The United States Gunboat Helena; Ordered From Manila to Tientsin, China-
broached to the War Department, and it
is not expected that such a step will be
taken save as a la-st resort, for It Is felt
that it would mark an entanglement of
the United States in the European designs
respecting China from which It would he
difficult or impossible to secure release.
Russia and Japan Will Fight.
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 6.-Admiral
Sir E. C. Fremantle, for years in'charge
of the India and China- squadrons and
now commander-ln-chief at Devenport,
arrived to-day on his return from a tour
through the Orient He said that he
thought Japan and Russia would surely
fight. At any rate, Japan would never
back down. The feeling was so intense
there that no Ministry, could or would give
in to Russia, Korea,- he said, should be
long to Japan and the Japanese knew it
and would fight for it.
When questioned as to what part Eng
land would take In the struggle he said
that being "off duty" he could make no
statement whatever as to England's prob
able course In the event of war, but he
said that Japan was in the right, that
she would fight and she would win.
"When told of the recent massacre of
f ,-Rear Admiral Kempff , TJ. S. N. ?
British missionaries ¦ and of Japan's pro
test' against Russia sending in more
troops, he said:, "That greatly Intensifies
the situation, but you can understand how
I do not wish to commit myself."
Russian Engineers Murdered.
LONDON, June G. — A special from
Shanghai dated June 6 says the members
of the majority of, the legations at Pe
king, including the members of the Brit
ish legation, are sending their families
away. It- is also said that several promi
nent Chinese residents .are leaving the
city. There, is an unconfirmed report that
two Russian engineers have been murder
ed at Yu'Chou Fou. northwest of Port
Arthur, after their wives had been out
raged. ¦-' ¦-.¦¦•""'
. The total damage done to the Chinese
The above picture from the London Graphic shows the passage of the men landed from the foreign war vessels at
Tientsin for the protection of their respective consulates on the occasion of the coup d'etat in October," 1593, through the
Eroat rate that connects the Chinese -with rtie Tartar city. In front were a body .of thirty-five Cossacks, followed by
Muejaekets and marines of the several nations, in all about 300 in number. The occasion was remarkable in that it was
' the Srst time that any .foreign troops have entered Peking since ISCO, when the British and French allies' marched
through the came grate, and after sacking the summer palace dictated their own terms to the Chinese Emperor. The
> Americans and others just larded at the request of the several Ministers had the same experience of delay at Tientsin
and followed the same route into the city, where they are now on duty— three hundred men among a million and more.
NEW YORK, June 7. — Serious alarm was caused in London and Washington' by" the Chinese advices yes
terday indicating an imminence of a clash between Russia and Japan." Leading financiers met in the
British, metropolis to prepare for a possible break. in the market.. ,
In "Washington, the Helena cr some similar light-draft gunboat -was ordered to Tientsin. It was
stated that should Hussia attempt to override Japan's protest against the landing of a preponderating force,
the United States might join with Japan in objecting. Minister Conger was instructed to act in unison with
the representatives of the powers for the protection of foreign life and property.
Shanghai had alarming rumors of a hurried mobilization of Japan's fleet. It was alleged that the Jap
anese protest had stopped the landing of the Russian troops at Taku, a clash between the two powers being
regard-ed as inevitable if Russia had persisted. The Russian Minister was reported to have made another effort
to induce China, formally to request Russian aid, but no answer has been received.
Soldiers dispatched to attack the "Boxers" fought an engagement close to Peking, many being killed
en both sides.
Fresh, outrages by "Boxers** were reported and the damage done to railways by them to date was esti
jrtated at S5.OOO.OOO. Foreign representatives in Peking were sending their families away and two Russian
engineers had been murdered, it was asserted, after their- wives' had been outraged.
PEKING. June 6.— The situation is
growing steadily worse. Events
move with such rapidity and af
fairs, owing to the excitement of
the natives, are so critical that the
foreign ministers hold frequent meet-
Ings. They feel the reed of a free hand
for energetic action, without a perpetual
reference to the -home governments.
Sir Claude Macdonald. the British Min
ister, is wiring lor seventv-five more ma
rines Native employes who have return
ed from Feng Tai say they left the Box
ers openly drilMi-.s In the adjacent village.
A strong imperial edict issued this even
leg censures the "cowardliness of the lm
r4-ial troops" and orders the Viceroy of
PecMU and General Jung Lu immediately
to suppress the Boxers.
The foreign ministers at to-day's meet
ing discussed the meeting in special audi
ence with the Empress Dowager, but no
decision was rfuched.
. Situation Grows Worse.
•WASHINGTON. June 6. — Minister Con
ger cabled to-day that the sif^ation at
Peking was worse, and this statement,
taken In connection with Admiral
Kempff's alarmice cablegram of yester
day announcing that an engagement had
txyrun. decided the State Department to
strengthen the- naval forces nearest the
scene of the trouble. Accordingly a ca
blegram was sent to Adrnfral Remey at
Manila directing him to dispatch at enco
to Admiral Ivcmpff's command toe gun
boat Helena or a correspondingly -light
draft chip, AdraJral Kempff's flagship,
the Newark, drawing 23 feet of water,
cannct ascend the Pciho River safely be
yond the Ts-ku forts, near the entrance,
but the little Helena, drawing only 11 feet,
can safely so to Tientsin, forty miles
above. She .was especially designed for
service in these Chinese rivers, and so is
likely to prove much more effective than
any other of the foreign warships which
can pass the Taku forts and reach Tien
tsin. She carries a battery particularly
adapted to dealing with such half organ
ised mobs as the "Boxers.",
She Is commanded by Commander
Moorn. and her complement Is ten officers
and IOC rnen. In view of the service asked
of her it is expected that Admiral Rcmey
will add to this one or two companies of
marines.
Selena a. Welcome Addition.
It is gathered from Admiral KerapfTs
advice* that the "Boxers" are about to
attack Tientsin, bo that the Helena will
be a particularly welcome addition to the
foreign fleet In that part cf China. If she
leaves Manila to-day she should reach
Taku next Sunday night or Monday morn
ing.
Secretary Hay cabled Minister Conger
an authorization to call for reinforce
ments from Admiral Kempff and to make
such disposition of. his naval force as he
deemed proper to protect American inter
ests generally.
The administration is still determined
that the United States Government shall
continue on its independent course re
specting the Chinese situation, though
willing to go as far as possible to aid in'
the restoration of peace and order in
China. Therefore Admiral Kempff has not
been instructed to join the other naval
commanders In the Peiho River in con
certed action. ¦ ¦ ,'.•..
No American Hay Be Safe.
The friends' of the American mission
aries in the disturbed zone In China are
becoming alarmed and the State Depart
ment is beginning to feel the pressure of
their efforts to adopt an aggressive policy.
To-day inquiries were made as to the rea
son for the passive attitude of the United
States naval forces in China while the
Russians are reported to have promptly
sent out military expeditions from Peking
: for the rescue of Russian. French and
Belgian subjects whose safety was Jeop
ardized. It was argued that the United
States marines should have been likewise
dispatched to the assistance of the Amer
lean missionaries at Paotingfu. The de
partment's answer was that Minister
Conger being on the scene was better pre
pared than any one here to adopt relief
measures, for which he had received the
sanction of the department in the . shape
of a general authorization to protect
American interests, which of course
meant American lives among other things.
It also was questioned whether the very
small force of .marines at the; Minister's
command could be used to make a march
through the hostile country and away from
Its base. In that case the United States
legation, the only refuge In the event of an
outbreak in Peking, would be unsafe for
American refugees, as well as for the
United States Minister himself, for the
lack of a suitable guard. Meanwhile the
developments are being closely watched,
and if the next phase should bo still worse
it is ' probable that in addition to the
Helena at least one more warship-i-pos-
Fibly the Princeton, with a full battalion
of marines— will be ordered up the Pelho
River to Tientsin. So far the proposition
to call upon General MacArthur for troops
to make up a landing party has not been
tvr r I r -- - w w , t iniriil fi i!T« fair
LEGATION GUARDS ENTERING PEKING.
Eap Showing the Several Stages cf Frogress of the British
Troops Frcm Blcemfontain to the Transvaal Capital.
BULLER SECURES AN ARMISTICE.
LONDON, Jane 6. — A special dispatch from Lourenzo Marquez,
dated Tuesday, June 5, says:
"General Buller and Christian Botha met at Laings Nek
at Buller's request, when a three days' armistice was agreed upon."
The dispatch adds that the British have evacuated TJtrecht-
WILL NOT ACCEPT
LAND FPR BURGHERS
been on duty at some distance around
the town, very few cavalry and infantry
were able to take part In the ceremony.
"Several of our officers who had been
prisoners were among the onlookera."
dent Kruger informing him of an ofTer
of 10O acres of land in America to each
burcrher. the President replied:
"We thank 3*ou for this generous offer
of land, but the burghers are determined
to fight for their own land and Independ
ence to the bitter end."
LOURENZO MARQUEZ. June 6.-tn
answer to a telegraphic inquiry to Presi-
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. CopyTirht. ISO*, by ths' Herald
Publishing Company.
LONDON. June 6.— Lord Salisbury ca
bled to Lord- Roberts as follows: "I earn
estly congratulate you on this crowning
result of your brilliant strategy and the
devotion of your gallant soldiers."
SALISBURY TO ROBERTS.
LONDON, June 6. — The Duke of Nor
folk, who is lieutenant-colonel of the Sec
ond Battalion of the Royal Sussex Yeo
manry, now in South Africa, has met with
a somewhat serious accident by falling
from his horse. His hip was dislocated
and he received other injuries. Dis
patches from Lord Roberta confirm the
accident. The Duke, it 13 added, is pro
gressing satisfactorily.
Among the officers of the Thirteenth
Imperial Yeomanry captured are the Earl
of Lei trim, the Earl of Longford and the
Earl of Ennismoor. *
DUKE OF NORFOLK INJURED.
MASERU. Basutoland. June 6.— A troop
er of Brabant's Horse says In the last en
gagement the Boers took four British
prisoners, including an officer whom they
released conditionally. The officer sa'.d
the Boers between Flcksburg and Bethle
hem number C000 men.
THEEE EARLS PRISONERS.
MANY BOERS YET
OCCUPY MAJUBA HILL
Lourenzo Marques correspondents at
tach significance to tht- number of Brit
ish warships in Delagoa Bay. suggesting,
that they are there possibly in anticipa
tion of aiding the Portuguese in the event
of disturbances on the Transvaal border.
may be instituted for all South Africa,
leading in the course of time to federation
and the subsequent autonomy of the vari
ous states simultaneously.
LONDON, June 6.— 10:13 A. M.— Lord
Roberts telegraphed to the War Office as
follows:
"PRETORIA, June 5.-5:33 P. M.— The
occupation of the town passed off most
satisfactorily and the British flag is now
hoisted on top of the Government offices.
The troops met with a much more en
thusiastic reception than I anticipated.
The Third Battalion of the Grenadier
Guards lined the square when the march
past took place. Owing to their having
BRITISH FLAG IS
-HOISTED AT PRETORIA
[Special Cable to the Xew York Herald. Copy
right. 1900. by New York Herald Com
pany. Kepubllcatlor of this dispatch Is
prohibited. All rlehts reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON. June ".—The Dally Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from Its corre
spondent:
NEW CASTLE. (Monday), June 4.—
Great numbers of the enemy still occupy
Majuba Hill. Laings Nek and the Pog
wanl range as far east as Englebrechts
Pass. On the Ballasberg the positions
they hold are particularly strong. Gen
erals Christian. Botha. Fourie and Pre
torlous are in command. Should they ob
stinately refuse to yield and still con
tinue fighting they will in all probability
fall back on Lydenburg by way of Ermelo
with prospects of a safe retreat Into the
almost Inaccessible mountains of the
Murchlson range. Their task to prevent
Buller' s entry into the Transvaal by way
of Volhurst can only result in failure and
unnecessary loss of lives on both sides.
TIENTSIN. June 6.— The Chinese ser
vant' of a Belgian engineer, who left Pao
Ting Fu two days after the Belgians, saw
five foreign and two Chines* dead oodles
in the Grand canal, one being the body of
a foreign woman.
A bold placard threatens the extermina
tion of the foreigners here on June 10.
It is rumored that the Boxers and Cath
olic Christians fought at Tung Hu Tues
day, three Christians being killed.
H. M. S. Barfleur has arrived and the
Terrible is expected.
One hundred and thirty-one Brit'sh.
thirty-one German, fifty French and
forty-five Italian marines have arrived
here. These reinforcements render Tien
tsin secure.
Bodies in the Grand Canal.
but Russia did make it and the Chinese
Government is quite capable of accept
ing such assistance..".
lster, Sir Claude M. Macdonald, is report
ed to be quite ill.
Not One "Boxer" Arrested.
LONDON. June 7.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: "No train
either left or arrived at Peking yester
day (Tuesday). Further damage to rail
ways Is reported. The Boxer movement
Is spreading unchecked . throughout the
provinces. Not one Boxer has yet been
arrested or punished. Anxiety is increas
ing regarding the safety, of the mission
aries at the various stations. At the meet
ing I of the Tsung-li-Yamen yesterday the
Japanese Minister discussed the offer of
M. de Glers. the Russian Minister, to give
the assistance of the Russian troops In
quelling disturbances. The Tsung-li-Ya
men denied that the offer had been made,
LONDON. June 7.-3:15 A. M.—iliM
• tary operations in South Africa arc
apparently at a standstill. For a day
or two the tired troops of Lord
Roberts' army are resting and he is
filling the magazines and warehouses at
his new base, Pretoria, preparatory to a
long chase after the retiring Boers in
the direction of Lyder.burg. /His cavalry
are probably seeking to intercept Com
mandant General Botha.
Some dispatches are to hand which left
Pretoria Monday while the fight' ng was
going on outside the my. They come b;
way of Lourenzo Marques. Or.: of them
says :
"Toward the end of the day, when the
British naval guns were shelling the
southern forts, a number of projectiles
burst, damaging the suburbs. All day
armed burghers have, "been leaving Pre
toria, going east. The greater part of the
railway rolling stock has been removed.
General Botha's Tactics.
"General Botha was fighting an essen
tially rear guard action, his object being
not to defend Pretoria, but \o delay Lord
Roberts until the railway switch had
been cleared and the main part of the
Boer army had started to withdraw. The
British advance appears to have left open
to the Boers the best line of retreat aiong
the railway."
Possibly Lord Roberts may have been
able to cut the railway before a full re
tirement was effected. That Pretoria
would be defended was apparently given
out after the council of war with a view
of misleading the British.
Lydenburg, the district to which the
provisions originally destined for Pre
toria have been diverted, and where a
cartridge factory has been erected and
where reserve supplies of all sorts are
stored, is a volcanic region of fertile val
leys, inclosed by great ramparts of pre
cipitous rocks, penetrated by narrow,
winding passes. There are herds of cat
tle in the valleys and there is much native
labor available for fortifying.
Exodus From Pretoria.
The Boers used bcth light and heavy ar
tillery at Pretoria. What is supposed to
have been the last train out of Pretoria
arrived at Lourenzo Marques on Sunday
evening. The passengers included a
number of foreign volunteers who were
lenvltiK the Boers, artd also the wives an-1
children;; of' Hollanders:.". THey dcscrfl>e«l
Pretoria as destitute or food "and clothing.
What the Boer • officials could not take
the natives and townspeople did.
"An Unorganized Kabble."
Probably the most Important Boor army
is at Lain gs Nek. where both sides are
passive. General Rundle and General
Brabant have withdrawn a little south-
General Baden-Powell has extended
martial law to the Marco and North
Lichtenburg districts. Shots were ex
changed between Boer and British pa
trols eighteen miles east of Mafeking on
May 2S. Part of the forces lately at Pre
toria are reported to. have gone westward
to meet Baden-Powell and to make a
show of holding the country through
which he and General Hunter are moving.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
Newcastle, dated Tuesday, described the
Boers there as an unorganized rabble,
without flour, meat or sugar. Their sur
render is only a question of time. Never
theless, the correspondent avers they hold
strong positions, with a prospect of a safe
retreat toward Lydenburg.
It is understood at Newcastle that the
British^ Government has approached the
Natal Government ?ith a proposition
; that Natal shall voluntarily renounce lo
cal self-government for a time in order
that a good system of crown government
railroads by the Boxers Is now estimated
at $5,000,000.
Battle Fought Near Peking.
SHANGHAI, June 6.— The soldiers dis
patched to attack the Boxers have fought
an engagement quite close to Peking.
Many. were killed on both sides.
In consequence of the representations of
Japan the landing of a large Russian
force at Taku is alleged to have been
stopped. It is believed here that should
Russia persist In sending a preponderat
ing military force to the front a collision
with Japan will inevitably result.
Alarming reports are current here of
the hurried completion of the mobilization
of the Japanese fleet.
The Russian Minister at Peking, M. de
Glers, has made another attempt to in
duce the Chinese Foreign Office to formal
ly request Russian assistance to restore
order, but the offer has not yet been ac
cepted.
Violent dissensions are reported to exist
between the Chinese commander-in-chier
of the forces, Jung-Lu. and Prince Ching-
Tuan, who, In accordance with the wishes
of the Dowager Empress, is strongly sup
porting the cause of the Boxers.
The mobs who murdered the English
missionaries RoWnson ,and Norman mu
tilated and disemboweled the bodies. The
station at Yan-Tin, three miles from Pe
king, has been burned. . The British Min-
LORD ROBERTS' ADVANCE TO PRETORIA.
While the Commander-in-Chief
• Refills Magazines and Ware
houses General Buller Secures
. an Armistice...- 1
Landing of Guards in China by the Powers to
Protect Lives and Property of Foreigners
Likely to Hasten the War That Has Been
Impending in the Far East. ¦ >•
IMMINENECE OF A CLASH
BETWEEN RUSSIA AND JAPAN
ROBERTS PREPARES
TO PURSUE BOERS
PRICE FI^TE CEXTS.
SAX JFRANtJISCO, THURSDAY, JUXE 7, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 7.
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON, June 6.— Naval Con
structor Hobson. the hero of the Merri
mac. now at Manila, has been found unlit
for duty on account of his physical con
dition. He will be given a leave of ab
sence Constructor Hobson has been at
Manila for some time engaged in super
intending the raising of the sunken Span
ish warships. The disability is not be
lieved to be at alll serious, but simply
the result of a close application to': his
duties In a tropical climate.
Hobson Is HI.
The decorations In St. Mary's Church
will be of white and green and quite sim
ple. From the high-pointed ! arch over
the altar will be suspended a wedding bell
of white roses, while groups of palms at
each side of the altar will form an arch
under which the bridal party -will stand
The capitals of the pillars which support
the arches will be covered with white
peonies and the pillars will be massed
with graceful green vines. After the wed
ding ceremony the guests will be con
veyed in park turnouts to the home of Mr
and Mrs. Alexander,' where a breakfast
will be served by Sherry. Tables will be
placed in the various rooms and on the
wide verandas. The bridal party will have
a table in the dining room. There will be
about two hundred guests at breakfast,
many of whom are already at Tuxedo
Park. It was expected that Princess Art
bert of Anhalt would be able to be one of
the guests at the wedding, but her trip to
Washington and Niagara Falls will pre
vent her being present. .. •;
• Guests from New York will take a boat
for the special train at 11 o'clock to-mor
row morning at the" foot of West Twenty
third street. The ceremony, is to take
place at half-past 12 o'clock. '
Frank Lyon Polk will act as Mr. Harri
son's best man, and his ushers will be
Archibald Harrison, Frederick d'Haute
vllle, Albert Fairfax, Gouverneur Morris,
William Sloane and Benjamin Cable. The
last named will act in the place of Guy
Fairfax Cary, . cousin of Mr. Harrison,
who is unable to leave his college exam
inations to be at the wedding. Mr. Har
rison gave his farewell bachelor dinner
on Monday night last at 'the Knicker
bocker Club. ,
lowed by a Breakfast in the
Alexander Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June G.-Mr. and Mrs.
Charles B. Alexander gave a din
ner party to-night at their hand
some place at Tuxedo Park in
honor of Miss Mary Crocker, their
niece, and Mr. Francis Burton Harrison,
whose marriage will be celebrated to-mor
row at tho Church of St. Mary, Tuxedo
Park. Their guests included Mr. and Mrs.
Burton N. Harrison, D. 0. Mills, Mr. and
Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, Rev. Dr. W. F.
Brand and members of the bridal party.
Ceremony in St. Mary's to Be Fol-
PREPARATIONS FOR
CROCKER WEDDING
This Is No Dream.
To-morrow (Friday) there will be on
sale 5000 pairs ladies' fine kid shoes or ties
at 40c a pair. The Standard. 1029 Market
street, between Sixth and Seventh. •
Miss A. Zstelle Walter Becomes ths
Bride of William B. ; '~ :
Eckart Jr. ; r •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 6. — One of the prettiest
society weddings Vallejo has ever 6een
was celebrated at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick Walter this afternoon,
when William R. Eckart Jr. and Miss A.
Estelle Walter were married midst a
veritable bower of floral beauty. Miss
Walter was attended by Miss Eleanor
Eckart as bridesmaid and JIis3 Josephine
Rider of "Napa as maid of honor. The
bride wore a wedding gown of crepe de
chine over white satin, made en train.
Her only ornament was a pearl and dia
mond brooch, a gift of the groom.
The groom wa^attended by his brother,
Henry Eckart. at best man.
The honeymoon will be spent at Con
gress Springs, after which Mr. and Mrs.
Eckart will take up their residence in San
Francisco. <
The weddlngi was the ending of a pret
ty romance which began a year ago In
Yosemite Valley, when tho couple first
met.
American Painter Honored.
PARIS, June 6.— The jury on paintings
PRETTY SOCIETY
WEDDING AT VALLEJO
SAN RAFAEL. June 6.— The authorities
in this city are on the lookout for a couple
of men who have been passing counter
felt money among the local tradesmen.
The counterfeit coins are dollars and
halves and are very cleverly made.
Looking for Counterfeiters.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Oregon— Mitchell. James E. Adamson.
Appointed: California— Plru City, Ven
tura County. Laura A. Burnham. vice
Aaron B. Lucas, resigned.
•A postofflce has been established at
"Wehesville. Okanogan County. Wash.,
and Edward C. Brown appointed Post
master. The postofflce at Arlington Place,
Riverside County, la to be made a sub
station of Riverside July 1.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Grafton. Warren T. Knox.
California: Original— Hugh Martin, Sac
ramento. $6; John G. Dodge, San Diego,
$8; George G. Collins, Soldiers* Home. Loa
Angeles, $6; John Lewis, San Francisco,
$6; John T. Van Houten, Jamestown, $8;
William O. Brooks. Santa Ana, $6: Jo
seph L. Bartlett, San Francisco. $6;
Charles H. Baker, Pacific Grove, $6. In
crease, special May 24— Nathaniel B.
Brown. Ban Francisco. $24. Original wid
ows, etc.— Mary F. Swing, San Bernar
dino, $8- War with Spain, original — Claude
W. Huff, San Francisco. J12; Austin J-
S.ilinbury, San Francisco, S12. -
Oregon: Original— Robert Travllla, Go
ble. $«. Additional— John A. Wilson, Hood
River. $3.
TNTZKZSTS THE COAST.
List of Pensions Granted and Post
office Changes.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— Pensions have
been granted as follows;
of tho Paris Exposition has conferred
medals of honor upon James McNeil
Whistler and John Singer Sergeant, tho
two famous American painters.
Hale explained the disagreement with
the House on ocean and lake surveys.
Speaking: of the refusal of the House to
accept the conclusion of the conference
committee he said he did not believe that
the Senate should surrender all Its. rights.
Hale moved that the Senate insist upon
its amendments and grant the conference
requested by the House. This was done
and on motion of Hale the Senate at
10:40 p. m. adjourned until 11 o'clock to
morrow, h "
fund he had at his command, he failed to
make good his promises.
Turner then sharply criticised the Re
publican leaders for forcing adjournment
when there were public measures de
manding attention. These Included the
Nicaraguan canal bill, the anti-trust bill
and the eight-hour bill.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— A carefully
prepared statement on the appropriations
of the session was made fo-night by Sena
tor Allison, chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Appropriations, and Chairmarf
Cannon of the House Committee on Ap
propriations, in accordance with custom.
The statement says:
The appropriations made by the first session
of the Fifty-sixth Congress amount to $709.
729,476. This sum Includes $131,247,155, esti
mated to be on account of or incident to the
late war with Spain and deducting it the re
maining amount, $J7S,4S2,321, represents the
ordinary appropriations made for the support
of the Government during this session.
It will be observed that after deducting the
amounts estimated to have been appropriated
on account of or incident to the war with
}-"pain for the ensuing, the current and the
last fiscal years (which cover the period since
the beginning of the Spanish war) the appro
priations for the five fiscal years— including the
two immediately preceding the war— are as
follows: , . ¦-.'¦¦
is97, (sa.sa.tu: isss, $528,735,079; is93, $532,
373.6SS: 1900, S5J4.27S.S66: 1901. J37S.4S2.321.'
This flwws an apparent exce*s in the or
dinary appropriations at this session for the
fiscal year 1901 of $-19,747,242 over the appro
priations for the fiscal year 1S9S, which im
mediately preceded the Spanish war. The chief
increases in ordinary expenses for 1901 over
those r<">r 1S9S are:
Increase of the navy, $7,0Sl,9l6; pensions, $3,
981(350; postal service, exclusive of newly ac
quired territory. $17,7S2,900; twelfth census,
19.000.000; permanent appropriations (including
$2.(X<i,noo for requirements of sinking fund and
$4.090. too for redemption of .national bank
notes), $6,634,000.
The total of thefe Increases Is $50,202,826.
These increases in Fi*leral appropriations need
no defrr.se and hut a word of exDlanation. The
amount for the Department of Aericulture is
only a proper compliance with the natural
demands of the agricultural interests of the
country. For tensions the amount simply rep
lesents the natural increase of the pension
roll. For the increase of the navy the excess
over the appropriations of 189S Is necessary for
the construction, armor, armament and equip
ment of battleships, cruisers, gunboats and
torpedo-boats heretofore authorized and Is no
more than is absolutely necessary toward plac
ing the navy expeditiously in the proper con
dition universally demanded by the iworle for
the rational defense.
Much of the natural increase in the Treas
ury, War and Navy departments Is incident to
the war with Spain, although no part of it is
included In the table which is submitted of
increased appropriations on account of the war.
Under permanent appropriations, aside from
J6,000,000 for Interest on {he war loan, two
considerable increases appear— one for ?4,000,0ty
for the redemption of circulating notes of na
tional banks out of funds deposited with the
treasury for that purpose, the transaction be- 1
ing purely one of bookkeeping and in no way
affecting the public funds. The amount of es
timated redemmions out- of banks' funds is
simply $4,000,000 greater than in 1S3S, and by
process of bookkeeping that amount is added
to the appropriation for 1501.
An increase of $2,000,000 is made in the
amount estimated to meet the requirements of
the Finking fund for 1901 over the sum esti
mated and included In the appropriations for
1S9S. This increase is on account of the Span
ish war loan of t2OO.OCO.00O.
The approximate amounts, .as nearly as
they can be arrived at.TappftjjB-iated oh ac
count of or incident to th.s war with Spain
during each of the three sessions of Congress
heH, since the beginning of that war are, set
fortTr in detail. The amounts thus appropriated
curing the two sessions of the last Congress
covered the period to the close of the ' fiscal
year 1000 and aggregated $4*2.562.0S3.
Of this whole sum it is estimated by» the
Treasury Department that to June 30 the total
expenditures will not exceed $392,000 COO leaving
a surplus of $90,000,000 after meeting outstand
ing obligations to be covered into the Treasury
Thus, for the conduct of that momentous war
and its resultant effects Congress amply made
appropriations, and the administration has
wisely and prudently made expenditures from
the liberal sums thus placed at Us disposal.
Excess of Nearly Fifty Mil
lions Over the Fiscal
Year Before War.
RESUME OF THE
APPROPRIATIONS
BY CONGRESS
T X 7 ASHIN6TON, ; June 6.— Inability
\ A / to reach an agreement .on the
II 1/ naval appropriation bill forced
i I/- V"' -the Senate to abandon the
_* *..'. adoption of the House resolu
tion for final adjournment to-day. The
armor plate question, which for five years
has been a thorn 1 inthe side of Congress,
upset the- calculations cf thel Senate lead
ers and their well-laid plans went awry.
.It' was a day' of strife and turmoil in
the. Senate.' Early the conferees on, the
naval : bill reported a disagreement, and
the Senate was told plainly that the
House. would not consent to the amend
ment providing for an armor plate fac
tory tp be operated by the Government.
A compromise proposition was presented
by Penrose of and after
houis of debate finally was adopted by a
vote of 39 to -25. .The discussion of the
proposition deveioptd^an. unusual bitter
ness of feeling, and charges of robbery
and political corruption were hurled about
the chamber with an abandon which, if
they had not fallen from lips of grave
Senators,', would have been regarded as
reckless. Little worse ever was heard
in the heat of a political campaign.
Three o'clock, the hour agreed upon for
final adjournment, was passed and Kill
the Senato wrestled with th« armor ques
tion- When the Penrose proposition final
ly was agreed to it was supposed the- way
was clear, but late to-night another disa
greement'was reached on the naval- Din
and the Senate took an adjournment until
II o'clock to-morrow morning. •
The evening sessions presented a brill
iant scene, the galleries being thronged
with a gay and fashionable assemblage.
All were immensely entertained, as sena
tors-Carter of Montana, Mason qi lin- j
nois. Turner of Washington and Money
of Mississippi kept the Senate on edge
with. rattling political speeches.
At 10 a. in. tho' Senate reconvened to
prepare for final adjournment. A ¦•score
of Senators only were present, but the
chamber rapidly filled.- The naval and
sundry Civil appropriation bills remained
in conference, all the others having been
"The usual routine business practically
was abandoned to-day. Only two or three
new bills and resolutions were presented.
Carter secured the passage of a bill pro
viding for an Increase of $3<o,000 of tlie
•limit of cost of the public buildings at
Helena, Mont. - . ..
A recess was then taken to await the
presentation of conference reports. When
the Senate reconvened at 10:o0, aiu
son reported from the Committee on Ap
propriations the House concurrent reso
lution providing for final adjournment at
3 p. -m.* to-day. The committee had made
no amendment. It was permitted tem
porarily to lie on the table.
Hale presented a conference report on
the naval appropriation bill. It was a
disagreement upon all questions that have
been in dispute for three or four days.
Hale explained that the armor-plate ques
tion was- the" great stumbling block to
agreement. .No price had been agreed
upon bv the conferees because the House
conferees believed the price should be left
to the discretion of the Secretary of the
'Navv; % Hale said Penrose had a propo
sltlUE to offer which he ¦ would be glad
to have the Senate pass. upon.
¦ Percros*: then offered the following prop
• "That • thte Secretary' of tho Navy is.
hereby authorize^ to procure by contract
armor of tho best quality for any or all
vessels above referred to, provided such
contracts can be made at the price which
is now, in his judgment, reasonable and
equitable, but in case he is unable to
make contracts for armor under the above
conditions he is hereby authorized and di
rected to procure a site for and to erect
thereon a factory for the manufacture of
armor, and the sum of $4,000,000 is hereby
appropriated toward the erection of said
factory."
There was a sharp arid extended debate
previous to the adoption of the Penrose
amendment. Senators Tillman, and Teller
attacking it bitterly and Senator Hanna
defending it. .
Butler said that what he wanted was a
Government armor-plate plant and he
would be willing to pay almost any price
for armor that is needed now, provided
that the construction of armor-plate by
the Government were made mandatory. ,
Chandler objected to leaving the matter
to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy. Congress ought not, he main
tained, to shift the responsibility to the
shoulders of the Secretary of the rxavy.
That would be a cowardly thing to do.
A bill was passed appropriating $o5,000
for the payment of the salaries of the of
ficials of the district of Alaska.
Debate on the armor question was then
resumed. Perkins, a member of the Is aval
Committee, supported the original com
mittee proposition. He' did not approve
of leaving the matter to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Navy.
Tillman attacked the amendment , by
Penrose. , _
The chairman of the Naval Committee,
said he, has declared that the Government
is being robbed and that the trust has a
knife at the Government's throat. The
country, he said, was face to face with a
scandal as enormous as any in its his
tory, second not even to the great Credit
Mobilier scandal;
"I resent, that statement," interjected
Penrose, vehemently and with evident
feeling. "I resent the statement that
there is any suspicion of scandal ln^this
or any amendment which. I propose.",
"I am making no personal allusion, re
plied Tillman. "I am simply stating facts
that are indisputable.. The influences be
hind the public in this matter are the
shipbuilders and armor-makers."
Teller denounced the amendment of
Penrose as a disgraceful proposition.
"As the Senator from New Hampshire
said," continued Teller, "It would be cow
ardly and craven on the part of Congress
to surrender legislative authority and
prerogative to the executive branch of
the Government. It seems to me there
may be a tinge of corruption. This is a
time for plain talk. The Americans be
lieve and I believe that there is a great
political combine behind this proposition
to surrender our authority."
. "I do not believe," said Teller, "that
any scandal in our history will equal that
which will grow out of a surrender now to
this robber combine. The Cuban scandal
and peculations would be a minor matter
as compared with those which would oc
cur under the influence of these monopo
listic armor-plate robbers." ' '
He said the proposition of Penrose had
not been adopted without a thorough un
derstanding by the American people that
they were being robbed.
- "The bitterness of the Senator from Col
orado." said Hanna. in reply to Teller,
"excites only my sympathy. The animus
of the matter is the determination on the
part of n few men to have a Government
armor factory built. To this end every
thing else is to be sacrificed." • £*8SSB»*^
In response to a suggestion Hanna said:
"I want to see this armor question taken
out of the legislative branch of the Gov
ernment because I want to see it taken
out of politics.' In advocating this dispo
sition of the matter I resent the charge of
the Senator from Colorado that anybody
has been or will be Influenced by motives
lower than those by which the Senator
says he is actuated." ", " .
Hanna said the r-r-tary of the Navy
should be left discretion to act as he saw
best. As for Teller y ass "tlon that the Re
publican party wjis f- king long chances
when they put themselves in the attitude
of defending what he styles the armor
plate trust, lie (Hanna) I was sure the Re
publican party would not shrink from the
responsibility, of doing business on sound
business principles. The party did not
propose. to be driven into, the manufacture
of armor plate simply to please their crit
ics.': He was sure that all these opposition
speeches were for mere political effect,
and he wanted it understood that the op
posing Senators had no. patent on integ
rity and honesty. ¦
In conclusion Hanna advocated the Pen
rose proposition as a fair compromise, v:,
Tillman said that if the bill should fail
the responsibility would be.on the House
of Representatives. '
Hawley entered a protest against the
Charges of Robbery and Politi
| eal Corruption oniArmor
Plate/Amendment.
criticism of public men. characterizing it
1 as - "treasonable"" and as • "villainou3
pessimism." He advocated the Pcnrose
compromise.
Daniel opposed thePenrosc amendment
and. urged the Senate to stand up to the
nght which had been on for: five years.
Hanna and Elkirs, he said, had demanded
.with,, tiresome iteration business should
be conducted on "business principles," but
ho had- never heard that business princi
ples demanded that the buyer t-houid
place himself entirely in the hands of the
seller, or that a man should employ an
agent to do for him that which he could
not do for himself.
"Why," asked Daniel, "did the armor
plat? manufacturers decline, to tell the
cost of the production of the armor plate
when asked by the Senate/ Committee?"
I'enrose asked permission to reply, to
this inquiry, . and began by referring to
Daniels speech as a "reckless statement
and demagogic appeal."
. Daniel resented this characterization
and refused to yield further. Such lan
guage, he considered, was unbecoming to
[ the" Senator and to the Senate.
Continuing, Daniel urged that there was
no emergency that should render it so
necessary to hurry the construction of the
navy, as not to take time to do that which
should be done in the interest of the pub
lic welfare. ¦
At 2:20 p.-m. Halo asked for a vote upon
the pending; proposition, but Butler, ad
dressed the senate in opposition to- the
surrender by the Senate when it was on
the verge of victory.
In conclusion. Butler exclaimed: "Let
the loot begin." ' .
A ' vote was then taken on Penrose's
proposition and it was agreed to— 39 to 35,
as follows:
Ayes — Allison, Baker, Carter,' Clark, Cullom.
Davis. Deboe, Depew, Elklns. Fairbanks, Fos
ter, Frye, Gallinger, Hanna, Hansbrough, Haw
ley, Hoar, Kean, Kyle, Lodge, McRride, McCo
mas. McEnery, McMillan. Mason, Penrose,
Platt of New York, Plattof Connecticut, Pritch
ard. Proctor, Quarles. Koss>, Scott, Sewell,
Shoup, Thurston. Warren, Wetmore, Wolcort —
39.
Noes— Bacon, Bard, Bate, Berry, Beverldge,
Butler, Chandler, Clay, Cockrell, Culberson,
Daniel, Foraker, Harris, Ileltfeld, Jonea of Ar
kansas, Kennei-, Lindsay, McLaurin, Mallory,
Martin, Money? Morgan, Nelson, Perkins, Pet
tiRrew, Pettus, Rawlins, Simons, Spooner, Sul
livan, Taliaferro. Teller,- Tillman, Turner. Vest
-35.
A further conference was then ordered.
Allison presented a conference report on
the sundry civil bill, the House having
disagreed to the single item remaining to
be adjusted— the provision to pay the
claim of the State of Nevada. Allison
said that with much regret he would
move to recede from the amendment.
After Stewart had made a statement con
cerning the claim, the motion of Allison
was agreed to, thus completing the bill.
The Senate then, at 3:35 p. m., went into
executive session, resuming legislative
business at 3:45 o'clock.-
Pettigrew called up his resolution to dis
charge the Committee on Education and
Labor from further consideration of a bill
limiting the daily hours of labor, common
ly known as the eight-hour bill.
Hawley moved to lay the resolution on
the table, which motion prevailed— 33 to
2S-as follows:
Ayes— Allison. Baker. BeA-eridRe. Chandler,
Deboe, Fairbanks, Foraker, Foster, Gallinger.
Hale, Hanna, Hansbrough. Hawley, Kean.
Kyle, Lodge, McComas, McMillan, Platt of
Connecticut, Platt of New,. York, Proctor,
Quarles, Ross, Scott, Sewell, Shoup, Simon,
Stewart. Thurston, Vest, Warren, Wetmore,
Wolcott — 33. . ' - ¦>¦-¦.;:.¦
Noes — Bacon, Bard, Bate, Berry, Butler, Car
ter, Clark, Culberson, , Cullom, Daniel, Harris,
Heltfeld, Jones of Nevada,. Kenney, Lindsay,
McBride, McEnery, Mallory, Mason, Money,
Nelson, Penrose, Pettlgrew, Sullivan, Talia
ferro, Teller, Tillman, Turner— 28.
The House bill extending the coal lands
laws to the District of Alaska was passed
in the midst of considerable confusion.
Senators were pressing for recognition,
when Hale protested against the transac
tion of business in such confusion. He
had not heard what the bill was that just
had 1 been passed. So it was, he said, with
some heat, that an amendment had been
put on the military academy appropria
tfon bill providing for Senatorial cadets.
He was opposed to these cadets and the
proposition had been voted down by the
Senate. He declared that such action on
the part of a conference committee was
an outrage. He had consulted with Mr.
Sewell, chairman of the Senate Confer
ence Committee, and had been assured
that the amendment would not be put in
tho bill.
In explanation of the action of the con
ferees, Sewell 'Said the House conferees
had insisted upon this ' increase, in the
corps of cadets at the military academy,
and the conferees of the Senate, knowing
that a similar provision had been in an
other bill, he felt justified In yielding to
the House proposition.
A bill amending the statute relative to
the appointment of receivers was passed.
A recess was taken from 4:40 to 6:30
p. m.
The Senate reconvened at 6:30 o'clock,
and after being in session fifty-five min
utes without accomplishing anything, took
a recess until 8:25.
When the Senate reconvened at 8:25
Hale announced that the conferees on the
naval appropriation bill had agreed to a
final report and it probably, in a brief
time, would be sent to tho Senate from
the House.
Allison, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, presented In tabulated form
a statement of appropriations made dur
ing the session. Allison said the princi
pal Increases were in the appropriations
made for the navy and army and the
PostofTlce Department and in items of the
civil bill.
When the suggestion was made by
Cockrell that an informal recess be taken
until the naval conference report was re
ceived from the House Carter of Mon
tann said the time spent in awaiting the
report, "might be employed profitably by
the anti-expansionists in submitting their
views on the Oregon election." He di
rected attention to the fact that Rep
resentative Tongue, who four years ago
was elected by only sixty-five majority,
had been re-elected this week by a ma
jority of more than 3000..
"Oregon," said he, "gives a Republican
majority of 10,000, and this man Tongue,
who has consistently supported the pres
ent administration, Porto Rlcan tariff and
all, has a known majority of more than
3000 and the back counties yet are to be
heard from. It seems to me that the time
might be spent well In hearing the ex
planations of the anti-expansionists . for
this condition of affairs in Oregon."
"If the Senator .from Montana," sug
gested Cockrell, "will introduce a resolu
tion declaring the Senate a political de
bating society we will enter upon its con
sideration." ¦ ¦
"I have sometimes thought," said Car
ter,'"that the legitimate functions of this
body have been perverted. It has become
a forum. Not only that, but it has be
come a place from which the most vile
and venemous political fulminations arc
hurled at men in public life."
Carter said much of the abuse suffered
by Washington and Lincoln and Grant
had been very like the abuse heaped by
innuendo and insinuation upon the pres
ent President. Washington. Lincoln ad
Grant had beeti assailed and re-elected.
He predicted victory for McKinley thl3
fall. The first gun of the campaign has
been fired in Oregon, which has given a
Republican majority of 10.000 in favor of
the Porto Rican tariff, and despite the
erring wandering way of a man said to
be a criminal in Cuba.
Carter then entered-upon a general dis
cussion of the Philippine situation from
a political viewpoint.
Mason of Illinois made a half humorous,
half serious reply to Carter. He declared
that i the ; Republican party had carried
Oregon in,spite«of and not because of our
Philippine policy, our policy toward the
Porto Rlcans and our treatment of the
Boers : in I South | Africa. He /Jevoted spe
cial attention to what he termed the neg
lect c of the South African republics by
"the mother of republics." . : . ,•
Turner said .' he had . not got into the
chamber in time to hear all of the "stump
speech'! of Carter, but he had arrived in
time to hear him place Mr. McKinley
firmly in the White House as the result
of the next campaign. This reminded
him .that Carter .had undertaken to elect
a President .eight years ago and. not
withstanding the enormous campaign
DAY OF STRIFE
IN THE SENATE
WASHINGTON. Z ;ne 6.— When
the House to-night at 10:30 took
a recess until 10 a. m. to-mor
row the two chambers of the
national legislature, witli heads
flown anil horns Jock'-d, were in a desper
ate struggle over the item In the navai
appropriation bill relating to ocean sur
veys. The final adjournment of Congress
is postpont-d until it is over. The pro
ceedings in the House during the day
were tame and without dramatic incident.
This was partly due to the fact that the
lirm position taken by the House on tbo
armor plate provision transferred the
fight to the floor of the Senate and to
the obstinate refusal of Lentz. an Ohio
Democrat, to permit any unanimous con
sent lt-gi^!ation until the Republican leail
ers agreed to allow the testimony in the
Coeur d'Alese investigation to be printed.
Lentz held the House by the throat all
cay and except for privileged matters
things ir-irisiative were practically at u
eiandstili.
Bui to-night there was enough r-xeite
tr.er.t to compensate for the dullness of
the day session. The House get its dander
up over the failure of its conferees to
abide by their instructions on the ocean
turvcy item and after an exceedingly
sensational uc-bate in which Cannon, the
chairman ot the Appropriations Commit
tee, made some Startling disclosure* as
to the ma!Ui«T in which Commander Todd.
the hydrographer cf the navy, had wageti
his campaign against the stand taken by
the House in favor of the Coast and Geo
detic Survey doing ocean survey wcrk.
the House rejected the conference report
by an overwhelming majority and the
Speaker took the almost unprecedented
COVM of appointing now conferees on
the part of the House who are not mem
bers of the Navai Committee.
The debate was one of the bitterest and
most heated of the session. Cannon in
ihe excitement of <he moment took oif
his collar and necktie And. with fleev:?
rolled up, aroused the House to a trf
mencious pitch of enthusiasm as he dealt
the conferees sledgehammer blows. Tht
galleries, crowded to the doors, cheered
the picturesque tipht of the grizzled old
veterans until the fretted ceiling rang.
The conferees defended their course as
beti they could, and "Foe?, acting chair
man of the committee, resented v.ith bit
ter language the charge tha.t he had be
trayed the House.
Hot words were bandied back and forth,
but the House was in an ugly mood land
was resolved to light the i^tnate to a
finish. The appointment as conferees ct
Cannon. Moody and Shafroth, all oi
whom are in sympathy with the House's
position, assures no surrender on their
part until the House Itself shall direct
them to yield.
A handful of members were on hand
when the House reassembled. Speaker
Henderson went home ab«ut 4 a. m., and
was again the chair at S, showing no signs
of fatigue.
The conference report on the general de- ]
ficiency bill, showing a complete agree- .
ment. was presented and agreed to. As ,
the attendance was slim a recess was
taken until : j ::» o'clock. Additional mem- i
bers had come in when the Housie reas
sembled. The joint resolution expressing i
gratification over the unveiling of the La
layette statue at Paris was agreed to.
Cannon then submitted the conference
r» port «>n the sundry civil bill, showing
the item covering the claims of Nevada to
be the only one in dispute. Among the im
portant itenis struck out were those for
the memorial bridge across the Potomac
River and a lighthouse vessel for the Pa
ciric Coast, for a branch soldiers' home
in Idaho, legation buildings in Korea and
ifiar: and a statue of Rochambeau.
Among the important items retained
were th">«e placing under the supervision
of the Secretary of the Treasury the exe
cution of the Chinese exclusion and immi
gration laws; gauging the water supply of
certain streams, {l'X'.OiXi: providing plans
for the enlargement of the White House
and -the development of surrounding
grounds: appropriating C3.Q00 for the
South Pass of the Mississippi River: pro
viding for the settlement ot Spanish war
claims arising from military use ar.d oc
cupation.
The Mississippi. Missouri and Columbia
River items wtre retained, tile Mississippi
item, for the lower river, being reduced n,
S2.250.f«0. The provision as to rttate claims
was compromised by an amendment that
certain Federal claims against these
States would not be prosecuted. Th2
forest reserve provision was amended so
that lieu land settlements shall hereafter
be made from surveyed lar.ds.
Cannon explained that the Senate had
added about $5.oc).000 to the original 56i.
000,000 of this bill, and that, by this re
port, the Senate yielded about Sl.O'iO/nO
and the House $4,000,000. Considerable de
bate followed on the various items.
The sundry civil conference report' wa?
agreed to. and on the one item still open,
jippropriatiiigJ4C2.<K | 0for claims of Nevada,
ii was moved that the House concur with
the Senate amendment. This brought on
a sharp debate on State claims. Moody
of Massachusetts urging that payment of
the Nevada claim would set a precedent
for otier like claims, aggregating about
55.O00/KW, and would establish a dangerous
precedent. The claim was for extra pay
given to Nevada's soldiers during tho
Civil 'War. California, if this claim were
paid would have a valid claim for $4,O<>3,
uOO and Oregon for nearly half a million.
Nowlands' motion to concur in the Sen
ate amendment was lost by 43 to ST. The
House further insisted on the amend-'
mont and the bill was sent back to con
ference.
The House passed a few bills of minor
importance during the afternoon by unan
imous consent. A number of requests for
unantraotjs consent were preferred, but
Lentz of Ohio objected on the ground
that ¦ his personal rights were being tn
vaded by the refusal of the majority to
allow the printing of the Coeur d'Alcne
testimony. The House spent most. of the
time In recess.
As the dav wore on there were some
amusing incidents. Greene of Massachu
setts asked unanimous consent to con-
Flder a bill to establish a "lobster hatch
cry" In Maine. The mention of the ob
ject of the bill created much merriment.
"Until we have the Coeur d'Alene testi
mony printed," observed Lentz of Ohio.
"we -will have to deprive ourselves of
lobsters. 1 object."
After a brief recess a hundred or more
members with private bills were hustling
for recognition, but I.rntz of Ohio had
declared that he would object to unani
mous consent for anvthing until an order
was made to permit the printing of the
Coeur d'Alene testimony. All mem)«crs
were referred to him, but none could per
suade him to yield. He took the position
that his personal rights were being in
vaded by the refusal of the majority to
allow the printing of this testimony. Fig
urativelv ho had the House by the throat.
Lents finally withdrew his objection
against several bills of minor importance,
including a Senate bill to preserve the
rights of Women who might marry after
taking up homesteads under the home
stead law.
The resignation of McPherson of Iowa,
who has been appointed United States
District Judge, was laid before the House.
Dollivcr of Iowa asked unanimous con
sent to consider a bill to incorporate the
Supremo Lodge of the Kuights of- Pythias.
•inasmuch as I am a member of the
order." said Lentz. "and inasmuch as it
has lodges in the C'oeur d'Alene district, I
will not object*' (Laughter.)
The bill was passed.
At 4 o'clock Foss called the attention
of the House to the fact that the Senate,
after a protracted struggle, had practi
cally agreed to the House provision rela
tive' to armor p!r>.ti>. The only change
was a change of verbiage, making it man
datory upon thr- Secretary of the Navy to
erect an iirmcr i>late factory in case he
cannot contract for armor plate at a
reasonable and equitable price.
Kitchen of North Carolina assailed the
proposition to give the Secretary of the
Navy cart blanche to pay what price he
pleased for armor plate, but a motion by
Fops to concur in the Senate amendment
prevailed— K.4 to 96.
The bill wns then .sent back to confer
ence. The House took a recess untii
8 p. m.
When the House reconvened at 6 o'clock
Cannon, chairman of the Appropriations
Commitu« j , attempted to make a state
ment relative to appropriations for this
Congress, but Lentz interposed an objec
tion. He was as obdurate as he had been
all day. rctusing his consent unless the
Coeur d'Alcne testimony was ordered
printed.
Cannon frankly staled that his pur
pose was to make the usual statement for
the benefit of the country and the House.
If the objection was insisted upon he
wouid print it in the Record. Despite the
appeals of some of his Democratic asso
ciates I-entz refused to relent and Cannon
desisted.
A resolution to print 10,000 copies cf the
rrport of the Committee on Agriculture
in the Grout bill was put through over
Lentz's head amid much merriment. The
Speaker completely ignored Lentz.
At 8:30 p. m. Fops presented the final re
port of the naval appropriation bill. A
compromise had been effected on the pro
vision relative to ocean surveys, which
appropriated $50,000 for hydrographic sur
veys, -while the House repeded from its
provision abolishing the two years' sea
course for naval cadets, but secured an
amendment to the present law to permit
an appointment from each Congressional
cistrict every four years. Koss said the
Senate conferees had absolutely insisted
upon the provision relative to ocean sur
veys.
Cannon, who had led the fight against
ocean surveys under tho direction of the
Navy Department, was not satisfied with
the agreement reached by the conferees.
He declared it was reached in the teeth of
the specific instructions of the House.
Cannon then related how subsequently
Spcr^tary Long had ascertain***? that the
hydroprapher. Commander Todd, had sent
out a circular letter without his (Long's)
Unowlfdge and for that act he had been
suspended. ¦
Burton of Ohio indignantly repudiated
the charge in Commander Todd's circu
lar that he and others were in a secret
combine against the Navy Department
in this controversy. . .
Dayton of West Virginia, one of the
naval conferees, in wildly excited tones
denounced as "false and untrue" the
statement that the conferees had betrayed
their trust.
Foss also denounced in harsh words the
statements that the conferees had not
stood by the House's instructions.
Fops then moved to concur in the re
port and demanded the previous ques
tion. He declined to further serve on the
conference committee. -
Cannon appealed for ten minutes, but
the House howled him down. He then
cried: "Vote down the previous question,"
as the Speaker put the question.
..The. previous question was voted down,
f# to 320. and the debate was reopened.
Hopkins defended the conferees and
Cannon closed with a vigorous speech.
On a rising vote the House declinedto
concur in the conference report— 83 to 131.
The Speaker announced that as Foss
had declined to serve, he would recog
nize Cannon on the' subject.
Cannon moved that the House non-con
t?ur In the contested items and send them
back to conference, which was agreed to.
There was a buzz of surprised com
ment as the Speaker announced an entire
ly new set of conferees on behalf of the
House— Cannon, Moody and Shafroth—
representing the most determined oppo
sition to the Senate's action.
It was evident that- business could not
be -concluded-- to-night .. and Grosvenor
moved an adjournment, but this :was
voted down.
After a minor bill had passed Payne
moved a recess until 10 a. m. to-morrow.
The vote was very close, but the Speaker
declared the motion carried and at 10:20
p. m. the House took a recess until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Naval'Appropriation Bill Causes
a Deadlock and New Con
ferees Selected.
REDHOT TALK
IN THE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
Town Swept by Disastrous Fire Be
lieved to Have Been of Incen
diary. Origin.
SUSAXVIL.LE, June - 6.— Fire started
this morning at Stark's blacksmith shop,
on the south side of Main street, between
Lassen and Roop, cleaning out three
blocks, except the brick store of Nathan
& Schmidt and the stone store pf Alexan
der & Knoch. It was discovered at 3:15
this morning, but had such a start that
it spread with great rapidity. The water
supply is good, but no hose or other fa
cilities for lighting fire are to be had. The
business houses destroyed included C.E.
Emerson's hardware' store; Mrs. - Bang
ham, millinery; T. A. Massey; bicycle
shop; C. • W. Barreck,- icecream parlors;
E. Frobel, harness shop; .the Cottage Ho
tel; -M. Asher & Brother, merchandise
store: W.' E.* 'Williams, saloon;* John Cohn.
merchandise store; *• Co-Operative store;
Alexander & •• Knoch. '",, two warehouses;
Mrs. Smith, large hotel; F. Morgan, paint
shop; Lassen ; Mail printing, office, • and
Mrs. Keyer, boarding, house.
Several dwellings,- the M.- E, . Church and
other buildings were lost. Forty buildings
were burned. ¦ The. loss cannot be esti
mated now. ..The flre is believed to have
been of Incendiary orltrip-
FORTY BUILDINGS IN
SUSANVILLE BURNED
2
LIVELY DEBATES DURING CLOSING HOURS OF CONGRESS
BIEBIBHllIIIIIieBIIDlIIIINlkllBIIIHIHIIIIl
B. . . ."...¦ ¦
D . '5
H B
B3 ¦» . . D
. B • ...',- B
b . . . : b
B ¦ • • . ¦ ¦ : ' V : :; ¦ ;/.a; ¦
g LADIES' TAILOR-MADE CHEVIOT SUITS, Eton ef- ¦
a fectsj reduced from $17.50 to* $12.50 g
" LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, blue and ¦
§ brown, reduced from $10.00 to $5-00 §
I LADIES' TAILOR-MADE APPLIQUE SUITS, in g
B black, blue and gray, reduced from $14.00 to $8.00 a
g LINEN SUITS reduced from $3.00 to .......$175 ¦
¦ .DUCK SUITS reduced from $4.00 to." ......'.$2.50 S
I FANCY STRIPED LINEN SUITS reduced from $5.50 to g
a ..;.... ...$3-50 g
g •••-.. A<
a WHITE DUCK SUITS reduced from $5.00 to. .... .$3.00 B
I B
I LINEN SKIRTS reduced from 85c to ....50c H
H^'^V^X'f'V f .>:-¦; v-'V':," --¦--, B
g WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS reduced from $1,25 to 75c ¦
n B
1 WHITE COVERT SKIRTS reduced from $1.25 to. . .75c B
0 i
g GREAT, REDUCTION IN FEATHER BOAS. B
¦ ¦ B
• - - • ' as
* " * ' Kg
B ' - S3
1 1146 Market Street. g
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BOON FOR WOMEN,
Dr. Hartman's Great Remedy as a Prescription
for Worn-Out Women.
Rev. Millie Wilson, superintendent of greatest need. By rnakln^ a thorough
the jail, prison and almshouse of Che- trial of Ihl^pr^^^,^^'^^hey win
halis. Wash., writes: and win ne ver be without it asain 3rin
"Last winter I caught a severe cold it wlI i brlnjr back to their wasted
which settled in my back, causing fre- cheeks the plumpness and bright color
quont headache and dragging j>ains. My of perfect health and give them a buoy-
ffi .ere also badly «^ f^bSt^hSfth'^^nS 6 °^
different remedies for a couple of months, Mrg Amanda SchumachPn ho
but only became worse. Finally I maae charge of the grammar department of the
up my mind to try Peruna. I was pleas- public schools of Columbia City, Wash.,
antly surprised to fini myself much bet- in a recent- letter says:
ter before the first bottle was used. I '.'Too instant application to work last
• it >,-»»„,. o»,/i in ei^r -a-or-icv -a.'a* winter caused me to have severe head
grew rapidly better and in six weeks was and back ache and dragKlnff paln3 . *f
well. I seem stronger than ever, my cou ia not stop my work, neither was I
work is easy and now if I have been ex- fit to g:> on.
posed I just take a dose or two of Pe- "Reading of the beneficial results from
runa and it prevents my catching any the use of Peruna. I purchased a bottle
cold. REV. MILLIE WILSON." and within a few days after using It be-
lt has been a well-known fact for years gan to feel better. I constantly Improved,
that the United States contains thousands my strength was restored and I now seem
and tc«s of thousands of tired, nesvous. ten yean younpor. .If I get tired or feel
fretful" women. They are not actually bad J>^ ro p a . a t J^fe a^P t s mfj^
sick, but so languid and frail and hag- "MRS. AMANDA SCHUMACHER."
pard that life seems to have lost all of its Send for free book entitled "Health, «jid
pleasures for them. Beauty," written by Dr. Hartman. for
It is to such women as this that Pe-' women only. Address The Peruna Medl-
runa comes as a blessing In a time of the cine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
I The new golf hat. I
B.;. : The most popular hat in the East to-day — low crown i
B -. and in the very newest M
jiJ ONE shades — for summer. ..ANOTHERH
HJL GRADE. rf ' - ; * dar -i GRAOE I
IK *^>'^i J w .^P ij 1G^^^ h/ncfc hrown \\\ tf^^feS& K\^Rq m^^5? wS
p\ fc r^ * * . * . , . *• yy f**%A EH
VjiThe "Red FrvtrfcmJ
A.J. PR'AGER a SONS if"^THE quarantine situation is coming
to a crisis. With the Board of
Health determined, to remove be
tween seven and I eight thousand
Chinese to detention camps and the Chin
ese determined to resist by force If neces
sary; with the State Board of Health tied
up by the Governor, who refuses to allow
a dollar of State money to be paid out
for quarantine purposes until It has Incn
demonstrated to him that the plague ac
tually exists; with the merchants seeking
a consultation with the attorneys for the
Chinese In the various suits tiled for the
purpose. It Is reported, of securing a eom
1 promise in regard to the quarantine, and
with the Federal quarantine official only
waiting until the quarantine of China
town has been broken to step in and
quarantine the city, there Is food for any
kind of a sensation.
The stand of the Governor was taken
before the State Bonrd of Health at Us
meeting last evening. For nearly two
hours the board held nn executive session
and during most of that time there was
bitter controversy. The Governor up
braided the members of the State bonrd
for maintaining an attitude which he saiil
amounted to an Indorsement of the policy
of the local board. He said he had not
had the slightest evidence that there was
nny of the plague In Chinatown, and un
til It was clearly shown to him that the
plague actually existed he would not al
low a dollar of the State's money to b«
spent In quarantine.
Say the Governor Is Prejudiced.
Dr. Bazet and Dr. Anderson replied that
tho Governor was prejudiced and un
scipntiftc, and added that If he were of a
scientilic turn of mind he might undcr
: stand these things, to which the Gover
nor replied that what he lacked in science
he made up In common sense and anyway
the existence of the plague would have to
be demonstrated to him btfore he would
allow any State aid. Without State aid
the local board cannot hope to do much
along their present lino of endeavor.
This morning the merchants will meet
the attorneys for the Chinese in formal
consultation. What tho subject matter
of the conference would be is not deflnlt-*
ly.known, but It has been reported to the
attorneys for the Chinese by one who
was at the meeting of the merchants yes
terday afternoon, that the proposition
was to reach some agreement by which
the quarantine of Chinatown could be
raised, or at loase be maintained only
on houses supposed to be Infected. It
was jit first reported In Chinatown that
tho Board of Health was seeking the com
promise and that tbe offer wa* that If
the present suits would he withdrawn the
quarantine would be raised within a few
days — In the shortest time in which Ii
could be done and still not overturn tho
dignity of the board. The attorneys- for
the Chinese claim there Is no wny by
which a compromise of any kind can b«
reached— that Is. short of an actual and
immediate withdrawal of -the. quarantine,
and so there Is not much looked for from
the meeting. It Is further suspected th-n
while the offer comes from the merchants
still the board Itself Is not averse to hav
ing the matter carried' through and that
It is with the full . knowledge of the board
that this is being done.
Federal Quarantine Probable.
And then behind it all is the Federal
quarantine service, one not to be desp!sr<l
and one not showing its reaj strength or
purpose in the tangle of law and bacilli.
From the solicitude of the Government at
Washington over the number of Chinese
that are distributing themselves all over
the Union it Is evident that if the. quar
antine of" Chinatown be raised' the Fed
eral Government is very liable to close
the port ami the city. In fact, steps are
notvv being taken to have inspectors on
outbound ftenmers and on outbound
trains, but until the courts have decided
whether or not the quarantine may bo
maintained the Government cannot act:
The authorities at Washington are much
worried over the probable outcome of the
suit to come before the United States Cir
cult Court to-day and they are eagerly
watching for the result. They are con
tinually inquiring, too. as to the elHcacy
of the quarantine and ns to the number
of Chinese r.ho are leaving the city And
State. Over a thousand havo left the city
since tho quarantine and moro nve
streaming- after thi^m this morning. If the
quarantine b* rals-?d the Chinese, anxious
to avoid a repetition of the dose of de
tention, will scatter themselves board
cast, and this the Federal authorities will"
endeavor to prevent.
May Take Full Charge.
Already the lnws of ISM are being re
ferred to. and these mean only that the
Federal service may take hold Just about
when it pleases. It Is provided that when
In the opinion of the Government local
health authorities are unable to maintain
a nccessary % quarantine or take all needful
precautions the Federal- service may step
In and take charge. This is what was
done when the control of the quarantine
of this port passed from the hands of tho
State to those of the Federal Government,
and this Is what Is meant by references
to the laws of 1SD0.
At the meeting of the City Board of
Hcnlth-yrsterdny afternoon there was
practically nothing done. The board Is
v.-altlnp for the outct/ne of this morning's
pult. It was decided to n"<M v the case for.
the board to rest In the hands of the Dis
trict Attorney and the attorney for the
board. J. J. Dunne.
No regulations or preparations for the
removal of the indigent Chinese have
been framed. Thin has born left to the
citizens' committee. The Chinese will
probably be thoroughly fumigated and
then marched through the streets to the
boats. Tlicro fcems to have been no other
way thought of.
Governor Seeks Information.
Tlie conference between the Governor
nncl the members of the Stato B#Sard was
held In a private room of the Palace Hotel
and was executive. Drs. Hill. Crowley,
Bazet, Ruggles and Henderson of tlio
State Board of Health were present; also
ox-Governor Budd. representing the Six
Companies, and Dr. Ryfkogel, bacteriolo
gist of the Oakland Board of Health. The
posslon was a ftormy one. At the outset
the Governor stated to the board that he
souprht. for information. He had IVern re
quested by the National Secretary of
State, he said, for nn official state
ment of the exact conditions existing
In Snn Francisco In relation 'to the. plague
and had been trvins hnrd for several day*
to secure information npnn which he could
na.«e a fair «nil unpreh'iillced report. Thus
far he hnd been unable to secure nny re
liable information as to the existence oi
the plaerue in San Francisco, and hnd
about -come to ¦ the conclusion that the
disease did, not exist here now or nt
any tlmo. He hnd formed the onlnion,
however, that the State Bonrd of Honlth
had acted. hnstlly and without warrant In
supnortinpr the local bonrd without having
rnnile an independent examination Into the
existing conditions. -For -his part tno
Governor would not sanction tho expendi
ture of State funds until ho hnd secured
the evidence thnt would warrant it.
Doctors Get Sxcited.
Drs. and Henderson boenme
greatly excited ovpr the position taken by
the Governor, accusing him of prejudice.
Th«»y said that he had boen prejudiced
Bfcalnst" the local board before h* onme
to them. They said he was not a scien
tific man and could not understand the
conditions upon which they hnd formed
their opinion and. finally, that If he could
understand, the scientific facts his preju
dice, would not permit him to grasp them.
The Governor held his ground, giving
the two doctors n. calling dov.n that they
will not' soon forget, and reiterating his
position. After the conference Governor
QaKC retired.' find Dr. Hill called the State
Bonr3xto order in. regular session. United
Stairs Quarantine Officer Klnyoun. City
Bacteriologist Kellogg. City Health Ofll
cer O'Brien and a number of other physi
cians were : present, and the members" of
the press were admitted. - .''., ¦
' Then came, a clash between Dr. Hen
derson and ex-Governor Budd over an at
tempt''of the acting secretary of the
board to override the Governor by send
ing out to the Boards of Health of ah
the States a report on the plague condi
tions, founded, apparently, upon the find
ings of the local board.
t>r. Crowley 'offered a resolution that
the State board make an official report
to tho health authorities of every county
in the State of the conditions existing
here and *at the same time notify them
of tho number of Asiatics who have leit
this city for various points in the State
since May I. •
Dr. Henderson moved to amend by ex
tending the Information "Jo the boards of
health of every State in the Union, on the
ground that the California board Is a
member of the National Association of
Health Boards and had voted for a rule
which required every member of the as
sociation to keep all of the other mem
bers thoroughly informed of the appear
ance and progress of contageous diseases
In Its territory. The California board was
bound, morally and professionally, .to live
up to this rule and must keep faith at thi«
time.
Dr. Crowley protested mildly against
the amendment, advising that the board
wait a few days for policy's sake. The
plague cases that have come under -ob
servation, he said, were confined to four
square blocks and as there had only been
two cases reported since May 15 there
seemed to be no cause to spread general
alarm.
Budd on the Warpath.
Ex-Governor Budd asked permission to
speak and the request having been
granted pounced upon Henderson in hur
ricane fashion.
"You are State officers, he said, "and
ns su*h it is your plain duty, under the
lnws of this State, to report first to the
Governor, who alone has the authority to
communicate officially with the heads of
other States or with the national Gov
ernment. • He has asked you to-night to
furnish him with the information ' that
will enable him to make an Intelligent
report to the Secretary of State, who has
asked, through him. for information. Are
you golnc now to Ignore your chief exec
utive? Before your . letters havo well
started on their wny he will have pent
forth the official Information by wire and
scattered It all over the world." •
Henderson replied thnt the local board
had already written letters to the boards
Inciderits of the Quarantine in Chinatown.
Calias Pleads Guilty.
Michael Callas pleaded rrilJtv yesterdnv
In the -United Pt.itps District Court to .in
Indictment char.einjr him with bavins: tin
stamped cigars in his possf^ssion. Satur
day wo? fixed as the date for sentence.
Pseclal DIsrateh to The Call.
L<^S AXGELES. June 6.—Notwithstand
ing the fact that the detectives and police
force F^em intent upon ferreting out the
rar.jr of foMnads which has terrorized this
oitv for thri-e months, beyond the arrests
of Watson and Murray, no prepress has
been made in apprehending the murder
c"j« thugr:. The reign of terror is so pro
tracted that teadir.g citizens are upon the
j>' ir.t of calling a mass meeting: to dis
ccrcr if possible where the blame lies and
: ug :•¦=! a remedy.
The b3--is for arousir.? public Infiigna
tlon is the fact that the present Police
-5>*partm<"nt !s but a puppet In the hands
of politicians, who. by their methods and
Interference, have cr.--.red strife within the
do^.irtm^rt. dpnud.'rg it of power and co
ne?i'M fcr tbe public weal. This feelinff is
infensIOc-d by the hold-up of H. M. Seeley,
a fruit mrrcha-r.t, at 2 o'clock this mora-
JUDICIAL OFFICERS
i NAMED FOR ALASKA
Robert A. Friedrich, Formerly of
This City, Is Nominated for
Attorney.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The President
Bent to th<» Senate to-day the following
nominations for the new judicial offices In
Alaska under the new law:
Judges— Melville C. Brown, Alaska;
Jame? Wlclccrsham. Washington; Arthur
II. Noyes. Minnesota,
Marshals— James M. Sharp. Alaska:
Cornelius L. Vawler, Alaska; G. G. Perry.
Iowa.
. Attorneys— Robert A. Friedrlch, Alas
ka; Joseph K. Wood, Montana; A. M.
Post. Nebraska.
John G. Brady, to be Governor of
Alaska.
The appointment of Attorney Frlodrlch
to the position mentioned In the foregoing
telegram was generally expected among
his friends in tills city and across th«» bay.
He had a very strong political backing,
and particularly from among the influen
tial members of the Tnlon League Club
of this city, of which he is a pa3t presi
dent.
H*» Is at present residing In Sitka,
Alaska, where he holds the position of
United States Commissioner.
Mr. Friedrlch formerly lived. In Ala
m<?da and practiced law in this city. He
has always b^n an active factor in the
affairs of the Union League Club and has
taken a prominent part in national poli
tics in this State.
GOVERNMENT FORCES
ROUTED IN COLOMBIA
After Fighting Thirteen Days ths
Rebels Win Decisive
Victory.
CARACAS. June C— A dispatch from
Cucuta, Department of Santa nder, Vene
zuela, says that after thirteen days of
fighting thfl Colombian revolutionists
have routed the Government forces near
Ruracamanga. capturing a number of
prisoners, including General Penasolana.
Yacht Scythian Burned.
BOSTON, Juno 6.— The steam yacht
Scythian, owned by Mrs. Charles T.
Parker, formerly Miss Susan de Forrest
Day. was towed into port to-day a totnl
wreck, having been burned at sea. She
was coming to Boston to be fitted out for
a European cruise and was discovered
to bo afire oft Highland Light. The crew
were driven to the small boats, but stood
by until a tug picked up the' Scythian'.
The yacht and furnishings were valued
nt $T.O,000. Miss Day had cruised exten
sively in the Scythian and wrote a. book
about her adventures which made the
ho.it famous.
"Jeff" Jarierson Is Almost Instantly
Killed — leaves an Orphaned
Child.
Jefferson Jamerson. a colored bootblack,
residing at 3d Eighteenth street, fell
from a window he ¦was washing at th»»
residence of Mrs. Jane Immel at SST-o
Eighteenth street yesterday afternoon ami
broke hi? neck. lie died almost instantly.
The window from which Jamorsnn
plunged to his death was abotit twenty
feet from the ground. He fell over back
ward and struck his neck on the pave
ment Jamerson was a widower and left
one child. Effle. a little plrl who is» now
alone in the world. She was taken to the
Central police station bv Officer Winter*.
Loiter Mrs. Charlotte McCarthy, a neigh
bor, called and took th»> cirl away. «ayins»
that she would adopt her If her relatives
could not be found. The body was taken
to the Morgue.
FELL FROM A WINDOW
AND BROKE HIS NECK
ing, the latest addition to the long list
reported.
£>uring the trial to-day of "Waiter Wat
son, the recently arrested footpad, under
a charge of highway robbery committed
pome weolts apo. General Johnstone Jones,
prosecuting attorney, threw a bombshell
into the- trenches of the defense, conduct
ed by Earl Rogers.
Jones charged by proof of the records
and the testimony of the court sten
ographer, Campbell, that the transcript
had beon mutilated in the Interest of the
defendant. Watson. The court took a
hand in the examination, eliciting the fact
that words in the records had been al
tered and that the folios had been torn
apart and refastened. A magnifying glass
clearly disclosed and demonstrated the
charge that General Jones had made.
Another Name Added to the
Long List of Victims in
Los Angeles.-
POLICE UNABLE
TO COPE WITH
HIGHWAYMEN
• Information was reeetx-ed yesterday
from San Jose announcing the death at
that place of Mrs. Louisa Kopp, formerly
of this city.
Mrs. Kopp gained considerable notoriety
hero about a year ago by shooting her
husband, Charles Kopp, a retired restau
rant keeper, to death at fheir home, 13
Lfwls place, a small street off Taylor,
between Post and "Sutler streets.
At the time of the tragedy Mrs. Kopp
was a sufferer from consumption and had
I Just returned from the East, where she
| had been In quest of health. On the night
of her arrival she and her 14-year old
daughter entered their home to find It oc
cupied by a Mrs. A. Monti, who had sup
planted her in her husband's affection.*.
The intruder was driven from the house
and Mrs. Kopp charged her husband with
the perfidy of which she had unmistak
able proofs. The husband only laughed
and said that he had learned to love Mrs.
Monti and did not intend to give her up.
Mrs. Kopp pleaded that as she had but
a short time to live her husband
should remember his marriage vows and
forset the usurper of her home. Plead
ings had no effect on Kopp. however, and
the climax came when the sSck wife and
her daughter, found the husband anil
father dining with Mrs. Monti in a near
by restauran*. On his return home the
Death Claims a Woman
Who Killed an Unfaith
ful Husband.
LOUISA KOPP IS
RELEASED FROM
EARTHLY TRIALS
discarded wife, in the presence of her
daughter, shot her unfaithful spouse and.
locking the door on the dead, left the
house.
Mrs. Kopp vi?!ted relatives in the Mte
slon and told her story. On their advice
she surrendered herself to the police. In
answer to a question she sold: *"I killed
him because I wanted him for myself."
The Coroner's Jury, after deliberating a
few minutes, held Mrs. Kopp blameless
for her act. When the case was called
In the Police Court for preliminary ex
amination after a short trial Judge Con-
Ian held the defendant to answer before
the Superior Court on $1000 bonds. Th«
first trial in the Superior Court resulted
In a disagreement on October 13 and on
second trial a Jury, on December 27.
after a few minutes* deliberation, acquit
ted the woman of the chare© of man
slaughter.
Mri/WAT'TvEE. WI*.. June 8.-Re
orgar.Ization, the issue of the day
in the General Federation of
Women's Clubs, will not come to
a vote until to-morrow. It was
di?rt7«f=e<S both at the morning and af
ternoon sessions to-day, the drift of the
arfrurr.er.t bolr.g in favor, of the majority
report of the committee on reorganization,
•which report stands for but little change
in the present form of organization.
Three opposed to reorganization, which
m«ans the continued recognition of the
individual club Instead of a national fed
eration, made up of State federations
or.1v. !r.clud<vl Mrs. Baker of Colorado.
Mrs. Julia B. Shattuck of Illinois and
Mrs. William Ted Helmuth of New York.
Those favoring reorganization included
Mrs. D. J. Jones of Colorado and Mrs.
fruiter cf L'tah.
The chances are the color Question will
not be pushed to a public controversy
unless Mrs. Josephine Ruffin, the colored
delegate, chooses to do so Individually.
Th<? Massachusetts delegation said to
r.lght it had sent its protest to the board
cf directors and would abide by Its de
cision and at such time as It would choose
to make It. In the meantime, no less
than eight State delegations have sent
similar protests to the board.
The Southern women, on the other hand,
rav«» presented a. report to the board of
directors urging that some action be
taken in the near future which will render
Representatives of the Federation From
Both North and South Have Taken
a Decided Stand. .
impossible the sending of another colored
delegate to the convention.
They furthermore said that no matter
If the board should decide to take action
during the convention they would not
leavo it, at least not during this biennial.
This liberal stand Is evidently meant In
support of Mrs. Lowe, who, as the.con
tinued president, with the color question
as an i.«sue before the federation, would
certainly be the best connecting link be
tween the North and the South.
The announcement that the ticket would
b« made up with Mrs. Ixiwe as president
and Mrs. Charles Denison of New York as
vice president was somewhat of a sur
prise after Mrs. Lowe's repeated refusals,
but It, nevertheless eeems to please the
greater part of the delegates and there is
little doubt that at least the head of the
ticket will go through with little oppo
sition.
As for representation on the board It is
likely California will get something and
Illinois is also discussing a candidate for
that position. r
Following the business session in the
afternoon came a drive along the lake
shore to Milwaukee— Downer College,
•where a reception was held.
The subject of the evening session at the
Alhambra Theater was '"Our Own Au
thors," the speakers being Mrs. Kate Up
ton Clark of Brooklyn. Mrs. Alice Wil
liams Brotherton of Cincinnati and Miss
Alice French (Octave Thanet) of Daven
port, Iowa.
COLOR QUESTION YET
WORRIES WOMEN'S CLUBS
of other States and agreed to keep them
Informed of the development of the
plague here. The amendment did not
prevail, however, and Dr. Crowley's orig
inal motion was carried.
Dr. .Crowley then offered a resolution
that the board formulate a plan for mak
ing. Investigations throughout the State
of sanitary conditions. He said that the
board had had an easy time of it for
three years and he thought the members
ouffht to be willing now to spend some
tune and effort to assist In stamping out
the plag^io and prevent It from spreading.
Lpcn motion of Dr. Henderson. Drs.
Crowley and Hill were appointed a com
mittee to plan this work. They accepted
the trust and agreed to meet to-day and
do the work.
Dr. Klnyoun was Invited to speak and
did so. Afterward the board gave him a
vote of thanks for his Interest In the
work.
BALLAST MUST BE ST7BMEBGED.
Eureka Citizens Put to Expense on
Account of Plague Scare.
The quarantine In this city has made
work and caused expense for the people
of Eureka, Humboldt County, as shown
by a letter of Inquiry sent to the Attor
ney General. The clerk of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners stated that the
United States marine hospital Inspector
had Instructed the quarantine officer of
that port to have all ballast from Infected
ports submerged In water, and the Board
of Harbor Commissioners had refused to
allow the material to be dumped Into
Humboldt Bay. as It would fill the chan
nel and Impede navigation. As foreign
shipping has also to be accommodated,
the board had decided to construct a bulk
head of piles behind which to dump the
ballast.
The question was which treasury the
expense should come out of. city or coun
ty? Deputy Attorney General William M.
Abbott has prepared an opinion which Is
to the effect that the money should be
paid out of the county treasury. Under
a decision of the Supreme Court, this ln'a
case where the county Is benefited as well
as the city, for ballast from an Infected
port. If It carries the perms of disease,
would be dangerous to the entire section
as well as the municipality.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
City Must Establish Existence of the Plague Be
fore Assistance Will Be Given— Merchants
Seeking Compromise.
NO STATE AID UNTIL THE
NEED FOR IT IS PROVED
3
2 Tired. Nervous. Dizzy and,Irrita-
; ble? Do you have Sleeplessness, a.
* Tendency to Faint and Stomach
i Derangement? These are symp-
torn. 1 " of approaching disease. Don't
' lot these symptoms overcome you.
The main cause Is impure hlood.
You need n. pood blood remedy.
Take ELE<TTROZONE. It removes
all impurities from the blood, en-
riches the corpuscles, destroys dis-
ease jjerms, tones up the system,
wards off f.-itlRue Incident to
chanpe of sfa.oorw. ':' /i.
KLECTKOZONE cures chronic
rases of years' standing of FE- ,
MALE COMPLAINTS. RHEUMA-
TISM. KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES. CATARRH. MALA-
ELECTROZONE
EASES.
RIA. NEnVOUSNESS. STOMACH
TROUBLE and ALL BLOOD DIS-
Cures by removing the Cause of
Disease.
At DnifTgistF. Jl bottle.
Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., S. F.
ADVEETISEXIENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sen'. Free to All
. Who Suffer From Any St\go
. of tho Disoas-y
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Faited
to Even Help.
Ther* r.nd b**n dtsenv^rwi bv ¦ the State
MMIcnl Institute. MS Elektrpn bulldln?. Fort
"Wayne. In<S.. the most remarkable Btood Polaon
j ctirf'evrr lizard of. It ha* cured all tuch In-
; dlrat'.ons ni mucous patches in the mouth,
i gore throat, copper colored *pcts. chancres.
1 tileorptlons en the body and in hundreds ot
cases where tbe hnlr and eyebrows bad fallen
out and the whole nkin wns .n mass of bolls,
plmplesi and ulc«rs this wonderful ir^cinc hnr
completely rtinng-ed the while oodr into a
clean, perfect condition of phyilcal lealtk.
t Every railroad runntnir Into Fort Wayne brings
ticores of fufTerers seeking this new and marv-i-
ou!< corr. and to enable those \v»o cr.nrot travel
to realize what a truly marvels* woik tte in-
stitute Is aecompllfhlns they vvll. pend free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
ever>' one can cure themselves in the privacy
of- their cwn home. This • Is* the oily known
cure for Btood Poison. Do not nesltAie to
write at -once and the free trial will *n sent
ceiiled In plain package.
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Bleed.
All the blood ia your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
£S-fS3fc 53L& blood purifiers, they ffl-
tsr out the wasts or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sick cr out
of order, they fail ta do
their work. ,
SB. 3nX2£ES'S SWAMP-HOOT.
,5^5 rt » ne Kicneys are your
t?5Lf533| 5>£Sfr?h blood purifiers, they f il-
/^^HwSoffJ] tsr out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
RSrScSiH If tilsv are sick cr out
IfeffS/ "y^Oa^ V* °* order » t^cy fail ta do
TT-WWTJjfl i Pains, aches and rheu-
/ klTislCTJ*^ rnatism cone frorn ex-
~Lji^ cess °' uric ac *^ in x^°
• • <O blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart is
over-working In pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arte'ies.
It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble. . Vj
H you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and Is sold on its merits g?jg v "_ M
by all druggists in fifty- rf*j£355K$£a^EK3!
cent and one-dollar siz- pfc-^ifriTf&F^SSa
es. You may have a** a «S!^^^5^g
sample bottle by mail Horn* of Swamp-Root,
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Blnehamton, N. Y. *
S ' rtWtVa '"""r
WHEN YOUR
HEART
FLUTTERS
Ar4 ynu have dlrzy ecryotlcns wlim you
fee! oppressed, trwrcy ar.a gloomy. It is th»n
you need
111 I], HUDTAN.
If you bare
§., J . ! headaches
7 \ \\ ¦•£*
1. t I runken *yes
. i i° ! <n*. C). a
V4 I! Pale, thin
I I I face «n K . 6).
,Ai.I- 1 a coated
\S\ I 1). stuffy
YiiS&tZr^^LX \ 1 3 >- nn-Jnact-
rfSr- ?3f ¦. » "^jS: <5lRestlon
SPfPSKks^* HUDTAN
_iJISKSj2?^i\ N V4?yJs * rin cur *
i^\4.*J i 4V $ ! \ t. V W*| »»!" ore
p^iar^ i .', -7 j? J \ .» \H 1 '8 (tig.
v»-»f w- i^f * I \( \\-, Y f> &nd you
F^\V«7 \ I V' %\V. \ hav<> «W
/.*-|\\y :1 ¦' , \ \\V,'l Mtremltiea
& WH / l'\ \ VXftl <R «- 8 >-
/' ' / ¦/ ' \ \v v't hudta.v
' *- / ! , \V \\ W H! correct
the evil.
corrects ell Oi*se rj-mrtome. twcaus» Hl'DTAN*
ftrfnphTu the w>n«i> and the nerve centers,
thereby toning sr.d r?^uiat!n<r the vatiou* or-
Fanf of the bod;-. ¦'N>nc-\Veakn«<»." when
left to purrue ltn cn-n rair»», induces h»art
cnrnplirat'cns. Ousrd e*alnM Buoh a serious
evil HL'DYAN ¦will <*ure wour Nervous I>ls-
orr?*- before organic rtrstmrtton tr.ke* place.
Ht';DYAN !D<Jurf-s refreshing rleep and plves
rne a healthful appetite. IHTDYAN makes one
fee! ItJte a n^w beins— make«= cue feel that
jifp I* worth 3Jvin». HimVAIC allays pain,
lif you ere wiak. nervous or generally run
dou : n In health, IlI'DYAN »;:i cure you.
<y<i III.'DYAX from vour drujrelst— zoe a
ra'-kape Fix pnekac** for PH. If he does
not keon it. fenrt direct to the HUDTAN REM-
KDY COMPANY, cer. fitockton. Elll» and Mar-
fcet ttreets. San Frar.c^co. Cal.
Corjsult Hudyan doctors about your case
free cf charge Call or write.
•'PLAYING HOUSE"
Is what our housewives In San Francisco
can do v.hcn their husbands, brothers and
sons send aK their soiled linens to the
United Stetes Laundry. No home work
car produce ihe immaculate and finely
polished shirt front, cuff or collar turned
out by us. Experts handle all our work,
and laces, curtains or fine linens are done
up equal to new.
"Xo saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
f Office I004 Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off ice-4-O9 12th Street.
....
ilf> $fp N warm weather like this you cer- <g|
lip lip!; tainly can fully appreciate having Sg
M$ ejy 1 ! your clothes made in a clean, light sS
g. tsmm 2nc j a j r y workshop like ours — there «||s
5f$ is satisfaction, too, in knowing that the j|p
Ipl clothes are made by white labor — this
|f|> means a good deal to you. Mark it. &$&
|H We are making to order sack suits and jp|S
|||l cutaways from <*£>
tip black cheviot mdigo blue serge *§tt
|l|l blue cheviot > new light blue serge <p£
<|iy The clothes made-to-orde: are actually worth ts?Mt$
%% more thnn $13.50 — the price we ask. Ours is a *^i%
f#X special price on a special lot of good*. When the «M>£
poods are all gone the sale ends. We can't jiet * < f^*f.
pf£ cloths again as good a? these for less than $20.03. i&«£
v^tT Get our samples and bear in mind our guarantee, tJ^f
<£j"5> which protects you : *lf&?»
3§§ tfoney returned if you want it ; or ££JJ
||p C'othes kept sn repair free for one year. S§
4&tX Out-of-town ordsrs filled— perfect fit asswsi through our TH** 1
v$M self-measuring system — writ9 for samp'es. Jk\^
|||;. 718 Market Street aid J^f
||| ' .-; m Cor. Powail and Eddy.FEATURE AT NEWPORT.
Mile Handicap Is Won Easily by Star
of Bethlehem.
CINCINXATI. June G.— The mile handi
cap was the feature of the racing at New
port to-day. Florizar was the favorite for
the event, but was all tansled up at thQ
start and did not finish Inside of the
money. Star of Belhlehem wont to the
front at the quarter pole and was never
headod. Results:
One mile, selling— Dr. S. C. Ayres won. Mid
(Clen second, Gad*en third. Time. 1:42^.
Five furlongs. Bellini; — Queen Carnival won,
Lyror Hill second, Francis Rels third. Time.
l:02H-
Six furlonfrs, selling— King Pellis won, Crin
kle second, Sachrhen third. Time, l:l. r ..
Handicap, one mile — Star of nethlehf-m
won. Charlie O'Brien second. Eitholin third.
Time. 1:41.
Four and a half furlongs— Pnrter B won,
June Gale second, Faraday Jr. third. Time,'
One mile — Osmnn won. Juneatte second, Bent
ley B third. Time, 1:23%..
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— Results at the fair
grounds:
One urlle. selling— Barrlca^iyon, Tickful sec
ond. Jake Weber third. Time; 1:44.
iUl« ajid a sixteenth, selling— Annie Oldfleid
won, CrogEmolina second, Nleverna third.
Time, 1:50%.
Handicap, Fix furlongs— Lord Xeville won,"
I.ovins Cup second. Cathedral third. Time,
1:14ft.
Mile and seventy yards— Guide Rock won,
Mnronl second, Sir Rolla third. Time, 1:46%,.
Six furlonps— Oreenock won. Harrie Floyd
pneord. La Josephine third. Time. };lf^
Six and a half furlong*, selllnp— Oueen Esther
won. Dave Waldo second. Zanetto third. Time,
l:22!i. ,
CHICAGO, June 6.— Rainy and track
heavy at Hawthorne. Results:
Seven furlonRs— Matin won, Pannazaro sec
ond. El Pilot a third. Time. 1:37V4.
Six furlongs — Nobleman won. Abe Furst sec
ond. Walkenshaw third. Tim.-. 1:20^.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Lomond won,
Forbush second, Oaillee third. Time, 1:68.
Mile and an eighth — Larkspur won. Thomas
Carey second. The Monk third. Time. 2:03^-
One mile. Belling— Cai-teke won, Trimmer sec
ond. Racivan third. Time, 1:40»a.
t=ix furlongs. Felling— Louisville won, Kitty O
second, Satan third. Time. 1:22.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The racing was
dull at Gravesend and but a small crowd
attended. Results: • ',-.j
About six furlong"— Rikkl Tikftl Tavi won.
Vulcnin second, Vesuvian third. Time. l:J9 4-5.;
Mile and an eighth— First Whip won, Kinnl
kinnfc second, Nanpen third. Time, 1:55 3-5. .
Five furlong:?— Fair Rosamond won. Cherries
eeemd. Prince Pepper third. Time. 1:02 4-5.
The G.izelle stakes, mile and a sixteenth —
Indian Fairy won, Oneck Queen second, Motley
third. Time. l:'.0.
Hteeplethasp. about two and a half miles—
Charaprace won,- Phllae second, Ronkonema
third. Time. '4:o3.
Five and a half furlorRS — Lief prince won.
Scurry second, Moor third. Time, l:0S%.
REIFFS IN GOOD FORM.
Across the Pond.
American Jockeys Take Three Races
LONDON, June 6.— At the Manchester
"Whitsuntide meeting to-day the summer
breeders' foal plate of 1000 sovereigns for
two-year-olds was won by J. Musker's bay
filly unnamed by Melton out of School
brook, ridden by L. Relff.
At the Springfield Park meeting the Im
perial stakes of l"00 sovereigns for two
year-olds was won by L. Brassey's bay
lllly Greenaway, ridden by Rlgby.
The race for the Ford Manor plate of
103 sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward resulted In a. dead heat between
Richard Croker^s The Scotchman II, with
J. Reiff up, and W. Duke'a Stamina, by
Green Tom.
The Eden welter handicap of 130 sover
eigns for three-year-olds aand upward
was won by Ixird Provost, with J. Relff
up.
The Grange handicap of 150 sovereigns
for three-year-olds and upward resulted
in a dead' heat between T. R. De war's bay
or brown horse Perthshire, by Royal
Hampton out of Mentone, and Mr. Duke's
Fetersfield II, by Peter Flower, out of
Variety.
CINCINNATI ADVANCES.
New York Team Drops Back Into the
% Last Place.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Hubs— I "Clubs—
Philadelphia 24 13 .649|Chlcago 19 19 .500
Brooklyn.... 21 15 .CSS I Boston......', 15 19 .441
Pittsburir.... 22 19 .536 Cincinnati... 14 22 .3*3
St. Louis 19 18 .513'New York... 13 22 .371
BROOKLYN, June 6,— Three hits and five
errrrs save Brooklyn five runs In the third In
ning to-day and won the same. Kennedy was
In fine fettle. hoIdlnK Chicago to five hits.
thr<*e of which were bunched in the fourth.
Attendance, 1700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 6 6
Brooklyn 8 8 1
Batteries— Garvln and Donohue; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpire— O' Day.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The New York team
to-day Rave a poor exhibition of ball ' at the
Polo Grounds, and the Clncinnatls won the
final same of the scries. Attendance, . 10C0.
Cincinnati "!!'.1!!"!!"'I!!'.'.!!1!1.11 14 .3
Batteries — Doheny, Hawley and Warner;
Breitenstein and Peltz. Umpire— Emslle.
BOSTON, June 6.— The Bostons started to
bat Hughey with" a rush to-day, but. after the
recond inning they could '.-hit him effectively
In only one inning.' when two singles and a
two-bagger scored one run. : ; Cuppy retired in
favor of .'Willis in the fourth. Attendance,
720O. Score; X' <¦-:
-Clubs— >.*.'.*- R. H. E.
Ttoston 6 10 4
st. LouIb :.;... .12 14 3
Batteries— Cuppy, Willis and Clarke; Hughey
and Robinson. Umpire— Swartwood.
PHILADKLPHIA. June «.— PittsburR won the
last game of the series with Philadelphia by
good work at the bat. Both Waddell and Orth
pitched well, but the latter was unfortunate in
allowing the visitors to bunch their hits. At
tend? nee, 4193. Score:
Club.-.— R. II. K.
PfttsburK 16 10 1
Philadelphia 3- 8 l
Batteries— Waddell and Zlmmer; Orth and
DouKlass. Umpire— Hurst.
American Association Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 6.— Minneapolis 6. In
dlananoliR S.
KANSAS CITY, June 6.— Kansas City 8, Buf
falo 6.
MILWAUKEE. June 6.— Milwaukee 3, De
tiolt 0.
CHICAGO, June 6.— Chicago-Cleveland np
came; rain. • ¦ ;
Bound for Nome.
PORTLAND. Or., June 6.— The steamer
Dispatch ealled to-night -for Cape Nome.
The Dispatch carried about thirty passen
gers, nearly 500 head of livestock and sev:
eral hundred tons of merchandise and
mining machinery. •
Rest Assured beat T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tra
iee, 5-0: T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat M. J.
Welch's Lady Norborne, 3-2: J. P. Thrifts St.
Michael boat D. Winder's Lundin Links, 6-.'>:
.T. Potter's Remus beat Chlarini Brothers'
Ranee, S-O; J. Anthony's I'atriut beat Curtis
St Son's Blackctte, 12-S; J. J. Kenney's Wln
nir^ I.«ss l>eat \\'. C. Glasson's Sleig-h Bells,
4-2: F. A. McComb's One Spot beat I'. O'Dowd's
Cascade. 3-0.
Second round— Rude Awakening beat Mlra
Monte. S-3; Wanda beat' Olympus. S-2: Merci
less beat Minnie Wa Wa, 4-2; Mamie PTeaMnt
beat Merciful, 5-0; Metallic beat Santonin, 16-3;
Rr.ya! I'nion beat Challenger, »-2; Forget h?at
Reannex, 5-0; Apamemnon beat Grafter, 2-0;
Silver Lynn beat Fireball. S-I; Htorm King beat
Koyal I^a«ly. 11-6; Auokiand beat Gladiator, 6-2;
Re?t Assure.! beat Si!ve r Win??, 3-2: St. Mi
chael beat Thornhill, ">-2; Patriot beat Remus,
S-4: Winning' Lassie beat One Spot. 5-2.
Third n-und— Rude Awakenir.p beat Wanda,
E-0; Mamie Pleasant beat Merciless. 7-0; Royal
I'nion beat Metallic. t-Xl Agamemnon l^eat For
get. Z-ti Silver Lyon bpat Storm King, 3-1;
Auckland boat Rest Assured, 5-5, 4-0; Patriot
teat St. Michael. 4-0; Winning Lassie a bye.
Fourth round — Mamie Pleasant beat Rude
Awakening. 4-0; Royal T'nion beat ARamemnon,
T-0: Auckland beat Silver Lyon, S-4: Patriot
b«-at Winnlns I>asKie, 2-0.
Fifth round— Mamie Pleasant beat Royal
Union. C-l; Auckland beat Patriot. 2-0.
l>e-^<11nic- -cours-e-T-Connell Brothers" Mamie
Pleasant (Sliyrocket-Buenretlro) beat J. Car
roll's "Auckland iLord Itos^berry-pee Saw). 5-0.
Champion Dogs Entered.
Two stakes, -with a total of IIS grey
hounds entered, were drawn last night at
Pythian Castle by the management of
Union Coursing Park. The prize money
to be coursed for totals $915. The only
train on Saturday will depart from Third
and Townsend streets at 11 a. m. The
draw resulted as follows:
Cla?s stake, fourteen entries— D. Winders'
Risky Attfrr.pt vs. J. J. Kenney's Hot Haste;
I'asha Kernels' Metallic vs. E. M. Kellojfg's
Kid McCoy: Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs.
J. P. Thrift's Brutus; Curtis & Son's McKIn
ley vs. G. W. Heintz's Herschel'e Pride; n. K.
de B. Ixipez's Whitehead vs. Kussell, Allen
A.- Wilson's Master Clair; Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus w: F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; Cur
tis & Bon'i Vulcan vs. F. A. McComb's Sir
Pafha.
Keserve stake, 104 entries— R. E. de B.
L"!>ez"s Diablo vs. J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot;
J. Hurleys O K Capitnl vs. R. Strehl's Three
<:heers; J. Potter's liemus vs. Erwin & Lyons'
Silver Lyon; W. Crt-amer's Jesse Moore vs.
Oirtis & Sun's Candelaria; M. J.' O'Neill's
Pat Reilly vs. J. Hurley's Hurricane; J. J.
Ker.ney's Winning Laesie n. Curtis & Son's
Shadow; .T. McNeil's Blackhawk vs. O. I>ahu
sen's Firefly; F. Schou's SmugRler vs. RuBsell.
Allen •&¦ Wilsoa's Juliua Caesar; Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon vs. C O. Pejorson's Silver
Cloud; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs. J.
Logan's Leah; M. J. Kelly's Night Time vs. J.
Hyrr.es' Olympus; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Be!le Clair vs. Aeneid Kennels' Maid of L"rin;
M. Walsh's Handicap vs. Pasha Kennels' Gold
'Nugget; Pasha Kennels' Msfy Hempstead vs.
J. M. Halton's Tic- Tar; A. Johnson's Low
lander vs. F. A. McCorr.b's Little Sister: Pajha
Kennels' Hude Awakening vs. It. E. de R
Lopes'! Carrnencife; Curtis & Scn"a Anchor vg.
J. llartenet's Bernal Boy; J. Martenet's Slim
vs. t'. Cronin's Master Gordon; J. Watklns'
MercllesB vt. J. Watklns' Gladiator; H. A.
I)e<-ke!man'» Rocker vs. J. I. .o'Urten's Wan
dering T«>m; J. H. W. Muller"s f'rui.«cr vs.
Steri & Know'es' For Glory; M. Uunlea's Krin
vs. K. M. Kello^R'R Hen's Mnbe; J. I'otter's
Romulus vs. J. Moriarity's Kittleman; J. Km
nan's Mlra Monte vs. T. Logan'H Miss Grizzle;
a. Sharman'e Wait a. Bit v«. F. A.' McComb'a
Storm Kins: T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee vs.
It. E. de B. Lodz's Hara; .1. L. Koss' Just Tip
vs>. Sullivan & Tr.i'tK.r's My Selection; J. Hur
ley's Shylock Boy vs. O. Sliarman'w Bowery
Boy; I'apha Krnnels* Rest Assured vs. G.
Hliarman's Walt a Uttiej J. I. O' Brian's
Stat^yman vs. E, M. Kf Horn's Iowa Boy; J.
L. Ross 1 J L R vk. H. KdeU'a Dempsey Lass:
H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs. Miu-phy &
Parkinson's Crawford Lass; J. Moriarity's
Sr.aprxr Garrison vs. Murphy & Parkinson's
Ben Lomond; E. M. Kello^lf's Sweet Emma vs.
F. A. McComb's Patriot; Curtis & Son'8 Com
mo<!cr«> vs. P. Cronin'g Ix>ar King; Sterl &
Kr.owles 1 Rus-ty Gold vs. J. IlyrneB' Battle
ship; J. Martenet'n Sally Brass vs. P. Win
ders' Random Aim: T. J. Cronin'H Thornhlll
v«>. I^ande 4- Gfrber"s Rlenzt: K. B. de B.
I^opez's V.'anOa vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Lady Emma; Sterl & Know'es" Sleety Mist
vs. R, Roberts' Coronado; EL Reilly'g Hoot
Mon vs. G. Abercromhie's Victor Klnp; F. A.
KcComb's One Spot vs. Sterl & Knowles"
Ollara; .1. Martenefs Bill Poster vs. XV. C.
GI&tfKon'p Santonin; Sullivan At Tralnor's Castle
Island Boy vs. Curtis & Sun's Old Glory; Erwin
& Lyons' Silver Wlnjrs vb. W. C. Glasson's
SleiRhl>»lls; I). Shannon's Strand of Gold vs.
H. A. I>eckelman"s Glen «'hloe: N. P. Whitins'a
St. Anth/>ny vs. F. Schou's King's Borderer;
P. J Reilly's The Grafter vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Olita; J. I'. Thrift's Forget vt>. J. P. Thrift's
Tired Out: J. P. Thrift's Tar Hill vs. J. Wat
kin?' Merciful: .1. P. Thrift's The Jester vs.
I). Winders' Lundln Links; W. Creamer's On
ward vs. H. Sliver's Reanuex.
The midweek sport this afternoon at
Ingleslde Coursing Park will be supplied
by a forty-eight doj* stake of higher class
than usual. Coursing will commence at 12
o'clock.
Conncil Pros." black and -white grey
hound, Mamie Pleasant, scored her firFt
r.inninpr »>rackrt at 1'r.icn Coursing Park
ycFK-rday fn the tn!<] wcok stake. Her
Blnmlllff was a surprise to the srwetntors,
as .-he ran two extra courses. Thes?
came in the fourth round, when she mot
Pasha Kennels' Itude Awakening. The
dess arere Jiret unsighted and were sent
lack to slips. This time they ran an un
decided course, each peering 3 points. At
*.!:<' Third attempt Mamie Pleasant won
cjuickly, shutting out her opponent.
The fhR-wd <1ivf=ion evidently ftgaired
that she had ruined her clipjices for the
etake. In the next round she met Judgre
P. J. Rtiily's Royal Union, the latter he-
Ing Installed favorite at odds of SVi to 1.
r.iii:ni^ Pu::isaiit s!;o«fd superior j=i>t>ed all
the way and won hnr.dily by a score of
6 to 1. She was again restored to favor
in the final bv the bettors, when she was
fa\orite at 2'j to L She justified these
oeds in the running: of the course by win
ning all the way, scoring 5 points to noth
ing. Aui kian<i fill h< avlly during the
course, but this mishap did not affect the
outcome of the coursfe. The winner Is a
siiJttx to Beacon. Curtis & Son's blue flyer.
The lirst two rounds prmidod the usual
upsots. The most iu:irl:o<1 of these was
the defeat of Mlnn> -Wa Wa by Merciless
at 9 to 1. Forget proved too fast for Re
annex, boating her at 5 to 1. Merciless
also uefeau-d Over th<» Uordc-r at 2rs to 1:
Kiroball beat Tired Out. 3 to 1; Royal
J-a.iy boat Scotch lice!. 2 to 1: St. Michael
beat Lundin Links. 6 to J, and Winning
% Lassie beat Sleighbells, 2 to 1.
The detailed result* with Judge John
Grace's ojiiclal .scores follow:
J. Kernan's Mira Monte tjeat K. Cassfrly's
Silence. 6-2; Pasha Kennels' Kude Awakening
beat J. Potters Rorr.ulus. 10-1; U. lu. de 15.
Lupez't; Wanda beat Cunnel! Ilrotl'.ers' Dun
more, 5-1: J. Byrnes' OlTBUNU beat M J.
VfHh's HIIMaJe. 4-0; R. E. de U. I>>r>e)t's
Minnie YVa Wa iwat T. J. Cronin'e ilaid of
Ball, «-S; J. '.Viitliins' Mrrcile?s Inat Lnwf &
Thompson'* Over the Border, r-1: J. Watklns'
Mrroltul brat T. J. (^onin's I>ai?y Dale. 3-0;
Conrwll Iirnth«^rs' Mamff Pleasant b^at G.
Atwrcrcmble'p Miss U'.c hmor.d. lu-2: \V. <".
Olasson'« Fantonin beat <7hiarlnJ nrothPre'
I'altnyra. 5-4; i'asha K«nn«Ie* Metallic b^at
Oondrcy & Riupht's FSyin/? Creet. .*.-0; P. J.
K'illys Coyt] '-nlon Ivat J. nvrnes 1 Battle
f+:i>. o-4: M. U.:..u> CfcallfriKer- »>eat P. Mc
("abp's Bauer Boy, i-f>: n. Silver's Uear.nei
Ix-at M. llichilfki't Terror.a. «-S; J. p. Thrift's
F"i-Sft l>rat .1. Ilyrn»s - Eieven pr»ot. 3-<>; Aenel.i
K^r.neJs' ARan><»TK!ior. beat J. 1. O'Rrien's Wan
.icrlrs Tom. 4-:: P. J. Reilly's Grafter beat
J. P, ThriffF Tar Hili. 6-<">:-G. Kahus^n'F Fire
ball heat J. P. Thrift's TlrM Out. 6-3; Erwin
& Lyon's Kllvpr Lyon b»at M. B. Kavanaugh's
Hani Lines 5-3; Comirey &¦ nouphf* Royal
Ladv beat Ijc.v^^ & Thnmps=nn"F Srotoh K<^c!.
'-1: F. A. UcCbenb'a Ptcrm KIr.p bf>at Curtis
& Fnn's Phadotr. &-4: J. r a rro!i'F Auoktnnd h««at
R. Rob^rtB* Lady Hulda. fi-1; J. Waiklnn' Glai":
iat^r beat G. BuehrTs Monofiram. 7-2: Krwln &
Lynn's Hilver Wines a. br<?, I'ai=ha Kennels'
May II^mr'5:f.-!'i withdrawn: !'a?ha Kennels'
Wins Handily From the
Greyhound From
Australia.
MAMIE PLEASANT
BEATS AUCKLAND
AT UNION PARK
Sneclal r>ier>atch to The Call.
BUTTER CREEK, .June 6.-A flshlns
party of thirteen left" Plymouth, this
county, yesterday, afternoon- for a point
three miles below Michigan Bar on the
Cosumnc River.' Reaching there, two of
trie party, Charles Phillips of Sacramento
and Miss Jennie Vanderpool, a school
teacher at Spring Valley, near Plymouth,
began wading In the river along the bank
and ietepped into a deep hole and their
companions tried In vain to save them.
The river -was running swiftly between
hlprh walls and the two were quickly lost
slKht of. This was at 7 o'clock, and al
though many people were searching Phil
lips' body was found at l» o'clock this
morning and Miss Yanderpool's a few
hours later. was 21 years of age
lie- was visiting two murried brothers and
a sister at Plymouth. Miss Vanderpool
was 24 years of age.
SACRAMENTO. June G.-Both Charles
Phillips and M'ss Jennie Vanderpoal. the
victims of the'Cosumnp River tragedy,
were well known in Haoramciito. JJp to
within a week of his death Phillips had
been in the employment of the firm ni
Ins & Allee, druggists, and it was his in
tention to resume his pti'dies in phar
macy at the State University in a short
time. He was the son of Mr. and Mrs.
S. H. Phillips of 1SO» Fourteenth street,
this rity. with whom he made his home.
Miss .Vanderpool is a graduate of a lo
cal business college and up to a few
months ago was a stenographer in the
office of Hale Bros, in this city. She re
turned to her old home at Plymouth to
take a poHltlon as a schoolteacher.
Both victims of the drowning had many
friends in this city who spoke of them
in the highest terms. Phillips was an un
usually (iuiet and studious young man
and he gave promis.? of becoming ver>
proficient in his chosen field.
Tragedy Interrupts Frolics
of a Party of Thirteen
Picnickers.
YOUNG COUPLE
MEET DEATH IN
THE COSUMNE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, l»00.
SHE HAS HAD OFFERS
TO SING IN OPERA
Mrs. Grace Morei Dickman, Who Will Sing- To-Ni^ht f
<fi\ r$ RS. GRACE MOREI DICKMAN will to-night make her first appearance
//\7\l iR San Francisco since her return. She will sing- at Metropolitan Tcm-
II ik \> e * n a conct ' rt given under the auspices of the Sunday Lecture Associa
tion. Mrs. Dickman has recently returned from Paris and London,
where she has been studying for three years, with Juliani and Boiihy In Paris.and
Randcggcr in London. Considerable interest manifested In the reappearance of
the fair singer, who, It Is understood, has received the most flattering offers to
so on the operatic stage. She will sing the "Stances de Sapho," from Gounod's
4
The bathn and delicious mineral water
of the well-known
SARATOGA SPRINGS
lire a part of the pleasure and also a
part of the- health of this popular place.
J. MARTEN'S, propr.. Fachelor V. O..
Lak» Co.: city office. 416 Fin» st.
F^/\^\OUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* water* are noted for their tnous&nda oC
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
PoUoninr. Uver anfl Kidney Diseases. Neurcl-
rla. Prapepila and all Bladder aad Uiinar/
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. MagnlQcenc
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flsh-
ln». • No fos;». Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rate*. »12 to S14 per wwt Train*
leare Third and Towntend «tre«t». S. B*.. 9 «-
m. and I:i5 p. m. dairy. OarrJaffM at Ollroy
f«.r sprlasa. B"or Illustrated oamphleta address
. R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In ta« raldft or gw\& and imprasalTa
mountain icenery. with Mount Sbuta
«sd the Cngt lor a
backzround.
FINES &TTNTINO ANO FISHTNO.
Uuarpa»e4 cuSsln* «xJ servico and rea*co-
at>"» rate*.
RAILHOAD FARE, roual trla» lnctudla*
sleeper bo(h ways. 914.
7or rmtea. terms and r-th*-r information ad-
dress: E. B. PTXHrr. Manager.
, Car* Paetfle Imrrovetaent Company.
Crocker Bulldlnc San FraJiclsco.
ADVEBTISEMEWTS^
1A/HO ©
ARE §
AFFLICTED i
o
May test our treatment before Q
they pay us any money. No _©
other doctors have sufficient con- "©
fidencc in their methods to ac- g
tually undertake a cure on these q
conditions. Q
Better Tbsn a Written Guarantea. |
The price of a cure, which is ©
always reasonable, may be placed ©
in any San Francisco bank, to be ®
returned to the patient if a cure
is not effected, or may be paid q
monthly. - - . ©
We. could not afford to do busi- ©
ness oil this plan unless we knew ©
¦ from ACTUAL EXPERIENCE ©
' that we can cure any case weun- ;g
dertake? ;.-.:' ¦...;.¦>.¦. ¦¦,'¦¦ X- ¦¦¦¦.V. ; ."•*¦'./.©
V We Cure the Following Ailments : |
Private Diseases Lost Manhood q
Kidney Diseases Kle«p!essness q
Bladder Diseases Nervous Debility q
A'arlcocele General Debility 5£
Heart Di^ases Kupture . J?
SijIim 1 Diseases \ Blood Poison
We restore all patients as §
quickly as is consistent \vitlf a "¦©
permanent cure. We never' use et
remedies that leave any injurious O
effects on the system, and avoid ©
unnatural stimulants, electric g
belts or anything else of a dan-
gerous nature. , £>
We furnish all necessary reme- <£
dies and appliances free to pa- ®
tients. ©
. H0R13 Cures. Free Book. S
Thousands of men arc cured at ©
hqme every year. If you cannot S
visit San Francisco, write for free q
private book, advice, question list, q
etc. All correspondence confiden- Q
tial. ©
ADVICE AND CONSULTATION FREE. ®
m MARKET STREET, ©
SAN FRANCISCO. O
Etevator jSSgSi&S I
Entrance. %^£° |
¦ v ,
INVESTIGATE FIRST;
BUY AFTERWARD!
Thjeo you will Know. Get our
prospectus; it tells tbe story.
Ophir Oil Stock
At 50 cents per share Is
the best bargain In oil II)
Callforola to-day. SPLEN-
DID LOCATION. RESPON-
SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIR OILCOMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angel ps Office, 402 Douglas Block.
' ? ' . ' H •
GAPE" NOME
A1ACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
t/WJf\f 8_| Were successful at Nome last
l\l\Uun rnr. All ethers failed. In opera-
, tlon dally. » Stevenson St.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
I 1 fFCAM Gold dredglnr pumps, the only
tf AvIV^Uil successful pump manufactured.
625 Sixth St..; Ban .Francisco.
COLD SAVF.R.
Don't rush oft to Nome. with a toy sold ma-
chine; examine the Common-sense Gold Saver.
JOHN M. • MOONEY, 624 Elizabeth St.; Cas-
1 trq-Bt.'carB.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.", Washington
and lbt Ets., Oakland, cr Builders' lix., S. F.
Moet &
Cfyandoii
The Largest and Oldest Champagne House la
the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvce), of excep-
tional bouquet and dry dryness.*
— Court Journal.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 'A'M Market St.. S.F.
The Weekly Call.
c/ It PuM'sh^i the Cream of ttw
T) News or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
©S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
rJ PAPER ON THfi
~J 1 PACIFIC COAST
O< ~
"J The Best \ / Mining
°^ Telegraphic \s' News That
c>< Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / ; \& up to ddt j
* — ¦••;"
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o< or Faky, and Not a Line of
gJ it Dry or Uninteresting.
O< Bright. Clean. A Ctiampiou •(
) TbaujbtfuU TrutJi.
O< A CAirrORNM NEWSPAPEB
n ; AU.TKETl.ML
D n ADVOCATES I SLVT BY
t \HOMt MAIL. SI
C^ WOLSTiUES 1 A \SJkU. , vi
V
Enlarged to 16 Pa^cs
TOURISTS can get first-class riga from H. A.
ELDRED, Vkiah. for all summer resorts, .it
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. N~ M.
GLEX OAKS RANCH — Nlco surroundings:
comfortable rooms: Rood table; convenient
location. Addiws F. QTTIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
KETSER & WATSON. Hopland. ccnvey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. KelseyvUle. Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
PLEASANT VXE"W HOTEL— Iron and Magnesia
Springs. These celebrated springs adjoin Bart-
lett Springs. Fishing; hunting; home cook-
In"- good beds; $' 50 to $10 wk. : cottages for
hkp'g. MRS. H. HOPPIN. Eartlett Spg*.. Cal.
BANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, flv*
miles from Santa Crua: delightful summer
home In redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit: good table; terms IS SO week. Addre**
W. CRANDET.K Banta Crux. CaL
MftWTE VICT A OPEN MAT 1st: ?cn« o£
fllUn IE Ylj! A fruit: help yourself: Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MOR4XAN. Dutcik
Flat. Cai.
FOR AN OUTING..,,
VI?'T OXE or THE MAXT MXERAL
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California. . . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
Lessee of'sAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANT.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If you rrofer the pfmpTe hAme life Of the
Ranch. fr*e from fashion's restraints, there
are many in our section from which to choose.
But If you would . rather the tent In some
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of pome beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of. charee.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Just
Issued by .the Company, r'vlr.jr Oarrr-lni* Loca-
tions, lintels. Mineral Sprtnir Resorts, and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
hcrres, where Board for the Summer caa be se-
cured at from f5.<3 to JS.OO per week.
T!<-t,-f? Office. 650 Market street fC'.->n!;!e
building). . .
General Office. Mutual Life bnildlnc. San-
Bome and California streets, San Franciscp. r
H. C. WHITING.
General Manager.
R. X. RTAN.
General Passenger A sent.
The Way People
enjoy themselves at
* ¦ Paso Robles Hot Springs
sou would think that all come for mere
pleasure. Many come for the absolute
benefit to be derived from the healing,
i hpalthrffivintr lint Mineral Mud. Sul- -
phur and Hot Sand IJaths.. as wvil as to
¦ get away from the winds and fogs of tha
coast.- '
1 Eve^y- modern convenience at the hot»l.
Rates for hotel, baths and physician.
$10 to $21" a week.
SPECIAL HOTOD-TRI? REBATE TICKET3.
For further information apply to
FRANK W. KLY. City Asent,
Tel. Red 2?,36. 640 Market «t.. S. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor. P»s».Eohlti. Cal.
I -' ' . , - 1
PARAISO ROT SP2IN0S, CoHs A b^r° 5 L
Monterey County. Cal..— For health. re«t.
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-date
accommodatiors: beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank SO16O feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: ch'.l-
<3ren f » playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre-hall; lanre hotel and SO cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for famlllea: all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
vend streets. San Francisco, 9 m. m.; First and
Broadway, Oakland, 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad' then by staee over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring*. Round-trip tickets. IS. at 9.
P office. «U Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAUI/T.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
.
D*,^^** The Sinitarlum 0'
DVrOn the Coast. The b?v j
U physicians recorn-
1 ilOl. m-nd it as the onlv
_ # cure for rheumatism
VrifinnQ ""I rn.-»laris.
Op» IBIM-^9 Address A. BETTEXS.
M^r. Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
City Offloe, Room 30. 56'Oary street.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mlle« from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waten. champagne baths: only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprlncs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REPTJTMTrrEn * CO.. Proprietors.
CIZ/\ rf"»r»C HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OI\./A1lVlO County: only 4H hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
Ftacln*: waters noted for medicinal virtue*:
bc»t natural bath In State: grand mountain
ccenery; good trout streams at door; telephone,
telejn-aph: dally mall and express: KIR9T-
CLAFS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco onlv SS 60. Take Tihuron ferry
¦» I'M a. m. or S:SO p. m. Terms. {2 a day or
tl> a week. P.eferences— Any guest of the past
fl«e years; patronaee rnn^tnntlv Increasing.
J. V. MTJLORETV. Proprietor. .
OPENS MAT Int. Round Trip. S3 75. Send far
circulars FREESE & JUERGEX3EN,
Proprietors. City offlce. 918 Larkln street.
Kl.AMATM HOT SPRFNGS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State—
¦ Fhovel Creek. 13 miles for ca?tin?. Hunting-*
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EPSON BROS
Proprietors. Beswick. Sisklyou Co.. CaL
INDEPENDENCE I- f\ K E
In the heart of ths Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fljhing. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. . Address MRS. II M.
CLEMONS. Virginia City. Nev.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- ffiSSS-S
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort aa well aa belna a
fully equlnped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at ft. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. >«w hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. p.. Lak e County. Cal.
FI RION'TF HHTFI JX)3 gatos. cai.-
CL lIlUil IE HU I CLi Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommada-
.tlons. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train; 53 miles
from San Francisco. Fare. SI 65. •
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liard:.- lawn- tennis, croquet. - Strictly first-
Class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J, UarU&a.
X//^Cl^JW[I T I T F r S 3^ hours from San
YUOOVH 1 El Francisco, via the Bi»?
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chtoese Station
ca line Sierra R- It dally. Hound trip fironi
Ban Francisco 132. For further Information call
cr address WM. J. WHITE. General Ag^at.
630 Market at.. S. F.: telephone Main 51S2.
LAUREL DELL LAKE,
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Beating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writ© for
circular to H. WAMBOLTX
Laaret Dell. Laks County. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE— '^ffS^o 1 *
ttagn line. G^>d trout fish'.cjr: plenty fruit.
cr«am and rallk: free conveyance for partiea of
two or more: srran«! redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Peaview. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MB. KRU3E. 207 Front St.. for particular*.
A SEATTLE ENGIVEER.
PrATTLT^. V.-a?fc.. January V 1300
ELJ3CTBOZOS-E MFO. CO- This is
to <-*rt:.'y that in November. l"st»3 I eo-n-
menoed to take Elrctrorcne. for' twrlous
Homacb trouble that caused me much
FUfTeDr-g for years, during which time
I Bp«lt hundreds of dol!ar« for rel
I iff with no rwult«. To ray surrH.»e or.e
bottle of El»>i~tro7.or<> curM-me. Vou mav
Ii5«e thlF as you w-p fit. Vr-un, trulv
X. T. LAM PH ERE. 17SI Western Ave.
FXECTP.OZOXn 1IFO. CO — Gentle-
men: I had beon troubled with dyswrwia
and W* of appetite ft.r over a year prior
to ftrrt :..».!..¦ your remedy. In Novem-
ber, 'its, st was recomraended to m« by
your acquaintances, and took two bnttles.
which eocBjAetHf cured nio. 1 f P t t re l
lipvpfl aftfr one day-p taking. I have told
fc-veral trtenJs al>r,ut the rerr.»rty who
wore similarly B!R!rt«i, and they were
helped In evf-ry case, and I am confident
that if taken with regularity It will In
every case effect & cure. Very trulv
¦CIIA6. A. COLE. MSouthlprlnist.
A MERCHANT.
CAUSES :
Most people are familiar with the
causes of .Dyspepsia: Excesses in
eating and drinking; the excessive
use of alcoholic liquors, which in-
flame the linir.j? of the Ftomach. im-
pure blood, nervejs derangement,
palpitation of the heart, trembling
in the pit of stomach, loss of flesh,
restl(=-?sness, depression of spirits.
mental UUl physical apathy, a weak
and liabby condition of the muscles,
a ter.dernees In the region of the
stotnacn felt upon pressure, rough,
dry, hot or dry burr.ins skin; loss of
appetite, acidity of the stomach,
heartburn, vomiting and flatulence.
DYSPEPSIA
CAN BE CURED.
r>" not puffer with this distressing
disease, but be sure to take the
proper treatment. ELECTROZONE
Is generally known as the best rem-
edy 'because it will positively cure
Dyep - psia quickly and permanently,
it hap been prorea by the many tes-
timonials to be the most effectual of
all remedies. No one need sniffer
from any form of stomach trouble
that will take ELECTROZONEL
DyppopsSa. although a common
Oteease. often baffles the physician.
This is not to be wondered at when
¦Re consider the circumstances only
under which perfectly healthy diges-
tion Is assured. Tor this' function
are required: * Fir=t. a proper, quan-
tity and quality of food; Fccond,
proper mastication and salivary se-
cretion; third, a healthy condition of
the muscular coats of the stomach;
fourth, a proper quantity and qual-
ity of the secretions of the stomach,
Uver and Intestines: and, fifth, a con-
secutive and harmonious action of
the inu-Ftinal canal. Any interfer-
ence with one or moT of these condi-
tions may produce I>yspepsla.
ELECTROZONE
is a
Positive Cure
for Ml Stomach
Troubles.
KLK<;TI:OZONE, Kend for pamphlet to
At I>ruEgitta, KLECTROZOXE
Jl Bottle. UFO. CO., 8. F.
CARLSBAD g^Bflfe 1 :
Most beautiful «pct Jn Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach. Uver. kXdney
and bladder affections. Accommodations nrae
class: '4IO a week; lighted by gas.
TV. R. 1TOOVERN. KelseyvUle. lake Co.
Central California |
Ban Joi>e Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome 1» Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Wine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly tnndern and first-clas3
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery et.. San
Francisco, or addrers
GEO. P. SNELU Mgr.. San Jose. Cal. !
iicpiSi
. Pacific Ccaf-t Steamship Co. San Franrlsco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle. Tacnma and.
other port" of call an* return. \1 days 1 trip. .
' 6an Fraacirro to Seattle and the^ Inland Pas-
ea?e to Sknscua- over tha White. Pass Railway,
dow.i the. Yukon to Nome, returning by oo«ar;.
?0 to" 2T) dayr trip. ''."'.
Ran Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21. via Juneau. Skaguay, Glacier
Hay 'and the Inland I'assaKe, In sight of Mt.
St. KItati, via ' Unimah Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
const, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40 j
days' trip. i
Full particulars ir, pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Ivv urslonR - Tickpy/itnce. 4 New Montgomery.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
' IV,' Hours' Ride From Los Aneeles; Cal..
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WKST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Flshlnjt Tour-
nament, aueolces the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL MF.TROPOLE and COUNTRY CX.TIB,
always open.' Oolf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
€21 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
?22 South Pnrln* nt.. Lo* Antrele*. Cnl.
. — |
Dr. C. C. O'DonnelPs Mirierial Springs
At Glen Ellen Is the best, camping, picnic and
pleasure resort on the Const. The great?st i
remedy for Iuhr ill?pa?e, liver and stomach j
pomplalnti". rheumatism and catarrh in the t
world; 46 miles from. S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. find N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottagpa and tents furnlshM:
' rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
pnrk. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL. office 1021H
Markot Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh, S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada, near Coif ax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. MS miles from San Francisco: $8 a
week- open all year: eend for booklet. Address
ORClUnD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. CaJ. ¦ ¦
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE BANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
tire and health-seekers. Boating, Kwimmlng,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bo-wllng alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses., su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco S3.00. Full Information at Traveler offlce,
K Montgomery St., or B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond, Cal.
CAUFORNU'HOT -? P." ING * Lul £{&£
Springs; new management;' a placn of comfort
all seasons; 46 miles from San Francisco, via
Tiburon Ferry. Railroad station on hotel
grounds; extpnslve swimming tank; $1P 50 and
up per week:- round-trip $1 10 on Sunday.
COOPKR & STEWART, Agua Callcnte. Cal.
b.b;' TOCALOMA, *&"
BERTRAND HOTEL—First-cIass accommo-
dations: reasonable rates; for famlles and par-
ties: fishing, bathing, beatuttful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pairs
shoe store, 324 Kearny St.. S. F.
DUNC4N SPRINGS HOTEL
unequaled • soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland.
Mendoclno County, Cat..
Near Santa Rosa: among the OAK
Rlncon Hills: home comforts and qu » r> c
the best of country life. For SnADE
circulars address HARRY JL. RANCH
JONES, Santa Rosa. *
VVALDRUHE,
Bonotna Mountains, ifixcellent accommodations
for famlllea and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUN'ING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and l.arkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family, Hotel.
MRS.' M. MERRT. ProDrietress.
THE ':GEYSeRS,-'S™£
ONE OF NATURE'S. WONDERS.
¦ Naturnl steam baths, swimming. - tlsblng
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. il
WERTHEIMER Manager. -
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.^ - .
JL. POI.T.MAJiN. Kapa Soda Spring* P, Q.
H1CHUWB SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER, Mere.
Ralraralng Tanks. Bowling Alleys, Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Oold Mineral
. Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (»o many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— $10. |I2 and $14 per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottasres. lathfd and pla3tered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancinij In Kallrocm every evening; Georsr
W. Watson. Danclntr Teacher. Tennis aud Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 318 Montgomery street.
Highland Sprines Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO.,
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland:
AHRENB, PEIN & BULL.WINKLE, 6M, Post
street, San Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery St.. Kan Francisco.
f&£& fa < : ;-?- /u- |W
.. ' » =^^ ; " —la advocacy of the foregoing plan I. J.
Truman Jr.. chairman, of the joint com
mittee, declared that it -was the result of
several nigHts' labor and the considera
tion of many suggestions from. a .variety
of sources. He had no sooner concluded
than A. Ruef was' on his feet to present
what he said was a better and: a fairer
plan. He objected to the recommenda
tions of the Joint committee on the ground
that they did not recognize the supremacy
of- the County Committee In local organ
ization. • failed to establish any kind of
centralization and gave to the committee
men in each district the power to carry
Ruef Submits a Substitute.
Article 7. Special meetings of the club may
be celled by the president when in his opin
ion the same are required, and must be called
by him upon the written request of twelve
members, which request must state the objects
for which said special meeting is to be held.
Should the president at any time fall to call
a speciaJ meeting on the petition *f . twelve
members, it shall be within the discretion of
the executive commltteeman to call the mem
bers of the club together for the purpose of
transacting the business specified In the call.
At least twenty-four hours' notice shall be
given of all special meetings.
Article 8. Notice of the official organization
of all Assembly District Republican Clubs
shall be filed with the secretary of the Re
publican County Committee as soon as effected
and not later than the first Wednesday In July.
Article 6. After the club has b^en fully or
ganized. It may then, and not before, resume
the enrollment of members.
Article 5. The election of all permanent offi
cers shall be by ballot on a rollcall of the mem
bers, and no persons shall be permitted to
vote except such as are enrolled as aforesaid. ¦'
Article 4. The first business In order shall
be the election of permanent officers for the
term of one y*>ar — a president, first and second
vice presidents, a secretary and a treasurer —
after which the president shall have authority
to appoint all members of standing committees
created from time to time by the club, sub
ject to the approval of a majority of the mem
bers present at the meeting at which said ap
pointments are submitted.
Article 3. The rolls shall remain open for
one or more nights, when the oreranlzlns and
canvassing committee shall notify the persons
enrolled of the tune ond place Of the organiza
tion of the club, and at such time, and place
the 'executive commltteeman for the district,
or a County Commltteeman designated by him,
shall call the meeting to order and act as tem
porary chairman and appoint a temporary sec
retary, to net until the club is 'fully and regu
larly organized.
THE Republican County Committee
mot last night- In an effort to
adopt a plan for district club or
ganization In the present cam
paign. Two schemes were present
ed, and after a heated and frequently
acrimonious debate, lasting for nearly
four hours, both plans were submitted to
a Joint committee, consisting of the ad
visory and executive committees, which
was given full and final power to act.
This Joint committee had already held
several sessions and had adopted a plan.
Before it was presented Chairman Al
Bouvier urged the members of the Coun
ty Committee to give It serious attention,
as 5t would dictate the policy of the party
on a vitally important matter If adopted,
and the entire committee in its duty to
the party and to the public is called upon
to be above the suspicion of intrigue or
faction. ; •; V:v ¦
One Way to Organize Clubs.
The plan submitted by the joint com-
mitlee provides for the organization of a
club In each Assembly district, under the
auspices of a majority of the county
committeemen representing each district.
The plan is as follows:
Pl^AN FOR THE ORGANIZATION' OP THE
REPUBLICAN PARTY IX THE VARIOUS
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS OP THE CITY
AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Article 1. There shall be formed under the
auspices of the Republican County Committee
Jn each Awembly district a club, to be styled
the "Recular Assembly District Re
publican Club," which shall be the official
Republican organization of said district, and of
and to which all Republicans in good standing
In the party and actually raiding in said
district shall be eligible for membership.
Article 2. District official clubs shall be or
ganized In the manner following: A majority
of the County Comraltteemen of each district,
end fix or more reputable Republicans selected
by them. ehaJl constitute an organizing and
canvassing committee for such district, with
full power to organize such official club. Raid
committee Ehall give notice. In euch manner as
may b* determined, that they will proceed to
enroll the Republicans of the' district. "Every
person desiring to be .enrolled shall be re
quired to Elrn bis name and give his address
and votlnz precinct in the district.
There shall also be an ."enrolling and advis
ory committee" of three for each precinct
including in said committee of three the mem
ber " of the executive committee for the re
spective precinct. • ¦ . . . : . .
--It -nhall; among other things, be ' the duty
of said "enrolling and advisory committees"
to . canvass . their respective precincts, and to
enroll from their said precincts as many mem
bers of the Republican party as may be pos
sible.
Every member of such club shall in person
s!*n the roll of membership of said club.
This committee will furnish printed roll
books, one for each precinct.
Only such rollbooks shall be recognized.
The rreclnct v rollbooks must be handed to
the respective presidents of the clubs on or be
fore. July 2, 1900, ."and a. duplicate thereof in
one volume, for each district.; shall thereupon
be made and retained by the secretary of the
clul>. -The original precinct rollbooks shall be'
filed on or before July 9, 1300, wltnthe secre
tary of this County Committee, who shall cer-
The officers of each club shall be a president
two vice presidents, a secretary and a treas
urer, elected by the members of such club
and an executive committee consisting of one
member for each precinct in the district to
be appointed by the president thereof.
The nepublican party of San Francisco shall
be organized in eighteen regular and official
Assembly District Republican clubs, one in
each Assembly District.
Each club must have at least three members
from each and every precinct In the district
Every member of the Republican party, and
any elector who agrees to support the Repub
lican ticket at the n«xt ensuing election, shall
bo eligible for .membership in the club of the
Assembly District in which he actually re-
He declared that the County Committee
represents simply a faction, and If the
plan submitted was adopted Republicans
would see that even in a Presidential year
the local organization intends to carry its
bitterness of factions .into the campaign.
His scheme he urged would prevent all of
this by giving to a committee of the
County Committee the power to supervise
all organization of clubs, to harmonize
factions in the districts and give to each
fair play. More than this, ¦ he said his
scheme would make the district clubs
thoroughly representative; would organize
them into one centralized whole In which
the County Committee would be the rec
ognized head. With these recommenda
tions he submitted the following plan:
factionalism to extremes, to shut out
some Republicans and favor others.
and Are Discussed Without Adoption in an
Acrimonious Debate.
Two Plans Submitted to the County Committee
REPUBLICANS SEEKING TO
ORGANIZE DISTRICT CLUBS
were safe on the outside that they learned
of the great danger through which they
had just passed.
Xo time was lost by the scholars when
the alarm was eounded. At the first tap
of the bell they were on their feet and
within two minutes were beyond danger.
There were two exits to the building. The
classes on the upper floor passed out
through one of these and those on the
ground flood made their escape through
the other. The fire originated near a
stairway leading to the upper floor. Had
it broken through at this' point instead of
of about a block Chrlstianson captured
the man who had received the purse and
returned it to its owner. He was taken
•before Captain Seymour, but as there was
no evidence agrainst him he was liberated.
He gave the name of George Walker and
said he was a barber.
The fire drill was introduced but a few
Tnonths ago at the school, and since its
Inauguration the children had been drilled
about twice in each week. The children
In each case were taken by surprise and
¦when they least expected it the alarm of
danger sounded. The frequency with
v.hlch this has been repeated is responsi
ble to a great degree for their prompt
response when the fire started yesterday.
They regarded the signal yesterday as a
false alarm, and without the slightest
fear passed out It v.-as only after all
The lady principal did not lose her pres
ence cf mind. In an instant she thought
of the hundreds of young lives in her
charge and acted with great coolness and
dlspatel) to effect their rescue. Without
betraying her loars Miss Casey sounded
the alarm calling for a fire drill. In ex
actly one minute and three-quarters after
she had given the signal the children had
fiied out in perfect order and stood apart
from the burning structure.
Principal's Prompt Action.
The f;re started on the ¦west side of the
structure and pooh communicated to the
ro*?f . It v.-as caust d by a gasoline lamp that
Tv:;s le'.r.g used by painters in burning the
paint frcra the weatherboards. The liny
f.ame in rcme manner ignited the wcod
vork arid crept between the ¦walls to the
attic. No one Eaw the flames and the
first Inkling given that the building was
en fire was when Miss Kate F. Casey,
the principal of the school, detected the
cdor of smoke.
Jnent place in the school annals of San
Fr^r: Cisco.
A f.re drill. practicaJ and we'l rr.JLstered,
raved this mass of juvenile humanity from
what might otherwise have developed in
to a direful catastrophe. Guided by its
perfect workings, the little scholars
marched from the blaring structure to a
place cf safety totally unconscious of the
danger pressing so close around them.
To-day and to-morrow (Friday) we will
sell 1C00 pairs of ladies', misses' and chil
dren's shoes and ties for only 25c a pair at
the shoe sale of the Boston Shoe Co., 773
Market street, near Fourth. •
Do Not Read This.
Alice Lestrange died at St. Mary's Hos
pital yesterday from the results of inju
ries received on the 8th of May, when she
jumped out of a window of her residence,
537 Howard street, with intent to coir
mit suicide. The woman had been drink
ing and had quarreled with her husband.
The remains were taken to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held.
Death of Alice Lestrange.
Gee Ming, employed in a Chinese laun
dry at 446 Sixth street, committed suicide
yesterday by swallowing a quantity of
opium prepared for smoking. He was
found dead in his bunk with the opium
tin beside him. An inquest will be held.
A Chinaman's Suicide.
-
TIT'S LaXaTCtta Pr;ir.n.rr School at the
corner cf Filbert and Kearny
Street* was destroyed by Cro yes
terday sfierr-con. The removal of
rc-r'.y COO children, scarcely any of.
than over the r.ge cT ttrclve years, saiely
fira the kuiidltic without a single nc C ;.
dc r.t and in a period of titzs less than
two minutes wa3 an incident of the flre
which redounfls gTeatly to the credit of
nil concerned end -which deserves a prom-
Credit of a Successful, Rescu?
of Nearly Five Hundred
Children Due to Miss
Kaie r. Cas^y.
Lafayette Primary Re
duced to a Heap cf
Charred Ruins.
•working behind the wall to the roof the
lire drill might not have been so effectual
as it was. The room near which the paint
ers were working was occupied by the
class in charpc of Miss Mary A. Jacobs.
This teacher discovered the fire just as
the principal sounded the alarm. Miss
Casey's office was on the same side of the
structure.
Once th<? children were outside they
stood amund. hatless, and watched the
flames shoot through the roof. They
thought of their books, but they were not
allowed to return after any property. An
alarm was turned in from the box at the
corner of Dupont and Green streets and
the department was quick in responding.
Flames Devour Building.
The building is situated on the western
slope of Telegraph Hill, near the summit.
It made a spectacular fire aa the element
of destruction quickly enveloped it. As In
the case cf the conflagration at 1402 Mont
gomery street last Saturday night, the
firemen experienced much difficulty in
pulling the apparatus to the scene, and
some time was lost before a stream of
water could be thrown on the fire. The
children and their teachers ctood in
groups on the bluffs above, watching the
names destroy their home. »The roof was
completely destroyed and the entire struc
ture gutted. The school building was an
old one, having stood for over thirty
years, and the dry lumber burned like tin
der. The building was valued at $10,000.
To this must be added the loss sustained
bv the destruction of the children's prop
erty—about ?30Cf». All the teachers lost
their records and personal effects. There
were nine classes in the school, eight of
which were conducted in the main build
ing. The classes were taueht by Misses
Stewart. JMcHugh, Lyons. Block, Carroll.
Jacobs, Hockheimer and l'Hommcdieu and
Mrs. Jacobs. There was an average of
lifty-two pupils to each class.
Pickpockets at Work.
While the fire was in progress pickpock
ets operated in the crowds that gathered
on the bluffs. A man wa3 seen to seize a
purse from the pneket of Mrs. Pagano.
who resides at 3 Varina place. The dis
covery of his act alarmod hirn and he
quickly turned the property over to a per
son supposed to have been his companion.
The latter in his turn handed it back to
the woman.
The cry of pickpocket was raised and
Sergeant Chrlstianson and Special Officer
Otis Berge were quickly on the scene.
The pair started to run, and after a chase
Structure Is Situated en Te:e
graph Hill and Fr'.men
Find Trouble Climbing the
iteep Grade.
Nine Classes Are in
Building When the
Flames Break l Out.
PRACTICAL FIRE DRILL SAVES
LIVES OF MANY YOUNG PUPILS
tlfy the substantial correctness of the duplicate
rolls, and the original rolls while in possses
sion of said secretary shall at all reasonable
times be open to the inspection of any member
of this committee.
The organization of the said eighteen clubs
shall be under the full charge and supervision
of a committee of five, consisting of the chair
man and secretary of this County Committee,
the chairman of the executive committee there
of, the chairman of the advisory committee
thereof and one additional member to be elected
by tfce County Committee.
The paid committee of five shall select and
appoint one member of this County Committee
representing each of the various Assembly dis
tricts in this committee to preside over and
take charge of the temporary organization of
the resp«*cti\-e clubs In their respective dis
tricts, the appointments to be announced within
one hour after the adoption of this resolution
and respectively to stand unless protest shall
be made by a majority of the members of the
respective district delegations to this County
Committoe within twenty-four hours after such
announcement, in which event, after hearing
sueh protest, the said committee of five shall,
if in any case good reason be shown, appoint
some other member of the district delegation,
or. In their discretion. If no good reason be
shown to the contrary, maintain the original
appointment.
In ca«e any such protest shall have been
made, the full committee of five shall attend
at the organization of the club. In the district
from which such protest shall have come,
and shall supervise the organization thereof,
with & view tu harmony and Justice.
In all easrs the said committee of five!, or
a EUb-ccmmUtco thereof, shnll attend at the
preliminary organization of each club. Said
clubs shall be organized during the week, com
mencing June 11 and ending June 17, 1903. at
such dates, times and places as said commit
tee of five shall, by printed circular, announce
to the members of the County Committee and
through the press to Republicans generally,
on or before Saturday, June 9. 1300.
If deemed advisable by the ccunty commlttse
men of any district and by f\[A committee of
five, permanent organization may be effected
or. the date of preliminary organization, other
wise may be postponed to a subsequent date
not later than July 2, l."C0.
In the discretion of the said committee of
five, should, at any time, after such organiza
tion, the territory of any Assembly district
be deemed to be so extended as to Justify the
establishment of another club, upon proper
demand by the representatives of this com
mittee from such district, such additional club
may b? organized in the same manner and
under the same supervision as is herein pro
vided.
"Without dictating or Imposing It as a neces
sary condition, this committee recommends to
each club that, other things being equal, it se
lect as Its president, where practicable and
otherwise eatlsfactory. a member of this com
mittee, to the end that each club shall b? con
staontly in touch with the Central Committee,
both being reciprocally officially advised of
the affairs of the party, its organization. Its
condition and its plans, by such club president.
It Is recommended that as soon as practicable
permanent headquarters be established by
each club In Its respective Assembly district.
Should complaint be made after June 17, 1W0.
of any fraudulent or false enrollment In any
of said clubs, sa'.d committee of five shall hear
said comDlalnt, and after such hearing may.
In Its discretion, strike from the roll any names
satisfactorily proven to It to have been ¦wrcng
fully enrolled.
An invitation Is hereby extended to all Re
publican organizations contemplating district
organization to Join In this official organize
tloa.
For nearly three hours the committee
discussed those twq plans at one time,
adopting sections of each and finally sub
mitting them both to the joint commit
tee for consideration. This committee
will meet on Saturday nipht -and has
power to adopt a plan without further ref
erence to the general committee. During
the debate A. Truman objected to both
schemes on the ground that they will
perpetuate the power of the bosses, who,
he alleges, control the committee.
Both plans, he said, will lead to the
stuffing of rolls, to misrepresentation and
factional strife in the district. Commit
teeman Curry ventured to agree and was
told by the angry Truman that he too
recently had been thrown out of the Dem
ocratic party to offer suggestions to Re
publicans. This appeared to close the ar
gument and the committee adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
5
4 Quart Bottles, $3-20
Express Charees Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL. OR
family use. We give you the benefit of the
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
||JljP-.-PU.RE WHIIKEY /lajf
Xothlr.g on case to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial aseneles.
F, EP W RA1M & CO.. Distiller** Agents.
18Mont«om:rv fct.. S. H.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello.'V;
MOM.. TueK.. : Wed.. Thurn. and Sat." at 9:45
a. m.: 3:15; 6:30 p. m.'t ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30;. Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. : Mls«lon-stre«t Dock.
Plex No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE ....................Mo
And a living proof of what Dr. Pierce's
Golden iledical Discovery will do for
weak lungs. It makes new blood, and
blood is life to the lungs, as well as to
even* other organ.
"Golden Medical Discovery " contains
neither alcohol nor narcotics. It is not a
stimulant but a strengthening medicine.
"After asinsr about five bottles of Dr. Pierce'*
Golden Medical Discover}- ray boy seems to be
all rijfht." writes Mr. J."\V. Price, of Oraric.
Monroe Co.. Ohio. "lie was very bad Tfh«fn I
conmtnerd to give him the *<Golden Mediczl
Uiscovrrv.* The doctor dafxned he had cop-
stxtaptioa. and we Uoctored with hita uatil he
was past walking. It has been ten mouths
since he stopped taking vour medicine and he
i» still in rooo health. \l*e are very thankful to
you for saving our ton."
Cliildren appreciate T>r. Pierce's Pleas-
ent Pellets. * They're easy to t^^e and
do not gripe.
The Lutheran church In Iceland num-
bers about 72.000 baptized members, which
is about the total population.
Hely Upon Platt's Chlorides
to disinfect house drains, closets, sinks. •
¦OBOB«eaoaosaooBOEOB9a«D<
O ;
g . . Hnita Cream . .
B Is a cure for all discolorationsof the
5 skin. It does not contain a single
13 ingredient that can possibly harm
O the most delicate skin. It literacy
5 coaxes a new, velvety, transparent
a skin to the surface, thus removing
• all blemishes.
g Full Information and a sample will
©be sent for 2c postage. Anfta Cream
H & Toilet Co.. 207 Franklin. St.. Los
• Angeles. Cal. i
0CEA3T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
', Steamers leave Broadway
fc^^ wharf. San Francisco:
H*5r»^; For A!a«kan ports — II a. m..
gg^gjjfc. June R. 10. 15. 20. 13. 30. Julr
I S *^SI3?S^ 5 - to company' •
KA KfcjV%?\ steamers at Seattle.
S£j>5a4 y"i For Victoria. Vancouver CD.
K]35j|&II»*"J*-fij C). Port Townsend, Sea'tl*.
/^^^Bg^^Rl Tacoma. Everett. Anaeorte»
and New VThatcom (Wash.) —
™ 11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
30. July 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle tc» (his company" a steamers
for Alaska and O. N'. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 19 a. m.. Jun*
J 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. July 2. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Hartord (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (L>r>9 Anireles) and Newport—
» a. m_ June 4. 8. 12. IS. !0. 24. 28. July 2. and
i every* fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, utopplnr only at Port ITar-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 m.
m.. June 2. «. 10. 14. IS. 22. 28. »0. July 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Maedalena Bay. San J»s» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaj (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlicht to chnns*
steamers, sailing dates and tours of sailing
wlthnut nrevlftti* notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALLw PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francl«co.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DI«*T»ATrW FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Soear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
PARC Sl2 F |rst Cla « Includlnq BzrVi
rHnC $d Second Clasi and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jane 2. IX 22. July t
COLUMBIA sails Juno 7. 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the NorthwesU
Through tlck-ts to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A«r#nt.
(33 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS tk CO..
Superintendents.
' ¦ *
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Bracnan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, pntlln* at
Kobe »Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai/ anj
connection at HonKkon? with steamen for In-
dia, et-. No cargo received on board on day
of soiling.
ES. HONGKONG MART?
Thursday. June 14. 1500
SS. NIPPON MARIT Tuesdar. July 10. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARC ;....
Frl.lay. Ausust 3. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight anU passage apply at company's office
421 Market str«>t corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oenern! Ar»nt.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHKRBOL'P.O
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
twin-screw passenger service
to plymouth. cherbourg and ham-
euro. ai-«o new york to chehbouro
and hamburg.
For Psllln?. *tc. Apptv tn
nAMBLT.O-AMKRTCAN* LINE, tt C^IVt. N. T.
PARIS nOTF.L ACCOMMODATION
Re«»rve«i If s^^fred before «le»»arture.
HETIZOO * CO.. Gen. Art». for Pwrlfla Co«xt.
?01 California St.. corner Pansome. 9. F.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HONOLULU, APIA
AICKL4XDAXD SYDNEY.
h S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land »nd Australia Wed.. June 13. S p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honoluln only>
Wednesday. June 27. 13C0. t p. m.
J. 0. SHKtCKELS & BHO*. CO.. Agts.. w laantqomerf
Pier 7.f«ot Pasific St tnkttWmJMi h++m st
r/AAfllAO B 1*115" HATIIOB .WOO Tomi
fllVO^JV^ a.aiii.LaxjR . .esc-oTons.'
'- . 8SKAP3 .4000 Toa3
Mon'uiy sailing for Valparaiso and Hajatrars i
Tia Usiictn porra. Central. Soutb. Amarloa. ato. i
S.S. Laxor. GOO tons, sails about June X i
LB SrUtCSKtS *»«<»• «>~ J»"K »»« *«at3<H»>rySt4
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
T~\ \ F^ f^ t^ TT
The Xew ar.d Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will rail from Seattle ar.d Tacoma June 21.
July 21 and August 27. The SENATOR nail-
Ing July 21. will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing It Nome
will continue north thro* the »J*hring Straits,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
fteamers. as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the flrst-class
accommodations on most of the steamer^ »d-
vertls*d for Nome. The Pacific Coast Pt«^Tm-
5hlp Co. has been running Its steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 years and
is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
Information Inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDOE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 2>3
Washington St.. Portland. Or.: W. PARR1S. 124
West Second St.. Los Angreles. Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS St CO.. Gen. A«rts.. 10 Market
«t. TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. ; c,- ; v
iffeC i r , SS ' .
1^ Valencia
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
For rassenter and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F.
SI 3 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOXBON. P1SI1
EtopplnR at Cherbourg, westbound.
' From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul June «|St. Louis July i
St. Louis June 13 New Tork July n
St. Paul June27|St. Paul July b
RED STA^ LINi.
F«W Yorl^ orjd Antwj-v
From New Tork every 'Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ....'..June 6 Westernland ...June 27
Frlesland June 13 KenslRffton July t
Southwark June 20 Noordland July 11
L/APIRt L1NS.
S. Sw "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 21th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 39. For rates
and other information apply to -
EMPIRK TRANPORTATION CO..
20 Montgomery Street.
COMPAGNIE QENEKALE TRAKSATLAKTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *->*».
galling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S»9 at --3*«w«*
JO a. ¦¦•¦«..¦ from Pl»r *2. North River, foot of
Mcrton st. LA BRETAGNE. June 7; LA LOlt.
RAINE. June 14: LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21; !
L'AQUITAINE. June ZS. First class to Havre, !
$60 and upward: 5 per rent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. J43: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J3
Brcadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUOAZl A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 3
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM. | x'HE EMPOBITJM.
g (Most Brands i2\o Cigars Sold Here at we. g
J CMost Brands 5c Cigars Sold Here 7 for 25c. %
i m zssr *
I %^\ Men's Shoes $2.17. $
S V. Chocolate Color Vici Kid Lace Shoes, like 5
$ fej. °e\* s cut, modern toes and tips, Goodyear welt, j
•[ f^>w^ £f^&v flexible, sewed soles, a most comfort- j*
X W-'-^T^^C^v a °l e > g°°d value £3.03 shoe for sum- $
£ *E>^i ' >*—^ nnr wear, all sizes— Thursday £
*? >^__ = jfL=ss= s *^ oniy, per pair $*£*!/ &
jj£ ¦¦¦! i i — """^ First Aisle— Rlicht of Entrance. «^|
I ** :: £
| Overstock Suit Sale. |
£ Men'3 Suits a; a third Ies3 thin reguhr prices— 3oy3' Ves- C_\ *
& teaSaitsat $2.65, and Sri or Suit* £/*85» fef
% Men's $12.50 and $15.00 Suits Xg) g
I $9395— Far to3 many on hand of the sin- >/|K 3»
ft gle-breasted sack suita at $12.50 ani $15.03. tf> f \IS \ g
>C saason good3 carried ovar from3933ja to sanoi / \ \ JC
J. inthisnora. T leu sait» mu;t b3 ao'.l wai a th>y f? I ' \ 5
ft* are fashionable; Sjrge?, Ch-svioti and Cwinnrj'.. r II Wy m
•£ 20 sty ej and coloring* (made tip /^** s S d \ / •!
§ in a first-c'ass iranner) of $12.50 (l^^^l^ pJ^^^i v 3 X. *
t£ and $15.0-0 s : rp'e Ireastei sack >yA I £*?&? .Xl**^ 3*
>f Fuits fcr men — untlfiurthor J>^(\S / j£\xL '"T I I {c
g notion ss . f^^//j^M\ | /ft «
g Boys' Vestes Suits fc^y^>^^^oU &
%> $2. 65 Sizes for boys S^Mf Lhy Jffl J
to 8 years o'd, strictly all-wool I // ll i rV*Tr i\ * •*
J|» b'ne cheviots, handsomely trim- "I jAVr «\il^' I \ '*
tC med, deep sailor or the new coat y-4 (J Z^<a\ I \
*£ collar, as preferred; only about 50 I I \J \ \\ }t
5 tn'l% in "this specially bought lot; \J J[>C*>'^* = =--nf "~ ,> -=* *wy^*""" 3*
flf onr regular pr:ce« for these VfA^^^^~~^~~\&T^Zv^' ~"S>'*'"" ' 5
fC grades $3 45 and ?3.95— special «£**&»—« -**&*¦ *^
v price Thursday, Friday and ontur day - o cc >c
t£ • 9iEfOd S
i Boys' SsiJor Suits $t.85— Sizes for boy3 3 to 10 year3 ft
j£ old, fancy ca-:simeres, with extra long cut blouse, trimmed with %
pj* six rows of sik braid, ju3t 20 suit* in this lot, so'd regularly by U3 0CZ " %
I». ac $3.45 -special price for these 20 suits, each «. i>/»00 •?
h . 2
%' £
v g
| SpeoiaB Sale of Boys" |
| Sample Hats and Gaps. |
|f — *^ tra^e'era' sample 1 ns of atout twelve dozen Hats Jj
Ji ¦ t1 and Caps for boys, telescopa and sailor sty!e Felt Hit3;
j> • ?3ilor, yacht, golf yacht and golf cloth caps. Oa sale J*
" to-day (Thursday) only at these remarkable prices: jg
% (J^^B^BiiS 45cO'psfor27o $1.00 to $2.00 Caps 69c :|
tf 75c Caps for 42c $1.00 to $2.50 Hats 7ic S
K —^~* -* Hargaln Table— Main Aisle. <g
x ¦ x
K S
I Boys*NeGkweai*18° I
% An assorted lot of 1046 Pcff Scarfs, Teck Scarfs lav A^^X^^TV^. I?
J£ periah. Four-in-Hinda and Windsor Bow3 for boys, J^f^^E^OI^r;,
S a 1 in handsome patterns and Seasonable sty.es, ties »»^rt>]w^(^^« «
K that hava a' ways sold from 25c to 50c each, are N^WAl XT/S^Ss, X
*C cffeied at special sa'e for Thursday **%— /,, A\\\ A'^^CV 5
J. onlr, «rh fSC^A\\\\ £vfiW ?
fg Barsain Table-Main Aisle. //iv\\\V /'/* • V*l V «
k" ~~ */0\ \ W ' 7* •••°^* 0 \\\i """
5 CALIFORNIA^ LARGEST— AJnERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ' x
ft X
M®wr . fllliSINCE the capture of Pretoria the war in South
Africa, if it continue long, must enter upon a
new phase. The organized national resistance
which has hitherto opposed the British advance will
have to give place to guerrilla warfare. It is true
that in the War of the Revolution the British cap
tured the capital of the Continental Congress at
Philadelphia without thereby crushing the colonies
or their armies, but the military conditions of the
present war are widely different from those that pre
vailed in 1776. Washington had to contend against
no such force as that which has invaded the Transvaal,
neither had he to face a General of anything like the
ability and energy of Roberts. The American pa
triot could after the fall of his capital hold his army
together, but the forces of Kruger must of necessity
scatter or surrender.
What course the Boers will pursue remains to be
seen. They have lost not only their capital, but the
two leaders on whom they most relied for success.
Joubert is dead and Cronje is a prisoner of war in
exile at St. Helena. They have no force strong
enough to resist Roberts' flanking tactics, nor any
General skillful and energetic enough to defeat them
by superior strategy and activity. The war, which
began with brilliant successes for the Afrikanders,
has virtually ended. A great hope has been lost in
that far-off part of the world, arid the long cherished
aspiration for a free Afrikander nation under a repub
lican form of government has perished. A host of
British and foreign adventurers will hasten to the land
where there is such a promise of gold, and in the end
the old Boer element will be swallowed up in the mass
of the new population. An independent South Africa
may be established in another generation, but it will
not be a nation of Dutch people.
At the beginning all -the portents of the time
threatened that the war would be one of the bloodiest
of modern times. The stories of the slaughter of the
British in their early attempts to relieve Ladysmith
went far to confirm the statement attributed to
Kruger that if the British ever conquered the Trans
vaal it would be at a cost that "would stagger hu
manity." The tactics of Roberts, however, changed
the whole outlook, and of late the contest has been
carried on with but a comparatively small loss by the
invading force.
A recent British statement of the total losses of
their armies is to the effect that up to the capture of
Johannesburg 2322 men and officers had been killed
in battle, 571 had died of wounds received in action,
2492 from disease, S4 from accidents, and 49 in cap
tivity, making a total of 558S deaths. In addition the
British forces were weakened by 4330 men missing
and' prisoners, 8901 sent home as invalids and 10,130
wounded, in audition to those who had died of
wounds up to that time.
The whole casualties— killed, died, wounded, miss
ing, prisoners and invalided — makes an aggregate
loss of .28,049. That is not a heavy list for seven
months of war. A writer for the Philadelphia Ledger
in reviewing the battle of Gettysburg stated that the
killed, mortally' wounded and missing on the Union
side alone in that single battle were 23,001, or more
than the total British losses in the Transvaal, if we
exclude the sick sent home as invalids.' War has
THE NEW YORK DODGE.
nILL and Croker, the rival aspirants for the con
trol of the Democratic machine in New York,
have disappointed expectation. It was thought
that between them there would be an open fight in
the State convention for leadership and such honors
as attend the position, but what happened was a com
promise and a division of dishonors.
Hill had declared himself opposed to the Chicago
platform and opposed to sending to the national con
vention a delegation instructed for. Bryan. Croker
had declared for both the Chicago platform and for an
instructed delegation. By the compromise agreed
upon the State convention ignored the Chicago plat
form, but gave the instructions.
The advantage of the situation is with Croker, not
withstanding reports fiom New York declare the con
vention to have been largely under the control of
Hill. The free silver men demanded an express in
dorsement of their financial creed, and the only way
Hill could find to avoid a faction fight then and there
was to declare that by instructing. the delegates to the
national convention to support Bryan a sufficient in
dorsement was given to Bryan's platform. There was
no getting away from the logic of the statement, and
the silver men were content with it. The voters of
the country will take the same view of the situation.
A vote for Bryan will be a vote for free silver coinage
at the ratio of 16 to I.
While making that concession to Tammany and
the silver men Hill has tried to provide for himself
a chance to dodge the charge of supporting now a
policy which he refused, to support in 1896. He was
himself chairman of the committee on • resolutions,
and "the financial plank reported by him declares:
"We favor both gold and silver as the standard
money of the country, the money of the constitution
and of our fathers — each to be maintained at a parity'
with the other in purchasing and debt-paying power —
which has been the steadfast policy of the Democratic
party since the days of Jefferson, who declared that
'the monetary unit must stand on both metals.' "
Doubtless the astute sage of Wolfert's Roost can
explain the vagueness of that pla'nk in many ways to
suit many men of many minds. It may serve some
purpose which he has in/view^ but it is not likely to
deceive any voter of fair intelligence. It. is in vain
that any, party or any faction in this campaign de
clares for the "money of thye constitution" or the
"monetary policy of/ Jefferson." The people are
aware that Bryan stands 'for free silver coinage, for
p. depreciation of the monetary standard, for fifty
cent dollars, and they are also aware that whoever
supports Bryan is a supporter of the Bryan policy
a?- expressed in the Chicago platform. • ,
The explanation of the course taken by the rival
leaders is that both of. them believe Bryan to be
doomed to defeat, but each thinks -'that' Democracy
can achieve local victories. By standing in with the
Bryanitesand holding the party together Crokor be
lieves Tammany can make doubly sure of carrying
the whole of the metropolis of Greater New Yotk.
Ey eliminating the Chicago platform and allots fol
lies Hill believes it possible for Democracy to carry
the State. Thus while Croker is willing to < swallow
the whole Chicago output, platform and candidate,
Hill desired to get rid of both. He was not able to
carry his'plan in ? every respect, but he means to use
his platform for homo purposes and let Bryanism fall
by the wayside. It is one of the kind of dodges for
which Hill is noted, but will in the end prove as
unprofitable as most of the others which he has tried
m the course of his political adventures.
CALIFORNIA'S GOLDEN JUBILEE.
THE Native Sons of the Golden West have laid
the foundation for the proper celebration of the
•Golden Jubilee of the admission of the great
State of California into the Union of States. The
iuea of the joint committee of the various parlors is
to make this celebration one thst shall be worthy of
the event, one that will mark the progress of the
Golden State and add in every way to the luster of the
great crown of glory that she wears.
That the Native Sons should take the lead in the
proper recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of the
Statehood of California is meet and proper, for they
2re the descendants of those hardy pioneers who un
denvent the greatest trials in the days before the iron
horse sped across the continent, when the country
west of the Missouri was a trackless. waste, or when
the voyage to the golden shore was in poorly fitted
ont ships around the Horn. In this they are to be
assisted by their fraternal sisters, the Daughters of the
As yet the several committees of the joint commit
tee have only outlined the work that they are to per
form, but from this mere outline it is apparent that it
will be the greatest undertaking that has ever been
known in the celebration line in this city. It will not
be limited to the Native Sons and Daughters of this
city, but all the parlor? of both orders will be invited
to participate in the festivities, which will probably
last for a week. It is to be a gala week; the city is to
be decorated and illuminated as it never was before.
It is proposed that the electrical display shall be
more elaborate than it was on the occasion of the
reception by the Natives of the California Volunteers.
I Communications received from the interior of the
State show that the Native Sons of the country are
hand in hand with their brothers of the city and that
they will contribute largely to the making of a great
success of the Ninth of September and the succeed-
The task tindertnken by those who will manage this
celebration is a stupendous one. It is one, however,
that deserves every support that the, citizens of this
city can extend to it, for it will do a great deal in the
tray o: making the city and the State better known.
To the cily in particular it v.fil attract most undoubt
edly a larger comber of strangers than ever gathered
in it before, not only from the interior, but from ad
joining r.r.d even far more distant sections of the
Union, for those who have charge of the event will
spare neither money nor pains to make it the most
brilliant ever known. Son;c of the local parlors, in
anticipation of the 1900 celebration, commenced three
years ago to lay aside by various methods sums of
rrioney to be used only for the purpose of making a
grand display during the celebration week. This in
itself shows that what will be is r.ot the outburst of
momentary enthusiasm, but that it has been deliber
ated upon for many months. The result of this delib
eration will be the presentation to the general com
nuttee of numerous :dcas of parlors and individuals
fiom which the best will be selected and presented to
the general public in various ways.
Among the features that have already been sug
gested arc a monster parade, electric illumination of
the city and prominent buildings, an electrical arch;
literary exercises appropriate to the grand occasion.
a naval parade, a pyrotechnic display on the bay, ball
r.r.d concert. In a few days the general committee
will announce the scope of the celebration so that all
may have an opportunity to know what l!:c Native
SonCare doing in the line of perpetuating the memo
ries of the days of forty-nine and showing their grati
fication at the majestic strides that California has
made since the days it changed from Territory to
tL2'erxooa.
California has had a most glorious past and she has
a. magnificent future; the Native Sons arc proud of
nl'.at past and they arc striving to make that future ali
that it promises. It is a commendable ambition that
deserves encouragement.'
Dr. S. P. Terry of Rochester, Indiana, Is
at the Russ.
M. H. Cassel of the Miami Sawmills is
at the Lick. .
General W. W. Seamans of Sacramento
is at the Lick.
C. D. Wright, an attorney of San Jose,
is at the Lick.
John A. Brady, a mining man of Omaha,
is at the Palace.
Professor T. S. C. Lowe of Pasadena is
at the California.
Ex-Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas City is
at the Occidental.
Dr. J. E. Shafer of Salinas City is stop
ping at the Grand. * "
N. W. Jacoby, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Lick.
J..W. Tourney of Washington, D. C, Is
a guest at the Palace.
A. L. Deal, a mining man of Trail, B.
C, Is at the California.
C. A. Plate, a mining man of Blakeley,
Washington, is stopping at the Russ.
T. E. Gibbon, S. L. Fisher and Dr. R.
W. Hill of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
S. R. Porter of the Baliol mine, accom
panied by his wife, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
G. P. Barrett and wife of Pomona are
stopping at the Russ. Mr. Barrett is a
big fruit raiser.
"X. J. Reach of the well-known firm of
that name In Philadelphia, accompanied
by his wife and daughter, Is at the Palace.
Dr. S. M. Henderson and Dr. C. E. Rug
gles, members of the State Board of
Health, registered at the Grand yester
day.
L. Kwong Way,, a prominent Chinese
silk manufacturer and merchant of Hong
kong, arrived yesterday and registered at
the Occidental.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, sailed for Honolulu
Captain D. A. Scribner of New York,
who was rescued in the mid-Paciflc by
the craw of the America Maru, Is regis
tered at the California, .
PERSONAL MENTION.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK. June 6.— "William W.
Crocker of San Francisco i3 at the Wal
dorf. J. Fleishman of San Francisco is
at the Savoy.
tin. William T. Henries, Miss Henries and
Miss M. M. Taylor, all of San Francisco,
are at the Raleigh. W. J. Parsons of
Berkeley is at the St. James.
CAXIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 6.-J. F. Stubb3
and wife. Mis3 Edith Stubbs. V,'. C. Mar-
The will of Caroline 'W'eissich, who died
May 30, leaving an estate valued at $50,
000, was yesterday tiled for probate. De
cedent bequeaths her property to her chil
dren. Kmil Uierks. Mrs. Caroline Esch
mann. Miss Julie Weisdich anj William O.
Weissich. The two last named children
will act as executrix and executor of
the will. Decedent held interests in the
firm of Tillmann & Benrlel and in the es
tate of the late James. Behrens. g
Caroline Weissich's Will.
Margaret Stetson filed suit yesterday
against Charles L. Stetson for mainte
nance and support. Plaintiff alleges that
the defendant has refused to contribute
toward her support since ilay 25 last.
Sues for Maintenance.
¦¦ f '
THURSDAY....... ....JUNE 7, i9°o
JOHN D. SPRtCKELS. Proprietor.
-_- j - xj -i_-^-_^.-.i-.i-
Add'ess Ail Contmunica'isns to W. S. LtAKE, Man»2«r.
rriXLICATION OFFICEV.Marfcet mid ThirdU S. F.
Telcubune "I.iin 1SOS.
CniTORUL ROOMS....21T to 221 SteTfn»on S*.
TrlffboBt 5J«in 1874.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. If. O«nt» I'cr Week.
SSnrlP Copfe«. S Onti.
Ternia l>y Ulan. Iurlndin«r Pontacet
r>Arr/r caul, (lnehkltsx Pead&r). y»f ** w
DAILT CAUL, drc!uJln« B«t»Ur>. « ssoaUi* ••*
DAILY CAI.L .incluV.r.e 6c&d*]r), s moathi * -f
jOAILT CALL^- Hv Sins'.* Monti «£
fT"Nr>AT CALL One T»*r J- s *
WLTKI.T CAJJ. On« Tear 1 - 00
•LXi postinmter* ore natlinrized to receire
muhncrlptlon*.
' f »-.-.; .« crplN ••111 >'«¦ :cr«'2rt3»d vrhea r«<jue«te<!.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 BroRdyrny
C GLORGE KROGNES5,
M?.r.*£er For* : £fi Advertising, V?rquei*.e BvVi'.ng, Chicago.
(Lecs IMst»sc« OJtpbOwi "Central M19.">
NEW YOEi: COF.IlESrON'DENT:
C C. CARLTON HeraiJ Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMiTH 33 Tribune BaiWing
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Khsrr=»n F??-jsc: P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotel:
Fr*:ac:st Hesse; Auiitcriuna- Jlolel.
NEW TOHK NET\'S STANDS:
vrm.)aort-jkBioria. Hotel; A. Brer.t&co. 21 Union Squ&re;
Slorray H'J Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.} OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON h. CRANE. Correspondent.
DKA^rriTOFrronS— trr Montgomery, correr oi Clay, open
crtU »:*5 oFdadC 8S0 Htyw, <-j>cn until 8:C9 o'clock. «33
HcAJKster. opvn teOOl 9:~0 o'clock. f!5 Larkln. or-'n i:ntll
V:20 o'clock. HU ilir«lon. cpen uct'.l S3 o'clock. :2fl Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpea until i o'clock. 3CS6 Va'.e::u-:a. rpen
MnUl t o'clock. 106 EK-vecth, open until 3 o'clock. XW cor
*« Trreaty i«oo»<l eifl Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
FATHER YORKE'S
*=: THIRD ARTICLE
It Will Be Entitled "The Schemes of the
San Francisco School Board,"
Father Yorke's third article on edu
cation, an elaboration of his notable ar
gument delivered recently before the
graduates of St. Mary's College, will ap
pear in to-morrow's Call. It will be en
titled, "ON THE SCHEMES OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO SCHOOL
BOARD."
on the Gaelic yesterday, accompanied by
Mrs. Dohrmann. They will return about
the middle of July.
Mr. and airs. John D. Spreckels. their
daughters, Grace and Lillie, and their
sons, John D. Jr. and Claus, will leave
this city on a special car at 6 o'clock tills
evening for Xew York. Mr. Spreckels will
attend the meeting of the Republican Na
tional Committee at Philadelphia, and
after spending some time in investigating
the progress being made- on the new
steamships being built for the Oceanic
Steamship Company will return to this
city. His family will leave New York on
June 14 to visit the Paris Exposition ami
for a tour of Europe, which will probably
last six or eight months.
THE PRUNE-GROWERS' OPPORTUNITY
REPORTS from the managers of the California
Cured Fruit Association are to the effect that
the association has failed to obtain control 'ot
90 per cent of the prune crop of the State as required
by the terms of its original programme of action, and*
consequently some modification of the plan vyill have
to be made. Not only were the conlrTtcts with the
packers dependent upon the association obtaining
that percentage of the prune crop, but many of the
growers' contracts were taken upon a similar under
standing. In order that something may be accom
plished this year a modified plan has been submitted,
and it now depends upon the growers whether it is
to be carried through.
While the association has failed to obtain the full
percentage desired of the" prune crop it has neverthe
less attained a strong position and has now under
contract 90 per cent of the prune acreage of Santa
; Clara County and So per cent of the whole State,
amounting in the aggregate to 53,000 acres. Upon
that basis the managers of the association have asked
the packers to modify their original contracts in the
following particulars: " v .v *
"First — By striking cut the provision guaranteeing
prices when once made by the board, leaving the
same to be changed from time to time in its discre
tion.
"Second — That they waive their demand of 90 per
cent of thecrop and leave the question of percentage
of the crop to be secured to the decision of the man
agement of the association.
"Third— That they agree not to deal with any
broker or jobber who would not limit his dealings in
or sales of prunes to those controlled by the associa
tion.
"Fourth — To do away with the incentive to cut
prices, and to simplify the transaction of their busi
ness with the association, that they agree to organize
into a corporation and deal with the association as one
person."
The packers are reported to have unanimously
given their consent to the modifications, but some of
the growers have been slow in responding to circulars
requesting their agreement. At a meeting of the di
rectors last Monday, ten days after the modification
circulars were sent cut, it was announced that no
answers had been received from about iooo yout of the
3300 members. Upon that showing the board of.di
rectors adopted resolution?, declaring it to be the
judgment of the association that 80 per cent of the
'prune acreage of the State, including 00 per cent of
that of Santa Clara County, would be necessary to
warrant an attempt to assume control of the crops,
and therefore that the time for receiving consent to
the modifications be extended to' June 15; if on that
date the desired percentage shall not have, been ob
tained the association will cease and the responsibility
of failure rest on the grower.
Such is the situation that confronts the prune
growers of the State. This is for them the hour of
opportunity. By prompt action they may establish
a co-operative association that, learning by experience
and growing with the demands put upon it, will be
come eventually an institution of the highest value to
them. If the opportunity be lost there is no telling
when another so favorable! or so promising will be
offered. This is the age of co-operation^ and_the
sooner the fruit-growers of the State learn to practice
that principle the better it will be for them.
Authorize Ecott to Accept
Payment of Disputed,
Taxes.
Action , Will Result in Increasing the
Municipal Stock of Money
and Cut Down the
Dsficit.
The Board ef Supervisors met in special ,
session yesterday afternoon and passed
resolutions. Intended to bring certain
moneys into the city treasury which are
to be applied toward settling a portion of
the prospective municipal deficit. • The
first reaolution directs the Tax Collector
to accept the taxes of persons and cor
porations on personal property and real
estate amounting to $97,257, of which the ;
city will receive about IGu.tHK). These taxes ,
were recently tendered in payment by the
property owners,, who refused to pay
taxes on certain bonds since held by the
Supreme Court to bo unassessable. The
resolution recites:
Resolved^ That on account of the. condition of
the clty'sr funds and without establishing a
l»recedent the Tas Collector be and is hereby
directed to receive and collect from such per
sons, associations and corporations the total
amount of personal property and real estate
taxes assrsseii to them, excepting the taxes
on such bonds as were decided by the Supreme
Court In the case of the Germania Trust com
pany, appellant, vs. the city and county of
fc-an Francisco, respondent, as not assessable
to said persona, associations or corporations.
Resolved, Tlrat the Auditor be and he is
hereby directed to cancel the penalties pro
vided to be collected by statute from delinquent i
taxpayers from such persons, associations and ,
corporations who tendered their taxes less the
amount of the taxes on the bonds claimed not
to be assessable to them, provided the said
taxes are paid before July 1, 1300.
The Mayor said he had been informed
by State controller Colgan that the latter
would be guided in the matter of the
State's interest in the taxes by the advice ,
of the Attorney General as to whether the
penalties for delinquency could be waived.
Colgan had telephoned to Tax Collector
Scott that the State would not waive the
penalty, but«. letter explaining the mat-)
ter would be mailed to reach here this ]
morning. Scott says, however, that the •
State Is not concerned with the penalty,
but that It Is a city proposition solely. He
intends to get the opinion of the City At
torney as to whether the Board of Supery
visors may order the waiving or the pen
alty. '
The assessment on personal property on
which the taxes ' are now delinquent
amounts to $5,072,859, divided among vari
ous corporations.
The real estate delinquent taxes are:
Bank of California, $1426 25; German Bank,
$97189; Savings and Loan Society, $698 46;
Security Savings Bank, $138 55; Columbus
Savings and Loan Society. $5 4G; La So
ciete Krancalse. $29 34; San Francisco Sav
ings Union. $3277 9S; Union Trust Com
pany, $2750 63; Fair estate, $1340 6S; Mackay
& Dey, $329 10. Total, $11,568 34.
A resolution was also adopted directing
the City Attorney to take measures to
determine the rights of the city regarding
the commissions on poll taxes and col
lateral inheritance taxes, with a view to
having the moneys transferred to the mu
nicipal funds. The resolution says:
Whereas, The poll tax receipts and the col
lateral inheritance tax receipts belong to the
State school fund, but the commissions for the
collections thereof paW by the State are In
dispute; and
Whereas, The Treasurer has in his custody
the poll tax receipts deposited by the As
sessor, settlement of which will be made ac
cording to law with the State on the first
Monday of July, and also the commissions on
the collateral inheritance tax, collection of
which, is made b? the Treasurer and settle
ment with the State already made on May
7: and
Whereas, The charter requires all fees to be
paid Into the treasury for the city, but the
State law allows the fees to the Assessor and
Treasurer rfspectlvely, which has- caused a
conflict of authority: therefore be it
Resolved, T»hat the City Attorney be re
quested to immediately take proper legal steps
to determine the city's rights and duties In
the premises and to enforce the same.
The ordinance empowering the Board
of Health to quarantine persons, houses
and districts when in its judgment it is
deemed necessary to prevent the spread
of infectious or contagious diseases was
finally passed.
The consideration of the ordinances ex
tending the pound limits to the county line
and regulating the construction of thea
ters was deferred until next Monday.
The resolution authorizing: William F.
Nolte to kill migrating birds within the
city limits In the interest of science was
passed to print. Nolte's application was
indorsed by President Jordan of Stan
ford University. "'..-T
SUPERVISORS
TAKE STEPS TO
ADD TO FUNDS
changed. It may be as cruel in its objects and as re-;
morselcss in its march as ever, but it is no longer so
deadly.
MEMORIAL DAY OBSERVANCES.
]\A ANY of the more influential papers of the
1 \ country devoted a considerable part of their
* Memorial day editorials to considerations of
the change which has taken place in the attitude of
the public toward the celebration of the day. That
change has long been evident, and it increases with
the years. The observances of the day arc under
going a process of evolution, and it is clear the pre
vailing tendency is to make it a holiday of rejoicing
and not of mourning.
It is everywhere agreed that the day will continue
to be celebrated and will never lose its hold upon the
people, but it is argued that coming as it does at the
beginning of the northern summer, the attractiveness
cf nature at that season will make it more and more
a general pleasure day, observed in commemoration
of the preservation of the Union rather than as a day
of grief for the heroic dead. f
Commenting on the change the Philadelphia
Record says: "It is in this phase of the evolution of
Memorial day as a popular institution that the secret
of its general observance in Northern communities
is to be found. The venerated survivors of a historic
struggle have been unable to confine the liberated
energies of their descendants to the solemn duties
which in earlier years made Decoration day an occa
sion of pompous and magnificent ceremonial. The
soldiery' graves are x strewed with flowers, orators in
dulge in patriotic reminiscence, and the martial spirit
is aroused and kindled anew in 'many a veteran's
breast, while young America is far afield intent only
en breaking records or winning in some hard-fought
competition. In this dual employment of the day is
its strongest guarantee of long continuance and ever
increasing respect and appreciation."
The New York Tribune concludes that the reverent
and loving memory of those whose deeds suppressed
the rebellion will be always associated with the ob
servance of the day, but adds: "A grander thought
remains, that the people have reached through strife
snd crime and suffering a deeper unity and a more
genuine devotion than would have . been possible
without attempted disunion and defeat. Thus those
vvho were beaten can in truth enjoy the result as
heartily as those who were victors. When the whole
nation, North and South alike, advances to a higher
c.nd better conception of the meaning and the virtue
of free government, then. indeed Memorial day may
become in no sense a sectional but a national thanks
giving."
The New York Sun with its usual boldness grap
ples with the problem by suggesting a change in the
manner of observing the day so as to make it ac
cord with the change in public sentiment. It says:
"Instead of remaining a day of mourning, typified
by the flying of flags st halfmast, already funereal
symbols have become incongruous with the sentiment
to which it gives expression. It is no longer a day
of mourning but a holiday to celebrate the integrity
and the solidity of the American nation as one of the
most masterful of the great powers of the world. To
day we arc not weeping over dea»h. but arc
rejoicing in a new and larger national life. We do
not celebrate with lowered .flags the independence
won by the dead of the Revolution, neither shall we
commemorate the restoration of the Union with the
symbols of woe.''
It is to be borne in mind that none of those who
share the belief that Memorial day is to become a day
of rejoicing over a restored Union rather than a "day
of mourning for the dead are in any way lacking in
reverence for the Grand Army, for those of its ranks
who are dead or for, the living who. so faithfully
cherish the memory of thei* departed comrades;
but in their minds the consciousness of the greatness
cf the victory more and more overcomes the sense
of the sacrifice required to gain it, and they hold the
observance of the day will eventually be'made to cor
tc?pond with that sentiment
Members of the G. A. R. Vigorously Protest Against His
Treatment of One of 'I heir Number.
Members of James A. Garfield Post No. 34, G A. R., ar C very indig
nant against Mayor Phelan for his treatment of Sol Cahen, a member ot the
order. ; Mr. Cahen was unanimously recommended by his comrades for a
position on the Memorial day «nance committee. Mayor Phelan s reply to
their courteous request was a flat refusal on the ground that Mr. Cahen had
worked against the new charter. . .
The members of James A. Garfield Post No. 34 have voiced their senti
ments of his act in- the following resolutions:
) Whereas, The Mayor of the city and county of San * ran c s^ «JJ
9 daily declared that our worthy comrade and past ~^ r
. Sol Cahen, Is not entitled even to an honorary position under the new c _y
5 charter because he was honestly opposed to one of the Vggjg^gS? 'Jl
strument; and whereas, the Mayor deemed it proper to exclude him from^the
5 Memorial day finance committee, although he was unanimously selected as
, a member pf that committee by James A. Garfield Post. G. A. «••
We. the comrades of Sol Cahen. who have known him Ions and .™' a *
5 this meeting of James A. Garfield Post No. *4. G. A. R. most emP^aLy
• protest against this unwarranted discrimination and resent it as an undlgnl
5 fied. unjust and tyrannical exercise of a "little brief authority.
We take pleasure in hereby expressing our unqualified confidence In tnc
, honor, integrity and patriotism of our comrade, who has occupied the hign
\ est office in our order in the sift of the Department of California and Ne\ada,
' and who has at all times by his conduct as a soldier, as a citizen and as a
> man won and maintained the respect of all who know him.
. " We further declare that the action of the Mayor does not In the least
. detract from our comrade and that the insult to which he has been subjected
' endears him still more to his comrades, who will ever esteem and eheriah him
as one of the most worthy members of the Grand Army of the Republic.
5 Resolved. That these sentiments be engrossed and presented to comrade
Sol Cahen and copies be transmitted to the headquarters of the department
, and to the different posts of the G. A. R. of this city.
Adopted unanimously by a rising vote at the meeting of James A. Gar
jfield Post No. 34, G. A. R., held June 5, 1000.
Mayor Pheian's letter to the Post was as follows:
General E. S. Salomon. Parrott Building. City— Dear Sir: Tour letter of May 18 to
hand. I desire to say that I received by the'sair.e mall from Mr. Bally the printed list
of the committee appointed by the Board of Supervisors, which is correct.
The name of Mr. Cahen was originally submitted by me to the board as recommend**
among fifteen others, by a Grand Army committee. Friends of the charter, however, ob
jected to his appointment on the ground that as the K0O appropriated for Memorial day
was for the first time In this city made possible by the charter no one opposed to the
charter should serve under it in any honorary capacity, and that Mr. Cahen had at
tacked its most vital and important provision; hence his name was omitted on final
confirmation of the committee. Yours truly. JAMES D. PHELAN'.
RESENT MAYOR PHELAN'S*DISCRIMINATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
A reasonable explanation of tnc aesire of Gomez
to be President of Cuba appears at last to have been
found. A campaign fund of $500,000 has been sub
scribed.
Evidently Oom Paul doesn't propose to let Rob
erts pen him v.p in Pretoria and batter him to pieces
v.jih lyddite shells. He intends to stay in the open
and have some fun himself while the fight lasts.
Picnic Among the Redwoods.
¦ Committees were appointed yesterday to
make arrangements for the annual picnic
of Mission Dolores parish, which Is to be
held at Mirabel Park, In the Sonoma red
woods, June 20. The committees are made
up as follows:
ricnlc— M. A. McAvoy, Leo J. McKenna,
Rev J. J. Conway.
Printing— E. J. JicGivern, J. J. Crowley, J.
Kavanaugh.
Music— Rev. J. J. Conway, Thomas F.
Qutnn, M. A. McAvoy. • •„"
Floor— E. .T. McGivern. T. Mahoney, T. F.
Quinn. E. J. Lynch, William McCarthy, J.
Reception— John O'Neill, J. J. McKlnnon,
James Quinn, J. McDonald, M. Hayden, P.
Shea, M. Sween*y. 1». Cotawl.
Games and prizes— J. Hickey, J. Cannon, W.
J. Glennon, T. DufTey. J. O'Neill. M. Mur
phy A Quinn, J. McDonald. William Brawe,
J. McLaughlln. Thomas Gardiner. W. Brady,
Thomas Ruaul, M. Irwln, Thomaa Birming
ham. - -¦V----'
THE BRITISH &T PRETORIA.
6
Cal. glace fruit 50c per H> atTownsend's.*
Now ready. July styles Standard" pat-
terns. Domestic cmce, 1021 Market st. •
Special information supplied dally t->
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau I Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1!M2. * •
La Tosca, the great Indian cobra at the
Philadelphia Zoo. has been under close
scientific observation for twenty-two
months past, during all of which time the
reptile has not tasted a morsel of food.
The best regulator of the digestive organs
and the best appetizer known Is Dr. Slegert'a
Angostura Bitters. Try it.
AilUSEIVLENTS.
A^arar— "Htx-Y.o."
Orj:heuia— Vaudevl!>.
Columbia—^Wher. We 'ttVre Twenty-cne.'
<:a:iforn!a— '"A Has Fialiy."
T:vu!i— "T^i-e Three «Juar<3?roen."
Olyisp'.a. iorr.er Mason and KJJy streets— Sre^la'.'.irs.
Chutes. Tio anl Theater— Vaudeville every afternuun and
cvralaf, '=
F":sch«T'» -"A!da" and "MSffnoa-"
t-utro P.aclis — Or'Cn r.'.shts.
AUCTION SALES.
Ey A. W. lA-nJ»rt.irk- Tbnradsy. Jun* 7, at 3 o'clock,
rarkiSii Hups. 2.1 comer Geary a^d Stockton streets.
Picnic— M. A. McAvoy. Leo J. McKenna, — i .¦ ,u mlhm ,n iiirggllM AWt'lll j 1 ,g^ff < 6V l ;r'~""' ' MUHWOWM Llf j*;7^j-i-y f^*i^Lf i^t- : r.f T^'/ < gg l «^P
Rev. J. J. Conway. l^ 51^"^"""?^^^^^^^. I
Printing— E. J. McGivern, J. J. Crowley, J. ¦ " J r ' .
Reception— John' O'Neill, J. J. McKlnnon, H
James Quinn, J. McDonald, M. JIayden, P. pi
Shea, M. Sweenry, L. Cotawl. rj_ —^^ — — — —^— — — — —
Games and prizes— J. Hickey. J. Cannon, W. \ '¦"'&¦•¦
J. Glennon. T. DulTey. J. O'Neill. M. Mur- I
phy. A. Qulnn. J. MoDonald. William Brawe, |J
J. McI^auKhlin. Thomas Gardiner, AV. Brad*-. ||
Thomas Ruaul, M. Irwln, Thomaa Blrmtng- j
/"^^(fS^s 1 I THE MOST THRILLING I :
J^^^k I Ex P eri " I of sanSrancisco's I His
. JSHwS^k 1 ences I ow M0ST F^npri-
1 1 FAMOUS PAINTER. [ LX P eri
1 I Orderly g around the paris | as I
Don't I to I EXPOSITION. phvQirian
I I By riiy^iuiaii
Let Disease 1 Lord § CENEVIEVE GRE ™ j t o
Destroy your health and happiness. H |\ODf*f*^*5 H~ ¦ I /* 4-
If you have symptoms of approach- H .w^i *,c». g niurn riD! ini^ UfaflU
ing trouble do not neglect proper U . fi ™t SUMMER GIRL AND , ""M
"badache. ¦ i By I her I Garfield
NERVOUSNESS. V | ALFRED I rnDrrn|lc />n\VWC ' ¦¦^¦«
and ii littlewood I GORGEOUS GOWNS. - .
STOMACH DERANGEMENT |« C a, j ,. . ¦ I' 1' uflU Oilier
Are the first symptoms" that indl- H WI A'amcda, Cal. K ~
cate approaching^dlsease. Impure m n Wn*ikl/\r>
blood is the cause. Purify your |i | r|rT | ft »i FAQHinVQ W UtaUlCS.
blood and correct the trouble. p] | rlLHUN, rAoillUNd, 9
ELECTROZONE fs the most effec- m * DAHI/C — — — — — — — — -
tual of all blood purifiers. It on- H ¦ f BUUhO t
riches the corpuscles of the blood, II B . ' . t -t-«. .«• t I %
giving the blood purity, richness ra Sj And Stones ot 1 nnllmg Interest, g
and nourishing power. , Bi I *
MENTS. STOMACH TROUBLES* B - ¦ " • '
FEMALE COMPLAINTS. CA- H ,
TARRH and ALL BLOOD DIS- . H
I ...THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL...
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., S. F. f|KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
OIOXTREAL. Ju=e t— The r»*u!ar nwathly
numbers for Jane cf Use Cir.v.ian Royal Art
Union, by which the wlasiag prizes of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was heUt hrrt
t»-<J*y. Tfce first six prties wwre: K.53S. K3.CW;
74.473. H*»; «.7T3. PM0; 8LS31. fcCCO; X4.n:.
$:«•;: sa.23. cc«. •
Sheriff Cited for Contempt by Judgs
La-wlor to Make a Test
Case.
Owing to the depleted condition cf the
city treasury. Sheriff Lackznann was un
able to obey an order of court and din*
the jury In Judge Law'er's de
partment N)f * the Superior Court Tues
day eveniBir. he beta^ unwilling to take
the risk of being forced to himself bear
the expense thereof. Judge Lawlcr has
cited the Sheriff to appear and show
cause why he should not be puni3hed for
contempt. These proceedings will test
the law providing for the support of Ju
ries and making such support a charg*
against the city and county. Judgps ot
the criminal courts and the Sheriff are
anxious for the test. After paying for
Its own meal, the Jury fousd Jamn Platt
guilty of grand larceny.
WILL DETERMINE LAW
ON FEEDING JURORS
dentally, as it were, he has given us some
work unsurpassed in loveliness. What he
cared for was significance. To make his
ver*e full of meaning, to put as much red
hot experience as possible Into the given
line was his constant effort: and In this
no one has ever succeeded better than he.
It is no wonder that people long thought
him obscure, and that Tennyson laid the
«pell of his most melodious numbers upon
the oubllc ear long before the potent,
penetrating force of Browning's work
made itself felt.
At first sight. Indeed, the contrast, be
tween the po«try of Tennyson and Brown
tng seems striking, absolute and extreme.
And yet the longer one thinks and the
more one contemplates them from a dis
tance, with a larger sweep of wisdom, the
more evident it becomes that the same
age gave them birth. In differing ways
their work Ls the expression of deep, un
derlying forces wholly identical, and we
may read In them, if we will, the spiritual
history of their generation. Looking at
them from this point of v^w. what does
their vast and varied work reveal?
It shows us in the first place a period
entirely preoccupied with interest in hn
mar.ity and in human experience.
One might suppose that this was always
the case with pootry: but It had not been
so In the preceding age. To "Wordsworth
and to Shelley nature had been quite as
Important a subject for poetry as man:
the study of her expression In different
phases, the Interpretation of her life, oc
cupied much of their imagination. She
was to them no mere background, but a
mighty, living power, perhaps the chief
joy and the chief consolation granted to
Hew Telephone Numbers.
Commenctaifr thl3 norebs at 7 o'clock
the telephone numbers for the various de
partments of The Call will b«: For th»
business off.ee. "Press 201": masazins
editor. "Pres3 207": editorial rooms. "Press
203; : * rr.aiUnir room. "Press 2Ot" This ar
ranseir.ent will enable any one to rearh
the different departments with the small
est possible delay. •
their passions, as in the Jaeofc-an drama;
they move in freedom. A fatalistic ma
terialism threatened, during much of th«
time -while Tennyson and Bro-wniiis wer*
writing-, to dominate English thought.
Never for one moment does either of these
great imaginations yield to it. Tennyson
in "In Memoriam" is fighting hard against
the insidious foe; nobly he wins the day.
As for Browning, in almost his every
poem tiie power of hi3 art is expended ia
fixing attention, breathless, on one issue.
"Life's business bein? Just the terrtSl*
choice." shall a given sou! which wa ara
watcliing- at the crisis of its fate rise or
fall? "Life Is probation, and this earth
no seal, but starting-point of man." Sucb
i3 the constant burden of hi3 message.
And the wonderful thing about his work,
as about that of Tennyson, ia the constant
vista which it opens into the eternal and
unseen. Man. ia his little life al action.
of passion, of desire. Is sTirroundeti by
spiritual forces, half guessed, half Ig
nored making for redemption or for loss.
This is the gist and cpshot of all that
lovelv series of poems in whica modern
fact "is veiled in anoient legend, but not
conceaJed— "IdylU cf the Kinc" This is
the underlying consciousness In all
Browning's great early dramas, as In his
monologues, and pre-eminently in the
masterpiece of his» maturity. "The Rlcg
and the Book." To compare this strange,
sienincant epic with the supreme expres
sion of the mind cf the renaissance in th»
Shakespearean drama is to feel how char
acteristic of the Virt.ori.an aga 13 this ob~
•v«^ion with the spiritual aspect of human
experience. In Shakespeare's plays th»
curtain drops at the end. and "the rest Is
silence." In Browning's epic, as In th«
leading poems cf Tennyson, the drama
proceeds to be sure, here on th!s vl?!M«
world, but we are aware of mystic light
and melodies thrnasn all the natural se
quence, and at the end we remain con
scious that all the lines have converged
toward some unknown yet assured future
In which the action shall find a ccmniete
nf>!>s not vouchsafed it here.
In the last analysis the most distinctive
characteristic of our Victorian poetry I*
it« witness to the reality of the life of the
spirit. It Is a pedestrian poetry in a way.
not winged like that of th« period which
preceded It carries us up no mountain
peak?, into no blue, mythological heaven
of dreamlike b*auty. It moves amonsf
men. facine actual conditions familiar to
cs all. But in the*e conditions. In this
very world. It recognizes the presence of
miracle and mystery. TO may say of
each of our jrreat poets, in the ringinc
words nsed by Bmwnlns himself, words
which form a fitting epitaph. "He at least
believed in soul, he was very sure of
God."
Note— The concluding statfr In this
series will be published to-morro"5r.
TO RID THE CITY OF ITS
MANY FEMALE QUACKS
Deaths rrom Criminal Operations
Arouse Police and Doctors to
Activity.
The police and tho State Board cf Phy
sicians are determined to put a. stop to
¦women practicing medicine without being
duly licensed. It is impossible to secure
convictions of the female quacks who
commit criminal operations resulting la
the death of so many women, and it has
been decided to have them arrested when
ever possible on the charge of practicing
without a license.
Yesterday Dr. Charles C. Wadsworth
applied to Judge Cabaniss for a warrant
for the arrest of Mrs. Dora Fuhrig. She
had attended a little girl. Gertrude
Blanchfield, 363 Eleventh street, and when
the child died she signed the certificate
cf death "I>ora Fuhrttj. M.D." The Judg»
susrg-ested that one of the child's parents
should swear to the complaint, and Wads
worth iaft, saying he would get one of
them to do so, but did not again appear.
Mrs. Fuhri? has been arrested several
times for murder, but has always been
acquitted.
ROBERT BRCvVNTNG-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
XXIV. THE AGE OF TEXITS'SON
AND BSOWIIING.
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER. V
We arl likely to forget now what was j
doubtless a notable factor in the con- ;
sciousness of both poets — the nature of i
their reception by their contemporaries. •
Nothing could present a stronger con- i
trast. Tennyson from the first was the '
darling of the English pecp!e: hailed by ;
his college friends as the poet of the fu- j
ture even In -his '-prentice days, rejoicing
almost steadily in applause that deepened !
as charming volume succeeded volume, j
honored by the laurel greener from the i
brows of Wordsworth, by a substantial !
pension from the government, by the fa- ¦
vor and friendship of the Queen. No such '
shower of prosperity fell to the lot of
Browning. Recognized indeed from the !
first by a. chosen spirit here and there, he ;
remained for many 'a year in obscurity ,
so far as the general public was concern- j
ed: long ignored, and when the bulk and I
force of his woik fairly brought him at
the soul. All this i* changed in th» Vic
torian pcet5. Nature is still lovely. In
deed, but she has slipped back into a
purely subordinate position, and the
drama cf human experience 211s the Trhcl*
foreground. ••The r.eed of a world of
c-en. as Browning put It, possesses them:
Became cow self-acn'-Jaiaters.
And saint can. man, wSaterer tt* Issue.
Tn- human life on which their gaze Is
thus concentrated is life individual, not
eenera!. The poets of the Revolutionary
period had chan;e<i their love of a ccllec;-
Sve humanity and their a5piratlona for its
freedom. The Victorian poets chant not
man. but men. The individual holds them,
and so far as In them 11^3 they p!uc!< out
the heart of his myatfry. Look at Ter.
ryson"s "Maud." of "Enoch Arden." or
that most wonderful .'earchin? into the
secrets of a single soul. hi3 "In iiemor
iarn." Look a: Bro'srr.in?'? array cf dra
matic monologues, his "Andrea de! Sarto."
his "Fra Lippo Lippt. 1 his "Bishop
Blougram." hi* "Monk of th<? Spanish
Cloister.' hi* "Caliban.* hia "St. John."
and say whether any age ever added nor*
types of temperament and passion to the
world o* the imagination.
Finally and most Important, their inter
est centers in men as spiritual and moral
beinsrs- Their characters are no prey to
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Gaelic saiied for Hongkong via.
Honolulu; Yokohama. Kobe and Shanghai
yesterday. She took away an unusually
large cargo of flour and general merchan
dise. The following cabin passengers
went away on the steamer:
For Honolulu— Mrs. A. K. Aona, R. M. Arn
strcng; C. G. Ballentyne. J. 11. Bright, ilrs. J.
Campbell. Miss Campbell. Miss Alice Campbell.
Bruce Cartwrisht, Bruce Cartwright Jr.. Mis»
Kathleen Cartwright, J. P. Cock. Mrs. M. K.
Cook. Miss Irene DLxcn, F. W. Iicfirrnann. Mrs.
F. XV. Dohrmann, J. R. Fulton, A. Gartenbers.
Mrs. A. Gartenbers, W. Heyd-.rr.ann. Miss Al
ice Holt. MUs EHza Holt. MS53 Lizzie Holt.
Misa E. Howe. C. W. Luther, Mrs. W. P.
Lather, Cfcarles Mathcsca. Mrs. Storan. Molo
ney, J. CJ. Xoonan. Mrs. K. L. Fiver, Miss G.
Fiver. MI=s Peirl Pierce. \V. I. Re*d. Dr. P.
H. Reid. Mrs. R. H. Red, L. A. Rostln as«
child. \V. P. Roth. W. A. Sauer, E. U. Termej ,
J. A. Tuthill, H. A. Welhe, C. WUooz, Miss
M. Wilecx. Mi£3 L. Wilcox and Miss Sadie
Wilson.
For Tokohama— S. Hashimoto, Dr.. David
Starr Jordan. W. Kobayashl, Rev. T. II. Mc-
Nair, Mrs. T. 31. JicNair, J. O. Sayder and
T. Kateda.
For Kobe-F. II. Hopler. MI33 D. E. Osfies
and iliss E_ Talcott.
For Shanghai— Skerrett Rogers. Mrs. Skerrett
Rogers and child and Rev. Plus Trovarelll.
For Hongkong— Lieutenant W. H. Allderdlce.
X. Bentz. Mrs. N. Bentz, C. Clift, Dr. G. V.
Costisia. Dr. E. Davis, J. Eslick, Dr. J. T.
Kennedy, Dr. George A. Lung. Lloyd M. Rcb
bins, W. Rivington and Rosa Thomson.
Among- the passengers who went away
on the Gaelic was David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University, who goo3 to Japan
on a fishing expedition. During his explo
rations of the inland waters of the Mik
ado's kingdom Dr. Joraan expects to se
cure many rare piscine specimens.
Dr. George A. Lung. U. S. N.. who has
had so much trouble with his wife in the
divorce courts, will join one of the vessels
of the fleet now in Chinese waters. Al
White, known to nearly every man-of
warsman in the United States navy, was
another passenger by the Gaelic. Al gees
to Manila, where he will opea a first
class saloon.
Customs Collector Jackson has received
a letter from Acting Secretary of the
Treasury O. L. Spautding in relation to
the stopping over at Honolulu of steamers
of the Pacirlc Mail Steamship Company,
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company and the Toyo Kisen Kaisha.
while on their way from San Francisco
to Japan. The laws of t£e United States
with reference to shipping will go into
effect at Hawaii en June 14. and for that
reason all shipping men will be interested
in the letter, which ia as follows:
Collector of Customs. San Francisco: Sir —
Referring to section S3 of the act approved
April 30, 13C0, entitled "An act to provide a
government for Hawaii." the attention of the
department has been directed to the fact thai
it is the practice of the Pacine Mail Company,
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany and the Toyo Kisen Kaisha. to permit
passengers buying tickets from San Francisco
to Japan <jr vice versa to .proce^l by vessels
of the foreign companies named to Hawaii,
with a stop-over r>rivil»j?e at Honolulu avail
able for a relatively short time. Honolulu not
being the destination or ultimate landing place
of thes« passeriir?rs. The passengers avaiMn?
themselves cf thl3 privilege are siibsequeEtly
carried to their final port of destination by an
other vessel of one at th»se three lines operat
ing- under a Joint schedule.
The department has under consideration the
question o* the legality cf this procedure, ar.il
pending it3 final decision upon the matter you
are hereby authorized to permit the practice
hitherto in vo^ue.
The Overdue Henry Clement.
The gamblers in reinsurance got a sad
setback yesterday. Last week the news
came from England that the Her.ry Clem
ent, on which S5 per cent was paid, had
arrived at her destination. The Liverpool
Journal of Commerce, commenting upon
the news on May 13. .said: . •
To hcM the record for slow sailing: is an
achievement of which few ship owners are de
sirous, and is in Its way a novelty. While Ger
many possesses the fastest vessel afloat that
country owns the slowest one also. The Hen
ry Clement fcas arrived ence more. Two hun
dred as<l nincty-cne days from Hamburg- to
Kiaochau direct. Her reinsurance premium
has risen on two occasions to &) guineas per
cent within the last two years. In IS3S she
arrived at Sasta Rosalia. Cal., after a pass
age of 143 days from Hamburg. MoreoTer, Cap
tain Albrandt seems to avoid signaling other
vessels In crder to relieve anxiety. The victual
ing of a vessel for nice months and a half
is no easy matter; and. of course, in the case of
a sailinz vessel, she is generally without such
machinery as condensers. At any rate, her
receat achievement Is the longest voyage ev-r
made.
Acting upon this advice, the underwrit
ers here paid up and Ipoked peasant. A
number of the gamblers received largre
checks and there was great rejoicing: 'on
tho floor of the Merchants' Exchange in
consequence. Now comes the news, how
ever, that the Henry Clement has not ar
rived at Kiaochau and that reinsurance
on her is again being quoted at SO
pufneas. The brokers are now hunt
ing up their clients and getting back the
money paid out under the impression that
the ship had arrived. It Is not .ill plain
sailing, however, as some of the gamblers
protest strongly against returning he
money they received.
Strike at Oregon Dock.
The longshoremen employed by the Or
egon Railway and Navigation Company
went out on strike yesterday morning.
They have been getting 30 cents an hour
and 40 cents for overtime for months past.
but a few days ago they came to the con
clusion that an advance on those rates
was in order. Tuesday night they made
a demand on the boss stevedore for 40
cents an hour and 50 cents an hour over-
time. Their demand was refused ,-uid yes
terday morning the men refused to work.
The boss stevedore searched the water
front from the Mail dock to Meisrgs wharf
for labor, but could not secure a man.
He went to the employment agencies, but
failed again there, so he went back to
the wharf and agreed to pay the long
shoremen the rate they demanded. The
men went back to work and everything
Is now moving along quietly around the
Oregon dock.
Harbor Commissioners Meet-
Messrs. Kilburn. Harney and Herold
were all present at the meetine of the
Harbor Commission held yesterday. Chief
Wharfinger Henderson reported that ow
ing to the fact of the steamer Ukiah lying
in the freight ferry slip at Lombard street
all night the steamers Sausalito. Encinai
and Transit were gTeatly inconvenienced
at times. President Foster of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway will confer
with the commission to-day in order to
straighten the matter out.
The matter of dredging Channel street
between Third and Sixth streets was dis
cussed. Chief Engineer Holmes reported
that 133,571 cubic -vards would have to be
dredged, at an average cost of 10 cents a
yard. On the motion of Commissioner
Herold. it was (decided to notify all the
people who had petitioned to have the
creek dredged and also all the owners in.
terested in the work that the board would
like to confer with them on the subject.
A second -petition was received yester
day asking the board to dredge Channel
street between Sixth and Seventh streets.
The petitioners were notified that the
matter would be considered as soon as
the question of dredging from Third to
Sixth streets was settled.
C. W. Cramer. 723 Sansome street, of
fered to sell the commission jthe north
west corner of Lombard and Winthrop
streets, having a frontage of 91 feet with
a depth of 114 feet, for $12,300. Mr. Cramer
pointed out that there was -tS.0217 cubic
yards of the best rock on earth. In the
lot. The secretary was Instructed to not
ify Mr. Cramer that the commission was
not buying rial estate.
Water Front N<Jtes.
The little schooner Prosper, which left
here May 23 for Nome, has not fared very
well so far. After getting outside she ran
Into . the northwester and was driven
down the coast. Finding he could make
no headway. Captain Helander ran !nto
Monterey Bay. He then * decided he had
enough of the trip and Captain Ryfkogel
went from here and took command. An
other start for the gold fields was made
yesterday, ¦
Bears Away Many Cabin Passengers,
but Very Few Chinese — David
Starr Jordan Takes Passage
Steamer Gaelic Sail3 for
Hongkong via Hawaii
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
An impression has got abroad' that the
Board or Education has got it3 little ax
out and the various city schools are duel
ing low, with the hope of saving their re
spective heads.
Four high schools are too n any for the
school population of San Francisco, and
the board, whose watchword is ever.
economy, finds that consolidation in this
case may be utilized with protlt and with
out injury.
The possibility of a consolidation In the
high schools is realized by none more
keenly than the teachers of the respective
schools. They understand that tt 13 a
case of the survival of the fittest, or
rather of the best attended school, and
the graduates of the grammar schools are
being flattered in a way that pleases them
mightily and will make a fair division oJ
Thus far the Lowell and Polytechnic
high schools have sent out spielers to
describe the many advantages of the
schools they respectively represent. Mr.
Young has gone forth from the Lowell
High gathering in as many as h2 can and
making an especial bid for the giris.
Youns is the possessor of unusual elo
quence and his talk to the (.Iris is a
happy mingling 1 of sense and sentiment.
In the first place Mr. Young lias told the
maids cf their remarkable influence for
cood ove~ the lads, and In the name of the
moral good of the high school youths he
has asked the girls to come to his school.
Incidentally he has mentioned that the
course of study at the Loweil is higher
than that at the Girls' High School, leav
ing the girls to draw their own conciu-
S Mr. Ham is acting as special envoy for
the Polytechnic High School, and during
the past few days has been exploiting to
misses and lads the man> v advantages of
a higher business education. Of course, to
get a business education they to go
to the Polytechnic School, and so they
may see the pleasant surroundings the
Polytechnic would afford them and judge
for themselves they have been extended
an invitation to visit the school.
The Girls" Hiffh School and the Mission
High School have not sent out an advance
agent to drum up high school recruits,
the faculty o( the Girls" High School Is
unanimous in deelarir.jr such a bid for the
patronage as unprofessional. They are
naturallv indignant, and while they would
not think of doing such a thing them
selves they are not averse to speaking a
good word for themselves and letting their
many pupils do likewise.
Of course, if the spirit of trade is to
become part and parcel of the schooi3
there is nothing more appropriate than
that the Instructors should set the ball a
roiling. But with the children it reem3 to
be a case of the embarrassment of riches
and is for them just a bit confusing.
Grammar Graduates Are Being Flat
tered and Their' Patronage Solic
ited in Up-to-Date Busi-
ness Fashion.
Possibility of Consolidation
Makes Teachers Bid
HIGH SCHOOLS
HAVE CLEVER
SPIELERS OUT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
last before the genera! eye still longer
the butt of unintelligent ridicule. Only
•when he was quite an old man, too old
to feel much excitement over human
fame, though not too old to derive pleas
ure from it: did the tide turn- When
once it turned, however, it rose with sur
prising, with almost ludicrous, rapidity.
Browning the neglected lived to see socie
ties scattered over the English-speaking
world gravely devoted to the study of his
work3, to win a sort of treatment perhaps
never before afforded to a living author,
to b« hailed not "only as great poet, bur
aa prophet and spiritual gruide. Ke took
his honors calmly, as one -would expect
from the poet of "The Ulr.z and the
Book." And now that it is all over, that
we can look back and appraise his work,
we can see that the poetry of Browning.
HXe that of Tennyson, has become part of
the best heritage of th«? English race, has
entered' into the very blood and sinew of
the public thought and faith, a penetrat
ing, one may almost say a re-creating
There are many reasons for this differ
ence In the swiftness -with -which the -work
of the two poets found recognition. One
of these reasons 13 patent: it lies in the
contrast of their artistic method. Tenny
son's aim first and always was beauty and
perfection in style. Hi3 workmanship,
whether in blank verse or In lyric, was
unrivaled. No modern poet has given us
so many of those
Jewels fire words lcn?. _
"Which en the strstcheii forefinger ot Time
Sparkle forever.
In Browning:, on the other hand, the
aim of art had changed. He cared little
for conscious beauty, though almost inci-
DANTE GABRIEL ROS5ETTL
7
HOUSE FURNISHINGS. •
I (JjijC---*- FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING, <^-~ > ||
§ BLOCK, SIXTEENTH STREET, FROM MISSION TO CAPP STREET. |
I A Great Sale of I
1 "* £* ° §;
§ A SALE THAT WILL SET THE PACE FOR THE ENTIRE SEASON. - ' § j
| First Showing of WAKEFIELD'S Children's ||
| Carriages in San Francisco. *si
O 9 ¦¦
g It is a line that is never questioned as to material, design, workmanship or finish — § I
G trustworthy alwavs and together — it's the WAKE FIELD line. © !
° * • i
§ We Strove fop an End and Achieved It, 9
O It's a line with all the "chic" and elegance peculiar to the Wakefield styles. But the %
O whole story cannot be told in an advertisement, and the few designs we show can only indi- 2 i
® cate the comprehensiveness of the line, and that as to prices no serious rival can possibly ® !
g exist. g|
g /H£j|g=*TO OUT-OF-TOWN RESIDENTS ONLY we mail our beautifully illus- §|
cj fg|§£y trated Children's Carriage Catalogue. Write for it. g I
2 This carriage is a masterpiece of Baby not compelled to sit up. as in j Go-cart, made of reed, with shellac ®
a (jei»i"U s^-.d* Vork~.ar.=hip being full j other go-carts. Handsome go-cart 'finish; is full size and has cane bot- 2
O sile—of best selected rec^d-^ane seat j and i" v '' tin ? bab . v carriage combined, jtom. The upholstering is of velour. §
O and velour" V^hohtenng. The' para- ! A slight foot presscre iowers back, ; The wheels are of steel, finished ia q
O col jj d-'I-'-iTv "f.ou'nced " The s*teel ! raises footrest and your go-cart be- : green enamel and have Century rub- O
0 "°% c^-c; bs.\c Centnrr rubber t":re«. ' comes a roomy carriage, comfortable \ ber lire; wheels fitted with Wake- O
9 ,rith Wakefidd latent "*oot brake. I as a cra dle. So simpie a child can [field patent foot brake. Parasol is ©
1 1$|§||||| ! egi£=^^ WS^Th^h |
I AH Roads Lead to Pattosien's, cop M?s p si s o ! n xt It e n n e t e h ts. and !
Qcg9OGoeooog8ooo»»oocce9O»eeccoo9ooeo8ceooo8aeeesoecgg8eeeMo«aocc9o
&2ZUSEHZITIS. AMTJSE3IZNTS. ¦? — ¥
¦' im *^^ n n S V\£i S^ 5 *** ILr 5^L *^J y^ **J Ji MjL I / v
LSyLeJ s^ a Osfr xrxxh* /SVuCflTDrfli OIL
Z^K^Z 1 NIGHTS and MATIXEE SATCRDAT. ig£ "J"^^ F£ '
v c XAXJXB "THF, HTT OF TRF. YF.ART" > ells ali - ap.ot-.-d us.
' ? '• 1 1 WF I ii L L L M M EVEBT NIGHT AT 1:15. OIL SEEPAGES AND OIL
UUUUlllll l«tUIWll! MATINEE SATCRDAT. SANTFTOXE ON THE OPHIR
»TT-.xr-rt TiirrkiTrk A IT d^^ 1& "W r \k II W 6 ! NON-ASSESSAELE.
Begrinmng NEXT MONDAY, \ fe^T /% KB | — | a a y ' Dieted and c^rat^ by i«uite« hasl .
U P I l AD EKA.S m DA-T^N ADVANCE OPHIROILCOMPANY
ff\ |^ 5 B LJk w\ . -Mills Building, San Francisco.
ii V. JLaaM M-^m R,^m 1 \. M. m. Xxs Ans;les Offlce. *CZ Douglas Block.
SEATS NOW READY. %^^S^§^6^^^^^ TTiL U u r i nt*
The Holdfast Clip
'^/0^^f/^k^^^^ pQf EvS^laS^eS,
%M&U£§£g£l^&X*f%&Sgk JOE HARTS VAUDEVILLE CO. . . v - T * U1UJ^^^'
¦ r^i tTuri-inia "-¦ ¦¦¦ i ¦ rmvmwm — - Q _j fi-nrtenm C + q»-> It ts tfce only nose piece that so1t» s th« prob-
nAvjT I MATINFF Urpneum Ciars. l<»ni of ea«r. f.nn adjustment, with stoplldty
L>l -' i> • _ il, l r> * . w JOE HART AND CARRIE DE MAH acd nearness of construction.
FORGET TO-DAY. 1= 'A CLOSE CALL." Oculists' prescriptions CJ1M. Factory on
.... m« ¦ m mi «» FXETRfl"! E and FRANK GARDINER. MR. premises. Quick repairing:. Phone. Mi'n 13
n.,... £ JJwI-v c £11 HA^T tra mes. jimmie baert: miss lil- " a "
LCnnS & njlsj S ALL-Olfln UAOI| ! liax ei-rkiurt >n.i co., 0 /* t 0 /f *. /9.
¦ ' ;. rI rnrr Prwruirz 'HER SOLDIER BOT." JLlM *%. LA*- /T \//Z
K' ATT^EW^ ANDBULCER 6SEAT STAE3 IK THE BEST
MATThEWb ANU BUUUtK. BILL CP THE SEASON. W *&**/ +*4/g \9MVIVI *rV.J
£i 5—jj 221, ,1 "¦""" TO " >aT - ""^ >=J "—» 642 Market 5t. ip
"A RAIt BABY sutro baths roTMMUBUM^tiwnit
X*. A****' *T±.M^ A. OPEN NIGHTS. ¦ -
SEXI SUNDAY M5H7- The limtilfH of Own daily from 7 a. m. to U p*. m. nn „ . . f ,_ ncI , r , r nl> , Tfln n«mra
, : „ r ; - : - a tin soLDiER." ". \™\\ *- C ~~ T £ «. DR. flALL S REI> \ iQORATORSTgy?
a 'fi O arW fl R i remedy stop* ai: I^sse? In 2t J{ \
\~ \*f K fj S d . » , , r»T? pirnrrtc hours, cures Ensiasions. Impo- *Z*S E9r,
M iSr *?tr*f iOT5 U *^ "V.'. AV.//^ ! UK- "lt-KLL S tency. Vartcocele, Gonorrhoea. *Y^ J***
NlZy* .' •ZwA -li^o r *\i"\i *\ Gleet. Fits, Strictures. Lost oil til
t- 1 LPTuir* Marhocd ir.l ill wastlni: effeetj Sffl *X
i-T -? o I Ittli Hit Hfr tfin Tnn M /©SS^^v^^^y* I I III I flill r - s^U-a'oo*! or eic ? < s -?3. Sent K* < %16^;
JnSt a LltliS Bit UII IDS 10p fl??/^ tLUUllllU tealed. O bcttle: 3 bottl«. K. «niaraute«d o
r Bg|) , x ' ¦ .J-TffW nr ..«. cure aay ose. Addms HALUS MEDICAL IX-
.- — . vn i A C-T \^'CTV Ul. . STITUTK. K3 Broadway. Oa^'ir.tf. Cal. Also
SECOND AND LAS I WEEK ThSiga^£c=-^$?~ nil 1. fcr sale at 1073H Market St.. S. F. All private
n » t v» p-^-,..- c "c Crtrz. v^vi^te^ ify* UtmU I I gHeaaea quickly n:re<i. Send for free book.
imif- -*.rrM^l*B VI I I II ZU^- TH13 BEL T IS WAR. ============================
THREE uUHriUOlflLll i ggsiPS^f,tT5^SS^Si£ JL/1K Ea \j 1 UK 1
rre='-rs a' « JIatisee Eatcrfay *t 2. ! Tfce Galrasc=ster theirs its electric current to
«fcuT APPEARA^^ XE f-r^^ S&8J*Las?aa5- iSSW^SS ¦ of responsible houses.
tK^a^cA | g^- iSr^US^t^iYSSfSS Catalogues and Price Lists Mail 9l
08 THE MAGIC HISS." acy disease ca earth that It U po«s!We to ccra nn AnnHnntfnn
wtth electricity, asd it cbtm when ethers OIL on Application.
PCPLLAR PRICES— 25c and oOc. Bey so b*lt tUl you *•< -Dr. Plerc*'«." .
— . t>^ v « "Bocklet No. t." free at cfSce or sent by mall ATTORNEY
. .e.^-c=> »¦ isr m 2<eat nMSiPw teU3 .m about It . Ad2re « F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. K3 CaL. Ctanle by.
¦^"LJlIT'irC «wn 7 C\C\ *JE"CE ELECTRIC CO., coal, cokb and pio irox
<^nu 1 c.2> and 62 o .M. r uct st^ s t. j.c wiLsoN&co.,Tj^s^ er ia!r*j5u.
(On. Palace HcfW). SAN FRAJCCISCO le.epncne jhaia IM4.
Brn* AFTTHNCON ACT ETENIKO. Eartem Offlc—New Tork City. COPPfRSMITH.
¦ JOSEPH FOX Sort. H. BLTTH. Mjr.
-*——^—~'~^^^^~^—^^^-~——"~ r IV CMITH S^P Pluaiblng. Steamboat aad
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW!. f> A l/\ce motel Mw^S^^fegS^asaig: lta3Ct
SPFCTAL TO-NTGHTT Tt * tlsh « t * ElJ * rd , cf ««"e=» J=» !a : fie V'WVZ * CC\ SJUpplns Butchers, 104
OrLulau AU-illtrm • ; t*ls«J tX tise** bcte!» Is recoBTit=*d aad JA5« OUltj U WU« CTay. Tel. Mala St
-,,. ,,,,— . !r i m nnrniiiTiro appreciated by a d!*cr5=j!nattas and fas- . :
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES sSK^SSSS^tS^Sn^icSs; _ rcI -{-liBSa*?? 1^.
LADIES Bricklaying Contest, E£?SfSS££ to *" >-«¦ oI e - 3t -2zz± x
AFTEB TEE VAUDEVILLE. i American C Un. Earcpeac pUn. f t rf,EV^ ' ' PRINTER.
' ~ 7r\ JjTvttici IttUUCJ t ni Saaacma st.. S. F.
Teteghcae for Seats-Park a GRAND HOTEL STATIONED AND PRINTER
n Telegraphic pi DTninfin 30« CaUfornU
yTCPRFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE. " ~~ .Codes. lAJVlfilUUC gtreet .
1 i^uii_ii j Admission IOs. rttrr nnifll Ccreer Fcorth and ~ — : ~
CP.EAT LAlirAREI OPEHA QUARTET AND I * ft I I I 1 1 I W II I Market. S. F. Try ll'HITP i^HCTFiMffti! MINED BT
E1O. AnRAHOFF. la Acti From I 11 H" K I I I II I c«r Epedal Brew I? HHC Ajll jiCAJl WUALi THE BLACK
"AIDA" and -MIGNON." I iH I I HI E"*nj and Laser. DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
SIISS MARTINI, TTEOLEAX SINGER. i Will Im IIW Illla jc. OTerscazs and RI\'EK COLLIERIES. U the Best Coal tn tb*
XUierve-i Sests. ZZc. Uatioee Saaday. I Valissscieckul ffte. cuket. Office a=J X&rd»-C0 Uola street. .
¦¦!—*¦¦—¦¦ — fcia miimii 'JtaBKCEMSBBsi' ' ¦¦ ¦ -stmesaa^HO^
ADVSBTISEMENTS.
TO WOMEN WHO DOUBT.!
Every Suffering Woman Should Read this
letter and be Convinced that Lrdia E.
Fiokham's Vegetable Compound Dots
Care Female Weakness.
" I have been troubled with female
weakness in its worst form for
about ten years. I had leucorrhcea
and was so weak that I could not
do my housework. I also had fall-
ing" of the womb and inflammation of
the womb and ovaries Jp^v
and at., menstrual' ir^l x '.
periods I suffered ter- /r\>jV,_ j>
ribly. At 'times my
back tvould ache f^^^^^^^Sl
Teryhard. I could £=dg3£nragrajgl
not lift anything _rg^S^ lp|plijar/
or do any heavy _ r^r^sS^MplgC
work; was not able . >|*v!i-!r^JfiSa
to stand on my feet. /^ "CZzL~*^3a
I concluded to try your medicine and
I can truly say it does all that you
claim for it to do.
Ten bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and seven pack-
ages of Sanative Wash have made a
new woman of me. 1 have had no
womb trouble since takings the fifth
bottle. I wei^h more than I have in
years ; can do all my own housework,
sleep well, have a g-ood appetite and
now feel that life is worth living. I
owe all to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound. I feel that it has saved
my life and would not be without it for
anything. I am always glad to recom-
mend your medicine to all my sex, for I
know if they follow your directions,
they 0 will be cured."— Mrs. Asrsis
Thompson, South Hot Springs, Ark.
You may have tried some ce-
real, coffee and found it fiat and
tasteless. Try
Cof=farin
a few times and you will find it a
perfectly satisfying substitute for
tea or coffee. ,
Very likely your grocer has cof-
farin ; anyway he can_ get it for
you if you insist upon it.Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $< Rjvi
Sterling Exchange, -sight — . . 4 S8
Sterling Cables — .4 89
New York Exchange, sight....... — • 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — ., 15
Fine Silver, per ounce..;. — CO
Mexican Dollars. it% ¦ 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign quotations .were firmer.
Chicago advanced on reports of. "crop damage.
The ' Northwest reported dry, hot weather. • The
condition ,of the, Ohio crop was given - at 29,
and there were bad reports from Missouri. The
condition of the Kansas crop wan reported 'less
favorable. : The leaders were buying, which
gave the market a stronger ton$. it was tno
Pressed Steel Car 46V4
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd... 77
36<) Pullman Palace Car 182
1,150 Standard Rope & Twine 5
2?,S:0 Sugar 114%
100 Sugar prefd HoVs
3,?iO Tennessee Coal & Iron 70U
C75 United States Leather 10-J1
SPO United Sttttes Leather prefd 65»v»
'M> United States Rubber 25V4
United States Rubber prefd 95H
1,215 Western Union 79? t
460 Republic Iron & Steel 13
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 57
P C C & St Louis 60
760 Third Avenue 112
242,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 2a resr, when |M K & T 2ds 6SH
Issued 103H Do 4s 91V4
U S 2s do. coup. ...103% NYC lsts 11H*
U S 2s reg 100 N J C gen 5s 122
Do 2s ree 109U N Pacific 3s 67^
Do 3s coupon 10314 Do 4s 10«»i I
Do new 4s reg....l34«i N Y C & St L 4S..106H
Do new 4s coup..l3»4|N & W con 4s 97Vi
Do old 4 3 res.. ..114'iiOr Nav lsts Ill
Do old 4s coup.. .115'* Do 4s 102'i
Do 5s res 113 l i Or Short Line 6s. ..128
Do 5s coup tUVi Do con Cs 113
Dlst of Col 8.65g...l22',t Reading gen 4s 8S«;
Atchlson gen 4s....l00* 4 R G W lsts 93Vi
Do adj 4s S4 St L & I M con 6s.U0i&
Canada So 2ds 106\ St L & S F gen 6s.l24^i
Ches & Ohio 4'»s.. 99% St Paul cons 171
Do 5s ."....1174 Si P C & P lsts. ..120
Chi _ N con 7s....l41'» Do 5s 121
Do S F deb 08. ..113 |S Pacific 4s ; 81
Chicago term 4s 95 S Railway 5s 11H4
Colorado So 4s .87 Ftand R & T Cs.... 71
D & R G lsts 102 'Tex & Pac lsts...,113V2
Do 4s i>9H Do 2ds 53
E T V & G UtS.V.lOSU O Pacific 4s 100%
Erie cen 4s 72V4 Wabash lsts 115^
F W * D C lsts... 71 Do 2d.« 102%
Gen Electric ES....12O West Shore 4s 113«fc
Iowa Cent lsts 112 <\Vls Cent lsts 91V4
KC P & G lsts.:.. 72 Va centuries 93
L & N unl 4s 100 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario 63
Crown Point 07 Ophir 42
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 10
Doadwood cO Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry.... 10: do prefd 8 75
Hale & Norcross.. 23 Sierra Nevada 30
Homestake 30 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 13
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket ' 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'Old Dominion 17
Call loans 2'j®3 Rubber 25
Time loans S's*}* Union Pac 54
Stocks— (West End 82
Atchison 25^1 Bonds—
do prefd 72VilAthison 4s 1P0VJ
Am Sugar 114T4 N E G & Coke 5s.. 65
do prefd 115 I Wining shares —
Bell Telephone 3^3 lAdventure 3%
Boston & Albany. .241^ Allouez Min-Co 1
Boston Elevated ..13^) AmalK Copper SSVi
Boston & Maine... .IPl 'Atlantic 22
C B & Q. lCsVii Boston & Mont — 295 .
Dom Coal 11 Calumet & Hecla..7O5
do prefd 117 ! Centennial 17 '
Fed Steel 13V Franklin \2H
Co piWd 67 Humboldt 50
Fitchburg ]>re£d....l33 tOsceola 60
General E!pc 134 (Tarrd 39Va
Edison K 111 200 -jQulncy 135
Mex Cent 124!Tamarack 183
N E G & Coke 18 I Utah Mining 2o^i
Old Colony 206 iWlnona 212
iYrcc York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 6. — Money on call, eapy,
at 1^»'<j2 per cent, last loan, 2. Prime mercan
tile paper, !%©4 per cent. Sterling exchange,
steady, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 S7>2 lor demand and at $4 S4%"f?4 84^ for
sixty days: posted rates $4 SoH@4 SSVi: com
mercial bills, $t S3'.ifi4 S3*;. Silver certificates,
60^6!c. Bar silver. C)e. Mexican dollars, 47Vjc.
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, Ir
regular; raiiroad bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the JUO.COO.OOO gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, J146.731.SS6; gold, $70,S0O,S79.
London Market.
NEW TORK. June C— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram- says:
The news from China frightened the public
here to-day, causing operators to unload stocks.
The rosult was a slack business and general
heaviness. London dribbled American stocks
all day and since neither the Continent nor
New York offered any support the close was
sloppy at the worst prices. Atchlsun preferred
alone held firm, on the Increased dividend.
Paris s#ld Tlntos. Money was quiet.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June C. — Atchlson, 24"i: Canadian
Pacific, 96v» ; Union Pacific preferred, 76*i;
Northern Pacific, 77*4 : Grand Trunk, 7^; Ana
conda, 8%. Bar silver, quiet, 27%d per ounce.
Money, l J ,j@2 per cent.
Nnu York Grain and. Produce.
NEW YORK. June 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
8324 barrels; exports, 2C33 ; sales, 3700 packages;
fairly active and firmer, with ppring patents
held Ec higher at the close. Winter straits
$3 4Cfg3 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, £325; spot. Irregular. >Jo.
2 red, 7S',sc elevator; No. 2 rfd, Sl>,;c f. o. b.
afloat, new; No. 1 Northern Duluth. ?9%c
f. o. b. afloat, prompt. Options were 'active
and stronger to-day, reflecting bullish spring
wheat prospects, backed up by Northwest buy
ing of a conspicuous character. Local shorts
covered freely and outside trade broadened
somewhat. Closed strong nt Tifflo net advance.
July, 72?i'i373 1 ,ic. closed 73',ic; September, 73%
S?74*ie, closed 74?»c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. strong: No. 7 Invoice.
£?ic; mild. firm, but quiet: Cordova. 9 ! ,i@13',4c;
futures closed firm, with prices 2Dff?30 points
Mgher. Total sales reached 43,2>0 bags, and
Included: July, J7 3.VJ7 C"; November. $7 55;
December, $7 C5@7 75; January, $7 60ffl7 75-
March. $7 70(Q7 85.
SUGAR— Raw, strong. Fair refining, 4%c;
centrifugal. !>fi test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
3 15-16c: reflned. firm.
BUTTER— Receipt*. 1O.37S packages ; unset
tled and weak; crenmery. extra. 16(f?l?c; fac
tory. J4$iI6e: Imitation factory. 16@17',ic.
EGGS— Receipts. 14. 199 packages: firm. West
ern, loss off. 12',4<(J13c; Western, at mark, 10^4
®12'ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 6.— There continues a
steady demand for evaporated apples of choice
quality, and the market ruled firm, but with
out any quotable change of values.
California fruits were Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED A PPLES— Common,
IHGSc; prime, 6%@Cc; choice, fi?i@7c; fancy,
7H©Sc
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3<4©7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12V6@14c; Moorpark. 15@
18c. .
PEACHES— Peeled. 16S20c; unpceled. Gff9c.
Chicago Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 6.— Wheat was active to-day
and strong because of anxiety over the North
west crop situation and a reduction In the Ohio
crop figures. July closing lfjl^c over yester
day. Corn closed He lower and oats a shade
higher. Provisions thrived under a good out
side demand and closed strong, a shado to
12V4c to 13c Improved.
Yesterday the wheat pit was half deserted;
to-day It was crowded, and every man In It
was busy. The Ohio crop report started the
advance. It put the condition at 29.30 points
under the Government report for May and the
lowest since 1860. Only ten counties reported
a probability of raising even half a crop. These
figures looked to traders like a practical
wiping out of the Ohio crop, which last year
was 40,000,000 bushels. In the pit It was pre
dicted that the Indiana crop was In even worse
shape than In the ' ulster State. The Daily
Trade Bulletin reduced Its figures on the es
timated winter wheat yield from 374 000 000
bushels to 340,000.000 bu»hels. July wheat opened
a shade hlpher at C7fie7Vic and advanced early
to 67%O67%c, nround which figures the mar
ket hung for gome time. Then the Northwest
damage claims began to show their effect
There were no good rains, the wires reported'
and from all sections came claims of Injury
to the crop. One Dakota center declared that
tw-o more weeks of the present weather would
ffpoll the crop and that under the most favor
able circumstances the Dakotas could raise
only a fair, supply. The damage claims were
given an appearance of sincerity by, the buy
ing orders which accompanied them. The
Southwest had been a good buyer early but
the Northwest soon took the lead -and held It
to the end. During the latter half of the ses
sion July advanced to CSV»c and closed strong
l@l'/4c. over yesterday at 68Kc. The cash trade
was slow. Primary receipts were 455,000 bushels
compared with £36.000 bushelH. last year. Min
neapolis and Duluth reported 331 cars, : against
556 cars a year. ago.. Local, receipts .were flfty
nlne cars, one of contract grade. Clearances
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June «.
St— ir Bonlta. NIcolson. 74 hours from .New
port and way ports.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gilboy, S6 hours from Ta-
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Et«
re sfmr TTmatllla. Cousins. 81 hours from Vic
toria and Pueet Sound Dorts.
Schr J. Eppinger, Skipper, IS hours from
Fl!k9MUL CLEARED.
Wednesday. June «.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; O. R. & J*.
*Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hon_kon_; O. & O.
Steamship Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Mor_an, NanaJmo:
John Rosenfeld'a Sons.
Br stmr Wellington. Ealmond. Che— ia!nus;
R. Dunsmulr Sons' Co.
SAILED.
¦Wednesday. June s.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Dteuo.
Stmr Mackinaw. Uttlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr Newsbow. Hicsrins. Seattle.
Br stmr Wellington. Samond. Chemalnus.
1 Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu.
Br shlo Bardowle. Suiter. Queenstown.
Bark Germania. Rasmussen. Seattle.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 6—10 D. m.— Weather,
thick: wind, southwest; Telocity. 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 1. lat 49 N. long 19 W— Br ship Cambat
kenneth. hence Jan 26. for Queenstow u.
May IS. lat 7 N. long SO W— Br ship ITatter
horn, hence Feb 13. for Queenstowi.
May 31. lat 51 N. lonjr 14 W— Br bark CrlffeL
from Oreson, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
GLASGOW. June 6— Br ship Arctic ftwajri.
bound for Sydney, been In collision, had hole
knocked In DOrt side above water line and has
been docked. DoM _ sTicpoRT _
SEATTLE-Sailed June 6-U S stmr Seward,
• fO iE C ATTLE^Ialled June «-Br stmr Athenian.
f °£E N \°TTLE-Arrlved June 3-Stmr Dlrtira.
from A D?ea? st^mr O>lrab«. <™ u ?l e % hT Sa £«
June 5-Stmr Excelsior, for »g"*&5_*
tie Bennett, for Tak-js; ba.ge Salrley, ror
6 PORT T "HADIJOC1C- Arrived June 8-Schr Ar
th^i™ m nlTnZn-?;$ June
bffieJ ?S?^~ Cc^uriie^Rive 3 :-:
he uSAl^- a Arr 2 i 1 ve<l June 6-Stmr Tlllamook, henc.
JU FORT BRAGO-Arrlre..! June 6-Stmr Na
tional City.
NEW TORK-Arrived June 5-Stmr Alllanca.
from CClon. _ our ., GN - ports.
COLON- Arrived June 5— Stmr Finance, from
Arrlred June 4— Ger ship Alster
"cilEF'oo^S^nfd^une 4-Ger ship BrynhllvJa.
for . J^-^TItLE N S. W. -Arrived .Tun- +-Br
NE • V.» Wrath "to load for San Francisco.
VWHT-PsiiBrf June 4-Br ship
Corunna from Newcastle, England, for San
May 23-Schr Twilight.
bf v C vVCOUVE'n-Arrlved June C-Er stmr Em
,l^Vn' Jaran. from Hongkong.
RUNCORN-Arrived June 5-Br ship Mayfleld.
he FA e LMOUTH-Arrived June 6— Br bark Crif
fel from Oregon.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June 8— Stmr Alameda,
h 'voKOHAMA-Arrivf(l June 6— Jap stmr
America Maru. hence May 1!>.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 6— Stmr Aztec, from
Lo» An~eles.
NEWCASTLE.' Australia— Sailed June I— Br
bark Woolahra, for Honolulu.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 6— Nor stmr Tlta
nla* hence June 2.
NEWCASTLE. N. S. W.— Sailed June 4—
Bark General FalrchlM. for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived June «— Stmr Belgian
Kine from San- Francisco, etc.
AUCKLAND- Arrived June 6— Stmr Alameda.
from Snn Francisco, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
* SYDNEY, N. S. W. -Palled June «— Stmr
Moana. for San Francisco.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 6— Stmr Kai
.iterir. Maria Theresa, from Bremen, for Now
York, via Cherbourg.
DOVER— Passed June 6— Stmr Columnla. for
San Francisco.
CH EH BOURG— Arrived Jvne C— Stmr Phoe
nicia, from New York, for Hamburg, and pro
° NEW YORK— Sailed June 6— Stmr St Paul,
for Southampton; stmr Noordland. for Ant
werp ; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Dullness continued to rule on the Bond Ex
change yesterday morning and there wrere no
changes of any importance.
In the afternoon Giant Powder sold at $SS@
87. this being the only change.
Dividend No. 14. of 20 cents per share on
th» issued capital stock of the Oakland. San
Leandro and Haywards Electric Railway. Con
solidated, has been declared, payable June 13.
The Paauhau Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 30 cents per share, payable on
the 11th.
The Giant Powder dividend of 75 cents will
be paid on the 11th.
WEDNESDAY, June 6—2 p. m-
Bld.Ask. Bid.AsSc.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 2S 2%
4s quar coup.. 1134116 Mutup.l El Co. !>H 11
4s do reg 114^115 O G L & H.... 46U -
4s do cp new..l34V,i34viii Pac L Co — 45
3s do coupon.. 103Vil09»i Pac Gas Imp.. 45>4 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 46% 47
Cal-st Cab 5s. .119 — San Francisco. 4>* 4%
C C Water 5s.lO9V4 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6S..12SH — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — FIrem's Fund.228 —
Gear r-st R as. — 99 Bank Stocks—
H C & S u'is- — — AnClo-Cal Ltd. 63 *7
<j o 5s 105 — Bank r.f Cal. ..410 —
L A Ry 3s lOl'.ilOS'/i Cal S D & T.105 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — First Nation). — 290
Do gntd Ss... — — Lon P & A. ...13214 —
Do gntd 5s. ..100 — Merchants' Ex 13 —
L A & P R 5s.lO2^4 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6S...12S — Savings Banks—
Do 1st M os.HSSi — Ger S & L....133O —
N. C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s. USt4 — Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
Do 5s 117^117% S F Sav U 503 —
X P C R R 63.IOIV4IO2Y4 Sav & L So 74 78
Do 5s — 103 I Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co.... — —
Oak Q L&Hjs.HI — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 6s..— J19 California 122H —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st SO —
Oceanic 3 os.. — 107% Market-st. Ry. 62H 63
Om C Ry Ss.123 — O S L & H... — 43
P & Cl Ry 6s.io«t4— Presidio 15 —
P & O R R 6s. 113 — Powder Stocks —
Pbwell-st R Ca.120 — California ....160 170
Sac L & O R5s — — Giant Con Co.. 87% 87>4
S'F & SJV 5».11SH — .. Vlgorit 2T» 3
P Ry of Cal 6s. 111 1 .; — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s... 114 114V4 Hana S P Co.. '% 7*i
Do <1M)5) 11') HOT* Haw C & S Co — 9<Hi
Do (100«> Ilium Honokaa S Co. — 33%
Do (1912) 1134121 Hutch S P Co. 23«J 26
S P Br 6s 130 — Kilauea S Co. 20»i —
S V Water 6s. .115 — Makaweli S Co 47i* 47%
Do 4 S 103% — lOnomea S Co.. 27% 2<«i
Do 3d mortg.101 lOlVi Paauhau S Co. 31H 32
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 - Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al *»ack Assn. — I1SH
Contra Costa.. 72% 72^ Cal Fruit Asn. — 99
Marln County. 10 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. 84% 95 Oceanic S Co.. 92% 94
Gas & Electric- Pac A F A.... 2 -
Cent O L Co.. - - Pac C Bor Co.143 -
Cent L &. P.... 3^4 - Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Morning Session.
3 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 48 00
35 Contra Costa Water 72 23
- 30 Hana Plantation Co. cash........... 7 7o
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 10a CO
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 46 3.V*
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 46 50
$l,C00 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mt£e)....101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
43 Contra Costa Water 2 2o
6 Giant Powder Con S3 00
25 Giant Powder Con 87 23
43 Giant Powder Con 87 00
10 Giant Powder Con 87 12%
20 Giant Powder Con 87 50
£0 liana Plantation Co 7 75
JO Kilauea Sugar P Co. b 5 20 62Vi
5 Kilauea Sugar Co. b 5 20 75
$10 000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 p c bonds — 117 50
' 60 Pacific Gas Imp 45 50
45 F Gas & Electric Co 46 JO
IS V Water 93 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
120 Home Oil 4 73
300 American Fuel ' 40
ICO Homestake 12 CO
Afternoon Session.
120 Home Oil 4 73
100 National O & D Co / 6 00
.650 West Lake 63.
10 Homestake 12 30
10 City Oil Petroleum 14 00
20 San Joaquin 275
115 San Joaquln 2 83
50 San Joaquin J.9Q
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the rales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange B<x»rd yesterday: 1
Mornlrnr Session.
200 Bullion 02i 2f.O Occidental 13
ICO Chollar 24 200 Ophlr 76
300 Crown Point .. Irtl 630 Silver HIM 43
100 Occidental H' 100 Silver Hill 41
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta 03 0C0 Kentuck 01
100 Belcher 22 300 Overman 13
300 Bullion 03 100 Potosl 21
100 Caledonia 1 JSi WO Sejc Belcher ... 03
600 Chollar S3 1 100 Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Gould & C 1411250 Silver Hill .... 43
300 Hale & Norc... 27! 400 Sliver Hill *t
200 Hale & Norc... 281 100 Union Con 1-
FollowlnK were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Mexican ........ 24
600 Best & Belcher. 29 200 Ophlr •*
150 Crown Point ... C9 2U0 Ophlr '4
200 Hale & Norc... Z6 300 Union Con "1
200 Justice C3 000 Utah .' 1*
500 Mexican 25 800 Yellow Jacket.. 1j
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher M 230 Over— lan iS
200 Chollar 22 300 Potost K
300 Gould & Curry. 14 600 Segr Belcher .... «
200 Mexican 24 100 Silver Hill .... «*»
200 Ophlr 74 400 Utah It
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
WEDNESDAY, June «— 4 p: m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 0. Justice C9 , W
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — K
Andes 00 07 Ldy Washlngtn 02 03
Belcher 22 2^Mixlf.in 23 2t
Best & Belcher. 26 27 Occidental IS 15
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 72 "4
Caledonia ......1 W 1 M,Overman K 19
THE STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- July. Sept.
Opening 5 8% 5 8%
Closing 5 8% 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-D*c.
Opening 20 20 21 90
Closing 20 35 22 00
Flour-
Opening 27 25 23 Bo
Closing 27 45 2S S5 ,
California Fruit Sales.
' CHICAGO. June 6.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Apricots — Royal. 93c
@$1 60 single crates. Plums— Clymans. average
$1 75 single crates. Peaches— Alexanders, C5c@>
i $1 33 box. Cherries— Royal Anne, 50^850 box.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Plums—Cly
mans, Jl 554?1 60 single crate. Peaches — Alex
anders, $1 1001 30 box; Orientals, 93c. Apricots
—Royal,. $131 15. Cherries— Tartarlans, 55<3;5c;
Bigarreau, 70c_?$l 25; Royal Anne, 45c@$l 15;
Centennials. .".5cG$l 05; other varieties. 49®90c.
NEW YORK, June 6. — Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Prunes— Tragedy,
$3 60 single crate. Plums— Red Junes. $3 single
crate; Clymans, $1 68^2 15. Peaches—Alexan
ders. 75c@$l 15. Apricots— Royals, (ir.cfjtl 33;
Blenheim, $1; Seedlings. 50gT70c. -Cherries-
Royal Annes. 75c^$2 05; Blearreaus. 63c@$l 60;
Tartarlans, 70c<g$l 50; Centennials, $1 C5; other
varieties, 2">@70c.
Karl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royal.
75c^?$l 33 single crates. Peaches — Alexanders,
S0c@$l 60. Plums — Clymans. $1 20472 03 single
crates. Cherrif»— Royal Annes. 7Ocf?r$2 05 box;
Black Blgarreaus. 35c©$l 33; Governor Wood,
20tfjS0c;. Black Tartarlans, 30c<g$3 87. Seven
cars fruit sold.
PHILADELPHIA. June 6.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit: Apricots-
Royals (single crates). $1 C2 to SI 25. average
$1 10. Favorable weather. One car sold to-day.
BOSTON", June 6.— Earl Fruit Company sold
California fruit at auction to-day at the fol
lowing prices: Apricots— Royals (single crates),
iOc to $1 53, average. 91c. Peaches— Alexanders,
90c to $1 30, average $1 23. Four cars sold to
day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June C— CATTLE— Receipts. 20,
000; steers, generally 5@10c lower, closing
strong; good clearances; butchers' stock steady,
active. Natives, best on sale to-day, three
carloads at $3 75; Rood to prime steers, $5@5 75;
poor to medium, $4 30#5;. selected feeders, ac
tlve, $« 4O(jT5; mixed stockers, $3 75@4 25; cows,
best, steady, active, common, slow, $3<?i4 CO;
heifers, $3 Io®4 75; canners', weak, $2 .W'73;
bulls, slow, $2 80©4 25: calves. $3®6 S5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 34.000; to-morrow,
32 000; left over,' 4300: generally 2V4'S5c lower.
Mixed and butchers,- $4 95@5 20; good to choice
heavy, $5 10(?5 20; rough heavy, $4 95W5 05;
light, $4 95©5 15: bulk of sales, $5 10<8* la.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 15.CO0; sheep and lambs,
steady to weak, except for best. Good to choice
wethers. $5<ff5 !/>;• fair to Choice mixed. $4 23«?
3 10; Western sheep. $4 73@3 40; yearlings, $5 50
6- native lambs, $5(56 75: Western lambs, shorn,
$S@6 SO; spring lambs. $5@S.
Nczb York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 6.— The feeling In the
metal market was generally weak tinder ad
verse cable news, an Increase In the production
of tin and the continued pressure to sell.
TIN— Eased off about 50 to 70 points and
closed weak at $29 M®30.
COPPER— Lake also eased off, closing easy
at $16 62',_.
PIGIRON— Warrants closed very weak, with
sellers at $15 "for spot, and $13 50 for October
delivery.
LEAD— Was unsettled, but unchanged at $3 S5
<g3 90.
SPELTER— Ruled In easy tone, but quotably
lower nt $4 40©4 45.
The brokers' price for lead was $3 70 and for
copper $16 60^16 75.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., June 6.— Clearings, $362,
274; balances, {31,124.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 6.— Walla Walla, 52c;
valley. 52c: blue stem, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June 6.— Blue stem, lc
lower to-day. Club, 51c; blue stem, 53c.
Foreign. Markets. ,
LONDON. June 6.— Consols. 102@102Vi. Silver.
27%d. French Rentes. lOlf 25c@101f 22V4c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet. and steady: cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 29s 3d; English coun
try markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. June 6.— WHEAT— Firm: No. 1
Standard California. 6s .l»/_d<36s. id; wheat In
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON-Uplands. 4%d. .
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, June 6. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 1 California, 6s '_d5J6s Id; No. 1
Northern spring, 5s 9V»d. Futures— Quiet; July,
5s S%d; September. 5s Sftd. '
CORN — Spot. I steady: American mixed new,
3s llHd. Futures— Firm; July, 2s lid; Septem
ber,! 3s ll%d.
California Thursday with fcg along the central
coast and high temperatures in the interior.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrty
hours ending midnight. June 7. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Thursday with fop
alonK the central coast; continued high tem
leraturt-s in the valleys: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; warmer;
light northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; warmer.
San Frencisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with teg in the morning and afternoon: high
west wind in the afternocn.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 6.— About midway of to
day's session of the ftock market there was a
tise of three points In New Jersey Central on '
rumors of control by Baltimore and Ohio. This |
incident offered an Isolated feature of streneth I
\ In the day's market s.n<\ caused the only brief
respite frcm the mood of depression which jre
valled all day. The rr.cff effective single factor
was the warlike development in China. This
influence u a? reflected in New York from for- j
eigr. stock market"- from the opening her», and
London's actual snles in this market on that
account ran up to about 50,0W shares, half
of which were Atchlson preferred.
Even as a direct influence this Felling had
! a notably weakening effect In so narrow a
market as new prevails. The sympathetic ef- j
marked. Wall street entertains no great ap- i
pretension that the United Ptates will become
indirectly involved in the dlftlcultles in China.
Hut commitments of American capital in for
eipn money markets "and the extension of
American commercial interests have ifrowti to
such proportions that any event which would i
precipitate liquidation in foreign markets must i
l>e reflected directly and strongly In the United |
States. Bennies the news from China, foreign !
markets \ver«< affected by the tightening of the |
rncney rates in Lcndnn and Paris and a
slightly easier tcne In the Berlin money market |
was not sufficient to offset other d^pressinn j
factors. The break in the foreign prices of iron
and rumors of further concessions in Iron i
prices in this country increased the weakness
of stocks both abroad and in this country.
News oi the domestic iron trade were con
fused, reports of declining prices being mingled J
with reports of reopening of some mills re
cer.tly closed down. Tennessee Coal was the
w"ea*iest of tlie steel prcup and lost 2**i. In the
general lift, prices were weak throughout, but ,
stocks vhich have shown some strength re
cently were most affected. Atchlson preferred,
St. Pnul. Ilaltirr.cre and Ohio, Union Pacific and
Louisville were examples. Denver and Uto
Grande preferred fell IH points on rumors of
j the acquisition of the Colorado Midland by
] rival iiuereFts. nnd Great Northern preferred
! declined four points.
The bond market weakened in sympathy with
stocks and on a moderate volume of business.
Trtal Fales. par value. $1,195,000. United States
bonds were unchanged on bid quotations.
SEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
S/'4O Atchinon 2- r .^i
S7.7.V) Atchison prefd T2'_
10.235 Baltimore & Ohio 7S__
2C0 Canadian Pacific .« S3 l «
7W) Canada Southern " £1
l.*0 Chesapeake? & Ohio 27^
4C0 (.'hlcapo Great Western IITb
10.1S5 Chicago Iiurllnston & Quincy 12314
Chicago Ind & Louisville 21
Chicaeo Ind & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 37
YiO Chicago & Northwestern 164
6.2SS Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106 1 ,.
1.110 C C C & J?t Louis DS»i
2f0 Colorado Southern .' 6
930 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43Vi
2S0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
2C0 Delaware & Hudson 112
100 Delaware I-sckananna &. Western.. 173
3f« Denver & Rio Grande .*. 17*;
£00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66H
Erie ll*i
Erie Itt prefd S5',i
f"03 Great Northern prefd 155
Hocking Coal 14
400 Hocking Valley 3*i_
Illinois Central 113
500 Iowa Central 18 :
Ic,wa Central prefd 4S
JflO Kansas City Pittsiburg & Gulf 16\_
100 Lake Krle & Western 27
100 I^ike Krle & Western prefd S3',.
Lake Hhore 212 1 ..
I S.iro lyoulsville & Nashville 7S*g
i 1.210 Manhattan Elevated 89% :
1.1C0 Metropolitan Street Railway U3^i ;
300 Mexican Central 12'i
Minneapol>!< »t S?t Louis C2
lit Mlnnear'Oll!' & £t Louis prefd M
i 7.CT3 Missouri Pacific MH
! Mobile & Ohio 39
j Missouri Kansas & Texas 10V_
410 lilirturl Kansas & Texas prefd.... 32\
4.430 New Jersey Central 121V.
1.7"5i New York Central 130V.
l.S?0 Norfolk & \Vestern 34
Norrnlk & Western prefd 78
4.."3) Northern Pacific 59H
•JGO Northern Pacific prefd 75H
COO Ontario & Western 20»i
Oreeoh-Ilallwny A Nav 42
Orf-Kon Railway & Nav prefd 76
6.310 Pennsylvania 12'J*_
200 Reading 17
5.140 Heading 1st prefd 57",;
Heading 2<1 prefd 29
Rio Grande Western 58*4
100 P.lo Grande Western prefd 87>.
I St Louis & Fan Fran 9T«
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd CS 1 ,;
400 Ht Louis & San Fran 2d prefd "3!_
100 Ht Louis Southwestern 10*i
300 Ft Ixiuls Southwestern prefd 28
10,503 SU Paul 115%
Pt Paul prefd 174Vi
Bt Paul & Omaha IK.
5,910 Southern Pacific 31*;
ir.0 Southern Railway 12
1,145 Sou the— a Railway prefd 54 ,
370 Texas & Pacific 16'.i
S.770 Union Pacific hi
&«0 Union Pacific prefd 73%
K>0 Wabash 7%
7«0 Wabash prefd 20^4
575 WheelinK & Lake Erie S%
2.1C8 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 25
330 Wisconsin Central 15
Express Companies-
Adams 115
1C0 American 153 •
United States 43
Wells Fargo 117
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 34Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd SO
....... American Malting 3V_
American Malting prefd M>_
P00 American Smeltlnz & nef 37Ti
M0 American Smelting & llvt prefd 8S?»
American Spirits 2'i
American Spirits prefd 17
POO American Ste»l Hoop 2OV4
3J5 American Steel Hoo.> prefd 70
8,fC0 American Steel & Wire 34V4
2SS American Steel & Wire prefd 74*.
?23 American Tin Plate 21'._
2-Vl American Tin Plate prefd 70
8.1W American Tobacco 91';
American Tobacco prefd 128 1 *
1.400 Anaconda Mining Co 40%;
8.33.1 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 2S\
! 400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 85%
' 2.2M) Continental Tobacco 24V;
J00 Continental Toba<v.- •-> i>— • fd 79H
4.C50 Federal Steel 33»j
Federal Steel prefd C6V.
2no General Electric 132>_
110 Glucose Sugar 4!>^i
Glucose Sugar prefd..... 98
ino International Paper 21«t
y<0 International Paper prefd CO 1 ,*
100 Leclede Gas 73
210 National Wscult 2S\
National Biscuit prefd SO
! 200 National Lead .;..... 1S%
1 National Jjrad prefd. , 35
S50 National Stee> .%.... 28
¦200 Natlcnal Sfel prefd......: R«u
*!¦_ New Vcrk Air Brake 1J7V.
100 North American 14«i
I>0 Pacific Coast 50
....... Pacific Coast .«tt prefd 83
120 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
4»r. Pacific Mail ; 27*;
3,'jOO People's Gas 'ji%
Charters. !
The Gecrse C. Perkins Joafls redwood at Eu
reka fcr Honolulu. ;
________
Treasure Shipment.
The Gaelic toclc out a treasure list of tlSC.JCS.
ccr.s'.s'Ir.g of J50.000 in Mexican dollars. $71,000
in silver bullion and $lo,S£3 hi Japanese gold
ar.<3 currency.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. A^iMant Treasurer of the
Colled States at San Francisco, reports cash
en hand May "1 as follows:
Vrlted Ptatrs notes f;S.C3-l <V>
Treasury notes of 3*9*1 g6.?'l2 CO
National bank notes 1.0W 00
Gcli eortiacste* 4.53ft 00
Biter certificates
Gold coin D.7S2.9tttt
Standard silver dollars 31,74S.ir.C 00
Subtidia— ." silver coin 3. r 3.2_3 3T.
Minor coin 1*- 371 46
Coupor.s 1.4-4 43
Interest checks, miscellaneous loans 2C3 00
Total $4S.3C«.5C0 CS
Shipments of silver coin from the same office [
fcr the month of May were as follows:
Standard Fllvrr dollars JS4.fno
Subsidiary silver 134.200
Total I-1S. SO0
Condition of Trade.
The New York circular of Henry Clews pays:
"The local situation is sound: an i while the i
"boom' must how be considered a matter of j
history there is nothing discouraging la the
T-ture. The day of abnormal profits Is over |
and «e« net expected to continue. Possiblj- |
some dullness may be experienced until trade ,
eettles into more normal conditions, but this j
mill be only temporary- Merchandise r&lues i
have alreaiy recr-ded considerably from high- j
— 'liter mark, and they cannot decline much I
further Without bringing In a r.ew set of orders i
which have been held back for just such an ;
opportunity. It Is this 'held-back' business j
upon which we can confidently predict a con- i
tinuance of business activity under more etaM" j
conditions than existed six months ago. Credit
I.-.- not b»en unduly erpar.cJed ; overproduction
Js not yet in sight: confidence In the future I
prevails everywhere and there is no visible
check to "new enterprises. The trust mania is
ever and Fpeculation has not been pushed to
the danger point. An important factor In our
lavor is the wonflc-rful increase In the foreign
demand for American manufactures, which is
bound to continue and play an important part
Jn, cur foreign trade returns, as ¦ well as an
unlimited outlet for American skill a:vl en
terprise.
¦•The money market continues in a condition j
favornt.le to operation* for a rise. Bank re- i
fervor are Increasing; there is less prospect of
the treasury injuriously absorbing funds; and j
the epfdal demands for accommodation which
resulted from linancins the big trusts and con
solidations lart year will not be a factor this
eumrner or the coming fall. The demands from
later on; but the monetary outlook In general
tc fcr continued easo. especially since the close
of the African war removes one of the chief
Incentive* for gold vxi»>rtB. Balancing the
Various conditions for and against the market
we are inclined to take a favorable view of
the future. Borne stocks may show occasional
tf-rr.porary v:rakness, tut good securities will
prove a purchase on all decided reactions.
Two important disturbances, the gas and sugar
»ars. are out of the way. and this will remove
mtmt have been serious obstacles to a belter
market."
Big Cargo for the Orient.
The steamer Gaelic sailed yesterday for
Japan and China with a large cargo for th*
Orient valued as follows: China, $115,131 60;
Japan. $C9.?7l 21; Manila. 523.S42 SS; Korea.
J64S SO; Hast Indies. J2S4S 40; Vladivostok.
J206 'Jb; total value. J212.44S 79.
For China— 365 cm groceries and provisions.
$1 cs canned fruits. 3 cs mineral water, 10
cm canned vegetables, C05 kegs nails. 200 cs
canned goods, 15.20 gals wine, 5 cs liquors. 30
pkrs lamp goods, 6!> keps dried f5sh, l.".T'CS bbls
flour. 4.VXJ pals beer. V.<2 c» bottled beer. 1 cr
blliiard cuttit, 1 naphtha launch. 5j>ks beans,
17 pkgs dried fruit, 1U cs oleomargarine, 9 cs
drugs. 4 cs dry goods. £47 gals whisky, IIO'J
lbs hops. Jl.".2 lbs abalcne. 5 cs brandy. B cs
champacne. "n cr canned salmon, 2G bxs paste, j
Kor Japan — r.77 cs canned goods. 2iO0 e«' s !
wine. 2C1 pkgs wire griods. li cs whitky; 1^3
roll* leather, 8 bbls crockery and glassware,
21 pkgs household Roods. 103 pkgs hardware,
4 '• Its foap, II • » printing ink, 6 txles rub
ber packing. 20 cr fruit. 13 pke« rubber good*.
4J> bb!s salmon. 304 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. IS pkgs dried fish. 13 bb!s extracts. '
4 bxs raisins. 22 c« liquors. 77 rolls paper. 15 [
j kt's machinery. 30 <"s confectionery, 243 lbs
ailieator leather, 12 cr bicycles. 2.-.00 kegs nails,
f ce dry poods. 3!"«jO Tbs hop*. 6 pkgs electrical
supplies, 2 cs optical goods, 2 cs notions, 2 cs
rubber goods.
Tor Manila— Wh pals wine. 10S cs stationer.'.
2 os typewriter supplies. 2 bxs Jewelry. 75
j.kgs Fait fiFh. S^iO Kals 145 c« beer. &041 n>»
bread. Cl cs ham. IS cs photo poods, f.30 lbs
coffee. 450 sks malt, 417 gals cs whisky,
13 pkgs printing paper. 2 pkgs priming Ink,
liO cs canned gor-4*, 7 cr billiard tables, 1 cs
sjx>rtirtK poods. 1 pkg electrical goods.
For Korea— 9 bxs groceries. 11 os canned
groo<5s, t pkgB crockery and glassware, 2 cs |
noap, 1 bbl flour. 2 pkgs household goods. 3J0 j
lbs meals, 2 cs dry goods, 3iO lbs eugar, 46 pkgs |
provision*.
For East Indies— 10G pkgs provisions. 202 cs
canned e— lmon. 130 <a* c.ir.nvd fruit. r-'."J bbla
Dour.
For Vladivostok— 20 cr copper plate. 1 -cs
brushes.
Merchandise for Canada.
The frteamer Robert Adamson sailed for Na
nalmo yeEtenJay with a small cargo, valued at
J431 27. which consisted of 368 feet oak lumber.
3n» feet hickory lumber. 40 kegs spikes. 630
bbls lubricating oil. D bdls steel.
The steamer Wellington sailed yesterday for
Cheir.aSnus with MO ferrules, 30 bxs fruit. 6
5 r.i-s furnace castings, 1 cs registers. 1 roll Iron,
7 fheetn eteel. 1 pkj rubber goods. 2 reels
vlre, 1 lot electrical goods; value, J433.
Additional Cargo.
' In addition to cargo previously reported the
Steamer Walla Walla which called Tuesday
for Victoria carried:
For Vancouver— 244 pkgs fruit; value, JISO.
For Victoria— 1.0 cks onions. 5 Eks potatoes,
1<4 b»-» fruit; vaJu«vi at $265 SI.
In transit— '10 drums glycerin; valued at $1113.
Weather Report.
O2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 6. 1900— 5 p. m.
The following mcxlmum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Kurcka CCjI-o* Angeles rs
Independence 92;Raa LaiIs Oblspo CS
Mount Tamalpals... H Fan Diego 74
Jled IJluff l (i * Jiacramento ...100
TVesno 104:
Kan Fn-ncisco data: Maximum temperature.
CO; minimum. Cl; mean, S6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
¦ Partly cloudy v.cather prevails over the Pa
«Jfl« elcr>e with foe alone the Central Call
fornian coast.
The pressure has fallen along the coast and
r1t>*-n over the irieteau and Hocky Mountain
region!". It is highest off the IVosfcinrton coaft
BO4 lowest In the rn*er Missouri Valley.
The lemj-rrature las fallen In the vicinity of
Fan Francisco and risen elsewhere west of the
"">>cky Mountains. Temperatures txcoRdlng 100
Ar.^Tffn r.re report «h1 from the Sacramento, and
fc_n Jr>8»;uin Valleys.
- Conditions ere favorable fcr lair weather In i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat. 66U'567^c; No. 3.
C2«?S5>ic: No. 2 red, 7014®71%cl No. 2 corn. 3S%
<g33Hc; No. 2 yellow. 39@29Uc: No. 2 oats, 22U@
22Hc: No. 2 white. 25Vic; No. 3 white. 24V4®
25Uc; good feeding barley, 36@37c: fair to choice
malting, 39^@42c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 SO; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 SO; prime timothy seed, $2 40®
2 JO; mess pork per barrel; $10 30011 45; lard,
per 100 pounds. $6 62406 774: ehort-rib sides
(loo!«e). J6 55QC 80: dry salted shoulders {boxed).
J6 JCKSe 75; short clear sides (boxed). $7 1O@7 20:
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23; sugars, cut
loaf, 6.3Sc; granulated, 5.S2c; confectioners A,
5.7Sc; clover, contract grade, $7 50.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 15$7l9Hc; dairy,
lSVi-Sno. Cheese, steady. 8Vi@9c. Eggs, steady;
fresh. ll>ic.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-..
Times and Heights of High an<i i. w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance ;.)
Francisco Bay. Published by orrUla: aj
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hish and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > lanut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Po:nt
the height of tide 1? the same at both places!
Shipment of $116,863 to China.
Sihcr and Exchairgc about the same.
Wheat advanced, both on and off call.
Barlcx rather steadier for future delivery.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter and Eggs continue firm. Cheese steady.
Poultry market freely supplied.
Nothing nezv in tlic Fruit market.'
Increased cutting in Provisions.
Coal Oil' declined.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, L*. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal .
June 6. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrj
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. *., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN?.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in char?».
Time Ball.
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, sound. ISc: culls and brands. 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 2O@30c each; short Wool, 3i<g60c
each; medium. 70©9Oc; long Wool, $1®1 50 each;
Horse Hides, $2©2 50 for large and 75c@$l 50
Chollar 22 23 Potosl tl 22
Challenge Con.. It IZ Savage 13 It
Confidence 60 7o Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 SClSeg Belcher .... 02 C?.
Con Imperial... — 01 ! Sierra Nev 30 32
Con New York . Cl 03;Silver Hill .... 44 4".
Eureka Con ... — 50 St Louis ~. — 12
Crown Point... 09 lljstandard 4 50 —
Exchequer 01 02, Syndicate — 10
Gculd & Cur 13 14:Unton Con 21 22
Hale & Norc 27 - ZSjUtah 12 14
Julia — 02 1 Yellow Jacket.. 1* n
for small: Colts, 25050c. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 37« / 4'S'4<5c : fall or medium skins.
32H*535c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 3ic.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^c per lb; No. 2,
4c; refined. 6c: grease, 2' / 3<g'3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15H<&17c; Northern defective. 13
ffl5c: Middle County. free. 15©17c; Middle
County, defective. 13(?il3c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12@13c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. llf£13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive. 7 months', 10<312c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 2Oig21c; Nevada. 14f!'17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at tt'allc Der lb. ¦
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— SMQVac per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. S®9c: small. JiS^^c per lb. j
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V4©7c; ewes. 6@6^c per
pound. *
LAME— Spring. 8'/4®9c; yearlings. 7V4@Sc per
pound.
PORK— Live Her*. 5^iSGc for small. j^ifJo'ic
for medium and SVjiguSc fcr large: stock Hogs
and feeders, SHS^'ic: dressed Hogs, 7JfS^.
General Merchandise
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6»Sc: Wool Bags. ZSHSSIHc: Fleece
Twine. "Vic.
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; new Welling
ton, $S: Southfleld Wellington. $8; Seattle. $5;
Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $3; Wallsend. $3: Co
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg.* $11: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $10
per ton in bulk and $!S in sacks: Castle Gata
and Rock Springs. $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.70c: Powdered.
5.30c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry Granulated,
5.2Cc; Confectioners' A, 5.20c; Magnolia A. 4.80c;
Extra C, 4.70c: Golden C. 4.60c; barrels, 10c
more^. half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. SOc more:
fP-Ib':bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
and th*n the number (riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane cf
reference is the mean of the lr«w>r lnw wa'cr*.
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. 5.93c; boxes, 6.20c per lb.
COAL OIL— Is lower, as follows: Water
White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12^c; Pearl Oil, in
cases. ISHc; Astral Oil. In cases. l$4c; Star
Oil. In cases. lSVic: Extra Star Oil, In cases.
22V:c: Elaine Oil. In cases. 23Vjc: Eocene. 2O'-ic:
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; De
odorized Stove Gasoline, In cases. 21c: Benrin«\
In bulk.' 1414c; Benzine. In cases. 20V4c: S6-degreo
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; SS-degree Gasoline, in
cases. 27c.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tl.les
the early morning tk'.es are given In the l»f:
hand column and the successive thles of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th*»
second time column irives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third ticij
and the last or right hand column srivea the
last tide of the day. except when thore are hut
three tides, as- sometimes occurn. The heishts
given are In addition to the. sounding on th?
Unite:! States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heteht.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JUNE 6.
Flour, qr sks 27.721 facar, sks 230
¦Wheat, ctls 1.300 Chieory. bbla !•>
Barley, ctls 10.510, Sugar, bbls 3<W
Corn East, ctls... 1,200, Pelts, bdls 4.^2
Corn, ctls 20 Hides. No 221
Rye, ctls" £30 Leather, rolls 42
Oats Rail, ctls l.nT.v,' Quicksilver, flsks 4
Putter, ctls 496:E*es. doz 2C.l«0
Cheese, ctla I2?|Wlne. pis 66.SCO
Tallow, ctl? v 2?fi'Hops[, bales 77
Potatoes, sks .... 2,700|Hay. ton? 461
Onions sks SWiWool. bales 3^3
Bran, sks 600'Llme. bbls 182
Middlings, sks S20I
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1,0751 Wool, bales 1
Impression that the market had got out of Its
rut and that an advance might be expected.
Corn was firmer on better foreign advices.
The local situation was firm and both spot
and future prices advanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping,- 91%@32%c; milling.
95@97%c. '
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 20CO
ctls. $1 00V4; 4000. $1 O0V4; 40OO. $1 00%; 34,000,
$1 00%: 2000. $1 0094.
Second Session— December— €000 ctls. $t 01.
Regular Morning Session — December— 14,000
Ctls. $1 Oltt 1.2000, $1 01.
Afternoon Session— December— S000 ctls. $1 01:
4000. $1 01H: 8000. $1 01U.
BARLEY— Futures showed rather more stead
iness, but the market continued dull and fea
tureless.
Feed, 67%@70c for No. 1 and 62V 2 ®65c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, 69c. .
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Some dealers report continued dull
ness, others fair sales, and so on. Prices stand
the same.
Whue. $1 10@l 30; Red, $101 20; Gray. $1 07%
@1 15: Black. $1@1 07V4 per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 10<31 15 per
ctl: Eastern White. 97V6@$1 C5 per ctl; Mixed,
$1 10.
RYE— S2 I ,4c per ctl for new and 9o@07j4c for
old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 23@3 per barrel.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 7a; Rye
Meal ' $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour $4#4 23; Cracked Wheat. J3 2a;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3: Rollea
Oats (barrels). $6<g7 25; in sacks. $5 7507; Pearl
Barley $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.'
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is nothing new In the situation,
BRAN-J12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17@20 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15#16 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
$27 50® 28- Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
125- Cracked Corn. $23 50: Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat, $7<ff9 for common to good, $9 50
©10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7 50@9 50; Oat.
$CS?S: Barley. $5<SJ7; Alfalfa. $5©7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4®6: Wheat. J6@7:
Clover, $4 50@6; Alfalfa. $3@7; Barley, $435 per
ton. -
STRAW— 25@37V4c per bale.
Beans and. Seeds.
No further variation In Beans Is reported,
trade remaining dull.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 83@3; small White, $3 25@
3 40: large White. $2 75(32 90: Pink. $2 60@2 90;
Red $2 50^3: Blackeye. $3 5013-4; Butters,
nominal; Lima. J5 30Q5 40; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, $4©4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary, 3^c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal: Rape. 2V4®3c: Hemp. 4S4! 2 c;
Timothy. 4(j?4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 20; Green, |1 90
@2 25 ser ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions under this head remained
about as before, the demand about equaling'
the pupply In most cases. Tomatoes are firmer.
POTATOES—^Oregon Burbanks. S5c<&il; New
Pota'oes, 40-SCSc In sacks and eOcSJl 23 In
boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 60575c per ctl; Austra
lian. $3(53 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, l£H{j20c per doz;
Rhubarb. 75c<0$l per box; Asparagus, 50c@$l
per box for No. 2 and $1 23 (3 1 SO for No. 1 and
$1-73<S2 S3 for fancy large; Green Peas, 75c@
I 25 r^J" «"»ck: String Beans, 3',£<fi:3c; Refugees,
r-Q'Gc; Wax Beans. 4ff."c; Cabbage. 40-5500 ; To
matoes, SOcfjIl; Egg Plant from Los Angeles,
SifTSc; Dried Okra. S2Vic per Ibf Green Peppers
from Los Angeles, 6® 7c: Dried Peppers. 83*0c:
Carro'ts, 25@35c per pack; Summer Squash. 40
(gCOc per box for Vacavllle and $1 23 for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, fl 50$l 75 for Alameda and
50c®$l per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic, 3'u4c
per lb.
Poultry and Game.
There Is considerable unsold Eastern on the
market, which weak as a rule, with several
narrow changes.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, . 10®llc for Ge»>
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25571 50; Goslings. »1 25@1 50: Ducks. $4ff4 50
for old and $4 50©5 for young: Hens, $4^1 50;
Younjt Roosters. *5SJ5 50; Old Roosters, $3 otK&4;
Fryers. *4<5?4 50;" Broilers. $.W;3 30 for large and
}2(?2 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50® 1 7a per
dozen for old and $1 60<@l 75 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter rules firm. In spite of liberal receipts
yesterday from Humboldt. The Egg market,
too, continues to creep up under decreasing
receipts. Cheese Is steady and unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, ISVitfliJC: sec
onds. 17HGT1SC.
Dairy— Fancy, 17c; good to choice, 15@lCUc:
common. 34c.
CHKESE- New. 7H"SSHc: Young America, 9@
9%o: Eastern. 16<JJ17c; Western, 15<©16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13'4@15c for store and 16®
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15&C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of berries are rather larger and the
market Is easy.
Cherries have ceased to figure as the ruling
fruit, and Peaches and Apricots now receive
the most attention. Apricots are rather bet
ter cleaned up, though prices show no Im
provement. Small Pears' and Apples are in
free supply and dull.
Currants are doing better. They are not
over plentiful this year.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—35@ 60c per box for Royals; in
baskets, 35g40c.
APPLES— Green Apples. 3S:?50c per box and
I5«»25c per basket and 40@S5c for Red Astra
chans. large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline. In small boxes, 251350c per
box: In baskets. 10(ftl5c.
PLUMS— 25<§ 75c per box and crate; Cherry
Plums, !5<$3ac for drawers and 50c for boxes
STRAWBERRIES— J3 5005 per chest for large
and $6@9 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 3«3'/ic per lb for common
and Der lb for English.
RASPBERRIES-*: £0(56 per chest; Newcas
tle. i>er crute.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@6 per chest: from
Fresno, , and from Newcastle, 50tg60c per
crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4^6 per chest.
CURRANTS-»3©3 per chest.
FIGS— None In.
PEACHES— 40c@$l per box and 60tf?S5c per
basket.
CHERRIES— 35S50C per box for black; Royal
Anne, 40@50c. In bulk, 2@4c for black and
4®5c for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS- Navel Oranges, $1 JC<ir2 50
per box: Seedlings, $101 75; Valenclas. $3<S*3 50;
Lemons, $1*31 to for common and $:<g» 10 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. $4@S: Ba
nanas, $1 G0@3 per bunch; Pineapple*. $3 iO@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 4#4}4c
for 40-50's, 3H@3%c for 50-60's, 3',i©3He lor
60-70" s, 3©3Uc for 70-80* s. 2%@3c for S0-9O"s
and 2%@:%c for 90-100's; Apricots, 9@10c for
Royals and 10®llc for Moorparks; Peaches.
4',4@<\c for Standards. 5c for choice and j'i®
6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 1001114c; Evapo
rated Apples, 5Vi<tf6c; sun-dried. 3®4c per lb:
Pears, 3^<g4VSc for dark and 7©Sc for bright
halves: Black Figs. l«4@2c; White Figs. SftSc:
Bleached Plums. 7Hc; Unbleached Plums, 6c
for pitted and lHc for unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, | per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8Hc; choice. 7%c; standard. 64c;
prime. Be; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
DO-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5Uc;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 CO per box; 3-crown. $1 CO. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California. . .
NUTS— Walnuts. S©9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells: Almonds. Il',i<g.l2c for paper
shell. 8@10e for soft and 41j'3c for hardshell;
Peanuts, e^iffe^c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7%@8c; Filberts, 12@12^jc;
Pecans, llijlSc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12V4@13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
7V4@7%c; light amber extracted, 7@7}4c; dark,
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cutting Is still going on, and In consequence
Bacon Is lower and a further reduction in
Hams is noted. In some Instances goods are be
ing sold below cost. • .
.CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10® 10 Vie per lb for
heavy. lOU'SflOVjc for light medium, ll%c for
light, UVic for extra light and. 14Hc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@l3Vic;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family,
$14; extra -Prime Pork, $15; extra clear. |19:
Mess, $16 50: Smoked Beef. . 12%@13c per lb. i .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per.lb for com
pound and 8Vsc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S?tc; 10-lb tins. 9>4c; 6-lb tins. 9%c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%0Stte per lb; half
barrels, 8%@8%c; 10-lb tins. SUc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands eell
from the seaboard In wheat , and flour were
equal to 215,000 bushels."/- New York reported
twelve loads taken : for. export. *
The marketing of. Ion's •. stuff kept the corn
market from advancing In sympathy with the
wheat buoyancy. - Country offerings were easier
and great confidence felt in the quantity and
quality of the forthcoming. crop. There was
a good cash Inquiry, 'but the 'spring business
was curtailed by higher lake rates. The wheat
strength hoisted the market up during the ses
sion. -but In the afternoon the preFsure of long
corn forced It back again and the close was
rather easy. July sold between 38>4@38c and
3S%(S-3S%c. closing He lower at 3S%c. Local
receipts were 345 cars. 9 ; —
The oats market was quiet the greater part
of the day, but held firm In .sympathy with
wheat. There was a fair general trade with
shorts and shippers the . best buyers. There
was a good cash demand, but higher lake rates
made shipping business a little difficult. July
sold between 21Hc and 21%c. and closed a shade
improved at 21»iQ21*jc Receipts here were
212 cars.
Provisions were strong and fairly active, the
strength In spite of large - hog receipts and
lower prices at the yards. The wheat strength
wns a help, but the real strength of the mar
ket lay In a . broadening of the demand and
better support from locals. July pork closed
12V4013c Improved; Jard closed a shade Im
proved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and "Bullion.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— " „., ,,,,
June 66Vi 6TV6 66% *JH
July :: 67* GSVi 67 63H
Ju C n O e rn .?f°-.. 2 T. 3^% 3S% 3SV, M*
July ; 38% 38% 38 Vi 3SH
Oats So. 2— K ,,,
June 21% 21% »W 2JH
July „ 21V4 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, fcbl—
July 11 27* 11 52% U 25 11 47J4
September .-. 11 42V4 11 55 11 40 11 52V4
Lard, 100 lbs— /_, .
July 6 75 6 SO 6 75 6 77H
September 6 724 6 SO 6 72% 6 77H
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July 8 65 6 72% 6 63 6 72%
September .-... 6 62% 6 72% 6 62% 6 70
ARTICLES. . (Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Hour, barrels... 1S.00O 17,000
Wheat, bushels 64,000 69.000
:orn, bushels £02,000 446,000
t>ots, bushels 391.000 114,000
Rye, bushels 2.000
Elarley. bushels 19.000 3.0(0
THE
L'KSD
>AT. .
Sun r
rises
Sun s<
Moon
sets
i sets
I !
r>
ITImel I
Ft.
L W
ITime
[h w
'I Ft/
L
8 ...
9 ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13
1:30 1.7I
2:17 l.ll
2:53 0.6!
3:23! O.ll
4:12:— 0.3i
4:51!— 0.6!
I 7:50
I I:SS
! 9:53
I 10:4?
I 11:23
! 12:1*
I TO-"?
i )
U 3.4;
!i 4.o!
) 4.2
I! 4.5
¦>! 4_7l
n
i
i
2
3
4
I
j>:j;; — u.^i
TO
\.T
Steamer.
F
I Dus. ,
Crescent City...
City of Para
Santa Ro«a
Point Arena '
Wanielc! v .
San Mateo
.1
.jCresc
. J'ana
. I San 1
.iMend
.IOy.«t«
. [N'ana
ct
u
E
d«
e
1!
t '
[1:
o.
. Juna jf
. Juna 7
. June &
. I June 4
.IJune 9
.[June i
Pti»t<» of Cal....
..Pnrtl
Tellua j
>r
iar.,
Emnlri- !
Coos ISay i
Matteawan 1
.iXewp
, ITacoi
. ?^att
\\inannet:e
Pomona I
City of Puebla.i
Cnrjutll* River..'
;et
Titanla I
[Xar.a
.IJune 11
China !
I San 1
I Tuna 1*
A rrata ,
.I.Tnr.p 1?
Projcreso ,
North Fork J
Portl.
.IJune I*
Coluraoia i
Ronita !
Newburtr !
IXewj
I Gray;
¦t
3
. ' June 14
. | June 14
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Fler.
Columbia ..[Portland IJun» 7. 11 am|p?er 1\
Curacao ...Jllexlco Jane 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Pomona ....'HumNildt 'June 7. 7 pm!Ptf>r *
Arcata J Coos Bay iJune 7.12 mPierl?
r>el >Torte.. (Oregon Ports. ; June 7. " am Pier 20
p o nl-a iNewpjrt June 8. 9»m!Pt«r 11
City Svrln»y! Panama IJune )». 12 m!PM33
North Fork. I HumboICt IJune 8, 9am|Pler J
Luxor lEurope IJune 9, 10 ara[Pler 7
Santa RosaJPaa Dleiro Ijune 10. 11 amiPJer 11
Umatllla ..Ivic & Pgt Sd.lJune 10. 11 amIPIer 9
Pt Arena:. Point Arena. .[June 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of CallPortland IJune 12. llani!Pler:»
Pomona .... Humboldt June 13 IPler 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 12. 9 am|Pier 11
Marlposa .. Sydney June 13. • pmlPler 7
Corona 'San Dlejro IJune 14. 11 am'Pier It
Hongkng MICa «na& Japan' June 14. 1 pm!PMS3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Fler.
Columbia ..[Portland IJun» 7. 11 am|p?er 1\
Curacao ...Jllexlco Jane 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Pomona ....'HumNildt 'June 7. 7 pm!Ptf>r *
Arcata J Coos Bay iJune 7.12 mPierl?
r>el >Torte.. (Oregon Ports. ; June 7. " am Pier 20
p o nl-a iNewpjrt June 8. 9»m!Pt«r 11
City Svrln»y! Panama IJune )». 12 m!PM33
North Fork. I HumboICt IJune 8, 9am|Pler J
Luxor lEurope IJune 9, 10 ara[Pler 7
Santa RosaJPaa Dleiro Ijune 10. 11 amiPJer 11
Umatllla ..Ivic & Pgt Sd.lJune 10. 11 amIPIer 9
Pt Arena:. Point Arena. .[June 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of CallPortland IJune 12. llani!Pler:»
Pomona .... Humboldt June 13 IPler 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 12. 9 am|Pier 11
Marlposa .. Sydney June 13. • pmlPler 7
Corona 'San Dlejro IJune 14. 11 am'Pier It
Hongkng MICa «na& Japan' June 14. 1 pm!PMS3
TO
\.T
Steamer.
F
I Dus. ,
Crescent City...
City of Para
Santa Ro«a
Point Arena '
Wanielc! v .
San Mateo
.1
.jCresc
. J'ana
. I San 1
.iMend
.IOy.«t«
. [N'ana
ct
u
E
d«
e
1!
t '
[1:
o.
. Juna jf
. Juna 7
. June &
. I June 4
.IJune 9
.[June i
Pti»t<» of Cal....
..Pnrtl
Tellua j
>r
iar.,
Emnlri- !
Coos ISay i
Matteawan 1
.iXewp
, ITacoi
. ?^att
\\inannet:e
Pomona I
City of Puebla.i
Cnrjutll* River..'
;et
Titanla I
[Xar.a
.IJune 11
China !
I San 1
I Tuna 1*
A rrata ,
.I.Tnr.p 1?
Projcreso ,
North Fork J
Portl.
.IJune I*
Coluraoia i
Ronita !
Newburtr !
IXewj
I Gray;
¦t
3
. ' June 14
. | June 14
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— " „., ,,,,
June 66Vi 6TV6 66% *JH
July :: 67* GSVi 67 63H
Ju C n O e rn .?f°-.. 2 T. 3^% 3S% 3SV, M*
July ; 38% 38% 38 Vi 3SH
Oats So. 2— K ,,,
June 21% 21% »W 2JH
July „ 21V4 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, fcbl—
July 11 27* 11 52% U 25 11 47J4
September .-. 11 42V4 11 55 11 40 11 52V4
Lard, 100 lbs— /_, .
July 6 75 6 SO 6 75 6 77H
September 6 724 6 SO 6 72% 6 77H
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July 8 65 6 72% 6 63 6 72%
September .-... 6 62% 6 72% 6 62% 6 70
ARTICLES. . (Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Hour, barrels... 1S.00O 17,000
Wheat, bushels 64,000 69.000
:orn, bushels £02,000 446,000
t>ots, bushels 391.000 114,000
Rye, bushels 2.000
Elarley. bushels 19.000 3.0(0
THE
L'KSD
>AT. .
Sun r
rises
Sun s<
Moon
sets
i sets
I !
r>
ITImel I
Ft.
L W
ITime
[h w
'I Ft/
L
8 ...
9 ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13
1:30 1.7I
2:17 l.ll
2:53 0.6!
3:23! O.ll
4:12:— 0.3i
4:51!— 0.6!
I 7:50
I I:SS
! 9:53
I 10:4?
I 11:23
! 12:1*
I TO-"?
i )
U 3.4;
!i 4.o!
) 4.2
I! 4.5
¦>! 4_7l
n
i
i
2
3
4
I
j>:j;; — u.^iJULIAN ARNOLD WILL
HAVE A FAIR CHANCE
Judge Morrow Decides That Procf
of Guilt Must Be Established
Here.
The whole of yesterday forenoon was
occupied In United States Circuit Judge
Morrow's court in the argument of coun
sel in the matter of the extradition of Ju
lian Biddulph Arnold, a son of Sir Edwin
ArncM, on a charge of embezzlement, and
at the conclusion of the pleas Judge Mor
row decided that no man should be ex
tradited to a foreign country on a crimi
nal charge unless sufficient evidence
should have been produced to convince
the Court Commissioner or other com
mitting magistrate of the guilt of the ac
cused.
In the present rase Arnold protested his
innocence, but said that he would not op
pose the extradition proceedings and
would waive examination. Afterward be
ing informed that creditors in London
were attempting to work upon the feel
icgrs of his relatives by threats of expos
ure, he derr.anot^l a trial and a writ of
habeas corpus wss issued. Bert Sehles-
Inger of the law firm of Denson &.Schles
inger appeared for Arnold, .and Oormac
& Donohoe for the British Government.
The prisoner's wife sat behind him tn
court and appeared to be very rau'* agi
tated, but when the decision was rendered
ffcp was overjoyed. The saddest counte
nance In the room was that of Secret Ser
vice Agent Hazen. who has b'een engaged
to. take Arnold to Entrland in case the
accused should b<? extradited.
The prisoner will be kept at his hotel
in Berkeley, he paying all the expenses.
The examination before Commissioner
Heacock will take place in about a month,
by which time »he accused will have re
ceived his evidence from England-
ENDED HER SUFFERING
BY DRINKING POISON
Mrs. Broder leaves a. husband and two
children — a girl aged 6 years and a>boy
two years older. She was 3*3 years of age
and a native of Washington, D. C.
Mrs. Broder arose from the dinner table
last night and retired to her room. She
called her little boy. a lad of 8 years, and
sent him to a neighboring drugstore for
carbolic acid. As soon as tm returned she
drank the poison and was disco\*ered
writhing in pain about half an hour later
by her husband. Medical aid was hastily
summoned but the woman died In a few
minutes.
Mrs. Mary Broder, wife of C. D. Broder,
a bookbinder In the employ of Frank Mol
loy, committed suicide last evening by
drinking carbolic acid at her home, 4&)
Eddy street. The unfortunate woman had
suffered from asthma for a number of
years and her hopeless condition gave her
but little to live for.
Commander in Chief Declares It
Would Be Inexpedient to
Hold One.
The following from the commander in
chief of the National Guard of California,
which was made publie yesterday, has
blighted the hopes of those who were in
favor of the proposed encampment at
Santa Cruz:
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. June «. 1300.
Brlzadler G«seral W. H. S«aroacs, Adjutant
General of California— Sir: In rrply to your In
quiry about holdln* a division encampment of
the National Guard of California daring the
present year I hasten to Inform you that I
t«f~m It Inexpedient to issue an order for aueh.
encampment.
I shall, however, consider the matter of or
dering encampments by brigade or otherwise
an<l wilt acquaint you ¦with my determination
in this matter ia the near future. liespect-
fully, HEN'Rr T. GAGE.
Governor aad Commander In Chief.
It is most likely that the commander In
chief will call for encampment by bri
gades in different parts of the State. •
DIVISION ENCAMPMENT
KNOCKED OUT THIS YEAR
Per Capita Tax of Twenty-Five Cents
Levied to Create Expansion
x una.
The Supreme Lodge of the Friends of
the Forest held' another session yesterday
and concluded Its work last night. Sev
eral amendments to the by-laws were
adopted fcr the purpose of placing the or
der on a better working basis. The per
capita tax was allowed to remain at the
same figure as last year and provision
was made for the payment of organizers
of new lodges. A special fund waa cre
ated by the levy of a. twenty-rive cent per
capita tax on the entire membership, this
sum to be used in the expansion of the
order.
The following were elected the supreme
officers for the current year: Mrs. M.
Daygert. president: illss Melissa G. Me-
Conkey, vice president: Lena Scholten.
secretary: Mrs. A. Boehm, treasurer; Mrs.
A. Bardune. chaplain; Mrs. S. V. David
son, marshal; Emily Klmball. warden;
Mrs. L- S. Bacon, Inside guard; Mrs. Mar
shall, outside guard: Mrs. Bertha Macrett
Mrs. S. McPhun, Mrs. A. B. Kldd. audi
tors: E. Stack, A. Burt and A. Assman.
trustees, and Mrs. Belle M. Richmond,
organist.
In the evening there was a banquet to
the old and new officers and the dele
gates, at which Max Bochm was the
toastmaster. There were addresses by the
outgoing and the Incoming officers and a
very pleasant time Was had. The result
of tbe session was the placing of the or
der on a sounder basis.
SUPREME LODGE, FRIENDS
OF THE FOREST, ADJOURNS
Albert Schenck Swallowed Carbolic
Acid and Left Wife and Five
Children Mourning.
Albert Schenck, a maker of picture
frames, committed suicide yesterday fore
r.ocn by swallowing carbolic add. He re
sided with bis wife and five children at
10S Wolfe street, on Bernal Heights, and
became despondent because he had on one
of his Iesrs an ulcer that seemed to be in
curable. "This affliction, or rather his mor
bid exaggeration of It. caused hhn to be
come temporarily insane. The fact that
while working at his trade he was obliged
to rest the weight of his body on one leg
worried him very much, and he often
complained to his fellow workmen.
Schenck was working- for M. C. Ansbro
& Co., 113S Sutter street. Yesterday fore
noon, without saying anything to the man
who was working alongside of him. he
went to a drug store on the corner of Sut
ter and Polk streets and bought a small
bottle of carbolic add. Taking it to his
work bench he swallowed the contents
and fell to the floor, writhing with the
pain of the corrosive fluid. Medical aid
was summoned, but it came too late.
AN INCURABLE ULCER
MADE LIFE UNBEARABLE
His Preliminary Examinatioa for As
sault With a Deadly Weapon
Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Police
man E. N. Boukofsky on the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon was com
menced before Jud^e iiogan yesterday.
Boukofsky was in court, and no sign of
his recent illness was apparent. He was
defended by Attorney H. H. Davis.
P. O. Driscoll. the gripnian, did not seem
to be a willing witness. He testified that
when Boukofsky met him on the vacant
lot at Jackson and Lyon streets the po
liceman had a revolver in his right hand.
Boukofoky ptaced him under arrest and
aa they walked along the mororman
tripped up Boukofsky and ran, taking
shelter on the porch of E. H. Korton's
house. Boukofsity chased him and kept
blowing his police whistle, which he held
in his left hand. Airs. Horton insisted on
Driscoll leaving the porch, and he con
tinued his flight, escaping «n a passing
car.
E. H. Horton testified to seeing Dris
coll on the parch of his house. Driscoll
told him that he was betn? pursued by a
drunken policeman. He saw Boukofsky
blowinsr his whistle and he appeared to
be drunk. Henry D. Morton testified that
he saw Driscoll jump on the car.
This closed the case for the prosecution,
and a continuance was granted till Satur
day.
OFFICER BOUKOFSKY
APPEARS IN COURT
ported to St. Louis.
NEGOTIATT.ONS NOT RESUMED
Motormen and Conductors Being Im-
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— Gauged from ail
standpoints to-day was the most unevent
ful eince the strike on the St. Louis Tran
i!t system was inaugurated a month ago.
On account of the absence from the city
of ex-Goverr.or William J. Stone, attor
ney for the striking employes, negotia
tions with the company looking to a set
tlement at the strike wore not resumed to
day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 6.— Three hun
dred and sixty motonnen and conductors
left here at 5 o'clock to-cight 4n a special
train over the Pennsylvania Railroad for
St. Louis, where it Is said they will take
the place of the strikers of the Transit
Company.
Action Taken in Accordance With an
WHIELEB TO BE BETIB.ED.
Agreement With the President.
Heroism Rewarded.
?D«":ial DisNUch to The Ca
WASHINGTON. June €.— It Is said at
the War Department that General Wheel
er •will be given no jnllltary assignment
under his commission as brigadier general
of regulars, but that be will be placed
en the retired list for age within the next
few days. This plan of action. It Is said,
is in accordance with an understanding
reached between the President and Gen
eral Wheeler.
MONTEREY, June &— News has been
received here that James Watson, a Mon
terey County boy who went to Manila
with the First California Regiment, has
just received a commission tn the regular
army. Watson was several times men
tioned for bravery while serving in the
ranks in the First California, and when
that regiment returned to the United
States, he, at his own request, was dis
charged in jianila. He at once re-enlisted
In. the Fourth Cavalry, in order to remain
at the front and is now a second lieuten
ant in that regiment.
Injunction Granted.
LOS ANGELES, June 6.— The Los An
geles City Water Company was to-day
granted an injunction by Judge Ross in
the United States Circuit Court, restrain
ing the city officials from enforcing the
new schedule of water rates passed last
February to go into effect July 1. The
Injunction practically restrains the city
from interfering in any way with the con
duct of the water company until the cases
now pending in the courts between the
city, and the water company have been
settled.
Fire in San Mateo.
tal Dispatch to The Ca
SAN MATEO. June 6.— The residence of
George W. Dickie was badly damaged
by fire at 5:3»> o'clock this afternoon,
originating supposedly from a defective
fiue. A large portion of the roof was
burned. Had there been any wind at the
time the building would have been
wholly destroyed. Mr. and Mrs. Dickie
and daughter are now in Europe and the
house was occupied by Mr- Hyman of San
Francisco for the summer months. He
and his family had not become fully in
stalled yet.
Fitz in Bad Shape.
NEW YORK, June 6.-Robert Fitzsim
mons was examined at Bellevue Hospital
to-day by Dr. John H. Sullivan, who an
nounced that Fitzsimmons Is sufferinsr
from an abscess on his left knuckle. Thi3
hand was injured In Fitzsimmons' recent
bout with Dunkhorst and has since pained
him greatly. Dr. Sullivan gave him a cer
tificate of Injury and said positively that
he could not box with Ruhlin on June 15.
Tracey Fight a Draw.
LOS ANGELES. June 6.— Tom Tracey
of San Francisco and Jim Trimble of. this
city fought a twenty- round draw before
the Los Angele3 Athletic Club to-night.
The purse was 1500. Both men were strong
at the end of the fight, which was full
of clever work. They fought at 153 pounds.
Young Man IXro^rned.
SAN DIEGO. June 6.— A special dispatch
to the Tribune to-day from Yuma says
that Grant Treanor. a young man of this
city, who^rias been out on the desert with
a band o? cattle, was drowned on May 25.
while trying to swim the Hardy River in
the eastern part of this county.
Hot Wave Strikes Mi] ton.
MILTON. June 6— A hot wave struck
this place yesterday and elevated the
thermometer to 59 degrees. To-day at 2
p.- m. it stood 100 degrees even with an
upward tendency. All kinds of grain are
"utEciently advanced so that no damage
will result from the Intense beat.
Girl Cuts Her Throat
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PASADENA, . June 6.— Dora Thrall, the
15-year-old daughter of A. A. Thrall of
Morton avenue, last night attempted sui
cide with a caseknife. She may die. She
had been elds with measles and was de
lirious, i
Woods Wins, on Points.
SAN JOSE. June 6.— The fight at the
Pavilion to-night between Bert "Woods of
Santa." Crua : and Bob Thompson of Los
Angeles was won on points by Woods at
the end of the twentteth round. Joe Her
man knocked Qm Willie Wcipple. in the
Apportionment of Delegates to State
Gathering Is Made by League
Committee.
Judge Cooney presided last evening at a
meeting of the committee on arrange
ments for the State Convention ot" the
Lincoln Monument I-e«igue, which will be
held in the Academy at Sciences Hall on
the afternoon fi.ru! evening of June 16. A
schedule of delegates was matie up. All
persons heretofore notified will be dele
grates from the several counties. The fol
lowing organizations will be entitled to
five delegates each: All Grand Arni5 
posts. Ladies' Auxiliary of the Monument
League, all ladies' relief corps, all par
lors of Native Sons of the Golden \% est,
all companies of the League of the Cross
Cadets, Daughters of the Revolution.
Ladles of the G. A. R-, Army and Navy
Union.
The following will al=o he invited to at
tend as honorary delegates: The Gover
nor, Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of
State. Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion. State Treasurer, the presidents of
universities, Superintendents of Schools
In all counties, .Mayors ot all cities in the
State.
The purpose of the convention is to dis
cuss and formulate a general plan for the
erection ot" the proposed monument to the
memory of Abraham Lincoln.
Delegates to the convention have al
ready been appointed by several organiza
tions as follows; George H. Thomas Post.
G. A. R.— Generkl W. H. L. Barnes, R. R.
Bigelow, E. E. Ewing/ \V. ,H. H. Hart.
Colonel "W. R. Parnell. George G. Meade
Post— S. H. Kennedy, John Murphy, W. S.
Sewall. Joseph Washington. S. H. Hart.
James A. Garfield Post— A. S. Isaacs, An
drew Sorenserv, Gustav Marks, Peter
Kotle, James B. Niederest. Ladies" Re
lief Corps of George G. Meade Post— Mrs.
S. W. Wood. Mrs. E. R. Wardell. Mr3. W.
H. Cowles, Mrs. Charles L. Boeli. Mrs.
Marguerite Grundy.
CONVENTION WILL PLAN
FOR LINCOLN MONUMENT
Hibarniar-s Elect O9c?rs.
The annual election at officer? of Divi
sion 1. Ancient Order jf HIberniaris. B. of
E. . was heiJ last rti^rit at 1153 2Us3ioTi
streer and resulted as fellows: J. J. Keat
ing, president; 3d. GUasoa. vice presi
der.:: J. Cronin. recordui? secretary; B.
McCar.n. financial secretary: AL Caaavart.
treasurer, and M. McGiv3*y. sergeant a;
arms. «
Tried to Burn a Hocss.
Mrs. Theresa Qtiiim. 2S« ¦ t'nion str»et.
while insane attempt e»1 to trim her heusa
Monday rlgM. Some of, the ncfxbbcn
noticed the smoke ami succeeded in ex
tinguishing the ffnmes before much dam
age was done. Yesterday Sirs. Isabella
Gecry. a re tensor, swore tn a warrant
charging Mrs. Quinn with Insanity, and
Policeman Bakulich after considerable
trouble managed to gst the woman out of
the hou*e arui took her to the insane ward
in, the Receiving Hospital.
Fruit growers of Alaraeda County have
threatened to organize as a protection
against the alleged cannery combine
which has offered them a low price for
the produce of their orchards. As was
published in The Call, the determined
stand taken by the orchardlsts across the
bay was hailed with great satisfaction
throughout the Stater and many promi
nent fruit growers highly commended
such organizations. The fruit growers
have expressed a determination not to
sacrifice their crops to ttie canners under
any circumstances, but instead will pre
pare them for the dried fruit market or
ship them to Eastern markets at their
own risk.
The controversy between th« canners
and the fruitmen has reached stich a
point that their relations are considerab'y
strafned. The fruit growers have decline!
to accept the c!?ers made by the canners,
and unless an amicable settlement can be
reached it will probably result in a heavy
toss to both sides.
it J. Fo.itana. perera! superintendent
of the Ca!!?arnia Fruit Canners' Associa
tton. wiiich is the successor of the Cut
tin? Fruit Packing Company. Fontana &
Co.. San Jose Fruit Packing Co.. King-
Morse Canning Co.. California Fruit Can
r.ers' Association, Courtland Caaninjr Co..
Whittier Cannerj- Co.. Oakland Preserv
ing Co.. Sacramento Packing Co.. Marys
vtlle Packing Co.. Caiifornia Fruit Pre
serving Co.. Rose City Canning Co.. Hunt
Bros. Fruit Packing Co.. A. F. Ter.r.y
Canning Co.. Cnlco Canning Co. and the
Southern California Packing- Co.. at the
request of The Call yesterday made a
statement in which be outlined the posi
tion of his association in the controversy.
He a!so had struck off a copy of a letter
sent to Messrs. Meek. Cary and Parsons,
who compose the committee of fruit
growers of Alameda County. The letter
is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. May T2, 1301
Gentlemen: Conflrci.ne conversation at our
offl'-e we bes to advise that on the basis oi
vour prices we will puret'ase from you: Twen
ty-five tens of Royal Anrs, at R4e: SO tons of
white cherries, at She; W tons of black cher
ries at S%6 It ts distinctly ur-d-rstocd that
all "cherries are to be s^cd. merchar.tab!*
stock, suitable for canning, f. o. b. various
shipping points, or on the basis of the following
prices: Royal Anns, 5c; white cnsrries. 3c;
black cherries. She. we will take the er.t re
amount named by you. estimated to be 1^
tons of Royal Anna. 4".« tana of whits cherried.
75 tens of black cijerries.
We would n.-.t care- to take to excee-i 10 per
cent over this estiir.ate. We know that cherry
crops are rather deceptive aad hard to esti
mate, arid it must be distinctly understood
that the deliveries must be i£ the proportion
cimri and mu*t not excee-i ».j tenj. totil.
If thes« propositions are net satisfactory, ana
as statements have been irale- at your meeting
to the effect that these ar-d even higher prices
couid be made and leave 3 good proat to the
canner. we be? to state that If the laa of
tm,M0 iwhlch we understand has t»en orrered
as a subscription to start a new cannery > < is
rut B3 u as evidence of sool faith ~e offer
the us» of our ?in Leindro plant ar.d every
facility for packing and selling tie gtiods. tbe
only e'ertittiers that w* make helns:
First— That the prices named by your com
m'ttee be the prices paid by th« parties who
may undertake this.
t^cend— That th-sy offer the rwia through
oar sellinff agents, un-ier cur brands, or un
labeled. but prices to th* association must t*
on the «am«* basis as offereU to any on* tlss.
Thir^That the association r« 5 p*r cent
net. free of all expense, and b« raaranteed
arainst all loss.
TM; off?r holds rcod until 1J a. m.. May ZL
In rase the latter proposition is acceptM we
wi!t b» pleased to send a representative to m««
with a commitle* representing the growers and
one representing the party or partt»s under
taking this work to arranje further detai.s.
Respectfnliy submitted. ~^L.
CKIAFORSIX FRLIT CANJfEES 1 AaSOCIA
TIOX.
"I wish to call attention to tne fact
that this letter was read at a meeting of
the growers." said Mr. Font ana, "but
while the remarks of some of the grow
ers were published, the letter was
omitted. In justice to the association it
should have been."
Mr. Fontana's statement follows:
At the prices which we have made for fraits
the largest growers in th« State, who hav
other business lntertata aad who know th«
condition? that prevail, had no hesitancy in
cnntractlns their fruits. If any fair-minded
person will take Into consideration ta* facts
as they exist, namely:
The lare»r crop of cherrtes. apricots ana
pears which prevail here this seaeoa ad com
pared with laat. * ' ,
The lnimense csr>r3 In all th* Ujt* fruit
districts of the East as compared with Last
season wh« there was practically nothing-.
The change from an advaru.-in£ market witlj
a heavy demand to a declining market wUh
Indifference on part of the buyers.
The fact that in car line retailers, wholesalers
and canners themselves carry heavy »tock3
from last season, only one conclusion can b*
drawn, namely, that oar prtc«» are fair and
reasonable.
We maintain stilt further that cur prices for
the staple varieties, apricots, peaches and
p#ars. will net the growers oa tfte av^ag* more
money than they -w!!! secure in any other way,
that Is. bj shipping East or drying.
FBITIT-PACKEES INCORPORATE.
Result of Conference With. Judge
Bond o* Cured Fruit Association.
SAN JOSE, June «.— A large meeting of
fruit packers was held at the Hotel Vea
dome this evening, and as a result the
California Packers' Company of CaUfor
i-J^. was Incorporated. The capital stock
is J1.00Q.00O. divided into 100,000 shares of
510 each. The principal place of business
is San Jos-. The purpose is the packing
of prunes in co-operation with the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit Association.
The directors for the first year are: A.
G. Freeman. \V. M. GrifSn. A. J. Hecht
len Ralph W. Hersey. Frank S. Johnson.
Frank H. Holmes. Albert F. Castle. To
save time the committee requests that all
packers in sympathy with the movement
meet at the Board of Trade rooms in San
Jose on Saturday. June d. at 11 a. in.,
without further notice.
The hope is expressed that all packers
of the State wtli b« represented with au
thority to sign for stock In the corpora
tion. The incorporation Is the result of
a conference had this afternoon with
Judsre Bond, president of the Cured Fruit
Association. 7
An Organization of Orchardi3ts Is
Probable — Superintendent Fcn
tana Outlines the Position
of the Alleged Trust.
Decline to Accept Offers
Made by the Canners'
Association.
FRUIT GROWERS
STILL MAKING
DIRE THREATS
BERKELEY, Jure 6.— The track team
of the University of California, which
was expected home this morning, did not
materijiiizc. Only two cf the members.
T. L. HamUn and Trainer George Hup
perdir.e, returned to Berkeley. The others
wiU remain in the East, for some time,
visiting relatives and sightseeing.
The team has been in continuous hard
training since" it left here April 2S and
though all the contests. Vale, Princeton.
Pennsylvania. Mott Haven and Western
ir.tercoMepiate were hard fought, the men
are In good physical condition. Captain
U'i'.liam Drum, however, has felt his re
sponsibil'.tv and taken the defeats of the
teem ibueti to heart.
The reeswin piven for the defeats Is tho
superior method of training in vogrue in
ihf- Eastern coIU-?es. There they have
regular feyittdu ar.d rules which are ad
h<=r"«l to very closely during the track
seasan. Kere the rules are verv lax and
tach man is largely dependent cpon him
self for his condition. The team was
treated royally in every place and the
trip was very enjoyable. T. L. Hamlin
had this to say:
"We owe alt mir defeats to the supe
riority of the Eastern athletes, who have
he>?n "developed t>y vastly superior train
ing methotis. We know absolutely noth
ing of training a track team compared
with Eastern methods. We were siven a
splendid reception at Tale and the ath
letes and men could not do enough for us.
"Cadoean was considered a wonder.
Many believe he has the making of the
fastest sprinter In the world. For fifty
yards he. has no superior to-day. Wool
sey and 'Piaw both came in for praise.
The performance of both with the
weights was considered marvelous. Plaw
•will not go to the Paris games, but will
return here a little later. He objects to
the professional tone that joining the New
York Athletic Club would give him."
The rest of the team, except Service.
Moser and Broughton. will return next
Friday.
Two Members of University
of Cal'.fornia Track
Team Return.
Beaters by Experts on the Other
Side cf the Con-
Plavr and Cadogan Considered World-
TRAINING RULES
MORE RIGID IN
EAST THAN RERE
Coinnittees Appointed to Handle the
Routine Work cf the Convention.
Programme of Entertain
ment for Visitors.
Oakland Office Snn Frnr.cisco Call.
111S Broadway. June 6.
The thirteenth annual session <>f the
Grand Circle of California, Companions of
the Forest, opened tevday at Oier"s Hall.
The Grand Officers arc as follows:
P?.«t irran.i chief con:ranion. J. Calrr.ann.
Baa Francisco; paM t;rjn<1 chief cnfnparim.
Ttjrrr^as !r*\»«>l!, San Fr«n--!«Of>: past jrrand
chief comranion. llr». L,. AtWQOd) i-'a.n Fran
ft.«oo;Vvt gran^i rhi*; cempanirn. Mrs. M. A.
I^ke. ?m Franclscti; pa?t crand chief com
{•anicn. Mi«s A. I>. Bn»rr!»r. At2ni»'!^; ra't
gran4 chisf comraaicn. Mr*. E. Harrine.:.'.a.
Fan Francij-'-; pa*t rran.l chief companion.
Ira W*. Culniiu, Sar. Francisco: *rar..i chief
crapar.ST. Mrs. F. .Taccbs. Fcnnrifco:
e-rar.J sub-chief companion, Mr*. n*ttf Alft*.
M«r^»^: ?rar.d fir,».r.c!a! «»t-r»ta^y. M;?j Ajne?
I> B^mer. Alarr.rda: graroi ri^in'.lng s#cr"?
tary. Mrs I* A*ww*S, P.t= Frar.r!«^-o: grand
tr^^ifure**. Mi«« Alto* 1 Ti'v^uT^t. t?nn' F'ranrif^'^M
prar.fi mirshi!. A 5t. Martin. Waisunv!! 1 *;
?ran<5 -icht guld". Miss M. r*i ! «v. Snn Kran
ci. ,-o; pran.l !^rt p£dil'< Miss i. Au«: San
I'>c"-: cr:ir;'1 !r.n»r ruar.I. 5(i?s J. Nort^irk^:
?art». r^trbara: irmn-i cuter cuar.i. iln. M.
Mel^han. P«»ta;uTr.;i: «rr:»rd organist. Mrs W.
J. DmtWn, Pan Franrlaon; crar.i1 trustee. Mrs
J. XV PhaSTer. K»rn City; (frand tru^te*. Mrs.
H. K»mp Van E*. ?an Frnr.cisco; grand trus
tp*. Mr*. A. Davis. Oakiar.-l.
Tho tolUtwing rcimmittefs were appoint
ed by «3rand Chief Companion Mrs. F.
Ja^oris:
Cr»'!entia!s and r*t'jrrs — M!m J. Sena cf No.
7*. San Franc!*.-o; Mr?. Riy Cch»n of No. t!X
Oaklaiid; Mrs. L. Myers of No. !li. San Fran
cii=co.
Dl5trtbuft->n — Hiss Parah Flnn»-san cf No.
KH, Uinrrtn*; Mrs. Miry B. Frost of No. 3CS.
M»rrM; P. H I#wln cf No. 3. Onklan.i.
Laws, arr.pndrr.^nts and resolutions— Mrs. H.
Wrrrr? of Xn. 11. San Francisco: Miss H. M.
Morris of No. y?3. Sonora: MI*s Anna Peter cf
No. Oro'-ill*. -.
Arts »r.d detiiiens — M. I.eiry of iCo. 1C3. San
Francisco: Mrs L. Ticou!«t of i'o. San
Fr»cisco; Mr;. J. Weisel cf So. ZX San Fran-
ClliCO. |
Stat? cf order— L«on J. Pinkson tpf No. 329.
Pan Franctw-o: Mrs. Ltzzle l.«aaos|of No. 103.
N>\-S,1a City; Miss Kate Driscoll of| No. Z2, San
Francisco. [
Mii^ag 1 *, per diem anil finance — Mrs. M. A.
Puke. P. G. C. C. San Francisco; iMIsa Carri*
Harris of No. 329. San FranctscoJ Mrs. Rosa
K~?d.?r of No. 4.-.J.- Panta P.^*a. '
Pr»-f- Mrs. J. H. Krimrr.iTtsrer cf tVo. 43«. Los
Ang?!?5: Mrs Gibson of No. ICO. Potrero. San
Fr3T.ct«~o; Mrs. John Boe^e of No. 204. South
San FntmMsoj.
M?mcries for the huuoirf dead— Mi«s N-lll-
KrcIUn^nr of No. S». Woodland; Mr*. R. M
Kalck cf N'i. m, Stockton; Misa Josie Ro«ge
cf No. ?C7. TVatscnvlil*.
Following are the delegates to the ses
sion:
Exr»!s=icr Clrcl» No. 2-Mi*s M. McMumy.
Snn Franc<5.>>: Mrs. N. E. Smith. -San Fran
cisco. Oakland CirrUi No. 3 — D. H. Lewln.
Oakland. L^iy City Circle N.x 11— Mrs. L.
Marks. San Fnn<*iscn: Mr«. II. Worms, San
Francisco. Diana Circle No. !2— Miss Kate
PrlscoU. San Frarjctsco. Gol.Jen Gate Clrc'.e
No. S3 — Herman Kofcn, San Francisco; Miss J.
Sena. S«n Francisco. Loreley Ctrcl-? No." IS —
Mrs. C. MulVr. s=ari Francisco. Live Oak Cir
cle NV>. W— Mrs. rt. Harris, San Francisco: Mrs.
J. Wei*»I. ?an Francis^. Robin Hood Circle
, No. :«— M.-s. M. rarr. Oakland; Mrs. L. Ticou
l<"t. Fan Francts-r>. Humlet Circle . No. &* —
M!5? M. Meatd, Alarr.«U. Mlzpah Orcle So.
V.0— Mrs. Otb«nn, fan Franci*co. Tuba Circle
No. !i!-Mn. Sarah Fir.r.egan. Marysvtlle; Mrs.
ntr.m.1 Rui^l. Msrysvil!*". Gold»n Era Circle
No. li3— II. Levy. San Francisco. Bontta Cirol*
No. l> n *— J£n». Acr.i? Millar. San Francisco.
Fr^»Kl'-'m Circl* No. 108 — ilrs. L.i«2le Isaac.
Nerri,ia City- Ptockton Circle No. 130— Mr*.
R. If. KaicX. StocXtoa. American Clrele X).
!=.>— Mrs. Carr. Fetainma. Pride of the Forest
Circle No. TA — Sirs. Jaijn B»-«>jrs. Pan Franctsco.
Tajaro Valley Rn.«« Cfrcle No. K7— M»S3 Josl*
R'ege, WataotlTflTe. Marya*rite Circle No. IC9
-Miss N. Krel'.enbertr. Wtwiland. Inter Nos
Circle Nft Zl'>— Mr?. L. Myers. San Francisco;
Mr?. C. Fa5h<^f.i. Pan Franctsco. Ocean View
Crcle No. K3— lllas J. V.'crkurlis. Santa Bar
bara. Orange BtOMSfB Circle No. 2ft — Mrs.
L»na Faul. OmriII»; Mrs. Anna Pet»r. Oro
vil!<*. Fan Francisco Circle Ni>. J5T~M.rs. D.
O'Calla?han. San Franci«oo. Presiiio Clrci*
No. CSS— Mr*. W. J. Donlori. =an Francisco.
Senora Circle No. 28?— Miss H. M. Morris. So
nora: Ml^s "W. S. Prows*. Sonora. Fidelity
Clrc!e No. .TO — C. S. Fox. Santa Ana: Mrs.
& B. Ellt*. Panta Ana. Elhret Gate Cirri*
No. ?71— «Tharlfs VT. Acst. ?an Dles-o; Frank
X. Wallace. ?.an Di»zo. Loyal Circle No. 313
—Mrs. Ray Crhen. Oakland. 'jXoaltft Circle No.
IZ'-t— Mrs. S. I>. Par;uet;e. Kern City. Chrys
anthemum Circle No. 3C*:— Mrs. Mary B. Frcst.
Merced. Sotoyome Circle No. 32T— Heal43bursr-
Manranita Circle No. 323— Mrs. Frankie Tryon.
Anrels Camp. Palo Alto Circle No. "Cy— Leon
J. Pinkson. fan Fmncisco: Ml«s Carrie Harris.
San Francisro. Pride of Butte Circle No. 3TS
—Joseph P. Moor*. Chlco. Ferrucoio Circle N<>.
4^2— Missr Lydta Sch»nom». San Francisco. Santa
Lu<Ma Circle No. ¦CO— Mr». Laura Davis. Sa
linas. The Roce Circle No. 455— Mrs. Ro?a
Header. Santa licsa. Union Circle No. 4i« —
Mrs. Ruby Garter. Los Angeles; Mrs. J. H.
Krisimir:rpr. lyis Ar.Reles. La Purisima Circle
No. <;7— Miss Lettie Rark-r, Lcmpoc.
N'e-™- Grand oOcers «ill be elected to
morrow.
This ever.fns a ball was j^iven in honor
of the vi^tine delegates. The business
session will conclude to-morrow.
Many Delegates Attend From
All Sections of the Ju
risdiction. ¦ '.
COMPANIONS OF
THE FOREST IN
ANNUAL SESSION
<~?.:??LE CREEK. Cc!o.. June €.— At
e rnectine cf the State Federation of
I r to-day the initiative and referen
;rr action In putting a State ticket in the
: • : : wi.s c2irn:ed.
;e ticket is as follow?: Justice of the
Supreme Court. M. J. Gallajran of Pueblo;
QvrtTBOT, D. C. Ccpley. Altnian: Lieuten
ar.t Governor, P. B. Trurnbell. Leadville;
rr -cretary of State. Thomas Annear, Sil
vertaa; Attorney General, John H. Mur
rnx. Denver: Treasurer. C. R. Lar?en.
E ju'.der; Auditor. Georse Clark. Boulder;
r-"'.:j-erfr.!* > nder.t cf Pubile Instruction. S.
."-' -ry. Daranso. Regents of the Univer
sity—F. Kenrtrk. I>idville; G. H. Waa
r;n. Canyon City; P. J. Ryan of Gllan.
PHILADELPHIA. June €.— The first
Ctepa lo-^kin^ to the organization of a na-
Clcnal r.egro party have been taken In.
this city. Proalnttit negroes, bishops.
t3lnifter». editors ind lawyers, at a meet
jr.g -iecided to place a Presidential ticket
: rteid. with n^ffro candidates. The
s to orranixe the party in every
ttate in the L'niun and r.onilnate cacdi
¦ for and Congressional offices.
T::e names mentioned for President
~r~ ex-Jodpe \Valk«»r of BcFton. with
P. B. S. Ptr.chba.ck, eX-L4<?uter.ant Gover
r r of Louisiana, as Vice President:
Hit-hep W. B. Derrick of Nets- York, with
Pn»f«twor De Boise as Vice President;
p Grant of Illinois, with the Rev.
Dr. J. P. Sampson as Vic** President;
Turner, with Booker T. Washing
ton OX Alabama as Vice President, and
Bishop Waller*, with T. T. Allain of Lou
1 :«-:i a^= Vice President.
ATLANTA. Oa... June <j— Bishop A. M.
Tamer, of the A. M. £. Church, when in
• - . t t&t Philadelphia project, ex
! doubt a* tT the practical results
(rota organization if it *s intended to be &
j.(.;:iiral party in the ordinary sense, for
I — 15O3 that the regro*s compose a
part of the vote-s.
! as in favor of a naticnal r.eyo par
ty." he said, "if it is intended to secure an
P'i£ticn which trill enable the re
-- »s to move to a place where they can |
ry themselves. I take no stock in any j
- r.:*»r.t which dees not contemplate the
;aration of the races."
FEDERATION OF LABOR
MAKES NOMINATIONS
LEiriSTON. Idah^. June «.-Th* forces
St.-unrr.t«rg triumphed to
¦ in the State democratic Convention
bj t^attng the contesting delesatiba from
¦ Cour.ty, the vote being 152 to 77.
n • "¦ - :lt is a prart'.cal indorsement of
> • ". r Steunentwrp's adn-.inistratfon in
• -.. ¦ ear <1'A!er»e trouble, as the fight in
¦ r .. r.vrtition was mudo almost entirety
yj ti^at ttae.
•.e opposition to the Governor made a
bora fijrht for two day« and debate
on the report of the credentials cotnniit
te« ¦•..-tod four hours. On!y indirect ref
txx was rna.ee to th*» Co«ur d'Alene
trouble by the opposition, the ypeakcrs
!fTniting thf>ir remarks to th» personnel of
th" <"ontestir.c del^g-att^ns and to th*> r»*g
¦ulirity cf thtir «redentla.is. Shi^hna*
County ts the seen* <jf the Coeur d*AIra«
raintpx difference*, and «ne of the eon
testhjf delegations represented the e!p
r -¦ nt OPPOHM to the admini'tratSon <>f af
'^:rs» there. The is»ue. therefore, hroyeiit
NEGROES ORGANIZING
A NATIONAL PARTY
iho Coeur d'Alece matter directly before
t'«« convention. Th<i Stfunenbtrg- men
contested that the Ehoshone Cour.ty
Dnaocsatlc Convention was cor.troileU hy
Populists who captured the primaries i:n
<ier the dictation of those rtspoiisible for
IJM labor trouble*. %
Oii the preiiniinary vote to s^eat neither
<1 elevation, the proposition was defeated
by a rote of Q3 to 57. The vote on this
contest showed St>;unenberg's control o*
the convention and the opposition th^-n
frave way. The resolutions passfd indorse
Brvan for President and Colonel James
Hamilton Lewis cf Washington State for
Vic« President, ami favor fussori of all re
form forors In the campaign.
Th" convention d«'<:t*-«l the following
<5tiesa.tes to the national convention:
Coloiiel W. H. Dewey of Narnpa. dele eat i?
at l*rr»; James W. Reid of Lewiston. W.
F. McFuteod of C(y=ur d'Alen*?. Judge C.
O. S:'xrksla?er of Haiiey. E. R. D<>ckery
of Bol!M> and John O. Brown of Poca.tell<>.
Colonel Dewey is a cousin c* Admiral
Dewey.
At U o'clock to-night the convention ad
fenxsed sine die.
7 -^ az^d X.c-w-is Indorsed for 2fa
ticnal Ticket and Resolutions
Favcr Ftision. cf All
Reform Forces.
Indorsement of His Admin
istr/jLtion in the Coeur
d'Alene Trouble.
STEUNENBERG
CONTROLS IDAHO
CONVENTION
I Pauline Montairs against Clarence Mon
j taine. the cctrr. nice up for hearirs be-*
fore Judg-e Murasky ye>sterday raomins.
but was eoriirmetl until the . liih insu
Mrs. Moctaire charges, her husi-and wiiii
inteinpcrar.cj? and craeity, - She alleges
that he frequently abused her and mada
her life centrally unbearable.
Decrees of divorce were irrant^d yester
day to Birciie L. !'..-.:. ,:¦'.- r from Walter
Bachelder for wiltfai . neglect and Etaa
Linda from Lawrence A. lAzulo ©a liia
LARAMIE. Wyo.. June 6.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day elected the
following ueiegares to the national con
vention at Kansas Citj : A. E. Miller of
Laramie. P. C. Aljjrer of Prieridan. C. E.
Brjpdcsbsrs of Rawlins. Walter L. Larsh
of Cheyenne. R. A. Kuer.an of Rock
Springs and William Hlnlon. of Evans
tun.
Candidates for Presidential Elector?
»tre chosen as folirws: WFtliam H. Hunt
of Big Horn. County. Mike Murphy cf
Fremont County azid William W. Burton
3f Uinta County.
John C. Thompson of Cheyenne was
nominated for Representative to Con
gTess.
STORMY SESSION OF
WEST VIRGINIA DEMOCRATS
PARXERSBITRG. W. Va.. June 6.-
After a tumultuous session the Demo
cratic State"" Convention to-night nom
inated Judge John H. Holt for Governor
and adjourned until to-morrow, when the
ticket will be completed. During the day
the convention held three sessior.-s. A plat
form .was adopted indorsing Bryan and
reaffirming the Chicago platform. It de
nounces trusts, imperialism, the Porto
Rican tariff, the Philippine war militar
ism, the recent financial act of Congress,
the increase cf the standing army and
the administration of President McKin
ley and Governor Atkinson. Sympathy
was expressed with the Boers. The Nic
aragua canal was strongly favored.
CHAMBERLAIN. S. D.. Jur.e 6.-The
E'cmocratlc State convention for the se
lection cf eight delegates to the Kansas
City convention concluded its labors to
night. The delegates were instructed for
Bryan. The resolutions contain para
graphs eulosistie of Charles A. Towne,
Popuiistic nominee for Vice President;
commend the course of .Senator Petti
pr^w. and recommend that the Demo
cratic convention to be held at Yankton.
Juiy 11. indorse Mr. Pettigrew for re
elecricn, thus fcindin? every Democratic
member of the Legislature to his sup
port.
After a prolonged debate the resolutions
were adopted. Sympathy is extended to
the Boers, and imperialism and trusts are
denounced.
WYOMING'S DELEGATES
TO NATIONAL CONVENTION
INDIANAPOLIS. Jur.e &.-The Denv
cr&tie State Convention to-day was har
nr-nious irora b^ginr-ir*? to end. The fo!-
Eowtag ticket was placed :n the ri^lri:
Governor. John W. Kern of In<i!ariapoli>;
Lieutenant Onernor. John ft LavUer of
Secretary cf State. Adam IK-irn
borgcr of New Albany; State Auditor.
John W. Minor of Indianapolis; i>taf»
Treasurer. Jerome Hern* of Peru; Attor
ney Qtrner.il, v'. P. Drummorui of Ply
mouth; Reporter of Supreme Court.
Henry G. Y'-rein of New Castle; Superin
tendent of Public Instruction. Charifs A.
«Ir>:ithouse of Mount Vc-rnon; State S:a
tistician, Edward Horuff of Madison;
Sopreste Jud^s— First District. George L.
EteohArt ->f Bioornir^ton: Fourth District.
J. li. Adair of Columbia City; delegates
at larare— Samuel E. Morss of Indianapolis.
Hxtgfh M. Uaughc-rty of lUuffton. James
Mnrdock of Lafavette, Georce B ileniies
of Mount Vernon: electors at large— Allen
Zollers of Fort Wayr.e. Mcoolaa Cornett
of Versailles.
The platform indorsed William J- Bry-in
for the Presidency; reaffirmed the Chi
cago platform and omitted mention of the
ratio of lt> to 1. Its reading was followed
by a burst of tumultuous approval and
the piatforin warn unanimously adopted.
SOUTH DAKOTA IS
FOR BRYAN AND TOWNE
KANSAS CITY. June 6.-At the meet
ing of the State Democratic Convent:on
to-day a full ticket was nominated as fol-
For Governor. Alexander M. Dockery of
GaHatin: Lieutenant Governor. John A.
I-oe of St. Louis: Secretary of State. S.
"- Cook of Mexico; Stare Auditor. Albert
O. Allen of Nets- Madrid: Attorney Oen
«alj E. C Crow of Webb City; State
Treasurer. R. P. Williams of Fayette:
Railway and Warehouse Commissioner.
Joseph Kerrintrton cf Jefferson City:
Presidential «le<*tor« at lance. Jarnes A.
Rced of Kar«ss City and William A.
Rothwell of Moberly.
The contests in the S*. Lo'jis and Kan
sas City delegation?, which it had taken
the credentials committee the wnole of
rcstcnlajr to untangle, were decided in
live, minutes' time bjr the prompt a<lnp
tion of the corr.mittee's report. The re
port was a victory for the anti-machine
element. When the resolution committee
presented its report there was a fieht to
*tnk» out the indorsement cf Governor
Stephens. It lasted for hut a minute or
tno. ami tho report was adopted arr.M
murh enthusiasm. The platform reaffirms
allegiance to the Chicago platform of IS3C,
panic ui.-.riy specif jirtg "I* to 1": enthu
*lasiira!!y indorses WtMiam J. Bryan, rie
ccuriees trusts u.r:d declares emphatically
against '"imperialism
NOMINATIONS liADE BY .
INDIANA DEMOCRATS
Presidential Electors-Edward Smythe.
Toller County; J cy Pollard. Teller Coun
ty: Jnhn Ca."y. Sllverton: William Jop
y n - Bou!{!cr - For Congress— First District.
J. Warner ilUls; second district. John C.
BelL
FULL TICKET NAMED
BY MISSOURI DEMOCRATS
sixth round. Both are from San Fran-,
Cisco.
ADVENTISTS IN ' SESSION.
Reports Show a Large Increase in All
Lines of Work.
Special Dispatch to Thi Call.
SAX JOSE. June 6.— The twenty-ninth
annual encampment of the California
Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
opened here to-day. There are about SOU
tents pitched already, and during" the
tweire-dav encampment it ts expected the
attendance will reach 1200. KMer W. L.
Knox called the conference together. All
the prominent ministers and speakers of
the church are present. Thtrty-one
churches are represented by defecates.
Five new churches? were received into the
conference. The report of the president
showed a train of 637 in membership »iur-
Ing the y*st year, with eighty-three min
isters ard other laborers in the field.
Henry Scott, president of the California
Sabbath-School Association, in his annual
report showed KM laborers in this depart
ment of the work, with 131 schools and a
membership of G&
Elder J. A. Burden, president of the
California Medical Missionary and Benev
olent Association, presented a summary
of results accomplished in various san
itariums and missions conducted by that
organization. A large number of phy
sicians and trained nurses have been sem
out to various fields and much charitabie
and benevolent work has been done f4r
the poor and destitute of the large cities..
THE ;'SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
Electricity In Capsules.
This new compound, which Is mad* from
cheap chemicals. Is pat up in capsule forra
and when added to a. certain quantity of n;
:er will furnish electricity enough to light a
house, drive an autumobil* or ev-n a railroad
train. But this U nothin? compared t» ta*
strengthening power contained In a bctt:* o'
Hosteler's Stomach Bttt*rs. It cores Indiges
tion, dyspepsia, biliousness. llrer and kidney
troubles and fills tlie sy*texg » t;fc iht r.gvr or
fe«alt4.
The Board of Education discovered yes
terday that no record had been kept of
the recent proceedings tn the trial of Prin
cipal Kilpatrfck of the Business Evening
School on charges preferred by Walter S.
Brann. Some fear was expressed that the
neglect might invalidate the board's de
cision in having dismissed Kilp&trick from
his position.
Secretary Hanson said he had been told
that no record was necessary.
"The trial was an open proceeding," yaid
Denman, "and an official record should
have been kept for future reference. Let
it be- understood that in future alt such
inquiries will be recorded in the same
manner as the minutes of a regular meet-
Ing." •¦ -
Other members of the board were aston
ished to - hear that no record had been
kept. The trial lasted four days, many
witnesses were examined, yet there ia not
any evidence to ;how that Kilpatrtck has
either been tried or dismissed.
NO RECORD KEPT OF
KILPATRICK'S TRIAL
Mrs. Dr. Emma L. Merritt Claims the
Valuable Collection Was Be
queathed to Her.
The application for the sale of the cele
brated Sutro library was taken up by
Judge CofTey yesterday. Attorneys Mc-
En^rney, Wheeler. Alex Morrison. Camp
bell. W\ S. Wood and McKInatry were
present when the case was called for
hearing.
Mr. Morrison, on behalf of Mrs. Dr
Emma L. Merritt. who claims the library
as a personal . bequest, objected to- the
hearing on the ground that a Judgment
at this time against her would preclude
an appeal. He suggested that the hear
ing be continued until after the conclu
sion of the contests that have been filed
attacking th« validltv of decpdf-nt'a will
Others in interest insisted that the hear
ing continue, as. they said, the Hbrarv
was costing the estate over $300 a month
Judge Coffey decided that the mattet
should be heard, but as- the proceedings
will necessarily be lengthy the court con
tinued the case until August 22, at which
time the application for the sale will be
fully heard.
OPPOSITION TO SALE
OF SUTRO'S LIBRARY
Plaintiffs Attorney Files Formal Dis
missal — Judge Murasky Contin
ues Montatne Case.
Eva Elizabeth AuzeraJs has abandoned
her suit for a divorce from Raoul Au
guste Auzerate. On motion of her attor
ney, a judgment of dlsmtssat was entered
yesterday, and once ajraln peace prevails
between "the two. In her complaint Mrs.
Auzerais charged her husband wtth «x
treme cruelty. She specifically charged
that he teat her. once In their name on
Clayton street and asuln tn the St. Nich
olas Hotel; also that he frequently aj>
plied vile eutthets to her. Because of
these acts she demanded absolute divorce
and alimony In the sum of $li) a month.
The dismissal of action, however, has
ended, the controversy.
The action for divorce Instituted by
AUZEPAIS DIVORCE
ACTION ABANDONED
9
Write ytmr name and address plainly
oa letter", and mail promptly to the
Postum Oreal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich- Prizes sent July 5
Almost every cr.e interested in pu«*e
food is billing to have his or her name
2pp<rar ?n the p.ipers for such help as
they rr.sy offer the human race. A re-
quest, however, to orr.it name will btr
respected. Try for one cf the .110 prizes.
Every one has an _ equal show. Don't
vrrite poetry, bat just honest and inter-
esting fccts about the good you have
obtained from the pure food Grape-
Ncts. If a man or woman h;s found a
true way to pet well and keep well, it
Fhotddj.be a pleasure to stretch a help-
ing hand to humanity by telling the
fict?.
Incur}- m the letter the trne names
and addresses, carefully written, of 20
persons not very well, to whom we can
¦r.Tit£ re?arc:rig the food cure" by Grape-
Nuts.
A char.ge to perfectly rooked, predi-
pested food lilce Grape-Nuts. scient:fic-
slly made ?.nd containing exactly the
element* nature requires for buiidirij;
the delicate and wonderful cells of brain
and body. auI quickly change a halt-
sick person to a well person. Food,
frtx>d food, is Nature's strongest weapon
Of defer?e.
It is a profound fact that most ails of
Irii'unamty come from improper and non-
nourishir.g food, such as white bread.
hot biscuit, starchy and uncooked ce-
r»a!s, etc
Write plain, sensible letter;, giving
detailed fscts of ill healrh caused from
irr.proptr food and explain the improve-
ment, the gain in strength, in weight or
in brain power after csing Grape-Ncta
food-
20 boxes each containing a $5 gold
7:ece to the 20 next most interesting
writers, and a Si greenback will -go to
each of the 300 next best. A committee
of 3 to make decision and the prizes
sent en July 3. 1900.
3jo boxes of gold and greenbacks will
be sent to persons writing interesting
and truthful letters about the good thit
has been done them by the use of
Grape- Nuts food.
10 little boxes, each containing a $:o
gold piece will be sent the io writers of
the most interesting letters.
BOXES OF GOLD
Sent fcr Letters About Grape-Huts.
GSAPE-2TCTS.
I ADVEBTISZMENT^
.Little Pills.
They also rrfjeve Distress Lota Dyspeprffe
tad%es£km asd Too Heart? Fating. A per-
fect rezady ear Dizziness, facsea, DrovsS»'
ry«rs BadTastctotbc Mouth, Coxza Tcicgra
Piin fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Reflate i^e Bcweta. ruiely Vegetable. .
Small Pill, Small Doso.
Small Prica*
1 *
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TtlTH EXTKACTKO ANT> VTLLXZ> AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAW. by «w ta:»
! KierUSc ir.ethod applied to th- faai. .n j
¦iwp-prodcrta* «*«t» or coc&tae.
The«» •/• the only (feata! ;ar!:n ta Ssa
FmnetJCO ta»i5jr PATENTED APPLtAXC?^
i »-d l=jr-d:»n;.« to extract. "'.I aad apply <--i 1
croiraa and porcelala crowas cad«f*ctJLbi« from
, ratural teeth, aad warranted tor taa year*.
1 WITHOtrT THE LEAST PAIN. I*ull »ei jf
tettli K. » perfect fit raar«Eta«<! or no jar.
I Cold crown*. IS. Ocld tUtex*. ti. Sllrtr 211-
: tnxs. Me. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of free* IS to » years' exsert-ac-. %ml
' eaeii departscest ta eharj* cf a spedaliat. Gt»«
cs a call, aad yen will Sad us to do exactly
u w« a<lTertts«. W» wd ten jot ta Mdnaem
exactly what yoar wcrk wCl C8*t ty » TRZM
: EXAMINATION'.
I New York Dental Parlors,
723 Harket Street,
SAN FRANCJSCa
HOCUS. J to I: SU3TDAT3. 13 !-> i
I MAIN OFFICE V.. PORTLAND
i (
f ¦ _ ?
j ? - * ?
I H Natural Mineral Watar \
? l.'tiV iaowa for centur!«j and »
0 f^*Zti In 70. -red o
1 -?M ONLY IN BOTTLES. •
O Bit *_ i ? t VUii t9 ra'.u- tuss t«sa tsstl- O
' ? I VltSY So^aDed Vichy ta Sy- ?
? g.^^J IS NOT VICKY. ?
1 * IClaaJp **** tbo Genalaot ®
° a. risers*. Duv-iia^j *?«: ®
: ; r
EA/ER-V DOLLAR'*
TOC INVEST T3t
OPHIR OIL STOCK
win te devctsJ :o actsat d*-
Yelcrrmest of the property.
The officers of t "¦• ccra^aAy
draw NO SALARIES as.1 ar»
not dependent on stock jai^s
fcr a l:v:ii:oJ. Ttw cosi^any
ia orzantud to
OIL...
e- .'. establish a business of
proflt. Scok stocks ars Jear
at any srlce.
OPHIR OSLSTOCK
ts rr-?a? at '.is present *-!...-.<
prtc*. FuIJy ca!d aad oos-
asseaaabl*. Call or aeoj :„£•
proapectus.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Vlt.l- Buildiny. San Francisco.
!>-•» Aag*le* Offlce. 4— Dous>a« Black.
visit OR JORDAN'S zxzxr i
OF & n AT0i9Y*
M _«^3~>«. * or j. \v rjx*— . »i a* any erntneted A
Cf Igai vjwrtfaf. tv r..»n Esr. fi ;-iir; J)
0 g^lj* C8- •tfiJAiMtflATE C!3£/3£S 4
1 » %.®j|j6 t-TT««!7arMB fret ard jtric-^y 9rr»a:= \
¥ Q yr *J 9 *** <¦** fw! ra every ca» «r.'lm«ts. T
M*1 '!».• '•»--,'-'R-»k.FaiLOt()f»V«ti
* 1 ii* ««niicc, M»f-? fizz. !.\v
di U ll "'-*-- »"¦ • fc » z - r ~- \
7 DB. J«»li S \ .'. A CO . !•£.: Market J i.s.f F
a%>-^^^^^^-»^ -^ -^ -^»
jgZgircrSZ.* %a Ohet. S5«raitjrrb*i,
gSSs^i* 1 '¦» » tari. '«5g >* bit**, i^snatil 4im
JSf^l o»»j»s««i x2 f i»irir-<. or »ny ia3s—sj^
¥**•, alBMlaai ii.a..jrr.i*uoc or u-:?rv
r= Z'tnri.-a tfimtfin. tica ••' dbc«si ae:»
¦|s?SV c. '.a T*13 ;f ** 0 ' l3 !>**"> »^»BjeT.
¦ ' & Crcu_u sum «• r "*i*-\^
Weak Men and Women
SHOfLJ> L'SK DAlllANA RITTER3. THE
K.-eat Mexican r-.r. \!j . fives n«alta asui
; itresf t!i p sfxual c.-.uzi De^3^ C3 Xvttj.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
jjt^TNESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
cill. corner of Market acd Third 'streets, open
ctitli U o'clock every nl?ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Uontscincry street.
(rricr Cay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S'iO Ilayts ftreet; cpen until 9:39 p. ra.
t;a McAllister Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CJO Larkin ctreet: cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
;r:i Mlrrion street; cpen until 10 p. ra.
i;c: Misticu Etre<?t, corner Sixteenth; cpen on-
tll :• r. rn.
JU Eleventh ctreet: cpen tsr.tll 5 p. ra.
Jff6 Valf-Ticla street: cpen until 9 p. in.
Northvrcyt corner Tv.-enty-secoad and Ken-
tucky streets; rpen until 9 p. m.
HECTOQ NOTICES^ -v
TUn members of the Past Mat- j^
ters' Aesooiatlcn. F. and A. A»\
il.. are requested to attend //*«
tin* fureral ot our late brother, H »
FREDERICK WAT30N FOS- /AJt^K
T'.ZU. V. M. of Mission Lo>l;j« ILfovVk
No. 169. TO-DAY (Thursday), jr%*Jf\
Jane '. 2D00. Kt Mission ilasor.lc //L^3^*--iA
Ti tuple, :«GS Mission St.. at 1:30 l *<jJ'Jt , * ,TI>*A
I>. m. Uy order of the Pre«I-
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. ar.d A m
M.. «¦!!! meet THIS <TJIUttSI)AY> _/>_
EVENING, June 7, nt 7:3? o'clock. JZjZ
Stated met ting and third degree. By* V '
crier of the Mastf-r.
FRAN KLIN H. PAY, Secretary.
LA PAP.FAITE I'nion Lodge No. 17. ft
F. and A. M.— Called meeting- FRI-_*%^
.':..- S, 6 p. :::. By order <-'->iiK
the AV. M. '?'
P. DE BT. JULLIEN. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter N<i» 79. R. A. M.— «
Btated RHMtlaS THIS (THUHSDAV)^V,
EVKXTSG. 7:30 o'clock. SZis^lon Ma-j£2\
Bcnle Tempi?. 2C6S Mission et. Buri-'
r.t-ss P M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order
c? the IL P. JNO. U. HILLMAN. S"c.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. n
M.-tHaied meeting THIS (THLT.S-J*
PAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By TTjr
«,i ccr of tiie AA\ M. ' v
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
MINION Lodge No. 1CS. F. and A. M-— «
Officers and memiwrs are hereby notl- Ji
fled to attend the funeral cf our T^J\
late brother. Past Master FRKDEH-'V>
ICK AV FOSTER, from the hall of this
lodge TO-DAY 'Thursday), tt 1:30 p. m. By
order of the W. M.
GEORGE D. FLACK, f~<*c. Pro Tem.
SOUTH fan Francisco I»c:.cr<* No. 212. ' m
F and A. M.-Ptatrd meeting THIS _fiV_
(THURSDAY) EYKNlNG. at I o'ek**. ;Cj\
n. C. HA HE. Secretary. /N7'
I*~>KIC Lriis-e No. 216. F. a-nd A. M.— J«
Stai.vi r.icrting and third degree THIS m g\ _i
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 5£J?
vVlock. By order r,( the Master. • "
J. H. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
UE3O3SR8 of Golden Gate Kncampment *k *t
No. 1. I. O. O. F.— Patriarch I-'REIi'y*
AV. FOSTER of our encampment v.-Kl XV 1
be bar* i June 7. at 2 j>. m., by Mis- + V |
Etoa Lo.i'.kp, F. and A. M. All Patriarch* j
are inviu>d to attend. Funeral Twenty-third
and Mission rts.
A II. NOWELL. Chief Patriarch.
II. C. GEORGE. Hcribe.
TERBA BUFNA LODOE NO. 15. t '«£^jZ>
I. O. O. F. — Election of officers £>S?TJ?£?c£
THIS EA-KN1NG. "^sSrS^
J. P. .SCHLOEN. X. G. '^A***-
THRBA Itl'EX A LODGE NO. IS. <^*a*'< s ,
J. < '. O. P.. will meet T!!Is:\\y^^S&
at 1 i). rr;. fcr the ;<urr>ose cf at-
tenOlnyr the fureral of our <le- *'/i*^
ceasK-d "brother. F. W. FOSTER. P. G.
J. D. SCHLOEN, N. G.
OCCIDENTAL Lodre No. 179. 1. O. <£««-£»•
O. F.— The f.ffiot'rs ar.d members %55g2&£
at this lrsjpe sre hereby «otlfl>d : ?!-!S*^5*s3t
to meet In their hall on FRIDAY. <*»•«
June t l:"C0. at !«:13 o'clock a. m.. to attend I
the funeral of our late brother. JAMES SUT-
CL1FFE. By order.
J. L. HUPMAN. X. G.
FRANCO-AMERICAN LODGE NO.
SSI, 1. O. 0. F.— Otncers and mem- -S^TJSsS
l--rs are r'-qu«-steu to attend the
renera.1 of our late brother, -N "
FRANK LESPOUNE. P. G.. FRIDAY,
June S. O00. at 2 o'clock p. m., from Seventh i
and Markrt street?. By order of E. DAU- |
CHER. N. G. A. L. AURADOU, Sec.
MIFION- Chapter No. loS. O. E. S.— Offl- 1
cers and members are hereby r~*]'l"-T"-1 ¦JHtip
ti> afsomble at Mission Masonic Tem-^Saj
pie. 2GCS BZlsadoa Ft.. THIS DAY **^
• Thurp-is}-). at l:S0 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose r>;- attending the funeral of our late
Lrcthor. FREDERICK AA'ATSON FOSTER.
By order of the AV. M.
ALEX. II. COX. Sec. Pro Tem.
HARMONY Alliance No. IS. Ft. P. A. of A.—
Members cf picnic committee are requested j
to atttTi'} the n-K-etinp of-tbe committee THIS '
KA'ENING to comp'.fte arrangements for pic-
nic to !«? held at Schueticn Park «n Sunday, ]
.Tune 10. F. O'BRIEN, Chairman.
WM. 00!.LIX.«. Secretary.
AGE.\TS WASTED.
S^-CO CAN >>e made during next 6 months fcy
hurtling apents handllnjr cur white and fancy
rubber collar*, cuffs, bos-.ms. neckiif-s; patent- j
e<l guaranteed Kcxvi*; inclose stamp for s;,e- j
rial plaa. M. & M. Mf£. Co.. Fpnrfrfleld. Mass, j
ASTROLOGY.
1'R'iF. A. ICASEHT cf Erypt. preatef-t Hstrol-
cpist and pa'.mist In the world; satisfaction
iruarant^fd. 35 Powell Ft.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADA'ICE free; divorce law a rpccialty; private;
r.o ?*o without fucce?s; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law. lib Market. ccr. Stockton.
I:. AV. KING. t<27 Market et.. room C27; all j
cbwb: no advance charg^E; call or -write.
ADA'ICE free; no charee unless eurceESfuJ. W.
AA\ DAVIDSON. 127 Market rt., opp. Mason.
1,. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
krt *t. : ••rr.sultation free; no fees in advance.
BELGIAN HAKI2S.
CALIFORNIA BEI^GIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
Capital stook $2.".0C0.
Any praie <jr strain of animal you want.
From $i to $D00. "*
If net as represented your money refunded.
We have a fine lot cf Br-lgian Hare Caponc.
from 41 T-0 to {2 each, a.11 In prime condition
lor the table.
GEORGE A TOTTNO. Manager,
Alameda. Cal.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fafhoda Prince and Royal Rochdale.
110 to t^0; best strain youngsters, J2 to J15.
4316 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
roil «!<¦ — Very fine etock cf hlph-score, pedi-
jrree<l Help-ian hares, oil scored by Mrs. Bush.
1008*4 Suiter ft.. S,an Francisco. .' -". .
7P.EMONT IMrian Hare Co.. 2121 Fillmore «t.,
Ft.n Francisco. Cal. — Send 6c la stamps fcr j
book on care and feeding. 1
HAKE Fariitnrtum — Treatment of sick hares;
I-^itive enuffle cure. DR. JACOBS, 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. €03 Gold-
<-n Gate ave.. S. F. ; £00 rabbits for Bale cheap.
GREAT WESTERN RABEITRT— Here is a
•rood chance for «artr>r«. I have a larsre Ftock
c:n hand to nelfct from. I offer you 2 fine bred
•Joes a.nd a buck pedigree for $12 50. Slnjrl*
«loe* from 12 V) to J15; «lrv> fln«» bucks fmm
S2 50 to C2S, nt all ages. AV. STOLZENWALD,
Z20* Florida ft.
BICYCLES— For Sal«» or RxchangeT
HOAV 1? th's? Allen sell* good new bicycles for
;:". Z r n I>arkln Ft., corner McAllister.
SEW Cleveland bicycl*-*: better than ever- 140
LHAVITT & BILL.. 203 Larkin gt.
GREAT targalrs In second-hand bicycles; from
tZ up; ffrA for lif-t. LEAA'ITT & BILL, SW
Lwfkir ft.. San Francisco.
BOOKS XEW AXD OLu!
eCHOOL BOOKS bought and~^xchanredT
Holm**- Bock Co.. 7(H Mission <=t.. nr-ar Third.
BVSIXESS CIIAXCKS.
A— J22-0: TRANSFER corner^niliffslon Et Tn^
eluding building; ground rent, $20; lease of^4
years; 5in.t-class; leaving fcr Europe; not SM
cash r.ec»-t>;ary. R. U. AVILKE. 2GVi Kearny.
A— V.<A>: COBXER clrar store with card room,
c-loee to comer Market and Powell sts. ; a. rare
chance. Call R. <J. AVILKE. 2C»± Kearny st.
A— T2Q0; BAZAR and stationery; choicest loca-
tion CT> Valencia Rt.; rent $li; 2 living rooms;
ET»-at tarcaln; ownf-r must fell quick; Nome
lever. ;CsU It. G. WILKU. 2£S Kearny si.
A— ESCW- VERY best location; saloon close to
Powci* and Market- cts.; business first class;
only patronized by be*t people; a rare chav.ee
Call K. O. AVILKE. SC% ».-trny tt.
A— «:000; CANDY route; estabL 20 years; all*
c»th trade, rlearins ab;rot JT.%0 per month.
Call R. a. WILKE. Z£'i Kearny st.
A—tilO; CORNER eroerry and bar. with 4 liv-
lnj rocrr.s; south of Market «.; a Rood pay-
ing t>u?-.tne>K and rare chanct. Call R. O.
AVILKE. ZC^t Kearny et.
A — C30: COKNEIt «alc>on: rent »1S; choicest lo^
cation couth cf Market st. ; place «lo!n;f a good
paying biifrtnetis. but parties <-an't agree. Call
H. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny St. , N
A— t~M: CORNER branch bakery aad irrocery.
with t livir-sr rooms, on <Je*ry Ft.; low rent
and croort iisiyinrr busine**; a. rare chance.
Call P.. O. AAILkE.-2g'^ Kearny ft.
tt/«i— PARTNER wanted in old-established f.rst-
<la£» profitable office Ij-jyinefs with a well.
knoMvn liufcrncps man: duties easily acquired.
California Inve^tmo-nt Co.. €32 Market Et.
|!2">— CIGAR M.or< with laundrj- office and club-
room; ft'joA trade: cheap at J200 PaclSc Busi-
ness Fxchante, 1C1C Market 1 <
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A^AT^T^NljMG~c6TrB3rjlarket St.
LiFl your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate,
or any kind of business with us.
AA'e can Fell for cash
Have buyers waiting
SVM— Branch bakery; bargain.
*40i> — O.gar store; Kearny st.
J25O— Delicacy Etore; AA'trstern Addition.
A. STENBERG CO., 935 Market Kt- Phone
rolsom 1343. .
A— JSOG; RESTAURANT close to Government
vrhrtrf; rooms upstairs; owner 7 years there;
receipts average $2ii; meals 25c; fine place for
ruan and wile. STENBERG CO.. 933 Market.
A— JinC: BRANCH bakery, candy, notions: 3
blocks from Market: 2 runny living rms.; low
rent; estab. many yrs. STENBERG, i>35 llkt.
A^$300 $300 5200
Laundry Route
Fine horse and wapnn: will bear Investiga-
tion; trial given. UTENBERQ CO.. 930 Mkt.
$1100— STATIONERY, Fchool supplies, cigars
¦ and candy; large steck; on 'principal meet;
established for years; living rooms. LANE &
CO.. S£j Market st.
S7T.n— DAKHRY and delicacy: elegant fixtures;
pleasont living rvr.nis; with furniture if de-
Fired; a fnap. LANE & CO., E£S Market gt.
SSCC"— PARTNER in stationery, candy, notion
and clear ft ore, with billiard parlors ar.d bar-
ber Chop; tin-? country town; large stock; fine
business; bargain. LANE & CO.. SG3 Market.
$275— BRANCH bakery; nice living rooms;
ehc-ap rent; poor health. LANE & CO., Ma<
Market st.
$500— DELICACY* canned poods, butter and egps,
pleasant living rooms: on principal Ftreet: do-
lnc steady cash bus. Lane & Co.. S65 Market.
jllMu-vj ROOMS; well furnished; all full; near
Market. LANE & CO., SC5 Market^st^
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
Well-established restaurant In the best bue!-
noss election of ?sn Francisco, with five dwell-
lnjr rocm?: rent $2" monthly, water included:
larpe dally receipts; this is a gold mine; a
place like it selddhi finds its way on tiie mar-
ket ard shouid be seen to be appreciated; will
Ftand rigid invest Iraticn; parties (rotnc to
Cape Nome the only cause of Fale: almost
Eivlnj it away. M. A. CROOKS, 12 Golden
Gate ave.
AT A GREAT BARGAIN OX EASY TERMS.
M«.dfrn 5-rnom nnd lath cottase, with 3 lots;
carder*, fruit trees and chicken houses. M.
A. BROOKS, 32 Golden Gate ave.
A— 115.',"; RESTAURANT in country: best town
on the coast: poor hpa'.th: cle«red $5000 in 2
years. KREPO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
$~-:>0 — HOME bakery and restaurant; suited for
a t-ractical liakt-r with family: established
buslnes-s. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary et.
$Cr.O— RESTAURANT: north of Market St.; bar-
gain; pc.lnir to Cape Nome cause of sale.
McUPCHUM & CO.. 777>i Market st.
J7i0— SALOON, hear city; doparture cause of
rale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V^ Market.
I"r.C— BUTTER, eg? nnd provision route; horse,
wagon: bargain. Mclaughlin & Co., 777H Mkt.
A ~ — LIST^ WITATEA'ER A
YOU HAVE FOR HALE
WITH ME; I CAN SELL IT
FOR CASH. I)ECKER, 1CC0 Market st.
A— REST A U R A NT FOR SALT!: •
STOCKTON AND OTARRELL r-
Ccst $1503. price $Cf>P
DECKER. 3C2O Market st.
$:';oo— An afrreeaMe rnnn as partner wanted In
an old established wholesale and retail wine ;
and l!quor store: ehculd be acquainted in the
business; niu'st have cood references; German
I-referred. Box 31tt>. Call office^
BTOCK of hats and caps, cloth and trimmings
and fixtures will be snld June 8. at 2 P. in.
Inquire of II. L. SMITH. Secretary Board of
Trade. San Francisco. ¦
PARTNER for first-class restaurant In ccn-
nectitn with a large hotel; pome capital re-
quired. Address box -4257. Call office.
FOR rale cheap — Saloon and family resort. 712
Greenwich street, between Powell and Mason.
J4")0— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms; ,
account <-f sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents. |
J3:.<Xi— LARGEST family resort; M miles from j
S. F. ; vaudeville show every Saturday and
Sun/lay; including house and jranisn en leased
pround. 2 fine barrooms, bowling alley and
hotel; latest improvements. Particulars call
at Fell and Franklin sts.; crocery.
A RARE chance; 13,000 shares of treasury
stock at 30c pfr share; payable installments
of Pc per month. Cortez Gold Mining Com-
pany, 207 Sansotne st., rooms 1 and 2.
TO lease— The AA'altemiire Belmont Hotel prop-
erty. Address or apply to GEO. C. ROSS,
Bvlmont.
CIGAR stand in prominent location for ac-
count of creditors; apply at or.ee. II. POSE-
NER. of Posener & Levin. 10C Pine St.
$200— BAKERY, notions, candy store, with fur- ¦
nlture of 3 rooms, for sale. 225 Ninth st.
BAKERY to let: fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire 452 EiRhth St., upstairs.
tern — SALOON: 2 living rooms; rent 114; going
to Nome. C36 Third st.
3-CHAIR shop; paying- $30 per week; sell cheap.
Apply 1542 Market st. \
JITS— RESTAURANT; v.orth JIM; must be sold.
Inquire Call office.
FRUIT and candy store; very reasonable; situ-
ated near four theaters. Box 1754. Call.
KERN County oil lands; a chance to get an
interest in 11,000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and gtt in on the ground floor; these
lands* ore located In the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AXD KERN RIA r -
ER. Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. incorporated
under the laws of AVest Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-assessable: Invest'jration solicited.
D. II. -HOSTELLER. Agent.
Rocm 3C4, Parrott Building,* S. P.
FOR Sal" — Good raying; salocn. centrally lo-
cated. p.iylnK Jim a month: the cheapest
I'lace of business in the city: call and inves-
tigate; no agents need apply. S. M. HEY-
MAN, room 12. Grand Southern Hotel. Sev-
enth and Mission stR.. between 8 and If p. m.
SALOON doing good business; whole-sale dis-
trict: excellent opportunity. Apply at £01
Market st., corner KIrst.
EHOKPTORE for sal?; enough for 2 men; going
north. Address box 43SL Call off.ee.
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
in good locality; groat chance. 501 Market st.
To rent— For real yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 *tal!s: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSQN & CO.. 61* Call
building.
FOR sale cheap — Complete outfit for grocery
and barroom; Etore to let: rent cheap; lease;
ten corner in Mission. NE. cor. A'alley and
Drilorv:s sts.
NURSERY to lease: Ftock, greenhouse, dwell-
ing en place: tlong terms; low rent; income
first day. CC3 Fortieth' Rt., Oakland.
HOST centrally locp.ted corner saloon In city;
doing goM business; reasonable; reason for
celling, rclng to Caj<e Nome. Bex 4316. Call.
FOR hale— The Central Hotel In Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
FRUIT stand to let: 416 Fourth st. : low rent.
Apply to G. H. UMUSEN A CO.. 14 Mont'gy.
$1900— BUTCHER business; elegant fixtures;
fine trade. . Apply 2133 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
AV. CASWELL- & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertlFment* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A KR\NCH office for Call advertlsments and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 A'a-
lencla Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOH SALE.
HOTEL and bar; CS rooms JU.00
SI rooms on Market Ft.; only 900
25 rooms r.n Bush st. ; rent $15 9.j0
12 tooths on McAllister st 400
16 rooms: fine ccrner: clears $100 1000
l€-room house on Turk st 7">0
JO rooms on Jon^s st.; clears $S5 sr.0
10 moms on Mason Bt.: ?iaym*>ntF 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— 31 ROOMS, clears ?125. bargain $900
36 roomy, very line, profitable $2100
20 r.. clears $130, nice, ticarders, bon ton. $1000
34 r., highly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $575
J5 r., J4000. clear* $200. €7 r.. $4500. clears $2o0
*L2 r., J5O0; rent tZO: clean; clears $54 monthly.
141 other-houses: rnency to loan.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rra. 1, nr. Call big.
Z2 ROOMS, fine furniture .- $i;co
¦ 10 rooms, Ellis fit 350
6 rooms and saloon noo
C0-rocm hotel, must sell C0O0
Money to loan. C. I). DAVIS, r.63. 91G Market.
1S-ROOM loilsr'.ng-house; must be sold at once;
owner leaving city; fall and make offer.
B0HWK1WHABP & CO., 917 Market eL
tl£m— £1 ROOMS; nil rented : 'good location; nr
Market: cent.; rent low. EASILU, 3 Eddy Et!
2S UOOMF: central location; 5"'O month; a snap
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market ft.
CORNER house; 14 rooms; finely furnished; all
rented; lease; rent SSa. 219 Grant ave.; call
9 to 1 cr after C r». m.
CHKAI'ERT and b«st in America— The Weekly
Call. 1G paces, sent tr> any nddress In the
UnUM Ftntr's <r Canada ott» year for It. I
CARRIAGES AXI) AVACOXS.
AVAGON— Suitable for butcher or milk man
1330 Uroderick fct.; paint shop.
AN A No. 1 exurets wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at ZZ2 Mission 8 t. , ¦
ALL kinds cf wasonii.vbunriea. carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EAOAK & SON. ?U7 Mission »t.
NEAA' & 2d-hand wagons, bug-jte*. carts & har-
net», work & driving bcrees. 15th A Valencia.
SPIIUTUALXS3I. ... v;
RETURNED— C. Steers; circle to-day. 2 p. m.,
25c; readings. $1. 112% Oak Bt.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
• night. 606 McAllister St.. 10c; come skeptics.
AVYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis st., 10 a. m.to 0 p. m.. Sundays included.
GO to AVaison. the occult palmist: lucky and
true; 25c. 15S1 Market ft., near Twelfth.
MRS. AVEST — Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. :20€ Market St.. rooms -15-16.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a. m. to S p. m., Sundays included.
MRS.J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A- ——MRP. DR CLARK- -
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
rt., may be consulted on all afT^rs of life;
the will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles: restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MItS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk St.. n«-ar Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
tecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee lac and up; «atisfaction to everybody; cpen
Sundays. H67 Market et.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader; born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L., 50o;
• G.. |1; palm & clairvoyant Bit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
CARD reader and naJmist removed from 953
Mission et. to 126 Sixth, room 8.
CLAIRA'OYANT. card reader; best advice. 823
Mission st.. rear 4th. rra. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MISS MELA'ILLE. Great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. Ml'.i Mission, op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader: readings, 23c; no fM«rn.
LIME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmfs-
! try; truth or no pay; 2".c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MMR. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Elttinfts dnily . 212H Sixth Bt.
MMU. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
nfivice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
ilMtr. SYBILLE— Cr.idle to grave; future hus-
i hand's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING;
AVIIEN you become disgusted with poor work
H^nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 35C-257 Tehama Bt. ; teL S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister Ft.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beatlns and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Peatlng AA'orks. G. H.
_STEA"ENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleanln* Co.,
4"3 Stevenson st.. tel. South 2CS; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per vard; laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 941.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 594. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Beatinc AVorks. 3S3 Golden
Gnte ave.: telephone East 12S.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
le?s g\icoe?sful. Room S!0. -927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A 4-ROOM cottngre to let and furniture for sale:
large yard anil basement; price $110 and rent
$S; call between 8 and 12 a. m. Thursday. 8
Jury et.. near Twenty-fifth and A'alencia.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms. <15. Prcad place, oft Bush
Ft., bet. Hyde and Iy»rk1n.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bids:., you can
have your extractions dene painlessly; teeth
without plates our ppeclalty: gold crowns,
$3 10 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 n. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. AVILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE AV, LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crown?, $2; bridges, $i;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
priip*; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. JO; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in brldpe v/ork; fillings, gold. $1 up;
Filver, 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 963 Mission, cor.Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates • are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per 5Pt; extracting. GOc; gas given.
VAN A r ROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., cornpr Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1*41 Polk Et.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog poap creates a
smooth, eilky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital. 510 Golden, Gate ave.
DR. BOZAHD'8 Do«c Hospital. Post. Flllmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs hoarded. Tel. West 638.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. JIEMBERT. 530 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 A'an Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresses
made. So up; dresses made over; perfect flt.
ACCORDION pleatinp factory: nil kinds pleat-
lritr. plnkfnir. 121 Post. oVer O'Cnnnor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Paclflc Coafit Regular College of Medi-
cine, San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (incorporated under
ihe laws of California), will open its regular
ct;un=e June 15. All lectures will be delivered
In the eveninc.
Daily clinics, free for the poor, wfll be held
in the college building, from 9 a. m. to S:30
p. m.
For particulars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
H8 Howard Et.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post rt., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, lansuasres, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL studentifc but two taking full course this '
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES', th« leading business college,' 723 Mar-
ket Et. ; life scholarship. $50: Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
A BOY to' do office- work Bt Ayres Business
College, in exchange for tuition.
CA-LIFORNIA Business Cc'.lege. 303 Lnrkin Bt. :
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec." mining, mech. eur-
vey, as? sy, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1S64.
A'AN DER NA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. RARRETT. S02 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session'
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
GALLAOHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
PIANO ler«ans given by lndy, $3 month; use of
piano dally for practice. 216 Minna St.
rROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 421 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies^ and gentlemen. O. glnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping.- grammar, writing,
rtc: day or eve.: $'» mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~*
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kind help.
42t Post, near Powell; telephone Hush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi- '
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: teL BlackIO72. •
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce-
beat help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806*4 Stockton. -
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce— '
Hest help. 41U4 O'Fnrrell st.; tel. East 426. '
EMPLOYMENT AV.*\TED— IJ-EMALE. <
A FIRST-CLASS German cook, w7tirijest~of
references; a neat young girl as second girl or ¦
light housework; an infant's nurse, able to
take entire charge, beft of references, city or '
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT housekeeper wishes work by the ;
day, half-day, week or month; city refer-
ences; no postals. Address C02 Washington
Bt., corner of Sansome, room 64. , .
YOUNO colored woman would like a place as
second work ond Iaundres?*; J20 to $2j. Please
address box 4337, Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable Infant's nurse, city [
or country; best city references. Call'- S53
Folsom sL. near Third; telephone Black 3461.
WORKING housekeeper or seamstress wishes '
_p<>gltlon; country or city. 120 Sixth Et.
NEAT Protestant as nurse in American family; '
lived with New York families. 415 Third st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN wants a" position as working house-
keeper or lady's nUrse. Call 523 Howard st.
PAP.TIES wishing nurse by day or week can
find competent one by .applying at 403 Turk.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants position
as housekeeper In widower's family: no objec-
tion to country: not afraid of work. Box 17,
106 Eleventh st.. Call branch offlce: phone
Blue 1154. MRS. WAGNER.
COLORED young lady would like a position as
eecond girl, nurse children or light hous^-
work. Call or address H., 1711 Jones, upstairs.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist In offlce;
understands typewriting. Address bos 43S6,
Call offlce. ¦ •* ¦
COMPETENT woman; situation general house-
work; city, country. 322 Minna; np' postals.
YOUNG lady wishes care of children, not under
4 years; Oakland preferred. Call or write
l.uon Howard st. -.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker would like
engagements by the day; perfect fit guar-
anteed. Address 2116 Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd et.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 night; Jl 60 to »8
week; convenient and respectable: fre» bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlseroen:» and
subscriptions has been established at 1<*« Va-
lencla St. ¦
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife, first-class cooka, desire posi-
tions at summer resort or ranch or mine; un-
derstand all branches; references. URIBE,
127 Turk Bt. •
COACHMAN, Bingle, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work;
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS. S69 Mission st.
MAN and wife as flrst-closs Janitors In an of-
fice building; best of references. M. N., 120
Turk Et. «---A
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
heftier or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
COACHMAN and general man by steady, re-
liable Englishman; best of references. Ad-
dress 1104 Pan Pablo ave., -Oakland.
WANTED— For vacation, situation by student
to care for children or invaltd. or as compan-
ion. Address A. L., 336 S. i-lxth st, San Jose.
Cnl.
AA'ANTED— By a first-class engineer, a position
on harvesting outfit; best of reference. Box
43S3, Call offlce.
STRONG young man, 19. living with parents,
would like work In some wholesale house.
Box 43S2. Call office.
GOOD French cock, fully understands his busl- j
necs, f.rst-class references, wants position In
restaurant or any place. .211'^ Polk st.
PAINTER, whltener nnd paperhanger. handy
in doing carpenter work or repairing furni- j
ture. would like to work for estate, hotel or i
institution. Address F. H., box 4373. Call.
A NO. 1 teamster would like to ret 8 or 6-
horse team to drive; mountains preferred.
Box 43ii5. Call office.
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming in all its branches. Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN. Call offlce, Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmcre st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109( Va-
lencia rt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107IV4 Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properlyVad-
Justed. N. Manasse. ocullBt optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
BOND redemotlon. — To whom it may concern:
In accordance with law notice Is hereby given
by the Slate of Utah, sucefgaor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2. 1S0O. It will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
snd duly presented at the offlce of the State
Treasurer Jof the State of Utah." pay in full
principal tnd interest accrued to that date,
on the following described b^nds: The entire
issue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
are dated July first. 1S90, and payable twenty
years- from date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both Inclu-
sive. The amount of money in the hands of
th? undersigned State Treasurer available for
the puriKise of paying the principal is three
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the r.ccrued Interest to July second, 1W,
nnd any and all of paid bonds not bo pre-
sented for payment on the -second day of July.
1300. will cease to^lraw Interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge Euch bonds
whenever rres«ented.
All persons Interested in said bonds will
take due notice hereof and govern them-
selves accordingly.
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Tr?asur<r of the State of Utah.
Dated Juno first. 1900.
FLATS TO LET.'
A — S-ROu.M flat; corner: eunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417Va Third.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1042
nnd 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard; lso flat S
rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second st.
FIXE sunny fiat, 3 large rooms; bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
HAIGHT, 459. near Fillmore— Flat 4 runny
rooms, basement, laundry: $12.
IF ycu want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDAVIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms, recently painted and
papered ; on the north side of McAllister st. ;
No. 1902; rent $16.
NEAA r modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1631, 1935 O'Farrell.
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms; 413 Lily ave.;
rent £10. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1120 B Turk
st.. near Lamina.
VALLEJO, 910H— Upper flat. 6 rooms, bath;
laundry: garden: large cellar; complete. Key
at No. 908V4: rent *20 ;
WALLER. 312— Four modern rooms; bath, cel-
lar end yard.
$8— UPPER flat, 256 Harriet St.; $7, lower flat,
2J4H Harriet f?t., near Sixth and Harrison.
J12 — COTTAGE ot 5 rooms, rear; also 4-roorn
flat, bath. $1S. Apply 2524 California Bt.
$1C— 4 NIC?: rooms: bath and toilet; nice yard
and. cellar: water free. 1917 Geary St.-
$14—5 ROOMS nnd bath. 171S T^eavenworth st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GREAT BARGAInT~"
Furnishings of brand-new 6-room flat for sale:
Hyde and Putter sts. ; Brussels carpets, brass
bed?, mahogany and birdseye maple furniture;
rent of flat $40." Inquire II. J. MOORE, 1033
Market gt. ; '
FURMTl'ni-l KOU 'SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 ranee. Klncr Furniture Co.. H?7-li3rMark»t.
FCRMTUIIK WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773~ Mission St.". "pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
AV. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Ited 3CG3.
A WEEK'S news for G cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year..
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
AVANTED— Pastry cook • for institution. $35;
cook for ranch, short distance, $30; cook and
wife, 'restaurant, *S0; pastry cook • for rcs-
tnurant, $40; ironers, city and country laun-
dries, $3p; 2 cooks, private families, city, $25
nnd $30; girl for general 'housework, country,
$30; Protestant laundreps for Institution, $25;
Protestant cook. Institution, 122 DO; 2 cham-
bermuids. wait one m«*ai, private boardlriK-
house, city, $25; CO girls for Beocral /house-
work, City and country, $2i) and*125. Apply
to .1. F. CROSKTT & CO.. 316 Slitter St.
A NURSE!, country. $1 per day; one: willing to
do housework. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
K NURSE Elrl, one child, $15. MISS CULLEN,
225 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, institution across the bay, $30.
MJSS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, Palo Alto. J20; must
know how-to sew well.- MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutte* St. .
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work in
factory and to take work home; also presser
for underwear. BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansoine.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work and mind child; wages $8 to $10. 33
AVilllams st.,' between Geary; and .- O'Farrell.
WANTED— A reliable German girl for Keneral
housework. 1212 Masonic ave.. bet. Ilalght
and Waller sts.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and children; willing -to 'go to the
country- Call 1303 Page St.. near Lyon.
GIRL to assist In light' h'ousework In smajl
family. Call 3484 Twenty-second st. Thursday.
WANTED— Plain cook; wages $12 per month
and found. Dewey House. 32 East 8t-
HELP WASTED—FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.;. ...PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
Head waitress.- summer resort. $30; head wait,
ress, city. $25: 2 waitresses, same house, .city.
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try, ?M; 4 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7:
10 waitresses, resorts and hotels, country'. ?20;
2 chambermaids, city, $1S; woman cook, sum-
mer resort. $40; waitress, same* place. $20:
chambermaid to wait, same place. $20, eoe
party here. .
FAMILY ORDERS
AVorklng housekeeper, small family, city, $29,
see party here; nursegirl for springs; 3 ranch
cooks, $25; houseglrl, small family, Alameda,
$25. no children: 5 German girls. . city. $20.
$25; others. C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GIRL or middle-aged woman; must understand
plain cocking; family of 2; will pay carfare;
wages $15. h3l Shrader St.. near Haight.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 5C9 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— AA'oman with a child; working
housekpr in country. Box 51, Redwood City.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
S44 Halsht st. .
AA'ANTED — Finisher on pants; also apprentices.
106 Battery st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wage«
$20. Apply 1434 Taylor st. ¦
WANTED— A'est maker to take work home. 102
and 104 Eattery =t.
AVANTED— Experienced neckwear makers. and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 51S Market.
AA'ANTED— A good iror.er at 732 Golden Gate
avenue.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
838 O'Farrell St.
GIRL, German preferred, for housework; must
sleep home; call after 9 a. rn. 1053 Market St.
WANTED— A help In kitchen in restaurant.
113 Turk st.
AA'ANTED— Married couple to clean hallways
mornings for use of 2 unfur. rms. 342 Kearny.
A'ANTED— Olrl for general housework and
j cook; small family. IMS Ellis st.
WILLING, plrl to assist In general houftwork;
call after 9 a. 1 m. 316 Page st.
GOOD tailoress wanted. 2197 Powell st. Apply
early.
AA'AXTED— First-class tailoress on custom
pants. Box 43S3, Call office.
YOUNG girl; country; light second work. Call
offlce Hotel PIcasanton, Friday, 10 a. m.
TAILORESS. good pants finisher; best wages
j paid. D',4 Kearny St., room 16. top floor.
FANCY lroner: steady work. Occidental Hotel
Laundry.
AVANTED — Jf woman to visit small towns In
Central California for wholesale house. Box
4332. Call otQcc.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER on vests and finish-
ers on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
Ml Market st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. O1RLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 82^4 Fremont.
AVANTED— A first-class Unisher on pants.
229 Fifth st. £
GIRL for general houjework; 3 In family;
wages $12. 1431 O'Farrell st.
AVANTED— First-class skirt hands. 1514 Call-
fornla et.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hand on ladies' work; one
who can do operating preferred. 2302 Howard.
YOUNG girl to look after 3-year-old baby;
wages. $6. 117A Kartlett St. ¦
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and housework.
Apply 73C Union st. •
AVANTED— An experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton st.
AA'ANTED— Finisher on custom coats; also ex-
perienced apprentice. 304 Tehama st. ?
GIRL wanted to learn hairdresslng: also mani-
curing. 240 Stockton st.. near Post.
AVANTED— Dressmaker. JOE ROSENBERG.
11 O'Farrell st. '
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, who can wait for dinner,
first-class city hotel: $20 and found. See party
at 1S33 A r alencla st.. bet. 2 and 4 Sunday.
OPERATOR en vests; steady work. BELASCO
fc HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Et.
PURE walnut hair stain. $1. 124 AA'est Fourth
I st.. Los Angeles. Cal. ¦
AVANTI5D— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th »ts.
AVANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
130 Ellis St. [
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. S'-i Antonio St..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell Bt. off Jones.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received fit Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia Ft. t
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
....AA'ANTED FOR RAILROAD AA'ORK
For the S. P. R. R. Co free fare
hO men for track gang ....$2 a day
50 men for ballasting $2 a day
50 men for the rock gang $2 a day
Board $4 50 a week.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
1C0 teamsters $2 a day
100 rock laborers $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad free fare
00 four-horse teamster?, $2.25 a day.....
Los Angeles snd Santa Barbara divisions
FREE FARE FREE FARE
For the woods see boss here
4 spool tenders. $40 to $45.
20 woodsmen. J35 to $45 and found. .
50 laborers for road in the woods, $2C and
found
special rates of fare
20 miners $2 to $2 50 a dny
20 farmers $26 to $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Barber, country. '?50; 2 broilers, $53 to $00;
cook, country hotel. $43: 4 bakers, different
country shops. $40 to $43 and $50; 10 cooks,
city, $35, $-50, $45 and $50; third er>ok, springs,
$30; third cook, country/ hotel, $35; pantry-
man, springs, $25 and fare; dishwasher,
springs, $25; 20 dishwashers, potwashers and
kitchen hands. $20, $25 and $30; 6 waiters,
different country hotels. $25 and $30: waiter,
mine boarding-house, $25; 10 waiters, city.
$30, $35 and $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1C4
Geary st.
MILLWRIGHT, $4." and found: horseshoer. $2 50
a day; blacksmith, $2 50. $3 to $4 day; 2 Jack-
Fere wers, $40; 4 barkers. $35; 00 laborers for
mill nnd woods, $30. $33 nnd $40 and board;
20 farmers, $25 and $30; stableman, $25 nnd $48;
10 milkers, $30 and $35; sheep herder, $25 and
found, fare paid: machinist for country, $.1
clay: gardener and wife, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento s{.
BROILER, $.'0; cook nnd wife. $S0; restaurant
cooks, $40. $7. $8 and $!> week; second cooka,
hotel waiters, city and country, $25: dish-
washers, $20 and $25 and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY, 62S SacranSnto st.
WANTED
Engineer for mine. $2 50 day; elevator man.
city, $10; stnbleman. stock ranch, $30: woods-
man, San Mateo County. $30; blacksmith's
helper, ranch. $30; 2 orchard hands. $23- 10
farmers, steady, $25 and $30; 20 haymakers
$1 25 day; 4 milkers, near city, $32 50; carmen
for mine, *2 day, and 100 others. AV D
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A GARDENER, country. $20; a man to work
on. a ranch, l?en Lomond, J20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 223 Sutter St.
MAN nnd wife, ranch, $40, good place. MISS
CULLEN.' 325 Sutter st.
COOK and helper, mining. town. $G5. fare here
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 151
SOBER, reliable man cook on Sausallto ferry-,
boat: steady Job; wages $40. Apply to J. D.
NIELD at Sausallto ferry.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker \ to work Inside.
41U4 'Kearny st.
AA'ANTED— Flrst-cIaFS coatmaker to work by
the week. S35, Market st.
FIRST-CI-ASS blacksmith; also a helper. Ap-
• ply at 1322 San Bruno ave.
BOOKKEEPER: state age. salary expected,
references, former employer. Box 439S, Call.
COMPETENT, hustling organizers: best frater-
nity on earth: sal. F. F. Roose. Pres., Omaha.
ELDERLY man to do chores around a bakery.
1139 Folsom st.'
AVANTED— A'estmakers to take irork home.
102-104 Battery at. . •
WANTED — Underpresser on custom panta.* C41
Market st^ -
AA'ANTED— Boy for printing offlce; give age
nnd reference. Box 43S8, Call office.
GET your Rhoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
GOc. f>62 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 21 sts.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on customwork. 411V5
, Krarny st.. tc:> floor., - . ¦ ¦ -
OLD man to be useful • in family of 2. city.
Phelan building, room 42, 10 a. m.
OLD steady dishwasher. 8 Jackson Bt.
ERRAND boy., HANCOCK BROS., printers"
73 Third Et. "¦ . . ¦
WANTED — Dishwasher. Apply 123' Eddy- at.
. United States Hotel. *
AVANTED— A first-class barber; steady Job for
rleht man. 207". Montgomery avp
HELP WANTED MALE.
' A— COOPER, $3 day; woodworker. $2 50 day; 6
laborers, for mine company, fare SOc. $50 and
found: 12 single- hand miners, fare »2 60. *60
and found -.
Coal miners hard rock miners
..GROCERY CLERKS. BUTCHERS. ETC..
: Grocery clerk, »?e boss here. $30 and found.
• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
! A— MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 5543
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon. 5436 MEN
FREE FARE and offlce fee $J and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 1:30
p. m.. for the S. P. R. R.. laborers and~team-
sters, J2 day. FREE FARE
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header W3gon drivers. $2 day nnd found: 2S9
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men. etc.. %\ ?5. $1 50. }2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
...STABLES, A'INEYARDS, ORCHARDS...
• GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. J10, $33,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $33. $30. J26
and found: 3 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30, $23. $20 and found.
COME.' SEE
CHERRY FRUIT BERRY PICKERS
CO men and boys for different parts of the
country to pick all kinds of fruits and berries.
good wases. long Job
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
3$ milkers for different places. $3T». $30 and
found: 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here. $TS and found: 5 chewmakers, dif-
ferent Jobs. $25 and !40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOI'R FARES
TO 3T. SAWMILLS. ETC
XO EXPERIENCE AA'ANTED
C63 men for 60 different Jobs.. from laborers to
run machines, waees from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. $73. $90. J120, $50,
$:0. $40. $30 and found: f.34 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools Rrd food found, some at mines.
$3. $2 50. $2. $1 50. $1 and 73c cord; shingle
Jointer; shingle packer
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers. S2 GO day. $30.
$70, $«, $35 and found; also 5 helpers, 112 a
week, $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, car-
riage-makers. $3. S2 50 day. $40 and found. $00
and found; 2 boiierm.ikers, $3 60 day: car-
riage and wagon painter, $40 and found:
ranch carpenter; cooper to make butter kegs;
rough carpenter, city
..S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction nnd NEAV WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
AA'AGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIO AA'AGES
So laborers for mines, no experience "equired.
YOU'LL SUIT. $40 to $4S per month and
found: 29 miners, single-hand $?O and $73
CROAVDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
y FOR A NEAV MINE
• 12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $2i and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. $35,
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
3C3 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 CO, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
FREE FARE TO NEVADA STATE
CO laborers, no experience required, good,
wages, offlce fee $1
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
Teamsters 1 $2 a day
Rockmen .$2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Fre" Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
8 bakers, city and country shops... $40 and $.10
S5 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $33 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $33 and found
washer, country laundry. $30 and found; bar-
ber to run country shop
porters, elevator boys, etc.: 4 bakers' helpers.
$20, $35. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
2r« men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work In packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.: wages $26 per month and
found: steady Job year amund If j'011 are will-
ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits. $13 to $30 and found: 4 boys to work in
a factory. $3 to $5 a week. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A SPECIAL
VERY IMPORTANT
Cook for lumber camp, $G0 and found, see
I bos* here
Cook, $50; also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
cooks for ranches and hay press
Men for factories and foundries; polisher,
help starch, $35 and found, country laundry:
16 laborers for a mine. $C0; 12 muckers for a
mine. $C0. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 633
Clay st.
LOOK HERE.... ANY ....HANDY. ...MEN
Can fill this Job. 25 laborers, handy with
tools, to build flume, $30 to M0 and found: no
tools needed: company supplies tools. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-6S« Clay Bt.
WANTED— Walter at 1C0S A'alencla St., near
Twenty-first. ,
AT 3011 Mission— Experienced blacksmith's
helper: steady Job for right man.
WANTED— Good presser on uniforms. Apply
2S03 Greenwich st., bet. Lyons and Baker.
DISHAA'ASHER, sober, competent man. 443
Third st. . .
WOODWORKER wanted. 1634 Mission St.
STEADY waiter and vegetableman at 434 Fifth
street.
TAILOR wanted. 220 McAllister st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher at 1C6 Second et
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 1507 Market st.,
near Eleventh.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 113 East st.
YOUNG man to drive wagon who understands
a little about cutting meat. 1923 Hyde St.
FISHERMEN for Cape Nome at HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
/
WAITER wanted at 607 Clay st.
SMALL errand boy wanted. 354 Geary Bt.
WANTED— First-class machinists. UNION
' GAS ENGINE CO.. 244 First St., city.
S
TAVO good men familiar with sheetlron work
nnd lathe work wanted nt once. AVALTZ
SAFE CO.. 105-111 Market St.
COOKS for ranch, man and wife, first-class
cooks; also 2 young men. 1 as steward, the
other as waiter: references. NRIBE, 127 Turk.
WANTED- Man to be generally useful around
kitchen. Hotel Repelier, 7S1 Sutter »t.
WANTED— Four good cabinet makers; union
wase« paid. Apply 116 Mission st.
SMART man to solicit: steady work; good
wages. 016 Market St.. room 42. 9 to 12.
WANTED- Experienced crockery packer; give
reference. Box 437S. Call office.
AVANTED— Retail clcrft familiar with grocery
buslnoKH; give age and reference. Box 4377
Call office. *
AA'ANTEIV- Two first-class salesmen; none need
apply without experience and reference; good
position to right people. Box 4375, Call.
AA'ANTED— Strong young man as selector In
• wholesale ercckery house: If worthy can ad-
vance himself. Box 4374. Call offlce.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale; established
20 years. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
BARBERS — A good shop for sale at a bargain
Apply Pll Ijirkln «t.
OCULIST or graduate optician; elderly person
preferred; $30 per wk. Address box 1771. Call.
GARDENER to cut roses and flowers; eooU
chance for married man. 1211 Polk st.
A 2-CIIAIR 15c barbor shop; north of Market
Bt- : TT fo ™ fQ. Ie . r at a « acrlfl ce; rent $5. Inquire
at II. BANARDS. 104 Seventh st.
AVANTED-Elderly man to pick fruit and clean
up bakery. Ill Larkin st.
WANTED— Strong steady boy who wants to
learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkin «t.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. 819 'Market st.. room 47.
BARBERS— Good-paying shop in nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAX PROS.. 106 Ellis.
M £ X ~ to Iearn barberlng and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. -741A Howar 1 st.
WANTED— A" good lively solicitor; big money.
GENTLEMEN* S suits to order. *1 per week, at
cash prices. N". Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
ALL, sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mlsglon st.. bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Mar-
ket; 7C0 rooms, 23c night; reading room: free
bus and baggagft to and from the ferry. -
%
HELP WASTED MALE.
{ WANTED— Recruits fcr the United States
I Marine Corps. U. S. naTy; able-bodied, un-
) married men. of good character, between ?»»
ape* of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
> 4 inches and not over S faet 1 Inch in h-Jsht;
must be citizens of tfca United States or per-
sons who have lesraliy declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to reaJ. writs
and speak English properly. For further In-
I formation apply at th» Marine Recruiting
• . Office. 40 Kills St.. San Francisco. CaL. or
530 K »t.. Sacramento, Cal.
I MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special inducements this season: only
Institution in the world teaching this trade;
i nap of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6X>
Clay st. >
, WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that EJ Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, still
! runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 130 larsa
rooms; 25c per night: Jl to II per week.
PENSIONS— OEO. D. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: 18
¦ years' practice; Examiner bldsr.
LlNDELL House, corner SLxth and Howard—
i Rooms 15c to 2?>c. per nisrht: 73c to t2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmcra st.
; A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 105* Va-
¦ lencla st.
, HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
, THE s'.xth tot of 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from $20 up; 6 blacks. J
browns and 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
ft.: Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bufrs'.es.
! S2- rt o' narn<<ss - Orand Arcade Horse Market.
cAt J ,\. '" t ' : a ' 1( ' t l f >n sales every AVednesday.
ELLLIAAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer.
i HORSES— Youns. well-broken, for all purposes.
1 cheap; best In .city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
F °K T raI CT 2 'xtra fine carrlas* teams. DAL-
, ZIEL. A»t. Dentist. Mr, c.oM«n Gate ave.
HOISES TO LET.
A-PRINTED list- houses to let; send for clr-
CTilar. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. 720— Four large sunny rooms, or 3;
1 hath, gas, yard, ganlen anrl laundry.
IIOCSES TO LET — FUIIS1SHED.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 1!>-
room house, completely furnished.
HOISES AVA.ATED.
3 ADULTS wish house for care of same durlnc
summer; references. Box 4."S3. Call offlce.
LOST AXD FOISD.
LOST — Tuesday afternoon, a woven gold brace-
let with woven bow, between Stockton and,
Geary sts.. entrance of Turk or in Park. Re-
turn 610 Mason Bt.: reward.
LOST— Small red purse. 3 diamond rings. 1 sil-
ver ring and $15 In gold. Finder please re-
turn rlnffs to 3u Fell st. and keep money.
LOST — 3-stone diamond ring. Hoffman Houso
Cafe washroom; very liberal reward on com-
, munlcation. Box 4309. Call office.
LOST — Small moonstone and pearl brooch,
shamrock pattern; finder liberally rewarded.
NEAA'MAN. room 10. International Hotel.
LOST — June 1, Fitch fur cape, going from 51*
Shotwell st. to Twenty-second and Howard.
Return to 514 Shotwell st. ; reward.
LOST— Pocket memorandum book containing
milk accts. Return 9 Otega ave. : lib. reward.
NOTEBOOK lost, containing the name of B.
E. WILHITE In each note It contains. Finder
leave at 1045 Market St.. Yosemite House,
and receive reward.
MEDICAL.
V>R. gT^AvT^DONNELL. thT : w^HdM : enowned
ladies' specialist ; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands cf
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. AVrlte cr call at
1023Vi Market st.
! MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
offlce. $5; any ailment; consultation free; ccn-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyile ami Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guaran-
teetl treatment at office. $5; consultation fre«
and confidential. 1122 Market 5t.. bet. Mason
1 and Taylor: office hours S to 5, Sundays 10-4.
DRS. GOODAA'IN. well-krown lariies" specialist,
returned from Europe: safe and reliable: cure
$3: have treated thousands of caws with suc-
cess; maternity home; low fees. 1OT-. Market.
DR and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; laM
scientific methods; treatment. $T>.
Dr. James Pierce, 265 O'FHr^ell. rooms 2 and 3—
Female specialist: home or offlce treatment 43.
T. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladies' specialist*.
HIS Market si.; every case guaranteed: $". up.
NICB reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DU. PFEIFFEIi.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homo
In confinement. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
M1SCELLA.\EOCS FOR SALE.
BOILEliS, engines, 2d-hand machinery, ilc-
INTOi5H & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
rl'.tures; new and second hand; we always
have a large *tock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 •somDlete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 101D. 1021, 1022 Mission «t.. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
THE UNIA'ERSAL
PRISMATIC
SKYLIGHT
REFLECT0R3.
A new and excellent device for throwing day-
light Into dark rooms through windows; the
beat In the market. W. HOLT, sole agent,
room 8, Flood building; telephone Davis 711.
FOR SALE— Fresh cow. 4 years old; milks 8
gallons per day; also good horse, 6 years old.
Apply JOHN M. NAUNCH. Lincoln ave..
FruKvale Heights. Alameda County.
A— BUY3. sells cr rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear tt.
LARGE safe and store fixtures suitable for
Jeweler or pawnbroker: bargain: prominent
street. Apply 94S Howard st., trunk store.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
S3! Market St.. San Francisco. ,
A— 53 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75-. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. J30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. IS) Beaie.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; ase 2
months. 823 Howard st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof eafe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump: S-tn.
steam. 6-ln. water. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery gt.
FULL line cameras and photo supp'les: selling
cheap. AV. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bIJg.
WE rent full-dre^s and Tuxedo suits for $2 ZX
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
M\GIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CASH registers of every description for sahs
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 1-Oth.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; J^ t " t ..J"° d f j :
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
vrw an .i gpcond-hand slot machines bought
and sold! V?C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TOV Fairbanks scale and flre and burs-
la r proof safe. 216 California st.
S-VFES-New an d second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
s »Fr"-N>w and second hand: all sixes. THE
"'WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-111 Market et.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
ilr compressor: 5 locomotives. 2^) Fremont.
MISCEiLLAXEOtS WAXT9.
WANTED— A bitch in milk, having whelped
Vince May 23: will payf$3 for one month'3
Ipate. Apply J. M. IIALTON. Pasha Kennels.
Colma.
OLD machines taken in exchange for new.
Address box 313S. Call office.
SECOND-HAND, lar^<» siz<» billiard or pool
i table. Address box 1733, Call offlce.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a few nlco
diamonds. Box 43ir». Call.
~~ MOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second niort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt denting: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE.
LOAN CO.. room C03. Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3J mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; morteagea and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing- business else-
wnere. R. McCOLQAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first"
second mort?a?res, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legncirs, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; advice free. IIALLORA:n & OL- ¦
SEX. room 16. first floor. Chronicle building.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd nortfajes, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 MontgomeryOAKLAND, June 6.— The League Club,
composed of members of Company F,
League of the Cross Cadets, gave an en
tertainment and ball this evening at the
"West Oakland Auditorium. The hall was
crowded and the protrramme of music and
specialties was greatly enjoyed. A short
address was made by John F. Mullen, who
directed the entertainment. Rev. Father
J. B. McNally was present to lend encour
agement to the cadets." The floor was
cleared for dancing after the programme,
which was as follows, had be'en rendered:
Coon sons, Gertrude Marries; specialties,
Gladys O'Brien; vocal solo, Lewis Lobe; cake
walk. Miss Mae Dapr.an and Arthur Hickman;
ep^claltles. T. . Klljrallon; overture, orchestra;
remarks, chairman: Delsarte. Miss Edna Pen
dleton: vocal solo. Mat Le Strange.
ENTERTAINMENT AND
BALL BY LEAGUE CLUB
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of Pan Francisco to John L.
Bradbury, lot on S line of Pacific street, 175:8
VV of Van Ness avenue. W 35:2 by S 122:6; $—— .
Jeremiah Moloney to Annie Moloney, lot on
RE comer of Grove and Buchanan streets. E
Sl:3 by S 72: also lot on NE line of Francis
street. 5.X) X W of Telegraph road. XW 50 by
NE 100 lot 87. Academy Tract: also lot on N*E
line of 'Sixth street, 50 SE of Mlana. S 23 by E
70- also lot on NE line of Eddy street. 111:5 W
of Leavenworth. W *6 by N 137:6; gift.
Annie Moloney to Jeremiah Moloney, undi
vided half of ?am# (4 pieces): irlft.
Lewis and Hannah Gerstle to "William Keenly
let on S line of Vallejj street, 137 .« e of Stelner'
E 27:6 by S 137:6: $100.
William, and Marparetha J. Koenig to Clara
P. Morton (wife of Henry D.), same;.»10a
Samuel Heltshu to M. If. Mohrdlck. lot on S
line of Hayes street, 60 W of Stelner, "W 50 by
S i2:t; $3.
Martin H. and Katie F. Mohrdlck to Rachel
Morris, lot on S line of Hayes street. 60 W of
Stelner. W 25 by S 82:6; also survey attached
to deed showing above and lot adjoining on
W: $10. ' -
Bessie and James D. Galloway to Elizabeth
G. Baldwin, lot on N line of Filbert street.
247:6 B of Devisadero. E 27:6 by N 193; H».
Elizabeth G. -Baldwin to Bessie Galloway i
(wife of James D.). lot on N line of Filbert
eti«?t. 137:6 E of Devlsadero. E 27:6 by V
1SS:3H: *10.
Hartland and Ada Law to L. H. Sly, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 105:2 W of Broderick.
N 1Z!:6 by W 100; $10.
OAKLAND, June 6.— The Oakland Club
has received the following subscriptions
to its vacation school fund: Mrs. Charles
Judson, $5; George Hansen. $3 50; Ladies*
Aid Society First Baptist Church, $5; Sun
day school First Congregational Church,
$10; Ladies' Aid Society First Congrega
tional Church. *5; Ladies* Aid Society
Trinity Church, $5; Ladies' Aid Society
First Methodist Church, $6; "Women's Al
liance First Unitarian Church. $10; J. L.
Barker. $5; J. B. Hume, $2 50: R. W. Kln
ney $2 SO; Mrs. Francis Cutting. $2 73; R.
Wi Snow. J5: Guild of St. John's Church.
$2; "\V. 7*. Reed, $7 50; Mrs. von Helms, $5;
Plumbers' Union, $5. „" /
Mi«s McClees has been elected superin
tendent, with Miss McChesney, Miss Carl
ton and Miss Hilton as assistants, for the
Garfleld School." and Miss Wheaton. Mls3
Mincher and Miss Flint for the Tompkins
School. ' The principal features of the
school will be Instruction in housework,
kindergarten, sloyd. cooking and sewing,
with ample entertainment in the shape of
games. The club will give excursions for
the children during the summer. It em
phasizes the fact that the larger the do
nations the wider will be the scope of this
philanthropic movement.
DONATIONS TO THE
OAKLAND CLUB'S SCHOOL
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Misses Spencer. Berkly
J KuIItrmn. Benicla
n E Wallace, Belvedere
F J Brandon. Sn Jose
G Stoffies. Sta Cruz
C S Woods. Oakland
O Edwards San Jose
Miss II Dennis. Ohio
L R Prince. Boston
F M Graham & w, Cal
W. R Eckert & w. Cal
J C Hills. Sta Barbara
A Rlngier. Chicago
E Carney, Pta Barbara
E J Ray, Sta Barbara
J W GrerK. Red Bluff
L G Smith, Salinas
E T Thayer, Stanford
Mrs W Hancock. Butte
Mrs Mercer. Salinas
Miss Bawson. Salinas j
Dr J E Shafter. Sallns
G D Fiske. Woodland
J G Ferguson, Ne»m<in
\V K Serjeant. Modesto
Miss S Drais, Stockton
3 W Glbbs & w, Stcktn
Mrs H T Compton, Cal
T Hlndmarsh. B C
J A Mercer. B C
O B Sterling & w. .Or
IV P Fmlth & w.Oakwd
J Rice & w, Visalia
R H Myers & w, Cal
Mrs M P Goodell. Cal
M Corsen & w Cal
G Stafner Jr. Sta. Cruz
A S Coorer. Oakland
C O WiSKlns, Phila
G E Kennedy, Cal
M J GrammonK Chiceo
L J Beckett, At Grande
W D Campbell. L« Ang
A C Hartly, Antioch
D M Henderson, Sacto
Dr C A Ruggles, Stckn
H I Seymour & w, Sac
J P Jarman, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL
O P Jenkins, Stanford
H Robinson, N Y
L W Pirkulich. S Jose
Mrs Bluman, son. Or
F J C Hare. N V
F A Merriam. USA
J S Brady. Omaha
B J Trlest, N T
A C Burns, Pa
Mrs Burns, Pa
A Pursel. N Y
H Rlckard. B C
J G Upton. London
D S Rosenbaum, Cal
Mrs Rcsenbaum. Cal
H 3 Sohns. N Y
J W Tourney, Wash
T E Gibbons, Los Ang
C A Burcham, Cal
C L Fisher. Los Ang
Dr R V.' Hill. Los Ang
Dr T Flint. San Juan
J B Trice, Pa
Mrs Price. Pa
Mrs F Josef. K T
Miss A Glbbs. N Y
F W Williams. N Y
R Phelps, Seattle
B W Mayer. N Y
T G Thorp. Illinois
Mrs Thorp. Illinois
J Schwarz. X Y
A J Reach, Pa
Mrs Reach. Pa
Miss B A Reach. Pa
W Leopold, Chicago
d F Basford, Vallejo
Mrs Basford. Vallejo
J W Kiley, Boston
C M Hunter, S Rafael
Mrs Hunter, S Rafael
G E Goodman Jr. Cal
"W I-rterbach. X Y
E Oi^srK. N Y
S V Nave, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Johnson. Cloverdale
1 XV Ellsworth. Sn Joae
E HoBan. Gilroy
G Wale, Gilroy
J Hoean & w. Sacto
W Jones, Sacto
Ft J Jacobsen & vr. Cal
P J Jackson. Bakersfld
R S Johnson. Merced
H C Carter. Columbia
O Norton, Blue Lake
VZ N'orton, Blue Lake
A E Ice. Kansas
F A Allen. Missouri
Mrs W Farrell. Seattle
Z E Buckner. Sta Rosa
S B Kennedy. La Anz
H T Burns. Los Gatos
S H Pritchard. L» Ang
J A Bowles, Redlands
OAKLAND, June 6.— The shipments of
freight by way of Long wharf have in
creased until thirty carloads of sugar
alone are being handled from that point.
The Increased shipments have necessi
tated the employment of fifty extra men,
switch tenders and other train hands.
Among the sugar ships that docked re
cently at the wharf are the Irmgard, Amy
Turner. Alden Besse. H. C. Wright and
Roderick Dhu. The Irmgard Is taking a
cargo of sewer pipe and lumber for Hono
lulu. The bark Albert is loading machin
erv for the islands.
Large quantities of sewer pipe are be
ing snipped to the Islands. There are
forty carloads at the yards awaiting ship-
The* new ten-hour time schedule at the
machine shops will go into effect next
Friday. The hours of work are always
longer in the summer than in winter on
account of the greater amount of work
and the longer days. r^'*
The railroad company is making prep
arations to handle the heavy rush of busi
ness that occurs annually during the
summer and fall months. Nearly all the
available engines and - cars are being
placed in repair and considerable new
rolling stock has b«en acquired. The pas
senger coaches are also being renewed and
repaired under the direction of Master Car
Rtpairer Henry Englebright.
HEAVY SHIPMENTS FROM
THE OLD LONG WHARF
MAKILA, June 6.— A dispatch from Can
don, dated June 4, says Major P. C.
March's men of the Thirty-third Regi
ment returned to Candon to-day by
steamer from Aparri. A majority of them
were ready for the hospital. They are
thin and weak, having traveled 250 miles
in the mountains, during which they suf
fered greatly from hunger. Of the ftfty
horses" which started with the battalion
thirteen survived. The remainder died on
the march or ,1 ell into the canyons. The
battalion, practically collapsed at Pial,
thirty miles from Tuguegarao, as the re
sult of fevers and exhaustion. Eighty
seven of the men were conveyed from Pial
to Tuffuegarao in bull carts, and those
falling on the way were carried in litters
by the Igorottis with the column.
The omcers accompanying Major March
were Captains Henry L. Jenkinson and
Edward Davis, Lieutenants Carroll Power
and Frank L. Case and Dr. John O.
Greenwall, assistant surgeon. They say
it is all guesswork as to whether Agui
naldo was shot. Before the Americans
struck Sagat the insurgent chief divided
his forces into parties of ten, following
different trails. The ojflcer shot was per
haps Aguinaldo's secretary or adjutant.
The report among the natives of the re
gion is that Agjilnaldo was wounded in
the shoulder.
The captured papers show that nearly
all the presidents installed by the Ameri
cans in General Young's territory are
treacherous and have been making regu
lar reports to Aguinaldo as to the disposi
tion and movements of American troops,
and that they have been collecting and
forwarding taxes. The papers also prove
the disloyalty of the native telegraph op
erators whom the Americans retained on
the Cayaguan Valley line. When Tirona
surrendered the Filipino forces in that
section these operators professed loyalty
and took the oath of allegiance. But it is
now shown that they had been sending
Aguinaldo copies of important telegrams
exchanged between the American officials.
Letters were also found relating to large
contributions forwarded to Aguinaldo
from Spanish and other foreign business
men.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The President
to-day sent to the Senate the reply to the
statements made by Aguinaldo In his
"true version of the Philippine revolu
tion." In th&t statement Aguinaldo says
among other things that the Spaniards
had captured six guns from the American
soldiers in front of Manila before the sur
render of that city to the American forces
and that they were recaptured by the Fil
ipinos and returned to the Americans.
This statement was referred to in the
Senate, which the correspondence fur
nished to-day shows caused Secretary
Root to refer it to General F. V. Greene,
who was in charge of the American
troops, with the request for an explana
tion. General Greene referred Aguinaldo's
statement to the battalion and batrery
commanders who were engaged against
the Spaniards at the time referred to nna
he forwarded their replies in refutation
of the charge.
General Greene himself says: "The
statements made by Aguinaldo are abso
lutely without foundation: each and every
one of them is untrue. The United States
did not fall bacR; did not abandon a single
ritte nor a single field gun; did not make
a precipitate retreat; the Filipinos did not
rush to our assistance; did not recapture
the rifles and field guns, and did not re
turn them to the Americans. The Filipinos
took no part in the engagements between
the Spaniards and American troops. Every
single statement in the extract quoted In
your letter is false."
Story of the Killing of Aguinaldo
Unconfirmed, but It Is Believed
He Was Wounded in the
Shoulder.
SUFFERINGS OF
THE MEN UNDER
MAJOR MARCH
Soldiers Stricken by Disease
and Hunger Fell by
the Wayside.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAr. JUNE 7, 1UOO.
itATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 7— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 6— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool. -
ilOVIULE— Arrived June 6— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New .York, for Glasgow - .
CHERBOURG— Sailed : June ft— Kalserln Ma
ria Theresa, from Bremen; for New York-'-
NEW TORK— Arrived June ¦, 6— Stmr Latin,
from Bremen, for Southampton and Cherbourg-.
11
BAIIBOAjD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SOENIO RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry: .
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS... .8. 9.10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. S^O p. m.
Far© San Franclxcoto Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALTAIS NOW OPEN. ,
:a**£ i s*££rsn£5~?'s-3ftA^na£t6*c]4R&!t. " - ij. ¦-:{* .„-
••CMS 3.1 pacific coariiT.
(Ficirio sriftsx.)
Trnlnm Katt nntl are da* im mrrlw m*
wax riu.iciscu.
plain Lice. Foos cf Market 3:iset )
Uati . — rxou Mat 13. 13C1 — A**xn
•7:«»i Benida, Suiaun. Elm!l«. VaemTtOo^
i'.jccj-j ml *?:I3*
•7:OOa Shut* ExprfSi— DmrU. WiUiaoa (for
Barttett ScrisfiX WUlowa, hel
BluS. PorUand... *7tt9r
¦7:39a Uarttuex. r.u Uaaioc.ViI;eJo. Ni;»,
CslUtogft sod 3*nl» Euu *4il3r
•S:0O * OaTis. \?oodl&ad. Ksijhu I^adinx.
- Mu-jtriUa. OroTCi«_ «7:I3?
•HiOttt AUmcIj Express- Ogleo asd £*jt '11:13*
•Si3o* s«n Jcj*. livermcre, a:oc«!.;n,
Ioa«, Sieramento, Plfteerrill*,
Mantt aio. Chlco, K*d niall MilSl
•S:S»A Oskdale. Chlaeas (lor TusemitaX
Bcioorv C&rten.....' *4>13r
•9:00* H»jw»rJs. M>s aad Wsj Stations. *1 1:13*
•0:00a Lna Acziles £xpre*> — U%rUnas.
Tncj. Lxcrop, owcxSon. Merced
»r.d t r»»uo # O:I3»
*9:3Oa Vn.i-j ,. Uartlaax «a 1 W»f Statlont 'Siltr
• I«:OO» The Orerlmnd United— Ogdao. Den-
ver, Om&ba. Chie»«9 *3il3r
•HiO«i KUa, Llrermora, SuwktoB, 8«cr».
mentn. iltndcu. iltufcr J. VU&Ua.
PanerflU* Millr
•I9:OOm Uujnxz it. M>« »ad Way SUUoaa. '2: 1.1 p
? l:OVp Kuita«a:a l:ite» d<»%mei« t3:0»»»
•3:O«)r H4jw«li, 5:i:i 10J W.j SUtloni. *>:43r
•4:««r Marline*. rta.u Itamou, Vailojo.
JV»l>». L'aiiotofS, Sar.ta I*3M •»:!!»
MiOtpB«nieta. Viz'.en, Sacrautoio,
Woodland. Xn^hU lAadlls.
M i»r»fi:>. Oto<11I« •K»:«l»
•4iS«pNIle*.Ssa JoieandStockUm *?ilS»
•S:OOfTbe Owl Umilrd— Tracy. Trarao,
BakenSeM. H*ag-;a fbr i»a:i l!«-
Vtr*. I.oi Anceies ••:13i
•3:00r Tnsno Pisjengir— Mortises. Li:h-
ros, Stoefctoo. Urrce<t. Beresd*
(KAjmosd for YoaeniiK). Froaiux. *!SilSr
•3:3Or New Jrteao* Eznnaa— Haxentlald.
Santa B*rb»r». I.ca Anirln. Dem-
Inf. SI Faao, Sew Orleans sod
But •fi«3*
•SiStr SanU tm Uont»-At!»alle Kxprsw
for Moj*»e ami Kast *0:(3r
•«:n»f H»jw»rUa. Hilta and .-ku> Josi...... *7>l»a
»t»:Oi»r Vailejo ..*>*<!¦ V
'«i««rUr>n-.M Mill— Ogdao, Caercaa*.
Oaahs. ChicNP — *llrt3«
•«:00r Oriental Mall— Oriia. Deartt.
Osauk, ChiOMto. NiiI3r
:7s OO f TalleK Port CaaU and War Sta>
Uooa. _-; J«>33r
•S:«Sr Oteion and Cftll'omia Cirrau ,Hao-
nmniln, Moo^ii!*. lte<Mlni.
r.trt:»i..l. P.i«>t »>mt.I ami tut* *«tl»4
COAST ftlVlsioi (.f 3 rroi« tiia«e).
(Footrf M»ricg« Street.)
17»43* Saata Cra» Excrrrlon for ft»nt»
Crru and Pnocip*! W%y Stations ;^:«S»
*SsI3a N«wuk.t>titeiti::;.aaa Ju»e,r»ltoij,
BoulderCrfek.SauUCrniaod Yttf
fetaUons *«:a»r
|»sl 3p Nevuk. Cei,>it!!:-. Sao Jos«l New
Almadan. reiton. I/enlder C»-<*.
Sauta Cm and Vrtadpal Way
rt :m.:lnr,% f IO:-lu»
•l:ISf Nsntk, S»o Jose, LosGatot *8:3««
qtiiSf Glenwooil. Feiton. 8aat» Craa «.<:a«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
hut SIS nUBQStS— TMI »t Sirktl SWttt (Sli» t>—
•T:15 900 ll:00».«. ll:W *2:W 13:30
•|:C3 !5::3 'JllfJ.
friaCUUn- rul»'2rjsl».f— '«.M 8:00 10:00*.*.
m:33 'res t:.:3 ; 3::3 ti-.n •$.:>.*.
COAST IHTISION ( Braail tianst).
(Third »»d Toitnwml Sta.)
tiilfl.* Oc**:i Vie-*, rf.vith fi»n Francisco.. t«!»«»
t~:0O» Sail .''S-i aotl Vimj SUttuu* (!.'««
\!-ii.ii»i- v;.' \ : »;.Utj Biiij) *l:Str
17:30a Sunday Excursion for Saa Joan,
Har.ta Cruz. }>*ciflc Cfo»e aad
Frlncipai Way Station* l%:%3r
•».»O» Han Jo*4. 1 .-.» rtoo*. .HaiiU Cnn,
Pae:Se llrita. l'*v. K< •!¦-«. Haa
].u-» o:,:i, ... b'srf. LoicpW and
r«l..o:.*; Way SUlioim •!:!•*
•!•:«•« 8an Jim* «•..! Way a:»tlni.«. *«:ZA«
•II:3O» i ,,.;^.^C> > .3«v l .!iv,,\u-i 1 .i,i *3:3«r
t»i«rSi;i M»-.-... lt-l»oo!. M-i.Io rark.
Palo Alto, StaUCUn, &w Joaa.
Trcs Pinci. KauU Crif, Salisaj,
MoattieT ami Pacifle Grot« |!»:3fa
f3:3Or Saa -Io*»»uJ Way Sultans *7:3<»p
t-I:l»r San Jo»«»..4 Principal Way Stations •9:43*
15:O«f i»i Jow. Los Gatoa aad rriuci;*'.
Way Statioaa «!»:O»»
•3:30pSa&Jos4ani Principal WajSUtloca t^:^5*
•S:3op Saa Jctean.l War Stations H:ui«,
• ll:43r Saa Jo*> »!>¦.! Wty Su:inn* *?:3f>p
A tor Morstng P for A fternonn
*D»Uy. T -¦»>•' ¦'*» oiT-pted. : sund>i ao'jr
h Satnrdsy ooly.
• SatrmUr v\A »•.— n» < s, ITI ,t, f ln ,i Mondty
RORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
,N Corunece1=» April n. 13C0t
FBOM SAN' FRAXaSCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •3:20. »:3O. U:C0 a. m.1
12:45. -UC, 2:13. 4:13. -S:^ C:15. <:40 pl m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley *3« Saa
Rafael, ca Mondays. Wednesdays. SaturOajs
ar.d Sundays, kt s:CO and 11 :r, p. tx
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. •8:C0. •):€<). «10:CO. 11 CO. 11 •»
a. m.; 12:*3. '1:30. 2:20. «S:«. 5.00. 8:00. lia>
p. m.
11:00 a- m. does not ran to Saa Hafa«l Sia-
Caj%.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentta.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT&— 5:23. »«:10. 7:50. 8:tO. 13-li a.
m.: i::3O. 1:13. 2:15. *3:30. 4:20. ZM p. m.
EXTRA TKIVS on Mondays. W*daes£aya
asd Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:23 p. m
SCNDATS-«:15. »S:CO. »3:50. •ll:«0a. nj-- •:2»
m.: J:CO. 2:15. 1:30, 4:30. '5:43, «:45. »^0. I3.3J
p. ra.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:3. C:45. 8:CO. 8:53. 10^» a.
m.: 1!:35. 1:45. !:45. 3:30. 4:». »:» p. o.
EXTRA on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:13 aad 10:It> p. m.
SCNDAT3-«:23. »:«. 10.-05. U:19 a. m.} 13:11
1-^0. 2:30. »:43. 4:23. »:13. 7^S, 10:3ft p. m.
THROCGH TRAINS.
IXO'tu m. week days— Caiaaero and vay at*.
tlcni. '
2:14 p. m. Saturdays— CazaJero and way ia.
tloss
6:15 p. m. weekdays <Saturt»ys exeeptedV-
Point R«7<rs and way stations.
1:09 a. m. Sundays— Caiadero and wax sta-
tions.
12: i5 p. m. Snndays— Pclnt Reyes and wajr
stations.
Weekly Call.$l.ob per Year
1 1 1 1— iiniii fa—rssa 1 1 aaa aaaraf— nlfla—Ta—anr 1
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LSS33B
!SAN FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCI3CO TO BAN RA?AET>
i 'WEEK DAY&-7:30. 9:C0. 11:00 a. ra. : 11:35,
l:!0. 5:10, 8:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 o. in. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at 1:W
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— «:C4. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.1 VM. t:M,
8:00. 6:20 d. en.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
! WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:E0, »:20. 11:19 a. O.; U:O.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
¦ 1:;5 and C:25 o. m.
SUNDAYS— S:l0. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.1 1:40. S:«l
5:0$. S::S V- m.
Between San Francisco and Ecfcuetaen Park
! tame schedule a* above.
Leavs I In Effect. I ArrlT*
j Pan Frar.cUeo. [Apr. 15. US0.| Ean Francfoa.
' Week J Sun-- I I- Sun- I 'Weele
i Days. I days, f Destination.] days- I Day*.
I 7:33 am «:W »ra| Kor&to, WM0 ami 8:O ta»
1:30 pa 9:31am, Petaloma. S:C5 pm 19:25 a&t
I 6:13 pm 6:C0 pm; Santa Rosa. 7:15 pmj t:K pea
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10 JS aa
: Healdsburj.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
|:S0 pra I:CO am Cloverdale. 7:38 pin 1:10 pia
7:33 toj j Hopland I 110:25 am
| 3:19 pm! 8:00 amf and Uitlah. } 7:33 pa! «:?> pc»
j .': >ani J1V25 am
; 8:00 km Gaerneville. 7:35 pnal
»:30gm, 1 1:20 pa
7 :*« ami 8:00 am! Sonoma. J:13 »n| 8:40 ia
I I and
5:13 pra' 5:C0 pa; Glen Ellea. 8:05 pa; 8:t3 pia
7:30 am! 8:00 ami 119:0 ans!iO:ZS an
3:30 pm| 5:J0 pm| Sebestcpol. | 7:3C pm! <:29 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for 27ark West
Errings and Wttlte Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
fcr Altruria: at 1 Lvttcn for Lytton-Sprlngs; at
Geyserville for Skaezs Sprtnars: at Cloverdal«
for the Geysers: at Horland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Sprtnjrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprincrs. Soda Bay. LeJceport and Bartiett
Springs; «t ITlclah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fprlnes, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lie-ley's. BnckneH'a,
Eanhedrln Heights. Hallville. ©it's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. 'West-
port. Usal. Willlts, Laytcn-rllle. Caamlna,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia j
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sloaday . rotmd trio tickets at I
redaced rates.
On Sunday rcmsd trip tickets to all potnta)
beyond San R&Caiel tit half rates.
Ticket offices. SCO Market St.. Chronicle bldt
H. C. WHITIXG. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gea. Pus. Axe&t,
§* " *"§
I Oo?
j g —TO.- g
I. Philadelphia |
| AND RETIRN via g
| Santa Fe I
I nUUlCiii |
o Tickets Sold June §
g 12th and 13th good %
c) to return 60 days, o
S xi
I Office, 628 Market St. I
i ' §
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest tluoceb train service, with potlts aad I
courteous employes. Stop-oft allowed at t&« ¦
rails. . BOSS C. CI.INE. P. C P. Agt.. ¦
C. & CRANE. Q.--*.-ASL?:- Aa ?* m ' C **"
EC Loots. Mo,
a Dr. Gibbon's DispNDnsary,
O25KEABSTCT. EKabllshed
!n 1*34 tor the treatment of Private
Ifce&ses, Lost Manhood. DebiUtyor
disease "rearing on bodyand mind and
skin Drteasf*. Thedoctorcareswhen
others fail. Try him. Char?a» low
* nr»»soaranif» I. Ca]>orwriC&
Dr. J. *'. «.IBB<», Sox i9S7.Saa Fiascfsca
DIED. •
Aii-cn. M-ary McGonigle. Dennis
Broder. Mao" McLaughlln. Alice
Cummins, Rev. John McMahon, Annie
Fitzler. Fred E. Muller. Kathartna
, Foster. Frederick W. Murphy. Catherine
' Gibbons, Julia Murphy. Walter J.
Healy. Daniel , Murtha. Patrick
Henneberrj'. Mrs. C. Paddon. George W.
Hons. Julius - Rosenbaum, Emil
Hopp*. Ernest A. Rnwe. Eliza A.
Kaeintz. Jacob Sherwood. Anna
Ko"r>. Louise Tlearney, Auretta
. Lacey. Charles H. Sutcliffe. James
Ltrspoune, Frank
! AARON— In this city, June 6, 1900, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late David, Aaron, and
mother of Louis. Pauline, Victor, Harry S.,
Katie E . Aaron and Mrs. A. L. Brown of
Marysville. Cal.. a native of Germany, aged
t 5S years 1 month and IS days.
! BRODER— In this city, June fi, 19C0. Mary, be-
loved wife of C. D. Broder, a. native of
Washington, D. C. aged 30 years.
i CUMMINS— In San Leandro. June S. 1900. Rev.
John Cummins, father of William T. and
j John T. Cummins, Mrs. Charles H. H:«le and
the late Adley H. and Leonidas H. Cummins,
a native cf Pennsylvania, aged 81 years 4
: months and 13 days. .,
ICTFuneral services at the Methodist EpU-
j copal Church in San Leandro this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock. Interment Ean Lo-
renzo Cemetery.
i FITZLER-In this city. June A, 1300. at his late
residence. 4S3 l i Bryant street. Fred £., be-
loved husband of Kate A. Fitzler, son of Lena
and the late Joseph Fitzler and brother of
Charles Fitiler and Mrs. Frank BoradoH. a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9
oionths and 1 day.
CTFrienrls and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday); at 1 o'clock, from his Iaie resi-
dence, 42'i\i Bryant street, thence to Native
Sons" Hall, where services will be held under
the auspices of Rincon Parlor No. 72. Native
Sons cf the Golden West, at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FOSTER— In this city. June 5. 1900. Frederick
W.. beloved husband of Mary G. Foster, a
native of England, aged S2 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. I6€S Mission street, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 183, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GIBBONS— In thl? city. June 6. 1900. Julia, be-
loved wife of the late John Gibbons, and
mother of Mary and John Gibbons, a native
of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged tt yearj.
(C7Kr:ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence.
4 Jansen street, off Greenwich, between Ma-
son ar.d Taylor, thence to St. Francis Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HEALT— In this city. June €. 1300. Daniel
Healy. a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
HENNEBERRY— In this city, June 5. 1900,
Catherine, beloved wife of Officer William
Hennebeny. and mother of Ella, Agnes,
Thomas. Catherine, Lizzie and Maud Henne-
berry. a native of Ruthmullen. County Don-
egal. Ireland, aged 44 years S months and
12 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late residence.
]*C7 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
Eddy -»treet. between Scott and Devlsadero.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HONS— In Alameda. June 6. 1900, Julius, be-
loved brother of Henry Hons. a native of
Germany, aged 71 years.
HOPPE— In Oakland, June 6. 1900. Ernest Ar-
thur, beloved son of Catherine and the late
J. C. Hoppe, and brother of Charles E. Hoppe
and Mrs. F. Welker of New York, a native
of Oakland, aged 20 years 8 months and 28
days.
C7"Notlce of funeral In Friday morning's
papers.
KAEINTZ-In this city. June 5. 1900. Jacob
Kaeintz. beloved father of Mrs. Theodore Le-
derhos. Mrs. J. Barbee. Joseph. Emll. Charles,
Louis and Manuel Kaeintz. a native of Edes-
heim. Rhelnpfalz. Germany, a«ed 48 years and
8 months.
KOPP— In San Jose. June 5, 190*. Louise Kopp,
beloved mother of Amanda Kopp. a native
of Germany, aged 44 years 7 months and 21
days. (Indianapolis papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage/.
LA.CEY— In this city. June 5, 1S00, Charles H.,
beloved husband of the late Alice M. J. La-
cey «nd father of Maude. Frank, Ethel and
Leslie Lacey, a native of London, England,
aged *f- years 10 months and CS days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, HCSVi Treat avenue, near Twenty-
fourth etreet. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LESPOCNE-In this city. June 5.: 1900, Frank,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flancagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL1IERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Teleonone South SO.
MO5IEV TO LOAX.
UICHZ.T rc*pect»b!e private rtace to obtain
I:I-cril advances on diamonds, jewelrv. at low-
est rates. Haldwin Jewelry Ftore. f\l Murkft
t- 1. Main 1644. Hracch li T»'.rd r.
HOST reliable dace to horror,- an (1'a.mnricV
ua-chts. jewelry. W. J. UESHIAL. 10 t^ixth:
I blriK '* t rice {or "'¦' cold, rtlwr. diamonds .
.'.NY cracuct t-y private party en furniture and
l-.ancs: no ren-.ova!; low rates; confidential.
J> t-LLJ. Ccaservatory fcldg.. 1» Powell st.
AT IK Kearcy. rcorn 9. respectable private
ris.ee ti b.-rrow on "n-atehes. diamonds; lowest
rutes; tnke rlevator. Telephone Davis 9U5.
< X furniture and r'.ancs r/ithout removal: <}ulck
service; noecjr direct; lowest interest Rooms
1 " c-r.i €9. Dr>nchoe bulljir.g. HTj Market St.
LOA5CS rua3e en furniture at I 1 * por c^nt: alro
salaried p«rrla. Ha'RSHBARGER.
— : i...ii> rt.. room 24.
-^r^L 1 — loaned salaried people without security.
I. ILL, mi. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people: without security; all busl-
ae^g cona-lcntial. Tcusley Co.. 321 Parrctt big.
CASH leaned ti salaried people en note without
ir.^.orser. MOP.nnLL. 6"9 Kxaminer building.
ON furniture, rian-^s. without removal; no
ccmrr.tssicr.: private LICK. 116 McAUister.
IF your j-roperty ie mortgaged and you need
is ore s-._-3c.v see H. MURPHY. 630 Market et.
TO fcalaried men without collateral or batancr
?¦¦ F. l'->".-.urt Ager.-r. HZ Phe'.an building!
MISICAL I\STni3IE\TS. ~
\ S ?a MaikA "fl* 11 kinilS to -^^arMAUVAIS. T
WE iijajc eeil at low prices, but during June
V I ? - c re-'ial bargains to every oneT larg-
?-.vk. Lrst Quality. MAl'VAIS. 7£9 Market.
iE<-KER i SON. Packard. Boothe Bros. an3
ArUacUB ate the pianos we offer as the best
-±LJ—^^^MAUVAIS. 7C3 Market st
A MAHOGANY Curtax. rood as new.
A walnut W eber. used very litt'e
A waJr.ut «ter!:r.i:. medium si:*.
An oak twrUng. glithtly us-a
A «i-nc: frcm rental etock
A rr.anccany Everett, sp'.erdid cenditicn.
1^1 £¦** F i sch « r - thoroughly repaired.
!L. csk K: - :r -' ; t«rj-. good as r.«rr
V^.V;"- £'£?!*'. ir 2 m $s> u r: terrr.s liberal.
A,'- A RiAZ * g O-^*. IS OFarrell it.
Chi-Keru:g. Steck. Vcge. Sterling Agency.
¦ -v grarte. from eteinway dc-r. to lcw-
r:c«»3 makes, end as cur installment pav-
mtxSM are easier than these of other dealers
¦«e ere the people frcm whem you should
purchase; new upright piano?. JS cash. $¦> r-er
«r^;. cther riancs $3. ti and j; per rccr.th.
fKERMAX. CLAT & CO.. Stein wav Dealers
¦cr. jsearr.y ar.d Sutter fts.. San Francisco;
c-:r. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
.ABSOLUTELY the ol.Wt and largest h^u»e
•rot cf Chicago is KOHLEFt & <~IIA:?E'S
"'¦. r« and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, creans and
a:i ether musical ir.streirier.ts cf all grades
and trices: tenr.s easy; prices lowest: every-
thirg pcrsitle dcr.e to please ar.d satisfy the
cogtotaer.
BARGAINS— A few piar.os will be sold this
•we«k for ttsrage; effers wanted «cash or in- i
•ta!l=er.t5). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt. i
CX>1» tirrtgst piano, full tone, fine quality. ;
*• •••¦. >-:-^m 1!. Fi-yy* buildir.*.
ORGAN" — Po^rerful reed or snail r"!p* organ j
"¦.•r. 1 "!; state particular*. Iicx 4CS4. Call.
BTEINTV'AT upri8"=t. $1S5: Installments. «. $3. I
J l' : rgrt * C up. HEINE'S. 13S Ellis st.
TTSK Kr*:i uprlrht p'ar-o at a great bargain. !
BTATHAM. 1C6 McAllister n.
SRCDUCl'lON pale: r.»w r!an?s. $s payments- :
fcr n»r.t. it nr. ERUENN. m Post «.
F^IIMER & CO.. Byrca Mauiy Pianea. JOS to!
as Pest ct. *
3 Fischer; great bargain. PCHMITzTli '
-¦ HrkXttMttT Ft., next HSbercIa Bank.
VT C. BAMEH, <:: Parramenti vt.. agent for '
Francis Eaccn and Hallett & Davis pianos.
f T *PHTUnR \-tr!:ca. zithers, eld and new. iiT I
tl'LLER. rr.aiker. repairer. 2 Latham place. |
OFFICES AND STORE* TO LET.
2-ARGj: stores and 08BSy rffteef= near Hall cr
•uff.-e. Ccurt block. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
OIL LA>DS.
c:t- laxcs for sale and to lease.
We hav* choice properties *nd will assist
Tarries to onranite companies and secure
capital. AMBROSE HARRIS aad T. A.
':XL. rr<irs C11-1M3. Eiasir.tr building.
PALMISTRT.
1:ME. Neergaari, Pr«. St. Gerrr.ain Col>?e of
Pilsilftry; rea<is 1 to S. £16 Geary, nr. Jones.
IS. JEROME FOSSELI.I. scientific peIrnisZ".-'i
"-" r st-. bet. <ieary & Post: r-'?"'' Black "^1.
PERSONALS.
S3 REWARD fcr tr.y^??rEialIon~regardi=g
?¦:"?. HAJIMAN-. aged 22. about 5 fe*t 4
:n"he* tall, dark complexion, dark brown
hair and eye«. weight about 117 pounds; last
eeea wearing black ri'k dre5s and straw hat:
rffiaurast men and employment men please
tir;» nctice. S*r.d information to WM. HAM-
MA». 7:-3 Sixth *t.. Oakland.
CO TO LEDEREE.
TT.e Popular hairdresser;
he has but cne price ar.d always
r:ve* you the very latest' styles.
He Vf^s Quintonlea hair tonic. Sic bot.,
ar.d Foarr.o Shampoo. =>c rkg.
O. LHZjERER. 123 STOCKTON ST.
r.AO carpets wove to order and for aale; also
t-i-emlle-wcve rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
- ¦ t tv.--.ne. in hank or chain, at lowest
ri:tes. GEO MATTHEWS. 708 Fifth. Oakland.
B ?ALE — Large tent In frood condition: ~Z
• <1:amet<»r; teats £00 people: must sell at
price. T<=nt Factory. 3*25 Mission.
MEN'S shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Bee
'.:¦¦* choe Co.. 717 Market St., near Third.
Z L!"ie Webb's soap, made from California
¦'¦ ¦¦*¦ --i>. r--*-.ts and herbs; 1">? et drorei«ts;
tJ touted. LH Stevenson, bet. 5 & 10 a.ra.
PARALTCZS positively cured, also nervous.
rkir, and lung disease*, rheumatism, oesifica-
t.'n and stiff Jotr.te; no drucs; no knife. DR.
1^. J. STIiATTON. Zm-Z-TS Parrott bldg.. over
T.rr.^nnxiTa. Fan Francisco: consultation free.
DOCTOB wants position a* assistant to physl-
c mast make exrv>nses. Box 43*", Call
r ' • .
2'y. ". IDA turn rerroas prostratlcn. insomnia.
: Jr:«s. I!rijTfit*9 disease and rupture when
r. ' often fail; eee this vonderful. gifted
esler: she cure you. 1343 Hcward.nr.lCth.
rr. r ;CTRIC Ucfcts la every room— Winchester
H tel. ** Third s=t.. near Market: 100 rooms;
rr.~ to Jl SO per night; II 3) to J« per week;
T.-«-e 'bus and baggage to end from the ferry.'
-V* A DEMY for the NEW SCIENCE <">F HEAL-/
IXO: all disease* are curable: WITHOUT
.",".riS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: ccnsulta-
. !>!*. WM. SCHMITT. £27 Pott *t-
AS r>.gar.t FU'.t for *10 73 from imported or do- j
rr.f-ftic remnant*. L- LEMOS, 1117 Market st., -
Ijetween Seventh and Eighth.
SIIF55 FHnLDON. chiropodist and magnetic
tirataifr.t. SCO Market vt.. ««nd floor, ra. 37. l
G. D. MORSE, photographer. "606 Pacific ave., \
brtTTpen Pierre and Scott; phone Steiner 3T?1. j
IF you wish fall value for vour cast-off clothing i
<¦»:! en B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 412C j
X.ADIE?' an4 gents' os*toff clothing bought and j
ta'A. ESwnsas. -*4 Fclsctn. tel. Folscm 11S1.
ih'LLr-DP.nFS ar.4 ether fuits boacht; also old |
_«r,Id. Pcr:l?.nd Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. j
HAIR qulelcly curled cr waved by u.«!mt Tal- j
cott's Curlinar Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothir.r. oJ<J cc!d and filver bolicht;
r-r.l r-'-'t-g-t- «'OT>nMAN'C. V* Kcamy rt."
PHl'SICIASS AXD SCRGEOXS. .
EH. cTc. CDCNNELL— Office and residence.
I'Ti^i Market it., bet. Sixth and Sereath.
¦ I
PIIOTOGnAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
V. 7." loan lojaks free; ; h.to supplies, li^ckus
ftud'o. !1 Geary st.. rrcund floor.
KUAL ESTATE CITY KOIt SALE, j
ECL GETS & EP.OTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
<
KEADQfABTEnS FOH PARK LOTS.
|4r* to 3Sf*t— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains-
eev-errd aad traded; ready to build on; $10
$2ZO to r»ft-Ckolce«t Richmond bcIHing lots-
$;o mcntblr-
— • —
$100 to tr«-L*T«l bnlldlrir lets; near Mls^lon-
tt. aad San Siateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
VZO to ?irtx»— For Fnui! cottages !n excellent
ImnHnni. near <-an=: paj-rn»r.t» same as rent.
CALL FOB MAPS ANI> DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
KOOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
ITODERN h»ru»e« and flati built at lowest
price,; plan* and e*t!mat«e furnished for all
KEAaVKSTATE For Sale
*-f*>-HA"LK lr.tere« In randTnTicVef,. enmtain^ i
tBM Foil channel and other minerals AH
HUI5ENEK. box 23. Valley Barings. Cal"-
KOR $150 — I will locate- you on a gold bearirz-
qu.rtr lecre and 20 acre, of land •-
County. Box 42T1. CaU office.
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKEEPIXG.
AVERT, S. off Geary, near Flllmore — 3 sunny
nicely furr.ished housekeeping rooms: bath.
BUT ANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 2 or 3 front rooms fur-
:.>;>¦; for housekeeping: cheap.
BUCHANAN. £02, cor. Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dew an-J kitchen, furnished; housekeeping;
etove; $12.
j CHESTNUT. 2331. Ncrth Deach-Furnlshed
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view; sunny.
EDDY. &17— Nice sunny connecting rooms; fur-
nished; no children; private residence.
EIGHTH. :;i— Two housekeeping rooms in rear;
rent I*.
F1LLMORE. CIS. near Hayes— L 2 or 3 sunny
housekeeping rooms; German private family.
FOLSOM. J5S— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
HARRISON. X5— A large front room, bedroom
and kitchen, ccniplete fcr housekeeping.
j HOWARD. 704— Nice, sunny furnished rooms
j for housekeeping ; rent cheap.
HOWARD. li"«l— I-arge front room; two con-
necting completely furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water.
HYDE. 4-"S— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen
Complete for housekeeping.
| MARKET. 1?24— Large front sunny bay-window
j room, neatly lurnished: rent S12; telephone.
I MISSION. 1121— Nice housekeeping rooms; suite
i or single: JS up; no objections to children.
1 MOSS. 13. off Howard, near Severth-2 or S
! rooms rumished complete for housekeeping, j
NATCilA. 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms, |
; Ji rr.onth. ?
NOH. i:i. near Market— 2 sunr.y bay-window 1
roorr.s. modern flat, for housekeeping: 112. •
OAK. 133— Sunny front room, furnished for !
housekeeping, iJ: large basement room, tame, J
yard, W. |
O'FAr.RELL, KC3, nr. Van Ness— Large sunny j
rooms.' complete for housekpg: private fam. i
POST. SC2— Sur.ny housekeeping rooms, $15 and i
, $2v; ether sunny rooms. V and $10. j
THIRD. !X— Elegant suite, suitable for young :
couple: use of kitchen and bath if desired; I
rent reasonable.
TWO sunny front rooms. kltch»n and bedroom. '
furnished complete for housekeeping: furni- }
ture ail new; $1 T5 per week. Apply at shoe i
store. 5o2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
VAN NESS AVE., IC21— Sunny front suite; 3 i
rooms and kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch effice. 2J0-) Flllmore st.
================== I
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and L'nfnrn. j
A-BRUNSWICK 'HOUSE. "l«T~sTxth-Rooms j
*3c to tl per nijtht. $1 23 to t> per week, and j
lipht housekeeping-; open all nlfht.
BOHEMIA. Post— Sunny corner suites to
gentlemen and families; references given: ele- I
vator; all conven'ces; turists accommodated-
B T RN ETT. »:S Market ft. (old No. 136O— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. |
CEDAR ave.. S4. bet. Larkln. Polk— Adults: s|
rar.ny ur.fumishM; hot: cold; bath: ftas; J12. :
FOLSOM. ?€o. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elepant J
tunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. «3. cor. €th (The Oliver)— Newly fur- j
nisl.ed sunny rooms, single or suites: reascnbl. j
GEARY, 4<'3 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers aceem'dated.
GOLDEN GATE «v<>.. 1219— F"urr.I« bed rooms; j
hous«k<?<»pine and ethers; gas and bath.
GRANT) SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh ; I
ar.vl Mission sts. — Sunr.y rooms, en suite or I
single; ladies' parlcr: readl.-ffe room; elevator, j ,
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7*1 Missicn «.— Select [
family rormlr.g house: SI 50 to $5 per week. i
HOTEL Francisco— Eieeant suit**; ?ln?le: tran- ;
sipnt: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor, i
HOWARD, ':*— Rrorr.s from $1 week up to $5; j
25c to II night; also housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. 1537— Flat of 3 handsomely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; $14. j
MASON. 502— Nicely furr.ished smgle rooms. I
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay- j
window room. Jl per week; transipr.t.
NEW ARLINGTON. n^Market— Nicely furn. !
rms.; 33c night, up; $2 week, up; transient. ;
O'FAIiRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and !
c'fices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. j
POLK. 717— Two separate furnished rooms, with !
bath. ?5 and ti. : ;
POST. TfC— 2 large sunny rooms." furnished or i
unfurnished: everything new and cl»an.
POWELL.. 121— Light, clean rms., suites or sin-
gle; transient: running, m-ater; rates reduced, j
POST. 513— Elegantly furnished euites; a.\to\
single rrom: reasonable.
ROFEDALE House. 319 and Kl Ellis it.-P.o-mj, j
right. Zjc to $1: week. $1 £3 to Hf'open night, i
ROYAL HOUSE. IK Ellis st-— In-andeocent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladle*" j
parlcr: rooms. p»r nieht. 3Cc f> SI 50: week S2 j
to J 4 ; month. $* to S2*>; elevator on offlce floor; ,
room; with hot and cold water; baths. j
SHERMAN Arartraent House. 2S Eighth «t.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A go^-5 rooming house j
for gcod people. R. HL'GHES, proprietor.
THIRD. S49— Large front room, $6; single. $3. !
TURK. 132— Two nicely furnished rooms.
TURK. MJ— Svr.ny tlr.z> ro;m: $«. j
TURK. 11'^— Large nicely furnished room: pri- j
vate family: reasonable: references required. !
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office. 200 Flllmore st. I
1 1 | ]
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS A>D DOARD.
I CaTjIFORNIaT^OT— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rates families: sunny rms,
en suite or single; best table In SaaFrancisco.
MARKET, 1C43A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rrns..
with fim-class board; double. $10 wk. ; single,
i JC3 mo • modern: elevator: table board. $4 wk.;
tnoals, r.c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop. \
i THE BRADBURY. 1EO4 California— Modern
family hotel; excellent table: 100 heautlfully
furni«hed rooms; moderate; phone*Hyde :..!.
! LAS PALMAS. ISM Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
i rms.: private: bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
• —^ —^^— —^— — — —^
ROO31S AXD BOARD 1VAXTED. <
BOARD and lodslnz durtnz summer for two
! adults and two children, outside of city.
»l:rre style Is of secondary importance. Box
I 4.X7Z. Call office^ i
SPECIAL XOTIGES.
: LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennrcyal P11U
i are the bezt; safe, reliable: take no other: .
i *end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for '
I La files" in letter by return mall; at drug-
I cists. Chichester -Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa. I
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
j city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
; CO.. 41Z Slontgonwy St.. rooms S-10; tel. 5£S0.
| ROOMS papered from S3: whitened, Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS ' :af'<. sent to any address In the
United Ptatyy or Canada on» rear for <!¦
SEWIXtf 3IACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
' ALL kir.fi- bousrht. sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. «:haF. Plair.beck. 1915 Mission, nr. t?tV I
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 143 Sth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at loweft rates. 2C5 Fourth st.
STORAGK ASD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.,
tel. Main 1S4V- Packing, moving and storage, j
WILSON BROS.. Ftorasre and moving; covered
vax.s. Tenth and Market; phone 5cuth 762.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Pest st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC ftorape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. Ig« r*illmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TVPI'.WUITEIIS AXU SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California, telephone Main 2SS. ¦
m^mmm ———»—— — —^— L
~ DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. IS (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Ccmaany will be oayable at the office
of the corapar.y. 227 Market t<t.. oa aad after
MONDAY. June 1L 1S00. Transfer booki will
clc«.> en Monday. June 4. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— TT.e Giant Powder Com- L
pany. Ccn. — A dividend. No. 18. of =
scventy-flvc centi (75c) per chare on the l»-
rue.1 capital stack of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany. 430 California. St.. San Francisco, on F
June 11. 1S00. Transfer books close June 4,
UCQ. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MARRIED.
EASTMAN— SOTO— In this city. June ?. 1900.
by Justice of the Peace Thomas Dunn, Ed-
ward Eastman and Leonides Soto.
KAUFMANN-KING— In this city. June 6, 1900.
by R"?v. J. Fuendeling, Charles W. Kaufmann
and Susie F. Kins-.
SHEPPARD— HOLLWEGS— In this city, June
2, 13d). by Rev. J. Fuendeling. Charles Shep-.
par! and Johanna M. Hollwens.
TODT— SCHWARTING— In this city, June 5,
1900. by Rev. J. Fuendellntr, Fred Todt and
Lizzie SchTvartinc
WARNXE— DAHL— In Haywards. Cal., May
31, WOO, • by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Hermann
Warnke of San Francisco and Jennie Dahl of
Haywards. Cal.
WENDT— MICHEL— In this city. June 4. 1900.
by Rev. J. Fuendeline, Ferdinand Heinrlch
Frar.z Wendt and Mrs. Paulina. Henrietta
Michel.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the Dublication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FLEISHMAN— In this city, June 5. 1900, to the
wife of Max Fleishman, a daughter.
GUNTERN— In this city. June 1. 1900, to the
wife of Adolph Guntern, twins— a son and
daughter.
KOHLBERG— In this city. Jur.e 3, 1900, to the
wife of EuceneL. Kohlberg, a son.
ROSEN DAL— In this city. June 5. 19C0. to the
wife of Captain G. Ro#endal. a daughter.
WILLIAMSON— In this city. May IS. 1300, to th«
¦wife of J. F. Williamson, a sen.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer» Issued
yesterday:
Eurene Brown. 32", 1207H Octavia street, and
Julia Borowsky. 25, 1313 Lacuna street.
Otto F. W. Foest. 34. 1772 Howard street, and
Mamie Tate. tl. 1772 Howard street.
5!«onael Dowling 30. 1523 Leavenworth street,
and Marearet Dowling 2?, 152S Leavenworth
street. *
Harry S. Wheeler. 21, 657 Howard street, and
Elizabeth. B. Langille, V\ €37 Howard street.
J. Lewis Hanev, 27. Sharon, and Althea E.
Winders, 20, 266 Farallone street.
Frank G. Drum, 21, city, and Lily M. Snow-
Sxass. O," city.
Burton H. Hamoton. 37. 537 Folsom street,
and Sarah A. Whalen. 26. 957 Folsom street.
F. Baley Van d? Carr, 21. Oakland, and Venus
Chapman. 20, Oakland.
Fred Todt, 24, city, and Lizzie Schwarting,
JO, city.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMSHED HOUSES.
FOR .rent, furnished. Including piano, subur-
ban home of 11 rooms; horse and cott; stable;
r.ice garden; elegant view; can be had for
four months at $40 per month. Including
water. Apply &16 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — $10 ; 4-room cottage, basement,
chicken bouse and yard: lot 64x110: city water
Included.- R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thir-
teenth St.. Oakland.
BLOCK 64. must be 6Old. near 23d ave., 17th St..
Fast Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
$75 CASH. J5 monthly; 3-room new cottage and
good well of water; lot 3?x!00; more land can
be had If desired; 75 families now located;
Town Hall Just finished; near 3 electric lines;
fine school and SO feet wide boulevard: climate,
soil and view the very best; natural drainage;
land level; price all told $400; see model dovery
here; Allendale Tract adjoining Ea£t*Oakland.
Call or address 455 Seventh st.. near corner
Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
O.Uil.VM) REAL ESTATE.
*3S0— CORNER lot; small but desirable; 30x60
feet; street work done; two blocks from local
Etation; suitable for business or residence.
$21 per month; no cash down; a plain but
comfortable home of 7 rooms and bath; elec-
tric cars in front; good location. This pays
»for It the came as rent.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
100S Broadway, near Tenth street.
Oakland. Cal.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
beloved husband of Helene Lespoune, a native
of France, aged 42 yearB. >
C3"Friends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence.
304 Jessie street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
McGONIGLE— In this city, June 4. 1900, Dennis,
beloved husband Of the late Jennie McGon-
lgle, dearly beloved • and devoted father of
Thomas. Jennie, Nellie and John McGonigle
and brother cf Nell McGonicle, a native of
the parish of Culdaff. County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 6S years and 10 months.
IG^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res-
idence. 1114 Alabama street, thence to St. Pe-
ter's Church, where a requiem high mass will
ba celebrated for the repose of his soul at 8
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers,
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, June 6. 1900. Alice,
beloved wife of James McLauchlin. and
mother of Harry and Alice- McLaughlin, a
native of California, aged 3$ years.
H^FViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7'i Sumner street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.-
McMAHON— In this city, June 6. 1900. Annie
McMahon, beloved dauehter of the late Pat-
rick and Margaret McMahon. and sister of
the late Mary McMahon, a .native of San
Francisco. ";-:?;•*';
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'nvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:33 o'clock, from the residence
of Charles Crockett. 1017 Howard street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MULLER— In this city. June 5. 1900. Katharina
Muller, beloved mother of Philip Mulier and
the late Mrs. A. Niebuhr and grandmother
of Mrs. J. L. HansbrouKh and Fred and Emll
Niebuhr. a native of Rhelnhessen, aeed S2
years 2 months and 13 days.
(C7"Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Phillip Muller, 427 Jersey street,
between Twenty-fourth and 1 i ;nty-flfth,
rear Castro. Interment Odd Fellows" Ceme-
tery.
MURPHT— In this city, June 6. 1900. Walter J..
beloved fon of Geonre and Mary Murphy, a
native of San Francisco, aged J months.
MURPHY— In Lorin. June 6. 1900. Catherine
Murphy. belo\-ed wife of George Murphy, and
dearly beloved and devoted mother of D. H.,
' J. J., Katie Murphy and Mrs. J. G. Raphael,
a native of Rathmullen, County Donegal, Ire-
land, aped 71 years and 10 months.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street, "at 9:30 o'clock, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated- for the repose of
her soul.
MURTHA— In this city, June 5. 1900, Patrick,
"beloved husband of Catherine Murtha. uncle
of Katie and Eddie McLaushlin. cousin of
James Murtha and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Patrick Boyle, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, ased 71 years. ¦
cbfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 17 Madison avenue, off Harrison street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PADDON— In this city, June f 1900. George W..
beloved son of Abel and the late Mary Pad-
don and brother of Mrs. A. Brownlie, Mrs. J.
Weir and Harry and Nettle Paddon. a native
of San Francisco, ased 24 years 5 months aad
10 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residtr.ee
of his sister. Mrs. A. Brownlie. 1335 Vermont
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROSEXBACM— In this city. June 4, 1900. Emll
D., dearly beloved husband oi Sadie S. Rcsen-
baum. brother of Virginia and Julia Strass-
burger and Samuel M.. Albert M. and Charles
¦\V. Rcsenbaum and son of the late Moses and
B»rtha Rcsenbaum. a native of San Fran-
cicco aged 37 years 2 months and 9 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 240S Van Ness avenue. Cremation at
Cvpress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
ROWE— In this city, June *. 1S00. Eliza A..
dearly beloved wife of Frank I. Rowe. mother
cf Mrs. J. P. Luke. Mrs. D. J. Morrison and
Mr?. \V. R. Morgan and sister of Mrs. \V. B.
Drew, a native of Maine, aged 56 years 1
month and D days.
E7 Services will be held this day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence, SOS
Capp street, near Twentieth. Interment prl-
\ate.
SHERWOOD— In this city. June «. 1900, Anna,
wife of the late George E. Sherwood, and be-
loved mother of Harry Sherwood, a native
cf St. John. New BniMwlck, aged 64 years.
SUTCLIFFE— In this city. June 5, 1300, James,
beloved husband of Jane Sutcliffe, and father
of Gertrude S. anU Herbfert C. Sutcliffe. a
native of Lancashire, England, aged 57 years
and 9 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 323 Harrison street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
TIEARN'EY— In this city, June 5. 1900, Auretta,
beloved wife of Edward Tlearney. mother of
Mabel Leona Tlearney. dauehter of Mr. and
Mrs. Penwarden and sister of Mabel and Earl
Penwardtn, a native of Pennsylvania, ased
13 years and 2 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister-in-law. Mrs. A. \V. Carley. 2435
Twenty-third street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Crtnetery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
___•-__ ADVEBTISEUENTS.
- e ac knowledged
King of Bottled
GJ^ll^lr^ Beers, possesses
mr yrxs>& every element that
makes a perfect and delicious brew.
Nearly three quarters of a billion
bottles of this famous brand have
been consumed-a world's record.
The product of
Anheuser=Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
j^- 0£- l/*^* m Famous the world over for its toaic qualities,
grff£rf£&JY££t%£41& recommended by physicians everywhere, is
•"*****^' / . ff+w+w*' prepared by this association. \
GRANS5 l^^^^^8^fe^§v^
:MaGNIP' C^
5ltlP\nrjCAR5 >^ ] ¦¦ AiNDCHiCAGO CMANGl.
PiH TlPANDF i5 Ti ~- 0NLY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE P-iSSlNG i'-Jf/w^.
SSrmX DIRECTLY ™ :UC ' H SALT LAKE CITY ' Wff/fik
V/ESTEhN [(I.LEADVILLE, COLORADO SPRINGS ji/ffffjun
«"3 DENVER. 0f//utis>
FOB P~7£S ", CESCRIPTIVZ r.'~TTEZ> ETC^tNQUlGE CF j^^S^^^l
r cr\ \ai WIPINT7 ' F.\V.THCM55ON,(f?/7//'w,i* '' s^<&
cm/^jj'/-/^ 62p Market St., P*bce//ofe/.- '^*Zr
SALT LAKE Cltrl SAA* ttPMASC/S C O.' /J*Bedlam Too Much for Maxwell.
Hoots and Jeers greeted the conclusion
of the speech. Secretary Finn took the
center of the platform and said that Mr.
Kaufmann was one of the most disap
pointed office seekers in the party. He
then told of the many positions he aspired
to and wound up by saying that even now
he had an application before the Civil
Service Commission. Cheers greeted the
statement.
Delegate Coffey Interrupted with a point
of order and said Mr. Finn and Mr. Kauf
mann ought to proceed without indulging
In personalities. * Whereupon Mr. Kauf
mann denied that he was indulging in per
sonalities. He said that his statements
had been doubted and he believed it was
his dutv. to< refute allegations against him.
"Mr. Chairman," he yelled, "the finest
position in the gift of the munlcipality
could not buy me now or at any other
time."
Within five minutes points of order, mo
tions, amendments to amendments and
substitutes for the whole were hurled at
the unhappy chairman.
All the lists being in. Secretary Finn
read the names of the men chosen In the
Thirty-eighth District. Amid tho cries of
"sit down," "shut up," "hire a hall" and
other choice advice, Kaufmann apaln rose
to voice- his protest. "I don't want to be
debarred of my legal right to speak," he
yelled. "I protest on the ground that no
meeting was called!" | Emll Pohll moved
the adoption of the maiority report and
it was carried unanimously. Kaufmann
rose to points of order, but he was sadly
ignored. He then attempted to read his
minority report, but it was never heard.
Nothing daunted, he gave notice that he
would continue his battle at the coming
convention.
Then came the fight in the Forty-fourth*
Assembly District. Dr. Baeigalupi and II..
J. Sullivan were opposed b>; Italian In
terpreter Demartlni, Baseball Umpire
Jack O'Connor and Senator Feeney.
Again the convention was filled with
noise. It rose to a perfect bedlam and
the man with the loudest voice won out.
The majority report was accepted despite
the fact that "Three Strikes" O'Connor
swore that County Commltteeman
Schimpf's name was forged to the docu
ment and the last named was present to
swear he had not signed it. A motion to
adjourn was made and carried. - , -. >-\.
O'Connor looked disgustedly at the
chairman because he put the motion,
thus crowding O'Connor and his men out
of a chance for a hearing, and sadly, said,
"You're a lobster."
Following is a list of the delegates
chosen: t-»
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— "William
A. Peake. Charles Duran;- Wllliani Turner,
Thomas P. O'Connor, William Mahon, Thomas
J. Sears, Thomas McDermott and Lawrence
Hoey. S -.••¦- '-'¦¦
Twenty-ninth District— J. J. Sweeney,
Thomas Horan, Joseph Flanagan, Joseph I.
Lawless, H. L. Ladd, James K. Murphy, P.
H. Cahill, Thomas Glbney, James W. Fitz
gerald and William H. Battersby.
Thirtieth District— John Devanny, James
McMenomy H. H. Plant, Richard Purcell,
Charles Glldea, Edward McDevltt. Frank
Kenny. Robert Walsh and George Fitzgerald.
Thirty-first District— J. McCormick, C.
MuesdorfTer, J. W. Burke, N. J. Cannon, C.
B. Delaney, Jay Kelly, Oscar Hocks, D. Dillon,
J. D. Sullivan, C. Ilolcomb and Harry Butler.
Thirty-second District— M. C. JIcGrath, K.
Galbally, \V. H. Dwyer, J. Delehanty. Thomas
J Gavan, Charles Troppman, Frank Kyan and
Richard Schnutenhaus.
Thirty-third District— Daniel Reardon, John
Collins P. J HaBRerty, E. D. Sullivan, John
Mulcahy James Flynn, Adolph Strecker. Ber
nard Hargdon and David Cronin.
Thirty-fourth District— J. J. Dyer. Thomas
Kennedy, H. C. Gesford, Thomas F. AUord,
John T. Kane. M. C. Caliaghan, James Mee,
P. J. Kennedy, F. E. Mahoney, John Mlnehan
and A. W. Thompson. .
Thirty-fifth District— William M. Cannon,
Michael T- Brennan. W. A. Kelly. Alexander
Macdonald, D. M. Ahem, William Byrnes and
Samuel J. Dolan. .¦.'--.;.:
Thirty-sixth Dlstrict-E. B. Cam B. Mc-
Kenna J. Cotter. P. Casserly, Joseph P. Touhy,
N. Connor. A. Nagle. Joseph P.- Taafe, George
Kennard. Dennis OKeefe, John Kelly and Wil
liam Rlns. ,,».-.
Thirty-seventh District- John M. Nowlan,
Charles A Sweifjert, Samuel Emmanuel,Mon
tague T Morse, Lawrence F. Walsh, Joseph
F II. Hotter, Edward P.- Shortall, H. M.
Black, Peter Kell3\ Frank J. Monahan and
William H. -Ward. „,_¦,,,
Thirty-eighth Dtstrict-R. F. Mogan. Phillip
S Fay, John W. Tracy. Charles S. Smith.
J W. Mulcahy Jr.. Stephen M. Gunn, J. J.
Geary and W. J. Thompson. •
Thirty-ninth District— It. B. Whiting. Kdward
Russell, "W W. McNair. William Wachemeyer.
Charles Edelman. H. Bienenfeld, Frank Mal
loye and Frank Conklln. -¦:• :^ - t--
Fortieth District-Louis F. Byington, James
Riordan, Joseph Napthaly. Daniel S. Curran,
Louis Samuels. William Hulck. Kdmond Kenny
""Forty-first District— "William H. Alford. Grat
tan D. Phillips, Donzel Stoney. Frank Gould,
William Crais. B. J. Hyland. William bright
an For D y- I Becond e District-Walter S. Brann. Wil
liam A. Wasftn. R. P. Troy. Chris Grundel,
L*>uis <le V. Biirtlett and Curtis Hlllyer.
Forty-third District— George Somerset, J. W.
Gale. James Mnhoney, James K. Polk, Dr. L.
T. Malaby and Eustace Callanan.
Forty-fourth District— Richard Wheeler. Wal
ter de Martin, U. V. Merle. A. B, Glaasman.
John Perozzo. Thomas «Foley and B. Lynch.
Forty-fifth District— Georpre Dahlbender. Mose
Hynes M F Brennan, William Jordan, Frank
Forcada and P. Paul Vlautin.
Democrats 'Midst Tumult of Protests
and Flying Fists Name State ¦
Convention Delegates.
HOWLS AND JEERS PAIL
TO CRACK THE SLATE
Hecovers Small Judgment.
J. A. "Waldteufel, who sued the Chris
tian Press Association to recover $16,116 34,
which he alleged was dup him for stock
advanced and the transfer of his busi
ness, was given Judgement yesterday by
Judge Bahrs for $95 46. The court held
that the evidence proved the existence
of no legal claim In advance of this small
sum.
Herman Rosenbai-m Improving.
Herman P^oscnbaum, mining prospector
and bookkeeper, who dramatically at
tempted suicide Tuesday afternoon in the
office of the Zacoualpa Rubber Plantation
Company, Claus Spreckels building, will
probably recover. The symptoms were
favorable yesterday and he was removed
to the German Hospital.
Wotice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip).
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery. 40S
Taylor street. GCO Market street. Oakland
terry depot. *
perlntendent Webster for increased pay
for substitutes will also be taken up.
The position of janitor of the Mission
Hlph School held by C. S. Bennett was
declared to be vacant from and after
June 11, 1900.
Broke His Leg.
Joseph Rainwille, a carpet layer, aged
55 years, met .wlth'a" painful accident on
the front early yesterday.' He was. going
to Napa to do some -work and was mak«i
Ing his way to ¦¦> the steamer Zinfandel
about 1:20 a. m. Crossing. East; street he
stumbled and fell, breaking his left; leg.
He was attended by * Dr. Armlsted at the
Harbor Hospital; ¦ ¦ . • .
Native Sons Arrange for the
Great Event on Ninth
of September.
The joint committee of the Native Sons
of the Golden West having charge of the
celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of
the admission of California as a State
held a meeting last night In Native Sons'
Hall, Chairman Phelau presiding. There
were present a large number of the rep
resentatives of the several parlors, show-
Ing the enthusiasm that Is felt by those
who propose to make the celebration the
grandest that San Francisco . has ever
seen.
The chairman announced that he would
within a few days name the most import
ant of all committees, the one that will
have charge of the finances. The several
sub-committees presented partial reports.
The committee. on decorations announced
that it had secured headquarters at 310
Pine street, and that it was obtaining
facts and figures as to bunting, electric
ity for the illumination of the City Hall,
the ferry building, the Hall of Justice
and several other large buildings, togeth
er with other details that will come under
its supervision. '
The committee on ball reported that it
favored the giving of a grand Invitation
al ball on the night of the 10th of Sep
tember. . , ..
The literary committee reported that It
would present an outline of Its pro
gramme at the next meeting.
The committee on naval parade was au
thorized to add George H. S. Dryden and
six persons who shall not be members of
the order to the committee.
The committee on halls and headquar
ters announced that it had secured from
the Palace Hotel management four rooms
on the lower floor for use as headquarters,
and the committee was authorized to put
these quarters into shape at once.
It was resolved that any member or a
sub-committee who shall absent himself
from two successive meetings, except on
account of absence from the city or sick
ness, shall be removed from that com
mittee.
E. Myron Wolf, S. V. Costello, J. H.
Grady, D. A. Ryan and C. H. Turner were
named a special committee to determine
the scope of the celebration, that is, the
length of its duration and character. The
impression prevailed that the . Natives
should whoop It up for one week.
It was decided that the official title of
the celebration shall be semi-centennial
anniversary day celebration.
After Friday week, to which time there
was an adjournment, the committee will
meet every Friday. '.
CALIFORNIA'S
JUBILEE YEAR
CELEBRATION
School Board to Investigate
Recommendations of |
Examiners.
The Board of Education Inaugurated a
new plan at yesterday's meeting when it
refused to adopt the recommendations of
the Board of Kxamlnation regarding the
renewal of primary and grammar grade
certificates of school teachers. Hereafter
the investigations of the examiners as to
the legal qualifications of pedagogues will
lie supplemented by further inquiry on
the part of the School Board before the
renewals are finally granted.
The point was raised by Director Den
man when Deputy Superintendent Kings
bury, who is also secretary of the Board
of Examiners, reported that in his last
communication he had recommended that
the grammar grade certificate of Miss
McGreevy.be renewed, when in fact it
should have been the primary grade cer
tificate. Miss McGreevy is the teacher
whom .the board suspended for one year
for habitual absence arid not so reporting
, to her principal.
"I move," said Director Denman, "that
the recommendations be adopted with the
exception of. those relating to primary and
grammar grades. I want to know the ex
act status and classification of teachers
before their certificates are renewed."
"I desire to state," said Mr. Kingsbury,
"that the Examination Board does not
grant certificates to teachers before ob
taining a letter of recommendation from
principals. We do not investigate the per
sonal character of any teacher."
Denman demanded the same right to
make investigations as the Board of Ex
aminers possessed and; the matter went
over for one week. The teachers tempo
rarily affected by the new order are:
Grammar grade certificates: Mrs. M. L.
Cohnrelch. Mrs. Blanche S. Wertheimer,
Miss Elsie L. Moraghan, Miss Lydla E.
Grafe. Miss A. H. Lyon. Miss E. H. Lyon,
Miss P M. Nolan, M13S Rao Cohen, Mrs.
B. L. MacDonald.
Primary certificates: Miss Sarah
Karsky and Miss M. C. Barry.*
A copy of resolutions adopted by the
Public Improvement Central Club, which
is affiliated with thirty different improve
ment clubs. Was read at the meeting and
concerns the fight now being made for
better textbooks. The resolutions are:
''•Whereas, President Wheeler of the University
of California has condemned several of the text
books ot.tlie'&tcte series as unworthy and In
adequate to the modern needs of the schools
of the State.
Resolved,' That the secretary of this club be
authorized to write to Presidents Wheeler and
Jordan,' State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Kirk and all presidents of county Boards
of Education in reference to the above.
A; communication was sent by the club
(requesting thei board to give its opinion
as to the best plan to be adopted in order
that the defects ¦. of the present system
might be remedied. Consideration- how
ever, was postponed until the next meet
ing. •
Mrs. MIehl, a substitute teacher In the
department, made. an earnest appeal that
substitute teachers be paid $40 per month
Instead of $1 per diem for reporting and
$2 50 per day when teaching, the present
rates recently adopted by the board. Mrs
Mlehl said that substitutes had been given
but eight days' work in May and would
not be employed at all during vacation
The board decided to hold a special meet
ing on Thursday afternoon to consider the
matter, when the recommendation of Su-
NEW RULE FOR
THE RENEWAL OF
CERTIFICATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1900
fiTT? MID scenes of uproarious confusion
// \\ the Phelan programme was crowd-
J/ ed through the Democratic local
convention at Native Sons' Hall
last night. The Influence of the court cir
cular had been invoked to bring out a full
attendance of the county ,committeemen,
as only sixty-nine members attended the
convention last Friday night. When the
roll was called last night the secretary
reported seventy-five present. Despite
every effort of the Phelanltes to bring out
the full representation thirty-seven com
mitteemen—among them Max Popper and
Jasper McDonald— declined to grace the*
occasion with their presence. What the
convention lacked in numerical strength
was made good, however, in noise.
The tumult began immediately on con
clusion of tho rollcall. and there was
scarcely a lull in the storm until the ad
journment was declared. ,-p'iiH
Charles W. Fay, the private Civil Ser
vice Commissioner of Mayor Phelan, was
on the scene early to see that the slate
was not fractured. Before the convention
was called to order an indignant Demo
crat smote him in the mouth, but he man
aged to preserve the slate unbroken.
J. D. Maxwell, who was recently pro
moted to the position of chairman of the
convention to succeed Jasper McDonald,
brought to the office all the dainty graces
of demeanor which have made him so
popular as a master of social function^ in
select circles of Belvedere. He wient
through the storm in a dazed and dreqmy
manner, hardly realizing what he had
done when he declared the convention jad
journed. lie put motions without' regard
to. their sequence or order and declared
results In obedience to the loudest cajl.
Threat of Appeal to State Body.\
There was an exciting scene when Leo
Kaufmann charged that civil service had
been polluted to obtain control of the
Tliirty-elghth Assembly District. Pne
lan's name was not mentioned, but the ac
cusation was made that two of the com
rnitteemen had been given places in the
municipal service. The inference was un
avoldaole that the Mayor had prostituted
civil service to secure recognition in the
convention. The charge was distinctly
made that means other than moral influ
ence had been used to bring about a re
port.in favor of the delegates recommend
ed by Charles S. Fay. Mr. Kaufmann
threatened to take his protest and appeal
to the Democratic State Convention, at
Sacramento.
There were loud and angry protests
against the acceptance of the list sub
mitted by the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict commttteemen. The genuineness of
A. H. Schlmpf's signature to the ma
jority report was ctiallenged. Democrats
who claimed they were cheated and "done
up" by the programmers appealed to the
reporters of the press to witness that
Scnimpfs name was signed u> a report
which had been rejected. Investigation
disclosed the fact that the honored name
of Schimpf was signed to both reports
and neither signature seemed to be in
Phelan's handwriting. The betrayed and
turned-down Democrats of the Forty
fourth insist that skulduggery was em
ployed and Schimpf's name was taken In
The convention adjourned without in
struction to give any of the delegates cre
dentials. The secretary was not com
manded to certify the list chosen to the
State convention. Nothing was done in
a formal or regular manner.
The proceeding was a grand farce from
the start to the' tinlsh.- As a matter of
fact the seventy-five commltteemen pres
ent represented the Phelan element of the
Democratic party In San Francisco and
nothing else. The Democratic workers
and voters had no voice in the selection
of delegates to the State Convention. ¦
Charley Gets Slugged.
Delegates to the convention began to ar
rive in the basement of Native Sons' Hall
at 8 o'clock. The lirst event of the even-
Ing and which eclipsed anything else that
was said or done during the session that
followed was a fist fight between a lusty
Democrat named Ryan and one Gianninl.
Charles Fay attempted to act as referee
and peacemaker and received a right hook
in the mouth for his trouble. Tne battle
between Kyan and Gianninl was short and
decisive. Kyan upbraided Gianninl for cer
tain actions of the latter, which he
claimed were not worthy of a Democrat
or a gentleman. Having delivered him
self of this statement Mr. Ryan proceeded
to use his "dukes" and succeeded in muss
ing Mr. Giannini's pompadour and cravat.
The peacemaker. Fay, stepped between
the battling ones and earned the usual re
ward. Other Democrats sprang between
the contestants and hostilities ceased.
Ryan was escorted from the hall in tri
umph by his followers. Soon afterward
Sergeant Helms and Officer Wilson ap
peared, and It is due to their presence
that other fistic arguments were not held.
The preliminary sparring being con-
eluded, Chairman Maxwell called the del
egates to order.
Senator Samuel Braunhart moved that
each delegation in its proper order an
nounce its list of delegates to the* conven
tion to be held in Sacramento on June 14.
His motion prevailed and everything went
smoothly until the Thirty-eighih As
sembly District was called upon by
Secretary Finn to announce its se
lections. Chairman Lynch of that
delegation . arose and reeled off eight
names, among them being that of
Charles Fay. Lynch attempted to say
something further, but his talk was
nipped in -the bud by Leo Kaufmann, a
delegate from the Thirty-eighth, who re
nounced his affiliations by taking a seat
among the delegates of the Forty-fourth
District. Kaufmann raised his voice in
protest and Jt was heard above the din
which followed his recognition by the
chairman.
Kaufmann Charges Jobbery.
"I desire, to. challenge the vote of the
Thirty-eighth District," he yelled. "It Is
illegal and I will give my. grounds for it
being so. The votes of. the delegates of
that district have been procured by cor
ruption and I will prove it. In that dis
trict there are six do facto members of
this convention. These six members met
last night to select their delegates to the
Sacramento convention. To secure one
half of the delegation, two positions with
in the gift of the municipality have been
awarded to two of the gentlemen who
signed that list. One of them has received
Ills appointment within the last week. I
protest against the pollution of civil ser
vice, when It Is used to carry an Assem
bly district. I do not believe a taxpayer
of the city and county of San Francisco
should be called upon to pay for a vote
of a man who has selfish motives.
"At the meeting held last night at 1034
Golden Gate avenue, all six were present.
A decision could not be arrived at. "When
I saw the Impossibility of coming to an
agreement I offered to Charles Fay an
equal division of the delegation, which,
In my opinion and In the opinion of every
man who fair and just, was a fair propo
sition. It was rejected because a pre
ponderance of votes was wanted by Fay.
1 did not believe that it was a principle
of Democracy that a person should sacri
fice his conscience and his convictions for
the welfare of one man, whoever he might
be. I refused to accede to his demand.
Let me assure you that these votes were
divided in a very peculiar manner. Three
of them were Independent Democrats, en
gaged in business pursuits, and the other
three from corporations. It was another
fight of Democracy against trusts. We
could not agree. Since last night a
change has occurred. One of the dele
gates, employed by one of the largest cor
porations In this city, has seen fit to
change his vote and it occurs to me. as
it will occur to every other man, that
dubious means were used to get him to
cast his vote.
12
Few people In India eat more than twice
a day. and thousands only once.
Majsazlnes. music, any kind of boolcs bound
by us endure. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. . „ . ;.• 'J
$2 50 ladies' shoes for SI 50 a pair at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market St.*
3-Day Specials I
TflURSDAY,>FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS OUT 07
TOWN YOU COULD DO THEM A SER-
VICE BY SENDING US THEIR NAME3
FOR OUR CATALOGUES. "WHICH
POINT THE WAY TO THE CHEAP- *
EST AND MOST RELIABLE GRO-
CERY BUYING IN* THE STATE.
Hams, lb...... 13-lc
Choicest Eastern.
Regularly 15c.
Washing Powder, 3 pkgs 10c
Babbitt's 7S brand.
Usually sold at 8 for 25c..
Eclipse Champagne, qt. bot 90c
Arpad Haraszthy'a celebrated make.
Regularly $1.23. * . "
Eastern Cheese, lb 20c
- Finest Xew York Cream.
Regularly 23c.
French Castile Soap, bar 25c
Vlrsln brand.
Regularly 30c.
Wilson Rye Whiskey, bot 75c
Gallon $3.50
Purity guaranteed and can
therefore be safely recommended
for medicinal use.
R«gularly $1.00 and $3.00.
Preserves, 16-oz. jar 15c
Raspberry and Strawberry, new make.
Regularly 20c.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTEND-
ED TO
Freight prepaid -within 100 miles of Saa Fran-
cisco. ••=:.."-
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number It Stockton st)
TELEPHONE MAIN S—
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
f-Jjr^fe^---^^. Magnificent
H'SJEsS^ Lot
Upright
Thi« la a splendid opportunity to cbtaJn
a fine toned Instrument for very little
money. .
o,nd flv«» cents In atamps for ¦
on n«w furniture catalos.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
(ClT'tO23. MISSION STIfEET,
AHOVE SIXTH.
Fhocs Sostii 1*. Ssa Irueiseo.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes: liberal credit. M.' Rothschild, S26. Sutler.*
When that tired feeling comes, along, side-
track It' with' Jesse Moore • "AA"— the -.best
whiskey in the land. -"..-'¦.-
To-Day andJo-Morrow.
A lot of popular shades in COLORED UNDER-
SKIRTS ; some are slightly soiled from hand-
' ling; worth all the way from $1.00 to $2.00; to
be closed out at 40c each.
A chance buy of cloth enabled us to make up S
dozen BLACK AND NAVY BLUE SERGE
OVERSKIRTS. the kind usually- sold for $3.00;
on snle at 81.0S.
LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, the usual GOc
quality, on Bale at Site.
"We have Just 9 dozen long sleeves RICHELIEU
RIBBED VESTS, all sizes, our EOc quality;
on sale 33c.
All our CHILDREN'S CLOAKS: reefers in
woolen materials and pique, ail Elzes and
colors, we will sell to-day and to-morrow at
following prices: $5.00 quality will be sold for
$:t.J»r»; J4.C0 quality, sale price, $:t.2.~»; $3.50
quality, £2.75; $3.00 quality, $2.15; $2.50
Quality. flJ>5; $2.00 quality, 91.45.
COVERT CLOTH OVERSKIRTS, Just the thing
for home use, 75e. >
Just rtrelved one more lot of those 50c SILK
AND LISLE HOSE, Richelieu-ribbed; on sale
24c.
CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES, yoke
of nil over lace, bretelles trimmed with Val-
enciennes lace, usually sold at 75c; on sale
at 41>e.
LADIES' LAWN AFRONS. very wide and long.
4 tucks, trimmed with embroidery, worth 50c;
on sale IMo.
Only a. few dozen ' left— LADIES' PERCALE
WRAPPERS, all colors and sizes, worth $1.00;
/on sale tK)e.
Se« our LACE AND EMBROIDERY DISPLAY;
front windows: rare bargains to-day and to-
morrow In this deDartment.
Our CHILDREN'S AND INFANTS' WEAR
DEPARTMENT Is replete with all the bright-
est and newest things for the little ones and
cold at popular prices.
Visit our WRAPPER AND SKIRT DEPART-
MENT during these days and we'll astonish'
you at the good values offered there.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones..
MANUFACTURERS OP LADIES'. AND CHIL-
DREN'S WEAR.
SELL RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
Hale'a. I Hale'a.
ft we move to our grand new store present premises for rent- w ,n \X
S about September 1. subdmda to suit tenant, see fk
3 /?- .. f^S^- Umb *-n 5 Co. JT
J saving suggestions N^ g
A tho«e clever shoppers who watch Hale'a advertising 1 and attend Hala"a " (t
" sales will find much satisfaction and profit in to-day's selling J£
1 handkerchiefs ?
ivhpn two lots of such values as the fnllowine- are en Bale lt'-< «.-!*> v. m
5 stay there will be some little, good-natured crowding to-day at the tanj-
!y "1200 ladles' all pure linen hemstitched handkerchiefs as illustrated u
4 above, fresh and clean, each \: • 7 v • • " v, — •.•;•: 5c >S
i-C 100 doz. ladies' white cambric hemstitched handxprehief* n3 lllustrat 1 w
K above— on our center table until sold, each jg *<>
H cotton fabrics !ace curtains fa
X values that are quite apparent. - to be used nn narrow win<VT*— <> r i>
7.-.0 yards Japanese crepes. 27 Inches cut for half sash curtain3. which the W
wide light colors, lavender and pink'unequaled low prices permit. ,
stripes. the 12>i grade for. per| * <A
y var rt 3c 2<X> sinsle Nottingham lar«? cuT-.ilns
' 1*50 ynrds canton flannel. 29 Inches!— the balanep of a salesman's 5am- J
wide, the very heavy, fleecy k!nd, 10c;ples— 3 and W yards Ion? in nod Q*
quality, for, per yard Sc widths, to close. eacn...x.c. Cc and Cc t>
shirt waists . r
L an extraordinary sale of r»w chic waists.
r 200 doz. percale waists In all the latest colorlrss. made with Fr"r.~?i
)f or yoke bark, some plain, others braid trimmed. laundered- cellars a- 1
L/ cuffs, sizes 32 to 42, each 50c J
f walking skirts y
\ « chance lo procure a good seasonable skirt at a nominal rri^e. \ i
) 10 doz. ladies' crash walking skirts, made very full, with deer he-n, >w
perfect hanging, all sizes, each oCc \j
r percale wrappers >
¦f good patterns, good material, good workmanship and a phencmr^ally V
n low price. £7
> lined to waist, braid tr 4 .nmed. some made with ruffles over ¦boolden n
Jk others with deep flounce- on skirt, all sizes, all colors j: zj 1/
2 dress fabrics C
6 two very strong specials. J
9$ fancy cheviot, strictly all-wool In block and fancy mixtures, the coter frjLs
Jt assortment Is Incomplete, although there are some of the best preva:!ir>^ a^C
6" shades, and therefore we oft>r this 50e lot to close at. per yard Be ***
A. fancy suiting— nothing r.ore popular for outing wear than a covert gff»
or cheviot suiting, : and nothing more economical to buy than the 30-inch n
85c quality in blue, gray, tan, green and brown shades: offered now at, p A r Jt
yard - 43c *r
J the hosiery department Z^S^li^Ki^k. £ ae < J'f alu 3 r . bIacit «HWne J^
fr comes to the front to-day &2\ WH8&B&® hose: has the appearance 1/
4- with two surpassingly WfesSr <±^ of silk with the strength &P>
f" fine bargains. \d\ traS' of , J isle threafJ : eood rj
a~ i-n >. ™. <=^=> f!™ ,i^ I \ weight, extra Irns anl g<
f loO floz. misses nne no- / 'ijJK BKS 1 elaettr rtniihl^ «olp h»»! £.
g bed lisle finished hose, M MJj' and"ce. S's t° 10. for- 1
¦V extra long and elastic, ;W^!=x_ rrerlv sold at V,c natr >^V
J full seamless, deep glossy J^gLv- 5 SSlnotr. 6 wlr^to U
L. Mack, very dressy 6Jj ~^T^ the box (only soli this fr<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ / m. _ m
*""* *""*
X Judging by the way the people flecked into our men's t
jr suit room yesterday, there arc a lot of jitdges of good ?
X clothing in San Francisco— judges of what is swell, "j£
T judges of correctly tailor-midc clothes, of fine clothes at y
fr-i-i-M-H *i : i ii i :::m i i i :¦ >»*4-h<-*4-*^m-i-^^
ri I i * ? * Vi Vr* « it n Vi t * »*V»V " <T ? * • « • • . • • * * . • I » . * • * »% .i ir^J
' -.-••' ¦.--•'•"- - 4-
| We simply announced- yesterday that we xvould close t
'. out the balance of our spring suits— goods representing %
\ values up to SJ5.00. the choicest fabrics of the season. th$ *j*
. steeliest fabrics of the season, representing everything j!
• that's new, at _- *•.•-? = H*
: -m \m m *&J M M^Jr\Jr mam f
' AXD IT BROUGHT A CROWD. X
'. LEGITIMACY IS WAITED UPOX BY SUCCESS. X
• H I 1 I I-M'K»X-:-M"H"X"H"l"I- 4-4"I"l"I"X-I"l":"X":"!"X«-H"X"M-X"H'4-S
fwvn i VA i v* i n i "i i i iVi i r v ~ Trnv« nVtViiii in ivnv^
\ To-day is the samz story repeated. To-morrow, too, if j*
• the styles hold out. Of course the choicest things are the 3*
I first to go, as ijou welt h now. There ar a pi'.terns" styles and T
; ivorkmanthip in, these suits that give ihem a legitimate %
'. claim, to $2u.00 value?. We don't attempt exaggeration. 4-
• Our windows, the exhibit of these garments, bear out all *
I we claim for 'em. ~ "f
Efrv'H i v i X"I'V'I~X-I"X"X-X*v4- t r4' 4* *r •X^v»X-X^*X"X"X"X"^X'»X«4 < 4"H'fe
l/S) C°r.KEAP!NIY./T.
1 >^ *-^ion./quape Ave.
PAINLESS
j . DENTISTRY 1
4 ?••••••• •-»-•»?»••••»
Evenings until 9. Sundays all
a flay. ?
'. Full Set of Teeth, pain- k
T less extractions free..*4.OO up I ¦
Gold Crowns. 22-k $;i ..¦"•(> up "
1 Fillings «5oup "
1 Teeth Without Plates Our ' '
¦ Specialty. We give gas. "
"VAN VROOM,"\
tOOl MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
»
We Want You
To See
How Many
Beautiful Premiums
weGWe
With Tens.
With Coffee*.
With Spices. '
With ICx tracts.
with Soda.
Wltii naUInj; Powder.
Como Just to Look.
Great ¦ Americai Imponiag Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORtb-
1I0-&12 Grant Avt, U»et. Sutler and I'oit).
Ml Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
KG Hayes St. 1\% ThlrJ Et-
1418 Polk St. fji Montirom^ry At*
?M6 MUslon St. 705 iJirkln St.
TCC6 Sixteenth St. ISM llevlMdera St.
1« Ninth St. 47S Halrht St.
W0S FlUmor* 9t. rJK5 Ml»l"n St.
12 Market St. ¦ 2732 1Mb St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1C5J Washington du «H K. Uth St.
1*37 Broadway. 11SJ ?M Avt. •••
l£10 &cvtntta at. Uii J V-li St.. Alameda.