riding whip in hand went straight (".otto
to^see Shipley; I She found him near where
the American; Hotel now stands and grave
him as many hard cuts across the face as
she could until Shipley, , who was a large
man and ; . towered above her, causht the
whip and '; wrenched it from her grasp.
¦ "Another time she came here and found
a man playing with her bears. She ordered
him from the premises. He told her to go
to Hades, and she ran into the house and,
coming out with a'< loaded musket in ; her
little hands, chased htm down Mill street.
When one of her J ;bears died her grief
was Inconsolablej f or ' a few days. Once,
when'she heard that. a* Methodist clergy
man named Wilson, had spoken of her as
a shameless devil in the guise of a beau
tiful and fascinating? dancer. , shevwciit
home, dressed jln : her^ old-time dancing
garb. with. very. short.Tleecy skirts and a
low-Tieckedand sleeveless waist and'lonsr
silk stockings, and putting ion a pair, of
heavy " shoes, .walked? calmly down ,the
street; to the pastor's . house, knocked : at
the front door and asked for Rev, Mr.
Wilson. Mrs.%Wilson was simply para
lyzed to have a«.caller so^dressed at her
house and • could ""not^Vpeak. "When-Mr.
Wilson; came In his parlor the -Countess
told. him she had com© to show the gen-
; tleman how really modest. the dress of a
stage dancer was and asked him to tell
her wherein her deviltry existed. A shott
time after she repented her act and sent
{ a- good money donation" to* the pastor's
• family as a peace offering.
'"There were some excellent traits In
Lola- Montez. She was easily moved to
help the poor and suffering, and she had
devotion for a good woman who had a
mean husband and an unhappy home. She
-once told 'me the noblest thing In all. the.
world was a good mother and a true wife.
" "Along ir> IKS the Countess' money was
running low. The nephews of Victor Hugo
went back to \ France; the many young
men were tired of the salons. All the ¦
songs that the company knew in the four
languages that the Countess spoke pro
ficiently had been : sung threadbare, tho
musical instruments had become' well •
worn and there was not a new story to be
told, a humorous or pathetic recitation to
: be made and no original jokes remained
to be cracked. The Countess plainly was
" restless ¦ to return to her former life -of
"gayety,.and- the letters she had always
received from admirers in Paris" and Lun- ¦
don gave, her reason £0 believe she might
'*be -a-f avorite* ln"Europe ' again." "* A" letter '
from 'a friend urged her to come to Mel
bourne, Australia, where the new gold
but a few day\ altogether) with Mrs.
Samuel King at Sacramento. Mrs. King
was the wife of a rich gold miner, and
she wanted to adopt the baby, but tha
mother for some eccentric reason would
not listen to such a proposition. When
Lola Montez sailed out of the Golden Gats
for the Antipodes she sent a message to
Mrs. King that the baby girl would ba
claimed In a year or two more. Mrs. King
was delighted never to hear from the un
natural mother again. Later the Kings
moved to Portland. Or., where Rosalind
King was given all the advantages of a
fln^ home, a thorough schooling and was
tenderly loved by her foster parents. Sha
never spoke of her mother, and she re
sented the way her own mothei*had cast
her off. She inherited the Lola Montez eyes
and physical outlines, but she bad her
father's sober expression and serious
ways. She * was an exceptional pianist.
She married Louis Devereaux, a scion of
an old aristocratic family ln> New Orleans,
in her eighteenth year, and after a long
tour ln-Europe sfce'and her husband set
tled In the City of Mexico and removed to
New Orleans three years ago. There Mrs.
Devereaux died, leaving" two children?
probably the only^descendants of the moat
famous European beauty of forty -five anil
fifty years ago. - \ : "
decade that made Lola Montez turn with
such fondness to a life In a mining town
such as Grass Valley.
"Of course, every one in Grass Valley
wanted to see. Lola Montez dance and in
'the' course of a week an entertainment
was arranged in the old Alta Hall, In tha
sjcond story of a building- that had a
large saloon downstairs. The seats were
?5 each and there were a few rows of
chairs In front that were listed at $10 each.
The whole house was sold In. a day and
there was such a call 'for another enter
tainment that" a few evenings later the
second 'dancing was given at the same
¦ schedule of prices to another packed
house. That was the last public perform
anc that the young woman ever gave In
California. .
v "In the course of a. fortnight the Count
.ess'leased thelittle Strottenberg cottage
on what is' now. Mill', street^ It .was' a
cross between a rude mountain trail and
a country^ street, in those days.
"Tho Cquntess .Introduced the evening
salons at Grass Valley. She had to.be in
a v:riirl of some social -excitement all the
time," much as^she claimed, and at times,
believed, she really "loved the peace and
quiet' of a secluded cottage. • Every one In,
Nevada County knew about the pretty
French" .woman's 'fandangos/ as. they,
were* enviously, called j by the hundreds of
persons who craved an invitation to them;
Only a year or so ago United States Sen-!
ctor *W. f M.'* Stewart of Nevada chatted
with.' me about Lola-Mohtez's salons, and
how he used .to , count the -days between
eaphTsalon. for he was often asked to Join
them. ""-..'.. ',.-¦• ¦_¦¦'¦-¦'¦•'.. :,
"One. day she had a war of words with
a 'local editor -named; Shipley, about- an
article ¦ on^ some ! local . subject. The next
week Shipley, published an item'insinuat
ing that; the- meetings ¦ at the Countess*,
home i were : disgracef uf,;: As soon as the
Couqtesa saw the item she dressed ;her
self lni her .. riding? habit and with her
This phase of life had a' fascinatirfg.'In
tcrest for Lola Montez. She e's^aMtshed
a home there, which is still pointed out' to
visitors in the town. j .v>Y v - ". ' \
Mrs. Dora Knapp, who recently} died. at
Ontario, C3l.. was the closest to* Lola
Montez of any one in California! ': Shortly
before her death Mrs. Knapp, had* a talk
with tlie writer of these lines concerning
the life of the famous' beauty: and dancer
in the mlninp town of Grass Valley. 'Mrs.
Knapp spoke as follows: .. -V .'
"We knew. Lola Mcntez as the Countess
of Lansfeldt,,a title that the King-, of
Bavaria conferred on her. She was angry
If any one referred to her as Lola Monu.z
in her home and shfc' said, she did not
want to be known as Mrs. Pat Hull.. Yes/
the Countess was a marvelously beautiful*
.woman.' She had dark blue eyes, a wealth,
of Thrown hair, an olive complexion, a
graceful, plump figure and the -most
. shapely, neck 'and arms I have ever seen.
Her vivacity was infectious. She ,was
quick to anger, and her devotion wasals
extreme as her hate. The very* day' the
Countess arrived in the ramshackle ' otd
stage ccach in -Grass Valley she •vyas"
pleased with the place. She never kept
anything back that came into her mind,
and w e knew from. her_manners that .she
had come to "the very locality she .had
longed for.- vThe opinion. obtain* that .Lola
•Montez went to live in Grass Valley be-,
cause she was too poor to live respectably
in a large ciiy or among fashionable peo
ple. While she was subsequently quite
poor,. it is not true* that she* was financial
ly embarrassed in Grass' Valley." She had
at that -time at least $14,000 to her. credit
in New, York and San Francisco, banks, /.
and I know, she frequently, had .''.letters ;
from titled gentlemen In Europe begging
her to comeJthere-and live off their, rich
bounty. ' It .was simply, because she s was
weary of splendor and 'fast living of the
people whom she had: known Tor. nearly a
weeks later to Sacramento. -It seems that
there the bride met an agent sent to Cal
ifornia by King Louis of Bavaria, bear
ing a request for the beauty to return to
Paris. Pat get mad about his wife re
ceiving messages from oJd admirers and
In a war of words his clothing and per
sonal belonging were thrown from the
second-story window of the Golden Eaglo
Hotel in Sacramento and his wife bade
him begone. Pat returned to San Fran
cisco and obtained a divorce as soon au
the law permitted.
. At about that time Lola Montez met in
Sacramento , two old friends of hers. Mr.
and Mrs. George Knapp. whom she knew
in New York, and with whom she came to
California. They were living in the raw
new mining town of Grass Valley, away
up in the Sierras, in Nevada ;. County.
They, too, Invited her to visit them. there.
The young woman accepted, and, strange
to say. she fell in love with the rude wild
town at once. There were but few well
built houses there then, and not over half
a dozen of them had more than three
rooms each. Most of the houses and
stores were built of rough redwood
boards. There were over 2500 red-shirted
men In town and about 200 women. There
pever was a more democratic community.
Every one made money and bpent.it. 1 ' In
the population were eons of some of the
best American and European families.
v» .iey had come there to dig -riches in" the
mountains. There were two '.nephews of
Victor Hugo, from Paris; a son of Sena
tor Foote of Mississippi, a son of Moses
Grinnell of New_York and a nephew of
Charles Sumner. Graduatcs-frora Ox
ford and Harvard associated with Igno
rant Mexicans and refugees, *r o 5. Justice.
130 «ach. Th* whole BOose at the first
performance sold for about JJ'V**. and had
Jt been a? lartre as almost any of the bet
ter theaters in the large cities to-day the
pale would have undoubtedly been $7001
?r J-?f*Xt. When the dancer appeared to
perform her famous s pi <?t dance the aud
lonce rose as one -person and shook the
building, with v tumultuous app'.ause.
The plot was'a part of -her own life, among
tfcp nobility in Bararta und •Wurtemberg.
Thrre were Fix performers in the drama.
Lola Monte* was gorgeously gowned
that r.ipht nnfl In excellent humor, but
when the «vhors of the burst of extrava
r-int aprla'ise dif-d away the audience
was disenchanted. The play proceeded
tamely. The rpidcr dance was given- sev-
era! times and suddenly thore were no
further, cr.mres. Lola Montez saw that
Fh<» had been ovrradvcrtlsod. Six more
performances \ to fair audiences were
p:vrn and then there being no further
cVnard for teats the engagement closed.
Fhf frp«>nt the little fortune as quickly as
fhe. gathered it.
Ev^ry'one' admitted that she was a most
fascinatir.fr and beautiful young woman,
v.bo had ha«i. wonderful opportunities to
berorre the brilliant conversationalist she
was. but the public looked upon her as an
adventuress, who cared only to harvest
& lot of California poldon dollars and then
Ball away to ether climes. Among the
champions of the woman was a youliff
Irish editor. Pat Hull of San Francisco.
U« and Lola became best friends. She
eaid Pat was the best story-teller she ever
know. Pat. had been a stump speaker in
Ohio and Pennsylvania in the campaign
cf IMS and President Taylor appointed him
to come to the Territory of California and
supervise the census of 1SS0. Pat liked the
country and became an editor in -€an
Francisco. He had the proverbial Irish
wit and his audacity pleased Lola Montez.
He was not at all good-looking and was
¦T-louchy in h!s dress. £o when it was an
r.ounced in. November. 1SH3. that he and
Lola had married there was a sensation
In the city. Pat and Lola went to Mon
terey en their wedding tour and a few
mmrs had created the liveliest kind ef
people. So In the winter of 1J56-57 she sold
her property in Grass Valley asd sailed
from San Francisco for Australia. I
heard from her several times In Austra
lia and subsequently la Bombay and
Cairo."
A fact not generally known among th«
millions of ,^eople who have heard and
read of the wonderful beauty of Lola
Montez is that she left one child in Cali
fornia, a daughter. Rosalind Hull, who
died last January In New Orleans at the
age ox 44 years. The father was Patrick
Hull, and when Lola Montez went to Aus
'tralla she left her baby girl (whom shs
barely knew herself and had sever Btma
DESTROYED
P=jp3HE little weather-beaten house
where the famous professional
ii beauty and the most celebrated bal-
let dancer of her day. Lola Montex.
lived for nearly three yean in Grass Val
ley. Nevada County. Cal.. is about to be
removed to cake way for a'modern struc
ture.
Among all the strange people who have
fit ecrae tlSM dwelt In California there's
rone so eccentric as the beautiful, viva
cious Lola Mor.tcz was. There are anec
dotes almost without number throughout
LhJs State concerning th« ur.i<jue life that
eh© led In th* rough' and tough mining
camp cf Grass Valley. AH the gray
haired men who were once youths and
yotffig men Iti the early m'.nlng camps of
Central California have \-.vld recollec
tions of the excitement that pervaded San
rrar.cisco and ail the reining towns when
Lola Montez came from New York across
the Isthmus of Panama to the Golden
State in the early summer of ISM.
At that time San Francisco was a city of
ab.out 20.000 people, and it was the grayest,
liveliest and most extravagant city of its
size In the world. Lola Monte* had heard
of the golden dollars in the new El Do
rado and sent her manager to San Fran
cisco to arrange a series of dancing per
formacces for her in th© larger towns of
California. No theatrical or operatic star
•ver had the reception In this State that
Lola Montez had. y ; .* "".
When the steamer bearing the dancer
and her party reached the wharf at San
Francisco over MOO people were gathered
to greet her. For days there had been
litf.e talked of other than the coming of
the most fascinating and vivacious wo
man in all Europe. When she descended
t! ¦ <r.-.r.j? pJank front the steamer and was
ped to an open < arri.ige the multitude
cheered as if for a popular potentate.
Hundreds of men ran excitedly on foot
alongside cf and at the hack of the car
riage white I>:Ja Mcntez was driven to
her hotel. For days there were throngs
of m<-?i <:cr.star.lly in the streets about
the hotel, wziting a chance to see the
cell orated !;eautjr. Seats at the rid Amer
ican Theater, on the corner cf Sansome
«tr.d Halleck streets, where she appeared
were ecld it prices ranging from J7 to
fl.SOUT TO BE
CAUFORNT*
HOMS
HCR do
THE STORY
OF LOLA MONTEZsons is much smaller, than Is generally
supposed, there being only about fifty in
the entire United States. „ The education
of these is of course extremely, difficult
and it Is not often that they are put'com
pletely in- communication: with the outer
world. There are of course ¦ some excep«
tlons; notably.. Helen r Kellar, ..who, al«
though deaf and dumb and blind. Is phe
nomenally bright. '¦ She is • now attending
Radcliffe College in the East."
Tho blind are educated in classes separ*
Oakland to Berkeley, and since then It
has gone on with its work of fitting the
State's unfortunates for the struggle for
life in the classical shades of the college
town.
Ar.d In this work it has succeeded to a
wonderful degree. The list of those who
entered Us portals helpless and cut off
from communication with their fellow
men. and who went forth independent, to
•win not only livelihood but honor and
fortune, includes names well lyiown in
literature, music and art Douglas Til
den, the deaf and mute sculptor who won
recognition In Paris and who now occu
pies the chair of sculpturing at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, is one of these.
Christine Labarraque. the blind girl
who received degrees from the State Uni
versity and the Hastings College of Law
and has elnce won for herself an enviable
place la the literary world, 1b another.
She opened a desk and produced a
typewriter. ¦ .' •
"Now dictate something," she said.
I dictated and she clicked it off as
rapidly and perhaps a trifle more ac
curately than the average typewriter
girl.
Only Qnce, when I referred to the
pupils of the Institution as "Inmates,"
•he turned on me with a pained look.
"Don't call us "inmates/ Just as
though this were a lunatic asylum or
% home' for the. feeble minded. This
Is a school for the training of the deaf 1
and the blind and we are no more
•inmates' than are university stu
dents. I don't see why people can
never realize this." ' -
AA-lsitor sometimes makes this mistake
the pet of the euperlntenflerit and the
teachers, ' and the friend arid - mentor- of
her fellows In affliction.
"S«e Miss Mast? -Certainly,"- answered
Superintendent Warring .Wilkinsons to my
request. "There she is now; .taking her
afternoon stroll. Gussle!" :¦-.:¦".. '•>.-'
While the blind girl slowly' but;.uner
ringly picked her way to- the office, the
venerable 'superintendent' told, nie many
thirujs about her. .',-¦.- . ' .
"She lost' the-. Eight of .both ; her eyes
through sickness when she was a child/ of
7. Then she came here and from the first
showed wonderful aptitude. She evinced
musical ability and means were furnished
her to cultivate her voice. She has a
. on his arrival, but he usually learns better
after he has been there an hour. There is
nothing about the place to suggest either
the asylum or the "home." The -large,
¦well-kept grounds are .'filled- with" little,
knots of blind boys or girls strolling about
—the blind always go about In twos and
threes. There are no bars, on the' windows
or heavy locks on- the doors. Every
where Is the cleanliness and comfort of a
well-kept boarding-school. And of per
sonal freedom the pupils are given as
much as they can use.
Gussle Mast is a talkative little woman.
-perfectly willing to discuss anything but
herself. On that subject she is brief and
rather excessively to the point.
pupil runs a finger along the surface and
reads the music as readily as a seeing per
son, reads written music." ...
¦ "It must requh-e wonderful delicacy of
tooch," I ventured.
In reply she brought down a volume of
Swift, printed with raised characters.
Then she spread a handkerchief over the
page nnd-rend through it with her linger
as rapidly a§ the average person reads
with the eye. Then she doubled the hand
kerchief to two, then four,, thicknesses,
still continuing to read through It. with''
considerable readiness.. ""¦
"You see, 1 ' she said, by way of explana
tion, "the ability to' read does not depend
upon any especial delicacy in the, texture
of the skin or on any abnormal nerve'eeri
ters in the fingers; .'¦ We feel Just. what you
feel, but we know how to interpret it bet
ter." ¦ • . : .
Then she s«t down to. a piano and sang.
It was a simple little ballad, yet; at 'the
sound of her rich, sympathetic -soprano
the". listener "could not: help butrecognlze
that the singer is an artist at soul and
that the praises that have been showered
bo generously upon: her. were tributes, not
to her blindness but to her genius. But
for her blindness who knows to what
heigh/s she may not attain. And ' who
knows to what heights she may not at
tain In spite of it?
And how does this institution for the
training of the deaf and dumb and blind
do Its'. work?
Its first and principal equipment is an
infinite patience on the part of the
teachers. From all parts of the State
come boys and girls between the ages of
7 or 12, deprived of one. or more senses.
Then the first task is to establish some.
mode of communication between the pupil
and the outside world. In the case of
those who are deprived only of sight this
Is a comparatively easy task. They ; can
hear and use spoken • words And -their
mode of thought is the same as that of
others. Their education; . then, consists
ot an acquirement of tho knack of read-
Ing raised letters. This once- mastered
they have at their disposal a library of
about 1000 volumes, including , all tha
standard works. By this means they are
given a course in general culture, and If
they show any disposition for it, in music.
The .blind pupil graduating from the in
stitution at 20 has a. knowledge of alge
bra, geometry, geography, history, gram
mar, literature, languages and all the
otner branches that go to make up a gear
eral education.
In the case of the deaf-mute it la far
different. Ho . has , no '\ comprehension of
language until by slow and laborious pro
cesses it is Imparted to him. This Is in
variably a matter of no small difficulty.
"I know of nothing harder," said Super
intendent Wilkinson, ."than to teach a
mind accustomed entirely to a sign lan
guage, and having no comprehension of
abstract ideas apart from things,' to think
In terms of words Instead of in: terms of
concrete objects. -Itis'always hardest at
tho beginning. The pupil comes here often
with no conception of language, w'ith a
mental Hfo mude up : entirely of sight
Images. means of pictures and objects
we gradually teach them the use of print
ed substantives. Then by taking these
name-words to pieces we get at the alpha
bet. This is the most difficult part of the
process and often takes many y«ars. Af
ter the alphabet is mastered we teach
them word formation and their education
becomes vastly simplified after they learn
to understand printed -language. -
"Imagine trying to Inculcate an ab
stract, idea of morality or: the existence
of-a'God Into a mipd which depends en
tirely upon sense perception for ideas. - .' It
is almost impossible. The primitive sign
language, which they form for themselves,
thelr loss Is taken away. But faw an re
call anything of the world of sight and
hearing and there Is bat llttl* regret.
Yet the visitor as he moves among tnem
and sees the formless faces of those wno
have been blind from infancy and have
never learned how to control the expres-
Eions of the countenance and hears the in
articulate, beastlike cries of tha dxunD a
play cannot help realize that he la among
the afflicted.
has no expression for other
than' concrete objects of
sense, and a human being de
'¦ pendent 'upon the material
world about him for all his
• knowledge Is but little above
the plane of the animal. But
the moment they begin to un
derstand written language It
becomes possible to convey
Ideas, and their edu
'cation progresses rapidly. :
"Hence, you see that con-"
trary to the general notion,
the deaf are at first much
more helpless than the blind.
Dumbness Is not an, affection
of the voice, but an ignoranca.
of how to-iise the voice on'
account of deafness from In
_ fancy. We are slowly.evolv
ing a method s of, teaching the
deaf, how to use the voice, !
and^if it ever becomes per
fected to any extent dumb
ness will be a thing of the •
-past. ,, Whenever it" is possl
..ble, . we X teach -the pupils lip'. '¦
reading, and with 1 .' those who
take readily to* It* lip) reading -
takes.the place of. hearing to,
some extent.' j The number- of .
deaf and dumb and blind -per-
hood, . wnlle the little blind boys gather
around and listen, still as statues.
With .the deaf and dumb life Is a far
different matter. Once educated up to the
point where they can understand lan
guage, they are placed very nearly on a
par with the outside world. The girls
study, sew, embroider, and In their play
hours amuse with dolls, see-saw, house-
ate from tne deaf and dumb and lead
for the most part. a separate existence.
Their affliction prohibits any active out
door exercise, and , their energies ar«
turned thiefly ¦ to "music Only Bonaetlmea
during play hours may they be seen wan-'
I dering about the grounds In little groups
oreunrflng themselves on some doorstep.
Living, as they do In an eternal night,
they are yet extraordinarily sensitive to
sunlight *and seek It upon every oppor
tunity.
• Of course they have their characters.
One especially. Rosendo Uruchuetu. a tall,
dark Mexican - boy, with close-cropped
hair and horrible sightless eyes, is well
known for 'his unique personality. Too
lazy and listless to make much progress
In the training school, he is yet a genius
in' the production at curious music and
/realc musical instruments, put of old
medicine bottles and pieces of scrap iron
he creates uncanny implements on which
he plays Hhe .wild, romantic airs of his
native Mexico." But the mandolin is his
favorite instrument, and of that he 13
thorough master. Often he will sit for
hours thrumming off with vast sympathy
and I eelinp «-*>•« familiar airs of bis child-
IN this work-a-day world of ours the
average person dowered with nature's
full complement of five senses often
has considerable difficulty In training
a foothold on the ladder to fame an.l
jrosperity.
In the college town across the bay ther^
s an institution the object of which is
0 educate the unfortunates whom nature
ms endowed with bat four senses to a
jsefulness equal to their live-sensed
srethren.
NePiled in a UttJe hollow at the foot of
he Berkeley hills Jt lies and Its towers
ook down upon the bay and the cluster
)f busy cities around It. But it is Itself
1 thins apart from theee. a world by
ts=e!f. For seme it In a world of eternal
light .in<1 a world of eternal silence for
some— for hen* dwell nature's afflicted
ines. the deaf, the mute and the blind.
The State of California Is a eenerous
noth<T nrid forty years ago, before she
¦ad yet <-stal)iished the State University.
he decreed that a school for the training
if the deaf and the blind should be found
>d and maintained at her expense. ]n
«T0 this State institution for the deaf ami
i'jcib ar.d the blind was moved from
JAnd then there is Newell Perry,
the blind professor of mathematics
at the State University; Seymour
Redmond, the deaf .and mute
painter of Los Angeles; Theodore
Grady, the deaf and dumb lawyer;
Cecil Smith, the blind student,
who, afteiv winning scholarship honors In
rtie Kas t, returned broken down in health
to die in his native State. And Gussle-
Mart — who Is there that has listened to
this blind girl's wonderful voice without
predicting for her a future full of honor in
hor chosen vocation?
Gussle Mast Is a singer of rare sweet
ness and power, but she la more than'
that: she Is a character. Left sightless*
in her, infancy, she has acquired through
sheer persistence and ability the gifts and
knowledge that nature freely gives to
others as a. birthright. LJke another
Helen Kellar, she has surmounted obsta
cles that appear 'insurmountable. And
the beauty of It all is that In her strug
gle against the handicap of blindness her
nature has" . iTPcomo sweetened and
stnnprthenrd, not soured, and she is to
day to all who know her pn object lesson
of what persevertance and honest effort
ran accomplish when matched against
overw helming odds.
Gufsle Maetlla a favorite in San Fran
cisco and Oakland, where she has fre
quently sung at church concerts and en
ttrt a laments/ To fay that she Is a fa
vorite in the institution at Berkeley
would be putting it mildly. There she if
class of blind pupils in music and I'm not
sure but -what her blindness is an aid
rather, than a drawback In that work—
'she sgeraii to understand her pupils so
thoroughly. Besides that, she attends to
my correspondence and keeps up her
stndy of music. She is a girl of wonder
fully swept disposition and we are all very
fond of her."
Then the door opened and she came in—
a little woman with golden hair, a cheery
smile and eyes that stare appeallngly at
the nothingness before her.
Any one who thinks that blindness puts
an end to work orusefulness should have
half an hour's chat with Gussle Mast.
"No, of course I .can't read letters," v she
said in aswer to a question how she at- .
tends to the office correspondence of the
Institution, "hut I can answer them after
they are read to me."
"I became blind when I was 7 years old. Yes,
I. remember everything with perfect distinctness
-^colors and— and everything. No, I have no es
pecial plans for the future. I shall probably
stay here and continue my study of music po-
I get all my music by ear? Oh, by no means.
We have a special touch notation for < music.
Come up to the library and I'll show it to you'"'
She led me through a series of . halls and
stairways with an unhesitating certainty.;
"See. this is an exercise book. These little:'
raised points on the page are arranged In. dif
ferent ways to represent different notes. Tha
| keeping and quarrel very much as girls
of all conditions do. Except for an ap
pealing look of dumbness In their eyes
they are bright and pretty each after her
owi; manner, after the fashion of all girls.
And the boys— areitjoys. Although un
able ;o enjoy the n$s« that, forms so
prominent a part of tile young man's en
joyment they make" up Tor It In gestures
and activity. The larger pupils have a
baseball team, which has often proved
more than a match for the amateur trams
about the* bay. But their life is not all
play. T/iere is a manual training depart
ment which teaches carpentering, cabinet
making and printing. The young carpen
ters supply the institution with furniture
and frequently large order* from the out
side. The printers putli^h a little paper.
the California News, which circulates
among the friends ar.d patrons of the In
stitution. Here ar^ some sample items
from the New*:
: MANY
I lOPLL -
WITH BUT
TOUR*
QFMSFS
TAMOLIS
\ ?/ # I 1 I -¦" ill
P THEIR
BET! ER
ENDOWED
BRETHREN :
EAIL
EDUCATING AND DEVELOPING THE MINDS OF THE DEAF AND BLIND
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
~jofca nweerman fcas * sere finger and
bo he cannot remember hl3 lessons tlU It
rets well.» for he studies by spelling out
all he reads."
"Adolph Hartman made up some base
ball rhymes which go very well In sign's,
but I ¦will wager anything I have he would
not have any success if he tried to trans
late them Into English."
"Rita Alviso wants to have perfect les
sons. During the stu<!y hours she reads
her lessons In the corner r>t the room In
spite of the poor light. The KlrLs can't
bother her there. Uzzie nor.calli got tired
of noticing the sign-making the talkative
girls do, so she made an eyeshade six
Inches wide from a nev.spaper to help her
keep her eyes on her book."
Withal their, lives are not unhappy ones.
They go through their regular routine of
study, work and play, surrounded by their
fellows In affliction, and thus the sting ofeleven. His r.ervn came up with .i rush
and he ripped holes through th« Varsity
line, making two touchdowns all by him
self before he was put back In his old
place. The coaches had no cause to re
gret It. because he won the intercollegiate
..game that year by breaking through an>l
blocking a kick, scorlnsr . the only point
made. Flekerf was afterward football
captain, junior president of hN class and
student body treasurer, and holds tho col
lege record for the hammer throw. He 1*
now a lawyer In San Francisco. Carle was
a woncier in physique. He was so heavily
muscled that he' seemed to be fat: but so
agile that he could tumble In the gymna
sium with the best of the little men. It
Is el:iimr?d that during his three years on
the university team no opponent ever
made more than three yards through his
position. He Is now in the mining busi
ness in Oregon. "Heff" Williams, the red
headed center, was the smallest of the
trio, but suffered little in comparison. He
used to accompany Dr. Jordan on his sci
entific expeditions and is still remembered
with awe In Sonora. Mexico, as the
"gringo Colorado" (the red-headed foreign
er*, owing to one of his feats of strength.
While the scientific party . was making
collections on the beach they were,ham
pered by the prying curiosity of a crowd
of natives. Persuasion was tried, without
avail, and Williams, losing his temper,
picked up one of the crowd by the legs,
swung him around his head hammer
fashion and cleared out the intruders in
short order. He Is making a success in
medicine in the East.
Perhaps the most celebrated character
in college was "Jack" Rice, otherwise
known as "Pettams." the stout little tac
kle of the teams of 1S26 and 1SS7. Rice
was the wit of the college In his day. The
expressions which he originated are a
part of the student vocabulary. It Is re
corded that he never was beaten In a
wit contest. Stanford men of the older
generation Invariably smile when they
see the Lotta Fountain at the recollec
tion of bis encounter with one of San
Francisco's finest. It was the evening
after a football victory and he was found
throwing Btones at the historic land
marls. "Here!" said the policeman; "don't
his veins. The Indian showed In his taci
turn disposition. Jeff & never spoke unless
spoken to. When he was "getting up his
nerve" for a hard play his opponent al-
ways knew It by a quiet. Indian smile
which used to make a crack in his dark
face. Chester Thomas, who played next
to him In the line, will be remembered in
San Francisco ?<? the fall first sergeant
of Company K. First 'California. Thomas
fought through ttiv Spanish war with dis
tinction, was invalided home before the
Filipino outbirak and refused a commis
sion in order to go into the mining busi
ness. -.* . :*
[Track athletics has always been the
weakest Jlraneh of sport at Stanford, al-~
though there have been some good indi
viduals. Charles Dole, nephew of the
President of Hawaii, was probably the
best all-round man on the ccist. he hav
ing taken third place In a national con
test. He ha3 scored as many a3 fifteen
points in an intercollegiate field day. The ;
Doles at Stanford are like the Woolseys
at Berkeley— there has been one there,
brother or sister, ever since the college
was opened, and all the men were ath
letes. It runs in the family, two of the
older, brothers having been Cornell foot
ball and rowing men. Dole the- second Is
known as "Guiby" Dole, owing to his feat
of holding dewn Gulberson. a Berkeley
player who outweighed him by seventy
pounds, in a freshman football game.
Dole the second was. with the First Cali
fornia Regiment in the Philippines and
cams back with, th* athletic "«iaam'»
pretty well taken out of hir/i bv the cli
mate. The third of the tr^.a was a fresh
man this year, and showed promise as a
track athlete. No Stanford man ever did
more things in college than "Evvy"
Smith, the mile runner, the successor of
••Dave" Brown as college champion. Ha
was a working student. earn!n~ " every
cent of his way through. In his senior
year Smith, besides keeping up his stud
ies, capta'ner] the track team, edited nnd
managed the college dally ami found tim*
for social duties. Smith is now a subdued
reporter on a San Franeiio paper, ar.d
says that his only remembrance of his oli
glory comes when some Sun Francisco
small boy who knows his rrcorda yens out
after him, "Hey. Smitlciy. git out and run
fer us :'*.-*•.-¦
The Stanford basebnl! team of the f!r3t
three or four years was one of the strong
est amateur nines in the country and was
practically undefeated while it remained
intact. In' its last year there were three
batteries of almost equal merit in Weldoa
and Davey. Campbell and Bumit'.er and
McLaine and Walton. Of the catchers.
Bumiller was probably the most able, all
thin?r considered. H? weighed but lit
tle over a hundred pounds and was slight
and apparently weak, but he caught like
ft giant, and could take almost any speed
from a pitcher owins to the wonderful
manner in which he handled himself.
With size and strength, he could have
been anything he wished to be fn athlet
ics. McLainc iasted over into other days.
He pitched four years and ixeref lost a
series. The finish of his baseball career
was a heart-diseas»> game, the deciding
nne of a series, played at San Jose. He
practically won it by his cool pitching
ami opportune batting, ar.l started tha
wliol«» university to singln; after "Carolua
Atrer":
"The pride of the college is Billy Mc-
Lainc."
Since that day the 1300 triumvirat9.
Strohn. Loughe^d and 1-anuRan, have
been the most notable baseball combina
tion. Strohn end Lougheerl can play any
position on a bast-ball t^am. and have
been called upon to do about everything
except pitch in the four years of their
career. I.ar.aj?an has tv/irler! for the team
In the last two seasons, having been
drawn into the game to till a place left
vacant by the death of George Beckett.
Laragan and Strohn arc musicians ar.d
stars of the glee club tours. Lougheed
is another example of an athlete who has
worked his way through. Their with
drawal from the game leaves a big hole
in the Stanford team.
No more interesting character than "Wil
liam Wesley Burnett, known popularly as
"Babe." ever chased the pig£kin. Ha ia
a survival of the older days, hla collesa
career having been broken into by enlist
ment in the war, and he will captain the
team next fall. Us was brought up as a -
cowboy In Southern California, and had
more adventures in the space before he
started for an education than come in the
average lifetime. In walk, in carriage. In
accent and manner, he S3 still a represen
tative ot the best type cf Western "cow
puncher." Burnett came out on the foot
ball Held in his freshman year only three
or four weeks before the Intercollegiate
game, and developed such cyclonic play
that, had the season been a week or two
longer, he wouW surely have crowded oft
one of the experienced mea opposed tq
him.
V N" college, the athlete "tariffs alone;
t| th<?re }s no one t~*si<3e him. Son;* "tie
I] ask*>i an cM Yale enthusiast: "Who
Is the greatest man in The university?"
"The football captain." "And who
rext?" "Oh. the baseball captain or the
Ftreke car. I guess.*? "And after that?"
"Probably the star track man." "And
r*xt?" "There is no noxt." This ex
prer?es ih« student view of the athlete.
eEpecii»'ly if he nappes to bo a good fd
low—and athletes are generally good fel
lows.
The ath>t»» live? in an atmosphere of
banquets and adu!2iion. The college corr.c3
cut to practice every night to watch him
perform ar.d to rheT his efforts. The pro
fessors. unWs They arc of the variety
known to the as "black
hearted," forget bla small sir.s and defi
ciencies- When he invades the city, tho
populace comes out to cheer his efforts.
and society opens Its golden portals ami
enfolds him. Why it is that all this doe:!
net spoil him. r.t the time has never been
explained. But it doesn't. The swell
headed athlete is the' exception, the mod
est one the rule.
After graduation all change?. That
plurjre Into the cold, cold world, hard
enough for any college man, is doubly
hard fcr him because of the exaltf-d rat
lag 1 at which fee has been taken in his four
years* course. His athletic ability will
net even get him a situation. Ar.d If ho
Is successful in after life, he Is seldom
remembered in connection with his ath
letic ¦work- Kew San Franciscans know
that the "L»- Carey"* of a local bookhous^
Is the Luther Carey who held the world's
records in the pprints for many yearo
and who, after defeating all the best
amateurs of this country, went abroad
ar.d defeated the flower of England an.l
Franc*. The mighty HeSlefinger. Yale's
great guard, whose name used to be one
to conjure with, Is quietly managing a
Stanford University has been sending
out graduates that are all her own. for
enly five-year?, so that there is no chance
as yet to gather statistics on their success
la after life. The oldest A. B. of them all
j s «yst beginning to make a name in the
world. Of their might in their own col
leg© generation there was never a qucs
tlcn. The enlistment of some of her star
athletes in the Philippine war showed the
beys had pluck of the right sort. Since
that time there are not so many of the
tig. lusty out-of-do^rs men as in the nlden
timV The beast made in a recent Stan
ford bonk that it was "the lustiest stu
<5er.t body in the world " is probably the
truth. A sample was furnished in tho
class rush between '9S and "«. in the fall
cf 1SS5 The sophomores picked for the
center of their wedge forty of their big-
KPSt rr.en. There was not one who
weighed less than isn pounds in that body,
r.nd th>» average was probab'.y over 130.
Th'.s constant supply of heavy men ac
counts for Stanford's earlier success in
football.
There were pornc Interesting characters
in these big athletes of an earlier day.
Probably the most noted aggregation was
the old "center trio" of 1«9&-Fiekert. Wil
liams and <*arle. "Tehachapi Charlie"
Fickert was — arid is— a 200-pound man.
built like the Fide of a cliff, not an ounce
«f P-nvthing except bone and muscle about
fcim. The story of his rise in college is a
tradition at Palo Alto. He came up from
the southland and asked to enter as a spe
cial. By the hardest kind of work and
application he managed to keep himself in
college that year. He practiced football,
but had little time to give the game, and
was not yet matured and "filled out." But
the year following, when he had got into
the way of hflr college work, he came out
for guard and succeeded in running off an
older player. At one cf the last practice
*ames Ficlrert's work seemed to be failing
ca and he w« placed ca the second
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
3
STANFORDS
FAMOUS
ATHLETES
you know that this Is no way for a pen
tleman to act?" "I know It." said Rice,
"but I'm establishing a precedent." Rico
has developed into a staid business man.,
Then there was Sueart Cotton, the big:,
handsome young athlete who could play
any position en a football eleven and fin
ally found his specialty as a line hammer-
Ing full back. Cotton was more than an
athlete: he carried away the distinction
of being one of the quickest and keenest
students who ever came out of the uni
versity and was thoroughly liked as a
good fellow. < The same was true of For
rest Fisher, who. has an additional claim
to distinction In the fact that he worked
his way through college. Fisher cap
tained the first Stanford team which lost
to the University of .California, and was
the one Stanford man — except "Chet"
Murphy— who kept up' his play in tfie uni
versal wreck, lie finished out the last half
with enough injuries to lay up a non
athletic man for a month. In this he had
a precedent In Alexander Jeffs, the. stolid,
quiet half-breed who used to play end on
the football team and catch for tho base
ball nine. Jeffs played out one game to
a finish with a broken collarbone and
caught the last two Innings of a baseball
game with o split finger. He hailed from
the North, and has royal Indian blood inPalmistr
to serve their country in her time of need,
gives one a most interesting and authentic
account of the two famous expeditions of
General Lawton against the rebels of Lu
zon. (Lee & Shepherd, Boston. Price
n 25.) , '
George W. Peck's New Book-
For the last year Governor Peck has
been writing some stuff for' hia paper
which combines hihnor, sarcasm, sense,
advice to boys, comments on the current
events, stories on his friends, etc., which
will be published in book form under the
title of "Sunbeams, by the author of
Peck's Bad Boy," and contains fifty apt
and humorous illustrations. 'Some of it
he writes in the manner of editorials,
while some is in a personal vein, but the
most of it is "just exactly like Peck," and
will stir the risibles of the reader and
make him laugh, or will set him to tank
ing real hard at the treatment of some
subject in a different way from which any
Other "writer has treated it. -The fathers,
the mothers, the boys and the girls, the
rich and the poor — all who have ever read
any of Mr. Peck's writings will be glad
to read this, his latest and best. The
book is now ready. (Published by Jamie
son-Higgins Company, Chicago.)
Literary Notes.
The Overland Monthly for June is filled
with timely and interesting, matter — its
fiction is readable and wholesome and its
articles^ upon various topics are well il
lustrated, to the point, and of value. Two
subjects that are fully discussed and are
most appropriate for the season are those
on "The Wheel in the West," by Rotifer,
and "Trout Culture in Mendocino," by E.-
D. Ward. A paper that will prove of in-
Jllustra i n from "2ird •Studies itiiih a Camera," by frank ttl. Chapman. '
cyclopedia concerning the monuments,
public buildings, parks, etc.. of Paris,
while all the palaces and scenes of the bis?
fair are duly labeled and described by pen
as well as pictures. (Laird & Lee. Chi
cago. Cloth 75 cents, paper 50 cents.)
enhanced the value of the edition. The
book contains many points of vital im
portance to the player folk, such as the
"copyright laws of the United States, acts
relative to musical and dramatic produc
tions and duties upon theatrical proper
ties, costumes, etc. „ The volume should
prove of ilnterest and' value to the travel
ing public as well, for it presents a full
account of every important place of
amusement In America, all arranged in a
convenient form for reference, together
with a concise index. In addition are
given lists' of in the towns or
cities, names of dramatic critics, hotels,
with price of board, etc, and a list of the
railroads. To the theatrical manager the
work Is Invaluable, for it glve3 an ac
count of each theater in detail, down to
the most minute points of stage dimen
sions and facilities. It is published in the
Empire Theater building, New York.
Price 51.
"Our Presidents and /" rjoW We
Mak.e Tbem."
In this year of the Presidential election
a book that will excite universal atten
tion Is "Our Presidents and How We
Make Them," by A. K. McClure, LL. D.
Colonel McClute is a man most ably qual
ified to write upon such a subject and he
certainly has made a success in his at
tempt. He has been in touch with every
national convention for the past fifty
years, and has. had a personal acquaint
ance .with nearly all the Presidential can
didates during that period: hence it .can
be readily understood why his book
should contain much new and interest
ing matter concerning the inside workings
of the various campaigns, political inci-
disconnected from the earlier tale. Guert
v is simply the hero of both stories, and his
experience as a privateer on the uncon
querable Noank promises to be full of ad
venture, fighting, action and the thrill of
victory. Mr. Stoddard knows well just
how to tell such a story and he can be
depended upon to put just the amount of
vjgor, life and "go" into this privateer
£tory that every boy likes and that he
yhas injected Into all his tales of adven
ture, dacjng and duty. The book Is
strongly illustrated by Will Crawford.
A letter from Julian Ralph, written at
Bloemfontein on March 24, stated that
Rudyard Kipling, Ralph himself and one
or two others were editing a paper there
for Lord Roberts.
Klplir.g has written a new poem on the
subject of the shamrock in the same me
ter as that of "The Wearing of the
Green." The opening lines are:
O, Terence, dear, and did ye hear
The news that'* going round?
The Shamrock's Erin's badge by law
Where'er her sons are found!
This poem has been copyrighted In the
United States of America In the name of
Mr. Ralph, who apparently has seen
much of Kipling in the latter's new"~role
of war correspondent.
.Julian Ralph has the happy faculty of
making warm friends wherever he goes.
.Robert Barr ran across the genial Amer
ican correspondent Just as the latter. In
company with a large number of British
officers, was about to leave London for
the seat of war. and say3 that it was evi
dent, that Ralph was already high In the
favor of the military men with whom he
wa* hobnobbing.
"The Taming of the Jungle," which
made an immediate -reputation for its
author. Dr. C. W. Doyle, and which ran
through three editions in a very «short
time, was temporarily out of print owin~
to the Lippincott tire. The new fourth
edition is now ready. The same author's
intensely strong Chinese story. "The
Shadow of Quonjr Lung," has also been
reprinted, and the publishers expect
heavy demand for both books. The many
readers of that extremely popular book
"Bohemian Paris of T<^day," by W c*
Morrow, will be glad tb learn that the
same author's absorbing story, "a man-
His Mark." which has been unobtainable
since the fire at the Lippincott establish-
Indian River, -gave four days of exciting
picture hunting for the photographic
game bag and the results are well worth
the price. .
Between the chickadee and the pelican
there were many eteps of ..advance and
each Is described with little curlycues' of
detail that please well and make a wish
arise that more will be brought forth on
the same lines as "Bird -Studies "With a
Camera." (Published by D. Appleton &
Co., New York. Price $1 75.)
"Paris and the Exposltlot),"
A little volume that will be foundfmoat
acceptable by the many Americans who are ,
unable to attend the Paris Kxposition, and
one that will prove an Interesting sou
venir to those more fortunate, is a book
Just published by Laird & Lee of Chicago,
namely, a collection of half-ton* engrav
ings — 192 in number — giving one delightful
glimpses of Paris and the Exposition of
1900.
The ground is very thoroughly covered
and will give any one a good pictorial idea
of the wonders of the magic city.
The letterpress Is by Max Maury, the
author of "Lee's Standard Guide to
Paris and Everyday French Conversa
tion." These notices amount to a real
tag to the master his fall me«d of recog
nition. (LeJrd & Lee. Cloth, uncut edgea,
polished top, (3 50.) i\.- ..;•>
'The American Salad Book-"
No one can have a proper Idea of the
number, of different salads possible of in
vention to tempt man's palate until he haa
perused the Interesting pages of "The
American Salad Book." by Maximilian de
Loup. There are fish salads, tame and wild
fowl salads, egg salads, meat salads, vege
table salads, fruit salads, fancy salads and
a most wonderful collection of miscellan
eous salads, all of which have been duly
j tried i and 'experimented with and , found
irresistibly appetizing. The author first
Elves some valuable words In a general
vein by way of preparation for, the actual
receipts, calling attention to the acknowl
edged fact that America Is the land of
salads and the great value of the delicacy
from a hygienic standpoint; ; also some
¦ words upon the mixing of salads, ' their
decorations and garnishments, their ac
companiments, condiments, service - and
dressings and sauces. The book Is well
arranged,,. with a handy Index, and will
be. Just tho right-thing to spend time on
during. the summer months trying the re-,
markable variety of receipts given. (Pub
lished by McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York. Price $1.)
Official Tbeatrical Guide.
The fifth volume of Julius Cahn's Offi
cial Theatrical » Guide, containing Infor
mation of the leading theaters and at
tractions in America for 1900, is now ready
for distribution, and will prove a boon to
the theatrical profession. This year the
managers throughout the country have
shown a tendency to heartily co-operate
in furnishing the necessary information
regarding their cities, which has greatly
dents, qttarrela, eta He also give* » reo
. ©rd of every ballot taken In every conven
tion. A period of 112 years Is a.lonstime
to cover and It Is hardly fair to ask that
the author .shall have every point pre
sented with absolute accuracy, as record
evidence is very often either Imperfectly
preserved or entirely destroyed, but It
must be said that the volume has been
made as complete and reliable as possible.
In addition to a complete resume of every
Presidential election In order, together
with much valuable and authentic data,
are given a summary of the popular votes
for Presidents and an Interesting chapter
on the contested Presidential elections, -
with, the full text of the present statute
governing the same. A complete index
Is added to make the book a handy v one
for reference and excellent full page pic
tures of the Presidents are given. (Pub
lished by Harper & Bros., New York and
London. Price, $1 00.)
."The Campaign of the Jungle."
Since Oliver Optic's and Harry Castle
mon's time there have been few men who
have written books as well calculated to
interest boys as those of Edward Strote
meyer. ¦ Boys In school studying history
are prone to look upon it as a useless col
lection of weary dates, compiled solely for
the purpose of causing them needless and
monotonous study.
Mr. Strotemeyer has written a series of
books which, whilehistorically correct and
embodying the most important features
of the Spanish-American war and the re
bellion of the Filipinos, are sufficiently
interwoven with fiction to render them
most entertaining to young readers. "The
Campaign " of . the Jungle," which depicts
the thrilling adventures of two patriotic
young Amerl«%ns who have ' volunteered
terest to many to one by Hester A. Bene
dict on -San Francisco's First Postofflce
and Its Builder." Another well written
- article appears under the title of "Guada
lupe, the Sacred City." by O. Conyngham
Cunningham. It is illustrated from photo
' graphs.
Houghton. MlfHin & Co. have in press
four farcea by Mr. Howells which have
never been reprinted from the magazines
in which they appeared. They are entitled
"Bride Roses," "Indian Giver." "The.
Smoking Car" and "Room 45." That they
are bright, dellciously humorous, ex
quisitely reflned and charming in style is
a matter- of course since Mr Howells
wrote them. They will be brought out In
little volumes of attractive typography,
simply and artistically bound.
One Interesting feature of Miss Ellen
Thorneycroft Fowler's literary success .Is
her acceptance as the novelist who has
pictured Methodism conscientiously and
sympathetically. It aPPf«»
grandfather was a Methodist master,
and her 'interpretation of ***>?**£"
Mayfalr has been accepted like, *%™* a
pretatlon of Mayfair to Methodism as
candid and profoundly Interesting. Miss
Fowler's new novel. "The Farrlngdons
published by the Appleton Company, is
said to be one of the most successful
books among recent fiction.
On June 13 the Cemury Company will
publish "Plain Printing Types by Theo
dore I* de Vinne. founder of the De \lnne
Press and printer of the Century Maga
zine and the "Century Dictionary. This
volume of 400 pages-the first in a aeries
of treatises on the practice of typogra
phy-will contain an illustrated descrip
tion of the tools, processes and systems
of type-making, the names and descrip
tions of all sizes of book types, a sketch
of the history of type-founding and nu
merous exhibits of the more Important
styles of Roman. Italic, black and display
letter, including recent quaint styles de-
Blgncd for book printing, and tables of
the classes and prices of type here and In
Europe. The book will appeal especially
to printers and editors and students of
the art of typography.
That veteran story teller for young
people. "William O. Stodda.rd. has
In press with- the Lothrop Publishing
Company a stirring sea tale of pri
vateer life in the American Revolution.
"The Noank's Log." The book, while In
a certain way a sequel to Mr. Stoddard's
"hero" land story, "Guert Ten Eyck," is
STORIES OF THE GENTLE AUTHOR OF "LORNA DOONE"
BOTH the Marstons, father and son,
of the London ' Fishing Gazette,
were warm friends of R. D. Black
, more, the English novelist, who
died recently. E. Marston. the father,
was born in the same year as
rilacUmore. 1S25, and knew him intimately
for half a century. R. B. Marston, the
son, says: "I well remember one even-
Ing, more than. thirty years ago. how my
father, the 'Amateur Angler,' brought
home a neat quarto manuscript,, written
in blue ink in a very small but wonder
fully clear hand. He told us that Its title
was 'Lorna Doone,' and that it was a
romance of Exmoor — a story about a band
of robbers; should he read it to us? There
were delighted cries of ''Yes. yes, do,' for
we knew by experience that If the "Ama
teur Angler" offered to read one of the
manuscripts he often brought home, it
would be something worth listening to.
Thus it was that for the first time one
English household listened night after
night- with breathless interest to the great
romance. Since then countless thousands
have also come under the spell of the
Wizard of the South, more than a million
copies having been sold in English-speak
ing lands. Its effect on me In one direc
tion was to send me, year after year, lo
fish in the wild Exmoor country In which
Its scenes are laid."
Of • "Lorna Doone," Mr. Marston Sr.
said: "He always had, or seemed to
have, a sort of jealousy of 'Lorna Doone,'
and certainly did not regard It with as
much complacency as Its pre-eminent suc
cess would have led one to expect."
By a lucky catch, the way of which R.
B. Marston learned when a boy at school
playing football, he once saved Blackmore
from a serious if ' not a fatal accident.
"We had arranged," says Marston, "to
have some trout fishing together in the
Tillingbourne, and one fine May morning
in 1SSJ I started early from home for Tetl
dington, where I found my friend on the
platform ready to welcome me. \ We
walked through the grounds to his house,
and after some light refreshment, which
Mrs. Blackmore pressed upon us In her
ever kindly manner, we got our rods and
baskets stowed away in the high dogcart,
in which Mr. Blackmore was to drive me
to Shalford, near Guilford. It was a drive
of some, fifteen miles or more, through
lovely country, to which I had looked for
ward with great pleasure, and under more
auspicious circumstances, with one who
knew the country well and could talk
about it so delightfully, it would have
passed my. expectations.
"We got up into the high dogcart In a
lane, called Field lane, leading from the
house to the main road. Mr. Blackm»ra
took the reins from the groom and we
started, but had not gone many yards be
fore I felt the dogcart .was turning over
on its Bide. ; Being young and active I
jumped Instantly, and, luckily, landed on
my feet and, turning quickly round. I saw
Mr. Blackmore coming down head first.
Bein^ but a yard away I sprang forward
and threw my arms round his back and
chest, and so broke his fall, for In another
second he would have fallen with all his
weight right onto his head on the road.
But he was. a big, broad-shouldered man,
and I could not prevent bending under his
weight, so that his head, which was under
me as I bent over clasping l hls back to my
chest, came to ground and his nose and
forehead were scratched rather severely
by the gravel.
"Luckily the horse stood still und the
groom rushed up and held it while we
picked ourselves up. Mr. Blackmore's face
was bleeding a good bit and of course I
wished him to return home,' but he would
not hear of it, saying that he would not
on any account do so, as It would upset
his wife. He assured me he felt all right
and explained that in consequence, as he
believed, of the groom having given him
the reins crossed, he had driven the wheel
against a stout timber strut supporting
the high fence. So, with some misgivings
on my part (for I could see my friend was
both shaken and nervpus), we got the
croom to lead the horse out Into the main
rbad" and then, drove off. Mr. Blackmore
kept having to wipe the blood from his
face and when we had gone a few miles I
persuaded him: to stop at an Inn and have
a wash and a rest and some brandy. * Al
though suffering much more than he
would tell me, he most pluckily drove
right on to Shalford, where we arrived
without further mishap, and after lunch
we went fishing, or rather I fished and he
looked on." ;.",;.:* . <- ¦ • .
E. Marston in the course of a lifetime
hael many interesting' letters and notes
from Blackmore. Says Mr. Marston:
"Writing to me once about a bitter dis
appointment as to the market for hid
fruit, he added, but 'weeping will not
warm it,' as the old woman said of her
good man's corpse.
"Writing to me about the sixpenny edi
tion of 'Lorna Doone,' he said: 'It would
not surprise me much if you made a hit
with the sixpenny "L. D.," such is the
thickheadedness of the many headed.
?..*• • 'If the other . books, some of
which are of a higher order than "L. 1>.,"
could be made to go, I might defy the few
seasons' yet before me. Vainly do I lock
for pears; but to know why there are
none^is, or ought to be. a comfort.'
"In another of his more recent letters,
dated last July, writing about his fruit,
he says: 'The vile behavior of my treea. to
whom I have been very good- • • • for
bids air good will or faith in fairness.
Three years now of grim nakedness drive
me into savage land, where the thorny
cactus stands— for pears! By the ironies
of fate we have a glorious time for fruit,
and none to know It or to feel it.'
"Often would he humorously bewail the
ups and downs of a gardener's life. Ke
liked to tell how the inclement weithcri
nipped his buds or destroyed hi3 fruI'-V
when his fruit was abundant the market"*
for it was nil, cr when he had no fruu u'e/
market was good and prices wore hlgh^
But never, in the midst of all his suffer-/
ing. was there any note of complaint onV
that ground except by way of a joke so"*
that from himself or his letters one would/
hardly realize the terrible pain he was un-i
dergoing. I eiuote a characteristic bit^
from one of his little notes written mc-^C
than two years ago: 'If a fellow can be->
well without food or sleep, and with in-/
cessant pain. I am as right as a trivet v
The doctor said to me on Monday: "If i">
had had half as much pain for- the la</
six months as you have had. I shoitli v
have been In a lunatic ayslum." ' ">
"If I could but for a few minutes in-/
spire the point, of my pen with even a^
spark of his bright humor I should Mke;
to paint a little picture of him as I om-eC
found him on a lovely autumn day pJayi.ig/
on his lawn with half a dozen of my ittieN
grandchildren. Two of the smallest oi s
them he had mounted on a pretty *>or:y(
and was leading them gleefully about the>
grounds. Then he would trot about with,
them around the garden, and he seenvdN
as happy as they. It was the time of J
roses and the promise of a heavy weight (
of fruit on the apple and pear trees, and)
the vineries were in grand order, for the^
culture of the grapevine was one of Lid'
special hobbies." |
Books Received.
AMERICAN SALAD F.OOK—By Maxi
milian de Loup. McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York; $1.
MONSIEUR BEAUCAIRE—By Booth
Tarkington. McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York: $1 S3.
DWIGIIT L. MOODY — Some Impres
sions and facts by Henry Drumrr.ond.
McClure, Phillips &. Co., New York; $1.
THK GREEN FLAG and other stories
of war and sport —By Conan Doyle. Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co.. New York; $1 oi).
LONDON TO LADYSMITH via PRE
TORIA—By Winston Spencer Churchill.
Longmans. Green & Co.. New York; $1 50.
THE KNIGHTS OF THE CROSS—Sec
ond half, by Ilenryk Slenkiewicz. Trans
lated by Jeremiah Curtln. Little, Brown
& Co.. Boston. Mass.; $1.
THE ELUSIVE HILDEGAP.DB-By IT.
R. Martin. R. F. Fenno & Co., New
York: Jl 25.
THE BOARDER OF ARGYLE
PLACE—By George Tolle. K. F. Feano
& Co.. New York; H 2T>.
THE BLACK HOMER OF JIMTOWN—
By Ed Mott. Grosset & Dunlap, New
York: SI 25. .
THE COMPLETE ANGLER-By Isaac
Walton. Cassell's National Library se
ries. New York. In papei 10 cents.'
PHILIP Wi:N"WOOr>— By Robert Nell
son Stephens. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton; Jl 50.
PARIS AND THE EXPOSITION-Pub
llshed by Laird & Lee. Chicago. Cloth
75 cents, paper 50 cents.
THE MINISTER'S GUTST—By Isabel
Smith. D. Appleion & Co., New York.
Paper 50 cents.
» ment has now been reprinted and la ready
a for the market. A noted critic calls atUn
n tlon to the fact that this short novel i 3 a:i
i- " extraordinary example of the power of th»
n element of suspense In literature. Ones
- begun It Is Impossible to drop the story
until the end Is reached,
9 There has come about an Incorrect Jnv»
e pression concerning the character of Jr.
s Zola's great series of novels In which h*
d expects to depict what he considers th<»
e> great forces of human life and in particu
y lar to portray Franco as a nation. Th*
- first work, "Frultfulness," which will b»
s ready In the English translation lmm"f!!.
» ately (and Is to be followed by "Work."
n "Truth" and "Justice"). tell3 the story
'• of a young man who meets the usual fin
ancial difficulty In bringing up his Increas
ing family. He and his wife eventually
n decide to go to the earth herself for thfir
3 support; they secure- an abandoned and
3 desert tract, and by work ami patience
¦* wrest from tho soil itself a competency
r and a support for their family. Th« book
*• Is carried out on heroic lines, and M. Zola
0 has given permission to the translator.
'" Mr. Vlzetelly. to make whatever changes
3 he thought desirable for the English mar
3 ket. In doing this the translator has cut
" out something like 100,000 word3.
3
,1 Mr. Howells has come to occupy a posi
tion of patron saint of the negro In h!9
artistic endeavors, and to be, as it were.
>l a "discoverer" of the colored man strug
- gllng toward artistic achievement, as was
8 Dr. Robertson Nlcol of the "kail yard" -
- novelist some years ago. Ha ha.-» recently
a found much, to commend in Charles W.
s Chesnutt. the author of "The WlTa or His
" Youth" and "The . Conjure Woman";
" and speaking of Mr. Chesnutt and of tha
9 "colored people" ¦who are almost or q-alta
" as white as the palest Caucasian (and ilx.
k Chesnutt Is one of these), he has recently
" eald: "They need not be ashamed of the
* race from which they have spmris ani
-whose shame they share: for in majiy of
" the arts It has already shown, during a
single generation of freedom, gift3 which
1 . slavery apparently on!y obscured. Wltij
« Mr. Booker Washington, th© first Ameri
can orator of our time, fresh upon tha
time of Frederick Douglass, and with Mr.
Dunbar arwonsr the truest of our poet«;
' with Mr. Lewis, a black American out of
„ the only three Americans from whom the
* French Government ever bought a pict
ure. Mr. Chesnutt may well bo willing to
j own his color."
t ¦ In his book, "The Biblical Theology txt
J the New Testament," which Is shortly to
be published by the Macmillan Company
In the New Testament handbook series.
Professor E. P. Gould has the following
discussion, which will be of Interest to
clergymen If not to the general theologi
cal public: "Why is faith the principle
of righteousness? The answer to this is
obvious to any one who is conversant with,
the apostle's thought. At least, the most
obvious answer is that faith Justifies be
cause It connects the nan with Christ.
Our Lord is himself the vital principle of
the new life, and faith is what brings the
source and the recipient of the life to
gether, as roots bring the plant and the
soil together. Anything in either God or
Christ which Is restoring and life giving
In Its effect may become the object of
faith and the restorer of life, but as a
?eneral thing. Just as It is Christ who Is
the usual object of faith, so it is the death
of Christ rather than the other aspects
of his life; and so we have here the first
attempt to rationalize the death of our
Lord." This last sentence Is illustrative
Of a very important element in Professor
Gould's treatment, namely, the tracing of
the gradual rise of theology through the
New Testament literature. In his treat
ment Professor Gould traverses some tra
ditional beliefs. In a way that is likely to
arouse some discussion.
Honolulu has a public library which h«C
but Just turned of age, having been estab
lished April 6. 1S79. It was made the sub
ject of an appropriation of J1S0O one year
after Its founding, but this was never re
peated. It has never been asked to pay
taxes, however, and the Government has
given the water and electric light rates.
In return for which the children- of tha
public schools above to. certain grade have
the privilege of drawing books free of
charge. The library owns its own build
ing and some time ago acquired . the li
brary of Queen Emma. In all. the vol
umes number 14.000. The library is well
equipped with fiction of an excellent qual
ity, and the number of volumes of his
tory, biography and travel is about the
same, so that the balance between the
lighter and more serious branches Is pret
ty well kept. "As to the popular volumes
of the present day." says a writer In tha
Pacific Commercial Advertiser of Hono
lulu. " 'To Have and To Hold" Is the book
most In demand. Close after Miss John
ston's superb romance of colonial Virginia
which, by the way. la the book of tha
year from Maine to California, comes
•Richard Carvel," another fine story of
colonial life which has maintained Its pop
ularity amazingly well for a year. 'Janice
Meredith' Is far less In demand and "Da
vid Harum' has had its run."
"Monsieur Beaucaire," Booth TarklnK
ton's new story, was not sent to the pub
lisher till it had lain "ripening" for two
years In the author's desk. "Monsieur
Beaucaire" Is a light, elegant pleca of ro
mance, wherein swords and love-knots
"compare" as in a Watteau picture, but
Mr. Tarkington in writing it took his his
torical responsibilities as much to heart
as If he labored on a dry document of in
formation. He read forty-seven books In
getting 1 up small details and he went on
a long, laborious still-hunt to get tho
iwmc^ of men in power at the French
and Kngllsh courts at the time of "Mon
sieur Beaucalre's" little masquerade. Tha
author has had a great many applications
for the privilege of dramatizing "Mon
sieur Beaucaire."
Mr. Tarkington at Princeton College
made a record in college theatricals aa
author, stage manager and actor that
would suggest that the pest person to
dramatize any story of his is himself.
Mr. Tarktngton is the author of the suc
cessful novel, "The Gentleman from In
diana."
"Monsieur Reaucalre" will be Issued
from the pres^f McClure. Phillips & Co.
immediately. The six full-page Illustra
tions, dene in two colors and drawn by
C. D. Williams, and the original head and
tail pieces, initial letters and decorated
title page combine to make it an unusual
ly attractive piece of book-making.
THE STJISTDAY OAIili.
Laird & Lee of Chicago have* just Issued
In a royal Svo. volume of 840 columns a
work that Is attracting great attention in
scientific circles in this country .and
abroad. It is entitled. "The Practice of
Palmistry, for Professional Purposes and
Scientific Students," and the author,
Comte C. de Saint-Germain of the Uni
versity of Paris, has achieved therein a
most e-xtraordinary feat of literary as
well as scientific labor. For the first time
the ancient art of hand-reading, which
has fascinated hundreds of generations
the world over, and whose star is still
bright as ever, is presented in the spirit
of modern investigation and with a sim
plicity and clearness that have been sadly
lacking in most of the smaller manuals
on the subject. The genius of systema
tization Is apparent in every detail of this
curious work, making it as interesting
reading as fiction and as easy to consult
as a dictionary. Every lelea of mystery
or occultism, every tendency to connect
palmistry with astrology or cabalistic
rites is resolutely condemned by the au
thor, who is satisfied to stand on a basis
of purely physiological researches and re
sults. No book of such magnitude, with
its 1254 original illustrations, its wealth of
cases taken from life and its dlctionary
of facts, readings and bibliography, has
ever been attempted In any language. It
surpasses Desbarrolles' immortal work In
precision and wealth of details, while giv-
BOOK REVIEWS
«M PRESS OCTAVIA, a Romance ol
, ' the Reign of Nero." while a book
j' ?th«t will be read by many. Is never
theless one that will prove rather
disappointing. Us author is Wllhelra Wai
loth, a German, and his work has been
considered of sufficient value to warrant
a translation into English. This fact
alone would seem to guarantee the Btory
as one out of the ordinary and awaken
American Interest to find out if what has
doubtless been considered a success in a
foreign land will meet with approval when
offered in another tongue. Further, the
book will be read because It deals with the
time of Nero Just prior to the period
treated In "Quo Vadis." The sterling
qualities and great success of Slenkie
¦uicz's novel have by no means been for
gotten by the reading public, and any
book depending upon those days for its
theme will receive attention, if not for Us
ov.-ji or its author's sake, at least for the
fake of the Interest created In that ter
rible e;>och of the world's history by its
vivid portrayal In "Quo Vadis."
It is hardly fair to Sienklewicz to make
comparisons between his wonderful work
on the days of Nero and the present story
of Wiihelm Walloth. "Quo Vadis" is be
yond comparison. The present book,
"Empress Octavla," border? on mediocrity
end it is difficult to understand why It
Fhould have been deemed worthy the
trouble cf translation and publication. It
Is an unfortunate combination of fiction
&r.<i history — not enough story to properly
hold the reader's attention and interest
and not enough history to make It valu
cl !e as a text book.
In brief, the story is about a young
Fculptor. Metellus, who. ambitious for
Fucrcss in hi? art. leaves his home in the
provinces to seek fortune and fame in
Honic. Ho is portrayed as a youth re
markably pure ami simple and absolutely
without gu!!o. His first night in Rome"
fees Mm first robbed or his purse and
tlien set upon by a band of masked mum
mers, or.< j of whom he strikes over the
head — no loss a person than Nero himself.
who enjoys traveling the streets in dis
pose after dark with his attendants and
playing practical jokes on unoffending
ciiizens. Petronius. of "Quo Vadis" fame,
boing odp of the party, suggests to Nero
that he have the young man come to the
paJaoe ar.d make a bu?t of the Empress
Octavia; for the simple conversation of
MetcUua and his great personal beauty
have suggested to him that the young
man will prove a useful tool for Nero's
Fchemes. Nero has tired of his pure
minded wife, the Empress Octavla. but
fosrir.g to put her aside without cause on
account of the love for her in the hearts
of the people, by whom she is idolized, he
wishes to place her in some compromising
position that win make his act seem au
thorized and show himself In th# light of
a martyred husband. Metellus, at the
time, is not aware that he has struck the
dreaded Nero and promises to appear at
the palace the next day and present the
token given him by Petrcnius. Early the
next morning from a conversation over
hear*! in a barber shop he surmises the
truth, but being penniless and of a hope
ful turn of mind he assumes the risk and
keeps his appointment.
The scheme cf Petronlus meets with
partial success, for Octavia and Metal-
Jus fall in love with each other at first
Fight, although neither fully realizes the
extent of the malady. Friends of Octavia
warn her of the plot of Nero, and she
makes up her mind to see the young
Bcnlptor no more. Metellus himself is
also warned, but indi<mantly denies that
Nero could be guilty of such a vile plot,
and refuses to heed the words of advice
to leave Rome.
The plot docs not progress rapidly
enough to please Nero, so Petronius is
I forced to hurry matters, and, surround
ing Metellus' room with a band of sol
diers, lays the whole scheme before Him
and insists upon his carrying out his
j!.'irt under pain of death. Meteliua. who
up to this point has been represented as
the embodiment of frankness, sees that
he must resort to subterfuge In combat-
Ing this intrigue against his life and the
honor of the Empress, so he agrees to
carry out the plan, and imagines that be
cause he is left unguarded he Is also not
watched. In tho night he plans to go to
Octavia ar.d warn her of the danger and
then make his escape. He succeeds in
making his way to the bedchamber of
the- Empress, and tells her of the plot
which she had already feared. He in«=i«ts
up^ri kissing her good-by. and, of course
Nero, is In hiding to witness this fare
well and to obtain the cause for divorce
for which he had so long waited. Octavla
has her veins opened by the family phy-
Fician. and Metellus drowns while at
tempting to escape from some Roman
Centuriars.
The character cf Metellus is not a pleas-
Ing one. The simplicity of his nature
apparently finds Its source in weak mind-
JTu S L jud ~ ns? from inane arts of
which he is guilty; and his seeming purity
of thought appears to come from a lack
of knowledge of the worlds ways rather
than frcm any inherent quality of good
ness possessed by the- man himself. One
Incident of many which establish this fact
Is where the mistress of Nero. Poppaea,
who has fallen in love w!th Metellus. en
t:cr S him to a rendezvous under the sub
terfuge that he is there to meet Octavia
[and he finds himself in the arms of Pop- 1
psea before he realizes the deception. The
rc-one Is given a coloring of the "Venus
cr.d Adonis' order, but with a different
culrr.iration— Mctelius falls an essy vic
tim. He is not a strong man rosistfng
temptation; i ?:i a weak mortal made g-joff~
through a lack of opportunity. The ar
tistic temperament and finer "sensibilities
cf which he is possessed keep him frcm
tnduigins In the common wickedness of
the corrupt court, but do not prevent him
from being absolutely selfish and culpa
bly weak when temrtation that appeals
to his nature presents itself.
Petronius. whose character Is so de
lightfully dra-.vn in "Quo Vadis." is quite®
uninteresUr/i .in the present volume al-$
though Mayins a prominent part in thei
etory. a
The description of the frightful scenes/
cf the Circus Maximus which begins the*
novel ts well conceived and ab'.y prcsent-()
cd. but only appropriate as showing the*
cruelty of the t'.ines and not directly nee- A
cssary as a part of thp rtory. In fact,/
the book has a poor beginning, inasmuch*
that characters arc introduced in the first"/
few pages with a prominence misleading.^
to 'the reader, for before many chapters A
have rnssed they sink into insignificance*
and :nisht ns well have been omitted al_*
together r.f- far as their direct bearing on/)
tho s*.cry If concerned. v
The bocl; Is written with German pre-*
cisi.in nsA a distressing regard for vn-d
pieut-ant details. When it becomes neces-1
eary th.-oush Nero's order that the Em-T
press most be bled to death, the authory
enters Into the disgusting points of this*
cold-blooded piece of buriness with asA
niirh tniuutia as If he were describing a<
eurgric.tt operation for publication In a*
nodli al magazine. It Is certainly a euc-/^
Cfj-s." viewed in the light of a vivid de-'
scri:st!cn. One can almost catch the^.
smell of the antiseptics of a capital op-"?
eratfon In a moaem first-class hospital y
and foci the trickle of warm blood as*
the young Empress' life ebbs away. It/)
Is hardly a description that will appeal toJC
the- tirni -honored "gentle reader." >
Btlll WJIhelra Walloth's book is one thatV
will be widely road, for It is a book of the*
time of Nero, end readers are curious to^
know how another author will present the^L
remarkable characters of that period,"
(Published by Little, Brown & Co., Bos
ton. Price. $1 50.)
"Bird Studies With a Camera."
Hunting birds with a camera instead of
a eun Is the way that Frank M. Chap
man shows what a true sportsman for
spprt's sake is, and gives at last proper
use "for a word which has been often mis
applied of late. Mr. Chapman hunted
all summer and his "game bag" is a book,
filled with the word and camera, pictures
which .amuse. Instruct and will not be
forgotten. There never yet was a game
bag filled by a gun that equaled this, yet
there was not a drop of blood spilled in
the filling.
The reader can feel, after reading the
ehort account of life in Chickadee Villa
that those same chickadees are still lead
ing their busy, earnest life and that their
little cares were not increase*! nor their
Joys diminished one whit by Mr. Chap
man's really sportsmanlike Incursion.
"Bird Studies" takes a new way of
looking at life. Where most writers find
but the desolate ocean, bleak cliffs and
the lonely call of the sea mew, Mr. Chap
man shows the ocean to be a bounteous
larder, stocked with toothsome, nourish
ing food, to be had for the taking by the
hungry birds. The bleak cliff is to him a
lively village or perhaps a great city
where thousands of feathered characters
lead intricate and highly enjoyable Iive3,
to which the reader is ' introduced. The
thousand birdland voices of the shore,
which are lumped Into "the lonely call
of the sea mew" by the unobservant
writer becomes interesting, lively chatter
when explained and reported by the cam
era sportsman.
Those things are seemingly outside. of
"camera studies," but the eye of the ob-.
server must first select what the camera
is to record, and it is the ability to see the
funny side of bird life and look at the
world frcm the birds' own point of view
that sives to the pictures their value. It
Is good, live sport, too, getting within
twelve-foot focal range of a bird, while
the man with a gun has an advantage In
being able to kill at ten times the dis
tance. "The camera thus opens the door"
to a field cf sport previously closed to
those v.-ho love birds too much to find
pleasure in killing them; to whom Bob
White's rinsing whistle does not give rise
to murderous speculations as to the num
ber of his family.*' That short bit gives
the tone of the book, and the reader, un
less particularly bloodthirsty, will perhaps
fall In line with its views.
The pictures cannot be fully appreciated
until one puts himself In the place of the
camera hunter and remembers that It
takes more than the cunning of an In
dian to get a bulky camera with Its click-
Ing noises close enough to give clear pic
tures.
Here are some of the Ingenious ways In,
which Mr. Chapman persuaded his poses
to "sit Ftill and look pleasant":
"With the reflecting camera one may
stalk birds on foot or with a boat, or
rqueak them Into range by kissing the
back of the hand vigorously — a sound
which during the nesting season especially
arouses much curiosity In the birds
mind."
Another method was to put up a stuffed
owl on a stick, near the home of a cat
bird preferably, erect a "scolding perch"
near it and then, after focusing the
camera on the perch, retire with a string
to control the shutter.
"A catbird's domain Is chosen for the
reason that this species is the alarmist
of whatever neighborhood it may inhabit,
and cr.ee Its attention has been attracted
to the owl by squeaking or uttering the
alarm notes of other- birds, the photo
grapher may subside and let the catbird
do the rest.
"The bird's rage is remarkable and its
fear painful. Should the owl be near the
catbird's nest. It will utter notes in a tone
r,f voice I have never heard it use on other
occasions. It loses all fear of the camera
and from the scolding perch screams at
the owl with a vehemence which threatens
to crack its throat..'*
Mr. Chapman's best photographs were
Fccurcd on the coast, of Nova Scotia,
where the birds ha% r e been left by a kindly
and hospitable people to enjoy the narrow
ledge of sea-sprayed rock and the right
to fish, which is all that a sea bird asks
cf the world. ¦
Where the pelican builds her nest, on ,
4Best Time for Boys.
"The best time to be a boy the world
has ever known Is just this time— Just at
the outstaxt of a great, vigorous, force
ful. wisdom-loving 1 century." writes Or.
David Starr Jordan, president of Lcland
Stanford "Jr. University, in the Saturday
TVhen a real fire 'occurs no amowit of
discipline can do away with fright, al
though It can control it. It Is fortunate
when' no pupils know that the fire is reaL
Then "fire drill" Is all that the little folks
think of and they; are fearless. At the
time that the Clement School on Geary
street was partly burned a few years ago
a little girl from a' lower grade fell from
sheer fright and. lay in the line of exit.
Those who were there remember how she
looked lying where, in a moment more,
ehe would have been trampled under
many Hurrying feet. They remember, too,
how Matthew Long, "an upstairs boy."
ran to her and carried her down the long
flight of schoolhouse stairs. He was un
der 15 then,*but he showed the stuff that
the man is made of.
There is talk these days of requiring
principals to teach in larger buildings
than Is now required. Perhaps there is
no stronger argument against this ln-
enrrafl. And aside frcm tne vain© lit cats*
of real fire there Is an immense amount
of BcLf-control taught by the dxllL Ons
of our principals remembers the two boys
who were sent to his school basement to
investigate the cause of smoke and came
back to report that there had been a flr»
there and they had put it out. If they
had never had all those lessons on emerg
ency and presence oZ mind, would they
not have been more likely to run back
shrieking' that the building was one fire?
Remember that the Lafayette School
burned to the ground and E00 children es
caped unhurt.
H SVSTEM THAT
cade that San Francisco has arrived at
the conclusion that her school buildings
were too inflammable and their stair.< too
steep for safety in case of fire. After
more or less struggle it was decreed that
a fire drill should be practiced in every
school in the city, and this drill takes
place at least twice a month. So If you
should wander In at some schoolhou?e
door on a lire-drill day you might see this
sort of thing.
Everybody Is busy In the usual way,
without the least sign of consciousness
that something is about to happen. This
is because they really do not know it — the.
lire alarm is given by the principal at any
time that may occur to licr, and she aims
to have that time always different. When
a real lire comes, it Is argued. It won't
post a bulletin of Its arrival in all tne
rooms.
So you will find Mollie Louise standing
to read "Across-the-lonely-beach-we-flit—
The— little— sandpiper— and— I." You will
find Johnnie multiplying at the black
board and Jimmie beside him snipping
chalk when Miss Pedagogy is busy other
wheres. What noise there is in the room
Is the stillest kind of noise.
All at once the gong In the central hall.
THErtE Is a certain teacher in our
town who is being lionized a great
ii d»»al lately on account of the part
she played in leading 5**} youngsters
out of a burning Fchoolhouse. She de
perves every bit of the credit she is get
ting, but don't you suppose she would
rather have it In a different form? In-
Ftead of crying that "Miss Casey was cool
enough to give th*» fire signal." or "Miss
Casey was discerning enough to smell
pmcke." why doesn't somebody sing Miss
Casey's prais* for all the weeks and
months and years that she has been drill-
Ing her school and herself to do what they
did automatically on that eventful Wed
nesday afternoon? The coolness, the
promptness, the presence of mind won all
the credit, but the greater part of it
rightly belonged to the perfected system.
It Is the came old story of the big occa
flon getting the praise that belongs to the
little day by day persistencies.
For more than half a dozen years the
fire drill has been compulsory In San
Franc'.sco's schools, and Mr. Kingsbury,
our" deputy Superintendent, pays that the
success in clearing the Lafayette School
¦was enough to pay for all those six or
more years of drilling and drubbing and
rub-a-dub-dubbing that all the schools in
Ban Francisco have been going through —
(or the sake of that one fire.
TIitp Is no State law making the drill
compulrory, but a local law exists now
In nearly every ciiy, and it has fought Its
•way in Szn Francisco pa*t protect and
argument, and it Ptill stands. The pros
are fat with pride now, and the cons
deem It advisable to refrain from over
many words until the excitement has died
down. Or. perhaps, the" will cease alto-
ECtlier from bcin.7 con? in the thought of
tho 5W little people who were brought out
tsfely from what. might have happened.
Jt has come a'joul within the past do-
the Fame 'well worn gons that has called ;
people In to school day after day, appears
to break loose. It clangs and clanks as
If Imps were tampering -with It, and what
It Ecrecms to the little children and the
big children Is "Fire." Not one pupil, or
teacher perhaps, in the whole building
knows whether thla means real fire of
merely a drill, but that makes no dlf? ,
ference. The building is to be emptied
in the shortcut time possible.
At the first sound of the alarm every :
child from top to bottom. of tne building
rises to face in the direction of exit, and
at , the teacher's immediate signal they
start to reach the yard. They move as
rapidly as is possible short of running,
and^yet the lines are. never broken; the
order of three abreast or four abreast, or
•whatever it may. be, Js <aa regular as at
any recess or end-of-school hour. Nobody
thinks of whispering; there is too much
hurry about getting outside. And when
it Is all over and several hundred chil-
It is claimed by the teachers who or
ganized this method that it 1» the natural
one. -
Almost all the schools have four exits,
so it is a. quick matter to pour a stream
of children into the street before they
can be injured by a fire. It must needs
be a rapid one that can get under dan
gerous headway before everybody is In a
place of safety.
There are' drills in which shifts are
made, so that If one exit be cut off the
line of march can be Instantly changed.
All this sounds simple and easy perhaps.
No one In the world but a teacher knows
anything of what it means to bring sev
eral hundred children to that state of dis
cipline where they shall start Instantly
at an unexpected signal from whatever
they may be doing and go to the street
In serfect order aad ..without panic _~
crease of their responsibilities than arises
from the thought of fire.
There have been "many objections raised
to the ' drill. Parents- have complained
that Jennie caught. co!d going outdoors
without her hat and that "Willie's studies
were Interrupted. Then, too, there Is the
danger, of- falling In -the hurried march
ing. But the arguments for seem so much
greater. No serious, falls have ever oc-
Evening Vost. "And Just the test pl*e«
to be a boy Is right bere in the United
States, the one part of the earth where a
boy can grow up with a reasonable
chance of making the most of himself.
'America mcan3 opportunity,' says
Emerson, and to the right kind of a boy
this Is the main thlnff. Ke does not as>c
help, he does not need encouragement. All
he wants is a chance, and that he can
find. There was never a time when men
—sober. Intelligent, skillful and trust
worthy — were so much In demand.
• "Now. to the right kind of a boy. a boy
with something in him. the best advlca
that anybody can give Is summed up in
these two sentences: Keep yourself clean!
Co to college!"
drcn are safe and swina In r?j« street out
side, the principal looks at her watch and
proudly says, "One minute and a half."
Or one and three-quarters, or whatever
the time may be. Not over 2*A minutes
docs the drill average nowadays in any
of the school?, and some of them have aa
many as sixteen rooms."*
If you look-about with eyes that are
canny you will see that a gentle littl«
rivalry exists between principals In re
gard to this practice. "Of course this li
a large building," deprecates the school
mistress, or "the stairs wind a good'deal,
but still— well, we rather pride ourselvea
on our fire drill," and she glows a bit
with past records and present assurance.
The Hancock School has emptied Itself
of 600 pupils In 1 minute and 40 seconds.
The Horace Mann has taken only 10 sec
onds more to turn out 050. These are es
pecially fine records, but 2& minutes la
quite enough time for either of them to
take under the slowest of circumstance!
to clear either of the buildings.
Each principal Is given free choice as
to the giving of fire signals. The usual
way is by the gong, but In a few school!
the small hand bell is used, and there are
those who have a system of electric bella.
Three schools— the Hancock, the Agassi*
and the Longfellow— give the cry of "fire."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
FIRE DRILL in the SAN FRANCISCO
PUBLIC SCHOOL"Oh! Before you go, come and see CJaston asleep. Jfe is so
. pretty ."
Yes, but she did not care to see Mme.
Sanz under the present* circumstances,
and, to tell the truth, her repugnance was
mingled with a little fear. She was an
escaped prisoner, and it seemed to Lea
that they must be looking for her. It
was easy for her to say: "What do I
care? I am free to go where I like." But
the idea of ilnding herself again in the
presence of Frederique or of Pirnitz filled
her with terror. Had she not fled to es
cape from their moral tyranny?
"True. Mme. Sanz knows nothing of re
cent events as yet; but she will talk to
me about Frederique and the work. I
Fhould have to dissimulate or lie. Besides,
who knows? They may have telegraphed
to her already. Frederique and Romaine
will naturally appeal to Free College, as
they will divine that I am In London."
This thought was quite sufficient to de
cide her against the visit.
"I will only go there," she said to her
self, "as a last resource."
Suddenly a name recurred to her and
radiated like a cheerful light— "Edith!"
There was the step to take. It was both
easy and certain. Rejoin Edith, who had
always been In favor of Lea's union with
Georsr. Even if Kdith should not know
the Ortsen's address she would certainly
go to inquire for it at Free College with
out mentioning the 5'oung girl's name.
But how was she to find Edith?
Lea did not know positively where she
was. Daisy had not heard from her for
a long time. The two sisters rarely wrote
to each other. Edith, in her last letter
had spoke of leaving Clariss & Son's and
of becoming a sick nurse — that is to say,
of entering a sort of lay order of which
the members alternately nursed the poor
gratuitously and the rich for large fees.
This idea had fascinated Edith,: who was
disgusted by the immorality of her com-
PRnlons, the glaziers at Clariss & Sona.'
who. she said, with a truly British air of
superiority, "were becoming just Ilk*
French workmen!"
In any case a visit to the factory la
you groin? to work here again 7"
"No." replied Lea, "I am only passing
through London, and I wanted to see one
of my friends who worked here with me
a couple of years ago. You know Miss
Cracgs? She was the forewoman in the
glazing room."
"Miss Craggs Is no longer here, miss.
She left about three months ago, or per
haps three months and a half. I remem
.ber that tho last day she worked here it
snowed; it was ju3t before the end of
spring. She also came again once after
she left here. I did not see her, but my
wife spoke with her, and told me that she
was dressed like a nurse and that she
was leaving for the Continent with a
young woman who was an Invalid." vj: ; J
Lea almost fainted at the words "leav
ing for the Continent," but she controlled
herself.
"You don't know where she has gone
with her patient?"
"No; to tho Riviera, I suppose."
"Did Miss Craggs still live at Kensing
ton, during the last months of her stay In
London?" <
"I don't know, miss, but I think so. She
did not say anything about having
changed her address."
"I will call at the WeBleyan Club," «ald
Lea. "Perhaps they may be able to give
me some information there."
"Very likely. Miss Craggs was well
known there.
Lea gave the porter sixpence. H*
£hanked her, then, when he nad slipped
the coin in his pocket, he said:
"Have you been ill, miss?"
"No," she replied. ''Why?"
"Oh! it seems to me that you ar« much
thinner. Perhaps you have- been over
worked. But if you are quite well, after
all that's the principal thing. Only you
had better stay In London. You were
stronger when you were here. People may
say what they like, it's a good place to
live In. The fog feeds one." ,
At the Wesleyan Club Lea was given
Edith's old address in Kensington road.
. **Ana you naven'i neara rroru ttdlth
¦Ince7"
"No. She gave up her room when she
left; I -don't think she will come here
again. As a matter of fact, you are the
tiret person who has asked about her."
Still weuring the spectacles that she had
put on to search through the little card
rack, the landlady looked at Lea atten
tively.
"Have you not been here before?" she
asked.
"Yes, some time ago— almost two years
ago. 1 sometimes came to see Edith."
"Oh, you looked much stronger at that
time, miss. You must beware of London
at this time of the year. The weather is
very treacherous."
This insistence upon her ailing appear
ance irritated Lea. She bowed curtly and
went out. In the streets she remembered
that the old woman who sold shoes near
the Elephant and Castle had also looked
at her nxedly when she spoke of the Lon
don climate and the ravages wrought by
consumption. She had no elisquietude
about herself, even for a moment, but
she thought: "I must not look ill when
Georg sees me. I want to be pretty and
quite well for him."
During the last two years she had lost
all care about her dress. A keen desire
to please awoke in her. "I will buy a cos
tume so that I may be well dressed when
he sees me," she thought, looking at her
threadbare black cloth skirt.
Revolving these thoughts in her mind
she reached Kensington Gardens again.
The heat was really overpowering in the
sun, though there was a delicious touch of
freshness in the shade. Lea found a shel
tered scat and sat down.
She knew Edith's address at last! She
determined to send a telegram to Nice,
but she must have an address for the re
ply and Lea had not yet found a domicile.
The first thing to do, therefore, was to
rent a room, and as soon as she was In
stalled, telegraph to Edith at the Hotel
Metropole. At the same time, in order
not to neglect any chance she would
write to Georg and Tinka. telling them
she was In London again and resolved to
join them. She would address the two
letters to Free College. It would be nec
essary to count upon two .full days before
Bhe could have a reply. That morning she
would not have admitted that twenty-four
hours could pass before she would be with
Georg. Reality was already imposing Its
delays upon her. Lea supported it better
than she would have done a few hours
earlier, for a new care possessed her: sh«
must please Georg when she appeared be
fore him. Two days would barely suffice
to complete the insignificant wardrobe she
had brought with her from Paris in her
traveling Dag. m .
But where could she go 7
Neither Appletree. Yard nor the Pigott
dwelling tempted her. She preferred to
avoid the places where she -had already
lived. She was familiar with London, for
she had walked about it in every direc
tion with Georg, and she quickly decided
to make a choice near the British Mu
seum, where furnished lodgings are plen
tiful and cheap. As soon as she had come
to this decision she got up from her bench.
She then felt. In spite of the extreme heat
of the day. a humidity as of damp gar
ments upon her shoulders, the coolness of
the shade had condensed the perspiration
that her long: walk ¦ had . created. She
walked quickly, in order to- warm herself,
and only got into an omnibus when she
felt quite dried by the burning sun.
A crushing sensation of fatigue over
came her in the omnibus and she fell
asleep. She awoke with a st^irt in Gower
street, near the Museum. The whole
length of the street to right and Ieift lit
tle signs fixed to the door posts announced
that rooms were to let. She began her
search and selected a house of respectable
appearance kept by Mrs. Cockington and
dauarhterp. where she rented a room for
half a guinea a week, with breakfast in
the morning Included. As soon as she
was settled In the room she wrote two let
ters and the telegram. She compelled
herself to take them to the neighboring
postofflce, but as she felt an Increasing
sensation of lassitude she asked Mrs.
Cockington to send for her bag to the tea
room In Piccadilly. And lying down upon
her bed without even taking off her
clothes, she fell Into a deep sleep.
When she . awoke the room was quite !
gloomy, for the house was masked In
Front by the big Ionic building, the Brit
ish Museum. Lea, somewhat rested, light
ed the gas ".nd looked at herself in the
mirror of the wardrobe. She was filled
with consternation to see herself so poorly
dressed, so thin, so deathly pale, and her
brown hair almost without floss. She
Guflule cam- In irlth a tray and tea.
TVhen each had drunk a cup it was 11
o'clock, and the three visitors rose, In
"No. Tlie tree that we planted there
has received a death blow: or rather the
cutting that we grafted in. It ha3 been
torn out. It is only an ordinary affair
now; the fruit it will produce can be
round anywhere. No, Duyvecke. we Khali
never epain go n^ar Louise Hourteau."
"Sh" is not wicked." objected Duyvecke.
"I fee! very grateful to her. for she was
very kind and pruided me when I first
came to Paris from Hazebrouck. And be-
Eirt^s. I onlv met you through her."
"You are' right, said Pirnitz, "Louise
Heurteau is not wicked. She is intelli
gent, nnd rhc realizes the defects of femi
nine education in France. Sho mipht have
rendered important sen-Ices to the cause
cf woman, but she preferred to look after
her own ambition aqd future. Now, one
cannot serve two masters. Her efforts to
<5o pood will remain sterile. Sho has some
Illusions at present, but there Trill come
a cruel awakening. She wl]l flnd out that
ehe has acted contrary to her belief for
u*« rake of the despicable advantage cf a
eituatlcn that v.lll not even be guaran
teed to her."
DuyvecJte played Mozart's sonata No. L
The bannoaies welling out in such peace
ful surroundings again reminded Fred
erique of the evenings in Appletree Yard.
Tir.ka's silhouette, with her appearance of
a iittle fairy in a doll's dress, her cos
tumes of white starched pique, her infan
tile eyes and short curly hair; the tall
form of <ieorg bending over the piano,
his fingers straying over the keyboard
and drawing despairing melodies from it;
Edith, odd and silent; Lea. already visi
bly agitated by the anguish of love! She
vaf furrour.dod by the past, and was hap
py that the piano prevented all conversa
tion, for eho could not have ppoken.
"Where are they all at th;s moment?
Lea has doubtless rejoined them. They
are reunited in England or In Italy."
She contemplated the folitude of her
own existence, as phe had done that morn
ing In the President d'Ubziic's waiting
room. Now that the sunlight of her Juve
nile Illusion? no longed jrilded it, the harsh
austerity cf her life peemed frightful. But
her pride as a missionary rose up in sud
den protest.
"Georg and Lea. are reunited. Perhaps
they are happy. I do not envy them. I
«'o net even long for their presence, for
they are neither of them the exceptional
minds that I loved. Georg has be-come a
man like others. Lea, like Duyvecke. has
submitted to the law of feminine elav
crv "
Pirnltz'6 hand took Frederlque's and im
prisoned it. They did not exchange a
glance nor a word, but by the simple
pressure of her long, wasted hand Pirnitz
communicated her calm to the heart
*hich ehe felt was troubled.
"No. I am not alone in the world.
thought Fre-derlque. "I have near me the
being who Is most dear to me. I prefer
universal abandonment po long as she
remains with xr.e. And. above all. I love
the certainty of being in communion with
her. I could even support. If necessary,
the task <£ living far from her, but not
the eentlyfent that ehe did not approve
roe."
Dirrreclce left the piano, and while her
> us band and Daisy were talking about
Cennorne Soublxe ehe came and eat be
tide those whom she venerated as the two
?•ducators of her soul. She asked about
their pro^ecte. With her feminine intui
tion the divined that Daisy would no
longer be associated with them. Pirnitz
told of her modest ambition to establish
a school In one of the populous quarters
of Paris without any official name; one
that could not be euppressed, for it would
never be Inaugurated, so to epeak.
"If we succeed this time many of the
best pupils In the old school will come to
us."
"That Is Just what Mile. Heurteau
fears," said Duyvecke. "The last time
that I went to the Rue des Vergers to
ask ebout j'ou I saw her. You know she
was very kind to me once, and I liked her
very much. She appeared preoccupied
about your projects, although ehe knew
nothing oJ them. Sho Jet me understand
that she would ask nothing better than
to have you with her at the next reopen
ing. She' undertook to arrange the matter
with the authorities. She repeated: 'If
tJ^.ey are reailv devoted to our work they
¦»SU return. Tell Krederique, and particu
larly Pirnitz, that they will find the places
due' to them here under the new arrange
ment.' And. to tell the truth," added
Duyvecke. timidly. "I wondered whethei
that would rsot be the best solution of the
difficulty?"
Pirnitz shook hrr head:
\Vh< :i dinner w;».s over Duyvecke asked
permission to go anu put little Gaston to
bed. While she was absent Remlneau
poured en:t the coffoe in the Louis X'v r
parlor. His wife returned in a few min
utes, and as they were silent she opened
the piano. Like most of her tountry
womon. she was fond of music and played
agreeably, though without pretension.
Heminoau had no knowledge of music,
but h's admiration for Duyvecke made
him very attentive, and certain melodies
appealed to him. He sat down at a lit
tle distance from his wife, so that he could
pee her jirotllf. and then, as he paid, "in
watching her hands moving over the keys
it seemed to him that Duyvccke's fingers
caressed his heart."
"WJ'at an admirable natural law It is
that the words and the efforts of an apos
tle are never waited! The law that pre
eerves physical energy in nature also gov
erns tlio moral world. Here Is the hum
ble housohold of a workman and a some
what refined peasant. And simply be
cause tisoy havo met Pirnitz, even after
they have ceased t" walk In her steps,
they havo still the llame of enthusiasm in
their brain and an idt-al in their soul!"
"We shall do our bost. Mile. Pirnitz.
We are neither ungrateful nor wicked. If
we have a daughter, as you say, we shall
bring her up in your ideas, eo that she
will replace Duyvecke some day for you.
Duyvecke made mt promise it, and I did
it with all my neaxt."
Frt-derique, who could not find anything
to say. thought:
"You are not angry with me," she mur
mured. "Thanks! How good you are!"
Rerr.i. rolling little bread pe;lets in his
confusion and eagerness, stammered:
Duyvecke was so moved that tears rose
to her eyes, but they were tears of hap
piness. She bent over Pirnitz, and, with
one of her caressing gestures, rather stu
pid but which made hejf so attractive, sho
placed her cheek against that of the apos
tle.
"You are right. Daisy," said PImltz.
¦with hor penetrating voice. "No one is
forced to bear a burden too heavy for her
ehouldc-rs. Only, one's shoulders are al
most always stronger than erne's heart;
that is to pay. one has always less ardor
than Ftrenjrth. Don't think I am refer
ring to you, Duyvecke. You really tried
to give yourself to our work completely.
Fate took you by the hand und guided
you to marriage, to maternity, to the or
dinary life of pure women. You will
rr.ake It resplendent with the noble
dreams of your childhood and youth. If
the child bcrn to you be a girl I am sure
she win become, through you, a conscious
and free being."
"Pshaw!" eaid Daisy. "You have done
what you could. Nobody is obliged to
carry a burden too heavy for her shoul
<2<?rp."
"That is well eald!" cried Remlneau ap
provingly.
"No matter, there are moments In our
happiness when I think of our meetings
at poor Mile. d<? Saint e-Parade's house, of
the Inauguration of the school, and of my
French and geography classes! And my
hoart is very big. I shall never be com
pletely satisfied. Mile. Pirnitz. I have
learned of something that is really too
beautiful, and nothing In future will ap
pear so attractive to me."
Duyvecke frowned at him. and he be
came siient, laughing in his Jet black
beard. Frodoricjue began to feel a little
disgust for this conjugal love, with its
stories of kisses and maternity which
cropped up in the conversation at her
hosts. In Fpite of themeslves. Duyvecke
seemed to realize this, for the became
grave, and fc-aid:
BUT I fhlnk you are prettier a little
ctout." replied ItemSneau. "And.
besides," he added, screwing up his
eye'ids maliciously, "you have to
cat for two now!"
Copyrightcd-CHAPTER Ill-Continued.
B00K THE THIRD.
platform of the hansom.
"Drive to Xo. 3 Appletree Tard."
She got in, the hansom turned nimbly,
made its way across the crowded court
yard, along the Strand, already thronged
r.nd extraordinarily animated, and around
Trafalgar square, where the summit of
the column loomed up faintly in the fog.
In less than five minutes Lea got out be
fore her old dwelling. The little yellow
house had not changed, but a big build
ing in front which she remembered to
have been in the course of construction
wrs now finished and occupied. And this
was enough to modify the aspect of the
alley. Lea did not feel the emotion she
had imagined when she had thought in
Paris of a return to the places where .she
had known such ideal Joy. It astonished
her sadly.
"Is Mrs. Snyders here?" she asked the
fresh colored pretty ; little maid who
opened the door.
"Oh! no." replied the glrL "Mrs. Sny
ders moved more than six months ago,
after the death qf her husband. We leave
the name on the door plate," she added,
following the direction of Lea's glance,
"because my mistress. Miss PInkflower.
also lets rooms. Do you wish to take one?
There are several at liberty If you like,
and they are better than before. Miss
Pinkflower has put in new furniture. And
a window has been added to the room at
the end of the passage,-- Would you like
to see It. ma'am?"
"No, thank you." said Lea, stopping the
little servant's prolix chatter with some
difficulty, "I simply wanted to know if
you had the address of a gentleman who
lived here with hia sister in 1S97 and 1S98—
Mr. Georg Ortsen."
The little servant puckered up her fore
head as though making a desperate effort
of memory.
"No. I don't remember any one of that
name."
"There used to be an address book at
tho time these persons lived here. Havo
you not got it now?"
"I don't think so, ma'am."
"It used to be kept in the drawer of that
little table near the staircase."
"I will look. Oh, how curious! Here It
Is! What a good memory you have,
ma'am. I have never seen it before,
though I clean here every day."
"Yes, that is it," said Lea, taking the
oblong register In its black cloth binding.
She turned over the pages, guiding her
search by the dates. a"nd quickly found:
"Georg Ortsen; Professor and Frau Hoe
del. Apply to Free College, Allen street,
Kensinprton road."
It was evident that upon leaving for a
voyage nf which the itinerary was not
completely mapped out the Ortsena had
derided It was best to leave their mail in
care of Mme. Sanz.
"Thank you," said Lea, returning the
book.
"You don't care to stop here, ma'am?
There is a very pretty front room, with a
view Into John street."
And in a. lower tone she added, with di
verting boldness in her regard:
"Mies Pinkflower ia very kind and our
ladies are free to do as they like,"
"Thanks." said Lea, thinking: "The
house has indeed changed. What would
the worthy and melancholy Mrs. Snyders
say?"
The cabman, wrapped in h!s surly dig
nity, no longer protested, though the dls-
CHAPTER IV.
About 9 o'clock In the morning of the
day following her flight, when Lea left
Charing Cross station and saw before her,
dripping with rain that had just ceased
falling, the courtyard, with its little
Gothic monument, and further off, In the
fog, the Nelson monument and the clumsy
tower of the National Gallery, she was
suddenly overwhelmed by the reality.
Since the preceding evening— since the
moment when she had stood in the porch
of St. Augustln's Church, and had
watched the cab that carried her letter
of farowell disappear in the Boulevard
Male.shorbes. she had lived in a dream.
A Joyous fever, free from sadness or re
morse, seemed to have suddenly trans
formed everything for her. The block
of load that had crushed her down from
her infancy had fallen from her shoulders
and she felt light and froe.
"How omuM l wait so long?"
It surprised her after her liberation.
And her movements had followed each
other rapidly and Rladly— the fervent
prayer before the altar, the dinner in the
St. Lazare station, the departure at 9
o'clock, the royage. Hor feverish happi
ness tilled the hours; she had not even
time to be impatient. Admirable fever, so
rare that many human existences never
know it. too brief oven for those whom
it emancipates for a moment from the
petty cone tions of daily life and carries
outside the limits of time and space!
A fever that is. perhaps, the fupremest
human happiness, that is fed by reality
and that transports the human being be
yond the confines of material existence!
Lea felt the enthusiasm of the poet who
conceives a work and imagines it as he
will never i>e able to execute it.
To go to Georg. to offer him and receive
from him tho nipremest gift, appeared to
hor near, certain and easy. These super
human fevers burn themselves out by
thtir very excess. When they have ar
rived at their term an ordinary incident
brings them suddenly to an end. The po<:-t,
his brain inflamed, sits down before his
desk, dips the pen nervously In the ink,
f^cr.iwls a muddy line on the white paper —
and it is sufficient to disclose all the sud
den difficulty of the ta?k and to dissipate
tho mirage of his ideal conception. Until
London w.s reached Loa had only to allow
herself to bo transported. But when once
in the courtyard of Charing Cross station
she had to go through this simple act in
the morning mist, to call a hansom cab
and give an address to the driver. What
address? This was the reminder of neces
sity, the return to reality, the end of her
dream.
res, what address? Where must she go
first. Time took its real value in her dis
illusioned mind. London had not changed;
the view of roofs and monuments in the
busy, populous corner was exactly the
fame to trie traveler's eyes; but the period
e>f Free College, of Clariss' workshop, of
the little community in Appletree Yard
was two years old! Where was she to
lind Georer, even were he still in the
monster city? How could she discover
his traces were he no longer there? All
that had appeared so easy and triumph
ant to the poor girl when she left Paris
suddenly became difficult and humiliating
upon arriving in London.
"I'm losing my best time, ma'am," said
the dignified and grumbling cabman from
his high seat.
He was waiting for her to decide, after
having placed her portmanteau on tha
ppitp of the protestations of Duyvecke and
her husband.
"Wo have to wake at dawn every day,"
paid i'irnitz. laughing, "like birds whose
nest has boon destroyed by the storm, and
who nre working to build another."
They were In the anteroom putting on
their cloaks. Duyvecke said, appealing
ly:
"Oh! before you go. come and see Gas
ton asleep. He la so pretty."
Remineau and the three women followed
Duyvecke, carrying the lamp along the
corridor, and entered the child's bedroom
on tiptoe. It was a very little one and
adjoined the husband and wife's bed
room, which could he seen through the
op,>n door. The conjugal bed was in
full view, its coverlet turned down and
a night light upon the table. The bed
tht;<= displayed shocked Fredorique. With
maidenly irritation she noticed the single
depression in the middle. They would re
pose there shortly— that big, black haired
rustic, v.-hose eyes watched his first born
in his graceful slumber, and that fair
haired girl whose waist, enlarged by her
forthcoming maternity, he encircled ten
<l"rly. Duyvecke raised the lamp and in
tho hnlo of light her delicate face and
Romaine's rude visage were framed to
gether above Gaston's bed. Remlneau
kim>ed lii.s wife upon the neck.
"Lot us po!" murmured Frederiqu<iL
"Let us so!"
Cutting short the leave taking, sh*
craspod her two companions away. She
was anxious to no longer breathe this
conjugal aimo.sphere. which stifled her.
All her affection for the Duyvecke of old
was r ffacr-d. Sho bore away with her the
picture of a woman with her clumsy form
and a workman kissing her on the nape
of hor neck.
"Oh: the possibility that I may some
day pee Lea thus! Oh. no! I prefer never
to see hrr again— never!"
At that very moment the frail object
which crosses ppace and. makes all doors
open before it ns though by some myste
rious enchantment— a letter bearing a lit
tle of the absent girl's thoughts— left the
foppy island whore Frederique had for
jnerly mot Georg Ortsen. crossed the sea
in a biting equinoctial night, and unfal
teringly followed Its route toward the
house in the Rue de la Sourdiere.
Sho also learned that the nurses formed a
sort of syndicate, with their headquarters
at the club, where they met once a month.
Lea took another omnibus and recrossed
London in the opposite direction. It was
almost noon when sho got to Kensington
Gardens. It was one of those sultry,
misty days frequent In London about the
dog days, when the heat is so fatal to the
stray dogs In the streets. Lea did not feel
tired, for she was wrought up by the
semi-certainty of learning 1 ¦- Edith's ad
dress at last. She passed the end of
Allen street, and could not help glancing
toward Free College, of which she could
see the outline of the gables, with the
Jutting hexigonals of the bay windows.
She increased her pace, afraid of meeting
Mme.* Sanz or one of the mistresses whom
ehe knew. A few minutes later she rang
the bell at the little house where Edith
had lived formerly. The landlady herself.
Mme. Plgott, operied the door. She did
not seem to recognize Lea, who, however,
recognized hpr at once.
"Miss Edith is on the Continent with a
young invalid," said Mrs. Pigott in reply
to Lea's question; "but I can give you the
address she left. Will you please come
In?"
The tiny boarding-house parlor present
ed .the same appearance, with its conven
tional wedding service In silver plate,
which the widow displayed upon the dark
mahogany dresser. Some visiting cards'
were hanging In a little tapestried rack.
Mrs. Pigott. putting on a pair of spec
tacles, found Edith's with some difficulty
and read the address out loud to Lea.
"Miss Cr&gga, nurse, Hotel Metropole,
Nice."
"What Is the date of that address?"
"The end of April."
dalnful expression upon his face became
more emphatic. Lea got Into the cab
again. She dared not give the address of
Free College, but, satisfied with the defi
nite information she had obtained and
feeling rather hungry, she told the. man
to drive to a teahouse in Piccadilly, a sort
of modest London milkroom, where she
had formerly taken tea with Tinka and
Frederique. The little shop had been torn
down and replaced by an imposing build
ing with immense mirrors, mahogany orn
amentation and handsome fittings. How
ever, Lea got out of the cab, paid the
driver and entered with her valise. She
asked for eggs, tea and some orange mar
melade. While eating with an appetite
that she had not had for some time, she
thought:
"I have only to take an omnibus and go
to Free College, and I shall know in a
few moments."
who was not displeased to ex
change a few words with a human
being, told her that she had only arrived
from France that morning, the stout
woman warned her to be careful, as the
evenings were very cold after the warm
afternoons, and consumption was ravag
ing London cruelly Just then. Lea smiled
and took a deep breath Into her youthful
lungs. They arrived at the corner of
Hampton street and Lea said good-by to
her traveling , companion. Then, at an
alert pace, she walked to the workshop.
The porter, an old man with the purplo
nose, of a drunkard, was sweeping the
muddy tiles. It was several moments be
fore-he recognized her. She had to tell
film her name. »¦ • -
"Ah! Miss Legay-Surier!" he cried. And
the name in his mouth became a strange
complicated sound, like the war cry of a
Sioux Indian or of a Salakave. "Oh! you
have come back to London, miss? Axe
Walworth road would not- lower Lea's
eelf-respect. She paid for her meal— much
dearer than when in the time of the little
shop "but the big mirrors and mahogany
paneling had to be paid for— and asked
the cash girl to keep her little traveling
bag for a couple of hours, a request that
the girl consented to with the gruff polite
ness of London shop girls. Lea gcft into
the green omnibus she had taken bo often
when, she worked at Clariss*. The weath
er, had brightened up toward half past
nine, and the July sun, gradually more
powerful and sultry, quickly dried the
muddy sidewalks and streets. A fat
woman sitting opposite Lea upon the vel
vet cushions spoke to her, asked her
where she was going, told her that she
owned a shoeshop near the Ele
phant and Castle. And as Lea,
It thus became more Imperative to con
sult Mme. Sanz. Lea tried to accustom
herself to the Idea. "I am quite free. B»
sides, Mme. Sanz is so reasonable." But
she was terrified Immediately by the fear
of meeting Pirnitz and Frederique face to
face, a fear augmented by her Imagina
tion. She felt that such a meeting would
paralyze her will. She had been able to
run away, to escape unknown to them
but to say to them to their face. "No i
will not live with you!" she felt she could
not do. She then meditated writing to
Mme. Sanz. to appeal to her for help with
out betraying her retreat. She was al
most decided to take this step when an
untoward incluent retarded Its execution.
One Sunday, eleven days after her ar
rival In London, she let herself be ner
suaded to accompany the little •Cocklmr
ton girls and their mother to a party on
Wimbledon Common, the pirls' sweet
hearts accompanying them. The Ludirate
Hill salesman was a big. Jovial fellow
Irish by birth, the devil-may-care of the
band. The Lambeth policeman, on the
contrary, even in his recreation, had the
air of being on duty. . and seemed as
though he had come to arrest the entire
group and lead them off sternly to the
police station. Lea found little pleasure
fa the excursion: but she felt a keen joy
in\mentally comparing the man she loved
net- Ideally handsome, artistic and noble
Georg, with the two men who were the
representatives of love for Rose and
Mary. No, It was certain that only her
She decided to try again and sought out
the London publisher of Tlnka's books.
She found him without much difficulty,
his offlces being situated in a very old
house in Paternoster Row, near St. Paul's
Cathedral, a he clerks were very obliging
for this pretty, well-dressed young
woman, -who spoke English so purely,
with an indefinable and graceful accent.
They consulted the address book and
found the name. "Mrs. Tinka Ortsen, 3
Appletree Yard, crossed out and under
neath it written, "Mrs. Hoedel-Ortsen,
Free College, Kensington Road."
"I have written to Free College," «ald
Lea, "but have received no reply,"
"Really," said the clerk, with a politely
regretful air.
"When you write to Mrs. Ortsen do you
address her letters to Free Colleger*
"Oh, we never write to her directly. Our
correspondent for her works la at Stock
holm, as we deal directly with the Swed
ish editor. Mrs. Ortsen has never been
here."
But the time elapsed since she
dispatched her letters became abnormal
and excessive and she began to bo
alarmed in abrupt agonizing attacks. She
said tp herself, fortifying herself against
despair: "It is only a delay. Jt Is abso
lutely certain that I shall discover Georg
and Tinka."
Assisted by the comical, if a little vul
gar, kindness of the two girls, she domi
nated her distress wJth the energy im
planted in her by the lessons of Freder
ique and Pirnitz. Already underllnen
trimmed with pretty lace, fresh skirts and
chemisettes, a pretty hat and a tailor
made costume of the last Paris fashion
were hanging In the mirrored wardrobe
of her room, all acquired at a small cost.
Lea discovered that she possessed a co
quettish aptitude for dressmaking and
millinery, a faculty that she had not sus
pected hitherto, with a little of her moth
er's deftness in her fingers. This change of
work, In fact, and the pleasure she found
in it, made her think of her mother. While
arranging pleats, sewing Jet and and cloth
trimming and listening to the Idle, di
verting chatting of Rose and Mary, she
wrs conscious of this similarity of na
ture with poor Christine. She even whis
pered: "Mother! My dear mother! I am
just like you!" Now that she was no
longer under the influence of Frederique
and Pirnitz, now that she was really
alone and without family, her thoughts
naturally turned toward her pretty, affec
tionate mother. Christine would have
understood Lea's loving ¦weakness so well.
She would have encouraged her daughter
to be beautiful for him whom she loved.
Toward the end of the week Lea began
to be alarmed at her failure to receive a
reply. She suffered from sleeplessness,
and her health suffered. Mrs. Cockington
informed her of it. The desire to bo
pretty and attractive when she saw
.Georg again stimulated her anew.
A few tear3 would then be shed, for tho
ruin of Mr. Cockington in an important
spinning factory at Derby was a favorite
pubject with Mrs. Cockington. Probably
this crash had carried off the gentleman
himself, with the fortune of the house
hold, for he •was never seen. and. although
iio explanation of the matter was -given,
neither the girls nor their mother ap
peared to have any hope of his reappear
ance on the scene. Mrs. Cockington re
ferred to Him with gTeat sympathy, paid
homage to his great capacity and damned
the people who brought about his failure.
The three women walled about the scar
city of boarders. Had it not been for Lea
and the Ludgate Hill salesman the house
would have been empty. Thanks to ex
cessive competition, the "foreign trade,"
they said, had become dreadful in Lon
don.
"Rondon is full of lodgings, kept by
heaven knows whom!" declared Mrs.
Cockington. "Just look at Gower street!
There's a sign at every door! Ah. If my
husband's spinning factory in Derby had
succeeded we should not have been re
duced to such a wretched business!"
suddenly remembered the radiant, charm
ing image she used to see In the mirror in
Appletree Yard. •'-:•>
"These people are right," she thought,
"I have cnanged very much." ,
She was glad she had not met Georg
that day.
"He might not have been able to recog- 
nize me. I have grown so old and ugly;
even since the day he saw me last In the
big room of the school."
She asked for a bath, and when she had
taken it and was once more In her room
she made a careful toilet. She Inspected
herself in the mirror as she had never
done before,- even at the age when young
girls have the most predilection for dress.
She was another Lea, one who had never
yet revealed herself, now that the In
fluence of Pirnitz and Frederi>iue was
abolished. She had even coquettish arti
fices that no one had ever taught her, of
wjjich she herself had not previously been
aware, for the arrangement of her hair,
tha improvement of her figure and com
plexion. She took out of the valise, when
it was brought to her from Piccadilly, the
few rags she had collected in haste the
evening of her departure, a rather pretty
blouse of flowered mauve foulard, some
cambric chemises and drawers, very sim
ply made; but. unfortunately, no shoes,
petticoats or skirts for a change. And the
miserable hat. the governess' toque she
had worn with perfect indifference in
Paris, must be replaced by a graceful,
stylish hat for the meeting with her be-
When she went down to the dining
room for supper the two girls, Ilose and
Mary Cockington— Rose an odd little crea
ture, like a young tortoise shell cat. with
a slender, nimble body; Mary, lymphatic
and fair, but as tiny and almost as quicK
as Rose— complimented her upon her
dress and appearance. Their mother, a
bony, dried up, fair complexioned woman,
pretentiously dressed and looking like the
elder sister or her daughters, went even
further and declared that only trench
women knew how to dress so exquisitely.
Lea was pleased to find herself really
brighter, younger, prettier than when sne
had arrived. And the compliments of the
obsequious Cockington family, whose
meal she shared, did not displease her
She had to give them some account of
herself, so she said she had lost her trunk
upon the Continent, and being in London
for several days waiting for an address
»he was going to profit from them to buy
and make the different things that she
lacked. The young girls offered to help
her. They were good dressmakers, they
said, and "as a matter of fact the£ were
not too badly rigged out. It wastogreed
that they should begin the next day. No
attempt was made to invite Leas'.confi
dence. The English are very discreet and
pay very little attention to the affairs
of others. Besides, the new boarder had
paid a week in advance, and had given
Clariss & Sons as reference, stating that
she had formerly been employed there.
The air of liberty is so intoxicating after
years of servitude that Lea supported the
first days of waiting without too much
impatience. During these first days she
received no reply either to the telegram
or the two letters; but this did not aston
ish her, as she had written to old ad
dresses. In addition the time passed so
quickly in the creation of a veritable
trousseau in the society of Mary and
Rose, who gently and gayly teased the
young French girl, told her they were
sure she was going to be married, and
that the person she was awaiting was
simply her lover. Nothing more was said
about the trunk lost on the Continent.
The little; Cockington girls had built up
an ingenious romance: the French girl
had run away from her parents to come
and marry the man she loved in England.
They regarded this as .both natural and
charming, and told Lea so. They would
each have done the same if "mamma" had
tried to separate them from their "sweet
heart"—for each had a sweetheart with
whom she went for a walk on Sundays
and half holidays. Rose was engaged to
a young policeman in the Lambeth dis
trict and Mary to a salesman in a large
tailoring establishment at Ludgate Hill,
wbo, being one of Mrs. Cockington'B
boarders, had apparently taken one of the
daughters with his lodging. As for Mrs.
Cockington. she disappeared mysteriously
from time to time, disappearances that
now and again extended over a couple of
days without causing any surprise to her
daughters.
In the ineanttme Lea began to feel a
slight pain between her shoulders. She
attributed it to the stooping position «he
maintained over her drawing board al
most all day. She attempted to draw
standing up. but the accesses of pain
with a pricking sensation in her hack
persisted. Then nightly perspiration.** be
gan to occur. She was rather surprised
without being alarmed, for she ignored
what the symptom Indicated. She did not
e-M'ak about it to any one. Rose. Mary
tpir mother and the Smith family, who
noticed a change In her from day to day
tried to make her understand that her
health was threatened; that she must
take eare of her lungs; that an epidemic
of consumption was raging in the city.
Lea reassured them and herself by reply
ing. "I never cough and never have done
so. She had. In fact, no flta of painful
coughing: she did not even have a cold;
but she felt her throat almost constantly
obstructed by an obstacle that she cleared
away with a little spasmodic cough. She
ate with a good appetite, and she slept
much better since her attacks of noctur
nal perspiration.
beloved Georg could ever receive a regard
from her or one of her thoughts. It had
needed this semi-god, descended from the
Northern Valhalla, to initiate her in th->
possibility of loving. "I should never
have yielded a particle of myself to an
other!" And she spoke truly: upon this
point Lea differed from her mother. It
was here that the Influence of the teach
ers of her soul. Frederique and Pirnitz.
remained victorious over her. Lea could
become a woman only through one man m
the world. The smiling grace, the piierilo
tenderness and even the coquetry of h* r
mother had perhaps been transmitted to
her but they had been awakened in n<=r
as 'a homage to C.eorg Orsten alone, to
him who had penetrated her soul through
1 It ? had a be < en arranged that they should
return tn London by the Thames In order
to end the party joyously, for naturally
the tv.o sweethearts knew how to row
A little boat was hired at !• ulnam and
they sculled down the river, each of tho
lovers doing his best to show off his sav.I.
The day had been intensely hot and thw
coolness of the river surprised the excur
sionists very agreeably. Lut when they
attained Battersea. as the sun no longer
tempered the air. a sudden fog rose from
the surface, a fog so dnmp and cold that
after an hour of pair.fui navigation even
Rose and Mary asked to be set on ->rnre.
They cot out of tho boat as soon as they
could with a thou?and rTc<-autions r pr.
dered necessary by the thick fop. It was
half an hour's walk to tho district rail
way station, and on reaching r.omo every
body was moody and frozen. Lea fell ill
immediately and had to remain In b^d.
She had been poisoned, as It were hy tho
river's breath, and it seemed to her that
her back and limba were gripped as in ;t
vise. She was very feverish during th»
night and Mrs. Cockington in alarm called
in a doctor to examine the girl. After a
minute auscultation he declared tnat she
had a touch of bronchitis not very s
rious and that she would be quite we
again in a few days. Lea was nursed
very kindly and devotedly by Rose and
Mary, the bronchitis was thrown off. and
four days after the unfortunate excur
sion the" Invalid was on her feet again.
Thanks to the warmth of the afternoons,
she could enjoy the sunlight on condition
that she came In before evening.
More than a week passed in this wav.
and still no reply arrived to the letters
sent eighteen days before. V. hen I^.i
had completely recovered sho found upon
her table one morning after breakfast an
envelope containing the doctor 3 bill, an
other for medicine and also one for the
week's board which remained unpaid.
Altogether they amounted to about three
poumls^ gud( jen chill at her templea.
She had spent a great deal In buying her
outfit, never thinking that so many days
would pass before she rejoined </eors.
She searched in her purse, in all tho
drawers. With every coin, even the
pence, added together, she collected th^
amount required, and there still remained
6 shillings and 6 pence. She paid the biha.
but. immediately seized with terror at
the possibility of debt— the terror of peo
ple who have always lived within their
means— she ~ressed herself, went out. and
taking one omnibus after another, reach
ed Walworth road and the workshops of
Clarlss & Sons. As she had enjoyed tho
reputation of being an excellent designer,
she was immediately re-engaged by the
manager with a salary of £3 a week.
But she had to bind herself to remain
three months, except in case of iilnes3.
She signed everything they wished.
"Georg will find me working as in former
times. 8he thought, "and that will be
better." The terror of finding herself sud
denly without money overpowered all
other considerations.
Then a life of uninterrupted labor began
for the young girl, which at least had th*
effect ot diverting her attention from her
anxiety. She arrived at the factory at 9
o'clock in the morning, toiled until 6. and
In the evening resumed work passionately
upon her bridal trousseau; for. adopting
Rose's and Mary's idea, it was really a
wedding trous?eau ?he was preparing.
And the hope that the underlinen. laces
and light silks would be unfolded before
Georg's eyes, would be regarded anl
touched by him. made the work delight
ful to her. She thought of It all day whilo
designing at the workshop. In the even-
Ing, when her daily toil was ended, she
hastened to this work of love, as to a
meeting with her lover. And little by lit
tle, intoxicated by her dream, and
through the increasing anaemia due to
excessive labor and nervousness, she be
gan to find nothing too luxurious for
Georg's wife. All that she earned was
spent immediately in costume, in perfume,
in something to adorn or beautify her.
She was now minutely attentive to tho
tiniest details of her tcilet and had re
covered her former beauty. No one could
meet without noticing the tall, slender
young girl, so sunple of figure, fo grace
ful In movement, her romantic face lit up
by the feverishly brilliant eyes beneath
the fluid brown of her hair.
She went through life insensible to ad
miration, thinking of one thins only,
thinking of it with an unhealthy ardor
and continually, of the hour when sho
would be in Georg's arms and caressed
by his lips.
••I shall be his wife!"
She repeated the words aloud when
alone, like some incantation. Her ardor
became keener than her health and th«
strength of her constitution diminished.
An unchaste breath swept over the mystic
flower of her former affection, welling up
from the depths of her nature, emaciated
bv work and fever. Without knowing
precisely what she desired, ah© felt that
Georgia presence and his caresses would
satisfy her longings. And. while dream
ing of a renewal of his caresses, »h«
counted again and again, like a miser, th^
treasure of her former ones — Georges hand
stroking her hair on Hampstead Heath;
the afternoon when she had fallen asleep,
tired after a long walk, upon a sofa in
the hotel at Richmond, while h« watched
over her, sitting by her side. and. above
all the captlvatlon of her lips in the. car
riage, the kiss without end given her th«
name evening when returning home to
gether. All these souvenirs, which for
merly terrified her. of which the recol
lection had caused her veritable suffering 1 ,
now pleased her. She dwelt upon them
continually, dreaming of them during tha
day over her drawing board In the work
shop; in the evening while sewing by
lamplight with Mary and Rose. They
haunted her above all at night In th«
hours of Insomnia that consumed her
without weighing heavily upon her.
In this state of contented somnambulism
the days passed. August was half over
and although Lea had not yet received
any reply she has not taken the. one step
(a visit to Mme. Sanz) that would have
been really efficacious. She had even
tacitly abandoned the Idea. A sort of mys
tic faith upheld her. She believed firmly
that Georg and she would meet again
without any effort upon her part by th«
simple action of\destiny.Just as they had
met and loved at first. Did not their en
tire history bear the Imprint of aucn fa
talism? It should finish by tho same force
of a superhuman guidance. Lea. no longer
went out without being prepared for a
meeting with Georg. It was for him' that
she adorned herself and made herself
beautiful. And her heart often stopped,
beating when a form, a footstep, a voice,
seemed for an Instant to have turned to
reality the vague hope of a meeting.
The mystery which surrounded Lea's
life naturally Interested Mrs. Cocklngton
and her daughters In the extreme, as well
as the new boarders In the house. An
American family of five— father, mother,
two tall and. very pretty young girls and
a boy of twelve of delicate appearance
had arrived from Chicago in the early
days of August and descended upon Gow
er street to the great joy of tho landlady.
They all spoke of Lea as "the girl who
Is engaged," and treated her with much
deference. But the American household
was anxious about her health. Mr. Smith,
the l.usband. had studied a little medicine
and declared the young girl was con
sumptive. He was rather alarmed about
It for the sake of hia daughters and little
son. Mrs. Cocklngton reassured him as
best she could, exaggerating Lea'a excel
lent constitution, and carefully refrained
from mentioning the attack of bronchitis
that had followed the boating excursion.
She trembled at the thought of losing a
group of rich boarders like the Smiths.
who had the intention of remaining in,
London all winter.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
u
Lea
6is mat of tho train dispatcher— only his
balloon Is a high stool and his blrdseye
view Is a chart In front of him upon the
table. The buttons that he touches are
the little knoba of telegraph instruments,
and they carry messages to the conduc
tors of each of the three hundred trains
he handles every day.
Mr. Steininger, chief dispatcher of the
coast division, conducted mo through the
railroad offices at Third and Townsend
streets. His four assistants were at work
it the dispatching table, where the in
itniments were clicking noisily. One of
the dispatchers was tapping away with
one hand, giving out his orders, and with
the other he was eating lunch from a
basket beside him.
"We are very busy Just now," said Mr.
Steininger. "You see, It keeps U3 Jump
ing sometimes, and to get anything to
eat at all one has to manage in this way.
Decoration day we had so many specials
out that none of us got any lunch, except
Jeff here, who brought a sandwich in his
pocket."
Mr. Jefferey, who was thus referred to,
emlled with the satisfaction of one who
had Been to It that there was oil in his
lamp. He Is one of the company's oldest
dispatchers, having been at the tables for
some twenty-five years. Mr. Walters,
who Is also a dispatcher of many years'
standing:, explained to me the workings of
the chart, which was simply a lax?e tabu-
WHAT If yon were way up In the
sky in a bajloon, where you
could get a bjrdseye view of all
the coast railroads between San
Francisco and Santa Barbara,
a perfect network of them; where you
could see trains running about in all di
rections, hundreds of them— trains run
ning and screeching, trains standing im
patiently on side tracks, trains whizzing
past each other, trains .backing, switch-
Ing and breaking In two -in the middle,
trains meeting, dodging, whistling and
tearing over the ground for dear life.
What if you should suddenly find your
self able to control each one of those hun
dreds of trains by the touch of a button;
what if you could reach out a finger ar.d
set two trains moving on tho same track-,
coming from opposite directions; what if
you cculd send them straight ahead, with
their, burdens of human lives, straight
ahead to death and destruction—
That would be your power.
But what If you should also find your
self responsible for the fate of each of
those trains, and master of their move
ments; that not «ne of them should be
allowed tc move or to stop moving except
by your, order, and that they must all
be kept moving, each toward Its proper
destination: that you must give orders
which would be unquestionably executed—
orders for the meeting, and the passing,
and the stopping of each'of them, with
tha whole' network so figured out as to
allow no possibility of a collision or other
accident— and when the orders were given
to have the whole situation Immediately
changed by all of the trains beginning
to move under your direction, each mo
ment bringing about a new combination
by reason of the changing positions of
each of yo\ir hundreds of changes. How
would you do it, keeping each one moving
with as little delay as possible and guard
ing against all possible accident? To
-watch the movements of three hundred
trains that control their destiny—
That would bo your responsibility.
Such a power and such a responsibility
lated paper, upon which were kept the
time of the arrivals and departures of the
various trains from every station— all very
mysterious and confusing to the uniniti
ated.
"But you see," explained Mr. Walters,
"these charts become as familiar to us as
the keyboard of a typewriter to a skilled
writer, and we can put our finger3 upon
the location of the different trains just as
easily as the writer can find his letters.
When everything goes all right we have
no trouble. Each train is so arranged as
not. to Interfere with the other, but im
agine what a jumble it causes if one of
them gets disabled. The whole combina
tion Is immediately broken up, and all the
trains affepted have to have orders to
run so many minutes late, to lay over at
snme station or to change meeting points
—it changes the orders for all of them.
End the dispatcher has his ha/ids full for
a while to get things straightened out.
If It's a wreck, tho wrecking engines have
to b^ started out and everything possible
done to protect life and property; at the
same time arrangements have to be
thought of for other trains on other lines,
so as to make as little delay as possible;
new time to run on, new places to pass
at. new stations to wait for the passing
of other trains— all at the same time, and
then, maybe. In the middle of it all, some
thing somewhere else will go wrong— a
breakdown, a hot box, the pulling out of
a drawhead— any little thing like that will
cause a change in everything all over the
system."
I began to man-el. "The mental strain—
the tension," said I. "It must be ter
"Sometlmes," was the reply, "it la a
great strain, and every moment at the
table is so full of responsibility that one
13 never free from the feeling of tension.
A man Tho has been at It long gets to be
a crank— that Is a well known fact."
"Talking about tension," Interrupted
Mr. Jefferey. "think of the mental ten
sion of a dispatcher who has made a
mistake; where he has given fatal orders
ar.d can do nothing to countermand them;
where he knows that a collision Is Inevit
able and simply has to sit and wait till it
takes place."
"I knew such a case down In Mexico
once," raid Mr. Walters, in that manner
which betrays the possession of interest
ing stories. "The dispatcher was a young
fellow on the night trick or watch.
Through mistake he had given orders to
two trains on the same track to meet at
different stations. It was what v.e call a
lap crdcr— that Is, the orders overlapped.
He did not discover his mistake until both
trains had passed all Intervening stations.
He called up the last station on both or
ders and the operator reported that the
tr^ln had passed in both instances. It
wa3 a long run between those stations,
and he had a full fifteen minutes to wait.
He was all alone at his table and there
was no possible means of stepping those
two passenger-laden trains. He could do
nothing. The poor fellow collapsed com
pletely, and when I happened to drop Into
the office before going to bed I found him
prostrate at the table, with a pistol bar
rel to his head, waiting until the instru
ment ticked the message of the accident.
I snatched the pistol from him and tried
to brace him up. He was as white as
death and completely unmanned. I called
up the operator at the station and asked
what kind of a track they had down there
—level or hilly. 'Country full of hills;
crooked track; lots of curves.' That was
bad. A level track, where the engineers
could see, might have saved them: but
as it was things looked black. We waited
a few moments, then the Instrument
clicked. The two trains had met on a
curve, but had stopped within a few feet
of each other. One of the engineers had
seen the reflection of the headlight on the
clouds before he could see the enjine and
had stopped his train In time to send a
man ahead and flag the other train."
"And the man — the dispatcher." I said "
"He must have felt relieved. What did
he do?"
"Relieved? Well. I rather guess he was!
But he was never fit for anything after
ward—lost confidence in himself. It is all
off with a dispatcher' when once he make3
a mistake— it seems to break his contl
dence in himself completely, and if he
stays at it it, is two to one he will make
another mistake in a short time.
"Like poor r-?!,^rccr', a dispatcher I
knew up in the h?S^M» v!;.-;- : >•-.." said Mr.
Jefferey. "He wad at my table, but had
a different trick. I came In one night and
took his table while he went out to sup
per. Happening to look over his order
book I discovered a lap order. A passen
ger -and freight were booked to run
through each other between two' stations
down the line. There was plenty of time
to stop the business, as they had an hour
and twenty minutes' time to do it. so I
sent a message changing the meeting
place to one of the stations, with orders
for the freight to get there first and take
a sidetrack. Bohannan came back whist
ling about ten minutes before the collision
was due and I called him over and showed
him the order book. He looked at his
watch and made a dash for the table.
'Too late,' said I; 'reports from both sta
tions say they've both gone through. \My
God,' gasped the poor fellow, and went
down In a heap. I had only meant to
scare him a little, but It pretty nearly
finished him. He had been a good dis-
pateher. but after that he was so nervous
he never amounted to anything and threa
months later he made another mistake.
That ended him. Well." he concluded. "It
Is pretty rough ort tho nerves of all of us.
Wp all pet to be cranks."
••DIsratehers," sa!d Mr. Luke with dlg
nity. "are born, not ir.nde." Mr. Luke was
a quiet, portly gentleman nr another cor
ner of the table with too much good na
ture In h!s face to ever aspire to be a
complete crar.k. "Poets." he continued.
"have, according to public opinion, a
monopoly on that method of origin, but
we are In on tho trust."
I had no doubt of It. Those four calm
mm Pittlr;^ there at the tnh}o watching
and waiting 1 ' KadlQg ar.d rwrtYfttj: mes
pages. with n thourrn: ful flncnr occasion
ally to the brow, wore a erpnt o>ril Ilka
players at a game of rhes?— or!y th« gnmo
was Infinitely harder and the stakes were
numberless human lives.
They tcld me of an o!d dispatcher over
In Oakland who has been some thirty
years at the table, "•night hours a day."
*aid Sir. Waiters, "and swearing every
moment of every one of those eight hours.
He sits down to his work swearing and
never ceases till he gets up. Hl3 profanity
Is directed at everything In general all
over the systrm and is Interspersed with
soliloquy uncomplimentary to operators.
conductors and human nature all round.
"No. I won't give you more tim?." ha
will say with sn oath as ho taps off a
message, and all the time he Is trying his
best to do wj-at he is asked. It 1st laugh
able to h»ar him. but he is very much in.
earnest and never makes a mistake."
"For that matter none of ua do." re
markod the laconic Mr. Luke. "If we did
we wouldn't be dispatchers long." Which
is very tree. The dispatcher Is require*
to be a3 nearly Infallible as any human
being can be. He Is trusted with thou
sands of lives ar.d must be worthy of his
trust.
There were some half dozen little In
struments tappircr away on the table. To
me they meant nothing In particular, ex
cept noise. Cut to the dispatcher;* they
were like so many voices, which they
could not help hut hear If they tried. It
was peculiar to note the expression of
intelligent listening on every face during?
moments when no one was speaking.
They heard the half dozen voices all the
same.
"I suppose you hear many entertaining
things over there among all that clicking
and tapping." paid I. nodding toward tho
busy instruments.
•Oh. yes." replied Mr. "Walters, "and
we receive some queer messages. One
night I was sitting at my desk In a dis
patchers' office down in Texas. Every
thing was s'nv.- and quiet. All at ence t
heard the word 'wreck' spelled very
slowly. I waited a moment and it cam*
again. T did rot know what to make of
it, and could only wait. It was repeated
for the third time, and then the Instru
ment started off steadily with a message,
saying that a passenger train had run off
the line, that there was a bar! accident,
two coaches ditched, a number of peopla
killed and assistance was needed. Then
followed the name of the locality and
the words 'If you got this say "Ye3" slow
ly, three times.' I did not know how ths
message was sent until afterward, but t
spelled y-e-s very slowly three times, and
got the reply 'All right.' Assistance was
sent out and everything straightened up,
and afterward it turned out that thera
had been an expert operator on ths
wrecked train. He had no instrument
with him. but had climbed a poio and cut
the wire in two. Then he had tapped off
Jthe message by using the envia of ths
wire, touching them against eacn other
to make the Dashes. A message c:in read
ily be sent in this way. but the queerest
part of it all was how he received my
message. He had held the two ends oC
the wire in his hands and close enoughs
together to keep up the current and hail
felt the little shocks of the letters. Ho
could not have taken a lor.g message that
¦way, but he was lonklnc for the word
'yes' and caught the three letters with
out difficulty. The young man received
a letter of thanks from the company, to
gether with $5 for his day s work."
"There was a man up north -who kept
two trains waiting nearly all night once."
began Mr. Jefferey. "Instead of giving
a lap order he left a gap open. Gave
two trains orders to wait for each other,
and Instead of giving them the same sta
tion he named two stations about tea
miles apart. The conductors could do
nothing but obey orders, so they waited
there for each other nearly all night, un
til the mistake was discovered. That was
under the old single order system. Wo
have a system now that cuts off the lia
bility of such mistakes, each order being
checked over four times by the dispatcher
and both conductors being given the ordar
at the same time."
Then they explained to me many Inter
esting things upon their charts — how mis
takes could be made and how they could
be prevented: pictured (or me the troubla
they have with Sunday picnics and excur
sions, when all their reserve trains ara
out. "Sometimes we have seven or eight
trains coming one way and three or four
going the other— all in a distance of thirty
miles or so. Imagine how we have to
manage to get meeting places for them
all. and to keep them all moving so as to
make as little delay as possible. The rac
ing season is a nightmare— the same thing
—trains all going one way. and they havo
to get back again for another trip, all on,
the same line."
Mr. Walters was explaining all this to
me between messages and sandwiches, for
he was busy and hungry. Coffee had been
made over a little gas jet. and the dis
patcher^ being used to attending to about
a dozen th!ng3 at a time, did not seem to
mind a thirteenth task, especially as
that task happened to be a dainty llttla
lunch provided ly ; a thoughtful Uttla
somebody at home.
As I came out through the office Mr.
Frazier. the superintendent, opened a biff
door and showed me the time card map, a,
great chart representing the network oC
railways, with pins sticking In at stations
to represent trains. Of course there wero
many other things which I did not see
and •which would take much explaining to
make Intelligible, but I had seen and un
derstood enough to marvel mightily. And,
the next time I am on a train which has
to wait an hour or so at some station,
when everybody Is saying hard things
about the conductor, with an Idea that ho
has the managing of things— when pro
fanity begins to condense In the atmos
phere and every other passenger feels as
if he is being terribly abused— I shall feel
that I am a creature of very little Im
portance Indeed and remember that the
dispatcher up there at his little table Is
doing bis very best. NAN BYXBEE.
The Trrunense
ReSperiSTbiTTtT$s
£pjd Trials
¦oFtrtf*
Man Who Hold Lives of Thousands by a Press of the Finger
THE SUSVAY.. CALL.
7absurdly "raw" we are. But when spun
and woven and dipped and dyed, we
shall be some day, I have no doubt that
the world will put us high on the shelf.
day best. The. silks and plumes fio no\
hound me. In fact. I meet no one but an
occasional "eccentrique," a few fossils
and perhaps a bewildered countryman
tuny went from one to the other. They
lingered bo persistently that I began to
doubt my first impression and mentally
to apologize to them. Perhaps the gen-
unpardonably "floppy." Isn't it unfortu
nate that there Is no way of stirring up
these European races and of making a
respectable average. » While the French
woman laces herself excruciatingly, the
German woman flops all to pieces. While
the Latin races are decaying from too
much temperament and emotion, the An
glo-Saxon' becomes brutal for lack of
these very qualities. I suppose, we Amer
icans are samples of what such! a "stir
up", would produce, and undoubtedly we
are the best raw material In the .world.
At present we are almost ; too raw to
count. We do. not realize at home how
girl with her sisters and her cousins and
her aunts Is here In an indescribable
glory- She feels so amiably disposed to
ward her French Bisters that she Is try
ing to imitate them, and the German girl
is "dressing up." Can you Imagine It,
you who have been In Germany? She is
wearing French hats and French petti
coats, but evidently she has not yet
discovered the French corsetiere. When
ever I look at her I think of what Oliver
Wendell Holmes said about his aunt, that
her waist was greater than her life, for
"life is but a span." She Is often quite
pretty in the face, this German girl, but
Cardinal Woolsey was the son of a perk
butcher.
Oliver Cromwell was the son of a Lon
don brewer.
Whitefleld was the son of an Innkeeper
at Gloucester.
Columbus was the son of a weaver, and
a weaver himself.
* John Jacob Astor once sold apples in
the streets of New York. **
Bolivar was a druggist.
Mehemet All was a barber.
Virgil was the son of a potter.
Milton was the son of a scavenger
Horace was the son of a. shopkeeper.
Demosthenes was the son of a cutler
Shakespeare - was the son of a wool
stapler. wt
Then the verjr dryness of the themes lie
comes a relief after several hours with
¦pictures^ and porcelains. There are all
sorts of maps and diagrams showing the
relative militarism, debts, products, etc.,
of different countries. There are sections
devoted' to charities, wages, the mental
and moral development of the workman,
.t. e chlld\laborer and all of the thousand
things that come under social economy.
There is perhaps no collection In all of
the exposition that is of any more serious
value, but of course its spectacular mer
its are limited. The other day I met an
old lady . and -gentleman — Americans — at
this exhibit who had evidently deter
mined, like so many others, to "do" the
exposition systematically, to commence
at the beginning and to take In every
show. Unfortunately they had entered by
labeled J?R.."perlor quality."
I have found one building at the ex
position that I may visit "sans grande
toilette." This is the Social Econbmy
building. Here I am in no danger of
meeting my friends dressed In their Sun-
the Pont de l'Alma, where the first build
ing in order Is the Social Economy build
ing. I felt sorry for them, as they took
out their spectacles and glared at a col
lection of the driest looking utagrams
that a dusty political economist could de
vise. They made no comment, but faith-
wno nas lost nis way and is trjlna h!>
best to get out. "Social' economy" is not
proving an animated competitor of the
big wheel nor of the moving sidewalk.
On account of its absolute quietude I find
it an inviting resting place. Tt ariords an
escape from the hurly burly of the crowds.
fleman n writing & booTt. i*no lraoir«,
and has crossed the ocean particularly
for this exhibit! Perhaps ha is a states
man, an orator, a professor! I ' followed
them through several rooms, when the oldl
gentleman turned to his wife with this
remark: "Well. Mary. I don't think thesa
Frenchmen have got much of a show,
but we've come to see It and I guess t«'4
better keep on." I left them still looWns
at maps and diagrams and shuddered
when I thought of the miles of, such
things yet before them.
"Social Economy" reminds me of a very
devout American minister, who is at pres
ent visiting the exposition- I am not sure
whether he be Methodist or Baptist, but
anyhow, his scruples are most pronounced
and his theories most rigid. Several young
Americans were visiting the "Folles Ber
geres" a few evenlfh?3 ago. which, as
every one knows, is one of the gayest re
sorts in Paris. It is not so wicked as sorr.o
other places In this very wicked city, be
ing "possible" for one's wife, though
hardly so for one's daughter. It is pop
ular with all strangers, hut is not exactly
the place where one would expect to meet
one's ministerial friends. Accordingly
these gentlemen were duly surprised on
encountering no one less than this rever
end gentleman. "You here!" they ex
claimed in chorus. "Tes," said the minis
ter, "you see I am a student of social
ecpnomy and am here in that capacity."
And now "social economy" is becom-nc
the favorite study of these young Ameri
cans. Indeed, their devotion to It Is so
assiduous that I tremble for their endur
ance. I have not yet met them among
my maps and diagrams, but for that mat
ter neither have I met the minister.
The opening of the United States build
ing last Saturday brought out the Ameri
can colony in formidable array. Every
one was dressed In his best and a very
pwell-looking crowd was the result. Tho
plumage was distressingly crushed, how
ever, before the opening of the doors, a
set of French officers being even put In
line to keep the visitors from advancing
until the signal should be given. A threat
ening. pers.Iring. imploring and alto
gether unhappy jam ensued. - Jfow. the
French officers are most undiscrlmlnatlr.g.
It is not often that they are called upon
to discipline the invited guests of distin
guished gentlemen and their method
differ In no particular from those cm
ployed with a Sunday rabble. To issue a
finely engraved invitation and then to en
gage a policeman to receive you
when you arrive is an etlquetto
that Is decidedly orginal In tha
American esprit. Well, the tall Amer
ican girl tried In vain to main
tain her Glbsonesque pose. She couldn't
do it, she lost her temper and with it her
philosophic calm. She demanded her rights
Imperiously, •while the little American g!rl
who was rubbing all the powder off
her nose on the coat of the man Defer*
her chirped her plaints pathetically. It
was all of no avail. The officers remained
Inexorable and insolent. "It Is try the
order of your Embassador," they stated,
but I am sure that they were mistaken.
It was undoubtedly Commissioner Peck
and not General Porter to whom Is due.
the credit for this bizarre hospitality. Our
invitations read 2:30. but the moment ar
rived without obtaining our release. "VTe
still remained packed In like sardines, the
word having gone forth that w© must
¦wait for the Embassador. At last "volla
l'Embassadeur." cheered our drooping
spirits, Sousa's band commenced tha
"Marseillaise" and the crowd craned its
neck to see Its deliverer. A tall, distin
guished-looking gentleman passed befora
us and entered the building. It was not
the Embassador, however, but Varney
Gaskill of the California Commission, evi
dently quite unconscious of the greatness
that had been thrust upon him. No ons
seemed to know the difference and rr.y
friend and I did not betray the mistake.
We agreed that If Mr. Gaskill were not
the Embassador. he looked aa If he ought
to be. In the building, after a few
speeches, Mr. Peck arranged himself for
the bestowing of automatic hand-shakes.
When It came my turn for this honor the
gentleman was- looking over his shoulder
talking to a friend. The hand was there
yet In motion like a well-oiled piece of ma
chinery. I have no genius for mechanics—
they do not Interest me and I refused to
affect an interest to the extent of shaking |
the automatic hand. As the person be
hind me grabbed it in time to prevent
any interference with the regularity of tha
motion. Mr. Peck remained unconscious
of the episode.
Outside of the building I met Mr.
Foote. looking like the Peri at the gates
of Paradise. He had been unable to get
through- the crowd. He ami h!s daughter
have taken apartments on the Avenue
Victor Hugo, anrl are most comfortably
situated— a state cf affairs that is not at
all general at this particular season.
Among. other Californians. whom I met
on this occasion were Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Berkman of Sacramento, and their
friend. Mrs. Donovan.
eri ra ONS1EUR. the Commissalre Gen
//)(\ pral of thp exposition, in a very
ii \ witty apology for the tardiness
of his Ehow, assures the pub
lic that although it was impossible to
N» prepared for the opening everything
wfl] b<» in the most perfect re&dlneu for
1lie clow. In the er<vTior! of the buildings
fcyCTjrsrrantable difficulties presented
thssselre*. !?•» state?, but frr the demo
lition, "tout 'a marcher toien," the most
r-cn-.Jrrs.Mc pJsns having been adopted for
The ? .iking down of tJie structures.
Nn.tr.rnUv. every one i* laughing over ihe
Coxaslssalre'fl .ipnlo;ry and it is putting
the ST'.iTr.bicrs in ¦ rood humor in spite of
T?i**Tnrci vc^. Of course, n*** one else on
earth but a Frenchman would have been
nb> to do this, frr it fs only he who can
'.i",-rh successfully when in desperate
rtrslt?. An Ararricr.r.. for instance, with
pcrji n liurucn of responsibility on his
saorlaers nnd thin?:.-, going r.t sixes and
Hf\ Pill VOVM worry himself into his
prsvc I rom«"rr;'->rr rrr.dlng years ago
¦bout as Irriian cp.rr'.ni by Niagara who
fonsbt with all his might against the cur
rent, until realizing that It was hopeless
Tie rf.'.'rti. li'rr.fclf In the ranop and com
merced tr> ring. There is something In the
French temperament which reminds me
r.f the Indian, hut the Frenchman laughs
Tvl-.ero the 4r;d^n s:sr.:r. When everything
<•>»> fr',;*. tlie Frenchman makes merry,
b* r: l-ait v.ill have bis j^ke. The Com
jr.irraire Genorr.l hr.s been fighting the
cvirrrr.t for a number of week*. The new»
papcra have nbused him vielcusly and
thir.rs have gen* awry for him most per
f'.ptcr.'iy. yet like n. true Frenchman h*
make? fun of his oxvn dilemma and ob
tains fnrjrivcness at once.
Every one feems to be in a better humor
vi:h the exposition, but. of course, there
Is more reason for this change of senti
ment than the OomTnis?a!re's apology.
At "»?.s* i hlr.es are petting themselves Into
a very present r tie r!iape. The exposition
In not by any means completed, pas du
lo-jt. yet there i* a great deal that is
ready to be looked at. quite sufficient
In tad to wenr out brains and legs for
a ir.ort in<Vr.nit<* period. Quantities of de
bris have bet-U removed from the walks
and passage ways, sad. as the sprinkling
carls m.ike their daily round?, allaying
the fearful dust. liJe at the exposition Is
becoming bparaWt. It is becoming possi
ble to oxpresr an opinion concerning the
great enterprise and to compare it with
other expeditions, all of which was unfair
¦while mrh chaoa existed. In comparison
w'.ih the Chicago rt position there are two
rets rf cpirlcn? afloat, neither of which is
valuable. The f.rst Is from that numerous
elzrr. of p<v~7:> -arhr> think that everything
on this side of the water is better than
what Is en the other fide; the second is
from a certain type of Individual, con
ftjIcuous In Kurop*\ which loves to talk
about "what we have In America." I have
r.o dcubt thr.t this latter Is quite as pro
nounced to America about "what we had
in EuiOpe.** reople who are unbiased
r.r.d unaffected, who jtry to see things as
they really are, regardless of any kind of
tertlracct, are not so positive in their
Jucgment. yet I thir.k the tendency la In
favor of Chicago. 'TJrs true there are cer
tain perspectives in Paris which were not
eqiaded ir. America. Locking from the
Chiircrs Ejvsccs to the tomb of Na
pojecn la a. vista undoubtedly more won
fierful than anything that Chicago pre
rer.tpd: then our Midway Plaisance hardly
compa-red with the Oriental city at Tro
oa/Jpro. with Its domes and minarets. Its
life and color. But having made these, ex
ceptions the balance must be for Chicago.
There Is certainly not the "Inspiration"
In th<» Parts Exposition that existed In our
lovely "white city." It Is not the
"dream," not the "poem" that we were
fo successful in materializing. We had
r:ot the historical background that Is so
much lauded in Paris, but In this defi
ciency I can only find a charm. An I think
cf the "white city" it seems to me all the
more fairy Jike on account of Its freedom
from historical associations, all the more
as if it had rprung up at the touch o? a
w.ind for having no shadows of any sort,
r.o payt weighing It down with tragic sug
gestion.
It is hard for Parisians to realize that
anything so beautiful ar.fl so really ar
tistic as our Wor'd's Fair was ever at
t.i:n«*<3 In Ch:cp.go. the very name is so
woefully "wild and woolly" to them.
Amor.? my acquaintances is an old French
la*3y who always confounds Chicago with
Madagascar. One day she related to ma
b lcr.g ftcry about "the cannibals in Chi
cago." I listened with a polite degree of
Btte^tior 1 . thinking that perhaps the coji
r.lbals had b«~en left over from the World's
Fair: tot when Fhe spolie of the queen
cf Ch*cr_gr> wearing a ring in her nose I
realised that something ivas wrong.
"Toa can't mean Chicago." I ventured
to say. "It wr.8 probably Madagascar oi
th« Fiji Islands."
"Pci;t-etre." tshe responded ¦with the ut
most Jr.difTorenco. "But no matter; it wa:
one of these barbarous countries."
Che American girl has the reputation of
belrg the most independent of her sex.
but assuredly phe. docs not deserve this
repute. The English woman is the only
realty Independent female In all the world,
and the Paris Exposition is a good place
to prove it. The French woman Is mak
ing the exposition the fashion. She Is
jiatronJz'.r.g It as she patronizes the Grand
Prix or the Concours Hippique. Th«
modistes are. advertising exposition
dresses ar.C exposition hats, and not the
lenst attractive of the great show is tn«
dress parade. The short skirt, shirt waist
end sailor bat of the Chicago Exposition
ere not "comme il faut" In Paris; but all
rorts of silks— principally the foulard,
with elaborate lace trimmings, trailing
,nkirts ar.d ostravasnr.t creations in mll
jlinery— ha\*e rupplanted our comfortable
simplicity. Now the American girl has
an excellent chance to prove her inde
pendence, but I am finding her woefully
wanting. She is really more Parisian
than the Parisians. In almost every par
ticular che goes them one better. Her
fkirt is a little longer; her hat a little
more extreme. She is helping out with ail
her might the rather ridiculous plan of
making the exposition "fashionable." But
the English woman, does Bhe conform?
JCot In the least. Her skirt Is even a little
shorter than usual (I . suspect that It Is
lest year's cut off around the bottom);
bcr hat is a four-shilling sailer, and her
g:o\es are dark and Bubstantlal. Bhe Is
despised and laughed at by the French,
but what of It? She goes ner way. sub
limely indifferent. She is not uncon
pcious of the effect that she produces; she
is not in the least defiant, but she is sim
ply and absolutely independent. There la
yet another woman who is becoming con
spicuous at the exposition, and that is thi
fair-faced German. Germany is exerting
herself' this year to be friendly with
France. Her exhibits are unsurpassed by
anything at the exposition, and her people
are arriving in numbers. For thirty years
France has hated Germany with all tbe
ardor of her soul, but this year her an
tipathies are so strongly occupied with
England that she has nothing left for her
neighbor over the Rhine. It is not that
8be hates Germany less, but that she
hates England more.
The greater hate being bo absorbing
r.nd so pronounced, the lesser becomes al
most an attachment. Well, the German
THK t5,UJN r lJAi: kJaLjTj.
8
AROUND THE
EXPOSITIONTHE SUpTD^Y CAI1I1.
9THE SUNDAY CALL..
10
THE
POSTER GIRL
THE poster girl is the girl of to-day.
Whether she started the posters or
the posters starte 1 her is yet to be
discussed. At any rate, we saw
prints of her bursting; forth upon bill
boards and book coveis till of a tudden
one year, and then we looked about and
found that she was entering the thr. ter
or alighting from that carriage or walk
ing directly beside us. C-- : -
Some of the other girls can't be pos
teresque, but you can. Its absurd to see
that little dump of a Mollie affectin.: the
curves and floats of posterism, isn't it?
She is as graceful as a duck and as lithe
as a pumpkin. And as for Maude— 'veil,
it is . impossible unless she should train
the expression of her face to assume the
attitude of her gown. But you,, slender
and flexible and with a face that fol
lows all the quick little shifts of thought,
and hands and arms; that do likewise —
you have only to snap your fingers and
presto, you are transformed Into the pos-..
ter girl of .1900.
Occasionally one is found whe can as
sume all picturesque poses of the real
poster girl with equal ease and grace—
such a one ia Miss Lillian Burkhart, who;
besides being a. clever actress, is also
gifted with a keen sense of the artistic.
It is- easier than you guess to make
your expression (of. face and body roth,
mind) tell a whole story in one single
•pose, if you only know how. But you
can't know how unless you feel how.' Per
haps that sounds more discouraging thai,
it really is. After all, we m-arly all of
us feel, and what we need .is to- teach
our personalities to tell the little . atories
that we are all the time living over in
our minds. A few years ago a man went
from, coast to coast teaching the art of
expression, and he was adored and be
fadded by some, sneered at and carica
tured by others. Both classes overdid the
matter. He was an absurd extremist,
that is true enough, so absurd that in
time he and his fluffy bang and his thumb
ring disappeared from off the 1 face of the
known earth. But what he taught about
expression has its value, and for that he
is remenbered a little even in this year.
"The •wistful girl," wistfulness aside,
shows as perfect a poster outline as you
willfind.' The long curves are there, the
forward tilt of the belt, the floating effect
of the skirt about the feet, are all there:
There must be a basis for these lines
In the first place, but training goes a
long Way. ' Practice standing with, the
knees back ana you will- get the proper
tilt. Once having it, be sure to keep It.
Then throw the shoulders back, the chest
forward.' Try walking with arms hanging
downward behind, hands clasped. Pretty
soon you will find your figure coming to
terms. • ••.';¦¦-
Then about dress. Study the correct out
line and, follow it.- Details count for less
than your dressmaker would have you
believe; whether your belt Is stitched or
braided means so little, but that your
skirt should cling at the hips and flare
at the heels means so much.
.Beyond these few -rules you must help
yourself. Nobody can teach you to look
¦wtetful or earnest or— lovable Not that
you could help it if you tried, but — » -o <zfi> jffHO Trill follow me to tn^ war?
VVA// 0 ' 11 have a good horse to
xjfxy ride? Who'll wear a pistol and a
sword hy h!s side? and fight-"
Here are rral war herpes, the kind you
have heard about, doing a war dance. Just
to chow how it S3 done.
The plainest thing to b<? corn is that the
horses <ire all in natural positions, show-
Ing that their work is mere play.
Pen tketches of horses in action usual
ly show a humped back and logs t:cd In
knots that cou!d never b«* undone before
the animal died of cramps.
¦These photographs were ir.ad<? while
troopers of tho Sixth Cavalry were at
their regular morning es.ercise of jump-
Ing barricades end slicing- dowr. hill, with
all of tht arms and cccouterrr.er.i3 that
are regularly used fn actual war. The
dead weight In the way of ammunition
and other Impedimenta carried by th^pe
horses would break the heart of a regular
hurtcr cr steeplechase racer, yet they are
expected to and do keep It up all day. and
Ca.y after day, for weeks.
The cavalry horse, though, receives the
very best of care and attention.
The back of a horse is often made sore
by careless, heavy action on the part of
his rider, or by an incorrect arrangement
of the saddle blankets. There is a very
simple and easy preventive for this in
the army, which is to let the rider Walk
until the hack has a chance to heal.
Liphtncps and rapidity of action is the
chief advantage of the cavalry. To obtain
this nearly everything else is made sub
»«< virnt. The American cavalry, while
it lacks the spectacular appearance -of
European horse. Is far ahead In all of the
requirements of actual warfare. Our cav
alryir.e.i are not handicapped with nickej
plated wash basins on their heads, while
brightly dyea cowtails and gayly painted
straps dangle round themselves and their
chargers. Gewgaws are all very well en
review and certainly look very fine In pic
tures,"but fifty years of continuous Indian
fiRhtlng have taught our horsemen just
what they need In their business, and they
have that and nothing more.
The result of all of this training and
experimenting, with actual war for the
trial, has developed our cavalry in prac
tice to be a highly useful arm of the
service, while tacticians of English and
Continental armies have been gradually
coming to believe that the Improvement
in small arms had made cavalry. a thing
of the past — a decaying- branch of the mil
itary tree.
The American cavalry is planned on a
different line from that of any other civ
ilized nation. '
The horsemen of other armies are lineal
descendants of the old knight, in armor
who weighted himself and his horse with
sheetiron until- mobility was out of the
question. Over this armor" were waving
ribbons and blazoned designs, so that In
a chance medley friends might know
whom the visor concealed. - •
The ribbons and the paint are still re
tained on the Continent and that was why
the military, v/riters said that the cavalry
was an expiring arm of the service.
Our troopers have modeled on different
lines.
The Indian, mounted naked upon his
bare-backed pony, circling round and
round his prey like the soaring hawk, tire
less /as* the wind because unfrelghted and
unhampered; that is the model which the
American has had before him, and neces
sity has compelled that the Indian be met
by a man on an equal footing.
The rough riders have' been assumed to
bVa type more skilled; in American rid
ing than the regular cavalry.
But one cannot see the Presidio troopers
at their drill without feeling that as far
as the yellow "trimmed- warriors go the
army is not hampered by any restraining
dignity.
The school of riding in use Dy tne troop
er Is distinctly Mexican. The horse Is in
the first place free from superfluous
trappings. He is ' taught to be guided
merely by the touch of the rein on the
side of. his neck. There is but one pair
of reins and these again are held in one
hand. ;'_¦'-;
This Is a strong contrast when compared
with the cumbrous lines, snaffles, martin
gales, checks and other steering machin
ery from; which the European has to dis
entangle himself when emerging from a
hotly mixed cavalry charge.
The Boers have had no military train
ing except of actual practice and their
methods correspond very closely to ours.
There is no doubt that. when the war is
ended and their true stories come out,
thera will be some of the most wonder-
nil tales of endurance and execution that
have ever been given the world, with the
exception perhaps of the feats performed
by the band under Colonel Mosby.
Our own cavalry In the Philippines has
had a splendid effect in impressing the
natives; with the power of the army.
The size of the horses is. of course, as
tonishing to them, for theirs are like all
Island Horses, very much undersized.
But if Is the leaping of the horses over
their barricades that most astonishes the
Filipinos, and when the tales of the won
derful leaps and the effects of the dis
charge of weapons are repeated from
mouth to mouth It is not long before it
becomes a wonderful epic of flying mon
sters, spitting fiery death upon all before
them.
That is why the bolo men run. So
much for our troopers in the Philippines.
The cavalry Is a long way from the end
of its work. There is now every prospect
that America may yet be compelled to
act on the defensive In China and there
Is no doubt about tne way tnat the Chin
ese will flee; from cavalry.
They ride a littlo themselves, but only*
on cows, which are far from making:
horsemen of them.
The cavalry man leads the finest life In
the world in hi3 own opinion and none can
know better than he.
While every other being Is complaining
of his hard fate, the cavalryman dashes
about over the world, mounted on the
tost horse that money can buy: a Ufa
lone salary, with a pension at the end for
his family; all that he wants to eat and
wear and the glory of being a defender of
his country. All of that, but best of all,
health,- that Is the cavalry man's happy
lot. ¦
Artificial sponges are now made In Ger
many from a mixture of pure cellulose
with zinc chloride and sodium chloride.
These sponges will absorb wa'ter in the
same way a3 the genuine article, and
when allowed to dry they become just aj
tirra in substance.
¦ > . ¦ ¦ ¦
,~-THE -SUNDAY OAXL. ;
11
AMERICAN CAVALRYTHE SUNDAY CALIi.
120ND0N. June 16.— A special dispatch from Hongkong says all the Peking legations have been destroyed and that the
German Minister, Baron von Ketteler. has been killed.
1 PARIS. June 16.— The Foreign Office views skeptically the dispatch from Hongkong announcing the destruction
I of the foreign legations at Peking, and points cut that telegraphic communications with Peking are cut and news
' * should be taken with prudence.
LONDON. June 17. 4 a. m.-*There is no confirmation of the reported destruction of the legations In Peking and the
killing of the German Minister, Baron von Ketteler. nor the later report of fighting between the British and the Chinese.
Dispatches from Shanghai, dated last evening, state that Admiral Seymour's force Is in a tight place between Lang Fang
and Yung Sun, with enormous masses of soldiers in front, while the Boxers, with more soldiery, are cutting the railway ia
the rear. The Kiang Nan arsenal, outside of Shanghai, is sending vast quantities of ammunition north. All Is <juiet at
Shanghai, but trade has been disrupted. It is stated that 7000 Americans are coming from Manila and that large forces of
Japanese are also en route. The wires south of Tientsin have been cut and the ciity telegraphically Isolated.
According to a special from Vienna it is stated in diplomatic circles there that the Question cf iaterrention ia under dis
cussion by the powers. It is proposed that Japan shall act as mandatory of the powers and re-establish order in Peking
and elsewhere. This, it is said, emanates from England and 13 supported by Germany and Austria, but it Is doubtful if
Russia and France will agree to the proposition. St. Petersburg reports that cemmunlcatlon berwen Kal Gaa aid Peking has
been interrupted. There is great excitement at Kal Gan, where a missionary has been attacked.
The entrance to the German Embassy is shown on the right of the pictuxs
to Have B: en Murdered.
From the Illustrite Zeitung.
The Street Before the German Embassy, Peking 1 , Where Baron von Ketteler Is Reported
DispatGhes From Shanghai State Tfat the Foreign
Relief Forces Are Confronted bu Masses of
Chinese Soldiers, While Boxers Are Cutting the
Railway in the Rear.
Alarming Stories ' Continue to
Come From the Chinese
Capital, hut the Latest Yet
LaGk Denial or Confirmation,
Washington Authorities Consider .the
Situation So Serious That Unless
Admiral Kempff Is Heard From
Within Twentu-Four Hours General
MacArthur Will Be Ordered to Send
Troops From the Philippines.
NEW YORK, June 17.— A dispatch received in New
York last night from Hongkong states that all
the foreign legations in Peking had been de
stroyed, and that Baron von Ketteler, German Minis
ter to China, had been killed. Up to 3 o'clock this
morning neither denial nor confirmation of these re
ports had been received, but stress is laid upon the
possibility that they are merely more or less specific
amplification of the rumors current in Shanghai nine
days ago.
It is to be noted that the special dispatch from The
Call and Herald's correspondent at Hongkong report
ing the departure of the British cruiser Terrible for
Taku to-day adds that many rumors were current but
makes no mention of the destruction of the legations
and the murder of the German /Minister. Late cables
Vrom Shanghai also have no reference to the earlier
Hongrcoi"«£; story.
L^rlin linds it difficult to credit the report. Never
theless an official note to the effect that no confirma
tion had been received has not tranquilized the public
mind, particularly in view of the dispatches received
in the German capital from Tientsin stating that the
Boxers entered Peking on June 13 and attacked the le
gations, bein£ repulsed with the aid of Maxims. '
Sheridan P. Read, former United States Consul at
Tientsin, who knows the Chinese capital well, points
out in an interview that the foreign legations, with
the exception of the British, might be easily attacked
with success owing to their position under the wall of
Peking.
In Washington there was an evident fear that the
£ilarrnin£ reports mi^ht prove to be only too true.
How serious the Chinese situation generally is consid
ered to be by the authorities there is evidenced by the
decision that in case Admiral Kemp?? is not heard
from within twenty-four hours to instruct General
MacArthur to send troops from the Philippines.
j^\ ALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL,
(.WASHINGTON, June 16. — Official and diplomatic
Washington is in a ferment over the Chinese crisis. The
report from Hongkong this morning that the German Minister
at Peking had been killed and the legations burned grew by
night to proportions of the massacre of all foreigners in the
Chinese capital. Unable to reach either Minister Conger or
Admiral Kempff, and failing to obtain confirmation or denial ot
the report from the embassies, the authorities fear there may be
some ground for the rumor, especiallv since the British Embas
sador received last night a dispatch irom Tientsin stating that a
rumor was current there, seemingly well authenticated, that the
Boxers at Peking planned to attempt to destroy the foreign lega
tions to-day. Just how Tientsin was able to get such news from
Peking no one seems able to explain, and Minister Wu. the Chi
nese representative, seized upon the absence of communication
between the two cities as evidence of the falsity of the report. It
is suggested also that if an attack were made on the German le
gation, the French legation, which adjoins it, would iikewise
have been an object of assault.
TROOPS MflY BE SENT F^OM PHILIPPINES.
Whether the rumors be true or false, the administration has
concluded that it would be unwise to wait longer before taking
determined measures for the protection of Americans and their
interests in China. Secretary Hay discussed the situation with
the President this morning, and it was stated afterward that un
less the President should receive a dispatch from Minister Con
ger or Admiral Kempff within twenty-four hours General Mac-
Arthur would probably be ordered to forward troops from Ma
nilla-
This determination has been reached with reluctance. Ad
miral Kempff was asked if he needed troops or ships. The dis
patch was probably delivered, but now that the wires are cut the
answer will have to be taken by a vessel to Port Arthur, whence
it can be wired across Siberia. As the distance between Taku
and Port Arthur is only 200 miles, it is thought the dispatch
can be filed at that point to-night or to-morrow morning, and
will reach here by afternoon.
There is a strong feeling among officials that -in the interest
of protection of Americans all over the Celestial Empire a large
force should be sent to Peking, the United States taking the lead
in compelling the Chinese Government to suppress the Boxers
and protect foreign life and property. In discussing the crisis to
<lav one official said that somebody had blundered. Had a
strong force of marines been sent to Peking at the beginning of
the trouble, and had the powers unitedly demanded the supDres-
LOVDOV June 16.— A special dispatch from Shanghai, dated to-day, says it Is
reported that after the audience of Sir Claude Macdonald, British Minister
to China with the Tsung -11 Yamen fire foreign Ministers demanded a safe
conduct for their servants and their. people, notifying" the Tsung h Yamen
that they could no longer maintain relations with the Government. The an
«wer was "Certainly not. "What other answer could be expected in a civ
ilized country?" This was 'followed' by an increase of the forces around the gates,
and the next night widespread incendiarism. •
This incendiarism prevailed among the foreign residences. The massacre ot
native Christians and other friends of foreigners was also common. The building
of the \merican mission, the customs, the mess quarters and a number of other
structures were destroyed. The guard alone saved the foreigners, who. it is stated,
are huddled in legations, very short of food and deserted by native servants.
I-ate Chinese reports state that the Empress has ordered Liu Kung Yih, Chang
Chi Tung and LI Hung Chang to hasten to Peking. They will probably find an
excuse for declining. The latest edict against the rioters especially avoids men
tioning the Boxers. ',•«"•' Z
Berlin and St. Petersburg dispatches assert that Russia and Germany have
combined for common action in China. It is reported that a high Russion person
age is going to Berlin to arrange details.
Dispatches from Tientsin say- that the Boxers entered Peking on the evening
of June 13. destroyed several missions and attacked the legations, but were re
pulsed with the aid of Maxims. No Europeans were reported killed. The atti
tude of the Chinese troops toward the Boxers was uncertain.
Foreign Ministers Said to Have
Been Defied at Peking and
Acts of Incendiarism and Mas
sacre Increased.
View of High Street, Peking, Neap the Principal Entrance to
the Purple City.
(From a photograph loaned by Supervisor William F. McCarthy, which
was lately sent to him by his brother-in-law. A. P. Chanol, who has been In
Peking for some years.)
Peking is composed of two great cities, tlie Chinese City
and ths Tartar City, both surrounded by and separated ;from each
other by a wall. . Within the Tartar City is the "Yifterc*? or
perial" City, and within it again is the "Purple" or '.TcYbidden"
City, where ars situated the many palaces of the Emperor and his
court. The entrance to .the "Forbidden" City is on 'the right cf
the picture. -The foreign legations, said to have bsra burned, ars
a few hundred yards further to the right, and not shown.
PEKING LEGATIONS REPORTED BURNED
AND THE GERMAN MINISTER MURDERED
Continued on Page Fourteen.
But* a member of the diplomatic corps when asked about
this did not agree that Europe would so willingly support the
United States. There is a disposition in Europe at this moment
to regard this country as very close to Great Britain, and he
doubted if any willingness would be shown to have it assume the
leadership. "
tents and purposes jointly bound with other powers. A China
man who is wounded by an American bullet will not differen
tiate between the man who fired while his Government was pur
- suing an independent line of action " and the" man alongside of
him' whose Government is acting with the others. This official
suggested that the United States could speedily end the trouble
by informing the powers that it : intended to take vigorous action
for the. protection of foreign life and property. Great Britain
and Japan would be g4ad to consent to American intervention,
and Russia, which he does not think wants war, would probably
also agree.
BERLIN. June 15.— A seml-ofSclal dis
patch from Tientsin, dated June 15 (Fri
day), reads as follows:
'"The forcisrn settlements here are ade
quately protected. Bands of Boxers have
appeared In the nativa ijwn. They have
burned three chapels and are spreading
terror among the foreign inhabitants. Two
railroad bridges between Tientsin and
Lang Fang have been rendered impassa
ble by the Boxers and the construction
train dispatched to repair the destruction
BANDS OF "OXERS
SPREADING TERROR
LONDON*. June 15.— British marines and
sailors fought the troops of General Jung;
Fuh Slang several hours. Many Chinese
were killed.
BRITISH MARINES .
i KILL MANY CHINESE
There is reason to believe that the powers are consulting
among themselves as to the character of intervention necessary
to end the disturbances. The President, nevertheless, is disposed
to insist only on the protection of American life and property,
and so long as China's integrity is preserved/demand the observ
ance of American trade rights as guaranteed by notes ex
changed relative to the "open door."
[Yet, as an official pointed out, this Government is to. all in-
The administration, however, will proceed cautiously. In
the State Department it is held that everything was done in the
beginning to protect Americans and their property, while at the
same time pursuing the historic policy of this Government of
preserving independence of action. It was thought marines
and sailors would be sufficient, but if it is found they are not,
then General MacArthur's forces will be promptly drawn upon.
The War Department is averse to sending troops from Luzon,
inasmuch as any substantial decrease of the , force may cause a
fresh outbreak in the Philippines, and also because the offi
cials doubt if the President has authority to order troops to in
vade China when war does not actually exist. Some even assert
that Congress must be called into extra session to give the
President such authority. The State Department authorities,
however, say the troogs will go to China simply to guard Amer
ican life and property, and such action is not an act of war, but
of a police character.
sion of the Boxers, there would have been no trouble. ' But the
Empress Dowager and her advisers counted rightly upon the
jealousy of the powers, and the Boxer trouble has been encour
aged and riots are now occurring all over the empire.
ADMINISTRATION TO PROCEED CAUTIOUSLY.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FKAXCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900— THIRTY -TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 17.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 13 to 22
Paps 13 to 22Ej>ecial Dispatch to The CalL
¦R -r APA, June 16.— The celebration
j\ J planned for Napa this year on the
I \i F" ourt ' 1 °f July is an elaborate one,
I V and nothing ls being overlooked to
"*• * make It the grandest demonstra
tion pvor held in this beautiful city in
honor of the nation's birthday. All neces
pary arrangements have, been completed
and the outlook Is very bright. It is givwi
under the auspices of the Eagle Cycling
Club, which has o"n two former occasions
demonstrated that it knows how to man
age affairs of this kind. ¦>
There will be a grand street pageant, in
which the business houses will enter ele
gant floats; the Fire Department is to
have the apparatus decorated handsomely
and the ladies will appear in elegant and
costly costumes in decorated carriages,
the latter being one of the most unique
features ever introduced here. Liberal
prizes have been offered.
Miss Edith Bush will be the goddess and
hftr maids of honor will be Misses Lillia
Sweet and Clara Xeilsen. This trio are
the most popular and leading belles of
N'apa and better selections could not haVe
been made for the occasion. Miss Bush
cornea from u. family of goddesses, a sister
having on a former occasion assumed the
role that she is to take this year. Ulisses
Sweet and Niflson are talented and ac
complished young ladies and will make
most charming maids of honor.
County Treasurer .George F. Gardner
will be grand marshal and State Senator
J. C. Sims of Santa Rosa will be orator of
the day. :
A feature of the. parade will be a float
to resemble a large barge, In which the
goddess, as Cleopatra, will ride under a
pretty canopy, accompanied by her maids
of honor. The barge will be propelled by
small oarsmen and guided from a : high
deck in the rear by a tiny helmsman.-
The following named persons compose
the committee, to whom credit is due for
untiring efforts put forth in behalf of the
approaching celebration: Dr. W. H. Ev
ans, Theo A. Bell, W. G. Thompson, H. P.
Goodman, Charles Reams, Will Keig and
A. L. Voorhees.
HOLLAND TAKES A HAND.
THE HAGUE. June 16.— The Govern
ment has Instructed the Governor General
of the Dutch East Indies, Herr W. Roose
boom. to dispatch a warship with troops
to China.
tachments of foreign troops, dispatched
on Sunday last, are now endeavoring to
repair the line. "V.
SANTA ANA. June 16.— The Thirty-sec
ond District Agricultural Association de
cided to-day to hold a county fair in Santa
Ana for four days, beginning October 3
n«-.xt. The directors are arranging for sev
eral special, features, such aa a baby
show, a balloon ascension and a ladies'
tournament.
Pair at Santa Ana.
Our opal mines are about exhausted.
the fleet already at Taku, decided to dl«
patch a military force of about 1000 men
to Tientsin, in order to strengthen the
hands of the Japanese Minister in China.
The latter is acting in full concert with
the other representatives of the prin
cipal powers." - •*¦
LEDYARIVS SON-IN-LAW.
DETROIT, June 16.— Baron von Ket
teler, tho" German Minister to China, who
is reported to. have been killed in the
Boxer riots in Peking-, was a son-in-law
of Henry B. Ledyard, president of the
Michigan Central Railroad. The Baron
was married to Miss Ledyard In 1SDL
When the news was conveyed to the Led
yard home it was their first intimation of
what is said to have occurred. Members
of the family stated that the Baron's
wife was with him in Peking and that a
cablegram had been received from them a
week ago saying all was well.
LARGE nrCTENTJIARY FIRES.
SHANGHAI, June 16.— Last night's ad
vices from Tientsin report that large in
cendiary fires occurred in the eastern part
of the city, where three English and
American churches were burned, besides
the residences of many foreigners. Tele
graphic communication ls interrupted, the
poles having been burned and there ls no
hopo of immediate repairs ' being made.
REIirEF TRAIN HETTTRNS.
SHANGHAI, June 16.— The train con
veying the relieving party with food and
ammunition was obliged to return, being
unable to reach Lang Fang, where de-
Splendid Pageant Planned, in Which Miss Edfth
Bush Will Appear as Goddess of
Liberty.
NAPA CITIZENS PREPARE
TO CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
LONDON, June 17.— There is no news
to-night reported from the seat of
war in South Africa, where, the
British forces are continuing to
clear off the Boers on their front
or holding In check or dispersing those
threatening the rear of Schopernok. Gen
eral Rundle's line at Senekal and Ficks
burg is now almost invulnerable.
The Boers attacked Ficksburg yesterday
morning, but were driven off. President
Steyn of the Free State is still trying to
encourage the burghers. General de \\ et
is trekking north of Bloemfontein.
Commander of Pioneers Killed.
In an attack on the railway pioneers
near the Zand River yesterday the Boers
were driven off, but General, Seymour,
commanding the pioneers, was killed. He
f.as an American and was formerly em.
ployed on the road.
The indications are, according to reports
from Cape Town, that the ministerial cri
sis will soon be ended by the formation of
a Cabinet by Sir Gordon Sprigg.
Besignation of Schreiner. ;
PAARL, Cape Colony, June 16. — At to
day's meeting of the Afrikander Bund
Congress a letter was read from the late
Premier. Mr. William Schreiner, announc
ing his resignation and describing the
cause of the differences between himself
NEGOTIATIHG FOB. STTEBENDEB.
LONDON, June 15.— A rumor Is rife In
the city that Lord Roberts ls negotiating
with President Kruger and General Bo
tha, through their wives, regarding terms
of surrender.
"LAINGS NEK. June 15.— Now that
Natal is clear of the enemy, I wish to
call attention to the disgraceful way In
which private property was treated in th»
part of the colony they occupied. Their
willful and needless damage ls visible ev
erywhere, and houses when not complete
ly wrecked have been desecrated with
filthy Ingenuity. That thl3 has been dona
with the consent of the leaders is proved
by the fact that while in Charlestown
every house was wrecked. In Volkrust.
two miles off, but in the Transvaal, every
house was Intact."
"Botha's army has retired and ls be
lieved to be at Mlddelburg. His rear
guard was surprised and entirely routed
by Ian Hamilton's mounted infantry.**
The War OfRce has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Buller:
¦were surrendered, and Hans Eloff and
Piet Kruger, son of the President, were
to make submission to him yesterday,
having been previously disarmed on their
farms.
REPORTS MADE BY
ROBERTS AND BULLER
The Congress adopted a resolution ex
pressing thanks to the Premier for his
services to the country, but Indorsing the
opposition of the Bund members of Par
liament to the measures supported by Mr.
Schreiner.
and his colleagues In the Cabinet, which
left no other course open to him.
"Baden-Powell reports that the district
through which he passed is settling down
satisfactorily. Over 1000 stand* of arms
"Buller, I hope, ls at Standerton. Heid
elberg will be occupied from this place
shortly and then the Orange River colony
will be completely cut off from the Trans
vaal.
"PRKTORIA, June 16.— Rust'enburg waa
occupied yesterday by Baden-Powell. A
column starts from this place to-morrow
to meet Baden-Powell ond repair the tele
graph between Pretoria and Rustenburg.
Hunter Is moving from Potchefstroom.
His advance brigade expects to reach Jo
hannesburg June 19.
LONDON, June 16.— The War Office has
received the following message from Lord
Roberts:
In Repulsing an Attack Near Zand River the British
Lose the Commander oi a Force oi
Railway Pioneers.
BOERS ARE DRIVEN BACK, BUT
GENERAL SEYMOUR IS SLAIN
TTATTATT SENATE OPENS.
Its President.
Ministerialist Member Selected for
ROME, June JG.— In the Senate to-day
the twenty-first Legislature was opened
In the presence of King Humbert, Queen
Marguerite, the Duke of Aosta, the Duke
of '.Genoa, the Count of Turin and many
Senators and Deputies. King Humbert
W.2L8 warmly applauded during the read
ing of the spec'-ch from the throne.
He explained the reasons for the appeal j
bping made to the electors and said he
had confidence that the wisdom and pa- !
triotism of the new Parliament |
would supply him with the necessary •
means for fulfilling his important duties. '
The excellent relations between all the i
powers, he added, assured the country 1
that the national interests would be guar
anteed at all times. 1
The new Parliament, King Humbert as-
F*»rtc<1. intended to devote its attention to
bettering the condition of the working
to the protection of manufactur
ers, agriculturists ar.d emigrants, to the
* reduction of the tributary taxes within
the limits agreed on by the budget, to ed
ucation and to legal and administrative
reforms.
Upon reassembling the Chamber elected
the Ministerialist Gallo President by a
vote of 242 to 214. amid cheers from the
Centrists and Rightists and protests
from the Left.
SHANGHAI, June 18.-Accordlng to In
formation received here from foreign
sources 10,000 imperial troops which were
between Peking and the International
force advancing on that city have dis
banded and joined the Boxers.
It is asserted that the Government of
China does not consider Itself responsible
for any encounter which may take place.
The native banks at Chin Kiang closed
business yesterday, fearing trouble from
the Boxers.
Excitement prevails in the Yangtse
Valley, but all ls quiet at Chefu, In
spite of alarming rumors to the contrary.
FRANCIS OF ORLEANS DEAD.
Son of Last King of France Succumbs
to Pneumonia.
PARIS, July 17.— Francis of Orleans,
Prince of Joinville, son of Louis
Philippe, King of the French, ia dead of
pneumonia, aged 82 years
Rail Accident in* England.
LONDON, June 16.— A collision between
an express and a train filled with "Wind
sor racegoers occurred at Slough. Three
persons were killed. Sixteen passengers,
more or less seriously injured, were taken
to the hospital.
Stephen Blood Fails.
LONDON, June 16.— On the Stock Ex
change to-day the failure was announce.1
of Stephen Blood, a brother of Lady Colin
Campbell. It is understood he had a large
bear commitment open in West Aus
tralians.
CHINESE IMPERIAL
TROOPS JOIN BOXERS
WASHINGTON, June 16.— It is said that
the oneratlons of the Boxers are rolling
up a heavy bill of damages against the
Chinese Government and that this will be
made the subject of a strong demand for
indemnity by the United States as soon
as order is restored In China. It is held
that under the terms of our treaty with
China, not only are American mission
aries entitled » to ' the protection of the
Chinese Government, but even their na
tive converts.' to the doctrine
that we have laid down in the case of
Turkish missionary claims, the Chinese
Government^ can be held responsible for
outrages committed against American
citizens, even in times of rioting. If the
Government troops, its agents, fail to re
spohd to a call or participate themselves
in the rioting. This is said to be the case
with the Boxers disturbances. - The par
ticular treaty provision covering the cases
of the American missionaries- and their
native converts is unique. It ls contained
in article 29 of the treaty of 1858 and is as
follows:.
. "The practice of the Christian religion,
as professed by the Protestant and
Roman Catholic churches, is recognized
as teaching them to do good and to do to
others as they would they should do unto
them. Hereafter those who quietly pro
fess and teach these doctrines shall not
be harassed or persecuted on account of
their faith. Any person, whether citizen
of the United States or Chinese convert,
who, according to these tenets, peaceably
teaches and practices -the principles of
Christianity shall in no case be interfere!}
with or molested."
It Is learned in authoritative quarters
that the negotiations relative to the
Chinese crisis have led to a discussion of
a larger subject of so adjusting and har
monizing the action of the several powers
interested as to maintain complete
equilibrium and assure the continued
peace of the world. The French authori
ties have been particularly active in urg
ing that one of the requislties of any ac
tion was to see that it tended toward
maintaining the balance between those in
terested In the East, and there is reason
to believe the representations have had
considerable influence in keeping any one
of the several nations from putting a pre
ponderating military force in China, a
course that would open the way to a gen
eral international disturbance.
ACTIVITY AMONG
BRITISH WARSHIPS
HONGKONG, • June 16.— The British
nrst-ciass cruiser Terrible, with troops,
sailed for Tientsin this morning. Captain-
Percy M. Scott of thu Terrible, previous
to sailing, arranged to land a 12-pounder
and other ship's guns for land service.
The British first-class armored cruiser
Undaunted has suddenly been ordered un
der sealed orders. She will sail immedi
ately.
Trouble is brewing near West River.
Riots have broken out at Bunchow,
whence over a hundred refugees arrived
from Wu Chow June 12. About 5000 rebels
have assembled at Kwei Li Sien. Bodies
of Canton troops passed through Wu
Chow June 12 on their way to meet the
rebels.
JAPAN TO SEND MORE TROOPS.
; WASHINGTON, June 16.— The following
cablegram was received to-day at the
Japanese Legation here from the Japan
ese Government at Tokio: -J.V:
"The situation in North China is daily
growing more serious. The Imperial Gov
ernment has consequently, in addition to
of the railroad near Lang Fang has been
interrupted in its advance to the relief of
the troops. In the meanwhile the German
detachment has continued to march to
ward Peking by road. The Tsung Ll Ya
men. It ls added, has sanctioned the entry
of foreign troops into Peking to the num
ber of 1200 men.
STRONG DEMANDS TO BE
MADE FOR INDEMNITY
PEKING LEGATIONS
REPORTED BURNED
Continued From Page Thirteen.
Copyrighted. 1?<V>. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. June If..— The correspondent
here of the Associated Press saw the Chi
nese Embassador at Berlin to-day.
Through an interpreter h» saifi:
"I have had no news whatever from the
Chinese Government about the Boxers'
rebellion. The Boxers are a mere rabble,
robbers, thieves and rascals. There ar«
no scholars, mandarins or officials among
them. The reports that the Chinese sol
diers have attacked the international
forces cannot possibly be true. The Em
press opposes the Boxers, and the troops
could not act against h>r. The Boxers
will soon be suppressed. They -would have
been suppressed by the Chinese troops
without landing the International forces.
The embassies could have been protected
by guards of Chinese if the Embassadors
had as ked for them."
The latest official German news from
Tientsin, dated the 15th. is viewed at the
Foreign Office us corroborative of the re
ports that the situation has intensiiied
durir.g the week. The Fbretgn Ortice con
tinues to believe that the Chinese Govern
ment makes common cause with the Box
ers and does not believe the Government
troops attacked the international forces,
as "that would be too crazy a venture."
The intention had be«n to close the ses
elon of both houses of the Prussian Uiet
to-day, but owing to the amazing revolt
against the Government which has broken
out in the House of Lords, which usually
works in full accord with the Government,
this has now become impossible.
Under the leadership of Baron von Lcve
below, who is a former Reichstag presi
dent, the Lords pave the Government a
distinct vote of distrust in the matter of
regulating the Silesia rivers, where territic
floods axe customary.
In the lower house the Uberals under
Dr. Barth tried mild obstruction tactics
against the passage of the department
«tore bill. The later will rome up again
on Monday, but it is unquestionable
whether the bill will pass now until the
obstruction tactics cease. However, it ls
certain that the Diet will adjourn during
the coming week.
Recently the lower employes of the
Prussian railroads, although State offl
ciaJs. have shown an inclination to af
filiate with the Socialist party, and have
evinced in every way dissatisfaction with
their present salaries and conditions. The
official Berliner Correspond enz to-day
publishes formal warning, threatening the
di!S"l»edi«-ius with summary dismissal.
The Emperor has awarded Mr. Conried
of New York the crown order of the third
class for merits in German art in
America.
GERMANY HAS
LITTLE FAITH IN
THE DOWAGER
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated Press.
LONDON. June 10.— The serious condi
tion of affairs in China is daily becoming
the mo3t absorbing topic in Great Brit
ain. In view of the general public's con
cern and the dispatches from China It is
rather remarkable to learn that the Box
ers appear to have but little affected the
great volume of business between China
and England. The largest houses In Lon
ilon trading with the Far East, corpora
tions, insurance companies, banks and
merchants, are fairly unanimous in saying
their operations are not interfered with.
However this section of the business
world and those whose capital they repre
sent are naturally awaiting the outcome
of the crisis with anxiety. They are ap
jarcnlly more disturbed over the possi
bility of the powers falling out among
themselves after the Boxers receive their
quietus than over the amount of damage
the Boxers will wreak prior to that event.
It is dawning on Great Britain that un
less the political crisis at the Cape is
tactfully and successfully handled the
paciiication of South Africa may be In
definitely delayed. The putting down of
a possible anti-British agitation in a Brit
ish colony, similar to that which has ex
isted for a century in Ireland, but without
the physical force element, is recognized
as being a fur more serious task than
outflanking and disarming the Boers.
A prominent Free Stater, with British
sympathies, but with many relatives on
the liovr and bond side, said to the rep
resentative of the Associated Press that
be believed the bond party would break
out into armed revolt to-day were riiles
bo easily obtained as they were before
the commencement of the war. He has
oniy just come to England from the Cape,
and though opposed to the bondltes, is
respected and trusted by them.
The gravity of the issues depending on
a solution of the situation caused by Mr.
Schreiuer's resignation of the Premiership
of Cape Colony can be better gauged by
this Free Stater's candid opinion than by
any cer.sortd statement from Cape Town.
The English papers devote many edi
torials to the question. Those which are
inspired show no desire to have Sir John
Gordon Spriggr in sole power and Mr.
Schreiner in the opposition ranks, for,
apart from the fact that it is doubtful if
he can maintain his majority, the opinion
prevails at the Colonial Office and is ex
pressed by almost everybody coming from
the Cape, regardless of political faith, that
Spripg is utterly unfitted in point of abil
ity to steer the colony out of the present
crisis.
July will witness a pan-American con
ference in London, .with the object of se
curing increased recognition of the rights
of Great Britain's colored subjects. The
idea originate'! with H. S. Williams, a
native of Trinidad, whose appear met with
enthusiastic response, and Southwest
Africa, the West Indies, Abyssinia, and it
is said, the United States, will send repre
sentatives with the view of looking after
the general interests of the colored race.
The demands will include a thorough sys
tem of education and representation and
peasant proprietorship, with especial ref
erence to South Africa and the West
Indies.
The resumption of Parliament after the
Whitsuntide »•• •*•-- not marked by
any noticeable features.
On all sides the death of Mrs. Gladstone
hap called forth genuine expressions of
sympathy and admiration, such as would
scarcely have been written about any
other woman in the kingdom. The trend
of them is that she was the ideal wife.
Her coffin is exactly similar to Mr. Glad
stone's. Both the prjvate services at Ha
warden and the public ceremony at West
minster will be as simple as possible, in
accordance with her own ideas and those
of the great commoner. Though their
grandson comes into possession of Hawar
den it will remain a kind of family house.
Herbert Gladstone and his sisters being as
free to come and go as they were during
the lifetime of their parents. The young
master of Hawarden, who is not yet of
ape, is a pleasant, merry-looking youth,
who will leave Eton this year and then go
to Oxford.
BUSINESS IS
NOT AFFECTED BY
RIOTS IN CHINA
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, June 16.— News of fighting be
tween the European troops and the Box
ers has enhanced the interest in the situ
ation in China, which is forming the lead
ing feature of all the newspapers. ' The
diplomatic world is naturally very much
stirred, especially owing to the contra
dictory reports regarding the attitude
taken by the Empress Dowager.
Even the Japanese and Chinese legations
appear doubtful as to the exact condition
of affairs. At the Chinese legation much
uneasiness prevails. The explanation
given by the officers there is that the
Boxers are simply outlaws, who receive
no countenance from the Government and
are ill treating their own countrymen as
well as foreigners.
. Members of the legation, whose con
stant intercourse with Europeans has
brought them more into line with Western
ideas, admit guardedly that the general
situation in China is hardly satisfactory
and that there ls room there for beneficial
reforms, but they are far from pleased at
the recent developments which have given
Russia an oportunity to play what prob
ably will eventually become a predominat
ing part in the much-feared intervention.
The Japanese Minister, Kato Takaskl,
on being interviewed, said he had not j'et
received instructions from his country
regarding action to be taken here, but he
had every reason to believe Japan would
act in concert with the other powers,
which course. In his opinion, was the
surest method of bringing about prompt
and durable tranquillity.
Isolated action on the part of one or
more of the powers, he says, will only
produce chaos and will be likely to lead to
trouble between the powers themselves.
A man who ie entitled to «peak with au
thority in Chinese matters, Gabrielle Le
Marier, for eight years French Minister
at Peking, expresses a pessimistic feel
ing regarding the extension of the antl
forrign movement.
"For European?." pays Le Marier, "the
!>rcsent crisis is the gravest that has yet
occurred."
ANXIETY OVER
SITUATION IN
TIE FAR EAST
MINNEAPOLIS, June 16.— A special to
the Times from Seattle says: According
to advices from Nortons Bay, four of a
party of flve men have been murdered
and the fifth is wandering in the wilder
ness demented or fallen a prey to savages
or wild beasts. The party consisted of
Oliver Woodruff Scott of Tacoma, Dr. A.
A. Keyser of Minneapolis, W. W. Wright
of San Francisco, T. B. Haines of San
Francisco and George Beckholdt, also said
to \ie from Minneapolis.
The men, while working an old Russian
placer digging, as gleaned from a diary
found on the body of Scott, found gold in
abundance and the sight drove them out
of their heads.
Then the story of murder began. Keyser
was the first victim. He had been stabbed
while asleep. Wright was suspected, and,
shouldering his gun, left camp. A few
hours later Beckholdt was shot in the
back while talking with his companions.
Scott and Haines pursued Wright for two
days and captured him, but Haines was
wounded and Wright was shot fatally
and died two days later.
On May 15 Scott's body was found fifty
miles from the mouth of the Ungatulik
River, which Hows into Nortons Bay. He
had been murdered. As Haines, the sole
«urvlvor, had not been seen in any of the
settlements it is believe-d he perished In
his wanderings in the forest.
The story of the murders was taken to
Ungatulik and a party headed by Herbert
Murray ls now endeavoring to locate the
rich Russian diggings which the party
located.
Pretty precise directions were found in
Scott's notebook and they anticipate no
difficulty in finding the ground.
The Sudden Discovery of a Rich
Mine Near Nortons Bay
the Cause of the
Crime.
Is Now Probably Wander
, ing Alone in the
Wilderness.
MAD MINER
KILLS HIS FOUR
COMPANIONS
THESAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, i<)0
14
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
NAPA'S GODDESS OF LIBERTY AND MAIDS OF HviNOR.
Better Bioeet
Better Health
If you don't feel well to-day you can
be made to feel better by making your
blood better. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
great pure blood maker. That is how it
cures that tired feeling, pimples, sores, salt
rheum, scrofula lind catarrh. Get a bot-
tle of this great medicine and begin tak-
ing it at once end see how qulckly.it will
bring your blood, up to the Good Health
point.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Blood Medicine.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 5O.OOO SCARES OF $IOO EACH.
Is the owner of tho most valuable Telephone Franchise In tho
urvted States.
Has 35OO contracts for use of Iti telephones
£fwrTo SS , ure JL? et lncome of <> v er $100,000 a year.
CIVES city FREE telephones and switching | n a u c £ y offices; FREE F'ra
and Police Department wires.
CIV Phoned tclepho ° e users $2,000,000-20.000 *haf«s of Its $tocK for using IW
Charges lower rates than Bell Coropany.
Un/oAimeVK ? lvldends on lts * tO! * •' supported by telephone users.
C ;T. A . RANTEES that no assessment will ever b; levied on Its stock
ONLY'BOOO^SHApl'i^f l0 C V if 1 rnta thOt ™ W OO 2,° E n alSi?SiltalUU.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for sala. for construction purposes, at $25 00 a shar*
Sn y foS "> ontl5 'y Installments of $5.00. Last day for subscription Jun«
Full Information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
•* . 206 Sansomp street. San Francisco.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. i
1 . iJ) ' MRS. Dslla Friedle, I
\ \ //^ TfTMiss Ida M. Russell , yffli W^:*^m 1 I
[j • \u\ Kansas Cz?y 9 f~4f w^ W
Ida M. Russell, notary public, also recording secretary of the Economic | fk ~^ /Pk ¦ <
Savings and Progressive Society. Kansas City. Mo.. In a letter of recent date. % "^-z-^sfis^ 9
writes the following to Dr. Hartman: | '''^^^W^S'^^^^SL ' f-
"For the past four years I have suffered with catarrh of the |
stomach, causing loss of sleep and appetite, with frequent severe j£ ?
pains after eating. *• H^^^5.1 v \
"I tried doctors and medicines until I lost faith and hope of ever | "^ V*
getting well again. One of my associates advised me to try Peruna. *§ I . '• I \
It proved of genuine merit. My appetite returned speedily, I gained ~%-^~.-~ . --- r^ raM .u' u -£
strength and flesh, and although I have used only five bottles of
Peruna I am in perfect health to-day. " jowtiv. ' mJttfQ 1&\\Y\
LOSS Of Appetite Peruna and it has restored me so I ll ?™L»ri0 &* W * | /if/
tarrhal tonic. Peruna, for an aggravated *"*» *** ln f e K d , ien j s l la 5 cks by l -' ~ " 4 '
case of dyspepsia. Mrs. Collins gives medicine.' A blood medicine is sup- areaded dNea «.e catarrh. I cannot ex-
her experience with Peruna in the fol- posed to be a compound of something or too singly In favor of
lowing words- ' other which will furnish the blood some p eruna- toT lt i 8 to Peruna that I owj
"ThB Peruna Medicine Co Columbus ralssIn & constituent. This is all fudge. m y health. We keep your medicine at-
O.-GentTemen: iftT^in™^ The blood is composed only of prop- ways in the house, and would not be with-
attack of la grippe I continued in a feeble erly digested food. If the blood lacks .. M> ; motner ls taking Peruna for
condition, even after the doctor called «««»_«„»«»_««.«««»__ lron » or * n y °* t stomach and bowel trouble and she ls»
me cured. My blood seemed poisoned. _ the animal salts improving fast."
/ / u j "-*a / o.,^,,,.,,. „„ i /¦„.-/ o ;thcn i I3o*a# this lack must be IVruna is a true blood mpd!c!ne. U
I also suffered with dyspepsia and had either KGUi B u p p 1 1 e d with enriches the blood
to starve or suffer from what I was eating. — » properly selected ¦¦ bv invigora tins
A neighbor who was using Peruna praised 2»OUJ*OB rood . No medicine HOW $*£ dosf 3 S of° n peru-
It so highly that she Induced me to try it. j _. can furnish the !»*¦¦•»¦••«» na wlU produce ¦
and I soon found this was what I needed. Of blood with any- rCrtMna natural appetito
/ could soon eat my regular meals with thing lt needs. ma~ ,ff, MlM . an< \ vig01 Ki 2 , 3 *?'"
relish, my system was built up. my health . BlOOd, All that medicine [¥lDMQS gition. m Tg^*
returned, and I haye remained in excellent I £« w^ ma^lng BlOOd. g^ baS^iSSl
strength and vigor now for over a year. g00(i bi o0 a i 3 to assist or correct diges- [ I health, with clean.
Mrs Bertha Mohr 128 Gilbert street, tion. Given a good appetite and natural rich blood the nerves are steady and th j
Iowa "City, Iowa, was cured of a very digestion, with a supply of decent food br ? ln bo^ a^ n tltled .'Health and Beautv"
aggravated case of catarrhal nervousness . and the blood will take care of itself written especially tor women and m«-
by Peruna. She gays: Mrs. Delia Friedle writes from 30 Har- lnJ? of the diseases peculiar to their sex.
"I suffered for years with nervousness, per street, Cleveland, O., the following: sent free by The Peruna Medicine Co.,
About five nionths ago I began taking "Tour medicines have cured me of that Columbus, Ohio.JUDGE W. C. VAN FLEET.
cheering, but when it was known that
they had brought the usual cargo of fruit,
and wine the enthusiasm was boundless.
"They have brought peaches and plums
to seduce delegates for Scott," was heard
on all sides.
The Californians soon after their arrival
held a closed session in parlor "A" of the
Colonnade. The Scott boom was dis
cussed after the session. The various
members at first wcie reticent, but finally
admitted that . there would be no
formal acknowledgment of Scott's candi
dacy, if candidacy it may be called. But
all tho delegates united in protesting that
up to date they had heard nothing from
Mr. Scott and that they had no means of
knowing whether he wanted to be Vice
President.
"We did not hear anything about Mr.
Scott or his boom until we got here," de
clared each and every delegate, Including
Mr. Knight.
'One delegate paid' ft sprung up in the
East. Another averred that it sprung up
in one night, while a facetious party de
clared it lirst grew up like Topsy.
But, despite this inclination among
members of the California delegation to
belittle Mr. Scott's candidacy, it is re
garded mere seriously by delegates from
other States, and if it should come to a
show-down between two candidates, Mr.
Scott might possibly be a compromise
nominee, provided the California delega
tion would unite and work for him. But
they declare they will make no formal in
dorsement until Scott and the California
people request it. Colonel Knight said:
"You may say that we will indorse no
Californlan until we feel that a close con
test for Vice President would give us a
fighting chance, but we will surely sup
port some Western man for Vice Presi
dent."
Colonel Knight is evidently fearful that
delegates would be averse to nominating
Scott on account of the disaffection of la
boring men, for it has been noised around
that strikes In the Union Iron Works in
former years would certainly array labor
ing people against the president of that
Institution.
The California delegation reached Pitts
burg in time to read an account in the
Pittsburg papers of themselves and their
awful escape from death in a railroad col
lision. Their number was reported at 400
and the, rest of the article exaggerated
to a degree.
KNIGHT URGES GAGE
FOR VICE PRESIDENT
Has Never Heard of Scott's
Candidacy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares the California Delegation
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— The Even-
Ing Bulletin has the following: "George
A. Knight of San Francisco, the head of
the California delegation, does not take
much stock -In the stories that, failing
Bliss, Chairman Hanna favors Irving M.
Scott, the Pacific Coast shipbuilder, for
Vice President. .
". 'We never heard of Scott as a candi
date,' said Knight to-day, 'and when the
delegation from our State gets here there
will be an end to that sort of talk. If
there is any chance at all of the nomina
tion going to California Governor Gage Is
the man .who should get it.' "
Fever I Results From an i Injury He-
SENATOR PLATT ILL.
ceived in a Fall.
NEW YORK, June 16.— A special to the
Press from Philadelphia says: Senator
Thomas C. Platt is in a serious condition
and his friends are worried about him.
The Senator sustained a fracture of one
Senator Wolcott to Be Chairman and
'Johnson of Minnesota
Secretary.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— The Repub
lican National Committee to-day made
official announcement of the selection of
temporary officers of the National Con
vention as follows:
Temporary chairman of the convention —
Senator E. O. Wolcott. Colorado.
Temporary secretary -*-Charles W. John
son. Minnesota.
Assistant secretaries— John R. Malloy r>t
Ohio, John R. Beam of New Jersey. Lu
cien Gray of Illinois, Gradner P. Stickney
of Wisconsin. James F. Burke of Pennsyl
vania. W. B. Bouchman of Tennessee,
Warren Bigler of Indiana. John Q. Royce
of Kansas. F. S. Gaylord of Connecticut.
Reading clerks — Dennis E. Alward of
Michigan. K. L. Lampson of Ohio (reading
clerk House of Representatives).
Clerk at president's desk— Asher C.
Kinprs of Maine.
Official reporter— M. W. Blumenburpr of
the District of Columbia (omcial reporter
of the Senate).
Tally clerks— J. Herbert Potts of Xew
Jersey and George It. Butlin'of Nebraska.
Ex-Congressman Frank was designated
to notify these officials of their selection.
HANNA-PLATT FEUD
CAUSES COMPLICATIONS
Neither Cares to Support the
Vice Presidential Candidate
of the Other.
PHILADELPHIA, June IS.— If it were
not for the uncertainty over the Vice
Presidency there would be absolutely
nothing to relieve the monotony of the
Republican gathering In Philadelphia.
During the day the Vice Presidential ques.
tion seemed to revolve around New York.
The position of the State, with four men
available for candidates, the feeling In
some that political considerations should
give the second place on the ticket to the
Er/ipire State and the somewhat strained
relations between Senator Hanna and
Senator Platt £ll serve to turn attention
to New York.
To-night the situation in New York is
Just this: They want the Vice Presidency.
Senator Platt does not want Bliss, be
cause he believes his selection would be
a victory for Hanna in New York. But
Hanna does not want Odell. because It
would be an absolute surrender to Platt.
Neither wants Woodruff. Platt Is not
fully determined about Odell, and the del
egation may finally get around to the pre
sentation of General Francis Green.
The friends of the other candidates have
not been inactive. The hardest kind of
work is being done for Representative
Dolliver, the Iowa candidate, who arrived
this afternoon. The Iowa delegation Is
here and is resolved to present Dolliver's
name, Lafayette Young, editor of the Des
Moines Capital, having been selected to
make the nominating speech. Mr. Dol
liver is not talking. lie says that his
poFition is such that It does not justify
him in saying anything further than that
he Is gratified at the cordiality with which
his friends assure him of their support.
Mr. Burton, who heads the Kinsas dele
gation, says that the suggest ,vn of Dol
liver has been *vell received in that State.
Bliss talk continues in spite of the re
peated assertions of Mr. Bliss himself,
supplemented by the statement of Senator
Hanna, that he would no longer be con
sidered as a candidate. Mr. Bliss himself
arrived to-day and said that there was
nothing to add to what he has said be
»¦ There has not been much said about
Senator Fairbanks to-day, though there
is still a possibility that he will be named.
The Pacific Coast is determined to make
Itself heard in the convention. California
and the mountain States are keeping the
name of Irving M. Scott, "the builder of
the Oregon," before, the people, while the
Mr. Hawiey will be chosen to represent
Texas on the national committee.
The Delaware controversy between the
Addtcki ar.d Dupont factions was tem
porarily shelved by the committee. Mr.
Duponfs followers were found to bo un
willing to make such concessions as the
committee could accept, and the commit
tee decided there- was no course open to
it which would insure the State to the
Republican party at the fall election ex
cept to cxcludo both faction? from par
ticipation in the early procc-edinps of the
convention. Tiiis disposition will have
the effect of throwing the adjustment of
the case upon the National Convention's
committee on credentials.
Just before adjournment for the day the
committee disposed of Mr. Payne's reso
lution rf-garding the participation of Fed
eral officeholders in the selection of dele
gates by referring them all to Chairman
Hanna. It is believed by Mr. Payne that
the effect of ihis disposition of the reso
lution will bo to hold it over the heads of
offenders in the future, and that it would
thus have a boneticial influence, even
though it was not acted upon by the com
mittee.
Mr. Ticpko of Rhode Island offered a
resolution during the afternoon for a re
duction of representation In Congress of
States where the free exercise of the
elective franchise is prevented. It was
debated at some length, but was tabled
because of the generally expreFsec! opin
ion that the subject was for the action of
the National Convention, and not for the
committee. It is understood that Mr.
Tiepke will ask the committee on resolu
tions to consider the wisdom of incor
porating the resolution in the convention
platform. A resolution looking to the re
duction of the representation of non-Re
publiean Statos in Republican conventions
was also presented, but it w;is withdrawn
after tho adverse action taken on the
Tiepke proposition.
TEMPORARY OFFICERS
OF THE CONVENTION
PHILADELPHIA, June 1C— The feat
ure of the situation which con
fronts the Republican hosts at ihe
clos<? of the week preceding the as
sembling of the convention Is the
absolute, unanimous disposition to carry
out fully the wishes of the President In
everything relating to the •jomin;? con
tention. Af the clans from every quarter
of ihe country gather, the overwhelming
sentiment is that, having served ona good
term. McKinley deserves another, tnd
that good faith and good policies demand
that the wishes of the candidate, as near
ly as they can be ascertained, shall be
ri 1 • • ted In the matter of the Vice Presl
dency as well as of the platXfrnn upon
which he is to go to the country.
The national committee completed its
labors In connection with the contests to
cl.;y by leaving the Delaware factions sus
pended in midair.
The Vice Presidency is the uppermost
topic in the minds of the leaders as wtll
aa :!;>:• rank and tile, it is the only bone
of contention and that contention would
cease very quickly it anybody were au
thorized to say exactly what the Presi
dent wants, if there is any pienipoten
tlary ot -Me President here he has not
$ tt jirtsonted his credentials. The men
v. r..> ixre popularly supposed to be McKin
ley's spokesmen are the most careful to
.. '..¦Am any power of attorney and their
reticence in proclaiming a candidate leads
;..¦> ranK and. file to believe that the Pres
. Bl has declared "hands off." The re-
BUlt is that anybody and everybody who #
has a candidate feels at liberty to boom
him to his heart's content, lor the time
being at least. Klther iiiiss or Allison
would be tne Jirst choice of a. majority of
the leaders, but both of these men have
turned deaf tars t^» the supplications of
the managers. Secretary Long of Mas
sachusetts they are holding in reserve 111
case another not eo acceptable' as he
should become too formidable.
Hew York Wants the Place.
The most diflicult problem arises in con-
Ziecticn with ttie New York deieg.uion.
Headed by the "Big Four"— Platt. itoose
veit. Depew and Odell— the Empire State's
elite delegations came to town to-day and
set the eossijJB mad with speculation. To
New York, the logicians argued, the nom
ination naturally should go to secure a
Tvell-balanced ticket geographically, and
if New York should present a candidate.
Bolidly backed, unless the candidate were
acceptable there might -be trouble ahead
for the mantcers.
Lieutenant Governor Timothy Woodruff.
Already on the ground witn headquarters
opened and buttons engraved, has never
been considered seriously, but the possi
bility that the New York delegation might
get together on Odell or General Greene
or Bliss, if the latter gentleman could be
induced to change his mind at the elev
enth hoar, mii-kes the political prophets
pause. Go-v-ernor Roosevelt still firmly ad
neres to his determination not to be a
candidate, notwithstanding his wonderful
hold on the imaginations of ail. Until
New York finally acts at the meeting: of
this delegation on Monday, unless the sit
uation should crystallize meantime, proph
ecies are valueless.
In the interim the West will go on
shouting ittelf hoarse. She has Irving M.
Scott ol California, the builder of the Ore
gon; Bartlett Tripp of South Dakota,
Fairbanks of Indiana and others in addi
tion to the eloquent Dolliver. None ex
cept the latter have arrived. To-morrow,
with marching cfubs and brass bands,
they will invade the monotony of Phila
delphia's Quaker Sabbath and make the
•wefkln ring with their vociferations in
true Western style.
And to-morrow, for the first time, Phil
adelphia will take on tne appearance of
a convention city. Receptions and ban
quets are being tendered to distinguished
visitors, but the most important gather
ing- is at the Union League Club, where
Chairman Hanna and Secretary Root are
dining.
Secretary' Root and Postmaster General
Smith, fresh from Washington, arrived
late this afternoon. "The Postmaster Gen
eral, it is understood, was the bearer of
the draft cf a platform that meets the
President's approval.
COMMITTEE DECIDES
CONTESTS OVER SEATS
Delaware Case "Lett for the Conven
tion to Take Final Action
Upon.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— The Repub
lican National Committee was in session
from 11 a. m. until almost 7 p. m. to-day.
A number of subjects were disposed of,
and when the committee adjourned all the
contests over sr-ats in the convention, ex
cept those from the State of Alabama,
}.^<i been put It.
The Alabama case has been revived
upon an agreement between the two fac
tions to divide the delegation by elimin
ating contesting delegates, and this work
v.-jil be completed at a meeting of the com
mitu-e to be held next Monday. In three
districts of the State a settlement was
r*-«rhed towlay. but there are still several
<>th<-r districts and the State at large to
receive attention.
Other contests disposed of during the
day vrcre those covering the State of
T*-xas and several of the -districts of that
ftate. as well as the Norfolk district In
Virginia and Committeeman "Jim" Hill's
old district In Mississippi. In Hill's dis
trict one delegate of each faction was
seated, while in the Virginia district
former Congressman Bowden carried off
the honors in opposition to John S. Wise.
Congressman Hawiey won the fight for
delegate at large from Texas in opposition
to E. H. A. Green. Some of the district
df-l^gat ions* were given to the Green fac
tion, but the Ilawlcy people claim that,
taking the delegation as It stands, they
Lave a majority. This plan means that
His Vice Presidential Boom Punc
turad by the Delegation From
His Own State.
Special IvM.-patch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16— The Scott
boom has been punctured. The arrival o'f
the California delegation was awaited
with expectancy by politicians and news
paper men alike*, for all were anxious to
hear about the "Irving- M. Scott boom,"
as it has been called. The interview
George A. Knight and Representative
Waters of Ims Angeles had with PresN
dent- McKinley and Senator Hanna in
Washington was supposed to have bctn
practically- an indorsement of Mr.' Scott
for Vice President. The Eastern news
papers published glowing eulogies of the
Oregon's builder.
Some said that Mr. Knight had trav
eled in advance of his colleagues in order
to put a llea in the. President's ear and
give Mr. Scott a good send off before the
delegation arrived on the ground. ,IndeeG,
Mr. Knight was clubbed "the advance
agent of Scott's boom."
So when the delegation alighted from
the train to-night and paraded up Chest
nut street, with martial music and flying
banners, the Californians were the center
of attraction. They marched past their
hotel (the Colonnade), then counter
marched, followed by great crowds of
cheering Phlladclphfans. The mere fact
that they had come all the way from Cali
fornia was enough to excite enthusiastic
Dr, Chester A. Rowell was designated
for the committee on platform, R. D.
Robbins for the committee on order of
business. George \V. Reed for the com
mittee on credentials and JV. W. Garland
for the committee on notification of the
President.
CALIFORNIANS NOT
SUPPORTING SCOTT
Friends of the Governor Offer Little
Encouragement to Those Who
Would Support Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— Boosevelt
leads all other possible candidates for the
Vice Presidency, according to a careful
poll made of the preferences of delegates
to the national convention." All delegates
who were doubtful or non-committal were
thrown out. Of 918 delegates to the con
vention, conclusive replies were received
from 472. Nearly a hundred said they
would cast their votes In accordance with
the wishes of their leaders.
The replies were thus divided: Roose
velt 45. Woodruff 43. Long 28. Fairbanks
20, Dolliver 15, former Governor Bradley
15, Bliss 8. "Wolcott 7. Charles Emery
Smith 3 and Senator Manderson of Ne
braska 2.
This list accounts for 186 delegates, and
in each vote of possible candidates the
home State was not counted, with the
exception of Fairbanks, 5 of whose 20
votes are from Indiana, and Bradley, for
whom Kentucky east 9 of his 15 votes.
It was declared by one of Governor
Roosevelt's friends who talked with him
to-night that if the Governor should be
nominated for Vice President he would
decline and take the risk of being retired
to private life. My informant said this
could not be stated too positively. Sen
ator Platt and his friends, however, do
not understand that the Governor has
made up his mind to refuse if he be nom
inated. -**,.
SECRETARY LONG OR
SOME WESTERN MAN
New York and Pennsylvania May
Throw Their Votes to Dolliver
of Iowa.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— The follow
ing editorial from the Evening Teleprram.
is u good summary of the Vice Presi
dential situation:
Cornelius N. Wifs is not a candidate because
Thomas C. Plctt has no time for him. Because
1'latt has no time for him the New York dele
gation as a body Is against him and he can
not be advanced as "the favorite son" of the
Empire StKte. It Is to be observed, also, that
Senator Matthew Stanley Quay is saying: that
Congressman Dolllver seems to be the expedi
ent one of the situation. Mr. Quay Is not
doing anything to annoy and worry Platt, and
his dlseoveiy of the virtues of the young Iowan
Indicate, If they Indicate anything, that If Mr.
Platt cannot have Just the man of his choice
from New York the seventy-two votes of that
State and the «lxty-four votes of Pennsylvania
will be thrown to a candidate from the West
who Is regarded by Mr. Hanna as not quite
ripe enoush for the responsibilities of the hour.
With Roosevelt and Bliss out of the field.
New Ycrk has no candidate that will get far
ther than a complimentary vote. The flowered
vest campaign is picturesque and noisy, but
there is a disposition to regard it in the light
of an after-dinner joke. The position of Sec
retary Long hence takes on new dignity and
force, but has the weakness of directly influ
encing no doubtful State. As matters stand,
Mr. Long's candidacy is the only highly reput
able one in the East.
Now who Is th# Lochinvar to come out of
the West?
WHITE A CANDIDATE
FOR VICE PRESIDENCY
United States Embassador to Ger
many Soon to Return to
America.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald
Fublishlng Company. "
BERLIN, June 16.— United States Em
bassador Andrew D. White will leave Ber
lin In a few days to return home. He Is a
candidate for the Vice Presidency.
VAN FLEET ELECTED TO
NATIONAL COMMITTEE
Rowell, Bobbins, Reed and. Garland
Designated for Convention
Positions. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, June 16.— At the
meeting of the California delegation to
night those present were George A.
Knight (chairman), Edgar D. Peixotto
(secretary). George C. Pardee, N. D.
Rideout, D. S. Cone. J. H. Steves, H. T.
Powers, J. ¦W. Wilson, George W. Reed,
R. D. Robbins, M. A. Gunst. Joseph
Spear Jr., W; C; Van Fleet, William Gar
land, \V. S. Hooper and Dr. Chester A.
Rowell.
The meeting unanimously elected Judge
W. C. Van Fleet national committeeman.
War Room at the White House Con
verted Into Campaign Head
quarters.
DELEGATES YET PLACE
HOPE IN ROOSEVELT
Pj>eei<U Hispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 16.— President Mc-
Kinley Is watching developments in Phila
delphia with the keenest Interest. He is
In constant communication with Republi
can leaders by telegraph and telephone,
and will be until the convention comes to
a close.
The war room at the White House has
been converted into a campaign room and
Its wire:-', tnppinB all sections of the
country, will bring the President news
of developments in the campaign as long
as he r'emains in Washington.
Before the departure of Senator Hanna
and other leaders from Washington the
programme to be followed was carefully
mapped out. and it is the expectation of
the President that it will not be deviated
from. It Is the desire of the Presided to
refrain from appearing to dictate what
the convention shall or shall not do. and
his hand will be shown only by the policy
pursued by the leaders. He proposes to
remain in Washington until after the con
vention has adjourned, and when he has
KOt the business " of the Government in
such shape that he can safely leave the
city he will go to Canton, where he will
remain a month. He has abandoned the
trip he proposed last winter to take to the
Pacific Coast, fearing it mipht be con
strued as a stumping tour. It is under
stood that after ho leaves Canton he will
return to Washington. It is possible he
may go to Maine the latter part of the
summer, but this is problematical.
Oregon and Washington men have not
abated their Interest in the candidacy of
Bartlett Tripp.
M'KINLEY IN TOUCH
WITH THE DELEGATES
California Representatives at Thil
adelphia Apply the Knife to
the Doom Launched by the
Friends of Irving 1VL Scott
Senators Hanna and Platt at
Loggerheads Uver the selec
tion of an Empire State- Man
for Second Place on Ticket
NEW YORK'S DELEGATION LAYS CLAIM TO
THE VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION
Don't miss the 50e shoe, sale to-morrow.
Boston ShoeCo., 775 Market street. # »
Refuse a Demand for Several Thou
sand Free Tickets to the
Convention.
KANSAS CITY. June 16.-C. A. Walsh,
secretary of the Democratic National
Committee, left to-night for Chicago to
complete some unfinished work In the
headquarters before finally opening his
permanent headquarters in Kansas City.
Mr. Walsh will return to Kansas City on
the 20th, remaining here until after the
convention shall have finished its work.
John I. Martin, sergeant at arms, has al
leady opened permanent headquarters
here.
It developed to-day that considerable
friction was displayed at yesterday's
meeting of the sub-committee, when the
local managers requested 3500 admission
tickets' for Kansas City. Hon. James K.
Jones, chairman of the National Commit
tee, said that he did not think Kansas
City was entitled to any tickets. The
honor of securing the convention, he
thought, should be sufficient. J. G. John
son, National Committeeman from Kan
sas, took the same view of the matter.
This was a thunderbolt to the Kansas
Cltvans, who entered a vigorous protest.
They had, they declared, expended about
$150,000 directly in preparing for the con
vention and the committee proposed to
violate all precedents by cutting the
convention city oft entirely. Finally,
as a compromise, the sub-committee or
fered the Kansas City committee 800 tick
ets. This was Immediately declined, the
local commltee saying it would be better
off with no tickets than with :«» small a
number. . * Vv '.- 1 '
It i£ stated to-da.y that the local com
mittee will Insist upon having at least
3000, and that under no circumstances
will it accept the S00 offered.
BRYAN AND TOWNE dRE
INDORSED AT SEATTLE'
SEATTLE, Wash., June 16.— The silver
Republicans of Western Washington held
a convention in this city to-day and elect
ed fourteen delegates to the Kansas City
convention. Bryan and Towne were In
dorsed, but the platform, in accordance
with a prearranged plan, was silent on
the question of expansion, this because
some delegates strongly believe in expan
sion and others are opposed to it. The
delegates are: Loui6 Williams, Vestal
Snyder. M. P. Billings. J. A. Davis J P.
de Mattos, Edwin Sharp. James McNeilly,
A R Titlow, N. D. C. Spike, J. A. Bunce,
A" J Bletnen, Frank Pierce, John White,
W C Butter, J. R..Calhoun and Homer
Hill. t
McLean Sails for Europe.
NEW YORK, June 16.— John R. McLean
of Cincinnati sailed for Europe to-day on
[board the Cunard liner Campania. At the
'steamship pier Mr. McLean refused to
either affirm. or deny the report that «)e
had sent his personal check for $25,000 to
Mr. Bryan as a contribution to the Dem
ocratic campaign fund. Mr. McLean
would not discuss the question of the
Democratic Vice Presidential nomination
and he added it would not be proper for
him to discuss Admiral Dewey's affairs,
referring all inquirers to the recently pub
lished'Interview with the admiral, y, ;
DEMOCRATS QUARREL
WITH KANSAS CITYANS
CALIF0RNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 16.— C. S. Lang of San
Francisco is at the Astor. William North
cop Cowles- of San Francisco is at the
Plaza. A. W. Smith of Stanford Univer
sity i3 at the Murray Hill. Dr. A. B. Car
penter of San Francisco l*-«t the Gilsey.
CALIF0RNIANS IN WASHING-TON
WASHINGTON. June 16.— Dr. James N.
"Ward, Mrs. Florence. N. Ward and Mrs.
Lillian Saltonstall of San Francisco are
at the Shoreham: E. B. Beck of San
Francisco is at the Arlington: Miss Artie
Oliver of Oakland is at the Shoreham.
BRITISH COMMISSIONERS
KILLED BY MANDINGOES
RATHURST. Gambia Colony. West
Africa, June IS.— A native rising has oc
curred in the Gambia Colony and two
British commissioners of police have been
killed at Sannkanndl. on the south bank
of the Gambia River, by Mandingoes. '
The party had gone to Sannkanndi to
settle a question of local administration
when the Mandingoes suddenly attacked
and murdered them.
Cecil Sitwell. one of the murdered com
missioners, was formerly an official In the
Windward Islands.
Executive Gives No Intimation as to
His Choice for the Vice
Presidency. .
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The ante
rooms of the White House fairly swarmed
to-day with politicians who had stopped
oft in Washington on their way to the Re
publican National Convention. Although
among them there were not a few party
leaders, the visitors had little opportunity
to converse with the President privately,
and those who did broach the subject of
the Vice Presidency — the uppermost topic
in the minds of all— got ho intimation from
Mr. McKinley as to his personal choice.
If he has one.
Secretary Hitchcock accompanied a
large Missouri party, including D. M.
Houser, J. L. Minnis and D. L. Dyer, and
Senator Cullom of Illinois, with some Illi
nois delegates, were with the President a
few moments. Senator Cullom said he
had no choice for Vice President, and add
ed that the nominee should be a man of
such qualifications as would fit him be
yond question to perform the duties of
Chief Magistrate should necessity arise.
Blnger Hermann, Commissioner of the
Land Office, called with three delegates
from Oregon— Wallace McCammant, Ru«
fus S. Moore and H. E. Ankeny.
The President expressed his gratification
over the manner In which Oregon had ac
quitted herself in the recent election and
the delegates responded very happily that
Oregon would do better this fall. Senator
Carter Introduced two of the Montana
delegates, F. Forbish and Tyler Worten.
SENATOR E. O. WOLCOTT OF COLORADO. WHO WILL, BE TEMPOR
ARY CHAIRMAN OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION.
of his ribs in his New York office yester
<iav by falling: against a. chair.
Senator Platt made the Journey from
New York this afternoon, accompanied by
his physician. It Is said that his exertion
to prevent his real condition from boiriK
known has weakened him perceptibly and
thrown him into a fever.
MANY DELEGATES CALL
UPON THE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJNE - 17, 1900.
15
UNITED STATES EMBASSADOR ANDREW D. WHITE, WHO WILL
RETURN HO1TE AS A CANDIDATE FOR THE VICE PRESIDENCY.
! ADVEHTISEISIEJTTS.
M®Hfoes*'s Love
Is boundless. Yet it is utterly fadeless
to give strength to the child born with a
low vitality. The time to give strength
to the child is before birth and to impart
this gift the mother herself must be
strong. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion gives strength to mothers. It pre-
serves them in robust health in the
months before baby comes. It practical-
ly does away with the pains of mother-
hood, and enables the mother to endow
h^r child with a healthy body and a
happy disposition. « Favorite Prescrip-
tion'* contains no alcohol and is abso-
lutely free from opium and cocaine.
¦ I consider Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
the best medicine made," writes Mrs. Mary
Murdock. of 320 Taylor St., Topeka, Kansas. "I
know it has no equal. I am the mother of ten
children and only one living— the tenth one.
She is one year old and is as well and hearty as
can be. She is a beauty. Of my other babies,
some were born at right time, but dead, others
were premature births; one lived to be one year
old but she was always feeble. I tried different
doctors but none of them could tell what my
trouble was. I was examined by surgeons but
they found nothing wrong. I did not know
what to do. so I thought this last time I would
try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I took ft-
the entire nine months and now have a fine
baby jrirl, and I can not praise your medicine
enough for the good it did me."
Dr. . Pierce's Pellets cure heart-burn.
S^^^?^OR^DAT?^gbeat2
4HUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
S £& 10a m«« sr. sat. 6±i?x sjr.ea A
\ Cf The Lar;«t Anatomical Meseumta tie \
A w^l>_ World. Weakne'&es cr tirty contracted A
Y jRriyQ d'.seai* Fe»ltl»i-l7 cured lijr the oldsst
{ v f£? \?a\ !>Qccialiu ca ibc Coast. Est 36 yazro. 9
£ 4f£r& 0R * JORDMJ-panrATE diseases 4
\ V $5TVjt)3 Consultation fr?<? and strictly prirwe. \
Ji 3 jSvffl 'f " ument personally or by letter. A ft
\ fl it Till fotJlve CW«lnc»erye«$eandirtaken. T
A 3 I irft Write for Book. P>3ILO»OPBY«fi
V 9 it pi ataitniAOE, Htaio Fata- (AT
\ j\ If, valuable book for rrwaj \
7 I)K. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
1/ DAP 14 Were successful at Nome laat
l\l\UUn rear. All other* failed. In opera.
tion daily. » Stevenson st.. a. 9.
SARD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
IirVCfim Gold dredeins pumps, ta* only
JAviVOUil 'uccessful pump manufactured.
*" Ki SUth St. San FrancUco.
PORTABLE i.OUSES.
BURN'HAM-STAXDEFORI) CO.. WuMnstoo
and 1st at*., Oakland, cr Builders' Ex., a. r.
PB. gUJCER'B SWAMP-BOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
Blow To Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
I 1 r*\ j sediment or set-
t '^ S^CS^A t*J**C^ tling indicates an
7^vk>I fe)^fc^v~7ol UBhealtb-y condl-
mi vW^^t^iY/ tioa of the kid -
•^sl/^W^ nejr trouble « t0 °
! T\JUiUj F*X±> frequent desire to
pass It or pain in
¦¦ " the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
What to Do.
There is comfort In the know!edre so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish In curing rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects Inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
It, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wins or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for it3 won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery fC^X 7 *"
and a book that tells g?|5g553^i»fj^
more about it, both sent KJ^^p^f^j-^H
absolutely free by mail. sa 3fc2»g!|£^g|2|3
Address Dr.' Kilmer & Home of Swamp-Root
Co., Binghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in this paper.
i»^-*— -¦ — J| "jrjiSJ^i V« .' "ir - T S • i."™ — • "¦— ~ J — ~"L
4 Quart Bottles!' $3?
Express Chares Prepaid.
HIGHKST GRADE FOR iXEDICIN'AL OR
family use. We give you the be-etli of the
middlemen's profit: besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
gg£- PURE WHISKEY -^§
Nothing on case to Indicate content*. Money
refunded It not satisfactory. Twice tne pries
could buy no better. Reference, any busin<*33
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRA1.M & CO.. Distillers' Agents.
18 Montftomscy 6t.. S. P.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
vJ/MA-y^ DR - PIERCE'S
ELECTRIC
irtiP^ BELT.
5?}i^ THIS BELT IS WAI?-
/j»«» rmnted to be the latest lai-
* proved. mo*t powerful an-1
In an rerpect 9 the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows its electric current ta
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably insulated. Latest Improved aita?h>
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Deuble wire suspensory for men. It will cur*
•ny disease on earth that It Is possible to cur*
with electricity, and It turen when others fail.
Buy ao belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Addreu
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Strest.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRAXCI3CO
Eastern Office— New York City.
F*AL/\CE HOTEL
The high standard ot excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized an,'.
appreciated by a discriminating and fas*
tldlous clientele who regularly malca them
tbelr headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuao-
rcent and with the further advantage of
having street cars to ail point* ot Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
"DT>TTOTJl?Q FOR BARBERS. I5AK-
mill DnilO «5J«««523. to *g.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers. Sourmills, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. at».
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «t<x
BUCHAHA.S BROS.. * ;
Brash Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento St
DR. HALL'S REINVIG0RAT0REK3Bg
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret j*-*
remedy steps all losses in 21 | B
hours, cure* Emissions. Imp;- !T"f W?'
tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, 5JW
Cleet, Fit.-i. Strictures. Lnst yLA IX
Manhood and all wasting eiT-rt* X^J S"*
of »elf-nhu.-"» or excesses. Sent £<-- T rrg^. *. -
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, jr.: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALLS MHDICAL IN-
STITUTE. RT»"> Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073*4 Market st.. 3. F. All prlvat*
diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
«r^*F"J **&t£*>J W rlff f* l1 -• n°n-poi«r*rvTr»,
a^sKj^^fctacl rt , aedj toT Gonorrlwea,
P'fft. spsrmatorrhji,
j3r>firw in lu>ia*T*-\l Whites, unnatural li*
JKffcjf Oeuuu«l |J chargei, or »ny lDaaTttn-v
M*mW not ta Ottawa, tion. i irritation or u.-jot*.
ifc^-jJPriTeau coaujlon. tion ot oneogi men*.
<»<»ir\CUC:mT1.0.ESSn Sold by Ortursista,
lEv r - a >?*'¦? nr iect la Pl*ln wnpje?,
J'etiTSsi JrfCTfj b 7 express, pr«p;u,i. i^t
1 100 > or s bottle*, C7i
v O Circoi*! sou im r^-^y^-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail a t
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. KB CaL. Clonle b«.
COAL, COKB AND P1O IROX
T r^ U'H £ f A 90(> Battery Street.
J.U nlLjUil S IU-, Telephone Main 1S«4.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CMITH Sh! P Plumbing. Steamboat an;I
Hi* O.UUUi ship Work a specialty. IS ar.a
1? Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIS RflYFS R CO Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA J- DV I Ej g ll/» Clay. Tel. Main im
OALVAMZINT AND METALS.
Manfacturer and t>ea!er in Metals* and Gal-
vanizing. JOHX FINN METAL WORKS. 3i3
Howard st.
LITHOORAPHI>G.
The Union Lithograph Co.. 5C5 Sansome »t..
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment Licensee for Imprinting of Revenua
Stamps.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paelffa
Metal Works, 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
F T PFfirTF^ printer.
t- U liLUnCj. m Sansome st.. S. F.
.PRINTEPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First St.. San Francisco.
STATIONED AN'J PKI.NTE^.
Telegraphlo PtPTRITlfiF ** Callrorm*
Codes. iAClKlWUD street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. t^Sla^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GR££.S
RIVER COLL1EK1ES. Is the Beit Coal la tii*
market. Office sad Yardj — iso Main strati*William H, Crowe and Miss Ida Walter
mire Are Soon to Be
Married.
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
TO WED AT REDWOOD CITY
JOINT CELEBRATION
IN MONTEREY COUNTY
July &— the concluding day of the fair
will be a busy one.- The floral and ever
green parade will start at 11 o'clock. The
Queen's carriage will be preceded by her
Prime Minister and a guard of hdnor.
Dressed completely in white, with a set
ting of evergreens and ferns, In the finest
carriage the county can produce, she will
make a picture that would make the blase
visitor from the East bow to the queenly
charm of California womanhood. The
baby show and Judging of exhibits will
take place in the afternoon, and the day
and the fair close with a Venetian water
fete at night.
A parade, military and civic; the good
old list of athletic sports: a soul stirring
oration by the Hon. Frank McGowan;
plenty of music, and a big display of day
and night fireworks will satisfy the most
patriotic soul. After viewing the pyro
technic display, the Queen and her suite
will proceed to the Occidental pavilion,
which has been selected as the scene of
the grand ball, which will last until morn
ing.
the sports so dear to the heart of the
country youth. The Fourth will be ush
ered In by a salute of guns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 16.-The citizens of
this city are arranging for an elaborate
Fourth of July celebration, in which Pa
cific Grove will join, and all the neigh
boring towns will be invited to participate.
A considerable amount of money has al
ready been raised to defray the expenses
and plans for the programme • have be«n
formulated. The ceremonies are to con
sist of a monster parade of civic, military
and fraternal organizations of this and
the neighboring towns, school children
of Monterey and Pacifies Grove, a number
of handsome floats, decorated carriages
"horribles." a Chinese contingent, a body
of cyclists, the usual patriotic exercises
and speeches, a Spanish barbecue and
picnic In the United States Government
reservation, athletic contests, and a grand
ball in the evening.
-h^"' e - W? "rains t0 * h ® <*°o r '
with a satisfied chnckie, «i believe In ad
vertlsm*. But It's Ilk© baked beans. If a
got to be -well done to be any good.* "
hold of the enterprise augurs well for its
success.
Late to-night Miss Peters, who led the
voting list, requested her name canceled
from the list. The race is now between
Mise Sievers and Miss Laogier for queen.
EUREKA PLANS STREET
FAIR AND CARNIVAL
EUREKA, June 16. — Eureka Is to have
a big street fair and carnival. The bust
ling merchants of this busy little northern
city have secured George Mooser to act
as director general, and the carnival Is to
commence July 2 and continue four days.
In addition to the midway shows and
free vaudeville exhibitions there will be
a grand water carnival. The Queen of
the Carnival, who Is to be selected by
popular vote, will arrive In her barge at
the head of her water pageant, and will
be received In fitting state by her loyal
subjects and conducted to her throne.
The chair of state will be fitted into the
trunk of an Immense redwood tree, and
from this lofty throne, surrounded by'
her maids of honor and her retinue, the
Queen will view the festivities and crown
the winners of the games.
Even at this early date the excitement
is intense over the contest, and the race
is a close one between Miss Maggie-Rich,
ards of Arcata and Misses Louise Black
and Scott of Eureka.
Director General Mooser has In prepar
ation a number of novel features, one of
which is the parade of nations and pr©
sentation to Uncle Sam of tribute bearers
from our new possessions. Swarthy na
tives of Puerto Rico, the Philippines and
Hawaii will bring messages of peace and
good will. There will be a floral and
evergreen parade and the busy little town
¦will De transformed as If by fairy hands
Into a perfect bower of evergreens. The
merchants will arrange cozy little nests
of evergreens In front of their places 01
business, where the visitors can find rest
and refreshment. In addition to the new
features there will be an abundance of
Some of the Prominent Participants in the Coming Street Fair at Stockton.
Managers"; of -the Enterprise Daily Add New At
• tractions to the Programme — Balloting 1
for Queen of the Carnival.
NEW FEATURES FOR THE
STOCKTON STREET FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900,
Be One of the First
'o gpt (to-morrow) your ladies* kid tics,
tily <0c a pair. Don't miss this oppor
unity at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Mar
tt street, near Third. •
ELKS WILL GATHER IN
FORCE AT SAN JOSE
SAN JOSE. June 15.— The Elks' Fourth
of July celebration will be a grand affair.
The lodges of San Francisco and Oakland
will send large delegations and every or
ganization of the order in the State will
be represented.
The 3d and 4th of July will be mem
orable days in this city. Never before
has such enthusiasm been displayed in an
event of the kind here, and the committee
of arrangements is ! leaving nothing un
done to add to the pleasures of visitors.
Paul P. Austin has been chosen grand
marshal of the parade on the morning of
the Fourth. His chiefs and aids are:
Chief of staff, E. Lion; chief of aids, E.
T. Sterling and Tom McGeoghegali; aids
to grand marshal — \V. A. Bowden, Dr. H.
C. Brown. George P. Snell, C. A. Harrison,
G. E. Gea, Fred W. Moore, W. B. Rankin
and Milton Besse.
Many fine floats are being prepared for
the parade. The Klks are having one
made to cost $300. A royal carriage for
the Queen In white and gold will also be
a feature.
Miss Sybil Morehoiise took the lead In
the Goddess of Liberty contest. She
gained nearly 3000 votes since the last
count. To-day's count Is a* follows: Miss
Sybil ¦ Morehcruse, 5291; Miss Harrietta
Sage, 49S2; Mrs. Otto Zlegler, 4373; Miss
Gene Veuve, 22S9; Mrs. A. C. MclCenney,
1529; Miss Alice Gussefeld. 1075.
The programme of events will Include
a parade of Klks. followed by a ball and
reception in S.t. James Park on the even
ing of July 3. On the morning of the
Fourth will be a grand parade, literary
Ijwlaj Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. June 16.— Last night's ball,
iven by Excelsior Parlor. Native Sons of
he Golden West, in honor of the Grand
•arlor, Native Daughters of the Golden
Vest. together with the banquet,
ras a grand success. Dancing did
ot c«**ee until after 4 o'clock this morn
3g an*, the majority of the visiting dele
ates departed soon after, that advantage
night be taken of the early morning on
he road to Jcne.
The visitors whpn departing ¦were pro
use In their praise of the hospitality
hown them by the Jackson parlors and
tft amid cheers and expressions of good
rill from many hundred people who had
cmfrrepated at the headquarters of th«
rand president to bid them bon voyage.
Jany of the costumes of the grand ofH
enrwere costly and beautiful, as the la
ics were given an opportunity to dress
or the ball before entering upon the du
i^s of installation.
At tile evening session b«fore installa
lon the vote by which It had been decid
fl to establish a scholarship In Mills Sem
lary was rescinded. The matter was left
d the subordinate parlors for a year to
*>ci<ie between Mills and the State Uni
«ersity. An emblematic pin was adopted
rom a design by Radke & Co. of San
"rancisco.
JATIVE DAUGHTERS
DEPART FROM JACKSON
I MISS IDA WALTERMIRE AND MR. WILLIAM H. CROWE, WHO I
£ WILL BE MARRIED AT REDWOOD NEXT WEDNESDAY. /
Er>edal DItratch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. June 16— St. Pe
ter's Church at this place will be
the scene of a pretty wedding next
Wednesday at noon, when William
H. Crowe of this city and Miss Ida
Waltermlre of Belmont will be
pined in wedlock.
The ceremony will be performed by Rev.
r. A. Brewer of San Mateo. Both of the
'nurg people are well known and are ex
r-pdingly popular among a large clrc'e of
riends, who are profuse in their wishes
I for the continued happiness of the couple.
After Ihe ceremony they will depart to
\ spend their honeymoon at some distant
i point. Upon their return they will be pre
; rented with a pretty home, completely
( furnished, by James Crowe, the father of
] the groom.
William H. Crow* is the son of James
I Crowe, the well-known, genial and popu
lar Coroner and Public Administrator of
i Son Mateo County. Miss Waltermlre is
; the daughter of the late A. F. Waltermire
) of Belmont. through whom she inherits
between $10,000 and $15,000, which under the
terms of her father's will she receives
> upon her marriage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 16.— With the big
street fair but ten days away the
managers find themselves worked to
the limtt. The programme is well
in hand and there is every reason to
believe that the nine days' festivities wiy
go off according to schedule. Additional
interest now centers in the selection of a
queen. The ballot-box will not again bo
opened till the time set for the . final
count, which is next Monday at 5 o'clock.
Little buildings are springing up all over
Hunter Plaza and the adjoining blocks
set aside for the fair. Every available
foot of space has been taken and late
comers are making efforts to secure loca
tions in proximity to the principal thor
oughfares. The grand stand before which
the various ceremonies will take place is
completed and the main streets are being
wired for the electrical illumination to be
given nightly.
The number of attractions is daily be
coming more numerous. Two hundred
marines and a band will come from Mare
Island to take part in the ceremonies of
the Fourth. S. M. Shortridge will deliver
the principal address and Governor Gage
will be among the distinguished guests.
The baby show and baby coach parade
are Interesting mothers. There will be a
fine showing of young natives. Bert
Lewis, who has been selected to lead the
fun makers, proposes to make the frolics
of the horribles one of the best items on
the programme.
Reports received at headquarters Indi
cate that the attendance will tax the ac
commodations of the city. Excursions are
being advertised from various points in
the valley and also the river points.
"Fakers of every description have al
ready arrived on the ground. It is appar
ently the Intention of the authorities to
relax the usual regulations so long as no
demoralizing shows or games are run. The
police force will be doubled during the
week.
The fair is the uppermost topic of dis
cussion wherever people meet. The unan
imity with which the people have taken
exercises and speaking in the afternoon,
with a parade of '"horribles" by the Elks
and fireworks in the evening.
__?
SECRET MARRIAGE OF
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Former Husband of Fannie Daven
port Weds Miss Wilhelmina
Maria Wilton.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., June 16.—Mel
bourne MacDowell, who was Fanny Dav
enport's husband and played leads in her
Sardou productions for some years, was
secretly married here this afternoon to
Miss Wilhelmina Maria Wilton. Mac-
Dowell gave his age as 41, his residence
New York, his occupation an actor. Miss
Wilton gave her age as 27. her residence
Baltimore She wore probably $1000 worth
of diamonds on her fingers and was richly
but not attractively dressed, her clothed
appearing 111-fltting.
NEW COAUNG STATION.
San Diego Harbor Selected by the
Navy Department.
WASHINGTON, June ! 16.— The Navy
Department has decided to establish a
coaling station of the second class at San
Diego. Cal. This decision has been reach
ed upon a report from Captain Field of
the Ranger, announcing the results of a
survey of the harbor at that place re
cently made by him. i The report states
that the minimum depth of water over the
bar at low tide is 21 feet and the tidal
rise amounts to about five feet, so there
is sufficient water for naval vessels of the
smaller type.
Further, the report states that it is en
tirely possible to coal the largest naval
ships in the bay to the east of the har
bor entrance, the water being sheltered
from the prevailing winds by the big kelp
bed, so that lighters could safely lie
alongside the warships.
The War Department, which owns the
large tract of land to the westward of the
harbor entrance, also has agreed to give
the Navy Pepartment sufficient ground
for station just above Ballast Point, and
as sqon as Captain Field has definitely
located the tract desired the reservation
will be announced.
MANAUENSE FINED.
Sailed From Vancouver Without
Proper Clearance Papers.
Special DiF^atch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 16.— The steam
er Mananenso was fined $400 by Collector
of Customs Smythe at the L>adysmlth col
lieries this afternoon. She left Vancouver
without clearance, without having filed a
manifest nor having paid harbor, dues,
says the collector.
The officers of the Manauense say the
matter is the result of a misunderstand
ing. They say they discharged the engi
neer at San Francisco and wired the Van
couver collector that Armstrong, the chief
engineer of the Manauense, had no British
papers, which are required by law be.,
fore clearance Is given, and the collector
t<Jld the officers of the steamer that they
must get an engineer with British papers
before clearance would be given. One was
secured in the early morning: and the
steamer sailed without, however, getting
clearance or filing a manifest— in fact,
lefving her own articles behind. When
the Vancouver collector learned that she
had gone he notified Victoria and Lady
smith to seize her when she arrived. Tot
line was paid under protest.
Body Identified.
PORTLAND, Or., June 16.— Frank Rum
melin of this city to-day received a dis
patch from New York stating that the
body found in the upper bay_yesterday
was that of his father, G. P. Rummelin,
a well-known furrier of this city. Rum
melin left Portland last Sunday and ar
rived In New York last Thursday. It is
stated that he had about $500 In money on
hi% person when he left here. He was
66 years old and had been in the fur busi
ness In Portland for thirty years.
Hop-Growers Meet.
SANTA ROSA, June 16.— The hop grow
ers of this section met here this afternoon
and were addressed by Messrs. Flint and
LovedaU of Sacramento relative to the
future of the hop Industry. Resolutions
similar to those Adopted at Sacramento
were read, but action was deferred until
another next week. i.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
% PHENOMENAL WASH] A SILK WAIST OVA-**
1 GOODS SELLING. TION. f
"T* We have surpassed all records in the past two «f/ QC f nn „ <}7 Cf% U/ n ,' c * *&
-5* weeks 1 Wash Goods Sales. Our values, our assort- 0*.tf3 TOr O */.OU WOlSt.
v^ merits, our styles, all demonstrate the superior attrac- \y e announce for to-morrow one of our famous
? tions that exist here. Again for this week these ex- Silk Waist Sa.es, which will prove of incalculable inter-
"TJ traordinarily great values — . est to lovers of beautiful and dainty garments. To in- *^
£. ' sure getting your size, and color we' advise you to
£70c YARD FOR IMPORTED 20c MADRAS.
jfc Six hundred pieces of these desirable, stanch and cord with fashion's best dictates. Made of the «j>
pretty Madras shirtings go on sale at just one-half choicest Plisse Silks, perfect in workmanship, fit and
i* price. You never saw smoother, firmer nor finer spin- detail unsurpassed. In choice colors of Pink, Light fg»
A ning. and all good styles, in charming colors of Reds, Blue Gray. Cardinal Lavender, Old Rose. Fuchsia -
| Blue, Pin k , Grays. Lilacs and B lack and White, ab- *g^^$t& r worth $4. 95|Ea|h f
r solutely last colors. On special' sale at /Qo yard, - II
* worth ax. MONDAY AND TUESDAY— FOULARD DAYS. *
If THAT SPECIAL WHITE GOODS SALE. 60c Yard for 85c and $1.00 Fou'ard. T
The response accorded our last week's special jf you i iave not already purchased, delay no ?
*? offering of "White Goods" was far beyond our expjec- longer. The silks on sale you will pronounce the best %*
¦^k tat ion s, and we are therefore urged on to continue the value you have been getting for a long time. Fou- -£3K»
sale for another week. lards that we have been selling at 85c and $1.00, for two «,
*^ days, your choice. GOG yard. "
4* White Pique 5° pieces White Heavy Corded * Every piece has the rich, bright, satin luster, in 4^
*"¦ 7? Y rf Pique.- well worth 25c yard; while the this season's latest and choicest designs and colors. »
<& UC rara. quantity lasts 13c yard. ¦ ' • ~^T
*« rv IS^@SJ^I^ SALE OF BLACK GOODS. REMNANTS AT\ %
£_' '^ c iQfZ. use< j f or s kirts: the 3=;c quality for 19c UAI r- DDinc "'*
J£+ yard MALI' fit ILL. $£
«&r Qf\ YnrH L ? - Cc Striped Lawns, in pretty styles; A season's unprecedented selling of Black <£L
OL, IUIU. regular value 15c Dress Goods has left us a greater quantity and
yt 1On Ynnrl Satin Striped Dimities, in choice stvles: variety of Remnants than any previous season. ±
o *= /ZC lara. rt . RU l ar Value rM Ever >' short piece, no matter what the former
~ ,, , t ,• t- •••• .......... Ti - or cost lias been, will be closed out at J'jst &*
£ 9C Yard. Indl ? Ll!lOU> VCry - hcCr q " allty: regular onl h,, f price. There are Crepoiw, Silk Matel- T
1; ue I5c lasse?. Venetians, Cheviots. Serges, Alpacas and
"VJ 19c Yard N!)Ite - Nainsook . a ?oft . nice quality: dozens of other makes, styles and weaves, in *£.
*.v #u#u. regular value 20c lengths of from 2- to 6 yards; all go at one-half „
£; 00 n Ynr*rl 68-inch French White Organdy, sheer the former price.
-£? °^ U I lira. qua li t>% wor th ....'..... soc ? : ' *£•
4+ ? : -*- a
A GRzAT SALE OF ALL-OVERS 98c FOR AN ACCORDIOfl PLMTED MORE BLACK VELVET RIBBON ][
AND TUCKINGS. GRASS LINEN FETTICOAT. BARGAINS FORJK OHDAY^^ *
e% An <-n<21<=!=s assortment of beautiful To-mcrrow ynu will have an opportunity hl -* nt '£?£ a purchased 1 " larRe, and IF
*Z$ Lace All-Ovcr? and Tucldnci nn special to purcfeaae tho grandest style Petticoat of ] a rgt' purchasing means specially low prices. ££»
pale, rommendns to-morrnw. It's the en- the season. Wo have purchased 12 dozen The qualities we offer for to-morrow are the ;*
*? t!re line of sample j.ieoep. secured from the with an object tn view, that wjll create a beet procurable. {&
•t, manufacturer at a very exceptional price. or.mmntir.n anionff shrewd shoppers to-mor- No, VA IVack Velvet Ribbnn. linen back,
"5* r.-.w. They are made of a fine quality Grass the kind so much used for Arena t>£>C *^
4* Imitator, Unais- All 39c50c Uner> • v>ith , a **1\ w^-ytoi** flnunce. U '^T^ m^''veWoi'mbhln. >c A.
* 7 fiL-L.~ fJ< - ru * JK/ i, ». x tra width; well worth $1.50. On special ii n ,. n back Piece t>^-w
sance 7ffo C/ salo at No. 3 all aillc, satin back, worth C4r» &
Point de Pans HUTR^ * Qfi /><,„/, Fnnt, UHc.nrt Yard oC *§*
Feint de Venice UVLhi> Ycrd 98 Cents Each. .g^i^jj&'jj^j^ j^
t &£&£.%£££. 8 V 5C . LADIES' SUMMER VESTS. LlhlNG ECOfioIiis FOR MONDAY f
* pfa.nanddusier.at $125 Yard Worth 20 C. 5£ I9C f
*%* J 20c quality Near Silk Skirt Unlnp. f O/-» «?
m- The remcindfr of those beautiful all-linen They are made of fine Quality Maco Cot- nil fashionable colors Tard 8-^w •*
All-Over Embroideries. In ch"ic«" /> •• ton. In Swiss ribhel. lace trimmed 2.".c Hair Cloth for O 1 /-» *?•
*; desSsa*. from our recent advan- 'ILn neck and arniholes. with t--ilk tiipc fin- lift Yard Jm ¦ *•¥"
¦Zi- tageotu purchase that were st-ilin^ /.Jl. ish; all sizes; no mure thun 4 to each Jll. Brush and Corduroy Skirt Bind- A /-, /*
** at Kc ard Jl a yard, at Yard fcWU J j-.urchaser. Special for Monday at, eacli **W ing ., Yard T^v
4* ? — — ¦ > ' a.
J: -? COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 4- ~
"8* Children's >l __ Ladies'
4-' Couble heels &n<l 3M^^ _^4&& r fcr: Genuine French fv*
r r M nda>-, m^^Ji-iUi^j^t-^f. \*jfr with 2-clas;> fasten-
•^ 14c Fair. '&?*a&&*^* M! *^^ all ' sizes; e fltte^ ami
& + T Euarameed '
Q4:fcUMuiM»uuM*MnU*M^^^^ M T T T T ! r T t I I J-I--1--I--I--I I II 1 1 I I : l I I I I I : : 1 l-i-i-»
- gil To 7V\©n Nfiw Pnwprl f
:: S .J3t jF c °me Drink of the Spring of Youth, the Source of Happiness! 5
Jj \~|y|r It Is Electricity as Given by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt! \
j /^"^ THIS iS T0 MENf Y0UNG 0R 0LDl T0 MEN WH0 * EEL OLD AND RUSTY. I
%( % •\ %% TO MEN WHOSE STRENGTH IS WASTED. TO MEN WITH PAINS AND ACHES. ?
? Ikv I 1 ' -V man. To you I %
4» 1 S applied my way makes men feel young. My eii ecis « «e past. You want to be strong. Electricity ju
I VV V iHilfiik Dn McLaughlin's Electric Belt _^^ I
'•' \^V^^^^^Svnl^-r We'mar, Placer county (Cal.), May 20. 1900. T\D If A 1f A T iTTriTTTTvr tffi^fe$^\t£ti^M
T. •^-^-- r m5iS>^:^l^S^S^^^a^. DR - M - A - McLAUGHLIN-Tour BMt has )K M A M 0 1 1 A TTiVh T IN fcJoSwScsSrd W^ V X.
X y^^^^^S^T^t^^^^S^ now cured me of Pain in the back, kidney L ' il * *"•• A* llitUiiU UllJjlli , BMrBffitJffl^irN ' J
? <P^.^^^^^WW^" iS^h^»^"&t«? h^i lr ?5S e S,t lB ™S? '0= market St.. cor. Keamy. 8. F .; BuL ittfiilKlX +
T / / '^XsSV 7syT\~ t> \^ * from nervousness as I did. Yours very srate- aick block, cor. Spring and Second «!t« H gjBJftffLjLgj 1 *]'' 1 \ T
*( v ' 7 \ \ ¦ luiiy, ±±lr,UDUK.b HILL. XjOS AngelCS. B4dBUw*flK*flMMflSi*4 $
•¦M-M 1 M^H..H.^ M 1..1..M..I.I M I : r.M.l.I.:M..I..l..M..I..l.. M ..T T tYm t t t t M n i , M i j I -T-T -T -T T T T T T I I I I I u j i I 1 I I I I I I I : I •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In Order to Keep Our Tan Sale
A-B00MING
We Will Make a Great Re*
dnction on Every Shoe
in the House.
GET YOUR SUPPLY OF
TAN SHOES THIS WEEK
WHILE THERE IS ALL
SIZES.
We Will Put On Sale This Week
About iSoo pairs of Men's Tan Vici Kid
and Calf Lace Shoes, very latest style
Coin Toes, all sizes, at
$2.OO. S2.50. 83.00
and 63. 5O a Pair.
WE WILL CLOSE OUT
THE BALANCE OF OUR
LAST YEAR'S STOCK OF
MEN'S FRENCH CALF
AND PATENT LEATHER
SHOES AT
&1.OO A PAIR
ALSO ABOUT 800 PAIRS OF
MEN'S EXTRA FINE BLACK
VICI KID OR CALF LACE
SHOES, Welted Sewed Soles,
Stitched Edges, Latest Style Coin
Toes, all sizes and widths.
At $3.00 a Pair
Actually worth $5.00.
MEN WHO WANT FINE SHOES.
We will sell JOHNSTON & MUR-
PHY'S Finest Quality Vici Kid Lace
Shoes, Hand Made, the very latest
styles, all sizes and \vidth3,
$5.00 a Pair
The same in French Calf $4.00.
UDIES^SHOES,
This week we will put on sale about
1000 pairs of Ladies* White and Tan
Canvas Oxford Ties, Turn Soles, all
sizes and widths, latest style Coin Toes.
One lot made with low leather heels at
$1,25 a Pair
The same in extra quality, with
French Heels, at
$1.50 a Pair
We will also put on sale about 200
pairs of Our Own Make Ladies' Grass
Linen Lace Shoes, Very Light Flexible
Soles, New Coin Toes, with Tan Kid
Tips,
$2.00 a Pair, worth $4
Just the thing for a warm climate.
And our own make LADIES' FINE
LIGHT DRESSY EXTRA QUALITY
TAN CHROME KID LACE SHOES.
Cloth. Vesting or Kid Tops, very latest
Coin Toes and Tips, all sizes and widths
$2. 5O a Pair
Also sbout 400 pairs of Ladies' Extra
Quality Tan Russia Calf Lace Shoes.
Welted Sewed Soles, stitched edges,
New Coin Toe and Tips, all sizes,
_$2.00 a Pair
NO GOODS CHARGED AT THESE
PRICES.
If you want good shoes cheap see our
Bargain Counters for all kinds.
WE HAVE NolnXANCH STORES.
N0LAN~BR0S.,
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
CLOSING I
San Francisco Branch • |
JONES BROS. & CO., I
Cor. Second and Branoao Sts M f
Offsr TTuir Stoek «f IJ
GRANITE N
and MARBLE H
STATUARY, H
ETC N
At Prices Regardless r j
of Cost, to Reallza. \ jBlinded by Lightning.
REDDING. June 16-^John Richards and
George Johnson, while driving a few miles
south of Redding, narrowly escaped death
yesterday afternoon. During a hard thun
der storm lightning struck the road just
ahead of the horses, blinding: them and
knocking them down. The men were
stricken unconscious and lay senseless for
several minutes. When they recovered
their senses they found their way to Red
ding late at night. They are still weak,
bodily and mentally. Both, coma from
Southern California.
office directing that the championship
rlfie and pistol contests ln the National
Guard of California for 1893 and 1833 he
held In this city on Saturday, July 14, 1900.
Transportation and subsistence to the
amount of $2 will be allowed each quali
fied competitor. The various 'inspectors
of rifle practice will meet ln the Supreme
Court chambers ln this city on the even
ing of July 14 to discuss the matter of tar
get practice and a revision of the regula
tions governing the same.
OF. INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions and Postofifce Changes Be-
ported From Washington.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: *
California: Original— Christian Walthour,
San Francisco, $6; Benigno Pico, Oxnard,
$10; Richard B. Keeler, Anderson. $6.
Restoration— Benjamin Imes, San Fran
cisco, J6. Increase— Isaac M. Davis, San
Jose, $12. Special. June 6— Lewis M. Thom
as, Colegrove. $12. Original widow, etc.,
special June 5— Agnes W. Flint, San Fran
cisco, $S.
Oregon: Original— William W. W. Ken
nedy, Fossil, J3; James C. Ilasl.In, Drain.
$6. i Increase — William Sydow, Central
Point, $12; Christopher Livengood, Beav
erton, $10. Special. June &-George W.
Comford. Albany, $6.
"Washington: Original — John O. Boyle.
North Yaklma, $S.
A postofflce has been established af'
Zachary, Colusa County, Cai., with James
F. Easton Postmaster. Postmasters-have
been commissioned, as follows: Amedee.
Lewis A. Myers; Sargent. James A. Sar
gent. Postmasters appointed: Newtown,
El Dorado County, Angellne Ferretta. vice
Lizzie Ferretta, resigned; Pleasant Grove,
Sutter County, Fred Chester Pierce, vice
T. J. Pierce, resigned.
. The Postmaster of Los Angeles has been
allowed $4200 for additional Tetter carriers
during the next fiscal year.
?
RUSSIA WILL ABBITBATE.
Be Settled Amicabl
Dispute Over Bering 1 Sea Seizures to
WASHINGTON, June 16.-Embassador
Tower at St. Petersburg has cabled* the
State. Department that he has succeeded
in arranging with . the Russian Govern
ment the basis of the arbitration which
will adjust the claims of the United States
sealers against the Russian Government
for illegal seizure off the Russian coast.
The claims aggregate about $200,000. and
Dr. Asser, a renowned Dutch diplomatist,
has been selected as arbitrator. The next
step In order is the reduction at the agree
ment reached by Mr. Tower to the form
of a protocol, after which the case wlll.be
submitted to the arbitrator.
ARCHBISHOP OF DUBUQUE.
to the Position.
Bishop Keane Soon to Be Appointed
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Advices have
reached the papal legation here from
Rome Indicating the early appointment of
Bishop Keane as Archbishop of Dubuque.
The appointment, it is said, would have
been made before this but for the an
tagonism of the German priests in that
see, who favor the selection of Fathet
Carroll, a professor at the Dubuque Semi
nary, for the vacancy. It is understood
that their opposition to Dr. Keane arises
from his attitude in the Schroeder case,
when that professor some months ago
was removed from the Catholic univer
sity In this city.
Fell From a Scaffold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 18.-
Ernest R. Brock-way, a Stanford student
who was ¦working on the new memorial
church, met with a severe accident this
afternoon while at work on the scaffold
ing of the building. He stepped on a
weak plank, which gave way beneath him
and he fell to the pavement, about thirty
feet below. At first it was thought ho
was Internally injured, but Dr. Frank P.
Moss, who was called, could find no evi
dence of such injuries. His left forearm,
however, and some of the bones of the
hand were broken, making a very painful
but not dangerous hurt. Brockway's
home is ln San Diego, and he Is a student
in history ln the university.
Policeman Bills a Pugilist.
NEW YORK, June IS.— Patrolman Irwln
B. Cornel'.us of the Brooklyn force killed
Patrick Farley early to-day. Farley, who
was a pugilist, had been arrested by the
officer for beating his wife and threaten
ing to kill her and was shot when trying
to escape.
Swedish General Conference.
BURLINGTON, Iowa. June 18.—To
day's session of the Swedish General
Conference was presided over by Rev.
Mr. Norelius, and most of the time was
devoted to reports and discussions of the
synodical board of missions In Utah and
Montana. - - -
As. a dog catcher Sllnkey is Sausalito's
pride: no man in the town could ever come
near him when it came to luring the wan
dering bow-wow to the pound. His meth
od of executing the condemned canines Is
as original as it is perplexing to the rail
road officials. He drowns the dogs from
the wharf at Sausalito, and a prominent
railroad official to-Uay said that Slinkey
had used several tons of coupling pins and
tie plates belonging to the company for
the purpose of weighting his victims so
they would stay down. He has been for
bidden to drown dogs from the company's
wharf, and as he now. obeys the injunction
the railroad men know where to find their
coupling pins and other pieces of loose
Iron. Sllnkey is famous in other roles than
that of unsuccessful suicide.
The failure of his melodramatic per
formance yesterday has had a quieting
Influence on his disposition, and to-day
he has given little evidence of his exist
ence. He is believed to be at home nurs
ing a large lump on his forehead and try-
Ing by liberal deses of spring water to ex
tinguish the hot coals that are broiling his
stomach. According to his friends he haa
made his last attempt to end his life.
Henceforth he will continue to pursue and
impound the tagless and ownerless ca
nines that ill fortune may cast into the
town of Sausalito. Dog-catching is not as
pleasant /as the ladles' poolroom act, but
still. Bays Sllnkey, it Is much better on
second thought than the briny waters of
the bay. .
rescued by a faithful canine, which
dragged him ashore and then raised a
howl which brought a portion of the town,
with numerous barrels, over which the
luckless Slinkey was carefully rolled. It
was thought at the time that he had at
tempted suicide, but Siinkey claimed it
was an accident, and people let it go at
that.
Lewis Novelty Company Promoters
Placed Under Arrest.,
DENVER, June 16.— Mr. and Mrs. D. A.
Lewis and Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rockwell,
who recently opened offices in this city,
under the name of the Lewis Novelty
Company, and advertised extensively the
"Hindoo Good Luck Box," were arrested
to-day by United States Marshal Bailey
on the charge of using the mails to de
fraud. They were bound over for a hear
ing. They came to Denver from Hot
Springs, Ark.
ACCUSED OF FBATJD.
SACRAMENTO, June 16.— Order3 have
been Issued from tha adjutant general'a
Rifle and Pistol Contests.
DAN SLINKEY
AND HIS MANY
PECULIARITIES
Had Himself Confined in. Jail on a
Charge of Murder of Which
He Was Inno
cent
Would-Be Suicide a Noted
Character m Marin
County.
About a year ago he was compelled to
thank a large Sausalito dog for the pres
ervation of his life. While contemplating
the troubles of life he walked off the
afterdeck of a ferryboat which was
moored to the Sausalito wharf, and wu
He was promptly jailed and remained
there for some three days. It afterward
developed that by no human possibility
could Sllnkey have had any knowledge of
the crime, his alibi being patent to a hun
dred people. When released and asked
why he accused himself he said that he
felt a controlling thirst casting its spell
over him and that the County Jail was
the best place for hi»n.
SAN RAFAEL. June 16.— Dan Sllnkey,
who attempted to commit suicide by
jumping into the bay yesterday afternoon,
is famous ln this county for his peculiar
escapades. Some ten years ago a mys
terious murder was committed in the
county, and the authorities -were looking
high and low for the murderer. Slinkey,
alive to the possibilities of the occasion,
presented himself at the Sheriff's office
and calmly proclaimed himself the Ions
sought murderer.
Ep«cial Dispatch to The Call,
PORTO RICANS DISCUSS
INSULAR LEGISLATION
Believe the Island Should Reap the
Profit From the Kecoinage of
Its Silver.
EAN JUAN, Porto Rico, June 16.—Twer.
ty-fiva delegates, representing fifteen mu
nicipal governments, met in convention,
here last evening in preliminary session,
their object being to discuss insular af
fairs and suggest future legislation.
Among the items which they will recom
rner.d are the disposition of the 12.U&.WJ
appropriated by Congress; that the tele
graph system., at present controlled by
the army, be turned over to the munici
palitits; that a high tariff be imposed on
ealt imported from ail countries, thus
protecting the home product, and that the
surplus resulting from recolnage of Porto
Rican eilver be credited to the island.
The argument was put forward that the
silver peso and the dollar were equal, but
that the United States paid 60 cents for a
peso and coined It into a. dollar, leaving
a profit to the United States of 40 cents.
Mr. Elliott, the newly appointed Com
missioner of the Interior, took the oath of
ofiice yesterday.
T*ATrr. TREAT PROMISED.
"As You Like It" to Be Presented at
I>el Monte.
Epeclml Dispatch to Tbe CalL
DEL MONTE, June 16.— rinal arrange
ments have been made by the manage
ment of the Hotel del Monte for the pres
entation on a magnificent scale of "As
Tou Like It" under the splendid oaks of
the hotel park during the coming season.
Very few of the details are yet arranged,
but the date for thfcperformance has been
set — July 14 — and no expense Is to be
Fpared ia malting the performance the
most elaborate of the kind ever presented.
The play Is to be given by an all star
company, with ModJ^ska In the part of
Rosalind, and aU the arrangement?, as
well as th»» management of It. are in the
hands of David L. Hayman. assisted by
two other prominent American theatrical
men. The names of the other members
of the cast will be known in a few days,
and all other preliminary details will be
completed within the present fortnight.
The occasion will be the leading society
•vent here, if not In California, of the
present summer.
Golf Meet Postponed.
Ep*d«J Disrated to Tiie Call.
SAX RAFAEL. June 16.— The handicap
play scheduled for lo-day at the local
golf links was postponed until next Sat
urday on account of the death of Wil
liam G. .Curtis, who was a prominent
member of the San Rafael Golf Club. Be
ginning next Saturday there will be a
regular handicap competition en the links
every Saturday unles3 special events re-
Quiri the use of the i!r.!:s.
"Watson and Murray Held.
LOS ANGELES. June 15.— Walter Wat
eon and James Murray, the two men ac
cused of holdir.gr up and raurdertnp Wil
liam J. Breckenridge on the night of June
2 were held to answer without bail to the
Superior Court this morning. Harvey
Fowler, an old Union veteran, aged 53
vears. who confessed to having held up
a man last February, was sentenced by
Judge Smith to serve twenty years In San
Quentln penitentiary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, June 16.—
'American troops will remain in Cuba in
definitely, perhaps permanently."
This was the emphatic declaration of a
Cabinet official to-day in answer to my
question as to the future policy of the
administration toward Cuba, now that the
elections had passed off satisfactorily and
without disturbance.
"Tfcer* was a wrong: Impression." con
tinued the official, "about the withdrawal
of our troops from .Cuba. The statement
has teen made frequently and widely cir
culated that, with the elections over, steps
would be immediately taken to recall the
larger portion of our troops, and that in
the very near future the American fias
¦would be hauled down, all of the forces
wlthflrawa and the island turned over to
the Cubans. It might Just as well be un
derstood now as at any other time that
no such policy Is possible. Probably after
the constitutional convention has been
held and a civil independent government
established, a portion of the &000 troops
now |a the island may be withdrawn. But
American troops, if only a regiment, will
remain in Cuba for many years to come.
"This does not mean that the adminis
tration contemplate* the annexation of
Cuba. On the contrary, the continued
presence of troops In the island will tend
to aesure the stability of an independent
government and thereby stave off annex
ation."
Th:s statement Is significant In that It
clearly demonstrates the purpose of Pres
ident McKinley to advocate a permanent
American protectorate over Cuba. While
many believe that Cuban annexation U
Inevitable, President McKinley will ad
here to the protectorate policy and aiiow
future administrations to deal with th»
annexation question. V.'hen a new civil
head is elected for the government ot
Cuba the present plan contemplates turn-
Ing over to that official ail the civil
functions and the assumption by the
present American Governor of the com
mand of all of the military forces re
maining !n the island, much in the same
manner as was done in Puerto Rico when
Governor Allen relieved General Davis.
The main difference will be, of course,
that the new civil head will be a Cuban
and that t?» new government will be
nominally independent, but with an
American officer in command of troops
to assure the maintenance of peace ana
order.
President McKinley Believed to Fav
or th.e Establishment of a Perma-
m fluent American Protectorate
"Over the Island.
Administration Has No In
tention of Withdrawing
Troops.
CUBA WILL BE
OCCUPIED FOR
YEARS TO COME
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
17
ADV£BTIS£2CEI7Ta.
WHEN IN
EUROPE.
When In Europe write or telegraph de la
Baize, Z2 Rue-Etienne Marcel, Paris, and
you will receive the Specific wanted or the
name of the nearest town where Hum-
phreys* Specifics are for sale. "77" for
Grip and Colds. Specific "i" for Diarrhea,
very important when traveling.
Specific "1" for Fevers, Congestion. ,
gpeclflc "10" for Dyspepsia, Indigestion.
Specific "1I»" for Rheumatism.
Specific "26" for Sea-Sickness. A pre-
ventive and cure; take before sailing.
Specific "27" for Kidney and Bladder.
Manual of all maladies, especially chil-
dren diseases, sent free.
For sale by all drug-gists, or sent on re-
ceipt of price, 25c each. Humphreys' Home-
opathic Medicine Co., corner William and
John Etreets, New York.
32 Hue Eciennc-Marccl, 32, Paris.
THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. " | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I Men's Grash Suits. Fireworks. ' . l 'mimm mrm Hair Dressings Hair Restorer. |
g The proper Suit for onticg or racation, Firework? are ready. So is our twelve- 88 la llljill Wi IH fl Well-lighted, perfectly appointed Hair 5/ s /c#»s* the'rotaa^a^wi? "*
2* ceo', handscine ia appearance, economi- page pamphlet, giving descriptions and *^ fPi^ifc-i flL-f IyP SI" Wi Prfl H 1^^^^ Dressing and Manicuring Parlor on naia well repay a visit if yoar hair 13 falling '?
K ca'. Strons'-Fmie and sewed, of good prices of assortments for home displays, J^ 11 leaf &£&&' ™^&|§g X&kjSg Eflwfftl oor> of elevator. Artistic work out cr losing color. V.*!tnb!a hinti •*
K linen crash, cut in the latest fashion, set pieces, fire crackers, cannon^ pis- g^ || J^? 1 2^ "'men Ica* wH be^Sf b^th^lo^ hai-ed "
f round cornered sack style, Bizjs 34 to t °k. bunting, etc. Out-of-town J$P> Cggfrf gg^BTftiRtgafte t&gfr 7F.Z& SkS\ **5 made to* orf'er aaFgSraJteS P«*S ladifs who an Snstrat^Th? S^n |
I* 42, big valua at $3.50 and $4.00, our orders should be mailed at once. Fire- _ ALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE fit * Sutherland Sisters' Fanoaj Preparations £
j»' price $2.Q5 works catalogue mailed free on applica- - Halrfressin*. any style. 23e. for tha hvr. jg
t' .. Manicuring. 25e; Shampooing. COc. Hair Grower. Sl.CO size C3c. %
£ Second Aisle— Right Of Entrance. tion. V.".: . " Face massaged 5Oc; scalp treatment 5Oc. Hair Grower. iOc size. 33c. Jf
1 ji§ Special Sale iffliHinepy S&E® ExtraeBPtSSnarym "Siuiigarter" |
| MM °^ &*& G ® A Wholesale Stock Sold to Us at One-Third of Wholesale PNces. UniiePWear. \
ar \S^T^tt\ B&nhff*^ 300 dozen trimmed and ,untrim- This [otter tolls tho story $1.00 untrimmed shapes - 39o Closing out our en- x± A&\ "«
* M'&wi nWG&m med hats-100 styles to select °' «*» purchaso: $ i.5O untrimmed shapes B9o tire stock of La- g% f?;& 5
I S f$'J?&f* »*Ar\ To ° many on hand - To redac3 from— every one a bargain. *~ matuam t „,,,«* x dies' and Ghil- \£r \zr >r
\% Ftock, on Monday only, a reduction $1 . 50 Hats- **. trimmed with wi, t m ' I Children's $3.00 Leg- dren's Garments. vfeL x^n 2
% l^K m of one-third Iron* t*eg- * ottom ™ l * ib . J@k bon and ro- Wholesale Millinery, horns and Fancy Tape jglffi^ Beo-innino- Mondav and /^^/^N/^iPA >«
/h%\% Ular prices. ntt* <pV- _*£&? each.-.45o 5 12 and 5 14 Market Street, Hats, trimmed with "fe,"^S ** v^ UM Ml^iiX I
/p3 lnrsWnhf* Vt^.qSs^ ?2.00 Hits, and 13 and I5 Sutter Street. ribbon* and flower wnile quantities on hand iWitffi.ffA\ '5
* ''•&£& V) Lace l\pves ! fB^ trimmed with san francisco. June is. woo. riDDons ana flowera. tig^^gg last, we offer our entire \ % -n \jW, rVVvv/ / I «
*, ' ''./ ShiiJals/l Rnhm lcS^4fU«^«^ Billc fringe EMPORIUM A*7D GOLDEN"%RULE now_ S1m4-5 t» % »t' J ffiiW <ztnrV nf T ir»H ChU- it V W k /¦''ai'A\ / I «
*• V*i 0 J jpunglca IKUU6S <l&U$*?&?i88& BUS iringe BAZAAR. City-Gentlemen: We send un- Tx&£&/t?&-% SIOCK Ot L.aaies ana Lnil" V I T AlX* \ / V
S ifixT. rSTpi Rnhpi <&m*S&$$§&'$£? r scarf and qaiU der -fceoarate cover invoice for the trimmed Ladies' $10.00 Hand- *g«£££&' dren'3 "Stuttgarter** If \l «
\tk ii* •'.,. U\t>V [\UUtsS -r-m *r 6Qo and untrimmed hats purchased of us. If „ , _ _ ¦ J3» r^>Jtif " ." ° uiuii o aui;. v /Vi-^ ' \ tl «
Iv /^^'^>: <\--*i\<:FniJkrnMpn>A Rnhst: $^50 Batq you «eii these soods «t a price porp«rtion. Made Fancy Braid "gfe -*5 banitary Underwear, ti \p u f'l \ *fcu «
i v* j?>?¥^' JU-/OJ CIIWJTUlUt>l Gil/ IXUUoo •t—uv nais, fS&^i^Zs^z^ ate to th « cos t to you, your customert have iriiii. x x j V * ™ '»iH \ JWJeI •*
! Jk* /1-^^K ar^Aipo/.?- /7i«7it-^fW^*-z»/J trimmed - .S&dl^SEa'ti a feast awaiting them, as some of the hats Hats, latest shapes, \ Z. p Ve3ts, pant3 and com- v „ ' ll\ \ *^ft £
2* /1^»^P\ dXfllHSOOfv •nllWWlCl ereCl _.: f v --JS^V^^^ that cost J18.C0 per dozen, you bought (or « n WHW tn'mma^ t h\l^ l X\)l\ hiVitS^W*« of *%-ns> S.. V \\ \ I/I .«
5 tfC ~<L \ L JS^S*- * 4&0 - In many Instances the hats are sold sp.endldly tnmmad... I ((fe^gil/J DinatlOn SUlt3. at O73G- \ V/f J»
S* - /x>T i *W %rt) \"V nODCS 'arge fffi&SL' " :^SCT~\ to you at less than the cost of the trim- $4.65 Vi/^" >- msnj*inr> nff rnniifir* catnloaUOX \ \-'A .*•
ft /XVr^ VV i\y u^ frincTA Va^^S^gSSSeSaVS. mings and the buckles on them. The styles **'°° UUaner Oil regular KHrflUJ/UU y «
?» J^l. &-V 3 VTy-»^f*rsV>> c~>« «/ tlin m»»o» J-Qor.Hf..l . A K«o r , n«Vki are oJl this season's novelties and successes -,_ __ , ,.,,.„ *.~ •>.• BfMf*^^ 1 I I *
!*•! Zc» Fhufek JvV^s Some of the most beautiful robes scarfs— MJW -not an old hat in. the lot. wishms you $15.00 Imported Model Hats $7.35 prices* \\ \ *«
! -. /%*'*'£?'• imported th:s season, regular pnce3 87c UWf/Pl ' « v «ry success with your big buy, we remain ''Stnttfrirtflr" n n ,1arwpir h« a tc-W-w^s raira- \\l m
I i mll^^S^ ° { ? ich ar9 fr ° m f ia0 ° t0 ?45 -°° ?3 - 00 HatsV irimmed KhT.flE^ %% yours very ™^ tfBlI 5 0 LM * Nathan. «nd $35 Imported Model Hats S^ i^SJy b'ng high* UJ 5
jy each: to-morrow only vet and gilt backles, each...Q3o u ?- ? $15.00 recommended by eminent radical authorities; J~j{ 5
i J- $10.00 Riles...S6.67 $15.00 Robes... $10.00 T^Z^ZmZ r=-r~ ~*£~m n Z, Z perfect in fit and unexcelled ia wearing qualities •> \ \ j»
l l^!Zr:^k^: 73c sZ r o % S sJ%?Z. 57c - Gioak Department *S£ One _ 0uarte ,. o ,,. ° |
j S £- ttft Another of our popular Dress Goods GUt B"i*BGGSm Second AMe-x*rt of Entrance. \t
\S ff J! 9 ti Sales to-morrow. For one day we offer summer wdgnt Goif A tg[& " ' *
g {ZxO-uarzSm \\ a c h o j ce assortment of this season's capes.made a» shown c«S WM R**ri &Jhf*f*£inSMm S
j? Just what is wanted for baby; can UL cfonla on^ fonru fahrirc inrliiHir.rr. ln P Ictnre in newest fTHP M*^r> ****** %*MB**V**MMM*gm £
IS be taken on streetcar, boat or \W ii staple and fancy fabrics, including: B tyie 3 , piaid back, with *g5 -5^ a Sneclal Sato Monday. 5
6 train; folds np as shown in illus- \fcjl s - @J 46-inch all-wool Storm Serges, in a or without flonnce— a jS^S^ >**™*v «**»« j j»
ts tration; weighs only 8 pounds; Y3^r f-f COmDlete assortment of colors. nice' light weight, all- /^^N/iP^W To-morrow we place on sale for one day only, 10 cases of 5
I*! stands alone when folded and V%Y^ hL A^ \-noh, all wr.nl PlnSrlc in n j, nmooniin ; wo ° l cloth » regularly | S^**mT \ AFP^K assorted widths of high grade undressed sheetings at less thaa X
!S will not tip forward— • J^^L>^^ 4o-mch all-WOOl HiaittS, m a. homespun ¦ $7.50. for two days //Tf/AlX W&¥w\ present mill coat, bought months ag> bafora the ma ia naan- J
|5* Wiih plain lires $3.00 /f^^K^^fi^^d and camel S hair effect. only, Monday and Toes- J^( /^aJ^A tHIc^Tf factnrers' prices or th>se qaotatioaa would be impossible. S
A* With rulb'f tires....$4.OO 42-inch Striped Mohair Alpacas for day $4.95 \&2<£lP(WT^^& tTW\ Unbleached Sheetinsr. 2 yards wide, ner yard 17o }*
*T Baby Carriage Department— ***£ 7*z, wiicJ-c nnH nnf^prqVir^c; I *3 J The well known Pcqziot Shooting, usbleache !. 81 J«
;K Second Floor. waists and undent. $12.50, S15.OO. t ,M\^M^* tfoT inches wide, the double bed width, per yard ~..21\O .J
\te _. — ! All-WOOl fancy VtgsraUXm and $13. CO . •lljM *W B'eached Standard round- threai sheeting, 54 inches wide, the 5
|»: Fine Photographs* all sterling values at the regular price 7Cc Jackets, $8.95 j single bad width, per jarj ~ 13\o >
I 1 The best that can b, producad-a perfectly equipped studio- per yard; OH Special Sale all day f=r-^ g§ bStJriiJ^U^™? Heavy^leached Sheeting, 81 inches wide, for double bed^er ,|
S »a? I £BV > «L?^ t * 8^ S<> fi' y 0 ** 1 .*^/ 1 -* 83 "^ rooms —a pleas- tO-morrOVV at . ** * *" lent quaiiti«,.a!l colors and sizsj. Not a jacket ever before Undressed'hea^ bie^Thed sheVtin& 'TiTrda* wide," peV yard J
' V Cine de vStJ ; Lrln g y0Ur vh °%T*n Sale3 TabIe s-Maln 'Aisie. ' less than $12.50, most of them were $15 and$18; your choice ? S ' ** ' L.23O *
; % Carte de \ bitesize. dozen g*' 5 ** for two days only. Monday and Tuesday $8.95 £
IcSSE 3 ' sfso Suitable Summer Hats. fAt .his price alterations extra). $
S &bSJL^boBiaw;'dwn Bo - T3 ' ¥ exican Straw H . ats - the - W^ sisk Wa/sfe rerfucerf-assorted lota of the Ladies' Jacket Purse, g
;j: ...... S2 ' OO 'J f 2 ' 5 P'A 3 A 5 P^S'S2 he e^ n silve! e braid n /// newest and best silk Waists, all colors and black— c^^^^ Genuine Seal Purses ia the oblong 5
' | SSJjSftSSSSSSSg?: $90 °' * WQ ° mSIwSjJ 7etrZ:'?iZ W^^~ J' n ai J tS '^ we / e 15 ' 12 - 50 ' 10 and ™Z th^ \ conveniently in 5
' x „ "1"~ • rough or smooth finish, black, J g^J rfr*K^ i ?9-95, $8.95, $7.45 and $4.75 pfejyiilL^ l^ et P?^ et f 8 j d^ bl9 ,. c ' a3p f^S!, :
\$ Gut Glass ,tr-rhr dFearl^ tU 3S^^^>^^ Tailor Dresses Reduced-biz reductions |^^^^ i&o^*Ooto^*S2&5g£. : ?
: * \f:—»S*«m.***4**~ *>-7** S&» o lls , nt T^c V'Vr'T'Vr; . , — in many of our best styles, Email lots that we i..- 'FtsjU VQ$ n'ne alh>ator oblone shape: also Ix
\* Vinaigrettes, 37G. pff X^^^^&t«*v»iLio*b* : wish t<? clear ont, all sizes and colors-$50, $40, 'ffejfe^ T Kh«!i&.: *
i | Special Sato Monday. W.1m "P^SSSSvS ..75c, 5Oc, 25c ?30, $20, S15and $12.50 Dresses now, $35, $29. M Y *>+**> Leather Department-Rotunda. J
\i , a .„ , , , . |£M )M Main Floor-Off Rotunda. $14.95 and $10.00 jj
i %i We have c.o^ed out at a ridiculously low price tha p^ rih : 1 ; t DM«e<» Q#f 14 Poc/r^/c %
lit balance of a jobber's stock of genuine cut glass KffStm l/^»0#^J?1»/f»ffi 5P^^» Fff 4ht* TnHi** WTOSS Otflf DabHCIbi J,
I | vinaigrettes or smelling salt bottles with sterl- If W( &%*& VGEBBBd^S JS&G* FOr tHe TOIICt. The latest novelty in baskets, made *?
|| ing silver tops, which w 3 will P lac3 on special M Wk\ A Special Sale Monday. ?" e S^1 w^ll^SS uS« S™ 9 IS? of tough Japanese fiber; h U very li ? ht \
|g sale at 8 o'clock Monday morning and while the fflf/M " c " . Only about half pfic, for these- E S f S K& m lm fOn and strong (much lighter than the &0^T *• >~± \
\% lot lasts, each. 37c W W *>$&% positive^ the best Veiling Barg in p ° r ! m pL^f^ JSS leather cases>, a nice looking basket to WM£' l'^\ %
|I Men's Furnishings. P^^^^mSmSIm W^^ %
\i Special Sale for This Week Only. W^^^' vHfl mo lu desir tl >1 \ f yIes: y P " 16l2S iEChe3 * U5 ° I
it rrr i i i. • • ir j xt. L , . * . -f'^c^w^W'x/ black, blue, white on black, brown; --. m « *. Basket Department-Second Floor. '-
K W e place on sate, beginning Monday the balance ,of several o^>} 4 ? 4^ regular valuo 50c per yard special £Sg*OG@ff*2&S"L§£>13£Q8*$a — -?
a,* lots of goods left over from different special sales. These ['/• '¦^"%1'' r j4 price Mondav only 29o *JHUm*u ««l*»«» mmmwgvwM «9» <
1 £ goods we have again reduced far below the original sale price. \>'.7>/?>>^ 300 all-silk tuxedo""Pattem Veils. Special prices announced ton Monday. Fi*GnGh OfgantiiSS, -*
;. Lot 1— About 70 dozen of the ce e- _ , \\<A j£j>^ x Ul . chenille spot and border; extra file We are absolutely certain that wa can save you money on T f aM ; ro 4 frn _ Francft ino niec-3 of Fine White Organdies. 3»
!tf h^' L %l^ X f laundered f^\. |j I'^Mll quality; 50c and 75c values: on pure food 3 an i liquors. Only the best of everything finds shelf *
£ Whito Shirts; 'these are X^j^-^iM {{(n^^BiW "' special sale Monday only 29o room in onr remodeled and greatly enlarged Grocery section. 63 inches wide-a bel ateda. hipnj n *^ h "° "^ e ;S Z
•T claimed to be the best Shirts O^^|£7\S-Pp L™ Sales Tables-Main- Aisle. Yon can order by direct grocery telephone South 69. Free grades are marked at these very reasonable prices per yard .«
j * that were ever made to sell for (\^\ _ "T^^ _^> „ suburban delivery to - 35c, *OC, GOO, 600 j
I L^TKiiSft 4 WM B oyf S3.50 S Ul is-$l.9S. a» c .,. i|i^ BiTSt, _ . . - * ?
V only left, the special J2ft\ \ \£g?&M A specially bought lot of boys 2-piece Suits that would sell in Krultvala Emeryville Sausaltto Vallejo fi* rrata/T* S 53» H **\£&ff&* fbw «
j K sale price will be, each. 25C <m \ J^mlm the regular way from 53.C0 to ?3.50 ; they consbt of a £lamcda E™ h , u e r andro Tiburon""' Stockton ¦ &P&***** 0 «»«*» **a g
\\ Lot 2-20 dozen of the celebrated $f\--U^5ffl double-breasted coat and knee pants, in all sizes for boys S to Berkele r San Leand i? eta iuma Stockton « tm^K-M f+*mmlm> *
I ft? "Leominster" unlaundered v^»4^>- Cjl^-Jr-^ 1G years of a^e — the matoriali are dark bluochoviotsf.nl - Emporium H «JS- Best Eastern MaQEMS®M$OB&M GS^OOftf-S* *«
j i. White Shirts— in these we \ ~^^ Eome P rett y fabrics in brown and gray that will not readily J L-, sugar cured and 'fin, per lb '..f3o . %
j jf have only 8iz?s 14 and 14J left X*^^^ phow the dust. The Suits are very well made indeed, up to- J^fW Van Houlen's GOCOO— i-lb tin3 We place on sale next week, commencing Mon- * S
I ft>* and have 'made the special sale . * date in style, the big store's very special price $1.95 e£ M * 20D day, and while the quantities Ia3t, a special pur- Jf
?C price to close them out, each Second Alsle-Rlght of Entrance. h &vs\\\. Emporium Whdi Wheat and Graham chase of 2700 pieces of kitchen ware. Tha en- «
$• dSOG _ — — -\ / ' ' '"^S \ F our. in 10-lb sack?, per sack 23o ameled ware, u heavier and better grade than ha3 S
U Lot 3—50 dozen 4-ply Linen Collars, very best make, Ut3tlet*fttUStin OJ&pZlfWttient. ///.I 2S • \ Thompson's Fancy Seedless Ra : s»in3. yet been offered at special sale in this city. *
f that sold originally for 25c, of which we have now remaining \ variety of seasonable items rightly priced. M $ fc- \ 'b • IOC 300 75c enameled ware Duh Pans, U-qwutjm. «
5f- ffi-SlS^iftllA ffct ««^or aprons for campin, | || |
a? Lot 4-83 dozen men's fine Golf Shirts, with cuffs to match, } T LadieTcloth Bathing Slippers 25% for : 25c 300 enameled ware straight covered and handed >
U ai good as most $1 Shirts, we have all sizes, don't care to carry AJK. Ladies' Tennis Gowns, cut fall and 'jL Extra fancy head Woo, 3 lbs. 25<O Sauce Pans. «8nl«ly3oc, «•••••-—•— .^W *
S. them over into next season, so have marked them v»-« fl&F&if l\ i onB . 7<3r- Fancy Mixed Tfea— Regular 50c per lb quality, 4- 3c— 3 lbs « *"". wc « » aanxelea « ? «
I t !V he ,7 P f ial -V^^-i •;: Sc Xn l^^^^^pi^^SS^SS 8g •- »• : I *'•««} /f^^^ SSla^i^Tite
* Lot 5-47 down men'a and boys' Suspenders, our repm'ar \\] / A m j ne . S/.00 Baking Powder— Emporium best, every can guaranteed A. U* f^Y>^ Kettles, -j-qnart size^. f^FJ\ i{
* t^ 5c^^•^^^"P^ks and wire backles, others have J, WW / J Ladies' fine cambric' Skirt, lace trimming SatrietIypTOlbItln^i^^^2 ......30© //#• i^""Tradnated O^art E^^ *5
jf the sliding buckle— special sale price, per -„ /// /ffifchjjj &1 75 Shaw's Pure Malt Whiskey— A pare liquor for *-s ; lo ° graduated «iart £.,^^3 «
*I pair. M&G 'I <iil>\ Co«sfi#"''OoVo^T"neck"'*embroi'dprV medicinal purpose?, regularly $1.00 per bottle 73o i^ ;^§J n iT reS ; a '-""" n /'''"il H^ll "?
h Lot 6-88 dozen men's Mercerized Gotton Socks, ! uEJSnff embroidery y, c Boh P em^ n St# regularly |L50 W-i-> 300 40c painted tin Ch-un- p @| f 5
»f these goods look like silk, hard to tell the differ- - n Ladie3 » French CorsotCovo'r"'ban& 'at'wabt 50o Per dozan, $139; quarts, regularly $2.30 per dczan ber PaiU, 12-quart capacity, at.......--.- 2SO liiii£|iJ 3
J> I4C, 28C and 58C OSCh ¦ Secoiid'Fioor-Eas t "side! ' ouu Majn Floor-Rear. House Furnishings— Main Floor, rear. J,
a>* *^
1 v*""""^-^^ STRICTLY RELIABLE. §
I H TALCOTT !
Mr &co.
3 yf VVS. ¦ /j/\ \. VTARICOCELE CURED IN OXB &;
5 Jf I j \S^ * week at office or four weeks' horn* «
8 _^7 f / •SSS&^j/Ml \ VV**x»_ treatment without operation. g
g // I / fS5SV5^^// \--^\ Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and 8
O // Y \ SI II y<^ every form of "Weakness" a specialty. O
Q *»j \ \v / // >^v We R:aite a »pec!alty of casei which &
q \\ \ \i_-4 II j) hare become chronic and complicated q
w \\ \ (T7j\ // // tna oeglect or tmsroper treatment. 15
I \j * / / // -NOT a "Weakness" bnt §
q v\ I / an iniiainiiiaiiun. o
© By far the most freauent cause of so-called "Treakrms" of men Is chrsnte In- S
8 fiammatlon of the Prostate Giaml. This gland la the very center of th« reproductive sys- oa
Q, tern. It can readily be understood that lonammaticn of any organ will cause disordered ,V
O function of that organ. A remedy that would cure a real weakness would make aa M
O Inflammation worse. Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many vzen who have 0
O unsuccessfully treated for weakness will now know tbe cause of failure. Our cractlc* O
£{ Is devoted to this condition, together with contracted ailments. »
« The only specialists ln San Francisco wltb a thoroughly equipped hospital, trained ri
* nurses, etc.. In connection, for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and others W
S wishing' to remain during treatment. w
* Fees reasonable and may be paid in Installments as patient sec-s hid Improvement, w
g Private laboratory. J»o charge for remedies. 05
8 ___ Full Information cheerfuUy mailed In plain envelope. | 8
J3 Office hours— 3 a. ra. to S p. m.. Sundays included. £«
| 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street. |Cin TREASURY'S STOCK
OF COIN IS AUGMENTED
CASE INVOLVING THE
RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH
Chicago aud Retam $72 5C
Tickets oa »a.le J-ne ZXsi tnd C23. tr.vuj fax
return witlvia sever.ty <5ay». Or.ty KTii*. hour*
to Ctlrara. em th« Over-laud Lim'.TpA. vt*
Union Pacific Railway. IX "W. H*tfhc«ck. Gea.
Act.. 1 JJsstECircry ft.. San rranolsoo.
Sixty wards of the Boys* and G r r!s' Aid
Society were taken to Elm Grove yester
day for their annual outiRjr. They were
in cJurpe of S'jperintfTidcr.t C. A. TTf>*
frabfrg. Trey* will er.J.-iy tJu-.niaplwa
among: the pir.e tree* nf Oazartcro Jot tls»
next five or Rtx -week*.
Boys' and Girl3' Ontizg.
Special information i&p$Qed flafly rr<
business houses and public rae5 by th*
Press C8&I&BS Bureau (Al>n's), r»T> Mor.r-
Eoraery street. Telephone Maln'llxC •
C^-L glace fruit 5?c ger TS atTcrwrBsemTg.*
Co-simeacegient Z±erciscs.
The coffinenrener.t exercises of St.
Ro*e Academy, wfclch is con<2u'~tpcl Yy Qte
Dominican Sisters, win be hpkl or Tur»
<lay, June 19. in Native Sons" Hall.
John Parodl and CThsules Crasrta. boys
about 37 years of ace, were held tn an
swer before th<» Superior Cnurt by Jucffm
Mopan yesterday on a charce nf ro&btnr
in T1000 bonds each.' They v.-or*> accusp<l
of rotbinpr Theodore L«-<icleThf*s a now»
paper carrier livlr.p at 1217 "Lombard
street, of J7 en the nijrht cf the 12th uli.
Held fcr Robbery.
J.VW0. There were f.ve bids and
Doyle's was the lowest. A commurr'ca
tlnn from ihe I'nlon Iron Works a-'Kiag
for betttr rir»- pruuctlon in ib«* shape or
larger mnin.1 in th<> vicinity was referred
to the Chief kith Instructions to do every
thfnj? nox«fbi6 to remedy the grricvanc*".
Kolla V. Watt, president of the board, re
turned from his trip East yesterday rocm
ing and was welcomed by his associates.
• There 18 eucn a thing as compulsory hypnotism, which can be applied to any
person without bis censent. It is possible to shatter a human will as you mieht
break a china vase against a rock. But this is a new ar-d almost undeveloped field.
about which Uttle caa be said at present.
Where every other influence has failed to restore a man to moral sarlty
hypnotism has succeeded. So 1 would say that if it falls to extract a confession
from a criminal no other means can be used with success.
We can difceover the sense of right and wrong where none seemed to exist.
"We can overcome evil habits and awaken the higher self which never com
pletely dies in any man o-r woman.
The time may come when the old. Ineffectual mfthods of regeneratlne the
moral nature will be superseded by hypnotic treatment. The astocisfcing results
already attained prove this beyond question.
By hypnotism we ran reach people who are moral imbeciles, and by co ether
power known to man can you do this.
There le no <3crubt that hypnotism can and will be used to. detect crlnse. But
•we are only en the threshold of knowledge in this direction, and no one can set
limits to the future of hypnotism in overcoming the obstinacy of criminal?.
Generally ispeakir.g a gtrong-wllled man may still keep his criminal secret fa
spite of all influences, hypnotic or otherwise. As a rule criminals are very hard
to hypnotize, because they get their whole nature against the hypnotist, and
when a man Is under the influence of liquor It lit impossible to do anyttflcg- witn
him.
Hypnotism only gives us a means whereby we ran the more readily jret at the
divine man within- if is not so much a key to the door of a man's mind as a
more eSectual way o? ringing the doorbell and conversing with the occupant.
Hypnotism will not make a liar instantaneously veracious. It Is a very com
mon opinion that a hypnotist can completely capture the mind of his patient
without his consent and discover all the secrets of his past life.
PUBLIC Interest has been aroused recently on this question by the extortion
of a confeenion from a thief by means of hypnotism.
A confessio-n of crime obtained in this way may or may not be a valid
one. It la not necessarily infallible, any more than a voluntary confession
•would be. It would jyave to be verified by other evidence before it could be
seriously considered.
AN CFflCiflL OUTRAGE.
QUARANTINE OFFICER KINYOUN has
inflicted upon California a blow which will
go hx to offset ail the natural prosperity of
the time. He -'-as issued a circular quarantining the
«-fao2e State, his posted inspectors Et the State bor
dcrs ¦,:•.".. instructions to allow r.o passengers from
Sao Francisco to pass the State line tinltss on prt-
Kestados c: £ certificaie signed by a Marine Hospital
cfiicer. The reason given for this extraordinary ac
tion :b that "the Lifting of the quarantine by order of
the Ft'i'.r;." court* u.Icvvs people "who have possibly
bte;< exposed to the infection of plague" to leave this
c:iy for other St^es.
Ccrjcerr.ir.g the motives that prompted the quaran
tine officer to this supreme act oi disastrous folly it
:= cot '.\orth while at this time to inquire. It appears
:':<¦.::: the circular that before it was issued inspectors
c: ;;.«.- Marine Hospital service had been already sta
tioned at the borders of the State. Everything had
beta prepared for the b!ow. The action therefore
•• ¦ ¦ •-¦':. cpon c. r.ue of facts known at the time
the case was under examination before
Jndge Morrow. Thus the evidence which Morrow
dismissed z.s irsut'r.cicnt to justify a quarantine oi"
Chinatown hts !kt€T2 rsken by Kinyoun as sufficient to
yestifr f^uaxzniming the State.
."• - not likely thst ary white person will find
much difficulty in obtaining a certificate. The order
hzs been issued r:ot to establish a genuine quarantine,
but to make a show of vigor which will impress the
people of the East. The reputation of San Francisco
asd aj] California :s to be injured, trade hampered
2nd prosperity checked for the sake of setting up a
dmxanj quarantine!
Judge Morrow has cited Kinyo"n to answer for
contempt of court, but that is not enough. The citi
zens ?hou!d speak out upon the subject. The issue is
to provide a remedy for the wrong. . That can be
done only by a wholesale, universal condemnation of
the order, znd a statement of facts showing the false-
Ecss of the prtt?n«e under which it was issued. To
accomplish that there should be a general rnass
meeting. one thoroughly representative of the city.
and it thorsJd take every step that in the judgment of
the wisest i% detrr.ed necessary to relieve the city and
the State from &e curse put cpon it.
At the preterit tine there is a strong; delegation of
Caiiforai22s in Philadelphia in attendance upon the
Republican convention. As in a matter of Uiis kind
partisan considerations have no place, it might be
vonh uh:!c to profit by their presence in the East to
Esk thtrr. to lay before the President the facts of the
situation and him to revoke the po*er which
Kiaycun has abused. Were Congress in session the
Stste delegation would act in such an emergency, but
that dde^ation is scattered. Why, then, should not
the merchants and the citizens request the California
'.-,'< :¦-.'.:: ix Philadelphia to ict?
Whatever is to be «3one shcuid be done promptly.
It counts for nothing that Kinyoun and his ofneers
win give permission to ;ravc the Slate to even.- white
man that aisbes it. and that the quarantine is to be a
subject of mockery at home. The fact remains that
abroad it will be an evil of portentous magnitude to
fjr trade and to our industries. It threatens loss to
ill, di?£Ker to vzzr.y znd ruin to sorne. Let the peo
ple pet together, advise and take action.
Here, then, is an evil which the better element of
the people must unite to suppress. If the Grand
jury, the police, the courts and the law be alike pow
erless, there remains the community. The people are
not powerless. They can amend the law, strengthea
the Grand Jury, rouse the police to activity and put
upon the bench men who will not permit the law to
be mocked by any trick or device that rascalit}- can
practice.
Should the courts be powerless we must have re
course to the Legislature this winter and have the
laws amended. We have put ao end to racetrack
gambling, and the next step must be that of closing
the places where gambling is carried on under other
forms. The vice is the most pernicious that entices
youth. It leads men to waste their earnings, tempts
them to dishonesty and so on by swift steps from one
degree of crime to another, until in too many cases
the end is-murder or suicide.
The complaint is an old one, for the evil is one of
long standing. It is clear there exists either a defect
in our laws or a weakness in the courts, and perhaps
there are both. Judge Belcher's decision upon the
Reno marriages shows that the courts have power to
prevent the evasion by subterfuge of the marriage law.
Why, then, can they not prevent the evasion of the
laws against gambling, when the subterfuges prac
ticed are so transparent as those described by the
Grand Jury? It would seem that a court resolutely
determined to make 'the law respected could find a
means of preventing its open violation under such
shallow trickery as is practiced by the more notorious
offenders. It would certainly be worth while for some
Judge to put the matter to the test and see if the
Supreme Court will sanction a subterfuge that thinly
conceals so gross an evil as that of public gambling
along the principal thoroughfares of the* city.
The report then goes on to specify poolrooms,
i poker game resorts, so-called "commercial broker
| age" establishments, where gambling in one form or
I another is openly carried on, and points out that in
; many places there are nickel-in-the-slot machines
which are virtually a means of affording gambling
opportunities. Efforts have been made to suppress
these places by grand juries and by the police, but
the efforts have failed. In explanation of the failure
the report says: "The police have arrested the pro
prietors of these establishments several times, but the
courts, both Police and Superior, have dismissed the
cases on the ground that it is not a percentage or
banking game, and htr.ee not against the law. * * *
Our Superior Court says that playing draw-poker is
a game of skill and not of chance. So that when
phyed without a banking or percentage feature it
I is within the law. These open poker games have, of
course, to make a profit out of the players. The or
dinarv 'drop or draw-out' would be unlawful- This
i difficulty is overcome by a very palpable subterfuge,
namely, the house sells the players two packs of cards
i an hour and a check, which entitles the plaj-er to
| io cents' worth of refreshment from the house when
ever he chooses to take it."
The justness of the plea is made evident by the
statement of facts regarding public gambling. On
that score the report says: "No faro, no roulette, no
crap games that we could find. If there are any, anJ
we think there are in a cosmopolitan city of this size,
they are so quiet that they cannot do much harm.
There is a great deal of gambling carried on with the
law's sanction, too much for the good of the youth
and weak adults of the city, who cannot resist wasting
their hard-earned money in a foolhardy effort to get
something for nothing."
ONCE more a Grand Jury has closed its career
with a report containing many good recom
mendations and also excuses for the failure to
achieve satisfactory results in the way of the suppres
sion of evils' and indictment for crime. The report
indorses the recommendation of a former body that
the powers of grand juries should be strengthened,
and says: "The Grand Jury is condemned by the
pxblic for failing to do that which it is powerless to
do, no matter how anxious or how willing, and is
held in mockery and contempt by many who should
fear it most."
THE GRflND JURY REPORT.
f\ NEW" play by Augustus Thcmas is always an event to j
I J be looked forward to with interest. Since Bronson |
Kn Howard retired with well-earned laurels Mr. Thomas is j
/ the only one among our playwrights who shows prom- I
* ise of being able to fill his place. The only j/erson who ,
can even be mentioned in competition with him is Wiiliam
Gillette, whose knowledge of construction is second only to
Mr. Pinero's. but whose capacity to portray character has not j
yet been demonstrated. Now. dramas that excel only in me- j
chanical construction never live as do those which truthfully j
and vividly portray character: that Is why Scribe is to-day j
merely a name while Angier and Dumas are living forces; that ,
is why "Alabama" and "In Mizzoura" axe better plays than
"Secret Service." „ _, _
In his m-.st recent work, "Arizona" (R. H. P.ussell. New-
York). Mr. Thomas has followed out the plan he so success- j
fully employed in his former plays— the plan of making a study ,
o r American character in a locality where that character has j
developed free from the ir.fi uencts of European civilization. .
Life In a great city of the Atlantic seaboard is not very differ
ent from life in a great city of Western Europe, but Hte^ln j
Arizona presents conditions ar.d develops types quite un.fte j
anything to be found between the JCeva and the Ouadalquiver. I
Such a type in "Arizona" Is Henry Canby, owner of the j
Aravaipa ranch, a cattle king whose heart is as grr-at as bi« j
fortune He has two daughters. Estrella and BorJta, the
Conner marri»d to Colonel Bonham of the Eleventh United I
S'ates Cavalry— a mun considerably older than herself. Bon-;
ham knows that his wife 1p not happy but does not know the j
cause: father-in-law, beirg consulted, gives this sensible ex
planation, couched in language delightfully "Arizonese:
Canby [rfsing and walking]— Colonel. I've broke a good many
bolts broke lots of *ern to go double. When you first yoke 'em ]
up they jes 1 v.-hip-saw that way. [He pantomimes a sudden and j
d ! sconcerted pulling with his .hands.] They ain't never both
agin the tugs at the same time. Then I give 'em the gaff, an'
after they've run 'emselves nearly to a standstill. I point 'em
home. They come back together like the wheelers in a band
wagon.
Colonel— But I'm no colt, Governor.
Canby— You are at gittin' married: and all new married folks
are jes' the sane. For a while whip-saw— then bolt. Some bolt
harder and more of it than others, but they bolt— all of 'em.
Colonel— Well, are Estrella and I whip-sawii:? or bolting?
Canby [resuming his place at the table)— I take it you're j
boltln'. I Each of you thinks if he could only run a little faster i
he'd get away from the other: but you can't. You're yoked, j
Now, that don't mean trouble; it simply means you ain't used
to your harness.
But It Boon appears that Canby's explanation Is more pictur- .
esque than accurate; Colonel Bonham has a rival for his wife's I
affections In the person of one Captain Hodgman. a younger j
end handsomer man. When the colonel is one evening sum
moned to Los Angeles Mrs. Bonham arranges to elope trith j
Hodpman: gives him her jewels (this is a bit ancient. Mr. j
Thomas!) and is stayed upon the eve of Tight on!y by the in- i
terposition of one LJeutenant Denton. a friend of the colonel, j
•who threatens to shoot Hodgman unless he desist from his pur
pci?e. Hodgman desisting and the colonel returning unexpect
edlyTDenton finds the tables turned; he is himself compromised
by "his well-intentioned presence in Mrs. Bonham's house and j
by her jewels <which he. had taken from Hodgmant being found |
in his pocket; at her entreaty and in order to save her repu- |
tation he refupes to the colonel any explanation; this leads
to the colonel's forcing him to resign from the army in dis
grace. This situation closes the second act.
The third act oper.s vcith Denton as major-domo at Canby's
ranch, to which he had come, drawn by love for Bonita, after )
his resignation from the army. Bonita is evidently willing and
things look happy for Denton when the Eleventh Cavalry,
en rout*? to the war (with Spain) stop at the Aravaipa ranch.
Kodgman repeats the slander about Mrs. Bonham and Demon;
the latter strikes Hodgman, who, the next moment, is fatally
shot (from benlna uer.wn b enouiu-r^ vy hjhj —¦—¦-¦-/« ~
vaquero who owed Hodgrroan a errudse. Tony disappears a
the evidence points to DentfiO a» tiie, murderer. How Utti
dence is refuted, how Der.ton gets Bonita ud how the color
Is reconciled to his wife— behold, a-e not thes« thir>gs Mt fora
in the fourth act of the book of Sdint Thomas Augustus, wniti
they who love a romar.Uc story of life on the plains shx>ul>.
read?
Very few dramatic writers can pet through a serious p.av
without employing at leasf cne of those ancient UMHfctxiea
devices The Intercepted Letter. The Man Eenmd the Curt*
The Overheard Conversation. Mr. Thomas (alas!) has Owa
all and adds to them a mlssir.K bullet, which he carefui:y u-:.
us in the stag-c-direction, was ftred "into th? floor." That buJ
let must have staved in that E'jor and must have been .our.<;
by anybody who would spend thirty seecads looking for it. '
the numerous people on the etajre in Act IV. not one taosg&i
of looking for that bullet, and why? If they had found it tter*
could have been no Act IV. AnJ that would have been KW
pity for if you can only forget about that bullet you «ffi
the re«t of that Act IV a m->dei ot suspensive construction.
Ab intimated above, Mr. Thomas is much stronger in cha-
acterfzation than in incident. Canby. the cattle kin?, has a.
rtady been spoken of; another excellent portrait — and dist:.
tively American— is Mrs. Canby, who had a diamond pin big a
a padlock, a jrold bracelet so thick that the Greasers didn'i
steal it because they thought it was brass, end silk dressw
enough to sink a ship— none of which things consoled h*:
greatly, eln'-e she lived in the desert where no c.w WoM •«
them. Bor.lta Canby is a delightfully drawn Western grirl
frank, impulsive and affectionate— no prude, yet never overstep
ping the bounds of true propriety. When Denton. on accouni
of his fallen fortunes, will not renew the suit which be had
successfully started in better days, this is how she settles tiu
n.attrr:
Bonita [folio-trine slightly}— I know I'm insistent ar.d un
womanly now. but I didn't hunt you. Mr. Demon. Tou wen
out of your way to make m» care for you: and now, you caa'i
r ; de to 'war and be silent. Even a girl has some rights.
That !s her serious raocd; here ehe is sketched in Btgttti
vein. To Denton's great delight she has just lent him one oi
h«r 5idc-corrbs to fix his hair with:
r>enton — Tou know, at the post, most of us bachelors fcav*
quarters in the same building.
Bonita— Y*s<, I know that. [Very*matter-of-fact.]
Denton— After belrr* together a while we becorae rather fTM
with one another's possessions. It's a way we get into In the
Academy. But. if we don't like a chap pretty well [in a tOBM
of Judicial pur.is-hmert] we den't use his thLi§s. [Pause.] Now
how do £irls feel about that?
Bonita [with Alice-in- Wonderland manner)— I don't think
they know about it. Has it been printed?
I>enton [menacingly] — I mean, among themselves. Is tie rain*
and thine rather sharply drawn? [He ccmes to her, his wooing
resumed.]
Eonita— Yes ffrh* turns, meeting bis gaze with insinuating
frftnli.ieFS. Pause. 1 unless they like a fellow.
Denton [laughing nervously]— Oh! kind o' human, after all.
Bonita [a2w> laujebing]— At times, yes.
Denton [in playful earnestness]— Any other fellow ever used
that comb?
f Bonita shakes her head. az.d Denton smiles and turr.s away
much pleased.]
Bonita [taking cenb from hair and resrarding it]— I haven't
fcad !t very long.
Derton — Oh! [Pause.] And I suppose there am't very many
fellows passing this way?
Eonita [with affected Jnnocence]— Xo. not many.
Dentcn [reflecting]— Well, that rather cuts clown zzy aver
age—still [Pause.]
Bonita— What?
I>enton — £x> me a favor?
Bonita — Yes.
Denton [really serious tsA very near her]— Don't lent! It tc
any other. [Pause.] Will you? [Bonita purses lips in restrain:
of smile, and slowly shakes her h»-ad.] Thar.k ycu.
[Denton smiles and turns with sigh of rt!ief.]
Bonita [taking second comb from her hair] — It's pretty bard
though, to tell them apart.
• • *
Making allowances, as one is glad to, for the technical de
fect* above noted, ice must confess that in "Arizona" Mr.
Thomas has written an interesting and thoroughly America::
play—good to read and good to act. If one had to express flM
large-hearted rationalism of this play in one characteristic s*"u
tence it would be found in this of Canby's: '"That's Arizona'
We're a little shy on water, but there's as much rharity for 2
woman aa you can round up In the gospel of St. John-"
SUNDAY JUNE 17, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Jo;ess k'\ Communice-tonsto W. S. LEAKS. Va^e^er
HJISAGEB'S OKriCE T *lZ 9^J^iX^. m JU^.
FLC1-ICATXO5 OFFICE.. Market an* TkirdL S. W.
lelrpkoit J're.. SOJ.
EDITOIUAX BOOMS .217 t» 231 Steve»»«m »t.
Telephone Preu 2O2.
O*:i»«rr«-« br rm-rrtrrm. 15 C«tt Trr Week.
Vn»l» C-optea. 5 C»«t«.
Trrai br M*H. !»cl«dlmt PeiUfri
£>AILT CA-LL. flnoJcdlE* 8ua4*r>. oae y»ar ~~. « ¦•»
PAH-T CALL. (JnriiifiiEf Baa<Uy). t eimkS* MJ
: AXX.T CALL. (S^riufi'-n* Eus-iar). t Dtalht l.W
&AH.T CALi*— Er fcirjrJ* Jtocti _......—. «•«>
FTJfDAT CALX, Oc* T»*r .....— 1"
WEEKLY CALi, Om T«*r J-* 5
All post Blasters *re »«tborl*e* t» recetre
¦ ctKcriptloni.
Eticj."i« copies -will be lorwtrfiei »lwu icqucrtaA.
!£*:: r5t*er:b«Ti la or:<-r:s» ctt=rt of aSlree* «b->B5fl be
Ftr-sr.- i_- tc f.xt bcti NEW AND OLT> ADDRESS la erCer
t- :t-2rure *. j.-rtisp^ imC correct coen-I^ace with tieir re<iae»t.
o M.j.aMj OFFICE Ill* Br»»4wij
C GEORGE KRO3KESS.
Vtra^ef roteign Adwtitinjr. Marqiietto Building. Chicago.
'~*.--i. Z^icvfcXKx Tf'.eib'SBt "Ostrai 2ta.")
KXTST TORX OORRESPCCTOEXT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
mrsv TCHK KEFnESENTATI V E :
STEPHEN E. SV1TH.. 32 Tr.bune Building
CHICAGO JCITWB ETAXDS:
EberrEsa Etna*; P. O. New* Co.; Gmx Jfortbem Hotfl:
Ftraaoct Hcsmt: A^tertias Ro'jtL
N^TV TOKK NEWS FTAN15S:
¦¦"»-' -* t i- - - a K •-¦-«.. A. Erectaao, SI Tdo» S^sarc;
JCrrrsy HB1 Ht-jei.
WASHINGTON |D/C.}*OFRC£ ; , v> W»ttiHgtafi Hotel
$.'-RTON t. CRANE, Con-ei pendent.
-r-:: fit o'clock- r* Htr«, cpra cstil »:» o'clock. €3
MrACTianT. ©p*ti BStf] *-¦» o'clock. CU Larfcln. cp*o cotU
? :*. o'clock- 5*41 12.ifm.vm. <?9*t. until IS o'ciock. Hfl MArfc**.
bchmx Rrtarnth. cjwrs until » o^ clock. lt*S V*!«vrU» rp*a
BSSfl * o'clock. :06 EWesifc, op«3 uatfl I o'clock. VW ocr
fc?r T«-«ciy-«eccsi fcufl K.e=tucky, cpea c&Ui » o'clock.
THOSE COMMISSIONERS.
fifty reporters rose in gratified chorus, "We slill hold
our job."
lessons. Deacon Fitch, who had moved uneasily in
his sleep, drew a long breath and snored away to
dreamland sgain, and from the experienced throats of
THE Democratic State Convention rose to the
height of an "occasion." To the directing
mind of the Examiner it was a high board
fence upon which to advertise. The plan adopted
was to. secure the indorsement of Sillybilly for the
Vice Presidency. With that poster on the boards
the convention would have served its only purpose
cf benefit to that newspaper. But when it comes to
advertising, using anything from a swollen gland cut
from the groin of a. Chinese to the wreck of the
Maine, the Examiner takes no chances on one
method alone. So it decided to have three sandwich
men in the convention to tote its sign on back and
brisket. It employed them, and to tickle their van
ity named them "commissioners."' They were to
send the most inner, inmost, inside news, right from
the slick and reeking viscera of the convention. The
commissioners selected were those time-seasoned
journalists, Judge James Maguire, Mayor James Phe
lan and ex-Governor James Budd. The use of these
three Jimmies was it once suggestive of the bur
glarious ways the paper follows in getting news.
They were to be used in forcing the lock of that
sinister secrecy which keeps the inner confidences of
a convention in- £S deep darkness as the parlor of a
prairie dog.
The ordinary newspaper slaves of plumbago, who
have to look at things from the vast outside and
skirmish for a knowledge of the contents, looked
with envy upon this trinity of talent, who were bear
ers of the sesame, and wore their sandwich-boards as
knights did their armor* In despair some of the
plain reporters resorted; to drink and some to their
imagination, both equally intoxicating. The news
was to be had only from the commissioners.
Each had pad and pencil, and each was tagged as
Examiner propert3 r , like a prize pointer at a bench
Ehow. In the convention were persons distinguished
in many ways. Spellbinders were there, who had
held crowds in such izpt silence that a pin dropped
sounded like a clap of downeast thunder. Leaders
walked that floor who for forty years have pointed
with alarm or viewed with pride the doings of many
administrations. True party men appeared who ha<l
ridden the Democratic horse though saddled as high
zs Mount Diablo. Faithful workers mingled with
the throng who had many times furred their tongues
apd made their beads split with pain, next morning,
:;7 advancing the principles of the party. Again they
came, to lay their wounded livers before the lights of
the party, that their infirmities gotten in the wars of
Bacchus might plead for recognition. But what
v. ere these to the three high commissioners, who
were to wrench from the convention the only pur
pose for which it met, an advertisement for the yel
low paper, which is 3ike a dark brown taste in the
public mo'uth!
The Only Three, the great Would Be, the Has
Been, and the Might Have Been, were there, and
others huddled around their six legs in lilliputian
timidity, hoping that they might float to fame as part
of the news to be born on the points of their potent
pencils.
After a proper period of absorption of information
and a further time for incubation, which in the case
of the Would Be was timed to the allotted probation
given to the germs of bubonic plague, the commis
sioners sought solitude and wrote, while a section
of the longest leased wire in the world spit on its
hands, humped its back, tried the strength of its in
sulator? and got ready to bear the burden and jocund
freshness ot the news to be. The first jimmy applied
10 the door of the situation was that of Judge Ma
guire, and the Might Have Been sharpened his pen
cil, moistened the same with his silver tongue, and
wrote: "Inhhis convention I find full delegations.
The recent scandals arising out of the election of
United States Senators, the waiving of the right to
fortify the Nicaragua canal, the Porto Rican tariff,
the constitution follows the flag."
The locked chamber where the Has Been stuck
his torjrue in his cheek, as an aid to composition,
being occupied by ex-Governor Budd, gave forth the
sound of stage thunder. Wondering listeners seemed
to hear railroad tracks torn up. chewed and spit out.
and depots crumbling into ruin. The clatter of rates
falling and the prayers of Huntington for mercy
made it seem Jike a chamber of horrors. The uneasy
ghosts of two Republican Legislatures gibbered to the
air in threats of suit for breach of promise. In due
time this commissioner appeared bathed in a cold
sweat and handed to the waiting messenger pages on
which appeared, inscribed in letters of living light,
the News: "The Democratic State Convention ad
journed to-night, and left no sting."
The Would Be sought his room, double-locked the
door and let the portcullis fall. An eager throng
thirsting for information blockaded the hallway. At
fiist there issued sounds of feasting such as trickle
from a private dining-room of the Pacific-Union
Club. There was the genial popping of corks, the
sound of nosing a canvasback that has felt the fire
just seventeen minutes. Then there were the wailings
of the disappointed, followed by the protests of a
ponkey against a squirt of germs from a Chinese
bubo. Then silence fell, to be broken by the cry of
the banshee, and soon were heard the struggles of an
expiring ambition. Then the death-rat',le rose and
solemnized the air and all was still. The Would Be
appeared at the door, pale but calm, and handed out
the News: "The Democratic convention appeared to
be a representative body. There is something for
midable in the assemblage of men from all sections of
the State. In the last election Mr. Bryan polled
144.000 votes. Mr. McKinley polled over 146,000
votes. This convention acts, behaves and appears in
every respect as a body."
The wire stretched to its task as this hot stuff
struck it, and the fluid sputtered at every insulator.
The ghosts of John Bonner, George Frederick Par
sons and Loring Pickering, which had sat up in ap
prehension, returned to their harps and their music
Not until the full reports of the census officials have
been published showing the increase of population
throughout all the region around the bay shall we
know how much has been the real gain of San Fran
cisco during the decade. Thousands of those who
live in the suburbs are active citizens of San Fran
cisco and only sleeping citizens elsewhere. Their
work, their business and most of their wealth is here,
and they are virtually citizens of the metropolis.
There is therefore no reason why we should be down
cast over the preliminary estimate that our increase
Avill be only about 14 per cent. The official figures of
the bay district will give us a better showing.
The climate of San Francisco and the district
around the bay is such as to .encourage families to
live outside the city. By a short ride one gets away
from the fogs and winds of the peninsula on which
the city stands and finds ample space for homes where
the climate is perennially delightful. The ferries and
the railroads that connect the city with the outlying
suburbs afford abundant accommodation for all who
wish to come and go. There'is never a season of the
}xar and hardly even a single day when it is unpleasant
to make the trip from the city to any of its suburbs. It
is therefore inevitable that the tendency toward
suburban life which is so marked a feature of our
time should be. more pronounced here than else
where^ for in no other part of the country is such
life so agreeable at ill times.
By adding large sparsely settled districts to their
cities the people of Chicago, St. Louis. Brooklyn and
New York have enabled a considerable population to
find homes without going out of town. The rapid
transit lines render it convenient for thousands to live
in the suburbs who formerly would have been com
pelled to live downtown. Thus in cities where the
suburbs have been annexed the population has in
creased by great percentages, but where no such an
nexation has taken place the trend of population to
the suburbs has diminished the natural increase of the
city itself.
there has been a very large percentage of increase
of population has during the past decade annexed a
wide sweep of suburban area, while in those where the
increase has been comparatively small there has been
no such extension of boundary, '*,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CxlXL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17. 1900.
Oozn Paul's statement, "Wherever I am there is the
j capital of the Transvaal," may be takeo as a proof he
I is carrying the treasury with hinv .
Colonel Jack Chinn is quoted as saying recently:
"Every man in Kentucky who needs hanging will
get it," and for once the sympathy of the nation is
with him. Such sentiments are popular, and it is to
be hoped the prediction is true.
And now comes an expert who declares the wild
jubilation of the British over their recent victories to
be due to the fact that oi late years they have taken
to drinking claret and coffee like the French" instead
of sticking to beer; but perhaps a good deal of the
hilarity was due to too much beer.
The official figures will of course show some errors
in these estimates, but in the main they will probably
stand good. We shall therefore have in the census of
this year a striking illustration of the effect of trolley
cars and other modes of rapid transit in stimulating
the development of suburban districts around Jargc
cities. It will be noted that each of the cities where
IH^ROM the preliminary reports received from
census omcials engaged in counting the popula
tion of cities :t is evident that one of the notable
features of the census of this year will be the enor
mous differences in the gains of various cities. Thus
it is estimated New York proper will show an in
crease of population of something like 33 per cent,
Brooklyn 57 per cent. St. Louis 52 per cent and Chi
cago 68 per cent, while Philadelphia will show bat
15 per cent increase and San Francisco hardly more
than 14 per cent.
THE POPULATION OF CITIES.
The r.cxt racket «c have in this country trill be
carscd by a clamor throughout the West of a lack
cf cars to haul the crops.
It is cot to be disputed there is one plague in
California — and the csirse of it is Kinyoun.
From the way Democratic conventions are skipping
the silver <jnestjou while indorsing; Bryan it look? as
:¦' the iea<k*s sntend-d to put strings on the young
tzzrx this tune 2od not permit nisi to cavort as he did
TT.e report that the Empress of China is on the side
of tBe Boxers raaj njcsn nothing more than that the
Boxers are having the best of it just now. By'th?
time the zVMi. forces crush the rebels zvA establish
few it will probably be focr.d th.2t the vriiy old lady
has bees on their s:<3e all along and was only flir/ingr
Tax Collector Scott Has Received
Over Hundred Thousand Dollars
From Banks.
Tax Collector Scott has succeeded in
collecting about $103,000 In taxes from va
rious banks whicu refused to pay on tbeir'
total "assessment last year because they j
contended that quasi public banks were
not taxable. There remains but one bank
—the Savingrs and Loan Society— that has
not paid its taxes, amounting to $10,924.
but it is understood that payment will be
made to-morrow. As soon as this amount
is turned in Scott will have collected the
sum of $114,456 77 on bonds of foreign cor
porations, an increase of $22,133 77 over the
August estimate of $82,000, and the mu
nicipal funds will be correspondingly In
creased.
Scott ha* also collected about $12,000 in
delinquent taxes, and po far the receipts
of June amount to J140.000. Should Judge
Seawell'B decision transferring St. Mary's
Park fund of $125,000 to the general fund
hold good the threatened municipal de
ficit will In all probability be entirely
wiped out by June SO.- v;.-s>- ::-.* -J
Aleck Goldstein Will Test the Ques
tion Before tha Board of Police
Coianiissioners.
Aleck Goldstein, an Australian, was ar
rested Friday at Geary and Market
streets by Policeman Scott for obstruct
ing the street. He -was haranjruir.tr a
crowd on the sdtuatton in South Africa
acd when Scott asked him to move on
PH^ efUs t? and was taken t0 the Cltv
f 0 ?- , He , W P ind 2iraant at his. arrest
and declared that he would lay the mat
prctect?o£. th * B ? Ush ConsaJ «*d askhl3
The case was called in Judre Frit2"s
court yesterday, and after heSingr the
Ooidsteln s anger had not subsided, and
he declared: "HI will sell hevery
blawsted stick of furniture In me 'ouse
tp are the 'cop' dismissed by the Police
commissioners, don't you know."
Fire Horses "Wanted.
The Fire Coaunisrtonera met yesterday
afternoon and awarded the contract for
supplying the department -with tnirtr
horses -to J. J. I>oyle, the value beir.i
18
ARIZONA
AUGUSTUS THOMAS'
STUDY OF
WESTERN LIFE
CONFESSION OF CRIME
BY HYPNOTISM
By Johr) D. Quackenbos
Of Columbia College.
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle. |
6EYM0US r.ATON,
SUMMER COURSES,
...1900...
Bc£irjr.in£ Friday, «7anc S3.
: I American Political Partiss.
J IL TY,e Discoversrs 11 z Explorers of
IIL Famous Art Calleries of the
IV. Historic Stages !n Ko^ne Far
V. Coroparallvs Stadies of Two Cen-
tcii:s.
VI. Literary Talks and Rem!n!s.
ceaces.
AMUSEJiTKTfTS.
Ca is —.-£-¦ a m;:«: vum* ru«."
A;».-AX*r — "Hasiio," to-morrow clrtt.
<¦¦_¦: ra v t uo-v::>
. a Ms— K< .-£.:.
C ;;•-•:.; -i.. - .?•-•¦? KuiedD B&d Eidr rtre*t*— fipedaUle*.
'¦ Z ¦.• ¦<-: I TLi i'. 1 -.- — V&.u6t \ -V.t «very i'.lemiwn and
tvi ¦ • g
5* - " • *¦— ' FT* "*
Us: : • ;.:•;¦. z.% 1'i.rk— Cctrf~r tc-4ty.
lz.i>:i:'> CmraSac P*A-Cuuxtist to-d»y.¦We save money for amateurs. We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio, n Geary st.; supplies.-"
Says She Was Forced to Marry.
Elizabeth Bartlett has filed suit against
Fred Bartlett to have their marriage an
nulled. She claims that he came to her
home one day in 'September of 1593 and
Jos.,T. Cavanangh.
The Overall Laundry and Supply Co.,
Jos. T. Cavanaugh. prep., has removed to
357 Tehama st.. Spaulding building. •
Bonds for Sylva and Simpton.
Simpton and Sylva. the two defendants
In the perjury cases growing out of the
Fair will case, were admitted to bail be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday morning.
Judge Cook had previously set the ball
at $10 000 bonds, and this amount was put
ud for each yesterday morning. The sure
ties are C. A. Warren of the contracting
firm of Warren & Malley, and Thomas
Butler. - ' . : ,
Sylva and Simpton have been at large on
Ytm cash bail, but they did not wish to
tie up so much money, so they had the
bonds substituted Instead of the cash ball.
They formally surrendered themselves to
the court and drew down their $5000. and
then the bonds were presented and ac
cepted.
El Campo.
' To-day the sun is shining and the bay
where fair El Campn lies will be alive
with sails— white butterflies at play upon
the surface of the smiling sea. A spot
Idyllic for a day's retreat afar from all
the city's dust and noise, with scope of
sea far stretching at one's feet and rural
quiet which the soul enjoys. To dance
for hours beneath the shade of trees or
In secluded dells, from all apart, list to
the soughing of the summer breeze. Thus
doth Ei Campo charm, enthrall the heart.
St. Peter's Parish Picnic.
Amid great enthusiasm the various
committees in charge of the arrange
ments for the coming picnic to be held
by St. Peter's parish at Los Gatos on
Thursday next, the 21st inst., are com
pleting their labors. They have arranged
a very pleasant programme for the day,
including games and dancing. A feature
of the affair will be a souvenir pro
gramme arrarged with beautiful illustra
tions, and to which Rev. Father Ycrke
has contributed am article upon a very
interesting topic. Tickets for the picnic
can be had at the residence of the clergy
of St. Peter's parish, at the Monitor of
fice in the Flood building, at the office of
the Home Investment Company in the
Parrott building, D. F. Keefe, Twenty
third and Harrison streets, and from the
various members of the committees in
charge. Besides the- regular, dance pro
gramme, the Iover3 of jig and reel danc
ing will be accommodated.
Over three hundred gate and game
prizes will be offered to those who shall
attend and. the price of tickets has been
placed at a sum within the reach of every
one. Trains" will leave Third and Town
send streets at 9:15 a. m. and stop at
Twenty-second and Harrison and Twen
ty-fifth and Valencia streets.
Sudden Death of a Carpenter.
L Mlmier, a carpenter, while at work
on the Miller. Sloss & Scott building, at
the corner of Fremont and Mission
streets, expired suddenly yesterday fore
noon. Heart disease ia supposed to have
teen the cause cf death. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
SAMUEL C. PORTER IS
NOW CHIEF CLERK
Appointed by Julius Jacobs to Act in
Sub-Treasury in This
City.
Assistant United States Treasurer Ja
cobs of the Sub-Treasury In this city an
nounced yesterday the appointment of
Samuel C. Porter as chief clerk in the
Sub-Treasury. Mr. Porter at present is
a clerk in the Custom House with long
hours and short pay. The salary of the
new position is J240O per annum and It Is
a big Jump from the salary paid ln the
Custom House. Mr. Porter is an excel
lent accountant, having been engaged for
several years in the banking business ln
Georgia. Afterward he was bookkeeper
for Captain A. A. Magill. general agent
for a well-known insurance company.
On the list of el'gibles as first published
by the local Civil Service Examiners Mr.
Porter's name was in the fourth place. It
was raised to the third place, according to
the statement of the Examiners, because
Charles L. Brown, the eligible whose
name appeared as the third, did not re
ceive the requisite 70 j>er cent for experi
ence. This brought Mr. Porter's name to
the third place. George H. Andruss being
second and Lamour A. Boynton, being
The choice of the Assistant Treasurer
Is received with great satisfaction in the
Custom House, where Mr. Porter's abili
ties and affability have won for him a
host of friends. V-'
threatened to kill her If she did cot rnarrj
him. She says he Intimidated her to 3ucf
an extent that two days after: Septembe:
14, 1S0S, she married him through fear o
violence and Injury to herself. She allege
that the defendant la a "person with £
coarse, passionate and brutal nature." ant
that she is a woman of keen sensibilities
and of a refined, nervous and timM dis
position." There Is a daughter. Eleano:
Anna Bartlett, and the mother asked t<
be awarded her custody.
Bank Files a Protest.
The Bank of California has filed a pro
test with the Board of Supervisors
against the passage of the bill imposing
license taxes on all persons, firms an<i
corporations engaged in the business of
loaning money, receiving deposits, etc.
The. bank requests that it be heard for
the purpose of suggesting a modification
of the bill, which the bank regards as
Just.
A Silver-Lined Invitation.
The Boston Shoe Co. invites Its patrons
to their 50c shoe sale to-morrow. This
sale will be the best of all sales. You
will find ln this lot 1000 pairs, consisting
of la-dles', misses' and children's black
and tan shoes, worth from $1 50 to $1 00
Also some ties — all will go for only 50c a
pair at the shoe sale of the Boston Shoe
Co., 7*o Market street, near Third. •
THERE Is considerable activity ln the
matter of arranging the work of the
eeveral sub-committees of the gen
eral committee oi the Native Sons
of the Golden West that Is preparing for
the celebration of the semi-centennial of
the admission of the State Into the Union.
The committee on naval parade la work
ing out an elaborate plan for the event
on the bay, which it is proposed to make
the main feature of the celebration. It Is
proposed to ask the United States Navy
Department to issue an order that all
war vessels at Hare Island take part in
the naval displav and to that end Con
gressman Julius Kahn, who is now In the
city, will, it is said, lend his assistance.
It is proposed that the sham battle shall
be made more realistic by the use of
large tugs to represent torpedo destroyers
and having them chase escaping vessels
and fire after them. Colored bombs to ex
plode over or near vessels which shall
take part in the battle will be fired from
mortars. The vessels that take part in,
the parade will be illuminated and it Is
expected that everything than can steam
will be pressed into the service in order
to make this the grandest display of this
kind that has ever been seen on the bay.
C. H. Turner of the hydrographic office
In the Merchants' Exchange Is the chair
man of the naval parade committee and
he-has appointed John D. Spreckels as the
commodore for that evening.
E. Myron Wolf, chairman of the com
mittee on scope, and his fellow-workers
are busy discussing numerous suggestions
offered. One of the latest is that on one
of the days at the park there shall be a
reproduction of some of the sports that
Uncle Sam Will Be Asked to
Lend His Battleships for
the Big Celebration.
NATIVE SONS
PUN A SHAM
NAVAL BATTLE
were prevalent In the early days of the
State, notably the races for oranges by
the old-time vaqueros, who used to hurl
an orange along a road and while It was
rolling ride along at full speed, lean over
In their saddle and reach for It.
During the coming week all the parlors
of the Native Daughters will discuss the
proposition to take part in the celebra
tion and before the end of the week they
will announce what they will do. Las Ljo
mas Parlor has already announced that it
will co-operate with Hesperian Parlor of
the Native Sons. El Dorado Parlor has
the assistance of Orinda Parlor, N. D. Cx.
"W. Buena Vista, La Estrella and Oro
Flno parlors of the Native Daughters
have for some time been engaged in de
vising ways to make a fine display.
Athens Parlor, from across the bay, has
notified the grand marshal that It will
take part in the parade, the members to
be attired In white duck suits cut navy
uniform pattern, and that each member
will carry a white parasol.
Pacific Parlor will parade about one
hundred and fifty members ln neat white
suits and preceded by a military "band of
twenty-seven pieces.
South San Francisco Parlor will turn
out a band of vaqueros, mounted, and
during the march there will be an ex
hibition of broncho riding.
The National Guard companies of San
Francisco will be invited to take part and
an effort will be made to have the entire
Second Brigade ln line. It is not expect
ed, however, that any of the organizations
from the other parts of the State will par
ticipate on account of the expense of
transportation unless some of the com
panies In the adjacent counties will come
at their own expense, which they may do.
the celebration not being a local but a
State affair.
DODGE LOSES
SUIT AGAINST
WAREHOUSEMAH
Justice Barry Decides That
He Did Not Follow the
Statute.
Justice of the Peace Barry rendered a
judgment yesterday in favor cf A. B.
Caldwtll, a warehouseman who was sued
by Assessor Dodge rfor J100 penalty for
refusal to be examined and testify to a
Fiattrnerit furnished by Caidwell. A sec
or.d complaint was also filed against Cald
vt'l Tor refusal to produce the books of
his business as a warehouseman and re
: utal to testify concerning property aj-
I'-ged to be on storage in his warehouse.
Judge Barry, in a lengthy document, re
'. Itws the evidence and, while not denvlng
the right of the Assessor to obtain a
; idSBMCt for a statutory penalty, under
section 2-X2 of the Political Code, he holds
that the Assessor did not proceed against
Caidwell according to the express terms
f the statute. Barry agTees with the
contention of Caldwell, who, though sub
stantially admitting the facts, denied their
: :--;i! sut3ci<?ncy.
In the preface to his opinion Judge Bar
ry :ays:
The amount rued for li comparatively email,
1 Bt the question* involved are grave ar.d im
j.orTiint- They affect property rights of the
> ;t:z-»:i» as well &c determine come of the
powers cf Assessors. A desire to give them
¦ ireful study with a view of arriving at a
1 t'ical asd iuft conclusion has possibly de
layed n-.y decisi-n much longer than is gen
? rally taken with ciatter* submitted for de
tenntaittiea in Justices* courts.
The material points of the decision fol
low i
The entire inquiry cf the Assessor was net
tb< Bt the defendant's property, but about
rther people's property. It was directed to
the defendant as a warehouseman, and as to
•wfcat eoods. If any. he tad on storage ln his
fai<1 warehouse and belonging to other persons
£"d not to any property of the defendant him-
by the defendant. By no process of reasoning
can questions put to a person concerning other
people's property be resolved into or construed
as an inquiry concerning his own property, or
testimony given about other people's property
be resolved into or construed as a refusal to
testify la relation to a statement made and
presented to an Assessor setting forth the
property owned by the person presenting such
etatement.
The subpena served on Caldwell is too gen
eral and indefinite. The defendant is com
manded to appear and as declared, "testify in
reference to a statement made by you now
on file in my offlce." What Etatement or kind
cf a statement did the defendant make? Was
it a etaten-.ent with regard to assessable prop
erty or wa* It a statement in regard to some
other matters? If it was a statement with
regrard to assessable property wat it of asses
sable prcjjerty owned by defendant on the first
Unr. of March of this year or at some time
pre\j~*j to that date? The subpena uses the
language "now on file in my office": but when
was ii filed? Was it on the first Monday of
March. l&», or on March 20, 1900 (the date of
the subper.a). cr at tome time between those
dates, cr was it filed prior to the first Monday
of March. 1K«?
In aa analagous case In principle (ex parts
Jaynes, 70 Cal.) t£ere was more deflnitenesa
than ln this caee. There particular persons, a%
also a specific period, were mentioned; here
there is nothing definite or epeciflc in regard to
books or paters or person* or dates. The A«
eeesor has the undoubted right under the law to
require a person to present a statement to him
cf the property owne-1 by ruch person on the
Cret Monday in March cf each year, and if he
believes euch statement to be false or inac
curate ln any particular he may bring such
party before him fcr the purpose of examining
him in regard to such statement; cr the As
e*ssor may require any other person to appear
and b« examined relative to his knowledge of
euch a person's statement and to tell If he has
property ln his possession belonging to euch
person, specifying him; and if his books show
that at a particular time mentioned and defi
nitely stated he had in his possession property
belonging to such other specified and designated
perscn, possibly command him to brir.g specified
end designate 1 bocks: but the Assessor car.not
by a general order. Indefinite as to books, pa
pers. r>«rfor.s or time, command one rerson to
examine books or papers ur.der his control to
ascertain if other persons not mentioned had ga
eome indefinite time stored property, whether
assessable cr not. with him, or command him to
obey an order of the character presented here.
C*n it be eaid that a pereon has refused to
testify concerning a matter on which he has
never been examined or questioned?
Whatever ether powers the Aesessor may have
for the purpose of enforcing the penalty pro
vided by secticn 3C22, he has only the powers
granted therein, and he can enforce them only
in the manner and to the extent provided
therein. For these reasons I think the motion
of the defendant should prevail. Let Judgment
fcr defendant be prepared accordingly.
J. E. BARRY,
Justice of the Peace.
Tears apo the word "idiot" meant sim
ply a private person as distinguished from
a public official. A "clown" was only a
farmer.
Writ of Mandate- Granted F. Patek,
Conmelling Auditor to Sign I>e
mands Payable From This
Reserve,
Judge Seawell has decided that the sum
of $125,000 set aside for the purpose of buy
ing land to form the proposed St. Mary's
Park Is really a part of the general fund,
and as such can be drawn upon by any
one having claims against the city.
The decision was rendered in the suit of
Frederick Patek against the city for a
meat bill of $73. There was no money in
the general fund except the $125,000 set
aside to buy the land for the proposed
park, but Patek claimed that thi3 wa3
part of the general fund and so liable to
his claim. He rought a writ of mandate
compelling the Auditor to sign his demand
so it could be paid from this money, and
the court has granted his writ. Following !
is Judge Seawell's decision: • j
Section 3714 of the Political Code, ¦which baa i
been cited here, provides that the Board of !
Supervisors of each county must on the third j
Monday cf . September fijt the rate of county j
taxes, designating the number of cents ln each
one hundred dollars of property levied for each
fund, and must levy the State and county
taxes upon the taxable property of the county, j
Ily order .No. 216. which was adopted on the j
liih of September, l&Si, providing revenue far j
municipal purposes for the £s;ai year ending i
June 30. 1900, a tax was l«led for city and :
county purix>st9 on all property, both real and
personal, in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, except such property as Is by law ex- !
empt from taxation, the sum of $1,029 on each
cne hundred dollars valuation of said taxable
¦ property upon the assessment books of said '
fiscal year. I quote from the order levying
taxes: "The sum of f 1.029 on each one hundred
dollars valuation as atoresaid Is hereby ap
' portioned to the funds and accounts known
and designated as follows." And then there
is a list of the various funds and the amount
| apportioned to each. To the general fund was
I apportioned .€7 dollars and a fraction. It la
| claimed that in that general fund, although
tbere is mention of it in the order levying
the tax, that the Board of Supervisors really
levied a tax of some small sum, enough to
raise J12i.0w> for the acquisition of the prop
erty known as St. Mary's Square.
V.'hatever may have been the Intention of
the Board of Supervisors I can only look to
the order as thty passed It to indicate the
funds to which they apportioned the amount
of thos taxes. I find that there is no money
I set apart in that order for the acquisition of
St. Mary's Park. There is no mention any
where In It that there 13 levied a tax for the
acquisition of that park. It is simply gen
erally a tax of one dollar and a fraction on
each one hundred dollars valuation of the tax
able property in the city and that one dollar
is distributed among several funds, among
which is de general fund, and in which there
is now over $300,000 If the JU'5,000 which it is
claimed was intended for the acquisition of
St. Mary's Park is to be considered a part
of the general fund.
The only evidence before me aa to any in
tended separation of the general fund into
verious items of expenditure is contained ln
order No. 217, which was passed after the
order levying the tax. That order Is of a
negative character. It says simply that th-s
various departments are limited, they shall
not spend mere than this sum in the first
fix months and another sum ln the last six
months: that there shall not be expended more
than 1125.000 fcr St. Mary's Park during the
first six months and that there shall be noth
ing expended for that in the last six months
of the fiscal year. There is no attempt here
| to levy a tax, nothing in this supple-mental
order which affirmatively declares that the
tax was levied for that purpose. It merely
restricts the proper department of the muni
cipality from expending more than $125,000 ln
the rirst six months for the purchase of that
park. There is no affirmative grant o£ power
ln anybody to expend that, but it presup
poses evidently that there was some valid au
thority for the expenditure of that money. But
certainly in the order levying the tax It no
where appears that the tax was levied for
I the purpose of acquiring that park. There is
i no mention of it anywhere. There is mention
I of eo much for the general fund and the law
I declares that the demand for money now be
fore the court shall bo paid out of the general
fund, eo Ions as there is money there to pay
it with.
I do not think it necessary at all to consider j
these other questions ln reference to the act
of. 1SS0, or the effect of the charter. I am;
clearly of opinion that this $125, COO is a part !
of the general fund, ar.d is applicable to the i
payment of all demands payable out of that I
fund.
In reference to the question as to whether |
there should be an Intervention here the pro- i
posed Intervenor is simply a taxpayer, aa I j
understand it. and has no greater, interest in |
the controversy than any other citizen. There '
is no claim here that the officer is shirking •
his duty. In fact the only suggestion made j
Is that he may not appeal from the decision, j
I do not consider that a sufficient bails upon J
which to authorize an intervention of this ;
kind, and evpn If there was such an inter- ,
vention It would not prevent the Auditor from i
auditing the amount if he chose. An appeal
by the Intervenor would not have any effect j
upon the volition of the Auditor. My decision, ,
of course, Is not that of a court of final re- \
Bort. He may or may not be satisfied w!th j
my opinion. But I do not think 1 would be !
JustilicU. so long as he is here in the per
formance of his duty representing the munici
pality, being the proper officer and particularly
where he has allowed counsel to appear In the
Interest of the parties who resist the claim
of the applicant here, I do not think I would
be justified ln authorizing an intervention, j
which is not at all necessary, because if the i
lntervi-nor thinks that this claim should be
resisted he has the opportunity of bringing
an action and can enjoin the Treasurer from
paying the amount ln case the Auditor should
allow It and ur»on such a suit aa that of ,
course he would have to give a bond. But in j
a small amount of this kind, involving only j
seventy-four or- seventy-five dollars, I think it i
would be an abuse of discretion on my part j
If I Khould allow the unnecessary intrusion of j
a mere citizen who has no other interest than j
any other citizen or taxpayer in the matter. ;
I therefore deny the application for inter- ¦
venticn and the writ will be made peremptory. ;
There are claims against the city that !
amount in the aggregate to much more ]
than the amount of the St. Mary's Park ¦
fund, and ur.der the decision of Judge Sea- i
well they can all be paid out of that $125,- |
GOO. Should the Supreme Court uphold
his decision the fund will be wiped out j
within a few days.
The denial of the Intervenor, Christian '
Rets, makes it very possible that there j
will be no appeal from the decision of !
Judge Seawell. It was announced to the |
court that the principal idea of the Inter-;
vention was that should the Auditor not
appeal the intervenor could do so, but the")
decision bars this, and if the Auditor )
should not appeal there will he no further
proceedings and Judge Seawell's decision
will stand.
\V. A. Rix represented the plaintiff in
the action and he had opposed to him
Harry Cresweli. Garret McEnerney, Lloyd
& Wood and others.
Judge Seawell Declares That
It Is a Part of the
General Fund.
ST. MARY'S PARK
SUM AVAILABLE
FOR ALL BILLS
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
19
DON'T WORRY
DURING THIS MONTH
I offer you my best grade,
strongest power $40 Belt for
$iW ffif\ and no balance
I 1 I jj 1 I t0 P a^ w^ en
IUIUU cured! I guar-
antee this on a $10,000 bond to
be the genuine Sanden U. S.
patented Belt. I made no con-
tract to sell them at the regular
high prices. Rosy-hued promises
of irresponsible people cut no
figure with the man who wants
a remedy that will cure him. Call
on me and I will soon put you on
the right track as to your condi-
tion, or write for my free book,
"Three Gasses of Men." pdd-«$
DR. S. S. HALL,
TOO MARKET 3TRCI7,
SAX FBAHC1SCO.
gsaffh E3£§_ §512?
Wwk Ilk 0$
if E i n % I '
RAILWAY'S BJiADl* KKLlt.*' ha* nood
iT.riiaW before the public for 50 years aa a
Pala Remedy. It Instantly relieves anU qulckJy
cures all Colds. Sora Threats. Influenza. Bron-
ehitU. Pneumonia. Kiieumatisrn, Neuralgia.
Hcailacbe, Toothache and all palas. Iaterr__iv
for 1£&1__ aa4 _1 Bov«l PaiOM. _U ir-ini***.
:f? *] IJ* m jf^± Cures all discolorations of the skin, the most obstinate of which are freckles •*•
u/ / H * n m £1 r anc^ mot^ or '' ver P atc h«s. Ordinary tan and tan of long standing, caused 'W
%i# y E tfs~\. tf ff _ [3 tf^/^\f^i ff^ntk y exposure to sun and wind, are easily removed. It renews the clear, trans- \hf
%\ M yJf M C-^f vJ B X^J^LMmM J ea<^ what women say \ about Anita Cream. W f
r J Thousands of similar testimonials are on file" in our JjL
i* office. They prove that Anita Cream does what is claimed for it, and when it has been once tried, its use is vjj
a; continued w'hen necessary.
¦»• w»i!» I »-«'ar Lo* A-^e'es !n Ju!y yeu t«ve PIe»s« f.zt enclose! 50 cer.ti In sUirp*. Send After spending six weeks «t tte beach I was Wllfyou kindly sen! me by express one-half' »1^
\U hnx o' >r!ta CrV*-i 'o trv I fisi It very tr.e * rox of your Arita Crum. We have about advised to use your Anita Cream to remove the doren toxes of Anita Cream. Enclosed yoj will \St
¦I- We \ \Vi*i\]n-. ih--<!v in'orm tee of the price. exha*.?s!ei, the supplv we troueht with us from tan. I came hast the same day and so did not find money order for same. It was recommended \k'j
\ti t . ¦ .TtVmrW/i rK-v-h»n»T H rv con»:ex!cB Los Anre'es »cd find we canr.ot do without it. use It until I reach? 1 home. All my friends who to me by a lady from California and have besn IS/
W Mvjrv.jJ ne.uea .^e cna^e m i . l^ Sir.certly yours. MISS EULA GILBERT, taw tr.e the first week here said. "How black you using it over a year and nni it the best cream I ;>>
\il * n " vl 1 £ re » k~ow »t vour'eaWit. South .McAllister, loduo Territory. March are." In ten days the same people remarked how have ever used for the complexion. Will be w
x«r at.2«i ,. t< -i£ t t>'ris. cvi'FBfi ¦ -> H lltb St. 2K.1S32. white and lovelv was my complexion. I feel that pleased to have you send the cream at ones, as I v'AV
lit " "1 r i <_rV '^"1^* , I cannot do without It. I send vou amount for am entirely out of It. MRS. W. L SMITH. 13/
VU C*k^r.d. Ca..bept....J-^. -.'V v- two more boxes. I have not had a pimple on mv East Las Vegas. New Mexico. July 20. 1S39. \X
Ut I write to yon unsolicited about Arlu Crew. f«e since usinjr it. and betore 1 was troubled ail If/
¦tf /I'trrcsirr yocr Aniu Cream when 1 was In When I frst used Aniu Cream my face was not 1he tmt YoJrs truly. MISS FANNIE ~ . .
\|/ a»liiAiV«'. h-ve found nothlnr equal to unlike c g£**L\* "***!£'] COLLINS. Edjr^ton. Kan.. Jan. 1. 1800. «, neV er have found anything else that would "•
-I- It. When 1 left I ihoucht I had a g^od supply. *****>*- ii'-iSSr -nd fa! b >U?t^hai under- **** o ff f «ckles so thorou 2 h:y> , xki
itS tut fni it has been lost somewhere. Have been was e*tt!n ? yotrrer and that my .*ce had under- 15/
*** 1 1 J. »*.. i >!?«* CdiM and fnunj ro'hinc like r"r>e sosie Karvelou* change. I did not ull him •»•
i'i f m^ u C ; M M«i « w tox« ! of !he wirrfA M? i«l effect wroujht ty my 1 am de!l e hted with your Aniu Cream. Please , W
\J It. * l ' l^ cu ,^"" rf Ht7f°n'hO(iii and ith-ee Ian of Anita Cream, preferrinr to tell you. send two more boxes and oblipe. vours respect- "I have tried everything I know of to remove •»•
¦y Cream mt.1 _ two r^pc.iF NELSON M»*. W. F. RYAN. 1S4 Franklin S& fully. LOUISE E. WINTERBIJRN. 1617 Gough freckles, but nothine did It until I used Aniu \$/
W Ct i5/; er^L^ V- Octl6. 9 M; Green PolBt.Lo«r.l»J«nd. July 13. 1S39. St. Saa Fr«cisco. Dec. 3. ISM. Cream." V
JE CDCC C A M PI F If vou cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist, send 50c to us for a full size jar. Further particulars a'nd ' instructions together with a \£
"f 1 IIVLL oArllLL | lb^ ra | S3 mp! e will be mailed to any address for a 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM & TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o«ooeoooeboeeeeoooQeeoo«09«eoooeeooeeoe«Q9eeo
O -•;;;> 9
O O
O * O
S ...Monday, June 18, and Following Days..* S
0 o
I Foulard Silks. |
_, Superior quality, har.dsoaie desigms. 13C0 sprir.y patterns: no old dMSffra; choica col- A
~j orlngs. All of- our desirable S5c Foulards. 24 Inches wide, ca special sale *f
| At 60c per Yard g
g Fancy Ribbons. g
© Choice styles. *H silk fancy Striped Ribbons, this season's designs, of excellent qnaj- O
O Ity. 3 : 2 to 4 inches wide; corded and hemstitched effects; last week's prices &c and 40c. Q
§ Special Sale 25c per Yard §
1 Kid Gloves. |
9 Ladies' "Columbia" !-clasp Kid GloTes. admittedly the best Glove ar.4 the only maie O
Q that Elves perfect satisfaction. Full assortment just recelve-1. Q
1 At Sl-00 Pair g
O / misses' Columbia 85c F*alr ©
S Fancy Yokin^s S
** And all-over Laces, Tucklngs, Rufflin^s. CortJInss. Appl!que, etc. ; white, cream. J®
€? black and colors: novelty styles; ranging ln price from w
2 50c to S10.00 per Yard S
f KOKLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, !
q 1O7-1O9 POST STREET. §
© 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. O
O O
eooo»oooeeoo®eeoooeoooo»oeoooeo»oooQoooecoooo
\ our list of shoppers
Crockery "<Glassware. ¦ Perfumery.
Are you acquainted with the If you are an old customer of
merits of our new white meteor semi- ours you will know what a satis-
porcelain? If not we believe you tactory perfumery stock we carry,
will be very much taken with it If you don't happen to be well ac-
Come around and examine it In quainted with us please let us
sets or open stock. show it to you
Royal Blue Dinner Sets, imperial 5 _ ounce ca><e of fioati s
comb.nat.on. 100 > P'eces. reduced wi| , , ather in either salt or freth
this week from $13 8o to. .510.00 water |Oc cake> or 3 for 2 - c
Thin-blown banded V/ater or
Lemonade Glasses, set of 6 25c We have a new Face Powder
7-Piece Glass Berry Sets. .25c that we aro J ust >foduan g , equal
_ ..... to the best made, to introduce
Twenty new styles of imitation it 2 Q C per box
art-glass Berry Sets 65c ................ y-
Restaurant, hotel and bar sup- A line of Fanc % So . aps , at - .im-
plies of every description at the 3 cakes for 2oC
lowest prices. Atomizers this week at half price.
liN ATHLETIC e are e rec °g n ' zec^ headquarters. We would be
fnnn^ • • ver^ 2 lac^ to show you an unsurpassed line of Bathing
UUUlio I I I I Suits, Tights, Trunks, Supporters, Baseball Goods,
Gymnasium Outfits, Fishing Tackle and anything used in outdoor sports.
G=5
V__ gj)
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders rilled Promptly.
. • HOUSE FXTBNISHHTGS.
it "T* • : A ?¦
CATALOGUES. WHOLESALE. The Largest Furniture and Carpet House in the West RETAIL. Mill OrJers re-
_— -— _. ceiva prompt at-
i ence. Separate ca*- ¦ • p i p * •*
- uesonapriia Block: 16th Street, from Mission to Capp. |&r 3
1 - — +" : *<?
— : .«^.;a — "Z *" *"~ : *"? : "*"
c^ssaiff_^^_ste& PattosiBn s Bargains Arfi thfi Talk of the Town, d^^roo*
any. of rich coUrinsani tana rJboed^i'ih UllUUIUll O UUIgUIIIU IIIU IIIU I U I It Ul IIIU lUlllll TAIILK of very popular and desirable de-
!>res*-er. Tcllet Table Chair a-d Kocker' all sisrn; heavy turned legs in quarter-sawed
to«KSS^_J^/5^SSa^_l^ I You err completely if you judge Pattosien's qualities by Patto- Sfi r'eVS^hlS o^ed*' s a h!y^ cll^ :
a f, <1 ,r Unc n cr - s - ith character- sien's prices. Don't permit our rates to mislead you concerning the !^ : ?^V?i_?£_^S c#1 °
to hS&«_L < 2g i^fs £*«_/3g*_5 character of this Furniture. Whether you seek novelties or standard a^^aXeUull^^^vel^o^reT'-ith
SgjS^SS^£_^^_fJ«*_J g. f yles-you'll find h € re at right prices, smart, correct, exclusive F^rni- Jgj _£#£££ iLt^tS^dTd^ *£
'! ch assortment comprise* many ture. We cordially urge you to indulge in a thorough personal Study backs, cords and praps are ACk C\{\
5S SulU " lcw 14.00 of materials, workmanship and finish. \ ,, ,
: « »»V/v/ • e MDRHOARuS of exceptionally ele.irant
I^rre. comfortable ROCKER extra t-ze »— " and desirable designs in selected polden
_jer 2 f*« ln height and corrWpo-iinViy We pay freight to your nearest railroad station •within 100 miles * oak . with cashed finish, linen and silver
r^^rjfWo^^-^leS 1^'^ from San Francisco all purchases of ?25.00 and over. Goods safely S_^^^^l«t^rr^^_3'
' tar— un; fcr this week only l l 4O packed at OUR EXPENSE. ' ' Inches). Is 4 feet S Inches, base 22x42
White enamelled irrn nrn ~t , ... . . ,. , ... Inches: very excellent for dining room of
<Ie*irab!e des^a c^-nw w. f , h ne^ f *,?,* All goods delivered With OUr own teams and Set Up On premise3 apartment or small house; Q-; -;f|j
in Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley, San I^andro and Haywards. ?EgS»_KSod«5^^S^
: feet € laches and i fe«t tlzes 'at" O«v>(J ~ ~~ ~~~~ : " * and Popular design, in excellent frold?n oak
I)RCS«FR r' i-»— ¦ ?' m ¦*— * +— — — ?- finish, well made, highly polished, display
V-^V^^M^iM^Si Carpet Department, Upholstery Department ffi£ &™?Vi SVu^lk ffi
rE.rve.1: larte beveled plate" rclrror. ¦ Many attractive novelties of pronounced Rl'KFLED MISLIX CUIITAIXS, 3 f °HALL"sFVr'Tn "English" oak rich ln
&Vi W tW ° En:aUer II. RlJ ««Uen~ for the auamer home. WASH- ££*• »«« '¦ ' ««-r value |i 10; Og c <&%£ fxcellent " In Workmanship 0 h an"
nnn.nvTi'm'; ¦¦•W AnLE RUGS AXD CARPBTIXG, IirFFLCD NET riRT \i\H if~^n finish, hand rubbed polish, caned panel
r^^J^^T^g?: COOL MATTZXOS. every desirable floor f^g _^?^|^^ W.^AT
ishe-4. hand r-ub*i«"i r-n"*^- /"i-i«-^-c ™-i»*. riuui^ UAiirt. i s, tne new ana ele pr*tt> njral and real lace ef- .. ' . * _-^ j< ...y.. _» r \.~ #„-,. i. _# .
_S2 SS^SSRgjfj * BP< - 25.00 ?£% SSSSSr&i^: 4Sc p uVr^'misH poixt lace Tc?A: *. top rod. « s«_j t «5~
!sh; rram* of «c:id oak. hand rablMd polteh. OILCLOTH REMNANTS ln enormous «" n£ roi'en T cor£>?ete «ad? to hSSr
beaded finish at tase. carved Rppotta. variety, all the best patterns and qualities. ££."_. va ki'e to? ««_ %% O _r j i.
heai 7 f«t; iprlBC seat, upholstered, all to dose out at lowest prices ever quoted cial S5C "? 7^ '" *"
1 at per square yard.... |- ' DOTTKD AND FIGiTiED CURTAIN Baby Carriages,
lach-.:...r.. :::/.. . ..: ..4b.5O ManV -chiice tes^s^ci^ei la the lot fso VI pefvird eBUlar V<UU9 IOC A very exten.ive variety of this .ebon's
«,l. lK^? SI1 C °, CC ? of VK I ! i c ? aIlr de - SAVONNERIES. rich ln col- 1 QA Shades made W order 'at "the" shortest latest novelties In BABV CARRIAGES
ei— : ar.d in verj- durab.e n-.aterial. good up- oiir.g and of eleeant effect at 1»OU notice. Prices the lowest. and GO-CARTS. Many very elaborate
bo— tery. covered ta f.r^rei ve- f» TCT ivuivcTPRii ' a cr\ • j. l j-i h styles Included in the assortment, with the
lo«r. fnrxe at tese. rol! head... O. I O .^^i"^*!^ _f d ' >,",2h-f ™'t 1.10 t DUy Utltll }'0U See these newest frames, upholstery parasols, etc. ;
LADIES' DESKS er very neat a=d de- „ ' /T. ! 0In * ar " d fleslrab 'e. &« ¦ • I Vf f U,r~~i~* rubber tired or steel wheels, easy springs
elrab'.s d*s:— ;. r.!ce!jr rx)i;«he<3 ; ocnplete ia- HEA\ \ VELVETS of eu- f t\f\ OuTgufflS. ar.d perfect workmanship anil finish ln every
terier. caj-ied :!4. very well made la per b designs 1»\J\J * a. detail. NotwithBtandinK the fact that all
eiery panScuIar: excellent value f» —r\ GXTRA PRO-BRC^^ELS oa "? ¦ — -?¦ 8Uch s 0035 have advanced In price, we are
tot O.OU at ..."...' 80C twiner Msirhi'npc ab!e t0 ofrer r ,?,V h ,f same i ow .vE rtc , es and
¦* — H « Ivrn . 1V( . iJiaCilllincS, pood values which have made this depart-
I " UKA " S ' "' Wocl 65C «* «-nent makes, all the most desirable J?ent famous Prices on Baby g AA
I O T -R LO^KTICV LOtV RENT AND IM »ht' sor'inpe styles and with all the latest Improvements. Carriages be*!n at........ *J»W
vr' N cr pvorHAilNG POWFP FVABI F m Ti S *»*; -^ RES ln enonDM ' variety; A full assortment of first-class machine* of Prices on GO-CARTS begin | -r/-|
, ¦"T^oUWn'n L ALL COMPFT r~OP* y grades, styles and e'ses; very suitable various grades and sizes. Lowest prices at I.iU
iATLF^™ PERCENT rcr summer furr.ishlns; prices OO= ar.d guaranteed ln every In- OS ft H SEND FX)R LA.ROE ILLUSTRATED
. ... . .j i ik t^i. j begin at.... -i-O stance $17.00. $20.00 and Z OiUU BABT CARRIAGE CATALOGUE.
*?- ' ? ? ¥ + ?¦Geological Department Will
Send Party to Inquire
and Report.
GOVERNMENT TO
EXAMINE STATE
FOR PETROLEUM
Summerland Has Tanks Full of Oil
and Is Seeking a Way to Mar
ket Its Product to Best
Advantage.
The use of fuel oil has been demon
strated-to be a success on the new British
steamship Assyrian. First the steamer
was run on coal fuel for speed. Then oil
was tried and the speed was nearly a
knot more than when the Scotch coal was
in the furnaces. \ Tho revolutions were
seven to eight more per minute and the
horse-power 200 more than during- the coal
trials, while the steam pressure of ISO
pounds was obtained with ease, notwith
standing that all the auxiliary machinery
was running the whole time. These facts
tfre given by the Railway and Engineer-
Ing Review, which adds that the con
sumption of oil at the trial was found to
be 2o per cent less per horse-power than
the consumption of coal. All indications
favor the belief that the consumption of
fuel oil will be largely augmented in a
variety of ways. When the oil is uni-
The coming fall will probahly mark the
beginning of a governmental examination
of the petroleum fields of California. Tho
fact has previously been published that
George H. Eldridge, one of the geologists
employed in the Geological Survey, has
completed an examination of the asphajt
districts. Director Charles! D. Walcott has
lately promised Congressman Waters
that, if possible, a party will be put Into
the field soon under the direction of Mr.
Eldridge to look into the petroleum de
posits. y
SAN DIEGO, June 16.— News came to
day that at Potrero, a place some distance
4n the , interior, the six-year-old child of
Charles Pergau, a rancher, was bitten by
a rattlesnake and died a few hours after
ward.
Postmaster for Arlington.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The President
has appointed R. H. Robison Postmaster
of Arlington, Or.
Bitten by a Battler.
. PITTSBURG, June 16.— Five persons
were painfully Injured and fifteen or
twenty others were more or less hurt by
the wreck of a Carnegie accommodation
on the Panhandle Railroad this morning.
The accident was caused by a landslide
from Mount Washington, over 100 tons
of rock and earth toppling over on the
train.
Landslide Causes a Wreck.
CHICAGO, June 16.— The United States
Circuit Court of Appeals to-day announced
a decision affirming a decision of Judge
Kohlsaat upholding the claims of the
Manhattan Brewing Company for $5000,
the amount of a 7hi per cent discount on
stamps purchased a few hours before the
Dinglcy act went into effect. There are
hundreds of similar cases throughout the
country, and the case was regarded as of
great importance to the Government. An
appeal will be made to the Supreme Court
as a test case.
Discount on War Stamps.
Town send.
PORT TOWNSEND, June 16.— A disas
trous fire occurred this morning* burning
an entire block of frame business houses
on Lawrence street, entailing a loss of
about $40,000.
The insurance on the buildings will not
exceed 53000, while the insurance on the
stock is much smaller.
BLOCK OF BUILDINGS BURNED.
Forty Thousand Dollar Fire in Port
Military Party Supporting Mora for
Mayor of Havana.
HAVANA, June 16.— The municipal elec
tions commenced at 6 o'clock this morn-
Ing The voting for the first three hours
was fairly brisk. No trouble is expected,
but the police arrangements for preserv
ing order at the booths are complete. The
military party, headed by General Maximo
Gomez. Is supporting the Mayoral candi
dacy of Estrade Mora, while the Nation
alist candidate Is Alejandro Rodriguez.
CUBAN ELECTIONS.
Says Senate Amendment 15 Was
Never Certified to His Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 16.— Much com
ment has been made concerning the ab
sence of Senate constitutional amendment
No. 13, authorizing San Francisco to pay
certain outstanding bills from the statute3
and amendments to the codes, as issued
by the State Printing Office. Because of
Fuch omission San Francisco cannot gain
tho sought-for authority, and there has
boon a general roar from those who hold
the claims, which are Bald to reach
nearly $250,000. . „ . .
In response to the statement published
in a San Francisco paper that the omis
sion was Ms fault. State Printer Johnston
d<tlares that the amendment in question
was never certified to his ofnee, as the law
requires, and furthermore that as the As
sembly amendments to amendment No.- 15
were never concurred In by the Senate the
amendment was in consequence never
adopted.
JOHNSTON'S DEFENSE.
a charitable Institution maintained by the
Citizens. Four children were burned to
death. The building was a large wooden
structure and burned like tinder. There
were forty children in the building, and all
but four were brought out in safety, most
of them with scarcely a stitch of cloth-
Ing on. . ,
The four little ones were found in one
of the upstairs rooms, burned to an un
recognizable condition. Thus far the man
agement of the home has been unable to
Identify the dead.
Arise Early To-Morro-w.
Ladies' kid ties for only 40c a pair will
be sold to-morrow at the Bee Hive Shoe
Co., 717 Market street. . •
versally used for cooking purposes the
problem will surely be solved.
A new oil Held is developing west of
Los Angeles. On and near the Brea
ranch several wells have been drilled,
which produce oil at moderate depths, ami
now, farther out, on the Durfy ranch, a
mile northwest of Sherman, oil has been
found seeping from the ground In several
places. The ranch of 220 acres has been
bonded for twenty years and a company
has been incorporated by Los Angeles
and Santa Ana men with a capital of $400,
000, which will at once commence sinking
a well in the foothills above the seepage.
Los Angeles oilmen have begun to pay
attention to various parts of Santa Bar
bara County. B. H. Dyer has taken up a
strip on the beach near Miramar, between
what are known as the Illinois and Cham
pion claims. G. L. Daube of Chicago,
who Is interested in several oil proposi
tions near Los Angeles, has also been
quietly investigating in Santa Barbara.
While prospectors were recently search-
Ing for indications of oil in San Diego
County they discovered a deposit of bi
tuminous rock near tho ocean side of
Point Loma. The extent of the deposit,
will need investigation. Claims have been
tiled. The oil exploiters are busy in San
Diego County. The Escondido Oil and De
velopment Company has leased large
tracts near Escondido and Enclnitas. One
filing has taken in 10.5G0 feet of the bay
front south of Twenty-second street, San
Diego. A 40-acre claim has, according to
the San Diego Union, been tiled on the
Pacific Ocean. Two IGO-acre claims have
been filed in the Carriso Creek country on
the desert. In these last named W. W.
Bowers is one of the parties interested.
The Daily Oil News, published in Los
Angeles, says that crude petroleum can
be largely utilized to produce gas and
that petroleum has been found to be ex
ceedingly well adapted to the manufac
ture oi gas and a very large proportion
of the Coalinga oil is so utilized.
For fuel purposes in factories and on
all manner of engines the heavier oils are
considered the best, but for the manufac
ture of gas the more volatile the better is
the oil, and the lighter grades, such as
are produced at Coalinga. Fullerton and
some other localities, constantly increas
ing in vdlume. may yet prove to be the
housewife's delight.
Boring for oil is proceeding in many new
places. Charles H. Polley of Hueneme,
ventora County, is working on the desert
at Salt Wells station. San Bernardino
County, near Johannesburg. The directors
of the Tehama County Oil Company have
contracted with John Ferguson of Stock
ton to sink a well near Red Bluff, using
a. rig that has been employed In boring
for water in Sonoma County. Six oil
claims have just been located in the Little
Cow district, in Shasta County.
The Santa Barbara Press says:
At the present time things are a little dull
In the Summerland oil fields. The cause is the
lack of a market. Formerly the Southern Pa
ciflc and the Oxnard Sugar Company were the
Marion Lawrence of Toledo, Ohio,
the general secretary of the In
ternational Association and a prom
inent Congregationalism Rev. Alexan
der Kenry, a Presbyterian divine of
Philadelphia and chairman of the Phil
adelphia Sunday-school Association; Rev.
E. S. Lewis of Columbus, Ohio, a leading
Methodist pastor and for years at the
head of Ohio Sunday-school Association;
Robert T. Bonsall. a Baptist Sunday
school teacher of Cincinnati: and Profes
sor K. O. Excell, a famous singer of Chi
cago, who will conduct the music of the
convention.
The convention will be called to order
by Rev. Eli Fisher on Tuesday evening,
June 19. ¦ Wednesday and Thursday will
be given over to general Sunday-school
work. There will be denominational con-
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
SAX JOSE, June 16.— The thirty
third annual convention of the
Northern California Sunday-school
Association, which meets here from
June 19 to 22. is attracting
tho attention of all church and
Sabbath -school workers of the State.
This will be tfie most important
session of the association ever held,
and the attendance will reach 2000.
There are 1100 schools in the association,
with a membership of over 90,fXX). Added
interest is given the convention because
of the presence of five prominent in
ternational Sunday-school workers now
tourins the Northwest. They are:
ferences Friday forenoon, led by the na
tional representatives of each denomina
tion,- and the afternoon will be devoted to
a trip to Lick Observatory and drive
about the country.
Special rates have been given on the
railroad, and people from all over the
State have notified General Secretary
Earl S. Binpham of their intention to at
tend. The reception committee is hard at
work preparing to receive the delegates,
who will be pleasingly entertained during
their visit.
This convention will prove a stimulus to
Sunday-school work in this State, as steps
are to bo taken to put a number of work
ers and ortranlzers In the Held to assist
Secretary BinRham, who has made good
progress during the past two years In
his work among the Sunday-schools.
Men Who Will Participate In the Sunday School Convention at San Jose.
Transit Company Refuses to Accept
the Compromise Qffered by
the Men.
FT. LOUIS. June 16.-War to the knife
was the slogan adopted by the strikers
pf the St. Ivouis Transit Company to-day,
ri'.i? extreme action was decided upon
."hip afternoon when the proposition adopt
td by the striking street car men yestcr
lay. looking tc a settlement of the strike,
R-as turned down by the transit company.
Samuel (Jompers. president of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor, announced this
iftr-rnoon that the terms proposed by the
anion had been refused.
This announcement was made at the
roncluslon of a conference by Mr. Goap.
5-rts. representing- the union, and Presi-
Jent Edward S. Whittaker and Director
". D. UcClure, representing the Transit
Company.
Sir. Whittaker said at the conclusion of
the conference that he had no statement
:o make.
The union force? now propose to fight
{he battle to a finish, and their trusted
weapon will be the boycott. Their lead
irs are declaring- to-night that every per
lon. every business man, everv ap'soeia
tion. every corporation that patronize*
sr favors the Transit Company in any
ray will be boycotted.
FOUR CHILDREN LOSE
THIER LIVES IN A FIRE
Burning of the Home for Friendless
Children at Leadville,
Colorado.
LTTADVILLE. June 16.— Fire to-day de
itroyed the Home for Friendless Children,
NEW TIME TABLE OF
THE SANTA FE ROAD
First Through Trains "Will I/eave San j
Francisco and Chicago on '
July 1.
Special rHepsich to Tte Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 16.— At the head
quarters of the Santa Ke the official an
nouncement was made to-day that all de
tails for operating the train service Into
Ban Francisco have been completed. It
has been decided to run simultaneously
the first trains cast to Chicago and west
to San Francisco July 1. This train wiil
romprise the overlar.d r.nd for the present
a single train each way will half way
crnss the continent. A local passenger
train on the same date also will be run
Into San Francisco from Bakerstield and
from Stockton.
The new service will necessitate changes
In the time in the overland in and out of
Los Angeles. This train daily will leave
for San Francisco at & a. m. and will ar
rive in that city at 6 p. m. The Los Ange
les train will leave at S p. m. and will ar
rive here at 7 a. m. The limited will not
again go into service until about Septem
ber 1. The new ferry steamer San Pablo j
will by that time l>e in commission, hence j
the delay }n placing the limited on the
road. The local train will leave Bakers
field daily at about 9 p. m. and depart
Tmm San Francisco at the same time. The
train will leave Stockton daily at S
a. m. and leave San Francisco for Stock
ton at 4 n. tn. : I
ST. LOUIS STRIKERS
WILL FIGHT TO THE END
Special Cable to The Call and New Tort
Herald. Copyright. 1*00. fcy the Herald
I'utniJ-h'.nc Company. '
TRIESTE. June 16.— In an Interview |
published in the Piccolo given by Count
Rudolph Fcstetics on landing, he denied i
the charge made against him by his wife
In the divorce proceedings now pending of
having- abandoned her at a hotel in Sin
gapore.
He declares that she herself Insisted
upon stopping at Singapore in order to
return to America.
Count Ruaolpa Fesietics Is busy with
nauricaJ studies in Trieste as he Intends
to obtain a master's certificate and com-
Gjarid his own yacht on another cruise.
Countess Rudolph Festetlcs, daughter of
Louie T. Hag-gin of New York and San
Krauicisco, riled papers in San Francisco
on May 17 last In a suit for divorce on the
srrouiid of desertion and tallure to pro
vide.
She stated that the Count compelled her,
ag-ainst her will, to live on his yacht, the
Tolna, and en April 23, 1S&3, left her with
out funds at Singapore, when sh« refused
to accompany him further on his voyage.
They were married on February 2L 1892. -
Continuing the cruise on which he and
his wife parted company. Count Rudolph
was wrecked on Mlnlcor Island, 300 miles
southeast of the Indian peninsula, and
was there for two months, until picked
up by a tramp steamer, which landed j
him at Buez on April 24 last. :
Certificate.
Count Is ITow Busy "With Nautical
Studies at Trieste and Intends
to Obtain a Master's
Says That She Willfully
Left Him at Singa
pore.
FESTETICS
DENIES CHARGES
OF DESERTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
From the East
Added Interest Will Be Given to the Convention by
the Presence of Five Well-Known' Men
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS
TO MEET IN SAN JOSE
Saloon-Keepers Win.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SELMA, June 16.— The petition for the
closing of saloons here was refused by the
Town Trustees to-night, four voting
against and one favoring it. Both sides
were represented by attorneys. A large
number of citizens attended the meeting.
principal consumers of Summerland olL Now
the railroad people have wells of their own,
and at the Oxnard factory their storage ca
pacity Is full, and they will use no oil for
BtveraJ weeks to come. They are still taking
what their contract calls for, but no more.
So the Summerland people are looking for a
market. Most of the tanks are full, and In
some instances it has been necessary to dis
continue pumping. How long this condition
will last no one seems to be able to tell, but
it Is more than probable that some decisive
steps will be taken by the producers to relieve
the glut. The tank steamer has been sug
gested as one means to this 'end.
This provides an easy and cheap mode of
transportation, the freight to San Francisco
amounting to 15 or 10 cents per barrel. Tank
steamers have b een running Irom Ventura'for
several years, carrying- the product of the
s^anta Paula field, and recently a line was
established between San Pedro and San Fran
cisco. California's sreat metropolis will af
ford an immense and growing market for pet
roleum, as Boon as It is certain that the sup
ply may be depended upon.
The fight between the two oil exchanges
in Los Angeles is on. Some days ago an
announcement was made that the call
would begin in the Los Angeles Oil Ex->
change at 10 o'clock. Several of the bro
kers are members of both exchanges, and
they declared that the move, which was
ordered by the board of governors, was
spite work. This the board diplomatically
denied and pointed out the fact that all
the great exchanges in the world begin at
10 a. m. The by-laws give the board of
governors power to llx the time for the
call, and they have availed themselves of
that prerogative.
Some recent moves In various oilfields
are as follows: The Erie Oil Company
has purchased SSO acres of land in Ventura
County lying between the Bardsdale wells
nnd Torrey Canyon. Two pipe lines run
through the district. The Freeman & Nel
son White Oil Company has been organ
ized to develop the territory in the New
hall district, where a "white" oil is pro
duced. J. A. Patten of Los Angeles ha3
leased COO acres In the McKittrlck district.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. By a singular stroke of \good
fortune and SPOT CASH I
have been enabled to pur-
chase" $3000 worth of
... AT.. .
HALF PRtCE!
The Sale of these Corsets will commence on Monday
morning — PRICES WILL BE CUT IN TWO!
WARNER'S CORSETS ARE MADE TO FIT !
The Warner Corse's are fitted to living models
and so constructed as to give ease and comfort with
a graceful figure. The leading styles are boned with
coraline — it has no equal as a corset stiffener. Read
the prices and note the reductions.
I DR. WARNER'S CORSETS!
Sl.OO Corsets for 5Oc
$1.25 Corsets lor 75c
SI.75 Corsets for Sl.OO
$2.00 Corsets for $3.25
SI.25 Nursing Corsets for 7 So
51.50 Nursing Corsets for Sl.OO /
$2.50 Abdominal Corsets for.. ...'Si. 2 5
'About 20 dozen Isft of the GENUINE I. C WHALEBONE
FRENCH CORSETS, no blacks, regu'ar price $3.50, will be
closed out at $1.00 per pair
SILK DEPARTMENT.
25 pieces Foulard Sii 1 ', new and pretty patterns, the
85c and $1 quality, reduced to 50c a yard
CPTTDnprw 9iiand9is
. UUHIIJW, Market St.
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
WHOLESALE ADVICE
For People Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poor.
Dr. Harlandson, whose opinion In dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
man or woman comes to me complaining
of Indigestion, loss of appetite, sour stom-
ach, belching, sour vratery-rislng, head-
aches, sleeplessness, lack of ambition and
a general run-down nervous condition I
advise them to take after each meal tne
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lowing the tablets to dissolve In the
mouth, and thus mingle with the food
eaten. The result is that the food is
speedily digested before It has time to
sour and ferment. These tablets will di-
gest- the food anyway whether the stom- ;
ach wants to or not, because they contain
harmless digestive principles, vegetable
essences, pepsin and Golden Seal which
supply just what the weak stomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with great
success both In curing indigestion and to
build up tho tissues, increasing flesh in
thin, nervous patients, whose real trouble
was dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
ach was put to rights they did not know
what sickness was.
A 50-cent packape of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets can be bought at any drug store,
and as they are not a secret patent medi-
cine they can 'be used' as often as de-
sired with full assurance that they con-
tain nothing harmful In the slightest de-
gree; on the contrary, any one whose
stomach Is at all deranged will find great
benefit from the use of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets. They will cure any form of
stomach weakness or diseases except can-
cer of the stomach.
Cured
U &3£M While
ji #$|F You
S^y^gfer Sleep
CJ.rsrter.K.D.L.L.D. I fl |fS*|)Plt1Q
Pr»1 St. J»ae> A«^!»U»». Hi lW JL/ULjO.
» Gran-Solvent " dltsolrrs Stricture lifcft
iinow lt«n*uth the nun, redacr* E3T-
liAKGBD PROWT.VTE, and strength-
en* the Seminal tturtn. Mopping drains
and emission* IX »' 1 KT !¦: i: X l)A\'«i.
>o drus;s to ruin tho utomach. bnt a di-
rect local and poxltlve application to the
entire ITrethal Tract. ¦
GBAX-SOLVEXT is the wonder of the
century. Discovered by the Chemist Fabrion,
it quickly interested the g-reat Scientist and
Physician, Erdman, who developed it and pro-
claimed that marvelous action in TJrethal Ail-
ments which elecUified the world.
At an enormous expense DR. C. J. CARTER
outstripped all competitors and secured exclusive
control on the Wtitern Continent for the ST.
/AMES ASSOCIA TION.
' Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It is prepared
in the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pass the closes?
Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The venerable Dr. C. J. Carter, President of
the St. James Association, has prepared at great
expense an exhaustive illustra- ngfmiaga m
ted Treatise upon the male sys- ECfi3)i£,E_ V
tem. which the association will k BlPr *
send to any male applicant ¦ BBftsiaa ¦
St. James Ass'n, 250 Vine St., Cincinnati, Q.
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
JLiIESSHJHI !
SAN FRANCISCO AND' NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. i
Tibar*n Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
"WEEK DATS— 7:80. 9:00. 11:00 a, m.: 12:88.
8:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra- trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and 11:30 d. m.
IUNDAYS- 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a, m. : 1:30. I:SsV
6:00. 6:20 d. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCp.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:48.
8:40. E:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:66 and 8:35 v. m. -
8UNDAYS-*:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:4ft.
6:05, 8:26 p. ra.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect. I Anir*
Ban Franotsoo. (Apr. 15. 1»00.| Ban Franclsoa.
Week J Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Daym.
7:80 am 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 am 3:40 »rn
8:30 pm 9:50 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 am
6:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:M pm tM pm
-Fulton., ¦
T:30 am Windsor. 10:25 aa
Henldsburr-
Lytton. - '¦.'.'.-'.
Geyservllle.
1:80 pmf 8:00 ant Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:10 pm
7:80 am! .. I Hopland I 110:15 am
8:80 pm| 8:00 »m| and Uklah. I 7:85 pm| 8:20 pm'
• t > am - 10:26 aa
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 prn
8:30 pm . '8:29 pra
T:*o am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:16 am 8:40 am
I iand I
6:10 pm 6:00 pm| Glen Ellen. I 8:06 pm 6:10 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami I10M0 am|10:2S am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:8S pm| 8:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Jlark Went
Si rings and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla.: at I-ytton for Lytton Springs; at
Qeyservllle for Skasc* Sprints: at Cloverdal*
for (the Qej'sers; ¦ at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at TJklah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Vallsy.
John Day's, Riverside, l/erley's. Bucknell'a,
Sanhedrin Heights. - HuIlvUle. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-,
port, Usal. Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Belrs ¦ Springs. Harris, Olsen'a, ¦ XXyer, Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets - at
reduced rates.
On Sunday \ round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates)..
Ticket office*. 650 Market st.,* Chronicle bid*,
H. C. WHITING. K. X. . RTAN,
- .CcBerol tlwipneiw Ceo. Fm, Anatv.
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
nCTRKm FA«I7IO COBPUTL
(psciriu simtcm.)
Trnlas lonvo »¦••< itrr «lu« »» s»rrl»« ¦!
MAN rtUNCWl'O.
ill sin Line, toot of Market 3;re«t)
Litri — From Mat 13. 1JC0. — a»»^t»
•7:Ol>» Bcnid.v Sulaun, Elmlxa. VacafiUo.
Itun.jf; aud .ii rdiuriin. *7l4Sa>
'7:UUi ShantA KlOress— D»t1j. WillUmsCfur
Uartlett Sptiogs). WUlows. Had
Ulufl. 1'ortlauO. • »7i43»
•TiSO* Martinez. «»« l:mm)n.VaJleji>. Ns,ps>.
r»,hi. [f.L »!i.I s»:it» Koa» *«il3r
'«:««iA Davii, WooUaiid. Kni;hU Laadisf.
M»rrs»llle, <>ro»il!e »7M3f
•H:O(>« A'.Usiii'.- IIii r'«- ' '-'!<*¦' *>nd Eut *11:13«
•»::»•»* H»n .iose. LHsMSMSSV Htucktiill.
lone, HacrmMinutn. Flaerrvilie.
Mxr««*iU«. Chieu, IL—l tti-i.-r M:lSr
•<:J»i (Jaki!** 1 -. ChineM (for Yusemlts).
Suuoia, Carters. Mill*
•{1:00* !J.iy*.'.r .a Mlr» sud Waj SUtion*. •! l«4»4
•O:OWa Los Aafcles- Jlipre*»— Marlines.
Tracy, l^utliruu. htocktou. Merced
. udrnsN. ...» •«!«»»
•r»::ro» V»ll j,.. MutUivz »»<l Ws,y Stations •»:•"»»•
• IW:«il< Til- OterlsiKl Limited— Ogdoa, D*n>
ver. Omaha. i"l,ica<i *Sil3v
•11:00* Nil- a. IJvermore, Stockton, 8mtv
nit ii- Mendota. II auford. Vlsall*.
Portcr»llle MiMr
•I*:O»« lUywerils, Niles ¦u>4 Way Stations. *»»«»»
tl:»«i- a»cr&mrnto lUtar (iiaamnis t!* : <>'»A
•:t :»»>!• HaywartU. Nile-sand Way atatlom. *!>is3r
••:••<>)¦ Mititii.ox, Han lUmoii. V.llojo.
Sm<*. CWIstors, S.ii.ta Itoia •«•!!»»
•liVOr H n cm. Winter*. HacraniaMO,
Wooillaixl. K nvhts l.«i.Jl,'j.
M.rjMllL. Oro»lll» •l«»4«»
MiSllr N!!es. Mn JomanU St'Wkton *~il»»
•r»:««rlln: Owl l.iirlted— TracT, FrMuo.
linker* Held. tUusgia tui 5*iiU U*r-
baia. !•"* Aneclcs *s>l49s>
*3:OOr Fresno 1'aaseuger— Mardiirx, Lath>
rop. Stockton. Mrrce<l. Bereada
(liaymoud for Voserai»e). Kresiio.. *l3tl«V
*.1>3Or New Meant Eipress— llakersfielJ.
M»utH .'Jurliira. i.an Angeles, U«m-
lux. Ct Vno. New Orleaus aud
East •¦i**4
*3tB*r Mant» r« UiMita— A tlantlo Kxpiesa
hrMshN ana Kut *«i«l»
•li«9r HayirarOs, Niles and riau Jos» »7i l-1»
f«:O«r Vallrjo M*ll3»
•tliOUr Oriental Ilsll-O(i!an. Chajsnae.
Oinaha. Chicago *lll4Ji
•«:O«r Orlei.tal Mail— Ufden. Dvnver.
Omaika. Chicago *4il>r
J7i«or VallcJK. 1'urt Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»i33f
•»i«J3r Oregon and California Kipress.Hao-
tKiiioiit,!. Marystil!*. Keitillug.
l'..ftj«i,.l. 1-n^.t M,,,i.,.l an.l r»l »««l»4
CO4XI DlflHIOa (Narran (Jaaga).
(Foot of Market .Streel.)
17 1 4 .1a HanU Cna recursion for Haata ~*~
Crw. ami I*rincipal Way StaUona IliMl
•¦ll3* Newark. l>uteivl;ie.5!»n.»<ise. Fnlton.
ItouldcrCirek.SautaCfiizaDd Way
BUtlims •«:2«f
|3il.1r Newark, t>.,t.i.r»U:«. Kan Jom, New
Alma<l«!i, t-itoii, i;.-iitlJ«r Ureek.
SanU Crux ami rriucipal Way
SraLlona t l«»i-"»«1a
•-lllSr Newir*. Man .lnsv. ».c» Gatna *«>»•«
ii t:!5? (iK'iiwini.l. re I ton, flanta Crux c1i»»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/reai Sirt FRiSSlSW— ?iot tf Markst SUi«l<SU»t)->
?7:14 9:00 51:00».M. |l:03 *J:C3 t3:0O
•4:03 15:33 •6::3i\h.
r»»o 01IH1D— »,,i o'Brailw.f.— -fl;00 8:00 10:00».sU
t!2:C3 *1:C3 t::S3 11:03 «8:33f.M.
I'OINT IMTISloV (Kraail <J«nt;«).
(Thlr.l ..i..t TotYiiseiul Stt)
t«i!UA Ocean Vle». South rtan Fraociseo.. t«i««>V
t7:0O A San Jose »...! W »y .SUtioim (New
A>m;t.lr>i \V e ,l,,e»,l«,s only) *liS*y
t?:39a Snr.<l»y Excursion f' r San Joml
Hsnta- Cruz. Pacific GroT« ana
Principal Way stations {StSSv
•»i»O» Han J<»«. Tie* Pimm. Hants. Crux.
Tauliie <ir»?e. I'ano Koblea. Ban
l.nis oi.i»im>. e»tt. Lompoe anj
rrlnalpml War Sutloiis *«:IOf
•IO:ln, Baa Joso nnj Wsy Stations 'aiSSa
*IIi:i»a Sau.luss.LoaGatoaiimlWa^KtaMoMS •StHOr
t*>43i-San Matru. Kr.lwuoil. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Man Jos*.
Trti r-inoa. HanU Cn.i, Salloaa.
Muuterry anil 1'vitic CrnT* |IO::««i
f*:3n r Man Joseamt W»7 .sttilom •7«3»p
MliarBasyJa— ¦¦¦! rrineipa! W.yHUtions *t):l5»
tO:in»rs»-; Jns>. Los Oatos and PrlDdpai
Way Stations ?D:O«I»
•5::u>r Ran Jose an.l Principal \Tay StatSoos f*:Xi4
•«::t»r Sau .lose ami Way stations ?«-.oi» 4
«ll!45r 3an .losi-aii.t Way Stations »7;3(>r
A for Mornui j "" p f o r Afternoon.
• Dally. t Snii«U« sicepted. I Sunday only.
I Saturday only.
- a Saturday and S-in<>. T , <nnA\r and Mondav.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
I Commencing April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAXX.M*
AND SAN RAFAEU *
WEEK DAYS- 7:80. •8:30, 9:30 U00 a. m t
1J:«. 1:45. J:15. 4:13. •«:£ «:13. *«:40 '^ b. '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley \nd*Saii
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays Ba'umllvsi
and Sundays, at S>:00 an.l H:35 n m -"*«*'¦
SUNDAYS— 7:60. *S:CO. »9:00. •10:00 ildo 11 •»
a. m.; 12:i5. •!:». 2:30. -Z.O, 6:00. |«l"^
p. ra.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua>
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qurntln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FPAVCISCOL
WEEK DAYS-6:33. -S:^ 7:50 «« n?Ufc
m.: U.tQ. 1:15. !:13. »3::o. 4:30. 5:Jo' p m
EXTIIA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at ««:43 and 10:29 r i " rau * # "
SUNDAYS— S:15. «S:CO. '3:50. M^COa. m." •U»
m.; 1:CO. 2:15. -3:30. 4:30. •S:«3. tits? 7X0. 10:M
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qaentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRA.VCI3CCX
WEEK DAYS— 6:13. f,:45. 8:00 8:S5, 10:*» *>
«n. : 12:SS. 1:43. 2:4j. 3:20. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TH1PS on Mondays. ««lnt«Un
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10-20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: »:«•
1:20. 2:S0. S:45. 4:5S. «:16. 7:03. ia:SO p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. w«ek days— Oazadero and way st*»
tlor.s.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxaflero and way sta»
tiocs.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturday* exceptad)—
Point Reyes ana way station*.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero aad way sta-
tion*.
11:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reye» aa4 wm»
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC EAILWAY.
Lrave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. »:30 p . m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. »l 40.
KKW TAVERN OF TAAIAl-rAIS NOW OPEX-
SiLD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
KFtab!ish«l ovrr a third of a century: has a
latlonal reputation, ar.<l «'ai one of the few
ichoola ix-lected to represent the development
if commercial education at the Paris Exposl-
3on; over :",000 frrailuatps successfully apply*
ng their knowledir**: 2'X» rraduates annually
i!ao«»d In positions; teachers: open*the entire
»ear; new fcC-page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
6 AN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG HEN AND BOYS.
Separate Kooins. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Ktc.
rHHIETMAS TERM HPIOIN'S AUGUST HTH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARS
GP.AN'TS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
ere^s: «>eminary course accredttod to the
"nlvprritie*; rare opportunities offered In muFlc,
irt and Wx-utlon. Write for catalogue to MRS.
- T MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
fhlrty-fiflh yar; fali term openi Aug. 8, liOJ.
ST, MATTHEWS' M1 »,
IAN MATEO. CAL. For calaloffue and lllus-
nild circular aidr' ss
REV. t7. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
BAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
%\J ILL RESUMH STUDIES ON TUESDAY.
TV August *. 1310.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
[QQf 1 MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
s' -«iOO keeping: only expert accountants
md reporters 'as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
iie eafcieFt. fastest and most readable. Day
tad cvealns. . .. ... ._,._<. _ii
EAUJEtOAD TBAVZL.
Knickerbocker
Cftpniql Noonday
jpwUal Train From j
if NEW YORK.
ITIS in ) BOSTON.
UIO TO < BUFFALO
(CINCINNATI.
Via Big Foup Route and
New York Central Railway.
HO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUiS.
HO FERRY AT HEW YORK.
STOP AT HIACARA FACZ.S.
White City
JpeCial From
, CINCINNATI.
I WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO < BALTIMORE.
. / PHILADELPHIA,
' . NEW YORK.
Via Big Four Routs and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
Chicago
Excursion
i/ia.
Santa Fe Route
JUNE 2/ and 22.
TICKET OFFICE, 628 Market St.
SPECIAL
Chicago i Return.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
V AND
NORTHWESTERN LINE.
Tickets on sale June 21st and- 2Id- at General
Office. 617 Market at. Sleeping Car Reservation
Charts now open. It. R. RITCHIE,
Oen'l Art. Pac. Coast.
; OLUlIldLIlJ
•¦' Johoson s DiqestivG I
Paw-Paw i , 1
| Mdon Tablets (Papoids) 1Pennsylvania factory Inspectors report
222S accidents last year, three-founds of
which were due to carelessness.
According to the French patent laws,
public disclosure of an ln-ention before
the filing of an application for a patent
often deprives the Inventor of his ri^ht to
a valid French patent. The law of May
23, 1SGS, provides, however, that Invention's
exhibited at international exhibitions mav
be protected, as if they were patented,
from the time they are received at the ex
position until three* months after the clos
ing of the exposition.
"Welcome a Late Arrival.
To-morrow (Monday) on sale 1<XM> pairs ladles'
fine shoes. In tan ar.d black, button or lace, for
$1 13. These goods having arrived a little late
in the season have been rejected by prominent
local dealers and are worth from ti to £> a
pair. "The Standard," 1023 Market street, be
tween Sixth ani Seventh. . •
It Is only a question of a few short
months when almost the entire fleet of
sailing vessels ownta in the United States
will have its home port In San Francisco.
During the past twelve months nearly a
hundred ships, barks and barkentines
have been sold by New York owners to
Pacific Coast parties, nearly every one of
which has gone into the sugar and coast
wise trade. The largest buyers have been
the California Ship Company, Welch &
Co., Hind, Rolph & Co. and Alexander
& Baldwin. The California Ship Com
pany is now the largest owner of sailing
tonnage in the world, while Welch & Co.
run it a close second, and Hind, Rolph &
Co. control twenty vessels.
The latest additions to the coasting fleet
are the Tillie E. Starbuck, - Challenger
Emily Reed and Isaac Reed. The Star
buck was the first steel sailing vessel
built in the United States. £he is now
on her way from Honolulu to Philadel
phia with a cargo of sugar, and from
the Ciiy of Brotherly Love will come to
San Francisco with a general cargo. On
her arrival here she will be turned over
to Welch & Co. and a new captain will
take command.
The Challenger is now on her way from
New York to Honolulu, and on her ar
rival in Hawaii will come to San Fran
cisco. She has been purchased by Hind,
Rolph & Co, and Captain Piltz, late mas
ter of the barkentine William Carson,
will command her. *ne Carson was run
down and sunk by the steamer Claudine,
and the question of liability is still before
the courts.
The Emily Reed and Isaac Re^d are on
their way from Pncet Sound to San Fran
cisco. Both these vessels have been pur
chased by Hind, Rolph & Co., and Cap
tain .villiams, late of the barkentine Wil
lie ~xi. Hume, will take command of the
Emily Reed.
Changes of Captains.
Captain Peterson, late chief officer of
the schooner Mary E. Foster, has been
appointed master of the bark Diamond
Head. He takes the place of Captain
Morehouse, who committed suicide over
a week ago.
Captain Brlgman, rho was master of
the Willie R. Hume a year ago. has been
made captain of the ship Emily F. Whit
ney.- Captain Pentlleton and his family
leave the Whitney to-day, and will de
part for the East to-morrow. The Em
ily F. Whitney was turned over to her
Nearly All the "Wind-Jammers"
That Formerly Hailed From New
York, Baltimore and Bath
Now Claimed Here,
An Immense Fleet Added to
Vessels Owned on the
Pacific Coast.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
new owners, Alexander & Baldwin, yes
terday, and they will put in a new don
key engine and new main topgallant mast
before the vessel leaves again for the
islands.
Sailing of the Thomas.
Captain "Newt" Jordan of the pilot ser
vice leaves for the East in. a day or bo.
He will visit his old home in Thomastown,
Me., and after a few weeks there will go
to New York and Chicago. He expects
to be home again in about two months.
The United States transport Thomas
sailed for Manila via Honolulu and Guam
yesterday promptly at noon. She took
away about thirty-five cabin passengers
and 350 recruits. The officers and some of
the passengers who went out with the de
tachment are: *
Major C. A. Williams, Seventeenth In
fantry: Lieutenant Thomas M. Knox.
Twenty-seventh Infantry, and Lieutenant
T. A. Vicars, Twenty-first Infantry; Ma
jor T. C. Goodwin of the paymaster's de
partment; Captain Maxwell S. Simpson,
assistant surgeon squadron Philippine
cavalry; Acting Assistant Surgeon Rod
ney S. Smith; Mrs. Barber, wife of Colonel
Merrltt Barber, U. S. A.; Mrs. Campbell,
wife of Captain Campbell, Twenty-eighth
Infantry, U. S. V., and two children, and
Mrs. Ryther, wife of Lieutenant Dwight
W. Ryther. Sixth Infantry.
General Charles A. Woodruff was also
among those who sailed on the transport.
He goes out as chief of the commissariat
department, and will relieve Major E. E.
Dravo, who has been ordered home.
Water Front Notes.
Thomas Barry Egan, a painter out of
work, who eays his home is on Eighteenth
street, near Mission, tried to commit sui
cide yesterday. He jumped off Mission
ptreet wharf, and when some boatmen at.
tempted to rescue him he fought like a
maniac. He was finally got to the Har
bor Hospital, more dead than alive, and
there Drs. Robinson, Thome and Bauer
worked over him for a half-hour and
finally pulled him through. • Egan now
wants to live just as much as he wanted
to die Saturday afternoon.
The British ship Oranasla got a crew
yesterday and sailed for Queenstown. The
arrival of the sugar fleet has thrown some
sailors on the beach, and the wheat fleet
Is making the most of its opportunity.
The steamer Mlneola haa received a
thorough overhauling at the Union Iron
Works. In future she will carry coal be
tween Nanaimo, B. C, and Port Los An
geles.
R. T. McGlnnls, district officer of the
customs service, with headquarters at
Mission-street wharf, is to have a well
earned vacation. Accompanied by his
wife and Mr. and Mrs. James Goodwin
of the Imperial Insurance Company, he
will visit Boca and Lake Tahoe. In order
to keep all his promises Mac figures that
he must send at least a hundred trout a
day to his friends in San Francisco during
\jis absence.
Producir.g Company, 5S9.O00; Parrott Cop
per Company, $345,000, making a total for
these five companies of Jb,527,000.
The new Republic mill at Republic.
Wash., is designed to be the largest wet
process plant ln the Northwest. East
ern iron men have been visiting the Puget
Sound country, to investigate particular
ly the iron resources of the Index and
Monte Cristo districts, near Everett.
W. H. Norway of Santa Barbara has
purchased the El Pinal consolidated sU
ver and lead mine in Pinal County, Ariz.,
eighteen miles from Florence, and also
the Lena Rnd Martinez. In the latter is
copper. The propertv is forty-five miles
from the Southern Pacific Railroad, but
a branch road is projected at Casa Grande
which, if built, will run within six miles
of the mine.
Recent mining news from Amador
County is as follows: Arrangements have
been made to develop the Sargent mine,
which is a few miles south of Jackson.
The shaft in the Altarte mine will be
sunk 150 feet deeper. A contract has been
let for the running of crosscuts at the 5<J0
and SiOO levels in the Amador Queen mine
No. 2. The directors <f the Central Eu
reka mine have decidtd to erect a 1M
tiamp mill. The Defender mine will have
a 10-staxnp mill. Work in the tunnel in
the Butie Mountain mine has stopped. The
emelter at the Newton copper mine, be
tween Jackson and lone, will begin work
July 1Z.
Somf notes from Tuolumne County are
as follows: The Scottish-California gold
mine syndicate will carry on work on a
large tcaJe at the Little Wonder. The
Golden Treasure mine in Spring Gulch
whl be opened by a Modesto company.
There is considerable activity on the part
of prospectors. A ?10.u>» pocket has been
taken irom J. H. NeaJe's mine on Bald
Mountain. The Densmure mine has been
sold to C. D. Lane. Men are grading tor
the new mill at the Ciio. The Slapjack,
near Groveland, will resume July L
The reduction works at National City,
San Diego County, have been burned. B.
H. Lucas recently established a cyanide
plant at the works and operated it with
power from the engine room. With this
exception the plant had been idle for
many years.
The destruction of the Lewiston bridge
and the deep fords of the Trinity River
will prevent the operation of the rotary
gravel mine by G. E. iiaiiey at Lewiston
for about a month.
The Earcroft mine at Hornitos, Mari-
posa County, has been eold for $13,000, ac
cording to reports. The story is out that
a company will expend JiuO.oOO in develop
ment work at the -Nameless mine, live
miles from Coulterville. The Merced
River will be dammed, an electric plant.
will be put la and a 40-stamp mill will be
estabishe-d, as the story goes.
"Work on the Little Onion Valley quartz
mine, in Plumas County, has been re
sumed.
Dredging for gold, which may take on
large proportions in this State and also on
the Colorado River in Arizona, is popular
in Montana. The Gold Dredge Mining
Company has, according to the Mining
and Scientific Press, three miles of placer
ground on Grasshopper Creek, near Ban
nack. L. C. Bonney, manager, and M. Mc-
Donald, superintendent, say they have two
boats, costing about $50,uw each, working
about a mile apart, one operated by water
and electricity, the other by steam. Each
boat Is 102 by S»J feet; the machinery on
each weighs 3","J tons. The booms from
which the dredge buckets or scoops work
have a sweep of about 300 feet, the width
of the paystreak along the creek. The
prade is 1 per cent. A email dam is suf
licient to hold water in check to float the
boats, and they make their own channel
and construct their own dam. Each boat
handles 2100 cubic yards of earth a day;
the pay averages 2"> cents a yard. It costs
VS>0 a day to run the dredges.
Work has been begun on the Red Cloud
mine, twenty miles north of Reno, where
native quicksilver has been found.
The London Daily Mail furnishes some
interesting information concerning the
present condition of the South African
rnin*»s on the P^and, which is summarized
as follows:
"Everywhere is a Etrange silence, now
that the thud of the battery stamps and
the clatter of the hauling pear axe stilled.
Th»; tailing heaps lie white as skeletons
upon the track, and the gaunt headgears
point bony fingers to the Fky. The Gol
coxida has become a Golgotha, ln which
rust and corruption are the only active
aj?«-ncies, and decay alone Is king-. At
long intervals a listless chimney floats a
smoky pennant to the sky as a sign that
thtre a privileged engineer Is fighting the
canker with his pumps. But the number
of these is small and wholly Inadequate
to dispel the general impression of a char
n<?l house. Wagon ways, deserted by their
supports, hang fantastically festooned
or draggle sluttishly across the heaps of
ore. In the shafts the water has reached
its level, and Is noiselessly, remorselessly
picking cut the pit supports and obliter
ating the existence of crosscuts. While
fu<-h is the scene presented to the passing
observer, to the mining expert little dam.
ag<s of a permanent character reveals
Itself."
The Yreka Journal report3 the follow
ing facts concerning the mining industry
in Siskiycu County:
Considerable work is going: on at Ham
burcrh Bar and vicinity with good success.
Taylor and Johnson are sinking a large
cut to roach the deep channel, as it Is the
richest in Klnmath River. Brown, Ham
mer and Lane have been running: their
hydraulic mine for over six months past.
! wMch has been paying-. Frank Ramus
I and Charley I>ane are opening a cut in
Mill Creek. The Kunz Flat hydraulic
I mine, owned and managed by John~ S.
\ I.owden Jr.. Is being fixed up for the fall
i fcc-asnn by cutting bedrock and putting In
: new mimes for turning in the water. The
ly.ino Brothers, below Hamburgh, are also
j opening a cut to bedrock. The new
: dredger at ITawklnsvfllc. in Yreka Creek,
has been tested a number of times lately,
i and owing to the complicated arrange
ment of the several different sectionE, ope
rated by seven different steam engines,
much fixing may be necessary to get all in
smooth running order. It is almost ready,
•'however. 'and the scooping of the gravel
will be commenced almost any time.
George A. Tebbe has bonded a quartz
mine adjoining the Dewey mine at Ga
zelle, discovered last fall."
Lady Cnurchlll's Wit.
Laar Randolph Churchill has inherited
the wit of her father. -Uncle Larry" Je
rome, as she demonstrated upon one oc
casion to an eminent British politician.
He was somewhat annoyed at the cam
paign she had made, and said: "I really
don't understand, madam, why or how It
is that American ladies refuse to enter
political life In their own country, but
overwhelm us here in England." "That
is because you never traveled In the
States. The men there are so Intelligent
and patriotic that they do not require the
eiTvices of our sex as an educating force."
— The Argonaut.
» m ¦
Boston Shoe Co. 50c shoe sale will take
place to-morrow, 775 Market street. •
Four More Sailing Vessels for the Coastwise Trade..
In California Prospectors and Devel
opers cf Ore- Producing Properties
Are Receiving Reward for
Their Enterprise.
¦ ?
The story of mining on Douglas Island.
Alaska, still reads like a fairy tale. Un
der one roof thexe are 3>X> stamps. Along
the east shore of the island are four more
etarr.p mills. The ore averages less than
$3 p«r ton, and yet each claim is worked
&.t a. profit- There are now fc-yj stamps en
ti.e lode. The first mill built on the
Treaduell had Jive stamps. This was fol
l.>wt-d by one of 12J stamps. Then 120
stamps were added. Last year the 300
stAcap mill was finished ac<i the Treadwell
now has 540 stamps dropping on ore. The
S v-etamp mill takes twenty-three em
ployes to keep It running. That is only
one more employe than the 24J-stamp mill
has. The SOy-stamp mill has one foreman,
four amalgamators, ei£ht feeders, four
concentrator men, one concentrator re
pairer, two oilers, two suiphuret pullers
and one man handling the kicker.
The mine, with rockbreakers on th«
top floor, hoists ore ISjO feet distant from
the mill. Sixty self-feeders supply the
batteries with era. A stamp weights luiO
pounds and drcps 1C1 times a minute. An
•amalgamator is in charge of each tier
of 1m stamps, with two feeders as assist
ants. The mill is crushing 13J0 tons of ore
daily. The assay cf mill tailings on the
island runs usually from ID to 13 cents per
ton.
These are some cf many Interesting
statements made by Henry Watson, who
has written for the Aiiidnj; and Scieutilic
Press on the general subject. The crush-
Ing capacity of the new mill is illustrated
by the statement that S2,7-4,iX>0 pounds of
metal drop seven inches on the ore every
minute, and this greiit f^rce is used to
extract a meial invisible to the naked eye.
"une minute's dropping of eo many mil
lion pounds of iron."' t>a.ys Mr. Watson,
•¦proauces one-seventh of an ounce of
Cold, and even Uien one-third of this
value is la the concentrates, requiring
roytlng and smelting, betides a transpor
tation of fcj>j miles to the smelter."
The Spread iCus.e txoup o f copper
claims in Shasta. County, mat has b«r*n
t)onoe<i for sale, includes twenty-two
claims situated on the copper belt that
extends trom Iron Mountain :o the Little
liackbone. The price Is $125.0w. The
i.£Te*-rn^:;t Is for the payment of half on
or beiore July l, ISOJ. the other half to be
paiu one year later.
The Octave eold rrJr.e, near Stanton,
lavapal County. Arizona, which was only
a prospect six months ago, has given rls'e
10 a new camp that is doubling its popula
tion at short intervals and will surround
very toon a mine constantly feeding a
tO-stamp mill, according to Arizona ad
i: ¦ > The rapid growth of the camp is
one of the marvels of mining in Arizona.
.:nne has been developed by a syndi
. . ..f wealthy mtn who are intexested
txtensively in mining in various parts ot
the country.
The Saerlff cf Shasta County has riven
a 0i_'ea to the «iladstone mine, near
Krf^ich Gulch .to J. H. Walkatte, as the
outcome of the judgment g-;vcn against
tne J.uclid Mini::? Company of Ohio for
h sum ajiproximating $4tw. The .sale of
the property took Place under execution
J::.^ .", X£S9. when alkatte bid It in. L^ist
March the Sbextit sold the personal prop
erty at the rr.ir.e. consisting of the cook
house, blacksmith ishlp, ttc,, which aJ^o
went to tVailcute. The mine embraces
nil olaiir.s, tsve mil! cites aiid one water
r:fiht, ail situated In Kline Gulch, near !
French Gulch. The property paid at one !
time. The- luddkisr Searchlight says that
the opinion obtains that th-.re has been
no bona-nde transfer, but as>
strts that he owns the mine, and also j
said that he intends to develop the prop- I
trty on his own account at or.ee.
J. T. Gulick writes from Trinity County
that the season is opening up early.
Nearly all the claims located are frt?
from snow and there is unusual activity
with rxuntrs ttzid mine owntrs in making
preparations for development. Guiick
tays:
•¦Prospectors" tents are beginning to dot i
the meadows and glades in the gulches '•
in every- direction and the men who are j
here now all t-eem to be determined, ener- j
getic fellows and are prospecting in a
tysteicauc, businesslike way. Several lo- ;
cations have been made in the last few I
cays and 1 have no doubt that the min- ;
crai beit will be covered with claim \
stakes several miles south of last year's
locations before the snow Hies next au- j
tumn."
Good copper mines pay large dividends, j
The Calumet and Hecla of llichig-an paid j
$10,000,MO last year. The United Verde of j
Arizona paid nearly (44)00,000 and is cred
ited with carry ing |4.<>jO,Ci<jo to the reserve.
Trie Mountain Copper of Shasta County i
paid J1,0wj,<a*>. During the live j
rcux.ths of the present year Montana cop
per mining properties have paid dividends
fcs follows: Amalgamated Copper Com
pany. iZ.'J'J'J.Wj; Auicojiua., J2.4'J 1 j.Oj0; Bos- I
ton ani Montana, IS^ZOOjOOO; ilontana Ore I
THREE HUNDRED
STAMPS WORKING
UNDER ONE ROOF
Mining Operations in Alaska
That Make Basis for
Sure Wealth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTTNE 17, 1900.
21
WHERE
CAN TOC GO WITH ONLY SVi HOCKS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY 9S.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP,
! THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAC-
1 TIFUX.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCINO six nights of the week. GOLF,
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
I Finest Deer Hunting ln the County. Hunting
I Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
! Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of -Wonderful
Curative Propertlas. Lars* Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
| Call on LEE D. CRAIG. Sl« Montgomery «t..
| or address CRAIG A WARNER. Highland
| Springs. CaL
I CLEAN MUD
That cleanses th» Byitem oi tainted
blood. Made of fresh soil and hot sul-
phur water, cent up from Nature's store-
house, ln the famous HOT MUD
BATHS at
Paso Robles Hot Springs
No wlnd3. no fog*, no staffing. Rates
for hotel, baths and physician. J10 to J21
a week. Ask or writa for illustrated
booklet.
EPtCiAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELT, City Agent.
Tel. Red S2C6. 040 Market St.. S, F.
Ctto E. I»e?er, Projri»tor, Pa*» Babies, Cal.
j 0CEANEXOIRS10IIS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver, Seattle. Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
• down the Tukon to Nome, returning by ocean.
i 30 to 33 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per ?t«amer
! Senator, July IL via Jun»au. Skaguay. Glacier
' Bay and the Inland Passage, ln sight of lit.
St. Ellas, via Unlmak Pass and Seal Islands
j to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
j coast, crossing the Arctic Ctrcle and passing
! into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
i days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
¦ Excursions. Ticket office, i New Montgomery.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3^4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
i GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod ar.d Reel Fishing Tour-
I nament. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
i always open. Gnlf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
; rangen:ent3 for camping and Illustrated paxa-
1 phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
tSl Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
122 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
D./**j~t*« The Sinitarium o
oyron theco,3?t. Th=b-<
¦j -_ physicians recom-
BiOL mend it as the onK
-, . cure for rheumatism
NnPflfin^ »n<J rmlarh.
J P' llll ' 3 J Addrran A. BETTENP.
Mirr. Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
City Office. Room ?0. 3S Oleary sti—et.
Dr. C. C. O'DonneH's Mineral Springs'
At Glen Ellen is the best camping, picnic and
pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and etomarh
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world; 45 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. nnd N. P. R. R. give special rates tn
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. GT O'DONNELL. office 1C21U
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place "to go.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
TN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE PTERRA NE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate ln Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: $3 a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS, Chicago Park, Cal.
SrtRMTOGrt SPRINGS
The coolest epct ln Lake Co.. Cal. Round
trip. $9 50 complete. Rates. $10 to «4 a
week. Tiburr>n Ferry, 7:30 a. m. to TTVIah.
City office. 416 Pine «t. Brxiklet. Tenr.ls.
croquet, billiards, hot mineral baths, fish-
Ing, hunting, dancingr, riding, walking. J.
MARTENS, prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
fine flshlntr, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ular!". Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. CaL
*E P R C - TOCALOMA, M {? w
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties- fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BF.RTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. 324 Kearny it,. S. P.
DUNCAN SPRINGS B0TEL f ToI w Ho P^
Unequaled saga and magnesia waters. Good,
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland.
Mendoclno County. Cal.
X/Z^d^rVf IT*! 3 •*** hours from Pan
I UoClHl I L. Francisco, via the B!g
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trto from
San Francisco *32. For further information call
or address WM. J.* WHITE. General Agent.
630 Market St., S. F.; telephone Main 51S2.
Near Santa Rosa; among the <"*y^|{
Rincon Hills; home comforts a^nd eu A »>t
the best of country life. For OMAi/t
circulars address HARKY L. RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa.
YVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine sprlns water.
Rates $7 up. Eend for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNING. Santa Rosa, Cal. , ->-,
SM^TFVK A open mat ist: ton* * of
iilll.1 1L T13 A mm: help yourself: Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN Dutca
FUt, CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALISTS
WHO CAN
CURE
YOU
ARE
Dr. Meyers & Co.
SUCCESSFUL SINCE 1SS1.
These eminent physicians
cure diseases and weakness of
men. no matter from what
cause produced or of how long^ £
standing. You can consult them
free and NEED NOT PAY
FOR TREATMENT UN-
TIL YOU ARE WELL.
The remedies, methods and
appliances which DR. MEY-
ERS & CO. have used suc-
cessfully for more than nine-
teen years are not only safe
and sure, but perfectly harm-
less- DR. MEYERS & CO.
have the largest and best
equipped medical institution
and have the most extensive
practice in America. They fur-
nish all necessary remedies and
appliances free to their patients.
731 MARKET STREET,
It) I SAN FRANCISCO.
Elerator H 2SgW $
Entrance. ffSSS&K
Home Cares— Free Private Book.
Litt!e-at- the -Time Payments.
A Stitch ln Tlma Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect our
terms and prices before purchasing: else-
where.
Every step a money saver.
Call and examine our largs and ele-
gant stock.
Estimates on complete nous* furnish-
ing cheerfully c!ven.
Free Delivery Within 100 Mile*.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell. i
«i pi ra (fa Completely eradicated with-
OH R_ %? out cuttlntc or tyln*. No !
V*|« S" cure, no pay. For informa-
S ILLU tlon address S. F. RECTAL
* '" w INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE j
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
— a —
¦-'*"¦;'. .';
THE railroad between Lake Tahoe and
Truckee is now running daily, trains con-
necting with East-bound Southern Pacific
trains ln the morning at Truckee at 9:15, and
the West-bound in the evening at Truckee; and
are ready to receive passengers or freight to or
from the lake. For particulars apply to S. P.
Co., ticket office, or to D. Lv Bliss Jr., superin-
tendent Lake Tahoe Transportation Company.
Tahoe City. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing-, boating, bathing and
hunting; ln the heart of the mountains. The
best table In Lake Co. Address O. AVEIS-
aLAN. Midlake P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT iPMNG»l£:Sf,4£
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all reasons; 46 miles from San Francisco, via
Tiburon Ferry. Railroad station on hotel
grounds; extensive swimming tank; 110 50 and !
up per week: round-trip SI 10 on Sunday.
COOPER & STEWART. Agua Callente. Cal.
THEGEYScRS,^
ONE OF NATURE'S "WONDERS.
Katural Bteam bath*, swimming, fishing.
hunting and livery. Writ* for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
KLAMATH HOT SPHMOS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing — finest In the State —
Fhovel Creek. 13 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of came in surrounding mountains—
Krouse quail, deer and b?ar. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors, Beewlck, Siskiyou County. Cal.
ST- HtLtNA SaMTAWUSI- JSSSS^g
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
NAPA 6Oi>A SPRINGS.
UXDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
'A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
GLE.N OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
~ location. -Andrew F; QUIEN.Glea Ellen, Cal.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
; And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located la the midst of (rraad aad lmpresslT*
mountain scenery. w':h Mount Shasta
aad the Crags for a
backyrcund.
FETE HtTNTrXQ AND FI3HINO.
i Unsurpassed colslne and servlc* and reason*
abla rates.
: RAILROAD FARE, round trrn. lncludln*
¦leeper both ways. 914.
: For rates, terras and other lnforrnatloa ad-
dress: e. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care PaelSc Improvement Company.
Crocker Bulldl&s. San Francisco.
t ¦
[
Central California
Ean Jose :s the central city of Cailfom:a. aad
Hotel Veadome Is Its moat attractive featur*.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almadea
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
ln every resDect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For farther Information call
at "Traveler" office. 2a Montgomery St.. 8an
Fxanciwo. or address
GEO. P. SXELL. Mgr.. Ean Jose. Cal.
PAR4IS0 HOT SPRINGS, CarU A b -^L
Monterey County, Cal.— For health, rest.
climats that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat»
accommodations; beautiful »cenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tar < 30x80 feet. Our masseurs
! are ail graduates. Hunting and flshin?: chil-
dren's plarirrc%nd. croquet, lawn tennis and
dance fcall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations frr families: all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. Pan Francisco, 9 a. m. : Fir3t and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stase over beautiful level road T
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. J3. at 9.
P. office, 613 Market street. Telephone and
pestofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address K. L. PERRAUL.T.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and I' n nary
i Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnlfleent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. Xo fo^s. Unequaled for health, rest ind
recreation. Rates. $12 to tl4 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. J a.
m. and 2:<j p. in. dally. Carriages at Oilroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
, R. ROBERTSON'. Proprietor.
CI/ AfZfZ^, HOT SPRIN-G3. SONOMA
f*»>*VIVJv^ County: only 4H hours
from San Francisco and but nine m!l»s of
stag-ing, waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath ln State: grand mourrtairi
scenery, rood trout streams at door: telephone.
telegraph: daily mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning: and afternoon stages: round trip frona
San Francisco only |5 JO. Take Titvjron ferry
at 7:10 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years: patronage constantly increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Tore* miles from TTkiah, Msndodno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
¦¦ [lace ln the world of this class of waters
havlns continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: P.shln< and hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER * CO.. Proprietors.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swimming.
fishlrg. tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco, $3 CO. Full Information at Traveler office.
21 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lcmcnd, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL
Ircn_ani-*lasrnesia Springs. Thes« celebrated
• prints Adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing: hunt-
Ing- home cOiklng: *ocd beds; {3 50 to 110 week:
cottages tor housekeeping. MR3. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Springs. Cal.
CAR LSBADrMi
Most beautiful spot ln Lake County. "Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: *H a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. LaJcs Co.
PLANTATION D:DSE-?. M ,W. i?°2
stage line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit.
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two cr more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINnKR. Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR.. KRt'SE, 207 Front st.. for particulars.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Th» mon attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new walks, et-. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake C.unry. Cal.
THE WELLESLEY,
California aad Larkin Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERIiT, Proprietress.
fcL.'llJil I fc HO I fcL, Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train: ii miles
from San Francisco. Fare H *5.
Kenilworth ina, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
8ANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Crux; delightful summer
home ln redwoods; runnin? water: abundance
fruit, good table: terms $5 53 week. Address
W. CRAXDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of S rooms,
stable, etc.; fine orchard and grounds; terms
moderate. Apply Station Master. San An-
selmo. Maria County.
BOARD on a fruit ranch. «S per week: com-
forts of home and free drives: round trip from
San franclsco |3. Address Redwood Height.
Occidental. Sonoma County, Cal.
KEYSER & WATSON. Holland, convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
EprtnKs and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
Ing; reascnable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial traveler*.
TOURISTS can set first-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED. VklaJi. for all summer resorta. at
reasonable rates. Eafle Stables. Tel. No. ui.
GBAPE-2IUTS.
BOXES OF GOLD
Sent for Letters About Grape Nuts, j
330 boxes of gold and greenbacks will !
be sent to persons writing interesting 1
and truthful letters about the good that
has been done them by the use of j
Grape-Nuts food. •
10 iittle boxes, each containing a $10
gold piece, will be sent the 10 writers of
the most interesting letters.
20 boxes each containing a $5 j?o!d !
piece to the 20 next most interesting I
writers, and a $1 greenback will go to :
each of the 300 next best. A commit-
tee of 3 to make decision and the prizes '¦
sent on July 3, 1900.
Write plain, sensible letters, giving '
detailed facts of ill-health caused from
improper food and explain the improve- ;
merit, the gain in strength, in weight, or
in brain power after using Grape-Nuts j
food.
It is a profound fact that most ails of !
humanity come from improper and non- j
nourishing food, such as white bread, j
hot biscuit, starchy and uncooked ce-
reals, etc.
.A ch.Trigc to perfectly cooked, predi-
p-ested food like Grape-Nuts, scientific-
ally made and containing exactly the 1
elements nature requires for building •
the delicate and wonderful cells of brain \
?.nd body, will quickly change a half :
sick person to a well person. Food. ]
pood food. is Nature's strongest ;
weapon of defense.
Include in letter the true names and j
cddi esses, carefully written, ot 20 per- '
sons, not very well, to whom we can 1
v.r:te regarding; the food cure by Grape- j
Nms. ;,": - ;:-
Almost every or.e interested in pure
food is \\illing to have his or her name
appear in the papers for such he'p as
they may offer the human race. A re-
qucVt. however, to. omit name will be re-
fpected. Try for one of the 330 prizes.
Every one has an equal show. Don't
write poetrj't b** P*st honest and inter- j
eating facts about the good you have
obtained from the pure food Grape- 1
Nuts. If a man or woman has found a J
true vvny to !?et well and keep well it j
fhould be a pleasure to stretch a helping j
hand to humanity by telling the frets.
Write your name and address plainly
en letter and mail nrompt'v to the Pns-
tntn Cereal Co., Ltd.. Battle Creek,
filch. Prizes sent July 3. i ;
||rarySTjralll thousands tell the same story.
all P rl I Pjglll A banker in New York City writes: "When on the vergs cf
t~ -" vhmi^l T7> TVlii committing suicide, because of my weakness, I commenced the
ose of Wor.der-Wor«.«>rs and now, thank God. I am entirely well."
A PRESENT
W nt^'S^^^^^ ' Wl!I **"* OB EXTRA WtEK>S SUPf>LY ln «*** •><>*
JP<fiiw? -JffiSifrJRsJ of Wonder- Workors sold during this month to men who mention
tt&lwS^r /JNtg?*^3|r ***** *dwti»«a«Bt aad this paper when they order the medicine.
Jik vTyi »lM There Is not a case of NERVE WEAKNESS, SEXUAL
-/f|k \W_ r^A felfj DEBILfTY. VARICOCELE, IMPOTENCY, LOST MANHOOD,
iilK V. t "Afe NEURASTHENIA, OR ANY DERANGEMENT OF THE NERVOUS
!2|aJ\ JT_ T system ON EAR™ TODAY (no matter what the cause
t i /*~~^/4$ffi- or whether the man be old or young) that "BECK'S
/ / K WM FOR MEN" will fail to CURE EASILY
y^| / I h\ '$& AND 0lICK[R AT *-£SS EXPENSE than any other prep-
«^-£^J I FJ \ ¥k aration made anyv.here in the world, if simply used
llk\\ TABLET AT A °°SE THREE TIMES A DAY.
¦^¦"S^^i //?3\ \ \ Beck's Wonderworkers for Men are called "The Worn-Ont
'-Vj?£*jjr } I cJTa \l \ 1 Man's Be«t Fricad" by more than 200,000 men who h»»o been
'*%SifY /j?*%lLaJ^> I r * 6tOTe< * to Perfect Vigor «ad Full M-nhood by their ate. No
'?>*S I >wS?*P*** J mta wbo eTer usa<J the:n fa ' lstl t0 6 et well < DO ™»»er what his
'^T / /ir a^ e Cr "***' caused his w«aknc»s. Cure your»eli at home.
/ / /*jfSr&&* fp Beware of frauds who imitate my Wonder-Workers
/ I / *W '^vVym 'f*i ami &taal mv advertisements.
Wonder-War kers do not centra any Pho«pborn« or Spaslsh Fly, or any other of the min-
erals, excitants or poison* that make tno vile nostrum* •old by the rraad* and qaacka so daagor-
oiu to human Ufa, aod it is Perfectly Sale to uae them nodar any circomatanoea.'
I have more than 50,000 testimonials from Men who have been Cured.
Read My Affidavit of Protection. The Price of My "Wonder-Workers."
IDO6OLESff>*I-Y8WEAKthatlM«th«nthree T1m» pric*> of WONDER-WORKERS Is Only One
Z%TtoVt\?w££?^lT&-&2 r . k SR % -DoNar per box. 1w« y . csb with tie order, by
Sra&38a Condon SiTO£\i B $ y . : : W* flt JO" «P«"- * "'¦» «« you 25
. Ura; thatth* cimes of all who pnrohue them cents to lift it from your mpres* office. If yoo
W££^&sr&$?:& ii h£&£'&&: — * *¦« i wi» ««d U*. by Mi i p^d.
Sworn to In Springfield, Ohio. thus saving yo« tea cents. All Goods Sent la
CEO. A. BEARD, Notary Public Ptaia Package the same day order is received.
I am the only man in the medicine business who has soleoinly swora that the medicine- he
tells cared himself, and that the names of all who bny will be held sacred. I am the sols owner
aod proprietor of "Beck's Wander-Workers for Man/' and I never hare had. do not now, nor
paver will have any affiliations in any way with the "C O. D." blackmailers. "Doctor by Mail"
iniposters, "Free Trial" humbugs, "Magnetic" fakirs, or "Divine Healer" scamps, everyone of
whom are unworthy ol the patronage of any man. If yon have any doubt abont me write to Mr.
A. R. Cobaurh, Cashier of the First National Bank of this city (the bank of which Ex-Governor
Bnshnell. ofOhto, is President), or to any of yonr friends who may be living here. Sincerely.
y GEO. S. BECK, 420 South Market Street, SPRINGFIELD, OHIO.G. E. McLood, chairman of the Stockton
Fourth of July committee, is here to see
Chief of Police Sullivan and Attorney J.
C. Campbell, counsel" for the Chinese Six
Companies, relative to getting the neces
sary paraphernalia to be used in the big
Oriental section of the procession in that
city. The Chinese of Stockton will turn
out strongly if they can be assured of get
ting tho costly garments from here, which
they feared could not be procured on ac
count of quarantine. McLeod will try to
settle that matter : favorably for his town
before returning. ,
Out for Chinese Costumes.
Practical i outfit, with tripod, for , $1.85; cost
J3 35. Backus Studio. 11 Geary, prf^ujgrajjheri,*
E. Messager's Cloak Store,
145 Post street. Two big bargains for this
week. 2500 wash oversklrts reduced from $1 50
and $2 60 to 50c. 150 suits, the newest styles.
reduced from ?25 to $12 50.
The Thirteen Committeemen Meet
and Receive Some Recom
mendations.
The Fourth of July committee met last
night at tho California Hotel and the re
ports of committees were read. Little
business was transacted. E. A. Denicke
sent in his resignation, which was ac
cepted. This leaves but thirteen members
on the committee.
The music committee recommended nine
bands for the parade and the iireworks
committee two displays at night, each to
cost J400, and an extra $100 to be expended
for day fireworks.
The literary committee reported that
conditions were favorable for securing the
Grand Opera-house for the day exercises.
PREPARING FOR FOURTH
OF JULY CELEBRATION
Notice tj Pa3sengerg.
• Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 40S
Taylor Htreet, t>50 Market street, Oakland
terry depot. •
Members of Pacific Heights School
Celebrate the Event With
Exercises.
The cjoslng exercises of the Pacific
Heights School were informal In charac
ter. The rooms of the ninth grades were
filled with the parents of the graduating
pupils and the alumni of the school, of
which they are proud to have been mem
bers.
Medal pupils — Valentine Roberts, Fred
Tatum. Edith Coomb, Leonid von Hagen,
Ethel Newman, Mazle Langhorne.
Honoraries^-Raymond Ashton, Johanna
Volkmann, Myra Palache, Delphine Hobro
and Waldo Postel.
Recommended pupils — Roy Fuller, Lizzie
Sebastian, Irma Llllle, Pearl Helman, Ar
mor Deamer, Peter turn Suden, Eustace
Peixotto, James Langhorne, Marion
Cooper.. Fred Blumberg, Bessie Barkley,
Helen Boyd Irma Dresbach, Leila Good
friend, Rhoda Mills, Miriam Meyers, Irene
Muzzy, Rita Newman, Edith Treanor,
Irma Wolfsteln, Jerome Harris, John Cas
sell.
Promoted on examination — Edith Alder
son, Blanche Boston, Will Boyken, Row
ena Urandt, Edna Forner, Ruth Foster,
Hattio Fischer, Kenneth Heron, Olga Lo
benbaum, Grace McManus, Milton Meyer,
May Ryden, Laura Switzer, Elsie Zeile,
Julia Evans, Zelda Goldsmith. May Gavin,
Ethel Kentfleld. "Wallace Behlow, Edgar
Dessouslavy, Edwin Frowenfeld, Theo,
Frledlander, Harold Gray, Stuart Morton,
Louise Marchi. Warren Manley, Lester
McMullen. Terry McKeon, Klngsbury Par
ker, Allan Rixford. :.». "¦.,
GRADUATING PUPILS
RECEIVE HIGH HONORS
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts. fur
capes: liberal credit. M. Rothsrhild. 526 Sutter.*
ADA REHAN ENGAGED
TO PLAY AT MOROSCO'S
The Frawlsy Company Will Open a
Season of Twelve Weeks on
July 2.
The people of San Francisco have In
store a theatrical treat. The Frawley
company will open at Morosco's on July
2 for a season of twelve weeks. The lead
ing lady of the company will be the fa
mous American actress, Ada Rehan, and
the leading man will be "Wilton Lackaye.
Ada Rehan needs no introduction. Her
histrionic ability has won her fame In
the English-speaking world. The com
pany will open in "The Children of the
Ghetto" and will probably follow it with
"The Great Rubv." c.ne of the leading
successes of the New York season.
Among the other attractions which will
be presented will be "Trilby" and "Ben
Hur." It Is said that the company which
Miss Rehan and Lackaye will lead will be
one of the strongest dramatically that
ever came to the coast.
Tr»pp«T's Oil etirps rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drucrlsts. 60c flask. Richards & Co., 496 Clay.
Music at the Park.
Following is the programme of music
to be played at the Park to-day:
Overture, "Fra Dlavolo" Auber
Selection from "Tannhauser" Wagn«r
"Serenade" Moskovrskl
Selection. "The Bohemian Girl" Balfc
Patrol, "The Blue and Gray" Dalbey
Overture, "Roman Carnival" Berlioz
Prologue from "Pagllaccl" Leoncavallo
"Czardas" Dellbes
"Carmer.clta" waltz llalbey
March, "Paris Exposition" B. I*. Merrltt
Five Hundred Barrels of Beer Con
signed to the Islands Held Up
for Several Hours.
The bark Rosamonde was refused clear
ance for Hawaii yesterday morning, pend
ing advices from the Secretary of the
Treasury, there being on board 500 barrels
of beer and other merchandise on which
the United States internal revenue tax
had not been paid. Later in the day the
Secretary of the Treasury ordered th©
bark released and will permit her owners,
Williams. Dimond & Co., to pay the In
ternal revenue tax at Honolulu.
The delay grew out of a circular recent
ly issued from the Department at Wash
ington to the effect that on and after Juno
14. 1000. articles subject to internal reve
nue taxation could not be exported from
the United States to the Territory of Ha
waii in bond without payment of tax, nor
with the benefit of drawback. After the
circular had been issued It was decided
that the date of export is the date of the
sailing of the vessel from the Pacific sea
board. ...
HAWAIIANS ALMOST
LOST THEIR LAGER
Pathetic Letter From Mrs. Sarah
Goggin, Who Says She Was De
frauded of Property by
the Attorney.
» '
Captain of Detectives Seymour is still
engaged in gathering evidence against At
torney "Jack" Chretien in connection with
his alleged bold scheme to deal out places
on the police force for a monetary con
sideration. He expects to have enough
evidence in a few days to warrant him in
swearing to a warrant for the attorney's
arrest, charging him with felony.
Edward Darcy. the gripman who gave
Chretien a certificate of deposit for $500
on the understanding that the attorney
would have him appointed a member of
the force, will in all probability be called
as a witness against him. Notwithstand
ing Darcy's determined effort to shield
the attorney while he was testifying be
fore the Grand Jury, Captain Seymour Is
satisfied that he will tell the truth In
case Chretien is arrested.
Chretien Accused by a Woman.
In addition to the attempt to "beat"
the deluded gripman Captain Seymour is
Investigating another and more serious
crime which is charged to Chretien. It is
the alleged defrauding of Mrs. Sarah Gog
gin of a valuable piece of property at 1913
Van Ness avenue. Mrs. Goggin's husband
was the trusted employe of Francis,
Valentine & Co. and in an evil moment
he helped himself to the funds of the
firm. Fearing- arrest he went to Scot
land, where he was shortly afterward
joined by his wife.
The following letter, written by Mrs,
Goggln to Chief of Police Crowley some
time ago, shows how much she thought
of Chretien:
THE MALL, MOXTROSE, Scotland.
Chief Crowley— Dear Sir: My daughter had a
letter from Mr. Chretien yesterday. He said
you showed him my amusing letter and said
he was told you would not answer me. This I
would not believe him on his oath, for I know
you are too perfect a pontleman to speak like
that, and too clever an officer of Justice to
let such a daring robber pass you by, where
the English Consul had traced to Chretien as
being the person who produced the power of
attorney on an order from E. \V. GogBin to got
my private trunk, which was dlrectr-d to L)r.
, my son-in-law. In Scotland. The power
Is a forged power, as I never gave him such
power,- for I would not give him the power
ovrr my dog; and I mnde my daughter tell him
yesterday that I nave him no such power. 1
am writinsr Captain Lees by this post to see If
he can help in this matter. I told him what
Chretien Bald about my amusing letter, and
that you would not answer me. I also told
him I would not believe him under oath, for
that you had every fact of the case very clear
ly before you. and that you had the help of
the Enelieh Consul and Mr. Bowden, the Cus
tom-house broker who had charge of them.
I Inclose you another of the lists, feeling you
may want them. Hoping to hear a favorable
reply, yours truly,
BARAH W, GOGGIN.
Mrs. Goggin's Pathetic Appeal.
A few days later the police received an
other letter from Mrs. Goggln. It read as
follows:
I have seen by the newspapers where that
dreadful man, John Chretien, the eham lawyer
<if San Francisco, is Felling my house. 1913 Van
Ness avenue, the only means I have to live on,
leaving me a perfect beggar. Is there no way to
appoint me a State lawyer, an-1 not to have Mr.
Chretien mak<* away with my property with a
paper forged by him? When he got me 1 to kIkh
it he told me it was a letter, to help my friend,
Mrs. Reed, to draw my rents; and It was to
give himself the power; and he has robbed me
In a fearful way. even to my clothes. I am left
pcnnlk-fis by a swindler of a husband, and all
his plans were well carried out when he got me
out of California. Oh. can nothing be done for
a helpless woman without the means in her
power to go out and tell her true story to, the
world? I promise you Mr. Chretien would soon
be in Pan Quontin. His letters will prove what
a villain he if. He frot his wife to write me
lies to put me off my guard. Oh, for God's
sake help me. Yours In sorrow,
SARAH W GOGGIN. ¦
P. S. — For God's sake lose no time.
To-day Captain Seymour Intends to find
out whether or not Chretien has posses
sion of the property referred to In Mrs.
Goggin's letter.
Daniel O'Connell 's Statement.
The police^ yesterday, obtained ajstate-
Will Be Arrested for Taking
Money From Would-Be
Policeman.
CHRETIEN TO
BE PROSECUTED
SAYS SEYMOUR
ment of Daniel O'Connell, a stockbroker
at 26 Montgomery street, in reference to
the attempt to "do" Gripman Darcy. In
it ho says that he introduced Kelly, who
was one of the conspirators, to Chretien
about six months ago.
Chretien, ho claimed, was a member
of the Republican County Committee and
hnd a "pull" with tho Police Commission
ers.
"I have never seen Darcy or Doran," he
continues. "Kelly, I understand, is in
Seattle, having suddenly disappeared on
account of some crooked deal. I met
Chretien last Thursday or Friday. He told
me that he had to refund the money he
got in the deal In which Kellv was inter
ested. I supposed that he referred to the
Darcy case." . ; . :
Kelly is still at large, but the police are
hopeful of effecting his capture. He will
then be used as a witness against Chre
tien, providing he tells all he knows about
the transaction ¦with Darcy.
A PETITION was filed yesterday asking for the removal
of Dr. E. W. King, superintendent of the State Hospital
for the Insane at Ukiah, Mendocino County. Accompany
ing it are many charges against the aged head of the institu
tion. The document was filed with the board of managers
by Hon. T. L Carothers, who is one of the leading attorneys
of Ukiah and well known throughout the State. Incompe
tency, lack of medical skill, high-handed and dictatorial ,
methods, lack of ability to command respect of his subordi
nates, allowing private parties to feed horses at the expense
of the State and practicing his profession outside of the in
stitution are some of the allegations made against Dr. King.
The petition is the outcome of the discharge for alleged po
litical motives of the son of the petitioner, who was chief
engineer at the institution.
The chief carpenter also had been discharged by Dr.
King, and yesterday the physician produced a sensation
by summarily dismissing W. 6. Jones, steward of the hospi
tal, and giving his place to F. C. Handy, secretary to the
superintendent.
All these dismissals are said to have been made without
cause, and the discharged employes will make a legal battle
for reinstatement. The deposed chief engineer is represented
by his father and J. C. Ruddock, and Jones has retained ex-
Governor James H. Budd as" his counsel.
and want of harmony between the said board
of managers and the said medical superintend
ent.
Fifth — That the said medical superintendent
has used the employes of said asylum for busi
ness not connected with the State of California,
and while the s=aiil employes were so occupied
the MenOoeino State Hospital was deprived of
their services thereat.
Sixth— That the said medical superintendent
has permitted his recretary to be offensively
officious in active participation in political mat
ters and in the management of the asylum and
the business pertainjng thereto and in the ap
pointment and discharge of employe*.
Seventh — That the said medical superintend
ent has permitted the absence, without the
knowledge or consent of thp board of man
agers of said Mendocino State Hospital, of
employes thereof.
Eighth — That the said medical superintendent
has permitted patients at the said Mendocino
State Hospital to become Intoxicated while
under his care, and he has connived in shield-
ing the parties responsible therefor, when he
had full knowledge of the same and the rules
governing the said hospital.
Ninth — That the said medical superintendent
has discriminated and does discriminate be
tween employes at said Mendocino State Hos
pital and favors some to the detriment of
others, thereby affecting the efficiency of the
services at said Mendocino State Hospital, and
imposes on certain employes tasks not pre
scribed as a duty of their position by the by
laws.
Tenth — That he practices medicine among
people not patients at said institution, or em
ployes thereof, contrary to the laws of the
State of California, in such cases made and
provided.
Eleventh— That he has had quartered upon
the State of California, and fed at the expense
of said State, horses owned by private indi
viduals, and has charged the *ald State with
the expenses of shoeing the said horses; that
he has used employes of the State in caring
for eald horses, and has used State carriages
XC1TEMEXT is buzzing through
out the State Hospital for the In
sane at Ukiah, Mendocino County.
' ' Actions on the part of the aged
Superintendent; Dr. E. W. King, alleged
to be high handed and illegal and which
had plunztd the big Institution into a con
dition of turmoil, culminated yesterday
in the- Cling of charges against him by a
prominent attorney of Ukiah, who asks
that the Superintendent be removed from
his position. Incompetency because of
lack of executive ability and medical skill,
dictatorial, autocratic and self-opinionat
ed characteristics, lack of ability to hold
the confidence and respect of his subor
dinates, use of employes for business not
connected with the institution, permitting
his secretary to be offensively officious in
matters political, permitting patients to
become intoxicated, practicing h'is profes
sion outside the hospital, allowing a con
tractor to become indebted to the institu
tion and feeding at the expense of the
State horses belonging to private parties
are among the charges made against Dr.
King.
For some time there has been great dis
satisfaction expressed at Dr. King's man-
agenent of the institution. This broke
out into strong and* open criticism when
six weeks ago the superintendent sum
marily dismissed M. M. Carothers, chief
engineer of the hospital, and who had
been an employe there since the institu
tion was opened. Incompetency was al
leged, though the discharged engineer, it
is stated, was regarded by the official in
spectors and the managers as one of the
most competent employes of, the institu
tion. It is claimed that the chief engi
neer's discharge was brought about
through motives of political revenge on the
part of the superintendent's secretary.
I^ater on James George, the chief car
penter, was discharged by Dr. King, and
ve«terday the climax was reached when
\V G. June.', the steward of the institu
tion, was summarily dismissed by the
aged superintendent.
Charges Against Superintendent.
T. L.. Carothers, one of the leaders of
the legal profession in Ukiah and a man
who is -.veil known throughout the State,
having been a Presidential Elector in 3SSS
and a member up to a few years ago of the
board of directors of the institution in
question, is the author of the charges
against and the petition for the removal
of Superintendent King. The document
was riled with the board of managers of
the hospital yesterday, and is as follows:
To the Honorable Board of Managers of the
Mendocino State Hospital for the Insane: T. L.
Carothers, a'citizm and taxpayer of the State
of California, raiding in the State of Califor
nia, comes now and makes the following
charges against E. W. Klnp, the medical su
perintendent of the Mendocino State Hospital
for the Insane, and specifies as follows:
First— That the said E. W. King ie now and
has been at all the times mentioned herein
medical superintendent of the Mendoc'.no State
Hospital for the Insane.
Second— That the said E. W. Kins is Incom
petent to perform the 'duties of his said office
of medical superintendent of said State Hospital
by reason of his lack of executive ability caused
I by his advanced age and loss of memory and
by reason of his lack of medical skill and abil
ity necessary to the treatment of the claps of
i patients contained In said llendocino State
I Hospital.
Third— That the Eald E. "W. King is dicta-
I torial. autocratic and self-opinionated to such
I an extent that he .lias neither the confidence nor
rppjrf-ct of the officers cr employes of the iJid
Mfn<iocino State Hospital, thereby affecting the
efficiency of the said Institution and the satis
factory services of puch officers and employes.
Fourth— That by reason of the said character
istic last mentioned of the said E. W. King,
' medical superintendent as aforesaid, he dees
i not fellow the wishes and Judgment of the
b^ard of managers of eald Mendocino State
I Hospital, and sets up his own desires and opin
ions in opposition thereto, and insists upon the
! same in an offensive manner, causing discord
for the entertainment and pleasure of his rela
tives and private guests and persons not of-
Ilclally connected with said institution.
Twelfth— That he has fed and quartered the
horses belonging to employes of the said in
stitution at the expense of the State of Cali
fornia, contrary to law.
Thirteenth— That he permitted one Chambers,
who was a contractor for furnishine milk to
said institution, to become indebted to said in
stitution for hay grown on the farm connected
with said State hospital, when said Chambers
was a creditor of said State, and the money
due from said Chambers to the State could eas
ily have been collected, and whereby the State
of California suffered loss.
Wherefore the said petitioner prays that by
the order of the said board of managers of
the Jlendocino State Hospital for the Insane,
the said E. W. Kingr, medical superintendent
thereof, be removed from his said position.
T. L. CAItOTIIEItS. Petitioner.
Handy's Political Conniving.
Chief Engineer Carnthers protested
against his dismissal, but Dr. King, dom
inated as he is said to have been by his
private secretary, F. C. Handy, who for
political reasons wished to revenge him
self upon Hon. T. L. Carothers, the peti
tioner and who is also the father of the
deposed engineer, had promised the posi
tion to E. S. Johnson, a young gentleman
from Albion. Johnson had rendered ef
ficient aid to what is known in Ukiah as
the Duncan-Handy push in the election of
189S, and to reward him for his work he
had been promised the place. A year ago
Johnson came to Ukiah to take the posi
tion, but Handy was not then in a posi
tion to discharge Carothers. About three
months ago Governor Gage appointed two
new members of the board of managers,
which made the body Republican. Then
Mr. Handy thought his time had come,
and the superintendent promptly notified
Carothers that his services were no longer
required.
The majority of the board, of which A.
W. Foster, president of the California
Northwestern Railway, is president, re
quested Superintendent King to reinstate
Mr. Carothers until such t ma as the board
should investigate the charges preferred.
The superintendent, however, declined,
and then Attorneys J. C. Ruddook an.l
T. L. Carothers appeared before the board
to present their side of the case for the
engineer. In the meantime the chief car
penter, James George, had also been dis
charged without cause. He alsi employed
counsel and will protest to the board.
Yesterday Dr. King's peculiar character
istics were again shown by his discharge
of W. G. Jones, the steward, who, he al
leges, is insubordinate. This position was
given to Handy, who. it is alleged, has
been working for the place for a long time.
The asylum employes are therefore in a
very excited condition, and the day's
events have produced a sensation in
Ukiah. Ex-Governor Cudd has been em
ployed by Mr. Jones to represent him.
There is on file in the County Clerk's
office in Ukiah a claim by Dr. Kins
against the estate of Joseph Elledse, do
ceased, for a lar^e sum, claimed to be due
for medical services rendered by the phy
sician.
He Summarily Dismisses Engineer, Steward and
Carpenter and Hon. T. L. Carothers Prefers
Many Charges Against Him.
REMOVAL OF DR. KING, HEAD
OF UKIAH ASYLUM IS ASKED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
22
Special Sale
of this season's $ i and $1.2 5
Foulard Silks
reduced to
I
On Monday we will have a special sale of
our immense stock of Parisian and high-grade
domestic foulards. These goods are 24 inches
wide and are from the looms of the most noted
and best silk manufacturers in the world;
they are this season's production of fh e '-nost
fashionable shadings in a large * a y of
beautiful designs; all have been sola by as at
„$ 1.06 'and $1-25 a yard.
As this is the beginning of the summer sea-
son this sale presents to silk buyers an oppor-
tunity to purchase seasonable silks at a pice
that, is generally charged for odds and enus at
the close of the season;
129 Kearny Street
¦C0C0CC9QaeQGGGCQ<3G0Gt8Gd0©C0GQGQ©G0Sfc©00eC©<;
» . ©
{ Cor. Geary and Grant Ave. %
» e
i 0
I fSSk~ Women's 1
I Summer Weight |
\ f"k\Wr) Jackets |
? - o
» \ o
I MONDAY we will offer One Hundred LIGHT-WEIGHT g
5 JACKETS. They are made from all-wool tan Covert g
3 Cloth and lined throughout with heavy twilled silk. «
a The style Is the short, Jaunty cut with fly fronts. Just a §
I m - suitable Jacket for the summer months. Sizes 32 to 42. J
| White Shirt Waists !
| A handsome lot of new ones will be placed ON SALE g
J T0-M0RR0W. They are made from dainty white mate- «
3 rials with the new spoke and hemstitched effects, all with §
I soft dress sleeve cuffs. The quantity Is not large, but we J
g think sufficient to last the day out. All sizes, 32 to 44. «
s *
I More Shirt Waists I
» Sizes 32, 34, 36 only, |
I 55c each. |
c The last of this great lot will be offered TO-MORROW, i
I 40 dozen In all. There are pretty DIMITIES. PERCALE §
» AND PIQUE WAISTS In Pink, Blue and Black and While J
s Waists that are worth from $1.00 to $1.75 each, if «
§ your size Is here. They certainly will Interest you. §
J Sizes 32, 34, 36 only. <. «
1 Sailor Hats • . I
| at 50c each. 1
| SPECIAL— LADIES' ROUGH STRAW SAILOR HATS. This |
9 season's best block, with either white or black bands— 2
S a hat that sells everywhere but here for $1.00. 1
O 4
AJVEB'nssaigtJTs.
—OF
HIGH ART
FRENCH NOVELTY
• —CONSISTING OF—
Brocaded Silk Bareges, Silk and Wool
Novelties and Silk and Wool
Novelty Crepons.
These goods we purchased from a French manufac-
turer. They are all this season's goods, latest stales
and colors, and will be sold bu us LESS THAN HALF
THE PRICE OF IMPORTATION.
We will also have on sale this week a large importation
Of GENUINE BLACK ENGLISH SILK MOHAIR AND
WOOL MOHAIR BLACK CREPONS at SI. OO, $1.25
and $1.50 per yard, Former prices were S1.75,
$2.00 and $2.50 per uard.
We invite an earlu inspection of above COLORED AND
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Slime & Company
Will Cose Their Store
at
3 P. M. on Saturdays
nnd other business days
At 5 P. M.,
June 30th to September ist
inclusive
Market and Post Streets.
Attention Is Invited to a special sale cf
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We have received this month nearly on*
hundrei n«rw thlr.es '.n PNETMATIC TIKE
BICYCLE GEAR WAGONS, with wire
wheels ar.d wetth wood hub wh^ls. These
wagons are a success, and cur Fto^k Is
more complete that ever, at prices ranging
From SI30 Upward.
We enow the finest things built In Pneu-
matic Waeor.f, arvJ at jTices which hav«»
not been equaled heretcfc.re.
7his is c Special Opportunity.
studebaker"bros. I
Market ar.d Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
VIN MARIANI
MARIAN! WISE-WORLD' FAMOUS TONIC
It Improves the arpetlte ar.d also has a re-
r:;arkr..ble tffeet in strengthening the voice and
maintaining Its tone. For the latter reason.
Joined with the tonic action of the entire sys-
tem, it is largely employed by clergymen, law-
yers, teachers, sing- rs and actors.
Sold by ail druppists. Refuse Substitutes.
NEW WESTER."* HOTEL,
KEAIINY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. Kuropc-aa plan. Kooms, tOc to II &O day
|: to JS week: ft to J?0 month. Free baths; hot
ar.d cold water ever}- room: lire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
P ft FT FiniMf Cora* Fourth and
UnlL nUlHL £**°!™i L^
Be. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Prices Cut
China
Crockery
(Jlasswarc
Some Articles Cut 30%
Some Articles Cut 20%
Come Just to Look
Great American Imncrtifli Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
HO-m Grant Avt. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
561 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Btztb St.
ta6 Hayes St. Dt Third St.
1419 Polk St. tn Montgomery AT*
2518 Mission St. 106 Laricin St.
tCC6 Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Hairht St.
?00S Ftllmor* St. S2S5 Mission St.
12 ilarltet St. 2723 Z4tb St. '.%*.
OAKLAND STORES.
10S3 Waahlnstoa St. IIS E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11S5 UA AT*.
1510 Seventh St. Wi Park At.. At.^-i^
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Go-Carts and Baby Carriages.
33. 5O to S25.OO.
Tho convenience and comfort and cheap-
ness of Go-Carts are bringing them into
great favor ev«ry day. We have an Im-
mense stock of them. Baby Carriages,
too, Jn large variety.
Send nve cent* in stamns for
postaee on new furniture catalog.
THE X NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
IO/7-IO33 MISSION STREET,
¦K ¦¦:- . ABOVE SIXTH.
Phone Sonti li. Sia Traneiseo.
ORIENTAL
SPECIAL SALE.
25 Per Cent Discount on Our Entire
Stock of
ORIENTAL .GOODS.
Consisting of
RARE RUGS AND CARPETS, KELIM
AND BAGDAD CURTAINS.
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
Ninth and Market Sts., S. F.Cezient Workers Entertain.
The first annual gathering of the San
Francisco cement-workers was he!d at
Teutonia Hall. Howard street, last nigh*.
Over -I0O members of the union w-?re pres
ent and enjoyed themselves to their
hearts' content. Short ."peeches wera
made bv President O. A. Tveitmoe. P. H.
McCarthy. Phil Hyr.es. John Peter*. Tom
Collins. Ed Longtvin. Burt Keogh ancl
John Foley. Others contributed to the
evenings entertainment with «ongs and
recitation?. A smoker with refreshments
was in order during th-» evening. The
cement- workers are amor.~ the moa»t
strongly organized labor uriions of the
city.
¦WASHINGTON, Jure 16.— The action of
the health authorities In making renewed
efforts to prevent persons who may have
been exposed to the plague from leaving
San Francisco and California is ex
plained by the following dispatch from
Surgeon Kinyoun at San Francisco, the
dispatch having been received by the Sur
geon General of the Marine Hospital Ser
vice June 14:
"If the Federal court orders the aban
donment of the Health Board cordons
about Chinatown, thereby permitting per
sons from infected districts to travel from
the city, I will, unless otherwise directed,
enforce the regulations of May 22 against
persons leaving San Francisco for other
States. I will instruct common carriers
to refuse transportation to all persons de
siring to leave San Francisco to go to
other States unless having a certificate
of a marine hospital officer. I will re
inforce guards at State lines and also no
tify the Health Boards of all surrounding
States of the actual conditions existing
here."
The order of May 22 was based upon a
report sent by the Surgeon General to the j
Secretary cf the Treasury, m which he
enclosed a memorandum showing the ex
istence of the bubonic plague In China
town, in San Francisco. He then refju*.-st
ed the promulgation of such regulations
as might be necessary to prevent the
spread of the disease from one State or
Territory to another.
"Dhese regulations provided that "no
common carrier shall accept for transpor
tation any person suffering with plague
or any article infected therewith, nor shall
common carriers accept for transporta
tion any class of persons who may be des
ignated by the Surgeon General of the
Marine Hospital Service as being likely to
convey the risk cf plague contagion to
other communities and said common car
riers shall be subject to inspection."
This order was originally directed
against Asiatics, but since it has been
found that no discrimination can be al
lowed all persons are subject to the regu
lations. The Inspection service has been
in operation since May 22. the date of the
order, but as Chinatown was surrounded
by a health cordon it was unnecessary to
carry out its provisions in their entirety.
The cordon having, been removed, how
ever, stricter precautions are to be taken
YTMA. Ariz.. June 16.— Dr. Mitchell
sanitary inspector at this point, has re
ceived instructions from the marine board
in San Francisco to allow no passengers
from San Francisco to pass the State line
into the Territory of Arizona unless ac
companied by a certificate signed by a
Marine Hospital officer.
NEEDLES: June 15. — A quarantine has
been established here, and no person will
be permitted to leave California unless
provided with a certificate. The inspector
will be stationed at Blake, a station on
the Santa Fe route at the Arizona and
r-alifnr-rifn lino
CONFUSION ON
THE WATER FRONT
Dr. Kinyoun was the busiest man on the
front yesterday. His edict brought hun
dreds of people to the new ferry depot
and about 4 p. m. thore was hardly pas
sageway in the grand nave.
The quarantine officer issued his orders
not only to the railroad companies and the
mail steams-hip lines, but the local steam
ers were also notified that every passen
ger must have a certificate Issued by the
United States Quarantine- Onice before
they could leave the city. To-day the
steamer Orizaba leaves for Eureka, and
while many of the passengers have re-
WATSON VILLE IS FREE
FROM TAINT OF PLAGUE
WATSOXVILLE. June 15.— The news that the State had been quar
antined on account of the discovery of a bubonic plague case in
this city was indeed a surprise to the people and particularly to
the physicians of this city. Dr. B. J. Lloyd, representing United
States Quarantine Officer Kinyoun. came quietly to Watsonvilie last
Wednesday. The first physician he visited was Dr. Guy Miller, who intro
duced him to Dr. P. K. Waters, who has the principal Chinese and Japan
ese practice here. The latter took Dr. Lloyd to Brooklyn, across the river,
where the Chinese and Japanese live, and showed -him the residents. There
¦was only one case of sickness there at the time and that was a woman who
was suffering from a simple complaint.
Dr. Waters informed Dr. Lloyd that there had been' only one death in
Chinatown in the last six weeks. Dr. Lloyd on the conclusion of his visit
congratulated the people, here on the cleanliness of the Mongolian section
and reported to Drs. Waters and Mitler that there was no sign of plague
here in any form. Chinatown here is owned by the John T. Porter estate.
and it has always been the boast of the owners and the people that there
were not more modern and up-to-date Mongolian quarters in the State. A
few of the leading physicians were interviewed at a late hour here to-night
and reported as follows:
Dr. S. C. Rodgers— It Is simply ridiculous. There is not now and never has
been a case of plague in this city. It is the rankest kind of a slander and a
falsehood.
Dr. P. K. Waters— I took Dr. Lloyd, the United States Health Officer,
through Chinatown. We made a thorough inspection and I showed him the
only case of sickness there. He emphatically said there were no signs of
plague here and congratulated us on the new and. clean Chinatown. In my
opinion, the charge that a case of plague exists here is absolutely false.
Dr. Guy Miller — Dr. LJoyd called on me Wednesday, and I referred him to
Dr. Waters. After having visited Chinatown with Dr. Waters he called on me
again before leaving and said there was no case of plague In Chinatown; there
was only one person sick there, and that was a woman who was suffering
from a simple complaint. He found Chinatown's condition first class. In my
opinion, the charge is false.
Graduates at Banquet Board.
The graduates of the Crocker Gramma-
School. fifty-eight in number, celebrated
their unvarying successes cf the year by
giving a delightful party in Devi&a3er:w
street Hall on Wednesday evening. -
Th^ musical programme 'was arrarsr-d
by Mi?s E. B. Wade, assisted by ilisa
Mae Gibson, Miss Hazel Wir.dmiiler and
Alfred Urry. Wreathed in ros*-* and con
spicuously displayed f-zx the platform were
the trophies won by the Crocker athtet'c
teams. At 11 o'clock the principal. W. H.
Edwards, escorting Mist Haze! Windmi!
ler. led the way to the banquet hall, where
a sumptuous repast was serve 'L
The success of the evening was duo to
the untiring efforts of Mrs. H. J. Bain.
Miss Edra Mohr and Miss Carrie Schu
macher, Masters Lester Hink ar.d Harry
Ki*fer.
The medalists of the clas3 were: Robert
Young. Hazel Windmiller. Carrie Schu
macher. May Worthington and Mervya
Tiddy.
Hororaries: Clotilde Devany. E!si Hirlc.
Ethlyn Dulin. Edith Grey. Edna ttohr
Hazel Mangel?. Hazel McCnr }. Ltiey Gi'l.
Ethel Holme* ar.d Frances Creightoa.
RESIGNS FROM
HEALTH BOARD
Dr. L. Bazet yesterday sent his resigna
tion as a member of the State Board of
Health to the Governor. Dr. Bazefs let
ter to the chief, executive Is brief and to
PEOPLE OF THE
SOUTH SUFFER
LOS ANGELES. June li-The following
telegram was received to-day by Dr. Pow
ers: "Federal Court dissolves quarantine
imposed by local Board of Health on Chi
nese district. On account of eleven deaths
from plague, occurring from March 7 to
June 2, would suggest precautionary
measures be instituted against all persons
coming 1 from infected district. Have no
tified common carriers under the law cf
1SS0 to refuse transportation to all persons
leaving San Francisco for other States' un
less provided with certificates signed by
Marine Hospital officer."
When the Federal order wa3 received
by Los Angeles railroad officials they were
dumfounded. the general majiager decid
ing to await results. If the quarantine is
enforced at Yuma the people will fee
dumped on the Colorado desert in Cali
fornia west of the river without a roof
for shelter, a bed or a, meal.
£1 Paso has issued orders that every
one must be out of the infected district
fifteen days before they can pass the
State line. Colorado has quarantined
against all San Frar.clsco Chinese. Lead
ins citizens of Los Angeles are unanimous
in the opinion that if the plague does ex
ist all towns should protect themselves,
and if not the persons who are engineer
ing .the scare to the detriment of the
State should be bitterly denounced.
Mcnros School Entertainment.
The graduation exerc-Ues of th? children
cf the Monroe School, on ML»sion road,
took place on Friday afternoon. Principal
Miss Annie M. Hasarty and her seven as
sistants were present to congratulate tbe'r
pupiU. The seventh and eighth grade
pupils who by virtue of their promotion
leave the Monroe School for the Horao*
Maan Grammar School were visibly af
fected at partin,? with their principal.
Mi53 Beckwith of the Horace Mann es
pecially congratulated Mi*3 Hagarty en
the high standing of her pupUs who were
transferred to tfcat Institution oso year
ago.
ment and she had not fully recovered at
a late hour this evening. She and her
son were on their way to Philadelphia.
The other two passengers are taking
things easy and seemed rather pleased to
stop over. Their tickets called for Coun
cil Bluffs and return.
People here consider that the quaran
tine is an unwarranted outrage upon the
people of Calffornia. The following is the
message received by Sanitary Inspector
McQuesten from Dr. Kinyoun:
"Federal officers ordered raising of
quarantine. Do not allow passengers to
cross State line without certificate from
chief surgeon of Marine Hospital."
GUARDS ON THE
OREGON BORDER
ASHLAND, Or.. June 15.— As yet no pas
sengers from San Francisco have been
detained in enterin? Oregon on the South
ern Pacific Railroad on account of the
bubonic plague precautions at San Fran
cisco. Dr. G.' H. McGeer. acting a-ssistant
surgeon of the United States Marine Hos
pital Service, ha? examined about thirty
Chinese and Japanese passengers enterin?
Oregon, ail of whom he found in a sani
tary condition.
Last evening Dr. McGeer received orders
from Dr. Kinyoun at San Francisco that
in future all passengers leaving San Fran
cisco, without respect to nationality, must
have a. certificate of health from the
United States Hospital Service. The first
train to arrive since the new order will
reach Ashland this afternoon.
Dr. McGeer has gone to meet the train
at Siskiyou to facilitate the work of quar
antine examination.
QUARANTINE AT
THE NEVADA LINE
RENO. Nev., June 16.— Dr. C. A. Mc-
Questen. Government Sanitary Inspector,
who has been stationed in this city for
the past month looking: for bubonic
plague cases on trains from the West,
was ordered last evening by Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun. chief Government inspecting of
ficer of San Francisco, to proceed at once
to Truckee, Cal., and to allow no pas
sengers from San Francisco, traveling
East, to pass that station without pre
senting a clean certificate of health,
signed by the officials of the United
States Marine Hospital of that city. Dr.
McQuesten says that two United States
officers will be at Truckee to-night to as
sist him in carrying out his orders. He
will go to Truckee on the first train out
to enter immediately upon the discharge
of his duties.
TRAVELERS TAKEN
FROM A TRAIN
TRITCKEE. June 16.— Considerable ex
citement was occasioned this evening
when passenger train No. 4 arrived. San
itary Inspector McQuesten took off the
train four passengers who did not have
clearance from the chief sur
geon of the marine hospital corp3. Mrs.
Peace, an elderly lady, who la In poor
health, accompanied by her son, C. H.
Peace, were two of the passengers "re
moved from the train. .Mrs. Peace was
nearly overcome by the unusual excite-
ceived their certificates, others know
nothing about the order. There will con
sequently be considerable confusion when
the steamer is about to sail this morn:ng.
tariy yesteraay morning tne man
steamship lines posted notices that no
passengers would be carried. The Pacific
Mail. Occidental ar.d Oriental and Toyo
KLsen Kaisha notified all passengers that
jntil the quarantine was raised the ves
-eis would carry freight only. Seattle and
Facoma stand ready to quarantine all ves
-?¦Is that leave this port for fourteen days,
md the chances are that the Walla
A'aJla. which arrived here yesterday, will
not take out any passengers when she
•ails again unless the quarantine is raised.
COOMBS DID NOT
URGE QUARANTINE
BERKELEY. June 1*5.— Regarding the
quarantining of the State by Dr. Kinyoun,
United States District Attorney H, L.
Ccornb:* said: "As to the advice I gave
Dr. Kinyoun regarding the quarantine I
cannot divulge. That is a secret and must
be had from others. I will say. however,
that the quarantine was established with
out my knowledge. Dr. Kinyoun quaran
tined the State without asking my advice.
I gave him advice over the plague often,
however, when Governor Gage was in the
room. You must go to the Governor for
anything concerning that advice. I am
not at liberty to state -what it was. If I
should do so my department would hold
me responsible.
"With regard to the deputizing: cf the
inspectors of the Federal authorities,
again I cannot say anything. You, of
course know that the inspectors were not
made deputies. The Marshal has that
matter in charge and will give you any in
formation he sees lit. I cannot talk and
mflst not until given permission. You
must seek Governor Gage and the Mar
shal for news."
Incidents in the Outrage of the State Quarantine.
eavir.g the city unk-ss he would consent
:o be' inoculated with the Haffkine pro
phylactic sc-rurn.
FEDERAL SOURCE
OF KINYOUN'S ACT
by the Federal authorities, who will allow
no one who has been exposed to the
plague to leave San Francisco or Califor
nia for other States. The Federal author
ities, however, have no control over the
movements of persons within the State.
ON GUARD AT THE
SOUTHERN BORDER
the point and simply requests that his res
ignation be accepted immediately. Dr.
Bazet assigns as his reasons for resigning
from the board the declaration of the
Governor that bubonic plague did not ex
ist in this city, notwithstanding the fre
quent efforts of the local board to declare
the> dread disease epidemic. Dr. Bazet is
also a member of the local board, but it
la understood that he will retain his po
sition.
CHINESE EXCITED
BY WILD RUMORS
The Chinese Six Companies are taktrsr
precautions against any further false
alarms In the shape cf "suspicious case-:"
being placed on record by the Board of
Health. Last nlsht Dra. Plilsbary ar.il
Power reported the death of a Chinese to
the Morgue ar-d will allow the ofScIala of;
that institution to determine the ca'use oC
death. The man. whose name •was M.i •
Tack. ha3 been 111 for the past three
mcr.th3 and during that time has been at
tended by Dr^ Tons We Tons. The
Morgue deputies refused to take the case.
Considerable excitement was caused la
the Chinese quarter last night when a re
port was circulated anon? the Mon
golians that a horde of south o? Market
"toughs" would be turned loose in China
town to accomplish a vengeance for the
Beard of Health. This was inten3iflevl
when another rumor cot In the air that
Chief Sullivan had refused to extend any
pollce protection. Immediately the Chinese
rushed about the streets pellmell and,lhen
into their houses. All the stores colsetl
and* in a few minutes every door tu
made fast by bars. Assurance wa3 soon
given that the rumor had no foundation
and a few of the merchants ventured t«»
reopen their houses for business, but the
major portion of them kept their docra
barred.
MEXICO PLACES US
UNDER THE BAN
MEXICO CITT. June K-Th» Mex'.ean
Government, following: the example set by
Texas. has quarantined asfain.*: Saa
Francisco, and until notice to the contrary
is given all persons who have been in.
San Francisco within a period nf ftft^r-n
days will not be allowed to pass the bor
der until they have remained in fttiaran
tlne for a sufficient length of time to
make up the fifteen, days. The Atexicar*
quarantine relates to passengers only. Th«»
border authorities have the matter in
hand.
Dr. J. J. Kinyoun Strikes a Serious Blow to the State by Arbitrarily
and Without Cause Placing It Under Federal Quarantine.
A danger existed, and to prove
tnat the city is not infected.
When success seemed about to
reward these efforts, when ex
perienced and capable experts
had announced that the piague
is not here, when the Federal
Judges, convinced that a se
rious injury had been done
to California and that the quar
antine in Chinatown should be
raised, Dr. Kinyoun stepped in
and by the exercise of arbitrary
and insolent power quarantined
the State.
He witl give no reason for his
extraordinary action. He offers
nothing to support his gross and
unparalleled injury to the State.
He has permitted to float from
his office a rumor that p!2gue had
been discovered at Watsonvilie.
Inquiry has demonstrated that
the rumGr was an outrageous
falsehood. This condition of af
fairs has excited the people of
the State to a pitch of indigna
tion. Irreparable injury is threat
ened to the industries of the
State. Traffic is demoralized,
passengers are being stopped at
the borders by the agents of the
autocratic Kinyoun, and demoral
ization has settled upon the chief
cities of the State.
Citizens, with a common im
pulse, are appealing to President
As far as any investigation can
prove this action of Dr. Kinyoun
is utterly without warrant. Every
responsible investigator declares
that if the bubonic piague ever
was in San Francisco it is not
here now, and there is abso
lutely nothing to suggest that it
is anywhere else in California.
The people of San Francisco
were using every endeavor to still
apprehension, to convince the
outside world that every neces
sary precaution had been taken
that the most drastic measures
are necessary to prevent the
spread of the bubonic pElgue in
this State.
DR. J. J. KINYOUN, Federal
quarantine officer at this
port has struck a serious blow
at the prosperity of California.
Abusing the autocratic powers
of his position and without-a care
for the consequences of his ex
travagant action, he has placed
the State under quarantine. He
has paralyzed traffic, made the
State an object of fear to the
Union- jeopardizing every finan
cial and industrial interest in
California* and proclaimed to the
world the dangerous falsehood
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16, 1900.
To President McKinley, Washington, D. C.
In accordance with the law of March 27, 1890, and
the regulations thereunder promulgated by you May 21,
1900, the United States Quarantine Officer for San Fran
cisco, in defiance of the decision of the Federal Court that
there is not now and never has been any bubonic plague in
this State, has quarantined the entire State of California.
Under this order no passenger can leave the State by ship
or rail without special certificate from the Quarantine Offi
cer. The indignation of the people of California is beyond
expression. They protest fn the strongest terms against
this most unjust and unwarranted order, and ask that you
at once direct its immediate revocation. Your action in
this regard is of vital importance.
REPUBLICAN STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALI
FORNIA.
By WILLIAM ML CUTTER, Secretary and State Senator.
¦
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16, 1900.
The President, Washington, D. C.
I fully indorse telegram sent you in my absence by
Secretary Cutter, and earnestly urge immediate action in
favor of our people. Every interest is at stake.
GEORGE STONE,
Chairman Republican State Central Committee.
McKir.ley to put a stop to the out
rage, which is unparalleled in the
history of California, and which
appears to have no other motive
than to gratify the lust of author
ity of an irresponsible agent of
the Federal Government.
HOW THE STATE
WAS QUARANTINED
The following is a copy of the notice
! served upon the Southern Pacific Com
pany by Dr. Kinyoun:
Ofice cf the Medical OfSeer in command.
Marine Hospital Service.
San Francisco quarantine.
SAN FTtAN'CISCO. Cal.. June IS, HBO.
Jkrath'm PaclSc Company. Sa.n Krancisco.
Cal.— G»r.t!<?rr.en: In acccr-iine-? with th« law of
March 17. 1130. ani the rejru'atior.s ma i* th?re
un-i-rr ar.-i rrrn:u';Fat»<I fcy order cf the Presi
dent ucjer date d Mar -1, 1»\ ycu an» herebr
notiSe<I ani direct?-! until further criers not to
issue trar.sr<;rtat!oii to any cne leaving Pan
Francisco fnr ether States or Territories of the
Coftcd State? unless en presentation cf certifi
cate 5)sri€i br a Marine Hcypitai officer. In
ypectors cf the Marine H"«3ita! s«rrice now
j etatiene-i at the State bcrier have b»en in
| ¦traeted to allow no puae&gen coming t^om
! San Francisco to pa?s th* Carters cf the State
on zr.y cenmnrn carrier unless a certif.ctte is
FBrnisbedL T>iis has b^«?n ma1» necessary en
accoust cf the Uiiir.g of the quarantine by -ir
der of the Federal court, thereby a!!owir.ar peo
ple who have pooIUj been exposed to the infec
tion cf r'-a8"J* to leave this city for ether State*!
BCTprt fatly. J. KixTOtrx.
Sargp^n 11. H. S.. Quarantine Officer.
The operation of the State quarantine
began yesterday morning. Up to a late
hcur fn the afternoon ticket sellers at the
ferry refused to sell tickets for points
within this State unless the purchaser pre
sented a certificate of health from the
United States quarantine officer. As late as
3 o'clock in the afternoon quarantine in
spectors, en being- asked whether it was
necessary to obtain a certificate to go to
some point within the boundaries of this
State, replied that it would be safer to
have a certificate than to be without one. !
Later than that hour the inspectors Issued
certificates for interior points without ;
notifying the passenger that such certi- i
Scate was not necessary. One of these !
certificates was giver, for Treka and an- |
other for Fresno. Four inspectors were i
kept busy a!l the day in the Quarantine
OfSee in the ferry depot building issuing
the certificates.
The only questions asked of the ap- !
j plicants were the following: "What is |
I your name? Wl-ere were you born? Your !
(ape? Your height? Distinguishing marks,,-]
if any? Where is your residence? Where:
! are you coins? When are you point? to j
j ?tart? How mar.y pieces of baggage have !
you?" The applicant is then requested to I
J indorse the certificate, after which it is !
signed and stamped with the seal of the j
quarantine office. The certificate contains 'j
answers to all the foregoing questions ex- !
cept as to the piace of destination and the |
time of departure. No questions are asked i
as to whether the applicant has been in !
Chinatown or ha? been exposed to the bu- '
bonic plague or any other contagious dis
ease or whether he has contracted a con- !
I taeicus disease.
United States Marshal Shine said yester- ;
day. in discussing the matter, that last |
May when Dr. Kinyoun established a !
quarantine on all Asiatics leaving this
city he called upon Marshal Shine and i
requested the Marshal to appoint as Dep- ;
uty United States Marshals the quarantine !
Inspectors to be designated by Dr. Kin- j
I youn. Mr. Shine refused. Last Thurs- 1
day. the day before United States Circuit !
Judge Morrow rendered his opinion that
Che quarantine was illegal and uncalled !
for. Dr. Kinyoun repeated his request of 1
the Marshal, and the Marshal again re- !
fused.
Ucited States District Attorney Coombs
said that' he advised Dr. Kinyoun yester- j
'< day to raise the quarantine — that* he was j
doing wrong in putting it on after the de
cision of Judge Morrow. In the cor.Nmpt !
proceedings to-morrow morning it will b« ]
Mr. Coombs' duty to appear in defense j
of Dr. Kinyoun in his capacity as a Fed- J
eral official, and his duty will require him
to defend the doctor from punishment for |
contempt of court if he believes that no
contempt •was committed-
Judge Morrow was visited in his cham
bers yesterday afternoon by John Keough, j
Samuel M. Shortridge and John E. Ben- '
nett. and at their request issued a cita- !
tion commanding Dr. Kinyoun to appear j
before him to-morrow at II a. m. and )
show cause why he should not be pun- j
ished for contempt of the Injunction here- I
tofore issued by the court in the matter j
of Wong Wai. who had complained that j
Dr. Kinyoun had prevented him frozn I
CALIFORNIA IS A SUBJECT TO
AN UNPARALLELED OUTRAGE
SAX FRAXCISCO. SUXDAY, JUXE 17, 1900.
Pap 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32Seme one has calculated that the post
men of Ixmdon walk, together, pomethincr
like 4?."<>0 miles per day— a distance equal
to twice the circumference of the globe.
QUAKERS LOSE A GAME.
New York Bats Out a Victory In the
Ninth Inning.
CORRECT 6TANDINQ OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs- W. L.Pct. Clubs- W. I* Pet.
Philadelphia 29 16 .644 Chicago 21 24 .467
Brooklyn ....28 16 .63fi St. Louis 20 24 .4o5
Boston 21 22 .4S8 New York... 18 24 .423
Plttsburg ...23 25 .479 Cincinnati ..17 26 .Site
PHILADELPHIA, June 16.— New York se
cured but "five hits off Orth up to the ninth
Inning, when they rpade five successive singles
for a total oi four runs. Philadelphia had the
Game well In hand and the slUKKlng of the
visitors was a surprise. Attendance, 2000.
Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
N>w York 8 10 2
Philadelphia B » 0
Batteries— Carrlck and Bowerman; Orth and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslie. 1
BOSTON. June 16.— Dlnneen'a lurid box work
In the eighth Inning, coupled with a single axid
Cross's home run, gave Brooklyn four runs
and the game to-day. Nops, though batted
hard, was effective when men were on bases,
Atendance, 7000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 6 12 S
Brooklyn 7 11 4
Batteries — Dlnneen. Clarke and Sullivan;
Nops and McOulre. Umpire— O' Day.
*f?T. LOUIS, June 16.— St. Louis tied to-day's
same in the ninth. Inning-. Jones, who took
Powell's place at this point, was wild, and
after filling; the bases retired in favor of
Hughey. The latter was slaughtered and Cin
cinnati won easily. Attendance, S000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louis 8 11 1
Cincinnati 9 15 1
Batteries— Jones. Hughey. Powell and Crlger;
Ilahn and I'eitz. Umpire — Terry.
PITTSRTJRG, June 15.—Green, Chicago's
rlght-flelder. was » blc ractor In the came to
day. He spoilPd several three-bapgers by ex
cellent work. The pitchers were all hit hard.
Attendance, 4700. Score: ,
Clubs— It. H. E.
FIttsburg 5 12 3
Chicago S 13 2
Batteries—Chesbro. Tannehlll, CConner and
Schrlver; Klllen and Chance. Umpire—Swart
wood, . .
? I
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS. June IS.— Minneapolis, 5;
Cleveland. 1."
MILWAUKEE. June 16.— Milwaukee. 8; Buf
fal«. 0.
CHICAGO, June 16.— Chicago, 0; Indian
ai>oli£. 6. * •
KANSAS CITY, June 18.— Kansas City, 4;
Detroit. 3.
Stockton 7, Oakland 2.
Randolph Bercns of the great Churchill
line, the man who was "easy money" for
Bunko Steerer "Kid" Brown at the Pal
ace Hotel FVlday afternoon, went to the
baseball game yesterday at Recreation
Park. His judgment was that the Dudes
were "nice young fellows, don't you know,
but they can't— really they can't, you
know — get any of my money."
Bcrens learned his American poker in
Spain and drank of the fount of baseball
somewhere in the Orient, yet he knew
this time that no game was being played
upon him. It was so slow and full of
everything but life and action. "Ah, why
don't they move? It's not like cricket,
not a bit," he Bald very loud and strong.
When told that Oakland's team was com
posed of nine Brummels, he agreed, say
ing:
"That is It, but they really are not men
of fashion, are they?
Borchers twirled for Oakland and the
Millers found him eight times, most of
ths hits coming in the last part of the
game. Whalen was a bit too strong for
the Dudes, who could not untwist his
curves. The one feature of the game waa
a pretty catch by Lockhead, who ascend
ed to the skiog and pulled down a hot one
that was meant for left Held. ™
The Dudes demonstrated that they were
not tucked under the covers in the lirst
inning. Drennan walked to the first sack,
advancing to second on a passed ball and
third on Lanije's out. Then came the
premier bntsman of the league, Hutchin
son, who swatted the ball for a three
bagger, scoring Drennan. After Moskl
man's out Hutchinson crossed the plate
on Franck's hit. Dunleavy's out retired
the side.
Not until the flfth did the Millers get a
man over the plate. With Courtney gone.
Morrow surprised even the Oakland mas
cot by rolling the ball out to the flag
pole and throe packs was his portion. On
Whalen's out Morrow scored.
In the seventh the Millers came to and
shot a couple of men over the plate be
causo Oakland's -untouchable outfield for
got to gum their hands. Moore drove a
long one to Moskimun, who failed to sticlc
to the ball, .and Courtney, next up. sent
one to far center, which fell out of t)ren
nan's right hand, Moore going -to third.
Un Morrow\s hit along the third sack line
both men scored. Then came the three
outs that sent Stockton to the field.
The last of the seventh warmed up a
bit. Three Dudes crowded the sacks for
a time, but that was all there was to it.
They froze and played monuments.
Stockton did a bit of stick work In the
eighth, and It was all over for the Dudea.
Babbitt swatted a hard one to Dunleavy,
who dropped the ball after a hard run.
Hahbltt made second on the play, scoring
on Lockhead's single, who in turn ecorea
on Pace's single. Pace rounded the bags,
making the third run.
In the ninth Morrow added another run
for Stockton. The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Streib, 1 b 4 0 0 0 17 0 0
Xteblitt. 2 b 5 10 10 4 0
lxackhead. as 5 12 12 6 1
l'ace. c 3 1112 0 0
McCarthy, l.'t.t * 0 0 0 1 0 0
Moore. 3 b? 4 1 1 1 2 \S 1
Courtney, c. t 4 1110 0 0
Morrow, r. f 4 12 12 0 0
Whalen. p 3 1 1 1 1 8 0
Totals 38 7 8 7 27 16 S
• OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. t 4 10 0 3 0 0
Lane?-. 3 b 4 0 0 0 11 0
Jlutohlnson. 1 b...... 40 1 0 13 0 0
Mosklnian, 1. f 3 1 0 0 2 0 1
Krancks. sa 4 0 2 0 3 2 1
Dunleavy, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
ArrelantP. I b 4 0 10 17 0
SknifM-rma, c 2 0 0 0 4 3 0
Borehers, n 4 0 10 0 1 1
Total* :..S2 2 5 0 27 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ...'.0 0 0 0 10 3 8 1—7
Hase hits 0 0 0 1 1 0 2 S 1— S
Oakland 2 0 0 0 0,0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 2 0 0 v 0 0 0 2 0 1-5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Borchers 3. Whalen 1.
TRree-baye hits— Hutchinson, Morrow. Two
base hit— Lockhead. Sacrifice hit— Strelb. First
base on errors— Stockton 2, Oakland 2. First
hnse on called ball*— Stockton 3. Oakland 4.
Leu on bases— Stockton 6, Oakland S. fctruck
Dudes Were Not Out With
Sharp Eyes for Whalen's
Hot Curves.
OAKLAND LOSES
TO STOCKTON IN
A SLOW CONTEST
Judge Murasky dealt a facer to th» pool
rooms in a decision rendered yesterday in
which he declares that they are places
which are a detriment to public morals.
His decision was on a demurrer of the
city to the suit of Harry E. Corbett, who
wished to have an injunction granted that
would restrain the city from arresting
him for keeping his poolrooms open. The
city demurred to the complaint, and it
-was agreed that the case should be de
cided upon the demurrer. The demurrer
was sustained, which means that Corbett
has lost his suit
In rendering Judgment Judge Murasky
makes a pejint of the difference between
public policy and public morals. He says:
PoolBelling and bookmaking involve betting.
In many States all kind3 of wagering are pro
hibited, but not so In California. By the com
mon law, which governs us when the statutes
do not apply, only those wagers which involved
a breach of the peace or were in their nature
against public policy— such as bets upon elec
tions, upon the price of food or upon the judg
ment of a court— were Invalid, and all others
were legal and recoverable at law. The Su
preme Court adopted this rule, and by its de
cisions Certain classes of wagers were recog
nized as valid. Johnston vs. Russell. 37 Cali
fornia, 670. In Gridley vs. Dorn, 57 California,
which is the last utterance of the Supreme
Court directly upon the subject, the cuurt,
while expressing its belief that all wagering
was against sound policy and therefore void,
recognized the existence of the rule laid* down
In -Johnston vs. Ruesell.
But while some waserlns may not be against
public policy or even against good morals, It
cannot be said that the practice of wagering
cr the maintenance of a place where wagering
may evolve from a paetlme into an occupation.
Is in conformity with good morals., That this
Is bo la apparent from the policy of the com
mon law, which legalized gaming, but con
demned excessive wagering and prohibited pub
lic earning houses. It is the Continuous in
dulgence in wagering that is contrary to good
morals. "At common law gambling in and of
Itself was not a nuisance, but became so when
accompanied by incidents tending to the dis
comfort, disorder or demoralization of society."
Kwlgart vs. the People, 154 111., 296. Among
those incidents was gambling publicly and ex
cessively. In the same case It was held that
the mere gathering of people about the betting
rooms of the Garfleld Park Club waa demoral
izing. It la true that poolselllng was forbidden
by law In Illinois, but the languag* is used
without reference to the statute.
The court Is compelled to find that the main
tenance of a place wherein wagering- may be
constantly Indulged In, no matter how inno
cent the events upon which the wagers ara
laid, nor how Innocent the bets In themselves
may be, Is against good morals, as the phrasa
Is used in section 1667. k as It was against the
sound policy of the common law.
While bookmaking and poolselllng are not
gambling as denned by law, nor the mainten
ance of a bookmaklng business prohibited, I
am compelled to find that the recitals In plain
tiff's bill bring him within the provisions "of
subdivision 3 of section 1667 of the Civil Code,
and that under those circumstances he Is not
entitled to relief In a court of equity, but must
obtain whatever redress he may at law.
He Declares That They Are
Against Public Morals
and Policy.
MURASKY TSKES
A FALL OUT OF
THE POOLROOMS
out— By Borehers 3, by Whalen 2. Passed ball
—Pace. Time of game— 2 hours. Umpire-
Graves. Official scorer— J. \V. Stapleton.
Uncle's Men Win Again.
SACRAMENTO. Juno 16.— The San
Francisco baseball team defeated the lo
cals to-day"*by a score of 8 to 7 In one
of the most exciting finishes seen here
this year. The game was replete, with
long drives, among which were five
home runs, two by Hanlon and one each
by Eagan, Krug and Fitzpatrlck. Hughes
was touched for t thirteen hits, six of
which, In the seventh inning, netted half
a dozen runs. Fitzpatrlck was relieved In
the seventh, Iburg pitching out the game
and retaining the lead to the end. Score:
BACRAilENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
McLauRhlln, If 2 0 0 0 10 0
Devereaux, 3 b 6 0 116 10
Eagan. s. s 3 3 10 13 0
Hughes, p 5 2 10 0 10
Hanlon, 1 b 4 2 8 18 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 1 0 7 1 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Shanahan, cf 4 fe 0 0 1 0 1
Stulz, 2 b 4 0 10 3 3 0
Totals 34 7 8 2 27 9 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, cf 5 12 0 110
Hlldebrand, rf 5 0 3 0 8 0 0
S'hwartz, 2 b. v 5 1 2 0 S 2 0
Sullivan, c 4 110 6 10
Pabst, lb 6 0 1 0 11 0 0
Reitz, b. s 3 110 110
KrufT, If 8 2 10 3 0 0
Reiliy, 3 b 3 1 1 0 1 3 J
Fitzpatrick. p 3 110 0 3 1
Iburg. p 1 0 0 J> _1 J>
Totals 37 S 13 0 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 01020100-7
Base hits 2 11020200—8
San Francisco 0 0 10 0 0 8 1 0-8
liase hits 1 12 0 0X61 1—13
6TJMMART.
Runs responsible for— Hughes 7, FHzpatrlck
6. Iburs 1. Home runs— Hanlon (2). EaKan,
Krug. Fitzpatrick. Three-basa hits—Hild«s
brand. Hughes. Two-base hit— Sullivan. Sac
rifice hit— Rellly. First base on errors—Sacra
mento 1. First base on called baHa—Sacra
mento 6, San Francisco 3. Left on bases-Sao
ranwnto 6. San Francisco. 6. Struck out-By
Hughes 6. by Fitzpatrlck 1. by Iburg 2. Double
plavs— Devereaux (unassisted); Brocknoil to
Reitz; Ka«an to Stulz to Devereaux. Passed
ball-Sullivan. Wild pitch— Fitzpatrlok. Time
of game-One hour and fifty-five mlnutea. Um
pire—Donohue. Official scorer-G. A. Griffin.
Easan6 b;,.. . staoin mh mh rah mh mil mhmn
Good start. Won ridden out; place the same. Winner, bay hor«e by Islington-Songstress.
Ethelbert was In a bad pocket to the last quarter. Imp and Beraud ran each other into
the trround.
FOF^/W OF THE SUBURBAN.
Jean Beraud a neck' in front of Imp and
Imp but a neck In front of Kinley Mack,
which was a half length ahead of Gulden.
Ethelbert still loped along, three lengths
back, although the time was three sec
onds slower than that made In the match
race with Jean Beraud only a short while
ago.
Around the upper turn they went, no
change being made In the pace. Thir
teen seconds more ticked off on the tlm.
ers' watch before the seven-furlong pole*
was passed. Imp was faltering; so waa
Jean Beraud. but the neck he had over
Imp was now a length. McCue then came
sailing along with Kinley Mack. Turner
noticed it, dug his heels Into the quiver
ing flanks of Jean Beraud. and the gal
lant son of His Highness responded Jo the
best of his ability. He did nobly for a
few seconds and then again began to fall
back. He soon Joined Imp, which also
had about enough of the race.
Aa the horses rounded the upper turn
and sailed into the short straight Kinley
Mack was In front,' a length to the good
over Jean Beraud, while the three-year
old Gulden was looming up dangerously
close, having passed Imp. The black
mare was falling back upon Ethelbert,
whose rider, Maher, had at last urged
him along into flfth place. It was a little
late for the move, but there were hopes
in the minds of those who had pinned
their faith to the Belmont horse that he
might still land the rich stake. The turn
was passed and the ludges stand was In
sight. Kinley Mack was swinging along,
not In the least bit of a hurry. Jean Be-'
raud was spent completely and dropped
back toward the rear. Imp was hang
ing on to fourth place and to Ethelbert.
Ethelbert's Gallant Struggle.
Like a whirlwind Ethelbert was coming
through the stretch. Maher was digging
in his heels In a frantic effort to make up
ths immense amount of ground he had
lost during the first mile of his Journey,
and shouts of encouragement were roared
at him from the crowd. The Belmont en
try was eating up the ground in great
bounds as he seemed to fairly fly through
the stretch. First Imp was met and
passed as If she were standing still. Then
there was Gulden to reckon with, and the
three-year-old looked as If he was an
chored, so fast did Ethelbert leave him in
the rear. Now there was a furlong to
go and the great crowd began to shout
•'Ethelbert!" as if to help the gallant
thoroughbred along. There was no use
.for Maher to spur or flog him. The horse
knew what was wanted of him, and, rfST
if In resentment of the pull on him during
the early part of the race, he gathered
himself together, dug his toes into the
yielding earth and seemed fairly to crouch
and spring with each space-devouring
stride.
It ,was heart-breaking to see that gal
lant? thoroughbred, with fire In his eyes,
his red nostrils flaring and his heart beat-
Ing hard with every stride, doing his best
to overtake KInley Mack, but it was a
hopeless task. Foot by foot he cut down
the great lead, but the distance was too
short, and as they rushed pa3t the wire
Kinley Mack was the victor by a length
and a half over Ethelbert, having run the
last quarter in 25 3-5 seconds. Ethelb«rt
made a marvelous race at the last.
McCue waa hoisted Into the floral
Jockey's chair and the vast crowd
cheered, and then a majority of the people
melted away like magic, for most of them
had come down only for the Suburban.
Results:
Five furlongs— Elizabeth M won. Dublin sec
ond. The Rhymer third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
Six furlongs — Rush won, Modrlne second.
Gonfalon third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Double Kvent, five an.l a half furlongs —
Tower of. Candles won. Tommy Atkins second.
Contend third. Time, 1:07 3-5.
The Suburban, one mile and a quarter—KIn
ley Mack won, Ethelbert second. Gulden third.
Time. 2:06 4-5.
Introductory steeplechase, about two ml!ss —
Charagrace won, Plato second. Trillion third.
Time, 4:20 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, on the turf, ¦•lling
—The Amazon won. Nansen second, Posthaste
third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
N- EW YORK. Juno 16.— With a good
track under him and a fine sky
1 above KInley Mack, with McCue
up, took the $10,000 Suburban han
dicap away from the great Ethel
bert to-day at Sneepshead Bay by a
length and a half. Ethelbert was pun
ished hard all the way through the
stretch, but could do no better than get
second place, while Gulden ran third and
Imp and Jean Beraud trailed home in
the ruck.
There waa an enormous crowd at the
track. The horses paraded past the grand
stand to the post soon after 4 o'clock and
•; were promptly lined up in front of the
i barrier, ready for the start. Two false
i breaks were made- in the first ten min
; utea, but about five minutes later the
• starter caught the horses all In line and
j sent them away together.
They went thundering down the stretch
j for the first time with Imp leading, Jean
Beraud in second plact, KInley Mr.ck third
i and Ethelbert fourth, but dropping back
i and' not seeming to care for the position
i he had drawn against the rail: Before
they had completed the lower turn Jean
Beraud poked his head In front of Imp
and they wore running as a pair a length
In front of Kinley Mack, which was in
turn a length to the better of Gulden. The
i great Ethelbert was slowly dropping back
1 and soon took seventh place.
Inch by Inch, foot by foot, Jean Beraud
I slowly slipped away from the others, and
when a half mile had been covered the
pride of the Whitney string had a length
j the better of It In 49Vi seconds, and It sur
! prised the crowd to see the ileet Ethelbert
i away back in the ruck. Next to Jean Be
i raud came the grand mare Imp, with only
a head the advantage over Kinley Mack,
the Brooklyn handicap winner, which waa
hanging on like grim death in spite of the
fact that everybody thought he could run
only In the mud. Gulden was still in
fourth place and the others close up.
Haher Overconfident.
Maher still laid back, though It took
thirteen seconds to run the next furlong,
and ail but Ethelbcrt were beginning to
draw nearer to the leader. Jean Be
raud's margin began to get smaller and
smaller as horses and jockeys tried to get
closer to the leader. They went past the
five-furlong post as If they were in for a
four-mile race instead of a short mile and
a quarter. Thirteen seconds more and the
Eix-furlong pole was reached In 1:15, with
KINLEY MACK THE WINNER
OF THE SUBURBAN HANDICAP
The appointment of Colonel J. F. Burgln
to the position of assistant adjutant gen
eral on the staff of the Second Brigade,
the appointee not .being a member of the
brigade, has given ri.se to the question in
National Guard circles, "Why did the
brigadier general go outside of his own
staff, and even of the brigade, for a mili
tary men capable of filling the olflce — are
there none competent within the bri
gade?" The Question has not been an
swered, but the comments are various.
The following named members of the
National Guard qualified as distinguished
marksmen or lirst class men for the year
IS;-?, according to the report of the inspec
tor general of rille practice, and are en
titled to participate in the championship
contest to be held at Sacramento on July
H. providing they are still members of
the guard at that date:
KevoKer— Lieutenant Colonel L. Barrere, Di
vision Staff, Itt; Major H. A. Wegener. staff
Second Brigade. 1ST; Major H. B. Hosmer, stajt
BeeoPd Brigade, 3s2; Major C. J. liXans. Bta.H
S^-cond Brtrade, Ui; Colonel J. W. Uuthrie,
Second Infantry, 1M; Lieutenant Cclonel E. A.
Fortes, Second Infantry, Major Marlon
I Irkey, Second Iniantrj', 1S3; Lieutenant J. G.
Lee, Ptaflt Secchd Infantry, 1M; Lieutenant A.
J. Plant, staff Second Infantry, U2; Lieutenant
F. Z. Pirkey. staff Second Infantry. 19t; First
Lieutenant G. C. Thaxter, staff Seventh In
fantrj". ISO; Master-at-Arms II. Harxls, staff
Naval Militia, lbO; Lieutenant O. J. Boden,
Troop li. cavalry. 1S2: Lieutenant G. J. Lln
denfeld. Troop li, cavalry, 181; Captain M. J.
Burke. Troop C, cavalry. 181; First Lieutenant
C. J. Fuller, Troop C. cavalry, 1S3; Second Lieu
tenant F. M. Vierra, Troop C, cavalry, 1S4
Sergeant E. Dougherty, Troop C, Cavalry, LSI;
Corporal '3. L. O'Malley, Troop C. cavalry, ISO;
Private O. Kopman. Troop C. cavalry. ISO; Prl
\ate J. H. Klley. Troop C. cavalry. 1S2.
Uifle — Captain Ernest Weyand, \_o. B, Second
Imantry, l'*»; Flnst Lieutenant Thomas Rut
ledpe. Co. i$. Second Infantry. 8H« Second Lieu
tenant Henry Dlckson. Co. Ii, Second Infantry,
1&3; Quartermaster Sergeant J. It. Joseph, Oo.
B. Second Infantry. 200; Sergeant E. C. Her
zlnfrer, Co. U, Second Infantry, 199; Sergeant
II. O. Srcith, Co. li, Second Infantry. 1M; Ser
geant EL J. Brownell, Co. B. Second Infantry,
Voi: Private C. H. llanvllle. Co. B. Second In
fantry. 2t/5; Private \V. A. Sutfln. Co. D, Sec
ond Infantry. 193; Captain J. A. MclLartln, Co.
U, Second Infantry. 132; Sergeant W. Thomp
son, Co. E» Second Infantry. 1?*; Sergeant M.
L. Perkins. Co. E, Second Infantry. 109: Cor
poral B. F. Nutting, Co. E, Second Infantry.
tat; Private C. A. Gardner. Co. E. Second In
fantry, 194; Private K. A. Oardner. Co. K. Sec
ond Infantry, 1S3; Private F. Howerton. Co. K,
Fecond Infantry. IPX Sergeant J. M. Milliktn,
Co. G, tk-cond Infantry, 193; Corporal P. A.
Brown, Co. G, Second Infantry, 1&7; £*lrbt
Sergeant F. YV. Mister. Co. E. Sixth Infantry,
13S; Corporal P. B. Bevllle. Co. B. Sixth In
fantry. U!; Private J. L. Bowen, Co. E, Sixth
Infantry. 1-'*; Captain C. T. Poulter, Co. A.
Fifth Infantry. 192; Sergeant A. A. Boyen, Co.
P. Fifth Infaniry, 1&4: Corporal F. B. Moulton,
Co. D, Fifth Infantry, 19S; Captain F. L. Rey
nolds, Co. F. Seventh Infantry, 1S3.
The following extracts from orders 6
from general headquarters are of interest
to the members of the several organiza
tions:
The inspectors of rifle practice on the staffs
of the various commanding olflcers of *>h-" Guard
will meet hi the Supreme Court chambers at
the State Capitol, Sacramento, on the evening
of July 14, IS00, to discuss the matter of target
practice, and a revision of the regulations kov
erniiis the same. All competitors at lh<? Slate
competition are invited to be present and make
any suggestions they may deem proper concem
inp target practice. The inspector general of
ri.ie practice will make arrangements for thia
mt-Ltins and designate officers to present papers
at the same.as a basis for discuss-ion.
It having been htld by the Attorney General,
in an opinion dated June 22, 1M9, that the pro
vision of section 1370 of the Political Code re
lating to the time of the annual inspection and
muster of the National Guard is directory and
not mandatory, and that said Inspection may
Ue held at a time other than that specified
therein, and inasmuch as a thorough inspection
of a large proportion of the property in the
possession of tbe Guard has but recently been
completed, it is hereby announced that the
ajinual inspection and muster will not be held
until later in the year, the date of the same
to be announced in future orders.
In compllar.ee with the provisions of section
2018 of the Political Code of the State of Cali
fornia, the National Guard of California will
parade In their respective lr>caJlties on Wed
nesday. July 4, 1900, In celebration of the one
hundred and twenty-fourth anniversary of
American independence. This parade will be by
replmer.t, battalion or company, as directed by
brigade, regimental or battalion commanders.
Parade reports will be forwarded to Eeneral
headquarters not later than July 20, 1900.
The division general and a number of
his staff have faced the target at fifty
vards with revolvers. In accordance with
law. Following Is the score of those who
shot: Maj<">r General Dickinson SG, Colonel
Miles 34, Lieutenant Colonel Barrere 4-1,
Lieutenant Colonel Huber 44, Lieutenant
Colonel Evans 46, Major Schmitt 37 and
Major Hewes 42.
E. A. Selfridge has been elected captain
of the Signal Corps, Second Brigade, vice
Hewes, appointed major on the division
FtafC. Captain Selfridge was first lieu
tenant of one of the companies of the
Serenty-first New York Regiment of Vol
unteers.
Major Charles L. Tilcien. for many years
connected with the First Regiment of In
fantry, has applied to be placed on the
retired list.
Colonel Whitton. commanding the Fifth
Raiment of Infantry, has applied to
Brigadier General Warlleld to have a regi
mental camp, with the proviso that should
a brigade camp be ordered- his command
will be agreeable to take part in such.
John H. Simmons, first lieutenant, and
Charles H. Brown, second lieutenant, of
Company C Seventh Infantry, have suc
cessfully passed the examining board.
Now comes the information all the wav
from Paris that William Varney Gaskili,
major and inspector of the Third Brigade,
has "passed a successful examination at
8 Place de l'Opera, Paris. France,"' before
the examining board, consisting of Lieu
tenant Colonel E. W. Runyon, Lieutenant
Colonel W. W. Foote and Lieutenant Col
onel Ben C. Truman.
The commander In chief paid an unof
ficial visit last wrok to the Marion.
Sergeant Maji • Crosby of the Second
Brigade has appt ! ' for an exemption cer
tificate.
More than a month hap elapsed since It
was shown that the Red Book, or book
of tnisinstruction for the National Guard,
has in it a provision which, while it de
clares that a man who has been examined
for a commission and has failed to pass
not be examined for the same com
mission within six months, permits a man
who has failed to pass for lieutenant to
be elected and come up for a commission
for a higher position: hut as yet no order
h;is been Issued alterins the regulation
to make It read, "shall not be eligible to
apply for any commission within six
months after failure to pass the examin
ing board."
Guardsmen Asking Why an
Outsider "JVas Made
* Adjutant.
CHAMPIONSHIP
TARGET SHOOT
AT SACRAMENTO
CHAMPIDH DOGS
ARE READY FOR
THE BIG STAKE
Coursing Men Make Beacon
Favorite, Palo Alto Sec
ond Choice.
The flrft round of a . lTS-dog reserve
itake was decided yesterday at Uttlon
CourFlng Park as a curtain-raiser to the
ladies' day championship meeting- to be
run to-day under the patronage of the
Interstate Courting Club. The sport yes
terday was lirst class, the hares being
ileet enough to take the majority of the
pr« yhounds clear across the Held. It was
essentially a favorites' day, there being
hardly enough upsets to maie the talent
cautious. In a number of courses they
effered big odds and barely escaped losing
their bets. They offered W to 1 on Metal
lic against Clover. The latter led and
was tx*aten only by the margin which
went with the kill. The moat notable in
t-uurre of lalte odds was the defeat of
Curtis & AioKinley by Sisquo.c, at
odds of 6 to 1. "Jimmy"' Dean was dis
cocsolate, as he did not think Siiquoc.
which he trains, had a chance, and did
not bet a cent on the outcome of the
course.
Jimmie Anthony beat Beauty Spot at
6 to 1; Nellie Uawn beat Wandering Tom,
4 to 1; Shadow beat Lady Clare, 2 to 1,
and Koyal Union beat Had Hoy, 2 to 1.
Flying Fox is the btake favorite, ltoyal
Union being nest choice. After that The
Grafter, u iiara. Risky Attempt. Hot
Haste. Maud S. ltusty cJola. Candelaria,
Spiteful. OreenJjall, Alajster Clair and Sis
(juoc Ii:id favor in the eyes of the bettors.
lik-h as the reserve stake Is In possibili
ties lo-day, it is but secondary to the
champion Itake. The consensus of opinion
umuut; the coursing rnen ¦> is that
Beacon will surely make his way
mt j the tinal. as the best dugs
aiv in the lower half of the stake,
while he is in the upper half. While the
crack dogs at the bottom of the card are
i>laving havoc one with ajiother licacon
will t-e called upon to meet dogs which it
is conceded he can defeat. Thus he meets
Jl.tx.hels l'ride in the lirst round; prob
ably Theron in the second and Fine Fire
in the third. This would place him in the
lmal and under the red liatj. PaJo Alto,
his most dangerous rival, must men
Koyal Flush; tlu-a probably Narcissus In
the second rouud and Luxur or Warship
Infore he enters the T.nal. If he dashes
in on his game he should win. but any
hesitation on his paxt will bring defeat
from ltoyal Flush or any of the dogs he
must nii-<i.
The prices laid against the does in the
long-odds book are: Beacon, 2 to 1; Palo
.Alto and Luxor, 3 to I: Koyal Flush, 4;
Warship. 6; Whitehead, Chicago lioy.
Fine Fire and Bylvanus, 10; For Glory, 12;
Boral Artist, Narcissus and Muse, 15;
Theron, 20; According Aiigel and Hersch-
d'l Piicie, 40.
iOaoh ttake will be run down once this
moraine before luncheon. After luncheon
ihe tCBtirva slake will t»e run twice, leav
ing the same number of dugs iu each
nake. when they will alternate. The
courtlnp trains will leave at 1<J:15 and 11
«. m., 1- m. and 1 p. m. The cars of the
J-'an Maten tlertric road run to the park
every Fix minutes. Tire results of yester
day's courting, with Judge John Grace's
cilicial scores, follow:
nescrve stake : First round — J. Ii. Smith's
Jennie WJlaOB Lx-at J. Ilonntng's Ucmp^fy Lass,
f— 0; Fieri &: Knowleb" (.t'liara b--at J. it.
Smith'* Marie, 1<>—1: P. Bchou'a King'i- Bor
«:. ret beat ilurrigan & Wtecand'i Overtime,
7—1; J. Byrne** Eleven Si>ot bnat J. Hurley's
Bhytodc lit y, 4 — 0; Parkinson Ac Murphy's IStn
Ixmtoad ran a bye \ictor withdrawn: Curtis &
bou's SUdow btiil J. Dean's Lady Clare, 7— J;
T. I-oean't. MiF 8 Grizzle Iwat 1. Ixigan's Leah.
3—1; J. I. O'Brien' e fatatesman b«at J. L. lluss"
Wild wood, 4—1; RuxeeU. Allen & Wilson's
Spiteful beat N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony,
13 — 7; Curtis & gon'e Old Glory beat J. Hurley's
O K Capitcl. Z — 2: Pasha. Kennels' Rude Awak
enlrg btat J. Martenet'a fcally iSrass, li — s;
Cifitala Cane'a Greenhall ran a bye, "W. H.
Iloag's Lady Norborne withdrawn; J. McNeil's
Ulack Hawk beat W. Creamer's Onward. 4—1;
1*. \lcCa.be'» Boney Buy beat liarteis Bros."
Beet Baxeain. 7 — 6; Pafcha Kennels' Metallic
l*a.t Ccnnell Bros.' Clover, £ — 3; Bartele Bros."
Uetsjr liarrow beat M. J. Welch's Milldale.
12— 4; J. J. K'nney's l-'ortun&te Choice beat K.
Haumeister's Warrior. 6—2; J: J. Kcnney's Win
ning Lassie b*at l'at-ha Kennels' Rapid Addi
tion. 5 — *; J. Martenet's Wim beat K. Schou s
t-mucgler. 11— J; P. J. Ile!l!y's The Grafter beat
J. Martenns BernaJ Boy. 11—1; Ku&sell, Allen
ic Wilson's Master Claire beat J. M. Halton's
Tic Tac. {•— 0; T. J. Cmnin's Wild Tralee b*at
H. A. IVckelman'8 Glrn Chloe. 7—2; P. J.
Jleilly's lUiyaJ Lnlon beat Mailer & Heid'e Bad
Boj'. 4—0; .',.:.-.•¦ & G«rt»er's !:.¦:.-_. beat Rus
ffll. All»n A: WilFon'e l>alsy Clair. C — 4; Con
drey & Unught's Koyal Lady beat 4J- Uoberts'
I-aiiy Hulda, 8— 5; I*. Cronln's Lear Kinc beat
Walsh & Heer.an's Sacramento Hoy. 7—4; It.
Winder's Risky Attempt Ix-at J. Dyrnes' Olvm
1-us, «— i: J. E. Charabill's Hot Foot beat M." 11.
Sheehan'e Teddy Iia.le. 4 — 0; Gus Aberrromblf's
Rock :..••: King b»at G. W. Heintz's Coquette,
3—1: J. Morlarity's Jimmy Anthony beat It. L.
Taylor's i>c-auty £j<ot, 3—2; S. Handy' s Lady
Hugo beat Gus Abercrombie'p Mies Richmond,
4—1; MaJier At Reid's Nellie Eatin beat J. I.
O'Brien' h Wanderiiig Tom. 5—1; II. A. Deckel
:--.- £Rar>8bot beat J. H. W. Muller's
Cruieer, 2 — 0; Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat
1>. K. Carter* High Jir.kF, 4—0: Curtis Ac Sun'g
Fly.rg Fox beat J. Uyrnes' liattleshly. 6—1;
J. Dean'e Gallant beat M. J. Welch's Millwood.
10-S: J. P. Thrift's FVrget beat J. Carroll'*
Erln'e Hope. S-O; I>. Winder's Lundln Llnlis
beat IV. C. Glass^n'n KleiKli Bells, 4-0; J J
Kenney> Hot Haste beat H. E. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa *Wa. 6-0; J. Hurley's Hurricane
beat M. H. Kavanaugh's Hard Linfs 4-0; J.
P. Thrift" s St. Michael beat It Robert?" C'oro
tuda. 12-2: K. E. de B. Lopez's Sara beat I\
Cronln's Mxrter Gordon. 4-0; J. Keenan's Mira
Monte beat G. Aben-romble's Mock l-.a;ii Boy
»-0; P. J. Rellly's Plougliboy beat K. L. Tay
lor's BaliS Head, 3-Z: J. Dean's Slsfjuoc beat
Curtis & Pon'e McKinley. 4-2; Cartels Uruth
era' B«?er Brewer '¦-.,: E. Geary's Horinie
I'asha. 5-3: I>. Winder's Random Aim bea.t M.
H. Sh«-han's f?t«Lm B, 14-1: I*a.«ha Kernels'
Gold Nugget beat Connell Brothers' Good -by.
&-6; W. C. Giaison's Srantonln beat E. Pr«»n<ier
east'a Forget. 14-2; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
lirwln & Lyon's Silver Wings. 6-1; Pasha
Kennels' May Hen:pKt«-a<J l*>at J. n. Smith's
!„, :> Sears. 12-2: H. A. Deck'Iman's Lawrence
beat H. w. Hike's Nancy It, 7-3; Curtis &
Kon # 6 Maud S b»»at J. H. Smith's Victor Queen,
*-l: Curtis & Hon's Anchur l*>at I'a^ha Ken
nels' Iteit A»snr»d. Z-2; J. O'Dowd's Shout
over beat G. Sherman's Wait a Little. 2-0:
Aw»«l<J Kennels' Acajnemn^n beat C L. Ap
pleby'e Cla.re B, 10-1: P. A. McComb's One Spot
Jjrat J. Smith's Master Workman 10-&; M
Ininlea'* Hrin beat J. L. Hnss' J L H. fi-4: K.
A. MrComb's Ktorrn King Wat J. L. Hoss' Just
Tipped, S-5: R. K. <Se B. Lopez's Crawford
Rex beat O. Ehirman'f Walt a Bit. €-. r .; C. W.
BimnT'n Wild Norah r**at J. Dean's Grenada
S-t; Sterl &. Knowles" P!e»ty Mist l«>:tt J. Dick
pon'B I.rfir!y V-rt-t-. X-2; Stcrl & Knonles' Husty
Gold beat r>-win & Lynn's Sliver Lyon. 5-i;
Curtiu Ac Kon'p Cand»laria. beat Sterl &.
Knowles' Ollta. J-2. .
SUM PHILLIPS
TAKES THE ST.
LOUIS DERBY
Schorr's Gallant Colt Wins
Galloping by Three
Lengths.
ST. LOUIS, June 16.— Amid the plaudits
of 25,000 enthusiastic spectators Sam Phil
lips, the gallant son of St. Florian anil
Reckon, flashed under the imaginary line,
winner of the St. Louis Derby this after
noon. The day was proclaimed a half
holiday by the Mayor, and the Innovation
of a free infield by the Fair Association
attracted to the course an assemblage of
race-goers heretofore unrivaled In num
bers and enthusiasm. The commodious
betting ring was densely packed, ami It
was with the greatest difficulty that bet
tors placed money on their favorites.
The weather was perfect and the track
very fast.
The Scroggan entry, Florizar and High
land Lad, and Wounded Knee and Sam
Phillips were installed equal favorites at
5 to 2, and all received a tremendous play.
I To a good start Wounded Knee was
first to show. Passing the judges' stand
Wounded Knee was a neck In front of
Highland Lad, which led Dr. Cave by a
! head, all the others being within striking
distance. In the run down the back
i stretch Florizar assumed command, but
only momentarily, for Tommy Burns
shook up Sam Phillips and he shot to the
front. At the mile and a quarter Phillips
was two open lengths in front of Flori
zar, and the latter had a length the ad
vantage of Star Chamber, which Devin
had brought up from fifth position. Sam
Phillips came into the stretch a length
before Star - Chamber, ho four lengths
ahead of Florizar.
From this point the race became a pro
cession, Sam Phillips winning In a gallop
by three lengths from Star Chamber,
which In turn beat Florizar four lengths
for the place. Wounded Knee staggered
In four lengths behind Florizar. The race
was worth $10,000 to the winner. •
Sara Phillips, owned by a stable which
always contains an equine king In its
roster, has done everything that has been
asked of him this year. In the Club Mem
bers' handicap he ran a mile and a quar
ter In 2:08, after picking none the best
going, and that, too, carrying three
pounds above hla weight for age. He was
conceding aa good a horse as Pink Coat
nine pounds, and ran him to a head. The
colt is in the hands of one of the most
capable trainers In America, George
Walker. Year after year the Schorrs have
turned untried yearling^ over to this care
ful handler and each year has found the
Schorr contingent strong factors in the
two-year-old events. Walker's methods
are worthy of emulation. He cannot be
made to start a horsa until he is ready
to race and when he sends one to the
post he is always worthy of careful con
sideration. John F. Schorr, the owner of
the colt, is probably the youngest ov,-ntr
In America. He has fairly grown up with
horses, having been in his younger days
a jockey of no mean ability. He was one
of the most successful owners racing on
the San Francisco tracks last winter. Re
sults:
One mile and seventy yards, selling — El Cano
won, Sallle Lamar second. Iron Chancellor
third. Time. l:47»i.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Judge Stead
man won, Haviland second, Sadie Levy third.
Time, 2:W+.
One mile and seventy yards, selling — Florai>lrd
T.-cn. Sir Gatian second. Van Hoorebeke third.
Time, 1:4G.
One mile and a sixteenth, handicap — Mil
waukee won, Russell R second. Pinochle third.
Time, 1:47 V*.
St. Louis Derby, $3000; a sweepstakes; one
mile and a half —
Sam Phillips. 119 (T. Burns). 5 to 2 1
Star Chamber, 107 (Devin). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.. 2
Florizur, 113 (Van Duzen). Z\i to 1 3
Time-2:34!i.
Wounded Knee. Dr. Cave, Duke of Melbourne
and Highland Lad also ran. finishing as named.
One mile, purse — Greenock won. Tulla Fonso
fsecond, Tickful third. Time, l:4Ui-
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Annie
Oldfield won, Moroni second. Crocket third.
Time; 1:43. • •
TWO JOCKEYS rarjTJBED.
CHICAGO, June 16.— There was a bad
accident In the second race at Harlem to
day. Sixteen horses started and on tha
first turn Microscope, ridden by W.
Waldo, fell. Leando, ridden by E. Ross,
fell over him and Glencine and Martha
Fox, which were right behind, also went
down. Jockeys Ross and Narvaez escaped
uninjured, but Waldo suffered a broken
collarbone and Ruiz sustained a Blight
concussion of the brain. Both went to
the hospital. Papa Harry won the race
at 60 to 1. Teucer, at 40 to 1 just managed
to beat O'Connell in the first race.
Weather clear; track good. Results:
Six furlongs — Teucer won. O'Connell second.
St. Cuthbert third. Time. 1:15%.
Five and a half furlones— rf'apa Harry won,
Julius Caesar second. Donation third. Time,
l:ift^.
One mile— Bannockburn won. All Gold second.
Great Bend third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs — Garry Hermann won. Silver
dale second. Mauea third. Time, l:01H-
Four and a half furlongs— Harry Herenden
¦won, Fred Heeslg second, Rio de Altar third.
Time :5:-i.
Mile and a sixteenth — Barrack won, Walken-
Fhaw eecond. Clara Wooley third. Time,
1:60%.
- Sister Alice Wins a Sprint.
BUFFALO, June 1C— Results: •
Seven furlongs— Grandeur won. Poorlands sec
ond. Infelice third. Time. 1:2S.
Five furlongs — Lasker won. Egyptian Prince
second. Fil!e rt'Or third. Time. 1:02)4.
Mile — Lampglobe won, Sidney Lucas eecond.
Erwin third. Time. 1:40',;.
Buffalo stakes for two-year-olds, five fur
longs — Terminaa won, Leila i'.arr second. Bill
Massle thitd. Time. 1:02.
Mile and an eighth — Alfred Hargrave won.
Beau Ideal second. Ein third. Time. 1:51^.
S«ven furlongs— Sister Alice won, Ocle Brooks
second. Jucoma third. Time, 1:2S.
Form players had a good day at Ing'e
side Courting Park yesterday in the rur.
down of the open stake, favorites takin:
the flag in most of the runs. The hare
were a good lot and in a few Instance
made hard work for the long-tailed flyer*
Cora Pearl, one of Lowe & Thompson
new youngsters, beat Jackson's Glen IZ\
der pointless in a good race. Though sri
made a good showing and beat a 2 to
favorite, she looks to be against it J9 1*
go with Lexington in to-day's llr.aia.
Wedding Bells of the Russell. Allen <>
Wilson kennels, ran for the first time yes
terday and marked the event by beatin;
Terrona. a slight favorite over her. on i
fluke. The hare turned clear round to her
Master Lawrence beat Headwater in ;
course of nearly three minutes after ;
hard hare and relief dugs had to be turne<
In the chase to end the run. The winnc
is in a good place on to-day's card, bu
the severe work of yesterday will n»
doubt hurt his chances.
Lily of the West, after a long retiremen
from the game, showed up in fine forn
and beat California pointless In a goo*
race. Lily looks a likely one for a positior
well down on the card.
Over the Border put up a lazy race witt
Miss Wilson, who made the kill while th-
Lowe & Thompson entry waited for th«.
game to come to him.
Hummer made two kills before a de
cision was given against Stromboli. Thti
latter dog was unsighted in the first slip
and before he could Join in his opponent
caught the hare. In the run-off Stromboli
failed to score.
Bohe. Palmflower and Lily of the West
look like winners, with Pleasant Girl, Tea
Hose. Belle Claire and the consistent Mi.s*
Penman rlose at hand. The day'3 results,
with Judge P. J. Iteilly's official scores,
follow:
Open stake, first round— E. M. KeHn^s'si Iow\
Boy beat J. Flower's Keystone, 12-2; J. H.
Perigo's Bohe beat Lande & Uerb<r's Mount
Ida, 8-1; J. Caveney's Juliet beat H. P. Julian 1 *
Sweet Music, 7-3: D. Toland"» Pleasant Girl
beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe. 3-2; Kay Bros."
Hawker beat Jo« Perry's Commodore Nash, 8-0:
T. Tierr.ey's Tea Rom beat E. M. KelloKK's
Ben's Babe. 5-0; Lowe & Thompson's Cora
Pearl beat B. F. Jackson's G!en Elder, 10-0; H.
Lynch's Lexington beat Frank Boyle's Sapho.
5-0; E. M. Kellogs'B Kid McCoy beat A. Van
den Bui-Kh's Kitty V. 7-0: Russell. Allen & Wil
son's "VVedillng liella beat J. H. W. MulWs
Terrona, 3-1; Captain Cane's Master Davenport
beat A. Frank's Loiterer. 6-1: A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat J. Kennedy's Wine West. 10-1:
J. Morlarity's Klttl^man tvat M. MIchKlkl's
Terronite. a-2: F. I'asson's Merry Maiden beat
Kelly & Hanley'B Baby Kins. $-3: J. Sutton's
Glen Anne beat J. Carroll's Red Hind. 11-5:
J. Kennedy's Ever Sure beat A. Johnson's BalJ
Eagle. 7-4; J. Potter's Palmflower beat H. E.
Monahan's Tired Out, 13-4; P. Dingle's Cash Ia
beat W. H. Shear's Alarue. 5-2: J. Sutton's
Master Lawrence beat P. M. Clarkson's Head
water, 2»-3: A. Van der Bureh's Nauxhty Girl
beat T J McHuch's Mom Hose, 4-3; T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill beat W. J. Leonard's Oall
vant. S-Z: Captain Cane's Miss Penman b*at J.
Potter's Remus. 6-2; B. F. Jarksnn's Kra?-
Jorgenson beat T. l*nd«>wlg'« Lady Garnett.
S-l; M. J. Kelly's Xisht Time beat T. J. Cron
ln's Arab. 12-1; J. Kock's Minerva beat J.
Llnnehan's Racine. 3-?; E. D. Fallen's Lily of
the West; beat J. Kennedy's California. 5-0; J.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson beat J. H. XV.
Muller's Moonstone. S-6; E. M. Kellofnc'a
Hummer beat J. McEnroe's Stamboll. 11-0;
J. W. Wood's Cliff Wilson beat W. Filler's
Sissy M. XVI: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat Jo«
Terry's Sweet Belle, 2-0; J. Potter's Romulus
beat Thomas Reed's Charley. 13-10: W. I>.
laney*s Oriole beat G. Lahusen's Firefly. 7-4;
Maher & Reid's Plngletori beat t>. Cronln'a
Swlnnerton. 8-4; A. Johnson's Lowlaader beat
M. Walsh's Bendalong. 8-7; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Belle Claire beat B. F. Jackson's
Turquoise, 9-2; Russell. Allen A Wilson's Miss
Wilson beat Lowe & Thompson's Over the Bor
der, 3-0: H. E. Monahan's Tar o* Hill beat B.
WoodsVBIack Night, 6-5: H. Lynch's Emma M
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Password. 13-2:
P. Toland's Twilight Jr. beat Charles Browns
Glennida. 6-2; P. Brophy's Benicla Boy beat
P. M. Clarkaon'a Golden Garter. 5-3.
ANTHRACITE WINS THE OAKS
Pretty Head Finish in the Star
atJLatonla.
CIXCr^TATI, June 18.— A crowd of
nearly 10,000 persons witnessed the run
ning of the famous LatonJa Oaks to-day.
The race was a pretty contest throughout
and resulted in a head finish between An
thracite and Xettie Regent. Weather fair.
Track fast. Results:
Six furlnr.gs. selling— Junlatta won, Acushla
second, Eleanor Holmes third. Time, 1:18 ! 4.
One mile, selling— Lord Zent won. Ennomla
second. Eitholin third. Time. 1:41H.
The Gentlemen's cup. one mile — Rentier B
won, Osman second, Skookum third. Time, IMS.
The Latonla Oaks, one mile and a quarter—
Anthracite won, Xettie Regent second, ilay
Ella third. Time. 2:09.
One mile and a sixteenths handicap— Winter
won. .Charlie O'Brien second. Clay Pointer
third. Time. 1:47 1-5.
Five furlongs— May Cherry won. Telephone
Girl second. Erena third. Time. 1:03ft.
»
Overland Park Results
DEXVER, June IS.— Results at Over
land Park:
?Trotting— Belcrado won the first and thin
heats and the race. Time. 3:03. Z:$aU. Lori
Gilbert won the second heat. Time, 3:00'i.
Pacing — E S won the second, third and fourt!
heats. Time. 2:11H, 2:13\i. 2:13%. Ophelia woi
the first heat. Time, 2:Wi.
Six furlonjrs— II Q Haa won. Gold Buff sec
ond, Sevoy third. Time. 1:18*4.
Six furlongs— Horn won. Interview secontf
Clemy third. Time. l:17Vi.
Five furlong-*— Plymouth won. Billy UnJer
wood second. Regalonsj third. Time, l:03>-;.
Four furlongs— Henry T. Jr. won, Jake War
second. Ferdinandcz third. Time. :S0.
Lily of the' West Returns to
the Game and Shows
Old Form.
HUMMER MAKES
TWO KILLS TO
WIN ONE RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900-
The Druidic Session.
The following Is the programme for the
session of the Grand Grove of Druids,
which will open in this city on next Tues
day. On the evening of that day teams
from Laurel, Galileo and Aurora groves
will exemplify the work of the Bard's de
gree in California Hall for the benefit of
all Druids of that degree, and on Wednes
day there will be a grand ball In Odd Fel
lows'. Hall to the grand otHcers and reD
resentatives. %*
Franklin School Graduates.
The closing exercises of the Franklin
Evening School were held In Hoover Hail
on Thursday evening last. The gTaduaU
Ing class was composed of the following
named:
Apncs Corrlffan, Evelyn Loughran, Rose Mc-
LouEhlln, Charlotte Meyer, Mary Nlgro, Lena.
Pfluger. Mary Pleasant, Muybelle Toplltz. Es
ther Schary, Roland Bandy, Curt Buettner,
"William Black, James Casey, Milton Conklin,
Herman Conans, William Clifford, William
Dunning. August Engelage, Charles Gallagher.
Benjamin Laietsky, Leo Kane, William
O'Brien, George Parfe and Max Rubensteln
Miss Agnes Corrlgan received the Denman
reedal and Max Rubensteln the Bridge medal
An excellent programme was also ren
dered containing among other features a
cakewalk by Allery and McMann and
vocal solos by Miss Black, Miss Donovan
Leo Kaul and Timothy Cadogan.
24
SUBURBAN HANDICAP WINNERS.
Year.
Year. . HORSE. Jockey. Value. Weljrht Time.
"S4 General Monroe W. Donohue K?4o 121 2:ll«i
3SS5 Pontlac W. Olney 6,boa 102 2:03V ?
1SSG Troubadour W. Fitzpatrick.... 6.700 115 2:12' 4
1SS7 Eurus Davis 6,065 102 2:12
1SSS Elkwood Martin. «.K0O 119 2:07tf
1889 Raeeland ... E. Garrison .' 6.M0 120 2:03 4-5
1S30 Salvator I. Murphy «.?00 127 2:06 4-5
1591 Loantaka M. Bergen 9.W UO 2:07
1592 Montana..... E- Garrison lT.o') 115 2:W 2-5
1593 Lowlander MoDermott 17.500 106 2:06 S- ?
ISM Ramapo • F. Taral 12.070 VZO 2:06 1-3
1S95 I^zzarone T.Hamilton 4.730 lla 2:07 4-5
1896 Henry of Navarre H. Griffin v 6.000 129 2:07
1S97 Ben Brush Sims 6,SaO 123 2:07 1-6
1S3S Tillo Clayton .<i 7.000 IIS 2:08 1-5
1899 Imp •'¦•••¦••• Turner 10.000 114 2:05 4-5
1900 Klnley'Mack.'.'.' McCue 10.000 125 2:96 4-5
HORSE.
. Suburban handicap, for three-year-o
ter. Time, 2:08 4-5.
5ur'
olds and
upward
d; value |10,(
.00
00: one mile ana a quar-
florte. Age. ' Welght'st. U
%
lm.
l%m. FlR.
] I Betttnsr.
[ Jockey. [Op. Cl.
Klnley Mack. 4 125 3, 3 1
Sthelbert. 4 -..130 4l 7 H
!>ulden. 3 J..I00 7 ¦ 4 1
mp 6 12S 1 2 1
Herbert, 8 96 9 5h
rean Beraud, 4 127 2 1 h
Intrusive. 6 Ill 10 9
-armatlan. 4 93 6 6(4
Survivor 4 102 8 8
r^Vin Hrlpht R 119 5 10
3 1
6 h
4 h
•2 h
5 4
11
8
7 h
9
10
* IVi
e h
4 Ms
2 h
5 1
1 h
7 h
S
9
10
12 11'
2 1 2 4
3 1 8 4
4 1 4 n
6 1 6 n
6 1 6 2
5 7 1
9 8
7 9
10 10
.
<.!McCue 10 10
Maher 6-5 11-10
Odom 40 40
O'Connor 5 9-3
Huusck 50 60
Turner 5 5
Shaw 40 30
Henry 30 20
Mitchell 40 40
SDonct-r 10 12
M
. Suburban handicap, for three-year-o
ter. Time, 2:08 4-5.
5ur'
olds and
upward
d; value |10,(
.00
00: one mile ana a quar-
florte. Age. ' Welght'st. U
%
lm.
l%m. FlR.
] I Betttnsr.
[ Jockey. [Op. Cl.
Klnley Mack. 4 125 3, 3 1
Sthelbert. 4 -..130 4l 7 H
!>ulden. 3 J..I00 7 ¦ 4 1
mp 6 12S 1 2 1
Herbert, 8 96 9 5h
rean Beraud, 4 127 2 1 h
Intrusive. 6 Ill 10 9
-armatlan. 4 93 6 6(4
Survivor 4 102 8 8
r^Vin Hrlpht R 119 5 10
3 1
6 h
4 h
•2 h
5 4
11
8
7 h
9
10
* IVi
e h
4 Ms
2 h
5 1
1 h
7 h
S
9
10
12 11'
2 1 2 4
3 1 8 4
4 1 4 n
6 1 6 n
6 1 6 2
5 7 1
9 8
7 9
10 10
.
<.!McCue 10 10
Maher 6-5 11-10
Odom 40 40
O'Connor 5 9-3
Huusck 50 60
Turner 5 5
Shaw 40 30
Henry 30 20
Mitchell 40 40
SDonct-r 10 12
M
Year.
Year. . HORSE. Jockey. Value. Weljrht Time.
"S4 General Monroe W. Donohue K?4o 121 2:ll«i
3SS5 Pontlac W. Olney 6,boa 102 2:03V ?
1SSG Troubadour W. Fitzpatrick.... 6.700 115 2:12' 4
1SS7 Eurus Davis 6,065 102 2:12
1SSS Elkwood Martin. «.K0O 119 2:07tf
1889 Raeeland ... E. Garrison .' 6.M0 120 2:03 4-5
1S30 Salvator I. Murphy «.?00 127 2:06 4-5
1591 Loantaka M. Bergen 9.W UO 2:07
1592 Montana..... E- Garrison lT.o') 115 2:W 2-5
1593 Lowlander MoDermott 17.500 106 2:06 S- ?
ISM Ramapo • F. Taral 12.070 VZO 2:06 1-3
1S95 I^zzarone T.Hamilton 4.730 lla 2:07 4-5
1896 Henry of Navarre H. Griffin v 6.000 129 2:07
1S97 Ben Brush Sims 6,SaO 123 2:07 1-6
1S3S Tillo Clayton .<i 7.000 IIS 2:08 1-5
1899 Imp •'¦•••¦••• Turner 10.000 114 2:05 4-5
1900 Klnley'Mack.'.'.' McCue 10.000 125 2:96 4-5
HORSE.
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Ma!! To All Sufferers.
No c » 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
fflK^^^^f^^ejS The onl y preparation known to science which reallj
au^i^'TftWrfSferf! ,/1> V. cures Lost Manhood is "CALTHOS," the marvelous
&^$Mitt3fS$»%§ /SF^jS. French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It ij
f^5£fe : :&l?i$j£§\ !¦ (* C\. « controlled in this country by The Von Mohl Company, oi
v*$5^4£-S&*r£5irS& / \v»/ Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high »:-.i
*£^ftt*>WxZ8?&3s: A a>jT honorable place ia the world of medicine. It is one of tha
5^^^i^V*fegJ5S^f r^/^X largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, <u
V0 ) $£0&i% : i$ir **nJ^X" anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
'$&^&$$W tk /Til , The v °n Mohl Company invitss all men sufferini
ttXpKg&y TV. // A £oni Lost Manhood. Spermatorrhca. Varicccele Snafl
I £*>$#P/ />-?*-»' Jf 5S £ rtS or w « afc a«s o^ any nature In the Nerves or Sexua.
Jixfe-i-W/ /%£J^s^')7/ f Orgrans, to send their names and receive a five days 1 treat
Efc'l^M/ &$*&& //ill fflent. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing rx>wen
W&'&Wi M$i>&2f///l of •• CALTHOS." After using it 6ve days the suffereri
$$##•# WfRrSy/fl L " mn find new in their organs, new force ia then
£S&*Sl V^^a/JA muscles, new blood In their veins, new ambition, and
(BfZSSSWi RiS^i^-^^K rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sens»
&*lwSs\ TO ' I IV tions of younger days.
Sg5m«*\ W \\ I \ This liberal free offer Is genuine. There is no swin*
S^rIS^JA 1 \\ // £ c - o> D - or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The nvi
B?*r!^?J<??V V^ \ // days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request
i^l^i^'/H-^'K I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructioni
¦^^r^ :1 '-%'";i : .'-:-' : »J > s>\V/ I \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becoiacl
! 'i'-01 *• *(\\\f • **** owa doctor and cures himself at home.
'*¦&$$$!£< \ _\v It doesn't make anv difference wha: caused the weak«
ffisfyfoffi '•••'•iT't • m •jy c^-^>' ness— whether bad hacks ia youth, or excess, or oven
P\ \ work, or business troubles. "CALTMOS" will effect i
! $vf3 fcwi I cure, no matter what big name the disease may be called
«2lS\ I The Von Mohl Company treats all correspondence is
'ii^^vSC^ few K'\ I perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it mak«
iA!S('i£?'lyfc3 K^*£'-.<i 1 public the names of the thousands who have written te*
*/jpNSl$3 r A • J Jimonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
N«SW&£k&i \#3w*t? ? 3 •/ after other medicines «nd appliances have proved worth.
£w ;: ii& ••&$ \f t less. "CALTMOS" is regularly used in the French and
£i$ :: <'o-& "O '*'&' 7 r Gerni3n armies, and the soldiers in those countries hav«
Sf^r'&VffXra 5¥f§: I / r i come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Curei
S&S£3Ej£$ •*#£; / /& are effected at all *Res from twenty to eighty years. Ther.
?,.&*&':J»f--*'? *:ilv, / A'~y. : l is no case (except where the sta^e of cm>psy or msanitj
t^g-JtSaBS / m- has been reached) which .it will not radically, quicitly and
S"/ \ fe$V permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itseli.
¦T&fc!* 3 "™ 2 } ua^ i &S}.*?W It grows worse from week to week. Each day aggravate!
£g&3 j V \^i*&3£25g^ the mental and physical anguish.
*^ . V,.,Vv '^iSa Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not Help, no harm is done and no money has been paid out. Yon can send vour name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from a*H. The " CALTHOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE VON MOHL COMPANY, 552 B. Cincinnati, O.|pr.te^L'irtt:S 1 S^ u su^
f Make Lazy Liver Lively |
X You know very well how you feel when your liver don't act. x
Y Bile collects in the blood, bowels' become constipated and your A
3J whole system is poisoned. A lazy liver is an invitation for a j£
C, thousand pains and aches to come and dwell with you. Your^X
Y life becomes one long measure of irritability and despondency A
iS and* bad feeling. v
? J^r^^^^i CANDY CATHARTIC
? 1 " i li Tii"l T-fiir- 1 — '¦'¦ £
X /Act directly, and in a peculiarly happy manner on the liver and ft
X bowels, cleansing, purifying, revitalizing every portion of the :
T liver, driving all the bile from the blood, as ia &opn shown by in- .^
K creased appetite for food, power to digest it, and strength to A
o throw off the waste. Beware of imitations! 10c, 25c. All T
I Best for the Bowels m Icjfft LAMEDA, June 16.-Ten-year-old
¦1-3, Albert Davis committed suicide
JJ this afternoon by deliberately leap
ing from a beat into the waters of
San Leandro Bay with all his clothe? on
tr.d f-ghtlag the attempts of his boy com
panion to save him.
Inveterate smoking had aJTected the
bey's luags and he suffered frequent hem
©rrhages. The belief that he was afflicted
¦with cancer rrs.de him despondent, and
this fact gives color to the theory that he
cirr.rr.itt.ei suicsce while tn a f.t cf melan
cholia.
Davis and a companion of his cwn age.
Gus Lane, started for the High-street
tridge just after the noon hour. On the
way Davis picked up a cigar, which he
J?repare3 to smoke. His companion play
fully tock it frcrn him after it had been
hsJf-smcked and threw !t away. Davis
became piqued over the act and refused
to talk. "When the la-Os reached the
fcrid^e Davis insisted on going out In a
boat en the buy. Lane demurred, but
Davis shoved him Into a skiff they found
ar.d pushed off.
There was only one oar In the skiff.
This Davig -^ted as a soull. When the
boys were about fifty yards off shore and
midway between the railroad trestle and
the High-street bridge Davis was sud
denly seized with a hemorrhage. Blood
t-purted from his nose and rnotitb. He
leaned on the gu-waJe so the fo!ood would
not <3rcp Into the boat. The list allowed
the water to come in. and Lane shouttd
to his companion to be careful. For an-
Fwr-r Davis stood vp and made as if to
lear> overboard.
"My cancer hurts rne." cried the boy.
fccldir.g his har.es against his treast.
Lcr.e tried to restrain Davis by holding
of a Companion.
Youth Believed Himself to Be Afflicted With a
Cancer and Was Piqued by the Act
( en ? ¦» his clothing, but the latter struck
I at hi . and he was compelled finally to let
go fox 'ear of being pulled into the water
: himself. Lane held out the slnp'e oar to
i the snuggling bey. but Davis pushed it
i away from him. refusing to grasp it,
¦ though it was within easy reach. Davis
could not swim and made no attempt to
¦ save himseif. He went down three times.
i Just before going down for the last time
: he shouted. "•Good-by."
"I did all I could to save him." said
i young Lane. "The tide took the skiff from
him. but I kept sculling it up near him
i end tried to make him take the oar. He
: said he -would ew!m ashore, but I knew
; he couldn't swim. He had all his clothes
' en. I found his cap and brought it home.
: He wouldn't talk after I took the cigar
; from him. and I think that for that reason
and that the blood came so fast from his
' lungs he became despondent. He acted
¦ very strangely all the time. While he
was in the water the blood kept coming
i from his mouth and making everything
red.
'¦ "When he shouted "Good-by." Just before
i he went down for the last time, he didn't
; seem to be scared at all. He seemed to
i be willing to die. I sculled ashore after
: the last time I saw him and told the own
i er of the boat what had happened."
Young Davis was a. son of Mr. and Mr*.
Samuel W. Davis of 1364 Broadway. They
'¦ cannot believe that their son took his life
Intentionally, although thev admit that at
; times he became despondent over his
poor health and complained of having a
1 cancer in hJs chest. He smoked almost
incessantly and his teachers frequently
: remonstrated with him.
Bridjretender Ralph Hanilin of the Bay-
Farm bridge sent out a boat armed with
! grappling hooks shortly after being in
; formed of the drowning. At 6 o'clock the
' body was recovered and brought to the
; branch morgue.
Leaps From a Boat While in a De-
spondent Mood and Fights
Against Rescue.
TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY
COMMITS SUICIDE
France, with a population of 33,000,000,
has a fighting force of 2,000,000 men, able
to appear In the field at very short notlcs.
Dined by His Friends.
Fred W- Atkinson, who was recently ap
pointed Superintendent of Schools of the
Philippine Islands, was lunched^ by School
Director Casserlj\and Principals O'Connor
and Faulkner yesterday. It Is the inten
tion of Mr. Atkinson to organize in the
islands if practicable a school system sim
ilar to that in San Francisco.
champion; R. P. Fischer. Bond and Col
lins.
After the Chicago tourney the Western
cracks will proceed to the Atlantic Coast,
where they will participate in several
series of games which will culminate in
the national championship tourney at
Newport on August 14. Sumner and Sam
Hardy will both compete in Ure Magnolia
tournament at Boston on Julv 16. On Juiv
TZ they will participate in the Longwood
tourney; on July 31 the Wentworth tour
ney; en August 7 the Sorrento (Me.) tour
ney.
In the Eastern contests the Hardy
brothers ¦will meet Xatinnal Champion M
D. Whitman, Dwight Davis, Ward and
Beck Wright, the four players who visited
California several months ago and against
whom they made a remarkable showing.
The brothers \vJ!l enter the Chicago
double championship tourney together,
and it Is predicted by a number of the fol
lowers oi the jrame that they will run cut.
From itheir showing with the visiting
Easterners last fall. Sunxner and Sam
Hardy are looked upon as likely candi
date* for national championship honors.
nAKI-AKD. Jnne 16.-Sumner mid
iWr\ P. Hardy, the ter.nls crarks of
this city, will journey East in a few
»e*4;s tn meet the leading tennis
players cf the country In the several tour
:;»rV-nts tha.t ere to be held during July.
ThV Hardy brothers will leave Oakland on
ji.i> 5. the day following the close cf the
tingle championship tournament at Mon
terey.
Tb« California champions will arrive In
Chicane on July 8. They will enter the
Western champion tournament on the fol
lowing day. _"• tjj:c
In entering this tourney the Hardys will
be considerably handicapped. *s the games
xrili be played on a grass court, while
thev have always p!a.yed on hard ground.
Among the racquet wielders that the
Hardv brothers will meet at Chicago is
8,bS-«L a former resident of Oakland
*nd a tennis player of gTeat skill. Among
the other crack players who will compete
aur« H' }.iTi Yi'rti-S. ifce lorzzcT sauszai
Adams School Graduates.
The graduates of Miss McColgan's class of
the Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar School are:
Alma Earth, Carmen Bradford. Fiord Brown.
Gustave Blankenberg. Babette ClinV, Xorris
Oimmlnn, Fred Baumeister. Vivian Goldstein,
Edgar Goldsmith, "Willie Hyde. Edwin Hyde.
Ed Hartmanschen. Edelle Josne, Adele Huder,
Frieda Heltmuller. Louis Jacobs. Elsie Hinz,
Sylvaln Kralmer, Beatrice Kelly, Henry Kage,
Alice Kortjohn. Maurice Katx. Hazel Syms,
Annie Krauer. Louisa Levy, Sophie Harris.
Elsie Merkelbach. Herbert Mauch. H*ry Mor
decai Tessie Ne-wb*rffer. Marion Pattee. Ida
Purlenky, Pauline Pfeiffer. Tillie Steinauer,
George Wellbrock, Hans Lisser. Gertrude
Mehrtens Emll McCartney. Arthur Meyer.
Ruby Loveland. Blanche Mohr. Georg-o Wil
son. AuguM Veen. Ida Toung. Joseph Schoen
-berg.
Mission Dolores Picnic.
The following are the committees bavins
In charge Mission Dolores parish picnic
which takes place next Wednesday, June
20 at Mirabel Park, Sonoma County:
General committee of arrangement*— Rev. J.
Conway (chairman), J. McAtojt. E. J. Lynch,
j a Watts. E. J- McGlvern. Thomas Qulcn.
L McKinnon. J. J. Crawly. John O'Xeil. N\
Demlr, W.- H. McCarthy, J. Cavanaush. Lieu
tenant Charles Goodell.
Reception— E. J. McGlvern (chairman), J. J.
Crowly. Charles Fleming. D. J. McCarthy. O.
J McQuald, Dr. Joseph I. Richards, J. O'Xeil.
"f1oo~— Tom Mahoney (manager). E. J. Mc-
Givern Hon. Thomas Dunn. M. Murphy. W.
H. McCarthy, J. J. Crowly, E. J. Lynch, Jo
teph 'A. "Watts. Thomas Qalnn. D. McCarthy.
Gair.os J. O'Netl (chairman), J. McAvoy, J.
Cavanaugh. T. QuSnn. Dr. Joseph I. Richards.
LOCAL TENNIS CRACKS
TO PLAY IN THE EAST
While Stealing a Ride He Falls Off
and Has His Head Severely
A 5-year-old boy named James Barker,
living at 2S4 Clara street, while stealing a
ride on a truck in front of his home yes
terday fell and was struck by the hind
wheel. Fortunately he escaped with a
slight braiso of the left side of the head
and a dislocation of the right arm. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where he was treated by Assistant Po
lice Surgreon Morrison- Subsequently
Daniel McPherson. the driver of the
truck, was arrested by Police Officer Mo
riarty and charged with battery. He was
at once released on $25 cash ball.
FIVE-YEAR-OLD BOY
INJURED BY A TRUCK
Too Hnch Beer and Gas.
Jacob Mehrig. a carriage painter, liv'nsr
at 1C*M Mission street, drank too much
beer Friday night and when .he retired to
bed blew cut the gas. He was discovered
unconscious yesterday morning and was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, wiser©
he soon recovered.
Women of Woodcraft.
The following named have been elected
delegates from Redwood Circle to the
District Convention of "Women of "Wood
craft that Is to be heM In Sacramento;
Mrs. Viola Daniels, Mrs. M. Wilder. Mrs.
A. G. Blangy. Mrs. A. D. Staneart; alter
nates — Mrs. Alice Fournier. Mra. L. Rob
lson. Mrs. L. A. Raabe. Mrs. Ruth Mead
ows.
Shoe race — Ed Kelleher won. J. O'Brien sec
ond. James Hynes third.
Race for members of League of the Cross
Cadets, Company E^-Joseph Campbell wen, Pat
McMurray second. T. Cushing third.
Race for altar boys, under 12 years— W. Barry
won, W. Stafford second. Dick Barry third.
Race for altar boys over 12 years — L.. Crowley
won. Harrv Stafford second. James Leach third.
Married ladies' race— Mrs. Doherty won. Mrs.
Kerner second. Mrs. O'Conneil third.
Three-lepged race— J. O'Brien and J. Murphy
won. R. Donovan and A. Wetmore second. R.
Bf>yd and J. Leach third.
Consolation race, slrls under 12 years — Jo
eephlne Murray won. Alice Plunkett second,
Helena Bredhoff third.
Cakewalk— Misses Magulre and Collea won.
Misses McCana and Wollander second.
Mas-ic circle— Josephine Girot won, Mary
Cronln second, J. Morriser third.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS.
With Their Guests They Enjoy an
Outing at Camp Taylor.
The San Francisco Commercial Travel
ers' Association held its fourth annual pic
nic at Camp Taylor yesterday. The fine
¦weather made the affair a pleasant one.
An orderlv crowd passed the time in danc
ing to the strains of good music and In
struggling for prizes in the games and
races. Following is the list of prize win
ners:
Race for men — L. Detjen won. R. E. Dolan
second. "William Rancel third.
Race for ladles— Miss Herby won. Miss
Wetchen second. Miss J. Marish third.
Race for boys— V. Dunn won, E. Dunn second,
H. Fredericks third.
Race for girls — Ella Branson won, Teresa
O'Connell second. Iva Otto third.
Three-legrred race for men— Angelo and Arm
strong won." Devlin and O'Connell second; Ran
cel and Dolan third.
Fat men's race— F. Vaughn won. C. Miller
second. J. M. SullivaS third.
Members' race — R. E. Dolan won: William
Rancel second: W. P. Anpelo third.
Tu& of war between married and slnele men
— Single men's team, composed of F. Vaughn.
Charles Adams, L. N. Bandion. F. Cordes. T.
Corcoran. George Mengola. E. E. Shepherd.
Joe Basselio. Mick Marish and WHHani O'Con
nell (captain) won.
OXE hundred and twenty-five years
ago the blood of the Revolutionary
patriots was shed on Bunker Hill
In the cause of American liberty.
In commemoration of that battle 3000 men,
women and children, old and young, jour
neyed to Glenwood, in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, yesterday, and beneath a sky
of California blue heard revived with song
and story the tale of that eventful 17th of
June.
At 7:45 yesterday morning' the first ex
cursion boat pulled out of the slip, loaded
guard deep with patriotic human freight.
An hour later a second boat plowed her
way across the bay. Jammed just as full
as the earlier one. Brass bands accom
panied each section of the train that car
ried the patriotic merrymakers through
the Santa Cruz Mountains to the picnic
grounds. The usually silent depths of the
wooded canyons flung back and forth the
strains of patriotic airs sung with super
human energy and enthusiasm by the
Joyous holiday-makers as they whirled.
Three hours the Journey took, and it is
safe to say that not one of the two train
loads found It tiresome.
Arrived at the grounds luncheon was.
naturally enough after the long journey,
the first thing thought of. Happy groups
of picnickers distributed themselves be
neath the shade of the grand old red
woods and feasted ej-es and appetites at
one and the same time. The business of
eating over, the majority adjourned to
the dancing pavilion, where, in the mazes
of dreamy waltzes and lively polkas and
quadrilles discoursed by the Second Artil
lery Banti, time passed pleasantly enough
till 1:30. when the notes of a bugle call
rang out, announcing to all within hear
ing that the feature of the day was about
to take place.
Season of Music and Eloquence.
The literary exercises served to re
mind the crowd that they did not go
to Gienwood for pleasure alone, but
to implant In the hearts of their
famines, and to keep preen in their own
memories, the event after which the day
was called. Not that many needed
prompting in their patriotism. Every
mother's son and daughter was brimming
over with it and it kept demonstrating It
self In the shape of bursts of irrepressi
ble enthusiasm throughout the day and
exercises.
The- keynote of the day was struck in
the lines of the Border Poet Imprinted
on 'each programme:
Breathes there a man with soul so dead
Who never to himself hath said. This is ray
own.. my native land?
Pride for and love of their native land
was the spur which urged speakers and
singers on to surpass themselves in mel
ody and eloquence and to incite the au
dience to a yet more demonstrative en
thusiasm than that Inspired by the burn
ing words of the orators.
President Badger's Address.
After an overture by the band— a med
ley of patriotic alrs-^the Rev. T. J. Lacy
offered a prayer. "William J. Badger,
president and founder of the Bunker Hill
Association, then stepped on the plat
form and after the applause with which
he was greeted had died away delivered
a few brief opening words. The speaker
told the audience of the occasion that
each June 17 put farther away in th»
years, but as history showed which had
had the effect of founding a magnificent
nation of untold possibilities lying hid In
the^uture which lay like a book open
before tlu-m. In conclusion, the speakei
paid a fine tribute to General Joseph
Warren, who gave up his life for his
country on the blood-stained sward of
Bunker Hill.
The stage was then occupied by Alfred
Wilkie. who delivered the soul-stirring
"Sword of Bunker H1U" with splendid
effect, being called upon to repeat the
last stanza twice.
The -singer was followed by Judge Ed
ward A. Belcher, who after paying a
graceful tribute to the memory of the
revolutionary heroes Introduced the orator
of the day, Weston C. Allen. J
Orator Allen Applauded.
Mr. Allen's oration was in every respect
a satisfactory one. and the loud and long
applause which It received was well de
served. After the welcome his appearance
caused had subsided, Mr. Allen spoke In
part as follows:
"Mr. President, ladles and gentlemen,
fellow-citizens: *It gives me. I assure you.
great pleasure and fills my heart with a
sense of pride to be here to-day to ad
dress you on the glorious events which
took place at Bunker Hill 125 years ago.
In nothing, however, am I prouder than
in the fact of my right to claim the title
of an American citizen— a title which pro
claims its owner a participant in all the
privileges possible to a free and great peo
ple under the enlightened form of govern
ment we enjoy. An old adage says, 'Do
not forget that small things make suc
cess.'
"Bunker Hill may seem a more or
less small thing compared with oth'er
battles of the Revolution bloodier and
more glorious, but not a battle of
that war fought for the holy cause of
liberty was more fraught with polit
ical significance than it was. To-day
the prosperity we enjoy we owe as a debt
to the spirit thos_© patriots, always behold-
ing^ lib'ertv amid the smoke and din of
battle, instilled in us and ours. "We may
safely to-day look forward into the years
of the future .without a fear."
At the conclusion of the oration Mrs.
Eva Tenney sang "The Star-Spangled
Banner," the entire audience joining in
the chorus, every head being bared as the
notes rang out.
The Emalada Ladies' Quartet, Evelyn
Dickey and Mrs. A. Dencke sopranos, and
Lillian Copping and Ada Allen Norton al
tos, then rendered "The Marseillaise," and
after "America" had been sung by the au
dience and Rev. T. J. Lacy had pro
nounced the benedietlon a general rush
was made for the, racetrack, where nine
teen events, each brimful of excitement to
the merrymakers, were run off.
Winners of the Contests.
Races and results were as follows:.
Children under S years— Wen by W. Miller.
Children S to 12 years — Won by Roy Muster.
Boys of 17 years — Won by B. Mohrig.
Girl? of 17 years — Won r>y Helen Bachter.
Young men's race — Won by Pearl Young.
Young ladies' race — Won by Maud Pettee.
Ladies' race, round track— Won by Miss F.
"Dusari.
Fat ladies' race — Won by Miss F. Dusan.
Fat men's race — 'Won by J. E. Murray.
Married men's race^ — Won by B. Cochrane.
Married ladies' race— Won by Mrs. Picking.
Engaged ladles' race— Won by Ethel Atkin
son.
Three-IezKed race — Won by E. Sharp and R.
Craig.
Putting the shot, for men— Won by P. Pettee.
Putting the shot, for ladies— Won br Maud
Pet tee.
Running high Jump— Won by Roy Yocng.
Running broad Jump— Won by B. Cochrane.
Hop and Jump, running— 'Won by B. Cochrane.
Three standing Jumps— Won by B. Cochrane.
The executive committees of the vari
ous societies and associations having the
affair in charge and to whom the assem
blage owed In a large degree their com
fort and enjoyment, were as follows:
Bunker Hill Association— William G. Badger.
George W. Casvrell, Oliver B. Smith, Hugh
Clark, Henry Euler Jr.
Pacific Coast Association Native Sons of
Vermont— Edward A. Belcher (president). S.
G. Cheever (secretary), A. O. Colton, V. F.
Northrup, George Patridge.
Sons cf American Revolution— W. H. Jordan
(senior vic-i president). Edwin Bonnell (secre
tary). Colonel A. S. Hubbard, T. A. Perkins.
E. B. Vreeland.
Society of California Pioneers— Nlles Searls,
(rre?Id*nt), John I. Spear, Roberts Vandercook,
William L. Duncan. Almarin B. Paul.
ST. JAMES' PARISH PICNIC.
Many People Take Advantage of a
Pleasant Day and Enjoy the
Outing'.
"Rev. Fathers Lynch. McKinnon and
Griffin have every reason to be proud of
the success of St. James Parish picnic
El Campo yesterday. Everything to pro
vide fun for a fun-loving crowd was there
in plenty and enjoyed by all to the fullest
extent.
The committees in charge of the affair
bandied the programme so ably that the
tim© from the arrival of the first boat to
the hour of departure seemed far- too
short. The committees were:
Arrangements— JI. J. Stafford (chairman), D.
McCarthy, Hugh Foote. J. B. O'Connor, C.
M. McPhee, William Broderick, William Plunlt
ett. II. Vauphn, Thomas Darcy, D. Ahern, M.
Farreil, C. McCrystle, Mr. Curtin. P. McArdle,
L. Dunn, Thomas Klrby. Mr. Conklln, William
Kelly. J. H. Morrisey. Walter Smith. William
H. McCarthy, John Collins, Joseph Brady, J.
P. Leonard, James Donahue, D. Donovan,
James Flynn. T. H. Corcoran.
Reception— Charles McPhee (chairman). M.
Vaughn. J. Collins. John Byrne, M. Nolan,
Peter McArdle. T. H. Corcoran.
Games— William H. Kelly <chalrman). Walter
Smith, Hugh Foote. L. Dunn, C. McPhee, J.
B. O'Connor, J. M. Donlon, J. Flynn. M.
Vaughn, M. Farrell. J. H. Morrisey, James
Donahue. Joseph Brady.
Floor— W. H. McCarthy (floor manager).
Henry Da we, Walter Smith, James Donahue.
D. McCarthy, James Flynn. R. Ringwood.
The games and contests. resulted as fol
lows: ;¦¦ '-.?-j7 ."•.¦ ••
Race for children under S years— Walter Staf
ford won, Hilary Hayden second. Leslie Mc-
Donald third.
Race for beys under 8 years— Bert Hayden
won, Pete Moloney second, Tom Sullivan third.
Race for girla under S years — Flossie Grady
won, Lillian Nolan second, Mabel Dougherty
third. ,
Race for boys under 12 years— Joe Murphy
won. R. Boyd second. Ed Maher third.
Race for > girls under 12 years— Margaret
Buckley won, Lillian Kernes second. Alice
Qulr.n third.
Race for boys of Immaculate Conception So
ciety—Harry Stafford won, Dick Barry second.
Bob Donovan third.
Race, for srirU of Immaculate. Conception So
ciety—Claire MeCormlck won, Vosephine Fer
nandez second. Ethel Kingrose third.
Race for boys from S to 12 yeari— Joe Murphy
won, Ed Kelleher second. Jim O'Brien third.
Race for girls from 12 to 16 years— Vene Dal
mas won. Freda Oil second, Mabel Clevenger
third.
Race for boys from IS to 20 years-^J. McJIur
ny won, H. Hardy second. F. Smith third.
Race for youns ladles— Nellie Vau?han won.
Josephine Girot second. Bernadette Dwyer
third.
Race for young men-Joseph Sullivan iron,
J. Haynes second. T. Cushins third.
Race for members of committees— Walter
Smith won, James Donahue second. James
Flynn third.
Race for fat men — Joseph Brady . won.. J.
Tlllman second, J. J. Crowley third.
"TTNO" T.ABISH FOUND.
Denies That She "Was Induced to
Leave Her Home by Whitfleld.
Special Disratch to The Call.
SAM JOSE. June 16. — "Tino" Lablsh.
who was the cause of the shooting of
"Professor" C. W. Whitfleld by her
father. Michael Labish, at Watsonvllle a
few days ago. was arrested here to-day in
a house on North Market street and re
turned to "vTatscrtvilie to be a ¦witness n:
the case. Lillie Labish is IS years of asre
and she claim3 she left home because hrr
father abused her. When she disappeared
Labish blamed "Whitfielri for it and ac
cused him of abductir.g: her and finally
shot him three times, inflictim? a. senr.us
wound. She denies that Whitfleld induced
her to leave home, but states* her father
frequently threatened to kill Whitfleld,
and that she warned the latter of the
threats.
The State convention of patriotic bod
ies from ail over the State who are inter
ested la the Lincoln Memorial LeagTit
movement met in Academy of Sciences
!ivll yesterday afternoon and was called
tc crder by Judge M. Cooney. who pre
fented "vT. W. Stcrie. president of the
Vague, who made the opening address.
The convention continued its labors
throughout the aiternocn and evening
tr.d mcch wjls accomplished toward
hrcs-derJng the coveaent and interesting
th<? T.tire State in x an efTort to raise to
•. ¦-- memory cf Abraham Lincoln aSsuma*
fr.\ -Jizx would show to the coming gen
«ra.:i&ns the love of a great people for its
greatest leader.
Permanent organization was effected by
the ejection cf M. M. Estee. the newly ap
• •¦ i Chief Jv^tice of Hawaii, as chalr
man; Lieutenant Governor Xe2T as vice
c -.alrmaun ar.d T. J. Peck secretary. Dur
ir.p tne afternoon epecches were made t>*
ils.yor Pheian. Judge Estee, Judge
Cocr-ey ar.d Chairman Stane. The follow
iz.fr committees were r.aaed by the chair;
R»s rl\if.cz.f— Llecter^st Gcvemrr J. H. r»e|T.
Z> BsirtL Colonel C. 'jltson K.:nne. w. vk.
Eteat tr.2 il:*s HodzemAi-.n.
reacting -Crttntl J. Harrs.y Ei'.'.ev, C. TT.
C : i--. W. D. H:we. Mrs. J. Murray Bailey
c-1 Mir* HcKiceniann.
delegates were accredited to
¦ - ccr.vcr.iicr;, a* follows: San Francisco
S, Xlisneii. D. Los Angeles 5. Santa Clara
* ar.d Shasta 2 esxi: and 1
f-ch from sixteen ether cousties. Many
itfeer interested people who were in a.t
r.ce were jrivea s-c-ats. Music was
t smisbed during the afterr.ocr. by the
r. H'.jrh School boys' quartet.
""re ev^r.ir.g session of the convention.
v -h L:<?u:«;r.ar.t Governor Nc-5 :n the
was most interesting. Ringing
i ¦ eches were made by Judge Burnett of
-ra J. H. McKr.ight. Mrs. Addle L.
:;-»u aad E. Demcxa, who represented
th« colored people. Judge Henry C. £>lb
v f- recited an original poem depicting the
1 v- of the Grand Army veterans for Lin
ar.d G'r.era! E. £. Salomon related
r-rr'or.al reminiscences of the martyred
The comir.ittee oti resolutions recom
mended the adoption of resolutions pro
viding for the toilovrir.?: The forming oZ
in auxiliary committee, to consist of two
r-'tnbers from each patriotic organization
;r. Lh>' State, to co-operate with th<»leag-ue.
Lies the colored people to aid in the
-. 'V:: I i hoM in abejnusce ihe selection of
a "site for the "proposed monument and in
the rr.>&r.whi»e cam? a committee of ttf
¦ ¦ to consider plans and 'orations and
to talerest the school children in the
movement by having those of every school
:• tt« State contribute each 10 cents. The
report of ite committee was adopted and
&!>o the following pledge:
Wher^a*. It appears that the Lincoln MOBa
r.'.tr.l L*a£~e was cn?arilz*d in the moft exalted
t-p'.r.t t'. pdrtcttsia for tfic so!e purr*** rtt tes
ttfjtnc *o ars^ <J*noBirtr*t:as to mankind the
c «-«i,-5 ct tt>e r*ople of California to the
c^ii^<" «*J bwSB*» freedom and tneir undyinc rev
eitncf and aSecuon lor its greatert and tnoet
Bnwlfisb acvi>caie. Abraham Lincoln, be it
t^<rer^re ?
STATE JOINS IN EFFORT
FOR LINCOLN MONUMENT
W. W. Stow, Mise Hodpernan, C. M. Kinne.
Robert Graham. W. F. Howe. S. W. Wood.
Mrs. Anr.le "Wood. C. W. Gordon. Dr. G. B.
Tols-.an. Dot S. Mortimer, Laura J. Robinson.
Fannie B. Matthews. Elizabeth Howe. Mrs.
Vaughn. S. A. Nil*. Mrs. Mary Craig. E. M.
Giland. MU» L. Cantus. Mies Ercliy L*w;s.
Miss Lizzie Car.tus. Charles Johnson, Mrs. S.
J. Williams. Mrs. L. J. Pre-ton. Mrs. S. M.
Smith. S. W. rarpenier. Jcserh Washington.
Mrs. J. C. Goodwin. W. J. Park. S. M. Casse.
W. £. Smali. John Murrhy. Tfcorr.a* I* Pchuck.
C B. Ruklr.s. Ttorr.as Henr.fssey. Mrs. H. C.
D!bb>. H. H. Klrby. Mrs. S E. Noble. An
drew Sorcr.scn. R. Graham. John Murphy. TV.
F\ Howe, S. W. Knowles, T. W. 'Wood. E. H.
Hum, R. R. B!ge!ow. E. K. Ewin*. J. H.
McKnlfrht, Mrs. G. Kodgeman. Mark Lane.
A. Hagemar.n. M. Ei*felter. Bert Bouton, J.
Mutrhy. XamM M. Brca-er. M. Cooney. \V. W.
?ion<\ E. J. Younp. G. T. Shaw, J. H. Neff.
William H .WharX Alb-rt G. Burnett, T. D.
Bamslead. Edward S. Solomon. A. L. Isaacs,
T. C. Dibble. Mrs. K. J. Grimmer, F. W. Cush
ir.g. Eugene Wlepand. Mrs. A. Ayr?«. Mrs. J.
M. Bailey, Ellsha Brocks. John C Innes. S.
Pturjrei". Marjrn-et A. Kr.binson. Mrs. K. R.
Waddell. V. H. Grirr.mpr. J. Murray Bailey.
Mr*. Addle I- Ballou. Marr L. Hoed, Laura
?. Fowler, Mrs. C. Ehtrwoott and E. H. Avery.
D. D. \
The musical programme of the evening
¦was s'-pplied by the. young ladies of the
Mission High School and was very enjoy
able. Miss K. Black rendered "The Star
Spangled Banner" in effective style. A
girls' quartet, composed of Misses Viola
Van Orden. Hal'.ie Duncan. Mildred Moote
and Edr.a Craig, won several encores.
Miss Craig Par.g Vanner's "Cradle Song"
very sweetly. Miss Grace Neuberger act
ing as accompanist.
C. W. Kyle offered a resolution paying
a high tribute to M. M. Estee. chairman
of the committee of ¦way? and means, •who
is soon to go to Hawaii as Chief Justice.
It was adopted by a rising vote.
Before the convention adjourned the
delegates Joined in Pinging' "America."
Following is a full list of the accredited
delegates:
Mrs. Georgia. Hodgnan. Los Anffeles; Miss
Wap-.fr, Mar!r>c-sa; Mrs. T. J. Kirk. Secra
rr.er.to; Mrs. Addle L. Ballcu. San FraacUco;
Mrs. J. Murray Bailey, San Francisco.
Chairman Xeff named the following
committee to examine places and deter
mine on a site: .
Colonel C. Mas:- Kir.ne, San Frar.ciseo;
Frar.ic W. Cushlne. Oakland: Genera! Harrison
Orav Otis. Ix>s Ar.g^Ies: General A. T. D'.ll.
San IMeco; Eitrard Ftraub. Crescent City: SI.
Coon»y. Ear. Francisco; J. L. Wir.ar.s. Peia-
Ijrr.a: J. M. Walilr.s. Nevada City; Meyer
Jan-.*s D. Phf'.as. San Francisco; T. J. KirV,
Sacramento; Robert Furlcr.s. Se^i Rafael; W.
W. Stonp. San Francisco: George W. Ccx.
5i«-ra; Thcmw OunnizLCtaic. Stockton; J. P».
Grteiey, Santa Ana.
The chairman sppointed the following
named as a committee to look after the
¦work in the schools:
He»'lved. That it Is the sacred duty oi the
people of this State to erect such a BHmmaeatt
at s.8 early a day as possible, ar.d we &o row
here ass«rr,t!ed pledge ourselves as citizens and
representatives to use oar best eScrts for the
acc;r=p!!?hrr;ent ct that cbjsct. «f
Resolved, That tfc* pecple of California, cow
in Oils convention represented, fully Indorse the
Linccln Mfr.utttnt League as now organized.
together with all Us patriotic efforts la the
ri-st. Irs the acc-mulaticn of a fund for the
! erectim of a suitable monument on this coast
| to the memory of tte martyred President. Be
it farther
Two Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND, June 15.— Jud^e Ogden to
day granted a divorce to William J. Bray
form Maud Florence Bray on the ground
of willful desertion.
In the divorce action of D. T. Harris
against B. W. Harris Judge Ogden grant
ed a decree to the defendant on the
ground of desertion. The plaintiff was or
dered to pay $30 a month alimony and ji)
counsel fees. Harris brought suit for a
divorce on May IX The case -was referred
to Court Commissioner Babcock. •who rec
ommended that judgment be awarded to
Mrs. Harris.
OAKLANT). June 16.— The Rev. David
Wlrt, who ¦was for a number of years
prominently identified with the Congre
gational church on the PaciSc Coast, died
this morring at his home. 973 Center
street. He retired from the ministry
about five years ago on account of ill
health. The Rev. Mr. Wirt was 70 years
old. He was born in Ohio and after
preaching for years in the middle States
came to California. He arrived her*
about ten years ago. He was the father
of the Rev. Loyal L. Wlrt of Oakland,
who. with h!s wife. Is now engaged in
missionary work in the minirg camps of
Alaska. Another son is A. L. Wirt. an
engineer in the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company.
The Rev. I.oyal L- Wlrt is said to be
now on his way to this city and arrange
ments for the funeral have been postponed
until his arrival.
DEATH OF A VENERABLE
OAKLAND MINISTER
SUPERIOR JUDGE E. C. HART
of Sacramento County has de
cided that he is not disquali
fied from sitting in the trial of
. the suit of the Contra Costa
"Water Company against the city of
Oakland to declare the present
water rates Illegal. He has fonnally
announced his Intention of sitting in
t the case, despite the specific request
made by Robert T. Hayne, the spe
cial attorney for the city of Oak
land, that he not try the case. Thus
the outcome of one of the many le
gal sensations that have occurred In
the courts of Alameda County Is the
remarkable determination of a
Judge from another county deciding
to try a case In which he was in
vited to sit by one of the Superior
Judges of the county, after ho was
directly requested to withdraw by
the attorney for the people.
The entire proceeding was most.,
unusual, anirno matter how many
declarations Judge Hart may make
that he will give a fair and impar
tial hearing of the case, there will
always lurk In the Oakland mind a
feeling . that he may have been
prejudiced by the unequivocal stand
taken by the attorneys for the city.
OAKLAND, June 15.— Judge E. C
Hart came down from Sacramento
this morning, having announced
yesterday that he would render a
decision this afternoon on the motion of
Robert T. Hayne. special counsel for tha
city of Oakland in the water rate suit
brought by the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, that he retire from the trial of the
case as disqualified. Judge Hart an
nounced on Thursday that he would give
his decision in writing and he had so
prepared It, but before he ascended the
bench in Judge Ogden's department this
afternoon he destroyed his written de
cision and rendered a verbal one.
Judge Hart began, his decision by ex
plaining that to-<iay was the only day he
could give to the case until far into next
week, and then gave an outline o£ the
case from the time that Judge Ogden de
cided that he was a party at interest azd
consequently disqualified down to and in
cluding the arguments for and against his
sitting as the trial Judge in the caje,
"I know that it is the duty of a Judge,"
continued Judge Hart, •'against whom an
objection is made to sitting in a causa
¦where he has any doubt as to his right to
do so, his authority to do so or his duty to
do so, to resolve that doubt in favor of
the party who objects and relinquish or re
tire from the bench. On the other hand l
know that when a Judge conscientiously
and honestly believes he is not disquali
fied It is just as much his duty to re
main as a trial Judse of the cause. In
other words, it is not compatible with the
dignitv and honor of the distinguished po
sition "to which a Judge Is elected by the
people to shirk any duty that Is incum
bent upon him or thrown upon him by the
law."
Judge Hart then read several sections
of the codes and referred to several de
cisions and finally quoted the section of
the constitution which makes the calling
of an outside Judge possible and contin
ued his decision, saying:
A Peculiar Condition.
"Now suppose in a county where there
is but one Judge and the Judge therein
is disqualified by reason of interest la the
litigation pending before the court; he
would in ail probability resort to the nec
e«sarv and usual and ordinary procedure
of calling the attention of the Governor
to the fact and requesting the Governor
to request a Judge to go into the county
and hear that cause. Suppose the Gover
nor did not and would not do it. Accord
ing to my construction and interpreta
tion of this provision of the constitution
I don't think you could make him do it.
It simply says "When he does do it.' mere
lv a power that he can employ. When he
does do it it is the duty or the Judga
to go, but there is nothing in the consti
tution, in my opinion, that makes U'man
datory upon the Governor to do it.
"If that is a correct conception of that
section of the constitution what would be
the result If the contention of the defend
ant in this case be true that the Judge
wa3 disqualified from calling in another
Judge? It would be somebody's duty to do
so. Somebody would have to do something
in order that litigation might be disposed
of. Therefore. In my opinion, it would be
left to the Judge who was disqualiSed to
try the cause to call in a Judge to dispose
of that business before the court.
"I have reached the conclusion, whether
right or wrong, that it was meant under
section 170 of the Code of Civil Procedure
that the Judge who might be disquali
fied from trying the cuuse might, within
that language, have the power of calling
in a Judge to dispose of the case in which
he i3 disqualified.
Believes He Is Qualified.
"I have concluded, therefore, that I am
cot disqualifiied to try this case for any
reason.
"I -wish to further state that during the
progress of the argument on this question
there were brought into the case some
matters which bear upon the propriety
of my sitting in this case for personal rea
sons and considerations. "W hile it is a
matter of much* delicacy for a Judge to
preside over the trial of a cause in which
me parties upon one side or the other ap
pear to believe that the political associa
tions and affiliations of the trial Judge
are such as to render it hardly probable
that he would be fair and impartial In the
discharge of his official duties, I regard
it as my duty as a public officer, exercis
ing the highest and noblest functions of
government, solemnly and sacredly
pledged to administer the law faithfully
and honestly as I understand it, without
regard to persons or their social standing
or political or religious creed or opinion,
ana so far as my humble abilities will
permit me to uphold the dignity of the
honorable position to which I was elected,
to refuse to relinquish the right which I
believe is clearly vested In me to remain
as the trial Judge in this case.
"I wish further to say that I entertain
absolutely no feeling against any one con
nected with this cause for any objections
which may have been interposed against
my trying this cause. I recognize the In
alienable right of any attorney or any
party to a litigation to do everything that
is honorable and proper to see that a fair
and impartial trial, as la contemplated by
law and to which every citizen is entitled,
is had. to raise such questions and call
them to the attention of the court as will
enable tne Judge to determine whether or
not any course to be pursued will circum
vent that trial to which every citizen is
entitled in this country.
Will Be Fair and Impartial.
"I propose to try this cause if! live or
If my. health remains good, and I hope
and propose to demonstrate to the citi
zens of Oakland and to the citizens of
California that I can. as I always have
since I have been upon this bench, be ab
solutely fair and Impartial in the trial of
this cause and that I shall decide it ulti
mately, when the cause Is submitted to
me. upon the facts and upon nothing else,
"Gentlemen, it is an unusual thing for
a Judge to make a speech from the bench.
This might be characterised a3 such, but
there were some little things said during
the hearing of the cause which, of course,
would naturally hurt the feelings of an
individual; but I say I do not entertain
any feeling- against the honorable gentle
man who believes it to be his duty to his
clients to use these expressions. I can as
sure him. as I said beforeSthat they shall
have a fair trial and ample time in which
to prepare."
Judge Hayne. for tho city, took tho
usual exception, but said not a word fur
ther, and an hour more was taken v? with
argument over the motion ol the city that
they be permitted to examine certain
book3 of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany. The wnole proceeding hinged upon
the fact that it was vacation time. Th<»
attorneys for the Contra Costa Water
Company, who are fuiry prepared %for
trial, wanted ttie case set for trial at once,
and ¦would not consent to the hearing' of
the motion to examine books unless they
could get the case set for trial. The wi'ola
matter was finally settled by Judge Hart,
who said that he would hear the motion
to examine books next Wednesday, *n<J
that the attorneys for the Contra Costa
Water Company could be prepared to op
pose the motion at that time.
Despite the Objections of the Attorneys for the
City the Sacramento Jurist Decides
to Remain.
Holds That He Is Legally Qualified
to Try the Oakland Water
Rate Case.
JUDGE HART WILL
NOT STEP DOWN
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, <flXN~E 17, 1900.
Three Thousand Enthusiastic Americans Assemble in- the
Santa Cruz Mountain Resort to Commemorate i
the Battle of Bunker Hill.
GLENWOOD GROVES SHADE
PATRIOTIC MERRY MAKERS
Cut
Cartoonist Warren Portrays the Patriots as He Saw Them.
Will Seek Championship Honors.
25
f Economy Prices. £
\ Groceries and Liquors.^
Ham. .pound i2]/zc\
t Mild cared, sweet and tender — r
A medium f at . Usually ISc a
jRex Breakfast Bacon a
1 S^!g£2 s S8t. Pound i 3 cj
Sweet— jest rich: for oreakfasc
Patent Roller Flour J
ln^ ood 50 lb sack 7 ocj
money. Too mar even use it for --Y
bread isakizg. Regular £2c. j
New PickleS (Pl*i= or nixed) \
f|r 3 gallon keg 6 5 cJ
JFrerch Sardines J
? &£&£**x. 3 cans 25c J
\CRACKER SPECIALS: 9
\Cracknells pound 20c?
f . Specially rood for children. f
f CocoanutTafiys.. pound locf
i Home mads style. A
iFig Bars pound ioci
Usually 23c pound. " \
Wheat Manna. .2 lb pkg 5cJ
For breakfast. Children cry for W
V- It KeytiUriac. A
Cold Spring Cream. can 5C1
Can be caed use as fresh »niTV »
'. Eegalar 3 f or 23c m
Eclipse Champagne
- ThL*pri.-e*e«n/tobe qtS 5OC^
a entirely out of proportion. _,«._ __ \
f Howerer we are w.Wag ptS 3o c "
A to sell you— and in any viantity . m
American Club Whiskey a
We doabt you rrailnr, ? T t\
can buy as good gallon fl./^i
whiskey for le*s than $X 00 f
.-, elsewhere. Our regular price {2. 50. 0
Kellogg's A Whiskey fi
Bottled by-WlHswrd- U^f-Ip, ~- r A
in? Lowe & Co. DOttie {
Rye f
f Whiskey bottle 75c*
§ Case^.ca This brand received j
V — hi£he*t award at Chicago World's \
A Fair 1£9±. A
Claret gallon 35CJ
\ This wine is of heavy Burgundy ' \
9 tvpe. well matured and would b j §
' \ cheap at 6lc- \
\H5 Market St. S. Y. Shattuek At. Ferkriey *
»3th AWashintrtoB.Oak Ontrai At*. Alameda A
MOOT Broadway. " Tta & Wood, Oat. \
f 53 Is: Street. San Joss. |FRANK PRINTZ ENDS
LIFE WITH POISON
Sick and Despondent Printer Swal
lows Dose ot Carbolic Acid, With
Fatal Result.
•Frank Prlntz, a printer, committed sui
cide yesterday afternoon in his room in
the Winchester House, at 58 Third street,
by taking carbolic acid. Printz had been
residing with his wife and child at 728
Howard street, and had been in ill health
for about a year, during the greater part
of which time he had been drawing sick
benefits from societies of which he was a
member. Three days ago he engaged the
room in the Winchester House in which
his dead body was found yesterday. On
the bureau in the room vras a note, read
ing as follows:
"June 15— To whom it may concern: All
my papers will be found in Oakland in the
possession of Mr. ."
The note ended abruptly. Prlntz was a
member of the Typographical Union and
of Eureka Lodge No. 9. Knights of
Pythias.
Special Offering,' this month only; la
dles' tailor-made suits to order. Baron
Ladies' Tailor, 22 and 24 Grant avenue' • '¦'-
Cornerstone Ceremonies.
This afternoon the German Evangelical
Lutheran St. John's Church will lay the
cornerstone of Its new church edifice now
being erected on Twenty-second street
between Capp and Howard, Services will
begin at 3 o'clock and will bo conducted
in both German and English.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Halrdressliig, 25c; manicuring, 25c; sham
pooing, 25c; facial massage and steaming.
is Your Face Unwomanly?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chin or person? If you have, B. B. B. English
Caramel Is just what you want. It removes and
cures this unfortunate blemish. After one' ap
plication your face will be as free from hair as
the palm of your hand..
B. B. B. English Caramel Is indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty, years
of successful practice In England and on the
Continent. It le. In fact, the- only satisfactory
eradication of superfluous hair known to sci
ence. ¦ .
We guarantee a cure In every case under
taken. Women attendants. Prompt attention
to mall orders with stamp.
MRS. DIETZ. formerly with the Burden.
Manual Training Teacher Arrive*.
C. T. Work, who was recently appointed
supervisor of manual training In the local
school department by the Board of Educa
tion, arrived in this city from St. Louis
on last night's overland. He was met at
the ferry by President Mark of the Board
of Education, who escorted Ti!m to a local
hotel. Mr. Work will confer with the
School Directors this week regarding the
establishment of manual training plants
in the public schools.
An Interesting Programme of Events
Prepared for the Fourth,
of July.
The eleventh annual gathering and
games of the Scottish Thistle Club will be
held at Shell Mound Park on the Fourth
of July, and everything is being done to
make the event a most successful one.
The programme of games embraces about
forty events for which cash and medal
prizes will be given. The games will be
under the supervision of Clansmen Don
aldson, Ross and Paterson and will last
from 10 a. m. till after sunset.
At night there will be an open air con
cert, ball and magnificent display of fire
works. Dancing will continue throughout
the entire day and night. The tent which
has always been a feature of the gather
ings of the club will be under the super
vision of Chieftain A. Strong and the re
ception committee.
As an introductory to the games a com
plimentary entertainment will be held at
Metropolitan Temple Thursday eventng
for which an interesting and varied pro
gramme has been prepared. The pros
pects are that It will be one of the biggest
affairs of the kind ever held in the city.
ANNUAL GAMES OF
THE THISTLE CLUB
Judge Seawell Decides That He Can
not Attack the State School
1-und.
E. C. Kilpatrlck, ex-principal of the
Business Evening School, has been de
nied his back salary* by Judge Seawell.
He sued the School Board for pay for all
the. time he was under suspension, and It
would probably have been granted to him
from the city school fund if there had
been any money there, but there was none
and the Auditor refused jto audit his de
mand upon the State fund. Kilpatrlck
sued to compel him to do so, • and now
Judge Seawell, to whom the case was as
signed for trial, has decided that he
cannot have the money. In his decision
Judge Seawell said:
The St8te school fund can be used only for
the payment of teachers of primary and gram
mar schools. It Is contended by plaintiff Kil
patrlck that the Business Evening School Is a
grammar school. It appears, however, by the
minutes of the Board of Education that the
only studies which are required to be taught
In that school are bookkeeping:, stenography
and type-writing and that the standard for ad
mission to It Is: First, graduation from a pram
mar school; second, graduation from the elgrbth
grade of the evening school; third, examina
tions equivalent to the standard of graduation
from a grammar school.
The Business Kvening School, being neither
a primary nor a grammar school, the plaintiff,
as one of Its teachers, is not entitled to be paid
out of any part of the moneys In the treasury
which came from the "»ate school fund.
NO PAY FOR KILPATRICK
DURING HIS SUSPENSION
WOMEN WHO ARE IN
NATIONAL POLITICS
RpHE wedding of Mif<= Olive Irene Snl-
I der and John Merrill, which takes
j[ place next Tuesday at noon, will
be the most prominent social
event of the week. It is to be
a church wedding and will bv sol
*-mr.izod at the First Congregational
Church. Mis? Gladys Merrill, the sister
of the proom, will be the maid of honor
and Harry Holbrook is to be best man.
Ralph D. Merrill, Frank King, William
Hazdton. Orlo Eastwood. Clarence Doane
and 1). S'-arles will olliciate as ushers.
A weddine breakfast, for which more
than 1X> invitations have been issued, will
follow the ceremony at the residence of
the groom's parents, 1732 Washington
atreet.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Greer Harrison have
Bern out invitations for the marriage of
I heir -'.aiitlitor, JIKs Mary I^uise Harri
son, to George Britten Walkington, at
Christ Church, Brondesbury. London, on
Wednesday afternoon. July IS. at 2 p. m.
Mr. and Mr«. Edwin C'arlton Swift have
pent out invitations for the marriage of
ilnir tiaurhtor. Miss Mabelle Florence
Swift, to <'larence Moore, on Wednesday.
June 20. at noon, at St. Peter's Episcopal
Church; Beverly, Mass. A special train
Mill lak«' the invited Kucsts from Boston.
Miss Swift is well known in this city,
havir.p spent feveral months here with
hir cousin. Miss Adelaide Murphy.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Davis announce
the engagement cf their daughter Birdie
to George W. Akxandi r. They will receive
Sunday. June H-t. at their residence, 443Vi
F.ryant street, between 2 and 5 p. ra.
The engagement is announced of E. L.
Webber and Mi?s Maud Kean. The pros
pective rtooui is a prominent attorney of
Napa City, and bia fiancee Is a belle and
beauty, also «if Napa City.
Miss Lily McCaffrey of this city and
John \V. Murphy of Pttaluma will be mar
ried at St. Mary's Cathedral on Saturday.
June 23.
The enpa^rement reception of Miss Giis
nie Abrams and Meyer Atteli will be held
ti'-day at 18 <lrove street.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Willard have is
?u«-d invitations for the wedding of their
tiifce. Miss Blanche Brown, to Marcus
Levy, to take place Wednesday afternoon.
June », at 2200 Post street, it will be a
strictly family affair.
A (redding ceremony was performed on
Sunday, the 10th inst.. at 6 p. in., at Odd
Fellows' Hall. Alamedn, according to the
rites of the Jewish church, by Rev. I>r.
Myers of the Bush-street Temp!*?, the con
tracting parties being Mips Nanette Roth-
Mum, daughter of Mr. ar.d Mrs. X. S.
liothblum of Alameda, and Mitchell Ru
benstein, a j>rominent business man of
Hanford. The bride was becomlngly
gowned in white chiffon trimmed In valen
riesmes lace. £he was attended by Miss
Hul'i.t Lewin of San Luis Obispo. who
acted as maid of honor. Louis Ruben
ttein of New York, brother of the groom,
acted as best man. Aft< r the ceremony
the srutsts repaired to the banquet hall,
where dinner was served. ma;iy congratu
latory t=p^<-ches being made. Later in the
evening Mr. and Mrs. Rubenstein depart
ed for Hanford. their futur j home. Amonq
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Rotbblum. Mr. L>-win. Public Administra
tor of San Luis Obispo. and Mrs. Lewin;
Mr. Frodden. a public 0<!}cU1 of Alameda.
and Mrs. Frodden: Mr. and Mrs. Sol'iman,
Mr. and Mrs. H.itnmerschlay, Mr. ard Mrs.
Jaeobowski. Mr. andMrs. Kichlcff. Mr. and
Mrs. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Liehenstein, Mr.
and Mrs. Lyon. Mrs. Jnnes. Messrs.
.Abramson, N. Harris. M. Rothblum. C. \V.
Daman, F. Irabois. L. C. Rubenstein and
the Misses Hulda Lewin. E. Soloman. R.
Harris. H. Jones, K. Hjman, D. Frodden
and R. <JoMb*>rg. : •
Miss Ei he! Prewett of Livingston. Mont.,
nr.d Richard A. Norman of (Iridley. Cal.,
were married last Wednesday in the par
lors «jf the St. Nicholas Hotel. The Rev.
"\V. C. Jenkins of the First Raptist Church
performed the ceremony. The mother of
the bride and a few intimate friends were
present. The bride is the daughter of Mr.
und Mrs. W. H. Prewett of Livingston",
h< r father being a prominent mining man
of Montana. The bridegroom is a prom
inent drugfrist of Oridley and well known
Jr. fraternal circles throughout the State.
Mr. and Mrs. Norman will, after a few
weeks' traveling In the southern part of
the State, make their future home in Grid-
Icy.
l-jome Gatherings
A birthday party was given to Marie
Tiorges recently on the occasion of her
thirteenth birthday. A very pleasant
evening was spent In elnglng and games,
and later supper was served. Among
those present were: Marie Borges, Jen
nie B. and Annie Johnson. Henry Soto,
Marie Felder. Joseph Borges. William
Scott and Mrs. Borges.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Mr. and Mrs. J. C. O'Connor at
the McMahon House. Colrna, on Saturday
evening. June 9. The following programme
•was rendered: Piano selections, Miss Alice
Barry: vocal solo, Miss Annie Egan; spe
cialties. James D. Phelan; cakewalk, Mi»s
Katie Barry and James O'Connor; vocal
polo. Will D. Hughes; plantation melodies.
Professor Thomas Bree; tenor solo. Will
J. PuiUlgan. Among those present were:
Mr. and"Mrs. James D. Phelan, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Long. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. O'Con
nor Mrs. O. Barry. Mr?. McMahon. Mr.
nnd Mrs. G. F. VMar. Mrs. Hamlin. Mrs.
V. Coleman, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. J. O'Con
nor. Miss A. M^Ternan, Mrs. A. Hamlln,
MIfp Mamie McMahon. Mi. cs Minnie Bar-
rv Miss Laura Hughes. Miss Annie Kean,
Miss Katie Barry- MIfs Nelly Egan, Miss
Itena Connolly, Miss Alice Barry. Miss
wife, W. R. Clark. Miss J. Dean, W. R.
Douglass. Goorge K. Fairchild, F. P. Fell,
R. C. Goer, G. C L. Goodman and wife.
Miss E. M. Graham, M. C. Harris, T..W.
Hobron, J. M. Hodgcman, B. Howard,
Miss N. E. Keating. Miss M. Kershaw,
Mrs. H. N. Klmball; Miss 15. Kimball. Miss
Ci. Lamkin. A. T. Large. N. L. Marquc-z,
J. D. Martin, Captain William Matson,
John McCbmb] F. McVicar, R. Morris,
James NH11, wife, maid and valot; R. J.
Nestcll. Mrs. J. J. Nestell. E. Niehaus. M.
A. O'Carrall. W. L. Peterson, T. Poindex
ter. O. B. Scott. S. Seaton. E. O. Shackel
ford, V. Waldron and wife, Mrs. H. A.
Wharton. Miss A. M. Whitney, H. A.
Widemann and Miss N. H. Zeave. Apia—
G. Krafft. wife and child; Victor Peters
and P. Strepp. Auckland— R. F. Fowler
and wifo. Bishop George M. Lenihnn, J. L.
Passmorei T. O. Price and J. E. White.
Sydney-Mrs. Dr. P. Alden, Hon. John P.
Bray. E. A. Cullen, M. Emerson and wife,
Charles Emmons, Mrs. George Gray, D.
R. Holmes. A. F. Mollison. W. Norman,
W. A. Norman. W. H. Pawsey, W. A.
Penlrs. W. A. Rhynard. Mrs. Russell. Miss
G. Schrciber, A. H. Scott and wife. W. St.
John, John L. Webb. Miss M. Weppner,
Miss A. Wolf and Miss L. E. Wolf.
The following passengers from the Pa
cific Coast .sailed on the Hamburg-Ameri
can line express steamer Fuerst Bismarck
from New York on May 31: Ellas M.
Hecht. Charles Meyer. Mr. and Mrs. Ed
ward Stehn. Julius Holm. Mr. and Mrs.
Anton Fornandez, Jose Telscelra, Mrs.
John McMullen. Mrs. J. Wise, Mrs. R.
Wise, R. Rodewaldt, Jacques Bernard,
Mr. and Mrs. Herman WUndram, Miss
Mercedes Wundram. Miss A. S. Jorgensen,
Mr. and Mrs. August F. Meyer. Miss Alma
Meyer. Miss Time Meyer, Fred Meyer,
Mrs. A. Jasper. Miss C. Brodorsen. Anton
Kchubrr. Miss Katherine Schuber, Miss A.
Svalla and Jules Fuslor.
On tho Hamburg-American twin-screw
passeiifror steamship Belgravia on June 5:
Miss Alma Berk. Miss Lizzie Miller," Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Collier, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Matthiesen. Miss Georglne Matthiescn. W,
1>. Petersrn. Mrs. H. Petersen and Miss
Emily Peterson.
On the Hamburg-American express
steamship Kaiser Friedrlch, from New
York. Jinn- 7: Carey Johnstone, H. A.
T.uissis. Mr. and Mrs. Louis B. Parrott,
Miss ParrottJ Miss Daisy Parrott. Mr. and
Mrs. L. Klkus, Charles de Young Elkus,
Miss Gertrude Buckley, George T. -Page,
Mr. Georgo T. Page and Miss Leslie Page.
On the Hamburg-American twin-screw
passenger steamship Pretoria." June !): J.
Abramson. Miss L. Brand. K. Mackintosh,
Mrs. A. Mackintosh, Miss G. Mackintosh,
Miss Fanny Jacobs. Charles Lufccke, Ber
nard Beck. Miss Bertha Jungclaus, Mrs.
Anna Christensen, Sander Christensen and
'Peter Christensen.
Personals
Mrs. Leondo Roos and family left yes
terday for Camp Taylor for their annual
summer outing.
Louis Metzger, accompanied by his
nephew, Sylvain Schnalttacher, left last
evening to make an extended trip
throughout the United States and Europe.
They expect to he gone six months. '
Dr. and Mrs. T. A. Vogcl have returned
from their southern trip and have taken
up their residence at 1S23 Oak street,
whf-rf they will be pleased to receive their
friends on the first Tuesday of each
month.
Miss Tillif Ohlandt has left for a three
weeks' stay at Wegner's villa, near Glen
Ellen. She is accompanied by Airs, un
landt Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. George Hinkel of this city
leave Wednesday next for axi extended
tour of the East and Europe, and will re
main away several months.
Mrs. Henry A. Rauft and Miss Perkins
will leave the city to-morrow for Ventura.
Miss Minnie Blass of 2S31 California
street is ppen 3ing her summer vacation
at the beautiful home of Mrs.. D. E. Mo
rcy at Mountain View.
Mre. Isidore Jonas (nee Keene) and
Miss Rosa Kerne will leave shortly for
Ben Lomond. Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Cleve have left the
city for Duncans 'Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Julian Oesterreicher have
left on a visit to New York, en route to
Europe.
George W. Elder andvfamily are spend
ing the summer at Mill Valley.
Louis Goodman and his daughter Annie
of 9K>% Powell street are visiting South
ern California.
Mrs. L. Sisenvine and daughters have
gone to Melitta on a visit.
Mrs. H. Davis will leave for the south
to-morrow. She will be pleased to see her
friends to-day at COO Willow avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Hyman will re
ceive their friends In the future at their
new home, C57 Guerrero street, between
Eighteenth and Ninetenth.
Dr. and Mrs. II. D. Noble have returned
from their Eastern trip and will be
pleased to see their friends at 1328 Chest
nut street, Oakland, the fourth Wednes
day in June and the second and fourth
Wednesdays in July.
Mrs. E. A. Baer of Bakersfield Is spend
ing the summer with her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Clayburgh. At home third
and fourth Tuesdays of June at 1S10 Bush
street.
Mrs. McGlffln of 908 Steiner street has
gone to Byron Springs for a month.
J. J. Lermen. secretary to the-Yosem
ite . Commission, left yesterday for
the valley to be present at the annual
meeting of the Yosemite Commissioners
to be held this month. Mr. Urmen was
accompanied by Mrs. Lermen, Mrs. Har
ris, Miss May McDonald and Miss Ada
line Samuels.
Captain and Mrs. Hugh M. Gregory
have left the city for Napa Valley to
spend the summer.
Miss M. A. Fahey, sister-in-law of Ma
jor W. Fahey of the Cosmopolitan Hotel
an.l for the past sixteen years principal
of the Sonora public school, will start
on Monday for Paris and a tour of the
principal European cities. Miss Fahey is
past president of Dardanelles Parlor, N.
D. G. W., and will be accompanied on the
trip by Mrs. Belle Conrad, past grand
president, .N. D. G. W.
At trje Resorts
TH"E GEYSERS— List of arrivals at the
Geysers for the past week: Helen Grant,
H. T. Dugan, Arthur G. Flsk, Willie
Hirst, J. Coughlin, Mis3 C. Chlpchase,
Florence Pascoe, W. G. Haxe, R. C.
Krause, Dr. J. Oliver, wife and two chil
dren, San Francisco; George Hammer and
wife, Mrs. P. J. G. Kenna, Frank C. Jor
dan and wife, Grace N. Jordan, Frank M.
Jordan, Charles T. Pugh, Nettle W r . Jor
dan, Robert V. Jordan, Sophie. Sohst, II.
F. Munson, Howard Munson, Henry Bred
hoff, Mrs. Henry Bredhoff, Carl and Grace
Bredhoff, Mrs. John A. Britton, Florence
Britton, Alice Britton, John and Emmet
Britton, Mrs. Charles F. Mau, Carl Mau,
Frank G. Martens, Mrs. O. P. Downing,
Miss Edith Downing, Miss Noelle de Go
lla. Miss Bonnie Downing, Eliot Downing.
Dr. J. O. Dunn. Oakland; Miss Edith
Jones, San Rafael; P. Arbaar, Los Gatos;
A. E. Carr, Denver; Charles Dugan," San
Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPR1NG8-The follow
ing guests registered during the past
week at Paralso Hot Springs: From San
Francisco — Mrs. B. K. Shiels Johnstone,
Miss Chrystal, Charles H. Shiels, Mrs
Louis Lask, Fannie L. Lask, Miss Z.
Fahey, John Craven, K. W. Brown, J. H.
Dohrmann. From Monterey — Mrs. M
Dqlley, Mrs. J; L. D. Roberts, T. J. Field
From Salinas— Stella Teresa Stafford, Mrs
George»Ryan, J. J. Hibbron, L. W. San
born, E. A. Eaton, Fred E. McCallum.
Eugene Trout. From Soledad— Miss Vlrele
Pettlt, Edna F. Snyder, J. H. Toft. From
Los Angeles— J. % A. Chanslor, T. E. Rlne
hardt. P. W. Morse and Dr. Ring, Wat
sonville; C. A. Bessions and wife, Oak
land; James T. Styphensen, San Jose:
Hattie M. Tilson and Charles T. Romle
CastrovMe. -, - ...
PASO ROBLES— Arrivals during the
past week at Paso Robles include: SV E
Shaw, Louis Cohen, L. Abraham, F. El
liott, William B. Forman, A. S. Whitney
E. L. de Arman. J. M. 'Einstein., August
Jungblut, B. Rose, E. E. George and wife
Mrs. J. T. Long, Master Leonard Long!
James Duver, Mrs. S. Jacob, Charles M.
Bavage, J. Brownsteln, S. Abraham, Emile
Levy,. B. F. Hudelson, J. D. Cardinell,
Miss A. Coundley, : A, J. McMillan ana
wife, W. F. Chipman, Thomas Godwin,
F. H. Levy, wife and family; Miss R. S.
Haber, J. Petk Eppinger, Lu'L. Gilbert,
Outing Parties.
A most enjoyable bus ride and private
picnic to Crystal Springs Grove was given
by the Deedeites on Sunday. June 10.
Among tne Invited guests were: Francis
J. I^awler, Francis J. Dignan. Arthur J.
Sullivan. Francis Burns. John Muleahy.
Harry Myrtle. Bud St. Clair. Ike Ruben
stein. Francis O'Neil, Edward Lucett,
Howard Thurber. John Lyons. A. Cor
twnt, Maggie Burns. Kittie Welsh. Mary
Pleasant, Mamie Roth, Nora O'Brien.
Mary Shire. Bridget Gilhooley. Mollie Lu
cett. Miss McAker. Josie Lucett, Birdie
Lucett.
A number of friend?" enjoyed an outing
In Mill Valley on Sunday, the 10th in«t.
The p;-.rtv consisted of the following: MIna
R. Cull.iton. Miss J. Campbell, Miss L.
Valentine, Miss N. Henne. Miss M. Cuth
bertsnn and Miss S. Desmond; Messrs.
T. Curran, J. Valentine, S. Johnson, W.
Cuthbertson and S. Hallaghan.
Club Parties.
The Alpha Sigma fraternity entertained
their young lndy friends by a trolley party
on the Hermosa on Saturday evening,
June 9. After the ride the participants
were entertained at supper.
n the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Kellus announce the
barmltzah of their son Henry at the
Geary-street Temple on Saturday,. June
23, at 10 a, m. At home Sunday. June 24,
from 2 to 6, at 1701 Geary street. No cards.
The San Francisco Letter-carriers' Mu
tual Aid Association will give its annual
picnic at Schuetzen Park Sunday, July 1.
Stalled Away.
The passenger list of th« steamer Marl,
posa, which sailed on Wednesday, was
as follows:
Honolulu—W. B. Allen, Miss J. Andrews,
Miss L. Andrews, Miss M. Andrews, M.
W. Backus and wife. Miss E. F. Bartlett
J. W. Burton, Miss Fannie Block, G.
Bloomquist and wife, C. E. Calvert and
Stanley Ponton. R. <?. Wallace. Lou
Strauss, Mrs, H. N. Cook. J. H. Cobin,
W. F. Chipman. James Alexander. Mrs.
Jennie Franck, J. Hoist, W. C. Pavey,
George F. Ferguson, J. E. Buckln, Dr.
Block, George £ Everett, L. A. Saalfleld,
Frc<J R. Koenlng, SaJi Francisco; Mrs.
Lula Lucus, Charles Camden, F. C- . H..
Robins, A^ R. Booth, Oakland; William
Montrove, New York; John A. Armstrong,
Mrs. John R. Armstrong, Alameda; Mrs.
Kidder and daughter. Grass Valley; t . a.
Tanner. San Jose- L. M. Schoabacher.
Blanch Schottbaeher. Santa Maria.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS— The following
is a list of arrivals at the Napa Soda
Springs for the past week: Mr. and Mrs.
M. Heynemann and family. Mr. and Mrs.
John L. Herget, Mr. and Mrs. James
Hogg, Miss Hogg, Miss Callaghan, A. Fo
dera, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr., A. H.
Small, Mr. and Mrs. Doerr. R. Forsyth,
M. Rosenthal, A. Schoenfeld, J. Hess, Mrs.
W. Speyer and family, Mr. and Mrs H.
Schmatz, Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Kosenshine
and family, Mrs. Rosenthal, J. McDougall.
H. Kunz and Matt Grimm, San Francis
co; Gus Herget and wife, Frank \\eltl,
Joe Kronberg and Joseph Levinson, Napa;
H, Ilildebrand, Oakland.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following
guesta registered at Saratoga Springs dur
ing the past week: W. H. Miner, W. H.
Rock, Joseph Mitchell. Fred Ames, H :. B.
Nibee and wife. Madame M. Lada. Mrs.
A. A. Gosbee. J. W. Boyren, wife ana
child; T. L. Chorn L. Maurice Simon. O.
E. Pettis. A. S. Gump. S. M. Heller. II. .
Kirk, Joseph Morden and wife. Miss Hazel
Tobias and Mrs. U. L. Tobias, San 1" ran
cisco; Mr. "Weinstein. wife and child and
Leila Heyer, Oakland; H. A. Ames, Mrs.
A. Chapard and Miss L. Chapard. New
York; W. H. Hilton and L. H. Miller,
Fresno; G. L. Clarke, Sacramento.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— Registered at
Hot Springs during the past week were:
Mrs. J. M. McGritiln, H. Schaffer, 1. B.
Kcrnan and wife, David Neely, M, a.
Cline, J. A. Merchant, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Silverberg. Charles Shainwald. Mrs. A. if.
Chenmeyer, Mrs. F. J. Symmes, '1. O.
Coldwell, Miss C. Pcsante, Mrs. P. Na
than. S. R. Tobey, Mi's. W. B. Dolan,
Charles F. Precht, A. J. Gritlith, Miss Cos
grove, T. J. Lynch, B. H. Lucke, P. Cur
ley. Mrs. S. Cline, Mrs. J. G. Giestlng,
John Ostef, A. \V. Blow, Captain A. K.
Ohenmeyer, S. Ottinger and wife, J. E.
Shoobert, P. A. McNamara, J. Branden
stein, A. Newman, T. Corley, Mrs. C. A.
Dunn, child and maid, Frau von Karnas
ki. D. B. Murphy, San B'rancisco; D. w.
Rees, Carbonado, Wash.; J. O. Lewis.
Aberdeen; Stephen Neesh, Dan Green,
Theodore Brown, Stockton; Mrs. E. C.
Smith, Mrs. A. Mackay. Oakland; Charles
Holtz. Sacramento; Robert Helm, Merced;
George H. Smith. Los Angeles; Jess W'ot
ton, Fresno; A. J. Rogdner. Airs. A. Kogd
ner, Theresa Andrade, Centerville; George
Barker, Redwood City; Thomas E. Coor,
Crockett: John Cumbelich, Oakland: John
Buck, Port Costa; Mrs. H. Berger, Ben
Berger. Portland, Or.: Miss Burl, Mal
vern, Ohio; R. M. Beede, W. W. Belshaw,
Antioch.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
puests registered at Gilroy Hot Springs
during the past week: James Shea and
wife. Miss Mollie Shea. Miss Rose Shea.
Miss Elizabeth Shea, Miss Dorothy Chal
mers, A. A. Tobln and wife. J. C. Nolan
and wife, J. Clair Nolan, Miss Estella
Nolan and maid, Mrs. C. Lehmann, 'Mies
L. Lehmann, Miss J. Buerraann, George)
Carlisle. Mrs. E. Wreden, Miss Elsie
Veen, John Meyer and wife, Aime Mas
son, Alex Ma?son and wife, A. Ludoth, J.
Pedemoneto, D. Hoffonann, B. C. Carpen
ter. Henry Sturken, Al Fast. Miss Mae
Brien. Miss Clara Delerio, Miss M. Boi
chelle, Miss Vesta Willson: MUsa M. De
leno, Mrs. Grolean, Miss Q. Alpper, M.
A. Aaccerezza and wife, P. Delerio, An
gels Delerio, Alex Rodriguez, James J.
Burke, H. W. Kirkham. Chris Toft, J. K.
Thompson and wife. Miss K. Lane. C. C.
Kelly and wife, B. B. I^arenson, Miss M.
Kothburg,' C. B. Rothburg, A. A. Potter,
Miss B. Munter, H. C. Crowell. Miss E.
Crowell, Georpe R. Walker, F. K. Scott,
Mrs. L. Patton. San Francisco; E. J. Wil
cox Jr., Barney Taylor, B. Ixirigan and
wife, Miss Clara Clelaml, B.- S. Wollner
and wife. San Jose; P. C. Tucker. Santa
Cruz; Frank Sramner, Joseph Princevalle,
L. Mayock. Thomas Welch, Gilroy.
VICHY SPRINGS— Arrivals at. Vichy
Springs during the past week include:
Mrs. G. J. Bucknall. George Hesketh, A.
B. McCreary. J. Hertzberg. N. Hoffman
and wife, Joseph Worden and wife, John
Henne. George E. Maxwell, George W.
Turner and wife, Mrs. Thomas, B. Marks
and wife, M. J. McDonald and wife, Mrs.
M H. Peck, Miss Charlotte Hughes. John
Center. Master Horace Bylngton, Mrs. G.
L. Center, E. Steinway, J, A. McClure.
D. D. Carey and family, M. Conn, Julius
Wintzer. William Dlngwall, W. Cruck
shank and daughter. W . H. Mannell. H.
E. Hightcn and wife. Milton Ileynernnnn
and wife, Miss Helen- Heynemann, J. Hey
nemann, J. W. Boyken and wife, Adolph
Boyken. A. H. Miller, J. A. Drum. Mrs.
Maxwell Reilly, Mrs. Edward Fields. P.
Broderick, L. L. Adams and wife, James
Hogg and wife. C. Turner and wife, Miss
Hogg-, Miss F. Callaghan. D. B. Bagley,
Gus D. Abrams, Mies Clara Abrams, F.
Ellsworth and wife. Miss M. E. Cantelow,
P. H. Buchanan, B. Galaghey and wife.
J Palmer, Miss Martha Davidson, San
Francisco; Max L. Margolia, E. Elliott,
T. L. Barker, Eugene Lynch and wife.
Dr. R. E. Bauske, wife and daughter and
J. A. Campbell. Oakland; Mrs. J. Levy
and daughter, San Mateo; L. D. Jacks
and wife, T. A. Proctor and wife, Santa
Rota; Mrs. C. D. Smith, Miss Maria
8nilth, Miss A. Dunwody, Atlanta, Ga. ;
F. Buchanan, San Francisco. !
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— J. B. Wright,
the well-known Central Pacific Railroad
man of Sacramento, accompanied by C.
W. Clark, the millionaire cattleman, vis
ited Highlands on Wednesday.
John McCarthy, the well-known con
tractor of San Francisco, with his fam
ily, is located at Highlands for several
weeks' stay.
There was a lively tennis tournament
last Friday and Saturday on the hotel
grounds. Joe Batten and William A. Sex
ton of San Francisco won the tournament
and two handsome racquets. The run
ners-up were Dr. DePue Ricky of San
Francisco and Frank Kerr ot the hotel.
Tre second tournament commenced on
Thursday, the 14th lnst., to -continue for
three days. There are about sixteen en
tries and great interest is being displayed.
There were thirty-two entries in the
last croquet tournament. Mr. and Mrs.
Schmidt were the winners and recipients
of handsome silver prizes.
Recent arrivals at Highland Springs
include: C. P. Bishop, C. T. McCarthy,
Mrs. Louis E, Conrad. Mr. and Mrs. H.
A. Marvin, J. Alexander Yoell, George
Raphael and family, J. William Boykcn,
wife and children, George Frahm, D. B.
Bagley, Mr. and Mrs. Niby, Mrs. T. H.
McCarthy, Otto Falch, Otto Falch Jr.,
Miss E. Falch, C. H. Morgan, Mrs. W. B.
C. Brown, Mr. and Mrs, C. B. Hobson and
son. Mr and Mrs. C J. Heyler and son,
I. Hedgers, J. Levy, D. Powers, Mr. and
Mrs. E. R. Kelloge, Miss L. M. Bolton,
Miss E. Hoffman, B. Large, W. H. Wea
ver, John McCarthy, Father Philip By
one, M: Sheldon Mantell, J. F. Foster, C.
W. Clark, T. W. Foster, W. G. Fox, Mrs,
D. B. Wilson, George W. Brooks and wife,
San Francisco; J. B. Wright, L. E. Pope,
O. L. Sprague, S. Anderson and wife, Sac
ramento; C. L. Mackey, Oakland; Mrs. E.
G. Buckley, Miss Grace Buckley, Mrs.
Walton, T. Farrar and son, Alameda;
Miss Hubbard, Miss 8. Hubbard, San Jose;
C. A. Wright and wife, Santa Rosa; Mrs.
John S. Craig and son, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles O. Nelson and daughter, Albert
Allen, Woodland.
Those Who Have Been Elected to
Serve for the Ensuing
Term.
California Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West has elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: William V. H&bro. pres
ident; J. F. Llnehan, "SV. K. Rowland and E.
Myron Wolf, vice presidents; James J. Jamison,
recording secretary; B. F. 'Hanlon, financial
secretary; Henry Perman. treasurer; C. N.
janes, marshal; R. H. Morse, trustee; W. H.
Staniels, collector; Dra. B. F. Clark, Thomas
Conrad, J. M. Heinneman, [ H. Herrington, L.
II* Hoffman, D. D. Lustlg and F. C. Newton,'
surgeons.
Laurel Lodse No. 4, Knights of Pythias, has
elected the following officers: W. N. Thrum,
C. C. ; J. Dean. V. C. ; A. E. Flagg, P. ; D. V, .
Saylor. M. at A.; M. S. Kramer. M. of YV.,
P. L. Phillips, I. G.; J. H. Brook, O. G.; Er
nest Ullman. K. of R. and S.; M. L. Gibson. M.
° Golden Gate Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
has elected the following named as its officers:
6; Isaac, chancellor (re-elected); A. Samuel*.
V. C; Dr. Bachman, P.; F. McCready, K. of
It.; D. J. Lewis. M. of F. ; A. Op 6 ""^ 1 "--.;; 1 ;
of E.; B. Schlf. I. G.; A. Helnrich. O. G. The
Installation of these officers will be on the tlrst
1 Lincoln Lodge* of the Friends of the Forest
has elected the following officers for the current
term: Mrs. Bertha Mackrett, president; J. J.
Uetz vice president; Mrs. M. K. Waldo, chap
lain; Mrs. J. H. Duncan, treasurer; J.Iiss Carrie
Mayers recording secretary; Mies tlla yvalrio.
financial secretary; John Rlnner, marshal; Mrs.
Inez Her, warden; Mrs. M. Elliott, inner guard;
N, Bricnoli outside guard; Mrs. Belle Rich
mond, orsaniet; Dr. A. E. Brune physician;
John Rlnner, H. B. Burlingame and Miss M. G.
McConkey. trustees; J. J. Getz, Dr. Levin ana
Mrs. II. B. Burlineame, auditors. ,
Oriental Encampment, Independent Urder oi
Odd Fellows, has elected the following named
for the ensuinr term: >F. W. Derby, C. I.. «.
W. Lemnnt, H. P.; W. S. Mathew, S. \\ . , C.
II. Kronbcck. J. W. The installation will be
at the first meeting In July.
Rincon Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West has elected the following named as its
officers for the current term: G. W . Korts, I.;
C. Clancy. A. J. Roeea and James Hannan,
V P 's- L G Haffenkamp, recording secretary
(re-elected); \V: E. Koley, financial secretary
(re-elected); Thomas H. Vivian, treasurer (re
elected); James Manlon, M.; H. Itacouillat. R.
1L Barnett and W. A. Pcake, trustees; Drs. D.
P. Kagan and W. W. Waymer. surgeons.
Court Seal Rock No. 45, Foresters of America,
has electe.l the following for the ensuing term:
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann, C. R.; A. \\. Ivod
erts S C. R. ; Hiram J. Willis. R. S. ; Herman
Van Dieken, S. W.; J. B. Reighley, J. \\.;
Itlchard Evans. S. 15.; Janus B. Ryan. J. B.
Bay City Ixidge of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor has elected: S. Haynes, P.: Joseph F.
Stattler, V. P.; S. American, R. and F. fa.;
Mies Dougherty, T.; Mrs. Edwards. O. G.; H.
Uchman, 0. • , , , .
The following named have been elected of
ficers of Washington Circle of the Companions
of the Forest: Mrs. K. Wood, C. C. ; Mrs. K.
Lee S C C.; Mrs. M. Afher, T.; J. Falconer,
F S.;Miss A. Hudson, R. S. ; Miss A. Sullvan,
R. G.; Mrs. Kramer, L. G.: W. J. Trengone,
I. G. ; Mrs. R. Michaels. O. G.
Bohemian Circle. Companions of the Forest,
has elected the following named officers: Mrs.
A. Asmann, C. C. ; Mrs. Annie Thompson.
S C. C; Mrs. Neff. T.; M. Fritoher, *. S. ;
Cora wentzel, R. S.; Mrs. Shapio. R. G.; Mrs.
Hagan. L. G.; J. Neff, I. G.: Mr3. Comb 3 , 0- O.;
Miss Clark. O.
Syrafuse I>5dK«» of the Knights of Pythias has
elected the following named officers: Emil
Cohen. C. C; Charles Levy, V. C; Charles
Strieker, C; George Rabbitt, K. of R. and S.;
Aaron Wasch, M. of K.; Jacob Horn, M. of F.;
Joseph Horn, I. G. : Slgmund Grossman, O. U. ;
Hugh Lundie. M. of W.
Mayflower Lodge of the National Aid Associa
tion has elected the folio wtng officers: George
Johnson, P.; Mrs. E. Harmon, V. P.; Mrs. Car
cas. C. ; M. Duffy, chaplain: Mrs. Jennie Clark,
secretary: George Lawson. T. ; Joseph de Leon,
S ; Mrs AVilber. G. : Mrs. Elliott. I. D. K. ; J.
H. Garrett. O. P. K. The installation will be
on the first Thursday in July.
Vcspero Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, recently organized in South San
Francisco by Mrs. Nellie 11. Boege. has elected
the following named for the ensuing term: Mrs.
Mary McCormick, P. I".; Mrs. Nellie R. Boege.
P.j Miss Annie Lasteln. .Miss Mayme Light and
Mrs. Nora Nonnemann, V. P.'p: Miss Brancle
Pe-guUlan R. S. ; Mrs. Marie Desrosier. F. S. ;
Miss Nora Regan, T. ; Mrs. Annie Harrington,
Mrs. Nora OT>ay an.1 Mrs. Carrie McCarthy,
trustees; Miss Susie Ford, inside sentinel; Miss
Mae O'Connor, outside sentinel; Miss Agnes
Troy, organist.
JuWloe Lodge of the Rebekahs has elected the
following officers: Miss Christie Anderson. N.
G. : Mrs. Clara Gunsaul*, V. G. ; Miss Alice
Hall, R. S. ; Miss Gabrielle Gress, F. S. ; Mrs.
Ida Match, T.
Sans Souci Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West has elected the following officers:
Mre. Lizzie O'Neill. P.; Miss Fannie Levy, Miss
Lulu Brown and Mrs. Lizzie Stanton, V. P.'s;
Mrs. Minnie F. r>obbin, R. S.; Miss Alice I.
Munson, F. S. ; Mrs. Dora Bloom, T. : Miss Nel
lie Clark, M.; Mrs. Emma Clark. Mrs. Emma
Wesling and Mrs. Nellie Littlejohn. trustees;
Mrs. Bertha Qulnn. inside sentinel; Mrs. Mary
Mooney, outside sentinel.
Golden State Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has elected the following named
officers: Miss.Tillle Ducker. P.; Miss L. Wedel
and Miss G. Petrrson. V. P's. ; MIfs Johanna
Meyer R. S. ; Miss R. s r»ay. F. S. ; Mlf>» L.
Uhllg. T. ; Miss M. Ducker. M.; Mrs. B. Dena
hey I. S.; Miss L. Hayepsen. O. S. ; Miss F.
von Staden, Miss M, Maguire and Miss M, Tlet-
Jen. trustees: Miss L. Fahrf-nkrug, organist;
Mrs. E. S. Merritt, M. D., physician.
Pioneer Lodge of the Friends of the Forest
has fleeted": Mrs. ptmonds, P. : Mrs. Annie
Thompson. V. P.; Mm. M. E. McLane, F. S. ;
Cora Wentzel. R. S. ; Mrs. Kruse, T. ; Mrs. Mc-
Phun, M. ; Mrs. Hilton. G. ; Mrs. Coombs. S. ;
Mrs. A. Boel, Mr6. Asmann and Mrs. Reed,
trustees.
Court Stanford, Foresters of America, has
elected: Dr. M. Newman. C. R. ; Frank L.
Horegia 8. C. R. ; H. M. Saunders, T. ; S. Gar
dener. F. S.; G. A. Trautner. R. S. ; C. Pries.
S. W.; J. F. Lycette. J. W.; E. M. Levy. S. B. ;
D. Atkinson, J. B. This court will celebrate its
twelfth anniversary at the Mechanics' Pavilion
on September S by giving a masked ball.
Court Sutro Heights of the- Foresters of Amer
ica has chosen the following named officers:
Charles E. Morey. C. It. ; B. M. Clancy. S. C.
R. ; J. W. Gleadell, R. S. (re-elected); J. Mur
ray, S. W.J J. A. McCarthy, J. B. ; F. P.
Dunne, S. B.; C. J. Jacobson, J. B. ; S. Tehl,
organist.
FRATERNAL- SOCIETIES
CHOOSE NEW OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
Two Women Voters Who Improve Their Franchise.
One helped elect delegates to the Philadelphia convention and the other
helped manage the Populist party.
INDIAN TERRITORY, June 16.— Indian Territory, which does not even have a
voice in the Electoral College of the United States, and. furthermore, is not even
possessed of that right and privilege of suffrage given to the newly acquired
possessions of Cuba, Hawaii and Porto Rico (a Territorial form of government),
was the first to recognize the influence of the fair sex in politics by allowing
Miss Ida Bennett Miller, a Choctaw maiden, a seat in the Republican State Con
vention at Purcell, held for the purpose of electing delegates to the Philadel
phia convention.
"I am more than proud to state that I was at St. Louis In 1S36, when Mc-
Kinley was nominated for President, and watched the proceedings with great
interest, and if I live until 1904 you will see me make a fight to go to the next
national convention as a delegate. It is time that women were asserting their
rights in polities, and that Bhall be my aim in future years, as I intend to or
ganize a female Republican club in the Indian Territory."
SIOUX FALLS, 8. D., June 16.— Mrs. Mary A. Wright, one of the three mem
bers of the Populist National Committee from Idaho, made many friends among
politicians while the convention was in session here. She is a member of the
Idaho House of Representatives, and gives the impression of having added a
thorough political training to her natural abilities in that line.
Mrs. Wright is a schoolteacher by profession and one of the most respected
educators in the State. She is an active worker in primaries and has served on
several important legislative committees. One of her special ambitions is to
convince Eastern women that their prejudice against women In politics is mis
taken.
26
SOCIETY
Nelly Gordon. Miss L,. Ixinp:. Mips Viola
VaiuJcrlyn, Miss Hazel Green way. Miss K.
Ucnjatnin. Miss Fanny Ullwood, Mi^s Ada
Van Norden: Messrs. Owen McMahon,
Owen Bany. Will McMahon, George Hat
pin. Thom:i? Corran. Will J. Rattisan,
Will D. Hushes; r. 1>. Kitejile, T. J. Mas
grave, Will Trlgay. \V. J. Albin, W. von
?oo^ten. \V. J. Haekstcdt, «ius .Killilea.
James J. O'Connor, George Killilea, EricK
Humus, Con D. Annstrong and Motor J.
Bryant. , ,
A party was pi von to Miss I,ucy Lltt'e
in honor of ht r l>irt!id;ty on May 2:) at her
home, 1324 Devteadcro street. The evening
was pleasantly: passed '.vivh music? singlnjr
ami reciting. After BUpper iho young folks
imlulsr-d in dancing aivl earn«»5:. Among
thosf present were: Miss Kate Ralston,
Miss Genevteve Joseph. Miss Edith Spoon
or. Miss Susie Lenders, Mis.-: Lillian
Chllds. Mlsa M. McCann, Miss J. Carter.
Miss L. Byrnes, Miss? Western, Miss G.
Pollafk, Miss I.ucilc Cochran; Miss V.
KiiKli-h. Miss J. Cutter. Miss H. Nichol
son. Miss H. Mf.ulton. Miss I-ucy Little;
H. Burke, J. Mulvey. B. Hopkins, J.
Lynch. H. Cochran, A. Cochran. C. Lan
der?. G. Pollack, A. Pollack. O. McCann,
J. Mc«'ann. I.. Cutter. R. Ennls, W. Mc-
Neil. B. Chiids. J. Kittle, Mr. and Mre.
Undenbaum, Mrs. Knprlish. Mr. M-cCann,
Mrs. Cochran, Mr. and Mrs. Walter, Mrs.
Chllds, Mrs. Joseph and Mr. and Mrs.
Little.
Miss Tren*> Casey v.as the recipient of a
surprise party jjiven at the home of her
aunt Miss I... Coleman, Pr>n Mateo, on
Monday evening last. The rooms were
beautifully decorated and the time was
t'pent in panics and music until refresh
ments were served. Irene Casey won the
booby prize and Bert Bartlett the firs;
prize in the donkey Kame. Those present
were: Misses Irene Casey, May Bartlett,
liiRvr Mead. Ethel and Genevieve McCcr
mkk, Emily Donnelly, Molly Edwards
and Henrietta Belltsle.
One «>f the most enjoyable surprise par
tics of the season was that tendered Mrs.
Harry Edwards at her new home in Lorin,
Berkeley, on Saturday evening, the 9th
!ns=t. The guests arrived at 8:45 p. m. A
most delightful musical programme fol
lowed, after which refreshments were
served in the parlors. Among those pros
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Meals, A.
Lk Artieuf s. Thomas. Winders, Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. .T'ines. Master Sidney Jones. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles LAUffer, Mr. and Mrs.
Alberttle; Master Mervyn Edwards; Mr.
and Mrs. T. E. Richardson. Miss Arouer
Artlgues C. Ernest Edward.- of San Fran
cisco. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Love. Miss
Marguerette Jones of Oakland. Mr. and
Mrs. K. L. Favor, Captain and Mrs.
Dowel.] Miss Vivian Edwards. Samuel L.
IUiUinpiT. Miss B. V. Edwards. Mrs. So-
I hie Peterson. Mr. and Mrs. Egsers, Mr.
and Mrs. li. Edwards.
On Saturday oyeninp. May 20. J. Roddy,
who has just returned from a trip abroad,
was the recipient of a surprise party given
by his many friends. The parlors and din
ing hall were elaborately decorated with
frrr.s and Mowers. The evening was de
voted to music, songs, games and dancing.
Those present were: Misses A. Kava
naugh N. Kavanaugh. M. Kavanaugh. S.
Klercsahl. L. Dunn. A. Dunn.
S. Brendon. M. Roddy. S. A'ex
ander. M. MrQuceny, K. Jen
pen. May Casey. Margaret Casey,. L.
Heinecke. Marie Miller. Mamie Miller. K.
Daly H. Durnham. L. Roberts, J. Christie,
I*. Stanton, M. McGinty. K. Galvin. H.
Newmann. M. Atwood, A. Nelson. Mrs.
Saunders. Mrs. Atwood. Mrs. L. Kellerher
and Messrs. J. Roddy; P. Kellerher. li.
Moore. H. Therber, J. Mcnahan. E. Lu
cett. T. Moran. L. Jacobs; A. Hintz. J.
Gibson. H. VOH Ftande. \V. I>eary. D. Zim
mermar.n. K. Nelson, J. Kavanaugh. C.
Fischer C. Harris. G. Roconullate, n.
Leonard. G. Vega, A. Curry. J. Lundy. T.
Ooughlin. F. Fickett; A. Pcgg. W. Duffy.
James Roddy. N. J. Krukau, Fabe Stur
ken and \V. J. Krukau.
V very enjoyable birthday party was
tendered' Edith C Potter on Saturday
evening. June 9. at her residence on Fill
more street. The evening was delightfully
«pent in dancing and game*. Among those
present were: Misses Isabelle IJurdtck.
Dora Worth. Flossie Hoffman, Ethel Jew
ell Genevieve Merkel. Irene and Louise
Khle. Etta Steinberg, Margaret Dav.s.n.
Stella Clark. IJelle Hawkins. Gertie Wil
liams. Mrs. Martin. Mrs. Potter. Ovid Pet
tie, C. Cowie. D. Evans. F. Martin. C.
West. E. Hagerdorn. W. Cutlet. L. Lake,
F. Potter, W. Rampie. E. Garren, George
Williams. H. Hoffman and C. Potter.
A farewell party was plven to Miss An
nie chellnl recently by her many friends
at her residence. 332 Sixth street. Music,
dancing and singing were kept up until
a late hour. Those present were: Miss
Annie Chelini. Miss Mattie Tonesend, Miss
\nna Reith. Miss Ca'mella Brtcca, Miss
Albinti Bricca. Miss Kittle Zammit, Miss
Edith Jackson, Miss Ida Williams, Miss
Vera Delnino. Miss Irene Martin. Miss
Mabel Reith. Mis* Kdna Reith. Miss Win
nie Briggs, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Toso,
?>lrs. Reith and Mrs. Zammit.
They're Eogagad
Weddirsg Bells.
_ ADVE3.TISEHENTS.
0-K-H-M-I-I-I-M II M M M-K»I-M»I"H"I"H I IW-I-MI I 1 1 ! I I I I M-I-O
I v DRV CJOODS CO/V\F»/\NY. X
I SPECIAL ATTRACTION II
i IN OUR '.'.
; CURTAIN DEPARTMENT!!
f JUST RECEIVED — New lot of IRISH POINT CURTAINS DIRECT *
I FROM THE MAKERS, and, as they are a little late for spring |
j. seawn, they will b9 sold at prices that are very Interesting. X
t 1CA D«:-« Regular Value at $6.75 per c . , . # r AA f
J 151) Fairs, pair Special at $5.00 i
*> \*)Zi Pairc Regu'ar Value at $7.50 per c . , c , AA %
| \Ld rairs, pair Special at $6 00 t
T 1AA PnJrc Regular Value at $850 and c^,. « , C m - A II
x luu rairs, $9O o per pair Special at $7.50 ;•
4* . ..
S. Complete Assortment of BATTEN BERG, ARABIAN and CLUNY |
jC CURTAINS (Our Own Importations) in All the New Effects. '.',
yi Estimates Cheerfully Furnished on Ail Special Curtains or Drapery Work. \ J
All Curtains Hung Free of Charge. 4»
t DON'T FMBETTOVrsiT OUR ART DEPARTMENT! |
'.'. Where you will find all of the latest European Novelties in Needlework, etc. '.'.
** COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. M
t CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ±
II SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. \\
Q¦^¦ I „^¦ I ..r¦¦ I ¦.^.^¦^.^.l¦.^.H^^¦^¦^¦^¦I¦¦!¦¦^¦H.^.^.¦^¦^^;¦¦^¦^^I¦^^^^^I^^^^^^r.^^r m.-h-m-h-i-ho
oc©ocoooeo*oeooscooceooo©oo(?OGOOo©o©eo©ooeoco
o o
© j : 1 . . o
O In accordance with our policy of low ©
ft prices, we offer frorr) this date to q
O everybody ©
0 I ' O
O O
I Sheet Music at Half Price, I
s . §
® We bavc the best stocK In tlje city O
O ' for you to select from. Call or send O
£ orders to §
0 I ' - ©
o O
§ The Zeno Mauvais Music Co. S
° S
O 769 MARKET STREET. ©
© 2
O Agents tecKer A Son and Packard Pianos. . O
2i3Oos&o©«9C0soesQGe©eG©Ge@eeo5Qo©©eeeooeoooo
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
building. 1170 Market .tni^^or Tayio? 0 ™™
SS-M. with the electric needle without pa£"?
LOIE FULLER,
Bays about the Bkln Food and Tissue Builder
BRAHMAN _'
TOILET CREAM: fc^&^w
"I certainly can recom- |^g^JijC^
mend your delightful
Urahman Toilet Cream JttijS* »i '^O
as the bpft thlnar for Its VSa'^^SrWj
purpose I have ever SipSt J * JWa
used." Price, 23c. Brah- rS»4 ¦Jt2e^«S?'
man Tooth Powder. 23c $*sll^ j5R2J^&
All drUKKists and at W^^^S^Pa^V
A. W. Travene, M. D. ™*^"**
GREAT SPECI^LJISPUY SALE
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM AND
BRAHMAN TOOTH fOWDER
THIS WEEK at the
STAR-BALDWIN Pharmacy,
.1016 Market St., near Powell
Tift cmpreIs
UUWAULK
wS^gffBy^rHj Has foor attendants ta
BjfefjSy^fSHCT care for her complexion.
«(^^ You don't need any ta
rTv^ ; *«a Prevent or Cure UN,
h^*J^^ SINBIRN. fRECKUS.
]yr7^§^SSm SALLOW NESS. COARSE
!-— I > g-oie^ PORES, BLACKHEADS »r
WRINKUS if you use
Lola Montez Creme.
For the Remoyal and Cure of Moles,
Warts and serious Facial Blemishes
. offer you my personal services at
my Dermatological Parlors, the larg-
est in America. My claims are
based on years of successful prac-
tice and scientific research, and I
absolutely guarantee results.
Sly Parlor* an so arranged that yon
have til* «am« privacy la treatment «r
consultation yon would hare at home.
Mrs. Harrison Personally Performs all
Operations with The ELECTRIC NEEDLE
In removing SUPERf LIOIS HAIR, the onlv
way it can be Permanently Removed.
Consultation and Demonstration FREE.
MRS. NETTIE HAPTR1SON,
Dermatolostst, 78-80 Geary St. S. F.
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
Than ever and at no Increase In price.
Improved clip— don't slip— for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory
on premises. Quick repairing. Phone,
Main 10. Si
OPTICANS^^A^"';"*^.
642 Market St. iNSTRuwNts
unoER CHftowcii BuiLOiMb. CATALOGUE FREE.
•%_,* CHICHMTIR'B ENGLISH
fEHNVROYAL PILLS
Bs-4»"?K - .- Original and Only Kuilnn.
MM tor cnicnr^TEH's English
fc^^^CVrk 13 "CD in! GoM ai«:»;:io buiw. w>>!
J\ -Ith bid. ribbo.. Tukenootlier. Hrfu.*
IT} «i\i »«€««•» «ah«iltaUon« uJ Imlt*.
I / %W tl»««i Bajr «f yjnr Dnjiiii. ot mo* I*, la
I i rf "»»P« I «>r Parttenlara. Tr.tl«.oql»U
\w» fp >•<! ¦•Rollffrnp L*4lr«.~ itlOKr.br rv
-^___/l^^ t»m MsJL lO,0»OTe.Umonl»lfc SoldSy
MiaUoa tUi p»,«. Mail*.. g««ar^ t U I L\^ v£authorized to grant dispensations to
lodges to open their charters at a sum
under the present minimum initiation fee
of $15. The per capita tax was fixed at
$1. with an additional 10 cents for the
Pythian Home fund, which now amounts
to **00.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 3, S. Isaac.
chancellor, gave a smoker to its members
and friends last Thursday night. There
was a good attendance and an unusually
good programme, plenty of smoking ma
terial, a first-class collation and enjoy
ment for all until midnight
Knights of Honor.
Last Monday night Yerba Buena Lodge
had work in the initiatory degree by a
team in uniform. The work was per
formed in a very impressive manner.
After the work of the evening there was a
card party, that did not break-up until
after midnight.
The picnic cvffinittae held a xn«etlns
last Mondav and settled all bill?.
The grand trustees at a recent meeting
appointed F. P. Brandholt an organizer
for the southern part of the State. A re
sult of his first week's work was the
placing of twenty-six applications in. one
of the lodges of Los Angeles. •
The Supreme Lodge of the order was in
session in Buffalo, N. Y.
Knights of the Loyal Guard.
Dr. Coggshall, organizer for the West
ern Division, has returned from San Jose,
where, on last Monday, he instituted a
new devision with twenty-five charter
members. W. F. Foes was elected cap
tain general and E. Wilson recorder.
Dr. Coggshall will leave the State for
Flint. Mich,, this week, via Portland.
During his absence Deputy Commander
in Chief Thomas K. Kase will look after
the interests of the order in this city and
Deputy Commander In Chief Foss will at
tend to the order in San Josa.
• San Francisco Division will hold a ses
sion to-morrow night for the purpose of
adding to the roll of membership a num
ber cf gentlemen who signed the petition
for a division in this city.
Knights of the Maccabees.
The local tents of the Maccabees have
an option for headquarters in the Pioneer
building. No. 24 Fourth street, which is to
be fitted up for fraternal societies.
J Golden West Tent No. 5S has arranged
for Us second annual entertainment and
ball, to be given on next Thursday even
ing in Golden Gate Hall, under the direc
tion of George L. Morgan, George Varcoe,
G. C. Freeman. C. B. Classen, H. N. Pat
ton and H. Ernest, the committee of ar
rangements. The programme will consist
in part of features contributed by Thomas
Mahonev, J. D. Doughertv. G. Varcoe,
Gertrude Devine and L. Mesfeld. The
programme will be followed by dancing.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Z. T. Whitten, grand protector of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor, has ap
pointed the following named as his depu
ties for the current term: Loul3 G. Wolff,
for Aurora Lodge: Mrs. Dorris Kaplan,
for Pacific; Mrs. Phoebe Dunz.veiler, for
West End; Mrs. M. E. Duncan, for Golden
Rule; Mrs. Emma Quitzlow, for Bay City;
Charles Hahn, for Martha; Mrs. Frances
J. Williams, for Magnolia; Mrs. Louise
Bigler, for Oakland; Mrs. Rosalie Kahl.
for Star; Mrs. Anna Brigham, for Laurel;
Mrs. M. A. Maier, for Angel City; Mrs.
Mary H. Townsend, for Marysvllle; L.
Kldder. for Harmony; Mrs. Emma R.
O'Donnell, for Yerba Buena; J. M. Rick
etts, for Mistletoe, and Mrs. Marlon G.
Perry for Marion Lodge.
The propagation* committee Is anxious
to go to v.-ork and extend the order In this.
State, but it is hampered by the delay of
the supreme officers in what the commit
tee declares Is lack of the necessary as
sistance and encouragement.
Daughters of Liberty.
At the last held meeting of California
Council No. 1 of the Daughters of Lib
erty Mrs. Colby, Miss E. Crawford, Laura
Cantus, M. Johnson, M. Quirey and M.
Moening were appointed the "'good of the
order committee," which shall devote
itself to providing entertainment for the
members of the council, such as socials,
fcurprise parties, excursions and the like.
The first of these was an excursion to the
top of Mount Tamaipais last night. The
party left by the & o'clock boat and made
the ascent of the mountain by moonlight.
The new officers of this council will be
elected on the 2Jth inst.
Meade Belief Corps.
The Meade Relief Corps of the Woman's
Relief Corps has arranged for an event
designated as "a uniaue entertainment
and dance," to be given In its hall on the
night of the 27th inst. The committee
gives out that the programme will not
only be unique but it will be most enter
taining.
Foresters of America.
One of the most active courts of the
Foresters of America In this city is Court
Seal Rock, which is striving with all the
earnestness the members can command
to make it one of the most attractive sub
ordinates of the order. At its recent
meeting Dr. Charles M. Trnppmann. the
chief ranger, and Hiram Willis, the re
cording secretary, were re-elected to their
respective offices as a tribute of apprecia
tion of their energetic work In behalf of
the'court and order. The members of this
court act on the principle that when a
good member Is In office he should be con
tinued there. The business of the evening
was conducted In a most harmonious man
ner and at its close the court's quartet
favored with a number of vocal selec
tions.
• Grand Secretary Cordy will In a few
days leave for Portland, Or., with his
fami'.y to spend a*hort vacation. During
his absence Jacob Label will have charge
of the office.
Court Sutro Heights at Its last held
meeting elected officers for the ensuing
term, initiated two candidates and took
action on the new by-laws.
At the last held meeting of Junior Court
Pridf of California officers were elected
for the ensuing term. J. W. Gleadell of
Court Sutro Heights was chosen chief
ranger.
The Foresters' social club of Court
United States of America will give a pic
nic at San Lorenzo grove on July 1.
Woodmen of the "World.
After running in the same groove with
100 members or so for a long time, the
membership of Tamaipais Camp suddenly
awakened and concluded that it was time
to do a little more than the regular rou
tine business. Since the first ot last May
it has initiated twenty-six strangers and
has forty applications on the desk. The
aim of the camp is to have a member
ship cf 250 before the close of the year.
This camp has been named "the Star
Camp," from the fact that It has on its
roll the names of seventy of the mem
bers of the police force and ten of the
applications now on file are from police
men. The camp has elected Its officers
for the ensuing term and will publicly
install them in the social hall of the Al
cazar building on the night of July 2.
There will. In addition, be a fine pro
gramme of entertainment to be followed
by a dance. The camp has adopted a rule
for the entertainment of members. The
last meeting night is called Tamalnals
night, for on that night tho camp is
turned over to the entertainment com
mittee, whicn provides diversion for mem
bers and visitors.
Knights of Golden Eagle.
Boyal Arcanum.
California Castle No. 1 of the Knights
of the Golden Eagle on last Wednesday
Initiated twenty strangers In the Pilgrim's
degree in Coloma Hall, Native Sons'
building. The time for admission into the
order under the reduced fee has been ex
tended to the 27th Inst. The Installation
of the officers of this castle will take place
on the 11th of July, and it is announced
that on that night at least twenty
strangers will be Initiated.
Reports from various parts show that
this order -is increasing In membership
and Is mating rapid strides In th» United
States, i/l is behoved that the order will
double the membership it had at the be
ginning of the year by the close thereof.
The death benefit feature has become very
popular.
Owing to the Illness of W. O. Macdou
gall. D. S. C. and M. of R. of California
Castle No. 1, his duties are being per
formed in a very acceptable manner by
Samuel McCall. past grand chief.
As already announced/ fn the local
columns of The Call, the local councils
have arranged an excellent programme- In
celebration of the anniversary of the or
der known as "Arcanum day," to be pre
sented at a meeting to be held in the
Social Hall of the Shiels building on th
2Sth inst.
Golden West, Argonaut and Buena
Vista councils have each entered a team
for a whist contest to be inaugurated
shortly after Arcanum day. There will be
unique prizes and the consolation prize
will be worth competing for.
San Francisco Council will c«nfer the
royal degree on several members of the
Grand Council on the night of July 9. A
general Invitation has been extended to
all members of the order to witness this
beautiful ceremony and to partake of the
hospitality of the council.
Buena Vista Council will entertain the
gTand regents and visitors on the ISth
inst., when there will be an impromptu
jinks. Grand Orator Gus Gunzendorfer,
who is a member of this council, will be
on hand with one of his impromptu after
dinner speeches, which always capture
his hearers a la Chauncey Depew. All
the district deputy gTand regents and a
contingent from Oakland will be on hand.
Co-operative Brotherhood.
The meetings of the San Francisco
branch of the Co-operative Brotherhood
are well attended and a great deal of in
terest is taken in the work of the organ
ization. At the meeting last Tuesday
night in the hall, 117 Larkin street, the
meeting was- addressed by Rev. Dr. A. D.
Wheat of the Park Congregational
Church. Four applications were received.
The ritual of the order .has been per
fected and a committee Is making im
provements as to the floor work. The
meetings are open to all who desire to
attend.
The National Union.
Reports from the several councils In this
city show a great deal of activity and a
number of Initiations.
The San Francisco Cabinet paid a visit
last n!ght to San Francisco Council, in the
Red Men's building. There was a good at
tendance and many interesting addresses.
The musical and literary entertainment
given by the social and literary club of
this order in Odd Fellows' Hall last
Wednesday, of which a notice was pub
lished in the local columns of The Call,
was one of the best that this club haa
given. The increased attendance at each
succeeding entertainment is the best proof
of their popularity and of the previously
announced fact that they are lirst class
in every respect.
Order, of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Savage is still In the
line of official visitations. On the 11th
Inst. he addressed a public meeting in San
Rafael; on the 12th, one at Santa Rosa;
13th, one at Cloverdale. ¦ On the 14th ha
paid a visit to Evans Council in this cltr
and on the 15th he was with Bradford
Council in South San Francisco. He will
leave for his home in San Pedro on the
22d Inst., and on the way down will visit
the councils between this city and San
Pedro.
Last Thursday night Evans Council ini
tiated three candidates In the presence of
Grand Councilor Savage, Grand Sentry
Mrs. A. Boehm. two lady members of
Crescent Council of Chicago, District Dep
uty Taylor and a number of visitors from
local councils. At the close of the cere
monies the visitors and the members were
treated to a choice collation.
Grass Valley will initiate two candidates
at its next meeting; Social Council will
also Initiate two; Golden Gate Council will
initiate one. and America will have three,
to initiate.
Friends of the Forest.
The arrangements have all been com
pleted for the Joint picnic to be given at
Germanla Garden on the 29th inst. by
America and Mizpah Lodges.
At the meeting of Lincoln Lodge last
Monday there was, as usual, a large at
tendance, and the election of officers for
the ensuing term was concluded. Under
good of the order ,there was a report of
the proceedings of the recent session of
the Supreme Lodge.
America Lodge is reported a3 making
rapid progress in the Mission district, fre
quently taking in new members.
In the near future an effort will be made
to organize a lodge in Oakland and one in
Alameda.
Harmony Lodge at its last held meeting
was visited by the Past Presidents" Assot
clation. After the business of the evening
and addresses by prominent members of
the association there was a collation
served by the lodge.
Pioneer Lodge at its meeting last Tues
day night elected its officers for the cur
rent term.
Mizpah Lodge gave a party last Thurs
day night In Mission Opera Hall that was
well attended, and the guests of the lodge
had a very enjoyable time.
The members of Harmony Lodge will to
morrow night pay a fraternal visit to Lin
coln Lodge in its hall In the Odd Fellows'
building.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm paid a visit
last week to Court Oak Grove, Ho was
accompanied by High Junior Woodward
W. F. Jones. The meeting was a pleas
ant one and the visitors delivered in
structive addresses.
Court Alameda of Oakland celebrated
its first anniversary by an entertainment
last Friday night. There was a good at
tendance and an interesting programme
was presented.
Companions of the Forest.
The social that was given on last Mon
day night by Loyal Circle In the social
hall of the Shiels building was a grand
social event, that was attended by a large
number of the friends of the circle. There
was a short programme of entertainment
and a good programme of dances.
Fidelity Circle. Sherwood Ci. Ae and the
circle in Los Angeles report a number of
candidates for iritlatlon.
American Companions.
At the last held meeting of Washington
Circle, Loyal Circle paid a fraternal visit,
coming in a body.
Bohemian Circle will publicly Install its
new officers about the middle of July.
Franklin Circle had a very pleasant so
cial last week.
Bonita Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America will, on the .night of
the 23d of July, celebrate its tenth anni
versary by a party to be given in Man
gels' Hall.
Bay City Circle is still progressing and
It feel3 proud that Mrs. Helena Worms,"
its financial secretary and one of the
most earnest workers In the order, has
been elected chairman of the board of
grand trustees. This circle has arranged
for a social to be given on the night of
the ISth of next July.
Martha Washington Circle will have its
officers publicly installed on the 12th of
next month and on the night of the 30th
of August it will give an entertainment
In Union Square Hall.
done to make this a pleasant outing for
all.
On the ISth Dr. Kueglsr, who has just
returned from Europe, will lecture before
Stanford Parlor en "Egypt." There will
in addition be a programme presented un
der the direction of J. J. ¦McCarthy. J. G.
Cox and Joe Greenbaum, the committee
on social hour.
Native Daughters.
A
Pa
lo
pr
an
At the last held meeting of Ventura
Parlor No. So, N. D. G. \V., the home par
lor of Mrs. Cora B. Sifford, the grand
president, the members arranged a pleas
ant surorise for their distinguished fel-
low member, just prior to her retirement
from olSce. Mrs. Sifford is held in high
esteem by every member of the parlor
and as a testimonial of their appreciation
of her and her worn for the oraer during
the time she held the higtiest oince, pre
sented her a handsome California onyx
and gold inkstand <jf unique design and
a dainty mother of pearl penholder and
gain pen. The gift, which beu.rs an ap
propriately inscribed plate, was, on be
half of the paricr. presented by Miss Or
pha Foster, the acting president, accom
panying the gift with a touching allusion
io regret that the recipient haa to retire
from the highest honor that the order
can bestow on one of its worthy mem
bers. Mrs. Sifford made a neat response,
notwithstanding that the affair was as
unexpected as it was a pleasure to be so
kindly remembered.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
On the night cf the 9th inet. the exten
sion committee of the A. 0. U. W. for San
Krar.c:soo held a meeting in the office of
the grand recorder and discussed the work
that has been done since its organization
a few weeks ago and laid out plans for
the future. The reports of the several
j members of the committee and of the dis
trict deputies established that much can
be effected by concert of action, and that
the members are doing eood. work is
snow n by the enthusiasm that is being
instilled in the several lodges by the visits
or the committee and me increase in
membership In the visited ledges, in the
absence or Deputy Grand Muster Edwin
Danforth, Viet President McPberson pre
sided. . ,,
Last Monday night the members of Me
morial Lodge were out for a trolley ride
over the electric lines of the city.
Last Tuesday night the members of the
extension committee paid a visit to Olym-
I pic Lodge and it was accompanied by
' eirand Master Snook and Grand Recorder
i?Pv.-ucer. After the work of the evening
w as over the lodge room was turned ov^r
to Walter S. Maiioy, secretary of the vis
iting committee, alter which there was a
programme of instrumental music and
sons', contributed by Messrs. Apple and
i Love of Valley Lodge, Fred Dolpi. Al Le
i roy. Deputy Hawiey. Master C. V\ oodruff
and Joe Hansen. Grand Master Snook de
iivered a short address on the evidence
that the parent of all beneficiary orders
is rapidly becoming the young men's or
der. Grand Recorder Spencer spoke of
the remarkable gain that was matte in the
past few weeks in this city. Secretary
Malloy spoke in an impressive way of the
fraternal side of the order, and then there
was an appeal to the young to join the
crder and to the clA men to induce the
voung ones of their acquaintance to com©
to, the speakers being District Deputies
Stock and Bowman.
The same night the grand master and
j the grand recorder paid a visit to Pros
| peritv Lodge, where they delivered ad
dresses and were well received and enter
tained.
Last Wednesday night the general com
mittee on picnic held a meeting and de
cided that the next picnic of the order
should be at Los Gatos. the date to be
fixed at a future meeting. All the local
lodges have agreed to take part in this
affair.
Forget Me Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor has decided to give a literary,
musical and dance party in a short time.
Deputy Grand Master Edwin Danforth
I has been elected one of the supreme trus
tees, so says a dispatch to the grand re
' corder. v
Class C of nine fcr PaciSc Lodge was
initiated last Thursday. Next Thursday
the members of class C will be enrolled
and it is expected that before the time
fixed in the offer the lodge will have se
cured enough T.ew members to entitle it
to the diamond badge offered by the
Grand Lodge. On that night there will
be a smoker and Deputy Wells will be on
hand as enrolling ofcicer.
Improved Order Red Men.
H. A. Chase. P. G. S., has been ill at
his home Tor some time, but is slowly re
covering.
In a recent communication from the res
ervation of Pennsylvania is a report of
an increase for the Great Sun just passed
of S507 members.
A very enjoyable picnic was held at San
Lorenzo Grove June 10 by the members of
Seminole Tribe and friends. Several valu
able prizes were distributed.
Considerable interest is bein? centered
in the next competitive rendi^on of the
adoption ceremony to take place during
the session of the next Great Council. Up
to this time the following tribes have ex
pressed intention of competing for the
trophy: Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, ilodoc
No. 51 Altahmos No. 87 and White Eagle
No. 72.
There is regret at the death of Joseph
Allison, grand sachem of the reservation
of i-*ennsyivaxiia. His sudden death oc
curred at the opening of the Great Coun
cil of Pennsylvania at Reading. Pa.
J. J. Hanford, Mayor of San Bernardino
and sachem of Coahuilla Tribe No. 102 of
that place is in the city on business, and
paid a v;s"it to the Post-street Wigwam.
He reports Redmanship In his hunting
prounds doing well and predicts a beauti
lul future for the order in Southern Cal
¦ Alfaretta Council No. 10, Degree of Po
cahontas, will entertain Its friends at
Union-square Hall on Saturday, June 22.
bv something novel and original in the
shape cf a tourists' party. P^.zes will be
given for the most original and best sus
tained characters.
On Wednesday evening, June 13, a large
delegation cf Red Men from San Fran
cisco journeved to the wigwam of Ah-
Wah-Nee Tribe at East Oakland to wit
ness the competition between Ah-Wah-
Nee Tribe No. £6 of that place and Paw
nee Tribe No. €7 of Alameda. The large
hall was filled to overflowing, including
visitors from Comanche, Tecumseh and
Cherokee tribes.
The competition was for a trophy, and
after a close competition Pawnee Tribo
was declared the winner.
Oneida Council of D. of P. adopted
seven palefaces at its last held meeting.
The council will give its first social in
Shiels' building on the 26th of July.
J. Simons of Yosemite Tribe will short
ly institute a tribe at Petaluma. and
George 11. Stein will lay the foundation
for one at Santa Rosa.
Knights of Pythias.
Laurel Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
on last Monday night celebrated the
thirv-tirst anniversary of Its institution
by a social and entertainment in the
Crystal Hall of the Pythian Castle. There
was a large number of the members and
th«>ir friends to join in the pleasures of
the evening. The affair was under the
•ilrertion ci Messrs. Ernest L'llman, Dan
iel W. Saylcr, M. S. Kramer, J. H. BroOk
and L. Kramer. During the evening be
tween dances there was a cakevralK by
Darrell ajid Irene, the children of A. C.
Kuhl: specialties by Professor "W. E. Wil
son, champion bone soloist of the West,
and native songs by Mrs. A. K. Lewis of
Honolulu. These numbers were received
with raptures of applause and each con
tributor was require-d to give an encore.
The dance programme was well arranged
an« till spent a pleasant evening with tne
sir knights.
Golden Gate Lodge will celebrate its
nineteenth anniversary on the 22d inst.
with a banquet.
A company of the uniform rank is be
ing organized in Unity Lodge.
Fifteen representatives from California
will leave to attend the Supreme Lodge,
which will convene in Detroit. Mich.,
during the third week in August. Her
man Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S., has
b^en appointed manager of fares and
transportation In .connection with that
Durins- the recent cession of the Grand
I odge there was appropriated $275 for the
relief of a member in 'distress and $23)
to assist cne who is very poor and bed
ridden. The Grand Lodge extended an
invitation to the Supreme Lodge to hold
its session in San Francisco in 1902. The
Grand Lodge will raise 515,000 to entertain
tl'e members of the supreme body and
will raise $25,000 additional to be appor
tioned as prizes to be competed for by
vJsitins teams of the uniform rank. The
irrand body amended Us laws so as to
make the payment of sick benefits by the
subordinate lodges discretionary instead
of compulsory. The grand chancellor was
Doings in Fraternal Circles
The Eastern Star.
At the last hel
Chapter there was
witness the initia
and the admission
who were received
D. M. and Mrs. L
Mrs. Carrie Perri
Mrs. Ruby Bryant.
Miss Mary Conrad
The work by Mrs.
tron, and her corp
a standard of exce
to ;he words of c
b€5iowe<l. After t
lad.es and gentlem
quet rowm, where
tality of the chapt
nent members ci t
ent were: Past G
Justa 1_>. Wilton, G
. Wiiiats, Worth
Berkeley Chapttr.
of Beulah Chapter
Carter cf Harmon
tron Mits K. G
JL'ranch <Jnapier. M
San Jose. L>r. Bu
Clarke cf Mistletoe Chapter,Kansas; John
and Mrs. Tonniiiiten of Harmony Chap
ter. At the banquet there were a nuru^er
of short addresses, and D. M. Lawrence
favored with vocal selections.
At the last hold meeting of Mission
Chapter there was a large attendance to
witness the Initiation of eight candidates
and the admission of two by card. Those
¦who were received into the chapter were:
D. M. ar.d Mrs. Lawrence. Howard and
Mrs. Carrie Perrine. George Bryant and
Mrs. Ruby Bryant. F. I>. and Mrs. Ilardie.
Miss Mary Conrad and Mrs-. Mary Btman.
The work by Mrs. iriickie. the worthy ma
tron, and her corps of oriktrs. was up to
a standard of excellence that entitled all
to ;he words of ccnirnend.i.tion that were
bestowed. After the ceremonies nearly 3a)
lad.es and gcntlemtn marched to the ban
quet room, where all enjoyed the hospi
tality ol the chapter. Among the promi
nent members ci the order who were pres
ent were: Past Grand Matron Mrs. Au
fusta J_>. Wilton. Grand ik-cretarv Mrs. K.
. Wiiiats, Worthy Patron Sanbora of
Berkeley Chapter. Worthy Patron Barriile
of Beuiah Chapter, Worthy Matron Mrs.
Carter cf Harmony Chapter. Worthy Lla
tron Mits K. G. McConkey of Oiive
L-'ranch Chapter, Mrs. Ella C Wheeler cf
J?an Jose. l_>r. Burns of Seattle. G. S.
Clarke cf Mistletoe Chapter, Kansas; John
and Mrs. Tonniii^ten of Harmony Chap
ter. At the banquet there were a number
cf chert addresses, and D. M. Lawieace
favored with vocal selections.
Lt&st Monday night Beuiah Chapter, in
the presence of a good portion of the
members and a large number of visitors
from local chapters. John S. Partridge
w«s Initiated. After the wcrk Grand Pa
tron Georse L. Darling took occasion to
compliment the officers for the Highly
creditable manner in which they had per
formed their part cf the ceremony, and
he was particularly commendatory m
speaking or the work of Wcrthy Patron
Barriile, saying that he had never seen it
excelled fcr precision and impressiveness.
Tie music incidental to the ceremony was
by Mrs. G. L_ Darling, past grand organ
ist. Alter the work there were addresses
by The Grand Patron. George T. Shaw. P.
V. P.; Mrs. Alice Hickie, matron of Mis-
Fion Chapter; Mrs. Westman of Oristamba
Chapter, and Messrs. Ordty. Wafien and
Fairf.eiu. The work cf the evening was
followed by a collation.
At the last held meeting of Ivy Chapter
several applications were received and it
was announced that there will be initia
tions at the next meeting. After the work
cf the> evening there was a short enter
taining programme and a progressive
euchre party, in which Miss Florence Per
kins won the lady's first prize and Mr.
Nelson the gentleman's.
It If expected that Golden Gate Chapter
¦will have work in the initiatory degree
at its r.oxt meeting, as several strangers
have been elected.
Berkeley Chapter will also have work
in the initiatory degree.
Sliver Star Chapter of Vallejo recently
pave an entertainment, the principal feat
ure bein? the "old maids" convention,"
with Miss Bond as the president of the
meeting. It was a gfeat success in every
way.
A number cf the personal friends of
Miss May Carter of Harmony Chapter,
havlr.g discovered that she had a birth
day, paid her & surprise visit last week to
congratulate her. A merry evening was
epest.
The Odd Fellows.
Last ¦Wednesday Grand Master Watsor,
paid a \ - is!t to Fidelity, his own lodge,
and was received wit!^ great cordiality.
On the 13th he was witn Alturas L/xise ai
La Porte. He will during the present toui
visit as follows: Jur.e li, Quir.cy; 13
<ire€r.v;Ue; CO. Tavlorriile; 21. Jobrisville;
™. Jar.esv-ille; 23. SusiLnville: 26, Cedar
vine; 2T, Fort Bidwell: 23, Alturas: au
Ad:r.; July 2, Bieber; 3, Fail River Mills;
£, Mlllvllle; 6, Shasta; 7. Frer.ch Gulch;
1- Weave rvi-ie: 10, Trinity Center; IX
Etna; IT. Sawyers Bar; 13, Fort Jones; 14
Yreka; 16, Sissoi^
The Eebekahs.
The members cr l^cyas iteoexan juocge
have the assurance U:at there will be a
large attendance to-morrow night in the
banquet hail of the I. O. O. F. building to
•witness the presentation of the "'I J eake
Sisters' Entertainment" by ten young
ladles of the lodge.
Waihaila Rebekah Lodge (German) gave
*.n entertainment In the Covenant Hail of
the I. O. O. F- building last evening,
which was attended by ail the members
Bad many cf their friends. An interest
ing programme was greatly enjoyed, and
e.f£cr ti.e several nuznLrcrs had been pre
sented there was a dance, which was kept
up until midnight.
Amity Uebekah Lodge has had a most
successful term, having up to the 9th tost.
Initiated thirty-nine strangers and re
ceived three by card. On the nisht named
twelve were admitted by initiation .and
two affiliated by card. The work by Mrs.
Z^igler, the noble grand, and her corps of
cfiicc-rs has been perfect, and has been the
subject of a great deal of favorable com
ment by visitors to the lodge. There is
« tie regret in the lodge, and that is that
Mrs. ZoSgler could not be induced to serve
fc.noth<r terra as noble grand. This lodge
will give an entertainment and dance in,
its hall on the night of Saturday next,
the 2od.
On the right of the Sth inst. Mission
Rebekah Lodge pave an evening at home
10 its friends, presenting a good pro
gramme of entertainment. The feature
was ti.e presentation of a farce entitled
"lllxi Jennie." in which Florence Urqu
hart. Ionian B. Haleomb. Catherine
Stone, Nellie MiiSer and Maude Trixnbell
took part. It was very amusing and all
acted their parts well. Dancir.s followed
the programme.
The rose social by Oriental Rebekah
Lodge last Wednesday was a delightful
entertainment and was a gTeat surcess.
There «is a lirst-claFs programme of
dance* and all enjoyed themselves.
A number of the members of Templar
Lodge left this city by the last boat last
night for Ross Valley ¦with the idea of
making a moonlight ascent of Mount
Tamaipais.
The Elks.
Grand Exalted Ruier Al'en. after visit-
Ing a number of the lodges cf the V.'est,
Ftarted for his home peslerday with pleas
ant recollections of the best people on
earth he met in California and with best
wishes for their prosperity.
The Elks' committee on social session
of Stockton Lodee will spring a number
cf surprises on the mrmb*>rs next Tues
cav night. The rrcjEramiae will not only
be "novel, but it will be strange and won
derful. This lodge was well represented
at the welcome given to the grand ex
alted rder in Sacramento and the repre
sentatives took part in the social session.
Last Wednesday the grand exalted ruler
was the guest of Stockton Lodge and he
was tendered a grand reception. After an
Inspection of the lodge rooms he pro
nounced them the finest he had seen in
the I'nited States with two exceptions-
Jackson Hatch, exalted ruler of San
Jcpe Lodge, says that within a year the
lodge, which now has a membership of
173. will stand with the No. 1 class in re
gard to numerical strength. This lodge
will shortly give a minstrel entertainment.
Th«* Io<?ge institute at Redlands a:ay
£J has already a membership of w. The
inenJbers. who are very enthusiastic,
hope by the 1st of August to have 1Z»
rarnVs on the roll. Deputy Kennedy says
he «s proud of the lodfre.
, The lodge In Bakersfieid in rehabilita
tion is making rapid strides in the line
of membership and has already a neat
(cm in Its treasury. Il is receiving the
benefits of Deputy Kennedy's advice.
The Druids.
During the past week ail the groves of
the city have been busy preparing for the
Grand Grove session, to commence next
Tuesday. '¦'..'¦''"
The tall and reception to the officers
end representatives will be on Wednesday
ewning In Odd Fellows' HalL
La*t Thursday nipht Manzanlta Grove
pave th* s«cond, or Bard's, degree to two
candidates in the presence of a large num
ber of members of the gTove and visitors.
Grand President Rust has appointed the
following: additional district grirnd presi
dent? at larjre: I~ F. Serecano of Rlncon
Parlor L- W. Juiliard of Santa Rosa Par
lor and L. H. Kohn of Hesperian Parlor.
Orand Organizer J. A. Steinbach la or
panizir.tr new parlors .at Lakeport and
C HeFj»eriaa Parlor No. 137 will celebrate
the Fourth of July by an excursion and
outinp to Camp Taylor. The proceeds will
be added to the parlor's fund to bo u.«ed
in the celebration of nest Admission day.
The parlor will be accompanied by a band
of twelve of its members. It will furnish
the music in the <lanc<* pavilion situated
In a beautiful errove of redwoods. The
comrrlttete having charge of this affi.r
consists of Charles IL Ehlert. W. D. Mol
ler. Charles P. Lemoge, H. Zecker and F.
C. Struven. It ¦ will do all • that can be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tent free_to menT"
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vig^or
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to ail who
will vrnte the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form -of sexual weakness
resulting: from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, saving strengxh
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troublos that
ccme from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
Stato- Medical Institute, 3^ Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
cample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In. a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
AMTJSZJrESTa
Week Commenctn; STTNPAT Matinee. Juse 17.
The Most Attractive Vaudeville Bill
of the Season.
Charles E. Crapewin
The Eminent Eastern Comedian.
Assisted by
MISS ANNA CHANCE AND CO.,
la a new and original Comply Sketch.
"ABOVE TIIE LIMIT."
musicaUdalC
Tho Klas of Camsanologlsta,
Van and Nobriga Co.
A Laozhlns Hit. In a New Sketch.
THE MARVELOUS MERRILLS,
Greatest Bicyclist* ci th» C«atuzy.
Sydney Deane,
Th» Celebrated Australian Barytoaa 8ololst.
McDonald brothers
Vaadertne Comedians.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
WJti a New Series of "War Vl»w».
THIRD AND FINAL WEEK OS" THE
'FRISCO FAVORITES.
JOSEPH CARRIE
HART '"" DEMAR
In Hart's Best Comedy Sketch. '"THE QUIET
MR. GAT."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JOE 17.
Parquet. 25 cesta, asy seat: Balccny. 19 cents;
Children. 10 cents, any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. 50 cents;
I front rows of balcony reserred. & cents.
TO-NIGHT AND FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
HOTT3 BEST COIIEDT.
MILK WHITE
FLAG."
Presented by the Fnll Stren^ta of
DUNNE & RYLEY'S
ALL-STAR GAST4
Includes
JOHN W. DtTNTCE as Napoleon. MART MAR-
BLE aa the Orphan. HARRY BULGER as t^.-»
Ur4ertaker. J. SHERRIE MATTHEWS as
the PI sott Luce and WALTER JONES as tha
Private.
50— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 60
NOTE — This Is the first time "A MILK
"WHITE FLAG" has be-n presented at Cali-
fornia Theater prices aid this la th« best cast
and production ever glvea.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY . . . STTNIXAY, JUNE 17
LADIES 1 DAY CHAMPION STAKE !
sixteen xoamrATioirs.
Rural Artist vs. Chicago Boy,
For Glory vs. Fine Fire,
Theron vs. Recording Angel,
Eerschel's Pride vs. Beacon,
Sylvanus vs. Narcissus.
Palo Alto vs. Royal Flu3h.
Whitehead vs. Luxor,
Hose vs. Warship.
— ALSO—
I28-D0G RESERVE STAKE!
TRAIN SERVICE:
Zieaves Third and Townsend streets
10:15 a. in., 11 a. m., 12 ra. and 1
p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets 5 minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. ra. and after last course.
San Hateo electric cars every 6
minutes.
AD2TE5SIOir 25C. TtADTES FREE.
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TODAY
SUNDAY JUNE 17, 1900
GRAND
OPEN EVENT!
100— COURSES— 100
Mission-Street Electric Cars Direct.
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
weeeT call
Enlarged to 16 Pa£cs
SI pep Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
Just Remember...
THAT TO-NIGHT
AND ALL NEXT WEEK
You Have a Chance to Hear the Beautiful
Con'c Opera Success.
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Suqs by the Great Coropany. Including
EDWIN" STEVENS,
ANNA LICHTER and
FERRIS HARTMAN.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
ON MONDAY, JUNE 25th,
Lavlsb Fevlval of the
Gem of Comic Operas.
THE GEISHA.
Seats On Sale To-Morrow Morning.
S8SS£ 25 and 50 Cents
TE1EPHONE, BUSH 9.
FHONB MAIN B3.
Commencing MATINEE TO-DAT.
FOR ONE WEEK ONI/T.
Tbe Hon. Judson Ztrusie's Successful Rural
Drama,
A Homespun Heart
or THE ESTATE OF HANNIBAL HOWE."
Elaborately Mounted. With a Splendid
Cast. Which Ineliiles:
FRANK W. BACON. EDITH LEMMERT.
And an Excellent Comrony.
- PRICES— 10. 13. 25 and 60 Onts.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All
Matinees 23c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THET FAT MAN,
BALL, Snbdaing WALLACE,
THE UNTAMABLE LION.
BLADDER CONTEST OX THE LAKE.
ELECTRICFOUNTAIN
Telerhone for Seat*— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NTOHTS. OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. in. to 19 p. m.
ADMISSION 10 cents. CHILDREN S ceats.
Bathing. Including artmimloo. 25c Children feto.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT
AND CONTINUING FOR A
SECOND AND LAST WEEK,
Beginning iWONDAY,
THE GREAT
I % So Ib las 3U H ( .
Presenting
EVERYTHING NEW
IN THE
1LA.GIC "WORLD!
Including the
Faaous Levitation Act.
If You Wish. Brin* Tour Own Hoop.
PRICES— S5c. 35c. BOc. T5e and ?1.OO.
MONDAY, JUNE 25,
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY
MILLER
And a SPECIAL, COMPANY.
In the Prevailing New Yorfc and London
Success,
"MISS HOBBS"
,.-"-; CFATC READY NEXT
0C/\ 1 O THURSDAY.
PRICES H!ic, 35c. 5Oc. T5c. $1 and Sl.r>O.
-^*SL *^ a * £? Mi. TT 5? P • w
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT,
THIRD WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by "W1IITE WHITTLESEY.
The RaEinE Sensation,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats Six Days In Advance, at Box Offlcs
Only. "
OLYMFIA <fo D «%f!o*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
xatu v* 1S THE CJTT
"'\ •' Flr»t App*aranc« on the Coast.
Oi-uRGL TRUMP,
Th« High-Card of Hand Balancers.
THE DCCKMANS.
Athletic Comedians and Comedy Bag Punchers.
SI STE8BINS,
Tha Maine Monologist and Card Conjurer.
HENRI D'ARMO,
The Aerial Klnj.
And Our Celebrated Stock Company.
MATIXEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
T?TCPH17R*Q CONCERT HOUSE
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF. In Last Act of
•'ERNANI-*
Ifabelle Underwood and D'Esteile Bister*.
Reserved. Seau, So. Uatlne* BuaiUy.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ..!_..
I Commencing Monday June 18. f
| REMARKABLE |
O ' ©
W . w
0 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, %
9 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, g
S LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS, %
O LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, •
§ LADIES' FEATHER BOAS, %
O LADIES' SILK WAISTS, •
2 LADIES' KID CLOVES, §
3 LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, •
g LADIES' CAFES, MISSES' CAFES, J
9 BLACK and COLORED DRESS GOODS, «c 9
• • ©
9 O
S iooo LADIES' CRASH SKIRTS will be offered OC« •
S at ZDC S
§ 500 LADIES' CRASH SKIRTS, 3 1-2 yards wide, QFp o
§ value for 60c, will be offered at 0 U || ©
S 500 LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS in Tans, Blues p
5 and Grays, value for $1.00, will be sold at. ... Q II a o
I • Dub S
• 200 LADIES' CREPON SKIRTS, Tailor- CO |C ©
© made, value for $6.00, will be sold at . 00l I w %
g 200 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value QC ftfl ©
« for $10.00, will be sold at dUsUU §
g LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, Tailor-made, richly g
Q appliqued, value for $25, marked down to O 1 Q C fl ®
S »... OiUiDU §
S LADIES' GOLF CAPES, value for $6, marked 0 Q Qf) §
% down to UUlvU ©
S WHITE AND GRAY FEATHER BOAS, 45 inches long, S
g value for $15.00, marked down to 0 I fl fl fl ®
• vdlUiUU g
g LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SUITS, former Q J Fft g
O price $6.50, marked down to Oil w U ©
g ©
0 Ladies Will Find Our Reductions Exa:tlj as Represented. ©
• g
1 1146 Market Street. I
e ©
©cooe©eooeoo9o©ooooooooooooocooooe9oe©oooooooTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 3900.
28
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
P~SINTPS OFFICE ef The Pan Francisco
Cell, rorn er of Market and Third streets, open
rrti! U o'clock every nlpht la the year.
BRANCH -OFFICES— E27 Montgomery rtreet,
ccmtr Clay; cpen until 9:*0 p. m.
J?0 Kty? rtreet: open until 5:39 p. m.
(ZS McAuister Ftreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lcrkln etrcet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
[MI Mission street; cpen until 10 p. ta.
_Cl _Ifsion struct, corner Sixteenth; open un«
tu * p. ra.
1« Eleventh rtreet: open until » p. m.
1096 Vel-ncia *t»-eet: open until » p. n».
Ntnhwfft corner Tw^nty-secon- ¦_<- Ken-
tijckv vTTTly rpen Until 9 p. m.
CUtKCII SKIIVICES.
FIRST l're:l:yterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento tt.— The pastor. Kev. II.
M;m k'-r.r.ic-. Ji.l>., will preach at 11 a. m.. and
j;. v. a__un Kirk Guthrle at 7:45 p. m. Suu-
<l*y s^chjoi at l_:4i p. m. Y. P. S. C. _. at
H.'.'.i) v. m. All arc welcome.
CALVABY I > re»ibyterian Church, corner of
J'owt'll anfl Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll,
].'.1>.. ptLbtor, will preach morning and _ven-
'•ng.
fcT U'KE'S Church, comer Van Ne«s ave. and
Clay et.— Rev. XV. A. M. Breck. rector's as-
Fitaar.t. Holy communion, 6 a. m. ; morning
prayer. 11 o'clock: evening service, 7:45. Rev.
T. J. Maokay of Omaha will preach morning
and ev_ UBS.
FZX-ST Cenerf-pationcl Church, corner Post and
Mas&a s-ts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
_M_tur. will preach at both services. At 11
a m. theme, "The Lessons of Bunker Hill";
ut 7:«i p. m., the— .e, "Vast Thy Hurden Upon
the Lor_" All are cordially invited.
PARK Cor.}:res:atlor.al Ohjjrch-Eunday. 11 a.
in., sermon by pastor. "What Shall We Think
of the Uibie?" 7:80 p. m.. Adelbert M. Dewey
of Wasliir.tton. D. C. will deliver his cele-
brated address on "The Love of Money."
AT Cer-tral Methodist Episcopal OT.UB-ch, Mls-
eion et.. between Sixth and Seventh— The
j^stor. Dr. HutElnt<iller. will rrfach at
il o'clock: topic. "The Good O'.d-tlme Reli-
gion"; at 7:45 the topic of the sermon Is "The
Good Religion of the Future." The people
are welcome.
TRINITY Church, earner Bush and Gough ets.
— Ii«?v. Frederick W. Clair.pett. rector. D.D. !
Holy ccmn.unlcn. . and 11 a. m. ; evening
prayer, 4 o'clock. The rector will preach.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
M<.ck. i'2- Putter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at 11
a m.; subject, "16 the Universe, Including
Man. Evolved by Atomic Force?" Sunday
school for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day «ven!np meeting at 8 o'clock. Free read-
ine room, 206 Keaxny tt.. roc-m 510. All wel-
come.
THK First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
r:..r. ij.-is.tor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject,
"Dlvtoe Prience." Services every Sunday at
Home College. 3-V Et.. between
Mission and Valencia.
CHI.P.CH cf Jerus Christ cf Latter-day Saints
— Services; 1? a. m. and 7:45 p. m.. at Pythian
Hall. K_ Market Ft.. Sunday. June 17: EJ_er
K II. Nye will address the evening congre-
EStkn en the fuloect. "Evidences of the Dt-
vitie Origin of the Bock of Mormon." All ax«
welcome.
ASSOCIATION Hall, Mason and Ellis ets.—
M.etlnc for men o:ily this afternoon at >
o'clock. Addrese by the Rev. \V. M. White;
subject. "On the Hock." All young men In-
vited. Seats free.
lioME of Truth. 131 Pine St.— Devotional eer-
rtoM n a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ; Mrs. Nellie
Kemp will preach In the morning and Miss
Harriet H. P.i- in the evening; all are wel-
<¦ ::.• .
FI1'- C T Mt-r.tal Science Temple meets, at .
..clock p. m. to-day. Golden Gate Hall, C25
Suurr st. Lecture liy Mrs. Clara Foltz. |
"power Behind the Throne." Public Invited. |
THK Theoeophlcal Society — PubVe lectures)
. . • ry Sunday evening at 8 o'clock fn Odd Fel-
1 v-'' tmilClnc. To-night. "Persian Mystl-
c-Sm." by Mrs. L'.la Keefer. Golden chain
_rrnup at 11 a. m.
tU-CTIXGS SIMJAY.
EK.U'TlFrLLY illustratf-d lecture by the
w.irld-famous OCCL'LT SEER at the new
Syndicate Lecture Parlors. 1'JIH Orar.t ave..
<-.r deary n... to-night at S: subject. "Occult
V p <¦ Versus Medicine in Curing Disease."
Wed. afternoon at 3 o'clock, ladies only; sub-
je-r. "Woman's 111- ajui Jor*." Friday nisrht
at t> rr'zi or.ly: eutject "Diseases and Weak- i
puicj Destructive of Manliness." treats free. I
DIt. KEEGAJCS lecture this evening, S o'clock,
at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. S» Market
m . : subject, "The Solar Plexus, or the Third
IJratn," followed by magnificent views of a |
visit to the Paris Exposition. Those attend- I
in; rr.:;y procure free tickets to the X-ray ex-
hibition at the Sanitarium, corner of Market
and tlaaoo fis.. next Tuesday evening. Seats
!!•-. No collection.
3blt. RrN-HS mill at IO3 Market: Mrs. Vlrears.
geeSey, Harrison, Mr. Hanpon. Arnold. Mrs.
Katie Haeesmuui; I. Fr. F. Bible. S. S. C.
Aid. 4:2j i). m.
fPIKFTfAL test me*t!r.fr. Se? Market Et.— Keci-
ts»tj. n t'y Mr. : tests ty Mrs. GllilnB-
I:an; brine sealed questions; 10c.
ATTi:M» MRP. EHERHARDTS test meeting
to-night. K30 Twenty-second St.; extra meet-
ins Monday night; 10c.
ATTEND Mine. Marquise'- te«t circle to-nipht
at f; li'.c. S Hyde, nr. McAllister; tkep. come. I
ilHS WINCHESTER. K:0 Clay st.-Cirele to-
¦ cbt, i; Tuesday, 2 p. m. : consultation daily.
MMK. rOCXO'8 ootlvinclUK test circle to-
rijrht. COS McAllister; l f> c; Fittlr.cs as usual.
AT Friendship Ha'l. 235 McAlIlEter-Mrs. Mey-
tr; convincing test tonight 10c; sittings dally.
Xir:s. HAHLAN'D'S rircle to-night; articles.
!-- ;iie<l letters read, 10c; elttlngs dally. 1S6 «th.
WHS. MARY EVANS; circle to-<5ay, I and €
r. rn., 10c; also Men. eve.; read, daily. 14. Cth.
PROMINENT ~ iediun.8 pive tests, read articles,
anF»(T <jueettons. 117 Larkin st-, S o. m.
C. KATO STEERS, trance medium, 1124 Oak
rt.; n-adlncs $1; time limited.
EAKLE w!2! grive another of his marvelous
seances to-night. SSO Ellin Et.
M.:_TIXGS— lnlvrr-al ZJrotLterbood.
MEETINGS— Universal Erotherhood. Thecsoph-
i^-_J Society In America. SIS Market Bt. Lec-
ture to-nijrht, "The Great Tragedy," by
Julius Oettl. I. B. L.. Tuesday night; eub-
tect, "Various Slaves."
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to eell official campaign
book. "The Political Battle of 1900," pre-
I ared under the direction of and indorsed by j
tli" National Committees; newly written: Is- I
eues fend platforms ab;y discusned; portraits I
*n<I ti'iRraphiee of ail party leaders: live Is- j
— >e»; live bock; big»r<??t book; Illustrated;
Lest terms: freight; credit: big money; be first I
In the flpld; OUTFIT FREE; address raanu- I
Cacti-ten. nu!ck. MONARCH HOOK CO..
Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Acents to sell toilet soaps, r>er-
fumes; free premium to every purchaser; lib-
eral cavb com.; write r.cr 111. premium list.
THE SALVO.NA SOAP CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
GEXEHAL ater.ts In every locality in United I
Ktat^B to rej>re»-or:t larse concern and appoint
ajrents on Ftrictly salary basis of r>a per j
month r.r.d all traveli!;p expenses paid. Ai-
<i,-efs 1-Kra. ]QC, ItiTu Park ave.. New York.
TV'AXTED— Tv.-o traveling s,ale-m» n to renre-
••-nt an established buFine^- o f ladles' wear;
must be of po.>l address and acquainted In
the trao>; reference required. Box _:•__, Call.
ESSU CAN be made durir.g next C monin« ty
hurtlln. apents hurdling our whit* and fancy
rubber collars, cuffe. bosoms, neckties: patent-
ed, guaranteed Rood*; inciose ttarap for *pe-
riL.1 i.ian. M. & M. MTr. Co., Sprtnpneld, Mass.
LADY agents— If you war.t the best money
tr.akers p»*t the Hygeia Electric Corsets and
skirts: the standard *or Zt years. Address
WiyTEKX CORSET CO.. Bt. Louis, Mo?
WANTED— Acents; we want several good men
to sell our goods en commission; liberal con-
tracts to the richt I'arties; no idlers or trif-
lers reed c newer this. Western Advertising
<:o.. 113 Hush s-t.
WANTED— r,«»j] po!i-itor«; no others need ap-
ply. OARCISOS ft BAILEY, lit Second t't. I
ANTHOLOGY.
IT.oK. A. MAFEKY of Ejrypt, rreatest astroN
f'KiEt and palmtat in the wcrld; satUfactlon
rear-atfed. U Pweii n.
ATTOIIXEVS AT _A\V.
ADVICE free; divrrcc law a Fpeclalty; private;
no fee without fuccpes; collections. G. W.
HOWS, atty. at law. K.0 Markfct.cor.Stockton.
H. \V. KINO. ±Zi Market et.. room CH; all
oases; no advance charge? : call or write.
L. S. CLARK. Kmm.1 Eprecke!. bldg.. f27 Mar-
k*t Kt.: consultation free; m fees in advance.
AUTO MOBILES.
ArTOMOniLES-FRED WARD & SON.
Actr.ts. 46 Krcmort st. '
UULCIAN 1IA11I.*.
TO reach 400.000 amateurs Interested In Belgian
Ha«-es try ad in THE WINNER MAGAZINE;
»j*plal Belgian hare dejartment la charge of
expert*: j-uperfcly illustrated; guaranteed cir-
culation 4'o.uOO cciiies each issue; rate Jl 2.
per line: July issue closes June 2.. The Win-
ner, St. L ;::. , Mo.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on sale; bred
ar.d untred does from 110 to J1C3; young pedi-
Kreed stock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bitry. P O. draper D. WatsonvlHe. Cal.
A FEW left— Heavywejpht pedigree does; must
be eul. to-day. 1.C Tehama et.
- BELGIAN HARES.
MARKET STREET RABBITRY.
1S32 Market Et. W. C. BENTHAM. prop.
I>ei>ot for Imported and Domestic
UELGIAN HARES.
Matured hares from $5 up
bred does from $8 up
trios $20 up
I have the following bucks at stud:
PREMIER (close relative of Wantage Fox),
fee *20
ROYAL EDINBO ROUGH, imp., fee $20
GOLDEN BOY JR., fee $13
APOLLO (son of Lord Belvedere), fee $10
LOKD LYTTON, Vukon. fee $5
FASHION, lianberry. fee *5
OTHELLO, Black Belgian, fee (S
Young bucks and does from $1 up.
FRAUD!!'
There has been so much deception practiced
In Brlgian Hares that the majority of persons
are unatle to determine where they can get
fair and honest treatment.
Why not patronize the CALIFORNIA BEL-
GIAN HAKE ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best line of animals in the State and are
thoroughly responsible for any representations
they may make. Address
GEO. A. YOUNG, Manager. Alameda, Cal.
TERMINAL Babbitry, end narrow-gauge road.
High-st. Fta.. W. D. DILLA. Prop.. Alameda—
Pee the most racy buck in Central.California,
Viscount Lursan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, score
S3V4. *" M. Prices to s"ll and to suit all purses.
Young etook S weeks to 2 months. $1 £0 up;
».red does, w'ell marked. $3; bred does, better
marked. $7 50; bred doe?, still better marked.
$10 to $20: trios. 2 does and buck, $2. to $100.
Open evenincs; visitors welcome.
100 HEAD fine?t pedigreed Ueljrlan hares In
State' acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring U; start right: booklet
and descrlrtlve list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
tK> PAIR of pedigreed Belgian hares free. For
particulars find our free book on Belgians
write to Petaluma Incubator Co., Petaluma,
FOR *ale— Very fine stock of high-score, pedl-
preed Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
lOC.'H Sutter tt.. San Francisco.
! TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore st.
Fan Francisco, Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
bock on care and feeding^
H *RE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive snuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 609 Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. F. ; &0O rabbits for sale cheap.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
DURING the school vacation a parent wlehef
to find a good home in country for his boy 7
years old: state terms, which must he reason-
able. Address box 2926, Call office^ ,
A LADY with a nice home would like to board
I cr 4 children. For particulars apply to Dr.
F. von Bulow. 120C Market St.. references.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boupht and exchanged.
Ho'.roes- Bonk Co. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CORNER candy and Ice cream parlor: nice
place; departure. LANE _ CO.. 863 Market.
A ROADHOUSE, near city; choice location;
well stocked; good furniture; fine business; ;
must sell; make offer. LANE & CO.. S65 Mkt.
DELICACY and canned goods; fine location;
must sell; make offer. LANE & CO.. S65 Mkt.
PARTNER In an established office business;
short hours. LANE & CO.. 8C5 Market st.
GROCERY and bar: owner compelled to leave
city; make offer. LANE & CO., S65 Market.
$200 — BAKERY; principal street; doing nice
business; established. Lane & Co., S65 Market.
NOTIONS, fancy goods stationery, pastry;
well stocked; must sell. LANE. 865 Market.
PATENTS.
FREE! Valuable Money-making Book on Pat-
ents. Tells all about Patents and how to se-
cure them at low cott. Gives ICO Mechanical
Movement?— Invaluable to inventors and me-
chanics. Tells how FOxtU&ea have been made
from Simple Inventions that others have !
laughed at. The little Pocket Dime Bank |
made over H5Q.O0O. Gives letters of Wealthy
Manufacturers who want good inventions in
thfir line. Send us Rough Drawings of all
your NEW IDEAS'or Inventions. No charge
for our opinion as to their tx-ing New and
Patentabie. Advice FREE. Tells how to Cap-
italize and Organize Joint Stock Patent Right
Companies. This valuable Inventors' Guide
Bx>k mailed FREE to any address. It is
overflowing with invaluable Money-making
Patent Information.
BIG BOOK FREE.
O'MEARA _: CO.. Patent Attorneys.
Opp. Patent Office. SC6 G St.. Washington,
D. C. '
READ THIS:
We have for sele at a bargain. In Oakland,
one cf the best restaurants in the city, for
$l',G0; also a well-locatM corner saloon, at
$15C"0; also a Broadway lodtring hnwe. at 1950,
which cannot be duplicated in Oakland for
the money. All of these are pood-paying in- I
vestments. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway, Oak. j
JSOO— CHICKEN ranch, 9"0 chickens, horse, j
wag-on and tools of all kind?; 6'? acres, 3 arree j
bearing fruit; city water; rent $12 per month, j
$300 — Chicken ranch; house 8 rooms; 3 acres j
of land; torn? fruit; city water; rent $17 per
month. J. W. ELROD, Fruitvale Station.
"HONEST Speculation" — Investments in stocks
and grain maJe by my "i^aie Speculation
Plan" have resulted in larce profits in 30
days and provi-d its value over all other ways
of deallr.c. Send for free particulars. Cus-
tomers and financial references. STEPHEN
A. CLEMONS, broker. Old Colony bldg.. Chl-
cago.. 111.
A PARTY having J~00 can make an Investment
with large returns on principal and profits by j
applying immediately room 4. fifth floor. Mills !
bulldingr. bet. 10 a. m. and . p. m. ; this op-
portunity -will only be open for a limited num-
ber of days.
FOR sale— A coal yard; established 30 years;
Improvements on premises, cons!?tlnpr of
thre<- tenements of four rooms each and a
etore: po with the business; a long lease. In-
quire 1113 Folsom st.
FOR sale— Flrst-claEs oil land; also lease on 40
acres Ventura oil land, surrounded by pro-
ducing Wells. Address box 2S21, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED meat market: doing Rood
business; only those meaning business need
call at 1_2 Liberty st., after 7 p. m.
FOR sale — Good-raying bakery route, horse and
wagon. Apply 717 Sixtieth st., between Grove
st. and Shattuck ave.. Oakland.
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked: 4 large
living rooms; rent $25. Apply Railroad Brew-
ery. 427 Valencia «t.
FOR sale— State right of Dr. Sprlncsteen^s dis-
coverles; originator of Vlavl remedies. .1.1
Fillmore st.
FOR E-le-or exchange— General merchandise
business: 1 hour frcm S. F. ; eplendid loca-
tion; well estat>. : best reasons for selling; in-
vettlRatlnn lnvltc-d; will exchange for Oakland
or S. F. income property, unincumbered. G.
M., box 2767, Call office, Oakland.
THE well-known Camera Obseura building- at
Avalon. containing 3 living rooms and drug
store rented for season, together with the j
camera, is offered for sale or lease for the I
coming season. Apply at once to owner, DR. !
W. H. PRITTIK of Prlttle Drue Co., 42a S
Main St., opp. Postoffice, Los Angeles, Cal. '
J1CP0 — CORNTR Grocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms: rent $10; lease If wanted; place doing
a Rood payinK caFh business; want to sell, as |
owner is compelled to leave the city. E&x
2Cf5. Call office.
JSOO — SALOON and lunrh house. 4 rooms, suit-
able fcr man and wife; £.lcknesg cause: low
rent. 6CC Micpion. st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied frcm GEO
W. CAPWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento *t.
FOR sale ->r exchange for Jewelry, stock' of
fancy goods. Box lal, Gllroy, Cal.
BAKERY, notions; store for sale cheap; corner
¦tore' rent $,13. E31 Natoma st. :
SALOON with picnic gardens for sale; J1I5
Eleven-mile IIouM. Mis-ion road. i
$2^0— WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; 3 Uv- j
Ing rooms; a bargain. €43 Minna st, nr. Sth. j
FIRST-CLASS shoe Ghop; good prices; good
work; -mall stock shoes. 332 Hush ft.
$175— RESTAT'RANT; worth HOO; must b« sold.
Inquire Call office.
$U,0-RESTAURANT lii good location; • $50
down, balance easy. Apply 837 Mission st.
OLD established corner ~r ocery. coal yard ¦ i
hay and praln business included, at bargain
to the right party; Ions lease. Apply corner
Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.
$150 WILL buy stock, good win, fixtures of !
fruit and vegetable store. 775 Washington
et.. Oakland.
TO lease— Waltermlre' Bdmont Hotel property
Apply to CEO. C. ROSS. Drlmont.
J400 — CORNER — -ocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
arcour.t of elckness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
DON'T mien the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
J1SC0— BARGAIN— Grocery and bar; good stock;
lunre bar trade. Apply 30 Lily ave.
Jl-SO— INSIDE route on this paper. Inquire
C31 Sacramento et. BAPTISTE.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
locat'on; place is entirely covered and con-
tains S etall?: rent only IIS; water free. In-
auire WM. HENDR1CKSON _ CO.. 614 Call
building
6ALOON, downtown, near Market st.; rent $60
ptr month. Apply 12 First st.
MAKE your own price — Saloon; Rood business.
N. W. cor. Harrison and Langton sts. •
FAMILY llnuor store at invoice value; good
location; lease. Ml Market it.
BUSINESS CHANCES-^ — CONTINUED.
$400— RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7T7V. Mrkt.
J1J00— PARTNER wanted: manufacturing of
ftaple goods. MCLAUGHLIN, 777% Market.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; full value; bar-
paln. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. nVA Market st.
l jc-o— AN old-established blacksmlthing and
horseshoeing business sacrificed on account of
death of owner. 22 Cortland ave., nr. Mission.
NURSERY for sale; jobs and tools, including
florist. 1724 Central ave.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 2SC per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St.
LODGING-HOUSES l'OH SALE.
7 ROOMS: Rood carpets; good furniture.... $175
11 rooms: clean; all men; rent $28 $2C0
14; corner; rent 50; sood, A No. 1 $510
16 rooms; ftne; central; nice residence J?00
19 rooms; full; respectable: rent $35 $650
26 rooms; corner; paying; fine furniture... $1500
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1. near Call bldg.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market, over the
Wonder Millinery: telephone Mint 1591.
12 rooms $S50 20 rooms $600
I 1« rooms 600 15 rooms • 475
| 24 rooms 700 19 rooms 700
j tl rooms, Oakland. 1200'
CAPE NOME.
Al STEAMER. Cape Nome. York and Golovln
Bay, sailing June 25: fare $00 up. C. F.
MOORE. 'J3o Market St.. room 6r
CAIUUA~.ES AND WAGONS.
VERY swell camp wagon, accommodate 8
ppring b?ds for Invalids; must see to appre-
ciate. 8279 Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
ALL/kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at £32 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & ha.r-
neys. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAHI'KT BEATING A.ND CLEANING:
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
8end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
j. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clea;\ng Co.,
453 Stevenson st.. tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STHATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie < >44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 331 GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Benting Works. 833 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARNOLD'S tests and communications to-night,
10c; sittings every day, 60c. 14S Sixth, rm. 12.
! MRS HOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings: g.
$1. 1. 50c: cir. Mo., Tu.. Wei. Fri.. 10c. 31 6th.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings dally; cir.
Tues., Frl., 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
"GO to Watson"; spiritual medium and palm-
ist: lucky and truest. 1581 Market, nr. 12th; 25c.
WTLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays included.
EARLE. 330 Ellis Bt.— Seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings dally; will leave the city June 15.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1HH Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St.,
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send ctamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
Bt., near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market Bt. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER. Wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader; born with double veil & second sight;
dlafcnoses diseases with life readings; L.. 50c;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. &EREDA of 5 Seventh st., original gypsy
life reader: readings, 25c; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. 823
Mission st., near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant.' card reader;
sittings daily. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; Dullness
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band'c picture; 2Jc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acancy — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE of B rooms. 2307 Polk St.
place, 8. off Bush, bet. Hyde and
Larkin-Cottage of 6 rooms; large cellar;
rent. $15.
COTTAGE In Mill Valley; 2 rooms and tent;
furnished for housekeeping; rent $15 for Au-
gust. Apply -IS Jereey st.
THREE Kunny rooms, nice garden, cheap to
small family. 1270 Folsom St., near Ninth.
B SUNNY rooms, chicken-house, barn; cheap to
good tenant. 521 Thirtieth St., near Noe.
$6— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; Holly Park, 23 Roscoe
Bt. ; water free. Apply 64 Silver st., off Third.
%S — COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard; respectable loca-
tion. 1705 Turk st., near Scott.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins st.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
(3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charee for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GET our prices for painless dentistry before
going elsewhere. NEW YORK DENTAL
PARLOR.' Sixth and Mission sts.
DR. GEOr.GE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June 13 until July L
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, tllky coat; for sale by all druggists
or <u the hospital, BIO Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZABD'S Dog Hospital, Post. rMllmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogn hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, -30 Sutter-Jit., dressmaking
(school; any pattern cut to measure.
fc> K. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.; dresses
mnde, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ir.g. pinking, 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SCHOLARSHIPS Oakland Polytechnic Busi-
ness College for 1 year, *65; shorthand. East-
ern correspondence school, $10. Box 27S8, Call
office, Oakland. *
ALL stu.ents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NKSS COLLEGE. 1136 Market st. ¦
AYRES'. the leading business college, 72S Mar-
ket st.; life scholarship, $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 805 Larktn st. ;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1E04.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher, .
best system.'-' M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
HEALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Pott St.,
S. F. ; founded 1863: SO-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sln_. 36 Geary, r. 34.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
,_ EDUCATIONAL.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 610 Golden Gate.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big. ; cat log.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin .and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling.
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
UUl'LOVM_i\T OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Postf near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best heTp
furn.; domestic aerv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay Sa.
ORPHEU1I Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
beat help furn. ; tel. John 2121. SC6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411'j O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
KJH'LOYMKST WANTED — FEMALE.
SUPERIOR first-class cook desires situation;
best of references. Apply to J. F. CROSETT,.
316 Sutter st.
SETTLED woman wishes situation as cook in
American or Jewish family. 766 Folsom st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation In
American family to assist In general work.
Call or address 220 Sixth ave.
A FRENCH lady of refinement offers her serv-
ices to any family or party of ladles going to
Paris for her traveling expenses; aUo can act
as guide and interpreter. Box 2698. Call.
LADY wants position as housekeeper or com-
panion to elderly lady: no objection to trav-
eling. Address box 2637, Call. j
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by Ameri-
can lady or care for invalid. Apply 205>/i Fair
Oaks st.
8ITUATION wanted by young German girl, 15
years, as companion and to assist In light
housework to elderly couple: mother's care
1 wanted. Address box 2922, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, wishing to go East, will
act as companion or care for invalid or chil-
dren for transportation. Box 2914, Call. _
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families; terms $1 25 per day; references.
Address 317 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants to do general house-
work; wages $20. Call Monday at 266 Tenth
St., Swedish Baptist Churchy
YOUNG girl wishes outside stenography work.
Please call at 401 California st., room 30.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day; city
or country; $1 50 per day. 104 Hoffman ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to keep house
for party of men or widower; .qjty or country.
C. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED— A situation as competent Infants'
nurse: German; city or country, or would
travel; references. M. G., Call branch, 639 Mc-
Alllster st. ¦
STRONG young German girl desires position to
do chamber work and laundress. 7 Van. Ness.
RELIABLE Invalid's nurse, companion or
housekeeper; good home; moderate wages;
excellent references; city or country. 820O
Sutter St.. near Jones.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat, reliable elderly
woman; the care of children, cooking and en-
' tire work of small family; references; wages
moderate. Box 26S0. Call.
DRESSMAKER with city reference desires few
more engagements at $1 25 day: silk shirt
waists specialty. Box 26S4, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, thorough fitter in tailor-made
and evening stilts, wants sewing; $1 50 per
day. 244 Taylor st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to do day
j work or 3 successive days. 322 Virginia ave.
JAPANESE young Rirl wants situation to help
cook or do housework in city. H.. US Eddy.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and bageace to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG Danish man wants situation In private
place; thoroughly understands care of horses,
cows and garden; best of references. Ad-
dress box 2P26, Call office. ¦
ENGLISHMAN, married, competent, trust-
worthy, wants charge of orchard or vineyard,
or .would keep house for bachelor rancher and
work on place; good bookkeeper; Al refer-
ences. Box 2927, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hoetler or to do general work around Dlace;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
BOY wishes position driving buggy or running
lever elevator. Box 4621, Call office.
OUTSIDE salesman with good line of city and
country customers wants position; can furnish
bonds and references. Address box 2923, Call.
CARRIAGE and house painter, paper-hanger
and decorator; first-class workman, with
complete outfit; will work reasonable; city oi
country. Painter, box 2661, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience;
strictly sober; uees no tobacco: not afraid of
work; undeniable refernces. It., 869 Mission.
ENGINEER and machinist; young; practical
all-around mechanic; Is also millwright; has
long experience around machinery; first-class
references. Box 2912, Call.
WANTED — Graduate nurse and marseur, who
has traveled to health resorts In Europe and
the U. S., well acquainted In Paris, capable,
will act as secretary and companion to in-
valid, families or gentleman; ' speaks French,
German. English; refernces given. Box 601,
Call office.
A YOUNO fellow, American, 21 years old,
bright, active, honest, of good address and
affectionate disposition, desires position a.s
valet to gentleman desiring companion or
valet; no objection to going to Paris Exposl-
tlon; reference. Address box .920, Call of flee.
WANTED— Situation by competent bushelman;
custom trade. H. TURNER. 204^ Eddy et.
SITUATION wanted as gardener; 6 years' ex-
perience; English. Address box 26S2, Call.
RELIABLE man wishes position as man about
place: understands care of horses, can milk,
good driver: willing and obllKlng; well ree-
ommended. Box 26S3. Call office.
MAN and wife, German, wish situations In or
around city; wife good cook; man good milker
and general work. Apply 621 Commercial st.
RELIABLE man wants position as driver of de-
livery wagon or work of a similar nature.
Address DRIVER, box 2692, Call.
SITUATION wanted as agent or collector; very
well acquainted In city; can give good refer-
ences, and. If necessary, tecurlty. Box 2679,
Call office.
BLACKSMITH helper wants steady work In
shop where there is no. horse shoeing; city or
country. Box 2641. Call office.
RELIABLE young man, 24 years, wishes posi-
tion as assistant bookkeeper or general assist-
ant with established firm; reference from late
employer. Address box 1763, Call office.
COACHMAN and general man; experienced la
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc: refer-
ences. Address A. R.. 1104 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
exchange:.
WOULD exchange a full course In magnetism,
hypnotism, mental science and suggestion in
exchange for a diamond ring or pin; this la
a rare chance to acquire the above great
sciences under such circumstances. Address
box 2917. Call office. ¦ . ¦
PROFESSOR of hypnotism, magnetism, men-
tal science, etc., would exchange a full course
In the above sciences for a bicycle of late
pattern In good condition. Call or address
E21 Turk st.
TO trade — Clear acreage In outside county for
suburban home. Owner, box 2928, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.'
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
• Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 610 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have any kind of leeitimate business
proposition — mining, oil, mercantile, manu-
facturing or patent— and need capital Inves-
tigate our method. Call or address. Pacific
Coast Underwriting Co., 504 Parrott bldy.
FLATS TO L.ET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. .
l -ll E ln . e: . f - 7 r —— «S 9m_ Buch'n: t. 6 r.$14
.93 Halifht: c... 7 r.$25 1214A Scott; I. 4 r...$13
417 Jones; f. 6 r.....$25, 112 Fell; f. 4 r $16
418 Hermann; h. 8 r.>30l 49 Belvedere: t. 8 r.»23
A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If aeen.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, 6 and 6
rooms: bath each. 967, 973, 975 G. G. ave.
A-8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417Vi Third.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 5 rooms, basement, yard. 1876 Fif-
teenth at., near Dolores.
COZY, Inexpensive flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath.
1042 and 1014 Sacramento St., below Mason.
ELEGANT flat: 3 large rooms and bath; all
latest improvements; key 713 Grove st.
ELLI8. 741B— Modern lower 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave., corner Polk. 6- room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each.
HAYES, 36^-Slx rooms and bath; $20.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms; porcelain bath; rent
$16. 1909 McAllister st.
MODERN lower flat. 4 rooms and bath, liii
Vallejo St.: rent $13.
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms: reas. 1931-1933 O'Farrell.
SEVENTH. 4S, near Market— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; rent cheap.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent 125. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
TEHAMA, 250 and 250V4— Good flats; 4 and 6
rooms; y. month free; $8 and $10. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market St.
THREE new flats. 7 rooms and bath; 1325 Mc-
Allister Bt.; rent reduced. Apply G. H. UMB-
BEN & CO... 14 Montgomery st.
2 OR 3 gentlemen or ladies to share expenses
of a modem. 8-room, sunny flat; beautifully
furnished. Box 2672. Call office.
6 ROOMS and bath; clean; rent $22. 9S1 Harri-
Bon St.. n«>ar Sixth.
$S— LOWER fiat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl st, off
Market, near Valencia.
FURX-TUUIS FOR SALES.
SOLID walnut bankers* counter; 17 feet long.
I with drawers, etc. ; cheap. BACIGALUPX;
933 Market st.
FOR sale— Furniture of 4 rooms, 2131 Market
Bt., to private party.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUltMTL'UK WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
I1-.LP WA.\TKU-KE.1IALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185.'
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2
waitresses, seaside resort, $20; 2 waitresses,
Bprings_ $20; 3 waltreeses, commercial hotels.
$25 and found, fare here; 4 lunch waitresses, 3
hours' work, $4; 2 lunch waitresses, $3 50. no
Sunday work; German cook, small restaurant,
$35; cook, small restaurant, country. ?35, fare
paid; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2- cham-
bermaids, $15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT '.
Cook and housework in boarding house, $25;
nurse, $20; nurse and upstairs girl, $15: cook,
American family, $25, $30^ city; cook 12 men,
city. $20; cook. San Luis Oblspo, $25, see party
here, at 4 o'clock Monday; housegirl, San Ra-
fael, $25, and many new orders for Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO girls to work In candy factory; good
chance to learn the business; $5 week to be-
gln; no fee. C. R. HANSEN - CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Cook for 10 boarders, country, $30;
4 waitresses, country hotel, $20; waitress, city,
$25; French nurse and seamstress, $20; laun-
dress, country resort, $25; waitress for the
springs, $20; 4 lroners for laundry, $30 and $35;
second girl, $20 and $25; German nurse and :
seamstress, $20; and a large number of girls
for general housework, city and country. $20,
$25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 816
Sutter st.
WANTED— Woman of tact to travel Eastward
for a business house; only those able to fur- i
nleh acceptable security for goods and moneys
handled need apply. Address RESPONSIBLE,
box 231S. Call.
WANTED — Young girl for cooking and general
housework: small family; call Monday morn-
inr. Ib66 Vallejo Bt. •
FREE! Lady agents wanted for best toilet
preparations made; highly profitable: estab-
lished 15 years; $10 worth goods. E. SHARUM
MFG. CO.. 60 West 22d St.. New York.
GIRL wanted for general housework. MRS.
H., Ross station.
IRONER and girls to learn Ironing at St.
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom.
WANTED— First-class waitresses. 426 Geary
St., Eureka Delicacy Store.
WOMAN to cook and wash for small country
"hotel; $25. Apply 2 days, 1906 Green St., near
Laguna.
SHIRT and overall operators; inexperienced in-
structed. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission.
REFINED young lady without incumbrances
to travel In country with fine selling article.
Box 2699. Call.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
small washing. 1509V. Broadway.
WANTED— Girl between 25 and 36 years; gen-
eral housework ; wages ' $20. 1171 Bush st.
MISS ELLA NELSON— Call at Cosmopolitan
Hotel. CLARA DOWNEY, La Conner.
OPERATORS on ladies' wear; in factory. 723
Market St.. room 35.
IRONERS wanted on ladles' and children's
wear; to work In factory. "23 Mkt., room 85.
A RELIABLE young girl for second work. Call
at &00 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — An old lady to care for 2 boys and
do cooking for her board and $1 per week.
3234 Minna st.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom coats
and cants. 106 Battery st.
WAN-TED — Girl to wash napkins; wages $20.
617 Montgomery st.
2 WAITRESSES to go to country. See party at
Russ House between 10 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— First-class finisher on trouBera;
steady work; wages $10. 461 Vi Minna st.
EXPERIENCED fruit canners wanted immedi-
ately. Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.,
Harrison ave., off Folsom at., bet. Seventh
bnd Eighth.
WANTED— 200 women and elrls to work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth ets., off Folsom.
WANTED— A German woman for a cook on a
ranch where seven hands are generally em-
ployed; wages $25 per month; must be a good
worker; no objection In case she should have
a child with her. Address S. S. 177, box 2631.
Call office.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers _
apprentices; wages learning. 509 Kearny, R. i.
PURE walnut hair stain. $1. 124 West Fourth
st.. Los Aneeles. Cal.
WANTED— Woman capable of managing other
women; must have had some experience; this
position Is to travel. Address Superintendent,
box 2694. Call office.
DRIED fruit facers: long job; piece work.
Apply at Terminal Warehouse. 532 Townsend
St., immediately for registration.
A GIRL or man for summer resort for laun-
dry and general housework at once; $25 a
month and free fare. Inquire 2010 Mission.
2 GIRLS; first-class lroners; $30 and found.
French Steam Laundry. San Rafael.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl aa house-
keeper. 612 Octavla st. t
WANTED — Young girl for general housework.
728 Lyon st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; $25;
Prot03tant preferred. 619 Hampshire, nr. 19th.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at Levi
Strauss & Oo.'s factory, 32^4 Fremont at.; no
experience necessary; good wages. Apply to
J. W. DAVIS, manager.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32V4 Fremont.
HAIRDRESSER wanted; also apprentice; paid
while learning. COSGROVE'S, 1416 Polk st.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repelier, 7S1 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Experienced girl for candy store at
123 Third st. /
SMALL girl; care for baby: good home. 106
Bernard St., near Broadway, off Jones.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Goujrh
and Grove sU.
FIRST-CLASS starch work lroners; also girls
to learn Ironing; good wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry. 223 Twelfth at.
OPERATORS an< finishers on gents' white
shirts. £35 Valencia »t.^
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY "Phone. Main 5S43
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
• Want 7 a. m. to-day
72»>2 men for all parts of California. Utah,
v\ ashington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands,
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia
Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts; we ship you to-day.
9 a, m. and 5:30 p. m., for S. P. R. R., la-
borers,, teamsters $2 and 12 25 day
Free fare Free fare
Dunsmulr, Shasta and Truckee divisions; Salt
Lake. Utah, division: Wadsworth. Nev.. di-
vision; Sacramento division.. Western division
All ccast divisions of California
Lborers and teamsters (office fee $1), free fara
Again We Pay Your Fare
to 25 Sawmills. Etc
...I No Experience Wanted
663 men for 60 different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to *40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of everv description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. JsO, $75. J90. $120. J«y.
$50, $40, 130 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines.
$3, $2 50. $2, $160, $1 and 73c. cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid. $40 and found
to laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
$30. $35, $40 and found
B0 berry pickers, piece work; can make good
wages
Haymaking and Harvest Crews
Header wagon drivers, $. a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rake?, pitch and work
In fields, header men. etc., $1 25, $1 50. $2 day
and'found; come and see
Stables. Vineyards, Orchards
Gardens
1« stablemen, city and country Jobs. $40, $35.
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $35. $30. $20
and found: 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, alt for
private families. $30, $25, $20 and found; come
and see
:. Dairies. Cheese Factories
83 milkers for different places, $25. $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 6 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay -t.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers. $. £0 day, $50.
$70, $45. $35 and found; also 5 helpers, $12 a
week, $35 and found; carriage and wagon
painter, $40 and found; cooper to make butter
kegs
S. P. R. R.— Different Diylsions
Free fare Office f»« $1
Section and reconstruction and new worlt
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages
E0 laborers, S. P. R. R. $2 day. free fare
Special Notice— Mines— Big Wages
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit, $40 to $48 per month and found]
2U miners, single hand $50 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 60. $34 ar.d
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found •
Read these carefully
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia, also many for San Francisco. $3, $2 50,
$2, $1 (5 day; many city Jobs, to board home.
For other positions come down and read bill-
MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
A— COOPER. $3 a day; woodworker. $2 50 day; 6
I laborers for mine company, fare 50c, iZO and
I found ; 12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50. $60
and found
Coal miners, hard rock men, drillers, rock-
men, hammersmen, $2 25 day
Choreman and wife, mill company, $55 and
found; strong man for meat warehouse, $2 25
day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter to assist on
books for large company, $30 and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
BAKERS COOKS BUTCHERS
•First and second baker, country shop, $50 and
$35 and found, fare paid; butcher, resort. $30
.and found; cook and wife, $50 and found- .2
cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants
boarding houses, $35 to $50 and found; cooks
for ranches and hay press; waiters, city and
country,* springs and resorts, $.5 and %3Q-
bakers' helpers; laundry help.
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST
Men wanted
Railroad work
Free fara Free fare Fre« far*
Direct to the work
For the State of Nevada
100 teamsters, new work $3 day
100 laborers, new road $_ day
One year's work
FOR THE COAST R. R_, CAL.
300 teamsters and laborers $_ day
FOR THE S. P. R R. CO.'S OWN CAMPS
California
200 laborers $2 day
For quarrying, ballasting and track work.
For the S. P. R. R. Co.'s Different Division*.
800 laborers $a <j a y
FOR RECONSTRUCTION. SECTION AND
NEW WORK.
Free fare Office fee $1 Free fare
FOR A NEW DAM
50 scraper teamsters $2 day
20 rock drillers $» day
40 laborers 13 day
Board f4 50 a week
FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
60 — oodsmen and laborers. $30 to $45 and board
100 woodchopp«—i plna and cedar
4-foot wood $1 25 cord
20 quarrymen |2 25 day
60 farmhands, $1 and $1 25 per day and board
20 miners ..„ $3 50 day
cooks, waiters, bakers and kitchen help of all
descriptions at going wages.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
„ 104 Geary st.. S. F.
A— BLACKSMITH; country, $2 50 to $3 a day;
2 blacksmiths, country, $40; blacksmith's
helper, country, $30; blacksmith's helper.
R. R. camp. $2 25 day, free fare; painter, in-
stitution, $25: bricksetter, country. $50; gar-
dener and wife, country place. V-0: vegetable
pardener, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
1 _____—— — — — — — — —_—____
A— MEAT cook, country hotel, $50: baker and
assist on range, springs. $45; third cook, coun-
try hotel, $35; baker. North, $17 a week; 10
dishwashers and kitchen-hands, $20, $25 and
$30
3 waiters, country, $30: 6 waiters, country
hotels. $25: 3 waiters, resort. $25: night porter,
country hotel, $20; porter, country hotel. $20;
hourer-an. country hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
______ __— - _______ ___ _____ ____________
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1.2.
EXPERIENCED stock clothlnr cutter on oantt
and suits. *STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
corner Gough and Grove sts.
COMEDIANS, singers, musicians; long engage-
ment for good people. Golden West Hotel,
Sunday, from 1 to 3. DR. R. C. ANDERSON.
Quaker Doctor.
WANTED— Young man for bookkeeper. Apply
at 1605 Polk st. to-day, between 4:30 and 1
WASHER and stareher wanted: good wa?es to
the riKht man. Apply at STANFORD HAND
LAUNDRY. Palo Alto.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table and do
porter work at 1522 Kentucky st.
WANTED — A briftht. smart office boy. quick
and correct at figures: wares $3 50 per -reek
Addres- W. H. Y., box 2905, Call office. In
own handwriting.
WANTED— Two retail grocery salesmen will-
ing to eo in the country: give reference and I
experience. Box 2909, Call office.
CALIFORNIA Bag.. Tent and Awning Co., Ill
Clay St., boys wanted.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers wanted. ft
Ninth st.
ONE first-class machine hand for shaper and
bandsaw. 6 Ninth st.
WANTED-Experienced stock cutter for cloth-
ing. 220 Bush St.. first floor. * <-"«a
•WANTED— Two canvassers to sell sfarch. A^
ply 156 Seventh Bt., top floor, room 5. v-^5
ERRAND boy for printing office. HANCOCK
BROS.. 73 Third st. w#a
DISHWASHER; good position. 1607 Market St. i
WAITER; young man. Capital Restaurant. 106 '
McAllister st. /
BOY wanted In copper and sheet-Iron shoD- '
give refernces. 613 California st. "' 1
WANTED— A rood errand and stock boy cltT !
references required. Apply at E. ME3- :
SAGER'S cloak store. 145 Post st
STEADT shoemaker on repairing; $3 to $10 a
week. 2140 Flllmore st. *
WANTED— A good first and second bread
baker; also a good cook. 836 Valencia st.
BRIGHT boy wanted. Address box 6C2. Call !
omce J
TA \ O T, walter8 t0 g0 t0 tne country. See party !
at Rusa House, between 10 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Dishwasher for country; to-day. 11
Stockton -at. : upstairs. '
"-RS^A^EU^^h^: SSSSUL**
SPEND your vacation profitably; combine busl-
MEN troubled with nervous or private com-
plaints should apply Y. 3. Med. In., 1U3 Mkt.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; S weeks
required: commission while learning: easy
terms; transportation^ paid. Gordon Barber
College. 417 N. Main at.. Log Angelea.
F n^» 8al !r?,? rl f r 8h0p: and »«• Twenty-
tlrst and Mission sts.: roll
HELP \VA.\Ti:i)-.HALG.
GET your shoes half-soled while waitir.s, 25c to
SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. V. S. navy: able-b-.xlied. un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 33 years: not less than i feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in helsht;
must be citizens cf the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens ; able to reaii. write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., cr
530 K it, Sacramento. Cal.
MAX or boy to do janitor work for tuition at
San Francisco Barber School. T-JIA Howard st.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at £27 1-tth St.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN' wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eisht weeks; day and evenmsr
class; special inducements th's season: only
Institution in the world torching 1 this trade:
map of city and lllustr»t»d catalogue maile.1
free. MOLER'S BAKUEK COLLEGE. «3j
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics tr> know-
that Ed Rclkln. Reno Hiiitc proprietor, still
rur.s Denver Both*. 217 Third st. : BO large
rooms; !-c per nUht: $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes. *lichtly dan-. a>rod. half
price. 562 Mission Bt.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to ord^r $1 per Wfek. at.
cash prict-s. N Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 1«
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. U Third~st.. near^Mar^
ket: "CO rooms. Kcnleht: reading room; tree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10D6 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement- and subscriptions
received at Call branch oftlre, _)0 Fillmore st,
HOIISES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
WANTED— 1 nice family horse, weight about
1200 pounds, and one good drlvlne horse,
young, sound, gentle; cheap. Address. wltU
full description and price, H. C. fc>.. box J •;.•-,
Call office.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S, 217) Market st. : Caatro-
st. cars pass the door.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best :n city. 721 Howard Bt.. nr. Third.
FOR rale — > extra fine <-arr:a.;» teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 606 Golden Gate a-».
FOR sale — Good family cow. 423 Oorbett road.
HOUSES TO LETT.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent In Mill Valley — 2-story «-room house,
furnished: on Throckmorton ave.; 135 per mo.
MAGNER, agent. Mill Valley.
HOUSE and stable; cottage of 8 rooms: reason-
able. Inquire ?"!¦'. Jessie st. , off Niath.
SYCAMORE, SO. bet. 17th and ISth— Double
house, yard and cellar; rent V.
VAN NES3, 2102. near Pacific— House of 10
rooms. Apply room 141. Murphy building.
HOUSES TO LET — KLKMSIIKO.
$33— ELEGANT furnished house; pfano; 5
rooms; modern. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO.. 170C Market st.
HOUSES' \VA.\TED.
WANTED — House of about 8 rooms and bath,
situated between Mason and Larkln. Turk
and Geary «ts. ; must be cheap for cash: no
agents. Room CT3, Examiner bulldfng.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
MENLO Park — Rent reasonable: to lease for 2
years or more; 8 acres; new house: partly
furnished; 15 large rooms: hard- wood floors;
servants' cottage; outbuildings, orchard, gar-
den, etc.: 2 wells and city water: 10 minutes'
drive from railroad station. Addresa MRS.
BOWIE. M^nlo Park.
LOST AND FOl\D.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Saviners
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th«
name of MAGGIE OLSEN. No. 2JS-471. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Box containing papers, bank books, etc..
was taken from S02 Oak St. Please return
same and receive reward; no questions asked.
LOST— Diamond monogram pin, C. B. ; reward
$20. Return to Yellowstone. 22 Montgomery.
LOST — Tuesday ladies' gold watch and chain:
Initials L. S. C. on one side; other ; small
diamonds: liberal reward, E. LA VALLEE.
810 Valencia st.
LOST— Black and tan curly' coated retriever
from lSla'Eddy st. $10 reward for his return
to E. W. BRIGGS, Chronicle building.
FOUND— Purse containing money: owner hav<>
same by proving. Call 1.17 Ninth st.
MlSCELLAXEOtS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 25-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
fixtures; new* and second hand; we always
have a larg* stock of saloon outfits on hand;
*2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
KAN. 1017. 1013. tfl-3. 1023 Mission st. abova
Sixth; write for catalosrue.
A 24-CARAT solitaire diamond stud, a perf*ct
gem, (t>r $163: Is cheap at $.20. UNCLE liAR-
RIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR SALE — Good lot of U. S. and foreign
stamps, at reasonable price*. Box -311. Call.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
$75; concert records, $1 50. Baclgaiup!, 933 Mkt.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setters: fancy plsr-
eons. Glenmnre Kennels. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
INCUBATOR. 200-egff size; good order. Box
2324, Call office.
MILK route. 3 cows ar.d chickens for -ale;
house to rent. 417 Eureka st.
FOR sale-JS tons 12-lb. steel T-ralls, with fish
plates and bolts; but little used. Addres.
Ralls. box 2686. Call office.
FIREWOOD for sale cheap in lots to suit;
must be removed at once. WHITELAW, 2IS
Spear it.
BEAUTIFUL pair of Shetland ponies: also
single driver; harness anj cart. .'-¦."* Kuat
Twenty-flrst St.. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftlr.g. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAjV. .16 Spear gt.
EDISON concert phonograph, price- reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 .0. BACIGALLPI.
S33 Market St., San Francisco^
FOR SALE— Schooner, about 12 tons; four years
old; very cheap. J. HIATT. 7S3 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBT and FVdora hats, fl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kenrny st.. near Pine.
NEW 20-light T. and H. arc Il?ht dynnmo with
regulator, complete. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Curke. 139 Beale-.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; I Ore and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main gt.
A FINE suit. $10; dr»-s pants. $2 75. MISFIT
! CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $C [ft
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. r> Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; — lovlnn
pictures. Bl'LLAP.D & IIRECK. 131 Post *t-
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 403 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
la r_proofsafe : _JM8_ra^r£rTila_t :
! SAFES— New ani second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 4174" Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
i WALTZ SAFE. 1M-111 Market St.. Pan Fran.
, ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 plan»r and — ifUch<-r: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 2T> Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND lathe. 11 or 18 Inch irwtnsr:
ga isollne engine, about 3 H. P.; pipe Thread-
Ing machine, portable. Address, with pr!c«
and particulars, box 2016, Call office.
WILL pay ca?h for few nice diamonds. Box
270O. Call office. >. . : J
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4313.
Call offlte.
"WANTED— Irish setter bitch: must he well
bred. Add., with particulars, box 2CG0. CalL
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHF.AP. 710 Market St.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, only Tellable ladTe?~sp«c!al-
Ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office, J5: home in confine-
ment; beat care: consultation free and con-
fidential/ 466 Eddy St.. bet. Leaven worth and
Hyde; hour- 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Sundays 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; S jrs.'
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JUNE IT, 1900.
29
MEDICAL.
IR O "\ O'DOXNEI-L. the world-renowned
E-Iies «j«=-c:a!i5t: safe &nJ reliable: hae prac-
ticed In :=. F. fcr years; treated thousands of
cases ronre— ifMTry: treatment can b* use-1 at
h^3-.t; cocssUatfam free. Write or call at
IC-S4 Mr.tket tt.
DltS. GOOFWIN. wen-known ladies' specialist.
tas r€turn«-d from Europe; safe and reliable;
: bare Crested thousands cf cas^s with
atecew; 15 vps.-s- rractice in S. F. ; maternity
hom^; lew feg. _1"CTH Market st.. r.ear Cth.
"Ft* il. ALLEN. 1C3 Market-Ladies' spe-
ulst; home in cc^Kftnensert ; safe and rell-
a:.-e: cor.trul^tioa free: h.urs 10 to 8.
sni MRS. DA VIES. ISS Market: ladies'
rtyncian; <trr:c <i;?-v'a«es treated; late eci-
• r.ti.-.- rreth.vjs: treatment, $3.
V B— OS. U'I?E it CO.. th*» '.ai'.ff' specialists
ltl> Market st. ; every case ruaranteed ; $5 up.
~ r^tiat'e home for conf.r^inent: r»>a«3n-
e _lv '2 F'Uotzi st. l!P.g. Z'R. PFEIFFER.
»B V.OXG HIM. bertl doctor, treats all <ISs-
¦ :-.<-.;> r.' ty_* hvrrwn l>?ijy. Ilj Mas-^n st.
3IOXEV TO LOAX.
IlEins ta unsettled estate* in^r7ba7e~caT"r«£
-.v« ccrh at ot.>: a ;s 3 tirst cr ef^.nd mort-
ise l:ar.s en resl ostat*. furr.ture and
; e.r.r< : ro rraove!; t^r--~pt dpaiing- no
/-'-v 1 ln **JZ Brunt*. EQUITABLE
N <-C. ror.m v.i. Examiner budding.
ANY amount at £ per cent; Irt M ar.d 3d inort-
- ur. V.v.'-i :r.;er^t. r?a.i estate in rro-
¦ ¦•: rnorxgagjes aad !#gs.cies bought: no de-
tt; -"• * et coy "errr.s before daiTp busiiesi i»'se-
:.. McCOLQAN. S4 Mcntgoniery, r. $.
A28T reposition, any amount; € per cent- flrst
Ft-<.-ond TaoTtzxm, e»tatp* ;n jirobate int«-re«t
:r. estates, Irgacle*. corpcration loans chattel
rr.<nrar»«: life tnsurar.re. Room I«. first
?¦ - ¦-. «:hrrr.-.fle t:y.. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY resj^ctatle private place to obtain
• :cer»I edvanrps < r. d'arr.c.ni'. 3?w<?!ry at '.otr-
«« rs:e«. BslSwta J?welry Store. «4S Market
- -'_! U '. V '' in ltiL Br » sc - 1* T^.ird et.
LOAXS made en furr.lture at Vt per cent; also
L?" lo *^'ar;e<J reop:e. HARtHDARGEIi.
£S Eil.t ft., rorm H.
y.^ST reliable place ts borrov on d'amr-.<l«
watches. Jewelr>-. W. J. HESTBAI* 10 S.xth;
t.^fcest prlo far o!3 geld, silver, diamonds.
ANT arr.eunt ty private rarty ca furniture and
• •: r. > removal; lew rates: confidential.
>ONELU. CGRtervattry t'.ig . 130 Poweil st.
AT i;? K^irr.y. rtotn s. respectable private
.ate to I* rr;w r« waf-hes. dlam.r.is: lowest
raneg; take elevator. T»I*rhcne PeV.s *S5.
!ture asd r'^css without removal : quick
service; mor.ey <l:rect: :;*-e?t ir.terest. Rooma
. b 2-* ri C '- Ponchoe bui-di^. IKS Market st.
•"'N real estate. Irt or Znl mortgages, anl on
furniture or pian- 1 *: r" r«no\iU: ar.v amount;
1 west r&tc-s. BECKER & CO.. :s M:=tg:mery.
if MUP.PHT, C5 llark«t St.. selves all ki=i« of
k .r.£r. .-iil rrcb;es;s; Id mcrtgages. estate*, etc
MOXET !c%r.pj salaried r^^rle without 5-c^rity.
kill. na. *«. Mercfcantsi' Exphar.ge, 45: CaJtf.
t3.'.&.T'.f-i people without security: all busl-
S«aw ccr.::=tr:t:al. Tcjf'.ty Cr.. S3 Parrot tig.
»-JLSH loaned ta pecr^e en note without
•¦-A -r*.--r. MORRELL. CX Examiner bu;:d:r.g.
•^N Ccralture. r-^ncs, without removal; no
•1 -: rr:vate. LICK. UM MeAIIister.
TO Fila-.f-J rzrr. «;th:i:t <~-:;;a.ters.l or indorser.
~. F r-.<---ur.t Acnry. :«3 Ph^.aa building.
siosev \va.\teo.
tSOXTY war.tel— »e."- en f->ttage ar-d lot. I
l -irs. at 7^ per t*ct. Aiirtfs box r7S7. Call
cfSce, QsJdaad.
MISICAL ISSTHrMCSTS.
3 1ANO« at ccst; cvin^ to the du!l season now
Bpoa us ore are accumu^atir^ a large ttock of
rrntal pianos; these, together w;ih a number
* samples eert us from factory, will be
• : out r<»paru!eys of profit: a better op-
mttjr has nev^r b^een orTered: terms very
liberal. BEXJ. CURTaZ «t SON. 1« O'Far-
Et,
BARGAIN!
cash, balance $!550 cati remain at 6 per
pent; hn^se cf ; fiati: brick foundation; 3
idea from new City Ha!:: en eciiil street;
- %-.l mostaly. Box iSl.>, Cail oSce.
li.vr.GAiNs: bargains: 1 , bargains:::
I.:: j::;. srr. t::o.
BUY NOW— DON'T WAIT.
MAl'VAIS'. 7t> Market rt.
rACKAlO PIANOS and ORGANS.
Later! Improvements; Fir.es: Tone.
il:?t Besstifnl Cases. Fair Prices.
MAUVAIS" MUSIC CO.. 7£S Market rt.
PATKE.VTS accept-^ for all k:n£s of Musical
Ir.str-msr.ts. If you den't wa-t to pay cash.
t: SlACVAlff, 7*:? llarket st.
AS irr le^uesert the t-ert make cf pianos in
tvprj- rrs-i". from Ste:n»ay <!own to lew- ;
\-ncrG. ir:ak*s. ar.d as our ln*talir=ent pay-
I - ar» eas:er than those cf ether dealers, i
¦» are the people frcm whom you shou:d
3-ehzse; t** u:.r;grt planes. $« casX U fer \
Our r'-a--s $3. $4 ar.3 $5 per month, i
MAN. CLAT & CO.. Steinway Dealers. |
-. Kearr.y a^d Sutrer ««.. San Francisco;
r. Tfi:rtt*r-th ani Brcalway, Oakland. 1
_ — ______^^— — — — -^—— — —^— . 1
- :."TELY the o"i'i a ?t and largest hcuse
¦=>e*t cf Chics.ro is KOKLER A CHASE'S.
_• and St O'Farrell «. ; pianos, organs and
I ether EEixi! I tl 1 ''^1*1 cf ail graces
¦ i ;riCes: terms ea^y; prices Icwest; every- i
¦ _- ; -i.i.> i'j^e to please and satisfy the
r^er.
.- : MI'KONIUM music t<x for sale cr exchange
- ;-._&s Hocm b«.rt*r thos. j
FOB sale— -Violin: Massini; good tcne; cheap.
a :' ; n^yicn st. :
WHITER & CO .. Byrtn Maury. Gat:er. Kaxnll-
• = ;:ana. S» P'tt ?t. j
BARGAINS— A f^» riar.es will b- sold this j
re^k fcr rtsraire; cflers wasted leash cr in-
ttil'.^ent?). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1H.3 Mrkt. ;
rtriN^^AT upr-.rht t'.-Z: ir.stslliceists. ti t*, \
Ct; r»r.;g K ur* HEINE'S. 1Z6 Ellis et.
INK Krf'A 14WI4I4 piano at a great bargain. !
-TATHAM. :*, McAllister ft. . i
TTION sale: r.ew plaaosL Ji r*rments;
ror rer-t. $3 up. BTltTENN. fA Port rt.
3OD Flscber; great tarra'.n. FCHMITZ* IS I
McAnister tt.. cext Hibemla Ea--
V.' G. BAIXJER. 412 Fa^ramesto ft., agent for
Frar.-rls E&con cz.i Ha'.lett & Davis planoa.
?I'PERIOR v'.oI'.ki. ritJ-.ers. old and new. H. !
:-: T 'M.r.R. maker, repairer. 8 Latham plage, j
OFFICES A.VD STORES TO LET.
3TAJSU3 with S rta^ls; large yard; rtrcre
a-.5 2 rooms lr. Brant and upper fiat of S
roctas: as a whole or is part; will repair
to >uit tttSXt Ajply LANDRY C BABDJ.
4H Keamy ft.
illUljLn left: r;x!?3; c21ce or factory; power
asmOaMej ''s~t ali over. E7S Mission »t-. op-
posdtt v.'e'.Is. Fargo & Co.
TVANTEO-A frr.ei! store suitable for ccflee
• r.? .en !n cwl locaticn; state terms. Box
ZeirO. Ca.U cince.
j^~FOH ha'f r -f cT'ce- thirl floor: prominent
'l:Zce\-JV.i.:T.x. Bex ZiiZ. CV.1 office.
LAHGE etrr*» ar.d sur.r.y cfSces Bear Hall of
j.^.,., -^ rout «»*-k. PABIN. 413 K^arny st.
PAJLMISTnY.
iTME Neergaard. Et. Oermain College of
E'alir.iitry: rfads 1 to f. CH Geary, cr. Jones.
E JEtlOVS FOS?ELLI tciertific ralmlst. S15
TsvUr i-t.. \''.. G»-»ry * P**t: rhone B:a«*k
PASTURAGE.
£ JO TO tV> acres feie^c pasture, clover and wild
crises mix*'?, for t-.r~*% cr cattle. For
t^rrr.« apply A. n. FULLER. Antlorh. CaJ.
PEUiO.NALS.
VETK" TORK bacSelor. S3, eociety man; Just lo-
cated in 6an Francisco, desires acquaintance
iitractue lady cf ec.'.ial social position with
riaw to refined companlcnatlp aid possible
Hiairirccr.y: aia university man. C feet tall,
tttletic tnd cf Cne appearance and addrems;
coinxcunlcatioES considered ta tb« utsiost con-
fidence. Adiress bcx Sdt. Call of See.
A REFINED jour.g widow would like to meet
elderly gentieir^n of means; object possible
ir-s.triinc.-iy. X. bcx €b*. CaU office.
EAP.BEP^ C3, wi:h YJ. a week ealary, foreigner.
wi«tes to meet or correspond with good lock- '
ir.g Christian rirl; &>A housekeeper and
ri.u«Sclas; object irj.trimosy; no agent*. Ad-
dress* box B>>4. Cail office. j
SIIDDLE-AGED gentleman. Cne, manly ap-
pearance. with large prcperty holdings, wasts
tcouaistasce of well-to-do lady; murt be a
laixr cf home as well as traveling; affection- !
s.te disposition req'-lred more tfcan rr»d looks;
ctject ir.atrixncny ; agents aad trlflers posi-
tively not reccgnixed: answer with full p«x-
UCPlaTs. Address bcx ZCS3, Call efflce.
17 you eo to LEDEEER'S
Tcu are sure of hivirs
T»ur fcair drested correctly.
TT.*- very latest hair styles, CSc.
L/'ierer'* Cratntoniea liair Tcn!c JSc
Lfyierer's Fc&ino Fhanr.poo only 5c package,
Lederer'c Hair gtcre. 1Z2 Stockton «t. .
ARE TOU GRAY-
Tiien hare it r*«ored by a procets that re-
nem* l.»t \1tality; fiaslruff cr para*»" .
killed: fcair grown on baJd heads: pay when!
<Sone if treated at this office; come and see J
toilet articles too numerous to mention. E. ¦
R. DUNLAP. « Eddy BC. S. F.. p*rlors 7t j
_and_U ; j
PltfVATE— A home in confinement; removed
frvm tbe burtie end din of a large city: pri-
vacy wnich cannot be obtained at hospitals
cr tatiitariunis: physicians having patients .
des'.r.r.g to administer medical services them-
relve» can do to: country patients solicited. ;
liE£. na. ri"N Kr n ICI Eighth st^ AlST"!. i
PERSONALS.
TKE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray hair to natural color: stop falling:
cures dandruff and itching scalp; grows new
hair. Al druggists and fcsJrdressers.
| BUT cne way to perrr.ar.ently remove super-
fluous hair— the electric needle. MIS? l^A-
LORE BARRETT. Dermatologist, K'j7 Mar-
ket St., opp. city Ha!!.
j PRIVATE detective wcrk; reasonable rates: 1C
I years' experier.ee. J. B. RAY. Si.' Jessie st.
USE Lillie Webb's soap, made frcm dive oils.
roots and herbs; 10c at druggists; aa^nts
_»-anted. 14 Grar.t ave., Robertson & Co., 2 WT4.
LADIES— Secret to enlarge bust 5 inches free.
Zamemetto Co.. Dett. £7. Milwaukee, Wis.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
i chenille- weve rugs, silk rcrv.eres; dealer in
| carpet twine, in hank cr chair, at lowest
i rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70* Fifth. Oakland.
i FREE— Success in life can only be obtained
through influence. Will send absolutely free a
ij^-page bc-ck which explains all the secrets
of nytiootlsm. r-^reonal magnetism and mag-
netic heaiirig. Telis how to cure diseases and
bed hab.ts. enaDles you to win ar.d hMd tie
love and respect cf ethers. Anybody can
learn in a few diys. We guarantee success.
Write tc-dav. Address NEW YORK INSTI-
TUTE OF SCIENCE. Dept. E17X. Roches-
ter. N. Y.
AMATEUH r-'tographers— Pave oO per cr.t by
havlnsr your wcrk dene at Rerr.trandt Stuc'o.
' E*0 Market St.. cor. Stockton: kodaks, 3Sx2 : i.
cn'y lie. no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free: lessons given. 50c each.
$: H MEN'S thjes fcr $1 H a fair at the Bee
Hive Sh>e Co.. 717 Market «t., r.ear Third.
ACAPEMT fcr the new science of healing
without cperfit:ons; b»f.-.re you undergo an
operation give us a call; consultation free.
PU. V.M. SCHMITT. ::7 Pest st.
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervous.
tkin and lung dUeases. rhe-jmat'sm. os«!fir»-
ticn ar.d «t:T joints; no <!r-Jfr<: no knife. DR.
L. J. STRATTON. W7-KJ Pkrrott b'.dg.. over
Emporium. San rranciscc; tonsu!tati:n free.
ELECTRIC 'iphrs In every re* m— Winchester
Hotel. ** Third st . near Market: 7CS0 ro^nr.s;
25c to $1 50 r-er r.'pht: $1 50 to JC per w«k;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN e>par.t suit for $10 75 from Imported or fio-
r-.es'ic remnants. L. LK1TOS, IH1 Market it..
b»tws<n Seventh and Eighth.
MEDIUM Eire uprfrht piano, beautiful trr.e.
handsome case, rifr^r^l this week for $100.
P.ocrr! I!. Flocd building.
GOOD uprisrfct r!*n" for $73. Call »v?7i!T.« at
irrji* Ho*-aril St.. bet. Elrenth an! T^eifth.
MIPS SHELDON, chiropodist ar.d msimetlc
treatment. (CO Market rt., second fl-.or, ra. Ji\
FLXL-DRESF and rther BClta b--ucht: also eld
jrolJ. P:rtiaiid Loan Offirt, S3 Stockton St.
HAIR c.u:ck!y cur'ed or waved by u«ins Tal-
cctts Carting Fluid; tSc bctt>: druggists.
CAST-OFF cicthfr.ir. old ro:d and eilver bought:
send poeta*. COLEMAS'S, J.0-3 Kearr.y »t.
G. D. MORSE, protorraph-r. K '.*> Pacific av».,
between Pierce and S?ctt; phont Steiner IP!
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clcth'.nir bought ar.l
soli Suvem-aa, 9£4 Folsom. tel. FoIsjtti 113L
CHFA.PKST aTi-1 test In America— The Weekly
Call. » ra.~es, sent to any address in the
Ur.t»»d States cr Csnain one ye*r far $1.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SIPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo surpl'es. Backus
rtud'.o. 11 Geary St.. grcur.! ar.1 fp floorm.
PHVSICIAXS A.VD SLUGEO.VS.
CR. C. C. CDONNELL— Offlce and residence.
Utl~ Market St.. tet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
cl3 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$55. OM— NW. comer; Turk St.. rear L&rkin;
1S7:«xU7:S: rents $293; partially improved.
130. C»:v — Warehou»e in vicinity of Fourth and
Towns^nd sts.; SSxStO feet; two frcniages.
Broadway, near Franklin st.— 77x137:6; modem
hot:se of li roems.
$^,0>X— Market St.. near Valencia: JS:llHx^*:
irr^rular to £teven».^n St.; frame improvements.
tlZ.l-'j — Union St.. near Taylor; 3 modern Ilats
ar.d rear house; :S:Sxl2S:S: rents $t-7.
XV-.'— Ellis st.. near Octavla; 2ixlT0; hcuse of
S rocms and bath.
$7^0— Van Ness ave.. near Pacific ave.; lix
lCv; house of 12 rooms. .'-•,..
$701-^ — 5a.CT-anieE.to st.. near Hyde; Cxl20;
house S rc«3n;s and bath: rent $35.
IZmC— Fourth sr.. near Harrison; 25xS0; stcre
ar.d flat; saie urgent; rerts SS&
tZJj— Gr>ve st., r.ear Central ave.: KxlS. :6;
sew 3-storv bay- window Cats: rents $50.
Vatoma St.. near Tenth— 6<ix7S; three bouses;
re-its $&G; must be scld.
$va<— Vallejo st.. near Mason; *Su\xU.:6,
w;;h an L: 2 fiats aad rear house; rents $t-4.
$€;«— Folscm sL. near Eighth; ExJO; 2 fiats;
rents $4£
jj5,>>__G'rten st-, near Dupont; S£:«xS3; 3 bay-
window Cits; rents ISO.
$i^j&— Octavia St., near Vallejo; 15x112:6; two-
etory mod-:m rt6idence.
$t2X^-Wct£ter st.. near Filbert: ExlOO; l-rocrn
EUis St.. near Pierce: 10x75; cottage;
$;^xA- Cer.tral ave., r.ear Hayes st.; store J^id
4 rooms and tath: SxlStt.
UNIMPP.o^^:D.
lS7:€x:y7:4— Ccr. Hayes ar.d Lyon lU.
;- • .. — < - or. Guerrero aad Fourteenta: 65X35.
SZSA— Fulton, near Flilmcre; 3=:6il37:«-
fT'M each— Post St.. near Devisadero: J lo^.
iC-x&O-W. Una cf Mission. S. cf Army: 3 lou.
4^,0— McAllister st.. near Lyon; 2axlX.
S1X.Q— Ur.xn si., near Pierce; 2i:trVJ0.
WOxliS— NW. ccr. Fountain and 2ith sts.
II <l1M Cf* Point Lobes arni Elevestc arn.
CENTER & SPADER,
Real Estate Agest*,
li MoBtxonxry et.. Lick Hcuse hlocr.
xrr 5iC— Uu"=h tt.. near Grant ave.: good lm-
Mvomtc: well rented: large lot. 41:6x63.
$j «*— Rents $120; business comer on Howard
st • new tuiidinjc: lot KxSi
iixo-A erap: S flats of 5 roens each; rents
$4? near Seventh and Market sts. ; make offer
SCG0— She t well et.. near Twenty-fifth; U.xUo
to rear street: oM improvements; miist be sold
to cio*e an estate.
J'i^O-Bargain; let en fftanyan St.. KxlOS.4.
CC VE F^n and Eighteenth fts.-KCHW.
Folsom st. pa-ved and sidewaiked: we wiu offer
this prcrerty at the extremely low price of Ha
rx>r foot, ior a few days only.
$16 KO— Bush St., near Buchanan: S handsome
fiats of 8 rocms bath each; rents $13* per
building lot on First ave.. near
en Seventeenth mt.. near Clara
svve • street sewered and graded.
i-Lv>_Mike an offer; nice cottage, S rooms
and bath, on Twenty-seconi it., near Dolores;
l^t gxli*. ; ;
FOK * BKELTOri.
• C3 Montgomery rt.
JS.500-NV. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.: toUT;
**" w^* fine sSte f O r buUding: Hyde or Lnlon
11S.00O— SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts.;
'* good dwelling; handsome
rrour.ds; rjperb view all around; easy
of access frcm Union or Hyde et. cars.
$1*,000-Bu*iness prcperty; Flllmore. near Cali-
fornia.; stores and Cats; rents $14^)
per annum: a business center for
twenty years.
rn.E00-Ges.ry. near Octavla: large lot; lra-
rented low. $330 per annum;
let alone worth the price.
$2.750— Nice house: Hartford, near Castro and
Twentieth: 6 rooms and bath: irort-
raee tlMO can remain; only $3oO cash.
HAWKSt SKELTON. « Montgomery at.
mz— Vice home in Richmond district, en Ninth
it*.: everything In nice order; part mort-
eZ.zy? can stand.
$200— S524 Army St.. near Church; One cottJLge
H4»— 3^**4- Four-rocn ccttar*: Twenty-flfth
st. near Castro: a inan.
%KA— Rents $S: 50x100; cottage at Ocean Wtrm
station; cbe«i).
tSOO— Twenty-fourth ave.. near Point Loboe
are. : $50 cash, $13 monthly.
McEWE-N BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
BANTAFE. ~~ ' BANTA FE.
Terminus Santa. Fe Railroad.
Passenger travel starts July 1.
Get a lot before prices advance.
Fine, level lots. $100.
Terms $10 cash. $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. Ill Montgomery st.
Sole Agents Santa. Fe.
AT a great bargain, on easy terms— New; six
rooms and bath, with all modern improve-
ments- on Ninth ave., bet. California and Cle-
ment sts.: In a few years you have your home
paJd us and be free of the landlord.
Also new 5 rocm and baxb, on HoSmin ave..
Heyman Tract-
JACOB HETMAN. owner and builder,
117 Sutter st.
PAPK lots fcr eale en reasonable terms. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 117 gutter st.
A— $12 SO a month will buy a borne half block
from Mission st.; all new and modern; It con-
tains 4 rooms and bath. 8. DUCaE, 11 Moct-
gemery st. •
RICHMOND panhandle lots — »50 cash. $19 per
month interest at 7 per cent; Clement st.
Fourteenth. Fifteenth and Point Lobos aves.;
"'x'T't' faclsg the new panhandle from, the
park to the Presidio. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Mcntgomery at. ¦ •
H. E. POEHLMAN. Real Estate Agent.
SIS Montgomery et.
$K,500— Rents $2100 yearly; Eddy St.; down-
town- an excellent Investment. •
14TX*— Harriscn St.. corner lot. SSxlOO: Dear
Third: will pay to Improve; fine bargain.
To exchange— Several fin* properties In the
city and close by.
j-3r<,_MODERN 8-rocm house In choice location
c-n Waller st-. near Pierce. 1 block from
Hiignt-et. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3. wood mantels, hard-fin-
u*ed basement, etc; terms one fourth cash,
balance $^0 monthly. F. NELSON, ballder.
.-r^ HOUSE and lot of 8 rooms; barn;' well;
'installment*. S3 Athens, near China ave.
f"WF*PE c T. good lot on Pacific Heights; see
Quick. THE MCCARTHY CO.. eu Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOB SALE.
G. H. UiTBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3,600— Rents $1SS per annum; Clara St.; 4 flats
and let 37:Cx75 ft.
$3,500— Rents $510 per annum; 2 flats of 6 rooms
each and lot; r.ear 3d and Folsom sts.
$5, COO — Rents |519 per annum: 2 nice mout-rn
fla.s of 6 ar.U j rjvms and bath each;
Oak St.; short distance from Market
et. : lar™e lot.
$4,230 — Rects $420 per annum; Mission warm
bell; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms; brick
foundation, etc: SOxlSO; nice stable on
rear street.
$3,000— Corner on Castro st.: 3 frentagus: .jX
2X0: will cut iut^ 10 lots; this ia a bar-
gain: *=naall amount of cash.
$l,ec-O— Rents %2i<i per annum: 2 houses and lot.
$2,1C'O— Rents ¥£i per annum: near 7th and Fol-
som sts.; stcre and 2 rooms) and upper
of 4 rooms; 2 rear tenements of 4 rooms
earh; SJxiQ.
$3,€D0— Rents $C*J per annum: Park residence.
very cozy new modern house cf 6 racms
anti tath and lot.
$4,000— Rents for 542> r« annum; 2 flats of 6
ar,.l 5 rocms and tath each; brick foun-
dation, etc.; ;SxS&; Mission warm belt:
handy to several car lines.
$4,000- Rents $540 per annum: Natoma et.; 5
tenements and lot JKxSO.
$4,000— Rents !4:-2 r^r annum: 4 flats ar.d lot
ZZxte: near Oils and Pierce.
,'$S,OGO— Faeific Heights bariraln: fine modern
residence Of 9 rooms and bath; tin;
Sower carden; 27:6x127:5*4.
$7,000— Rents iC2 ter annum: Pine St.", I flr.e
modern flats of 7 and S rooms and tatc
tach; 25xl37:S.
$10,000— Reels SHU per annum; Mason rt. ; »
Cats of 6 ar.d 4 rooms and bath each;
:*:SxS7:S.
N-w Pocket Map of San Francisco County—
23 cents.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call ar.d cbtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list cf properties for
sale In every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN &CO-.
14 Montgomery st.
G. II CMBSEN 4: CO..
14 Mcntgcrr.ery et.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
! At our Salesroom. MONDAY. June 25. 1900. at
12 o"cl.:>ck. nccn.
REFEREE SALE.
I The ro'.lowing piece of property, by order of
< Henry P. tTllltfUi. sole referee (subject by con-
i firmatlcn by the court: „,
' 3 aai 5 Central place, off. S. line of Pine St.,
near Kearny: :tr.rrove»eai». c<*ir.st of 2 dwell-
I Ings; rents $30 £<r month; lot 33:6xr-S: ( .
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
I 2T-C5 Green St.. S. «line. near Scott — Elegant
modern residence, consisting of double parlors,
dining room, butler's pantry, billiard rocm and
! several Vyxirooms; rented at $o0 per month;
: heating apparatus, complete; brick foundation,
i etc.; lot r7€xl37:S.
SUTTER-ST. RESIDENCE.
i 1512 Sutter St.. N. line, near Buchanan— Bay-
' window residence, 12 rocms and bath, laundry.
: etc. : brick frunlat'.on. etoce walk; street ac-
I cepted; lot 3«:4V-xl37:6; bank mortgage of $60u0
! at (¦] cer cent can remain.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
I 1113 Washington St.. S. line, near Webster—
Modern residence. 11 rocms and bath, salon par-
I I'^rs, etc.; rent $^2 10 per month; brick founda.-
I tlcn; cement walk: street bituminiied and ac-
cepted; lot 2Cxll7:Si4.
CHOICE RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.
120 Lycn St.. E. line, near Page— Modern resl-
der.-e 11 rooms and bath: concrete foundation,
cement walk; street accepted: lot 25x91:2.
CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
I 1115 Cay st., S. line, near Mason— Improve-
i mests consist cf 5 tenements; rects $54 per
t month; street accepted: lot 40x4$.
MISSION HOME.
«? CTlnton park. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teenth. Guerrero and Dolores sts.— Two-story
i bay-window house of 10 rocms and bath;, lot
! 25x73.
MISSION HOME.
i 9 Pearl st.. bet. Market and Thirteenth. Va-
1 lencia and Guerrero sts. — Two-story dwelling of
i 6 nxms ar.d bath; rent $20 per month; brick
I foundation, etc.; lot 2ixsO.
SPECULATORS, ATTENTION!
Outside Lands block 715— This desirable offer-
: Ing oniy cne block fro.m the park; 240x400.
i POTRERO INVESTMENT.
I VZ and 154 Utah St.. bet. Alameda and Flf-
! teenth— Improvements consist cf 2 frame dwell-
j ings cf 5 rooms each; rents $17 per month; lot
i 13£xlC2 (irregular).
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
i 245 and 24^ Perry St., SE. line, bet. Fourth
j and Fifth— Dcubie house of 6 rocms each; reals
: $C4 per month; street accepted: lot SOxSO.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
j 147 Perry St.. SE. line. bet. Fourth and Flftli —
! Two-story house cf 7 rooms; rent $14 per month;
i street accepted; lot 2CxS0.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
j Thirteenth st., S. line, near Guerrero— Two
! choice building lots. S5x$O each.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Ninth ave., E. line. bet. H and I sts.. Sunset
j district— Four lots, as a whole cr separately.
i This location Is rapidly improving and becoming
' desirable residence prcperty; adjacent to Golden
; Gate Park and handy to two car lines; lota 2Sx
: IM each.
i For further particulars apply at our cfSce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery street
MADISON & BURKE, Real Eetate Agents.
C2S Market st.. opp. f*&lace Hotel.
Established 1S5& .
Kl'.'.s-st. Investment, near Taylor; lot 27:«x
137:6: this Is downtown and In fast advancing
locality.
$17.000 — Fulton St., between Pollc it. «M Van
Ness ave.; lot Zix.121 to Ash ave.
$CW— Capp st.. near Twenty-thlnl; rents $-3;
Cats all rented; 37:£xl22:S.
V.' r O — Laundry: well leased; Lombard bt.,
I near FUlmore; £3:9xl£7:<.
\ California st.. adjoining corner Polk; lot Mx
I S7:£; must be sold to close estate.
I Choice corner for Cats — 'Webster st. and TVII-
! dey ave.: ;7:6xSl:3; old improvements; now pay-
j ing good Interest; $3tt cash, balance easy terms.
' t&y.Q— McAllister St., near Leguna.; rents $57;
j lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
I $50<X— Harrison St., near 10th; flats; rents $J0;
I only partially Improved; 75x100.
$5*0— Baker st.. near Sacramento: I rooms
j and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x112:8.
I $3500— Pearl st.. near Market; I rooms and
bath; Ex&>.
$23W— Bryant st.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents *-->i lot 23xE3.
$4250— Octavla st-, near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern Cats; S7:Sxl30.
$3£C0— Greenwich it., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 2S:9xl30.
$1500— Day st., near Church; cottax* of S
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
C2S Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
O. D. BALDWIN & EON,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
£3 Montgomery st.
$1S,OOO— Rents $1740 per n^nnm; p&y« 10 per
cent; three new Cats of 8 rooms anl bath aun;
very stylish; Ellis, near Googh.
tn.000— Rents S1S5 per month; handson* down-
town ccrner; central; a good buy.
$110.000— Rents $10,800 per annum; choice down-
town corner In boslnesa center; pays S per
cent net; 4-storr building.
ISO. 000— Choice corner on Third rt.; p»y» I
per cent net; near Market.
$21,000 — Manufacturing district; Howard, near
First; 60x165 to rear street.
$100.000— Choice downtown corner; north of
Market; pays 4 per cent net; with a great fu-
ture.
$«*»— Bush, near Pillmore; sunny side; 27x
77:2: large house of 11 rooms and porcelain
bath; could be changed Into fiats at small ex-
pense.
$2250— Natoma, between First and Second;
bouse of 7 rooms and bath; rent $13; lot 29x65.
$1800— Parker are., near Oary; 25x320; two
flats of 4 and S rooms each ; rents $15.
JOHN PFORR, 458 PINE ST..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
|20.rW— Rent $1520 per annum: a fine property;
en O'Farrell 6t.; inside of Larkin.
If ever there was a good chance offered for
a builder I am offering It now In a large lot.
near the City Hall, for some 18 fiats; on credit
$500)— Rent $TS9 per annum; • fine flats on
Flllmore st. : lot 50xM. .
J4O-jO— Credit sale of nearly new house and
2?xllO lot: fronting on the Panhandle; only
$:orsn cash. ¦ » '
J3730— Rent $540 per annum; a nice business
property: en Geary it: store aad flats.
$2000 each— Four splendid lots. Kx90 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) St.. Just west of
tliOO earts— Five lots, 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia it. .
$24'i0— Rent $30; a splendid piece of business
property; store and dwelling; lot Sx73. i
$3X0— RENTS $324 per year: Hartford St.. bet.
Nineteenth and Twentieth; 2 flee Cats of S
and 4 rooms and bath; always rented and de-
sirable; lot 25x125. -
$5600— Halght St., near Market., . J-story resi-
dence of » rooms and bath.
$3SC0— Rents $410 per year: Natoma St., near
Sixth; 2-Etory house of I neat flats and house
In rear; cheap. ,...,«*
r*lSft— Dolores St.. near Day; large lot 34x105.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
MODERN bouses and flats butlt at lowest
nrlces * Dlans and estimates furnished for all
building werk. CAMPBELL, U4? Mission «.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
OS MARKET STREET.
PAYS OVER 13 PER CENT.
$3,«K)— REDUCED FROM «»); 6 Cats of 4
and 5 rooms: lot 33:*x75; Clara, near
Sixth; rents $47 per Month.
PAYS OVER 17 PER CENT.
Jll.OCKT — On Stockton St., near Pine: 11 fiats and
house: al! first-class condition; four
frontages; rents $1CO per month.
PATS OVER 15 PER CENT.
IS.COO — S»ir Sixth and Fclsom sts. : 6 2ats of
4 and 7 rooms; lot SOxTa feet; rents $72
per c:omh.
PAYS OVER li PER CENT.
$3,500 — 6 fiats on Welch, near Fcurch; rents $16
pet month.
$6,i>''0 — Larkin. r.ear Push; 3 fine well-built
flats: rents $<ii per month.
PATS OVER 10 PER CENT.
SH.K*— p.jFt, near Hyde; 3 eleean: modern flats
of S rooms and bath; 2Jxl37;6; rent* $!2>j
per month.
J $10,500— 3 modern flats at 7, S. S rooms ar.d ba\h;
let C».Uxl20 to rear street; rents $31 j.er
month; IMdy, near Buchanan.
j $7,500 — 3 new modem Hats of 5 rooms and bath:
Asiibury. near Park Paahar.dle; rents
$67 50 per month; 25x106:3 feet.
ON EASY TERMS.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN HOME.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
$C0O— Cash ; balance $25 per month; interest 6
per cent; interest only on unpaid bal-
ance; elegant Uftw modern home of 6
rooms and bath and basement on Do-
lores st.
ON INSTALLMENT
LOTS ON HYDE STREET.
$550 — Fine level lots en Hyde street car lin»i
beautiful marine view; will build to
suit on easy terms.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
63S Market street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
• TUESDAY. JUNE 2STH. 1300,
j At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom. 63S Market st.
WHOLESALE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West line (No. 221) Davis St.. 27 fe*t «outh
of Clay; imrrovements, 3-story and baaeraent
trick buildin?; lot 2l/x55 feet; mortgage of
$10,OtO can remain.
; CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
South side (No. 243S) Clay St.. 168:9 weet of
Webster; front house. 7 rooms and bath: rear
house, 4 rooms; rents $12 per month; lot Ex
127:44 Zeet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGES.
East side i.No. 2S10) Oetavta St.. 110 feet north
of Union; front house, a rooms, and new rear
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rents $30 per month;
lot I7:6xlC0 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest ccrner (No. 2S01> Pest and Lyon
sts. : store and 2 rooms and cottage of 3 rooms;
lot 30xS2:6 feet; mortgage $3W0.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast side (Nos. 217-61) Shipley st., 375
southwest of Fifth: 4 fine welUbu:lt flats of
4 and 7 rooms; rents $72 per month; let sCx75
feet. —-
LEAVENWORTH-ST FLATS.
East side (Nca. VSO-ttSHXt Leavenworth St.,
?J feet 11 inches south of Sacramento: 2 flats
of 5 and t rocms and bath; rents $42 59 per
month; lot 22:11x55) feet to rear street.
PR03ATE SALE.
North side (Nos. 4r-4^U) Pulton St.. 192 :S
west of Gough; Rats and rear hou«e; rent*
$35 per month; lot 27:?xiS7:6; mortgage $2O3C.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
South side (Na 1313) Point Lobes ave.. S7:«
i'ect west o* Sccon^i &V4*. * stor© ,1 r. i fl-fl T, o
rooms and bath; rents $22 per month; lo_t-23x
120 feet.
ELEGANT MISSION RESIDENCE.
North s'.de (No. 2250> Twenty-first et., 224 feet
west of Mission; e'.erant modsm residence of
10 rooms and tath, etc. ; lot 52x15 feet.
¦TWENTY-FOURTH-ST. COTTAGE.
Bouth line (No. 4:47) Twenty-fourth st.. 73
feet east of Douglass; r.ew modem cottage of
7 rooms and bath: lot 25x30 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East Bide (No. 1S3) Acdcver St., 23 north of
B!aine et.; 4 rooms and bath and basem-snt;
lot 50x?0 feet.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO INVESTMENT.
West side Railroad ave., S0:5 southwest of
Eighth ave.; store and 4 rooms; lot 25:5x121 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
«33 Market st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. — ~
1? MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET-STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall; 27:5x137:6; a Eplendld oppor-
tunity: only $13,500.
H-ETREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at off.ee.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,500 — Paclflc-ave. residence: elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms. 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$37.600— Thlrd-st. ecraer; 13::SxU*:«: store and
Cats: frood improvements; rents J230.
$37.50i>— Folsom-st. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 10CxS7:«.
$11.000— Rents $UJ; Castro-st. corner; stores
ar.d fiats; lot otaSO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Rltch St.: 6 Cats: rents $42 ED: lot 22XSO.
S«000— Rents $€3; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27r75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$375f>— Richmond district; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages: modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3350— Sunset district; J handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed: S rooms and
bath and basement; lot 23x120; easy terms.
$11.000— Pice st., near Buchanan; good mod-
err residence, 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing; electric lights; lot 25xlS7:C
VACANT LOT3.
JJOCO — Van Ness ave. ; corner; 22x109.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8%:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$S3S0— Mill Valley cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$24.600— Best-paying property In this section:
near Taylor and Turk sts. ; pays over 7 per
cent net; splendid buildftg. For full particu-
lars as to rents, insurance, assessment, etc
LYON & HOAQ, 114 Montgomery et.
FINE INVESTMENT.
$16,500— Rent $135: choice corner Investment In
Western Addition; not far from town; with
changes In buildings would pay even larger
Income; large corner lot; has a total frontage
of over 1M feet; streets accepted; buildings
good; stcre, fiats,^etc
LYON Sc HOAQ. 114 Montgomery rt.
A. BUSINESS PROPERTT AT A GREAT
BARGAIN.
(430O-A11 rented for $33; splendid business
property In Western Addition; good buildings;
steady tenants; bound to increase In value:
large lot: offer wanted; this Is a big bargain.
LTON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
HANDSOME MISSION HOME SACRIFICE.
' $J?500— Fine house on Dolores St., bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth: contains 10 big
rooms; splendid basement: cost over $10,000 to
build: extra large lot €Jxll7. to alley; pretty
garden and lawns; best part of the Mission;
mortgage $7000.
LTON A HOAG, 114 Montgomery et.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR BUILDER.
$16,000— 137:« of frontage on corner east of
Flllmcre St.. In splendid neighborhood; flats
or residence would sell well If built on this
land. LYON fc HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
HOME SEEKERS. ATTENTION!
$560 cash, balance monthly; handsome new
houses on Clayton St.; charmingly situated;
commanding pleasing view of Park and lay;
contain large reception hall, salon parlors,
dining-room and kitchen on main floor; four
large bedrooms, with dressing-rooms on sec-
ond floor; billiard and storerooms in basement;
all the 'rooms are decorated; marble steps,
latest sanitary plumbing: big lots; cheapest
houses in the city; take Halght or blue elec-
tric cars on Eddy st. .
LYON * HOAQ, 114 Montgomery St., S. K.
FOR sale or exchange— $S50O; a splendid Invest-
ment;- let worth more; a beautiful piece, of
income property in the best part of city, con-
sisting of Eix modern flats; lot 40x110; always
rented: must be seen to be appreciated; year-
ly Income. $350: no- agents; must selL A. C.
KULL. S33H Sixteenth et. , . . ¦¦ ¦
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
- Agent. 314 Montgomery su
Make oSer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 82x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl st.. near Stanyan; Sx
»7:« feet. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY, 630 Market; rd mortgages; estates.
TO let or for sale— House in warm belt of Mis-
sion; 10 rooms and bath, etc: large grounds
and stable; ail modern improvements; to re-
sponsible party; 611 Treat ave.. near list; cail
bet. 11 and L Q. H. UMBSEN t CO.
KEAL ESTATE— CITY FOK .SALE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT3.
$430 to $I«-rChelcest Sunset lots: a!l bargains:
' sewered and graded; ready to build on; $10
monthly.
] $K0 to $SCO— Choicest Richmond building lots:
I $lt» monthly.
$100 to $2^)— Level buiidirg lets; near MiS'ion-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
$(50 to tlOGO — For small cottages in excellent
locations, near cars: payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM .V CROCKER BUILDING.
EAST Park st.. Holly Park: lot, level. 2^x100.
K73 MERCER. 412 Pine st.
A SNAP— JUS: lots near school. 15x125. Apply
TH1STLETON. m Sadowa St.. Ocean Vi«?w.
j KEAL ESTATE- — cblXTKY — For Sale
i ¦ ¦¦'¦' ¦-' -'¦-¦ .¦¦¦¦..¦¦.—
f ATTENTION. BUYERS. *
\Ve are subdividing one of the finest pieces of
j orchard ian-i in Clara Val'ey, the famous
I &»r. Martin ranch, 74 miles from San Francisco;
i ra:lroaa station on place; town of San Martin
i txattts l art of the property; surrounded by beau-
i tttul orcJiard homes; will sell on easy terxns;
) maps and full particulars at office.
| DAVID BUSH &. SON. 14 Post st.
announcement:
We\ desire to call the attention* of Intending
buyers of ccur.try lands to seme bargains in
income-prcducing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
j ures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush hav-
I ing had forty years' knowledge and experience
i in the value of lands, and bc-inu the owner of
an income-producing orchard and vineyard, can
intelligently direct intending- buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State. Call cr write
I for what ycu want and state (1) the amount of
money ycu wish to invest. (2) number of acres
! you rre'er. <3> use for which lanj la desired, !•*>
. whether improved or unimproved land is de-
sired, (5) locality preferred. t6) aay further in-
formation that will enable us to understand
| your tvanta. and we .will then send you such
I descriptions enly as vr'.ll be cf interest to you.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post St.
NEAR STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Fcr sale or exchange
, An elegant residence
/ Beautiful grounds
Abundant artesian water.
McAFEE BP.OTHERS.
¦10S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
160 ACRES near Li verm-ore: fine grain or
fruit land; 13'i acres under cultivation: only
$2J(». McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
i FOR sale — 143 acres of first-class dairy or po-
i ta.to land at Netarde Hay. Or.: large creek
| and steamboat landing can be made on place;
good place for store: 20,000 feet of fine spruce
timber on land; price $o0 an acre; timber
alone worth three times the amount. M. P.
WILLIS. Elmhurst. Cal.
100 LOTS In Baker City, Or.; a mining center
of SOOO population: will be sold as acreage;
this property will treble in value In one year;
addition oniy 3 minutes" walk from P. O. ;
perfectly level; tile perfect; splendid chance. ;
Address Owner, box 2507, Call office. ;
SONOMA County; 2 mlles\ from station and
telephone; unusual opportunity for obtaining |
good ranch: 165 acres en creek; SX> fruit tree*. ]
Write JAMES LEWIS, owner. Kenwood. Cal.
$200*— tXO acres stock ranch: Calaveras County; i
7-room house: barn and outbuildings; plenty !
of water: 100 acres tillable land; 2H miles j
from R. R-; offer wanted. C. F. MOORE,
•35 Market St.. room «.
HOME In Salinas; will exchange for San Fran- j
Cisco property. Address box 2S36. Call office, j
MARLS CO.. 2S miles from S. F.— $40 to $i0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes: Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vesetable lands: easy terms; rail I
ard water transit: itocd school*. HOME AND j
FARM CO.. room 2, Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Colusa Co. :
1240 acres: $K> an acre; 500 grain, rest In hill
lar.d. M. S. CHANDON. Uarysvllle, Cal.
9 LOTS in thickly settled neighborhood: leased j
for C3: price reduced to $l»i: party leaving. '
Box 2£77. Call efflce.
$5f0 — HALF cash 14 acres, rich, 3 miles of town: i
house barn, wool, water, corn, orchard, pcta- |
toes: big crop. M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market st. j
FOR SALE— Good-paying Investment; country
hotel; rented at $50. For particulars apply at
southwest corr.er E'My and Taylor sta.
„^JJSlg^AjXE Y_R E AL E5 T AT E.
ROSS VALLEY— Few choice lots left; £0x130
feet. $300; San Rafael water; 5 minutes* walk
from Kent station. 10 minute* from Ross. Ap-
uiy P. ROSS. Kent, cr C. H. STANYAN. 31
Market st. San Frar.ci.'c^.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. €02, cor. Fell— I rooms; complete
housekeeping; bay-window. kitchen, gas stove.
BUSH. &25— 2 sunny front rooms furnished for
.light* housekeeping: adults only.
CHESTNUT. 133 North Beach — Furnished
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view; sunny.
DDDT, 473— Large gunny room, closets, with
7 >cltchen complete If required; gas range.
EIGHTH. S43— One or two runny bedrooms
with kitchen furnished for housekeeping:
bath; Drivate family.
FIRST. 230— Four rooms for housekeeping; rent
cheap; business location.
FOLSOM. 776Vi — I neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; also 1 aingie room.
FOURTH. KS-Nlce housekeeplr.g roca, from
$1 10 per week ard up; alto single rooms.
FULTON, 1JC6, near Scott— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms: bath: laundry: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1215— Sunny front suit*
of housekeeping rooms; rent $15; also liable
front room. $S.
GROVE. 104— Nicely furnished sunny bajr-win-
dow rooms for housekeeping; also single
ones; moderate rates; central.
GP k OVE. 64S — To let; a first floor cf 4 rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
HARRISON. S46— Furnished rooms for house-
keeplng: also single rooms. .
HICKORY ave.. 1SL near Gough— Two large
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; fl.
HOWARD. J21H — Unfurnished housekeeping;
also furnished front rooms; rent cheap.
HOV."ARD, 1CS1— 2 connecting completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; ninnin* water.
and ethers.
HOWARD, 1423 — Two or three rooms for house-
keeping; $12.
LARKIN. 1004. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms: light housekpg: small rms $4.
MARKET. 1J3S. near Eighth— Two sunny front
connecting rooms; water; range; tl2 SO to $15;
also two rooms, $7.
MARKET. IK*- Large sunny alcove and kitch-
en. no^bedroomandkitch^n I _$2^_^rnJshM : _
MINNA, IS — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
OAK, 119 — Sunny front room, furnished for
hou sekeeplng: clean: tee If. 15.
PIERCE S15. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
rooms, suitable fcr light housekeeping; use of
piano; parlor; phone; private family.
POST, ST2— Four furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng: call 1 to t or I to i.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow-
ell — 1 or 2 rooms and kitchen. $10 to S13; ma-
rine view: sunny; no other roomers.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Large, sunny, front bay-window room on sec-
cfnd floor; elegantly furnished; modern.
EHOTWELL. 219, bet. Sixteenth and Sevfen-
teenth— I furnished housekeeping rooms.
SLXTH, 4W-rBay-wlndow housekeeping suite.
$11; running water, bath:' other rooms.
EOUTH PARK. 90—! or 3 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; $10 to $13.
SOUTH PARK, 1S4— Two sunny front rooms.
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
SUTTER. S23 — Elegant suites: sunny rooms for
gentlemen: also other rooms.
T1IIP.D, SC— Large sunny housekeeping room;
$1 SO a we«k; single front room. $3 a month.
TURK. S31 — i housekeeping rooms; running
water: gaa range; laundry; modern; $14; paj-
lors. $20.
TURK. &4J— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove and bath;
$3 2S week. .
TWE$TT-THIRD. 37:6. near Dolores — 3 sunny-
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
$}— FRONT and back parlor: also single front
rocm. $4; private family. 320 Fifth st. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
iubsciiptlons has been established at 1036 Va-
{encia st.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
•Sc to $1 per night. Jl 25 to $5 per week, aad
light housekeeping; open all night.
AX elegant sunny suite for gentlemen; $35.
Addreas, box 2319. Call offlce.
B\RTLETT. 102, near Kd— Sunny front alcove
room, vith board: hot .and cold water.
BURNETT. 1456 Market st. (old No. 1S84>— Fnr-
nlsh rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 204%, rear— Nlc« sunny furnished cor-
ner room; reason«i»u.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Ininrn.
ELLIS. 13SH— Nice sunny rooms; suites, singis
or double; terms reasonable.
FELL, us— Sifr.ny single room for some one
employed by the day. " -.'
FIFTH. *S2— Large newly furnished parlor: also
smaller frcntVroom. with bath: private farn-
ily; rent $7.
FOLSOM. CO— Furnished a=d unfurnished
• rocms; large grounds for children.
FOL5OM. 5€3. cor. €th »The OUverV— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single cr suites; reasor.bL
FOLSOM. 1530— Sunny furnished alcove frcnt
room for gentlemen or light housekeeping.
FOURTH. 222'-*— Nicely furnLshe-i bay-window
and sincle rocms: moderate: quiet.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Errantly furaUhel
rooms: suites cr slr.ile: travelers acco'dated.
GEARY. «43 — Fr-jrst alcove room; pleasant; rent
reasonable; private.
GEARY. S!»4 (Saratoga l>urt>— Punr.y room.
j newly furn; large clc?et; $4: German family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 7?7— Nicely furnished
front room; tath: g-ent'eman: private: reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southfist corner Seventh
and Mission *ts.— Sunny r--cms. en r-lte cr
single; ladies' rarlcr; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK HOVSE.7n Mlssioa st.— Select fam-
ily rooming house; $1 50 to $• per week.
HARRISON. 7544. nr. Fourth-Flr.ely furnished
sunny rooms: bath; ail conveniences: home-
like: $1 week us.
HOTEL Fra.icticr>— ElPR-ar.t su?t»9: sir.?!*: trar.-
tient; baths. MR3. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. £22— Rcx-ms frtra $1 week up to $5;
2iC to Jl r.lsht: also housekeepins rooms.
HOWARD, 9S3. cor. Sth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable: by day. week or month.
JESSIE, 47?— Sunny, double furnished front
room; llzht housekeeping; single rooms.
JESSIE, at— Large unfurnished sunny bay-
window room.
JESSIE. £3. eff Seventh, near new PnsioSce —
Furnished rooms: cheajK
LEAVENWORTH. 415—2 large, eunr.y unfur-
nished rooms in basemer.t: large yard: $S ma.
MINNA. 514— Nicely furnished front .parlor, rea-
sonable: also otters. "
MINNA. CS7. ccr. Eighth— New furnished bay-
wir.de w room, fl per week; transient.
MISSION. K&— Rooms, single or en suite; also
housekeeping.
NOB Hill— To let, 2 nicely furnished rooms:
moderate terms: private family. Apply at i£
California st.. below Powell.
OAK. 54 — Two «unny unfurnished rooms: sta-
tionary tubs: bath.
OCTAVIA. 14C3. ccrner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; gas burners: 1 or i: $10.
CFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevatcr: electric lights: gay, wk.. mo.
PARTLY furnished cottage on Ocean boule-
vard, nr. street cars; $13. Inquire 515B Taylor.
POLK. 1£»— Large room, with every conven-
ience: board or housekeeping: $6 per month.
POST. S15-Flnely furn!«hed front parlors; also
single rooms; reasonable.
POV.'ELL. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle: transient; running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 2TI Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to 1.1; week. $1 tS to $4: cpen nighL
ROYAL HOUSE. 1M Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies-
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $150; week $3
to $S; month $S to $C0; elevator on offlce Coor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN* Apartment Hcuse. 23 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SHERWOOD place. 6— Laundry ofSce and t or
3 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
'SHIPLEY. 2t2. near Fifth— Sunny front room '
for a respectable person. ;
TEHAMA. !64H— * furnished front rooms to let.
TENTH. 123. near Market— L J or 3 large sunny
bay-window rocms.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A pnod rooming house
for good people, R. HUGHE3. proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. S274. above Guerrero— Large
fum. room for lady; call bet. 4 and 7 p. m.
TWO sunny furnished rooms, $S and $4 per
month. Address 1057 Golden Gate ave.
VALENCLV. J06— Furnished sunny rooms, suit-
able fcr one or two; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eatscriptlons
received at Call branch ofSce. C00 Flllmore st-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C34 Va-
lencia st.
— ¦^— —^— —
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
CALIFORNLvT Td7— An" excellent •opportunity to
efrcure particularly desirable accom. at inM-
est rates: special rates families: eur.ny rms..
en suite or single: best table in fan Francisco.
MARKET. 1043A (Hotel Robinson)— Fum. rms..
with first-class board: double, $13 wk. : single,
$C5 mo.: modern: elevator: tab'e board. $4 wt;
meals. 25o. MR3. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
THE BRADBURY. l«O4 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table; 130 beautifully
furnished rocms; moderate; phone. Hyde Z771. ;
TWENTY-SIXTH, 337t! near Mission— Nicely
furriihed eunny rooms, with or without
board, at very rtfeaonable prices.
EDDY. 714. near Polk — Nicely furnished, sunny
room; also board, with nice hemd cooking.
LAS PALMAS. 15r> Market gt.— Suite of 2 or I
rms.; private: tath; sin. rms.: board optional.
PINE, 73*— Sunny rooms with beard; re&son-
able.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call, if rages, sect to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year fsr tl.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WATTED.
BOARD ar.d room wasted by yotrng man: most
be centrally located. Box <C3. Call offlce.
ROOMS WASTED.
TTVO cr S housekeeping rooms, within I blocks
Equitable Gas Works: state price. Jll Taylor.
SPECIAL \OTICE3.
HEAD BAKERS.
The following resolutions were adopted at
a reunion of the French head bakers:
Whereas, The union of the Journeymen Bak-
ers has resolved to ask. besides the actual
regular ealary. the following advantages:
1— 75c per day.
2— t pounds of bread eTery day.
S — Limitation to 8 hours of the labor day.
4 — Exclusion from the bakeries of bakers
not members cf the union.
The head bakers, after deliberating and by
a unanimous vote, regret to announce that j
they cannot admit the aforesaid demands. I
which. If adopted, would constitute a danger
for their general Interests.
They hope, nevertheless, to get orer the ac-
tual crisis, ar.d they will do their best ta de-
liver (Sally the bread to their customers as
USU al. THE COMMITTEE.
NOTICE to Oilmen — We h&ve moved our offlce
to room 10. ground floor. Mills bldg.. where
we can give full Information as to drilling
outfits such as are used In the Eastern oil
fields, which we carry in stock at our sev-
eral warehouses in California: being the larjr-
est house on the Pacific Coast we can furntsa
the best and latest machinery as made by the
Oil Well Supply Ca, Pennsylvania. R. H.
HERRON t CO.
LADDTS — Chiehe9ter*s English Pennyroyal Pill* !
are the best: safe, reliable; ¦'take no other:
send 4c stamr« for particulars. '-Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
NOTICE— Aband.-ined children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1S39:
Elizabeth Ault, area 11 years; Margaret Ault,
8 years; Hazel Wilkie. 10 years; Lydia Wll-
kie. S years; Ruth Wilkle. 7 years; Irene
Valdez 9 years: Lcretto Duran. 7 years: Mad-
eline Dcran. * years: Ray Croall. i years:
Otllla. Bank. ( years: Gertruda McClelian.
g years. »
ROOM3 papered from $3: whitened, tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 115 Tfcinl.
BAD tenants ejected far St: collections made;
city cr eeuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mer.tr->mery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. ZZX3.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. litJx
RENTED, repaired, bought. soM; machine tup-
plies. Standard Agency. US Ith: phone Mint «.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at low»*t rates. ?05 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
a STALL?, cheap: suitable for express or milk
depot: this nr^th's rent free. &2!> M!«s1in st.
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storase and moving-; coverM
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7(3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 723 Mission St..
tel. Mala 1S10— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Stcrage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2329 Fillmore et.: phone Jackscn 2TL
SUBURBAN RESORTS.
EAUSALITO— Cottage to let; suit bachelors or
frn»M family. Bex 2315, Ca.'» otnc*.
TYPEWUITEJtS A>D SUPPLIES.
GREAT' BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W»
sell better machines fcr less noser <&an any
hcuse !a the city: rentals. $3. Tb» Tv^- writer
E^rhance. s3< Cal'.'zrr.-a. teter-^-e Mtin 1^4.
DtriOfiJO .\OTICtS.
DIVIDEND NOTIc5~Dividend~No. JO iS cents
per share) of the Hutchinscn Su^-ir Plaatatlcn
Company will be payable at the office of th»
cotap-.ny. K7 Market st.. en anl after Wedr.es-
day. June 20, not, Transfer books wi!S clo««
on Thursday. June 14. MMC at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHKLIjON. Secretary
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
AUMEDA REAL ESTATE.
WK offer the frlU.wln* sr-ecial bargain'':
$1S'<!— I>"t. north side CUstca aw.. iCxliO.
J1350 — SW. ccrr.er Santa ¦.- 1 ave.. near Grand
ft.: SCxlE.
$rSi*— t:?:. comer Cllntcn ave. and Sherman; '^
xl«?.
$45CO— NW. ccrner Clinton ave.: lCCxli"*. w!ta
handscme modem house of li) rooms;
greatest bargain ever <**fer<»! 'n Alameda.
E D. JL'DD CO.. 1C4 Park st.
J3XS— JJODCRX new bouse of 1 rooms, bath.
receit'..->n hal! and ba-senuent: ."^>-fcx-.t lot. Call
at nocn and see owner. 1243 Park »t.
IMPROVED and u-irr.rrj\oti property d-4utr»-l
by foreclosure: bargain^: cnc-P.fta t-ash: bal-
ance In 1. 2. I or 4 years. AlanuMii S».vl3r»
Rank.
BERKELEVADVERTKEMESTS"
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of S rooms and bath: pantry, hot
ar.d ccH water. h!^h basement, brick foun-
dation, nice mantel; lot «V'xlS3: all fenced: «
Mocks from station; price $1SO. $100 cash.
baiar.ee $14 per mpnth; tnis prcperty Is cheap
at $UC0: buy this house and era your »*a
hon-.e Take Berkeley train. e»t o~ at Lorin
Station and aak for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON.
5-ROOM ccttage. high basetrv-r.t: 1 bWk from
station. 2 electric car line?, stores, sch.tol and
churches; lanr» let: pretty sarden and fruit
trees; price $13». tZiH ca^h. balance T.2 i>
month. Take Berkeley train, get eff at Lor.n
Station, ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LTON.
J-ROOM cottaz*; lot 5At1X: a'.l f»noe<i: nor4
well of water; close to schools, churches
store*, electric car lines. R. R. station; prica
T.OCO. tlCO cash, balance T.3 per month. Taka
E»rke!ev train, get off at Lnrin Station, ask
fcr KLTOLfH. PEi'.KINS & LYON.
BEAUTIFUL new c-'.enlal style houses: one S
rooms and porcelain bath, with tiled sink.
the other V> rooms ar.d porcelain bath and
tiled sink, hct and cold water, gas and elec-
tric lights and sp-eaking tubes throughout the
house; 2 pretty rr_antff!s: concrete bajseinent.
wash trays, large closets, etc.: this property
Is within 2 minutes* walk cf the university
grrmzids: price $4^00 for the I- room house. $SWO
fcr the 10-rocm house; easy terms if desired.
Take Berkeley train, ge-t of? at Lcrln 3ta-
ticn and a_-Vt for RUDOLPH. PERKINS it
LYON.
BIO bargain ; 5 rams and bath: large let: J
block frcm titetrsS car; 11 minutes" walks to
university grounds ; rrtce $1100. $2"0 cash, bal-
ance $1> per month. Take Berkeley train, eet
eff at Lorin Station, ask for RUDOLPH.
PERKINS & LYON.
RARE chance to get a good home cheap: al-
most new: cottage of S rocms. bath and pan-
try. 2 bay windows. h!*h basement: brtri
foundation; hot and ccld water: a No. 1 we'.l
cf water, windmill l=d tank; let 4-X123: cic«
yard, fruit tre«s, chicken- house, etc.; price
$1C>\ $250 cash, balance $15 per month. Take
Berkeiey train, get or at Lorln Station, ask
for RUDOLPH. PERKIN9 A LYOX.
J300-FIXE ccrrer lot ia the HU>gx.«s TraoT:
street improved: a scap. O. G. MAY & CO.
$S*»— COTTAG3 of 5 rooms and tath: lot V-x
IW: sp>nd:d wlndnslll and ur.k: cost $I5i.<>:
Just tie place for a worklngnian^ O. O.
MAY & CO.
$3W<>— LOVELT new fccme: S roorr.*: patent
plurr.ting: cicse to college (rroundi. O. G.
MAY A CO.. Berkeley station.
$13rv— NEAT 5-roora cottage: large lot: H bl->c1c
from cars: will setl en tsrrrs; ch"ap at CC«t.
C. C. EM5LJE. Ashby station. Berkeley.
JITjO — NEW 5-room cottage: lot •f v xI20: en mala
thoroughfare: cars pa?s the doer: street woric
complete: tZZO cash: balance $23 per month.
C. C. EM5LIE. Ashby station. Derkel-y.
VERY choicest cart of Berkeley: elegant new
»-rocm home: sunny exposure: up tr> date in
a'.l details. laautre M. L. WVRTS. Seven-
teenth and Brcadway. Oakland.
a C. BEMI?. Real Estate and General Land
Age&t. ::» Mcatgcmery »:.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x150. with modera
hous« cf 9 rooms.
$3SC0— TO clcs* estate: comer lot IZSxlXi; tn
Berkeley; near Ashty station aad 1 block
from itreet-car line: with improvements:
hcuse S rooms and bath: larse ban. wind-
mill and tank. Address ETj~ARD HOEGE-
MA.\'X. 100 Mcntsozaery St.. San Francisco.
A WEEX'3 news for 5 cents. The W?ek!y Call.
18 pases. In wrapper. f?r mal'.'.s?. V. per year.
FRUITVALEADVERTISEMENTS
mnrvALE real estate.
FIDELTTT REAL ESTATE CO.,
207 MONTGO2£ERY tfrKirgf.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAIN'S ONT^T.
MANUFACTURXNO CKN'i'UH.
South side of Nilrci St., nr. First; lot
4?xS.>: 2 houses. S rooms each: In good
condition; rented for $+> per month.
Minns, st.. rear Second: good 2-stcry
hcuse of 11 rooms: rent 1.5; good locaxloa
for wood and coal yard.
$3100 — il:.-r.a St.; stor* and S Cats and rear
hocso; 2 rrontages; near Cail bids.;
rents Hi.
CHEAPEST CORNER TS MXSSIOM WAKM
BELT.
$1^0— 60XU0 ft.; within on» block of Mission
High School; half block from Eighteenth
st. car line; must be sold to close estate.
POOO— Modern heese cf S rocms a=d bath: In
good condition: cost owner KSZC: rented
CS; lot 25x114: unobstructed, view; i»
block from Market st. cars.
BACRTFICE TOR QUICK BALE.
Z Cats, i rocms and bath each; rcati
$23; near Nineteenth and Valencia.
KIDELITT REAL ESTATE CO..
S}7 Montgomery ct.
SXAJ>S. SNAPS. SNAPS!
SXAPS. SNAP3. SNAPS.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAT. TO-DAY.
IF TOU WANT A KOiTE.
1100 cash, talar.ee easy terras; orchard: r.lc»
shade trees: new and modern: elegant location.
JUC— Elegantly located lot; flr.e soil.
$300— Lots &CxlT5; choicest part cr FraJtvale;
bearing fruit trees en the property.
$3.-0— J.T-0 down. b*Ian=« about $4 p«r month:
thre* nosu; a«w. good lot; Cne v'.e-ar; heaUt^r
$+00— $30 down, balance C per month; walL
$K0— tlOO down, balance V per month; high.
healthy Brand view: line soil and climate.
JSOO— Lot 1CCT173: fine place for chickens.
$7S0— Lot 75x171: three rooms: new.
$7,-0— Chicken ranch: three rooms; nrw.
$JCO— Another cne: fcrar rooms, new; welL
$300— $130 down, balar.ee like rent; large lot;
oewsr; city water: close to cars and station;
thre* rooms: h!zh basement.
jl(jrt)_AnQth*r chicken ranch; ccmplet* ta
'YlKO— $ : .3O down, balance sa=:» as rest; 4
rooms; ccmplete.
Lots cf others at various prtce*.
Eaay terms on everything we have to s«.l.
These properties are fotn* fast, so dont Oo-
lay. come cut .gft
Flat or en installments.
THE HOMB BUTLDINQ COMPANY.
Fruitvale office, half a block above Frviitval*
station.
FOR SALE BT H. A. PLEITNEP..
$1^-Choic- lot. V*W. fair i W-c^ «r:ia eiec
trle cars: this 1» a foreclosure banriln.
ISO— House of 4 rooms and basement. lar»»
chicken hox»e. good well and pump: lot KxUJ;
$l")0 cash, balance en ycur own terras.
trx— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; frclt
treesTetc.: lot 50x113; RM cash, balance $12
per month.
rilOO A sacrifice: modern cottura of S rocms.
bata. basement, etc.; let 50x147; 1 block from
electric cars; must be sold; only $350 cash, bal-
ance same as rest; an opportunity worth lnves-
$13W— Hooa« of six rocms; high basement, all
floored; stable, chicken hcuwes. good w«ij and
pump: corner let. 170xlM. all fenced.
$i»00— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fruit
trees- house cf 3 large rooms and basement;
tarn.' 12 chicken houses, 2 Incubators, brooder
houses, chickens, etc.
$iSQO_Two acres of cmrsdy Icara; new house at
4 rooms and baeement; fine well: fruit tree*.
XZZD— Mo-iem cottage of 6 rocms. bath. 7-foct
ha«ement stable, fruit trees in bearing: let tM
xl*0- easy tarms if d?sir»<i. Fcr particulars ap-
ply ta H. A. PLEITNER. Froltvaie Station.
FINE residence lots and suburban property,
close to station and electric car lines. Fruit-
Tale and vicinity ;. also Improved property cf
every description: foreclosure sale; several
choice chicken ranches cheap. Ask for C. B.
IjOWRT. Frultvale station.
LARGE lots 130x1*5. S1C0 aad up: all level land
and fine ground: only 5 minutes' wt!k from
electric car and near schorl. Call C. SEITZ.
UOT Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
$350— HOUSE of 4 rooms; lot 3>Jxli): rxxl
pump: $i:» cash, rest JIO a month. C. SEITZ.
\ix; Tw»r.ty-thlrd ave.. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Se« PagarTliirty.mains of That Potentate,
ZANZIBAE, STJLTAN'S CLOCKS.
Haw Time Is Regulated in the Do-
Robert Crawford of Chicago spent a
number of years wandering about this
globe, and in the course of his travels
spent some months in Zanzibar. In speak
ing of his experiences there, Mr. Crawford
¦said:
"Zanzibar, you know. Is. a small Island
on the east coast of Africa, about halfway
between the entrance to the Gulf of Aden
and Delogoa Bay. Although lying off the
coast of German East Africa. It Is a Brit
ish possession. While I was there I be
came very friendly with the Sultan, and
one day after we had become well ac
quainted, when -I was calling on him, he
led me to a room In a part of the palace
in which I had never before been, sayinr
we could talk more quietly there. He
seemed a trifle upset, and as signs of
strife were not wanting, I have always
since suspected the old boy of having had
no end. of a fuss with one of the favorites
of his zenana that morning. "We were en-
Joying a tepid peg when clocks began
striking In an adjoining apartment— first a
sharp ting-a-lln?, then an alarm went off
LATE SHXPPZMO nSTTELIiIGE3STCE.
ARRIVED,
* Saturday. June. U.
Schr Conflanza, Christiansen, S days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Rasmussen, ( days
from Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Sailed June 16— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed June 1»+Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco.
"Talana Elanda Smith" and "Belmont
tna Grasspana Modderriva Brown" ar«
names -which have been given to babies In
CaDe Colony. A Boer named Troskle has
had his son baptized Immanuel Kruger
Stevn Triomphus— a combination "sacred
and profane. '
HOTEL ARRIVAL?.
J H Connolly, Vallejo
J Smith. Cal
J H Stahl & w. Colorad
J H Wilson & w, L An
H R Hlldreth, 8 Diego
W B Funkhauser & w,
N Ontario V
C C Bowen, Boston
Dr Kate Moody L Ann
M E Dlttman. Redding
S B Ca swell & w. Wls
E C Hart, Sacto
W M Lowell, Racto
E B Webster, Wash
C L Knight & w. Cal
F W Worchester, Spkn
W B Normentt. Va
J J Cunningham & w,
Vallejo
M E Meyer. S Rlesro
C O WIrcins, Phila .
Miss E Naylor. Nev*
C M "Williams. L An?
H H Blood, Bkrsfleld
F A Hodapp, Martinez
Mr Subrand & w. Cal
H E Plummer & w,
Vallejo
W S Porter, Oilroy
GRAND HOTEL.
A G Read. Forest Hill
D H Balr, Bacto
J H Andrews. Sacto
H E Picket. Placervill
II H Tracey. San Jos«
T G RobertH. Modesto
Mr & Mrs Powers. Cal
Dr E M Forter, Xapa
E R Leibert. N T
J W Dunlap & w, Cal
A G Burnett. S Rosa
J M StrieninR & w, Cal
C M Fish, Martinez
J F Morley, L Ang
C G Sholes. Topeka
A Smith, Los Ang
O E McLeod. Stockton
R L Beardslee. Stkton
C de LeKh. Stockton
J A O'Connor. Va
B M Delonp, Sacto
Miss L Larb, Oregon
R S Booth, Grants Pas
E L Farns worth. Cal
S J Burrls. Colorado
O M Thurmen & w,
Chlgagro
T L. Taylor, Vallejo
PALACE HOTEL.
D K Drake. N T. ; "
J F Farrahar, Treka
J E Brophy, Arizona
Duke de la Torre,
Madrid
B N Steinman. Sacto
Miss Alice Gall. Cal
M II Sampson, Chgo
D W Fenton & w, Cal
S B Story. Portland
F Schlisky, /N T
J I I>oeb, San Jose
R Relnhart,,N Y
W G Nichols. NT
J F Kidder. Gr Valley
D H Clarke. N T
H Rickard, Rossland
J E Marble. Los Att(
O W Butler, Bt Paul
Olive Oil for the Hair.
To the well-sroomed woman the care of
her hair Is a subject of paramount im
portance, and every new recipe to prevent
It from falling out. to keep it In the neces
sary condition of wave, flufflnesa and gen
erally well-cared-for appearance. Is hailed
with Joy and Immediately tested.
Some well-meaning persons have' sworn
by kerosene, and many easily persuaded,
women have tried It. only to find them
selves a nuisance to the family while the
"cure" was in process, ahd In the end
obliged to abandon its use-from the very
disagreeable after effects of the treat
ment.- . . .
All authorities on the subject of hair
doctorlnp agree that the natural oil of the
hair. Judiciously augmented by an arti
ficially applied oil, will be of material
benefit in producing luxuriant, glossy
tresses and prevent the long ends from
splitting and the hair from falling out,
for the reason that the roots are properly
nourished. _
Another reason why some pooa oil
should be carefully applied to the roots
of the hair is the necessity of keeping the
scalp loose from the head, and by this
means permitting the natural oil of the
hair to nourish it as nature Intended It
It has been found th^t the best, purest
olive oil, purchased at some reliable gro
cery or Italian warehouse, or In small
quantities from the drugstore, has all the
mechanical qualities of kerosene, without
any of the disagreeable after effects.
Onlv use very little at a time, dipping
the fingers Into a saucer containing not
more than half a teaspoonful of the very
best oil. Then massage the scalp thor
oughly (not letting the oil touch the long
ends of the hair), until It is worked in so
completely that the scalp feels almost
drv
This treatment applied once a week with
a shampoo, the principal ingredient of
¦which is the white of an egg. and then
washed with hot water and white castlie
soap and afterward carefully and thor
oughly rinsed with hot water once every
?wo weeks It is said, will prevent the hair
from falling out. will keep it fluffy and yet
elo^ay. and those who have tried It say
it is on>\of the best of the many recipes
recommended.-New York Herald.
line of Hartford street, 85 S of Nineteenth.
S 25 by W S3; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Robert
S. Moore, lot on NE line of Spear street. 137:6
NW of Mission, NW 45:10 by NE 137:6: J25.0OO.
Leon H. Cochran to Sylvain Schnalttacher,
lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue. 67:6 E
of Fifth avenue, E 60 by N 100; $10.
Sylvain Schnaittacher to Frank C. Clark,
same; $10.
George R. and Joanna Fletcher to Frederick
C. Siebe. lot on NE corner of Sixth and Point
Lobos avenues, 13 32:6 by N 100; also lot on B
line of Sixth avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos
avenue. ?»' 25 by E 120, Quitclaim deed; $10.
Joseph Rothschild to Ernst A. Uuchse. lots
L 2 and 10. block 30 West End Map 1; $10.
John R. Spring to Susan Royal (wile of Ros
coe), lots 1 and 16, block 26. West End Map 1;
$10.
Mary A. Daley to John H. Knise, lot on S
line of Montcalm street, 155 E of Alabama, E
23 by S 100; $10.
Emma Brode to Brode & Clark Iron Works
(a corporation), lots 12. 15 and 16. block Zk
Park Lane Tract No. 6; $10.
J. B. Bacon to R. II. Cross, lot on NW corner
Holloway and "Jules streets, W 25 by N. 100,
lot 1. block 26, Lakeview; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Rudolph Spreck
cls. lot commencing 123:6 W of Polk street
and 165:4Vi N of Jackson. S 20 by E 43:6; $900.
Henry E. and L. J. Bothin to same, same;
$10.
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchinson to Peter J.
Keys, lot on E line of Julian avenue, 155 S
of Fourteenth street, S 30 by E 94: $10.
J. C. McKenzle (or KInzle) to John A. Hoots,
lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 152 E of
Castro. E 26 by S 115; $10.
Estate Jonathan L. White (by Charles G.
Gebhardt, Richard H. Morrison and George
Costello. executors) to M. P. Detels, lot on S
line of California street. 168 W of old line of
Kearny street, W 27:9 by S 68:9; $12,000.
Thomas W. and Katherlne Church to E. M.
Hunter lot on N corner of Second and Harri
son streets. NE 125 by NW 137:6; $10.
Lizette M. L. Nelson to Bertha Behlow. lot
on S line of Mission street, 402:6 W of Fifth,
W 80 by S 160; $10.
C. W. Huestls to Emma L., Emma J. and
Charles N. P. Huestia, property described in
227 D 123, lot on NE line of Folsom avenue.
125 SE of Folsom street. SE 25 by NE 62:6;
also all property wherever situated and prop
erty outside of county, with certain reserva
tions; gift. „ _ ,
Thomas W.. Katherlne A.. Christopher C and
Lily A. Rivers to William W. Rednall. lot on
NE corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and Wiscon
sin streets. N 433 by E 200: $10. „_,..,.
William Irving Smith to B. F. Smith, jot
on W line of First avenue, 112:6 S of California,
8 Catherine Young (Bradley) (by Mark Bart
lett. commissioner) to Charlotte Bauer, lot on
NE line of Algeria street. 300 NE of Potomac
(R), NW B0 by NE 100, block 343. O"N. & H.
to M. Ballln. lot on SW
line of Seventh avenue, 120 NW of K street.
NW SO by SW 100. bfock 141. Central Park
H IlSSry e r* : jr!°knd Clara H. Blanchei to .am.
lot on corner of W Ihne of Ware street and NE
line of San Bruno. NW 132, E 76, S 110, lot L
block 7. Garden Tract Homestead: $10.
Erik and Mary C. Boes to Niels Rasmupsen.
lots 7. 10 nn« 11. block 6. Garden Tract Home
stead Addition; $10.
Alameda Cotmty.
Henry %. Jones to Barah E. Hopper (single),
lots B and 6; block, 10\ Allendal* Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Albert H.. Oscar, Elizabeth and Martha N.
Jareckl to Mary J. Mann, lot on NW corner
Market and Forty-third streets, N 100 by W
00, being lots 18 and 19. block 2097, Alden Tract
at TemescaJ, Oakland: also property In other
C °Ferd? 8 Reis'jr. and ¦William S. Pardy (trustees
Elande V. Wishart Jr. to Pacific States S.
L. and B. Company, lot off N line of Isabella
street BOO W of San Pablo avenue. W 25 by
N 139:2%. being the-E half of lot 21. Gunn
Tract. trustee'B deed, Oakland; $1150. \
F A. (or F. H.) and Marie L. Colley to
Ella M. Bridenbecker (wife of I. TV.), lot on
N line of Francisco street. 1S9:6 E of Grove.
E BO by N 135. being lot IL block D. Janes
Tract, Berkeley: $10. . ¦ tn.ii.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Lulgl . Della
maggiora (single)., lot 13. block H. Map of
Andrew Jones' subdivision. Brooklyn Tcwn-
Bl Luella°' and C. J. Heeseman to George E.
Pratt, lots 19 and 20. block 2116, Alden Tract
at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
E. P. Flint to Edward D. Flint (In trust for
E. P. Flint. Alice ¦ M. Flint and Mary D.
Kurtz), lot on SW corner of Perry and Orange
streets, SW 140 by NW 130, being lot 14, block
K, Flint Tract, Map 4, Oakland; $1.
Roosevelt Johnson to Realty Syndicate (cor
poration), lot on S line of Fortieth street. ™°
W of Telegraph avenue, W 43 by 8 100. being
lot 13. block 2080. Map of estate of John Evoy,
In plat 36. Ro. V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
William A. Marshall to Lucie B. Butters, lot
on NW corner of Vista and Bonita avenues,
W 150 by N 200, being portion of lots 2 and 3,
block 5. Map of Piedmont Park, Oakland Town
ship; $10. < '¦ '
A. C. Berthler and L. F. Gilmore to Fran
clsca Berthler (wife of A. C). lot 68. Elmhurst
Park No. 2, Brooklyn Township; $80.. . -
Ann Brodlgan to George F/Brodlgan, lot be
ginning at a point In center line of Central ave
nue. 247.25 SW from the intersection of Central
avenue with center line of Walnut street.
thence SE 658. SW 217.75. NW. 658. NE 217.75
to beginning, being portion j>f Seminary Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
, Anna C. Doherty (single) to Rachael L. Dud
ley (wife of John H.). lot on N line of Felton
street, 150 E of Paradise, E 50 by N 135, being
lot 14, block C. Paradise Park, Berkeley: $10.
Arthur or M. A. Baldwin to W. Edward
Thomson, lot on E line of Franklin street, 60 N
of Durant. N B0 by,E 125, Oakland; $10.
Charles W. Crapo to Martha E. Adams, lot
on S line of Millbury street, 120 E of Spring.
E 60 by S 206. being portion of lot IB, Cameron
Tract. East Oakland: $1000.
' Henry E. and Nellie Pastor to E. W. Me-
Graw, lot 3. block C, Hlllegass Tract, Map 3,
Berkeley ; $10 , . .
E. P. and Llda C. Drew to Caroline H. Frey
(wife of Frank), lot on E line of Filbert street.
225 North of Eighteenth N-40 by E 125, block
614, Oakland; $10. " .
Carlton E. White to Alice G. White, all in
terest m the following: All - of East Oakland
Heights; also lot on NW corner of Eleventh
avenue and East Eighteenth street. N 175, W
ISO. S 00. E 60, 8 125, E 100 to beginning; also
lots 34 to 42. block E, lots 1 to 5. 36 to 40, block
J, map of new town of Lynn; also lot on NE
line of East Twentieth street, 174.66 SE of
Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 40 by" NE 150, block
M, map of subdivision 50. Associates' Tract.
East Oakland: also lots 6 to 15, IS and 13 22 to
34, block D, Blake Tract; also lot 7, block I.
lot 7 and S 80 feet of lot 8. lot 9, block 2, lot 3
and S 70 feet of lot 4, lots 6, 7 to 10, block 8,
entire blcck E. lots 1 to 6, block i, all in tha
Kearney Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Laura F. and Charles L. Dlgley to r>. B.
Parker, lot on N corner of East Fifteenth
street and Seventeenth avenue, NW 60, by NE
140, being lots 11 and 12, block 29, San Antonio,
East Oakland; J10.
D. B. and Mattle Parker to Mary A. Witter,
same. Ea*t Oakland: *10.
Martlnus O. Curry (single) to William F.
Gioson, lot on V. line of Jones street. 100 E of
Fourth. E 60 by N 101:6. block 47, Tract B.
Berkeley Loan and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $10.
Susan H. Nye to Mllllcent Meriwether (as
guardian of the estate of Elsie Meriwether,
minor), lot on S line of Channing way. 125.25
W of Shattuck avenue, W 45, 3 135, E 45 N to
beginning, being a portion of lot 6, block 3,
Barker Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Walter and Annie Morgan to E. A. Heron,
lot on SE line of Adeline street. 143:6 SW of
Monroe. SW 100 by SE 159. being portion of lot
1. block D, Oak Tree Farm Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
I Max and Josephine Neckhaus and E. J. Flan-
Igan (by \V. S. Harlow. commissioner) to Wil
liam Kohler. lot on N line of Hopkins street.
140.01 W of Dlmond avenue. N 175. W 174 99
S. SE and ISW following the center of Sausal
Creek to Nl line of Hopkins street. E 133.34 to
beginning, lots 1. 2 and 3 and portion of lot 7,
block A. Dlmond Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$4503.
Richard E. Queen to Ellen Montgomery (wife
of Z.), .02 acres on E line of Grove street, 253 40
S of Forty-third. SE 74.92 to N boundary line
of Montgomery Tract, ilap 2, thence SW 78.65
to E line of Grove street, NE 24.10 to begin
ning. Oakland; $10.
A<lolph and Hermlne- Ludeman to Joseph
Ethen and Katie Bold (wife of J. L,.). lot on
NE corner of Putnam street and Frultvale ave
nue, E 113.19, N 55, W 122.26, S 65.74 to begin
ning, being lot 6, block 722. on map of C. C.
Clay's subdivided block 77? and fractional
blocks 72S, 734. 747. 751 to 754 and 77$, Levy and
Lane Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Sarah Lee Hinds to H. W. and S. A. Norman,
lots 14 to 18. map of Frultvale Cottage Home
Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Joshua R. Mead, Anna L. Lee, Stella B. and
William W. Mead (trustees estate Stephen
Mead) to Charles P. Maleton. lot on N line
of Mead avenue. 216.01 E of Market street. B
30 by N 125. being lot 23 and E 5 feet lot 24,
Map of M"ad Park, Oakland; $10.
J. A. and Mrs. J. A. Coley to Pacific Coast
Lumber and Mill Company (a corporation) of
Oakland, lot on W line of Locksley avenue. 225
N of Summer street, N 37:6 by W 100, being
a portion of lots 21 and 22, Locksley Square
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Lena M. Gllmore, Jessie H.. Kate A. and
Amos C. Morse and Sarah W. Thwaltes to
Wlnona E. Plnney. all interest In lot on S
corner of Oakland avenue and Perry street.
SW 100 by SE 130. being lot 1. block K, Flint
Tract No. 2. Oakland; $3.
Elizabeth and Thomas Creamer to Grace E.
Mortimer (wife of t W. J.), lot 7. block 17,
Daley's Scenic Parlc ; Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Mary A. Mcl>onald to Elizabeth McDonald,
lot on N line of Virginia street, 125 E of Le
Roy avenue, E f»0 by N 125, being lot 7, block
17, Daley's Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley; gift.
James A. and Jessie R. SIdey to Crane Com
pany (a corporation) of San Francisco, lots 23
' and 24. block L, Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn
, Township; also lot on N line of Bristol street,
63 W of Eighth. W 25 by N 100, being the W
half of lot 12, block 77. Tract B, Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$10.
James S. and Jennie Nicholas to August Eq,
i gelhardt. lot on N line of East Twenty-first
Etreet, 209:SV4 E of Twenty-fourth avenue. E
70 by N 150, block N, subdivision Fifty Asso
ciates' Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mary
L Reed, lot 26 in Plat 21. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township: $74.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to John W.
Dunning, lot on N line of Carlton street, 258.05
•\X of Grove. W 35 by N 129:4. being a portion
of lot 17.- block O, Crystal Springs Tract. Berke
ley- $10.
William J. Laymance (single) to Charlotte
Witts (widow), lot 5. block A, Hemphill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Henry Barkmeyer to Ludwig Luba, lot en N
line of Crlttenden avenue, 160 E of Vlcksburg
street E 150 by N 123.82. being lots 4, 5 and 6.
block A, Map of Judd Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship;, $10.
Charles O. Merrell (executor estate Emma
L Bowne) to Lorenzo Utman, all Interest In
lot on N line of Washington street. 40 W of
Merrell avenue. W 35. N 124:6. E S5. 8 to be
ginning, being the W 15 feet of lot 18 and E
20 feet lot 19 in subdivision A. Fruitvale Ter
minal Tract. Brooklyn Township; $200.
Home Building Company (a corporation) to
Lorenzo D. Utman. lot 61. Map of Forest Park
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. -
Morning— "Is the Universe, Including Men, <&
Evolved by Automatic Force?" «$>
then came the boom-boom of what could
only have been grandfather's clock. Fin
ally I could stand it no longer, and asked
him what it was. 'Have I never sliown.
you my clocks?' he questioned, as his face
lit up with pleasure. He led me into the
next apartment, "lhe'walla were literally
lined with clocks of all sorts, sizes and
description, and of every manufacture.
America, was represented, and so. too, was
every other country. All were ticking: mer
rily, but no two kept the same time, and
so I asked him why he didn't have them
regulated. 'Oh. I do^that on purpose.* he
airily replied; 'You see, some days when I
rise late I am sorry and want It earlier,
and vice versa. Then 1 come In here and
glance at one of my clocks that I know to
be either fast or slow, and there you are.
The time Is as I want It. You see, I reg
ulate time like everything- else In Zanzi
bar.' With a dazed feeling that I was In
Intimate conversation with the Red Queen
In 'Alice In Wonderland,' I helplessly
asked him what he meant by regulating
time for the Island.
"In Zanzibar the official time is taJcen
from a clock on the lower opposite the
palace. The Sultan asked me what time
I would like It to be. and upon my say
ing 8 a. m. he led the way to the porch,
summoned the official timekeeper, and
said: 'It is now 8 in the morning; act ac
cordingly!' And In a few moments, I'm
blessed, If the hands of that dizzy old
clock weren't turned Dack to 8 o'clock!"—
New York Tribune.
First Baptist, fcddy street, near Jones-
Rev. E. A. Woods. y^
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, oexween
Twenty-second and Twenty-third— Rev. J.
George Gibson. - -
St Mary's, Dupont and California streets—
Paullst Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
gast. V. G.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard. !
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, be
tween Valencia and Mission— Rev. Wil
liam Rader.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— F»ev. Philip
Coombs,
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A- B.
Wilson.
Simpson M. E. # corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets— Rev. John Stephens.
First M. E. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev, w. S. Urmy.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-«flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard. !
Central Methodist. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. 8. D. Hutsln
plller.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderick streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
St. Paul's Church, California street, near
Flllmore— Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector; Rev.
A. C. Wilson, assistant.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Richmeffd Methodist. Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
street— Rev. A. E. Ulrich.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenue — Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Kess avenue
and Sacramento etreet— Rev. William
Mackenzie.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets — Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
Second Unitarian, corner Twentieth and
Capp streets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodgin.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt. •
FlrFt Church of Christ, Sutter street, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue.
Morning— "Working With God." Evening—
"A Vacation and Its Lessons."
Morning:— "Christ's Reticence." Evening —
"And One Sat On the Throne."
Horning— Rev. Henry E. O'Keefe /will de
liver sermon. Evenlng—-Rev. Father Mac-
Corry will preach.
Morning— Rev. Father Hannigan will de
liver sermon. Evening — Rev. Father I'.atnm
will preach.
Morning — "The lord's Simper." Evening
—"Which Words We Speak."
Morning— "Piety of Patriotism." Evening
—"The Conqueror From Edcm."
Mornlnu— "The Lessons of Bunker Hill."
Evening— "Cast Thy Burden Upon the
Lord."
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing — Same.
s
Morning— "Faultless in the Presence of
Christ's Glory." Evening— "Salvatlonror
the Lost."
Morning— Preaching by.^the pastor. Even
ing—Same;
Morning— "The Event to Be Provided For."
. Evening— "Is There a Divine Claim Upon
Us. or Are "We Independent of Supernatur
al Supervision?"
Morning— "Present Tense Religion." Even
. ing— "A Young Man's Desire and Quest."
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by. the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— "The Old Fashioned Religion."
Evening— "The Religion of 'To- Morrow."
Morning— "Drawing a Bow at a .Venture "
Evening— "la Christianity Practical?"
Morning — Preaching by the rector. Even
ing — Same. •
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same. • .
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
Morning — "Remedies for Spiritual Decline."
Evening — "If Any Man Sin."
Morning— "Dust Eaters." Evening— "The
Trouble In China."
Morning — Preaching by th« pastor. Even
ing—Preaching by Itev. W. K. Guthrie.
Morning— "The Use of the Talents." Even
ing — "Bunker Hill and Christian Hero-
Ism."
Morning— "The Saint and the Hero." Even
ing—No services.
There will be no services to-day.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE GHURCHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
30
RBAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. I
Savings and Loon Society to Jean M. Dupas '
lot on N line of Jackson street, 25 W of Lar
kln, W 75 by N 102 :&%; $10,800.
"William and Eva Williamson to Andrew B.
Forbes, lot on S line of Green etreet, 68:9 E
of Flllmore. S 87:6 by W 63:9; $10.
Johan B. and Ellen P. Relte to. Christian
Jensen, lot on E line of Pierce street. 61 S of
Filbert. 8 28 by E 82:6; $10.
Same to William Wieprer. lot on E line of
Pierce street, 82 S of Filbert, S 28 by E 82-6
310. t
William K. Van Alen to Walter R. Love
grove, lot on NW corner of Clay and Lyon
streets. W 110 by N 3S; S10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to' Thomas
W. and Chris C. Rivera, lot on W line of
Dolores street, 68 8 of Army. S 25 by W 80; $10.
Henry L. and Mary A; Pleace to Pacific Mu
tual Building and Loaa Association, lot on W
OCEAN TBAVEL.
toycFkisen kaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS NIPPON MARU .Tuesday. July 10. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU ,
Friday, August 3, 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARU
« Wednesday, August 29
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage* apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAQNIE GENESALE TRAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j*^
Palllnp every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at
10 a. zn., from Pier 42. North Rlrer. foot of
Morton »t. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21:
L'AQUITAINE. June 2»: LA TOURAINE. July
5: LA LORRAINE. July 12. First-class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.— HONOT,irc,U, APIA
AUCKLAND AN1> SYDNEV.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, June 27, 2 p. m.
B. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed. .July 11. 8 p. m.
I. D. SPRECXELS i BROS. CO., A gts., H4 Montgomeq
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Oiflce.323 Market St
JV4\4>aa/at> ¦ Ifelir biteob .hoo Tonal
fiai3^W263^ U flf^!" OCTAVIA .7000 Tono!
(ilVWlIvO ELB111. LCXOK ...65OO Ton.
! 8ERAFI3 .4000 Tons ,
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
| via Mexican port b. Central, South America, etc ,
S.S. Luxor. 6500 tons, sails about Jun* 3. ,
J.D. SPUKCltliJ*BnOS.CO«> ? foU. 114 tf«B<9oa*rr SU
j Fl«rK»7- »r»h»tO««>.t3TJUrt*«St~8»»rr«» 1 |»0» |
OCEAU TRAVEL.
ffe Valencia
y -^ iroK
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTCRAOB yACTTJTtgS
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Go.,
30 California St, S. P.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
»^. wharf. San P"ranel»co:
VT*V_ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
lv^*V Jun» U. 23. 25. 30. July 5.
Fv&J'*iS»«rv Chan jre to company's steam-
¦ix eZlVlA «" a-t Seattle. _
C3^5j£| v\1 For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
'i*Ss£!2*<?ftM 1 Port Townsend. Seattle.
¦""^¦CfiggfSl Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea.
u and New Whatcom (Wash.V-
ii a. m.. June 15, 20, 23. SO.
July 5 and every fifth day thereafter: chan**
V For° "Eureka .^I&nSjdt Bay-W a. «. J*.
17. 22. 27. July 2. and every fifth day there-
a For Santa Crat. Monterey. Ban Slraeon. Cay-
ucos Port Hart ord f San Luis Obt«po). Oaviota,
Fant'a Barbara.. Ventura. Huemme. Ban rearo.
East San Pedro (Los Anwelee) and Newport—
9 am* June 16. 20. 24. 23. July 1. and .very
only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjreles and Redondo (Los An«eles>— 11 «.
m. June IS? 22. 28. SO. July 4. and «very fourth.
a ¥or h Ensena5'a, Magflalena Bay. Ban Jose M
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La.Paz. Santa Rosalia
and 'Guaymas Olexieo)— 10 a, m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
reserves tha right to chugs
steamers, sailing rtates and hour* of salllnr
without previous notice,
TICKET OFFKE-* New Montgomery
street CPalar* Hotel). *
GOODALU PERKINS * CO.. Oen. AretJts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIST»ATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:po :r,t:lj a. isr id
From Spear-street 'Wharf at 11 sl m.
C A D C SI2 First Class including B*rth
IriilC $8 Second Class and Maals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Juas 23. Jaly >
COLUMBIA nails June 17. 27. July T
Short line to Walla "Walla. Spokane. But?*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Axent.
\ 630 Market street.
GOODALI* PERKIXS & CO..
. Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. Al new passenger steamer.
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons register.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSOM
and all TyKON* RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
KZ W T0S5. SOUTHAXTTOS. LOHS05. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a.m.
e» Paul June *7|New Tork July 11
!£ Louis... July 4'St. Paul July 13
RED STAi^ LINE.
New Yor'< etyi Antwerp.
From New Tork everyWednesday, 12 noon.
Fouthwark June 20|K*nslnyton ......July 4
Westernland ...June 27'Noordland July U
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rate*
and other Information apnly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
30 Montsromer7 st.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AHD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monycella.**
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4S
a. m.: 3:15, S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ntcht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1XS.
FARE 50c.
WeiyCall $1.00 perYear
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY. ;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A FrECIAL LIST OF HARGAINS!
J1S.000 — C<j*:t 127,000; this is a magnificent
borne; mixlem. recent architecture; corner lot;
fr*a£ly situated; an effer considered to close
estate.
$10.000— One of the choicest homes in central
K*st Oakland; 14 rooms; Gothic Ftyle; cost
JiP.OOO; IwnlirilHl «=:tuatrd: a banraln.
S'uk'i tor 7 acres in northern city limits of
Oakland, for which I1M0 per acre has been re-
fUSt^i.
JJ12:— Worth yrf>ffl: i-room cottage, only three
Mock* of our oftice.
JlTuC fr>r £6 aero? cf Jand within fix miles of
Oakland, formerly held at £0000; all fenced;
fronts county load; has oil indication*; sacri-
S4TM if sold this week: elesant modern house,
i nxjiv.s; ixiroelain bath, decorated ceilings : 60-
foot lot; :•:.,. mortgage J4UO0 can remain; loca-
tion central, choicest in Oakland; eimply must
¦elL
$35 per foot— ChoiceFt central residence lot in
Oakland for the money; If you want a snap
i«ee this immediately.
JlP.'ji *•— Mad!scn-at. (Lakeelde District) re«l-
denc*. 12 rooms; large lot; offer wanted; take
unall Irome jiurt pay; owner raust realize.
tWb-~Yoax own terms; modem improvements
thct would cost you jrTM to-day: two-story
hous«, 7 rooms, bath, cement basement: flne
ban 1 .: iargt lot; beautiful garden: convenient
location; mortgage itiw; offer wanted.
' $7i00— To save foreclosure; one-half block,
over 400 feet frcntape, with residence, in cen-
tral Ea*t Oakland. 10 minute*' walk, of Broad-
*Only SSOO cash— Near Market Station or City
Hall; magnificent f-room cottage; cost J4500;
offered for I3JO0; appreciated if eeea.
tCIO— Linia Vista terrace: lovely new home,
t rooms, furnace; 60-foot lot; eltuatlon unex-
ce!>d: never occupied; easy terms.
J11G0 each— One to three acres, all In fruit;
frcnung electric road.
$2G"X>— Finest buiidic* lot In beautiful Linda
Vista terrace: WxlIS; want Quick eaie.
A erai<— i^0 cash; n*w, t rooms, porcelain
bath- £ minutes* walk Fourteenth and Broad-
way; price only SISiO; never occupied.
A sacrifice— Highland Park; beautiful home,
7 rooms, cood order; lot £.:xl00; half -block to
cars; fiat mortgage JliOO; cCer wanted for
e< s-k,w.^-Barpa;n; modern Colonial home of six
room*: near. Market Station; choice location;
rt-nts t2l a month.
j:c.O— Corner Hats. 6 rooms each; central lo-
cation near park and stations; always rented;
C6 (.0 a raor.th; a bargain; only *40u cash re-
ti> l l ,£ju_Rents SCO a month: four modern, cen-
trally located Cats; cosX owner JSvOO; always
J.'OwA-Telegrarh avenue; beautiful home of
• rooiii£; Miperto location; large lot; splendid
fjfna •.<,-,. station; new 7-room bouse: very
complete; *;ou car;jet; cash over morte*se.
Ul lAYMA C NCl" ;>O n E AL ESTATE CO..
O!!ice§ and Salesroom,
4C0-4*;2 Eighth et.. Oakland.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN &. CO..
Iteal Estate Atents
And House Renters.
100$ Broad we v. near Tenth SL.
Oakland. Cal.
E^OO—Cozy modem colonial home of 8 rooms,
bath, cellar, etc.: ail In Hrst-class condi-
tion ; lot 75x11.0 feet; high ground, with
bam and fruit trees; clote to school and
cars in Frultvale; carries £000 mortgage
6.nd positively raust l>e sold.
tl&Oi— A ...... t. .:. • store and E-room flat and rear
cottage of 6 rooms; lot 16x160 feet; fronts
main Etrtet and electric line; 1 block from
local station; owner li back East; rent*
for J22 to steady tenants; must be sold.
t£0 per front foot; choice business or resi-
dence lota. MxlOO leet. on the BUTmy tide
of Telegraph ave.
»:»>:¦ — Brand-new colonial cottage or 8 room»;
fronting right en the carllne in Piedmont;
terras, enly $200 down, balance on a bank
ir.stal!ir.er.t lean; owner going away.
tZJb— Kine small comer lot, UCxTO feet, with
street work done and only 1 block from
station ; suitable for business or resi-
dence.
£500— ijowntswn; new cottage or 6 rooms; lot
£0 feet front; well rented; occupied by a
pood tenant; owner going away; lnve«tl-
cate this.
GEORGE W. AtTETIX & CO..
Keal Estate Agents
And House Renters.
XOCJ Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
E. E. BUNCE.
80S Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER:
$£500 — Lot lOOxlSS feet, with nice cottage; must
be sold within ten days.
Large [tot cf new houses for sale on easy
terms.
200 lota for eaie in Oakland. Alameda, Fruit-
vale and Berkeley.
tlOO.(«.'j — .MX' acres, near Oakland; exchange for
City I'roV'erty.
5450,1 — acres; 10-rocra house; barn; fruit;
fine improvements.
Ranches for cale from 19 acre* to EO.COO acres.
1 OGO.wO acres for eaie in Mexico at £0 centa
per acre: close to navlgible river; well adapted
for colcnlzaiicn.
SO-page catalogue cf nnches and homes.
Large list of California and Eastern property
for exchange.
I have »¦ i business chances of all kinds for
¦ale.
Oakland property for exchange for San Fran-
cisco property.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of it? value
for your own protection. E. E. UUNCE.
SOS Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
ITr.9 — COTTAGE 4 rooms, bath, basement, wash
trays, closets, etc.; good corner lot, well lo-
cated near cars in East Oakland; this place is
offered very cheap, it must be sold quickly;
any one wishing a bargain call on my agents.
ALDEX CO.. lilS Broadway.
"WANTED— P.ead this: "Want an 8-room house
in Kast Oakland or elsewhere; will give JlWo
cash and a good property consisting of an 8-
room fiat worth tZ'Jdd. all clear. Aj-ply to AL-
I)EN CO, HIS Broedway.
|St CAEH. *€ monthly— Chicken run of 60x256
feet; unfinished new cottage, 2 rooms; chicken
vard; all fenced; price all tolfl J3T5; more land
can be had cheap; 6oil, climate and water ex-
cellent; tway from cold winds and fogs; grand
view; near a 90-foot-wifle boulevard and elec-
tric car line; not far from fine. 3-story echool-
house; ie building up fact; 4 houses already
eor.e up on the place; Westall Tract, adjoin-
ing East Oakland; call or eenfl for circular.
455 Seventh st_. n»ar Broadway, Oakland.
HEN'RY Z. JONES. Owner.
$2000— NET5V Colonial bouse; right In the heart
of the c'.ty; no carfare; mighty neat; 6
rooms; bath; up to date; 8 minutes' walk to
Jo;al; street work complete; ready to walk
Into; see It. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
$5 MONTH rent; good-elzed tingle cottage and
4 lota; all fenced: well of fine watery delight-
ful cllmat*: «uperb noil; grand vie*; 7£ fami-
lies located in 2Vi year»; rear S electrlo car
lines: SO root boulevard; flne school near:
AHendale Tract, adjoining l^ast Oakland. 455
Seventh, near cor. Broadway, Oakland. H. Z
JONES. Land Owner.
ONLY J150 down, balance. email monthly pay-
ment, will buy a new. up-to-date modern cot-
tage; 4 rooms, bathroom, pantry, toilet, etc.;
north ride of Etreet; lot 40 feet front; only
four minutes to Berkeley local; cottage now
being finished; call and eee It. JAS. S.
_ NAISVTITH. <S2 Ninth St.
$r.<y>- cirEAP at $4500.
English house; near local station; 7 rooms
in the latett ideas; location and neighborhood
the best; ronr.y: good lot; space too limited
to «ctol Its Qualities; see it; first come flr-t
f«"rve<1; carriages at office. 3. 8. MYERS
1OC2 nrr.ajJway, Oakland.
FOR pert— Small house. 12 lots and orchard in
Kant Oakland, at $« per month; water free;
good for chickens. Box 2?H. Call office.
EIX>CK €4. must be eold. near 23d ave., 17th St..
Fast Oakland ; a rare chance for a block pur-
charer. SA MITEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth Ft.. East Oakland.
OAKT.ANO IIOlSElvKEPING ROOMS.
THREE nice sunny ur.furalshefl rooms for
housekwp'.nr: all modern convenience*; cheap
rer.t. 142: Thirte^r.th ave.. T.aEt Oakland.
OAKLAND UNFVRN1SHFD ROOMS.
THREE nice simny unfumlrhed rooms for
housckt^plnp; aJl modern conveniences: ch.eao
r«-nt. !<:; Thirteenth av>.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUIIMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction 10 yon from H. Schellhaas the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS 'WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed propoeals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, et iu offlc*. room U, ko Pansome st.
Ban Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.'
SATURDAY. June a, 1900. and opened lxnl
mediately thereafter In the presence of bld-
<Ser«. for furniEhlng and delivering Quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet
. erans* Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad
* rtation Yountvllle). for six months commenc-
ing July 1. 1»00. and ending December 21, isoo
Echedules with Information end Instructions
fcr 6ubmlttlng bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders win
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
uler, and no bid will be considered unless it
U In accordance with euch schedules. Each
bidder roust accompany bis bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Ma«on Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a pood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The beard reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity «n'er or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
ef Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, room U, £20 Eansome et.. 8aa Fran-
cisco. Csl. By order of the Board of Dlreo-
ters. 3. 3. SCOVILLE, SecxvUry.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for State Prison eupplles— Bids
will be received by the State Board of Prison
Directors at San Quentin. up to the hour
of 10:30 a. m. of July 7. 1900, for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentin with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year, check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to the
pr^dprit of the board, must accompany each
b!c\ Kchedulea and conditions to be had on
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
J. V. KLLIS. Clerk.
2LARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlne marriage licensee were issued
I restrrday:
Aaron S. Levin. S5. 1156 nilii street, and Dora
H. lirown. 27. 26'"6 California.street.
George H. Winkle, 3C, Santa Cruz, and Lil-
lian E. MfK'orinick. 2«. PoscadTO.
Roy H. IKiuElass. 21. 2ul Grant avenue, and
Ettaiyn B. Uroback, 22, Uklah.
Peter Fletcher, 31, New York, and Harriet
B. Tay. 31. T0C2 Pierce street. .
Vittorlo Regaslia, 2S, Asti. and Teresa Crl-
velll, 22. 514 Green street.
John TV. Willis. SO, 60* Halpht street, and
Emir.a KniprUts. 24. S67 Lexington avenue.
Charles M. Kingrman. 26. Santa Rosa, ana
Minnie E. LoKsdon. 30. San Bernardino.
Jens J. Jensen. 29, 21SH Clara street, ana
Susan McVlccurs. 29. 213>* Clara street.
William C. Schuneman. 27. Hoqulam. wash.,
and Tillle WhaJin, 24, Petaluma.
Jchn Cook Jr.. S3. 1626 Dupont street, and
Sophie Taylor, 37. 920 Jackson street.
Toble Weaver. 36. Searchliuht. >.ev.. and Liz-
zie Sexton, 23. city.
Francis Tone. 30, Tillamook. Or., and Mar-
garet A. Purcell, 22, Tillamook, Or.
Jchn Cooper. *3, £134 Stockton street, and
Ellen Bachmann. 47. 2134 Stockton street.
Edward L. Purdy. 26. 1S38 Howard street, and
Emily Zeller. X. Reclamation.
BIRTHS— M&BRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of j?er-
eonj authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BACIIRACH— At Dwlght way. Berkeley. June
12. 19G0. to the wife of R. W. Bachrach, a
cauchter. .'
CATE— In this city. June 7. 1300. to the wife of
W. H. Cate. a dauehter.
CO.VLA.V-In this city. April 2S. 1909, to the
wife cf Samuel L. Conlan, a ton.
CZERW1NSKY— In this city, to the wife of J.
Czcrwinsky, a son.
HOSTETTER— In this city. June 7. 1900. to the
¦wife of Augustus G. Hostetter. a son.
ISRAEL— In this city, June 16, 1900. to the wlf-;
of G. Israel, a Eon.
McDERMOTT— In this city, June 14. 1900. to
the wife of J. B. McDermott, a daughter.
McMAHON— In this city. June 13. 1900. to the
wife of John J. McMahon. a son.
1 MARPLE— In this city. June ». 1900. to the wife
of R. J. Marple. a son.
MITCHELL— In this city. June 11, 1900, to the
wife of Edward J. Mitchell, a Eon.
XEW.VHAM-ln this city. June S. 1900. to the
wire of Arthur E. Kewnham. a. son.
NOONAN— In this city. June 16. 1000, to the
wife cf F. P. Noonan, a son.
ORME— In Oakland. June 8, 1DC0. to the wife
of Kichard Orme, a son.
RASPEILLEF.-In Berkeley. June 11. 1900. to
the wife o£ Joseph Kaspeiller, a son.
STERN— In New York, June 16. 1900. to the
wife of Louis Stem, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ATTELL— ABRAMS-Jn this city. June 10. 1900,
by the Rev. M. 6. Levy. Joseph Attell and
Flora Abrams.
! BROWN— BOROWSKY— In this city, June 10,
1S0O. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Eugene Brown
Had Julia Borowsky.
HAM— HYDE— In this city, June 15. 1900, by
the Rev. Alfred Bayley. Charles H. Ham and
Lucy J. Hyde.
HANSON— GORMAN— In this city, June 2. 1?00,
Kred P. Hanson and Mary E. Gorman, both
of San Kranclfico.
LEOPOLI>— LEVY— In this city, June 10. 1900,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel Leopold and
~ Ida V. Levy.
MARKS— KOCUMAN— In this city. June 6. 1500,
by the Itev. 11. B. Levy. Moe Marks and Mil-
lie Kocbman.
RICE— LLOYD— In this city, June 13, 1900, by
the Rev. W. E. Dugan, Carson Frank Ric«
and Mamie Lloyd, both of San Francisco.
WATERMAN— EERTELSMAN— In this city.
June 12. 1300, by the Kev. M. S. Levy. Jesse
M. Waterman and Dora. Bertelsman.
__
Ayer. Mllo J. Manning, William A.
Barry. Francis J. Martin. John B.
Cofcn. Anna W. Munler, Louis
Curtis, William O. O'Rourke. Mary A.
Dourel, Elizabeth Patocchi, Charles
Dyde, Daniel Peterson, Emma
Gerhardy, Henry P. Printz, Frank P.
Gortnan. Mrs. Bridget Rolf, John F.
Harisen. Henrick Rlordan, Mary O.
Hayes. Annie Itontet. Louise
Hutchinson, Andrew Bmlth, Edward
liigerson, Rachel Smith, Emma J.
Johnson, Ernefct V. Hluart, Mary
Kern, Julius Toomey, Annie
Knapp, Georce R- Whitney. Mary E.
Lynch. Major John Wlrt. Rev. David .
Madden. Mary Zech. Tlllle A.
AYER— In this city. June 15. 1500. Milo J.
Ayer, beloved father of Clarence E. and Fred
W. Ayer. Mrs. Jerry Williams of Vallejo ar.d
Mrs. Walter J. Kngle of San Francisco, a
native of St. Johnsbury. Caledonia County,
Vt., ageJ n years 10 months and 21 days.
(Vermont, Illinois and Boston papers please
cory) \
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Eunday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth etreet, near Market. Interment ila-
conic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
BARRY— la th!s city, June IS. 1900. at the
parents' residence. 232 Harriet street. Fran-
cis James, beloved son of Thomas F. and
Amanda Barry, a native of San Francisco,
aged £ months and l'J days.
COHN— In this city. June 16. 1900. Anna W.,
beloved wife of William Cohn, daughter of
Hi's. Deborah Horwitz. and sister ol Charles
Horwitz and Mrs. Flora Fenersteln. a native
of Rciumanta, aged 24 years. (St. Paul and
Minneapolis papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 130 l'ai?re Btreet, thence to 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
CURTIS— At Highland Springs. Cal.. June 15.
S p. in.. William Giddlnsrs Curtis, beloved
hu&band of Mary Burton Curtis, a native of
Connecticut, aged £0 years 9 months and 28
days.
CTTuneral cervices will be held this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the Episcopal
Church. Ban Rafael. Interment private.
Friends are requested to leave San Francisco
' not later than the 11 o'clock broadgaugc boat.
DOUREL— In this city, June 16, 1900, Elizabeth
Dourel, a native of Germany, aged Cl years.
DYDE— In the City and County Hospital, June
11. 1300, Daniel Dyde. a native of England,
aced 74 years.
GERHARDY— In Tulare. June 15, 1900, Henry
P. Gerhardy, beloved son of Mrs. L. Meyer,
and brother of Otto C. Gerhardy, Mrs. A.
Trescher. Mrs. P. Pflug and Mrs. 'J. Koenig,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
|E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GORMAN — In Midway. Alameda County. June
IS. 1900. Mrs. Bridget Gorman, wife of Walter
Gorman, and mother of J. F.. J. E., P. W.,
Walter Jr. and L'.zzie Gorman, Mrs. J. B.
Hawthorne. Mrs. Nellie Fish and Mrs. Katie
Faulkner, born in Kilkenny. Ireland, aged
6S years 4 months and 13 days. •
HANHEK-In this city. June 14, 1900. Henrick
Hansen, beloved husband bt Else Hansen.
father of Christ Haneen, Mrs. H. K. Soren-
Ecn and Marie, Hans and Henrica Hansen,
and brother <• Albert Hansen. a native of
Denmark, aged fil years. A member of the
Scandinavian Society.
(CTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2666 Twenty-first street, near Tork. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
OFFICERS and members of the Scandinavian
Hoclety: You are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our late member. Henrick Han-
pen, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence, 26C€ Twenty-first street. By
order of CARL A. HAGSTROM. Pre».
C. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
HAYES— In this city, at her residence, JUS How-
ard street. Annie, wife of James A. Hayes,
and daughter of Mrs. J. Riley, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 32 years. ¦
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. June 15. 1900, An-
drew Hutchinson, a native of Ireland, aged
Co years.
INGERSON— In Oakland. June 16. 1500, Rachel
Ingerson. a native of England, aged BS years
and 8 months.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 15, 1900, Ernest
Victor, beloved, son of Charles v. and Aman-
da S. Johnscn, and brother of Nina Amanda
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 8 months and 1 day.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 1114 Powhattan street, between Brad-
ford and Peralta, near Cortland avenue. Ber-
nal Heights. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
KERN— In this city. June IS. 1300. Julius, be-
loved husband of Josie Kern, father of Ar-
thur, George and Alma Kern, son of Carrie
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<Sacressors to Flannaran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
colma, San mateo Co.
OFFICE, 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
CpNTRlBUTORS \
TO THE Z
SUMMER TERM COURSES, j
• n.lQOOim >
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY |
- CIRCLE SERIES. |
REV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE, A. C. McLAUGHLIN, LL.TX,
D.D., University of Michigan.
Boston - MARGABET AINSLEE,
COLONEL THOS. W. HIGGINSON, Philadelphia.
Cambridge. Mass. PROFESSOR G. R. CARPENTER,
ELIZABETH STUART PHETjPS, Columbia University.
Boston. rev. LYMAN" P. POWELL,
F. HOPKINSON SMITH, Author of American Historic Town
.______„ Series."
New Tork City. \
HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD, JAMES WOODBUBH, Ph. D,
-Washington. D. C. Indla ° a Lniverslty -
Assistant Secretary of tha Treasury.
a CTANT.EY WATT T T Ti GEORGE M. WRONG, M. A,,
G. STANLEY TTAT.T,, LL.D., university of Toronto.
President Claxk University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS K GATES, CHABL ? al f u S^: g
Harvard University. tajjJj q TBtEEBtj B ., jj. jj.
PROFESSOR JAMES F. KEMP, University of Michigan.
Columbia University. ROBERT SL TOOKER, M. D n
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D., Chicago.
Haverford College. I OSCAR H. ALMS, M. TX, -
JESSE MACY, LL.D., Philadelphia.
Iowa College. WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, LITT. D., Art Editor "Boston Transcript.-
Cambridge; Mass. ARTHUR HOEBER,
O. P. AUSTIN, Editor New Tork "Commenda
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics. Advertiser."
s> Ahd^otbers wbose names appear <;|
« It) connection with the programme ;i
?z of studies. . J?
Kern, and brother of Mrs. Gus Hartman. a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 44 years. A member of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1788, Knights of
Honor.'
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 63 Valley street, near San Jose avenue,
between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car. corner Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue.
MEMBERS of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 17S8. K.
of H.. are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brothf-r, Julius Kern, from the fam-
ily residence, 53 Valley street, this day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock.
F. F. WEDEKIND. Dictator.
n. H. NOBLE. Reporter.
KNAPP— In this city. June 15. 1900, George R.
Knapp, a native of Missouri, aged 30 years
b months and 11 days. *
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 1 funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
paWors of Bunker & L.unt, 2KC6 Mission Ktreet.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
LYNCH— Iti Berkeley. June 11, 1000, Major John
Lynch, father of J. C. Lynch, a native of
Ireland, Rged 75 years 5 months and J4 days.
EfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
post room of George H. Thomas Post, G. A.
R^> 220 Post street, San Francisco. Inter-
merit strictly private. Please omit flowers.
MADDEN— In this city, June 15. 1900, Mnry.
beloved wife of James Madden, and mother
of Nellie and the late James G. Madden, a
native of County Galway, Ireland.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 65 Albion avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth streets, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a requiem hiffh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANNING — At Mare Island. June 14, 1900,
William A., dearly beloved son of William
and Jane Manning, and brother of Thomas,
Eddie. Joseph, Frank, George, Jennie and
Ella Manning and Mrs. T. F. Sheehan Jr., a
native of San Francisco, acred 22 years 9
months and 3 days. (Vallejo, CaL, papers
please copy.)
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 138 Perry street, between Third
and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MARTIN-In this city. June 16, 1900. John B..
beloved husband of the late Mary V. Martin,
and father of Margaret. John. Mary, Frana
and Edward Martin, a native of County Lira-'
orick. Ireland, aged 75 years.
MUNIER— In this city. June 16, 1S00. Louis
Municr. aeed S3 years.
O'ROURKE— June 16. 1900. Mary Alice, beloved
daughter of Michael and Katie O'Rourke, a
native of Oakland, aged 1 year 11 months and
27 days.
PATOCCHI— In this city. June 15. 1900, Charles
Patocchl. a native of Switzerland, aged 75
years.
PETERSON— In Oakland, June 16, 1300, Emma,
beloved wife of Oscar W. Peterson, mother of
Irraa Henretta Peterson, daughter of Fred
and Henretta Schmlel, and sister of Henry,
Emlel. George and Laura Schmiel and Mrs.
Clara Pangburn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years and 19 days.
PRINTZ— In this city, June 16, 1900, Frank
Pierce Printz. a native of Ohio, aged 46 years
and 8 months.
REIF— In Oakland. June 15. 1900, John Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Catherine Uelf, and
uncle of Rose Relf, a native of Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 61.years 5 months and 12 days.
(CyFriendB and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 165 East Twelfth street. East Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
RIORDAN-In this city, June 15. 1900. Mary G.,
beloved daughter of Mrs. J. Rlordan, and Bis-
ter of Annie and Josle Rlordan, Mrs. J. Cal-
14&han and the late James A. Jtiurdan, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 709>4 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
YOSEMITE Parlor No. 83. N. D. G. W.— Of-
. fleers and members of Yosemlte Parlor No. 83,
N. D. O. W. : You are hereby requested to
assemble at TOSH: Hampshire street, this day
(Sunday), at 6 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late sister, Mary G. Rlordan.
M. FLYNN. President.
S. KALTHOFF. Secretary.
RONTET— In this city, June 15. 1900. Louise
Rontet, beloved wife of Mattlas Rontet. a na-
tive of France, aged 74 years 3 months and IS
days.
E7" Interment private.
BMITH— In the City and County Hospital,
¦ June 16, 1900. Edward Smith, a native of Cali-
fornia, aeed 41 years.
BMITH— In this city. June 15, 1900, (Baby)
Emma J. Smith, beloved daughter of Emma J.
ar.d the late Walter O. T. Smith, a native of
San Francisco.
|E7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 1032 Pierce
Etreet, thence to St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church, where funeral services will be held at
2:30 o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
STUART— In Oakland, June 15.' 1900, Mary Stu-
art, mother of Rose. Mary. Xellln and Charles
Stuart, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 74
years.
TOOMEY— In this city, June 14. 1900, Annie,
beloved wife of Michael J. Toomey. mother
of Johnny and the late Jessie and Edna To<£
mey. daughter of the late John and Maggie
Bowman, and flstrr of Mrs. Henry C-jnners,
a native of San Francisco, ated 23 years 1
month and 14 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the fulWal this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 164 Clementina etreet, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHITNEY— In this city. June 16, 1900, Mary
Etta, beloved wife of the late E. H. Whitney,
and mother of Mrs. J. W. Wetmore and Mrs.
Alfred Bartlett, a native of New York, aged
£0 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. J. W. Wetmore, iSl" Bush
Etreet, between Baker and Lyon. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
WIRT— In Oakland, June 16. 1900. Rev. David
Wlrt. father of Rev. Loyal L., Arthur D. and
Charles S. V.'irt, a native of Ohio, aged 78
years 8 months and 14 days.
ZECH— In this city. June 14, 1S0O, Tlllle A.,
dearly beloved wife of William F. Zech,
daughter of P. M. and Barbara Ohmeis, and
sister of Jchn u Charles, Cecelia and Hugo
Ohmeis of New York, a native of New York
City, aged 26 years 5 months and 9 days.
(New York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1569 Post street, between Octavia and
Lacuna. Interment I. O. O.: F. Cemetery.EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE STOCK MARKET.
" All stocks were dull yesterday and quotations
showed no changes worthy of note.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of. High and Low
¦ Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTES — The high and low waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. • Bept.
Closing 6 11% 6 11T4
Opening S 11% 5 n%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. Deo.
Opening .~. 20 35 21 90
Closing - 20 M 21 85
Flcur—
Opening 27 BO 28 W
Closing 27 55 28 SO
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, June 16.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Plums— Clymans. small
crates. $1 15@1 50, average $1 22. Peaches—
Alexanders, bdx, $1 30@l 40, average $1 85.
Apricots— «lngle crates, $1.35. Two cars sold to
day. Favorable weather. ...
MONTREAL, Quebec, June 15.— The Earl
Fruit Company realized the following prices for
Time Ball.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery, 14@18Hc; dairy
13StlC.ic. Cheese, steady, 8V2@9^c. Eggs, slow
fresh, lCc
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
45 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Lippincott of the United States
Geological Survey:
New York Stock Market.
JCEW YORK. June IC— The stock market
abandoned the attitude of waiting. In which it
has been bo long steadfast, and gave itself
ever to active liquidation, with all the appoint
ments of a state of alarm. The two exacted
Incidents were tbe cause of this change. First
of these was the action of the directors of the
Northern Pacific announced af t*r business
tours yesterday. In reducing the dividend on
the common stock. This was accept<-d as a
vell-conEidered and weil-infcrmed decision from
conservative authorities that a considerable
*faortase of the wheat crop of the Northwest
rM to t^ faced this year and that a period
of declining railroad earnlr.es was to be ex
pected as a result of this and the reaction In
(reneral business. The effect was pronounced
OB the stocks of grain carrying roads, epecl
¦U» in the Northwett. and the rather numerous
Knmw o£ stoctai which have ristn in price on
the i£ore of good earninss and ho;** of liberal
dnldecd flttSonenettUL The policy of ex
treme oooaemtlsaa in dividend disbursements
EdJiaed I by th* Northern Pacific, it was taken
to erante.1. would have, an influence on other .
railroad directors. Ky the end of the tat
fcr.ur what, with the demand of shorts to cov-r j
and exporting orders by the friends of differ- i
ent stock*, the decline had been arrtstod an1 j
the 1.1-eR.vure of HcjuHatinn relaxed at a rally
Jn prices. The eo-cond and decisive phase b*>gan
with a resumption cf realizing in soaie stocks ;
ani was jireclpitated into acute weakness by
the publication of the bulletin reporting the
destruction of the foreign lfgatloris at Peking |
*nd the killing of the <>?t-mafl--M!:iist<-r there, j
This though without ofnclalconnrmaiion, was (
accepted as throwing the Chinese situation into |
t -., acute stage and the market, which has been j
wai'in* in hopes of a peaceful and eatisfac- |
tcry' solution or that problem, threw over stocks I
ln>heavy volume. After a momentary pause, j
w!*ea r<x>m fhorts b»^an to cover, the decline j
¦was renewed and the closing was active and j
¦w-:.i: at the lowest.
The movt-tr.fTii of prices In the Ftoek Ei- j
chanpe haf> r.o eienincanee this week. The !
market wa.« entirely in the hands of "room j
fader* " who operate on their own account and j
ce-erally count c<v. cU-slr.g an account before
th« d«v ends, taking their profits or losses as j
the ra*a may be. The inertia of the market In
<ace of these professional operations is pretty
rood evidence that the level of prices haa
reached the normal and the real owners of
Etuoks ar* holding them to await more dennite j
developments regarding the future. j
The laef Itude in the bond market Is especially j
f!Lrifira.nt f in view of the present low inter- ,
ft rax** for money, which almost Invariably
f^-rve to brir.ff an Investment demand Into the
•The^extrcniely crmpei-i-ativ« course which Is
b^injt pursued by the Bank of Franc* in In
creasing its sold tnpply and largely irducirg
!•« obUeatI«M CUSea increasing surmii-es in
th* fnanrial wrrrld nnd keeps alive uneasiness
over the Chinese complication. Special fnduco
roe-ts offered by this Institution drew the
wetV« shipment of JJ.50O.000 In gold from New
vnrk The rraewal of this foreign demand for
cold couiOM with the calling of Government |
depoVits fro™ National Banks into the Treas- J
urr tma awakened some v«gue duestioning «s
to the efect on our money market. But the
fart that th» Government three p«r cents have
t>ec-n r*caX*<l tor redemption quiets any real
al The h< bond n market ha. fully shared in the
flullness of the stork market and .the movement
of price? has not been important. _ ¦¦¦* -.;¦¦¦.. •;.
rr.itr-d States n*v? 4s have advanced % and
the £s K In the bid rrfce.
NEW TORK 6TOCK LJST. Ji
Phar«i C 1 ™*
Sold. Ftocks— B ' d -,
7.CC9 Atchisca zl^ 1
CHICAGO, June 16. — The wheat market to
day was broad and excited. The Increased
outside interest was especially noticeable, al
though most of the time the trade was too
large to follow In detail In a general way
lt was a market made .by an army of buyers
on one side and a numerous contingent of
longs out after profits on the ether. The buy
ers were the more numerous, as well as the
i mere eager, and a strong advance was the
result. July opened tyQlc higher at 75Q75%c.
and Fhortly afterward sold at 75c. Liverpool
was l'4d higher, an evidence that the Eng
lish arft at last beginning to appreciate some
thing of the reported blight in the Northwest.
j July, following the opening, was crushed back
! to 74Hc by the liquidation of longs. A rally
enEued to 75Hc. the highest price of the r"ecent
t bulge. Over 75c there was heavy selling by
j longs, but so well was their offerings taken
I that July reacted only %SHc and closed buoy
i ant 1H6H4C over yesterday at 75H@75>4c. Gen
! erally the advices from the spring wheat au
thorities was that the failure this season
would prove the worst the Northwest has ever
known. France, lt was said, would have to
I Import SO.000,000 bushels to make up her short
1 age. Complaints of excessive rains were re
ceived from Southern Illinois, Kentucky and
Tennessee.
Corn was firm In sympathy with wheat, but
trade was not particularly active. July closed
%c up at 89%c.
Oats followed wheat and corn. Shorts were
good buyers of both July and September, while
the best selling came from profit-takers. Sep
tember closed at 22%o, July Y*.o over yesterday
at 23c
The provisions market was fairly active and
strong. The strength was because of light hog
receipts, higher prices at the yards and to a
degree on the grain strength. July pork closed
2o'?i27Vic over yesterday, July lard l<V4o up and
July ribs loc higher.
Tt-e leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
strong and quiet; winter patents, $3 75Q3 90;
straights. $3«3 60; clears. $2 90@3 50; spring spe
cials, $43>4 15; patents. $3 80@3 75; straights. $3
QZ 25; bakers' $2 30£2 80. No. 3 spring Wheat.
70ifi72Hc; No. 2 red, 77 : H'3Tn4o. No. 2 Corn, 39%
4i30T<,c; No. 2 yellow. 39 : iif'40c No. 2 Oats, 234
«I23^c; No. 2 white, 264r26Hc ; No. 3 white, 25*43$
26Uc No. 2 Rye. C8%c. Good feeding Barley
375JCSc; fair to choice malting, 41ft 43c. No. i
Flaxseed, $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80. Mess
Pork, per barrel. $10 35(311 &0. Lard, per 100
pounds, $6 CCKi <j 70. Short Ribs sides, loose $6 65
§6 S5. Dry salted Shoulders, boxed, SM^%,c.
hort Clear sides, boxed, $7 15^7 25. Whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 23. Clover, contract
grade, $7 75^8.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. June 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diezo and way oorts.
Stmr V.'asatsnaw, Gllboy. 81 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Greenwood. Onnderscn, 41 hours from
Port Los Anseles.
Stmr TUlamook, Hughes. 17 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, 59 hours from Vic
toria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson. 71 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 73 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersea, 84 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen. 17 days from
Mahukona.
S;hr Ocean Spray. Larsen. 40 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Queen, Nlelson. 7 days from Grays Har
bor. «
Schr Bended Brothers. Wetzel, 20 hours from
Bowens Lendins-
CLEARED.
Saturday, Juns 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall. Per
klr.s & Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolson. 6aa Pedro: Ooodall.
Perkins & Co.
• Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astorl*: Oregon P.aU
roaJ ar.d Nav Co.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka,; Charles
TJelson.
Schr Eva. Ramsellas, Kahului; Alexander tt
Baldwin.
Schr Rosamond (new). Ward, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. Jons 1*.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattl«.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
U S stmr Thomas. Buford. Manila and Hono
lulu.
Ship Berlin, Gaffry. Tacoma.
Br ship Oranasia. Grelg. Queenstown.
Schr Impossible. Low. Point Reyes.
SPOKEN.
June 9. lat 41 N, Ion 14 W— Br ship Port Pat
rick, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
June 10. lat 45 N. Ion 13 W— Br ship Cromartjr
shire, from Antwerp, for San Franci3co.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE. June 16— The hull of th« sealing
schr Pioneer, which disappeared in the Bering
Sea In October, 1838. was found a complete
wreck In the upper Vancouver Island. Eight
skel«tons. Including that of Captain Peck, win
found on board.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOCOS, June 16. 19 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity JO miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jun» 18— Schr
G W Watson, from Honolulu.
Sailed June 16— Br ship Brodlck Castle, for — .
POINT REYES— Passed June 16— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
REDON DO— Arrived June 15— Stmr Alcatraz,
from Pert Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Sailed Juno 18— Bktn Geo C Per
kins, for Honolulu.
FORT ROSS— Arrived June 16— Schr Mary C.
hence June 14.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 18— Fr bark Mare
chal de Vlllars. from St Nazalre.
SAN PEDRO— failed June 1Z— Stmr W H
Kruter, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Juna 16— Stmr Whltes
boro. lor San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Juna 18— Jap stmr
America Maru. hence May 19.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 15— Br bark
Norfolk Island, for Birkenhead.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 7— Ger stmr Aby
dos. for San Francisco.
GL'ATMAS- Arrived June 16— Schr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Juns 14— Br stmr Ar
gyll, from Astoria.
HIOGO^-Arrived Jun» 13— Br stmr Glenogle,
from Tacoma.
CARDIFF— Sailed June 18— Br ship Comlle
bank, for Santa Rosalia.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Jun» 13— Ger ship Cola-,
bia. for Hull; Br ship Cralgmore. for Swan
sea; Bcr bark Hyon. for Antwerp. June 18—
Br ship MatUrhom, for Dublin.
SWANSEA— Sailed Jun<; IC— Fr ship Vllle de
Mulhoufce, for Saa Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June li— Stmr Argyte,
from Portland, Or.
HIOGO— Arrived June 13— Stmr Glenogle. from
Tacoma.
HAVRE— Sailed June 18— Stmr L'Aquetalne,
for New York.
ANTWERP- 3ailed June 15— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York. . ,
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 16 — Stmr Lucania.
for New Ycrk.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 18— Stmr Palatla,
for Hamburg, via Cherbourg.
Sailed June IS— Etmr Manitou. for Lrndon;
stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Trare. for
Cherbourg and Southampton: stmr Spaarndam,
for Rotterdam: Etmr Ems. for Naples, etc;
stmr Sardinian, for Glasgow; stmr Ethiopia,
for Glasgow* • \
GENOA— Arrived June 15— Stmr Kaiser Wll
fcelm II. from New York, for Napl-s.
BREMEN — Sailed June is — Stmr Bremen, for
New York, via Southampton.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — M 85%
Sterling Exchange. Bight „ — 4 8314
Sterling Cables -V... — 4 S3
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60>i
Mexican Dollars 48ft 4a
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower.
Chicago was excited and higher on better for
eign advices and domestic crop damage. Hold
ers cold freely, however. There were copious
rains In South Dakota, but none In the North.
The general opinion is that the rains are too
late Snow estimates that Jhe three States
of North and South Dakota and Minnesota will
not produce over lOO.COO.OOO bushels.
Argentine advices are that Corn farm work is
making slow progress, owing to -continued wet
weather. The weather In the Danublan prov
inces is generally brilliant and the crop Im
provement is all that can be desired. The re
ports to the Paris Echo Agrlcole are some
what conflicting, but on the whole the wheat
crop prospects are somewhat Improved.
In tha local market futures advanced sharp
ly, but fell back somewhat. Spot quotations
stood about the same. ..-LI.',
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 95@86Vio; milling,
97M>'*?*1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o' clock— December—
32.000 ctls, U06%; 8000, *1 06%; 2000, »1 07; 4000.
$1 06%.
Second Session— December— 20,000 ctls, $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
$1 06%: 26,000, $1 06V*.
BARLEY- There Is nothing new to report.
The market is very dulL
\ Feed, 67>4@"0c f °r No - 1 and 62%@65o for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75@80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule for all descrip
tions and the market is quiet.
White, $1 10@l 30: Surprise, $1 22%@1 25; Ked.
$1 10S1 20; Gray. Jl O7V4@1 15; Black, »1@1 07V4
pC COPvN— Eastern large Yellow, fl 15 per ctl;
Eastern White, «@1 05 per ctl; Mixed, $1 10.
RYE— Quotable at 87&c for new and 92U@93c
for old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, S3 60@3 75.
ueual terms; bakers' extras, 13 4r>@8 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. X2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, J2 50;
Oat Groats, ?4 50; Hominy, $2 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. W$i 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), »6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley. $S; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, |5 50 per
100 lbs. ,
Hay and Feedstuifs.
Hay Is steady at the recent advance, with
moderate receipts. Feedstuffs are firm and in
light supply, Bran particularly.
BRAN— $12 £0® 13 50 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, »15®16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 60® 23; Cocoanut Cake. S2O021- Corn Meal,
$25; CrackM Com. $25 60: Mlxad Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@9 50 for common to *ood.
$10®10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 60@10;
Oat, $6 5O@8 50; Alfalfa, $507 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50<36 60; Wheat,
$6 50@8; Clover, $4 50®6; Alfalfa, J3@7; Barley,
$4 COij 6 60 per ton.
8TKAW— 26@37Vbc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a quiet and un
changed market, though there is rather more
firmness In several descriptions. But If the
State Is kept tinder quarantine for any length
of time the market will probably weaken.
BKANb— Bayua; J2 Ho&i: small \> tin.*, J3 255J
3 40; large White, $2 75@3; Pink. $2 50@3 90;
Red, $2 61X83; Blackeye. $S 50©3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 S0@5 40; Pea, $3 4O®3 60; Red
Kidneys, $4(34 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary, ¦ 8Vto
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Kape, 2V4@Sc; Hemp, 4S'4%c;
Timothy. 4®4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 80@2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl. >-.^V';,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue to decline under heavy re
ceipts. Onions 6how now material change.
Vegetables continue plentiful. River Tomatoes
came In and brought $2 50 per box.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 75!ff90c; New
Potatoes. 35@60c per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. .46®56c; Sllverskins, 75®
85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 50 per sack
and $1 50®l 75 per crate for Vacavllle and $1 75
©2 25 for bay; Rhubarb, 20@50c per box; As
parapuB $i@l 75 per box for common to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy large; Green Peas. 75c!fJ< I
$1 25 per sack; String Beans, 2@4c; Cabbage, 4?L|
«j50c; Tomatoes, 6Sc@$l 25; Egg Plant. 4@6c;
Green Okra, 30c; Green Peppers, 12%@20c; Dried
Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 23©35c per sack; Sum
mer Squash. 30ff?40c per box for Vacaville and
75c@$l for Alameda; Cucumbers, fl@l 60 for
Alameda and 50@65c per box for Marysville;
new Garlic, 2c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Two or three cars of Eastern will be put on
during the early part of the week. Local
stock Is weak and dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lC@llo for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Ueese, per pair,
Charters.
The Emily T. Wiitmey loads tnerch&sdlse for
Honolulu.
The Newsboy lo*fia lumber at Tacojna for
Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank elearlnsa last week w«ra CT1.ES1,
tO. a«aln«t tlS.4S4.S41 for tiie earae week last
year.
Exports of Wheat and Flour.
Export* of Flour from this port during the
Cm eleven months of. the current crop year
amount to 1.005,700 bbls, at'a.lnst 870.840 during
the same i>eriod of the preceding crop year.
Keduclng this Flour to a Wheat basis ajiS add-
Ing it to the exported Wheat g-ives total ex
ports of Wheat :or the eleven, months of 8.7CS.-
C"<> ctls, valued at $?,!23,2C0, against 4,4SS,S00
ctls at fS.ESS.TuO last year.
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipt* of Quicksilver at this port during
the first flv« months of the year were Ji£,0
fiufks, BLg&lr.st **$0 durlnc the same time last
jear. The exp.orts during this period were 4186
Rat-ks. valued at £158,300, against 4700 fiasks at
f !!>3,3uO last year.
Additional Manifests.
An additional taaalfest has been reported for
the steamer City of Puebla, which 6ailed Fri
day, consisting cf the following:
For Vancouver. l£f-4 rk£s Fruit, 351 ska Pota
toes. 7£6 pkgs Veg-etaljles, 20 boxes Lemo-na, E2
cr Onions. Value. $2514.
In additional to cargo previously reported the
trig Gaiiiee, which exiled Friday for Tahiti,
carried the following:
Se\-en cs Paste. 9 cr Vegetables. 42 cs Canned
Goods. 7 cb Canned Fruit. Z2 bales Salt, 11
rkfs ?tr-» ing Machines. 2$ cs Oil, 16 eks Beans.
tOt bbls Flour. 14 cs Canned Heat. 106 boxes
Boap, 33 kegs Nails, 1^4 Its Lard, S6 cs
Canned Sain.on. 14 bbls Salmon, 25 cs
I»ry Goods, lOM lh« Rice. 11 bbls Meat. 19 bales
Cordage. 15 cs Hardware. 41C0 lbs Bread. 3
<-Us Uarlej-. 3 Stoves, 2 cr Oiiions, 5 cr Potatoes.
Value, IZiCi.
Weather Report.
ClSCth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
BAN FRAt-'CISCO. June 16—5 p. m.
Tlie following maximum temperature* wer*
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ..:. €2 San Diego 70
Fresno hi -Sacraniento B0
Lcs Angeles ........ 7C £an Luis Obisro .. 78
lied Bluff M ilouct Tamalpals... C5
Independence £2
San Francisco tfata— Maximum temperature,
CC: rsln'.niun. E3: mean. ES.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FOP^CAST.
CToufiy aad threatening weather prevails CA-er
"VNathirigTon. Oreg-or:. Idaho and Montana; else
where west of the Rocky Mountains the weath
?•r Is clear. Light ehewers aj-e reported from
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope.
The pressure has risen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific £lo>e and fallen slightly ever
the southern.
The temperature has risen over Northern Cal
ifornia and Southwestern Oregon and fallen
over the Rocky Mountain region.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
•wr-ather In California Sunday.
Forecast made at Ssua Francisco for thirty
hours ending mldr.igriJt. June 17, 1^33:
Northern Cal ifornisv— Fair, wanner Sunday;
fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday : fresh west
«".nd.
Nevada — Fair, ¦warmer Sunday.
I'tah — Fair, -warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Han Francisco ani vicinity — Fair, warmer
Sunday; freth west wind in the afternoon.
G. H. WILLKON,
Local Forecast Official.
15.S60 AtcWscn prefd 69T4
£.€00 Baltimore & Ohio 7*H
200 Canadian Paeiile 81**
100 Canada Southern £>".•&
530 Chesapeake &*Ohio 23i»
CIO Chicago Great Western , 101H
17.7M Chicago Burlington & Quincy l^M
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 20
143 Chicago Ind &¦ Louisville prefd 6'>
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97
800 Chicago & Northwestern 156>4
t.ZitO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 104?*
too C C C & fit Louis 67
C20 Colorado Southern 6 k
245 Colorado Southern 1st prefd i-Vi
.^ Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
100 Delaware & Hudson HIM.
Delaware Lack & Western.. — . 175^2
200 Denver & Rio Grande 17 1 *
100 Denver & IUo Grande prefd 6o4
SW Erie HV>
ISO Erie 1st prefd 32
1.700 Great Northern prefd..... —.14»»i
100 Hocking Coal 13'>»
— Hocking Valley ~ 34^
Illinois Central Ul%
100 Iowa Central ~ 18
200 Iowa Central prefd , *»
— Kansas City Plttsburg & A P 16>4
£00 I^&ke Erie & Western- -. - Z*'+*
— Lake Erie &• Western prefd.... 84
Lake Shore —.212
6.4S0 Louisville & Nashville 74
i"70 Manhattan L S7*i
1,150 Metropolitan Street Railway 1S2V»
Mexican Central • 12
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 61V4
120 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90
11,000 Missouri Pacific 49V4
Mobile & Ohio 36
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10U
7"0 Missouri Kansas & Texasprefd 31Vs
LIU New Jersey Central m 1 *
1,300 New York Central 1^*
l.S-75 Norfolk & Western 32%
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
(5,624 Northern Pacific 61H
1,340 Northern Pacific prefd 73
370 Ontario & Western l'^i
Oregon JUi-liway & Nav 41i
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 75
6.S23 Pennsylvania l'1-i
2'T0 Heading .' W'i
E.OGO Reading 1st prefd 65%
400 Keading 2d prefd — 27 ! 5
Jtio Grande Western 66
Kio Grande Western prefd S5
Ft Louis & San Fran 9%
Et Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 69
£t Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33
St Louis Southwestern :.. 9
600 ift Louis Southwestern prefd 22%i
UtMO St Paul .'.112k
St I'aul prefd 171
St Paul 61 Omaha 118
6,tl5 Southern Pacific 31H
1,420 .^outh-ern Railway ll'.s
£.<J30 Southern Kailway prefd olVi
20O Texas & Pacific 15
1C0 Third Avenue 10S
r>.CS5 Union Pacific 50%
l,0i5 Union Pacino prefd 72V4
Wabash •. „.... 7%
710 Wabash prefd lS*i
100 Wheeling <fc Lake Erie 6*s
7oO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 21%
ivi Wisconsin Central 14^
Ex;iree8 Companies —
Adams 117
American 150
United States 45
W«Us Fargo 120
Miscellaneous— *
• American Cotton Oil 82
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting 3
American Malting prefd 20
700 Am Smelting & Refining 34^4
100 Am Smelting ic Refining prefd 894
American Si irits 2U
American Spirits prefd , 17
720 American Steel & Hcnp li s i
American Steel Hoop prefd 6&ia
6.7"i5 American Steel & Wire 33? t
7^5 American St&el & Wire prefd 73^
COO American Tin Plate 20
200 American Tin Plate prefd 72
8,400 American Tobacco 83
American Tobacco prefd 129
450 Anaconda Mining- Co 33
1,057 nrooklyn Rapid Transit 67'i
1.340 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30^
CCO O r.tinf-ntal Tobacco 23? 8
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S
4.750 Federal SteeW „ 80>4
I.3S0 Federal Ft^el prefd 64
100 G>n<ral Electric ...131Vi
Glucose Sugar .. 46
Glucose Sugar prefd „ 97H
10U International Paper :. 22»i
120 International Paper prefd 64 Vs
Lacle£e Gas 73^fc
100 National Biscuit 2SH
National Biscuit prefd 7S
1Z-0 National Lead 18^
100 National Lead, prefd So',4
100 National Steel 26
National Steel prefd 85
New York Air Brake 128
C50 North American 15
200 Pacific Coast 50
. . . Pacific Coast 1st prefd 12
l"0 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 58»4
12.10 Pacific Mail 26
6 o50 People's Gas S8H
S00 Pressed Steel Car 44
. Prefsed Steel Car prefd 72
1"9 Pullman Palace Car ISO
. . P C C & St Louis 56>4
Ooi) Republic Iron & Steel 10}»
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63
Standard Rope & Twine 5 (
1*1720 Sugar - ••• 115?i
.. '.... Sugar prefd 114
6,520 Tennees Coal & Iron 64>4
515 United States Leather $%
615 United States Leather prefd Ci 1 ;
320 United States Rubber 25£
t'nlted States Rubber prefd S4i/4
Western Union 80
267,900 Eharee Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S refunding 2s. M K & T Ms 6714
fwhen issued).... 103 M K & T 4s 90
Do coup K.3tt;N T Cent l*ts....lim
TT E 2a reg K'O IN J Cent gen Cs 121*4.
L" E 3a reg V9 N Pacific 8s 6G%
U S 3s coup lf>3 jN Pacific 4s 101
.U P new 4s reg..-.134»i'N Y C & St L 4s. .106*4
I V S new 4s coup.. 134 s * j Nor &. W con 4s . 97'-i
'¦ \J S old 4s, reg 114U I Oregon Nav lsts...lO9
I U S old 4« coup lW-ijOreson Nav 4s 102'/i
i U S 5s rag 113Ui Oregon S L 6s 127%
' 1* S 5s coup IIS 1 * j Oregon S L con 5s. JH
! Diet of Col 3.65s.. .123 (Reading G<m 4s.... 88
' Atofcison gen 4s 11O 7 »!R O Western l«s..l00
Atchison adj 4» fcS^iSt L & I M con os.110%
Canada Sou Ms. ...107 ISt L & S F gen 6s.l25
Cht's & Ohio 4',4s... 99*»|St Paul consols.... 170^4
! Ches & Ohio 5S....116HJ Ft P C & Pac l»ts.l2O
i C & N enn 7s MlfeSt P C & Pac 6s. .120
i C & N S F Deb 6s. 117'. S Pacific 4s 80
> Chic Term 4s K% *ou Railway 6s — 1UH
I Colo South 4s ?".. Btaad R & T 6a.. 73
D & R G lstfl S3 1 ,; Tex & Pac lsts 112>4
! j> & R G 4s W3 Texas & Pac.2ds.. 55
1 E T V & Ga lsts...l03',i Union Pacific 4s....lO6 l i
! Frlc General 4s 71U Wabash luts 114
F W * D C lsts.. 71 Wabash 2nda 101%
General FJlec 5s....ll7',4 j West Shore 4s 114*4
I Inwa Cent lsts.... 112 !Wts Central lsts.. 90%i
1 K C P & G lats 70% I Virginia Centuires .92*4
j L & N unified 4s. .100 I
; MINING STOCKS. . \
! Chollar 108; Ontario 7 00
Crown PoJnt OS^Ophir 72
Con call & Va 1 4,>iPlymouth 10
Deadwood K>i Quicksilver 1 50
! Gould & Curry 12 do prefd 8 00
I Hale A Norc 23jSIerra Nevada 28
i Homestake 55 Ofl ; Standard 8 00
Iron Silver 60 [Union Con 1 CS
Mexican 21iYellow Jacket ....- 11
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West Electric 44
Call loans * ©3 Win Central '..100
Time loans 2&4M Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100
Atch T & St Fe.... 24 1 * N E Gas & C 6s.. 64Vi
Do prefd *9T4 Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..11654 Adventure 8
Do prefd 113 Allouez Mining Co. 1
! Pell Telephone 302 Amal Copper 85
Boston A Albany. .2U Atlantic 22
I Boston Plevated...l37 Boston & Mont — 295
Boston & Maine.. .192 Butte & Boston.... 63
C E & Q 124% Calumet & Hecla..715
Dominion Coal ....38%. Centennial 16*
Do prefd 118 franklin 12^
Federal Steel 30Vi Humboldt 60
Do prefd 64>i|Osceola E9
I FitcbburK prefd ...135«, I Parrot 38
I General Klectric -.131 Quincy 134H
Ed Elec 111, ex dlv.205 j Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Mexican Central .. 12 Tamarack 189
VEGu & Coke.. 16% Utah Mining 24 1
Old Dominion 16 Wlnona > 2ti
Rubber » West End 92y 2
Union Facino i WtLl
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
.^uit. — in tne aoove exposition or me iiacs
the early morning tides are jejven in the left
hand column and the successive tides at the
day In the order of occurrence a3 to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
fhe day, the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column givea th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thre* tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»"i»thts
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coasv Survey charts, except
whei^ a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth triven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water".
Quarantine threatens to demoralize all markets.
Bank Clearings show a gain for the week.
IVhcat stiff at a further advance. Barley dull
Other cereals inactive at unchanged prices.
Hay steady at the noted advance. Feedstuifs firm.
Beans well held, but not very active.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables weak and plentiful.
Butter and Eggs weakening. Cheese unchanged.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry due the first of the week.
Fruit dealers greatly disturbed over the quarantine.
Provisions dull and weak.
Wool, Hops and Hides depressed. Tallow extremely weak.
Beef weaker. Mutton higher. Hogs still scarce.
Prices for new Canned Fruits announced.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
London Market.
NEW TORK. June 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were almost empty to-day
and business was Infinitesimal. The tone was
fairly Bteady, except In Americans, which
weakened on the Northern Pacific dividend,
rallying fractionally at the close. Northern
Pacific common touched 56%, though Berlin re
frained from selling, finished at 66. Prices wera
generally under parity at the close. Money
was plentiful. The bank got £7000 gold from
Australia.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, June 16.—To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemptions, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $149,077,205; gold, $71,656,089.
* *
I
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Junel6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 15,
156; exrorts. 6350; market strongly held and a
shade higher on asking prices, but not active.
Winter patents, $3 70^4 05; winter straights. S3 55
<g3 70; Minnesota patent^, 13 9034 25; winter ex
tras, $2 60@2 90; Minnesota bakers', $3©3 10;
winter low grades. $2 45S2 55.
WHEAT- Receipts. 70.300 bushels, exports,
102,267 buehels. Sales, 3,675,000 bushels futures,
iO.OCO bushels fpot. Spot, strong: No. 2 red,
86'.;c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 62%o elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options opened strong on higher Eng
lish cables and continued bullish Northwest
crop news. The advance met active realizing,
however, under which prices eased off. The
market finally rallied again on heavy covering
an<l closed strong at lVifgl'/jc net advance. July
78 13-16(&79iic, closed 79=4c; September, 79 12-16®
S0-%c. closed S0?ic.
HOPS — Steady. Common to choice, 1S99 crop,
lift He; olds. 3#tc; Pacific Coast, 1899 crop, 10@
13c; old. 2vj5c.
HIDES— Steady. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
ISc; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 21%c; Texas dry,
24 to 40 pounds, 14c.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25@28c; Texae,
15@16c.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. Refined— New York,
$7 85; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 SO; do, In
bulk. $5 25.
COFFEE— Spot Rio weak; No. 7 Invoice, S%c;
Mild— Market dull and easy; Cordova, 9^4!g!13Vic.
The market for coffee futures opened barely
steady at 10S2O points decline under heavy
receipts at Rio and Santos and prediction of
steadily increasing new crop movement, with
cables disappointing and local disposition to
liquidate generally. No outside support and
considerable pressure to dispose of spot sup
plies. Close steady at a net decline of 10@20
points. Total sales, 13,750 bags, including:
June, $7 40tj7 45; August, $7 40 September,
$7 40; November, $7 40; December, $7 55<g7 60;
February. $7 60; March. $7 70<g7 75: May, $7 S5.
The brokers' price for lead is $3 60 and for
copper, $16 50.
SUGAR— Raw, strong. Fair refining, 4^c;
Centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; Molasses Sugar, 33 8 c
Relined. firm; No. 6. 5.20c; No. 7. 6.15c; No. 8.
6.10c; No. 9. 5.06c; No. 10, 5c; No. 11, 4.95c; No
J2. 4.90c; No. 13, 4.90c; No. 14, 4.90c; Standard A,
5.50c- Confectioners" A, 6.50c; Mold A. 5.95c;
Cut Loaf. 6.10c; Crushed, 6.10c; Powdered, 5.80c;
Granulated, 5.70c; Cubes, 5.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5222 packages; market
steady. Creamery, 15%-3'lSc: factory, 14@15?4c.
EGOS — Receipts, S200 packages; market tlrm.
Western, loss off, I2%jgl4c; Western at mark,
1Ch&'13%C.
NEW YORK. June 16. — Evaporated apples,
steady at unchanged prices. Dried fruits were
nominally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
Aht'ttic; prime, £&(g6c; choice, 6?i@7c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%@14c; Moorpark. 15@
Be.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20o; unpeeled, 639c
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 16—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
*s quar coup.. U5Villa»4 Mutual El Co. 10 11
4s do reg 114V*114% O O L & H 46% 47Vi
is do CD new..l34?il35 Pac Gas Imp.. — 46%
4a do coup 103 109%!Pac L Co — 45
Miscellaneous— \8 F Q & E 47% 43
Cal-st Cab as.. 113 — 8an Francisco. 4H 5
CC Water 6a.lC3tf - stkn « & E Co 10 —
Ed Li P 6s..l2S% - Insurance-
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — FirenVs F*und.22S% —
Geary-st R 5s. — S3 Bank stocks—
« C & S E%*. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 67
_ Do ° a — 108 Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s.... 104^105*4 Cal S D & T. — —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — j First Natianl. — 230
Do gntd 6a.. — — lLon P & A. ...132 —
r" A £ n £ d 53 ---100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R 58.102% — Net Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s...l2S — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M is.llSH — Ger S & L li'JO —
NC.NGR 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 63.115%117 Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
Do 5s 117 IIS S h" Sav U 505 —
, N P C R R 6s.l01 — Sav & L So.... 74 73
Do 5s — 103 Sec Sav Bk.... — —
N Cal R R 6s.Ul — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Has.lll — Street Railroads—
: Oak Tran 6s.. US%119>,s' California ....122%123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — !Geary-st mi —
Oceanic S 5s.. 105 107% | Market-st Ry. 63 —
Om C Ry 6s.. 128 — O S L & H... 44 £0
P & Cl Ry 63.104^— Presidio 13 21
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ...AM 170
Sac L & GR5s. — — Giant Con Co. S6 T i S7\i
S F & SJV 5s. 119^120% Vltrorit 2% 3
S Ry of Cal 6s.lll>4 — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..114 — Hana S P Co. iVt. &'.<s
Do (1905) ....110 110% Haw C & S Co — —
Do (WC6)^...111^113 Honokaa S Co 33^4 —
Do (1912) ....119 122% Hutch & P Co. — 25',
S P Br 6s 130 — Ktlauea S Co. 20H 20^
S V Water 6s. 115 — Makaweli S Co 47% 4s
Do 4s — 103>4jonomea S Co. 27^ 2S
Do 3d mtg...l01HMlHipaauhau S Co. Si 1 * 3iVi
Stocktn Ga» 6s 99 — j Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— |a1 Pack Assn. 117 —
Contra Costa.. 7044 70% Cal Fruit Asn. — 9S%
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex A ssn.. — 1JO
Spring Valley. 94% 95 Oceanic S Co.. S3% 94
Gas & Electric— p a c A F A.... 2 —
Cent GL Co.. - - Pac C Bor Co.150 -
Cent L&PCo 3% - Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Eqult G L Co. S& 3?»l
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Coeta Water 70 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 50
25 Giant Powder Con 87 00
50 Honokaa. S Co \ 33 25
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co - 20 12%
50 Makaweli 47 62%
2C0 Paauhau S P Co 31 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 «2%
10 S V Water 95 12%
Street—
75 Hutehlnson S P Co .- 23 75
93 Honokaa 8 Co 1 33 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlngr Session.
Board—
300 Home Oil Co ." 4 80
100 Shamrock 70
10 Oil City Petroleum 15 25
10 Oil City Petroleum 10 12%
20 Oil City Petroleum 15 00
Street—
100 Homestake U 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Btock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session,
300 Belcher 20 300 Hale & Norcr*. 23
300, Best & Belcher. 27 200 Mexican »4
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Sierra Nevada. SI
800 Con Cal & Va..l 63 100 Union Con 22
20O Crown Point... 10 600 Utah 15
100 Gould & Curry. 15 200 Utah 14
Following were the coles In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Mornlns Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 28 200 Union Con......' 21
200 Mexican 22 500 Utah 15
600 Potosl 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June IS— 12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04!Just!ce 06 OJ
Alta 03 04!Kentuck — 01
Andes 07 OS.Lady Wash 02 03
Belcher IS 19;Mexlcan 23 21
Ilest & Belcher. 27 20iOccidental 12 IS
Bullion 04 CijOphtr 7S 73
Caledonia 1 05 1 10 Overman ,. 17 IS
Chollar 20 21;Potosi 19 20
Challenge Con.. 13 15 i Savage 16 17
Confidence 61 66; Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va-.l 55 1 60'Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 j Sierra Nevada.. 31 32
Con New York. — 02. Silver Hill 33 36
Eureka Con — BOi St Louis '. — 12
Crown Point.... 03 10. Standard 4 00 4 10
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — ft?
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Union Con 21 2.1
Ha'e & Norcrs. 2i 30jUtah 13 15
Julia 01 02'YeHow Jacket.. 13 15
California fruit sold at auction to-day: Peaches
—Alexanders, box. 95c@»l 80, average $1 09.
Cherries— Royal Anne, box, $1 05@l 40, average
$1 13. Bigarreau, S2c; Tartarians, 55c@$l 15,
average 89o. One car sold to-day.
BOSTON, June 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Plums — Clymans,
small crates, fl 55@2, average $1 80. Peaches-
Alexanders, box, $1 20@l 55, average $1 30. Apri
cots—Royals, small crates, 95c@$l 30, average
$1 09. Cherries— Royal Anne, box. 75c@$l 55,
average $1 25; Bigarreau, 35c@$l 20, average 35c;
Black Tartarians, 30c!g'$l 30, average 66c. Four
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather-.
NEW YORK, June 16.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Peaches— Alexanders, box,
650®$! 10, average 80c. Apricots — Royals, small
crates, 65c@$l, average 80c. Plums — Clymans,
email crates, 90c@?l 45, average $1 1L Favor
able weather. Seven cars sold to-day.
PITTSBURG, June 16.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Apricots —
Royals, small crates, $1 20. Peaches—Alexand
ers, box, $1 05@l 25. J^herries— Royal Anne, box.
80cg$l 25, average i%\ 07; Tartarians, 25c@$l 10.
average 49c; Bigarreau, 30090c. One car sold
to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 16.-CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Natives— Good to prime steers, $5 1035 75; poor
to medium, $4 50©5; selected feeders, $4 25@5;
mixed stockers, ?3 SOigS; cows, $3@4 60; heifers,
$3 25@5- canners, $2 35@3; bulls, $3®4 50; calves,
$5(5 7. Texas fed eteers, $4 65(35 35; Texas grass
steers, $3 S5@4 40; Texas bulls, $3 15@3 65.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000; top, $5 12Vi. Mixed
butchers'. $4 9E@5 12%: good to choice heavy. Jo
@5 12H - rough heavy. $4 9O@5; light, $4 95@5 12%;
bulk of eales, $5 05©5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Good to choice weth
ers $4 S0ig5 30; fair to choice mixed, $405; West
ern sheep $4 75<3'5 25: yearlings, $5 50@5 90; na
tive lambs. $5(?fC SO; Western lambs, $636 &5;
eprlr.j? lambs, J5@7.
Receipts this week. Cattle 47,000, Hog« 153,100,
Sheep 62,200; receipts last week. Cattle 43,400,
Hogs 169,000, Sheep £6,800.
Imports and Exports at New York.
NEW YORK. June 18.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
Tork for this j week were valued at $8,243,585.
Imports of epecle this week were $28,592 gold
and J37L518 silver.
Exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this week aggregate $349,
015 silver bars and coin and. $3,570,BS5 gold.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 16.— Consols. 101 11-18; silver,
27 11-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 4"M:c; cargoes on
passage, easier, neglected; English country
markets, quiet. 'JJzL
LIVERPOOL Juno 16. — Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s" 2d®6s 3d; wheat in
Parle, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Upends, 5 S-32d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 18.— Clearing*. $314,175;
balances. $73,261.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON".
PORTLAND, June 16.— WHEAT — Steady,
with pood demand: Walla Walla, 543-550; val
ley, 64Q"54Hc; blueatem, 57c. x
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 16.— WHEAT— Market steady
and prices unchanged; bluestem, 65Hc; club,
63V4c. *
$1@1 25; Goslings, $1@1 25: Ducks. $3 E0@5 for
old and {3 S0®5 for young: Hens, t*Q5; young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, ?3 50@4; Fryers.
$3 50@4; Broilers, |3@3 50 foi large and $1750
2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 E0@l 75 per dozen for
old and $1@1 25 for Squabs.
GAME— fi'cminal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs have weakened and can be- bought
lower. Butter is also topheavy, with holders
letting go at a fractional decline. There is no
change in Cheese. Receipts of Butter are ex
pected to. increase, as packing has been dis
continued since the recent advance, and East
ern Butter Is on the way here.
Btm kk-
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, Hjf20o; seconds,
1S®1S%C.
Dairy— Fancy. ISc; good to choice, 16^317^4o:
common, 14313c.
CHEESE-rNew. 8®9c: Young America. 90
9%c- Eastern. ie@17c: "Western. 13J?16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14Q15HC for store and 17@
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15%@16c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners continue to take Plums and Aprl
cots in liberal quantities, and prices are steady
In spite of free receipts. "Peaches were firmer
yesterday under light arrival! and a good de
mand. Stocks of Apples were excessive and
they were weak. Figs continued in l&rgs sup
ply and slow of sale.
Berries did not make the usual Saturday ad
vance, arrivals being too heavy.
Large fine Mexican Llme^ will bring the top
quotation.
The placing of the State under quarantine
has caused the liveliest apprehension among
fruit merchants, as a general cessation of ship
ments to the East is feared. Thi3 would be a
serious blow to the whole State.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 25@75c per box and crate for
Royals; in baskets. 20® 35c; in bulk. $20@40 per
ton to the trade and $IO@2O to the canners.
APPLES— 12%©40c per basket and 23®75o for
Red Astrachans, large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxes, 15@25c per
box; in baskets. 15©25c.
PLUMS— 20950c per box and crate and lO^zao
per basket: in bulk. XWQla per ton: Cherry
Plums, 10$?20o for drawers and 10®30c for boxes;
Tragedy Prunes, 50'5'75c per crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50<g3 SO per chest for
large and J3Q6 for small berries.
UOOSEBLKKIES— l&i&"3*sc per lb for com
men.
KASPBEHRIES— S3<i?5 per chest.
DI-ACKBERRIES- J31?5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $426 per cheat.
CURRANTS— J2 5d(ff4 per chest.
FIGS— Per box, 25040c for single and 50375o
for double layers. '.__,
PEACHES — iO®75c per box and 50®75» per
basket.
OR A PEP— From Yuma. $2 per crate.
CHERRIES— 25®40c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 40®(J0c. In bulk,.2£Q4%c for black and
3(S5c for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllngs. 75c@Jl 50: Med
iterranean Sweets. $1 25:^2; \ alencias, $2®2 7o;
Lemons *l«W SO tor common ana J2®2 50 for
rood to 'choice; Mexican Limes, $4S5: Bananas,
?1 5Ci@3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50.^4 per
dozen. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market shows no change whatever. What
effect the quarantine will have remains to be
teen.
DRIED FRUITS — Old crop — Prunes, Jn sacks,
40434G * or 40- 50>s - 3%f5:3s;e for 50-60' s. 3%@3V4o for
60-70' s, Z'QVka for 70-80' s, 2% "33c for 80-90' s and
2 5^2»ic for'w-lOO's. Peaches. 4V4@4?ic for Stand
ards 5c for choice and BVi'SCc for fancy; Peeled
Peaches 10ffil2Vsc: Evaporated Apples. 6%@6c:
iun-clrled 3«4c per lb; Pears. 3H@4Hc for dark
and 70Sc fcr bright halves; Black Figs, l%@2c;
Wh'te Figs. 2«3C! Bleached Plums, 7%c: Un
bleached Plums, Cc for pitted and l£c for un-
P NEW CROP— Apricots, 7%e per lb hero and
7c In the country.
jt \ISINS — Bleached Thompson s fancy, per
lb 10c* chClce. 9c; standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb, SV>c: choice, V, ic; standard, 6&c;
crime 5c; unbleached Sultanas, oc; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. Sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 6Uc;
S-crowif 6*ic; 4-crown, 7c; London' Layers, 2
crown $1 SO per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Cluster" \-: Dehesa, J! 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NOTE—^falirat«, fW9c for Standards and 9®
10c for portshells; Almonds, HHt?12c for paper
phell 9<??10c for soft and 4"55c for hardshell;
Peanut* 5*4'ST<»*ic for Eastern an1 5c for Califor
nia- Brazil "Nuts, "ViftSc; Filbfrts, U®12Hc;
Pecans Ilftl3c; Cocoanuts, (4 50(35.
HONEY— Comb, 12i4®13c for bright and lit*
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 7hi<3
Trie; light amber extracted, 8%®7c; dark, 6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24§:6c per lb.
Provisions.
The week closed on a dull and featureless
market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10®10%e per lb for
heavy. 10U@10%o for light medium, ll?ic for
light. 12 l /4c for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl: extra Mess, $13: Family,
$14: extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear. $19;
Mess. $16 60: Smoked Beef, 12*4®13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SV4c for pure: half -barrels, pure,
Mic- 10-lh tins. 9Hc; 5-!b tins, 9*ic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S%0S%c per lb; half
barrels. SKSSftc: 10-lb tins, 9^c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Everything under this head Is weak, and the
Quarantine of the State bids fair to further de
moralize the markets by stopping shipments.
HIDES AND SKINS — Cull3 and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8Hc; Cowhides.
8%f9c: Stags, 6Vic; Salted* Kip, 8>4c; Calf,
9U,c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands.
14c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, Shearlings, 20330c each; short Wool. 35@
60c each; medium, 70-t?90c: long Wool, $1@1 25
each; Horse Hides, U 7."WT2 for large ahd 75c®
$1 25 for small; Colts. 25*f50c. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 3~hi<Si0c: fall or medium
skins, ¦32Vi'S3Sc: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
pkins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2,
Sc: refined, 6M.-c; grease, 2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip i Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15@16c; Northern defective, 13
filEc; Middle County, free, 15<gl7c: Middle
County, defective, 13K15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12913c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months'. 11913c; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months'. 10® 12c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 174?19c; Nea-ada, 14@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at Cfflic per lb; new, lOo.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef is a fraction lower and weak. Mutton
is higher. The scarcity in Hogs continues and
prices are as firm as ever.
BEEF— 5©"6Uc per lb for fair to cholca.
VEAL-Larse, 6Q!7^o: small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc; ewes, 7@7%o per
pound. \
LAMB— Spring, S%@9o per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 5»i"S5%e for
medium and 5H@5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 6Hc; dressed Hogs, 7O?c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, 15 65; Calcutta
Grain Bacs, «Hc; Wool Bags, 2S%@32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton: new Welling
ton. *S; fiouthfleld Wellington, $8; Seattle, $«;
Bryant $6: Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. 18; Co
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland, 112 In bulk
and |i3 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
I'K" |14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, 116 per
ton 'in bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Sprinss. $?» 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed, o.bOc; Pow
dered B.40c; Candy Granulated, 5.40c; Pry
Granulated. 5.30c; Confectioners' A, 6.30c;
Macnolla A, 4.90c; Extra C, 4.80c; Golden C.
4 70c- barrels 10c more; half-barrel^, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; SO-lb hags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dcminr*. half -barrel*. 6.05c; boxes, 6.30c per lb.
CANNED FRUITS-rThe Associated Canners
have announced prices for 1900 goods. The
range Is about tho eame as last year. Stand
ard \pricots are 10c lower, yellow free Peaches
Ec lower. Lemon Cling Peaches 10c lower. Bart
lett Penrs 10c higher. Plums 15c higher. Extras
in 2Vz-lb tins are quoted as follows: AEricots.
$1 50 for unpeeled, $1 85 for peeled and tl 95
for peeled and sliced; Blackberries, $1 60; Cher
ries, $1 75 for black, Jl 85 for white and J2 for
Royal Anno: Currants, $1 75: Gooseberries, $1 65;
Grapes $1 35; Nectarines, $1 60: Peaches. $1 65®
II 75- Pears. $1 75; Plums, $1 35J21 40; Quinces,
$1 65; Raspberries, $1 83; Strawberries, $1 75.
OILS— Following are new quotations: Min
eral Seal Oil— Bulk (iron bbls or drums). 19c per
gallon: wood* bbls, JHiC per gallon; cases. 25c
per gallon. Mineral Sperm Oil— Cases, 26c per
gallon.
Receipts of Produce.
' FOB SATURDAY, JUNE 18.
Flour qr sks..... 6.6D0|Hay. tons 423
Wheat, ctls 870 Straw, tons 16
Barley, ctls 4S0|Wool, bales 2
Butter, ctls 285! Wine, pals 44,450
Cheese, ctla 8 -Lime, bbls 332
Oats, ctls 1.4-W Sugar, bbl3 265
Corn ctls <¦•» leather, rolls.... H5
Tallow, ctls 31» Hides, No.. 453
Potntoes, sks 2,972 Pe!ta, bdls 180
Onions, sks....... 425 Chicory, bbls 67
Bran, ska •••• •"''
OREGON.
Flour, ox oka 1.020 "Wool, bales 9
Bran, sks 1.45S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Skipping Intelligence.
CALX. CALENDAR.
Chicago Grain Market.
Flow of Rivers.
31
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. 3. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL,
June IS. 1300.
The time ball on the. tower of the new Perry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the IJOth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 3. N.. In charge.
TO SAIL.
ARTICLES
|R»oelpts.| Bhlp^mt*.
flour, barrels k 16.000 10 000
.Vheat. buahela • B5.000 4,000
?orn, bushela 601,000 ?72,000
)ats, bushels 82S.00O 261,000
-lye, bushels 2,000 1,000
3arley. bushels g,000 12,000
ARTICLES. I Open. I High.) Low. I Close.
Wheat No. t —
June 74%
July 75 76*4 74% 75%
August 75% 76'i 75Vi 76
Corn No. 2—
June 39% 33S 33 39%
July 3S% 3»% 39 29.» 8
August 39% 40 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
Juna 22% 22% . 22% 22%
July 22% 23 * 22% 23
August 22H 22tt 22V4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 1135 1150 1130 1150
September 1160 1167^11*5 U 67V6
Lar<L per 100 lbs —
July „ 6 «0 8 70 6 60 6 70
September 6 67% 6 77% 6 67% 6 77%
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
July « 60 6 70 6 60 8 70
September 6 65 6 75 6 65 6 75
June,
1S0O.
S. j M. l*r. IW. I T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 2 -jk First Quarter,
3* June 4.
'
Full Moon.
June 12.
10 11 12
13
u i
17 IS
24 25
19 20
26 27
21 22 23 C£
23 » 30 A
Last Quarter.
June 19. -
New Moon.
June 28.
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
[Second Ft. I I
DATE. Mn'sCo. Turlock Tot'l
1839 1S0O CanaL Canal. 1900
une 3 3S54 7070 24 139 7233
une 4.. 4319 €415 2« 139 657S
une 6 77-U 7070 24 139 7233
une 6 8024 7400 24 133 7363
une 7 9024. 8040 S4 1J9 S2C3
une 8 870* 8680 24 139 8843
une 9 S664 7400 24 133 7563
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.~
I Second Feet.
,
1S39. 1900.
. |
June S 3€20 7334
June 4 3620 7090
June 5 4175 6S30
June 6.... S85O K70
June 7 7354 8146
June 8 761S 8410
June 9 8410 8674
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALQ
. I Second Feet.
DATE. x .
1S39. 1300.
June 3 25«O 2360
June 4 2670 2785
June 5 2560 2450
June 6 3500 2 "0
June 7 3260 27S5
June 8 3265 2670
June » 8260 8020
S-ACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
I Second Feet.
.
1S39. I 1900.
June 8 8350 €030
June 4 7S00 6030
June 6 7330 5810
June 6 7265 5<U0
June 7 6750 5590
June 8 &0O C'.-'J
June 9 6265 E3S0
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
, DATE. 1 ,
| 1S39. 1300.
May 27 3760 8200
May 23 46S0 S200
May 29 4S70 7300
May 30 4680 iSCO
May 31 3760 SSOO
June 1 4S7O 7600
June 1 4530 TaCO
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
— — _ . g e<;on( j p eet>
DATE. . I 1
I 1839. 1 1300.
June 8 «30 7040
June 4 »20 TOW
June 6 E322 «730
June S 8SC0 67S0
June 7 «00 67S0
June 8 i". 8800 6320
June 9 940O 5714
J U
Son rises...
Sun sets
Uocn rises.
~ jTlmel
5§ iT^!
Irae!
i
Ft.
¦ne
•-t.
17 ... 1:471
.S ... 2. -a*!
3 ... *:C»'
:o ... 6-3o;
I M i !
: 4.4 1 H
i 4.3 i:
8:27i
9:13
10:051
11.00
0
0
t
1
I:
4:
5:
5:
m
t2 !
•1
5.4
i.a
5.<
5.S
2.1
*" i. wl
t TB
fe,
'¦m
!1 ... 0:29!
!3 ... 1:32:
! 0.91 t
! 0.2! !
6-521
8:lli
4
4
11:
12
6:
7:
* .1
«.3
oie&zuer. i x i
Washtenaw . ...JTaeoma. ...
Mackinaw (Seattle
Robt. AdamsonjN'aLnalnio..,
1,'ocs Bay (Newport...
VV*. H. Kruger. 'San Pedro.
no n
me V,
ne li
neVi
ne IS
?
1
<
s
Peru (New Tork.
Dcrio iChtna and
Japan
Australia {Honolulu..
State of Cal [Portland...
Del Nort» ~ ! Portland...
.. Jui
me t:
Emdre Coos Bay..
empire ......... {v^ckjs Day . .
Universe ..jOyster Hai
xbor
Corona (t*an L>ieso.
Orizaba Hurnboldt.
Crescent City... I Crescent O
,ne V.
;n«2(
r.e 2}
LTmatllla Victoria &
; Puffet
Wellington JOyster Hai
rbor....
Bonlta (Newport...
Point Arena,....|Mendoclno.
North Fork [Eureka
Arcata iCoos Bay..
Matteawan .... Tacoma....
Santa Rosa San Dfearo.
.ne 2t
ine 2:
me 2'.
me 2!
me t.
me 2
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.
I Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland June 17, V
Arcata Coo» Bay June 17. t
Xorth ForkJEureka June 17. !
Orizaba Humboldt June 17. I
Bonlta Newport June 17, !
Newburg .. Grays Harbor June 17, .
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [June IS, !
Cityof Paraj New York June H. K
Ham!
12 m 1
9 am
2 pan:
9 am
2 pml
12 m
i.'Pter 24
ilPler 13
iiP!er 1
liPler 9
i ' Pier 11
i Pier"?
i PMS3
Santa Rosa San Diefro [June IS. 1
Krufrer lTl'.!amook I June 1*. V
Carlisle CtyjChina&Japan|June I?, li
11 am
12 m
li) am
i'Pier 11
I'Pler 8
ii Pier 27
Wai. Walla: Vic & Pgt Sd.jJune 20. 1
Coos Bay...iXewp°rt i June 20, !
Del Norte...JCoo9 Bay June 21, I
9 am
8 am
Corona (San Dieco [June 22. l:
State of CallPortland [June's:, l:
China (Chira & Japan, June 22. ..
i.Pler 11
i Pier 24
IPilSS
ARTICLES
|R»oelpts.| Bhlp^mt*.
flour, barrels k 16.000 10 000
.Vheat. buahela • B5.000 4,000
?orn, bushela 601,000 ?72,000
)ats, bushels 82S.00O 261,000
-lye, bushels 2,000 1,000
3arley. bushels g,000 12,000
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
[Second Ft. I I
DATE. Mn'sCo. Turlock Tot'l
1839 1S0O CanaL Canal. 1900
une 3 3S54 7070 24 139 7233
une 4.. 4319 €415 2« 139 657S
une 6 77-U 7070 24 139 7233
une 6 8024 7400 24 133 7363
une 7 9024. 8040 S4 1J9 S2C3
une 8 870* 8680 24 139 8843
une 9 S664 7400 24 133 7563
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.~
I Second Feet.
,
1S39. 1900.
. |
June S 3€20 7334
June 4 3620 7090
June 5 4175 6S30
June 6.... S85O K70
June 7 7354 8146
June 8 761S 8410
June 9 8410 8674
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALQ
. I Second Feet.
DATE. x .
1S39. 1300.
June 3 25«O 2360
June 4 2670 2785
June 5 2560 2450
June 6 3500 2 "0
June 7 3260 27S5
June 8 3265 2670
June » 8260 8020
S-ACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
I Second Feet.
.
1S39. I 1900.
June 8 8350 €030
June 4 7S00 6030
June 6 7330 5810
June 6 7265 5<U0
June 7 6750 5590
June 8 &0O C'.-'J
June 9 6265 E3S0
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
, DATE. 1 ,
| 1S39. 1300.
May 27 3760 8200
May 23 46S0 S200
May 29 4S70 7300
May 30 4680 iSCO
May 31 3760 SSOO
June 1 4S7O 7600
June 1 4530 TaCO
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
— — _ . g e<;on( j p eet>
DATE. . I 1
I 1839. 1 1300.
June 8 «30 7040
June 4 »20 TOW
June 6 E322 «730
June S 8SC0 67S0
June 7 «00 67S0
June 8 i". 8800 6320
June 9 940O 5714
ARTICLES. I Open. I High.) Low. I Close.
Wheat No. t —
June 74%
July 75 76*4 74% 75%
August 75% 76'i 75Vi 76
Corn No. 2—
June 39% 33S 33 39%
July 3S% 3»% 39 29.» 8
August 39% 40 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
Juna 22% 22% . 22% 22%
July 22% 23 * 22% 23
August 22H 22tt 22V4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 1135 1150 1130 1150
September 1160 1167^11*5 U 67V6
Lar<L per 100 lbs —
July „ 6 «0 8 70 6 60 6 70
September 6 67% 6 77% 6 67% 6 77%
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
July « 60 6 70 6 60 8 70
September 6 65 6 75 6 65 6 75
June,
1S0O.
S. j M. l*r. IW. I T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 2 -jk First Quarter,
3* June 4.
'
Full Moon.
June 12.
10 11 12
13
u i
17 IS
24 25
19 20
26 27
21 22 23 C£
23 » 30 A
Last Quarter.
June 19. -
New Moon.
June 28.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.
I Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland June 17, V
Arcata Coo» Bay June 17. t
Xorth ForkJEureka June 17. !
Orizaba Humboldt June 17. I
Bonlta Newport June 17, !
Newburg .. Grays Harbor June 17, .
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [June IS, !
Cityof Paraj New York June H. K
Ham!
12 m 1
9 am
2 pan:
9 am
2 pml
12 m
i.'Pter 24
ilPler 13
iiP!er 1
liPler 9
i ' Pier 11
i Pier"?
i PMS3
Santa Rosa San Diefro [June IS. 1
Krufrer lTl'.!amook I June 1*. V
Carlisle CtyjChina&Japan|June I?, li
11 am
12 m
li) am
i'Pier 11
I'Pler 8
ii Pier 27
Wai. Walla: Vic & Pgt Sd.jJune 20. 1
Coos Bay...iXewp°rt i June 20, !
Del Norte...JCoo9 Bay June 21, I
9 am
8 am
Corona (San Dieco [June 22. l:
State of CallPortland [June's:, l:
China (Chira & Japan, June 22. ..
i.Pler 11
i Pier 24
IPilSS
oie&zuer. i x i
Washtenaw . ...JTaeoma. ...
Mackinaw (Seattle
Robt. AdamsonjN'aLnalnio..,
1,'ocs Bay (Newport...
VV*. H. Kruger. 'San Pedro.
no n
me V,
ne li
neVi
ne IS
?
1
<
s
Peru (New Tork.
Dcrio iChtna and
Japan
Australia {Honolulu..
State of Cal [Portland...
Del Nort» ~ ! Portland...
.. Jui
me t:
Emdre Coos Bay..
empire ......... {v^ckjs Day . .
Universe ..jOyster Hai
xbor
Corona (t*an L>ieso.
Orizaba Hurnboldt.
Crescent City... I Crescent O
,ne V.
;n«2(
r.e 2}
LTmatllla Victoria &
; Puffet
Wellington JOyster Hai
rbor....
Bonlta (Newport...
Point Arena,....|Mendoclno.
North Fork [Eureka
Arcata iCoos Bay..
Matteawan .... Tacoma....
Santa Rosa San Dfearo.
.ne 2t
ine 2:
me 2'.
me 2!
me t.
me 2
J U
Son rises...
Sun sets
Uocn rises.
~ jTlmel
5§ iT^!
Irae!
i
Ft.
¦ne
•-t.
17 ... 1:471
.S ... 2. -a*!
3 ... *:C»'
:o ... 6-3o;
I M i !
: 4.4 1 H
i 4.3 i:
8:27i
9:13
10:051
11.00
0
0
t
1
I:
4:
5:
5:
m
t2 !
•1
5.4
i.a
5.<
5.S
2.1
*" i. wl
t TB
fe,
'¦m
!1 ... 0:29!
!3 ... 1:32:
! 0.91 t
! 0.2! !
6-521
8:lli
4
4
11:
12
6:
7:
* .1
«.3
CRIFFLE CREEK ILLUSTRATED!
A «^eat volume. JTTST OUT. Nearly 100 pho-
to-engravlngs of gold mining scenes; also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill ore produced, dividend?, etc. ABSO-
LUTELY DISINTERESTED. The edition cost
11.000 to Issue. To introduce our but illus-
trated weekly family paper (founded l<30> we
will send you a copy of "CRIPPLE CREEK
ILLUSTRATED" and oar paper 13 week3 on
trial for 25c. Clubs of 5. $1. Stamps taken.
Latest mining news and Western stories. Refer
to the editor of this paper. Address
ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY, D«nvw, Colo,
AUCTION SALES
TWO CARLOADS
FtNE HORSES!
Young, gentle and well broken. Some excel-
lent LIVEKY TEAMS in the bunch. Will be
sold cheap.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
7!M Howard «t-This i« a rather positive statement and
tuu been the Bible of lex loci marriage
law for many ages. "IxK>k to this. Judge
Jif'lcher," the lawyers, with their anxious
«-:i«?nt!=, aro phoutinp. Then, apaln, as a
l)it of cheese and blac^ coffee to their
l^eral feast, they quote section C3 of the
<!vi! Code, which reads as follows: "All
ii/arri.-ipr-s contractr-d without the State
whtrh would be valid by the laws of the
country in whi^h the same were con
tracted are valid in this State."
Kver y'.nee Jucge Belcher took It upon
himself to declare that marriages solemn.
ized in Nevada between parties, one or
both of whem was or were divorced
•within the year limit set by California
Ftatute against subsequent marriage, are
illegal there has been a hornet's nest
buzzing in the law offices of San Fran
cisco. Had the Judge started out to make
bue:r>ess for the attorneys of San I'ran
cis-co he could have hit upon no more suc
cessful plan. Couple after couple, tied by
th<? bonds of matrimony in Nevada's
<ourts for the pole purpose of evading
the voar's restriction, has been locking
v:p attorney* for advice. The consensus
01 professional opinion on this mattei
?(*ms to be against the learned Judge
and In favor of the parties who hied
across the border to put an «'nd to the
JjJSs'tful or otherwise single state.
In an opinion written for The Call in
1SS7 on "high-seas marriages." among
other things «x-Jud:?e W. L. Pierce givei
vent to th«? following well defined and un
deniable postulates of law. . Quoting from
J?ishop's "Marriage ard Divorce." section
Ht8 nnii Bishop is an authority who
Hands pre-emirf>nt on the subject— the
Judge says: "The general principle has
beep Fettled 5n the absence of any local
Ftatuto compelling the courts to violate
a fun'Iampmal principle of private or in-
u rrmional law that a marriage valid by
the l^w of the emir.try in which it is cele- 1
Vrrited. though the parties e<'mractir.£r are 1
t>ut transient persons, thoiigh it would be j
-Invalid entered Into unt>r the same for- 1
rnalities in the ptace of their domicile and I
even though contracted in express evasion |
of their own laws, is good elsewhere. Were I
the rule otherwise marriage would lose 1
its protection under the law of nations, j
and then one country holding parties to 1
be married in one way and another In ar.- j
mhor. a man having one lawful wife in
fonritcticut. another in New York and so
nn of nil ihe States, ar.d then another in
England and another in France we should j
have an international polygamy more de
testable than any purely municipal one
I ewr known."
Hx-Superior Judge Pierce of
San Diego on the
Law.
General Opinion That Judge
Belchers Decision Will
Not Stand
• • —
Extracts From an Article Written by
NEVADA MARRIED
COUPLES HASTEN
TO THE LAWYERS
Stephen M. "v\Tiite was unanimously
elected chairman of the California dele
! gation to the Democratic National Con
| ver.tion. to be held in Kansas City next
i month, yesterday. The nomination was
1 made by M. F. Tarpey and no other name
I was mentioned. The result of the vote
was greeted with applause. The delegation
was called to order in the California Hotel
; to make arrangements. The principal
business after the election of a chairman
j was to arrange for the trip to Kansas
j City, and in this connection the main sub
j jc-ct of discussion was the selection of a
i route. All the railway lines leading to
; Kansas City had representatives in the
lobbies of the hotel, and they were by in-
I vitation also present during the earlier
part of the meeting, when they submitted
! proposals for transporting the delegates
j The route finally decided upon is as fol
j lows: Central Pacific to Ogden. Denver
! and Rio Grande Western and Denver and
! Rio Grande to Denver. Santa P> from
; Denver to Kansas City. The delegates
1 will select their own routes for the return
' trip, as they will r.ot come back in a bodv.
i The delegates were polled of the choice of
route to take from Ogden, and the result
was a tie. Curtis Hillver changed hit;
vote Rnd that gave the choice to the Den
ver and Rio Grande route. The delegates
: will start June 29 in special cars. It was
1 decided not to name a secretary until the
i delegates are on the train.
The meeting was presided over by Ste
; phen M. Whit<?. L. McCabe acted as sec
; retary. The delegates present were: At
j large— Stephen M. White. James G. Ma
gulre. M. F. Tarpey and J. D. Phelan.
District delegates— James A. Keyes. Frank
I Freeman. Charles Edelman, Curtis Hill
| yer. J. H. Henry, M. Jasper McDonald
I R. F. del Valle. H. A. Jastro. Alternates—
I Oscar Hocks, Charles Toppman, William
Denman and J. F. Farraher.
Charles Kdelman. James G. Maguire and
M. F. Tarpey were appointed a committee
to make all necessary arrangements for
I the comfort and convenience of the dele
j gates. This will include the providing of
wines and other articles with which to
j keep open house after the California fash
j ion at Kansas City. The committee was
; given authority to change the route if the
! roads selected should not accommodate
; the party with what is found to be neces
', sary — possibly an extra car. !
; A" telegram was received from the Utah
i delegation inviting the Californians to ac-
I companv the men from Utah to Kansas
! City. The selection of the route prevents
i the acceptance of the invitation, as the
I Utah delegates have arranged to go by
i the Union Pacific. Mavor Phelan was |
I made treasurer of the committee on ar- I
: rar.grments.
I National Commltteeman Dwyer reported
Will Go East in Special Cars and Will
Open House While at
the Big Gath- '
ering.
California Democrats Plan
lor Their National
Convention.
WHITE TO HEAD
THE DELEGATION
TO KANSAS CITV
The many friends of Joseph Goddard,
Chief Deputy County Clerk, will be sur
prised to learn that he has been united
in marriage to Miss Annie Smith, daugh
ter of Captain Frank Smith. The mar
riage was a quiet affair, owing to the 111
ness-of the groom's mother, who is resid
ing at his home.
Joseph Goddard Quietly Weds.
An Illustrated lecture will be given to
morrow night at the Academy of Sciences
Hall by C. H. Townsend of the United
States Fish Commission on "Modern Deep
Sea Exploration." Tho views illustrating
the lecture were taken by Mr. Townsend
during the time he was naturalist on
board tho United States steamship Al
batross.
To Lecture on Deep Sea.
placed in the vault at the Mount Tamal
pais Cemetery".
The American corn kitchen at Paris will
be in charge of a colored woman trained
as a cook In Maryland.
Mrs. Hayes has beeii in the habit of
using Hsterine as a m#uth wash and last
evening took down a bottle of carbolic
acid from a shelf by mistake. She pre
pared a mixture of the acid and swal
lowed some of It. Dr. R. H. Orr was
called, but the lady died in a short time.
She was the wife of James Hayes, a floor
walker in a local dry goods house.
A- report of the death of Mrs. Annie
Hayes, who resided at 2I1S Howard street.
was made to the Morgue last night. The
lady came to her death from carbolic acid
poisoning. The poison is supposed to have
been taken accidentally.
Took Poison by Mistake.
1000 pairs of ladles*, misses'- and chil
dren's shoes in tan and black, worth from
SI 50 to $4 CO, will be sold to-morrow for
50c a pair. Also ties are In this lot. at
the shoe sale of the Boston Shoe Co., 775
Market street. . •
To-Moirow, Not To-Day,
Deeds Blythe Property Away and a
Suit to Quiet Title
Follows.
Alice Edith Dickason Brahmsteafl haa
sought to reopen the whole Blythe rase bv
a suit which she caused to be brought In
the Superior Court yesterday. The suit l-i
brought directly by Hiram A. Unruh. who
was at one time manager for E. J. Bald
win. He sues to quiet title to certain
property deeded to him by Alice Edith.
The defendant is Mrs. Florence Blythe-
Hinckley-Moore. The property the titlo
of which he wishes quieted la part of tha
Blvthe estate.
Just before the filing of tho suit twn
deeds were filed In the Recorder's office.
One was from Alice Edith to con
veying to him. for $1. the pronerty he de
scribes in the complaint. The other Is
from E. J. Baldwin, conveying the same
f>roperty to Unnih. or at least Baldwin' 1 *
merest In It. He loaned money on it.
and to that extent Is Interested.
ALICE EDITH WOULD
REOPEN BLYTHE CASE
Cook & Sons to keep me going. I don't
like to be made a fool of and want that
blackguard punished. I am sorry I can't
stay here to prosecute him in person, as
I must return to London in six weeks,
but I am willing to do anything to that
end while I am here."
SAILED AWAY FROM
HIS FILIPINO LADY
Bandolph H. Berens, the English
Tourist, Anxiour to See Him
Punished.
Randolph II. Berens, the English tour
ist who is a Ruest at the Palace Hotel,
nnd was a victim of bunko men. swore to
a complaint In Judge Conlan's court yes
tenTay for the arrest of George Brown,
alias "the Kid." on a charge of grand
larceny. r?rown was booked at the City
Prison on the charge.
As Berens must leave the city Tuesday,
It was at first decided to charge Brown
with petty larceny for stealing $10 from
the Londoner, so that he might get at
least kIx months In the County Jail, but
ex-Judge Graham, who represented
Brown, asked for a continuance till
Wednesday, and failing to get that he
demanded a trial by jury. The Judge re
fused to grant the continuance, as Berens
would be out of the city Wednesday. It
was then decided by the prosecution to
Ret Berens io swear to the complaint
charging Brown with grand larceny for
stealing a check for £20 from him.
¦ "I was stranded." said Berens In court,
"when I arrived on the shores of your
beautiful Golden West, as the postal au
thorities had returned a letter containing
a draft . for, £100 which had been sent to
me here, and I had to borrow £5 from
"KID" BROWN BOOKED
• FOR GRAND LARCENY
Information of no small importance was
received yesterday fram Washington by
Congressman Julius Kahn. It was in sub
stance that hereafter the Government
will allow the shoe manufacturers of San
Francisco and California to compete
for army s=hoe contracts. During the
war with Spain only "rush" orders of
the most pressing nature were filled by
local dealers, the supplies in footwear
coming from the East. Western makers
protested and the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association took up the fight,
representing that as good shoes can be
furnished by Western factories as by
thos*e in the Kast. However, the purchas-
Vng agents for the army paid but little
attention to the demand from the Pacific,
passing the matter by saying that the
particular quality of russet and black
leather was not made here, etc. '
Neither the association nor the manu
facturers would drop the matter, hut cor
responded with the Pacific Coast repre
sentatives at Washington, saying that if
Western contractors would be given a
chance to bid. any quality, quantity and
prade of footwear would be furnished.
Congressman Kahn was among the most
enthusiastic champions of -tho manufac
turers and held a number of interviews
with Quartermaster General Ludington.
Soon after returning Mr. Kahn recalled
the subject by wire, and yesterday he re
ceived the following dispatch from the
quartermaster general:
"In connection with proposition for
Eastern purchases, bids for black and
russet for San Francisco delivery are
about to be Invited at Ran Francisco."
Congressman Kahn immediately called
upon a number of the larger shoe manu
facturers and informed them that the
Eastern monopoly In furnishing shoes for
the army had been broken and that the
uestern makers would now be given ah
equal chanco.
Congressman Kahn Recsives Infor
mation From Washington That
the Fight for Recognition
Has Been /Won.
Western Manufacturers May
• Bid for Supplying the
Army.
EAST NO LONGER
TO MONOPOLIZE
SHOE CONTRACTS
Assistant Engineer Blackburn
was the most favored of the
Grant's crew. The belle of Manila
called upon him and when the ship
was ordered home she could hard
ly be. persuaded to go ashore. The
captain's yeoman Is no mean ar
tist and h«j made th!s sketch of
Ulackburn's Filipino lady as she
appeared at the parapit at Cavite
as the Grant steamed out. of the
bay.
THE United States army
transport Grant did not re
main long In Manila Flay,
but nevertheless there were
many renewing of old acquain
tances when the ship dropped an
chor there. Hardly a member of
the engineers* department but had
his '•Filipino lady." and every 0110
of them was out In the "casco" to
welcome the transport back to
Manila,
THE FILIPINO ARIADNE
From a Sketch by the Yeoman of the Grant
THE SAN FRAXClbUU t!ALL, SUJNJJAX, eJUiNJb: i<, ±vuo.
JOHN COOrER and Mrs. Ellen Bachman pr.Joy the distinction of being the
first couplo affected by Judge Belcher's famous decision on Nevada mar
riaprs of California divorcees to observe the letter of the law as laid down
by th<» San Francisco jurist, and to prefer his fashion of nuptial knots to
those tied by a Reno minister.
Cooper and the lady who since July. 1 C 5S. had suffixed his r.ame to that by
¦which she had been previously known, secured a ticket from Cupid Danforth
yesterday and then soupht Justice of the Peace Kerrigan, in whose presence they
once more took each other for better or for worse. It was necessarily a hasty
nuptial, for which no cards were Issued, and it Is safe to wager that the cere
mony will not be followed by a bridal tour.
The lady who twice gave her heart and hand to John Cooper was divorced
from Frederick Bachman on May 12. 1838, or which date the court decreed she
«ru no lonpror ropponsib'e for Frederick's buttonless shirts, etc. On July 11 of
thr rame rear the Reno minister gave Cooper's wardrobe into her keeping.
Everything went well, as far as records go. until Belcher rendered his famous
decision. Then the Reno-made pair decided not to take any chances. They had
made haste before and. according to the ma-xlm. there "was a waste — $7— $2 for
the license and $0 for the Judge— premium demanded for making loving hearts
one.
MARRIED AGAIN SO AS
TO BE ON SAFE SIDE
The funeral of William G. Curtis, who
for many years was chief engineer of
mainter.ance of way for the Southern Pa
cific Company, will take place from the
Kpiscopal church in Snn Rafael this af
ternoon at 3 o'clock. The body will be
Will Be Buried at San Rafael.
that he had secured options on a Parlor
and two adjoining small rooms in the
Coates* Hot.se in Kansas City. The par or
will cost 550 per day and the smalor
rooms $20 per day each He was instruct
ed to engage them for the delegation. The
total expense of the delegation was fixed
on the basis of a contribution of $100 from
each delegate at large, $50 for each dis
trict delegate and $23 for each alternate.
32
0©»00©30000«»©00000©0000000P©0©0©0©099«©0«0»eO
• SUMMER I
I •oUL/JDAilAi \\Jfu unAJu™ I
I •
5 nm ncM pate •
o •
S 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET- |
| SECOND WEEK I |
9 Judging by the vast crowds that have visited ©
our mammoth establishment during last week, •
g and bought liberally, we are convinced that O
9 our bargains were appreciated. •
I STILL DEEPER CUT IN PRICES I
3 WAY BELOW COMPETITION.... "%
© O
| TAILOR-MADE SUITS. JACKETS. |
© . LADIES' MELTON SUITS in black and BLt*E GRAY MELTON JACKETS. ©
A navy, throushout lined. Repu- <I?Q.95 throughout lined. Value U; C I »¦"» C±
2 lar price $6 50; at...... »PO at O" J?
A ALL-WOOL GRAT ' HOMKSPtIM TAIL- XAV TO\-ERT JACKET*? n»-w O
© »^ M - Re8Ular pr ' lce 82 ? 5 I
© percallne. Splendid value for Cy|.95 " w O
O ,10; EXTRA SPECIAL at 5>^— xirR - E5?T STTLE JACKETS, high eolter •
•* INVISIBLE CHECK AND BROWN beautifully appliquej. perfect C si •»» ®
O CAMELS' HAIR TAILOR SUITS, perfect flttlng. Keai value at tS iO; at O^ O
0 flttlng, well made. newest C'T--»3 *>
style. Real value J15; at <I> * ¦ q
1 HALF PRICE. SKIRTS ©
«3 All our finest NOVELTY SUITS at UIVIIIIUi ~
g HALF FORMER PRICES. ALL-WOOL CHECKED PLAID DRESS £»
tt All garments offered in this sale arc of gKI H TS i. r 5 cod v linln S- Former price a
S this season's productions. *•»• ?•• ?* M - the '°t to close C0-95 g
• "* ~ " Q
O CVTD1 Cnrnill I fl-re wool udies- cloth skirts q
• EXTRA SPECIAL! T«\A..*™z.?.)z si^ §
S PIQT7E. Dl'CK AND GRASS LINEN rvTo* at-.tt.™^ ®
• SUITS. SKIRTS % AND SHIRT WAISTS. ££J5 A ££A,h X J T ,P nAlr ANt> ©
• to close at £ OL f ?*> 1RT S- 10 rowa ot ««tchln K . O
M os - li_ n ,, latest »tyle. Real value » 50; Cs±.»S S
5 2oc on tho Dollar. at c>Tr— O
• T 'C O
• ..• WO COOOS EXCHANGED DURING THIS SALE. O
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
EEDROOM— Bedrcora set, 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 prod Wire Spring. 1 coed Top llattrees, 1
Pair Piliows.
PAKIjfUt— 5 j4ece» Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
JJXJfUCC-BOOSI— I Hardwood Extension Table.
KITCHKN -"'Patent Tatle. I No. 7 Stove. 2
j»o <-xtra rhanr* on credtt.
— MAKE YOUIt OWN TERMS. -
FOR $93,
4- torn Furniture
Hale's. 1 Hale's. I Hale's. | Hale's. 1 Hale'3. :
Y men's reliable furnishings. store news. art needle work department. %
) some men probably look upon this as only a store for women the six o'clock store is profuse with value-eivine bab - v P ilIow " !jT1 s of fine cambric neat designs of lace lnser-
I or they would buy all of their furnishings here, the advantages ,. . , • j Hi • * r" U V , V J T u Uon finished wi;h h,-ineh <=U'k cmhrolderv also a silk stitched
their wives find as to style and intrinsic value In goods for the 1 {- 1S "F eK - ana >n aaaition to the sales recorded here rut n e sold resularly bv u « »1 tim ?X£ * ' =u)c
hcrr.e or dress they would also discover in men's wear. there is one on linens, bedding, cotton shaker flan- odd lot of fine linendo flies' Ikt M?en"S? piece- " -lik "embroidered
:H sizrs are missing, therefore the price Is. shirts or drawers. as also instructs e as to price-saving. iaidr.ua puouc ;i ew . any special design made.
I ? c m^£^^ $; thrwhit^S^ lace curtains and portieres.
¦ k^^^^n^^^^^^^S^^Sk friends now realize that' soon'wf "^1?^ ?he »on B b?» .nche, w,de-
I each «1W model dry K pods establishment of the west, our Salnty de%Tg > n S k rn tt |reln nC r h ed? V b e ru t e hr arrd coSTbina^Io^wloTr^f
% . , . . present_ premises are for rent after September 1st. sreen and salmon, per pair : ana combination coiors^ot
I Wash fabriCS. and will be subdivided to suit, apply to G. H. in ?n^
most people seem to think they set more than full value when Umbsen& Co. 7
M buvine' wash poods here— and that we have the right things. fo V nttle money, ror pair SOUea or torn curtains
"2000 vards red prints-just the thing for children's summer n paIr wnlte swiS5 cottape curtains. 3 ra'ftfs Yo'nic "brVS Yrichea
n dteFses-small patterns in stripes, figures and dots yard..... .oc - 9 1 1 , •, wide, including a 4-inch ruffle, we have them In dow and atriS"
15 pieces checked and striped madras-thls season's oest pat- 1 1| D 1**rir Ht Atf1<in«*^ « !iwr and our P rice is - P er pair tfs
i terns. 27 Inches wide, just the thing for shirtwaists yard .....25c 1 S IH l/lLKcl 8 111 If Bi 111 1 fl II V n - b -~ a »m"ed quantity of above thre* lines Veserve.V for ou^
1 5r adua P UnTand h et-eS n dr^s^ JUVIVWl UJ/^UI lUUUj. °£ { °£°™ P^rons. send your orden, m «rl5^SSi 'Zon'l
] a great assortment no one %,)^vfw|L Ug£ ° ° ° .f^W^^s r^^^^T SkTtefTnT now^o'ain'fy
will have difficulty in pet- *5gX " gWea^ J^FT^^^S "J0St ( ) fe^Rx^f^F^^^ H duced P rice at
taining great value. | <^ — JS -^"^ v ¦ '¦ —"^ " ¦ anc j 55.7-,
small wares sale. in the basement. cluster tucking event.
175 piece? assorted patterns white finishing braid, 6 yards, to m that money saving basement we offer this week: 166 pieces containing 2039 yards beautiful white cluster tuck
piece, per piece •••••• 'C"1''a"''''" " 2 Hrst Quality enameled tea or coftee pot 33c ln ?f» g0 on . sale thi , 3 week - th is is the time of the year when
<3 sets Sinclair comb sets-one pair side combs. and one em- 10 qt flrst quallt enameled preserving kettle 39c hI ,j! goods manufacturers are anxious to clear out everything
i ?"aa?S5^3SS^few£^^2^^k.SE I S»™r T k U SS ? al0U St< ? Ve ', the "*««»»^"-»-» ?he^e fSS. 'foe "^r e Jr t^IT t fnc n he S s eC w r , 1 d n e S
fpa"Afancv round garters, made of silk frilled elastic, with rner gasoll " e ,«°ve perfectly safe J3.93 with cluster tucks In three, four and fit-e rows? on flnV n" InlSSk
metal buckles and satin ribbon bows-red, yellow, pink, blue, . awn mowers, 10-lnch size, full bait bearings J3.00 and lawn these tucklngs suggest handsome and economical
: Ordinal and purple-per pair 25c icecream freezer, "White Mountain," 2 quart ft 10 ""Vt^^Kti ST WeHa^ dell8rhtful fronts and yokes: Sods
576 boxes extra quality "Ilale's Good Goods" brand bone hair Mason Jars, pts. 58c. qts. 60c. 2 qts 95c doz wortn we to J1.00 per >ard: go on sale in one lot at. per yard..3Dc
pj ns _one dozen in a box— per box i 20c Jelly tumblers, tin top, dozen 35c f -;i Q+ ¦»«**^- k *.-.**'
McCall paper patterns and that standard fashion magazine, baby carriages, full size, with parasol brake tUliet necessities.
McCall's. carried at notion counter. r i ce i y upholstered we carry a full line of the celebrated Richard Hudnut rood,
hammock, Palmer make, pillow, spreader and val- pe r £ox * talCUm powder ' the queen of all powder'"
belt offering. ace> *° xS4 •«"
see fine window display, surely this store f^V calstiTe soan " lh W« 75«
hn? be."n belt headquarters this season, but the /^J^\ ca*«ie soap, wib bars - c »
present 5.ale exceeds all previous ones in giving /^ JN&lr A A . ¦, h , . '•
a od stationery. .. ''^:(l^fe a new kind of a
& of production, a Jobbing: house found them-^ J ( DfW commorcial note paper, AI.-5 qulrp. to pneka^...!.^ ,^J<3AJfe : '^iS&fiQsr^ StOCkin^
P pelves with too many bolts for this season of /A&B>~ writing paper. OU sheets and ot) envelopes to t^V^\^M^^^< aiUtMn^ r
the vear and naturally they came to us. we f i'lrl , match, cream color 23c Yai&k WsftlmK&'iS^ J us t received. 3600 palra of a new
i made an offer which was so low we did not look M&jfiCj . / i7» ytBSB&W " qtyle hoPC * for ladles 1 wear. ma.Jrt 1
« for Its acceptance, but tho unexjioctcd occurred Vi/^&ti^-" . I II l\ V^^Sr ' with real elastic fast black Mnen 1
and they took it. so we have the belts, which -533 »lg? . Hi 1 |\ xSSBl-'h cotton tops, full fashioned: the ¦'.
•? consist of dog collars in tan and black, 1% inch, IKlyy _-«*f /¦ y /?ZT7 j_ I I' IK YES'/i spliced with extra strong. :
L witli and without metal nair.e plate on back, g W H v$KsZ£Z?L--d£w /Wr ' I' 'I' 1 / '' r " :I "° Ifish linen: r!ot alone (lnf>3 '
"f, black patent leather l>oit-» with n'ckfi shield r^ /£r/ /6&&^§\&) sz£&? !^ L^> f»*S»^> ;^= r =' Hnen splicing pro^uc^s a cooler
r»^" w'ith'nlckel shield and medallion, 1»£ inch wide, ij; /&&/ /oar/ il^^^ > *S&2^J2*i%} : ~~ other kind o* a stocking, every •*!
Ill and a woiiderfui collection of other styles at each £££1 '^. _ jjjr Good Goods." money refunded VI
\}S ' • ISc, c ancl 4Sc "* ! *^tejfci_! 6 '®'^ GOtGId^^^^^ for an >' r>alr that doc* not give J>;
«f perfect satisfaction, per pair.. 25c li
1 If it's "ioros'.s" you're shod right A
I And the comfort— that's assured. J9
Iff $&80ii& \\
TraCe Ifsrlt rn Harh Shoe.
WOMEN !
I AGREE " I
I unanimously that "SO- !
I ROSIS" Shoes are the p
- acme of perfection. . j
I One-third of the wo- [
i men of San Francisco 3
I are now wearing "SO- \
I ROSIS " The other two- \
\ thirds will soon be. j
Forty styles. Every j
; leather. Always I
itni * '.
¦ - t
! In sizes from little bits jj
i of ones to great big I
! nines. From the narrow- !
I est to the widest widths. \
BOLD EXCLTPIVELT AT \
5O THIKD STREET. I
* 6«cend I tot £tor« fro a Market. "•
•JAN FRANCISCO. j
. CATALOGUE READT. I
I We prepay delivery charges to any \
: part of the Untied States. %
3 fik
'y"THE°CRBD IT^ OUSE '' !
1 Six StaritM High
I ( A . . .
! Solid, Golden Oak Library Book
I Case. Njat design, -strongly
• mada & nicely finished. 5£ ,
I feet high, 2\ wide; adjustable j
j shelves. , Glass door. Hold j
• mors books than a busy man ;
j oould read; an artiole to please \
{ both literary and home -loving- i
! people $6.75.
{ Drapery Departmtnt— New stock
; so large you can make a selection
j and have things different from your
• neighbors'. Richly flowered Piano
• & Mantle Drapes. Tapestry Por-
• tieres, bright Oriental colors as well
j as quiet restlul shades, $1.70 up.
j Artistic Rope Portieres from $$ up.
; CARPET DEPARTMENT
I In laying in our stock we didn't ;
¦ neglect the Ingrains. One line in ]
j particular, we want vou to see — 6 j
; different patterns & shades all wool |
j dr woven to wear equal to Brussels, ;
j sells regularly for $1; 60 cts a yard, i
! Free Delivery/Oakland. AUmeda. Berkeley J
! M. ¦ FRIEDMAN" & CO. j
" , (Incorporated) , i
j 233 - 237 Post St. Open Evenings j