SUMMER RESIDENCE OF
BRITISH MINISTER BURNED
LOXDON', June 13.— The correspondents
at Tientsin, Shanghai and other treaty
ports throw Bide lights upon the situation.
According to one dispatch from Tientsin
it is understood there that the foreign
Ministers will insist, as . soon as fresh
bayonets arrive at Peking, upon the re
moval of the anti-foreign advisers of the
Dowager Empress and upon the substitu
tion for them of -councilors friendly to
Western civilization.
The English at Shanghai are'afraid that
Great Britain has been deceived and that
the whole business will have to be gone
through again. Russia's aims, they argue,
are net understood, and Russia and
France are apparently not working in the
same spirit a*« the ether powers." Five
thousand Russians are ready to land at
Taku. .. . _ - . . . .•-••..
A telegram from Yokohama, dated
Tuesday evening, says .that- the Japanese
Government has ordered four more war
ships to proceed to Taku and 4003 men of
all arms are under. orders to be in imme
diate readiness for. embarkation.
T.he dispatch says the Japanese Govern
ment "trusts the powers will not miscon
strue this action."
The Japanese prcs3 is urging vigorous
methods. -';</
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing Tuesday, says: "The
Japanese Minister, is -pressing for recog
nition of a Japanese sphere of influence,
to Include the provinces of Chekiang, Fo
kien and Kiangsi."
The Hongkong correspondent of the
Times, wiring yesterday says: "The ad
miralty have engaged a transport to take
S00 troops to Tangku. The sailing date
has not been fixed.":
The only bit of information which tho
British' 'War Office has made public- re
garding the situation since it became Im
portant wa&the admission yesterday that
the # summer residence of the British Min
ister in Peking. Sir Claude Macdonald.
has been burned. '¦ '
s Insurance rates ;' for Tientsin have been
raised to 53 per 100 pounds.
BRITISH MARINES SLAUGHTER BOXERS
y ONTXDX. June 13. 4:41 a. m.— SIxt<v> n British marines reconnoiterinR- in ad-
E vanee of the International column marchir.g to Peking fought and chased
7 Boxers on Morday. killing twenty or thirty. A correspondent accom
£ A panrJrig the column, in a dlsp 3 trh dated Tientsin. Juno 12, via Shanghai.
June 13. says: "While the "working pnrtlrs. accompanied by a patrol of six
teen British marines-, commanded by Major Johr^on. were repairing the line Mon
day afternoon eight miles l.ryorxl Lnfa they encountered small parties of Boxers
who w«*re destroying th* line. Tho Boxors moved away from the advancing ma
rine? and apparently dispersed into the country, leaving the rails moved and
the sleepers burned.
"Th<» marine?, when two m'.l^s in advance of the first train, near Langfansr,
ru<3<3enly perceived .Br.xrrs Ftreaming from a village on the left. It was estimated
that they numbered 2W>. some of them belner mounted, and thev were trying to
between tho marines and the train. Most of them were armed with spears
and swords. A few had firearms, which they handled awkwardly. The marines
retreating kept up a running fight for over a mile, and killed between twenty and
thirty Boxers.
"The Boxers pursued the British for some distance. Then, seeing more ma
rines from the train -.-omlr.s to their assistance. Major Johnson's sixteen halted
and poured a heavy continuous flre into the crowd, driving them across the front
of the reinforcing bluejackets, who punished the Boxers severely with Maxims.
The Boxer* f.rd and the Europeans, following up their success, "cleared out two
villages. The total loss of the Boxers I« estlmared at forty killed and wounded.
Seven of their wounded were attended to by British surgeons. The European's
loss win nothlnc " - * *'¦"
•Tr.less their Joss caures> tho Borers to lose heart the International column
will have much trouble before it reaches Peking. The railway is so much dam
aged that the column covered only thirty-four miles Sunday and Monday, and
tn<?re Is reason to fear that the road beyond Is more badly damaged.
"Evidences of General Nirh's operations were found In headless bodies. . The
whol" country presents a desolate aspect, entire villages having been deserted
•The expedition numbers 2044. as follows: British. 916; German. 250: Russian
£'•0: French. ITS; American, 104; Japanese, 52; Italians, 40;» Austrlans. 23."
SIX THOUSAND BOXERS ARE
ATTACKING CATHOLIC CONVENT
n~y IENTSIN. June, 12.— The latest news from Pao Ting Fu is that the Box- '
I ers. 63C» strong-, are attacking the Catholic convent there. The situation \
I Is critical and the officials are evidently, inactive. 45.
I One hundred and Elxty-three British landed last evening. An addi- (
¦*- tlonal twenty. British have been 3ent to Fong Shan. This morning a -
special train left Tientsin for Tangtsun to bring- General Nieh' to consult <
with the Viceroy. Telegraphic communication with Peking Is still Inter- "
rupted.
Tho Russian warships Petropaulovskl and Komlloff are at Taku Bar and
the Russian torpedo boats "13" and "lOT" are in . the river Taku. Want of ;
transport prevents the Russians from ianding troops. The Russians are (
very active here to-day.
it is reported that General Fung Fah Siang. with many thousand troops, <
is at Feng- Tal. The United States warships Xash\ille and Monocacy are re- -
ported at Taku. *
tween the capital and Tientsin is kept open so as to insure a safe
road for retreat should necessity compel the adoption 'of such a
cour?e.
\Yu Ting Fang, Chinese Minister, declined to-day to discuss
the appeal alleged to emanate from Weng Tung No, formerly
tutor to the Chinese Emperor, for the deposition of the Empress
Dowager and the restoration of Kwang Hsu to the throne. Dip
lomats well versed in Chinese affairs would not be surprised if the
appeal were genuine. Weng Tung No, after his dismissal by the
Empress Dowager in 1898. retired to his home at Soo Chow, sev
eral hours distant from Shanghai, and as the appeal is dated
Shanghai it looks as though he may be responsible for it. That it
is issued with the sanction of the Emperor is hardly believed., in
view of the fact that Kwang Hsu is closely guarded jn the imperial
palace and communication with him is extremely difficult. It is
possible, however, that Weng Tung No is familiar with the Em
peror's aspirations and acted as he did knowing that the appeal
would be approved. It would not be surprising if the powers were
to go to the extent of removing the Empress Dowager and restor
ing the Emperor, especially in view of the fact that she is encour
aging the Boxer movement, and so long as she is in power will
not take action for its suppression. With the Emperor on the
throne, under control of the diplomatic corps, no time would be
lost in putting an end to the movement, and it is believed here no'
trouble would be experienced in suppressing the rebellious Chi
nese once they are assured that they can ' look for no assistance
from the Government.
The only encouraging message which was received here to-day came to Mr. Xabeshima, Japanese Charge d'Affaires, who was informed by. his Government
that the representatives of the powers at Peking were acting harmoniously for the protection of foreign life and property and for the reopening- of communication be
tween Peking and Tientsin. In view of the danger besetting the foreign diplomats in Peking it is expected that foreign marines will see to it that communication be-
LONDON. June 11—3:20 A. M.— According to a dispatch to the Dally Express
from Machadodorp dated June 10. via Lourenzo Marques, those around
President Krugrr say that Generals Louis Botha and Delarey hare been
' offered indirectly £10,000 a year to lay down their arms, and President
Kruger expects the same offer to be made to himself, President Steyn
and De "Wet. President Kruger believes that the British make these efforts to
close the war on the principle that it would cost less than to fight It out.
Two plec?s of news encouraging to the British In the official dispatches are
that the broken communications of Lord Roberts are In a fair way to be mended
by the forces moving northward and southward and driving off the roving com
mandos, and that Sir Redvers Buller la at last master of Laings Kek. Tele
graphic communication with Lord Roberts Is expected to be restored to-day, as
a dispatch from Bloemfontein. dated yesterday, says that the railway is In Brit
ish possession again and that the work of repairing the line Is going on rapidly
with abundant material warehoused at Bloemfonteln.
From the subjoined telegram it would appear that General Hunter was In
command of the troops referred to by General Kelly-Kenney. In his dispatch from
Eloemfontein June 12: "General Hunter is coming up rapidly from the north
west, having severely defeated a large cemmand of Boers who had destroyed
two miles of railway north of Kroonstad."
Th*». Boer government Is also Issuing news cheering to Its sympathizers. Tha
following bulletin, the Boer version of the disaster to the Derbyshlres. was posted
by President Kruger at Machadodorp:
"On June 7 four divisions of burghers, commanded by Steenkammp. Frlne
man. Duploy. Fourie and'Hel, attacked the British at Roodeval. killed 200, took
700 prisoners and captured immense stores of food and ammunition— a Maxim gun
and 1C00 lyddite shells. Some food was taken by the Boer farmers and the rest
was burned. The English 'mail was taken. The burghers attacked from the open
veMt and gave evidence of unprecedented bravery."
General de Wet was also fighting on June 2. whether at Roodeval or elsewhere
is not clear, but the Boer War Office gives It out that he captured 3000 suits of
clothing, blankets, gloves, boots, etc. Being unable to take them with him In his
rapid advance through the country, according to the Transvaal War Office, he
burned the whole mass. General de Wet has also reported that he put 1000 Brit
ish out of action and destroyed property valued at £100,000. As Lord Methuen
Is officially described as fighting on June 7 it Is possible that he was engaged by
General de- Wet.
A dispatch from Lourenzo Marqtxes say3 that 1500 Boers are reported to be
retiring on Middleburg from various quarters and that, after weeding out the
faint-hearted. 20,000 men are still left.
.... . General ' Buller was unable on Monday to follow up the Boers from lack of
cavalry' as well as water. The dispatches describe him as fighting: a spirited ad
vance over a rugged field under prolonged rifle fire. The Boers had two guns,
which they got away. Few dead or wounded Boers were found. It seems
probable. that the major portion of the Boers had withdrawn before the ad
vance, beian._
• Lord Methuen. General Rundle and General ' Brabant are reported to have
30,000 men and fifty. guns engaged in Inclosing the Boers In the eastern port of
Orange : River Colony.
SIR ALFRED^ MILNER. GOVERNOR OF CAPE COLONY. AND Hit
' ' COMMISSIONER FOR SOUTH AFRICA.
CROWN COLONY GOVERNMENT
PLANNED FOR SOUTH AFRICA
LONDON. June 12.— It Is learned by the Associated Press that the Gov
ernment has at last decided upon a pjan for the civil settlement of
South Africa. The details are kept most secret, but It can safely be
said that the Orange River Colony and the Transvaal will become
crown colonies. Sir Alfred Milner. It is declared. Is to be High Com
missioner of South Africa, in spite, of the opposition he has incurred. The
crown colony form of government can be best understood by reference to the
system in vogue in the West .Indies, Sierra Leone and Ceylon. Endeavors will
be. made to put this in force as soor. as possible In the Transvaal and Or
ange River colonies, though It ?s scarcely expected that the details will
be announced or some parts of the work be begun for a few months. "While
the civil settlement will .be drawn up so as to be eventually Independent of
military enforcement. It is realized that the initial -work must be done with
the co-operation of the troops. Sir Alfred Milner appears to believe that civil
reorganization and military pacification can proceed simultaneously, and that a
possible scattered rising: will^not seriously retard the progress of reorgan
ization once it is begun. The Colonial Office Is said to be of the opinion,
however, that the maintenance of good-sized garrisons at such centers as
Bloernfontein. Kroonstad. Johannesburg and Pretoria will be necessary for a
long time after the crown colony system gets In -working order. For this
reason and others put forward by Sir Alfred Milner, the idea of granting an
autonomous ftrm of government has been abandoned. It is believed,
though it cannot be verified, that a portion of the Transvaal will be parti
tioned off to Natal.
The whole arrangement may be roughly described as coinciding with the
views .advanced by the progressives, as opposed to those held by bundltea.
The final Fteps in this direction have been taken during the last few days.
Mr. Cbambrrlatn sent for J. P. Fltzpatrick. author of "The Transvaal From
Within." who is well known In connection with South African affairs, and
spent n whole day In consultation with hJm. Mr. Fitzpatrlck will sail for
Cape Town June IS to join the advisory committee which Sir Alfred Milner
Is forming.
_ : PRINCIPAL;. GATEWAY. LEADING .INTO THE PURPLE .OR > FOR-
VbII>DEN< CITY. v WHICH r LIES I WIT HIM *: THE * IMPERIAL OR' YELLOW
VCITY;VyVHERE=.THE 'EMPEROR. HVES. : [ -f
PEKING, June 12. — Boxers have murdered one of the secretaries of the Japanese Legation here. The remainder of the foreign residents are besieged in Legation
street. Nothing has been heard of the relief force which we are advised left Tientsin three days since. Wires running south from Peking have been cut, but the
Russian line is still working. .
LONDON, June 13, 5:20 a. m. — The Times, in an extra edition, publishes the following dispatch from Peking, dated June 12, 2 p. m.: "The Chancellor of
the Japanese Legation. Sugyiama Akira, while proceeding alone and unprotected on official duty, was brutally murdered by soldiers of Tung Fuh Siang, the favorite
body-guard of the Empress Dowager, at Manigate railroad station yesterday. Reinforcements are daily expected. The present isolated" position at Peking, the destruc
tion of foreign property in the country and the insecurity of life are directly attributable to treachery of the Chinese Government."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 12.— Fears are expressed in diplomatic circles here. to-night that the mur
der of the Tapanese secretary of the legation and the besieging of foreign residents in Legation street, Peking, will furnish a spark which will cause the spread of the
internal conflagration in China to the powers. Secretary Hay told me that he had not been advised of the death of the Japanese diplomat and of the imminent danger
in which foreigners in Peking seem to be. Mr. Nabeshima, secretary of the Japanese Legation, also stated that he .was without advices, but expressed confidence that
upon confirmation of the report his Government would take prompt measures for the protection of its subjects and their interests in the celestial kingdom.
The murder of the Japanese secretary of the legation, in the opinion of administration circles, increases the danger of murder of American missionaries. The
grave danger in which these missionaries are placed was considered during a meeting of the Cabinet to-day and a serious discussion took place, with a view of de
termining upon some means to furnish them efficient protection. A member of the Cabinet, after leaving the White, House, said that the truth. of the matter is that
the President does not fully comprehend the situation because of a lack of information; that messages so far received are very indefinite, and that before a final pol
icy can be determined upon fuller advices are necessary. There is no doubt that during the Cabinet session there was talk of using troops, but this same official de
clared that the President does not care to dispatch soldiers into China, preferring, so long as other powers make no such move, to leave operations to detachments
from the naval squadrons at Taku. But the murder of a Japanese diplomat and the dangerous situation of foreign .residents of Peking,- added to the conceded proba
bility that Japan will now send troops to China, may cause a rapid change of view. with respect to the use of American soldiers. Japan is in no mood { to permit her
official representative in Peking to be murdered, especially by persons engaged in a movement encouraged by the ruler of the Chinese empire. The Empress Dow
ager is jealous of Japan, and Russia will probably either object to the dispatch of Japanese troops into China or else send herself a large, force into the territory in
cluded in her sphere of influence and perhaps to Peking itself. The result is difficult to foresee unless an agreement of some kind should be reached beforehand.
The imperative need of vigorous action is shown by the dispatches received by the State Department from several points in China, only one of which was
made public. The appeal for a warship has not been answered, but it is believed it will be, and Consul Martin is expected to continue to wire developments to Secre
tary Hay. The American Consul at Chefoo has reported a very dangerous situation there, and it was rumored to-day that he stated that the Boxers were attacking,
missionaries near his consulate. This report could not be confirmed.
TTHis Deed \A/ill JRurnfsh ei Spark \A/h!eh Is
Lil<ely to Cause the Spread of Internal
Conflagration In China to the Powers.
JAPANESE DIPLOMAT IN PEKING
MURDERED BY THE BOXERS
Those Near Kruger Sau Generals
Botna and Delarey Have Been
Promised Ten Thousand Pounds
a Year to Quit Fighting.
BRIBES OFFEREDE
BOER LEADERS TO
LAY DOWN ARMS
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIU— NO. 13.
The San Francisco Call.
BRITISH CASUALTIES.
LONDON, June 13. — The War Otnce casualty returns up to
June 9 aggregate 23,664, bssides 792 officers and 12,355 men sent
home as invalids, but not including the sick in South African hos
pitals.The production of prunes is increasing
rapidly in Oregon, the annual shipment
of the dried fruit now amounting to 500
cars.
I The Supreme Court yesterday decided In
the "penmanshln: system" case, in which
the relative merits of- the Crocker and tho
Shaylor books were brought into question,
that • Judge Hebbard had no authority to
cite the Board of Education for contempt
because.lt refused to obey his order en
joining the use of. the Shaylor system, as
the board* had an . appeal pending at the
time. -- The matter was-before the sunreme
tribunal on a'petition for a writ of pro
hibition ;; to 'prevent . Hebbard from fur
ther/action in the; contempt, matter, and
the .writ was ordered Issued. It being ad
judged that the, lower court had exceeded
Its jurisdiction under the circumstances.
"This decision does; not in any manner
dispose of, or even touch upon \ the merits
of, the matter of^the two systems of'pen
manship : or, the position, of. the Board nt
Education In relation to the^two publish
lna firms. ;; : /
A verdict for.$.V)00 damages wan award
ed Mrs. Anlpo Richmond by a Mury In
Judge Daingerfleld's court yesterday. Sho
.was suing the Sutter-strcet Railroad
Company for $20,000 damages for injuries
sustained ¦¦, last October. She started to
alight from a car at Sutter and I>upont
streets. : when the car started forward
euddenlr and threw her violently to the
pavement. Dan Ryan>as her attorney
and it was his : first case of Importance
before the Superior Court. .' .. . . .
Verdict for Five Thousand.
The war in South Africa caused a riot
among sailors in Alice Nelson's saloon,
66 Jackson street, early yesterday morn
ing. The noise was so great that the
neighborhood was aroused and Sergeant
Brophy and Policemen Dower and Smith
hearu it two blocks away. They raided
the place and arrested ten sailors— A
Anderson. E. Olsen. Joe Brandt. J Xel
son. P. Verdouch. Henry. Smith. Lennot
Forbes. David McGarrigle. B. Franch and
John Sullivan— for disturbing the peace.
Mrs. Nelson was arrested for keeping a
disorderly hoUse and three women — Nellie
Kelly, Mattte Smith and Helena Hewan—
were arrested and charged with vag
rancy. Judge Fritz yesterday dismissed
the cases against the terT sailors. The
cases of the four womenr were continued
till to-morrow. They were released on
bail.
Sailors and Women Jailed.
A slip of the foot on the swinging boom
caused First Officer Matthews of the
schooner La Girondo to fall overboard and
lose his life yesterday. A boat was low
ered, but the tide carried the body out at
the rate of five miles an hour and all ef
forts to recover It were therefore useless.
La GIronde was from Grays -Harbor for
San Francisco. It was late in the after
noon before she reached an anchorage in
Mission Bay. Mate Matthews was well
known .along the front.
Drowned in Sight of Land.
The engineers of the Empress of Japan
were not s-'atisiled with the result, how
ever, and they challengedthe crew of the
China to race them to Nagasaki. The
challenge was taken up and the firemen
on the China bet their shirts on the re
sult. Coal was not spared during that run
and in consequence the China averaged
fceve'nteen knots throughout the trip and
won easily. In fact, the Empress of Ja
pan had not arrived . wnen the China
sailed, and the crew of the latter vessel
will have to collect their bets when next
the mail, boats meet. ,.
In her last run the China upheld her
reputation as the fastest steamer on the
Paci/lc. On the voyage just completed
she had two brushes with the Empress of
Japan and on each occasion ran away
from the Canadian Pacific's flyer. Be
tween Hongkong and Shanghai the two
vessels came together and the Mail Com
pany's steamer, after a hard tussle; beat
her rival five hours Into port.
The Pacific Mall- Company's steamer
China arrived from the Orient yesterday.
In her cargo. were $300,000 in treasure and
466 cases of opium, the duty on which will
net the Government $114,636.
Mail Steamer China Arrives
From China, Japan and
•"' Hawaii.':;
Chief Clerk Emmrich of the. Quarter
master's Department Charged
"With Being Bartholo
mew's Partner.
Ernst Emmrich, chief clerk - in the
United States Quartermaster's Depart
ment, was arrested yesterday morning by
United States Marshal Shine on a charge
of having conspired with J. W. Bartholo
mew, secretary of the American Box Fac
tory, to defraud the. United States out of
large sums of money appropriated by Con
gress for the army of the XTnlted State?.
The "large sum of money" mentioned In
the complaint is $374 35. which it is alleged
Bartholr ftew on the 30th of January, lS-TD.
obtalnedT>y presenting to the quartermas
ter's department of the United States
army a false and fraudulent bill of the
American Box Factory for merchandise.
The complainant Is R. P. Merrllon.
Emmlrch has been chief clerk In the
quartermaster's department for twenty
five years. He says the matter arose out
of a clerical irregularity that has pre
vailed for the past twenty-five years in
the department and that the Government
had not been defrauded out of anything.
He was released on giving bonds In the
sum of J3000,
United States District Attorney Coombs
said yesterday that he was not going to
take the Bartholomew and Emmrich cases
before the Federal Grand Jury, but would
have them tried before' United States
Commissioner Heacock. so that all the
facts might become the property of the
public.
ANOTHER ARREST IN
THE CONSPIRACY CASE
FEW vessels hav^. had more narrow
escapes in as short a space of time
as the United States transport
Grant. The last round trip to the
Philippines has been a succession of nar
row escapes, and it is only due to the
vigilance of the officers that the transport
finally reached port.
Soon after leaving San Francisco one
of her Inlet valves became clogged and
the water rushing in filled the engine
room until the fires under the lower boiler
were drowned cut and the engineers and
firemen were working up to their waists
In water.
While the run to San Francisco was
under way the man on the lookout ran
up against a mirage. He thought land
was straight ahead and so reported It to
the bridge. The officer on watch saw an
outline looming up and as It was appar
ently capped by a light he gave the signal
to stop the ship and sent for the captain.
The Grant was in the vicinity of Reed
Rocks, the position of which is doubtful,
their place on the chart of the globe being
followed by a ouery mark. When, there
fore, the fog bank took on the appear
ance of the Farallone Islands and the
morning star showed up like a beacon on
its peak, the lookout thought the land was
dead ahead, so the engines were stopped
and reversed and the ship was going. full
speed astern when Captain Buford reach
ed the bridge. It did not take long to
discover the mistake and in half an hour
the Grant was once more on her course.
Reed Rocks have not been seen since
1SGS, when the ship Yankee nearly ran
them down. They have always been
classed as "doubtful," and the chances
are that the old Yankee skipper was
fooled by the morning star and a cloud,
as was the lookout on the Grant.
From Honolulu to Manila and from
there to Nagasaki the voyage of the
Grant was uneventful. The run from
Nagasaki to San Francisco made up for
the monotony, however. When about nve
days from San Francisco lire broke out in
the engine-room. Escaping ammonia was
ignited by a spark from the pipe of a
careless engineer, and in a few moments
the engine-room was In a blaze. A nre
alarm was turned in. and about three
minutes later Chief Officer Crosky had
three streams of water playing on tho
flames and every man on the transport
was at his place." It was a close call and
the men on the vessel were still busy
TRANSPORT GRANT RUNNING DOWN AN IMAGINARY ISLAND.
repairing damages when the ship docked
yesterday. _,
In spite of all her mishaps the Grant
came into dock yesterday looking as spick
and span as a yacht, and she will bo
ready to sail on July 1. ,
SACRAMENTO ELKS HONOR
GRAND EXALTED RULER
SACRAMENTO. June 12.— The local lodge of Elks turned out to-night to do
honor to B. M. Allen of Birmingham, Alabama, grand exalted ruler of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks of the United States of America,
who is making an official tour of the West and Northwest. The wives and
I daughters of the Elks had adorned Elks Hall with beautiful blossoms and
during the hours of the reception to-night the scene was most inviting. A short
and appropriate musical programme was presented and the grand . exalted ruler
was welcomed !n the most cordial manner. .-..'''
Mr. Allen arrived this morning on the Oregon express and will proceed to
morrow to San Francisco, where the Elks have made provision for his enter
tainment, covering a period of several days. In conversation to-day Mr. Allen
s=poke of the great grrowth of the order throughout the United States in the past
" year. It is estimated that the organization now enrolls 75,000 members. During
th«» past year the membership has been augmented by 20,000, embraced in
righty-thr*»e lodges. Four new lodges have in the r>aj?t twelve mont-hs been es
tablished in California and one in Nevada, under the direction of the California
officers^
The Elks <\n not lay great stress upon the augmentation of their numbers,
but th<> figures are considered Fignifica&t as showing the growing popularity of
the order. "Mr. All*-n carries with him a large number of valuable souvenirs pre
sented to him by the lodges during his tour westward.
PREPARING FOR
CALIFORNIA'S
BIG JUBILEE
Grand Marshal Co3tello's Ad
dress to the Various
' Parlorsi
Announcement by Some of the Or
ganizations— Nr.vsi Parade Com- l
mittee's Plan- of ttie Night
Illumination.
Grand Marshal Costello of the Joint
ninth ' of September celebratfon commit
tee of the Native Sons of the Golden West
has issued a circular as follows, which has
beeen eent to each of the 143 parlors In the
State: .''_: : , .'..
SAN* FKANCISCO. Cal.. May 29. 1800.
To tlie Officers and ..Members of Subordinate
Parlors— Dear ¦ Sirs and Brothers:! The semi
centennial anniversary, of the admission or Cal-'
lfornia to statehood is near at hand and the
"parlors of this city have now perfected ar
rtngements for the grandest celebration ever
held in our history. The Native Sons of the
metropolis are evincing an eager desire to re
turn in a .measure the hospitality they have
bo frequently . accepted from . their brethren
throuchout the State.
It- 13 my desire that • the parade • should - not
only eclipse in brilliancy and' splendor all'for
mer parades but that it should bo an exposition
of the industrial and material progress of the
Slate, during the half century now drawing to a
c!oseand a demonstration to visitors from our
sister States and the worja ai laree of the
boundless wealth and unlimited resources ' of
California. I would therefore invite the earnest
co-operation of the parlors outside of San Fran
cisco in furtherance of this end;
Let the parlors of each particular district
arrange some special feature or float that will
be emblematic of such loyalty and tto particu
lar resources and Industries, i I would also, sug
gest that Immediately upon receipt of this cir
cular each parlor instruct its secretary to
advise this ' office /as to' the following facts:
First— As to the estimated number of mem
bers of the parlor who will take part. -In' the
parade and whether they will bring their own
music. If so, how many pieces? .
Second— A full description of the uniforms
adopted by the parlor to be worn in the parade.
In this connection it is earnestly desired that
each parlor adopt some appropriate costume or
uniform for use In the parade apart ¦ from 'the
regalia of the order and by filing- a description
of the Fame immediately with this office a too
great uniformity in this respect will be avoided.
Third— It is also my desire that each parlor
designate one of Its members to act as aid
to the rrand marshal, who Will thereupon be
appointed bv me. . ' - : -
Could I not ask. In view of the shortness of
the time intervening between the present date
and September 9. that these matters.be given
immediate and careful consideration?
Relying upon your cordial co-operation I am
fraternally yours, S. V. COSTELLO,
; , .- -, Grand Marshal. ¦
The grand marshal has already received
lrtters from parlors announcing what they
will do to make the semi-centennial of the
admission of California a success.
Bay City Parlor No. 104 announces that
it will turn out with a band of fifteen
pieces, the members being uniformed in
blue sorge sinfjle-breaFled coats, white
duck vests, white trousers, white capa
and Fhces with white uppers. Charles
Lindeman has been selected as aid.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 will have a band
of twentv-flve pieces, a drum corps num
bering twenty and a float. The uniform
will be blue serge coats and* pantaloons,
with white trimmings.
El Dorado Parlor Xo. 52 will turn out
150 members in navy blue coats, with
black braid, with "52" on the collar. White
duck pantaloons and white duck yachting
caps with black visor will complete the
costume.
J. C. Martin has been appointed aid to
the grand marshal.
Tho naval parade sub-committee, of
which M. Turner of Alcatraz Parlor is the
chairman, has selected Jules Kullman sec
retary and James A. Devoto treasurer.
The committee has received an offer from
an Eastern firm to furnish a display on
the bay. The committee has requested a
California firm to send in an offer. It Is
the idea of this committee to have a night ;
illumination at a time to be determined.
The committee. is considering the matter
of adding the names of several prominent
citizens to Its number. « .
The committee on hotels and accommo
dation requests that any one having rooms
to rent for the celebration week send no
tice to the secretary. Willis M. Brown, at
headquarters In the Palace Hotel.
Miss Alexander has been appointed steh
ographer and typewriter at headquarters.
There was a meeting yesterday after
noon of the scope committee, at which
were present Grand Marshal Costello. E.
Myron "Wolff and Mr. Turner., D. A. Ryan
and John H. Grady were unable to be
present. There was only an Informal dis
cussion on the scope of the celebration,
but ho action was reached.
Bridges in Glen Park.
The Mayor recently sent a communica
tion to the Board of Public- -Works- in
which he stated that in his Judgment the
bridges In Glen Park were not strong
enough to carry the crowds, and requested
an inspection of the same. Chief Engi
neer Grunsky reported that the two
bridges farthest north, being the second
and third structures above the bear pit,
had stringers of insufficient strength. The
Glen Park managers have been directed
to strengthen'them. .
Aueust Hermann, a private In tho Twen
tieth Infantry, committed suicide on board
the river steamer Apache yesterday morn
ing by swallowing morphine. He took
passagrc yesterday at Sacramento and
early in the morninsr the steward heard
groans proceeding from his stateroom.
Hermann was found lying in hlB bunk un
conscious. When' the steamer arrived at
this city Hermann was taken to the Har
bor Hospital. He died a short time after
ho arrived there.
Suicide of a. Soldier.
DISASTER TO
RELIEF COLUMN
ON THE PRAH
General Opinion Is That the Present
Force Is Utterly Inadequate
to Cope With the Situ
ation.
Men Under Carter and Wil
kinson Meet With a
Serious Reverse.
ACCRA. Gold Coast. June 12.— Details
have been received here of another seri
ous reverse to the relief column under
Colonel Carter and Major Wilkinson a
day's march north of the Prah.
There were heavy casualties. The latest
rumors report a further disaster to a de
tachment on the nonh bank of the Prah,
•which Is now flooded, and where the
Ashantis were found strongly intrenched.
Colonel WiMcock'p advance has been de
layed by rains, which have destroyed the
bridges on the Prahsu road. The con
tinued absence of news from Kumassie
tends to ccntirm the pessimistic views as
to the safety of the Governor and his
Ftaff. The coast towns are apprehensive
of their own safety.
The Hrit!sh gunboat Magpie, stationed
at Accra, is the sole protection for th»
coast. Owing to the difficulty encountered
In procuring carriers the enforcement of
a labor ordinance Is thr^a toned, but such
a step is considered inadvisable In view of
the present temper of the inhabitants and
the unprotected condition of thf colony.
The general opinion is that the -'present
force is Inadequate to eopp with the situa
tion and the local government apparently
fails to recognize its gravity.
TWO VICTIMS OF
DANGEROUS FALLS
SEVEN GO DOWN
IN A SCOW ON
LAKE BENNETT
Stampede of Cattle Causes
the Craft to Turn
Party of Prospectors From the Up
per Stickeen Eeport Having
Gold, but in Very Small
Quantities.
SEATTLE. Wash. June 12.— "The rumor
of a wholesale drowning on Windy Arm,
Lake Bennett, is told in the. latest Alas
kan papers arriving by the steamer Ro
salie to-day. Seven were in one party
which is believed to have gone down about
the first of the month in the overturning
of a scow.
The news was telegraphed from Tagish
to Skagoiay by a mounted police officer.
According to Information which was re
ceived at Skaguay it is said that the
names of the people who may; have been
in the scow are as follows: W. G. Mar
geau, Mrs. Playmate, Mrs. Werner, C. E.
Pcabody, Joe Rose and two men who«e
names could not be learned. All were
from Skaguay.
Six head of cattle and a quantity of pro
visions mad? up the cargo with which the
craft was loaded. It is said that the scow
was too heavily loaded. A strong wind
caught the cratt at R5k Windy, and the
cattle becoming excited overturned the
craft in which they had been loaded. This
was attached by ropes to the big scow in
which the party was living and caused
it to careen, shipping a quantity of water
and turning- turtie. All are said to have
perlfhcd.
Mr. Margeau was formerly proprietor
of the California Market in Skaguay. Mrs.
Werner ran th«* I'uget Sound restaurant
in the sam° place.
WRANGEL. Alaska. June R. via Seattle,
June 12.— James McLaggan of North Da
kota, J. L. Hewn of Edmonton, B. C, and
H. Ca'.dert of Amesbury. Mans., victims
of the ghastly Kdmonton-Dawson trail,
came down the Stlckoen River from Glen
ora, JJ. C. to-day, on the Hudson Bay
steamer Strathcona. They are of a party
of five that left Edmonton two years ago
and reached Upper Llarrt po3t. They
found considerable fine sold on the river
bars, but not in^ sufficient quantities to
pay. They spent the winter at Glenora,
U. C. and are to start for Nome via Skag
uay by the first boat north.
Scmnambulist and the Painter Who Received Bad Falls.
BIG DAMAGES FOR
SLIGHT ENCROACHMENT
George Crocker Awarded $5000 Be
cause a Building Overhangs a Few
Inches on His Property.
f-'p^iial DlFpafh to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 12.— In the suit
brought by George Crocker to compel the
Manhattan Life Insurance Company,
owner of the twenty-story building on
Broadway, to remove a portion of the
northerly wall, which Mr. Crocker al
leged encroachment over his property.
Judge Lawrence has dpcidfj that the
north wall of the Manhattan building
overhangs the Crocker property at the
flirt cornice. of the building 3 l ,i inches; at
the second cornice S*i inches, and at the
third cornice 434 Inches.* At the new street
f-nd there «1s an overhanj? of , l',4 Inches,
and in -addition, to -this there aw over
hanging cornices and swinging shutters.
He concludes that £000 .will compensate
fnr the encroachment of the wall.
Experts declared the damage to Orock
or's property was from 150,'JOO to KKO.OOO.
Owing to the Importance of the case It Is
probable that an appeal will be taken.
IMTAUTINO RET, EASED.
Evidence Insufficient to Convict Him
cf Grand Larceny.
Fr*<~!»! Dispatch to The Caii.
SAX JOSE. June 12.— Nick Infantinn.
who marrk-d Mrs. JobSo Parks while he
had another wife and subsequently dc-
Fcrted hor after securing $5M. has* been
disoharjr«>d from custody, the evidence not
bring sufficient to convict. Infantino was
brought back here a few months ago
from Seattle on a charge of grand lar
cony.
Infantino met Mrs. Parka through a
Fan Franc5s=eo marriage bureau. She was
then obtaining a divorce from her hus
band and the day ehe was froe he mar
ried her under the name of C. 15. Wilson.
Infantino had a wife ut tho time and in
troduced her Into the family as his
cfMJsin. A month after the marriage he
obtained 5C00 f rom his second wife and fled
with Mrn. Infantino No. 1.
Both, wf re charged with errand Jarccny
and arrested at Seattle, but the Illness of
the woman prevented her from' being
brought back. Prosecution for bigamy
fell through because Mrs: Parks had mar
ried in violation of a statute" prohibiting
th«» marriage of divorced people in a year.
Infantino .served eleven, years In the
MrtKsa<~hus«nt« Penitentiary for the mur
o>r of Joseph Fryo. a wealthy merchant
of Boston. On hip discharge from prison
he married hip first wife, who had been
a Fervant of the warden at the peniten
tiary.
MEDICOS IN SESSION.
Many Interesting Papers Read and
Discussed at Woodland.
Spwial r>iepatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 12.— The California
Northern District Medical Society met In
Woodland to-day. About twenty mem
bers answered to roll call. Dr. Nutting-,
a member of the State Board of Health,
was also present. Interesting capers were
read as follows: Address, P. W. Car
penter: "Appendicitis." A. M. Henderson:
"Experience of a Volunteer Surgeon in
the ITnited States Army," W. J. Manna:
"L'rlthritis in the Female," F. Wesley
Carpenter; "Report of Cases," II. D. Law
head; "Modern Methods in Refraction,"
Barton J. Powell: "Report of Cases."
John T. Jones: "Suppuration in the Mid
dle Ear." M. W. Ward.
The society was banqueted at the Hotel
Julian this evening. The next meeting of
the society will be held in Sacramento.
New Poolroom Opened.
Fr^eisi Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, June 12.— SHnkey's nl
lfged poolroom was opened this morning
at Frank Payne's tamale cafe In Sausa
llto. The place gives promise of being a
first-class poolroom," though' a technicality
may rob It of its real character. The
place is alleged to be run by Frank Payne
and Dan Bllnkey, but the proprietors of
most of . the ventures of that character
are difficult to find. 'Heretofore women
have found Httle convenience In. the town
as far as betting went. ;The tamale cafe
now cpens the way for the: lady plungers,
who may discard the tout and go-between.
It is generally understood that the pool
men are responsible for the - new place
an<l that it Is run under their supervision.
This morning when the place was opened
some forty, women of all ages and classes
were on hand and ' made business brisk
with their many bets. The opponents of
the - gamblers . are indignant t at this new
move and promise to continue the battle
against them. MM WPM
Two men met with accidents yesterday
morning by falling from buildings and In
each case the. result may, be fatal. "They,
were both taken .to the receiving Hospi
tal and later, to St. Mary's Hospital.
Thomas Cavanaugh, • an employe In the
Corporation -Yard, r lives (at 1786 ; Folsojn
street. He' is 63 years 'of! age. For some
time he has been troubled with insomnia:
"^tbout 2 o'clock yesterday morning he g*6t
out of bed while asleep : and '¦ opened CTie
window of his room. lie leaned over and
fell to the ground, "a 'distance' of "about
fourteen feet. The Seventeenth; Btreet
station waa notified and .Cavanaugh was
removed -, to > the,; Receiving * Hpspltal: :: It
¦was found that , both ¦ ¦wrists - were • frac
tured, his nose was broken ¦ and he had
contusions : on- his chin and eyebrows. He
was also suffering from internal injuries.
¦ Hans Anderson, a painter living at the
Golden Gate -Hotel on Fourth street, was
engaged- yesterday "morning in painting
the / building : at 206 Sansome . street; The
structure is six stories high and; Anderson
was ; on tha - roof shifting ¦ the tackle , for
the ¦ scaffolding - from '. that building to the
adjoining ; one, . which is - one • story.- lower.
There is alnarrow space} between • the two
and Anderson overbalanced , himself and
fell .into' this. At the : third story,: forty
feet down, there; is a wire netting over a
skylight. Fortunately. for him the netting
did 5 not' break and he rebounded ¦ Into - the
air. He was taken to the. Receiving Hos
pital" in- the ambulance. It was r found
that his right thigh, left wrist and ribs on
tho right side -; were fractured and ¦ that • he
was suffering from : internal Injuries. His
condition is precarious.
, ¦. — — • " i . '
' The horsemen, of Burllngame Country
Club are' planning a'number of interesting
events- which will take place, on ' their
grounds within, the next •¦ two months.
These include a private horse. show in ad r
ditlon to the-one which \ will be held at
Tanforan Park in Septemberr'a steeple
chase across country,. pony races, coach
ing.parade and a special polo match. The
horse show, which for two years. has been
a brilliant success' both socially and from
the standpoint of a horseman, will be held
In August if present arrangements are
carried out. It will extend over two days
and will- be in the nature of a dress pa
rade for the public show. .
The Fourth of July is considered. a pro
pitious occasion for holding some of these
interesting events. Peter D. Martin has
been Intrusted with the arrangement of a
special polo match, and aided by ; the en
thusiastic "Tom" Driscoll is expected to
provide an interesting match. < Although
the claim- has been made that interest In
polo,^ the emperor of games, Is . on ; the
wane, the opposite seems to be the real
condition of affairs. New men are con
stantly in practice and ' are y developing
"ponies for use in the game. ! Last Sunday
J. Downey Harvey and Prince Poniatow
skl were among the players and showed a
thorough knowledge of ' the game, al
though not in condition to play a fast
match., i . , ¦ >
Four of the Burlingame ponies have
been sold to Lawrence Waterbury, the
crack Eastern player, who spent some
time on this coast recently. He is report
ed to have paid Raoul Duva'l $1500 for his
pony Tox. Thomas Driscoll S10O0 for Early
Dawn and W. S. Hobart $1000 for Feather
stitch and $500 for Scrambled Eggs. This
latter is a veteran at polo, having been
used by Walter Hobart, who ¦ plays a des
perate game,, almost from the first tlm&
he went on the field. The ponies were not
sold as a business venture, it being doubt
ful if any one but a personal friend of the
players could secure them at any price.
There is a steady demand for polo ponies
in the East. The most useful ones are
those educated by cowboys on the cattle
ranges; where they get a liberal education
In stopping and turning and also In fol
lowing any object at -which they are di
rected. They, must be under < fourteen
hands two inches in height and must have
speed and gameness.
Lawrence : . Waterbury Buys Four
Ponies at Big Prices to Use in
• the Eastern Champion- ¦
ship Games.
Coaching Parade and Other
• Events for , the
; Season.
BURLINGAME MEN
PLAN RACES AND
A HORSE SHOW
More State Aid.
President Wheeler presented a re
port of the committee of the Coun
cil . of the Associated Alumni in re
gard to a plan for improving the finan
cial condition of the university by secur
ing more liberal State aid through a tax
on Incorporations and a small inheritance
tax. This report was signed by George
Edwards, Gaston E. Bacon, L. de F.
Bartlett, William E. Ritter and Charles
W. Slack. At the conclusion of the read
ing of the report. Regent Foster asked
that a copy of the report be -sent to each
Regent as it was a matter of,. Importance
and should be studied before action was
taken. Regent Houghton thought the
plan ought to be brought to the public's
attention at once so that It Would appre
ciate the needs of the university. State
Superintendent of Instruction Kirk said
he concurred heartily with what Regent
Poster said and thought the matter should
be turned over to a committee to examine
the plan and report at a future meeting.
A motion was made that a committee of
three be appointed and Chairman Wallace
named Regents Foster, Slack and John E.
Budd.
After a large number of bills had been
rfad and ordered paid the budget was
taKen up. v Regen» Reinsteln was of the
opinion that care should be taken in pass-
Ine upon the financial statement and he
asked President Wheelpr what his views
were In the matter. The latter refrained
from answering, as he saw that he could
not stay its postponement. He did say
that he was, goinK Kast to-night on.busi
ness for the university and -would be gone
a month. Mr. Reinsteln, therefore, made
a motion that the consideration of the
budget be postponed until a special meet
ing to be held on July 24. The motion pre
vailed. Regent Budd gave notice that he
would strike out a number of Items In the
budget.
' The building committee asked for $4000
to furnish .the chemical laboratory with
sinks, gas, water fixtures, furniture, fur
naces and chemical apparatus, but' action
was deferred until the next meeting. Pro
fessor Edmund O'Neill will' be called up
on to Itemize the statement he submitted
to the buildings committee.
; Jtidpe 'Wallace, havins: in mind the dan
ger of destruction by fire of the valuable
art treasures that fill the rooms of the
Art Institute, offered a resolution to the
effect that the committee on buildings
and grounds be requested to communicate
with Chief Sullivan and ask that nfflr'al
to make a thorough Inspection of the
building with a view to suggesting the
best means of protecting the place from
fire. Tho resolution was unanlmously
adopted. '
L. D. Syle, associate professor of English
literature Instead of language and literature;
\V. D. Armes. assistant professor or English lit
erature Instead of language and lltarature; H.
Kower, assistant professor of drawing: instead
of instrumental drawing; F. V. Paget. profes
sor of Romanic languages and literatures in
stead of French and Spanish languages and lit
eratures; department, of education instead of
pedagogy (T. L. Heaton accordingly assistant
in education). - ¦¦ .-,---
William F. Belfrase was appointed instructor
In mathematics in the Wllmerding School at
»12C0 a year instead of Arthur Wellington Gray,
resigned. The resignation of Dr. Langfeld as
professor of materia medlca and chemistry in
the dental department was accepted and Joseph
Duprey Hogden, D.D.S., was appointed as his
successor.
In accordance with the report of the board of
administration of the Le Conte Fellowship Miss
Alice Robertson and Knight Dunlap were ap
pointed Le Conte Fellows for 1900-01.
•Professor Thomas R. Bacon was appointed
dean of the summer session and empowered to
sign, requisitions in the absence of the presi
dent in the East.
/There will be weeping and w«aillng in
the ranks of the University of California
professors and assistant professors wrlen
they learn that they will not receive their
annual salaries, until the latter. part of
July. : Action on the budget submitted by
President Wheeler to the Beard of Re
gents of. the university was postponed by
that body until July 21. There was a
unanimity of action In deferring the mat
ter, al the Regents expressed a desire to
examine into each account before voting
for. an appropriation to pay them.
The meeting held by the Regents In
their rooms in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art 'was not enlivening. Business of
p*urely routine character was discussed
and acted upon without debate. "All rec
ommendations made by President Wheeler
were Instantly approved by the members
! of the board. . He recommended the fol
1 lowing reappointments in addition to those
I made at the last meeting of the Board of
Regents:
University printing- office— J. Gilllck, assist
ant.
Department . of agriculture— Emll Kellner.
gardener college of agriculture and superin
tendent of grounds; t>. T. Fowler and A. J.
Cook, conductors of farmers' institutes; J. H..
Barber, foreman south coast range station; J.
W. Neal, foreman foothill station, and H. B.
Allen, workman in charge of Chico forestry sta
tion.
Department of German— M. Centner, assist
ant in German; H. Ongerth, reader in German.
• Department of -philosophy— .IV. P. Montague,
Instructor In logic and the theory of knowl
edge; £.. C. - Moore, instructor in philosophy,
one-half time to be devoted to education.
Department of physics — W. J. Raymond and
II IV Lewis, assistant professors of physics;
E. R. Drew and A. C. Alexander. Instructors
in physics; W. R. Stamper, mechanician: A.
Incell, Elmer Hall, W. T. Skilling and P. G.
Nuttlnpr. assistants in physics.
Department of Semitic languages— M. L>.
Margolis, associate professor of Semitic lan
guages. ..;-,•
The resignation of F. L. Wharff, in
stBuctor in German, was announced.' Mr.
Wharff has resigned to take up other
work. • • - ¦
Change in Salary List.
The following changes in the salary Hst
were ordered:
Kate M. White. Janltress East Hall, from $4<w»
to $B00; M. C. Flaherty, from $300 to $1000: A.
W. Whitney, from JinflO to IliCO: E. J. Wiic
zynski, from $1000 to $1100; WV A. Lynn, from
$1000 to $1100: J. D. Mortimer, from $6C0 to $750:
A. C. Rabson, from $6C0 to $750: A. A. rt'An
cona, $S0O in place of fees, as heretofore; E.
P. Lewis. $1800 (returned after two years' i
leave). "-•¦ I
A provision of $1200 was made for a cataloguer
in the library.
The following appointments were made
on the recommendation of the president:
Leroy Anderson, to be instructor In dairy
husbandry nt $1200; Willson J. Wythe (Uni
versity of California. 1S95), instructor in draw
ing In place of A. V. Saph (resigned); N. L.
Gardner, 13. S. (University of Washington), as
sistant in botany at $600 In place of A. A.
Lawson (resigned), and W. P. Boynton, hon
orary instructor in physics.
The following changes In title were
made:
Important Recommendations Made
bj. President Wheeler and Ac
cepted by the Regents.
New Appointments.
They Decline to Pass Upon
Salaries Until Late in
/ July.
REGENTS TOOK
NO ACTION ON
ANNUAL BUDGET
GRANT'S LAST TRIP
FULL OF EXCITEMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTTNE 13, 1900.
2
FROM SEA AND SHORE
JUDGE B. M. ALLEN, GRAND EXALTED RULER OF THE BENEVO
LENT AND PROTECTIVE ORDER OF ELKS.
Good Appetite
Comes by Toning the Stomach
with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
A good appetite Is essential to good
health; Strength, vigor and enduranco
are imparted to' the body by the nourish-
ment derived from'. plenty, of well digested
food. Hood's Sarsaparilla la a" wonderful
medicine to. create 'an appetite and give
strength. It gently tones the stomach,
cures dyspepsia - and builds up the whole
system. ; :
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Best Medicine Money Can Buy.
Prepared by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell.
Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ /
We have been curing
diseases and weakness of
men since ¦ 1881. During
that period our remedies,
methods and appliances
have been proved supe-
rior to all others. We j
have the largest and best
equipped medical institu- I
tion and the most exten-
sive practice in Ameitca.
Afflicted men can consult
us free of charge, and need
not pay for a cure till they
are well. Our offices, labo-
ratories, reception and op-
erating rooms are at the old
location. 731 Market St..
San Franeiseo. We fur-
nish patients all medicines
free and make a specialty
of home cures. Write or
call for private book and
terms.
/ \
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FTLLED AB»
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN by our late
scientific method applied to the gruma. J»o
sleep-produeinff agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
i and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIX. Full set of
teeth Jo, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold filllnga, $1. Silver flil-
lnzs. oOc. All work done by GHADUATE
DENTISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience,
and each department In charge of a apeclaJiat.
Give us a call, and you -will find us to do ex-
actly as we advertise. We will tell you In ad-
vance exactly what your work will cost by a
FUEE EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 19 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
I will raarantee
M$$£&jZ\2!\ that my Rheumatism
jg|gK8Si£«filL ure wiI1 r e!i eTe him-
v&f^^^L bago, sciatica and all
nf*T rheumatic pains in
2* ¦» i~£l!^r * wo or tb 11 ** hoars,
vr *&i£p&r and cure 5n a few
Y ay ' BUNION.
y^cT^slC At «11 druggists.
orfk^^irf^bb. 2Ck? - a vial - Guiiie
Twi^235^W t0 Hpa ! th **<* metJ i-
'1 I PK cal adTice free.
1 I • 1505 Arch gt.. PhDa.
lU^ FAVORITE
[RESCRIPTION
1 JSL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
<« 1^?*£5>**^*^S3!3 fnsrty for (ioncrri^eaT
*Z^^CCKE6*Va Gleet. Spermatorrhcpt
?SSfTrini toSdtri.^ Nhit6a. nnnatara! ii*.
Cfibf? Gcirenteej m chiir^'9, cr «ny inflamm*.
R*t»W not to etru-.iio. tion. (irritation or ulcer*.
Ri_Z_»r.»«at» erausiaa. tioo o< nneoai meat
K*irH£EvJWSCH«ncuCa *>raae«. Non-Mttlngeat.
f«gt4ciNat)UTi.o.8JSSj J » o!d °y *>*o*sri*ts
v .^BHrtr V Orcoiar sou ** t£^:
m^nniiffci i nwimli iwrinitTrtw - ~ ~tion met in May in Honolulu it elected as
delegates to the general national conven
tion: B. P. Dillingham, William R. Cas
tle, Samuel Parker and A. N. Kepoikal
and C. B. Wilson delegate at large. Dil
lingham and Castle were in the United
States at the time, but Parker and Ke
poikai were in Honolulu and present at
the scene of political election. '
Owing to a misunderstanding four dele
gates at large were elected, although the
allotment to Hawaii was but two. The
Hawaiians were not sure of this fact, so
they chose the full- number. By agree
ment among themselves and by order of
the convention ¦ which -Invested Its dele
gates with representative power, should
there be any. controversy over the num
ber Samuel Parker and A. N. Kepoikal are
to be considered the proper und authentic
representatives.
AMONG the passengers on the China,
'which arrived in this port yester
day, were Samuel Parker, 'A. N.
Kepoikal and C. B. Wilson, three
Hawaiian delegates to the National Re
publican Convention at Philadelphia,
They were elected in Honolulu at tho
meeting of the first P.epublican Territorial
Convention in the islands, and by virtue
of this election will sit In the big conclave
of Republican representatives who will
soon come together to settle upon a can
didate for the supreme executive office of
the United States. - - -r"
This journey of thousands of mites over
sea and landMs the logical development of
the constitutional act of annexation.
When the Republican Territorial Conven-
Both these men are well known in the
islands,* particularly Parker, who Is also
prominent in this country on account of
his vast commercial enterprises. They
were ardent supporters of ex -Queen Lil
luokalani, but upon her deposition they
accepted the inevitable and fell In line
with the republican movement. Later on
came the establishment of the republic
and. then annexation. Progressive and
active they were found in the new move
ment, but ever faithful to the Queen and
always solicitous of -her welfare.
At present the party is stopping at the
Palace Hotel. They will leave this even-*
Ing on the overland and proceed directly
to Philadelphia. ,-'.¦-
C. B. Wilson has prepared a compre
hensive paper on the conditions, political
and social, existing in the Hawaiian Isl
ands. He will ask to have it read before
the convention.
Republican Delegates From the Hawaiian Islands.
the bolters, named Marcum for National
Committeeman and elected the following
delegates: At large— W. ¦ T. Hutchins:
Muskopree; J. F.' Sharp. Purcell. District
delegates— Ed Lee, Creek Nation; George
A. Mansfield, Choctaw Nation: R. S. Wil
liams, Chiekasaw Nation; Davis Hill
Cherokee -Nation.
The regular convention adopted resolu
tions indorsing Bryan; denouncing the
Republican policy of - expansion; ex
firessing sympathy for the Boers: favor
ng home rule in the Territory and de
manding that the Indians be treated fairly
and justly and that none of their treaties
be changed without their consent.
REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY
IS NOT A CANDIDATE
PHILADELPHIA. June 12.— The TIme3
to-morrow will say editorially: "The
name.'of :Rear Admiral Schley has been
repeatedly suggested as on the Hat from
which the Democrats would be likely to
choose their candidate for President or
Vice President, but all who. know the
views of Rear Admiral Schley' uniformly
that such .use ' of ' his name was
not only unwarranted but against his own
distinctly .expressed wishes and purposes.
'He was specially careful before going to
sea - in • command of the South Atlantic
squadron, to declare to his friends -that
under no circumstances would he consent
to become a political candidate.
\ "Notwithstanding the publicity- given
those repeated and emphatic declarations
of Rear Admiral Schley, he has been fre-
led some to believe that there may be
trouble.'
Tho opposition to" McLean comes from
silver extremists. •
The ultra-silver delegates alsoappear to
be dissatisfied with the proposition to in
dorse- Dewey for the Vice ¦ Presidential
nomination. " '.
?
TWO DELEGATIONS v,
FROM INDIAN TERRITORY
ARDMORE. I. T., June 12.— Indian Ter
ritory will send contesting ; delegations to
the . National Democratic Convention. The
Territorial convention, which convened
here yesterday and split into rival fac
tions because of the bitter fight between
A. J. .Wolverton and Thomas Marcum,
both candidates for National Committee
man, continued to-day as two conventions.
Both conventions nominated delegates to
the Kansas City, convention. * There was
bitter feeling on : both Bides , and - street
fights were numerous. •
The Wolverton faction, which was suc
cessful in organiiins the regular conven
tion yesterday, named Wolverton for Na
tional. Committeeman and elected the fol
lowing delegates to the Kansas City con
vention: At large— Preston S. Davis,
Vlnita; C. H. Tully. Eufaula; D.W. Talbot,
Miami; ' Yancy Lewis, South MeAlester.
District delegates— George Barefoot and
A. • J. ' Milburn, Chiekasaw Nation; L.
Walker and G. W. Bill, Creek Nation; J.
J.'; MeAlester and Jack Hurley, - Choctaw
Nation ; J. M. > Reynold3 and J. A. Tlllot
eon, Cherokee Nation.
The Marcum convention, composed of
Presidential nomination on the Republi
can national ticket, which he has abso
lutely declined. "I have nothing to add."
paid the Governor, "to what I have al
ready said. My decision is irrevocable."
M'LEAN MEN CONTROL %
PRELIMINARY MEETINGS
COLUMBUS, June 12.— The McLean men
controlled tho preliminary meetings to
day, but they are evidently playing for
harmony more than for places^ and may
not carry out the same programme in the
Democratic State Convention to-morrow.
John R. McLean's friends. are in the ma
jority on the new State Central Commit
tee that was selected before and it will
select the campaign chairman and mem
bers of the State .Executive Committee at
a later • It is claimed that the Mc-
Lean men in securing control of the party
organization to-nignt for- another year
have* all 1 they wanted.^ although they
could control everything to-morrow, as
they also have majorities on the conven
tion committees and there will be a
free-for-all contest for the State ticket
and delegates and alternates at ¦ large to
the Kansas City convention.
The contests from - Cleveland and. Day
ton came before tho old Stato committee
this afternoon. The tickets and badges
were given to the McLean delegates from
both Cuyahoga and Montgomery counties.
As these decisions apply only for seats
during the temporary, organization the
result may yet be reversed. The applica
tion to the Mayor to-night for twenty, po
licemen at the convention hall to-morro'w
Republican Representatives Who Will Take Part in the
Big Philadelphia Gathering That Will Nominate
FIRST HAWAIIAN DELEGATES TO
OUR NATIONAL CONVENTIONS
a President.
The resolutions set forth that tho or
ganization of a convention was necessi
tated by the tactics of the faction In con
trol of the party machinery and the re
fusal of the convention of yesterday to
accord the other side any voice in the
proceedings. The auditorium convention
is denounced and Its action repudiated,
the methods of those controlling it con
demned, and the following plank is on the
Senatorial question:
We cordially and heartily Indorse the actions
of the Hon. William A. Clark. Senator of the
United States from the State of Montana. In
his endeavors to prevent the debasement of
the ballot in this State. We regard with
pride the record he has made since his election
to the Senate; and we condemn the action of
those who for the 'gratification of personal
spite and contrary to the wish of the Democrats
of thi9 county and of the people of this State
generally have attempted without success to
bring him and the Democrats of Stiver Bow
County and State of Montana into disrepute.
The platform favors election of Sena
tors by the people's direct vote.
Congressman Campbell's course In Con
gress and In the Senatorial investigation
is denounced. \
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES
TO GO TO SACRAMENTO
BUTTE, June 12.— The Democrats who
left tho Silver Bow county convention
yesterday and organized a convention of
their own to-day named a full delegation
to represent this county in the State con
vention. Senator William A. Clark head*
the delegation.
MONTANA DEMOCRATS
ARE PROUD OF CLARK
Your editorials touching th» talk of placing
me In nomination with Mr. Bryan rrflert pre
cisely what my views are. I know nothing of
politics nor of political life, and under no cir
cumstances would I allow the use of my name
before any convention for any office whatever.
I have passed the ace when >"reKldentlal or any
other kind of bees worry me. 1 know nothing
of the duties of any political office and am
fully content to live the years yet left me in
quiet retirement from the turmoil of any office.
I am resolved irrevocably not to accept any
nomination If It wore tendered, and If in my
absence I Ehould be elected I would net serve.
" "This letter from Rear Admiral Schley
was written without any view of publica
tion and in all the frankness of trusting
friendship, but it is only an act of Justice
to him that .his views thus clearly and
pointedly expressed should be known to
the whole country." -jv'-
quently discussed as a candidate for the
Vice Presidency on the ticket with Bryan.
The expression from the pear admiral of
refusal to accept public office has Just
been repeated by him in a private letter
to the editor of the Times, dated Rio Ja
neiro, May 15; from which the following
extract is taken:
It is an open question whether an ef
fort will be made by this convention to
The Democratic State Convention called
to elect eighteen delegates to the national
convention of the party will assemble in
¦Sacramento at 10 a. m. to-morrow. Seth'
Mann,' chairman of the State Central
Committee, left the city last evening for
the capital. Several delegates from the
Interior were in town yesterday, among
them E. C. Farnsworth of Tulare, who
will be Selected chairman of the conven
tion. Many other : delegates will arrive
to-day, and leave San Francisco for Sac
ramento this evening.
New State Central Committee.
DEMOCBATS NEARLY READY.
Debating on How They Shall Form a
Murray Township— W. II. Egan, John Swee
ney.
¦ There are still tinreported the delegates
from Washington Township and one from
Murray Township. *
OAKLAND. June 12.— The following
named delegates have been reported to the
Democratic County Committee as elected
to represent Alameda County at the State
convention, which will be held Thursday
at Sacramento:
At large— M. F. Tarpey, R. M. Fltigerald. SI.
Oakland: First XVard-J. C. Bullock, E. J.
Second "Ward— A. V. Mendenhall, "W. H. Ma-
BUirf J Doran E. J. Erickson.
Third Ward— T. C. Coogan, J. J. McDonald,
A. T Macdonoush.
Fourth Ward— Seth Mann. S. Bachrach, J. E.
McElroy.' ¦
Fifth Ward— J. W. Layroance, H. C. MePike.
Sixth Ward— H. A. Luttrell, J. R. Glascock.
M. E. Maruire.
Seventh Ward— Leo Fuchs, R. F. Dubcmet.
A Smith.
Alameda— J. J. Tobln. A. F. Huff. W. E.
Scully. John CBrlen.. «
Berkeley — Frank Armstrong, James McXulty,
William Curtis.
Brooklyn Township— H. E. Harwood. D. D.
Hayes. >
Oakland Township— W. H. Christie. T. D.
Sullivan. M. A. Fltzuatrick.
Eden Township— C. *\V. Heyer. C. Petersen.
L. Godchaux.
come to tho front at the National Com
mittee meeting to-morrow. The resolu
tion of Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin,
presented at last winter's meeting ami
which was withdrawn before it was put
to a vote, will again be pressed, but not
by Its author. The strongest supporters
of the Payne measure come from New
England. Colonel Charles K. Brayton,
national commlttecman from Rhode Isl
and, who is also chairman of the Khode
Island delegation, will make a strong ef
fort to have the representation changed.
Henry E. Tiepke, Commissioner of In
dustrial Statistics of Rhoac Island, who
will be Colonel Brayton's proxy in to
morrow's meeting, said to-night ne would
endeavor to carry out the colonel's
wishes. Committeeman Bray tor., he said,
has been in communication with the na
tions! committeemen of all the States and
his replies include more than twenty who
favor the Payne resolution. This resolu
lution provides for four dclegates-at
l&rge. for each State and an additional del
egate for every 10,000 Republican votes
1 or majority fraction thereof, based on the
returns of the last Presidential election.
The meeting of the National Committee
will be devoted largely to the hearing of
contests from the various States. It Is
not believed that the committee will fin
ish this part of its work in one day.
The sub-committee of the National Com
mittee held another meeting to-day be
hind closed doors. According to Chair
man Manley nothing but routine business
was considered.
The convention hall will be formally
transferred to the National Committee to-,
morrow afternoon, although the sergeant
at arms will not assume control of the
hall until Saturday or probably Monday
morning. Invitations have been extended
by the citizens' convention committee to
Senator Hanna, the members of the Na
tioal Committee and a number of invited
guests to inspect the hall. Speeches will
be made by Mayor Ashbridge and several
others of the visitors.
President McKinley's picture is begin
ning to appear on every hand, although
the actual nomination is seldom men
tioned by the throngs. The Vice Presi
dential gossip, however, has taken a wide
range. The name? of many prominent
men throughout the country are men
tioned as possibilities. So far there has
been no Concentration of forces here of
any one man, and there probablv will not
be until the National Committee gets to
pother.
DEMAND A SOUTHERN
MAN FOR CHAIRMAN
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 12.— Two promi
nent features are uppermost in the minds
cf the Democratic delegates who to-day
started for the Sacramento convention.
One faction declares that If the north
erners have any man booked for chair
man other than former Senator White
he must be pulled down. On this the
delegations seem insistent. Another fac
tion als>o is as vehement in its demands
that Martin C. Marsh of Los Angeles
shall pound the gavel. One fact is ap
parent—that the delegates from the south
are united and that no wing or faction
can win without their support. It is a
foregone conclusion that Stephen White
will go as delegate at large. Ex-Governor
Budd in the past few days has developed
unusual strength, which causes the stock
of Phelan to be held at a low figure.
Opposition to Phelan arises from the con
test of two years ago, when the "Moss
back" element, then in control here, sup
ported Phelan. The situation is now re
versed and the San Francisco Mayor ¦will
find a big knife that will cut very close
to the top among his San Francisco ad
herents. As free transportation is not
lacking those who intend to give proxies
have decided to go to enjoy the scramble
that is sure to follow the gathering.
SACRAMENTO PREPARES
FOR THE CONVENTION
Sprcial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 12.— Convention
Hall Is being nut in readiness for the bl«t
Democratic gathering Thursday. D. W.
Carmlchael of Sacramento will be sec
retary of the convention. Mr. Carmichael
this afternoon appointed John V. Powers
of Sacramento chief clerk and P. A.
Byrne of Sacramento to a clerkship.
Grass Valley or Nevada City will be given
a clerkship, but the selection will not
be made to-night. Tho best informed
Democrats here say that Judge Farns
worth of Southern California, who was an
afpirant for nomination as a Supreme
Justice at the last regular convention,
will be chosen ciialrman of the conven-
Seth Mann, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, arrived on a
late train to-night.
Boosevelt Absolutely Declines.
ALBANY, N. Y., June 12.— Governor
Roosevelt to-day reiterated " his ' former
statement relative to accepting tho Vice
PHILADELPHIA. June 12— This city Is
rapidly taking on a national convention
aspect. A number o£ national committee
men and delegates arriv»»d-to-day and the
hotels are beginning to till up. Prominent
among the national committeemen now on
the crounds are Frederick S. Gibbs of
New York. Einbassadcr Powell Clayton
of "Arkansas. J. W. Yerkes of Kentucky
and L. F. Hubbard of Minnesota.
Nearly all the other members of the
National Committee are expected to-mor
row morning to attend the meeting of the
committee, which is called for noon.
Chairman Hanna Js due at 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. The old question of
representation in Republican national
conventions, which agitated the National
Committee at Its meeting at Washington
last December, ' is more than likely to
DELEGATES from California to the
Republican National Convention
left the city for Philadelphia at 10
a. m. yesterday. Two Pullman
sleepers of the regular passenger train
were reserved for tho delegates, alternates
and convention visitors from California,
There was no special demonstration in
honor of the departure of the delegation,
owing perhaps to the fact that seven of
the delegation, among them three repre
sentatives at large, had gone East in ad-
V«jice of the main body.
Among the Republicans who crossed the
bay on tho 10 o'clock boat to give the dele
gallon a "send off" at the Oakland mole
were Lieutenant Governor Neff, William
Hamilton, William Reynolds, Dan T. Cole,
D. :.L Bums, Edward Conroy and Jacob
Sterpacher.
The reserved Pullmans were forward of
the regular sleepers, and by the time the
delegates found where they belonged the
conductor was shouting "All aboard.",
The bearer of the silken banner had to
r.urry up to get tho standard aboard. A
Btreamer running- lengthwise of the first
car bore the inscription. "California Dele
gation to National Republican Convention,
lwi." A picture of President McKinley
•was displayed on a. shield^of the streamer.
The inscription on the second car was:
"West Greets East; North Greets South.
Union, Prosperity, McKinley. Golden
California to Iron Pennsylvania. Indus
try Makes Wealth."
When the train pulled out Dan T. Cole
lifted his hat and proposed three cheers
for tho Republican delegation. The cheers
were given and the departing delegates
isiimaled approval.
KENO, Nev.. June 12.— After the adieus
at the Oakland mole the delegation im
mediately proceeded to get in traveling
trim and hats wore exchanged for caps,
riatty coats for light easy jackets. At
Suisun a large crowd -was In waiting- to
ylve the delegation a final che«r and bid
bon voyage to Delegate R. D. Rohbins.
who boarded the train at that place.
Jacob Steppacher accompanied tho
party to Sacramento. As usual he was
l>u?y with ilnal touches and completing
arrangements that seemed most satisfac
tory to all. The bag-gage car is filled with
fruit and wine, in fact so much was of-
I'ered there was not car space for it all.
A large crowd was at the depot at Sac
ramento. Alternate J. W. Wilson Jumped
on there. H<» will have the benefit of E.
C Hart's absence and will be a full
fledged delegate. Many prominent Re
publicans of the capital city were at the
depot, noticf-ably Charles C. Jones. Jaraed
13. Devine and a bevy of pretty girls.
Some enthusiastic lady friends of Judge
Van Fleo-t brought a great bouquet of
flowers. The Judge modestly and blush
lUgly accepted it and carried it Into the
train. (ff"he Judge's gallantry would not.
however, permit him to keep the prize,
for the train had hardly pulled out ot
tSacramento than the Judge presented the.
dower* to Mrs. Pardee.
A band of music added zest to the bust
ling crowd. The train only waited a
short time — long enough for two tunes
i>_nd then the bell and — off up the moun
tains.
Uadgcs similar In design to those cf
: c :*' have already been distributed. They
make a very neat, rich effect and no
ciiujljt. as in 1.S36, will be the most elegant
at the convtntion. A solid gold badge.
vi:rs:!ar to the plated ones being dis
tributed, has been made and will, after
tho nomination, be sent by the delegation
to President McKinley.
Thr re has been and it seems there will
be little or no politics on the train. Every
l>ody has settled down to a quiet, social
,time.
Gossip seems to favor Judge Van Fleet
as national committeemaa. D. M. Burns.
it is understood, has positively declined.
Ju<igo Van Kleet, when asked about the
matter, said: "I am not a candidate, but
sh< tilQ the delegation see fit to choose mo
I would not decline the honor."
The train arrived at Reno on time — 7:23.
Here the citizens of the Xevada metrop
olis assembled in multitude and cheered
the delegation on their way. The party
ct present consists of George C. Pardee,
1>. £. Cone. H. T. Powers. J. W. Wilson..
K. U. Robbins. M. A. Gunst, Judge W. C.
Van Fleet, Edgar D Pelxotto. W. M. Gar
land. Dr. Chester A. Rowcll and George
V.'. Reed.
COMITTEEMEN
BEGIN TO REACH
PHILADELPHIA
Judge Van Fleet Is
Being Spoken Of for
National Com-
mitteeman.
Scenes Incident to
the Departure
From City*
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES ON THE RAIL FOR PHILADELPHIA
State Democrats
Preparing to As
semble*
Indications That New
State Central Com
mittee Will Not
Be Chosen*
There Is a. sentiment among leading
Democrats In favor of deferring the selec
tion of a State Central Committee until
the nominating convention assembles.
No question of law to perplex the
party can be raised If this plan la fol
lowed.
It was reported yesterday In Democratic
circles that Daniel Ostrom of Tuba had
signified a readiness to withdraw from the
field as a candidate for delegate at large
In favor of M. K. Tarpey. It is the opin
ion of Interior delegates that W. II. Al
ford, who is popular in the country, was
too slow In making up his mind to becomo
a candidate for delegate at large. If he
had announced his candidacy several
weeks ago delegates who were then un
pledged would have promised him sup
port, but now they are half way com
mitted to support the slate ticket contain
ing the names of "White. Magulre, Phelan
and Tarpey. If Alford determines to fight
to the finish he may break the combina
tion, but a hard tight will be required.
There will be a great many proxies In
the convention, yet it is calculated that
two-thirds of the chosen delegates will
attend.
The party leaders are counting: on an
attendance of GOO delegates.
R. F. del Valle and Burke of Los An
geles. Ostrom of Yuba, Charles Edelman
and Jasper McDonald of San Francisco.
R. M. Fitzgerald of Alameda. John J. Mc-
Oonigle of Ventura. J. H. Henry of San
Jose and C. N. Wood of Stockton are
spoken of as district delegates to the
Kansas City convention.
A. W. Kepoykal. C. B. Wilson and Sam
uel Parker, delegates from Hawaii to tho
Republican National Convention, arrived
yesterday from Honolulu on the steamer
China. They regretted the departure of
the California delegates before the arrival
of the steamer.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marysvllle la
In the city. His friends assert that he
•will be nominated and elected to Congress
to succeed Marlon de Vries.
The opinion is expressed that the Re
publican State Convention committed an
error In this respect, and that by reason
of the error the right of the new Repub
lican State Committee to file petitions as
the governing body of the party may b«
challenged.
Lawyers cite section 11S6 of the Political
Code to sustain their contention. The sec
tion contains this definition:
A convention, within the meaning' of this act.
is an organized assemblage of delegates, elected
by ballot at a primary election, and represent
ing a political party which at the last election
before the holding of alien convention polled at
least 3 per cent of the entire vote of the State,
county, city and county, district or other po
litical division fcr which the nominations ar«
to be made. CONVENTIONS MAY. IX ADDI
TION TO MAKING NOMINATIONS OF* CAN
DIDATES FOR PUBLIC OFFICE. APPOINT
OR ELECT GOVERNING COMMITTEES FOR
THE RESPECTIVE PARTY THEY REPRE
SENT. WHICH COMMITTEE SHALL. SERVE
FOR THE NEXT KNSfING TVVO YEARS
AND UNTIL TUB NEXT BIENNIAL. CON
VENTION OF THE RESPECTIVE PARTY
WHICH THEY REPRESENT HAS ORGAN
IZED. BUT NO LONGER.
elect a new State Central Committee*.
Many able lawyers who have carefully
read the law bearing on elections and con
ventions have reached the conclusion that
It would not be prudent to choose a new
State Central Committee at this time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,' JUNE 13, 1900.
3
Leavetaking at the Oakland Mole When* the Republican Delegates
to the National Convention at Philadelphia Boarded the Train
for Their Eastern Trip.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WFREETOEN!
A Blest Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigror
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the Stato Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against the mental and
ijhyslcal suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
ruffer with any form of sexual weakness
jesultinc from youthful folly. 'premature
loss of strength end memory, weak bacit.
taricocele or emaciation of parts can now
lure themselves at home. Z"^",\
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
*-£[eet of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
fcnd development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the His and troubles that
come from- years cf misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
Fuccess in all cases. A request to th»
Btate Medical Institute. 228 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
icu desire one of their free trial pack-
ngep will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching - that
great rlass of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the fre«
rample will enable them to see how easy
'.t 1b to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies ere employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
rarefully sealed In a plain package, bo
that Its recipient need have no fear of
tmbarrassmerit or publicity. Readers are
ret"»ested to write without delay.
ADVEBTISOffENTS.
WHOLESALE ADVICE
For People Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poor.
Dr. Harlandson. -whose opinion In dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
man or woman comes to me complaining
of Indigestion, loss of appetite, sour stom-
ach, belching, sour watery-rlslnsr. head-
aches, sleeplessness. lack of ambition and
a general run-down nervous condition I
advise them to take after each meal ono
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lowing the tablets to dissolve In the
mouth, and thus mingle with the food
eaten. The result Is that the food la
speedily digested before It has time to
sour and ferment. These tablets will di-
gest the food anyway whether the stom-
ach wants to or not, because they contain
harmless digestive principles, vegetable
essences, pepsin and Golden Seal which
Buppty Just what %-.e weak stomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with . great
success both In curing Indigestion and to
build up the tissues. Increasing flesh In
thin, nervous patients, whose real trouble
was dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
ach was put to rights they did not know
what sickness was.
A EO-cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets can be bought at any drug store,
and as they are not a secret patent medi-
cine they can be used as often as de-
sired with full assurance that they con-
tain nothing harmful In the slightest de-
gree; on the contrary, any one whoso
stomach is at all deranged will find great
benefit from the use oX Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets. They will cure any form of
stomach weakness or diseases except can-
cer of the stomach.
You Are Weicoma to Credit.
FURNITURE. CARPETS, STOVES,
MATTINGS.' RL'GS. ETC.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN.
Houses Furnished Complete.
Free Delivery Within 100 Miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great 4
fisusEUSi of amToay#
\ ejr The Larrnt Anatomical Museum In the \
A - 7B, World. WnbKuo e* «ny contracted •
zi 3se*S>J disc«e pril«l»»l» eared 17 ill- olaal Y
9 f*S JriJ 1 Specialist rn the Ccduc Esz. 36 yoai*
A ifS&X Ca.nTS3AJM»£l7ATH DISEASES^
A I YStyM Trt itm?nt per»onaliy or hv letter. A K
\a D" Tlrf A >la *<W«lat«a7CMemd(itatca. \
IB B HI*, Wrt-fnrBoot.PUILO'tOPB-iftfi
"' H ll™ MAStMIASE. MA1UD BK.KU. ),\f
X Q (I vaiuabte boob let nwn; . \
9 Dli. lOBDAJf A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. fGRANT CAPTURES A
REBEL STRONGHOLD
The midweek stake* to be decided to
morrow at Ingleslde Coursing Park at
tracted an entry of forty greyhounds. The
sport will commence at 12:50 p. m., and
will be run through without intermission.
A new young greyhound, the progeny ot
Firm Friend and Nellie Conroy, will be
ptarted for the ftrFt Jlme. It was named
in ras time, being entered as Nigger Uahy.
The drawing last night resulted In the
dogs being drawn as follows:
Kelly Hauler's Baby King v». J. McEnroe'*
gtroniboli; J. H. V. Muller'B MoonMone va. J.
Carroll's BlU'tone; J. Watkins' Gladiator vs. j.
McEnroes Admiral Sampson; J. H. Pertgo'n
Controller v*. Oorge Englehart'a Mystery; Jp.
Dillon's Prince George vs. J. Hurley ¦ Ehylock
tkjy: F. Ca»»on'« Merry Maiden v*. J. R.
6i*ith'« Victor; J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. Al
AUEtin'p Nora Lawrence; J- McNeil a Pearl
Mac vb. M. Michillkrs Terronite; H. H. Grey's
Commander v«. D. Bresnahan's Kigrger, Baby;
C. O. Petereon'» Silver Clftud vs. J. V. Cole's
Mlrabll'.a: C. Brown's Olennida vs. J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen; J. Reeds Charley vs. P. H.
Head Flower; Farley Bros.' Mor««"«
Dogs Are Evenly Hatched for To-
Morrow's Stake — Midweek Event
to Be Bun To-Day at Union
Park.
FORTY GREYHOUNDS WILL
RUN AT INGLESIDE PARK
BRIGADIITR GENERAL WAU-
F.IEL.D announced last night the
successor to Colonel Glestlng as as
sistant adjutant genera.1 of the Sec
ond Brigade, N. G. C. The new staff offi
cer is Colonel John F. Burgin, for many
years intimately connected with the mili
tary organizations of this State and at
present president of the North Pacitlc
Railway.
At present Colonel Burgin is on the
i Governor's staff and is the inspector gen
eral of rifle practice. When he assumes
the duties of his new office, which, will be
July 1, 1900, he will voluntarily accept a
military title which Is one degree lower
than that of colonel, but its position will
bring him in active touch with the men.
Colonel Burgin's National Guard record 13
as follows:
Enlisted In Company B, First Infantry Regi
ment, September, 1876; discharged September,
1S79; appointed commissary sergeant In May,
1S»7 and promoted to sergeant major Fifth In
fantry. Seepnd Rrlgade, March 28, l&SS; first
lieutenant and ordnance officer, same rcglmenti
October 19, 1SS8; major and Inspector of .rifle
practice, staft of the brigadier general com
nmndinR Second Brigade, August -11, ,1890; lieu
tenant colonel and ald-de-camp, staff of the
commander in chief, Beptember 15, 1831; colonel
and I. O. R. oractice July 6. 1S9S. .
COLONEL. JOHN F. BURGIN.
COLONEL BURGIN
IS THE ADJUTANT
General Warfield Appoints
Him as Assistant on
His Staff.
THREE LIVES
LOST AT A FIRE
IS NEW YORK
Fatalities Attend the Burn
ing of a Big Coop
erage.
Flames Spread Rapidly and Many-
Employes "Were Forced to Jump
From the "Win
dows.
NEW YORK, June 12.— Three men were
killed, eight so badly burned or maimed
that they are In the hospital and three
other men are missing, as the result of a
flre in the cooperage establishment of
Paul Weldmann, at North Kleventh street
and Wythe avenue, Willlamsburg, Brook
lyn, to-night. The property loss is -vari
ously estimated at from $75,000 to $250,000.
The dead are:
Al'GUST BKNEDICT, 59 years old,
burned so badly that he died Immediately
after being taken from the building.
. JOHN >I. LOCK WOOD, 66 years old,
died from b^ing crushed. by falling tim-
UNKNOWN MAN. burned to death.
The building was four stories high and
there were over "100 employes in the place
at the time. Many of these leaped from
the windows. It is said at least two score
of people dropped before the firemen had
arrived. When they came many were
hanging fruin the upper windows.
August Benedict. «'i cooper, was hang-
Ing out of one of the windows with all
of his clothing allame. He held on to the
ledge while the ladder .was being run up
to him. He was so badly burned when he
was taken down that he died half an
hour afterward.
John M. Lockwood had his chest
crushed by a falling timber and died in
the Eastern District Hospital about 11
o'clock to-night.
The unknown man was taken from the
burned building late to-night, and the
body was so badly charred that ldentitl
catlon was Impossible.
The following injured are In the Nor
wegian Hospital:
John M. Lockwood Jr.. 24 years of age,
son of the dead man; chest crushed and
body burned.
George Hcmllng. 25 years of age; broken
ankle and numerous contusions.
John Donifla. an Italian boy, 15 years of
Frank Cocoma, 13 years old.
James Hazelton, 31 years old and August
Smith, who disappeared from the scene,
were not seriously injured. ¦
Firemen Joseph Fee and George D.
Schenan were severely injured.
OF INTEREST. TO THE
PEOPLE, OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Com
missioned and Appointed and
Postal. Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 12.— The following
have been granted pensions:
California — Original: Frederick H.
Sheperd, Los Angeles, $G; JameS H. Gal
landctt, San Francisco, IS; George W.
Nye, Yuba City, $6; RIel J. Thomson,
French Gulch, $6; George Shaw, Los An
geles, $6. Additional— Edwin W. Bushnell,
San Francisco, $8; Michael Lighthill, Fort
Jones, $8. Increase— John Mitchell, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; frank Pas
chal, Mt. Olive. $8; Amos x P. ¦ Merrlck.
Campo, $S; William Story, National City,
$12; Sylvester Davis, Mokelumne Hill, $12.
Original widows, etc.— Alice I. Bestor,
Inglewood, $3; Hannah M. Gregory, Los
Washington— Original: John R. Kin
near. Seattle. $G: William B. -Cowgill.
Spokane, $10. Increase— John Schulz,
Spokane, $8. War with Spain (widows,
etc.): Mary L. Forlson, Seattle, ??0; An
nie McGee, Vancouver, $12. _
Oregon-Original: David R. Hubbard,
Marquam, $8. Increase— Lyman P. Han-
n A. postoifiee has, been established' at
Sweetbrier, Multnomah County, Or., with
Robert G. Combs Postmaster. .
¦ The postoftice has been discontinued at
San Martin, Santa Clara County, . and
mail will be sent to Morgan Hill, instead
of to rtucker. as heretofore announced.
Joseph B. Bryant of Palms has been
commissioned Postmaster. -The ; following
Postmasters have been appointed: Bpr
ato San Bernardino County, Edmond II.
Molt, vice' George G. Haskins. resigned :
Occidental, Sonoma County. J. O.' Meeker,
vice Louls-S. Beodle, resigned.
The following patents have been grant
ed: California— Golden Gate, Louis La
caille. weight measurer and cutter for
cheese; Ferndale. Honry S.
glove; Los Angeles. Rufus.H. Dorn, mi T
ter box; Melville C- "Wilkinson, tide mo
tor;: Sacramento, Stanton foreman, as
signor to Schaw. Ingram. Batcher &Xo..
Sacramento, hydraulic riveting machine;
Vipalia, John 8. Jordan and R.E.. Hal
stead nail or spike drawing device; Han
Francisco, Frank W. Warren, desk arm
Warren W. Phil
brick mfitcherhe'ad ; Tacoma, William F.
Sheard front sight for firearms; Aber
deen, Mllo R. Stapp, curette.
Oregon— Portland, John B. Kelly, as
signor one-half to C.-L. Van Buskirk,
LodiCaL. water closet attachment; Gold
en; Schuyler C. and W, N. Ruble, elevator
and separator. ;.,. \ ¦
¦ ' — ? .'¦",.'
Funeral of K G.' Freeman.
Special Dispalch to The Call. >'¦
JACKSON, June 12.— The funeral of E.
G. Freeman, a highly respected citizen" of
Jackaon since 1S62, took place to-day un
der the auspices of the Odd Fellows and
Workmen. Deceased was 70 years old and
leaves a widow and large family of gTown
children, including ex-District Attorney
K. A. Freeman. The cause of death was
consumption.
BOSTON ADVANCES.
Bean-Caters Crawl TJp From Last,
Being Wow in Fifth Place.
CORRECT STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
Clubs— TV. L. Pet. CJubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia. W 15 .634 Boston 19 20 .487
Brooklyn ....24 16 .600 ChicaKO 20 23 .465
Pitteburg ...23 22 .511 New York.. .16 23 .410
St. Louis.... 20 21 .4S8 Cincinnati ..18 24 .400
PHILADELPHIA. June 12.— It lookafl to be a
victory for St. Louis until the seventh inning
to-day, when Philadelphia took a brace at the
bat. The locals made two doubles and two
singles, which, with a wild throw by Tebeau.
gave them five runs and the game. Attend
ance 3500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louis 5 16 3
Philadelphia 6 9 2
Batteries — Jones and Crlger; Donohue and Mc-
Farland. Umpire — Hurst. . - k
BROOKLYN, June 12.— Irwin's home run
with McBrlde on second tied the score In the
ninth to-day, but Keeler's triple and Jennings'
single returned the Brooklyns winners In their'
half. It was a pitchers' battle. In which Kit
son had the advantage of steady support. At
tendance 800. Score: ;
Clubs — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 6 2
Brooklyn 5 6 1
Batteries— Scott and Wood; Kitson and Mc-
Guire. Umpire— O' Day.
XEW YORK, June 12. — To-day's game be
tween the New Yorks and Chicagos was a
pitchers' battle. Carrick had the. better of it.
He. kept the Chicago team's hits well scat
tered. The New Yorks won the game by mix
ing hits with tho errors of Chicago in the
Elxth and eighth Innings. Attendance 21<H>.
Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
New York 4 S 1
Chicago 0 9 3
Batteries — Carrick and Bowerman; Callahan
and Donahue Umpire— Swartwood.
BOSTON. June 12.— Neither Boston nor Pitts
burg could bat with any effect to-day, but
bases on balla proved costty, Pittsburgh run
and two of the Bostons' being scored by men
who went to first by grace of the pitcher.
Score: ." •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3 4 2
Plttsburg 15 1
Batteries— Dinneen and Sullivan; Chesbro and
O'Connor. Umpire — Emslle.
American Association.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 12.— Minneapolis 0,
Buffalo 4.
MILWAUKEE, June 12.— Milwaukee 4. In
dianapolis 2.
KANSAS CITY. June IS.— Kansas City 6.
Cleveland 9.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Chicago 6, Detroit 5.
m
REFUSE TO SELL FRUIT.
With the Price Offered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kings County Growers Not Satisfied
HANFORD, June 12.— The aprlcot-grow
ers of Kings County have brought the
cannery combine to time here. When the
apricot season opened here the buyers for
Fontaha & Co. went through the county
here and offered the growers $15 per ton
for their fruit. The growers would not
sell them a pound of fruit at that price,
and informed the agents that they would
dry their fruit first, and nearly every man
in tho country that had a pound of apri
cots proceeded to make arrangements to
dry them.
Now the buyers for the combine are out
trying to buy apricots for $20 per ton, but
are getting very little fruit, as the grow
ers are getting 6H cents and 7% cents for
their apricots dried, and this is- better
than $20 per ton green, besides when they
sell to the cannery the fruit was to be
picked from the trees and assorted.
The manager of the cannery announced
to-day that the Indications are that the
institution will not open until : the
peaches come in, as the growers are not
Jumping over themselves to sell apricots
at $20 per ton.
If the cannery of Fontana & Co. expects
to do business in Kings County this year
the fruit growers will have to be paid a
fair price for their fruit and there is
plenty of sunshine here and dried fruit
is bringing good prices.
SUDDENLY GOES INSANE,
cultism.
Result of Too Close Study Into Oc-
MONTEREY, June 12.,— D. J. Houghton.
a prominent business man and capitalist
of this place, has suddenly gone insane as
a result of too close study into occultism.
He believes himself surrounded by shapes
of dead and living 1 persons, by whom he Js
told to do most peculiar things, and under
hallucination disappeared last night, par
tially < nude, from his home In Seaside,
being found at noon to-day in a deplorable
condition. The mania has grown grad
ually,' but only developed alarming symp
toms yesterday. He will be at once placed
under treatment, as the belief is that the
trouble is only .temporary.
DegTee for Choate.
LONDON, June 12.— Cambridge Univer
sity this afternoon conferred the degree
of L.L.. D. on Joseph H. Chbate, the
United States Embassador, and Professor
John "Williams White of Harvard. In
presenting the degree. to Mr. C^oate, the
public orator, Dr. Sandys; briefly touched
on the many ties linking the United
States and Great Britain, adding that
when either country was at war the prin
ciples of neutrality proved to be conste
tent wlth'the feeling of tacit good will ex
isting between the leading statesmen of
the nations. " ¦ ; -% -V
Vallejo Teacher Removed.
. VALLEJO, June 12.— Under the new city
charter the reform Board of Education
has dismissed Professor C.B. Towle, who
has been employed In the city's School
Department for twenty-six years. His
place is taken by Mr. Ford, who was cap
tain of volunteers from Colusa during "the
Spanish war.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 12.— Charles
Hitchcock Jr. 1903, r of New York City, Won
the championship In- golf at Yale, defeat
ing Thomas L. Cheney 1901. of South Man
chester, Conn.
Yale Golf Champion.
WOODLAND, June 12.— Charles Brown,
for twenty-four years a prominent resi
dent of Yolo. died from the result of an
operation. on Sunday. He was a native of
England, 48 years of age.'
Death of Charles Brown.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, June "12.-County Assessor
Ortman forcibly seized the safe of the
Western Union Telegj-aph Company thia
morning at Ita local 'office for taxes, the
company having refused to pay the tax
on its franchise -assessment of $1000
amounting to ?H 50. Mr. Ortman. with
two deputies, had the- safe taken away
to be stored pending further proceedings
Mr. Sharon, the local manager, was al
lowed to remove the papers and valuables
from the safe. The company -had already
paid its personal property tax, but de
clined to pay on its franchise on the
ground that it was not a legal assess
ment. .'¦-. ¦:•
Safe Seized for Taxes.
Morgan, the American jockey, made his
debut in this country, In the Ascot Btakes.
He had the mount on Charina, but did not
secure a place. ¦ ¦- • • . ¦ • ; - .
LONDON, June 12.— Uoyal Ascot opened
auspiciously to-day with superb weather.
The attendance was large. The Prince of
Wales, the Duke of York and the Duke of
Cambridge and party are occupying Ascot
Heath House, within easy reach of the
course. ¦ •
Baden led to the straight and then gave
way to Osbech. whom Baldur caught close
to home and the latter won a good race
by a neck. Four lengths separated the
second and third horses. The betting just
previous to the start was as follows: Bal
dur and Osbech, each 4 to 1 against; Tom
Cringle. 10 to 1 against. ¦
Royal Ascot Opening.
Judge Ancrellottl issued an alternative
writ returnable next Monday at 10 o'clock.
SAN RAFAEL, June 12.— Charles Ame3
to-day, through his attorney, Henry C.
McPike, filed a petition for a writ of mar
date against the Board of Trustees of the
town of Sausalito to compel it to issue him
a license to carry on a poolselllng and
bookmaking establishment. In his peti
tion Ames says that poolselling is a lawful
business, the conduct of which Is pro
vided for and granted by ordinance of the
town of Sausalito, and that the only con
dition required is that $300 be paid to the
town treasury every quarter. The peti
tioner asks that the court compel the
Hoard of Trustees to issue him a license
in accordance with the ordinance and upon
the same terms as licenses Issued to Joe
Harvey and Frank Daroui. . .
Wants Poolroom License.
Suoclal Uisnatch to The <
The fire had made such progress before
it was discoverc.-d that it was necessary
to rescue her two brothers. Kuss and
Hruce Strong, who were sleeping on the
second floor, with a ladder. The loss was
heavy and almost total.
WOODLAND. June 12. -Fire destroyed
the two-story Strong residence and all its
contents at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
Miss Jennie Strong was awakened by the
smell of amoke.
pants Rescued With. Difficulty.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
FIRE IN WOODLAND.
Stroner Residence Burned and Occu-
CHICAGO, June 11.— A special to the
Record from El Pnso. Tex., says: A min
ing man, who reached here from the State
of Slnaloa. ilex., to-day, tells the story in
detail of horrible punishment recently in
dicted on a prospector named Wilson by
Maya Indians. Wilson frequently visited
the village! and finally won the affections
of a handsome young girl. Instead of
marrying the girl according to the rites
of hK-r tribe he Is said to have decoyed her
to his mountain camp and kept her there
against her wishes. She finally escaped
to tellthe story and Wilson fled. He was
overtaken and carried back. As a pun
ishment for his crime it was ordered that
he be put to death by a method common
with the Mayas.
The prospector was stripped of his
clothing and. bound across an ant hill In
fested by large red ants. After many
hours of horrible suffering as the insects
slowly gnawed away his flesh Wilson ex
pired. Wilson was reputed to be a fu
gitive from justice from Oklahoma,
an Ant Hill.
Offender Stripped Naked and Tied on
TORTTTRED BY MAYAS.
"All recognize the immensity of this
most dangerous menace to white labor,"
he said. Hay told me that
Japanese immigration was one of the se
rious and most troublesome of all the
diplomatic problems before his depart
ment. You see. the Japanese are a most
Jealous, sensitive people and they resent
all comparison with the Chinese, and
when you tx-Kin to place them upon the
fame level you arouse their anger. The
apanese Minister in Washington never
fails to feel hurt in spirit when the sub
ject is broached. The bill introduced will,
I think, do away in a great measure with
the impending danger. According to the
present law, the hordes of Japanese
swarm into this country through the
northern ports, thus avoiding the per
capita tax. The new bill will provide for
the collection of the tax. no matter how
the Japanese enter this country."
Congressman Kahn spoke also in rela
tion to the new quarantine measures and
the appropriation of 1113.000 for the station
ct Angel Island. Surgoon General Wyman
declares it will be the finest station in
the world when completely equipped.
Congressman Mercer of Omaha gave
Kahn his promise that the Custom-house
Mil would be favorably reported, and that
Ean Francisco would get a $1,500,000 build
ing on the old Postofflce site.
In rega # rd to tho coming campaign Con
gressman Kahn can see but one party in
the race and an overwhelming defeat for
Iiryan and his principles. -...*,
"The second proposition which engaged
our attention was the Xicaragma canal.
The entire Pacilic Coa><t delegation called
upon the Speaker of the House and the
President and we obtained a promise that
the matter would come up for considera
tion this session. Time has proven that
their promises were given in good faith.
From a personal canvass of the . Senate
I am assured that when th» Nicaragua
canal bill is debated and passed upon by
that body it will be carried by a hand
some majority. Of course, you know the
value of this to California."
Japanese immigration was the next
Question to which Mr. Kahn devoted his
consideration.
"Our first fight," he said, "was about
Cape Nome, and it was a hard one. The
British Embassador. Sir Julian Paunce
fote, had Interview after interview with
the Secretary of the Treasury in which
he urged him to make Cape Nome a sub
port of entry. A Canadian attorney of
repute was employed by the Dominion to
present its claims. Our entire delegation,
acting with unanimity, finally won the
battle which fiives to our American ship
pers t«j-du.y the sole right to t-nter the
Cape Nome country and clearance papers
are not necessary for our ships.
Congressman Julius Kahn, with smile
and extended hand, arrived in this city
yesterday morning, having hastened
across the continent hard upon the ad
journment of CongTess. He has much to
say of existing political and legislative
conditions and particularly on those sub
jectB which appertain to California and
San Francisco.
Congressman Julius Kahn
Speaks on the Live Is
suesof the Day..
Yromise of Much. Needed. Legislation
for the State — Discusses Ques
tions of Importance to
This City.
REVIEWS WORK
OF A SESSION
AT WASHINGTON
The usual midweek stake will be run
off to-day at Union Courslnp Park. The
entries number fifty-Fix in all, and include
many dogs of class, together with some
young greyhounds which promise well.
The ladies' day champion stake, next to
the J<jhn Grace challenge cup stake In im
portance, will be decided at ITnlon Park
on Sunday. The draw will be held to
night in Pythian Castle and is expected to
attract a large attendance of coursing
men.
Patrol vs. B. Woods' Black Xlrht: B. F. Jack
son's Glen EMer vs. J. Watkins' Merciless: T.
J. Oronin's Thornhill vs. T. J. Cronin'g Rose
of Traloc; B. P. Jackson's Turquoise vs.
J. R. Sm!th'3 Lady Sears; Al Austin's
Bohemian Girl vs. J. H. W. Muller'a
Terrona; D. Ford's Bonlta v*. O. Buehn's
Aloha; Al Austin's Thorndale vr. H. H. Orey's
Hann->ckburn ; T. J. Cronin's Daisy Claire vs.
J. Carroll's Red Hind.
The bridal party entered the church to
the strains of "Lohengrin." Miss Ward
loaned ou xho arm of her brother Harry,
who gave her awav, and was attended by
Miss Cobb of Stockton as maid of honor,
and by her bridesmaid. Miss Sherman of
Fresno. Tiny Wilmer Cornel! was ring
bearer. The gown was of white chiffon
over while taffeta, made demi-traln and
garnitured by lace applique.. She wore a
long veil and carried a bouquet of bride's
ro«es. M.ss Cobb wore pink chiffon over
pink taffeta and Miss Sherman pink or
gandie over pink taffeta.
MERCED, June 12— The wedding to
nlgbt of Miss Cajr.ille Ward and
Charles U. Harrt'Il was one of the
prettiest and most fashionable
functions that Merced has seen in
>-<>ars. Tho ceremony was porfTmed at
S o'clock at the First Presbyterian
Church. 000 guests, many of them from
Sa:i Francisco, Los Angeles and interior
towns, witnessing the nuptials. Rev. G.
W. Lyon? officiated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Harrell is the daughter of Mrs. R.
H. Ward and is a graduate of the local
High School and of Miss Ilamlin's, San
Francisco. She is very accomplished and
charming and has be«n a leader in local
circles and extremely popular in San
Francisco and the South. The groom Is
one of Merced's most prominent business
men.
A reception followed the service at the
handsome home of the bride's sister, Mrs.
L. G. Worden, 100 guests being present.
AfUT the usual congratulations and fare
wells refreshments were served those
present. Mr. and Mrs. Harrell at once
left for Portland on their bridal tour. On
thfir roturn here they will occupy a home
already prepared for them.
Tho decorations of the church were ela
borate, pink and white roses being em
ployed against greens, smilax and fern.
Tlie scheme was pink and white through
out.
"While the service was proceeding the
organ was played loftly and as the ritual
ended Miss Bepsie llosenbaum sang very
beautifully, "Oh. Promise Me," from
'•Robin Hood." The best man was Fred
Huffman of San Francisco.
ST. HELENA, May 12.— Louis D.
Wolfe and Miss Viola B. Rhinfrank
of this city were united In marriage
at San Francisco yesterday by Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church.
The groom is a well-known business
man, being one of the proprietors of a
large stationery store. He has resided
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Kelly bill was introduced in the
house of delegates four weeks ago by the
delegate whose name it bears. It was
passed in the house by a large majority^
The measure provided for the repeal of 'ail
the ordinances granting franchises to the
various street railways incorporated in
the St. Louis Transit system since the
adoption of the city charter.
The City Council killed the Kelly bill
at its session this evening- by. a vote of
7 to 5. The jrallery was crowded with
large delegations of union labor people
and the speeches favoring its adoption
were enthusiastically cheered, while those
against the measure were hissed and
laughed at.
A number of men charged with com
mitting offenses in connection' with the
streetcar strike were tried before Judtre
Sidener in the Police Court Tuesday.- Six
men were fined.
"Grompers will exercise a supervisory di
rection of the strike," said a member of
the union.
Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor, has telegraphed
President Mahon that he will arrive in St.
L»ouis some time this week.
The Sheriffs posse has been augmented
by a company of young lawyers and busi
ness men. Ransom Post. G. A. R., is or
ganizing: a company, which De Loser
Haynes, the well-known real estate man,
will command.
Coroner Lloyd telephoned to Chief of
Police Campbell asking that the men be
compelled to appear Wednesday. The
Coroner will summon a jury to inquire
Into the death of C. Edward Thomas, the
striking streetcar conductor killed in rront
of the posse barracks on Washington ave
nue Sunday evening.
The southern electric line is in operation
to-night for the first time since the strike
was Inaugurated. This line is regarded in
police circles as the most ' difllcult of all
the lines to run safely after dark. Every
precaution was taken to "prevent interfer
ence and violence. This line traverses the
districts where two weeks ago seven per
sons were wounded by bullets in one day.
The Mayor's proclamation forbidding
the use of explosives or • firearms, and
warning thoser having no business on the
streets to keep off is having a good effect.
.The inquest in the case of Fred
Bonne, the onlooker who was accidentally
shot Sunday by a deputy Sheriff, ¦was -to
have been held to-day, but was post
poned, as the deputy Sheriffs on whom
subpenas had been served were absent.
To-night cars are running on all lines
on about the same schedule as last night.
LJnes to the north and south are still
guarded by police, but in -the central and
western portions there was no. trouble and
the police have been lr. a great measure
withdrawn from the cars. This permits
the strengthening of the forces along the
southwestern and southern divisions.
More men are now employed by the
company than there is work for them to
do, according to General Manager Baum
hofT, and not only is the force being 1 con
stantly increased by men coming from
other cities but from the ranks of the
strikers themselves, he states.
ST. LOUIS, June 12.— There were no im
portant developments in the street car
strike situation to-day. The Transit
Company claims to have the situation
practically unclear control by reason of the
protection afforded by the Police Depart
ment and the Sheriff's posse comitatus.
It was stated by the company's officials
that cars were running on every line in
the city, going about the regular schedule
in some cases and on all meeting the de
mands of traffic.
Samuel Gompera, President of the
American Federation of Labor, Is
to Take Charge of the
Strikers.
Cars Are *Now in Operation
on All Lines Through
out the City.,
simtTioi ii
ST. LOUIS VERY
MUCH IMPROVED
Miss Camille Ward and Charles B, Harrell
United In the Presence
of Friends.
ELABORATE WEDDING
OF A MERCED COUPLE
Groom a 1 Popular Business Man of St.
Helena and the Bride .One of the-
Belles of Napa ValleB.
WEDDING OF L. D. WOLFE
AND MISS V. B. RHINFRANK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, -WEDNESDAY, JXJNE 13, 1900.
MacArthur Also Reports the Capture
of Generals Hizon and Cave- .
stany.
MANILA, June 12,— General Grant, who
led reinforcements with; artillery against
the Insurgents in the mountains east of
Samiguel, reports the capture of the njbel
stronghold after four hours*' lighting.
The rebels were scattered .-: and the
Americans are pursuing them: General
Grant's column" had no. casualties. «
WASHINGTON, June 12.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila cabled the War Depart
ment to-day as follows: . .
"I report capturo of. General Hizon near
Mexico and General. Cavestany at Alcala.
Both are Important. The latter Is a very
important leader of the guerrillas In Pan
gaslnan province,' Luzon. ¦
"MACARTHUR."
General Corbin attaches considerable
Importance to these- captures.- In his
opinion they are more nearly in the
nature of surrenders than captures, and
Indicate that the principal leaders of the
Insurrection are abandoning the cause
and are coming- to Manila to accept
American supremacy.
PRINCIPALS IN A BRILLIANT SOCIETY WEDDING IN MERCED.
4
xiere ior me past thirteen years, is e
prominent member of the local parlor ol
Native Sons and has won a large circle
of friends. The bride is a beautiful young
lady and one of the leading society belles
of Napa Valley. She Is a stepdaughter
of Mr. Gurdon Backus, agent for the
Southern Pacific Company, well known in
pioneer railroad and -political circles.
The young couple, left this morning for
Milton, where they will spend their hon
eymoon as guests of the bride's brother.
A-nyEBHSSBEENTS. ,,,-,_,-„-„-, n . nf
H A Liquid Internal Remedy m
I That Will Cure. I
!U All things corporeal perish; the human frame fades away and |||
IJj brings feebleness to all — to some sooner, to others later— yet the Bjl
fm course of nature can be delayed, the progress of natural decay 6?|
ffl made slower, life deprived of all weariness and pain by the use
U4 of the proper remedy. You clearly understand that the germs jj£
HH of disease and death attacking all things, anittfal and vegetable, |j|
l-B causes them to decay. Constitutions weakened by excesses are B|
M unable to throw off the germs when attacked by them. Common g
H sense clearly points the cure— destroy the germs. ELbCTKU- p
PI ZONE is taken internally and kills disease germs of every kind Its »>
frM effect is astonishing. No poison can exist in its presence. The R?
M microbes of bilious, malarial or other fevers are destroyed. The |||
W£ virus of blood disease is annihilated. It may be taken as a pre- fcj
1% vention against cholera, chills, bubonic plague, fevers or any |^1
K I epidemic. ELECTROZONE positively destroys all animal and ftS
I i vegetable poisons — a complete blood purifier. p-I
kj Magnetism Is the Spring of All Mj
II Animal Life, y
|§j the fountainhead of existence; its lack causes the loss of muscu- ||3
|f| lar energy, physical lassitude, general prostration. When present in |js|
|£i large quantities it gives sensations of never-ending gladness and Ka
pg| vigor. By taking ELECTROZONE you charge yourself with ga
Hlg magnetism. The body acts as a magnetic lode, attracting all to £l
pM you. People unconsciously, without thought, come to you and
\M instead of your being embarrassed by sickness you are admired. Vrj
E$| respected and honored by your associates. Life is then worth |; J
fflj living — every minute bringing forth its enjoyments and you are |^1
b|3 truly a happy being. r-?-f
Iti ELECTROZONE produces most novel effects upon the sen- g|3
||| sations — something indescribable, a younger and lighter feeling', a r/.^J
j§3 buoyancy of spirits, a happiness of body, elastic step, leaping im- t?4
vM pulses. Those who find themselves with wasted strength, melan- fC;j
g£H choly thoughts, restless nights, sorrowing and vainly longing for h|
ga a renewal of life's glorious prime, will find in ELECTROZOXE pa
HI a means of renewing those golden days, when the fires of life burn njj
pj with brilliancy. The most delicious sensations permeate the body. fo|
till The electrical force goes through every vein, every nerve, an un- [||
1^8 known feeling comes to the soul, renewing vital prostration, |^
L 1 makes young again the aged and feeble, and rejuvenates the old LI
[M and debilitated. M
y ELECTROZONE IS NOT AN |
H Electric Belt. j|
llf Some people seem to think that ELECTROZONE is an e!ec- fH
*m1 • trie belt or appliance. The public have been deceived and robbed |vrl
i|9 of money and health so much by electrical appliances that they are 31
hM ' prejudiced against anything that pertains to electricity as a cure \M
py for disease. It is generally known that electrical appliances are |3
i*| dangerous for the reason that it lulls the victim into false se- 8
fsia curity by impressing him with the idea that it is "doing some- IS
wM thing" for his ailment. They may cure many diseases that have ex- I SI
pM isted in the imagination only, or they may produce benefit by ere- A
ESs ating a more hopeful mental state.
111 ' ELECTROZONE is not an imaginary cure. Beyond all \-i
Kj doubt it is the most effective eradicator of disease known to the i fj
m\ world to-day, i There is no case of ! J
H Rheumatism, I
n Kidney and Bladder Ailment, N
in Stomach Trouble, y
H Catarrh, I
If or Blood Disease I
HJ that cannot be cured by ELECTROZONE. It works with FM
Sgi amazing results — the afflicted cannot express their gratitude for [ U
!|3 this marvelous remedy. ELECTROZONE has saved many a pH ;
ram poor sufferer from the grave. If you are all broken down with EM
BQ rheumatism, and your joints swollen to the extent that walking is IS
BR impossible, this remedy will give almpst immediate relief, and g|
)M after taking from 3 to 6 bottles you are permanently cured. £ 14
jF^I ELECTROZONE acts upon the blood — the most vital part of gl
fKO the human body— and failures of permanent cures are unknown to la
l|| this unparalleled remedy. HI
lH ! -'J:'i : '^i'}'.. SAN FRANCISCO. May 23. 1300. fea
f43 EUECTROZONE MFG. CO.-Gents: After years of suffering £8
I with a severe rase of stomach trouble I was completely cured by tak- f«
|l I lnsr ELECTROZONE. The results were very satisfactory. I con- J Ti
IV I Elder It a wonderful remedy and a boon to the sufTtTinj?. k f
IN THOMAS CRAIG. Printer. |\J
K I 465 Stevenson St. I 1
L 1 DR. T. B. TAYLOR, a former professor of the Philadelphia Medi- I ]
gkl cal College, writes: I am a physician and surgeon of 3»> years prac- jVI
BBI. tice and cheerfully recommend Electrozone for Stomach. Kmney ana .|S|
E*h Nervous derangements. I have used- and prescribed It with good Bjjf
til . HEMET. Cal.. April 3. 1M0. f|f;
By ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.- Gentlemen: For several years I have E3
tigf had dyspepsia and stomach trouble in it.« worst form. Ihad almost f£3
ggl Kiven up hope of recovering. I was induced to try ELLCTKUZO.Nh. [ |
B§3 and from the first dose I besan to improve until now I am cure<l. It g£|
|5| is truly a wonderful remedy. A. J. SAXTON. RJ
I'M ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, the leading dally In Arizona, says: ttj
t«i Retail druggists eay Electrozone Is a good seller, while grateful pen- EM
§fra pie daily attest to Its wonderful curative power. Electrozone has g$|
EjI proved to be a good remedy for Rheumatism, Stomach, Kidney jfcfl
ipr Send for pamphlet to
<r ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., San Francisco.Chief Executive of Chile Suffers From
&?£. a Third Strokcof
Paralysis. ?^%<
WASHINGTON. June 12.— The State
Department received the following dis
patch to-day from United States Minister
Wilson at Santiago de Chile: •
SANTIAGO,* . June 11. — Secretary of
State: President Errazuriz had third and
dangerous attack of paralysis yesterday.
Death simply a question of time. Ex
ecutive functions transferred to Prime
Minister Albano as provided by the con
stitution. WILSON."
Wood-Gaddis Nuptials.
WOODLAND. June 12.— W. . . L. Wood.
Treasurer of Yolo County. , was married
to-day at high noon to Miss Bertha Gad
dls, sister of Judge Gaddis. The cero
mony took place at the residence of the
bride's mother. Rev. E. D. - Haven' offi
ciating. .Mr. and Mrs. Wood will spend
their . honeymoon in San, Francisco, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles.
PRESIDENT ERRAZURIZ
IS ON HIS DEATH BED
Joins Baseball League.
LOS ANGELES. June 12.— Los Angeles
will hereafter be represented in the Cali
fornia Baseball League, the final negotia
tions having been completed to-day.
James F. Morley to-day closed a deal for
the old Washington Gardens, which will
be converted into a baseball park.
Badford, the New York Importation,
Though Held Favorite in the
Batting, Merely Gets the
Show Money.
»
BUFFALO, N. Y., June 12.— Advance
Guard, Carruthers & Shield's gallant
Great Tom colt, which was one of the
stars of the San Francisco season, cap
tured >the Canadian derby at Fort Erie
to-day.Mt was a lively race, but Advance
Guard was much the best colt in it. P.ad
ford. the New York Importation, although
a maiden, was held favorite and of the
others Lampglobe was most fancied.'
Lewis got Lampglobe off in front and
stayed there until near the end. In the
stretch Taral gave Advance Guard his
head* and won handily, not extended. It
was a popular victory, as Advance Guard
was a favorite two-year-old on the Ca
nadfan circuit last summer.
Of the favorites Ethel Whea t alone
demonstrated her superiority in marked
fashion. The track was $ood. the weath
er fine, the attendance SuOO. Summaries:
Six furlongs— Royal Sterling won. Erwin sec
ond Alice Farley third. Time. 1:14%.
Four furlongs— Gray Daly won. Flatterer sec
ond The Copper third. Time, :43.
Mile and a stxteenth— Free Lance won, Chopin
second, Tonmast third. Time, 1:4$. *
The Canadian Derby; mile and a quarter:
value J2000 — Advance Guard. 127 (Taral). 2 to 1
and 4 to 5, won; Lampglobe. 112 (H. Lewis), 7
to 2 and 6 to 5, second; Uadford, 103 (Meaney).
8 to 5, third. Time. !:08%. John Halsey. Alfred
Vargrave and Sidney Lucas also ran.
Five furlongs — Ethel Wheat won. Award sec
ond. Maltese Cross third. Time, 1:03.
Steeplechase, short course, handicap— Charley
O won, Slasher second., Time. 3:21.
CINCINNATI, June 12.— June Gayle. the
11 to 5 favorite, had an easy time of it
winning the Harold stakes for two-year
old colts at Latonia to-day. June Gayle
was off next to last, but at the quarter
pole shot to the front -and was never
headed, winning pulled up by six lengths.
Track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selllns— Orria won. Kaftan
second. ¦W.-G. Welch third. Time. l:29»i.
• Five- furlongs— The Laundress won. Emma C
I> second Virginia T third. - Time.* 1:03%.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Eltholln won.
Gadsden second,- Ennomla third. Time. 1:45%.
Five furlongs, the Harold stakes— June Gayle
won, "Long Flo second. Sam Lyons third. Time.
l:02Vi. • '
Six furlongs — Sim W won. Star of Bethlehem
second, Foneda third. Time. 1:14.
' Seven furlongs, selling — Strathllght won.
Sprung second, Peter Duryea third. Time.
1:29%.
NEW YORK, June 12.— At Gravestnd
The Gallant Great Tom Colt
Takes Canadian Derby
at Fort Erie.
ADVANCE GUARD
WINS HANDILY,
NOT EXTENDED
JACK JEFFRIES LOSES
' CONTEST WITH STIFT
Decision Is Unpopular, However, the
Spectators Not Agreeing With
theEeferee. .
TATTERSALL'S. CHICAGO. June 12.—
George Dixon and Benny Yanger, the
"Tipton Slasher" fought six fast rounds to
a draw at Taqtersall's to-night. Yanger
surprised even ]hls most ardent admirers
by his excelled^ showing, as . up to six
months ago he was a comparative novice
in the ring. He was rather nervous dur
ing the first round and Dixon had a shade
the better of it. After that, however.
Yanger gained confidence and in the sec
ond round made an even break of it. Yan
ger had the better of the third round and
landed some telling blows on Dixon's
body.
The last three rounds were even, first
one gaining the advantage and then the
other.
Paddy Carroll refereed the go and
pleased the 7000 spectators by declaring it
a draw. The betting was 5 to 4 that Dixon
would win, but very little money was
placed at these odds.
In the semi-flnal wind-up Billy Stlft of
Chicago was given the decision over Jack
Jeffries, a younger brother of the heavy
weight champion. Jeffries was knocked
down in the first round, but after that he
put up a good fight, landing constantly
with his left. The decision was unpopu
lar. The majority of the spectators fa
vored Jeffries.
In the preliminaries Joe Percente of Chi
cago knocked out Con O'Leary of Mil
waukee In the first part of the second
round. ¦ . . ,
Buddy Ryan won the decision over Jack
Ryan in six rounds.
Sammy Harris and Henry Lombard
fought s'lx fast rounds to a draw.
TWO ARE KILLED AND ONE
WOUNDED IN STREET FIGHT
Negroes of Kansas City Become Em
broiled in a Bow and Officers
Use Their Guns.
KANSAS CITY, June 11.— Two city de
tectives. Matt Kenney and Henry Sparks,
undertook to stop a street fight between
a crowd of negroes, men and women, in
East Third street this afternoon, and as
a result of an exchange of shots Ruf us
Bennett, a. north-end tough, and Ora
Childs, the latter a woman, were killed,
and Charles Jackson, proprietor of a bar
ber shop, was seriously wounded.
Two score men and women had mixed
It up In the streets with knives and beer
bottles, and when the detectives tried to
Interfere Jackson struck at ¦ Kenney.
Kenney promptly shot Jackson in the leg
and five of the negroes bolted for Jack
son's basement barber shop. The detect
ives followed and were met by Jackson
with a small rifle and Bennett with a re
volver.' A lively exchanga of shots fol
lowed. Kenney barely dodged a shot from
Jackson's rifle that lodged in the breast of
Ora Childs, a negresss, killing her. A shot
from the gun of one of the officers struck
Bennett in the head and he fell dead be
side the Childs woman. Half a dozen ar
rests were made. Jackson was taken to
the hospital and may die. . ,
Gardner the Victor.
CLEVELAND, June Gardner
and Billy Ryan fought eighteen terrific
rounds to-night at the Business Men's
Gymnasium. It was the gamest fight seen
here in a long time. From the eleventh
round on Rvan had the better of the fight
until he was finally knocked out by a blow
on the jaw after he had broken away from
a clinch.
heats. Time, 2:37*i. 2:34U. Mary Chimes.
Juanita. J»nnie IS. Red Ferry and James H.
Carroll also atarte<1.
Seven furlongs— Cousin Letty won. Miss Red
wood second. Corolla third. Time. 132%.
Six furlones— Master Mariner won. R. Q. Ban
second. Panamlnt thlrij. Time. 1:17*».
Five and a > half furlongs— Billy Underwood
won. Gold Bug second. Interview third. Time.
l:ll'.i.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Favorites fared
badly at Harlem to-day. May Beach ran
so poorly In the fifth race that the judges
are investisratln? her performance. Head
water at 13 to 1 won the race. Jockey
Ross was called into the stand, but failed
to enlighten the judges. Weather clear;
track good. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Regea won. Kon
wreath second. Donna Bella third. Time, :57.
Mile and a quarter— Donna Rita *ron. Jolly
Roger second. Jimp third. Time. 2:12Vi.
The Proviso stakes, for two-year-olds, flv«
furlongs— Mausra won. Boomcrack second. Ben
son Caldwell third. Time. 1:C3.
Mile— AH Geld won. Vain second. The Lady
third. Time. 1:43',.
Six furlongs— Headwater won. Gcebel second.
Rival Dare third. Time, 1:134.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— The Elector
won. Vincennes second. Walkenshaw third.
Time, l:50*i. \<\ ;'
to-day the track was fast. Favorites won
in all the events. Results:
The Kensington hurdles, mile and three-quar
ters— Buela won. Dr. Eichberg second. Governor
Grlggs third. Time, 3:14 1-5.
Five furlongs— Glenellte won. Tower of Can
dles second. Janice third. Time. 1:03 1-5.
Mile and an eighth — James won. Sannatian
second. Orontas third. Time. 1:54 2-5.
The Hanover, five furlongs— Fake won. Lion
Prince second, Carl Kanl;r third. Time.
1:01 4-5. * . ...
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Dan Rice won.
Posthaste • second. Precursor third. Time
1:49 1-5. \
¦ About six furlongs— Kamara won May Hemp
stead recond, Cleora third. Time, 1:10 2-3.
ST. LOUIS, June 12.— The Fair Grounds
track was fast to-day. Results:
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Celtic
Bard won. Haviland second. Zaza third. Time.
1:49*4.
Five furiongs-pJoe Frey won. Isabel second
Wild Pirate third. Time. 1:014.
Five furlcngs, selling— Small Jack won.
Golden Harvest second. Zaclc Ford third
Time, 1:03.
Seven furlongs — Trladitza won. Van Hoore
belce second. Guide Rock third. Time. 1:2S.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Lord Neville
won. Theory .second. Judge Wardell third
Time, 1:21 Vfc.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Skillman
won, Zanetto second. Eulalle third. Time
1:22.
DENVER, June 12.— Results at Over
land Park:
Pacing— Tombstone won the third, fourth and
fifth heats and the race. Time, !:24%, 2:23V4.
2:2414. George C won the first and second
heats. Time, J:14^i. 2:15. Eva. Victor and
Princess also started.
Trotting— Lady in Gray won In two straight
KBW YORK, June 12.— Terry McGovern
fully lived up to his title of featherweight
champion at the Seaside Athletic Club
to-night by knocking out Tommy White,
the clever Chicago man, in three rounds.
The little champion never showed better
form and gave his opponent no rest from
the sound of the gong in the opening
round until the referee had counted off
the fatal ten seconds. He took the stiff
jabs which White handed out to him with
a smile, and forced Tommy about the
ring with terriole drives to the body and
head. After the first round Whitens face
took on a frightened look and he clinched
repeatedly to save himself from punish
ment, but Terry tore away from his grasp
as though White were a baby. The crowd
looked for a quick ending, but there were
few present who expected the termination
to come so soon. The third round was a"
succession of knockdowns for White No
sooner would he regain his feet than he
would go down again, and after going
down for the seventh time he was so far
gone that it was impossible for him to
get up, although he made a game effort.
The men were to have fought twenty-five
rounds at 128 pounds.
Several challenges were Issued to Mc-
Govern before the bout, but it is doubt
ful If any who now aspire to his title
would go much further than White did.
\\ hen the boys appeared at the ringside
to weigh in Terry stepped on the scale
fully clothed and failed to move the beam,
but when White's turn came it was found
that he was half a pound overweight
McGovern made no objection. Just as
they were ready to enter the ring the
electric lighting apparatus gave out and
for about ten minutes the building was
in total darkness.
Johnny White officiated as referee.
In the opening round Terry immediate
ly assumed the aggressive and was first
to land with a left swing to the neck
White broke ground and tried a left lead
but Terry blocked and White went to a
clinch and was cautionea for holding.
They broke and Terry was forcing him
about the ring when the electric lights
again went out after two minutes of fight
ing. After about ten minutes the lights
were again lighted and the men were at
It again. Terry rushed and landed a left
hook that made White sink to the floor.
Terry assisted him to his feet and again
landed the same blow and followed with
both hands to the body Just as the bell
rang.
Terry went after him like a,, bull in the
pecond and White was twice cautioned for
holding. White jabbed Terry's face twice
with stiff lefts, jarring Terry's head, but
the champion sent a right to the ribs
that made Tommy bend. Again White
landed hia left and Terry responded with
left to belly and then hooked it to the
Jaw, sending White to the floor, tie got
up groggy and Terry dropped him again
with, the same blow just as the bell rang
When White came out for the third
time Terry Immediately dropped him with
a left on the jaw. He was up at five
and went down again with right on body
and head. He got to his feet again only
to go down. Three times more White was
floored. Each time he arose Terry bat
tered him with right and left to body and
head. After the seventh knockdown
Johnny White counted the full ten before
the fallen pugilist could get to his feet
and amid loud cheers Terry was declared
the winner.
Just Before the End Comes the Game
Chicag'oan Is Floored Seven
Times in Suc
cession.
After a Whirlwind Fight
Terry McGoyern Defeats
Tommy White.
BATTERS HIS
MAN DOWN IN
THREE ROUNDS
FIRST DAY'S
WORK OF THE
GRAND PARLOR
Officers' Reports Read and
Committees Are Ap
pointed.
in Jackson.
Friends and Fellow-Members
Visiting Hative Daughters the Guests
at a Banquet Furnished by Their
On motion cf Mrs. M. Folg-er. seconded
by Mrs. Caminetti. the parlor adjourned
until 3 z>. m. out of respect to E. G. Free
man, a pioneer of Jackson, whose funeral
took r»lace this afternoon.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the reading of* reports. Invitations were
extended to hold the next Grand Parlor
at Sacramento and Yosemite. A commu
nication was read from Miss Lillie Reich
ting, founder of the order, now in China;
also from Henrv Lunstedt, In relation to
Admission day. Reports of the commit
tee of the Native Sons on the Donner
monument, to cost ©000, and soliciting aid
from the Daughters. A committee _of
erven was appointed to act with the Na
tive Sons In the proposed monument.
Tr.i'-Fportaticn— Mrs. Belle Conrad. Emma
Barney. Stockton; Miss Mae McRae. San Fran
cisco.
Prtetlns and supplies— Mrs. Emma J. Foley.
Mrs. Rot=a I>ar. San Francisco; Mrs. Mollie
Fb&er, Jackson.
Laws and supervision— Laura Frakes. Mrs.
r-r.rr.a Gett Sacramento; Harriet Lee, Dora
ZundoiTFkl, Watsonvllle: Mary Myers, San
Francisco.
i';tual— Mrs Mary T!'.!man, Pan Francisco:
Ttu* L Kaae, Lena H. Mills. Stockton: Miss
C K. Wittenrnyer, Martinez; Maul Wood, Sac
ramento.
Kurvka- MIf* Alice L-eland. W atsonvllie; Mrs.
fva »Ot»U, Sacramento.
L^ciylatlci— Mrs. Ella Cair.inettl. Jack^n:
Anar.a ?tPr!tr?. FaJlnae: Man* Hanipion. So
nora: E. Leaie. Woodland; Lizrle Halloran,
Heturrs — Miss M. B. \\ <lk!r.s=. Santa Cruz:
Mrs. ScpWe Fhrwder, A!ame<ia: Miss Agnes
\y*. tan Luis Ob:F»o.
>W" of oriei — Miss M. Bert^la. Martinez;
Mrs= J. Haker, San Francisco: Mary lAngtord.
.Ari'^als aJJ'l grievances — Mrs. Tina L. Kane.
¦Jackson: Carrie Durham, Stockton: Kate
O>or>or. Farsta Crui: Dora. Wilson, Redwood;
Mi!«s Harrirt Lee, Woodland.
pnitlnni i Mln L«1iz!e I>outrlass. Mrs. Lucle
Hammersmith, Kvelyn Anderson, San Fran
c'sco.
FlBS&ce— Miss Emma Hilke. Stockton; Miss
Lulu Shflton. Woodland; Miss Lillian Versa
1 vvh. San Francisco.
Iir-cf rtion — Mr*. Mollie Fcleer. Jackson;
Mis* I ..-ura FrakPF. Sutter Cre^k: Miss Clor
inda CasslnTielll. Volcano; Miss Iren* Bennett.
Atnador: Mies Lizzie Jones. lone; Miss Clara.
fttiner. Plymouth.
As^'.ytar.t secretary— Miss Amar.da Haa-.Tnerly,
Oakland.
Assistant marshals — Miss M. Ryan. Merced:
llitis A. Horan, Grass Valley.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Or«v;i»r.tia".s — Miss DeTr.psey. San Franeis«>:
Miss Lee. AngeU; Mi*s Lolla Shaw. Holllster.
Press— Bell"? W. Conrad. Eliza Keith. Mrs.
Camin«?ttt. Mrs. Lizzie Jones.
Grand crgnnlft— Miss Tillie Brohaska, Saa
Jose
The banquet to-night !s a great success.
The tables are a dream of beauty and
everybody Is in a happy mood. Hon. R.
C. Rust on behalf of the city delivered
the address of welcome, which was re
sponded to by Grand President Sifford.
who said: "The heart of every Native
Daughter should swell with pride at the
welcome we have received at the hands
of the whole-souled citizens of Jackson.
While the main object of our Grand Par
lor is to work for the good of the order.
tnuch of the tiine must be necessarily
taken up with routine business. So we are
rot averse to pleasure, nor are we unap
preciative of the efforts in our behalf
both for our entertainment and our com
fort. \Y> thank you for your pood will,
your p-jblic spirit ar.d will endeavor to
justify all the fciph esteem in which we
find ourselves, and hope when the Grand
Parlor at Jackson shall have passed into
history that* its memories shall ever lin
ger among those we cherish most dear."
On behalf of Ursula Parlor Miss Daisy
V. Littlelield presented Retiring President
Sifford with an elepant silver set. It is
rxi>ected that political lines will be close
ly drawn to-morrow.
The Grand Parlor met promptly at 10
o'ciock with 133 delegates present. After
the reports of the grand oiucors the fol
lowing officers were appointed:
JACKSOK, June 12.— The Grand Parlor
daughters has had a beautiful
<-ay fcr its work, and although an ad
journment was taken from noon until 3
o'clock much was accomplished. Last
n ' Kht thcre " tvas ereat uneasiness among
tne visitors until midnight owing to the
fact that they had left their baskets and
valises at lone to follow on a freight
wagon, which did not materialize, and the
prospect of going forth in the morning
without a charge of raiment In a strange
town was net cheering.. The reception
committee, however, remained up and
after all mere In their beds had the bag-
ga.ee delivered to their rooms.
Serial Dispatch to The Call.
DALLAS, Tex., June 12.— At Llvlng
stonia. Polk County, Tex., Bruce Pounds
and Douglas HInson fought a duel to the
death with pistols. The duel was the re
pult of a quarrel. Eleven shots were ex
changed and both men died In their
tracks.
Dissension Among Bebekahs.
Spe^.al Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. June 12.— Dissensions In
Sylvan Rebekah Decree Lodge No. 10S. I.
OOF have created a local sensation.
At a regular meeting held on Monday
"itrht sixty-four members handed in their
resignations. They will meet next Friday
oveiine and organize another lodge.
Eleven Shots Are Exchanged by Two
Texans, Who Die in Their
Tracks.
BOTH CONTESTANTS IN
A DUEL ARE KILLED
Proclamation of the Presi
dent Anent Reciprocal
Arrangement.
TERMS OF THE
TRADE TREATY
WITH PORTUGAL
Duty on Argols, Wines, Brandies and
Paintings Reduced in Considera
tion for American Farm
ing Implements.
Under the terms of this agreement the
King of Portugal reserves the right, after
three months' prior notice to arrest the
operation of his Government, in case the
United States shall hereafter Impose a
duty upon crude cork or coffee being the
product of Portugal or of the Portuguese
possessions, or shall pive less favorable
treatment to the following: named articles
being the product of Portugal or Portu
guese possessions than that accorded to
the like articles being the product of any
other country not under the control of
the. United States, namely, argols. crude
tartar or wine lees, coffee, cocoa, wines,
brandies, cork (raw or manufactured), sar
dines and anchovies preserTed and fruits
not preserved: but In respect to fruits
the United States reserves the right to
make special arrangements applicable to
any of the. West India islands.
This agreement Is to go Into effect to
day and Is to continue In force for the
term of five years, and If not then re
nounced by either party it shall continue
in force until one year from the time
when one of the parties to the agreement
shall have notified the other of Its Inten
tion to arrest the operation thereof.
In consideration of these concessions
upon the following articles, being the
products of the soil or Industry of the
United States imported Into the kingdom
of Portugal and the Azores and Madeira
Islands, the rates of duty shall be as low
! as those accorded to any other country
(Spain and Brazil excepted from this pro
vision), viz.: Flour of cereals, except
wheat; maize In the grain; wheat In the
grain: lard and grease, and mineral oils
»and their products.
The United States receives concessions
on reaping, mowing and threshing ma
chines and other machinery for use in ag
riculture and gardening.
Arrola cr crude tartar, or wine, 5 per cent
ad valorem: etill wines in casks. 35 cents per
gallon; in bottles, per case of one dozen bottles
containing each not more than one quart and
more than one pint, or twenty-four bottles con
taining more than one pint, tl 15 per case, and
any excess beyond these quantities found In
such bottles ehaJl be subject to ¦ duty of 4
cents per pint or fractional part thereof, but
no separate or additional duty shall be assessed
upon the bottles.
t'pon sparkling wines, in bottles containing
not more than one pint. $6 per dozen; contain
ing not more than one pint each and more than
one-half pint each or less, $1 50 per dozen: In
bottles or other vessels containing more than
one quart each, in addition to $6 per dozen bot
tles on the quantities in excess of one quart
at the rate of $1 90 per gallon.
Upon brandies or other spirits manufactured
or distilled from grain or other materials,
¦whether the product of Portugal or of Portu
guese possessions, $1 Tj per proof gallon.
Upon paintings in oil or water colors, pastels,
pen and ink drawings and statuary. 15 per cent
ad valorem.
WASHINGTON*, June 12.— The President
to-day Issued a proclamation of a reci
procal commercial agreement which has
been entered Into between the King of
Portugal and the United States, in ac
cordance with the provisions of section 3
of the tariff act of July 24, 1S37. Under
this agreement reduced rates of duty
upon articles produced in Portugal or the
Azores and Madeira Islands imported Into
the United States are established as fol
lows:
LOS ANGELES, June 12.— George Dixon
must be tried again on the charge of high
way robbery- The Jury before whom he
was tried failed to arrive at an agree
ment and was discharged this morning.
The vote stood six for acquittal and six
for conviction.
Dixon Jury Disagrees.
PHOENIX. Ariz., - June . 12.— Frank
Smith, miner, made a large winning In a
Mexican gambling house at Helvetia min
ing camp to-night and was killed by Mex
icans, who provoked a row before he could
leave the saloon with the money. He was
stabbed and riddled with bullets, but In
falling mortally wounded two Mexicans.
Gambler Killed.
BOSTON. June 12.— Miss Lucretia Pea
body Hale died to-day In her eightieth year.
She was the oldest surviving sister of
Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale and, like
him. was a writer of note. Miss Hale was
deeply interested in educational work and
the charities of this city. In a great
measure Boston is indebted to her for the
present movement in regard to the vaca
tion schools and the teaching of sewing
and morals In the public schools.
Sister of the Famous Divine.
Deceased Was the Oldest Survivin
SISTER OF DR. HALE DEAD.
Special Disratch to The Call.
STANFORD UXIVERSITY. June 12.—
The fraternity house under course
of erection by the Chi Psis Is to
face on Salvatierra row and Is lo
cated next to the Beta Theta Pi
house. It is to be one of the largest "and
best finished fraternity homes on the
campus.
The cost of buildinsr the house will be
in the neighborhood of $7000 and it is 'to
be finished about September 1.
Along the north front will extend a
veranda, from which the main entry ad
mits to the reception hall. The parlor,
dining-room and reception hall ' may be
thrown together to make plenty of room
for parties and on festival occasions. The
floors of these three rooms are of maple,
while the paneling is all finished in nat
ural wood. The kitchen and pantries ex
tend beyond the dining-room. And on the
second and third floors are bedrooms
sufficient to accommodate twenty-two
persons. ¦
The Chi Psi Fraternity was founded at
Union College In 1841 and has now eight
een chapters in the different colleges of
the United States. It was established at
Stanford In 1&S5 and now has nine active
members here, as follows: Walter Gray,
William . Morrow, Samuel Wilson and
Freuerick Drake, of tne class of 1901; Don
Rea, Nathan Decker. Howard Shame,
Charles Davis, Frank Sharratt, of the
class of 1903. \
The Chi PsI house Is Just off from
"Fraternity Row," and will add a great
deal to the beauty of that part of the
campus. Other fraternity houses under
course of construction In the immediate
neighborhood are the Alpha Phi. Delta
Gamma and Kappa Alpha Theta houses.
Besides these Mrs. Stanford will erect
several houses this summer for the use of
the faculty and Mr. Cooksey of Menlo
Park is building a $20,000 mansion on an
elevation at the head of the row, com
manding a view aown Lasuen avenue.
HONOLULU, June 5.— It may be taken
as almost a foregone conclusion that a
special session of the Legislature will be
called as soon as the Governor of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii is Installed. If thirty
days' notice is given on the 14th of June
the election will be-held on July 14, a Sat
urday, and the members could assemble
on Monday, July 23. This would bring the
session to a close about the end of Sep
tember. This, of course, is the very quick
est time in which a Legislature could be
called together, and it would get it closed
in ample time before the general election
comes on in November. '
Indeed, there Is no necessity for haste
such as this. If the Legislature does not
meet till the middle of August it would
easily be through with its work by the
end of October. The general election will
take place on November 6. This is the
other extreme and would make the ses
sion almost too close to election day.
.However, a mean can be found between
the two dates. /
The chief work will be registration.
There will no doubt be a heavy registra
tion and considerable time will have to be
given to getting an accurate list of voters.
The rules and regulations for administer
ing oaths and holding elections will be
the same as appears In Ballou's "Compila
tion of Civil Laws" (appendix), but mere
are considerable changes, which appear in
section 64 of the Territorial bill. »
The Board of Registration will consist
of three members appointed by the Gov
ernor and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. But for the first
election, as there is no Senate in session,
the Governor's appointments hold without
any Senatorial sanction. At one stage of
the bill the words "no more than two of
whom.shall be of the same political party"
were inserted after the words '•shall con
sist of threes members," but the House
amendment was dropped out in the con
ference committee and the executive will
not have to investigate as to the political
views of his appointees.
The sum of $240,853 50 was paid out by
the plantations last week in dividends.
This money will greatly relieve the situa
tion. More is to be paid on the loth, and
the total on July 1 will be something
greater than in years before, if not in the
history of the country.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani unexpectedly
arrived at about midnight last nieht on
the steamship City of Peking, defeating
the plans of those who were preparing
to give her a reception upon the arrival
of the Australia to-morrow. Her Majesty
is much changed in appearance, having
lost weight during her long stay abroad
and being In rather feeble health.. She
was driven at once to her Beretanla-
Btrect mansion, where, late as the hour
was, a few of her intimate advisers and
friends were received. It was early morn
ing when the returned ex-monarch retired
and to-day she is resting and declines to
receive visitors.
The ex-Queen is quoted as utterly op
posed to taking any part whatever In lo
cal polities. When asked for an expres
sion of her views she referred the Inquirer
to Joseph O. Carter, who stated that it
was certain that Liliuokalani would not
have anything to say about election af
fairs. "The ex-Queen will not take any
part in politics," said Mr. Carter. "She
has no reason to do" so, having nothing to
gain or lose either way. She will not side
with Democrats or Republicans, nor will
she join in any movement for an inde
pendent native party. The ex-Queeit has
had her fight and lost and been put down,
and now she is ready to live her own life
and give her attention to her private
property interests, which are much in
need of looking after.
"As far as 'W ashlngton Is concerned, the
ex-Queen does not expect any action Jn
her case at present. She stated to me
that Congress seemed to have too much
to do without giving attention to her.
Her Majesty would have met Mr. Mac
farlane In San Francisco had she not left
sooner than she expected to. Macfarlane
was to have arrived in San Francisco on
the day of the Australia's departure, and
he will probably arrive here to-morrow.
He may be able to say something of what
is likely to be done in Washington."
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani Back in the
Islands' and 'Says She "Will
Take No Part in
Politics.
Special Session Will Be
Called After Installation
of the Governor.
LEGISLATURE OF
HAWAII MAY BE
CONVENED SOON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
Will Add Another Attractive ana Orna
mental Feature to the Campus '
at Stanford.
HANDSOME NEW HOME
FOR CHI PSI FRATERNITY
NEW CHAPTER HOUSE OF THE CHI PSI FRATERNITY NOW IN i
THE COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION*. I
5
WEAK BACK!
jpA Pains When You Stand
(Iff**^ Pains When You Stoop
? 4&j Pains in the Morning
_JJ^«£^ Pains When Weather Changes
Loss of energy, a tired, genera! "run
fjaggfliilj W Sg^ down" feeling. For this wear
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELEGTRIG BELT.
H Wfl Electricity warms and invigorates the
teeble tissues, and here is a soothing stream
t^^^^^^^} nf l^ e P our ' n 2 inio them all nigh: long.
t^^^^^M^M They drink it in gladly and respon.1 to its
W^^^^^^^^i vicaliz ng spirit. When you uet up in the
morning your hack feels limber, elastic and
fs^^^^f strong again, and will be cured in a few
* days.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.
DR M. A. McLAUGHLIN: I suffered two rears from rheumatism In the muscles of
the back. After exhausting all known m eans for recovery I tried your famous Belt.
Uslns this as you directed. I obtained relief in ten days, and my general weakness vrai
cured. I have been well ever since, and can recommend your Belt. XV. H. OIDLOW.
Care of Patent Dept. . S. P. R. R.
Call at mv o'fice to-dav and 1st m* show vou how perfectly ray B.-l 1
work?. Let m* prcv; to vou how ft mnkes ra:n and women strong and
healthy. 1* you can't catj writ? for ray advice and beauiitully II unrated
83-page tnok. I' I* srnt <-.->!»d. 'rre. -
TITI Mi MrtT ITTnTTT TIT "H 32 Market Street. Corner Kearny. San
IK M A mfi lA tH I N Francisco. Burdlc* Bloc*, cor. Sprlog
illl. 111. 11. HlbUaUUliUlIl, ind Second Streets. Los Aoflele*-
THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
± ' » " t m « *^J
One do^en good @Af JS jd g| S*^^ Trtrr.icrs T{z2l Kid '^
Cabinet Thotos . Wmd^jfU Il/^£. dfm '"}&?& f j && HI if lT^ d^ & -%[ Cloves are test., k
, *'- b \ TTCilliC^CiM^lllliiCO / suso ,s
I i ; ] . JC
Wo are overstocked with .ton's SI 2. SO and $15. 0 3 Sing!a-3r>eastcd Sack Suits, %
and until further notice offer choice of any of these garments in oup store for £
MINE NINETY' f IVE ($9.95); handsome, seasonable fabrics in 20 of the newest 'j
nattonns and catorlng*, fashionably cut and wnli made* >j
W% Ladies' Sailors 81.00 White a :5
Half Price^ Skirls 85c* 5
Thin V3ar"s nio' f sought-fnr styl€3 at Three stvle3 of p'ain ticke I aid hem- -*Y» &
&*£J?^^'&* a^ P rl "^' to-day -W'Vnei'day) on'y. stitch?d Skirts, one of nir.lharil twj fotfirfir «*
La-iia-,' $1.00 Back Janbo and Pineapple cf cambric, first-c 333 skirta ia ever/ f/\\ I * "5
.'•^¦."'.l T^? Sailors, to-dar 50o respect, but na trimaiinj*. rifjularly vA.\*i^/ \t
V*^ 5 '"/ ;^k Ladies* $1.50 Navy B'oe S>!it Milan $l.*J"i each, special Vfctf- « j- 7^7\ •*
///MtT&ti&L Sailors, to-day .". 75o ncsdiv only. ifOG /,. j\ £
//IWIIWr*^ |Z00 BIack p ineap pi e Sai^ r ,. Seccnd Floor. jj\l j | \ $
Lidies' $3.00 Navy Blue SpKt S*Y 'i^^£2££z/.$l'5 ) ZOc Skirt «
Trimmed Hats $5.00, $8.VO, $10.03 '. LiltinffS itCi &£~^{ "«
second Floor. For Wednesday onlv we offer y^^T^-fr-A '?
¦ » «#-»»»*#^m»» y»v 2300 Tjrds bIack Skirl Liniaor ani /^^*~^5-^ga ~JK
M-inGIM nStnUStBr" /y)\ Skirting ia stripe and brocide pit- T -'Tr '""""^ *2
ChiBfS 9 Cm /^'|\ tern3, moire grounds a g-joi qntity '%
A ereit bargain for to-day / M tf/;\ '' 2 Jc per jard cloth, 34 inches wide. '*
(Wednesday - Ofl*y-200 dozai A 10 '% h \ * "° *
ladies all-linen hemstitched un- ¦%¦; : Jjjh /\ .J
lau-iderei Bandkerchiefs, with neat X \'& ; tr/lfi;! / / T"*mtSII Qfii^iMMr H£lr% V**im+i «
l:and-embroiderel initial,; these VO^#-S^#VX TWlll &UltmgS 1 UC VarO* J
neat ani thoronghlv good Hind- V\v\ 'tfyS's ¦ e K eau ' ne C 0^ 011 C.vjrt Cloth Ssi. in js, neat, hacdsoine. ?*
kerchiefs were made by peasants S.V^VS.X/^y^ durable, suitabb for outing drakes, hou« or street wear; -^
in Ireland and are a surprising % Vv/y^ a^° a n8 ae °* g'kh G-i'atea Twi lei Fabric.*; ragu- )(
value at the big store's spe- q ~^" ~ lsrly 12^3 per yard; oa specla' sale Wodneaday * g*
cial orire. each ZJG -X^ • only - .-- ~ fl/CJ
Sales Tables— Main Aisle. . Sales Tables-Main Aisle.
Laces One-Quarter Off To-Bay. |
Some of the prettiest Point de Paris and Nirmandv Valenciennes Laces shown this season are offered for '%
one day only (Wednesday) at onz-quarter off our re.su ar low price?. 15D0 yard? in this lot; *
widths from 1 to 9 inches; regular prices 7c to Q)c per yard. Buy to-day and save ja;t one-quarter. J5
Sales Tables— Main Aisle. *
$1.0 O Framed Pictures 48c, $3,00 Crash Skirt ¦?
* ' ' Choice Lfe PhotO3 in black 7 3 Cm ]>£? "*«
M l JL''^^^^fflEV and white, a hr*e 'and excellent This full-uidtb Crash Skir', trimmel with "5
ra,^ yft assortmsnt, name! wiih g'asi white as in pctnre. haa wide hem, fair y /1***«\ 5
Va f^^^Sl^*!^ f'XT m ' nC^ anc y ornarnen^el poo! crash, which will improve with Ik '. \;\\ .1
raw^NP^h«W\^>\wi e boay mould n^. siza 9JxllJ washing; well ma' e and fall width; wo LJ \*. &J*/ -J
raV^l^^w'^fliYtt inche?, very handsome, rfgaarly particularly empha3iz i this po'n'; n->th- \J^ x yS' jt
\a yMl^yP^a^firAH $1.00— special Wedne?- jan^ ing is skimped but the price; — « ,yi!'l';'^. % %
VS 'ibi^p^^'r^^pS^a day on'y *r&" to "day only M&G '<!if';H\V\\v*\iijt •*
r . [rTnrr rx-ut.-Second Floor. ~ _^. ' h1\V.**1i,W1 *S
$4,50 Pique M\\™ I
Dresses $2*45, MMWi : '
**k . 3-Quart Freizers Y^^%^^^^^\ ||M |
§i*5 7m wide, liberal hem on At:; no fear of it r J$5\ *N^\^n\ J[
A good family s za i3-qu-»rt) FreiZ^r, whit3 ever getting too short; a'l siz^; T3xn- '- - AjX^XiX"^ 3
\ ytfbs^ cedar tub, heavy gilvan'z id hoopi th3t w 11 Iarly ?4.50; special to- e*^ AtS. ' JJ"^3> .t
//LyifSeTl^"! I not rust, enclosed gsar to prevent salt g«t- day onlv &j£m*&& & .J
I IRSV i ting Into cream-in fact, a flnt-e:«s ea 3 y Second Floo^-Fron^ J
Y^ \ ..V^iT^i&Ty^* 1 ! Special Sale High-Grade %
h ~^L;:m^ 7mmm Vegetables anil Fruit\
We offer 3cO3 tins of Standard H.gh-grade Fruit3 and *^
Vegetabea to-day and while qaaatitija last at tha following \
remarkable price? — •*
PeUperS and SaltS 9Gm lO.O tin? Golden Rale Tomatoes, 4 for 25c x
t*SSK &i* Thesa are the new tall ¦ «£ tins Hunt's galJoa Tomatoes, gailoa 'g 3 *
S^Si C33 EgSJ sha-e Ppinprttand Sa'ts inn oOO tins \ ictory *«CCO/af/l f per tin WC 2
¥m IT 1 PS fi ne imitation of cut glass, °£ '™ J ict^ Boa.?s, per tin ...We $
M*& Jfe* with heavy si.ver plated tops 1000 tins Hunt's 3-lb peeled a«^ sliced per J
WWlim Sl°to"d3oWT Other Grocery Bargains. |
at the extraordinarily lowprica, each - SlG Bacon— Best Eastern sugar cured, nice lean strips. Wed- *v
nesdzy cnly. lb „.. /4 3 &
Cheese— Full Cream Eastern, io-diy lb 17c '2
I Rolled Oats— BeU Eistjrn. to-day 10 lbs 23c%
a I \ fJUrt?'? ff"ff W¥\ r Extra Values in Liquors. *
A small lot (2D0) 1J to 2 yard lergth? of excellent Cjrtam3. ,-.,. .-« i_%»«.- t -, .. «
suitable for sash or ha f curtains and odd windows wilths W j.'f°" f-?^ 0 w ?'* ko ?Z\ Tea " ?-.f a pur , 9 me " S
50.64 8^ 6J inches, are offered for to-day —— dicmal whisker, regularly $1.2o bott e, while supplv rr, w x
Only, Wednesday, at the nniform price, each.... 25 C _°° »and lasti special price O7c X
us fi 11 J Lt 41' • Cltrgsr Alo-\erj excellent quality, doz. 75o '3
Worth Hilly dOUble UllS price. Porter cherry- Pure wine, regular 7."c per g^on x
Drapery Derartm'nt-Main Floor. . grade,^-^' 49c *
Full count, 15 inches lonsr, Bjj B*^^» m ¦Cfe M C» * * P« Oper.s ? a. m. Everj-thln< "5
regularly CCc. QLpOI'O^TI BCUft£ )ff^ *5f j^l **, J^Sl neat and appetizing— fruit
To-day 333. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. oy7te^ 'cifors.^etc en "* *
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
> F. H. KKrZBACH. '.ar.-yer. SC3 Cat.. Clur.U b*
COPPERSMITH.
.'^EPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mrt.
r Xir CKITH P*!tl» P!umb!Bir. Steamboat and
\r IT • 3..11 1H« Ship Work a epeclalty. IS and
;k WarhtnrtcD et. Telephone Main 6641.
tOAL. COKB A.ND Pia JJ*>X
t r aTI CflV X- Tft W* Battery Street.
, T . L- " iLSU.l a VJ-. Telephone Main U>Zl.
FRFSH ANl> SALT MEATS.
tiC DAVTC £ TO Bhlpplnu Uutchem. 1<H
JAb- DUILJ g tU'Clay; Tel. Main 1Z9<.
LITH"GRAPHINO.
— «-<• Vr.'.on I-itbcrracb Co.. 225 Samom* et..
Ar*lKt!c Lithographers and Printer*. Govern-
rr.«:t* Uceasee fcr Imprinting cf Revenue
Etan:»»- " ; >"«;-
rxt-a. Ilnofrj** *r.S st«TM>type metal. PacTflc
jjfcttl ".ToT-its. *37- 9 Fim «t.. San Franclaco.
r- /- KVC.TTZ PRINTER.
I . C- BUUnCj' tit Sangomg «t.. S. P.
PRIN"» R-PS. BOOKEINDERS.
TfTP inCKS-XL'DD CO..
1 H. E -^^ First tt.. San Francisco.
STATIONEU AND PRINTE3.
***2f PARTRIDGE S2SE&
ViUiffASOSItAIA COAL. ¥£S^a&
' i AMON'L» CO\l' MUMKP CO.. at IU GREEN
oSm «ni T«rf«-l» Main Urcet.Taxation of corporations in Paris has
lcd_to the transfer of many main offices
to Brussels, French societies beinff.incor
porated there under the laws of Belgium
to avoid the French incoma tax.
Domestic Postal Kates for Hawaii.
The Postmaster General has announced
that domestic : postal rates, will prevail
in Hawaii after June 14. The parcels post
has been discontinued accordingly.-
Pupils Will Entertain.
The pupils of St. Peter's Academy «i]
give a literary and musical entertainment
in St. Feter's Hall on Florida street, be
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth
to-morrow evening, beginning at S o'clock.
Crediting of Delinquent Taxes.
City Attorney Lane advised Treasurer
Brooks yesterday that delinquent taxes
n^ P h ald sh , ould ;. b e credited not to the
Jh a r U K ho1^ , eo J lecte^ but to the year when
they should have been paid. The follow
i?£» a , m ? unts "celved for the fiscal year
1892-93 from redemption of taxes sold to
Htat .? t a P* other sources -will therefore be
S'-OT l i t <f d , t iL th £,* cco «nt .ot-lSSC-M: ISO.
tbOl Zn; 1S97, |3S3 41; 1SSS. $3C0. Total, J64S1 SO.
Horses and Cattle May Enter Here.
The. Secretary of the. Treasury notified
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday that
San Francisco has been made a quaran
tine port for "animals." Heretofore there
have -been but two. ports pn.this coaM—
San Diego and Port Tcfwnsend— where
horses, sheep and horned cattle could be
received, and quarantined. The fact that
large numbers of horses and mules will
be landed .here from the United States
army in Manila Induced. the Treasury De
partment" to remove the obstacle at San
Krancisco. : .-
Banks Pay Taxes.
Tax Collector Scott collected about JSO.
000 in taxes yesterday from the following
hVnks- Union Trust Company. SS90 73;
SKnla Bank. $31.302 78; German Sav
ing" and Loan Society. $23.705 96; French
Ptfnlc $442 43; San Francisco Savings
?Xii Ji^HHO. Scott is acting in ac
cordance with an opinion of the City At
tnrrev that he may remit the penalties, as
the amounts due were tendered within the
lecat time, but were refused because the
banks would not pay taxes on bonds sinco
declared by the Supreme Court to bo un
assessable..
For years the school children of San Francisco have
practiced their fire drills and there have been no nres.
The burning of the Lafayette School was one instance
Vkkcre the cry of wolf was not in vain.
The revelations in the investigation of the New
York ice trust indicate that many of the officials of
the great city conceived the notion that it was quite
the correct thing to be the iceman. •
When Kroger took with him in his Might from Pre
toria ten million dollars he evidently thought that life
3:1 the mountains would come high. He ought to be
game worth bagging for some of her Majesty's sol-
The St. Louis citizen -who insisted upon remaining
in the midst of a riotous demonstration and was sh'ot
in both legs for his obstinacy probably did not think
that the police officers would take his wishes so
literally.
The highwayman who accorded to .1 San Francis
car, the privilege of passing the hat probably thought
that the practice is frequent enough in the city to be
habitual, and that the job would be done in thor
oughness.
Congressman Lentr of Ohio is very' much afraid
that we will soon deprive ourselves of the luxury of
lobsters. The distinguished gentleman need have no
fear on that point as long as certain statesmen have
influence in Congress.
Nor was the astonishment unnatural. So great
was the excitement among the people on Mafckinjj
day and so universally was it shared by all classes
that some authorities among the British themselves
have come to the conclusion that the character of the
people lias changed. The outburst, according to
London papers, was not only unprecedented in Great
Britain, but in other lands. The Westminster Gazette
in reviewing the demonstration said:
"Except by its architectural features, London was
CHANGES IN BRITISH CHARACTER.
WHEN the reports of the extraordinary excite
ment in Great Britain over the relief of Lady
smith and Mafeking were received in this
country they were read with no little surprise. .- It
was the unexpected that had happened. The British
have for a long time cultivated a habit of suppressing
feeling. They have carried the blase air in society
to such an extent as to make it ridiculous and some
times offensive. They have delighted in showing
themselves calm, "cool, unmoved and half apathetic
r.ndcr all circumstances. It was supposed therefore
they would manifest the same stolidity during' the war
and consequently when they showed irritation at the
early ill success of their arms and upon the first good
news from the front burst out in a spasm of jubila
tion the astonishment in this country was general.
Four Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: John F. Lindstrom, San Fran-
» S -J? ' '"erchant, liabilities 53131 01. asssets
5^°°- ,.%?. mas . E - Daniel. Oakland, ped
dler, liabilities $1GG1. assets $82. Abraham
Mayer San Francisco, commission agent
liabilities $6075. no assets. Amos J. Bailey
?- a "' FrancisC0 - speculator, liabilities $12,'
nV 7 4°n«. no asset ,^ The , P-rtncipal creditors
of Bailey are Edward J. Bailey promN-
S-5,?°S' m a eKSur Frank G - Ed -
PRETTY CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented ia of "dragee"
color, but can be made in khaki or linen.
The jacket is edged with cashmere pat
tern silk and the skirt trimmed in the
same style. The front is of cashmere
pattern foulard, and a, flounce of the same
material is wen between the tunic border
at the bottom of the skirt.
WILL NOT PAY POLICE
CONTINGENT EXPENSES
Auditor Wells Holds TTp Two De
mands for Mysterious Services
Not Designated.
Auditor Wells yesterday held up two de
mands for $435 each drawn on the contin
gent expense fund of the Police Depart
ment. The Auditor states that he is not
auditing any demands for June until all
bills previously Incurred are paid.
These particular expenditures were or
dered by Chief Sullivan, but the demands
do not specify for hat P"/ 1^ "J^
were made The total amount. J00O, was
cut in two as authorization for payment
nfmima exceeding fcoO must be adver
tised It is not known whether the money
was SDent for the employment of stool
piSeons "0 wat.-h suspected patrolmen in
P'hinatown during the quarantine, as tho
mysterious services rendered are not des
ignated. .
They Will Be Placed Under Supervis
ion of Board. of Public
Works. "
An ordinance will be introduced at the
next meeting of the Board of Supervisors
providing for the issuance of permits for
the erection or alteration of buildings, im
posing fees for Inspection thereof and
providing for issuance of certificates of
construction. The object Is to place the
alteration of buildings under the super
vision of the Board of Public Works and
to transfer the power from the Fire
Wardens, who have hitherto had it in
charge. The bill has been submitted to
several architects and to the Builders'
Exchange and meets with their entire
approval. . .
k After permission has been obtained
from the Board of Public \V0rk3 to erect,
add to or enlarge a building thei applicant
shall file with the board a complete set
of plans and specifications of the pro
posed building, including the exact site,
the material dimensions and estimated
cost and the probable time to be occupied
In building. . The ordinance further pro
vides for the payment of $10 if theesti-~
mated cost is &000: $15 if more than $5000
and less than JlO.OoO, and for every addi
tional $1000 the further sum of 50 cents for
expenses of Inspection and examination of
plans. The Board of AVorks shall appoint
inspectors to supervise the work and shall
furnish the owner of such building a cer
tificate that it has been constructed In
conformity with existing laws for which
a ree of $1 shall be charged.
NEW ORDINANCE FOR
BUILDING ALTERATIONS
Members of the local Chinese ring, it is charged,
are scheming to destroy the efficiency of the Chinese
Bureau under the administration of the Immigration
Commissioner. It appears that these brokers in
human chattels seem to think that conspiracy is.no
longer a crime under Federal laws.
The Board of Health appears to have overlooked
the interesting fact that there is a large colony of un
quarantincd Chinese in the detention sheds of the Pa
cific Mail dock. These coolies have come direct
from the seat of the plague. Why do they escape the
watchful* eyes of the officers?
The local Board of Education is certainly entitled
to the earnest sympathy and commiseration of the
public. .For officials who claim to.be making every
effort to remove their department from the corrupt
ing influences of politics they are making a most sig
nal failure. .
The southern counties of the State, it is said, wiil
not leave the coming Democratic State Convention
until they have taken Mayor Phelan's scalp. If the
southern delegates are looking for trophies they
should by no means overlook Charley Fay's lip.
It is asserted that one of the features of the musi
cal entertainments at the Paris Exposition- is the
popularity of ragtime music, and perhaps before the
show is over there may be a procession of imperial
visitors doing the cakewalk^ »
Chinese morality, as we have learned to know it,
givc3 every to believe that when some,indus
trious scoundrel attempted to blackmail the denizens
of Chkiatown it was a case of diamond cut diamond.
Hobson is coming home again, but the girls are
safe. The gallant hero of tre Mcrrimac. is too ill to
appear in public and there will be no kissing bees
after he lands in America.
Dewey swears most positively that, he promised
A Ruinaldo nothing. It is safe to say that the Filipino
rebel is sure that the admiral kept his promise..
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Southern Pacific's Bight to Maintain
a Fence Thereon Is Ques
tioned. ,
The City Attorney has been directed by
the Board of Supervisors to ascertain if
the Southern Facific Company has any
ownership in Sherman street between
Wyoming avenue and the old San Jose
road. This action is the result of a peti
tion filed by the property owners in the
vicinity against the maintenance of a
barbed wire fence on either side of the
company's tracks, claiming that it is det-
rimental to property •interests, as Sher
man avenue is and always has been a
public street.
The Southern Pacific Company state* In
n communication to the Board of Public
Works that It 13 the owner of and in
possession of a strip of land 150 feet wW«
along and upon each side of the place
where the alleged obstruction Is maintain
ed, and has been the owner gince Decem
ber. 1SG1. The communication continues:
V Sherman avenue. If it be a public street, be
came such by the filing of West Map No. 2 on
May t. 1863. This map was nied by the grantor
of the Southern Pacific Company's predecessor,
but It could not operate to establish a street
over or -across lands theretorore conveyed by the
landowner flllns such map. It follows that
there is no public street across the company's
right of way at Sherman avenue, anil conse
quently the fence complained of does not con
stitute an obstruction.
LAYS CLAIM TO PART
OF SHERMAN AVENUE
SChjOOL BOARD AND THE TEACHERS
OX Monday the Board of Education, emerging
from secret se-ss-ions, set about adopting ne*
rules for the regulation of teachers. Among
them was one declaring: "Any employe of this de
partment who willfully neglects to pay his or her just
debts, having the ability to do so, shall be subject
to suspension or dismissal from the department.'
Another rule declares: "Any teacher in this depart
ment who after proper examination by a physician
designated by the Board of Education shall be found
to be suffering from tuberculosis or offensive catarrh
shall be subject to dismissal."
The adoption of these rules for the purpose of cur
ing existing or expected ills among the teachers will
incline to the public to say to the board: "Physician,
heal thyself." The Board of Education has not been
prompt to pay the salaries of the teachers. How jhen
shall it demand that they pay their debts? Further
more, the board is reputed to be at this very time
engaged in concocting a scheme for increasing the
work of the teachers and reducing their pay. How
then are they to be ary better off in the future than
in the past, any more able to meet all their obliga
tions with cash?
Just why the board should have adopted this rule
dots not appear on the surface of things and has not
been explained. By its very wording it reflects upon
the teaching body. It intimates that some of them
having ability to pay their debts have refused to do
so, and that coercion has become necessary. It is
safe to assert that such reflection upon the teachers
h as uncalled for as it is unjust. The teachers had
suffered enough at the hands of the board before this
aspersion was put upon them, and when all the cir
cumstances of delay in payments and a threatened
reduction of salaries are taken into consideration the
r.cu- rale can hardly be regarded as other than a bit
of offensive impertinence.
The rule requiring teachers to submit to examina
tion by a physician, and subjecting to dismissal all
who suffer from tuberculosis or offensive catarrh,
ought to be applied to the members of the board as
•well as to the teachers. A physician skilled in politi
cal diseases mipht find among the members of the
board some who are badly afflicted with political tu
berculosis, or a species of offensive jobbery worse
than catarrh. It i? a widespread opinion that the evils
and diseases that injure our public schools are to be
found not so much in the teaching body as in the
Boards of Education. Therefore if there is to be
examination the public vould be glad to have experts
investigate and determine what sort of microbes are
working among the members of the board.
DURING the coming season of grand
opera at the Tivoli a number of
novelties will be produced. Among
them Verdi's "Falstaff," with Sa
lassa in the title role; "Hamlet" and Ha
levy's "Jewess' will be revived. Anna
Lichter will sing the soprano roles in
"Falstaff" and "Hamlet."
Edith Mason, late leading soprano of
the Southwell Opera Company, has left
for the East with her husband, Thomas
Persse. The Southwell Opera Company is
now in Honolulu for a season. Hattie
Belle Ladd will sing the leading soprano
roles in place of Edith Mason and Miss
Tillie Salinger will take Miss Ladd's
parts. «
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Falrweathcr have
left town for a vacation in San Leandro.
Miss Edith Wadsworth is now in Santa
Barbara. She has been taking part in a
number of concerts down south.
•Mrs. Grace "\V. Malmgren has almost re
covered from her recent dangerous illness
and will go to Duncans Mill for a season.
Frank Jacobs, the musical son of W. A.
Jacobs, will go to Europe about the be
ginning of August to study violin and
vocal music.
A recent experiment in grand opera at
Lexington, Ky., has met with what thtr
Eastern papers designate an "immense
success." It was a performance in Eng
lish of "Carmen" by an entire company
of colored people, the Afro-American
Grand Opera Company, under the direc
tion of Theodore Drury. The audience at
Lexington— half white, half colored—ap
plauded to the echo the efforts of. the
colored musicians, and it has been se
riously suggested that the company
should go on a tour. v The leader, Theo
dore Drury, who played Don Jose, is de
scribed as. a handsome, dignified, intelli
gent exponent of his part, and the Car
men, Madame Plato, as reasonably satis
factory in comparison with the great ones
of the role. Conductor Paret is also
praised, but the chorus comes in for criti
cism on a charge of musical rebellion.
The baton beats in vain for them; they go
their own sweet way.
One of the most interesting features of
the American "exhibits" at the Paris Ex
position, says F. S. "LivinRstone In the
Metropolitan, Is the band of the Carlisle
Indians. This band of sixty performers,
under the direction of Mr. Denis Whee
lock (of the Oneida tribe), has a large
classical repertoire — Wajrner, Beethoven,
Schumann, Bach— and their very excellent
performance of this untom-tommy kind
of music comes as a huge surprise to
those familiar with their cacophonous at
tempts at harmony in their savage con
dition. One of Mr. "Wheelock's own com
positions, "From Savagery to Civiliza
tion." performed at the exposition, has
aroused considerable favorable attention.
Zitkala Sa, a young Indian maiden of
the Sioux tribe, also of the Carlisle In
dians, is one of the most distinguished of
the violin pupils at the Boston Conserva
tory of Music.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Dr. H. C. Shannon of Korea is at the
Occidental.
Dr. H. W. T. Wallarger of Milwaukee
is at the Grand.
L. A. Thurston, former Minister from
the Hawaiian Islands, is stopping at the
Occidental.
Julius Kahn and wife returned from
Washington yesterday and registered at
the California.
H. M. Sewall. ex-Hawaiian Minister, ar
rived yesterday on the China and Is a
guest at the Palace.
C. A. Smith-Ryland, an English multi
millionaire, is stopping at the Palace. He
has been making a trip around the world.
. George Ade, the Chicago journalist who
made a decided hit with his two books,
"Artie" and "Fables in Slang," la at the
Palace. He will leave to-morrow.
Sir George Goldie. prominent in the Co
lonial service of Great Britain. arrived
yesterday on the China and registered at
the Palace. For six years he was the
Go\-ernor of Nigeria on the west coast of
Africa. He organized the government
there and developed the resources of the
country. Last year this territory was
turned over to Great Britain and took its
place among the colonies of that power.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Nuptials of Miss Leila
Voorhies and Lieuten
ant Guy Scott.
r» ISS LEILA VOORHIES and Lieu
//y/\ tenant Guy Scott, Third United
II lik \ Stat <?s Artillery, were married
last evening at the residence of
the bride's parents. Dr. and Mrs. A. H.
Voorhies,. 2111 California street. Bishop
Nicholls performed the ceremony.
The house was artistically arranged
with beautiful flowers, red. the artillery
qolor,. prevailing in the decorations. Miss
Elizabeth Huntington officiated as maid of
honor and Lieutenant Merriam, U. S. A.,
was best man. ....
The bride wore an elegant gown of ivory
white 6atln and carried a bouquet of ex
quisite white orchids. Miss Huntington
was attired in wtfite mull over white silk
and her bouquet was composed of Ameri
can beauty roses.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Scott will leave to
day for a short stay in Southern Califor
nia and on the 19th inst. will leave for
Fort Monroe, where they will make their
home.
BRIDE OF AN
ARMY OFFICER
DONNELLY TO THE POPULISTS.
WHATEVER views may be taken of the sound
ness of Ignatius Donnelly's theories on poli
tics or on the authorship of Hamlet, there
can be but one opinion concerning the character of
the man himself. His courage and his sincerity are
question. He has repeatedly shown those
! qualities in political, in literary and unscientific con
troversies, and now he has once more exhibited them
by standing stahchly for the doctrines of Populism
in spite of all the Bryanites have been able to do or
to offer by way of inducing him to abandon them.
His letter of acceptance of the nomination for Vice
President on the straight Populist ticket is clear, vig
orous and manly. He believes he is right, and so be
lieving does not intend to compromise with wrong
for the sake of getting office himself or enabling any
one else to do so.
Upon the money question Donnelly, like a true
Populist, objects not only to the gold standard, but
to any metallic standard whatever, and exposes the
absurdity of the position of the silver men. Starting
with the assumption, "To supply the 'people with
money is the supreme function of government," he
argues "there is no more reason for making our
money of metals than there is for engraving our na
tional bonds on plates of gold, or printing our post
age stamps on tags of silver." He is faithful to his
fundamental principle amrK carries it to the logical
conclusion by demandingn-he retirement of all kinds
of metallic money and bank notes and the creation by
the Government of an ample supply of money for its
people by an issue of greenbacks.
Donnelly is too clear-sighted to be deceived by the
specious promise that the principles of Populism can
be advanced by the election of Bryan. He asks the
question: "Can ,we reach the ends we have in view
through the Democratic party?" Then he answers:
"Suppose that the old Whig party, instead of decently
dying in 1856. when it had outlived its function, had
lingered superfluous on the stage, and the people of
the United States had tried to use it as an instrumen
tality to destroy slavery, could they possibly have
succeeded? No; they would have found half of. its
membership favorable to slavery and half opposed to
it; and instead of reform we should have had con
tinuous internecine warfare. Slavery was destroyed
by a party every member of which was opposed to
slavery. Plutocracy will never be overthrown by the
Democratic party, with its head in Wall street and its
tail in the Mississippi Valley. We must have a party
dreadfully in earnest and in which there is not a
single plutocrat. If ten horses are hitched to the
front of a cart, and ten horses, equally strong, arc
fastened to the tail end, will not the cart stand still?"
There is no escaping the logic of that conclusion.
Genuine Populism has nothing to hope for from a
party whose New York leaders are members of Tam
many Hall and owners of stock in the ice trust, and
whose candidate for^the Presidency is in close affilia
tion with Tammany. Donnelly is wrong to the verge
of folly in the ends he aims at, but he is perfectly ra
tional and right as to the means of obtaining them.
Moreover, he is to be given credit for his sincerity
and honesty in remaining true to his convictions, not
withstanding all the blandishments the Bryanites have
brought to bear to coax him to consent to fusion. .
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 13. IQQQ
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
'ddtess All Communications to»W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone l ' r^^^
I'LBLICATIOar OFPICE..Mnrket ni«d Third. S. F.
Telephone I'rcs* 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 217 <o 221 Stevenion St.
Telephone Press 202.
OrllTrrrd toy Currier*. 1R C*nti F«r. Week.
Mncle Coition. S Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Pontajjet
PAILT CAL.I. (lndufllns BS&dlT). cne year *1 M
PAJL.Y CA1A* (Inducing- Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL <includimr Bund*y). 3 months l.M
DAILY CALL— Bt Single Month «o
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-QQ
All poitmuten are authorised to receive
¦nbtcrlptioni.
Bajsple ocpies will be ?or«ranled when requested.
Hall subscriber* In onJerir.g change of adrtrfss rhould bo
particular to Rive both NEW AND OLD AODRKSS In order
to Insure a. pronpt «Lnd correct compliance with their request.
OAJSXiAAD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C GEORGE KROSNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lccg Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO ISTEW3 STAXDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Xewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcuse; Aufiltort'jm Hotel.
NEW TOEK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Hurray Hill HcteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent. ,
BR %\TH OFFICES -It' Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes. cpen until 9:30 o'clock. €33 j
McAllister, open t:rjtil 8:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until |
»:S0 o'clock. 19« Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1CS« Valencia, open
cstll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW cor
ner Twenty-aerer.d and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
McKINLEY. AND THE ENVOYS"
COLONEL BRYAN is an incessant hunter after
effect in politics. He turns over everything-to
see if it can be turned to account and help serve
his ambition.
He has taken up the Boer envoys for the votes they
may contain and is using them for one of his ex
hibits. He objects to our Government denying, them
an alliance and taking up their cause, regardless of
the Monroe doctrine and common sense. The sym
pathy of the people and of the members of the Gov
ernment at Washington are not withheld from the
Boers, but what one may do as an individual and
what he may do as President are quite different
things. Colonel Bryan has never been anything but
an individual and he may honestly think, if he ever
thinks at all, that as President he would do just what
he does as an individual, but he is mistaken. He has
criticized President McKinley because in his inter
view with the Boer envoys he entertained them in
conversation and waited for them to introduce the ob
ject of their visit. Any tyro in official matters, or in
social matters, either, knows that the President can
neither ask what official visitors come for, rior an
ticipate their declaration of their errand, nor stand
stupidly and say nothing until they announce the
purpose of their visit. When the envoys called at
the White House the President received them gen
ially and entertained them in conversation until they
were ready to say what they came for. Not only
official etiquette, but the usages of ordinary considera
tion and politeness were observed. The President
did his duty, not only in the personal kindliness of
his demeanor, but in refusing to raise any false hopes
as to the pow$r- of this Government to give official
aid and comfort to the Boers. Aware that what he
said and what he refrained from saying would alike
be misrepresented and used to his disadvantage, he
refused to use the envoys and the South African war
for personal political purposes. Had he been unmind
ful of his public duty, or had he no higher concep
tion of it than its use for his. personal advantage, the
way was easy for him to give the envoys such assur
ances as would have personally strengthened him in
domestic politics. But to do this would have required
the implication of a promise that cannot be kept
and the raising of hopes in the Boers that could
cnly be disappointed. The President abstained. For
getting himself as a candidate for re-election, putting
what politicians would call the interest of his party
aside, and, indeed, sinking his individual sympathies,
he stood, as he ought, the representative of a Gov
ernment that is the trustee of the Western hemi
sphere, bound by the Monroe doctrine not to intei
fere in the affairs of European nations.
Where it was easy to forget his public obligation
as President and further his fortunes as a politician,
he did right in seeing nothing but his public duty.
While this course was right to his own country, it was
also the right course for the Boers. Suppose he had,
cither vaguely or directly, encouraged them to look
for the only interference possible, an alliance and
declaration of war against England, what man of
sense believes that the country would permit either
or would tolerate support of such action by Congress?
Yet when Colonel Bryan says that the envoys
should have been received as France received Frank
lin in 1776, he knows, if he know anything, that
Franklin was received as representative of an ally
of France in a war between that kingdom and Great
Britain. He knows also that such a reception of the
Eoer envoys by President McKinley would have vio
lated every great doctrine upon which our institutions
are based. It would have ended the Monroe doctrine.
It would have amounted to a declaration of war by
the President, when the constitution deprives him of
the power to plunge the country into war. It would
have unbalanced our own Government and disturbed
the world's peace. But it would have been a splendid
stroke of personal politics for the President had he
been reckless enough to have indulged in it.
It is greatly, to his credit and his honor that he put
away temptation and refused to injure his country
and its institutions and. encourage the Boers to hope,
cnly to be disappointed?
From the attitude of Colonel Bryan we are to infer
that if he become President he will not let' such a
chance slip. Any time that he can make a false play
in foreign affairs for the sake of its effect on domestic
politics he will make it.
He must not object to be judged by his own decla
rations, and this is what they mean. The infirmity of
Colonel Bryan .is that he talks more than it is possible
for him to think. Every windmill that is running
is not pumping water. Bryan's vocal organs are
mostly uncoupled from his mental works. He has a
talented tongue and a fair vocabulary. That part of
his equipment is all right. But it 'is like a windmill
disconnected from the pump.
He divides the voters into two classes; those who
know that he could not carry into official action the
fool things he says, and those who honestly believe
he will. The latter class support him because they
want harm done and think he can do it; the former
tolerate him because they think he can't do any harm,
anyway. Between these two sentiments he expects
such a contribution of votes as will make him Presi
dent. It is for this icason that he imports foreign
issues into domestic politics.
In no other matter developed in their careers is
there a better illustration of the radical and character
istic difference between Bryan and the President.
McKinley, with every political and partisan interest in
the balance, tempted to deceive the Boers by impos
sible promises and make at* tfle same time a hit in
domestic politics, refrains and acts the President of n
republic that emblazons the Monroe doctrine on its
shield and is the self-respecting gentleman at the
same time.
unrecognizable on Saturday. From early thorn : till
after midnight there was a crowding, a bedecking,
a gayety, a flag-waving, a processioning, a singing, a
shouting, a trumpeting, a cheering that, taken to
gether,' stand unparalleled in all probability in the
records of j any capital in the world's history. And
as it was in the capital, so it was in proportion
throughout the kingdom aqd the empire. Verily, an
unmatched and overwhelming celebration.-'
In the course of the jubilation all forms of extrava
gance and folly were committed. The Gazette went
on to say:
"A careful observer^writes in the Daily News that
girls and 3'oung men^danced, embraced and kissed on
Saturday without any previous acquaintance. Pea
cock's feathers were in very large demand and (as our
contemporary points out) they brought good luck
to many a young man on Saturdays The»manner"and
purpose of their use arc easily told. With this in
strument the youth would, by way of introduction,
gently stroke the maiden's face, whereupon, if she
smiled he would ask, 'May I have a kiss?' and if she
said 'No' in a way that meant 'Yes' he would straight
way give himself the pleasure. Along the Strand,
and up the Haymarket and down Piccadilly the
smack of kisses was a sound thatjeounted, even amid
the hurly-burly of trumpetirg, shouting, cheers and
lauchter." ?
With such a record as that upon which to base con
clusions it is not strange that a French writer should
pronounce judgment that "the British soul is in de
cadence, that it has no longer a right to laugh at
French exaggerations and that it knows not now l,w
to imitate, as once it did, the stoicism of Rome, im
passible in defeat and in victory."
THE SAN FEANCISCO C ALL, WEDlSTJESiJA if, JOXE 13, 1900.
"WHEIR/E IDO "WE COME IIsT?
—Chicago Inter Ocean.
6
Special Information supplied dally t^
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 tXont*
gomery street. Telephone Mala liHl « ;
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> atToTmsead'a.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.d Ojvra-house — "The Girl From Ch'H."
Columbia— Kellkr.
California— "A Tin Soldier."
Tivoli— "Madeleine."
Alc&rar— "fapho."
Orph«2m — Vaudeville.
Olmpi*. ccrner Mason and E<3Jy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville evtry afteraoon &nd
evening.
FiFcher'p— "Ernanl."
Butro Baths— Op*n nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Men<1er.hall— Thursday. June 14, at 11 o'clock,
high-clafs llorFct, at lTSt Market Ftreet.These^examinations arc open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Certi
ficates will be granted in each course to. students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a com mittee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle, The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers "Examination."
EXAMINATIONS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Reception to Bishop Grace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 12.— A reception and
complimentary entertainment was ten
dered to Bishop Grace : yesterday . by the
music class of Holy Rosary Academy. On
Sunday, the Bishop confirmed a class of
sixty-two.
CHANGES JN CONTRACTS
FOR PUBLIC LIGHTING
Committee Decides to Award Two, Six
Months to Be Period of
Bach. V. ".,
The Supervisors' Committee on Artifi
cial Lights decided yesterday to invite
bids for the electric lighting of public
buildings and streets; so that for the next
fiscal year there will be two contracts of
six months each. The bids will be consid
ered separately and the awards will be
made to the lowest bidder. This plan in
sures the submission of. competitive rates,
as the Independent Light and Power Com
pany will not be prepared to furnish elec
tric lights throughout the city until the
second half of the fiscal year.
It was also decided to call for bids for
the electric lighting of each public build
ing Instead of for all, as heretofore, the
two contracts to be for six monthg each.
The plans prepared by Gas Insepctor Tup
per call for tho lighting of 4520 gras lamps,
but the number was reduced to 4000, which
Is considered sufficient to light the city.
The requirement that the bidders must
have connecting-pipes and wires with the
gas inspector's office in order that the
lights may bo tested was ordered elim
inated from the specifications.
¦ Chairman "Wilson of the Fourth- of July
Committee has called a meeting for. this
evening at 8 o'clock In the California Ho
tel He appointed the following sub-com
mittees yesterday: «<
Parade— Colonel Thomas F. O'Nell, John Sim
men, August Iten. _,_,_..
Literary— Henry C. Gesford, Iaidor I. Brown,
W. T. Basgett.
Finance— A. W. Thompson, William H. Ha
zel 1 \V. T. Baegett.
Fireworks— John R. Hillman, H. J. Stafford,
Dr. Gardner P. Pond.
Music— E. I. Coffey. Colonel E. A. Denlcke.
Printing— H. L- Ladd. Thomas WV Hickey.
Decoration— Dr. Gardner P. Pond, Colonel E.
A. Denlcke, Isldor I. Brown.
Regatta— William H. Hazell, H. I* Ladd,
H." J. Stafford. ¦
Fourth' of July Sub-Committees.
Mayor Phelan, with the Street Commit
tee of the Supervisors; City Engineer
Grunsky and Engineer Story of the Santa
Fe Company, visited South San Francisco
yestenUty^to investigate the application
of the Santa Fe for a franchise on Illinois
street. This franchise if granted will not
be exclusive, but any other, company may.
use the tracks, paying: an egual share of
the cost of maintenance. ,The ! committee
will probably make a favorable recom
mendation after inserting conditions fa
vorable to the city.
Franchise on Illinois Street.
The graduating exercises cJf the Poly
technic High School took place yesterday
afternoon under the direction of Principal
Walter N. Bush. There were sixty-two
boys and girls who were awarded diplo
mas or certificates. Those entitled to
three-year diplomas were: Edward S.
Abenheim. Charles Francis Adams, Eu
gene Barnerot, Francis Block, David S.
Cahen, Charles N. Conlin. Leslie Cou
brough. Herbert Goewey, Monral -M.
Green, Leo V. fcorbel, Thomas F. Mc-
Donald. Clemens Raetz, Jacob Schwarz,
Carl H. Btrohlin. John D. Spreckels Jr..
Carl A. Wigholm. Emelie Barthels. Ber
nlce Baddeley Beeney, Ida Fuendeling,
Josephine Herron, Nellie Hurley, Clarice
McCurdy, Jennie. H. Saundcrs, Dorothy
S. Schroder. Alice Schurch, Edna Thom
son.
A three-year certificate was taken by
Charles K. Jenner. Certificates of the
three-year course in drawing were award
ed to Nonle Adams, Pauline McCullough
Brown, Adelaide Dibble, Cornelia Felt,
Lucy J. Hyde, Camille d'Evelyn Johnston,
Anna Luken, Laurilla Murdock and Marie
Stolberg.
One and one-half year commercial cer
tificates were awarded to Walter A. Em
mett, Frank Mettmann, Allister Ross.
Amand P. Robert, Harry W. Templeman,
Carl Thurston, Irene- Ethel Canavan,
Laura Leonardo Davalos, Amy F. Fel
lows, Gertrude H. Gallagher, Edna F.,
Goodall, Jennie A. Hughes, Leah Jacobs.
Elizabeth Kearney, Sarah Maguire, Car
rie Mangels, Sophie C. Mix, Rose Orack,
Grace Odell. Elizabeth M. Potter. Lau
rania F. Perry. Louise Phoedovlus, Annie
Retchle. Gertrude N. Simmons, Alice Tru
dell and Lottie Whitehead.
The exercisrs opened with the march of
the class of 1900 into the rooms where the
graduation exercises were held. When
the members had taken their places on
the stage Principal Bush spoke briefly.
He welcomed the visitors, who were
many, and explained that some of tho
graduates had been called away by their
parents to assist them in their business
and that others had accepted positions
where they wore beginning to earn a liv
ing. These facts were evidences of the
usefulness of the training received in the
school, the principal said.
A chorus of boys and girls sang "Away
to the Forest." Miss Lottie Llnne recited
spiritedly a selection illustrative of the
difficulties encountered by the primary
teachers. The Misses Lydia and Angle
Spadie sang a duet with such fine effect
that they were encored. Frank J. Symmes
made a brief address, congratulating the
graduates and saying other pleasant
things. After the chorus had sung a med
ley a mock presentation of the class pic
ture took place. It is customary for each
graduating class to supply a group picture
of the members, to be hung in the school.
This year the pictures were not completed
in time. Therefore a large screen, draped
Jn black, but embellished with flowers and
ribbons, the class year being indicated in
City Institutions of Learning
Gave Merited Tokens
to Students.
MANY GRADUATES
WERE AWARDED
THEIR DIPLOMAS
Tho thirty-first annual commencement
exercises of Sacred Heart Presentation
Convent School were held yesterday af
ternoon in the convent building at the
corner of Taylor and Ellis streets. The
hall was crowded and many spectators
were compelled to remain outside. TJie
exercises were very pleasing. They were
under the direction of the Presentation
Convent sisters. The hall was decked
with the class colors, blue and white, and
a conspicuous place was given to the class
motto, "Macte virtute." The exercises
were only for the senior and the middle
classes. The others had held their exer
cises some time before. Very Rev. Father
Prendersast. V. G., and several others of
tho clergy and three Christian Brothers
occupied "front scats. The girls of the
senior class, all dressed ir? white, occu
pied one end of the stage, facing the audi
ence, and the members of the middle
class, similarly attired, had the other end
of the stage. Conspicuous in the decora
tions of the hall were several American
Hags and garlands of flowers. The grad
uates were: Missos Josephine A. Marks,
Frances G. Madden, Abbylelx M. Lundy,
Annie G. Flynn and Margaret J. O'Brien.
The valedictorian was Miss Josephine
Marks, in addition to the diplomas there
were awarded certificates for completing
the grammar course to Misses M. Magin
nls, M. Pierce, M. Carter, A. Donohue, M.
Therien, M. Calhoun. E. Olson, E. Halla
han, L. Meagle?, A. O'Nell, N. Devine. J..
Terry, M. Goyette, G. O'Brien, M. Fitz
gerald, A. O'Brien. A. English, M. Ford,
L. Lamey and J. Cummlngs.
The programme was long and included
the following:
Salutatory. Miss Abblyeix Lundy; duet. "Wil
low Grove March," for two pianos. Miss A.
Donohue, Miss L. Meagles, Miss J. Buckley,
Mifes M. Mallory; piano solo, 'Bellsario," Miss
M. Mallory; recitation, "Mr. Brown's Dilem
ma." Miss Alice English: duet. "Semlramide."
for two pianos. Miss A. Lundy, Miss N. Con
very, Miss M, Keenan and Miss M. Mallory;
piano piece for three pianos, "Fille du Regi
ment," Miss O. Wallace. Miss S. Reno, Miss
M. Calhoun, Miss A. O'Brien, Mlsa J. Cum
mlngs ant Miss I. Doherty; recitation, "A
Hero's Reward," Miss Agatha Cotter: selections
for stringed instruments, Miss J. Marks, Miss
F. Madden, Miss A. Cotter. Miss S. Reno.
Miss S. Smith. Miss A. Lundy, Mlas C. Barr.
Miss G. O'Brien. Miss M. O'Brien.. M!ss G.
Wallace. Miss M. Mallory.' Mi*s K. Sullivan
and Miss N. Convery: recitation. "Gualberto's
Victory," Ml?s Gertrude Wallace; class song.
"Pilgrims," by Verdi; selection from "Masa
niello." Miss A. Lundy. Miss N. ConveTy, Miss
M. Foley. Miss M. Keenan, Miss A. O'Brien
and'Mlss I. Doherty.
After the valedictory by Miss Marks the
diplomas were awarded by Very Rev.
Father Prendergast, V. G., who spoke
briefly and in complimentary terms. An
exhibition was made in the adjoinins room
of point lace. Battenberg lace and em
broidery, the work of the pupils. The fol
lowing premiums were awarded: r
Gold medals for Christian doctrine, donated
by Very Rev. J. J. I'rendergaft, V. O., awarded
to Miss Frances Madden and Miss Josephine
Marks; successful competitors for a gold medal
for general excellence— Mlcses Frances Madden.
Christina Barr, Agatha Cotter, Ethel Lonergan.
Gertrude V.'allace. Marie Maeinnls, Ella HaJ
lahan, Mary Fitzgerald, Marie Therien, Mary
Calhoun, Mary Coleman, Grace Carter, Ida
Doherty. Selma Schnabel, Anna Cotter, Ger
trude McCarthy: winner. Miss Marie Maglnnls;
premiums for general excellence awarded to
Misses F. Madden. C. Barr. A. Cotter. E.
Lonergan, G. Wallace. E. Hallahan, M. Fitz
gerald, M. Therlen, M. Calhoun, M. Coleman,
G. Carter. I. Doherty. Selma Schnabel, A. Cot
ter, Gertrude McCarthy; premium for music —
MIbs Alice Thompson; premiums awarded to the
young lady graduates by Very Rev. J. J. Fren
dergfaft, V, G.— Misses Josephine Marks, Fran
ces Madden, Abbylelx Lundy, Annie Flynn,
Margaret O'Brien.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Graduates Presented With Their
Diplomas in the Auditorium.
Mission High School auditorium, where
the graduating class of 1900 received di
plomas, was a sight well worthy, of the
occasion during the afternoon hours of
yesterday. PTevious to the audience be
ing admitted the stage where the young
graduates were to assemble was hand
somely decorated with a choice collection
of warm belt cut flowers of exquisite fra
grance and potted plants of rare tropical
freshness, and when the audience, which
was entirely composed of ladles, had filled
every seat in the auditorium the place
looked like a flower garden on dress pa
rade.
The following arranged programme was
faultlessly rendered:
Selection, Mission High School Orchestra, di
rector Professor C. Schernsteln; chorus, "Rus
sian Hymn" (Lwoff), musical director Miss
Estelle Carpenter, accompanist Miss Alice
Duncan; "Photography," Aber S. Wiestcr;
quartet, "Ah! "Tis a Dream" (Hawley), Miss
Viola Van Orden. Miss Halliday Duncan, Miss
Mildred Moote. Miss Edna Craig; "The Elope
ment in '75," Miss Helen C. McCarthy; chorus,
" 'Tls Sweet to -Live Among the Mountains"
(Pearson); address, President C. W. Mark;
chorus, "Cradlo Song" (Brahms); "The Man
and the Newspaper," Miss .Magdalene Akelan;
Eelectlon, Mission HlKh School Orchestra; con
tralto solo, "Cradle Song" (Uannah), Ml«s
Edna M. Craig; "Whither Are We Drifting?"
RUhard O'Connor; solo and quartet, "Sere
nade" (Niedllnger), Joseph Broyer, Aber "W'leB
ter. John Keefe. Emile Cerejchlno, Alexander
Doran; "Ot the People — for the People," Miss
Corinne Bailey; chorus, "Pilgrim's Chorus"
(Wagner); address, Hon. James D. Phelan,
Mayor; chorus, "Freedom. Our Queen"
(Strong): address. Principal Joseph O'Connor:
presentation of diplomas. Director James Den
man; selection. Mission High School Orchestra.
At the conclusion of the programme tho
following graduates received their diplo
mas:
Marparct Magdalene Akelan. Oorinne Ballev.
Minnie Gertrude Bray, Hazel Alma Brown,
Mary Theresa Counthan. Edna Martha Craig,
Gertrude Olivia Dowdall, Marie Emllie d'Er
lach Kthel Louise Ferree. Llna Hanson, Helene
I xiii lse HoflnghonV Anna M. Holjes. Caroline
Kliza Horlop. Elmer A.. Inprlrn, Marguret Kee
nan. Anna Knox, Aubrey Lelb. Ida Loewy,
Mary E. Mayberry, Helen Cecilia McCarthy.
Margaret Hegina McGee, j Duncan ! Ev
elyn Scott Moote, Bessie Cammlllus Needham.
Kthel Elizabeth Nelson, Richard O'Connor.
Edna L,. Pracy. Viola. Van Orden, Maude Belle
Wentworth. Jessie Mabel Wlsecarver, Jerome
B. White. Aber Stowo Wlester.
After the exercises tho class and invited
puests assembled on the lawn facing Do
lores street, where the ceremony of plant
ing the 1900 graduating class tree was re
peated, tho first tree having been torn up.
Splendid Programme Much
Enjoyed by Those
Present.
flowers, was provided. In the middle of
the screen was an opening through which
Ed Goldman poked his head to imperson
ate the class. Edward Abenheim made a
humorous presentation speech and
Dorothy Schroder an equally humorous
acceptation address. This picture was
something new and it took well. Miss
Ethel Tarbett sang and Superintendent
Webster presented the diplomas.
The exercises closed with the singing of
"Stars and Stripes" by the chorus.
After the formal exercises the visitors
viewed an exhibition of the work of the
pupils, consisting of freehand drawing,
designing, illustration, wood carving, clay
modeling and iron working. This was
conducted by the Misses Van Vleck. Ma
rion Michener and Rosa Murdock. A tall
clock case carved by Miss Grace Unger,
a pottle carved by Miss Hyde and a ma
hogany chest carved by Miss Edwards at
tracted much atlention. The rooms wore
decorated with flags, flowers and dra
peries.
SACRED HEART
EXERCISES DREW
LARGE CROWD
Diplomas Given to Over a
Dozen Ambitious Deaf
and Dumb Pupils.
BERKELEY, June 12.— The commence
ment exercises of tho State Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind were
hpld this afternoon in the assembly hall.
There was a very large attendance to wit
ness the wonderful performance of the
children. The recitations, songs and mu
sical selections of the talented young peo
ple called forth much applause.
Besides the recitations and songs ex
amples of the children's handicraft, em
bracing slatework and illustrations of the
sign language, were performed. The pro
gramme was brought to a close with a
military drill by the deaf boys. The pro
gramme was as follows:
"Lord's Prayer," orally recited by Henry
Frank, deaf from birth: chorus, "Swing
Song" (Abt), primary class of blind children;
exercises at slate by Juvenile class of deaf
pupils, Viola Case, Irene de Large, demons
Lopez, John Sherman and Myrtle Hogan; organ
solo, "Festival Prelude," Volckmar, Miss
Klizabctli Whaley; reading by touch nnd writ
ins by typewriters; song, "The CJarden of
Sleep" (De Lara). Miss Helen Mesow; slate
exercises, by senior deaf pupils; piano 30I0,
"In the Hamlet" (Godard), Charles tracers:
song. ."Daisy Polka" fArditl). Miss Gussie
Mast; organ sclo, "Cantllene" (Salome), Eben
Gay; illustrations of sign language— animals,
birds, emotions, alphabets, pantomime and
poem; "Lead, Kindly Light." Miss Irene
Lynch: songs, (a) "Happy Birds," (b) "Slum
ber Song," Miss Lena Krickson; military drMI,
by deaf boys; chorus, "Summer Fancies"
(Metra); benediction.
The following named pupils were pre
sented with liplomas by Principal War
ring Wilkinson: William Frledrich
Draeger, Fredericka Rosa Flack, John
Warner Fisher, Edward Hoffman, Isaac
Lipsett, Irene Loretta Lynch. Mabel
Irene Itelchert. Franklin Austin Stiles and
Elizabeth Gertrude Whaley.
Those leaving on an honorable dismissal
are: Ethel Dobner, Estelle Jackson, Les
ter Preslpy and Edward Veary.
The diplomas received by the graduates
are somewhat odd. reading as follows:
"The directors and officers of the Cali
fornia Institution for the Deaf, Dumb
and the Blind by this writing testify that
has completed a course of study
in this institution and is entitled to all the
honor attaching to a hitherto blameless
life dnd attention to duty."
Graduation of St. diaries.
The sisters of the Holy .Cross St.
Charles School held commencement ex
ercises yesterday afternoon in Verein Ein
tracht Hall. Twelfth street, near Folsom.
Therrs were two academic graduates in
the class of 1930, Miss A. G. Morton and
Miss E. M. Pierce. The programme of
exercises was as follows:
Choral greeting: salutatory. Miss E. Pierce;
"Galop Brllliante." Miss J. Donnelly. M. Gar
barino, M. O'Hara and M. Sullivan; "The
Stars and Stripes." little boys; "Troubles of
the Little Folks," little girls; "The Merry
Sailors." boys; "The Patriots." juniors; polo
naise (Chopin), first piano Miss Edith Keck,
second piano Misses A. Morton and E. Grazer;
"The Japanese Fan," little girls; literary
selection,, seniors; military drill. Borromean
Guards; allegro classlque (for two pianos).
Misses Keck, E. Grazer. A. Morton and G.
Maclnnes; "Twilight Bells." St. Cecilians;
valedictory. Miss A. Morton; "Cujus Anlmam,"
St. Charles Mandolin Club.
The pastor, Kcv. James McDonald, con
ferred gold medals and diplomas on the
following: Misses Agnes G. Morton and
Elizabeth M. Pierce of the academic
course; Edward J. Thornton, Thomas F.
Leahy and Hugh McCann of the gram
mar course. aucessful candidates for
promotion will receive their certificates
this morning.
St. Joseph's Commencement.
The annual commencement exercises of
St. Joseph's School were held last even
ing in St. Joseph's Hall. There were four
graduates— Clarence E. Klernan, Leo G.
Sullfvan. Richard I- Pfaendler and
Thomas F. Butler. The exercises opened
with an orchestral number, after which
the school choir sang a greeting sor.g.
"Little Blacksmiths." The remainder of
the programme was as follows:
Monologue, "Youn* Scholar's Lament," An
eelm Keegan; eolo, "No Mother to Love Me. Jo
seph Kelly: monologue, "The Boyless Town, Jo
effph Therlen; selection, orchestra: "Judge Not,
That Ye Be Not Judgert." Timothy Lydnn.
Thomas Lally, Charles O'Connor, James Mc-
Grady, Charles Smith, Joseph Deasy; sonp.
"List to the Convent Bells." J. Broderlck. T.
StahlberB. E. Richards. C. Uyan. J. O'Neill, J.
Smith: distribution ot diplomas, premiums and
medals by Itev. I'. Scanlon; song, "Stars and
Stripes," school choir; "There's Loss in De
lnys," J. Donovan, Victor Duffy, Mat Kerwin,
John Burns, H. Harrington, George Laaster;
wand drill: song. "Beautiful Moonlight," F.
Dolan. L. Wilson, J. Welch. J. Henry, R.
Nagle; selection, orchestra; "The Miser." Dan
Murphy, C. Kiernan. L. Sullivan. R. Pfaendler.
T. Butler. J. Vaughan. G. Hoban, J. Warren,
S. Roche; "Good Night," school choir; selec
tion, orchestra.
COMMENCEMENT
EXERCISES OF
BLIND ASYLUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
WORK OF A TORNADO.
Lives Are Lost.
Does Much Damage to Farms, but No
ELK CREEK. Neb.. June 12.— A tornado
did much damage In the farming country
west of here this afternoon. It formed,
seemingly, on the Trudy farm and the
funnel-shaped cloud missed the village
by but eighty rods. The greatest dam
age was at the W. J. Blystone farm,
where the house was wrecked and barns
and outbuildings blown away. The fam
ily took refuge in the cellar and escaped.
Damage was also done on the farms of
K. H. Bdone. E. C. Thompson and J. W.
Parker but the extent is unknown. Some
of the best fruit orchards have been torn
to pieces. There is no known loss of life.
Says They Are the Greatest Existing
Menace to the Govern
ment.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— Henry F. De
vens of New York, assistant Secretary of
the Metal Trades Association, was before
the Industrial Commission to-day. Ho
gave the employers' version of the Chi
cago settlement with the International
Machinists' Association. He spoke with
confidence on the benefits to be de
rived from the arbitration clause in
the agreement, saying that he believed
It wo»ild prove an efficient method of
settling all difficulties In the future. Ha
also expressed the opinion that a board of
arbitrators composed of men in the work
would bo more acceptable than a State
board.
N. F. Thompson, secretary of the South
ern Industrial Convention of Huntsville,
Ala., made a somewhat sensational attack
upon labor unions. "Labor organizations
are to-day," said Thompson, "the greatest
menace to this Government that exists In
side or outside the pale of our national
doraainvTheir influence for disruption and
disorganization of society is far more dan
gerous to the perpetuation of our Govern
ment in its purity and power than would
be the hostile array on our borders of tha
armies of the entire world combined."
THOMPSON ATTACKS
LABOR ORGANIZATIONS
TEMPORARY INJUNCTION
AGAINST PRESS ASSOCIATION
New York Corporation Prevented
From , Using the Name It
Selected.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Judge Gibbons Is
sued to-day a temporary injunction on
the complaint of the Inter Ocean Publish
ing Company restraining "The Associated
Press of New York" from doing business
under the name of "The Associated
Press."
The bill of complaint sets forth the vari
ous acts which led up to the decision of
tho Supreme Court compelling the Asso
ciated Press ot Illinois to furnish its news
to the Inter Ocean Publishing Company,
refers to the entering of the decree May
17, lt*00. in accordance with the mandate
of the court, and gives in detail the\ re
cent meeting ot the Associated Press,
when several of the old officers resigned
and new officers were elected.
According to the allegations of the bill
the change in officers was for the pur
pose o£ allowing the organization of a new
association which would gradually take
on the business of the association against
which the judicial ruling had been made.
The Inter Ocean Publishing Company as a
shareholder In the Associated Press of
Illinois objects to the organization of the
new Associated Press on the ground that
its onlv object is to succeed to the busi
ness of the Associated Press of Illinois.
The suit is against the Associated Press
(Incorporated under the laws of the btate
of New York). Melville E. Stone general
manager; Stephen O'Meara, Adolph pchs,
St Clair McKelway. William L. McLean.
Frank B. Noyes and A. H. Below, direc
tors of the new organization. The tem
porary injunction restrains the defendants
from doing business under the name of
"The Associated Press" and from Interfer
ing with or fronrattempting In any manner
to Injure or destroy the business of the
Associated Press of Illinois and from in
terfering with the business thereof, or en
deavoring to cause any party, firm or cor
poration to annul- or cancel or break its
contract with the Associated Press of Il
linois and from sending any circular to
tha members of the Associated Press of
Illinois, or In any other manner soliciting
or asking them to Join and become mem
bers of the Associated Press, incorporated
under the laws of the State of New York.
. A prayer asking that the temporary re
straining order be made perpetual Is ap
pended to the bill.
Attached to the- complaint are the by-
laws of the new organization and copies
of letters purporting to have been sent out ,
by the officers of the new association out
lining the plan and purpose of the Asso
ciated Press of New York.
DIRECTION'S: Write with Ink on white paper and on only one 'side of each
sheet. The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at
the top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than
one course should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mail the
sheets without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage
is fully prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good, (3) fair.
NOTE— Only eight questions of the
twenty are to be answered In all, and not
more than two questions In each part.
Only such answers are expected as can be
framed from a study of the lessons.
1. The literature of Egypt— -
(a) Give a brief account of the religion
of the ancient Egyptians. State
three reasons why the religious lit
erature of ancient Egypt has an in
terest for the modern world. What
was "The Book of the Dead"?
(b) Explain the words "hieroglyphic,"
"hieratic" and "demotic" as used
in connection with the history of
Egyptian writing and literature.
2. The literature of Assyria—
(a) Write a brief note explaining how
our knowledge of ancient Assyrian
writing and literature has been ob
tained.
(b) What part has been taken in the
work of discovering and decipher-
Ing ancient Assyrian literature and
writing by American enterprise and
scholarship?
3. The literature of Ancient India—
(a) Give reasons explaining why San
skrit literature is of special inter
est to modern Europeans and
Americans.
(b) Write shcrt explanatory notes up
on (1) the "Rig-Veda." (2) the
"Bhagavad-Gita" of Hindu lltera
4. The literature of the ancient He
brews — ,-- , .
(a) Give a summary of Dr. Hale s ac
count of (1) the poetry of the Bible
in general. (2) the Psalms of David.
(b) What is meant by the term "par
allelism" as used with reference to
Hebrew poetry?
(c) What is meant by the term co
dex"?
(d) Give a brief account of the oldest
known manuscript of the Hebrew
Bible. ", ,
5. The literature of Persia—
(a) Write a brief note upon the fol
lowing proper names used in the
history of Persian literature: (1)
Zoroaster, (2) Avesta. (3) Ormuzd.
(4) Ahriman. (5) Flrdusl (6) Saadl.
(7) Omar Khayyam. (8) Hafiz (9)
FltzGerald, (10) Shah Namen, (11)
Rubalyat.
Part n.
6. Homer and the Greek Epics—
(a) Give as full an account as you can
of (1> Homer. (2) "The Iliad" and
(3) "The Odyssey," and write brief
notes on at least five Homeric
heroes and heroines.
7. Greek Prose Literature — , . .
(a) Describe the two chief forms In
which Greek literature manifested
itself during the Attic period.
(b) Write brief notes on (1) Herodotus,
2 Thucydldes. (3) Xenophon
(c) Write fuller accounts of (1) Flato,
(2) Socrates.
8. The Greek Drama—
(a) Give a brief account of an ancient
Greek theater and of the character
of the plays that were represented
(b) Give' as full accounts as you can of
the three great ancient Greek trag
edy writers: also of the greatest
ancient Greek comedy writer.
9. The Golden Age of Latin Literature—
(a) Write brief accounts of (1) Cicero,
(2) Caesar. (3) Virgil. (4) Horace.
(5) Livy. (6) Tacitus; also of their
literary works.
Part m.
10. Dante—
(a> Give a brief personal account ot
Dante.
(b) Give a brief summary of Dr. Ben
> .,., ton's exposition of the relation of
Dante to modern literature.
(c) Write a brief descriptive account
of Dante's "Divine Comedy."
11. Dante and Homer and Milton —
(a) Write brief notes upon (1) "the per
sonal note" observable in tho
"Iliad" and "Odyssey." the "Divine
Comedy" and "Paradise Lost." re
spectively; CS> upon the religious
conceptions of Hnmer, Dante and
Milton, respectively.
12. The Golden Ages of Spanish Litera
ture —
(a) Write brief notes on (1) the great
est authors in Spanish literature,
(2) their greatest works.
13. The Age of Louis XIV—
(a) Give in your own word3 your esti
mate of Moliere as a factor in
French literature and also a3 a fac
tor In the literature of the world.
Give the names of what you think
are his three greatest play3.
(b) Write brief notes on Corneille and
Racine.
14. The Golden Ago of German Litera
ture—
(a) Mention Goethe's chief contempo
raries, dividing them into appropri
ate groups. Indicate as well as you
can the relative importance of the
members of each group.
(b) Mention in chronological order
Goethe's chief works, affixing to
each a short descriptive note.
(c) Mention (as far as you can In the
order of their relative Importance)
the chief works of Schiller and at
tach to each wprk mentioned a
short descriptive note.
13. The Golden Age of French Fiction—
(a) Write in your own words after Pro
fessor Canfield's study of Hugo and
his contemporaries descriptive and
critical accounts of Victor Hugo,
Dumaa, George Sand and Balzac.
Part IV.
15. The Elizabethan Age—
(a) Write a biographical and critical
account of the Elizabethan age of
English literature, omitting Shake
speare.
17. The Age of Queen Anne—
(a) Write brief accounts of Steele, Ad
dison and Swift as authors and of
their relationship to the "Tatler"
and the "Spectator."
(b) Give In your own words character
izations of "Mr. Spectator" and
"Sir Roger de Coverley."
18. The Golden Age of English Poetry—
(a) Make a list of the principal poems
written in English from 1770 to 1S30,
assigning to each Its author and
writing for each a short descriptive
and critical note.
19. The Golden Age of English Fiction
la) Write a biographical account of
Charles Dickens— not to exceed 250
words.
(b) Write descriptive notes on five of
Dickens' best books and on five of
his most noted characters.
20. The Age of Tennyson and Browning—
(a) Compare and contrast the art of
Tennyson and Browning as poets.
(b) Show in what respects the poetry
of Tennyson and the poetry of
Browning are similar.
(c) Write brief notes upon at least
three of Tennyson's and Brown
ing's poetic contemporaries.
7
Graduates prom Spools and CollegeS
Telephone Stock for Sale.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 50.000 SHARES OF $100 EACH.
Is the owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In the
United States.
Has 3500 contracts for use of its telephones.
Has assured net Income of over SI 00,000 a year.
CIVES city FREE telephones aQd switching In all city offices: FREE Fire
and Police Department wires.
CIVES c| ty telephone users $2,000,000—20.000 shares of Its stocK for using Its
phones.
Charges lower rates than Bell Corrjpany.
Will pay 10 per cent dividends on Its stocK >? supported by telephone users.
GUARANTEES that no assessment will evar bi levied on Its stocK.
Will Keep rollllons of dollars in California that now go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for sale, for construction purposss. at $25 00 a share,
payable In n>ontb>y Installments of $5.03. Last day for subscription JuQ«
20. 1900 gjg
Full Information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
2O6 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
Always Use i-'latt's " Chlorides
for household disinfection. You will like It*
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN ES2.
A LAUGHING TRIUMPH.
Genuine Success of the New York Farce
Comedy Furor.
TheGirl From Chili.
Next Week— The Rural Dramatic Idyl,
"A HOMESPUN HEART."
PRICES 10c. 15o. 2»e t BO Cents
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All
Matinees 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ANOTHER LAST
CROWDED NIGHT
HOUSE WITNESSED
Th« Revival of the Comic Opera,
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Presented by a Great Company. Including
EDWIN STEVENS, ANNA LICHTER and
FERRIS HARTMAN.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2,
POPtTLAR PRICES— 23 AND 60 CENTS.
Telephone — Bush 9.
rjqpiip'R>q concert house.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF. in Last Act of
'ERNANI.'
Isabelle Underwood and D'Estelle Sisters.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
pIppP WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Trues" Dr. Pierce gave to
the public the moet remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of
Hernia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers
have been peTn an * ntlv relieved and radically
CURED by this great appliance and thousands
of others are now on the road to complete re-
cirverT. This Truss is different from all others.
It does the work!
You can pet our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ing at the office, or It will be sent on receipt
of a 2-cent gtamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
020 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in Ran Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, place* of amuse-
ment and with tbe further advantage of
having street cars to all points ot Interest
pass tbe entrance.
American plan. European clan.
GRAND HOTEL
fl| CmCHCSJTCR'S EriaUSH
». ,«^."~V Original and Only tJcauloe.
£-S\ V^MftSA *" CJIICHKSTKK'S ENGLISH
fcT ! >*^"«t4.*V4 la UED and Void mei&Ule bcW »i!il
T^ — » Vfi »Ha bios ribben. Take >• other. K«-fu<e
TO &* «V| I>Ktecrou» hnbftitBUoBB aud Iralto.
1 / W tl»n». Bu j ef joor Draulst. »r nnd 4c. in
I «» ' gj rtmrnpt tar Particular*. Testimonials
\ "C* fp • ad "Keller for I.»dir«."m l-ti&r, by r««-
__X .* If turn Mall. 10,00«Tnt!mo&Ul>. Soldo*
v — *-/ sll riroggl.t.. ChlehesterCneailealCa-
HenUoa this p»r«. M »£!»•¦ Nn.»re. PUII^U vS.
rfcjJ&J$&&' INJECTION. |
Fai permanent cure i
J i of the most obetinate cases of Gonorrha* «•
S and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 <;
i J days ; so other treatment required. J >
a | Bold by all drngrgist*. , t
iA/. T. HESS,
KCTART F0BLI3 AN3 ATT0BNEY-AT-L4.W.
Tenth Floor. -Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
AHTJSEMENTS.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:16.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Prese ntin g
. .- •
TONIGHT- ; »
White Whittlesey as Jean Gaussin
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
SEATS SIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
MATINEE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY, June It
Parquet Sic, any peat; Balcony 10c; Children
V:r, &r.y part.
THE liCST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
AMERICA.
Headed by Puch Well-known Stars as
VAN AND NQBRI6A COMPANY,
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART & CO.,
— And Including —
THE MARVELOUS MERRILLS; SYDNEY
DEANE: FLEURETTH AND GARDINER;
MR. AND MRS. JIMMIE BARRY; BIO-
OI1API1.
:.TAHVELOUS. MYSTERIOUS. MAGNIFICENT.
Every Night, iscladiag Ccsdiy. H&tiaee Saturday.
KELLAR
THE
GREAT
MACICIAN.
Presenting a rrosnunmf of
NOVEL FEATURES.
An rrUTiainment nevrr before *-<jualed In this
or sny oth«*r country.
Fpreial vrict-r - - - 25c. S."<\ SOe. 75c and J1.00.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
— Including —
MATTHEWS AND BULGER, Mary Marble.
Walter Jones, Maude Courtney and
thirty others, Jn lioyt's
"A" Tin Soldier"
Up to date, with th* lw»pt ppfcialties ever seen
.in Han Krancteco. ,
.Next Sunflav Nlgfrt— Mammoth production of
Iloyt-a roXster^ece; "A MILK-WHITE FLAG."
with John Dunne a« Napoleon and M.-iry Marble
Mm the Orphan, their orisrinaJ creations.
OLYMPIA c E o D R °^f &„
THE OVLY FP.ra VAUDHVILLE SHOW IK
THE CITS'.
THE DOCKMANS.
Comedy EXetch Artist? and America's Cbara-
pfen Bag Punchers.
SI STEBBINS,
Sloaoloplit end V.'orld-Famous Conjurer.
IfA!?RY HOLMES
And »!« Famous Do* DANDY.
MARCIE CALAVERAS,
The Renowned Vocalist.
And Oar Celebrated Etocii Company.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES ANDZ00. E »£3S'
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE.
J-LKCTRIC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT.
TO-MORROW XIgTFt^THK AMATEURS
AND A LADIES' BRICK-LATINO CONTEST.
Telephone for Sea te— rark 23.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. OPEN NIGHTS.
<r»n*!i daily from 7 ». rn. to Jl p. m.
Hathinx from 7 a, m- to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10 <ent«. CHILDREN 5 "nt*.
Eatlung, fncludins admission. lie. Cn!U»Ka we.
THE CALL'S
«
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director.
SUMMER COURSES,
...1900...
Beginning Friday, dune 29.
I. American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries of the
World.
IV. Historic Studies In Home Fur-
nishing.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
turies.
VI. Literary Talks and Remlnls-
FA IN LESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES d?]^|
Our removable brldeq work Is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
fS&^^^^&ifKm palr3 ' css extracting
\iffi&z£4l&&*&*&£J$ used by no other
x'-V^l t£ Typc^^^ dentist oo tbe Pa-
PRICE LIST for SO Days:
Painleeg Extraction 25c
Removable Bridgewcrk S3.OO
Crowns »2.OO to SR.OO
Pure Gold Fillings $1.<XI
Amalgam '50o
Gold and Platlna 91.00
Silver Filling 50c
Mrs. Dr. It. L. Walsh will attend to tha
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. Ft. L. U/ALSH,
815% GEARY ST., between Hyde and Larkln.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 12. Telephone Polk 1135.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. . KING. WARD A
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms, COc to $1 60 day;
$5 to |S week; JS to S20 month. Freo baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates in every
room: elevator runs all night
ni Pr nni/H I Corner Fourth and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA1IIAN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican- remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDQINO PUMPS
t/nf\fU Wtrt successful at Nome last
KKUUll y'* r - A » ethers failed. In opera-
, tlon dally. » Stevenson St., 8. P.'
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS,
f l/'I/rnW Gold dredging pumps. th» "only
JALHoUll successful pump manufactured.
tfrtVn Vt C25 Sixth st. Ban Francisco.
_ PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD '¦•. CO.." Washington
and let sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex., , 8. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
BBEEBaSSBEB&SEBBBEHBBBBBBBaHBBBUmHHaaBaB
| feB—if S
i =
? El
H B
a b
I LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS, regular price |
n $5.00 and $6.oo, marked down to $f\ Tfl es
I dZiDU 1
a LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, richly appliqued, |
B regular value for $5.00, marked down to., tfirt r f| B
n O&iuU a
I LADIES' NAVY BLUE EMBROIDERED DUCK |
n SKIRTS, regular value for $1.25, marked "7C« a
I down to N . lJui
I LADIES' LIGHT GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, Tailor- |
B made, neatly stitclied, regular value for ti* r ft fi B
?. $10.00, marked down to &OlUU H
I LADIES' TAN AND GRAY JACKETS, Tailor-made, |
? regular value for $10.00, will be sold at 0"7 Cfl B
5 —- - O/.OU 1
s 1
I J 146 Market Street. g
EEEEBPBBBBEBBBBEBBgEaBBnBBBBgBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBH¦'- Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — J4 K^
Sterling Kxchange, sight ........ — 4 W»i
Sterling Cables — .4 83
New York Exchange, sight ...... — - • • 10
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S>4 43 '
f Vhcat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Contine flrm at 40s.
with tonnage scarce. The chartered wheat fleet
in uort bs a registered tonnag" ' of 26,000.'
against 24,567 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 39S7 tons, against 23,400; on the
way to this port, 23R.S00 tons, against 203,500.
- WHEAT — Liverpool and ¦ Paris futures were
higher, but the - Liverpool . spot market was
quiet ' and easy. " i
.Chicago opened irregular aod unsettled, with
Both local stocks and bonds and oil stocks
continued listless and nominal on the morning
sessions of the exchanges, with no variations
worthy of remark. The same conditions pre
vailed in the afternoon.
The semi-annual interest on the Los Angeles
and Pacific Railway 5 per cent bonds is now
payable. :
,. T^ e> Kilauea Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of Jo cents per share, payable on
the 15th. 1
The California Street Railway Company will
pay a dividend of CO cents per share to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 12-2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. J • Bld.Ask.
is quar coup. .UcUlt.">'i Mutual El Co. SVi 11
,js do reg. llTClM)! •> G L & H.... 4€^ 47S
'.» do cp ncw..l3l%135 Pan L Co 43 44V
Is do coup... .103 10*J>i Pac Gas Imp.. 45*1 —
Miscellaneous— R F G &-K 47 1 4 47H
£ a }; st Cab 5s --» !> — Can Francisco. 4«* —
C C Water ;s.lCS>i — Btkn O & E Co 10 —
Kd L & P Gs..l2.S^ — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 1H — Flrem's Fund.22SVi —
Geary-st R 5s. — 90 Bank Stocks—
II C & S 5><s8. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
, IH>as — 106 Hank of Cal..— —
L A Ry 6« 10494 — Cal S D tt T.105 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First Nationl. — 290
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A.. ..122ft —
LA cntd 3S...10O — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R 5S.102U — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s...l2S — Savings Banks-
Do l«t 11 5S.113U — Ger S & L....1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L... — —
N It cf Cai 6a.ll3^117 Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
Do 5s — US !« F Sav U i<T5 —
N P C R R Gs.101 — |Sav & L So.... 74 73
Do Ea — 103 Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&H5s.Ul — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..llS>4120 California 1224 —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — |Oear>'-!«t M — .
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107H Market-st Ry. 62% —
Om C Ry 6S..12S _ o S L & II... — 43
P & Cl Ry 6s.lCi'/i — iPresldlo 15 —
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Continued on Page Eleven.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Markets
LONDON. June 12.— Consols, 101 9-16; silver.
27*id: French rentes. lOlf SOc. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 29s Cd; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss Cd; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. June 12.— Wheat firm: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2d«SSs 2Vad; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, flrm: weather In England.
M'urm and dry.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-16d.
CLOSING
WHEAT— Spot, Hrm; No. 1 Northern spring,
firm, 6s; No. 1 California. Cs 2d@6s 3d. Futures,
steady; July, 5s ll%d; September, 6s Hd; De
cembor, nominal.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
steady. Ss 10>id. Futures, quiet; July. 3s lHid;
September. 3s ll%d. "
FLOUIt— St. Louts fancy winter, steady,
7s Sd.
Steamer Movements,
CHICAGO, June 12. — Wheat opened easy on
pressure from lines, July V4c ¦ lower to un
changed at 72^<g73Vic. The Northwest was
still without rain and very unfavorable crop
reports from that section! of the spring wheat
country continue to pour In. July In the first
movements advanced to 73%c and a little later,
after a slight check, pushed on to 74&c. A
huge business was transacted; the pit was
crowded and speculators excited and nervous.
At that hlfih-tiUe of its strength an opposing
factor presented itself In tho weather bureau
prediction of rain In the Dukotas and Minne
sota. This influence was reinforced later by
advice? from the Northwest that rain was al
ready falling. Some towns said the roln was
h'-ao* and persistent. These considerations
gradually forced July back to 73®73^4c. Near
the clcs<» the market rallied to 73^ic on cover-
Ing by bhorts and the closo was firm, July >4c
higher at 73V4c
Corn was quiet but flrm. The market ad
vanced early In sympathy with the wheat
bulge nnd yielded very Btubbornly when, tho
big market reacted. July closed firm, %@V*i:
over yesterday at 3S%@39c.
In oats there was a quiet but steady market.
The only incident of the trade was the Kood
outside demand for present delivery. July
closed MiC improved at 22%c.
Provisions wt're quiet and rather dull. Prices
at the yards were lower and receipts were
large. July pork clcsed 27 3 ,4c under yesterday
at *11 47»*: July lard, r,@17Vic down, at $6 C7V6,
and July ribs 15c lower at> tC 67VfffB 70.
The leading futures rang-cd as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring "wheat. C7®71c; No. 2 red. 75
(Jf76c; No. 2 corn. SS 7 /4©33%c;.No. 2 yellow, 39®
S&^c: No. 2 oats, 22W322>ic; Np. 2 white. 2Cc;
No. 3 white, 25A2Cc; No. 2 rj'* 1 . C7c; good feed
ing barley, S7037V4c; fair to choice malting. 40
fH2c; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 80; No. 1 Northwestern,
tl SO: prime timothy seed, $2 35: mess pork, per
barrel, $10 35 £11 SO; lard, per 100 pounds, jo 55
EASTERN MARKETS.
United States coast ana uenaetic survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and law waters occur at
the -city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heicht of tide is the same at both, places.
NOTK— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the l«nt
hand column find the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column elves the.s?cond tide of
the day the third time column the third ti<lo
and the last or right hand column Kives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height:*
given are In addition to the sounding on tae
United StateB Coast Survey charts, «cept
when a minus slsn (-) precedes th* *e'f*l.
and then the number elven is subtracted rrom
the derah Riven by th» ohtarta. The plane or
n>fi>rani-» i* the mean of the lower l.vw waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrofrraphic Office. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaL.
June 12. 1900/
The time ball was not dropped to-day—acci
dental fault in the mechanism.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. H. S. X.. in chance.
testimony to the soundness and confidence In
the financial situation in this country.
Bonds were duli and lower. Total sales, par
value. SI. (XX). GOO.
United States new 4s declined % in the bid
price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
f*. Id. Stocks— bid.
5.210 Atchison 25%
11. SCO Atchison prefd 71Vj |
6,000 Baltimore & Ohio 77S.
Canadian Pacific S2% I
Cu-nada Southern 51 i
*Z0 Chesapeake 6c Ohio 26 a i j
a.4.'n) Chicago Great \\>fitern ll^s '
7,309 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 127% |
WO Chic Ind & Louis 20" s
100 Chic Ind <s Louis prefd 51
JyO Chic & Kast Illinois S7
120 Chicago & Northwestern 1GI
3, ISO Chic itock Island & Pacific -05 s i
400 C C C & St Louis C7" s
H'-O Colorado Southern 6U
1.150 Colorado Southern 1st prefJ 44
l'TO Colorado .Southern 2d prefd IS
2oO Delaware" & Hudson lli'.-i
100 I>1 Lack H Western 17*
Denver & Rio Grande 17'i
2<-0 I.>enver «i Kio Grande prefd WV»
100 Krle UVi
200 Krle 1st jirefd 35V»
Grt^at Northern prefd 134
Hocking Coal 14
640 Hocking Valley 36
4"0 Illinois Central lll*i
100 Iowa Central ll'. s
Iowa Central prefd 44
Kan City Pitts «i Gulf. .2 l(i 5 i
Lake Erie A: Western CS', 2
Lake Erie & Western prefd 94
Lake Shore 212
3,'.C5 Louisville & Nashville 77?g
l,?30 Manhattan L 89%
l,V4fi Metropolitan St Ry 153?i i
150 Mexican Central 12'* !
900 Minn <fc St Louis 57*i
Minn & St Louis prefd 92 j
9,::3 MiF?.>uri Pacific 62^i
Mobile & Ohio SS i
1,300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10--j J
2.V) Missouri Kansas A: Texas prefd 32 |
ICO New Jersey Ct-ntral 12H*
f.23 New York Central I-SV2
l.CiO Norfolk & Western ?3\i
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
24,y;'i Northern Pacltic 57
1.078 Northorn l'aciflc prefd 73^ |
1.0D0 <">ntario & \Vestern 2j-!» I
Orecon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry tc Nav prefd 76
4.3C0 Pennsylvania 123H
Reading 17
2.S0O I£t-adin« 1st prefd SSU
«0O Reading 2d prefd 29
Rio Grande Western 58
Rio Grande Western prefd S7%
100 Pt Louis in San Fran fl ? * j
St Ixiulf & San Fran l£t prefd 6S
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33H
£-j0 Kt Louis Southwestern OVi
i25 St Ixiuis Southwestern prefd Zi*,*
13,275 St Paul 114 1 ,-
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 112
2.630 Southern Pacific 33
1.675 Southern Railway ll'-i
2,050 Southern Railway prefd 12%
100 Texas &. Paciilc 15b j
Ll'>ti Third avenue 1
4,i:<3 Union Pacific .' 53^4 I
bCO V'nion I'aciflc prefd 73Vi
Wabaeh 7H
€50 Wabash prefd 10S
110 Wheeling & Lake Erie S}»
ltO WheellrB A: Lake Erie 2d prefd 24
Wisconsin Central 14Ti
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American :^ a 153
Unitr.l States .'. 45
\\>;is, Ksireo & Co.'ss IDS
lUMtUanconi —
10O American Cotton Oil .*. 33',i
American Cotton Oil Drefd £0
200 Arrnrlcan Malting 3
200 American Malting prefd 20
3.1S0 Chic Itock Islaiiu & Pacific. 105^
2.S4O Ar.i' rican Fmj^ltlnp and Refining SaH
3P0 Am SmeltinK *i. Itetlnlng prefd *9Vi
American Bplrita 2V*
American Bplrita prefd 17
S» A:.:crican Steel Hooy 20Vi
Anerican Steel Hoop 7u
4,760 Ainpricon Steel and Wire 34
725 American Steel and Wire z>refd .... ~i';-i
120 American Tin Plate I1J4
Amrr'.cjn Tin Plate prefd 73
1.540 American TobR-co Ul
Aacricaa T«>b:ieco prefd 129
£70 Anacomia Mining Co 40H
1.725 Brooklyn Rapid Transit t>s"w
1.3:.O Colorado Fu.:! and Iron s:%
LliV) Continental Tobacco :!3 1 3
4^-J Continental Tobacco prefd b>)
12.12.', Federal Steel 31?i
S70 Federal Steel prefd (S3
300 General Llrctrlc 133
Gluecse Hugar
Glucose Sugar prefd S7
400 International Paper 22-«i
250 Intr.rna.tional Paper pr,efd ........... Jrfi*,*.
l^Klede Gas 72
National Biscuit 2.^'-;
National Biscuit vrctA V-V^
Nutlonal Lead jip,j
National Load prefJ ft;i.
*ZM National Steel 27»,
l'-0 National Steel profd s,7
100 New York Airbrake 126
4M) North American '. U~i
C10 Paclfio Coast r>>ii
Parillc Coast 3-*t prefd S3
1&) Pr.citlc <"oast 2<1 prcfU ftui
000 Paciflf Hail '. ;-C" t
S,5W People's Gas w^
420 Pressed Steel f'ar 45
COO Prt»F«t-d Steel Car prefd JS't
110 Pullman Palace Cor ISO*
P C «.• .V St Louis SG',i
2,100 Republic Iron and Steel 11
Republic Iron and Steel pitifd lay.
ZW Standard Hc:>e and Twine f-i
1C.270 h'unar U.'i% I
Fuitar pr»fd jjn'
....... Third avenue 103'4
7.CSS Tennessee Coal and Iron C7
1,775 T;nitc*d States Leather 8"4
2i>0 United States leather prefd Cs
180 United Ktatca Rubber "40.
United States Ilubbor rirefd -.z'
C60 Wtttern Union SO
CLOSING BONDS.
U S re'undinc 2ds, ,11 IC & T !3s 67*4
rc-gr. when isKUed.103 | Do 4s pjii
Do coupon 103!4iN Y C lsts lll'i
C S 2s reg 100 ,\ T J C cen 5s 121*-i
I>o 3s rec l'tj» .v Pac Cs GG'k
l>o 2« coupon 103 m l^cc 4s n.iiC j
I3o new <s reg....l34-% N T C & St L 4«.'.10C
Do new 4s coup. 1341* !N & W con 4s y;«
Do old 4s rc^ lHVi Or Nav lsts lr.t
Do old 4a couD..ll"<lii Do 4s 102%
Uo Cs res 113 |Or Short Line 63..12S
Do l< coup 113 Do con Ss 113H
Di?t of Col 3.CDS...123 iReading gen 4s.... &!«
Atchison gen 4s...lu<)%Jt G \\ lsts M"-s
L»o adj 4s S4 Pt.L & I M con 5s.no«i
CarTsda So 2ds I'ffiUgt L & S F gen C«.125
Cl-es ft Ohic 4»i3.. H^*Et Paul cons l'OV.
Do Cs J17 St P C & P lsta...lT0 '
Chi & N con 7s....l41»ij Do Es }»(i%
Do S F Oob 5s...ll7',i S Pacific 4s SO
ChicaKO term 4r... 05 S Railway Es ..lH'i
Colorado So 4s S«G iStand R & T Cs.. 7l'
D & U G lsts 10^ (Tex & Pac Ists..!lll2«
Do 4s 91'v;) Do 2ds ES
ETViG lsts. .. 103% U Pacific 4s.. 10SU
Krie ren is "USi'.Vabiwh lsta. 1 ...;...ll4U
F W & D C lsts... 71 1 Do 2ds 102U
Gen Electric r.s....l!7'/ii\Yest Shore 4s 114
Iowa Cent lsts 113 Iwia Central lsta... S0%
K C P & G lsts... 71H Va centuries 925;
L & N uni <?...... lWi
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS Ontario 7 CO
Crown Point MJOphlr k
Con Cal & Va. 1 SS;J'lymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 fo
Gould & Curry 10! Quicksilver preM ..7 £0
Halo & Norcross... t'O Sierra Nevada : 24
Homcstake ZS 00 Standard 3 t>5
Iron Silver &) Union Con ..: 17
Uexican 20 Velio w Jacket 12
NEW YORK, June 12.— FLOUR-Receipts,
CS.OOO; exports, f.400: quieter and unsettled, al
though nominally firm at old prices. Minne
sota pati-nts, J3 FCHiii 13.
WHEAT— Receipts, 238,625; exports, 323.600;
spot firm. No. 2 red, S4*ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, S0%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S0» s c f. o. b. afloat prompt; Xo. 1 hard Duluth.
66%c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options opened
easy in consequence of foreign selling and the
crop report, but met a bis demand from local
Bhortfl who sold yesterday. Besides this there
was active liuying for Ions account on drought
news and prices advanced excitedly for a time
only to ease later through renewed realizing
caused by late showers in the Northwest:
closed steady at net advance. July; "!i%Q
7S 7 ic. closed 77T4c; September, 7S373 15-ltic.
closed 7JM"C.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE-The market for coffee futures closed
steady, 1083S points net higher; total sales. 28.
20O bass. Including: July, $7 45; August, $7 40
@7 45; September. *7 405J7 50; October, |7 40;
November, $7 45; December, $7 55@7 60; March,
SI 6Sf|7 SO; May, J7 feO. Ppot Rio, firm. Mild,
.steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 12.154 packages; firmer;
creamery extras, 13H"+19c; factory, 14@10%ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 14.7SS packages; steady;
Western, loss off. 13%@Hc; Western, at mark,
10S13HC
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June 12.— The market for
evaporated apples ruled rather quiet, but about
steady at unchanged prices. California dried
fruits continued dull nnd nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H'ff5c; prime. C9i@6c; choice, •fi?i@7c; fancy,
7%{iSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7c.
APRICOTS-Royal. 12M:@14c; Moorpark, 15®
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled. lCS20c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
Nkv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 12.— Trading was very
slow In the market for metals and prices un
changed. Changes were conspicuous by their
absence. Tin was nominally quoted at $23 75,
with the tone dull. Lead and spelter also ruled
dull and unchanged at $3 S5y"3 90 and $4 32Mr®
4 37% respectively. I>ake copper, though easy
in tone, ehowed no quotable change, closing
at JW 50. PlB Iron warrants were unsettled
and nominally quoted at $18. The brokers'
price for lead was J3 70 and for copper $16 50.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Juno 12.— Special telegraphic
communications to Bradstreet's show the fol
lowing changes In available supplies, com
pared with the last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 306,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe (Liverpool Corn Trade
News), decrease. 1.2CO.C0O bushels; total sup
plies, decrease. L306.OO0 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 393,000 bushels, "n.
Oats, United State* and Canada, east of the
j Rockies, decrease. 22.CC0 bushels.
The apgresate Ftook of wheat held nt Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle decreased
122,000 buthels last week.
Charters.
The Alic* Cocke !r-»as lumber at port Gam
ble for Honolulu; John D. Tallant. lumber at
Moodyville for Guayaquil. 7f*; Balchitha, lum
ber on the Pound for Sydney, tis 04.
The Francesca Clompa was rechartered for
wLc-tt to Kuroj>e. 38a Ed— prior to arrival.
An Additional Manifest.
An additional n-anlfest has been reported tor I
t!:e f.ea.iuer Umatilla, which tailed Sunday for
Victoria, consisting of the following: €3 f"ks
jvtatoes, !"2 pkgs fruit, C4 cs onions, TO bxs
oranges. 1M j'kss vegetables. 23 bxs lemons,
2 bxs Jia!>L:tt metal; vaJue. 11-64 Z~.
Exports of Specie.
T^xr^rts of specie from this port during the j
f.rjrt f.ve months of the year amount to I7.CS3.
017, against $ll,3Q;.0*6 last year, the leading
Item being as follows: Gold bullion, $1C'.S;
Bliver bullion. tl.euS.SS7: Mexican dollars. T2,-
S36.C14; ellver coin. «r.>3,320: K0 Id coin, f3.117.516;
currency and bends. ?:00.2."2. The leading
destinations were: China, Jt.l^.CCC; Honolulu,
£21.700; New York, J3.137.746.
Government Receipts and Expenses
For th? first eleven "months of the fiscal year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
1R9S-99. U?9-00.
Oustorr.s J1K.W.904 !214.4SS.7?S
Internal revenue 247.r»3r>.631 2«i7.r.54.«*j;o
Uiscellaneous 33.4S3.2S5 S5,&09,CS7
Totals $45?.0*9,S30 $517,533,113
The difbursements fcr the sane Interval com
pare as Jollows:
1R0S-99. 1S39-00.
Ci\1l I112.1SLG51 rsfi.SS2.001
War 22l.023.6ii7 12ti.423.lSl
Navy 89412.1S0 tl.OW.lO')
Indians 32.1SS.176 S.106.:i8
JVnflntn 12S.0S.02 l?0.7S3.S39
Interest JS.998.43J 39.S73.lli)
Tota!a S373.7«,073 tt34.21S.l99
Ji'caihcr Report.
<12rth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. June 12. 5 p. m.
The fnliowinc maximum temperatures x»-ere
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka SG'Pan Diego C6
Fresno Si. Sacramento S2
Ijo«= Anpries 70 San Luis Obispo 72
lied UluST SO Mount Tamaipais €7
Independence «:!
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
Z~; minimum, 60; rr-^an. H.
WEATHER CONPITIONS AND GENERAL
FOKECAST.
The prcFsur* has fallen rapidly over the coun
try west of the IV-cky Mountains. Over Utah
then* lias l>een a fall of t-ao-tenths of an inch
In the put turnty-four h >urs.
The t*-rnt»eratiire has risen over the northern
hair of the P.-iciSc- «lr>!>e. In the great \-alleys i
of <."alifomia the temperatures are about nor- I
rial: lions the coast of California the tem
)<raturt*s are from 4 Cftrrci»s to 6 decrees be
low the normal. Over Orvgon and Washing
ton warm w<ather prevails. A thunderstorm
it> rrported at Winnemucra. Cond:tion« are un- !
favcrahie for settled fair weather over tne j
greater portion of the P^riSc fiop«. ,
Forecast made at i&n Frandsoa for thirty
bo-.ir* f-ndini; midnlplit. June 13. liOO.
.\w!:«ti California — Cloudy Wednesday, i
profaKbly light thowerj; frtsh southwest wind.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
v.-«-atl.er Wednesday, po 1 -"^^'')' llltnt showers on ]
thp const; fresh so-jthwest winds.
Kevasla— ClouOy. uris^ttled weather
<laj-. «l;h (faow-n In iiorthi-rn i'jrtion.
l.'iali— GouAy WednesUiy; probaWy light
¦bower*.
Ariz r.a--Clrjvi<!y V."p<lr.es<!ny.
:-an Fraadsea a-d vicinity — Cloudy ar.d on
r-ettl»»d weather Wednesday, probably light
tliov.ers; Trcsh soKlhwost -<\ir.<2.
ALEX.VXDEIt CL McADIE.
Forecast onicial.
MONTREAL, June 12.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for California
Fruit sold at auction to-day: Apricots— Royals,
email crates $1®1 25. average $1 07. Plums—Cly
mans,' small crates $2 09. Peaches— Alexander,
boxes $1 30<i?l 55. average $141; crates, average
$1 3S. One carload was sold. J^_"
PITTSBURG June 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California Fruit at auction to-day
were as follows: Cherries— Bigarreau. 80c@*l.
average 9Cc; Tartarians. 70c(ff$l 15, average 93c;
Royal Anne. $1@1 20. average $1 11; Centennials,
$1 10: Governor Woods, $1. '"
CHICAGO. June 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California Fruit
at auction to-day: Cherries— Royal Anne, boxes.
75c@tl 45, average $1 24; Bigarreau, 60c® {1 05,
average 71c; Tartarians, 30c«$l 06, average .2c.
Five carloads were sold; weather favorable.
PHILADELPHIA. June 12.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California Fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Apricots— Royals, 65c@
$1 10, average SOc. Peaches— Alexander, 45c<3!
$1 10, average 97c. Plums— Clymane. small
crates, $1 25®1 45. average $1 34. Cherries—Cen
tennials, boxes $1 C5@l 10, average 11 OS: Royal
Anne, Slffil SO, average $1 26; Blgrarreau, 40c@
$1 55. average 87c; Tartarians, 23eif$l 30, average
56c. Four carloads were sold; weather favor
able.
BOSTON. June 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California Fruit
sold at auction to-day: Peaches— Alexander,
boxes $1 0&@l 35, average $1 23: small crates 75c<9>
$1 35, average 97c. Plums — Clymans, small
crates $1 50£?l 90, average $1 60. Apricots — Roy
als, small crates GScigJl 25, average 72c. Cher
ries—Black Republicans, boxes $1; Royal Anne,
23c(g$l 15, average CSc; Bigarreau, 15!g-70c, aver
age 55c; Black Tartarian?, 20iS95c. average 50c.
Five carloads were sold; weather favorable.
Porter Bros.' Company sales of California
fruit:
NEW YORK, June 12.— Prunes— Tragedy,
$1 95@3 23 single crate. Plums— Burbank. $3 2b
63 40; Red June. $1 33<S3 05; Japan. $2 30; Cly
man. S0c(S$l SO; Yosabe. $1 lagfl 25: Abundance,
Jl 13. Apricots — Eureka, $1 40 single crate;
Royal, 55cff$l 15. Peaches— Alexander, 30c@$l 3'J
box and 55® 85c single crate; Governor Garland,
70$?73c box. Cnerrles— Royal Anne, 30c(?$l SO
box; Napoleon, $1 10; Prosperity. $1 10; Tar
tarian, 20CHU 30; other varieties. 2Oc<S'$l.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Prunes— Tragedy, $2 30.
Plums— Yosabe, $1 .10^2 30; Abundance, $1 30®
2 23: Burbank. $1 20@2 23; mixed, $1 45^1 65;
Clyman. $1 30@l 60. Peaches—Alexander. 95c®
$1 35 box and £0e(7f$l 13 single crate. Apricots —
Blenheim, $1 05 single crate; Royal, 55c@$l 05.
Cherries— Royal Anne, S0c«$l 50; Tartarian, 25c
#$1 10; Republican, SOcft'll 03; other varieties,
25cS$l. Five cars sold to-day.
Earl Fn'.it Company's sales:
NEW YORK. June 12.— Apricots— Blenheim.
C5i595c single crate; Royal, 35®35c. Plums—Cly
man, 73cfi$l 75 single crate. Peaches—Alexan
der, ' 65c?!$l 25. Cherries— Blgarreau, 35^S5c;
Royal Anne. rOctfjIl 50; Tartarian, 20c(g$l 20.
Fourteen cars sold.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Apricots— Royal, SOciJJ
$1 23 single crate. Peaches— Alexander, $1(5T1 25.
Plums— Clyman, $1 4S single crate. Cherries-
Royal Anne. 43S73c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June 12— CATTLE— Receipts, 3,7)0;
market generally steady. Including butchers*
stock and Texans. Best on sale to-day, thre«
carloads, at fa 60. Natives — Good to prime
steers. $5 25©5 85; poor to medium, $1 65@5 15 j se
lected feeders, 14 35@5; mlxod Mockers, $3 50@4 10;
cows. $3(?4 fi3: heifers, $3 2O@5 25; canners. $2 40®
3; bulls. $3«?4 50; calves. $3@7. Texans — Re
ceipts. 700. Best on sale to-day, three carloads
at $4 95. Texas fed steers, $4 'Onto 35: Texas
grass 6teerp, $4 S3@5 30; Texas bulls, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow (es
timated). 33.000; left over. 6000; market 5@10c
lower; top. $5 2a. Mixed and butchers', $r.ffr> 25:
good to choice heavy. *5 15lEf3 25: rough heavy.
$505 05; light, ?5@5 22%; bulk of sales, $5 12H@
SHEEP— Receipts, OCOO; market stronger for
best sheep and lambs, others slow to weak.
Good to choice wethers. J4 7.14/3 25: fair to choice
mixerl. $3 S5*H 90; Western sheep. $1 S0JJ5 15;
yearlings, $3 40<fi5 75; native lambs, $5<S6 SO;
Western lambs, $6f 6 80; Colorado lambs, 16 75®
7 35; spring lambs. $637 50.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON*, June 12.— The condition of the wool
market remains unchanged, the demand being
only stock for immediate use. It Is difficult
to give a reliable quotation, for each sale made
depends on how badly the buyer desires the
wool. Dealers are inclined to hold thPlr stock
and watt for an improved market. Territory
wools are selling at about S25J53e for fine medi
um and fine scoured. Fleece wools are slow
with no quotable price on which to base the
mnrket. Quotations:
Territory, scoured basis— Montana and Da
kota, fine medium and fine, lS@19c; scoured.
. r >3CT55c: staple, C6(ff37c; medium and fine, 1S@
19cJ; Utah-Wyoming fine medium and fine, 17
(g'ISc; scoured, 52ig53c; staple, 56c; Idaho, fine
medium and fine. 17@18c; scoured, 52@53c;
staple. ESe.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb
ing, superfine nominal. 82@S7c; good, S0@S2c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 12.— Although a lively
trade transpired in the July and August op
tlons the cotton market as a whole did not
exhibit special animation to-day. Disappoint
ment in the Liverpool cables led to a decline
of 1 to 6 points on the opening and soon after
there was a further slight fall under bearish
weather advices from pretty much the entire
belt. The market closed quiet and steady,
with prices unchanged to 4 points lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 12.— Clearings, $344,777:
balances. $33,323.
OREGON',
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. June 12.— A few sales of wheat
were reported to-day at about 54c for Walla
Walla and heavy stock might have commanded
from %c to lc more. Valley Is nominally 53®34c.
The turret steamship Elm Branch sailed to
day for Taku with a cargo of 2,794,000 feet of
lumber.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 12.— Wheat firm, but quota
tions unchanged. Blucstem, £6c; club, 64c, both
for exrort.
P & O R R es.m — 1 Powder Stocrf.*—
Powell-st R 6.s.:20 — 'Californta ISO 170
Pnc L & OR."»s. — — UJlant Con Co.. S7 87%
P F & SJV S*.lt9fiC04IVIj?ortt 2 vs —
S Ry of Cal 63.UIV4 — Sugar Stocks —
S P cf A 63... HI — :Hana S P Ca 7% 8
Do (ISCo) 110 110'iiHaw C & S Co — 91
Do (l<H)fi) ....mviin iHonokaa 8 Co. 33% 33%
I»o (1912> m i22u|Huteh S P Co. 25^* —
S P Br 63 13i> — IKI!auea S Co. 2"'4 21
3 V Water 6a..ll5 — jMakawell S Co 47i* 47»i
I>o 4s _ i03^iOnomf»i* s Co.. 27% 23
Do 3d mt5...101'4l01S Paauhau S Co. 31j* —
Etocktn Gas 63 9a — } Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pf»ck Assn.ll7»» —
Contra Costa.. 72 72t;|Cal Fruit A^n. 9S' 3 S9Vi
Marin County. SO — ;ji cr Ex Assn.. — 1C0
Bpr-lng Valley. 93 35'^ Oceanic S Co.. — 94
Oaa* Electric— IPac A F A.... 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — jp a c C Bor Co.148 143
Cent LAP 3'4 — !Par Pain Co.. 10 —
Equit G L Co. {£ 3 \
Mornlns Session.
Board —
200 Contra Costa Water, b 30 72 23
50 Contra Costa Water ¦ 90 72 CO
20 Hana Plantation Co... 7 87H
15 Hutchinsf.n S P Co 25 75
$4000 L-is Angeles Ry 5s bonds '.....105 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s bonds <3d mart).. ..101 50
Street—
l«l Market-street Railway 63 CO
50 Oakland Gas. b 2 47 00
$2000 Oakland Transit Co, S per cent 119 O
SO Paauhau S P Co 31 is
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Contra Costa Water 73 no
20 Hana Plantation Co 7 $7«
205 Honokaa S Co 33 37^
30 Hutchinson S P Co 25 13
70 Paauhau S P Co 3X25
10 Pacific Gas Imp 4fl 00
25 Pacific Coast Borax U7 50
Street—
$4000 N P C R R 5s bonds 103 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
ilornlns Session.
Board —
K> Home Oil 4 CT
1C0 Home Oil 4 «3
25 Kern River 15 13
23 Kern River IT 00
Afternoon Session.
Street—
50 Kern River 17 JO
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board-yester
day:
Morning Session.
£00 Hale & Norc... 231 £00 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher tt'< ;<M Justice 0 1 ?
l"0 Caledonia 1 05 2'W Silver Hill 3T>
6', Con Cal & Va..l 5<> ZOO Bitter Hill 3<
900 Crown Point... OS 200 Union Con 21
The following were the sales in the Pacl2c
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns? Session.
50 Caledonia 1 CSI100O. Overman 17
200 Crown Point... 09| SW Savage IT
500 Gould & Curry 12 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
400 Mexican 20 ( 900 Sierra Nevada. 2S
300 Ophlr TOl 6M) Sierra Nevada. -J
Afternoon Session.
!ffl Bpst & Belcher 2<5j 300 Ophlr 72
30O Crown Point... OS! 500 P.ivage i7
f..7> Gould & Curry 12 f 2<X) Silver Hill 5 •
2.V) Gould & Curry 13 !W Silver Hill M
3C0 Mexican 20 ! 2C0 Silver Hill 21
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June \Z— * p. m.
# ,BM. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 f>5 Jurt!c» 07 0f>
Alta C3 MiKentuck Cl (3
Andes <n; 07iLacly Wash ... «S fl
Relcher » 20 ! Mexican 20 II
Best & Belcher 23 26 Occidental II l'«
Bullion 01 03;Ophir 71 73
Caledonia 1 C-l lft.O\-*rmaix — 18 17
Chollar 13 r Potosl '. IS ?>
Challenge Con.. 13 15 Savafre 16 17
Confidence 61 6.1 ' Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 5i> Set: Belcher.... 01 C.I
Con Imperial .. — or Sierra Nevada. 2S ~<>
Con New Tork. — 04 Silver Hill 3r> C:
Eureka Con ... — &OSt Louis — 12
Crown Point... 07 03|Ptanrtard 4 25 4 f •
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — C*
Gould & Curry 12 13,rnion Con 21 B
Hale & Norc... 23 27|Utah 12 11
lulla 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 It
LIVERPOOL. o ¦
Wheat- July- Se P£
Opening « | "*
Closing 6 11>4 »H
¦^-heat— J une - Sept.-Dec.
o£nf£ 20 93 22 40
Closing 20 SO 2. o0
Flour — „<, ,.
Opting =3 05 29 3,
Closing ' •» - J ou
Hides and Tallozv demoralized at a further decline.
Silver and financial quotations as before.
Wheat opened firmer, but fell back.
Wheat freights firm, with ships scarce.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Fair Government orders for Oats on the market.
Moderate inquiry for Beans on local and shipping account.
Hay and Fccdstuifs unchanged.
Contracts for nczv Hops at ioc.
Wed dull, with a decline in several descriptions.
Hogs continue very scarce and firm.
Potatoes ar.d Onions easy. : :; ;
Baiter, Cheese and Eggs firm.
Poultry market in better shape.
Prunes Grin and cleaning up.
Honey in light receipt and steady.
Fresh Fruits bringing good prices.
Precisions still being cut by the local trade.
Light business in local stocks cud bonds.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Bonds-
Call loans 2 @3'West End 93
lime leans 2'i@4 Wisconpln Cent 14«£
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100U
Atch T & Et Fe... 25% N E Gas & C 5s.. 63
Do prefd 71% Mininz Shares-
American Sugar.. ..115% Adventure 3',4
Do prefd H3Vi Allouoz MI-i Co 1
Tell Telephone 30t Amalg Copper S6',4
Boston & Albany.. 240 Atlantic 22
Boston Elevated. ..137 Boston & Mont. ...209
Boston & Maine. ..192 I'Butte & Boston.... 64
Chi B & Q 127%ICalumet & Hecla..725
Dominion Coal 33 ICentennial 16
Do prefd 117 Franklin 12Vi
Federal Steel SlVHumboldt fio
Po prefd CSUlOsceoia • 59
Fitch'ourg prefd. ..133 " jParrot 39%
Gen Electric 133!4iQulncy 132>4
Mexican Cent 12 tfc't Fe Copper 4Vi
N E Gas & Coke.. 16 \ Tamarack ISO
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 24\4
Old Dominion 16 Wlnona 2H
Rubber 24V4 Wolverines 3S
Union Pacific 53%
Nkv York Money Market.
NEW YORK.. June 12.— Closing: Money on
call, easy at lii@2 per cent; last loan. 2 per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 3V4@4Vi per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87®4 S7V4 for demand and
at $4 M^^4 S5 for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S5^C4 sS\i; commercial bills, $4 84@4 S4V4. Sil
ver certificates, C0@61c;.bar silver. COc. Mexican
•dollars. 47V£c. Government bonds, easy; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— To-day'e statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance, $146,213,S39; gold, $71,837,819.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram say3:
The markets here were slack to-day, but
slightly harder on the news of the successes
of General Duller. Americans fluctuated with
in narrow limits on varying rumors about the
Northern Paciiic dividend. The close was
rather weak on New York offers, except for
Atchisons. The Continent did nothing. Berlin
was occupied with Its crisis in Industrials.
The contango was 3M®4 P^r cent. Baltimore
and Ohio, Wabash preferred, St. Paul and
Central Pacifies were scarcer than at the last
settlement. Tlntos were affected by the strike
and other copper shares were sympathetically
off. The Bank of England received £80.000 In
EcM from Egypt and sold £25.000 in French
coin besides losing £26,000 to South America.
A half-mtlilon which was expected from Rus
sia did not materialize.
CLOSIXG
Atchlpon. 24T^; Grand Trunk, 7; Canadian
Pacific, 95; Union Pacific preferred, 75: North
ern Pacific preferred, 75^ 4 ; Anaconda, SVi; Rand
mines, 40 5 £ > .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
@6 70; ehort ribs sides (loose), $6 E5@€ 90; ary
salted shoulders (boxed), 6Va@6»4c: shorty clear
sides (boxed), $7 20@7 30; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 23. Sugars— Cut loaf. 6.3Sc; granu
lated. 5.S2c; confectioners' A.5.78c; off A. B.63c.
Clover, contract grade, $7 75@8.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market- was steady; creamery. 14#17%c; dairy.
12V4@15^c. Cheese. 8M:@9Vic. Eggs, heavy;
fresh, lO'.ic
less selling pressure than expected. Light rains
were reported from Bismarck and other scat
tering Dakota points. There were showers in
Minnesota. These sprinkles eased oft the mar
ket somewhat, but the excitement was subse
quently renewed on rush orders from the North
west to buy. The most optimistic predicted
only half a crop in the Northwest .and the
cplnion was that even a general rain would
only make the difference between half. a\crop
and none at all. , \
The local market opened firm on call, but fell
back under decreased trading.
g7^|^'heat — Shipping, 95@96i,ic: milling,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 16,-
CCO ctls. $1 04*,; 16,000. $1 04%; 50. COO. $1 04»£.
S^PdSesston— December— 2CC0 ctls. $1 01;
4010, 51 C3v*.
Sl^^Vooo \ Iorn i ner Session— December— 8000 ctls.
Afternoon Session— December— SCCO ctls, $1 03*s.
BARLEl— Weak quotations rule, with a dull
m ?; rk^ t - ,. ThPre «s nothing doing on call.
Feed. 6. H® 70c for Xo. 1 and 62H«65c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75<@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales
Second Session— No sales. ' *
Regular Morning Session— No sales
Afternoon Session— Xo sales.
OATS — Additional Government ordei-s are on
the market and they keep things going, though
sales are not heavy and quotations do not
rise.
- W « U^, $1 , 10J?130: Re<1 - $1@1 20; Gray, $1 07»&
<§1 15: Black. $1@1 07',4 per ctl.
CORN— Offcrinss meet with little attention.
1 rices stand the same. Eastern large Yellow.
5ii j pe i", ctl; Eastern White, $1®1 03 per ctl;
Sllxea, $1 10.
RYE— Dull and easy at 87>Ac for new and 02V'»c
for old.
B UCK WHE AT-Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6O®3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 <0®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25ig3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
F. Iou . r< A 2 5 s per 10 ° lbs : R *e F '°ur. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 DO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $2 25®3 B0; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. « 25;
Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), JG@7 25; In sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl
HS r !t y> J5; SpUt Peas » **! Qreen Pe as. K 50 per
1C0 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Feedstuffs are steady and unchanged. Hay
continues dull and weak, with no demand for
new.
BRAX-J12 5O@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLIXGS-$17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $15@16 per
J?? inS'-'cake Meal at the mill, $2&327; 'jobbing-,
?27 E0@28; Cocoanut Cake. $20^21; Corn Meal,
$25- Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
"AY— Wheat, $7@0 for common to good $9 50
010 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 5009 50- Oat
$6@$: Barley, $3@7: Alfalfa, $3@7 50 per ton. '
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4@8; Wheat. $6@7:
Clover. $4 50@«; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley, $4@5 per
ton.
STRAW— 25@37&c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report more or less doing In Beans,
both on local and shipping account, at steady
prices. Seeds are dull and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 S3@3; small White. $3 25<f?
3 40; large White. $2 75ig3; Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red, $2 5O#3; Blackeye. $3 50t?3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 3O@3 40; Pea. $3 40@3 DO; Red
Kidneys. $4®4 £0.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 90^2 20; Canary. 3^c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2Vi!53c; Hemp, 4@4Vic;
Timothy, 45?4V*c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90®2 25: Green. $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pctatoes and Onions stand about as before.
Vegetables are steady In the main.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 83c?$l; New
Potatoes. 50c(fi$l In sacks and 50cf?$l In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 5(MJ65c; Silverskins. 90cff
$1 per ctl; Australian. $3Sf3 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 83c!ff$l CO per
sack for Vacaville and l'H^Oc per dozen for
bay; Rhubarb. 40<fr75c per box; Asparagus. 75c
@$1 per box for Xo. 2 and $1 25^J1 JO for Xo. 1
and $1 75(g2 25 for fancy larpe; Green Peas.
73c@?l 25 per pack; String Beans, 2<f?5c; Cab
bage, 40i950c; Tomatoes. 75e<g$l 23; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles. 5«?6c: Dried Okra. 32%c per
lb: Green Peppers from Los Angeles. 8'(210e:
Dried Peppers. SQlOc; Carrots. 25i§3."e per eack:
Summer Squash, 40@50c per box for Vacaville
and 73c@$l 25 for Alameda;. Cucumbers, $1 25<§)
1 50 for Alameda and 50Q75c per box for Marys
vllle; new Garlic, 3@4c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is in better shape, supplies being
lighter, and several descriptions show a slight
advance. I .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, JO@llc for Gob
blers and 12® 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
%\<Hl 50: Goslings. $1@1 50; Ducks. J»@3 for
old and $4^5 for young: Hens. $4@5; young
Roosters, $5-jjS; Old Roosters. S3 50^4; Fryers.
$1!S1 50; Broilers. $3*83 50 for large and $2®
2 23 for small; Pigeons, $12.vfii;o per dozen
for old and $1 25(51 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues very firm for fine creamery,
but the medium and lower grades are dragging.
The same remark applies to Hctcs. Stocks of
both are moderate. Cheese rules firm. As
already mentioned, local dealers are advising
their country correspondents to cease packing
In tubs, hence lower prices for Butter are ex
pected before Ions:.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamerj't 19@20c: seconds,
is«ns%c
Dairy — Fancy. 18c; good to choice, 16>£@17%c;
common. 14® 15c.
CHEESE-New, S69c; Young: America, 9®
9V4c; Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15<@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13H@15c for store and 17©
20o per dozen for ranch; Eastern, LVjij 10e.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches and Apricots are steady, with mod
erate stocks. Apples and Pears are dull and
weak and Plums co'ntlnue demoralized under '
excessive arrivals. Receipts of Flga are rap-
Idly Increasing, while those of Grapes are slen
der. Cherries are doins better.
Berries are easy as a rule and there is no
scarcity in any description.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—30® 65C per box for Royals; In
basket?. 30@40c.
APPLES— Green Apples, 25@50c per box and
15®23c per basket and 40075c for Red Astra
chanp, larpe boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, In small boxes, 10@25c per
box; in baskets. 10023c.
PLUMS— lOQCOc per box and crate; Cherry
Plums. 10<S20c for drawers and 2O@40c for
boxes.
STRAWBERRIES-J3@4 per chest for large
and $3®7 for small berries. : /.;
GOOSEBERRIES— lH«f3$c per lb for com-
m HASPBEnRIES-$3®6 perchest.
BLACKBERRIES- $3©4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4 l0($<i per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 £0®4 per chest.
FIGS— Per box, 75cS?l for single and $1 230
1 75 for double layers.
PEACHES— 25@75c per box and CO^GOc per
basket.
' CHERRIES— 30JJS0c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 50360c. In bulk, 3@4tfc for black and
Ec for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50-JT2 50
per box; Seedlings. ?1©1 75; Valenclas. 52^3 50:
Lemons, $101 50 for common and $£@2 30 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4(fJ3; Ba
nanas, $1 W33 per bunch; Pineapples, J3 50@r
per dozen. '. /
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Honry Is steady, with light receipts, particu
larly comb.
Prunes are firm at full figures, with a steady
decrease in the small supply on hand. Other
Fruits are featureless. There is no talk of new
Peaches as yet.
DRIED FRUITS— Old crop— Prunes. In sacks,
4@4i4c for 40-30' s. 3*493^0 for 50-60' s. 3'4Ci3V4c for
60-70's. SlJiS'-ic for TO-SO's. 2T3f»3c fur Si>-9o's and
2%ff2-')ic fur SO-100's. Peachs. 1 ?, 4MCHKC for Stand
ards, Dc for choice and D>^Gc for funcy; Peeled
Peaches. 10ftl2>;4c; Evaporated Apples, 5^i{i6c;
sun-dried. 3«4c per lb; Pears. SVitH'ic for dark
and 7<ffSc for bright halves; Black Figs. l%@ic:
White Figs, 2®3c: Bleached Plums. 7V»c; Un
bleached Plums, 6c for pitted and l^Ac for un
pitted. - -
NEW CROP— AprlcctB, 7V4@Sc per lb here and
7c in the country. ¦
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, psr
lb, 10c: choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, S'/ic; choice. 7Hc; standard, 6^c;
prime, 60; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb. boxes. 5c; 2-crown. loose Muecatels. 5^c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $150 per 'box; 3-crown, $1 GO. Fancy
Clusters, ?2; Dehesa, 52 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f . o. b. at common shipping points
In California. ¦ \ — • ¦,<, • ; •
NUTS — Walnuts. 8®9c for Standards and 9JJ
lOo for softshells; Almonds, HV4@12cT.or paper
shell, S'JflOc for soft and 4JJ5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. t>%G-t%c for Eastern and 5c for Califor
nia; Brazil Nuts. 7V4©Sc; Filberts, 12312'/.c;
Pecans. ll©13c; Coccanuts, $4 50®5.
. HONEY— Comb. 12%S?13c for. bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, .7%@
7Hc: light, amber extracted, 6%© 7c; dark, Cj
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24({j26c >>er lb.
Provisions.
. The situation stands about the same. Hams,
Bacon and Lard are being cut right and left to
get trade, but barreled goods are. steady.
i CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10@10Vic per lb for
heavy, 10U@10V>c for light medium, lt^e for
Mght, 12'^c for extra light and Uhic for »usar
curcd. Eastern sugrar-cured Hams, 12® uc.
Mesa Eecf. »12 per bbl; extra Mess. J13: Family.
$14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear, $13:
Me3s. $16 50; Smoked Eeef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 84c for pure; half-barrels. , pure,
h%c: 10-Ib tins. 9^c; 5-lb tins. 9-H.c.
COTTOLEXE— Tierces. 8?s@SSc per lb: half
barrels. S*i@8*ic; 10-Ib -tins, 9Uc.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue demoralized, and a further de
cline in dry and salted stock Is noted. Horse
Hides are also off. Tallow has broken badly.
Stocks of Hides are accumulating
Wool Is extremely dull and several descrip
tions nre lowor.
New Hops are bein™ contracted at 10c. The
crop Is reported pood all over the United States
ami the feeling is easy in consequence.
HIDES AXD SKINS— Culls and bra.vls rell
about lc under quotations.- Heavy Salted
Steers, :0c: medium, Pc: light, S^jc; Cowhides,
SM.@9c; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip. S^c: Calf. 9'ic;
Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands, lie;
Dry Kip and Veal. 15c; Dry Calf. 17c: Sheep
skins, Shearlings, 20<W!0c each; short Wool. 3i<J?
COc each; medium, 70fj00c: long Wool. Slfil'JO
each; Horse Hides. $1 7^Q2 for large and 75c©
$1 25 for small; Colts. V>fi'<0c. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red s!:ine, 37»-'SJCc; fall or medium
skins. 32".r5i3.'»c: winter" or thin skins. 20c. Goat
sliins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
COc; medium, 35c.
* TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; Xo. 2.
C!-iC; refln^d. 6c: rrease. 2^<fi2c.
WOOL— Spring clip 13 quotable as follows:
Northern free, lactic: Northern defective. 13
®l£c: Middle County, free, lo^illc: Middle
County, defective, 13(iJ15c; Southern Mountain,
, 12 months', 12©13c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months". lltfi'13c: Southern Mnuntain. defec
tive, 7 months'. 10^?12c: Humboldt and Mendo-
Cino, 17!§;l9c; Xe^-ada, U«Tl7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at C&llc per lb; new. 10c.
San Francisco Meat Market. . .
! The flrmnees in Hogs continues, and sales at
{ 6%c are reported for something strictly fine.
The other meats stand about as before.
BEEF— 5H®6«^c per lb for fair to chclce.
VEAL— Large, Sfc;9c; small, 9@0fec per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6V«3;7c; ewes, 6G6V»c per
pound.
LAME— Spring, SV£39c; yearlings, 7*£@Sc per
pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for Bmall. 5%®5T»c for
medium and oV-Sii^c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5Vic; dressed Hogs. 7®?c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Dags, 6%c; Wool Bags. 2SH#32Mic;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton, SS; Southfleld Wellington, JS: Seattle, 58;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland. $12 In bulk
and J13 23 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Ess. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per
ton In bulk and $1S in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 pounds.
A circular for Australia says: "Since the
departure of the steamer Alameda the follow
ing vessels have delivered Newcastle coal here,
viz: Clan Buchanan. 3162 tons; Elmhurst, 2520
tons; Balclutha, 26G0 tons; Windsor Park. 200}
tons: total. 10,342 tons. All of the above
named vessels have arrived since June 3. They
ha\'e come to hand most opportunely, as there
was no Australian coal In Jobbers' hands.
There are reported forty-four vessels on the
chartered list to carry colonial coal, with a
capacity of 116,000 tons — thirty-four of these
have not yet reached their loading; port*.
There are ten colonial vessels due here within
sixty days, with about 33.00) tons. There Is
no apparent change In prices, although the
demand Is brisk, and the absolute control of
the market is placed in about four firms'
hands, yet they appear disinclined to assert
their sway, which is stngularly exceptional In
these times of syndicates and trusts. Last
quoted freight rate is IS shillings per ton
from Newcastle early loading, and one shilling
less for later; this makes the delivery cost
i here all the article will stand; as British Co
' lumbla products can be had for less cost, this
¦ precludes any further advance In Australian
rates. Outward grain freights from here are
firm, with a strengthening tendency, making
this a seductive port for shipowners to seek,
as the present coal freight inward, added to
the grain freights outward, show a handsome
bonus for ship's account."
COFFEE— Gosta Rica— H-SId'Ac for prime
washed; i:*«13Vic for good washed: 13/gl4Vic for
Rood to prime washed peaberry; ll l -j'£(12Hc for
good to prime peaberry: XliBBc for good to
prime; SfcflOljC for good current mixed with
black beans; 9®10\c for fair; G^ifSUc nominal
> for common to ordinary.
Salvador — lC-Ti^'lSc for good to prime washed:
S^4@!0Vic for fair washed; 12^13'sc for good to
prime washed peaberry; S^ilOVic for good to
prime semi-washed; STi'ffl^^c for superior un
washed: 9Hc for good green unwashed: lOVi^llc
for good to superior unwashed peaberry ; 6@7?ic
nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— lWiilSc for prime to fancy
washed: OS 12c for fair to strictly good washed;
S^SSVjc nominal for good to superior un
washed; lO'Q'liHac nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — l+'SKHc for prime
tc fancy washed: Il%'g;i3^c for strictly good
washed; lljjll*ic for Rood washed: $!t}V>%c for
fair washed: S@S7ic for medium; &S7?ic for In
ferior to ordinary; 13'«14Vic for good. to prime
washed peaberry; .lOSllc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; SVitJlOVic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Weak and dull. Quotations nom
inal. Sole, heavy, SS'QSOc per lb; Sole Leather,
medium. 26(i;27c: Sole leather, light. 2*i?27e;
Hough Leather, heavy. 27tj:Sc; Rough Leather,
light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy, 321133c;
Harness Leather, medium, 3Of?32e; Harness
Leather, licht. 2:Wi3Oc: Collar Leather, lo-SlSc
per foot: Kip, finished. 4'>g50c per lb; Veal,
finished, Z(mz:>c: Calf, finished, 73c@Jl 20: aides,
finished. 1C$i17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14^
10c : Rough Splits. S^lOc per lb. |
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 27: Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
77c: raw. 7jc: cases. 5c more: Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases. 73c; China
Nut. 6Sc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels. COc; cases. 6oc: Sperm, pure, 60c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37 1 if?42'-c per gallon
PETROL KITM. GASOLINE AND BENZINE
— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12Hc; Pearl
Oil, In cases, lS'.ic; AFtral Oil. In cases, ISHc;
Star Oil. in cases, lSUc: Extra Star Oil, In
cases, 22',£e: Elaine Oil. In cases. 23^c: Eocene.
2<Hic: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in cases. 21c; Ben
zine, In bulk. 14Vic; Benzine, in cases. 2CV4c;
SG-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; SB-degree Gaso
line, in cases, 27c.
TURPENT1XE— Quoted at 73c per gallon in
cases.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TH**
7T»c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according: to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-SM331 per flask for local
use and $45K46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sucar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in lfxj-lb bass: Cube«, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.70c; Powdtred.
5.30c; Candy Granulated. 5.3Cc; Dry Granulated.
r>.2flc; Confectioners' A. 3.20c; Magnolia A, 4.S0c;
Extra C. 4.70c; Golden C. 4.fi0c; barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels. 2oc more: boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels. 5.95c; boxes. 6.20c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes. JUKi IT; extra sixes. hisher*
Redwood. $17®1S for No. 1 and $V,<tV. for Xo 2-
Lath, 4 feet. 13 50>f?4; Pickets. $1S; Shingles.
$1 73 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and |12 for sawn; Rustic, $21^ 27.
Receipts of Produce:
FOR TUESDAY, June 12.
Flour, Qr sks — 16.0T.O Wool, bales «
Wheat, ctls ' l.OOff Eggs, doz 22 CO
Barley, ctls 7.270 Sugar, bbls '250
vgye, ctls 2.3PO Sugar, sks 2 230
Cheese, ctls 67 Quicksilver, flsks 2S
Buttet^ctls C67 Leather, rolls ... irv:,
TalloWSxtls 217 Wine, gals 11 700
Potatoes, sks 2.1!ttiHay. tons 4->r>
Onions, sksTv,... 237 '• Pelts, bndls . * s£s
Bran, sks >. 125 Hides, No 727
Middlings, sks ..340
? OREGON*.
Oats, ctls 2S01
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
JCEW YOniC. June 1!.— The srr.all eaotlseent
of praCnatooaJ room-tra-lers whose operations
Bade uj< to-<*.ay*s Mock market found diraculty
In ccuFlr.s any movement of prices. The pr<*
vrillng dullness was a characteristic of all
the sure-ties rrarkets of the ¦world. Specula
tion wa'ts on the developments in China aail
the menry markets In Berlin an<l Paris. The
flrmrr tor.e In Lor.con sad Paris on Parly ro
r*jrts cf a Hritirh fuccess in the XnaCYM]
cauwd prirrs to oyx-n l-.Sghcr. but they quickly
<iecim»d on realizing and on chort rale* by
the tracers Jnduc^l by renewed rtrr>ngrth In
r/heat on oontlnuf-J drought In the Northwest.
The. out!o«4iL for th* crcps was a dominating
influence in the market all <Iay. riot only In
l*ie movement of prices shown, bat in the
Intense dullness and hecltaxtoa In tho trading.
A flight QUp wan jriven in the last hour by
the weather bureau's jircdlcticns of rain in
the TrortlnvoFt. Th» -.vcatl-.<-r bureati's weekly
report of crop cc^.iilicn*. while it reflected the
ur-favprable condition cf spring wheat, r.s arma
expected, Ijrous'it ttalizlr.g in wheat and. con
truryvlse. shcrt covering in stocks. The rally
In PaclJics and s-jme grangers reached a point
or overv but the rise wan not writ niaintalned
«nd tlie c\orf. «¦«« H«-mI-Rtajrnant and unsteady
at ?•omoesfKlous. The j,rc«-iv?ct of pojj" exports on
Thursday Ira* a d'-prt^sir.s influence in the
market. No actual unar>e-en:er.ts for ship
:.:.¦>¦ havn fcern coc-.pletc-J. but exch.tnce
har.kt« pe.neral!y r/Iniit tfcrit a profit is pos
sible on Ujc opera: ion. StcrlintT c::chans:e held
X!rrs to-day In fr-lte of a Online in London
discount rator,. BterllSS excbacife at Paris de
clined and the Bank at EnsUbd sold koM. lor
1 ..:... g Paris, in lact. seems to ba Uie real
point ot atirr.ction f«.r grol'J. The easing of
London diB^our.t rate is attributed to ex
j«ctaticn "f rurtber receipts of Russian cold
end the FtlTTneps of the noney market in Paris
and Berlin, where. Iiuj-Ein usually borrows to
meet her -Interest oMljcations to Ixmdon. is
tbe real caiine if - Rurpian gold going to Lon
don. Thus it happens that Russia; Inttead of
. borrowing In Ttris, indirectly furnished th<»
(means which enable* London to P'jpi>ly
to 1'ariF. Th.-» Frenrh demand for ffold is
atiributr-d to the active need for muney in
circulation Inrjflnnt to the ?¦xpc-sitlon. But
the fjoliry of jho Kank of Trance 1n reducing
Its note Issue and in oontractintc Its loans is
in conflict with this view and Indicates rather
a. o'alre ta jorclfy the position or that institu
tion. London advices report uneasijiess in the
Ft"Ci: i:.3ricet lent a crisis ehall develop !n
Fran-^ arter the cspoEitJca la endctS. This
bdj« t« B«ecost for the pert»'.stcr.t dullness
t.f th» nuru^ean secur!tii b n-.crket. The policy
ft contraction which {k lieing followtxl Vf the
Govcrmr.cr.t benka el Germany. England «r.d
Prar.r«'i* in r.trcr.ir contrast to that follov/ed
Jn thin cu:itry. Two weeks ajro loar.s cf Uie
yCt/v York banks rcF'? to a Xi<rure above ar.y
j)re»"iot:s rfrord end last Saturday'3 loa.:i Item
was fl2.E3S.TC<> In oxceBn'of the previous hish
record on J'.ily S, I8S*. The jigKregate of the
loans cf the national banks of the United
State* under the ca!! of April IS was al«o
Fhown to !>•> larger tJia«> oxer before. The
calmuess of the money market In spite of this
larj?!* voiume of crodlts out3ta;sCir.K and an
unusually low prcportloa cl cash reserv* Is
5 im
8
Nczv York Grain and Produce
Chicago Grain Market.
AKTICL.ES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 72V4 73% n\ 72%
July ..' 73 74«i 72% 73%
AUjfUst 74% 7% 73% 74U
Com No. 2—
June 38% 39'i 3S% 33
July 3S»; 39* 2S% 39
August ! 39V» 3l"h, 3VH Zi%
Outs Xo. . 2—
June 21% 2214 21T4 21%
July 22 22v» 22 22'4
August 21'.i 22 21% ' 21*i
M«-ss Pork, bbl—
July 11 62^ 11 63 11 <5 U 47W
September 11 70 1W3 11 52^ 11 57W
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 77% G SO 6 C7U 6 C7%
September 6 SO 6 SO 6 70 6 72<Z
Short Ribs, l(fo lbs—
July...., 6 77H C 77% 6 67% C 70
September 4 75 C 77Vi 6 67% 6 70
ARTICLES.
.ece!
,s.
F"lour, barrels ......'. '. 13,000
SVhsat, bushels 41,000
2orn, bushels 250,000
3ats, bushels 352,000
ftye. bushels 2.000
Barley, bushels 40,000
10.000
21.000
212.000
204.0C0
1.0C0
1.000
WEDXESU
>.\
VY, JU.NE U.
?un rises
.4
Sun sets
Moon rises
p.
7:Z2
m.
S Time! Time;
? l. wl ' h yrj
i F
ITlmel I
Pt. 1 Ft. I
L, W
(Tin
!H '
r t.
13 ... 6-32'i— O.8i 12:SSi
14 ... «:15l-0.8 1:37|
15 ... «:56!— 0.7! MS
H W| L W
I* ... 0:4Sl B.E 7:411-
17... 1:4? 5.1 8:27!
18 ... 2:54 4.$! 9:13
19 ... 4:0S 4.4 10:05
4.7 5:llj 3. si
4.8 6:03t 3.21
5.0 7:00 3.1J
|H W!
-fl.4l I:."** 5.11
0.0! S:3<>t 5.4!
0.51 4:201 5.51
1.0! 5:01! 5.6!
i 11:
S 11:
u
! 9:
I 10:
I U:
:O
:0
:i»
:1
J
M
3:
5.7
r.s
u
:.t
14
Steamer. I m : } *>"«•
North Fork HoajboMt June 13
Columbia [Portland June 1»
Arcata \Coo* &** June H
i>.\Vitii Xewport June u
Crescenrcuy.:.,'cre 3 .ent City June U
Point Arena |MendJCino June l>
Carlisle City IChlna and Japan June 13
Rcbt AdamsonlN'anaimo June ij
Pomona : Eureka.. [Juno 15
£."., ""•"" lr"K-«»pr Hnrbor ..t.Tnn* H
Tellus jfiystor warmr jJune l.i
Walla Walla. ..Victoria & Puget Sound June la
Mackinaw (Seattle....... June 18
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor June 16
Santa Kosa !*»¦ D1 f*°-- June 15
Newburjt ; Grays Harbor June 10
Wa*hten.*»w iiacoma [June IT
— ...lOvstrr Harbor I.Iun;» n
Universe ")'»f n««ur Jane u
FmDlre Coos Cay June n
Coos Day Newport !June IS
W H. Kruger.'San Pedro » June 18
r>ei Norte [Portland June 13
Peru [New York June 1:)
Doric n.nina ana japan uune 13
Australia Honolulu {June 13
State of Cal 1 Portland : June J.I
Corona !San D1»ko I June SI
Steamer. I Destination. L Sails. '' j Pier.
: T .
1- — ¦ — ¦ 1 1 ¦
Marlpcsa ..[Sydney June u. it pn firr I
Corona |Sar> Diesro (June H. a «m;Pter 11
HnntrVfier M'''% 'n»*.Jan«ni.Tune II. ipmiPMS?
City PueblalVlc & I'gt Sd.l.Tune IS, II am'Pler 9
North Fork Kureka (Juno 16. 3ar.iiPler 2
Bonlta .....Newport (June is. t>amlPi«rll
Arcata Coos Bay (June 1C, 13 mlPler 13
Columbia .. Portland lJune 17. 11 amiTier 2t
Pomona — IHumboldt [June 17. : pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena. .(Fnint Arfna.. [June 1H. 2 pm|pier 2
Kruaer !THiamonk IJuno is I
NewburK .. [Grays Harbori June is 1
Carlisle Cty China & Japan! June 1H. V> am'Pier V
Cltyof Para New York [June IS. 12 m PilS}
Santa Ro»a San Diego |juno IS. 11 am] Pier 11
Steamer. I m : } *>"«•
North Fork HoajboMt June 13
Columbia [Portland June 1»
Arcata \Coo* &** June H
i>.\Vitii Xewport June u
Crescenrcuy.:.,'cre 3 .ent City June U
Point Arena |MendJCino June l>
Carlisle City IChlna and Japan June 13
Rcbt AdamsonlN'anaimo June ij
Pomona : Eureka.. [Juno 15
£."., ""•"" lr"K-«»pr Hnrbor ..t.Tnn* H
Tellus jfiystor warmr jJune l.i
Walla Walla. ..Victoria & Puget Sound June la
Mackinaw (Seattle....... June 18
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor June 16
Santa Kosa !*»¦ D1 f*°-- June 15
Newburjt ; Grays Harbor June 10
Wa*hten.*»w iiacoma [June IT
— ...lOvstrr Harbor I.Iun;» n
Universe ")'»f n««ur Jane u
FmDlre Coos Cay June n
Coos Day Newport !June IS
W H. Kruger.'San Pedro » June 18
r>ei Norte [Portland June 13
Peru [New York June 1:)
Doric n.nina ana japan uune 13
Australia Honolulu {June 13
State of Cal 1 Portland : June J.I
Corona !San D1»ko I June SI
Steamer. I Destination. L Sails. '' j Pier.
: T .
1- — ¦ — ¦ 1 1 ¦
Marlpcsa ..[Sydney June u. it pn firr I
Corona |Sar> Diesro (June H. a «m;Pter 11
HnntrVfier M'''% 'n»*.Jan«ni.Tune II. ipmiPMS?
City PueblalVlc & I'gt Sd.l.Tune IS, II am'Pler 9
North Fork Kureka (Juno 16. 3ar.iiPler 2
Bonlta .....Newport (June is. t>amlPi«rll
Arcata Coos Bay (June 1C, 13 mlPler 13
Columbia .. Portland lJune 17. 11 amiTier 2t
Pomona — IHumboldt [June 17. : pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena. .(Fnint Arfna.. [June 1H. 2 pm|pier 2
Kruaer !THiamonk IJuno is I
NewburK .. [Grays Harbori June is 1
Carlisle Cty China & Japan! June 1H. V> am'Pier V
Cltyof Para New York [June IS. 12 m PilS}
Santa Ro»a San Diego |juno IS. 11 am] Pier 11
AKTICL.ES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 72V4 73% n\ 72%
July ..' 73 74«i 72% 73%
AUjfUst 74% 7% 73% 74U
Com No. 2—
June 38% 39'i 3S% 33
July 3S»; 39* 2S% 39
August ! 39V» 3l"h, 3VH Zi%
Outs Xo. . 2—
June 21% 2214 21T4 21%
July 22 22v» 22 22'4
August 21'.i 22 21% ' 21*i
M«-ss Pork, bbl—
July 11 62^ 11 63 11 <5 U 47W
September 11 70 1W3 11 52^ 11 57W
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 77% G SO 6 C7U 6 C7%
September 6 SO 6 SO 6 70 6 72<Z
Short Ribs, l(fo lbs—
July...., 6 77H C 77% 6 67% C 70
September 4 75 C 77Vi 6 67% 6 70
WEDXESU
>.\
VY, JU.NE U.
?un rises
.4
Sun sets
Moon rises
p.
7:Z2
m.
S Time! Time;
? l. wl ' h yrj
i F
ITlmel I
Pt. 1 Ft. I
L, W
(Tin
!H '
r t.
13 ... 6-32'i— O.8i 12:SSi
14 ... «:15l-0.8 1:37|
15 ... «:56!— 0.7! MS
H W| L W
I* ... 0:4Sl B.E 7:411-
17... 1:4? 5.1 8:27!
18 ... 2:54 4.$! 9:13
19 ... 4:0S 4.4 10:05
4.7 5:llj 3. si
4.8 6:03t 3.21
5.0 7:00 3.1J
|H W!
-fl.4l I:."** 5.11
0.0! S:3<>t 5.4!
0.51 4:201 5.51
1.0! 5:01! 5.6!
i 11:
S 11:
u
! 9:
I 10:
I U:
:O
:0
:i»
:1
J
M
3:
5.7
r.s
u
:.t
14
ARTICLES.
.ece!
,s.
F"lour, barrels ......'. '. 13,000
SVhsat, bushels 41,000
2orn, bushels 250,000
3ats, bushels 352,000
ftye. bushels 2.000
Barley, bushels 40,000
10.000
21.000
212.000
204.0C0
1.0C0
1.000
AUCTION SALES
fe £» -fes
AUCTIONSiLE
50 HEAD ' HORSES,
'. '• HIGH-CLASS. „,_
Sired by DEL PASO. WESTERN. RpSKR.
LEE EXILE, etc. Out of mares by PATCH-
EN ALASKA. BISMARCK. KENTUCKY etc.
Catalogues Now Ready. Horses Now at Yard.
Bred by J. B. HACGIN ESQ-
KtiR» COU.VTY LA>D CO..
TO BK SOLD ON*
•ro-Monnow.
THURSDAY JUNE 14. 19C0
Successors to KILLIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneer*. San Francisco.Husband Alleges Cruelty.
OAKLAND, June 12. — Charles E. Avan
commenced suit to-day for a divorce froci
OHIe Avan.. Ht alleges cruelty as the
around for action.
Worry Deranged Her Mind.
. OAKLAND.' June 12.— Mary J. Lund, a
domestic, 26 years old, -residing near
Mount Eden, was examined for insanity
this morning by Drs. Sanborn and Ewer,
w.ho recommended that she be committed
Feared She Would Be Poisoned.
OAKLAND, June 12.— Mrs. E. Palaclos,
who resides at the Seattle House at
Eighth and Washington streets, com
plained to the police this morning that
some person was attempting to poison
her. She carried a bottle which she said
contained poison and had been given to
her. instead of a prescription she had or
dered for a slight ailment. On investiga
tion it was learned that the woman was
derancod.
Ann Mangled by Cogs
OAKLAND, June 12.— Edward Roch. 16
years old, an employe of the California
Sash and Door Company, had his right
arm drawn between revolving cog wheels
while at ¦ work ¦ to-day and before the ma
chinery could be stopped his arm was se
verely mangled. Roch was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where he was at
tended bv Dr. J. L. Milton. The physi
cian says the boy will not lose his arm.
Berkeley Soldier Dies.
BERKELEY, June 11.— Joseph McCourt,
a well-known Berkeley boy and a member
of Company I. Thirty-fifth Regiment, U.
S. V.. was killed in Luzon. April 29. Word
has just been received here by letter tell
ing of his death. McCourt. with a party
under Captain C. D. Roberts, was scout
ing near San Miguel de Mayumo, Luzon.
The party was surprised and McCourt and
a comrade. Private John A. Green, were
killed, and Captain Roberts and two pri
vates ¦ captured.
McCourt enlisted In the Eighth Regi
ment, and after being mustered out re
enilstedin the Thirty-fifth. ' His mother,
who was for many years a resident of
Berkeley, Js in Sausallto. where she Is
seriously ill.
CONSUL MARTIN
ASKS FOR A CRUISER
WASHINGTON, Juno 12.— The following
dispatch was received at the State De
partment to-day:
"CHIN KIANG. Juno 12.— Secretary of
State: I^arge numbers of natives have
organized a secret society here. People
are very apprehensive. No protection.
Want crulner. MARTIN."
Mr. Martin Is the Consul at Chin KJang
and his telegram is the first news re
ceived here to indicate the spread of the
Boxer agitation in that portion of China.
Chin Klang is ono of the most Important
treaty ports in China. It Is located on
the Yang-tse-KianK. a little over 100 miles
above the point where the Wo Sung en
ters, and Is about 125 miles from Shanjr
hal. At the latter port the United States
gunboats Yorktown and Castlne are now
lying, undergoing repairs. Tho extent of
these is not known at the Navy Depart
ment, but assuming that they are not
more extensive than usual. It Is said that
one or both of the vessels might be dis
patched to Chin Klang in a day or two.
However, up to this moment no orders
have gone forward to either of the ves
sels or to Admiral Remey. There is an
intimation at the State Department that
the Consul at Chin Ktang has exagger
ated the danger of the situation and that
the mere halting near the town of a num
ber of Boxers is not evidence that they
have any hostile Intentions against the
American consulate.
HALTIMORE. June 12— The eighteenth an
nual convention of the Maater Plumber. 1 Na
tional Association ber-m with J000 maater
I lumbers from ail parts of the United btates
I,1MA. P«ru. June 12.— A powerful Chilean
fiir.E squadron of elx vessels anchored off
Arlca Monday. They will remain for a week
t,n<5 will then proceed southward.
CAIRO June 12. — Out of a total of seventy
five plague capes *lnce the outbreak of the
diwase here thirty-four have resulted fatally.
«AI-IN'A. Utah. June 12.— N>!!s and Andrew
Fr»T!k!w>n were killed near here yesterday by
the overturning of a epring wagon.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
ELOPED AND WERE
WEDDED IN SECRET
OAKLAND, June 12.— A. V. Jackson of
this city and Miss Josephine Bowe of
Berkeley eloped Friday and were secretly
married in Santa Rosa. The bride is the
daughter of William Bowe, who resides
at San Pablo avenue and Eancroft way.
The groom is a machinist, employed by
the Southern Pacific Company.
The young people returned home Friday
night, Mrs. Jackson going to her parents'
residence. Her husband went to work at
the shops as usual on Saturday. Sunday
he went to the bride's parents and after
greeting his wife told the Story of the
marriage. As soon as the old folks had
recovered from their surprise the parental
blessing was bestowed and Mr. and Mrs.
Jackson departed to prepare for a home
of their own.
OAKLAND, June 12.-"In behalf of
my client, the city of Oakland, 1
ask that you do not try this case."
So said ex-Supreme Court Com
missioner Robert Y. Hayne, special coun
sel for the city of Oakland in Department
No. 3 of the Superior Court of Alameda
County, to Superior Judge E. C. Hart of
Sacramento County, who is sitting for
Judge Ogden in the trial of the case of
the Contra Costa Water Company against
the city of Oakland to test the water
rates fixed by the City Council.
It was a very remarkable request to
make, but the conditions under which it
was made were as remarkable as the re
quest. . Judge E. C. Hart of the Sacra
mento Superior bench had been invited
by Judge Ogden to sit as the trial Judge
in this very important litigation over
water rates as Judge Ogden deemed him
self disqualified as he was a rate .payer
and consequently a party at Interest.
Judge Hart has made several trips from
Sacramento to Oakland and has heard
one demurrer and one application for per
mission to examine books, both of which
went against the city of Oakland.
This morning Robert Y. Hayne and As
sistant City Attorney Condon filed two
documents with Judge Hart. One was an
other motion to be permitted to examine
the books of the Contra Cosfa Water
Company and the other was a request
that Judge E. C. Hart withdraw from the
case, and making the legal statement that
his selection was not legal because If
Judge Ogden was disqualified from trying
the case he was also disqualified from
selecting' a Judge who should try it.
At first Judge Hayne based his request
for the retirement of Judge Hart solely
upon legal grounds. He confined his ar
gument to the text of his request, which
was that being disqualified to try the
case Judge Ogden was equally disqualified
to select a Judge. All morning long and
far into the afternoon arguments upon
these dry legal lines continued, until
Judge Hart announced from the bench
that he hardly thought the reasons given
Justified any such request.
As soon as Judge Hart grasped the
meaning of the request of the city he
said:
"This places me In a very embarrassing
position. I was invited to sit in this case
and accepted, and I certainly do not feel
like sitting If the attorneys in the case
feel that they cannot get a fair and im
partial trial from me."
"While a Judge may have some delicacy
about sittlnff under these circumstances,
still he should not shirk a duty once as-
Kumed," said A. A. Moore.
It being a case of Judges In all kinds of
positions. Judge Ogden could not be
spared, and his Honor was called as a
witness in the court where he usually sat
as Judge. ¦ .
It was during the afternoon session that
Judge Hayne made the specific request
of Judge Hart that he would not sit as
the trial Judge In the case. Judge Hart
took occasion to make a statement of con
siderable length, In which he Intimated
that he did not consider the legal grounds
advanced by Mr. Hayne as sufficient to
have him retire from the case.
"This- position is certainly very awk
ward and embarrassing," said Judge
Hart. "When I was Invited by • Judge
Ogden to pit In this case it was. of course,
a compliment, and I so considered it. I
consented only al a considerable sacri
fice. One of the Judges of Sacramento
County is sick and the other departments
are crowded with work.
"I have met but one of the- Judges of
this county, and him but once. I have
met none of the attorneys In this action
but one, and him but once. When I was
Invited to sit in this case I know nothing 1
about the case or th« noluts Involved. I
PRINCIPALS IN OAKLAND'S LATEST LEGAL TANGLE \
have heard one demurrer, which I deemed
it my duty to deny. Later I heard Judge
Hayne's application for permission to ex
amine books, and felt it my duty to deny
that under the ,law. I came here this
morning to hear another application for
an order to examine the books of this
company, and I am willing to hear such
an application when It Is not made too
broad. I am met with a motion to retire
from the case, made by one of the parties
concerned.
"I know po far as any prejudice or bias
In thl? case Is concerned that I have
absolutely no feeling in the matter I
know no one connected with the case save
a few of the citizens of Oakland. I have
come here to accommodate the counsel
for both sides, and I am a little sensitive
over this proceeding. No such proceeding
has ever been instituted against me. if
there be any specific cause why I should
not try this case counsel should say so
and I would not sit. It is a question of
propriety whether I shall sit in this ca«e
or not."
"Since Judge Hart has requested that
counsel state their position. I must re
quest that you do not try this case." re
plied Judge Hayne.
This statement was followed by attack
and counter attack from the contending
attorneys.
"A Judge is not to be scared off the
bench with that kind of a bogy man "
said A. A. Moore quickly.
"I protest against Mr. Moore's state
ments." replied Judge Hayne. "There is
no effort beln* made to scare any one
off the bench." .
"Your Honor could not come down un
der fire. To do that would be to smirch
the bench," said Mr. Moore.
"I object to these Insinuations and as
sertions.',' replied Judge Hayne. "We
came here to argue legal points. When
your Honor asks us If we are dissatisfied
why should we not answer? We have
said nothing offensive., but In the most
respectful manner have answered your
Honor's question."
"Judge Hayne has made no charges,
but has merely paid that he does not want
yoi*r Honor," said E. J. McCutcheon. "In
so doing ho admits that he has no reason,
but merely makes a suggestion."
Judge Hart finally declared a recess In
order to consult with the other Judges of
the superior bench' of Alnmeda County
Upon his return he took ' the bench and
"I will listen to the arguments upon the
legal phase of this matter to-morrow
morning. I have not thought sufficiently
upon the personal phase, as yet, but I
feel that if I retire now »lt will be
an acknowledgment upon my part that I
was biased or prejudiced."
"I am very sorry, if you feel that way,
that you drew me out," said Judge Hayne
.""I .will listen to the law to-morrow
morning, and I may even decide to with
draw without that consideration, but I
vill listen to the legal arguments to-mor
row." replied Judge Hart.
But this Is. hardly more than could be
expected from this case, for it is one of
the most important cases in the State. It
involves law points that must stand for
years to come, and the whole question of
the relation of the water companies to
the people, of the right of water compa
nies to combine and demand interest" upon
their Investment, of the right to abnor
mally increase the Investment of water
companies In order to secure interest
thereon, will nil have to be gone into.
The eyes of millions of Invested .'capital
and of the entire water consuming popu
lation of the State are turned toward the
trial of this case.
HAYNE WANTS HART
TO LEAVE THE BENCH
BLOEMFONTEIN, June 12.— Our troops
from the north are at Honlngsprult (south
of Roodeval. where the Boers cut the
British lines of communication), having
defeated the' enemy. They will be at
America Siding to-morrow at 8 a. m.
General Knox moves out from Kroonatad
to Intercept the enemy. Fuller particulars
later."
LONDON. June 12.— The War Office has
received the following' dispatch from Gen
eral Kelly-Kenny:
" 'June - 11. — No communication from
Methuen since June 7. He was flghtln<5
June 0 to the north of Vetchkop. Steyn
is near Reitz. The British prisoners sent
to Vrede are well treated.' "
m
KELLY-KENNY DEFEATS BOEKS.
LONDON. June 12.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Of
fice from General Forestier-WaJker. in
command, of the lines of communication
in South Africa:
"CAPE TOWN. June 11— The following
Is from Kelly-Kenny:
METHDEN IS FIGHTING.
TRIED SUICIDE
FOR LOVE OF
HIS SWEETHEART
In the young man's pockets ¦were found
two letters. One was addressed to Miss
Abbie Stoll, 2035 Twenty-sixth street. In
it the writer stated that he Intended to
commit suicide fos love of her. The other,
addressed "My Father." asked that a rinar
it contained be given the girl mentioned.
A young man, whose name from letters
found subsequently in his pocket is sup
posed to be George Jackson, approached
Police Officer Engel on Kearny street,
near Pine, early this morning and showing
him a bottle labeled "carbolic acid," asked
him if he wanted to see a man commit
suicide. The officer grabbed the youth,
took the bottle from him and sent him to
the Receiving Hospital. There Jackson
went Into convulsions and it was thought
he had swallowed strychnine.
Patrolmen Bfhan, Murphy and Tierney
were acquitted by the Police Commis
sioners last night of charges of bribery
and dereliction of duty preferred by
Chief Sullivan. In delivering the opinion
of the board Judge Wallace made an al-
D .-t humble apology to the three men
for the mistake made by their chief.
Chief Sullivan charged the three patrol
men with permitting Chinese to pass
through the quarantine lines, where they
were on duty last week and of accepting
money from the Chinese. The Chief con
ducted the prosecution In person and nis
witne«s«s were private detectives em
t.ioyfd from a local bureau for the work.
They failed utterly to make out a case
against the patrolmen and the vote or
the Commispinn«T8 for acquittal was
unanimous. Attorneys A. Rue! ana
Frank H. Gould appeared for the de
fendants. The showing of the Chief that
he had employed private detectives to
watch regular patrolmen made a \er>
b Policeman E^ N. Boukofsky, who ran
amuck with a pistol while drunk about
ten days ago. and made an assault upon
a prlpman, wan dismissed from the force
by a unanimous vote of the Commission
ers. A criminal charge is now pending
t-pafnst him In the court*.
Officer E. J. Reilly was fined $5 for
reading a newppaper while on duty.
Chief Sullivan Could Not
Make Good Charges of
Bribery.
PATROLMEN ABE
ACQUITTED BY
COMMISSIONERS
WASHINGTON, June 12. - Although
there Is much conflict as to the status of
the revolution in Colombia, all advices
agree that armies aggregating 25.000 or
30,000 men have been facing each other,
with sanguinary results. The Colombian
Charge d 1 Affaires here. Dr. Luis Cuervo-
Marques, said to-day that the official in
formation coming from the Colombian
capital showed that the revolutionists had
been forced back to the Venezuelan fron
tier, and that contrary advices received
by the Navy Department here yesterday
referred to local conditions around Pan
ama, unconnected with the main theater
of war. $
He says the Government has an army
of 70.000 men at various points and tha.i
the main body of about 15.000 men has
borne the brunt of recent engagements.
They are armed with Mauser rifles, with
Remington smokeless powder, and have
Maxim rapid-fire guns and heavier field
guns of the Creusot make. The revolu
tionists also have Mausers and Maxims.
They have a Erunboat, and another was
used for transport and fighting purposes.
The Government has four gunboats, three
on the Atlantic and one on the Pacific
side.
The revolutions are well organized, not
only on the field but abroad, with influ
ential friends here. According to the
other side of the case, as stated by one
of their adherents to-day, the conflicting
claims of success are due largely to nego
tiations recently carried on as to the Pan
ama canal. Desirous of securing addi
tional war funds, the Government pro
posed an extension of the canal conces
sion, whereupon the revolutionists' agents
abroad gave notice that if the funds were
advanced the extension would not be rec
ognJzed in case of the success of the revo
lution. Dr. Cuervo-Marques says as to
this, however, that his Government would
not resort to a falsification of war news
in order to advance Its financial condition,
and as an evidence of the reliability of
the Government claims he points out that
the dispatches come from his brother,
who is Minister of Foreign Affairs at Bo
gota, and are to a certain extent personal
and non-political. He expresses every
confidence that the Government will
maintain its control of affairs.
In official quarters it is stated that some
of the countries adjacent to Colombia,
notably Venezuela. Ecuador and Nicara
gua., arc lending assistance to the revolu
tion, and that its effect may be far-reach
ing on this account.
Armies Aggregating 30,000
Men Struggling for
Supremacy.
SANGUINARY
BATTLES WAGED
IN COLOMBIA
Friends of Father McN ally-
Hold a Reception in
His Honor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, June 12.
The thirtieth anniversary of the or
dination of Rev. J. B. McNally. pastor of
St. Patrick's parish. West Oakland, was
celebrated last evening by the parishion
ers and friends with an entertainment
and a reception In honor of the popular
clergyman.
The festival was for a two-fold purpose.
Father McNally had only recently re
turned from Arizona, where he had been
recuperating after a long Illness, and his
flock made the celebration one of rejoicing
as well for his regained health.
The reception was held at St. Patrick's
Hall. During the evening the alumni of
St. Patrick's Institute gave an entertain
ment. Then the young ladies of the so
dality presented cleverly a farce, "The
Champion of Sex," the characters being
sustained by Miss Ella Flynn. Miss Stella
Long, Miss Sabrina Flanigan, Miss Josl«
O'Connell, Miss Margaret Sheehan. Miss
Christina Murphy, Miss Mary Harrington
and Miss Catherine O'Hearn. Refresh
ments were served and Father McNally
recited some original verse. In referring
to the reception he said:
"'I am only 30 years old— that Is, I have
been In the ministry thirty years. I
greatly appreciate the light and pleasant
way in which you have seen* fit to remem
ber me. I know that in my heart I have
enjoyed every moment of it all."
Among the guests were Dr. and Mrs.
Maher, Miss Mathews, Mr. and Mrs.
Brophy, Miss Brophy and Rev. J. M.
White.
CELEBRATE HIS
THIRTIETH YEAR
OF PRIESTHOOD
Addressee found on papers In the young
man's pocket were 1100 McAllister street
and Union-square Market.
to -an asylum. The young woman was
then taken before Judge Ogden, who after
hearing her statement allowed her to re
turn to her home. Illness and an unfortu
nate business venture caused Miss Luna
to worry until her mind became slightly
deranged.
Grazer Not Guilty of Assault.
OAKLAND, June 12.— Adolph Grnzer
was acquitted to-day by a Jury in Judge
Greene's court of a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. He was accused of
clubbing William Johnson on the head
with a bung-starter during a row at the
Three-mile House on the San Leandro
road.
OAKLAND, June 12.— Many of the la
dies of the Oakland Club are now
giving their time and attention to
the vacation schools, which promise
to be of much value to the children of the
poorer districts of the city. Encouraged
by the success attending the opening of
the kindergarten at the Garfleld School
in East Oakland yesterday, the members
t>t the club are striving to make the vaca
tion school, which is to be established
next week at the Tompklns schoolhouse
in West Oakland, a like success.
When the ladies who volunteered to
take charge of the Garfleld School ap
peared yesterday morning there were fifty
children, ranging in age from 5 to 11 years,
who wanted to be enrolled. As many of
these as could be cared for were taken
in charge and it Is expected that within
a few days all may be accommodated.
"What we need now," said Mrs. Henry
Goodcell. one of the earnest workers for
successful vacation schools, to-day, are
appliances for use in athletics. Men are
now at work erecting swings and seesaws
for the children, but other things are
needed, such as footballs, baseballs, bats
and such things that are calculated to at
tract the small boy and make him realize
that to attend the vacation school Is both
more pleasurable and more profitable
than to. spend his time on the street cor
ners. During the severe weeks of
the regular school vacation we
shall see that the children are given a
number of outings. There will be trips
to the surrounding country districts, such
as Haywards and Dimond Canyon and
possibly San Rafael may be included, as
it was last year. These trips Into the
country mean much to the children and
if the transportation companies will treat
us kindly we will be able to do a great
deal for our young charges."
The principal object of the vacation
schools is to remove from evil Influences
the vounjr children who are now com
pelled to roam the streets. The teachers
in charge, are kind and sympathetic, and
Instead of rigid discipline the little boys
and girls are made to understand that
they are beings of Intelligence and must
rely upon themselves.
The girls are taught the branches of do
mestic art, such as sewing and other
duties of the household. Pleasant tasks
are also assigned to the boys, and with
out exception the teachers declare that
after a day or two at the school nothing
can induce th* children to leave. Each
morning before the repular session com
mences the children are lined up In the»
school yard, where they recite the "Civic
Creed" and salute the national flag as It
is being hoisted to the breeze.
In addition to training the minds and
bodies of their youthful charces the Oak
land Club members are doing much to
supply their physical needs in the way of
clothing. Whenever a more than usually
dilapidated lad or lass appears he or she
is furnished wltn a pair of shoes, a hat.
or a frock, as the- case may be. This char
itable work Is bring done In the most un
ostentatious manner, and the beneficiaries
are spared the\humillatlon of publicity.
The vacation school for the West Oak
land districts will be opened next Monday
morninp. Among: the earnest workers* In
the cause are Mrs. Henry Gnodcell, Mrs.
G. \V. Bunnell. Miss Mary McClees. Mlsa
Alice McChesney. Mrs. O. \V. Klnney.
Miss Morgan, Miss T. E. Brown and Miss
M. Carleton.
Group of Vacation School Pupils With Their Teacher.
OAKLAND. Juno 12.-With thp oele-
Iwation of a high mass in the morn
tr.p. business sessions, election anil
installation cf new State officer*
and a banquet in the evening the/Pecond
and last day of the biennial convention
<"'f the Ancient Order of Hibernians was
At) had been predicted there was a
spirited contest over the election of the
State president. The new State officers
¦ere as follow*:
Ftate president. Frank ConlU'.n of San Fran
ce «co; State chaplain. Her. D. O. Crowley, re
flects : State *ecr»tary. Edward I. She^han
•f Han Franclnco re-eiected: i?late treasurer,
Jnhn P. Henry of San Francisco.
The convention adopted strong resolu
tions denouncing Lord Salisbury and the
Irish koMIcbs who are lighting the Boers.
The FJoers' cause was warmly espoused.
In a business wav the most Important
feature was the creation of the office of
Ftate organizer, to be filled bv appoint
ment of the State officers. The salary
will be provided for by a per capita tax
of 'JZ cents a quarter.
The delepates marched in procession
this morning to the Church of the 1m-
Knaeulate Conception, where ma=s was
celebrated by Rev. Father Kins, assisted
by State Chaplain Crowley. Father Mor
rison and Father Nolan. A sermon in
touch with the purposes of the order was
preached by Father King.
The convention Instructed divisions to
exercise eloper watch upon the enforce
ment of rules regard'r:g lapses of dues
•rhere sick benefits are Involved. During
the morning session addresses were deliv
ered by Father King. Father Crowley. J.
IV Dignan. State President J. J. Donovan.
Frank Conklin, Father J. B. McNally and
M. O. Mahaney.
l»urtn;r th« afternoon pepMon a commit
tee from the? Ladies' Auxiliary from San
Francisco was received.
The convention affirmed the provision
in the constitution against Sunday and
Memorial day picnics.
The cck brat Ion of March 17 was left to
the county boards.
State Chaplain Itev. D. O. Crowley was
re-elected by a rising vote. For State
president Frank Conklin was elected over
John P. Disrnan. State Secretary Edward
I. Sheehan was unopposed for re-election.
John I'. Henry of San Francisco defeated
E. F. Murphy of Oakland for State treas
urer. /
The next biennial convention will beheld
In Ijos Angeles.
Resolutions were adopted thankinpr the
Alameda County divisions for their en
tertainment. Charles B. Flanagan, edi
tor of the Nation, was given a special
resolution of thanks and the proceedings
of the convention were ordered to be
printed In the Nation and sent to each
member. The Monitor was also com
mended.
The convention adopted resolutions as
follows:
Whereas. Lord Salisbury. Prime Minister of
hatred of Irish freedom and Irish Institutions;
be it
Resolved. That we denounce said L«ord Palls
bury for his shameful Ingratitude, and express
our deepest contempt for the Irish soldiers who
have turned their backs upon* their mother
land and are fighting under the Hritish flag.
The Boer war was treated as follows
•Whereas. The members of the Ancient Order
of Hibernians of America. In common with
lovers of Justice and liberty throughout the
world, have watched with Interest and sym
pathy the noble struggle cf the lteors for free
dom against England, the enslaver of nations;
and
Whereas. We recoenize that the battle of the
hrave liners Involves the Mime Kr»at Issues of
rnar.hood against mlcjht, free eelf-govrrnment
against alien intrusion and foreign despotism,
the same Issues for which the Iri^h nation has
battled during 800 year*: and
Whereae We r-old the light for freedom hoiy
«h<rever fought, whether in victory or defeat,
and the cause of freedom one and the same in
ail lands and all ages; therefore be it
Itennlved. That the California .Stat<> Conven
tion of the Ancient Order of Hibernians in
dnrpes the heroic stand for freedom mad«» by the
Deer reaubhe and the Uoer people; and be it
further
Resolved. That aa vre have rejoiced In the
victories of the Boors against terrific odds, so
we sorro\v with them in their honorable defeats,
and bo It further
Resolved. That we by thooe resolutions ex
press our respect and admiration for the Boers
for their heroic fighting Qualities and for their
gloriout- campaign against crushing numbers of
a tyrant's mercenaries; and be it further
Resolved. That we repudiate and stismatlzo
ae traitors to Ireland and freedom the Irishmen,
the Irish officers of the Irish, regiments who
have dishonored the shamrock and the sod It
grows on by fighting under the red fiag of Eng
land to enslave a free republic.
In the following resolutions the conven
tion upheld the fight for Ireland's Inde
pendence:
Wheroas. The Ancient Order of Hiberlans Is
composed of Irish birth and blood; and whereas.
we have made our homes in the United States
and pledged our allegiance to the constitution
and flag: of this republic; and whereas.'we hold
ourselves loyal and devoted citizen* of the
United States; and whereas, there may be a
belief that we or those of us who are not of
Irish birth, but are the sons and grandsons
of Irishmen, have forgotten Ireland, or have
grown cold or indifferent toward her; be It,
therefore.
Resolved. That we declare our loyalty to the
cause of Ireland'B freedom: and be It further
Resolved. That while faithful to our Ameri
can citizenship we shall assist by all means
within our power the movement for the Inde
pendence of Ireland; and be It further
Resolved, That we hope some day to see
Ireland take her place among the nations of
the earth.
The banquet this evening was attended
by many delegates and was thoroughly
enjoyed. The retiring State otllcers and
the new ones were among the speakers.
Ladies' Auxiliary, A. O. H. in A.
The first State convention of the Ladies'
Auxiliary, A. O. H. In A., was held in San
Francisco yesterday at Hibernia Hall,
Ninth street. Committees were named,
officers elected and a dinner was eaten.
The officers are: State president, Mrs.
Butters; State secretary. Mrs. Donovan;
State treasurer, Miss Higgins.
Prominent Officers Elected by the A. 0. H. in Oakland. •
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. June 12.
Before his wife ''and some friends near
him could stay his hand Frank Rose, a
"prominent resident of Nlles, swal
lowed the contents of a vial of
strychnine last night In the door
way of his home. Then the desperate man
ran to a blacksmith shop near by and
bolted the door against those who rushed
after him. Mrs. Kose fainted, while wit
nesses to the deed summoned a physician.
The door of the shop was broken .down
and Rose was found, writhing In pain.
Antidotes were given and all night long
there was a fight to save his life. Ills
recovery is yet in doubt.
ThQ attempt at suicide was the result
of years of. domestic trouble, prompted. It
Is "said, by Rose's jealousy of his wife.
The news of his action created much ex
citement in the town, where Rose was
born and has lived all his days. lie is
one of the leading business men of that
section of Alameda County.
Half an hour before he took the poison
Rose went to Sneden's drug store and
purchased the drug, saying he wanted to
kill rats that were overrunning his stable.
He had been standing in front of the barn
after sending his wife to their home,
which is nexc door. As Constable Roder
ick parsed he heard Rose say. "Do you
see that?" holding a email bottle In his
hands.
Roderick turned to the stableman and
Rose continued;
"That's poison, and 1 am going to
take It."
. Mrs. Rose heard the threat, as did sev
eral others, and they ran toward him.
Before they could snatch the bottle from
his handa Rose had Bwallowed the con
tents and fled.
Mrs. Kose declared that her husband
had acted queerly for some time, and his
friends had also noticed his strange
moods. Several years ago Rose and his
wife quarreled. Again last fall there was
more trouble between them, and the hus
band appears to have been morose over
the difficulties. He Is 40 years old. The
Roses have five children.
For many years Kose has been a deputy
sheriff for the, Nile? district. Several
years ago he was the partner of John Ber
nnrd in the livery business at Niles, but
that partnership was dissolved and Rose
>ttri; then has been in business by him
self.
Frank Rose Makes Good a
Threat to Take a Dose
WITH HIS WIFE
AT HIS SIDE HE
DRANK POISON
VACATION SCHOOLS DO MUCH
FOR CHILDREN OF THE POOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
CLOSE OF THE BIENNIAL
SESSION OF HIBERNIANS
9
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV TOBZ. SOUTHAMPTON. LOOTOH. PAM3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 17 New fork July It
St. Louts July 4/St. Paul July IS
RED STAJ* LJN2.
New Yorl^ or)d Antwsr-v
Frcm N>w York every Wednesday. 12 n«on.
Southwark June 2iMKens!npton .....July 4
.Westernland June TS' Xoordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
JO Monto'oniery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May J4th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon Rlrer
Points. June SO. July 31. August SO. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
*> Montgomery St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 n. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailiar.
SS. HONGKONO MARTT ~*
Thursday. June 14. U0O
SS. NIPPON MARTT Tuesday. July 10. 130O
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August J. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at /educed rates. For
freljrin. and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. Genera! Agent.
C0X?AQ!!IK 0X5ERALE TRA59ATLA5TIQ7Z.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -—^.
Sallins: every Thursday Instead of c^rjyt^
Saturday, from November 2. 1339. at -&*"****»¦
10 a. m.. from Pter 42. North River, foot ot
Morton »t. LA LORRAINE. June 14: LA.
CHAMPAGNE. June 11: L'AQUTTAINE. Jun»
M; LA TOURAINE. July 5. First class to
Havre. 160 and upward; S per cent reduction
on round trio. Second class to Havre. t45: S
per cent reduction on round trip. GKNERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 33 Broadway (Hudson bull linsrV New
York. J. F. FTTOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fmnclsco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLirLU, APIA
AUCKLANU AN'1> SYDNEY.
SS MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13. S p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu onlv)
Wednesday. June 17 19(X>. J o m.
L D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Agts^ 114 MwitgMien
Piw 7. Foot Pacific St. FreijW 0Uice.?2 J Market Sl>
POSTUM CEREAL.
EATS ANYTHING
Since Leaving Off Coffee.
"I wish to give my experience with
ev--SS.ee for the benefit of other people. I
used coffee for several years and was a
terrible sufferer from dyspepsia. The
doctor told me not to use coffee or tea
and put me on a light diet, and I felt
better. : -"(
"Then I commenced to drink coffee
again and had the same trouble come
on. • /• >
"One day I told 3 friend about it. who
said that if I would stop drinking coffee
altogether I would feel better, and ad-
vised me to use Postum Food Coffee in
its place.
"I tried the Postum but did not like
it, so I told him about it and he said I
didn't cook it ripht, that is. didn't boil
it enough, and that I should use cream
instead of milk, and to make sure I
would use it he sent a package to the
house.
"After I used that package I would
have no more coffee in the house. Now
I don't know what it is to have dyspep-
cia and I can eat anything. I also give
Posrum to my two children and they are
the healthiest children you could find
anywhere The younpest is a boy 13
months old and we have been giving
him Postum for seven months, three
times a day. He weighs .lo.pounds, and
I know that Postum is what keeps both
of them so healthy.
"I think all people who have dyspep-
sia get it from coffee drinking.
"Yours truly, Mrs. Jno. Stringer. 20
S Florida ave. f Atlantic City, N. J.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamers leave Broadway
fe^ ¦ wharf. San Francisco:
\5Wk_ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. nv.
t^^ 3^. June 10 - 15> 20 - 23> 30> JuIy 5 "
KS§^C!^Mh Chanee to comoany'a eteaia-
Ksl felSift^ ers at Seattle.
k3&2M V»q For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fcAK3C2r*^1 c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^BKsHaai Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes,
¦ and New Whateom (Wa?h.)-
u a. m.. June 10. 15. 10. 25. 30.
July 5. and every nfth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's ateamera for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .
For. Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June
12. 17. 12. 27. July i. and every fifth day
thereafter. _, _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlcta.
Banta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Ban Pedro (Los Anireles) and viewport—
» *. m.. June 8. 12. 1«. 20. 24. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppinsr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anireles and Redondo (Los AnjrelesJ— 11 a.
m., June 10. 14, 18. 22. 28. M, July 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Maedalena Bay, San Jo»e del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. 1a Paa. Santa Roealla
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. _,
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, railing? dates anil hours or sailing
•without previous notice.
• TICKRT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalnce Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Airents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F>O Pt TL Ji. ISTX)
From Ppear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
rinr $12 First Class Includlnq Berth
I An". $8 Second Cla»t and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 12. 22. July 2
COLUMBIA sails June 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena, and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALI* PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
BAY AND BIVER STREAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed..- Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.: »:15, 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thurs. nlKht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p m. .Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE- .....; Me
[~v>T)hs in the Goldfields, a (/
\^~\\L Winchester Re peatingRi fie
Jl * s a S^t ' aw * n 'keif. It will protect you and
Ammunition
LflMWHra^^p^^ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
address en a postal card for 160-page illustrated
jJ^A \0§fr Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
¦^V*^^'^ LjSC 4 1 ® Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CAXU
HUSINESS OFFICE of The San KmnciBCO
rail corner of Market and Third etreeta. opea
irtil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFnCE&~C27 Montgomery street.
terser Cay; open until 5:20 p. r_.
5P0 Hayes Ftreet: opeCi until 8:30 p. m.
r;9 McAllUter Btreet: open tmtll »:S0 p. m.
t;S Larkin ftreet: cpen until »:S0 p. m.
l''« Mission street; opea until 10 p. ra.
riCl Mise ioa street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
t'j * r. ra.
:rc Eleventh street; open' eintil » p. m.
309C Valencia street: opea cntll J p. m.
Northwest comer Twectr-Becond and K*n-
Hirty f\rrelt: np<-n ontll ? p. m.
3IEirr*?;'G N4>T1CES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge ?**<>+»; F. and fl
A M — SlreLlng THIS (W.5DNESDA1 )
l'\XMXG at Ti3i> o'clock. First Ce- >6J>\
g^*fy?;VI_PO.- g-BOUC—/ aa-.itf
CROCKETT Jx)1ge No. 129. F. and A. ft
M-D. 3 THIS EVKNINO. June «.-!%.
at -:£Q o'clock. By order of tl»e W. M. J\J\
H. FOUTXaiE_JE__5eCT*_u_________
L"XCELSIOIl Lodge No. 156, F. aad A. •
U.-8pec— neetta. Tins JWETj^i^V
DAY) EVENING. June 18. at 7:30 TtJv
o'clock. "*%_gr_— tj SMTrrI . secretary.
MIFSIO!? Lodge No. US* F. and A. M. — a
OUkd __O« Tins (WEDNESDAY) A
EVENING, at ":S'-> o'uock. First de-
CEO. D. FLACK. Secretary P. T.
YEUBA BUENA Lo-igp Xo. IS. I.
. ¦ • F., will :v.-fi TO-DA1 r.t 'W^xg^
J p. m.. for the rurpt*e of con-
KXXGHTS of the U?<i Branch j
Kin^s—The picr.Jc committee will *
rr.eel oa WEDNESDAY EVEN- X
IN Q. at S o'clock, to nvUce final _^^Xd'iJ*
.•irr&nEf-ir.cnts lor exru.r!>lon to "a^. fir
£_n Jose on next Sundry. June 17.
M. J. GAUL, cLairmaa. ijp*<gy
JOnN CAXCY. Secret-J-y.
XVANIIOE Lodee No. S, K. at P.. will .*£
center th»- Kr.tght Kan- Cofig forrrs). ptV^ft.
WEDNESDAY. June 13. 19^0. atTgJHS-
Pjtfcian Ciiftle. Wi<* llarlwt st.. at "U_iii
f S3 n m. Members oi r'.s >vr levipes eordi&I.y
invite. JOHN WISE. C. C.
o. NORcnoss. K. or r. ez>a s.
THE funeral dcierates of the Austrian .^^
Bowvo^r.t Society cr»» hereby notified £3^4
».• liTtead the funeral of our late %_¦<»&?
brr*h.r. JOHN PCTKOVICH. WED- S>$£s&
NEEDAT, June 12, et 2 o'clock p. m.. "~"
'.'roM cur hail 413 Sutter et. Hy order of
' J. L RAPOVICH, President.
AT'G. 1IIKV_CH. Recrodlng Secretary.
Jrtr-RKETMEV PIOUBTKRERS" ASSOCIA-
TION- A mating "f the above society will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, June
12. at 1159 MiBKrr. st.. for the transaction of
Uaport-at twrt~*-«; a full attendance of all
rr.enibers cd th"£» vrtphins to join the. associ-
£.licn is re<;aei=t«J. I)y order.
I). -T. AI_RN\ Pres. pro tern.
J. OARDNEK. Sec
ASTZIOL.OOV.
PHOK. A. MAFERV nX Egypt, greatest astrol-
oir-.ft and palmist in the world; satisfaction
rii^rar.tHed. 15 Powell st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divcroe law a Fpeclalty: private;
no Jee wlthou* Fuccess; collections. O. W.
HOWE. fcUy. £t law, S30 Varket.cor.Stockton.
It. '.V. KING. SS Market at., room 6T7: all
cases: no advance charges: call or write.
APVJCE free: no char?? unless evccerfZul. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Mark.tt Et.. rpp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Err :raa Spreck<«.l« bid^.. SC7 Mar-
BSLGIAX HAICXS.
FOR one week only— Helpian lu_-e di>ps bred to
our "Lord Uoncafter" fcr $20; "Lord Doncas-
t, r " if one of th<? firsest str*s ever Imported;
arrived from England May 17. 1906; Hire. Pal-
ace <*up buck of ISSt; <loe. winner of Doncaa-
ter Silver Cup of 1S3S; be wen a prize every
time he wels shown in England; wonderful
color; rr.apnitioent shs.;>e. CALIFORNIA.
BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION. Alameda.
C*l.
AUCTION" *~
AUCTION"
AUCTION
Of lTT.portfd and domestic Belgians
WEDNESDAY, frrm 2 tD 5 p. m..
AT MAUKKT-STKEET RABBITRY,
li;2 Market s'.Tvet.
W. C. BI1NTHAM. Prop.
rOR sal*— Very fine stock cf hifih-ecore. pedl-
prved IMRian hare*, all scon«l by Mrs. Bush.
]>"H Putter St.. EanJFranciBCC^
TKEMONT lielgian Hare Co.. _4 Fil'imore 6t_.
San Francisco. CaL— S<*nd 6c in stamps for
book on <-ar« and feedirij^
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
\.oeitlve B.nulfle cure. PH. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. £» Oold-
«?n Gate ave., S. F. : TOO rabbits for enle cheap.
DXCVCLICS^For Sale or Kxchaxufe.
XLLEN se"s new bicyt-jf-s for S20; *ood article.
Sri Lnrkln St.. corner McAllister.
IIOAXIOIMG FOR CHILDREN*.
WAlfrnD— Small child to board and room for
mother. 2CS Fell ft.
DOOlvS NEW AtfD OLD.
FCHOOL HOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes liock Co.. ?(U MlsfloC st.. near Third.
IllfclNESS CI1AJCCES.
A-4lEfT^AIX)ON : elegantly fllted up; estab.
years _4 doing a guod paying business; place
located cio*e ta Palace Hotel: rent JoO; lease;
large stock, bert quality; - rare offer. Call
11 «1. W I LICE. -6S Keamy -t.
jL—t'jdl; CORNER liquore etore; close to Chron-
icle tWg.; low rent; ba-g-ln. R. O. WILKE.
2G4 K.e-rnr et.
A— t£S— ELEGANTLY furnlsljed restaurant; on
Stockton ft. ; place <-stabl. i_any years and do-
lnK rushing, good-paying business; no better
offer in market. It. O. WLLJCE. 2C'j Keurny.
A— ?GO0: FKHXCH restaurant in choicest loca-
tion of Latin quarter; rrnt J25; a auiendld
paylojc* business; must be «_d at once, at
owners are pclr.g to leave for Paria. Cull II.
O. WILKE. ___ jvearny rt.
A— fliiP; TRANSFER comer on .Mission at., in-
cluding bJ-.lii'.ng; ground rent. J2t>; lease of 4
rears: first-clats; leaving for IDurope; not all
lish nt-cr-srary. R. G. VTILKE. ?£H Kearny.
A— t^OO- CORKER clear store with card room,
cloee to corner Market and Powell et».; a rax«
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. :&vfe Keamy Et.
A— J1C00; CANDY route; eatafcl. 20 yearn; all
cash trade clearinc obout J1K> per month.
Call R. G. WILKE, SCti Kearny et.
A— $£"«¦ CORNER saloon; rent J1S: choicest lo-
<fction south cf Market St.; place doing a good
ravine buslnesp. but partis can't agree. Call
U. a. WILKE. ?C^ K.-arr.y et.
A— *£Xi- CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living roonia. on Geary St.; k>w rent
and cood paying business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. SG-j Kearny et.
A— A STENBERO CO.. S85 Market et.
'. Llrt your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate,
*"..-.; or any kind of business with us
V.'e c£kn Pel! for cash
Have buyers waiting
$;£!;— Crarich bakery; bargain.
$<:/>— C'.par store; Kearny st.
Y>:fy Dtlicacy etore; Western Addition
A ETLNBERG CO.. 8SJ Market st. Phon<
Folsum tt*2.
A— S300; NICE little house. 7 rooms; locatloi
l.c-st north Market; owner there 5 years: goln*
Germany; must eell. Stenberg Co.. 92i Market
jlSCiU — PARTNER wanted; manufacturing o
ptup;<j guods. Mclaughlin*. 777-* Market
j,4-0_CO. ; tNER grocerj' and bar; full value; bar
pain. VcLAUGHUN & CO.. 777% Market et
J1500— 11II.1C route: near the city; esiabllshei
Jiufiir.'*s: Flckness cause of sale. McLAUGH
LIN & CO.. 777^ Market Bt.
jCSO— BUTCHER market: established 25 years
rood location. ilcLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*
Market Ft.
|S»-BE8TAURANT; north of Market et.: bar
pair. - c :~ to Cape Nome cause of sale
Mclaughlin & co.. ~7'j Market at.
A— T77i— SALOON; fine resort; 7 rooms; larg
trade; sickness cau^e of sale; good location
I'acific Exchange. 1016 Market st.
$I2>- CIGAR stcre u«th laundry ofSce and club
room- rood trade; ch«-ap at $200. Pacific BusI
ness Exchange. 1016 Market ct.
j;0O»— CANDY etore. factory and loe-oreac
paricr on Market st.. doing large business
•¦ickn'-ss cause ct naie. Pacific Hzchanea. 101
Market
AN oyster nr.i chop house; downtown loca
tlon; a t:=cp. COWING & CO.. 71» Market tl
GROCERY and t»r: fine location; jrood chanc
for widow. COWING & CO.. 71i Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; fine location; caus«
flcknest; bargain. Cowing & Co.. 71» Market
•Ci5— GOOD corner raJoon and liquor store
value in eiock. LAKE Ss. CO.. SES Market el
Ji0»— OTSTFll nni chcphouM; ladles' roomi
daily recefpta t3> to %z£ BASILS. 8 Eddy si
r^— OYSTER £epot »nd horseradish buelnees;
Uvlrf rooms; rent fiO. 1^< Eddy st.
MAKE your own price— Saloon: good buslnesi
K. W. cor. Harrison and Langton «ta.
SALOON, downtown, near Market OC; rent J(
yet iaor.ta. Airly 12 Flirt «t-
BCSIXESS CHANCES 4JONTIXUED.
J6C0 JUDGMENT for sale to highest bidder— 2
men were adjudged guilty of obtaining by
fraud $600 from a poor old woman; one of the
men Is now occupying a lucrative position aa
tub-inspector in the Custom-house. For full
particulars apply to A. J. MORRELL. attor-
ney In fact -for the woman, 376 Geary 6t.. r. 1.
WANTED — Partner in businees established 24
-cars in Oakland; pays from $400 to $500 per
month: $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of Iose: mu6t be a business man. competent to
keep bocks ocd collect bills. Call or address
Call branch office, Oakland.
BARGALN— Selling on account of Eaetern In-
terests; genteel business on Market St.; clear-
ing $!0 per day: suitable lady or gentleman;
close Investigation BolicHed. 213 Examiner big.
OLD established corner grocery, coal yard,
hay and grain business included, at bargain
to the right party: long lease. Apply corner
Fifteenth and Guerrero Ets.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot^ etc; fine
location: place Is entirely covered and con-
tains S stalls; rent only $15; water free. In-
qulr» WM. HENDRICKBON & CO.. 614 Call
landing. ¦
KEARNY-ST. business: established 10 years;
guarantee profit of $300 monthly; $300; must
nell; receipts J2C dally. 411 Kearny st.
FOR tale— Branch bakery, notion and confec-
tionery store; 111 health cause. Inquire at
21J Fourteenth st.. corner Natoma-
WANTED— An investment south of Market st.;
$3000 to teccxr. mun pay a good income. Ad-
dress M.. box 2634. this office. I
$1SOO— FOR FALE— A finely located restaurapt;
v.-ill clear ?200 per month; owner baa 2 places.
Inquire st ICES Howard st. :
FAMILY liquor store at invoice value; good
location; lease. 501 Market et. .
A~FIRST-CLA6S shoe shop: good prices; good
-work; Fmall stock shoes. 332 Bush st.
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools, Including
florist. 1T24 Central ave. ;
$17n— RESTAtrRANT; worth ftOO; must be sold.
Inquire Call office.
RARE chance-Very valuable cor cigar store
for feale account leaving city. Box Z6..1, Call.
Al GROCERY and bar; no agents. Box 31S5.
Call office. ___
!SS3— CORNHU grocerj' in<i bar; 4 living room?;
account of g'.cknosg. 1111 Howard: no agents.
FRUIT and candy Ft^re: very reasonable; sltu-
au-d near four theaters. Box Ii54. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
A P. RANCH office for Call advertisements and
«ub?cripticns has been establiEhed at 1096 \ a-
lencln ft.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOK SAJL.E.
I »^~ — ¦ ~-
26 ROOMS, central, best In any city $1600
SI rooms; income ?225; rent $100.... $jO0
"0 rooms- boarders: fine lf.wn; residence. .flOOO
14 roome: extra good; worth J1500; full.... JTOO
12 rooms. 2d full: rent $35: nr. Market $350
14 roome; very Sr.e and reFpeetable $1325
Several of &, 9 and 10 rooms; $275 up to $500
—Money to loan; 163 other houses
_ GRIFFIN. T19 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bldg.
50 ROOMS: paying cor.; offices; cheap rent;
price tXOO. WI?;STON' & CO.. 1C26 Market st.
I 80 ROOM?: first floor pays rent; fine corner;
price tXOO. WINSTON A- CO.. 1026 Market.
I FIRKT-CLABS hotel: central location; Oakland;
19 rooms: furnished; rent $10»: elevator serv-
ice. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St.
J125— FINELY furnished house nf 7 rooms and
bath including planp; going to England cause
of sacrifice. Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market et.
ON account of death, compelled to sell roomlnR-
hcuse; N. Market. Cowing & Co.. 719 Market.
$1*00— fG ROOMS; all rented; good location; near
Market: central: rer.t low. BAEIL.E. 3 Eddy.
CARRIAJES ANO WAGONS.
ALL kin-Is of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
AX A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
j cheap. Call at £.32 Mission st.
1 NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
< r.frs s. work & driving hon-es. ISth & Valencia.
j SPIRITUALISM.
' AT Friendship HanTsSTMcAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night. 10c; sittings.
GO to Watson test medium: occult: lucky and
truest. lo?l Market ft., near Twelfth.
MRP. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 12C6 Market St., rooms 15-16.
EARLE. 230 Ellis Et. — Seances Pun. and W€a. ;
readings daily: will leave the city Juno 15.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis Ft.. 10 a.m. to I p.m., Sundays Included.
MRS J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life rea,d>r: Fitting. 81. llfrt Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
, tlons; unite the separated: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
st., near Jor.es.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Eiryptlan
secret- shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; r.pen
Bundays. 1167 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wondprful clairvoyant, card !
reaaer; born with double veil & second sight;
dlap-noses diseases with life readings: L., 50c;
G.. |1; palm & clairvoyant Bit. $1 tO. 125 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 2V. 148 Sixth et., r. 14.
MME RENNER. planet reader, palmist; ladles
only: 2Cc and 50c. . hlh\i Geary, Saratoga court.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. R23
Mission st.. near 4th. rm. 3: 25c up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of o Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings, 25c; no sign.
MME August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1H9 M/sFlon.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 212'A Sixth ft.
MMK. RAVENNA reads lire fluently: business
j ! advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
1 MMK BYBILLE — Crndle to grave; future hus-
land's picture; 25c; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
! CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ser.d to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-Beat-
lng Works. 853-357 Tehama et.; tel. S. 40.
> SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McXIlister Bt. ; phone South 146.
t J^ E MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
- CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
1 J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.7
'4L3 etevenson St.. tel. South ll'S; lowest rates.
; CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
t STRATTON'8. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
' ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
- — COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGB W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAlTcLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
- have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
f without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
tC tO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 19 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. in. G. \V. WILLIAMSON, SI. P.. Managar.
~ DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
a —No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old p'.ates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. GOc; gas given.
'! GFT our prices for painless dentistry before
* going elsewhere. NEW j YORK DENTAL
PARLOR. Sixth and Mission sts.
'" DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Et., on
vacation from June 13 until July L M
- VAN' VROOM — "Painless": eveninps and Sun*
e <3*ys. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 23S Kearny, cor. Bush-
FMU set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
- BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. U41 Polk st.
" DOG HOSPITALS.-
DR. CREEL Y*S C. P. doer soap creates a
emooth, silky coat: for Bale by all dru.glsts
cr at the hospital. £10 Golden Gate ave.
" DR EUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Poet, Fillmore—
e Advice and medicine 75c; cltr visits $1 SO; all
_ animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
t# - DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
t' MCDOWELL'S is the place ta learn dressmaJt-
- ing and ladles' tailoring; eva. class. 103 Post,
t' MMR. REMBERT. DSO Sutter st.. dressmaking
- school; any pattern cut to measure^ .... /
2 S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring rystem taught. 411 Van Neas.
Z PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary st.: flresBe?
made. 5S tip: dresses mode over; perfect fit.
59 ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lagj pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONA1..
THE Pacific Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine. San Francisco. Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (Incorporated under
the laws of California), will open its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
in the evenlns.
Dally clinics, free for the poor, will be held
in the collega building from 9 a. m. to 8:30
P For particulars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building.
SIS Howard st. _ ' . •
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 122C Market st.
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: life echolarshlp. $50; Includes short-
hand, typing. bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, S05 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S04.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher, i
beet system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F~. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST, Secretary, 510 Golden Gato.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
OALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big. ; cat log.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, can-Ing; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $o mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
18 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eMabl. over 10 years; nil kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay St>.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Butter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. hWhi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment OfUce —
Best help. 4U'fr OTarrell St.; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
Norwegian cook with good city references; a
neat Irish second girl, best of references;
competent woman -with a child: Infant f
nurse, capable of taking entire charge, best
of references, city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. \
First-class Swiss cook wishes situation;
best ref. Apply J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter.
YOUNG lady wants situation to do second work
or general housework where the lady would
assist with cooking. Call or address 25A Sil-
ver St^ :.'¦ ; .. : .'-? |
AN exr>erlenced infant's or Invaltd's nurse de-
sires situation in pood family; is willing to do
sewing. Address box 2636, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework in a private family. Please call at
2951 Pine st.
YOUNG nursegirl wishes situation; wafts $10 to
$12. Call or address C32 Elizabeth et., near
Castro.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation as a
pood American cook and general housework.
7 Van Nees ave., near Market st.
YOUNG woman wants general housework In
rmall family: wages $1S. Address B. C, box
19. 1C6 Eleventh Bt.
YOUNG German lady wishes position as house-
keeper or traveling companion. Address MISb
P. N., 1 Fifth 6t., room D7.
GIRL wishes light housework or care of chil-
dren. 17S5B Howahl at.
SITUATION wanted by a girl to do housework
and plain cooking; fond of children; wages
$15 to $20. Call 307 Third st., near Folsom.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl as cook
or general housework: wages $25. Call at
3012V4 Twenty-sixth st. ; no postals.
YOUNG woman wants general housework; city
or country. C51H Stevenson St.. near Post-
office building, bet. Jessie and Stevenson.
WOMAN wafits hr/use cleaning and washing by
the day. Apply grocery store. Twenty-sec-
ond and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
• ket: 200 rooms: 25c to SI £0 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
Every corporation, firm and Individual em-
ploying clerks should have their books ex-
amined by an expert accountant at least once
a year. I make examinations and reports,
open and close books, arrange comprehensive
accounting systems for firms and corpora-
tions. ROBERT K. WARREN. 591 Parrott bg.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family; thorough experience ;¦
ttrlrtly sober; uses no tobacco; not afraid of
work; undeniable references. Address It., SC3
Mission st.
PAINTER, paper hanger and decorator, flrst-
clafs, quick mechanic, with complete outfit,
will work reasonable; city or country; day or
job. PAINTER. 9C6 Folsom St.
RELIABLE young man. 21 years, wishes posi-
tion as assistant bookkeeper or general assist-
ant with established firm; reference from late
employer. Address box 1763, Call offlce.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; sober and industrious: can milk;
best references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth ft., Oakland.
COACHMAN and general man; experienced in
care of horse*, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A. R., 1104 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland. . .
INTELLIGENT young man desires a position
where sincerity and ability can earn fair
wages. Box 2C37. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY, middle-aged German wishes
to l°arn bartending; references given. Box
2C38. Call.
YOUNG man. 19, neat. 60ber, well educated,
wishes position at anything. Address W. K...
GS Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener; sober and
Industrious; understands the care of cows:
best of references. Please address Gardener,
box 2632. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE young man desires position;
offlce preferred; refs. ; exp. Box 2629. Call.
Al ENGINEER and machinist desires situa-
tion; city or country. Box 2633. Call office.
STEADY young man of 21. wishes a position
in cigar stand or store; references from pres-
ent position. Box 2631. Call office. ;>&
YOUNO German desires position; security If
required. Address Box 2630, Call offlce.
A SOBER young man desires employment as
porter in store or hotel. Address New Zea-
land, box 2626. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country: reference. Box 4400, CalL
BUTCHER and meatcutter wishes work In
shep; city or country. Address box 1766, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Wsi
Valencia st. :
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
FINANCIAL,
BOND redemption.— To whom it may concern:
In accordance with law notice Is hereby given
by the Elate of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2. 1900. It will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
• and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of. Utah, pay In full
principal and Interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
issue of three hundred nenotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
areidated July first, 1890. and payable twenty
years from' date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. • The said bonds are num-
bered from one to thr^e hundred.' both Inclu-
sive. *The amount of (money In the hands ol
the undersigned State Treasurer available foi
the purpose of paying the principal Is thre«
hundred thousand dollars . and sufficient tc
pay the accrued interest to July second. 19O0,
and any and all of said bonds not so pre-
sented for payment on the second day of July,
1S00. will cease to draw interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such band:
whenever presented. ' .
All persons Interested in said bonds win
take due notice hereof and' govern them-
selves accordingly.' ;' •
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah.
¦ Dated June first.- 1900. t \ .
EXPERT OPTICIAJfS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071 V4 Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
NEAT flat to let— E. side Dolores, bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth sts. '.second floor; J
rooms and bath; fine view; cars handy. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP Se CO.. Real Estate
Agents, G30 Market st.
100 FLATS, cotlages. etc. A. M. SPECK &
C, 6S7 Market st.
5021 Pine; f.;6r $23 1411 Larkin: f.;4r....$15
808 McAllister; f.; 6r. 23 2529 Post; f.; 6 r 16
793 Haight: c.f.; 7 r. 25 3O.PaBe; f.; 2 r 10
1131 Geary; f.;6r.$32 50 575 Geary; r. f.; 4 r.. 9
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1041
and 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
ELLIS, 741B— Modern lower 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave. corner Polk, 5-room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each. ¦
FINE sunny flat. S large rooms; bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
FLATS. 4 and 5 rooms; bath. Oft Howard St..
bet. 12th and 13th; key at 1626 Howard- st.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny flats: bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931. 1935 O'Farrell/
SMALL flat for rent; furniture for sale; cheap.
212 Van Ners eve. ,q-
J16-SUNNY corner flat of 6 rooms and bath,
above quiet grocery. 110 San Jose ave.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath: all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
$8-UPPER flat. 256 Harriet St.; $7. lower flat,
2>4H Harriet St.. near Sixth and Harrison.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •
FUKMTUHE FOK SALB.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
KURKlTUltB WANTED. \
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
cT1T1^^e1T"&~CoT!~PHONE GRANT 1S5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •
2 head waitresses, city hotels. $25;- 3 wait-
resses, city, 520; 2 waitresses, same springs.
$20; 3 waitresses, resort near city, $20; wait-
ress, country, $23 and found: 4 waitresses,
country. $20; chambermaid, city. $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, city. $17 50; middle-aged chamber-
maid, country hotel. $20; woman cook, small
resort. $30; chambermaid waitress, resort, $25;
4 chambermaids to wait, city and country, $20.
;.. FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child for nice private place in
Berkeley. $20 (2 In family); nurseglrl, $20; man
and wife for private place, $45; ranch cook.
$25; cook, Newman, $25 and fare paid; 6 Ger-
man and Swedish girls, country, $25; nurseglrl
with references, $15; others, C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary St.
TWO more waitresses, new restaurant, $7; 3
more lunch waitresses, same place, -$3 50, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A GERMAN cook. city. $30; hotel cook. GuTr-
neville. $30; 2 German cooks. $25 each: flrst-
cIcbs American cook, $35; housework, Plumas
County $30, 2 In family, see lady here to-day;
San Mateo, $25; Point Reyes. $20, no cooking,
good place: Newman. $20; Bethel, $20; Sono-
ma. $20; Alameda. $25; Rio Vista, $15: Vaca-
ville $20- second girl. Dlxon, $15. small hotel,
fare here; 40 houseglrls, city. $15 to $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
WANTED— Cook, small restaurant, short dis-
tance $35- cook, private family, country. $30;
cook, small resort. $35; 2 cooks, small country-
hotel. $30 each; girls for general housework
in Menlo Park, Glen Ellen, Point Reyes. Bel-
vedere, Los Oatos. Berkeley, Sulsun. San Ma-
& rndU^Ap^o" I^.'^RoI'&t! $ 31°6
Sutter st. :. : ;¦¦ - £J
A LAUNDRESS, $25; 2 chambermaids and as-
sist waiting, $1S. same house: cook, camping
party. $25 to $30: second girl. $20: B0 house
Elrls $25 and $30: cook and second girl, same
house. $30 and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
te 1 * et.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for cooking and
light housework In small family; one who
•would sleep home preferred. Apply Io21 Cali-
fornia St.. upstairs,. after 8 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironera; also girls
to learn Ironing; good wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry. 223 Twelfth at.
BRIGHT young ladles for our advertising de-
partment; $1 50 per day or more, according
to ability. 147 Phelan bldg.
RFSPECTABLE middle-aged woman to do
light housework in hotel. Southeast corner
Seventh and Franklin st3.. Oakland.
PRESSERS. flnlfhers and operators wanted at
M. KIMONOFF'S. 12S8 Market St.; good pay.
WAITRESS wanted for lunch at 834 Bush 6t,
GIRL for light housework and help In store.
2757 Twenty-fourth St.. near York.
EXPERIENCED waist hand and Improver:
come prepared to go to work. 2302 Howard.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard Bt., bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court.
LUNCH waitress. 11 a. m.- to 1 p. m. ; email
, restaurant. 12 Eighth st. ¦
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
S04 Steiner st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$10 to $12. 2125 Union st. .
BRIGHT young lady; outside work: salary;
up-to-date halrdresslng parlor. 1026 Market Bt.
WANTED— Girl for housework; (-mail family.
Apply 973 Sutter st. ,
WANTED— A lunch waitress from 11 to 2 p. m.
619 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Woman of intelligence, neat In ap-
pearance and energetic. Box 2640, Call.
WANTED— Girl for housework; email family;
$10 to U2 a month. 456 Bryant St.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply at 612
Halzht «t.
WANTED— Girl for upstairs work; small fam-
ily^ /
WANTED— A girl for housework; apply be-
tween 1 and 3. 2025 Pacific ave. .
WAITRESS wanted; $6 we - ek. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL to work in rooming house. 855 Washing-
ton st. ¦";-¦.¦: n
WANTED— A strong girl aa chambermaid. Call
at 71S Valencia at. ¦ !¦¦.;•¦;•* <
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call 12 m. at 424
Dupont st.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
EIt'8, 123. Stockton 8t. '
GIRL for light housework wanted. 1044 Ellis
street.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work and assist care of child. 766A Harrison.
YOUNG girl for light work; small family;
wages $10. 423 Sixth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady to do general
-housework and cooking on ranch. 707B Stock-
ton st.
MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman for housekeep-
ing. Twentieth and Shotwell sts., grocery.
GIRL or woman for light housework; good
wages. Call after 2 p. m.. 2S17 California st.
WANTED— Waitress, $15 per month and room,
at 615. Valencia st. -
WANTED— Good alteration hands on suits %nd
Jackets at E. MESSAGER'S. 146 Post et.
WANTED— Respectable German or Swede wo-
man for housekeeping; wages $10. Call C20U
Minna fit., 6 p. m^ ! ¦
WANTED— Girl for; light housework; no wosh-
lng; no cooking: wages $10. 2S03 24th st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
Rhirts. 635 -Valencia 8t. :
APPRENTICES and finishers on coats. 117
Russ st. - ¦ » .
PROTESTANT girl to do general housework in
small family. 1714 Mason St., top flat.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'a overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32^ Fremont.
WANTED— First-class all-around general laun-
dry Ironer (woman preferred) at Stanford
French Laundry. Palo Alto; good wages and
home. . r>
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 609 Kearny, f. 2.
GIRL. to take care of 2 children. 1453 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; steady
work. S54 Folsom st.^ ¦
GIRLS . Bookbindery. 636 Clay street.
TAILORESS. good pantf finisher; best wages
paid. 6H Kearny st., room 16. top floor.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th eta. . - . - -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1W« Va-
lencia st. ¦ • —
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN '& CO.'S....104 GEARY ST
1000 MEN FOR RAILROAD WORK
free fare... ....fee $1. .free fare
FOR SANTA BARBARA COUNTY
100 laborers $2 a day
for track gang, ballasting and rock quarry
FOR LOS ANGELES COUNTY
75 men for track gang $2 a day and up
spikers, strappers, iron car men and laborers
FOR SALT LAKE DIVISION
and different parts of Nevada ani Utah
150 laborers T....J2 a day
for section, reconstruction and new work....
board $4 CO a week
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 rockmen .-. $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
for the coast road .free fare
DO woodsmen. $35 to J45 and board; 100 labor-
ers, rock drillers and teamsters, country, $2
a day, board $4 50 a week; 28 farmers, differ-
ent ranches, $1 and $1 25 a day and board: 20
quarrymen, $2 25 a Oay; 10 quartz miners. $2 50
a day; milkers, choremen, blacksmiths, wheel-
wrights, harnessmaker, vegetable gardener
and others ..-,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
head cook. Bprlngs- hotel, $70; third cook,
springs, $30; baker and pastry cook, resort.
$60; baker, shop, north, $17 a week: cook and
helper, country hotel, $C5 and $25: third cook,
country hotel. $35; second cook. city. $75: sec-
ond cook. Institution, city, ?40; 20 dishwasher,
and kitchen hands, city and country,- $25
and $30 ¦
head waiter, $60; 10 waiters, country hotel.
$30 and $25 :
crew for hand laundry, country hotel, head
laundryman $33, washer $30 and hanser-up
$25; washer, hand laundry, springs, $30; ironer,
Tyler machine, $15 a week ...:
Shampooer for Turkish bath J40
C. R. HANSEJ* &.CO.. 104 Geary.st.
A MAN and wife to make beds and do the
cleaning in a lodging-house, city, $55 and
room; see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., }04 Geary st.
SECOND cook for resort, $40; cook for hotel
in Central America, $50, fare paid: cook and
wife, sprtngs,' hotel. $75: cook for miners, $30;
restaurant cook. $9 to $15; broiler. $60; hotel
cook, country. $45; steward, $15 week; hotel
waiters, $25; dlshvrashers. $25 and $27 50;
second confectioner; t second and third baker;
pantryman and others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
TWO starchers • and ¦ washer for country, $30
and $35; machinist for sawmill. $50 and board;
2 Jobbing blacksmiths for country. $2 and
board; 2 wagon blacksmiths, $3 and $3 50 day;
2 wheelwrights, $2 50 and $3 day; wheelwright
for ranch. $35 and board: 3 blacksmiths help-
ers. $1 50, $2 day and $33 and board; woods-
men of all kinds, $30 to $40 and Increase:
cheese maker, $35 and found; milkers, $30;
2 starchers, {35; milker and butter maker,
private place, $25 and found; milker and
choreman. for resort. $25; teamsters. $26 and
$30 and found; farmers, miners. muckers,
laborers of all kinds, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Salesman for poultry stand In city
market: engineer, stationary, for large dairy
ranch. $35 and board; dairyman, large ranch.
$30, see boss at office; young German, coun-
try saloon, $35; German or Swiss man and
wife for vineyard, $40: ranch cook, Santa
Clara, $23; helper, baker shop, country. $30
and found- blacksmith, country shop. $50 and
found; 2 blacksmith's helpers for farms. $30
and found each; choreman, $25; 6 laborers
around mine. $1 75 a, day. part fare paid; ?
laborers, rock crusher. $25 and found; 6
laborers, brick yard, $30 and found; 50 farm-
ers haymakers, milkers ajid teamsters, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
GARDENER, country. $25; a man to work on
a ranch. Ben Lomond. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, ranch, $40; good place. MIS3
CULLEN, 325 gutter aU
COOK and helper, mining town. $65; fare here;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15t
WANTED— First-class shoe salesman; also a
manager. Apply at the Bee Hive Shoe Co..
717 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable, steady man to drive milk
wagon in llrst-class dairy: $50 and room. 2200
Point Lobos ave.. cor. Eleventh ave.
CUTTER on ladles' wrappers; pood pay and
steady position to right party. STEUER. 103
Battery st. t
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. FINK &
SCHINDLER. 1309 Market St.
FOUR carpenters wanted. HILLS & FISHER,
S. W. cor. Sacramento and Stockton sts.
WANTED— A waiter in restaurant H16 Howard
street.
GIRL tp assist In Ught housework. 1312 Bu-
chanan St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
WANTED— Young men to learn Jewelry trade.
1201 Market st.
WANTED — Steady barber to run a shop. Ap-
ply at 321 Eighth Et.
EXPERIENCED pressman on coats; good pay.
71S Market St.,
EXPERIENCED butcher wanted. Call at S035
Sacramento st.. near Baker.
WANTED— Good waiter to go to the country.
Call at 422 Third st.
BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and Sun-
day. C26 Fourth st.
WANTED— A dl.«liwasher; also a kitchen
helper. Apply 123 Eddy st.. U. S. Restaurant.
.WANTED— First-class bushelman. MARTIN
BROS.. 17 Stockton st.
WANTED— A young man to work In kitchen;
$25. 18 Eddy st.
GOOD barber wanted for Wednesday. Satur-
day and Sunday: wages. 40S',j Sixth st.
BARBER; good extra Job or steady. 11 Sixth
street. j
BRIGHT boy about 16 years to learn trade.
Cirrson Glove Company. 35 Market st.
MAN or boy to rlo Janitor work for tuition at
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
TAILOR wanted for general work. Call before
12. 2132 Mission St., bet. 17th and 18th.
BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and Sun-
day. 1222 O'Farrell st.
STRONG boy as dishwasher; good wages. 419
Fourteenth St.. Oakland. •
FOR sale— Barber chop; 15c and 25c. Twenty-
flrst and Mission sts. : call.
WANTED — A good shoemaker at 635 Commer-
clal st.
WANTED— Boy to learn bakers' trade. 2757
Twenty-fourth Bt.
FIRST-CLASS starch work lrcners at Oak-
land Laundry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth St., Oak-
• land. '
WANTED— Errand boy about 16 years old. D43
California at., near Kearny.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael; telephone red 15.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting-, 25c to
COc. 6E2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires elt to' eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching, this trade;
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed' Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, !17 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
WANTED— Office hand; state refarertfe. experi-
ence ond salary expected. Add. box 17G7. Call.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job". SAM
WITT. 2013 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
GOOD barber wanted at S25 Valencia St.; steady
work.
$135 — BARGAIN; 4-chaIr barber shop; paying
well; 6lckness cause sale. 1542 Market st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; good wages for
¦ steady man. 2140 Flllmore.st.
YOUNO barber wanted from 1 to 2 years' ex- ;
perience. 604 Montgomery ave.
GOOD chief cook wanted. Apply box 2627. Call.
8-CHAIR barber shop for cale cheap. Inquire
BENNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters; apply
early Monday at £27 Fourteenth st.. near
Guerrero. 8. F. Construction Company.
WANTED— Tailor on coats: steady work; also
pressman. 135% Natoma, nr. New Montgomery.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
. married men, of good character, between ths
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, wrlta
and speak English properly. For further ln-
. formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
• Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, CaL. or
B30 K «t... Sacramento. Cat.
WANTED— Man to be generally useful around
| kitchen. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sutter st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at I
. cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and 'green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1*
':¦¦¦ years' practice; Examiner bid?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third ei., near Mar-
B ket; 7C0 rooms,. T5c night: reading room; fre«
. 'bus and baggage to and from* the ferry.
, . . _
LINDELL House, ~ corner Sixth and Howard—
' Booms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN EStS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M .-¦¦•••
7263 men for all parts of California
Washington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands.
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia........
Free fare and offlce fee Only Ji
and no other expenses to Los Angeles ana
Santa Barbara districts; we ship you to-day.
9 a. m. and 6:30 p. m., for S. P. R.R.; la-
borers, teamsters *2 and 12 23 a day
v MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-LOOK...HERE ....ANY. ...HANDY. ..MEN
Can fill this job: 13 laborers, handy with tools,
to build flume. J3O to $40 and found; no toola
needed; company supplies tools.
J SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and woods. $40 and found; fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-FREE FARE CALL EARLY
To Salt Lake City. Utah division Free
Wadsworth, Nevada division Free
Sacramento. California division Free
Western, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
vision Free
Truckee division of California Free
All coast divisions of California Free
Laborers, teamsters, €tc. ; regular wages paid
Offlce fee SI.; Free fare
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A-FOR A BANK SYNDICATE. .YOU'LL SUIT
23 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packlns and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month ana
founJ; a steady Job year round If you are
willing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
also -•;;•
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits, |15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work
in a factory. $3 to J5 a week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters «-, ay
Rockmen »£ day
Laborers $2 day
20 rock drillers * 2 daT -
Free Fare Office Fee SI only
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
..to 35 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
563 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines: wages from J2ii to $40 per
month and found •:
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $75. $?0. $120. $60.
- $50. $40. $30 and found: bS* woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines.
$3. $2 50. $2, $1 60. $1 and 75c cord; shingle
joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers. $2 a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
In fields, header men, etc.. $1 25, $1 60. J2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
....STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS....
GARDENS
13 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $40, $33.
$30. $25 and found ••
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $33, $30. $C0
and found: 5 gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30. $25, $20 and found. COME
SEE
, .......DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different places, $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter-makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found: 5 cheesemakers.
different Jobs, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-63ii Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day. $C0
$70. $45, $33 and found; also 5 helpers, $12 a
week $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers. $3, $2 50 day, $40 and found. $SO and
found; 2 boiler-makers. $3 60 day; carriage and
wagon painter, $40 and found; cooper to make
butter kegs
....S. P. R. R... DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free Fare Offlce Fee $1
,- Section and reconstruction and new work la-
borers. You'll suit. Regular wages
60 laborers, S. P. R. R $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
S5 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit. $40 to $4* per month and found; 23
miners, single hand $30 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; « men and wives for ranches. $40. $33.
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
S65 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 50, $2. $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
FREF/FAJiE.'.'.'.'.".T6'.'.y.'."i;i:\'AVAdTATT£:
50 laborers, no experience required; good
waces; office fee fl..i.
For other positions come down and read
bill beards.*
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
Head waiter, $50, fare paid; 8 butchers. $35 to
$50; S bakers, city and country shops. $40 and
$C0: 33 cooks, restaurants, hotels and board-
ing-houses, ranches. 'etc.. $35 to $60 and found;
¦waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $35 and found
Washers, country laundry $30 and found
Barber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' help-
era $30. $33. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay St.
A— COOPER. $3 day; woodworker, $2 50 day; 6
laborers for mine company, fare tOc, $50 and
found: 12 single hand miner3, fare $2 50. $60
and found
.....Coal miners hard rock miners drill-
ers rockmen h<»mmen>men, $2 23 day....
MURRAY & READY. £34-636 Clay st.
A— $3 60 DAY HAY BALERS $3 50 DAY
Tailors (see boss here)
3 coatmakers. country
S pantsmakers. country
..._ MARRIED HELP
Cock and wife, small hotel, mining town
$30 and found
First, second bakers, country shops. $50, $33
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer.
Remington machine $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— LATEST telephone and telegraphic dis-
patches :
Choreman and wife for mill company
$35 and found
Ship's carpenter, Government «nrk
rf55 and found
Ranch cook. $1 23 fare $40 and found
Steward, restaurant...*... $14 week and board
Bedmaker. etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ERRAND boy for thia offlce. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
""A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
mbscription* has been established at 109< Va-
lenda st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.: auction salss every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 15C0.
5 J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 163S Mission.
HORSES— Young7~well broken, for all purposes,
cheap: best !n city. 721 Howard st. nr. Third.
FOR rale— S extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
1IOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list- houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CITY— 14 rooms: complete; Broadway.
Oakland— 12 rooms; near Lake Merrltt.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET FUBMSHED.
BELVEDERE— Furnished house. Apply room
83. Chronicle bldz.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
room house, completely furnished.
LOST ASD FOI'.VD.
LOST^VV'aich fob made fronV~jlO piece; ln-
¦scrlptlon from employes of the Palace Laun-
dry to H. C. S. Return to 830 Castro St.; re-
ward.
LOST— Pocketbook containing t $0 gold pieces
and a $35 Wella-Fargo Bank check; valuable
only to owner. Finder will please return to
2O'.a California st.; suitable reward.
LOST— Sunday, between Broadway and Hyde
sts., on Unlon-st. cars, a purse. Parties may
keep ir.oney If they will return rings to 1212
Stockton St.. top floor. •:.::
LOST — In vicinity et Twenty-sixth and Harri-
son 8ts., a parrot. Return to 3105 Twenty-
sixth «t. and receive reward.
STOLEN— From Merchants' Exchange on Sat-
urday last, light brown horse and buggy.
Return to JAS. BOYES & CO.. IPS Clay St.
MEDICAL. — — -
MRS. DR. KOHL, only rellable~iadles' specia!-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at offlce, $5;. home In confine-
ment: best .care; consultation free and con-
fidential. 446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 3. Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' tpeclallst; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
102$\4 Market at.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
ha» returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; 4ow fees. 1007H Market St.. near Ith.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yr».
practice: home In confinement;' treatment at
. office. $S; any ailment: consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 042 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; law
scientific methods: treatment. $5. -
Df. James Pierce. 265 O'Farrell. rooms 3 and 3—
Female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
Y S —DR. "WISE & CO., the ladles' specialists.
1113 Market st.: every case guaranteed: »> up.
NICB reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. J012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
easea of the human body. "5 Maaon at.
anscEi.i.A.\Eoi;s — ron sale.
BOILEKS. engines. 2d-hanc! machinery. Me
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-1-J7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, nhowcases. coun-
ters linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits en our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NA.N 1017. 1019. 1021. 1C23 Mission St.. abov»
1 Sixth": write for catalogue.
BEAUTIFUL pair of Shetland Por.l-s; also
single driver; harness and cart. 10(* East
Twenty-first St.. Oakland.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear macninery. en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear gt. «
WAGON for sale— Suitable fcr milkman or
butcher. Apply 1313 Broderick St.. paint shop,
off Geary. .
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J10O; concert records. J2 50. BACIQALLPI.
!>3^ Market St.. San FTanclsco.
A— 13 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. *1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. *20 Kearny at., near Pine.
NEW 20-Iight T. and H. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE. 51S Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and woo*
planers; lathes; id-hard. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bur»-
lar proof cafe; cheap. 42 Main St.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. _
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for J3 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. Z> Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new. and second-hand; movlns
pictures. DL'LLARP & BRECK. 1S1 Post »t.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TOV Fairbanks scale and flro and bura>
lar proof safe. 216 California, at. ¦
SAFE*- New and second hand. THE HER«
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-U1 Market «t.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded stlckrr; I planer ¦ nd «atche'; f 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLAXEOIS WASTS. '.
J'O ALLOWED on old sewing machines for
new. Address box 3193. Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash hTl. WHITKHEAD. 71g Market st.
MOXCY TO LOAN.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in probate can r»-
c»lve cash at once: also Brst or second mort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and,
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing: n<>
charge unless loan Is irranted. EQLITABU-
LOAN CO., room 603, Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay- get my terms before doing business else-
*here. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortKages. estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Ohronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at low-
est ratee Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at IV, per cent: also
loans to ealaried people. HARSHBAHGEB.
2I2 Ellis at., room 34.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable prlvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 535.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donchoe building. 1170 Market st.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st., solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, plnnos, without removal: 'aa
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount A~ency. 143 Phelan tml'dln*.
~~ MOSEY WASTED.
WANTED— $1300 on choice suburban tract; 13
per cent. Address box 2662. Call oClce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS t! BARGAINS! 1 1
J123. 1173. J2C0. K50.
BUY NOW— DON'T WAIT.
MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Market it.
PACKARD PIANOS and ORGANS.
Latest Improvements. Finest Tone.
Most Beautiful Cases. Fair Prices."
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Instruments, if you don't want to pay cash,
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
AS we represent the best make of pianos ta
every grade, frcm Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, S6 cash, {6 per
month: other pianos $3, %\ and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago Is KOHLEP. & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy Uta
customer.
AN upright, good condition, $S3: Decker Bros."
baby grand, a snap, $_S0. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 18 O'Farrell St.; Chickerlng. Stec_.
Vose. Sterling and Curtaz Planes.
FOR Immediate sale— A beautiful upright. 3-
pedal piano; used only a few months: elecrant
case; fine tone; good as new; $100. Room 10.
Flood building.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage ; offers wanted (cash cr ln-
stallments). Wilson^ Storaga Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
SACRIFICED for cash; a handsome upright
piano. $100; sold to close up estate. Roota
12. Flood building.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Hamil-
ton pranos. 205 Post st^ i
STEINWAY upright. $1S3: installments. O. 13.
__ K0: rents J2 up. HEINE'S. 13S Ellis st.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 106 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 203 Post St.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. PCHMIT^ 18
McAllister st. next Hibernia Bank.
\V g BADGER. 41** P.icrarn^nto st., &gcnt for
Francis Bacon and Hallett St Davis planog.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER. maker, tfpairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.Vd~STOHES TO LET.
' t 135-LARGE store; 23 Sixth et. Apply oa
premises. ¦
i LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall oC
• Justice. Court block. PABIN. 413 Kearny st.
PALMISTRY^
i mme! "Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College oC
Palmistry: read3 1 to 3. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
> II JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary & Pngf. phone Black 5S1.
! 7 PERSONALS.
¦ A FREE shampoo & treatment for falling hair
and dandruff with each £0c bottle of New Dis-
covery Hair Tonic; agents wanted. 113 Eddy.
\ USE Llllle Webb's scap. made from California
i olive oils, roots and herbs; 10c at drueglsta;
agents wanted. 110 Stevenson, bet. 9 & 19 a-m.
AN elegant suit for 110 "3 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LKMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
DANIEL CROWLEY. Plma Co.. Ariz.— To your
advantage to address I. E. JAKKETT. Law-
yer. Hearst building.
%2 iO LADIES' shoes for Jl 50 a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market st.. near ThlrdT
CAST-OFF clothing, old pold and silver boueht-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st. '
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
treatment. STJ Market St.. second Boor, rm. 27.
G. D. MORSE, photcirrapher. '6P6 Pacific ave
between-PIerce and Scott; phone Steiner 33oil
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth'nc
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black its.
¦ LADIES' and gents' castoft clothing bought an<i
sold. Sllverman. 93* FoLsoxn, tel. Folaom __,Shipping intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 12.
Stmr China. Seabury, 27 days 15 hours 43
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days
16 hours 31 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days S
hours 30 minutes.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 3Vi daya from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Tillamook, Hughes, is hours from Fort
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 60 hours from Ban
Diego, etc.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 74 hourt from
Stmr' Prorreso. Zolling, 92 hour* from Ta-
Nor stmr Titanla. Gulllkaen, 88 hours from
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 4*4 days from Eureka.
Schr Esther Buhne. Salveson, 9 days from
I Grays Harbor. .
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, 9 days from
Grays Harbor. ~
S«hr Reliance, Larsen, 7 days from Iversens
Schr Philippine. Fredrlcksen. 8 days from
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 6% days from Grays
Sch/'Louis. Genberg, 9H days from Port
Blakeley, .via FUttery.
: Schr La Glronde, Hansen. 9 days from Grays
Schr " Mary Etta, Anderson, 6 days from
Bowens Landing-
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. hours from
San Pedro. In tow of tug Rescue.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June 12.
-Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins* Co. SAILED
Tuesday, June 12.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Fr war stmr Protet, Germlnet. Honolulu.
Br ship Chiltonford. Aitklnson. Queenstown.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, Grays Harbor.
Schr Melanclhon. Olsen. Willapa Harbor.
Sehr Metha Nelson. Isaacson. .
Schr Impossible. Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 12, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy: wind west, velocity 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM. .
Per stmr China, from China. June 12— June 9.
8:25 a ra, met Btmr Gaelic, hence for Yokohama.
Between Hongkong and Shanghai overhauled
and passed Canadian Pacific Btmr Emnress of
Japan, bound same way. Between Shanghai
and Nagasaki overhauled and .passed again
stmr Empress of China, bound same way.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 11-Stmr Al-Ki. fm
Sailed • June II— Stmr San Juan, for Nome;
ship Luelle. for San Francisco. , -
¦ Arrived June 12— Stmr Rosalie, from Skaguay;
Br ship Rhuddan Castle, from Vancouver.
UNALASKA— In Port May —Schr Anna, hnc j
HOTEL ARRIVAI/S.
PALACE HOTEL.
I T Lynch. Menlo Prk
T A Orr. Phoenix
E R Cowles. N Y
J E Chilberg. Seattle
L H Raymond. Mont
D W Morris, Chicago
E H McClurg, N Y
C N Sterry, Los Ang
» H Crinmore, Los Ang
R W Khnmel, Detroit
Mrs Kimmel. Detroit
R H Herron, Los Ang
Urs Herron, Los Ang
M McLeish, Denver .
r L Llllls, Los Ang
I H Gates, Burlington
Mrs Gates, Burlington
E Pelton. Leadvllle
Mrs Pelton. Leadvllle
P N Rucker, San Jose
B Parker, Honolulu
A N Kaporkai. Honolu
C B Wilson. Honolulu
H M Sp wall. Honolulu
ir S Patton, Los Ang
T J Kirk, Sacto
W B Jackson, Colo
L de Bavler. Shanghai
C A Smith. England
Mrs N H Johnson. Eng
B Wells, England
F Leyburn. England
E L Gaylord, Chicago
Mrs Gaylord. Chicago
Mrs F McLauKhlin/Cal
Miss McLaughlin, Cal
G Ade, Chicago
W H Schultz, Batavla
Dr O Graf, Vienna
S M Toplitz, N Y
A K Tlernan. St Lake
A M Henry. Detroit
Miss E Henry. Detroit
J F Bauton. China
F C Wilford, China
E Crawley, Australia
F H Lamprecht, 111'.
B F Korus, Wash
L H Graham. London
Dr E Lodge, Detroit
Mrs Lodge, Detroit
Mrs A C Clarke. N Y
Miss Clarke, N T
A E Blake, Japan
Mrs Blake. Japan
Mrs M Robertson, Chgo
M T Riedeman. Hmbgr
O L Spauldlng Jr., USA
T R Beal. N Y <
Miss Beat. N Y
C G Hall, England
Dr Glogner, Germany
Dr Baumann, Germany
A M Henry, Germany
Miss Henry. Germany
Miss E Henry, Germany
fir G Goldie, England
Mrs M Boyflea,- China
Mrs M Stephenson. Chi
E A Williams. N Y
E A Wilhelm. N Y
H T Oxnard. Oxnard
J B Garber, Berkeley
Mrs Garber. Berkeley
J A Chanslor, Los An*
J A Chauslor, Los Ang
V\ L, Boutleman. N Y
J Matsumato, Toklo
Y-Maklta, Tokio
H A Siegel, N Y
RE Hastings. Detroit
R Berens, London
J T Milllken. Colo
Mrs Milllken, Colo
F W Atkinson. Mass
Mrs Atkinson. Maas
F M Seeler. Portland
Mrs Seeler. Portland
J R Provost. S Jose
Mrs Provost, S Jone
H M Merriman, USA
Mrs P B Fraser. Stkn
» R Bradshaw, Mo
L M Herman. Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
J M Battee, S Jose
W H Nichols. Cortland
J d'Alescandro, Cal
C L Reynolds. Cal -
W Arnell. Ventura
Mrs A C McNealey, Cal
Miss Lansley. S Barb
H H Patterson. Cal
J W Demincr. Hornbrk
J ¦ E Bell. Mass :
A J Hudson, Fresno
T F Savage, Los Ang
P F, Wood. Tulare
Miss Gwlnell, Illinois
E H Wlnship & w, Cal
J B Gunert, Wisconsin
M Burk. New Mexico
F . Malory. Alameda
L FJ- .Winkle,* Cal ..*
W St John. Des Moines
Mrs J M Kulia. Honol
C E'Jennlson. Bay City
W- B Austin, Stockton
J McCudden, Vallejo
Miss McCudden, A T alleJ
J R Wlllmott & w. Cal
|Dr Gallagher, Mllwauk
J M Lawson, Seattle
R D Montrose & w. Cal
C Jewett & ram.Guate
mala
Mrs J P Nash, Modesto
J Ross Jr. Sutter Creek
H T Tittle. 3 Barbara
J H Carroll. Cal »
C ¦ Humaston, r Cal •
E C Inns, S L Obispo
C B Smith, Stockton
Mr Nafzlger. Los An(r
L M Hancock. Nev Cty
H O Archibald. L Ane
F V Flint, gacto
J B Sanford,\Uklah
N H Jack & w, Stcktn
W M Manton.; Honolu
W W.Worthlnir. Stcktn
J- Menrer. Chicagro
Henry * Brown. \ Napa
A J Larson, Lodl
Continued from Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
•RT.AT, j ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William H. and Man* L. Jordan to Llllle
Llndo. lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 275 N
of Clement street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John T. and Annie Mabey to George F. Lyon.
lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue. 250 S
of Clement street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
John W. and Hannah McDonald to Louis
Ltpman, lot on NE corner of Nineteenth ave
nue and K street, E 57:6 by N 100: *10.
Jane L. Stanford, Ariel and Katherine B.
Lathrop to Charles G. Lathrop, lot on NE
corner of Wayland and Girard itreets, E 120
by N 125, block 5. University Md Survey: $5.
Erik and Mary C. Boea to James R. and
Annie M. Qulnn, lot on W line of Crane street.
200 N of Salinas, N K by W 100, block 5,
Garden Tract; $10.
Horace G. Platt to George W. and Mary
Dflrnan, lot on SW line of Theresa street. 4S0:6
NW of Mission, NW 50 by SW 100, block 6,
Academy Tract: $10.
Bridget Carr Shirley (Carr) to John Pforr.
lot on S line of Berkshire street. 23 W of
Clinton. W 25 by S 100. lot 7. block 5. Mission
and Thirtieth Streets Extension Homestead;
$10.
Jcseph and Sophia Fassler to Richard An
drews, lot on S corner Huron and Niagara
streets. SW 237, SW 240. NW 237, NE 240, lots
1 to 3. block 3. West End Map 1: $10.
William and Mary Schilling to Meyer Suter
and Sophie Herrinston (wife of Charles), lot on
W line of Beldeman street 100 N of Ellis, N
23 by W 90: J10.
Robert Plasberi? to Marie Plasbers:. lot on
W line of Scott street. 110 S of Sutter. S 27:6
by W r 137:6: gift. .'
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Mary J. Dolan. lot on S line of Pine street.
187:6 W of Lyon. W 27:6 by S 100: J10.
M J. and Sarah H. Blackman to Benjamin
¦Slayers lot on S line of Oak street, 37 :S W of
Shrader. W 60 by S 100. quitclaim deed; *5.
Benjamin and Emma Mayers to Isaac Eliaser.
H Francis Anderson and Beatrice M. Ander
son to J. C Reis. lot on W line of Maple
street, 64:0Vi S of Jackson, S 4,:S by W 117:9;
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Emily
J Bell lot on W line of Shotwell street, 65
Sof Twentieth, S 32 by W 1*2:6; *«*>.
Same to Samuel R. Chamlee. lot on W line
of Capp street, 170 S of Nineteenth, S 4a by
W 122:6; $3000. si; '^>
Frank R. Prince to Abraham R. and Mary
E Poole lot on NW corner of Seventeenth and
Church streets. W 49:3 by N SO; $10.
Nelson Thompson to' Frances M. Thompson,
undivided one-sixth interest in the following:
Lot on E line of Howard street, 95 N of Twen
ty-fourth N 30 by E 122:6: also lot on E line of
Alabama street.- 7S N of Twenty-fifth. N 26
by E 50; also lot on W line of Ltah street, 200
S rf£ Center. S 25 by W 100; also lot on E line
of Columbia (Florida) street, 140. S of Twenty
fifth. S 45 by E ICO; $10. _;.
Mary Dailey (wife of William) and Edmund
J and Robert Wall to Lena B: Wall, lot on
.X line of Twenty-seventh street, SO W of
Church. W 26:S by N 114; $10.
Eleanor B. (or Lena B.) Wall to W. F. Wil
liamson, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So
ciety (owners) with W. B. Anderson contractor,
architect Hermann Barth. all work for a one
etory brick building, with basement and attic,
on NW corner of Laguna and Waller streets,
N 34 by W 48: J3215.
Cannery Opens for the Season.
OAKLAND, June 12.-The F. B. Hood
Canning Company of Emeryville com
menced operations this morning with
about 20 employes. The management ex
pects to Increase its force within a few
days to 500 hands. Apricots and cherries
are now being put up by the cannery.
Berkeley School Buildings.
BERKELEY, June 11.— The Town Trus
tees will hold a special meeting Thursday
evening. The principal business will be
the consideration of sites for new school
buildings, authorized by the recent bond
election. They will also consider the im
provement of the thoroughfares between
Berkeley and Oakland.
Wrote to Cronje.
BERKELEY. June 12.— John E. Boyd.
the expressman-author and well-known
character about town, is In receipt of the
following letter:
POSTOFFICE. Island of St. Helena. May 18,
1300.— John E. Boyd. Berkeley Cal.: A letter
sent by you to General Cronje. a prisoner of
war. was received at this office. Under in
structions from the Home Office no foreign
mail can be delivered to any rebel prisoner. •
Your letter will be returned to you on receipt
of four, pence halfpenny to prepay postage.
Very respectfully,
GEO. H. HILLEBRAND,
Her Majesty's Postmaster.
Soon after Cronje's imprisonment Boyd
wrote a letter of sympathy to him.
FARMER HOGREFE IS
WARNED TO DESIST
OAKLAND, June 12.— The members of
the Board of Supervisors paid an official
visit to-day to Crow Canyon, the scene
of conflict between rival factions of farm
ers. It was seen by the county officials
that G. N. Hogrefe. against whom com
plaint had been made by a number of his
neighbors, was violating the law by the
manner in which he was obstructing the
county road near his ranch.
Hogrefe was cautioned that if he per
sisted in damaging or obstructing the
highway he would be prosecuted. No fur
ther trpuble is expected. -;.*",
HATWARDS, June 12.— William Griffin,
a young man employed at the Haywards
cannery, has been arrested on a charge of
burglary. He is accused of breaking into
the Richelieu saloon and stealing a quan
tity of liquor and cigars. No money was
stolen because of the inability of the thief
to find the cash-box. A piece of wearing
apparel said to belong to Griffln "was
found In the saloon the morning after the
burglary. The young man was placed
under surveillance and taken into custody
on complaint of A. G. Ldndberg, proprie
tor of the saloon.
SUSPECTED SALOON
BURGLAR ARRESTED
LEITH— Arrived Jure 10— Br ship Clacfcaan
nanshire, from Oregon. —
JUNIN-In port May 21. ready for aea-Cer
ship Wilhelralna. for Vancouver.
DtTNGEXESS— Passed June li— Br ship SU
bernorn. from Hull, for San Francisco.
BEACHY HEAD— Pass*^l Jane »— Br snip
Ilali. from London, for Vancouver.
HONOLULU— Arrived May »-Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Yokohama. May 30— Stmr Czar-
Jna. hence May 10. May 31— Schr Halcyon.
from Eureka. Jun» 1— Haw ship Star of Italy,
from Newcastle..- Aus. June 2— Br stmr Wye
neUi. from Tacoma. June 3— Bark Hesper. from
Newcastle. Aus: jchr E K Wood, from Ta
coma. June 4— Stmr China, from Yokcharna:
stmr City of Fekins. 'hence May I?.
i>ail?«l May 22 — Jap stmr Honstltonjr Mam. for
Pan Francisco. May 3D— Bark Ceylon, for San
Francisco. May 31— Rr stmr Carlisle City, for
Pan Diesro. June 2— Bktn John Smith, for Port
Townsend.. June 5— Stmr City of Peking, for
Yoknh.im.1.
II I LO— Sailed Mav 25— Haw bark Santiago, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 23— Bark Annie Johnson, hence
May V).
In port May 31— Rktn S G Wilder, bark Mar
tha Davis and Haw xhip Falls ct Clyde.
KAHULUI— Arrived off port May 31— Schr C
S Holmes, from Seattle, for Kaunakakai.
In "port May 31— Bark Carrotlton. whr r>>ra
Bluhm. schr Olgra. schr Ottlllie Fjord, schr
Emma Claudtiva. ship S D Carlton. ship Emily
Vaiied June 3— Ship S D Carletcn, for San
Frareiseo. ,-;;.. ..'il''
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 12— Br Btmr
Manauense, hence June .«.¦',;:»
OCEAN STEAMER?.
XEW YORK— Arrived June 12— Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool: stmr Lahn. from Bremen.
Sailed June 12— Stmr Actoria. for Glasfow.
Arrived June 12— Stmr Philadelphia, from
Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH- Sailed June- 12— Stmr GrmA
Wai Jersee. from Hamburg for New York.
SYDNEY. N?W— Arrived prior to June 12—
Stmr Alamedi; from San Franciso. etc.
LIZARD— Passed June 13. 4:2-1 a m— Stmr St
PauJ. fr-am New York, for Southampton.
April 9: schr Carrie and Annie, hence April 14:
schr Francis Alice, from Seattle: schr P J
Albers. from Seattle; schr Abbie F Morris,
from Seattle: stmr South Portland. . from Se
attle.
MEXDOC1NO— Arrived June 12— Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 11.
Sailed June 12— Schr Rio Rey, for San Fran
cisco."
SOUTH BENT>-Salled June 12-Scfcr Chur
chill, for Melbourne.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Arrived June 12— Br ship
Rnuddan Castle, from Esquimau, for Tacoma.
Suled Jun». 12-Stmr San Juan, ' for Cape
Nome.
Arrived June 12— Br stmr Queen Adelaide,
from "iokohama
SAX PEDRO— Arrived June 12— Stmr VT H
Krug^r. hence June 10
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 12-Stmr
Navarre, for .
Arrived June 12— Haw stmr Aztec, from Xa
naimo.
¦HOfDA LAXDIXG— Sailed June 12— Schr
Neotune, for Newport (S).
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 12— Br stmr Car
lisle City, for Pan Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 12— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco. *
CASPAR— Sailed June li-Stmr Cleone. for
San Franc!.«k-r>.
USAL— Arrived June 12— Stmr Point Arena,
hence June 11.
CM PQU A— Arrived June 5— Schr Lily, hence
May CJ.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed May .'.* - r S stmr
Wheeling, for Ur.alafka. June 12— Jan stmr
Nippon Maru. for San Francisco. May 12— Schr
Eric, for Port Townsend.
Arrived June 11 — Br stmr Empress of India,
from Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived June 10-Bark
Abby Palmer, from Adelaide.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed May 2>-Br ship
Beechbank. for San Francisco.
QTTEEXSTOWX— Arrived June 11— Br ship
Crown of Denmark, her.ee May 22.
Sailed Juno U— Br ship Roby, for Runcorn;
Fr bark Jules Verne, for Runcorn.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 11— Br ship Bourbaki,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1900.
11
BOO3IS FOR UOCSEKEEPIXG.
FOLSOM. S24— Larpe sunny bay-window room:
kitchen; ty.th; private; $3: also 2 others. $2.
FOURTH, ra— Nicely furniEhed housekeeping
rocms; also single.
$9— FRONT and back parlor: also single front
rocm. $4; private family. 320 Fifth st.
GOLDEN GATE. 262— Housekeeping: sunny
front alcove: elegantly furnished; $12^
HARRISON. 731— Three rocms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. ZZ3 — 2 large, sunny rooms for house-
keeping; running water; terms reasonable.
HOWARD. O>— A fmnt room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping. ; -.-;
HYDE. 410— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; also other rooms.
JESSIE. 273. near Fifth and Market-House-
kegplng rooms. V. •
MA RKEtTiSJR— Large sunny alcove and kitch-
en, J10; kitchen and bedroom furnished. V-
MeDERMOTT place, 1, off Jones, bet. Eddy
and Turk— Two sunny housekeeping rocms.
PIERCE. S15. near McAllister — Nicely furnished
rooms. Fim.itii* fcr liBht housekeeping; use of
piano; parlor; phone; private family.
I rROSPECT place. 1^, oft California, nr. Pow-
ell— 1 nr 2 rooms and kitchen. $10 to $15; ma-
rine view; sunny: no other roorners.
.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite,
$11; running water, bath; other rooms.
SOUTH PARK, ;S4— Two sunny front rooms;
" nicely furnished for housekeeping.
.
TEHAMA, 44 — Two front housekeeping rocms.
THIRD, 362-Niceiy furnished housekeeping
rooms. $1 50 week; single front rooms $3 mo.
VALENCIA. 634^± — Housekeeping rooms; sunny
front room; connecting kitchen; furnished;
bath; J12 ». :
; VAX NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. J12 to $18; single rooms for lady and
gentleman or 2 gentlemen. $< to $12 CO. : -• :" . ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 23M Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Lnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night, tl 25 to J3 per week, and
* light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
1 nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. MS— Nicely furnished rooms at
i rea£onable rates.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 2O4H. rear— Nice, sunny, furnished cor-
ner room; chear.
FOLSOM. 9€5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
sunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
, FOLSOM. &€5. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reaacnbl.
FOURTH. 2T2H— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; moderate; quiet.
GEARY, 495 (The Na\-arre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom' dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., S»£— Travelers accommo-
dated: suites or single; 25c per night up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading rpom; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.-Select
family rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 64A— Sunny newly furnished rooms,
from $1 23 to $2 50 per week.
HOWARD, 9SS. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day week or month.
HOWARD. 529 — Rooms from II week up to $3;
25c to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, TurK and Taylor.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1C15 Market-Nicely furn.
rms.; 25c night, up; $2 week, up; transient.
OAK. 54 — Two runny unfurnished rooms; sta-
tionary tubs; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle; transient: running water; rates reduced.
ROEEDALE House. 31? and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1: week, $1 23 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. IK Ellis et.— Incandescent
light, reading rocm, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 3oc to $1 50; week $3
to $S; month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. K Eighth «t..
rear Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 620— Sunny front rocms; single
cr double: light housekeeping. .
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGKES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S5 Va-
lencia St. .;'-.-.!.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 807— An excellent opportunuFto
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rates families: sunny rms,
en suite cr single: best table ln San Francisco.
MARKET. 1043A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with first-class board; double. $10 wk.; single,
$23 mo.; modern: elevator; table board. $4 wk. ;
meals. 25c. MRS. M. .C. ROBINSON. Prop.
' THE BRADBURY, 1604 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table; 100 beautifully
furr.ished rooms: moderate; phone Hyde 277L
I TWENTT-SIXTH. 5377. nr Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
| board, at very reasonable prices.
I LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms,: private: bath: sin, rms.; board optional.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE- Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1599:
Elizabeth Ault. aged 10 years; Margaret Ault.
6 years; Hazel Wilkie. 10 years; Lydla WU-
kie, 8 years: Ruth Wilkie, -7 years; Irene
Valder. 9 years: Loretto Duran. 7 years; Mad-
eline Duran, 6 years; Ray Croall. 8 years;
Otiila Bank, 6 years; Gertrude McClellan,
S yearn.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 413 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 *tb; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
STABLES TO LET.
£5 STALLS, cheap; suitable for express or milk
depot: this month's rent free. 2S3O Mission 8t.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storags and moving: covered
. vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 763.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 723 Mission St.,
tel. Main 1540— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post et.. cor. Powell; tel.' Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
panz. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
G^ST?^A^^AlNS~IN~?fY3'ETVRITERi— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 16i.
DIVIDEND XOTICES. '
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 80 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutehinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 317 Market Ft., on and after Wednes-
day June 20, 1500. Transfer books will close
en Thursday, June 14, 1500. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 10 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 227 Market St.. on and
aft'r Friday. June 15, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. June 9, 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1. 2. 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
*$3S0O— TO close estate; ¦ corner lot 113x130; In
Berkeley; near Ash by station and 1 block
from street -car line; with Improvements;
bouse 8 rooms and bath; large barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD HOEGE-
MANN, 100 Montgomery Bt, Saa Francisco.
MrTBiaii pActvio cobpact.
(rACinc at.vrBM.)
Trnlm !•»»• •»»•• J»r«> •*•••• f •• mrrlf n«
MAM rllA.^t'IN««».
{i!v:! Li:.?. Foo: of Market Street)
uati — r»oM Mat 13. 1300. - *a»rr»
•7:OOa B-iiicii. Sulr.w, Elmin. VicitC^.
U c ¦ :: « y »D»l -^»« smarten *7i 4 3»
•7:OOa Shasta KioreEj-Uaria WiUiaaa (for
Bar-ir-t . J ;r.:.*s). Willows. Hod
Biufl. PDrtianil *7»«a»
•TiSOt V vu-r>». >i-> i:*.ii.--n.V«J>ju. l'.*i%.
CaUateaaaactttaata Kosa *SilSr
'S:OOa DkN. Woodland. Knight* Landing,
Wiilltilie. nrnti;:*- •7*«3»
•*:««* Atlantic iirT.-jx- • e-I-^«> ac 1 Kv«t *ll:O«
•»:;;<>» Hut .1 M-. l.jt-r::-...r.-. fttockUm.
I01-.9. .-.vr»-ii.-iit". PlacrrtUla,
Mar;t»UI», Ctaico, IU.1 Blu.7 •l:Ilr
•A:SO* O«k'!»"-. Chines* (fcr YusemttaX,
ft. :.«>r* Carters. ««:13r
•O:OO* Hajwan!*. 3COM >nd Way Stationa. M 1:1.1*
•t»:DO* Leg Argtlea Expien — M*. -i^n,
Tracy, Lathrop. .icackton, Mereea
tud t'rtmo # «s«3*
V»:.I«t ? V 4 !|..i... Martiaez sad Way Sutloa* *0:«.1p
• IU:»u> Tiir urerUml Limited— Ogden. L>ea-
Ter.Oi.--.Bha. fhiem«<>.. # 8«l»»
"1I:OO» Nil-s. I.!-hi:-i< re. citoekton. H»cr»-
m-tif M-T.il.;-*. il&uford. Viaall*.
PcrtrtTiila Mtl.1»
•I «:on-4 JUj*uAi. Niles and Way Stations. *'2iltP
tl:«M»p b».rt.iir..>.. lUtor 8-«.iiiol« iS:OI)«
•X:»ar il*j««'-'. Nil-* »:..! Way Statiooa. *S:4Sf
•Irtiiir MaitiMx, Kan lUuiou, Vall«!a.
Xivi, (.'a!l>tiipt. S .i.:a Kou »«il »»
•IrlHir Brnicia, TTtutCTS. .S»ct»iu«n*3,
Wi).i.:i*,iI, Xi>l s tU Xjtndiui.
U»ry*Tille. i- fl .T::> MO:ia*
•Ji3<»r Nile*. «an Ji.«o*tiJ Stnclion "7:1»»
•.VottFlln Owl Limited-Tracy. Fraaao,
' lUHerxii-!:<l. .-»i!(jn» "ji 3anta Bar-
bara, I- i An(t;I«s *»:I3*
•3>00r Fresno rtis-r.;;r— MirUnri, L»th-
rop. dtocktoa. llrrri!.!. li«read*
(Kaymocd for Vcesrni'r), Vnwa.. *13:l3r
•3>3Or Kew Jii-trr Express— UakentlelO,
HuU Barbara. Li>a Anftlcs. Dam-
isi. El Faao. Maw OrlsaisS and
Eaat •».«»
•liMMiul. r« Uoute- AUanUa Kipreu
for Moj»t« an<I Ka*t *«:l3p
•R:O9p Hay wards, Milei and -laa Joa* *7i4«*
t«:OOr Val^J.» # iail3»
•tisOOr Oriental Mail-Ogdea. Cbeyenn*. \
Uraaha, Cblcsco M '11H»4
•«:«Op Ori«utal .M»ii— c>g lea. DetiTm.
O;r.*:.i. Chica<u *•»!»»
(TtOOr VallcjM, Tu>t lit* and Way Sta-
ti»u*. t*<33r
•1iO3r Ore»"ii »;; ! (V.IT fii v V.xfTttm, Hae-
mineittx. 'Itrjiiille. Ci.l II114.
lV»rt;<i».t. I'Mt.t .s I ,,,,| rul '31134
CO4vr l»lVlsio:<t PImtvw fiaagtJL
< fecit of Market Streat. I
J7i43* Eant» Crn> Exeunion for Kaota
Cruz ar.<l itiscipaS Way 3ta:ion» t<i«3r
*ttt3a N««r»rM.'ent»-f«i.:e,Ma>i.1r>»e. Felton.
Siou'der Creak, HanlaCrusaud TV' ay
8utk».a ••:»•#
tStISp Nawuk, C»MU-t»i!>. 8»ii Jnas, New
Almadan, Fvlton, 1'onMer Ore«k.
8auU Crux and l'rtaripal Way
S:atioi.s !••>*••
•l:15r Newark. Man Joaa. !/.i Oatos •«:.¦*•*
a4:ISp GlgnwoOM. Felton. a*wta> Cr« «»:3«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friaSti rgiXUSCtt-M«l -' Msrkat l'.nil{S:ii I)—
•Ml »oo iioo*. d. h-:j •;:: t3::j
•»:S3 I6.-C3 •«:Wr.«.
fits 0U!.»>3 — r m •' 2rjia<t». — "8:00 9:00 10.00 1. K.
t!3:C3 «I:C3 {2:S3 ; 3:C3 tt:CJ 'SZZr*.
CO4ST DlttSKH iRros-Uanie).
(ThifJ ai,<l TownseiiJ Sts.)
t«sl«* Oe«a» View. South On Kraociseo.. !«:*•»
t7:O»« San Jom *•.<) Way .SUtiutia (New
A'iuadcn \7eilu«iiUys ouly) •!:*»»
J7:S9* Sanday £xcun!oa Ir Saa Joml
Santa it::. Pacific Giot« aad
Principal Way Stations {StSS*
••'Oil* Han .Ion.-. Tr« 11t>oa. Hauta Cm*,
Paeitte (Ixotc l'»w Itubiea, 3»ii
I.uia <>l>U|io. Knrf, Lompoc and
rrindpal Way 8Utlo»i # l:IOp
•ISilO* Saa J <> M and Way SUtiona. •«t33*
•II-.3H, .-,»iiJoie.Lo,Gato»*ii.l\v»,si»'.ior.« *3:3»p
t»: I"»r San Matco. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Pato Alto. SanU Clara, 8a» Jixa,
Tres Pines. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey ami TaeiSc Oro*« MOjHl»»
tSi30p 5<an Joaa and Way Stationi *7:S»»
t l:l.1r S»f!j<i»»n.i Prir.-:r%l Way Statlona ••Jsl.1t
f3:0or Sio Jose, hot Gairs and PriodjaJ
W»y SUtioot t9i«O*
•3:3«r .SacJniA an<t Principal Way 3utlons t<:334
•«:3Or San Josaand Way.Ssalion t«s«<»*
«»l:l*»r San .Icur xu .'¦ Way >•.-¦). 1:11 *ZlM9w
A for Morning P f o» A ttotnooa.
• Daily. t fJnnrtay cxrepted. J Sunday ontj.
fc Saturday only,
a Satur !*T p.r X >•:• ' :r c -um'.iT aad Mor.(!»»
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sousallto Ferry.
, Cotntnenelns April 2*. 1308.
FROM SASI FRANC13CO TO UILX. VALLTt
AND BAN RAFAi^.
WEEK DATS— T:CO, "3:30, »:S0 11:00 a. ia.i
12HS. 1:45. J:15, 4:15, •3:13, 1:11. 1:40 p. a.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley andT8a»
Rafael, oa Mondays. Wednesday*. Saturday*
and Eundays. at 9:00 and 11* o. co.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, •»:(». rirOO. »li):00. U:00. U^»
a. m.; 12:45. 1:30, J:30. •3:45. S:00. 1:00. 12*
p. m.
11:04 a. m. does not run to Saa Kafa«I 3ua*
days.
Tralss marked <•> ran to Baa Qtzentta.
FP.OM SAN RAFAEL. To'g^N FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— i:3i. *«:20. 7:Z0, 8:40. 10:14 «.
O.: 12:J0. 1:15, ::13. '3:30. 4:30. 3.20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Alcndars. V/eda^sda^a
and Saturdays at *<:43 and 10:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:ti. *S:0O, *i:5S. *ll:«Oa. m.; •11:0a
m.; 1:CO. 8:13. •3:30. 4:S0. •3:*3. «:45. 7:30. 10 J»
p. m.
Trains narked (•) start from San Qcentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAS FRA.VCI3CCX
WEEK DAY3-£:S3. «:C. 8:00. 5:i5. 1S>:3O a,
tn. ; 12:33 1:45, 2:43. 3:CC. i:ZQ. i:St t<- -«n. ¦
EXTRA J ?«UP3 on Mondays. WedaesJaxa
and Saturdars at 7:10 and 19:» p. m.
BUNDAT3-«:33. S^3. »:05. U:D a. n.; U:H
l:J0. 2J0. S:43. 4:S3. «:13. 7.05. 10:3) p. m.
* THROUGH TRAlNa
7:00 a. m. week dar» — Caaadero and way ata>>
jfl5 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way at*.
Uons
4:15 p. m. we-kdays (Saturdays exeepted>—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Suadaya— Cazadero and wajr «ta-
Uona.
13:45 p. ta- S-ndiys— Po!=t Rejea aad wa/
atatisoi. / MWrffi
PEUSOXALS.
LEDERER, the up-to-date hairflrtt^
Has e'eeently refitted his parlor!
L l , 6 ,j;^' , the ne »''«t place in town.
Ha.nlrPs-=ir.K enly Ijc. though.
Quir.tcnlca hair tonic. S3c bottle,
roamo Shampoo. 5c package.
Indifpesgable articles. 123 Stockton/ et.
*2£to LYSIS positively enred. also nervcas.
Th-J? a \<~ s - lll6tas es. rheumatism ossiflca-
ticn and rtinr joints; n .j dru K s; r.o knife. DR.
rWn^T RA V ON - BW-6W Patron bids., over
craponj.a. jg a i. r aacisco; consultation free.
3 h'r. < i r: \ IC _. i ** h ts in ev*ry room— Winchester
'¦2~V~ H rT fc;r<1 "- Pear Market: 100 rooms;
Jl". 1 " P" "! K ht; " 50 to M per week;
-11__?-^ 5 ar ' 3 tessagg to a=d frcm the ferry.
f ,j r tb * XE1V SCIENCE OF HEAL-
!! nl 'P. WTTHOCT OPERATIONS: cnnsulta-
Uon free, pp.. WM, BCHMITX 5ZJ Post st.
""Ll'-PRESS r.r.d o7ther suits b.ousht* aiso eld
gold. Portland Lean Cfflr-e. 13 Stccktsn st.
HAIR quickly cur!c<l cr wavTd br using XaH
<-ctt s Curling Fluid: CCc bottle; Amczifts.
PHOTOGUAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
V. i: lean kriaks fre«; ph~to supplies. Hack us
f~<i:r. ii n«-ary st.. ground floor.
PHYSICIANS" AXD SLRGEOXS.
MR. C. C. O'DOXXEI-L-Ofnct and residence.
__V_;iH Market ft.. b«»t. Sixth end Seventh.
UUAL SSTATU— CIV1 — FOH SALE.
HASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S MARKET STREET.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
BEATTTtFtTL XEtV HOME.
C50 cash— Balance Installments at 6 per cent;
*-rooni fcoi^e. porcelain tubs, birdseye
cmple tiled mantel, doir.e cellngs. 2 bay-
¦w:nioTT5. iron fence, consent and steps;
every modem tar rovement ; en. Dolores
etreet.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
PAYS OVER IS PER CENT.
$3000— Reduced frcm 14000; 6 flats of 4 and S
rooms; let Z2:'ix'Z ft.: Clara St., near
Sixth; rents H7 per menth.
PATS 12 PER CENT.
tOOO— Lerkla et.. rear Bush: S fine, well-built
Oata; rents JC5 Dcr rrosth.
"WALK2NQ DISTANCE OF MARKET AND
KEARXT PTS.
J^S*— Le*ve=worth Ft.; 2 flats 5 aad 6 rooms
tEl bath; fine ccr.iltlon, two frontages.
MAKE OFFER.
SCT50— Hests K00 per annum; X modern flat* or
6. C, 7 rocms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet.
OPPOSITE PROPOSED PARK PANHANDLE.
?TT55 — Rent* $S7t per annum : I well-bollt flats of
7 roorr.a and bath; £2x137:6 ft.; on Fell
Et., BQBS7 Elde.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$6000 — Eleexct modem rertdenoe cf 8 rooms and
bath and basement: every modern im-
provement; porcelain tubs, etc.; best
block on gcott at.
EHERIDAX-STE5ET INVESTMENT.
C5C0— Lot rSxlPO; a flats and rear house; rents
S3 I>er ncr.th; bitumen street.
EAETON. ELDRTDGE & CO..
£2S Market street.
BALDWIN It HOWELU
10 MONTGOMHHT STREET.
MARKHTT-STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall: IT::'xl37:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only S13.50C. .
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several cholc* lots ca this thorcufhfare at
rr.oderate prices and on ea;v terms; get particu-
lars at ofSce.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$T7.5G0 — PariSc-are. residence; elegant modern
residence; 17 rooms. 2 baths: all arrangements
for *n up-to-d«.te home; lot 37:€xl22.-6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$37,S0C«— ThJrd-?t. corner; I»7:€xl37:6; store aad
Cat*; pood improvements; rents C50.
$37.&V— Folsom st. ccrner; manufacturing dis-
trict: 3 frcctaces: rests $170: lot 100x87 :t
111.000— Rent* $113; Castro-et. corner; atores
end flat*; lot EOxSO.
AX OFFER WANTED.
$r-&-P.!teh St.: E Cats; rents $42 50; lot 22xS0.
IC0O»— Rents $C£: Natoma st.. near Sixth: coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
J2T5-5— Ricimcad district; entirely new; 2 cot-
taees; znoittn. fa every respect; easy tenns.
$3350 — Sancet district; 1 handsome new mod-
era residences. ju« completed; 6 rooms and
t*th and basement; let 15x1^0; easy terms.
$11.000— Pine st.. near Buchanan ; good mod-
ern rwldeace. 10 rooms and bath: u;>-to-date
f-lucbln*; electric lights; lot 2Cxl37:«.
VACANT LOTS.
$j°00 — Van Ness ave.; corner; 32x109.
$::.M0— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:€xl27:S^:
Cne marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
1ZZ5Q — Mill Valley cottage, S rooms and bath:
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade fcr
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery 61
A. M SPECK & CO.. «€7 Market St..
Opposite Kearoy.
$CSC«— Rents »4J0; lot fc>xl37:« feet: modem
bulMlng; pays 19 per cert.
$32^00— Fourth st.. near Townsend; 13 ( :€x
157:6; near railroad and warehouses.
rjS.OM— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister: lot
O:Sxl»i) fe«t; two frontares; rents $210.
$23,<;^»_g}xth st.; 7$ feet frontage; 4 stores
ar.d Sw rooms above; rents $200.
$12,500— Half block from Market and Steuart
ttf.: brick building. _J' *'-'¦
$12.560— Ninth St., close to Mission; SS feet
front* two stores and flats.
j:i <»¦•— >!arket-£t- ccraer; etore and Cats;
modern building rents 1*5: lot 25x1-1* feet.
$*»&— Kents $100; lot I»xl27:6; Powell-st. car ,
*fT250-Eroadway. between Buchanan and
Webster ets.; lot 34:14x132 feet; choicest resi-
<5< W»Xi^*fx bay-window flats: rents $66; lot j
<Sx73: near Sixth and Howard ets.
SC5Q&— 122* Bash St.; lot 3»xl37;6; house of 1*
rooms; murt b«» soli.
$303^— Powell rt. : three flats; rents $52.
?•«y¥>— Four fine fiats : Capp st. : rents $49.
$3i>V— Rents *4">; five flats; two frontages;
Vallejo st. A. M. SPECK & CO., 6€7 Market.
6TORE and flats; will pay puod interest, being
the NE. corner; the Bats Mill be very sunny
and n<"i"er vacant and will be taken before the
building ir finished; if you are looking for a
buFintse ccrner as well you will buy this on
ji'frht- the SE. corner cf n<>nwit st. and Third
»vc . Kirae size. *oH a y»»ar ago for $3000. and |
rnetri'-nt and Sixth ii« a much better bufin»*!>s
]^v- a tion by far; I re<"onimpn'l this as a fine
purrhas*. W. J. Gl'NN. S3" California ft.
LARGE LOTS FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN,
or, PliKCITA AVE.. opp. HOWARD Et.; to
1*3- or will eubdividf.
YORK AND TWENTT-SIXTH STB.— N. E.
rorner. 95x100; or will subdivide and sell single
let at $£&0. "
GCEBEEBO «t.. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
• ~-th— Lot 4.".x7S: givxl place for flats. Other
rnu"i*-= arid lots !n all rarts of the city. See
fur'crifited lists and apply to C. 6. CAPP &
CO.. Real Estate Agents. C30 Market st.
1S000— TO dose an estate; lot £3x137 :S; brick Im-
provement*: 5 flats: rents *53: could b« ltn-
--oved to bring $100 the month; west side
CT-ckton to rear etreet. between Lombard
and Filbert. Apply R- McCOLGAN. 14 Mont-
goraery st.. room >•
?r cottaVe 5 rocms and bath: ln Mission; nearly
new fine location; high basement: beautiful
card'en- sunny elde of street: near 1 car lines;
unobstructed view; cost $3600. Box 2C57. Call.
A BARGAIN— Good paying property: JigoO: good
locatlcn; always rented; $17 a month. 7 Che-
r.ery st.. eft Thirtieth.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
t r i<"-r: plans er.1 erttmatea furnished for all
bcUdlrg work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission st.
A SNAP— J12S; lots near Fchool, 15x123. Apply
THI?TLETON. 272 Badowa St.. Ocean View.
REAL ESTATE COt.VTBV For Sale
v'OP. saJ«— Salinas: hcuse with corner lot 60 feet
front en Main etre^t fc^- 130 feet deep; black-
saiJtii «hop, new wir.caiil and tank; well
fenced; wouid qualify fcr tflocn aJso; price
175O- if desired I~<> on mortgage at 10 per
cent. Inquire at OM brewery. H*nry Schinkel.
MARli CO.. J6 miles from S. F.— W0 to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved fsjTTif, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vr^etable lands; «-asy terms; rail
and water transit: cood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rocra 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
JTSO— HALF cash 14 acres, rich. 3 miles of town;
"hcu*e barn. wood. v.-at<?r. corn, orchard, pota-
toe»; bis cror. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market Et.
rr»R SALn-/>KKJ-parlng Investment; country
hotel: rented at (64k For particulars apply at
southwest orner EJdy and Taylor Ets.
LEVEL ciearcd fruit land; 100 acres $25Oo! iT
GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1, r.r. Call bldg.
if. GRIFFIN. 71S Market— 120 acres cheap; po-
tatoes, »pp!«. berrie*. wood, water, house.
- KOOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT. 252. North Beach — Furnished
liooeek^ping room; cheap; fine view; sunny.
C"LARA L2^. near Fourth— $j a month; Large
*unny furnish^ front room. . •
I'DDY 9K— Very <ie»irable furnished houre-
kfepi'ng roorra; r.o rhlldran; private residence.
7TTLL. US Ts^o eunny housekeeping rooms. $16;
Vingie front nxm. $5; adults. ¦
FOLSOM, 776^—2 neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping" room*; also X tingle room.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FHUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HOuiES In bVau7lrul^rurtv/Ue-Send for full
printed list of houses, lotf chicken ranches
and email fruit farms. Address J. W. EL-
ROD. Frultvale station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BLOCK 64. must be eold. near 23d ave., 17th St..
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
tecr.th st.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND KIUXITIRE FOH SALE.
AN Introduction to you frcm H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
PMOPOSALS.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will he received by the Board
of Directors of. the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at it* office, room 13. 320 Sansome st..
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10:20 o'clock a. m ,
SATURDAY, June 23. 1900. and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad
etation Tountvllle). for six months commenc-
ing July 1, 1900, and ending December 31, 1300.
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undfrsijrned. Bidders will
carefully follotv the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is ln accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the risht to
reject any or all bir\a and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sar.ioir.e st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board cf Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received by the Etate Board of Prison
Directors at San Quentln. up to the hour
of 10:30 a. m. of July 7, 19C0, for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent fit the bid, payable to the
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had on
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles W. Armstrong:. 40, Callstoga, and
Leslie L. Norwood. 27. city.
Giuseppe Giovannetti, 40. 729 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Zermira Franchini, 2S, 729 Montgom-
ery avenue.
Charles W. Rohrand, 33. 1911 Buchanan street,
and Bella Schuhl, 35, 1911 Buchanan street.
Jesse M. Waterman. 24, San Jose, and Dora-
thy J. Bertelsmann. 12. San Jose.
James M. Sthreshley. 5S. Kellogg: Creek, Plu-
mas County, and Hattie Hjman. 33. city.
Edward E. Streeter. 3?. 2021 Central avenue,
and Agnes E. Hill. 22, 2021 Central avenue.
Juiius C. Mantel, 43, city, and Annie G.
Hogan. 28. city.
Seymour Goldsmith, 2S, city, and Carrie
Meyer. 23, city.
Claude Eley, 24. city, and Ida Joyce, 20. city.
Frank C. Herrick. 26, city, and Tudle L.
Kaiser. 24^, city. ,
Jean B. Cnbani, 30, Montgomery street,
and Marie T. Bonnamazou, 27. 1 Morrell place.
Noe Dufault, 52, Dawson City, and Lawrence
Pontacq. 30. VT1 Howard street.
Jean G. Frisou. 25, Oakland, and Rufflne C.
Lemer. 20. Oakland. 1
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
BORN.
EPSTEIN— In this city, June 11. 1900, to th*
wife of J. S. Epstein, a son.
LINDQUIST— In this city. June 12, 1900, to the
wife of Emll Llndqulst. a sou.
MARRIED.
DUNBAR-ROUGHGARDNER-In this city,
June 7. 1900. by the Rev. S. D. HutsinpUler,
Fred O. Dunbar and Mamie F. Roughgardner,
both of San Francisco.
KINLOCK— BENNETT— In this city. June 6.
1500, by tne Kev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, John
Klnlock and Ella Bennett, both of San Fran-
cisco.
LEMON— WILLIAMS— In this city. June 11.
15^0. by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller. Law-
rence M. Lemon of San Francisco and "Mary
E. Williams of Yreka. Cal.
DIEI>.
Allen, Mary E. Llllis, Lawrence
Anderson, Charles . Maack, William H. J.
Blohme. Gesine Mahon. Mary A.
Clay. George P. Mecredy. Thomas H.
Cumrolngs, Mary E. Miller, Amelia
Dumont, Frank A. Nelsen. Marie L.
Dykes, Chester J. O'ConneM, Jeremiah
Ellis, Catherine H. Peden. Jane
Feeney. Frank J. Petrovich, John
Fredrikson, Thelka Pringle, Thomas
Frensdorf, Otto Rabjolm, Edwin Sr. j
Graham. William G. Raicivich. Nina
Hawkins. Mrs. M. A. Reilly, James
Jones. Le Roy M. Sand, Walter
Kaffke, Martin Verhellen, Henry
ALLEN— In this city, June 12. 1900, Mary Ella
Allen, beloved wife of George Allen, and
mother of Julia Jackson, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 49 years 11 months and*ll days.
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from thfe residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Julia Jackson, 211
Twenty-eighth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
ANDERSON — In this city, June 12, 19W).
Charles, beloved husband of the late Amelia
Anderson, and father of Anna, Henrietta; and
Alfred Anderson, a native of Norway, aged
S3 years.
E7 Remains at the parlors of MeAvoy & Co.,
12C3 Market street.
BLOHME— In Oakland. June 12. 1900, Gesine.
widow of John Blohme, and mother of Adele,
Harry, Lizzie. Sophie and Hermine Biohme,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 43 years
10 months and S days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervlces
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Paulus German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner Eddy and Gough streets, San Fran-
cisco. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CLAY— On board transport Grant, 'May 19, UKK),
George P. Clay, a member of Company M,
Forty-third Regiment, U. S. A., beloved son
of Mrs. B. A. Clay, formerly of Fresno, CaK,
and brother of William and Allen Clay and
Mrs. R. Good, a native of Merced. Cal., aged
20 years and 9 months.
CUMMINGS— In this city, June 12, 1900. Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of Martin and Maria
Cummlngs, and sister of William, Florence
and Martin Gordon and Ignatius and the late
James Cummlngs, a native of San Francisco,
aged £1 years 8 months and 27 day?.
DUMONT— In this city. June 12. 1900. Frank A.
Dumont Sr.. beloved husband of Mary Du-
mont, and father of Jennie and Frank A. Du-
mont Jr., Mrs. E. W. Hlnkle and Mrs. M.
L. Enoe, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged
£6 years 6 months and 20 days.
DYKES— In this city. June 12. 1900, Chester
•Joseph, beloved Infant son of • Geonje and
Edith Dykes, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 days.
ELLIS— In this city, Jane 11. 1900, Catherine H.
Ellis, beloved mother of Edward V., George
J. and William W. Ellis, Mrs. J. L. Calvert
and the lata Mrs. Flnlay Gumming-, aged 69
years.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. J. L. Calvert. 142
Nineteenth avenue, near California street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FEENEY— In this city, June 11, 1900, Frank J.
Feeney, beloved son of the late Michael and
Catherine Feeney, a native of San Francisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FREDRIKEON-In this city. June 10. 1900.
Thelka, wife of Richard Fredrikson. and be-
loved mother of Ingegaid. Harold and Sigurd
Fredrikson, a native of Sweden, aged 45 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 948 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
FRENSDORF— At Uklah Insane Isylum. Otto
Frensdorf, a native of Bambcrg, Bavaria,
a*ed 44 years.
GRAHAM— In this city. June 12. 1900, William
O.. beloved son of James H. and Julia M.
Graham, and brother of Marian. John. James
Jr. and Agnes Graham, a native of Maiden,
Mont., aged 19 years and 1 month. A member
of Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W. (Butte.
Mont., papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances and members
of Company F, Boys* Brigade, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of MeAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth,, thence to St. Rose's
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to FIannairan.&' Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgh
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite : Lincoln ' School.
*-. Telephone South SO. -
Mcavov at co.v 1
FCNEBAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1239 Market St., between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone - South 247. I
Church, where a solemn requiem : mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment „ Holy Cross
Cemetery. •'
HAWK1XS-In this city. June 11. 1900, Mrs.
Margaret A. Hawkins, beloved mother of John
AV. Hawkins, Mrs. F. Jackson and Mrs. L.
Doyle, a native of Missouri, aged 62 years.
ET'FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 271 Dore street, between Bryant
and Harrison. Eighth and Ninth. ¦ interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JONES— 1c Oakland. June 12. 1900. Le Roy MeU
vin Jones, dearly beloved son of Fred and
Margaret Jones, a native of Oakland, aged 3
months and 15 days.
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
i (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandparents. 421 B street. North Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
KAFFKE— In this city, June 12. 1300, Martin,
beloved • husband ¦ of Henrietta Kaffke. and
father of Mrs. Emma Possnecke. Hermann
Kaffke. Mrs. H. Temps, Mrs. M. Wieland and
Mrs. A. Kuhne, a native of Schneidemuhl.
Pos=en, Germany, aged 71 years 7 months and
1 day. (Chicaco papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S20 Alabama street, near Twentieth,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, corner Fol-
som and Army streets, for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LILL.1S— In this city, at tli» Palace Hotel.
I^awrence. husband of Elizabeth R. Lillly. a
native of County Clare, Ireland, aged z:> years.
(CT'Remains will be shipped to St. Joseph,
Mo., to-morrow (Thursday).
MAACK— In this city. June 12. 1S0O. William
H. J. Maack, beloved husband of Nona
Maack, father of Milton Maack. son of Wil-
liam and Henrlcka Maack, and brother of
Hannah Maack. a native of Sao Francisco,
aged Hi years 10 months and X daya. (Han-
nibal, Miss., and Mgntpelier, Ind., papers
please copy.)
CTTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
ritnee, 2<J8 Maple street, between Clay and
Washington, where the services will be held
under the auspices of Court Hubertus No. 13,
F. of A. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, June 12, 1900, Mary A..
beloved daughter of John J. and Kate Mahon.
and sister of Annie Ellen Mahon, a native of
San Francisco, a?ed 2 years 3 month3,and 8
days.
tC^Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 30 Morris avenue, oft
Harrison street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment private.
MECREDY— In this city, June 11, 1900. Thomas
Henry Mecredy. beloved son of the late John
and Jane E. Mecredy, and brother of Alex
B.. John G.. William J., Fred A. and Ray R.
Mecredy and Mrs. A. A. Osborn, a native of
Albany. N. Y.. aged 57 years.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 530 Church street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, where services will be conducted
under the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 15, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. June 10, 1300, Amelia,
beloved wife of William Miller, daughter of
Susie Welbanks. and mother of Daisy. Bessie
and Elsie Miller, a native of Idaho, aged 30
years.
NELSEN-In this city, June 12. 1900. Marie
L.. youngest and dearly beloved daughter of
J. L. and Jennie Nelsen, and sister of Char-
lotte and Erick Nelsen, a native of San
; Francisco, aged 1 year and 4 days. (Seattle
and Chicago papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1634 Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment I. O.- O.
F. Cemetery-
O'CONNELL— In this city, June 11. 1900, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Jonna O'Connell.
father of Joeie. Katie, Frances and Daniel
O'Connell and Mrs. D. Burns, son of Eliza-
beth O'Connell, and brother of Kate. Norah
and Dennis O'Connell. a native of County
Cork Ireland, aged 49 years. Late of Tlbu-
ron, Marin County. Member of Court Marin
No. 73. F. of A.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of the H»>nry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, ?0 Fifth street, thence to St. Mary'a
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
PEDEN— Entered into rest. In this city. June
12, 1900 Jane, beloved wife of William J.
Peden, mother of George T... Louisa J. and
Willian J. Peden Jr. and Mrs. Neil Cameron,
and sister of Mrs. J. W. Reid, a native of
Hillsborourh, Ireland.
(PfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurjday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
PETROVICH— In this city, June 11, 1900, John
Petrovich, a native of Skaljare, Bocche dt
Cattaro, Dalmatla, Austria, aged 45 years and
7 months.
lE7Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Aus-
trian Benevolent Society's Hall, 413 Sutter
- street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of MeAvoy & Co.. 1239
Market street, between Eighth and Ninth.
PRINGLE — In this city, June 11. 1900. Thomas,
beloved hueband of Alice Pringle, and father
of Alice and Chester Pringle. a native of
Duns, Scotland, aged 47 years 1 month and
13 days.
CyFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 1020 Sutter etreet. Cremation Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
RABJOLM— In Sacramento. Cal., June 12, 1500.
Ecwin Rabjolm Srr, a native of England, aged
78 years.
RAICIVICH-In this city. June 12. 1300. Nina,
beloved wife of iiczzo Raicivich, and mother
of Erminia. Ellas, Gisberto, Alexandro and
Vltoria Raicivich and Mrs. George Miholo-
vich, a native cf Lepetane, Austria, aged 37
years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter- j
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, June 11. 1900. James,
beloved husband of Susan M. Rellly, and
father of James W., Mary A. and Edward F.
Rellly, a native of County Longrord, Ire-
land, used 63 years and 3 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41. Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers. »
SAND— In this city. June 11. 1900. Walter, be-
» loved son of Joseph and the late Catherine
Sand, and brother of Fred, Witilam, Joseph,
George and Laura Sand and Mrs. L. Glocker.
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
(E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 644 Jessie street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
VERHELLEN— In this* city. June 12, 1900.
Henry Verhellen,' a native of Belgium, aged
81 years.
BAILEOAD 'HU^'**_'
Pflfg- ®» *? ?? C^>? riiiipfi-VCKr(53 '. I V -UKtuN ul AmD x S?®l
Ws-«» 2 &r ¥% 1st i ""ryrtlT'Znh-BH^i^T) -P-P'S H >?§]
SDiSTINCI R0UTE^i5oi]tett%!lit!S0g$oL!fi5.2
MAGN^ !Ci> /America. y|3
Pullman Palace Q AM r D : M n jCrn . p DENVER-OMAHA without J^M
SLEEP! S'ecTrTs SrTNlBANubLU' 0 AND CHICAGO CHANGE. |g^
Din fiOANnP IS THE QNLY transcontinental line passing ikf/lfm
7HF IU M'^ llL iJ- DIRECTLY THROUGH SALT LAKE CITY. 'Fifff/ili
V/ESTERN RY.LEADVILLE.COLORADO SPRINGS 'M'gfjpL
amd DENVER. Mff'llt&k
Fo*P~rss, DZSC^r^T/!/? fSsQTrsz> rrc. INQUIRE CF y£&^t?^H
renw u:\UT7 F.W.THOMPSON,^/^?^ -'---' -''-^'^ZgA
¥™£™*?: - 625M***ETST. t fi>t,c*M*et.
SALT LAKE CITY. \ S/>//
9 +- 'a
© j?
S »
I DOLLARS |
| Santa Fe Ronte. §
© +_ i •
5 Excursion tickets will be $
9 sold on June' 29th and ©
® 30th good for 60 days to §
§ come back. The rate is •
g made for the Democratic •
% National Convention, but %
© any 'one can use the 9
J tickets. >* J
• J ? e
I Kansas City I
© AND BACK. %
S 628 Market Street. %
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
T /m<g«-j H1TT1
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcortn Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DA Y3— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. ra.: U:B,
1:30. 8:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:44
and 11:30 d. m.
VUNDATB— «:C0. »:J0. 11:00 a, ra.: 1.30. 1:M,
6:00, 6:20 d. ra.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— <:10. 7:50; 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; li:4S.
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and *:J5 o. m.
SUNDAYS— «:U>. 9:40. 11:10 a. tn.; 1:40. J:ta.
£:C5. 3:25 p. tn.
Between Ban Francisco and Schnstzen Park
ius« schedule aa abov*.
Leave I In - Effect. I Arrive -
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900. | Ban JTranclaoo*.
Week I Ban- I I Sun- I We«k
Days. I days, f Destination.] days. | Dava.
7:30 am (:00 am Xovato. 10:40 ami 8:43 ana
8:30 pm 1:30 am Petalnma. 6:03 pm 19:15 ara
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7 35 pmj i:80 pa
' Fulton.
T:SO am Windsor. 10:S aaa
Healdsburg-.
Lytton.
GeyserrtUa.
t:IO pm 8:00 am Clave rdale. 7:83 pis <:S0 pa
7:80 asx Rocland 110:18 tm
8:80 pm «:80 am and UTriah. 7:tt praj l:»pa
I s . Inn 10:15 am
8:08 am GaernevUle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| «:80 pa
l:Wain »:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:Wam 1
and
8:10 pm 8:C0pm|Olen Ellen. I:CS pm l:*0 pm
7:S0am! 8:00 ami 110:40 am[10:2S am
3:30 pm[ S:oO pm[ Sebastcpol. 1 7:35 praj 6:10 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for XTarls We«t
Brrines and White Sulphur Sprlncs: at Fnlton I
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle for SkaeKs Spring's: at Cloverdal*
for the Oeysers; at H.ir>!\rid for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelaeyville. CarU-
bad Sprintrs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprlncs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, L&crel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlnrs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. |
John Day's, Riverside, Lderley*s. Bncknell'a. I
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot t
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brass. "West- !
port. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonrtlle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday roand trio tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sunday round trip tlcktts to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofAce«, CO Market st. Chronicle bide, i
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. ' Oen. Pass. As«nt-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ...8. 9. 10, 11 a. in.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m. |
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, (1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN*.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(!2")KEABMST. Established
In IS*4 for the treatment ol Private-
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Siseaaea. Tb» doctor cu res wben
others ;'a!!. Try him. Charge* iow
Carragrnarantetvl. CallorwrltP.
Dr. J. *". uIBBU.\, Box 1937.San Fraociico
weeny ct $1.00 wim. Ladle*' tailor-made nults. silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Itothschlld. 62« Slitter.*
Of Interest to Shoe Buyers.
500 pairs of men's tan and Viet kid
shoes, worth S3 a pair, will be sold- to
morrow for $1 35 a pair at the "shoe sale
of the Boston Shoe -Company, 775 Market
street, near Fourth. •
OAKLAND, Juno 11.— William Selven, a
mech*- -^: -ftKiding at the Oak Hotel, cor
ner and Mission streets. San
Francisco, !n attempting 1 to alight from a.
movinir train on the narrow gauge line at
Kncinal station, Al.inieda, late to-night,
fell and was ctruck by the steps, sustain
ing a severe fracture of the skull. Pass
ers-by found him on the track three-quar-
Mechanic Severely Injured:
Killed in a Box Factory.
REDDING, June 12.— Fred ,W. Williams,
aged 17.' years, was killed in the Pioneer
Box Factory at Sisson yesterday morn-
Ing. -The boy was struck In the abdomen
by a, block flying from a saw and lived
but a few hours.
Fire at the Exposition.
PARIS, June 12.— There-was another fire
to-day at the exposition. This. time the
flames were discovered In the national na
vllion of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The
damage done was slight.
Heavy Rain in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, : June 12.— At half past
11. o'clock : ; to-night -/ there was • a sharp
shower of rain, accompanied by thunder
and lightning. An ex-sallor, who was also
at soldier at Fort Canby, declares that
there is a big storm coming. His forecast
Is based ¦ on the peculiar cloud '¦• conditions
tornlght.\ Heavy . rains now would, of
course,- ruin. much - hay and grain, and
would wipe out the cherry crop.
Many Injured in a Brawl.
TUCSON, .Ariz., June 12.— A serious
shooting scrape took place to-day at the
Helvetia copper camp, eighteen : miles
south -of Tucson. A' drunken row in one
of the saloons was followed by shooting in
which the proprietor, was shot in the
head, another man fatally wounded and
two Mexicans seriously hurt.
Was Not Missing.
William Grlffln of 315 Plxley street, who
was reported missing by his wife at the
Morgue yesterday, presented himself at
that institution last evening an.d stated
that he knew of no reason why such a re
port shottld have been made. He stated
that he had spent every evening at his
home and thinks that a "job" was put
up on him.
Wong Ah Wirig Captured.
' SACRAMENTO, June 12.— Constable
Cottrell of Walnut Grove telephoned this
evening that he had .captured Wong Ah
Wing,, one -of the Chinamen engaged In
the killing of Len Ah Hing on Sunday.
The latter was brutally shot down by sev
eral Chinamen. The trouble arose over a
same of . tan. ' Two Gf the shooters are
now in custody. -. •
Asylum Escape Gives Himself Up.
Patrick Shay visited the police station
at South San 'Francisco yesterday and
g-ave himself up as an escapee from Ag
tscwe In?ane Asylum.
About a year ago Shay was convicted In
the Superior Court on a charge of crimi
aal assault, but he developed signs of in
sanity before time for sentence. He was
pronounced insane by the Board of Insan
ity Commissioners and ordered confined
at Agmews. After a. three months' stay
at thaX Institution Shay made his escape
and has since wandered about the coast
Shay still shows symptomsof a deranged
mind.
Henry Austin Adams on "Cranks."
Henry Austin Adams will deliver hi3
final lecture for the Catholic Truth Soci
ety to-morrow evening in Metropolitan
Hall. His subject will be "Cranks" and
the lecture ts said to be his brightest and
most entertaining. Seats may be reserved
to-day at the office of the society, room
07, Flood building. s ,: v y
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— The ghost of
William J, Florence, an actor, figured in
the testimony introduced to-day in the
suit of Charles L. Bates for divorce. In
the depositions recently taken In San
Francisco It had been testified that Mrs.
Bates, an ardent spiritualist, had made
love to the dead actor's •spirit,, and had
said she was engaged to marry him Mn
the next world. These statements, sworn
to in one Instance by Mrs. Louise C. Pat
terson, a daughter from San Francisco,
were read in court to-day. Evidence was
given by James Edward Reeves which
created interest. Letters written by Mrs.
Bates to Reeves when he was only \ 20
years old and the writer 47 years old and
the mother of several children were read.-
The letters addressed young: Reeves as
"My darling" nrd expressed the deepest
affection. They also spoke, In terms of
contempt of Bates. '¦'msWSmm^M^W
DIVORCE SUIT
BRINGS A QUEER
GHOST STORY
ters of an hour later and an ambulance
brought him to the Receiving Hospital
here where Dr. Stratton attended him.
It is' believed that he will recover.
He Leaves All of His Two Hundred
and Fifty Thousand Dollar Es
tate to His Widow.
The will- of Emll D. Rosenbaum. who
committed suicide last week, was filed
for probate yesterday. He leaves every
thing to his widow, Sarah Rosenbaum.
and expressly declares he leaves nothing
to his brothers, Samuel. Albert and
Charles Rosenbaum. and his sisters. Vir
ginia Strassburger, wife of Sig Strassbur
ger, and Julia Strassburger, wife of Isaac
Strassburger, as he believes them to be
amply provided for already. He names as
executors his wife and J. B. Lankershlm.
In the petition for the probate of the
will the value of the property ia set at
$230,000 and the : aggregate of the debts at
$10,000. The income Is estimated at $1000
monthly and a monthly allowance of *7uO
Is asked for the benefit of the widow.
Rosenbaum went further than most tes
tators, for he named even the attorney for
the executors. His appointment Is I. I.
Brown. His relatives will contest on the
ground of insanity.
WILL OF DUCKSIE
ROSENBAUM FILED
-Reeves testified to • meeting her fre
quently.- He had written to Mrs. Bates
while she wns In. New York upon the
request of Mr. Bates and gave the re
plies to him.
Arthur F. McEntlre, who was mention
ed in the cross bill filed by Mr. Bates,
said the ghost of Mr. Florence was claim
ed by Mrs. Batts to be the father of one
of- her daughters.,
The depositions of Mrs. Louise C. Pat
terson, one of . Mrs. Bates' daughters liv
ing In San Francisco, told of the ghost of
W.J. Florence, nnd of domestic Infelici
ties in the Bates household.
HEAD OF INSTRUCTION
IN THE PHILIPPINES
F. W. Atkinson, Appointee of Com
' mission, En Route to
Islands.
F. "W. Atkinson, appointed by the Phil
ippine Commission to the office of Super
intendent of Public Instruction In, Manila,
arrived in this city last night and Is at
present stopping at the Palace.
Mr. Atkinson was highly recommended
to the commission by President Eliot of
Harvard University and was selected as
the most capable out of a number of can
didates. He was born in Reading, Mass.,
In 1S65. In 1S90 he graduated from Har
vard, and since that time has been ac
tively identified with educational svork.
About six years ago he was made princi
pal of the Springfield High School. He
will leave for Manila within a short time
and go actively to work upon his arrival
in that city.
The Divorce Court.
Stilts for divorce were filed yesterday
as follows: Alice May Moore against
Ijowis H. Moore for cruelty; Mary Stock
againrt Joseph P. Stock for failure to
provide: May Bell Carter against William
Carter for failure to provide: Matthias
P. Van Dervoer against Evelyn L.. Van
Derveer f cr desertion ; Frederick S. Ronej'
against Mary E. Roney for desertion;
Jennie Jenring^on against Dr. William
Jennlngson for desertion, neglect and fail
ure to provide and cruelty.
Divorce? have been granted as follows:
Flora E. Gwnley from John H. Greenley
for neglect, by Judge Troutt: Alexander
C. Babkirk from Minnie Babklrk for de
sertion, by Judpe Troutt (minor child
awarded plaintiff): Ada Southwell from
Frank L. Southwell for neglect, by Judge
Hebbard. Fifteen dollars a month award
od plaintiff for support of her minor child,
Minnie Southwell.
..Chief Sanitary Inspector Chalmers pre
sented a report, in which he stated that
the. Chinese in the quarantined district
were disposed' to resent. the orders of the
board and- to disobey the sanitary notices
issued by the Health Department. Chal
mers said 'he feared violence on the part
of the Mongolians, especially if the case
now pending in the United States Circuit
Court be decided in favor of the board.
He requested that police protection be af
forded to the men under him and Chief
Sullivan. will be requested to detail addi
tional patrolmen In and- around China
town. ,
Governor Gage held a long consultation
last night with the doctors in the employ
of the Six Companies and the Chinese.
L>rs. Anderson. Plllsbury and Powers were
present and went over the matters that
have come under their investigation very
thoroughly with the OoVernor. They
sought in every way to make it clear to
the chief executive of the State that the
plague does not now and never has existed
in Chinatown. .To prove their. statements
they -produced -affidavits and all sorts of
evidence that would be likely to carry
weight. The Governor listened attentive
ly to all they had to say. but expressed
no opinion. He refused afterward to be
Interviewed. .'-;••
Gage Talks to Doctors.
the cruel and unjust treatment of Chinese
In the enforcement of quarantine regula
tions. Tho Minister declared that resi
dents of the Chinese quarter were not
only subjected to this wrong, but were
thereby Injured physically and materially,
the pecuniary damage to their business
affairs being estimated at $30,000 per dav.
The Secretary declared that not only had
no claim for^lndemnity been filed with th>
department, but that the department
merely acted as a medium through which
the Chinese Minister's communication was
forwarded to the executive of California.
A dispatch from Washington says that
Secretary Hay said Minister. Wu- pre
sented to the State Department for-trans
mit tal to the Governor of California an
official protest agai»et what he termed
Chinese Minister Protests.
To-day Judge Morrow In the United
States Circuit Court will hear the suit
brought by several Chinese to restrain
the Board of Health from continuing the
quarantine In Chinatown, from preventing
the surgeons employed by the Six Compa
nies from attending the autopsies on sus
pected plague victims and on several oth
er matters that will force the board to
make a complete showing as to their rea
sons for taking the action that they have
done In regard to the Chinese in the al
leged plag-ue-stricken district. The va
rious attorneys Interested confidently ex
pect that the Board of Health will com
pletely fall, as it did yesterday, to make
out any case at all "and that the court
will speedily release the quarantined
people. .
Cas?s to Be. Heard To-Day.
the writ was issued? We have no means
of identifying him."
"The burden of proof is on the Board of
Health," said Judge de Haven. "Has the
board any evidence to rebut the affi
davits?"
"We have not," replied Mr. Weller.'
"The petitioner is released," said the
Judge. "Adjourn court until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Judge de Haven said further that the
Board of Health had no right to restrict
the liberty of any person who had not
come into direct contact with the plague,
no matter what district of "the city he
came from. He left with his auditors
the impression that he would release any
Chinese or white person from -the so
called infected district unless it could be
shown that he had been in direct contact
with -what was proved to be..the.plague.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation filed a petition with the Board of
Supervisors yesterday urging immediate
acceptance of the Hall of Justice building
and protesting strongly against any fur
•-ther delays. The communication says:
In reference to the acceptance by the city of
the Hall of Justice we respectfully call your
attention to the fact that at a recent meeting
of the Committee on Public Buildings the City
and County Attorney stated that the building
can legally be accepted at the present tlm«
and the claims adjudicatM later. It was also
urged by the Auditor that the bulldtnsr be
Immediately accepted and the claims adjudi
cated later. "We respectfully call your attention
to the fact that over *275,00O has been expended
in the construction and furnishing of this
building which at the present date Is ready
for occupancy to all Intents and purposes. It
is not only a hardship upon the property owners
In the vicinity, but It is a ridiculous position
for the city to occupy — that is. to expend this
vast sum of money for the construction of the
bulldlne and then not to occupy it when it ia
completed.
Another communication from the asso
ciation 'opposes the petition now before
the board to allow the criminal depart
ments of -the Superior Courts to remain
In their present quarters at the City Hall.
It Is as follows:
We •wish to earnestly protest against any
action to be taken by your honorable board
to prevent the occupation of the Hall of Justice
by all of the criminal courts previously desig
nated to occupy the building. At a great ex
pense to the city and county the Hall of Jus
tice has been fitted up for its occupation by
these criminal courts, and to pay the Wast it
Is very late In the day for any objection to
be made to such occupancy, and we respectfully
hold that the petition en .file to that effect
should receive no consideration by your hon
orable board.
North Central Improvement Associa
tion Petitions the Board of Super
visors to Arrange for Its Im
mediate Occupancy. .
Protest Against Further De
lay in Opening Hall
of Justice.
URGES INSTANT
ACCEPTANCE OF
THE BUILDING
Lucius Li. Solomon, grand president of
tho Independent Order of B'nal B'rith.
was tendered a reception last night by
Unity Lodge of that order In B. B. Hall.
There were present nearly two hundred
persons, members of the lodge and order.
There was a short address of welcome by
the president and brief response by the
guest of the evening, after which there
was an adjournment to one of the projrii
nent rotlsseries, where, under the direc
tion of the committee of arrangements,
consisting of Herman Enkle (chairman),
I. Cohnreich, J. Radston, H. B. Harris
and Walter Hirschfeld, assisted by the
auxiliary committee, composed of M. L.
Asher, L. A. Morgenstern, Eugene W.
Levy, S. Myrson. Sol A. Raphael, J. D.
Isaacs and EL Goodman, an excellent sup
per was served. The head of the table
was occupied by the grand president, I.
Cohnreich, toastmaster, and a number
of the grand officers and several specially
invited guests. The cafe now having been
disposed of and the fragrant Havanas
brought out the toastmaster entered upon
the active discharge of his duties. Fol
lowing are the toasts and the names of
those who responded to them:
"District Grand Lodge," Lucius Solo
mon: "Business and Sentiment," Wallace
A. Wise: "Our Country," George Samuels;
"The Other End of the Continent," Rev.
Jacob Nieto; "The Coming Century,"
Marcus Rosenthal; "The Minds That Gov
ern Us," Edmund Tauszky; "The Order
in Our New Possessions," E. I. Wolfe:
"The Veterans of the Future," I. J.
Aschheim; "The Covenant," M. H. Was
cerwitz; "Our Foreign Jurisdictions," Jo
seph Rothschild; "The Ladiea," Otto Ir
ving Wise.
Prominent among those who were
around the festal board were the follow
ing named:
I..ucien L. Solomon, grand president: George
Samuels, Marcus Hosenthal, I. J. Aschelm, S.
S. Kahn. Julius Flatshek, M. Wascerwitz. E.
Tauszky, Wallace Wise, J. Greenebaum, Rev
I. Meyer. E. I. .Wolfe, M. Stern, Alex Hart,
Rev. J. Xolto, Herman Enkel. Julius Radstone,
I. Cohenreich. Walter Hirschfeld. H. B. Harris,
S. Zekind. J. Rothschild, Sol Levy. J. Isaacs,
Henry Stern, Benjamin Sloss. Otto I. Wise,
Sol Raphael, 1/ J. Brown. S. Myrson. Euprene
W. Levy, Benjamin Hirsh, Charles Offer, Ben
jamin Mayers, Sal J. Levy. M. L. Asher, Louis
Morfcenstern. j. D. Abrams. J. Slssman, Q. W.
Sichel. Julius Hart. J. H. Hlrshfeld, M. Steen.
M. Whitehead, Z. Zacharias, Huso K. Asher,
D Cohn. Max Warshauer, R. Samlsh, M. H.
Morris, A. Miller. U. Levy, I. M. Wordman,
J. M. Lenson, I. S. Cohn, A. Lobenstein, L.
Llpman, H. Falk. C. F. Jacobs, J. Llnderman.
M. A. Kohl, Alex Peyser. H. Frohman, Sol
Friedman, J. Llvinston, William Wolf. A. Hey
man, I. Flotow, B. Kronn, J. Pll&er, A.
Schaen, Benjamin Levy. J. Jacobsen, Phil S.
Bell, Jonas Hyman, M. J. Sahlein, M. Blumen
thal. Henry Gabriel, E. Deutsch, S. Emanuel,
William Marks, H. J. Levy, H. Owens. M. J.
Blackmann, T.- Solomons, A. Erb, Samuel Blbo,
August Bernard, J. Herman, M. Marks, Julius
Berck. S. Solomon, D. L. Meyers, M. Moser,
8. Elbergr, M. Hartman. L. L. Michel*. S
Weinhart. Colonel H. P. Bush,- F. B. Ketslnr.
Alfred Cohn, J. Levin, Casper Samuels, P. L.
Phillips, E. Majjnln.'S. L. Leszynsky, S. Fried
man. Charles S. Harris, S. Green, Abe Engel,
Herman Gutatadt, J. Jacobs, II. Goldstein.
Oscar Fisher, Max ' Schirpser, I. Goodman. S.
Rosenthal, Abe Isaacs and Herman Lesser. ¦
CHINESE REJOICE OVER DECISION.
to poison the Chinese, and an excited mob
repaired at once to the offices of the Six
Companies to make complaint. It was
¦with some difficulty that they were con
vinced that the discolored meat would
have no bad effects upon them.
Another small-sized riot occurred during
the afternoon on Sacramento street. A
mob of 250 Chinese gave a man who was
posting bulletins concerning Judg-c de
Haven's order a rough handling, but they
did no particular harm. Last night
t'hinatown was quiet. Judge de Haven's
decision had the effect of giving the Chi
nese conlidence that their attorneys
would pull them through without further
trouble, and they were willing to await
the outcome of the case that will come
before the court to-day. They are cer
tain the court will give the order to raise
the odious quarantine. •
The Board of Health still Is skirmish
ins for something upon which to continue
the quarantine. Bacteriologists Kellogg
and Breyfogle reported to the board yes
tt-rday a suspicious case at 21 Stone street,
which they diaRnosed as "plague-pneumo
nia." What "plague-pneumonia" may be,
however, has not been explained.
IMstrict Court Proceedings.
United States District Judge de Haven
made short work of the plague fakers in
the matter of the habeas corpus petition
of Chun Ah Sing, the cook, who alleged
that he had gone Into Chinatown on May
29 one hour prior to the quarantine, and
had been connned within the quarantine
limits ever since. J. J. Dunne appeared
In the morning for the Health Board, and
when the court asked for the "corpus"
that was to be "habeased," Mr. Dunne
Teplied that owing to the fact that the
population of Chinatown was between
2U,UOO and 25,000 the board had not had any
opportunity of making his acquaintance
and were unable to produce him.
Messrs. Campbell, Shortrldge, Ferral,
Kehoe and Bennett, attorneys for the
petitioner, agreed to furnish the board
with the address of the cook so that they
might be able to make the proper return
to the writ. The court took a recess until
2 o'clock in the afternoon, the Judge re
marking at the same time that he did
not propose to go into the whole matter
of the quarantine: that the case was an
application on habeas corpus, and that if
the averments of the petition with regard
to the petitioner were proved he would
discharge the cook.
At 2 o'clock the cook was in court with
abo'it 100 of his countrymen. Mr. Camp
bell proceeded to read his demurrer to the
return of the Health Board, but the court
cut him short for the purpose of saving
time The counsel then introduced an
affidavit from Mrs. Annie Davis of 733
Bush street to the effect that Chun Ah
Sing was her cook and that he lived in
her house. He went on May 29 to vtBit a
friend In Chinatown and was caught in
the quarantine. Sing's affidavit followed.
He swore that he did not see a dead per
son during the whole 'of ,the time of his
confinement, nor did he s*e a sick per.«on,
and he was not sick himself.
"How do we know," asked Charles L.
Weller. "that this Is the man for whom
Two brothers who had not seen each
other for twenty years previously met yes
terday afternoon in the Uroadway Jail.
One of them had boen arrested for swear
ing falsely to a pension paper and the
other had been brought here as a witness
by the Government to testify against the
prisoner. The meeting was mingled with
humor and pathos, but the latter became
paramount when the brother accused of
crime resolved to plead guilty and taku
the consequences, rather than hear u:n
words that would condemn him spoken by
one of his own kin in the witness stand.
Peter Morgan Ashley Smith-Crane, who
resides on the Round Valley Indian reser
vation and whose wife is an Indian, was
brought to this city by a deputy Marshal
yesterday. His brother, also going by the
name of Smitli-Cracc, was a veteran of
the civil war and it was alleged that the
man under arrest signed papers declaring
that he was his brother, in order to se
cure the pension which was coming to the
veteran. The Federal authorities located
the person entitled by law to the pension
in Belleville, Illinois, and he was brought
here under subpena,
Yesterday a meeting was arranged be
tv.'een the two. When they came face to
face In the office of the jail it ¦was the
Jirst time they had seen each other since
tiny parted on the old farm in Illinois.
The man under arrest believed hi? brother
dead and the cross-examination he
eubjecic-d him to before he shook his
hand was one of the humorous features
of the affair. After Peter had Fettled the
fact as to his brothers identity both wept
and discussed the case.
"It'e a. lonf; time since I've seen you,"
i?aid the veteran, "but If you've done
wrorg stand up and take your medicine
like a man. Go to prison, brace up, and
when you get out I'll take you back to
the old farm to live with me."
Peter objected to going back to the old.
farm, as he had a wife and family to sup
port on the Indian reservation, but he
concluded that his brother's view of the
situation wrus thr- correct one and agreea
to accept it. The thoupht that his own
brother would be forced to deliver testi
mony against him wounded him more
than anything else and he concluded not
lo make any legal contest.
"I don't believe 1 ousrht to be turned
loose." he said. "I ought to gret bumped
a little. It would U-ach me some sense.
I've got to work anyway, and I mipht as
well try a hand in San Quentin as not.
The only thing I want Is a gTeat big hay
field and a. pitchfork and I will be con
tented."
Endeavored to Thus Stcure a Pen
sion, but the True Veteran
Cosies Here and Faces
Peter Smith-Crane Swore He
Was His Brother Whom
He Thought Dead.
HIS CRIME THE
MEDIUM THROUGH
WHICH THEY MET
A Large Gathering Extends a Frater
nal Welcome to Lucius L. Solo
mon — Toast and Re
sponses.
Banquet Tendered the Head
of the Independent Order
of B'nai B'rith.
UNITY LODGE
RECEIVES ITS
GRAND OFFICER
JUDGE DE HAVEN of the United
States District Court practically de
cided yesterday that unless a per
son, whether Asiatic or American,
had come In direct contact with the
plague he could not be legally detained
within the quarantine lines drawn about
Chinatown. This decision will probably
have the effect of putting an end to the
quarantine of the district and will force
the Board of Health to abandon its plan
to keep the quarantine for another ten
days. Attorneys who have been employed
to bring habeas corpus proceedings for
the release of certain Chinese detained
within the lines are resting on their oars,
expecting the quarantine to be lifted be
fore they can act.
Yesterday another riot was nearly pre
cipitated in Chinatown by the accidental
discovery that the sulphur fumes from
the disinfected sewers had escaped Into
some of the markets in the district and
had impregnated the meats offered for
sale there. A cook had placed a silver
coin on a piece of meat and the coin had
turned black. Immediately the cry was
raised that the whites were attempting
What threatened to bo a serious fire
broke out last night in Mibach & Straub's
paint shop at S33 Brannan Ftreet. An
alarm was sounded from the nearest box.
but before the Fire Department reached
the ecene the structure was enveloped iii
flames. Feaxlr.g a general -conflagration
Chief Sullivan turned in a second alarm,
bringing out an extra relay of engines.
Thomas Titus Injured.
With remarkable rapidity the flames
spread to a large structure In the rear of
the paint shop which is occupied as a
etable by the Tesla Coal Company. In
the stable wrre a number of valuable
horses and it was with considerable dlf-
Ilculty that they were saved from being
burned to death. Several streams were
rapidly brought to bear on the burning
structure and In a short time the flames
were extinguished.
How the nre started Is a mystery to
Chief SuUivan and his men. It is thought,
however, that the blaze was caused by
coinbustibles in the paint shop.
While the lire was in progress Thomas
Tlius. a memt.er of Engine Company No.
5 was struck by a. falling beam and se
verely injured. He was taken to his home
in the putrol wapon. where he was attend
ed bv a physician.
Titus bears the reputation of being one
rf the most unlucky members of the
Fire Department. While known as a fear-
Jt^s lire tighter he generally runs afoul of
a. itd'Ar.g wall or timber and is Injured.
l>uring the big conflagration on Branr.an
ftreet feme time ago he was struck by a
tailing wall and was badly injured. After
L«'inp hurt at the fire last night one of his
comrades on noticing his condition re
marked, "What! Hurt again?"
Titus coolly replied that he was not
badly injured, but asked to be taken to
his home at 39 Ringold street.
Captain ComFtoek of tl>« underwriters
estlmau-s the damage at about 12000. It is
partially covered by insurance.
The Flames Spread to the T«sla Coal
Company's Stable, but Were
Subdued After a Hard
Fight
Blazing Oil Causes a Lively
Fire in a Paint
Shop.
FIREMAN TITUS
INJURED BY A
FALLING REAM
Car 859 of the Bryant-street line last
night crashed Into a street-sweeping ma
chine at Bryant and Fifth streets, wreck-
Ing the machine and severely Injuring the
driver. The" driver's name Is Fred Paul.
He was proceeding along Bryant street,
and when between Fourth and Fifth the
car crashed into his machine.
Paul was thrown from his seat, and
when picked up by Police Officer Dono
van, who was a witness to the accident,
he was In a semi-conscious condition.
He recovered in a short time, however,
and was taken to his home.
That several of the passengers were not
injured seems miraculous. The dummy
was crowded at the time and many of the
passengers stood on the front platform.
Among them were Police Officers "Jack"
.Tillman, Winzler and Donovan. They
were on their way to a fire at Ninth and
Brannan streets. Several women aleo oc
cupied seats on the front of the car.
After passing Fourth street the motor
man temporarily turned around as if to
size -up the passengers when "suddenly
Officer Tlllman, who was standing on fhe
front step of the car, saw the street
sweeping machine only a few feet ahead
of the car. lie shouted to the motorman
to put on the brakes, which he did, but
too late to prevent the collision. The
forward part of the car crashed Into the
sweeping machine, completely wreck
ing it. .
All the passengers declared that the
motorman was to blame as he could have
prevented the accident If he had been at
tending to his duties.
The Driver Thrown From. His Seat
and Hurled Against a Fence.
Motonnan's Careless
ness.
Serious Accident Narrowly
Averted* on Bryant
ELECTRIC CAR
CRASHES INTO A
STREET MACHINE
Releases Chun Ah Sing From. Detention on Habeas Corpus
Without Objection From the Board of Health.
V^LllCL- 111 v_>I 1 II Id LO W 1 1.
DE HAVEN STRIKES FIRST
BLOW AT THE QUARANTINE
THE SAN FRAjNTCISCO CAL.L,, w^JJUNJtfSDAT, JUNE 13, 1900.
12
- --_r_- : ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^
™ ;
¦
SILKS.
IiKhSS iiOOliS
WASH FABRICS.
isgg* 75 pieces Extra Qualitu FOULARD
»«f SILKS, 23 and 24 inches wide, this
l|)l season's newest effects— New Blues,
Qr?/ nrflns. Bpflwns VinipK ptn
• Reduced to 60c yard.
Former prices 85c and $1.00.
24 pieces Plain Black FRENCH ETA-
|l|77n MINE, 40, 44 and 46 Inches wide.
Ply h Reduced to 50c and 75c yard.
"*. * *^ Former prices $1.25 and $2.00.
35 pieces 54-lnch CAMEL'S-HAIR CHE-
. , V10T SUITINGS, in Diagonals and
Yltnnin Plain Twills.
¦jDubldl Reduced lo 50c yard,
i Regular value $1.00 yard.
18 pieces REDFERN CHECKED SUIT-
j> ¦ INGS, In a good Yarietu of colors,
U npnrni fin widtn 44 and 50 incnes -
DuiplliD, Reduced to 50c yard.
Regular value 75c and $1.00.
250 pieces 32-inch SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
AND MADRAS CLOTHS, in Stripes,
t Checks and Plaids, perfectla fast
(0jni colors.
S Reduced to 8ic yard.
§^P| Regular price 15c and 25c a yard.
Samples of ahoye goods forwarded to anu address.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
CLOSING
I San Francisco Branch-
I JONES BROS. & CO.,
Cor. Second and Brannan Sts.,
Cffar Their Stock of
j GRANITE
i ano MARBLE
ponumsnts
§ . STATUARY,
1 ETC. .....
At Prices Regardless
of Cost, to Realizj.
Good Quality
Low Prices
Sells Our
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Handsome premiums
Please our customers
Come Just to See
Great Aisniaa tatta Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
riO-ni Grant At«. (Bet. butter *ad PoetX
lei Market St. <Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
US Uayea St. CS Third St.
1419 Polk St. 121 MontffoznsTT At*
1518 Mission St. 705 LarSOn St.
KC6 SUteenth St. : . 1819 Pertaadero St.
14S Ninth St. 475 Hatffht St.
JCC8 Fillmore St. KSS MlssJon St.
a Market St. Z732 14th St.
s i OAKLAND STORES.
1C63 "WasiJlnxtoa St. «1« K. 12" 1 3U
ltn Broadway. 11K * 2d , A * t - ., li?£
1810 Seventh St. Utt Part St- AUmxi*
4- Room Furniture
FOR $98,
BEDROOM— Cedroom *?t. 7 piec«. hardwood;
1 tfooa Wire Spring. I good Top Mattress. 1
Pair Pillows. „ .
PARLOK-5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Vphol-
DINIXO-V.OOM— 1 HaWwood Extension Table.
« Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN'— 1 Patent Table. 1 Jfo. T Stovs, 1
Chairs.
Xo extra charee on credit.
_ MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CCX
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Oppression, Suffocation, Kenralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
PmU. t. ESPIC ; Knr York, B. JODGKaA * 00
6Olt> bt aui. pauociaTa.
RRTTQHFQ FOR barbers, bak.
DrLUOill-rfO t-. bootblacks, bath.
. houtes. billiard table*
tr*wer». bookbinders, candy-makers, cann-rs!
<»*•'"• flourmtlls.- foundries, laundries. Datwrl
hank-ers. printers, paintem. shoe ractorle* it*.
Llemen. tar-roofers, taaners. tailors. «to.
HUCHAXVI BROS..
Brash Manufacturers 6O9 Sacratnanto St
Weekly Call, SI per Year