Judge Greene Refuses to Receive Report of
§the Inquisitorial Body Because of the
Absence of a Juror.
Rumor That the Alameda Grand
Jury Found True Bill Against
the Assessor Causes a Sensation*
DALTON REPORTED
TO BE INDICTED
During the tierce Fighting the I hirteenth Battalion
of the Imperial Yeomanry Was Surrounded by
the Republican Forces and Captured- -Methuen
Fails to Save Brave Irish Troops.
British Commander Reports Occupation of
the Transvaal Capital by His Army,
f V-T 71 /' ' j • O Sfe * ¦•• • > f T'T T
UUl 1 II o I L/uolctlllCy- i ICdVY L^Ui3j4
PRETORIA HAS BEEN
CAPTURED BY ROBERTS
"Our heavy guns of the naval and royal
artillery, which had purposely been placed
In the front part of the column, were hur
ried to the assistance of the mounted in
fantry as fast as oxen and mules could
travel over the great rolling hills sur
rounding Pretoria. The guns were sup
ported by Stevenson's brigade, and after
a few rounds drove the enemy from their
positions.
"The Boers then attempted to turn our
left flank. In which they were again foiled
by the mounted infantry and yeomanry,
supported by Maxwell's brigade of Tuck
er's division.
"As, however, they still kept pressing
our left rear, I sent word to Ian Hamil
ton, who was advancing three miles to
our left, to incline toward us and fill un>
the gap between the two columns. This
finally checked the enemy, who were
driven back toward Pretoria. I hoped wo
would have been able to follow them up,
but the days now are very short in this
part of the world; and after nearly twu
hours' marching and fighting we had to
bivouac on the ground gained during tho
day.
"The Guards Brigade Is quite near tho
southernmost fort by which Pretoria 13
defended and less than four miles from
the town.
"French with the Third and Fourth
cavalry brigades and Hutton's New South
Wales Mounted Rifles Is north of Pretoria.
"Broadwood's brigade is between
. "SIX MILES SPRUIT, 8:30 p. m.. Juno
4.— We started this morning at daybreak
and marched about ten miles to Six Miles
Spruit, both banks of which were occu
pied by the enemy. Henry's and Ross'
mounted infantry, with the "West Somer
set, Dorset, Bedford and Sussex compa
nies of yeomanry, quickly dislodged them
from the south bank and pursued them
nearly a mile, when they found them
selves under a heavy fire from guns which,
the Boers had placed In a well concealed,
commanding position.
morning issues the following dispatch re
ceived from Lord Roberta:
Continued on Second Page.
LONDON, June 5.— Special dispatches received this evening from Algiers portray a serious situation.
Thousands of Moors are massing 1 at Fuiglg; and in the neighborhood, preparing for a determined
attack upon the advance "posts of the French.' The French columns have joined hands at Zoubia,
but the men suffer terribly from -heat and thirst and hundreds of camels died. The French are preparing
entrenchments and are confident of their ability to repel an attack and even to take the offensive against .
Fuigig if necessary. ..".'¦ _.V "~~
MOORS MASSING TO
BATTLE WITH FRENCH
LONDON, June 5.— The "War Office this
PLENTY OF FIGHTING
ON WAY TO PRETORIA
the evening processions marched along
the Strand, Piccadilly and other leading
thoroughfares. In fact, so great was the
crush that the easiest method of locomo
tion was to Join one of tho processions,
for whose strident choruses and waving
flags all traffic was stopped. Coaches and
cabs were freely chartered. In honor of
the joyful occasion, and these were soon
so packed with Invited and uninvited
guests that they assumed the aspect of
living pyramids of bacchanalians. Bable3
In arms, white-haired womer). girls of the
street, clubmen in evening dress and
\Vhitechapel costermongers Intermingled
in the flaring thoroughfares, bent upon
celebrating the victory- -^ ' .,'
Into the faces of all were continually
thrust huge peacock feathers, described
for no known reason as "Kruger's per
suaders." Girls were indiscriminately
kissed, jostled and tossed around amid
the ecstatic Jubilation of the crowd. A
species of confetti which stuck to the
clothing of the recipient proved a. popu
lar form of showing one's exultation until
the stores of the peddlers ran out.
As the night grew older rowdyism of
the worst form held sway. From almost
every barroom came sounds of inebriate
attempts to sing "God Save the Queen"
and "Rule Britannia."
At the music halls and theaters last
evening the mention of Lord Roberts at
Pretoria brought every audience to its
feet in a second, and it was almost im
possible for the performers to hold the
Interest of those in front of them. Every
building possessing an Illuminating device
u«ed it for all It was worth until the
metropolis was ablaze with llsht. The
clubs on Pall Mall were lit up with a
huge torch and the staid old street of
murky buildings was scarcely recogniz
able. ..-.¦¦• -
LONDON, June 5.— England has been
celebrating to-night the fall of Pretoria
very much as she did the relief of Mafe
king. _ Drunkenness has been a trifle less
than when Baden-Powell was the hero
of the moment, but in London and in
other large towns the scenes last evening
•were practically a repetition of those .who
marked the other victories, and long after
midnight uproarious yelling, the tooting
of horns and the discordant chants as
cended from city streets usually at such
an hour as silent as the grave. During
ALL ENGLAND CELEBRATES
THE FALL OF PRETORIA
"It was arranged that Pretoria should
be taken possession of by her Majesty's
troops at *2 o'clock this afternoon. Mrs.
Botha and Mrs. Kruger are both in Pre
toria. Some few of the British prisoners
have been taken away, but the majority
are still at Watervil. Over a hundred of
the officers are in Pretoria. The few I
have seen are looking well."
"In his reply Botha told me he had
decided not to defend Pretoria and he
trusted women, children and property
would be protected. At 1 a. m. to-day
while in line of f march I was met by three
of the principal officials with a flag of
truce, stating their wish to -surrender the
town. 'ff/" ; .
"I replied that I would gladly meet the
commandant general the next morning,
but that I -was not prepared to discuss
any terms as the surrender of the town
must be unconditional. I asked for a re
ply by daybreak, as I had ordered the
troops to march on the town as soon as
it was light.
Commandant General Botha, and a gen
eral officer of the Boer army, who brought
me a letter from Botha proposing an
armistice for the purpose of settling the
terms of surrender.
"PRETORIA. June 5, 12:55 p. m. — Just
before dark yesterday the enemy were
beaten back from nearly all the positions
they had been holding and Ian Hamilton's
mounted infantry followed them. to within
2000 yards of Pretoria, through which they
retreated hastily. " De Lisle then sent an
officer with a flag of truce into the town
demanding its surrender in my name.
Shortly before midnight I was awakened
by "two -officials 'of 'the 'South African re
public, Sandberg,: military "secretary to
BOERS BEATEN BACK
AND PRETORIA TAKEN
LONDON, June 5, 11:07 p. m.— The War
Office has received the following from
"It is a very regrettable circumstance,
but I trust it will not be very long before
the Irish Yeomanry are released from
captivity." . • , _ ¦ ,
"Methuen attacked the Boers, who were
between two and three thousand strong,
and after a running fight of five hours
completely routed the enemy.
"Methuen was then on the march, on the
Heilbron side of. Kroonstad, and. half an
hour after the receipt of my telegram, on
June 1. he started off. By 10 a. m. or the
following day he had marched forty-four
miles in twenty-five hours, but he was too
late to rescue Colonel Sprague's Yeo
manry.
•'PRETORIA STATION, June 5—12:55
p. m. — I regret to report that the Thir
teenth Imperial Yeomanry had to surren
der to a very superior force of the enemy
on May 31, near Lindley. On receiving in
formation of the battalion being attacked
I ordered Methuen to proceed -with all
speed to Its assistance.
of the dispatch from Lord Roberts an
nouncing the disaster to the Thirteenth
Battalion of the Imperial Yeomanry:
ROBERTS REGRETS TO
REPORT THE SURRENDER
LONDON, June 6. 4:40 a. m.— Queen
Victoria, surrounded by the Duke
and Duchess of York, Princess
Christian, Princess Victoria and
many other notables of her court,
drank to the health of Ix>rd Roberts and
the army at Balmoral last evening. A
bonfire, lighted at her Majesty's com
mand, blazed on Craiggown Mountain, il
luminating the country for miles around.
The nation joins in the toast, glorifying
Lord Roberts and turbuiently rejoicing in
his. victory.
The dispatches of Lord Roberts, telling
of the Incidents before the surrendering
of the capital by three civilians, stand
alone, as the correspondents with him
have not had their turn with the wires.
Lord Roberts' postscript announcing the
loss of the Yeomanry battalion came too
late for the public to know it last evening.
The newspaper commentators consider
tho Incident deplorable, but as having no
•weight to speak of in the results. The
battalion numbered between 400 and 500.
General Botha and most of hia men got
away from Pretoria. This is inferred from
Lord Roberts' message, but the presump
tion is that the Boer commandant-general
cannot escape the British dispositions
without a fight.
Operations elsewhere seem to have
dwindled to nothing. General Baden-
Powell joined Hunler on Sunday at Lich
tenburg. Sir Redvers Duller has not
moved.
Bennett Burleigh. wiring from Johan
nesburg, says President Kruger took £2,
000.000 in cash to Middleburg.
Mr. Burleigh and Guy H. Scull, an
American correspondent, entered Johan
nesburg the night before Lord Roberts
occupied the city, and made a tour of it
unmolested by the armed burghers.
too late.
—New York World.
LONDON, June 5, 12:47 p. m— The War Office has issued the following dispatch
from Lord Roberts:
"PRETORIA, June 5, 11:40 a.m.-We are now in possession of Pretoria.
The official entry will be made this afternoon, at 2 o'clock."
Lord Roberts reported to the War Office 'at- midnight that the Thirteenth
Battalion of the Imperial Yeomanry (Irish) was "overwhelmed by the Boers at
Lindley." ' Lord Methuen made a "magnificent march to the rescue," but was
TOO LATE.
Situation Becomes So Serious
That More American Marines
Are Landed by Admiral Kempff .
*
Powers Fear a Conflict Between the
Rebels and Russian Troops, and Plans
for Joint Action Being Formed.
CHINESE BOXERS
CLOSE TO PEKING
NITP7 YORK, June 6. — Cable nd vices from China this morning
shove the situation around Peking and Tientsin to be even more
serious than it has yet been. The "Borers" continue to close in on
:be latter city, -which is practically under arms, "while Russian .troops
ire said to have been ordered from Port Arthur to tb.3 neighborhood of
the capital to punish the rebels for killing two Cossacks and wounding
t\«ro others.
Hear Admiral EempfE landed fifty more American marines at
rslju. apparently to reinforce the hundred previously landed, his cipher
raesssge. rrhich is somewhat obscure, indicating that an engagement
was in progress yesterday between "Boxers" and imperial troops.
American missionaries at Pasting-fu at midnight Sunday appealed
to ths United States Minister for immediate aid, as the mission was be
ing- attacked, and intense indignation was felt over the delay in sending
them reinforcements, caused by Chinese red taps. It developed ypjterday
:hat Kr. Norman, as well as l£r. Robinson, of the English Episcopal North
Chines* Mission at Yungching, has been murdered, and it is believed
that the Viceroy concealed the fact. On the "highest ..tithority*' the
North China Gazstte states that the Empress Dowager ordered the For
eign Cfiice to resist the landing of more European troops and to uvfy all
powers rather than interfere with the "Boxers." Naval representatives
of the po-xers are said to have asked permission of their Governments
to blockade the Peiho River as well as Tientsin.
Germany regards the situation as ominous and dreads an encounter
between the "Boxers'' and Russian troops. It is believed in Berlin that
the powers may exsreise joint control as they did in Crete, and the pow
ers are said to be exchanging dispatches with a view to the selection
of a commander for the combined fleets. Peking is believed to be men
aced by "Boxers'' and reports continue of their damage to property and
of tb.e uselessness and desertings of the Chinese troops on the rail-way.
The Situation Is Alarming.
BERLIN. June ».— The latest news re
irarding the "Boxers" has reached here,
both by private and official telegrams, all
cf which make the eituation b'.ack and
alarming. The German Foreign Office
considers the encounter between the
"Boxers" and Russians an event probably
fraught with the greatest danger.
News has also reached here that several
German and Catholic missionaries in • ¦ i
province of Shantung have been pillaged
by mobs supposed to have been Incited by
the "Boxere"' agitation.
Bequests for a Blockade.
VIENNA. June 5.— The Neue Frei Presse
to-day says the representatives of the for
*ign powers at Peking have requested
their Governments to absent to the squad
ron cf foreign vessels blockading the
Poiho River, leading to Peking, as well as
Llocltading Tientsin.
More Marines I*anded.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The Secretary
of the Navy has received the following
cablegram from Admiral Kempff , com
manding the United States ship N.cwark.
lying at the Taku forts at the mouth of
the Peiho River, dated Taku. June 5:
"Engagement has co.-nmer.csd. Have
landed force of fifty eeamen more—bat
talion of marines. KEMPFF.
Tho cipher message Is not entirely legi
ble and it is supposed at the Navy De
partment that the admiral means that he
hae landed fifty men to reinforce the bat
talicn of marines already ashore.
The State Department has received a
cablegram from Minister Cong«r at Pe
king, staling that matters have taken a
much more serious turn there. No details
are elver., but It !s indicated that the
Boxefi* activity is extending very closely
to the Chinese capital. The State Depart
ment still finds Itself unable to do more
lhan it has already ordered respecting the
protection of American interests in China,
troops are not available, and even if they
were the Government here is disinclined
to participate in any joint demonstration
that would menace the integrity of the
Chinese empire. This statement is a suffi
cient answer to the intimation coming
from tho British newspapers that United
States co-operation -with British force* In
China would l>e welcome.
SHANGHAI. Monday, June 4. —The
Shanghai Gazette says it has the high
est authority for stating that the Dow-
I apcr Empress has ordered the Tsung-11
i.Yamen to face all Europe rather than to
j interfere with the Boxer movement.
Klsewhere it is asserted that the Viceroy
i has ordered troops to oppose the further
j landing of parties from foreign warships
I and that the troops now engaged in opera
tions are designed to prevent further for-
J eign reinforcements reaching Peking.
Chinese Troops Desert. !
TIENTSIN. June 5.-A representative of
the Associated Press visited Huang Tsun.
on the Peking-Tientsin Railway, to-day
and found that the station and two
bridges had been burned. The officers
commanding the Chinese troops there said
' that 200 of his men had bolted and only
! fifty remained. These fought well, killing;
i a nun-. her of the Boxers. The bolting
i troops were badly cut up in the adjacent
j broken country. It is stated that sixty
were killed or wounded. Some of the'.r
i bodies tvere recovered, frightfully mutl
j lated. Iijir.ds of Boxers are patrolling the
neighborhood, but hare- not interfered
with the party of Associated Press repre
sentatives. All the Chinese railway em
ployes-are deserting their posts and the
troops sent to guard the stations appear
{ to be worse than useless. A guard of 2S0
sent to Feng Tai bolted at Lu Kou Chao
yesterday- morning when they 'heard of
the trouble at Huang Asung.
News has ju?t been received from the
Viceroy, through the men ho sent' to
Yung-Ching. that Mr. Norman of tho
JCorth China mission was murdered Fri
day or Saturday. It is thought that the
I Viceroy knew of Mr. Norman's murder at
i the time of Mr. Robinson's,
Boxers Approaching Tientsin.
LON-ON', June 6.— A dispatch to the
i Daily Mail from Tientsin, dated June 4,
j says: "The situation is very serious.
! Tho Boxers are approaching Tientsin on
I all sides."
i The Shanghai correspondent of the
j Dally Mail telegraphing yesterday says:
'The Boxers are within three miles of.
Tientsin. In addition to the marines the
! defensive force includes voluntears under
' the command of Major Iligrrs, late of the
i Sixteenth Lancers. The town is practi
j ca'.ly under arms."
The Berlin correspondent, of the Daily
Chronicle save: "In official circles here
it is believed that the situation in China
has grown worse. The powers are now
exchanging dispatches regarding the ap
pointment of a single commander of the
j united European and American squad
] ron."
No actual Indictment was found, how
ever, though the .conduct of the office
was gone Into with great attention to de
tails, and the last session of the Grand
Jury this afternoon was a very stormy
one over this very point.
The Grand Jury began an investigation
of Jthe office of Countx Assessor Dalton
some weeks ago. paying special attention
to the manner of the collection of personal
property taxes and the retention by the
Assessor of fees for the collection of poll
taxes A civil suit covering this latter
point was ordered by the Supervisors yes
terday, so that this was disposed of out
side of the Grand Jury-
The County Assessor at once opened
upon the Grand Jury and accused that
boJy of attempting to Injure him and of
"doing politics" against him. The Grand
Jury replied by summoninr Mr. Dalton
and all of his deputies and their examina
tion occupied several days. The principal
point under investigation was the collec
tion of personal property taxes, but the
Inquiry went into the withholding of fees
for the preparation of the Oakland city
assessment roll and the Assessor's report
of labor upon that work, his withholding
of fees for the collection of poll taxesand
alleged failure to collect poll taxes. The
law covering the collection of personal
property taxes makes the Assessor liable
upon his bond for all uncollected taxes
of this variety. It was found that M:%
Dalton's accounts exactly balanced and
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 5.
*jn? SENSATION was created this af
f/\ ternoon by the report that County
II Henry P. Dalton had
been indicted by the Grand Jury.
The Grand Jury concluded its labors this
afternoon and attempted to make its re
port, but Judge Greene refused to accept
it on the technical ground that R. M.
\, entworth, one of the Grand Jury men,
was absent, Holding- that the fall jury
must be present when the report was
filed. He ordered the Grand Jury to be
present Thursday, when it will file its re
port and receive its discharge.
Scarcely had the Grand Jury been dis
missed temporarily than it was reported
that its investigation of the County
Assessor's office had resulted in an in
dictment against Assessor Dalton. In a
very few moments the report spread in
every direction. It was well known that
the Grand Jury had paid no little atten
tion to the office of the County Assessor.
"There has been some talk that I have
been dilatory in the collection of personal
property taxes. The only thing I can say
in relation to this charge is that I have
done my full duty. My deputies have
been instructed to overlook nothing, and
if there have been any difficulties In this
matter, it has been because of *h»<T In
ability to gather the money."
"I have heard rumors during the day
to the effect that I am to be in
dicted by the Grand Jury. Whether
there Is any truth in these rumors I
am unable to say, but I can truth
fully assert that they cause me ab
solutely no worry- If the Grand Jury re
turns an indictment against me it will
be at the instigation of my political ene
mies, who are attempting at this time to
do everything that tends to my defeat for
the office of Congressman from this dis
trict. While I have not conversed with
any member of the Grand Jury, I have
been led to believe by my friends that
there have been no findings against me by
that body. In fact. I am at a loss to
know on what charge I could be held ac
countable to the law. My administration
as Assessor has been free from scandal,
and my force of deputies I consider as
honorable, and reliable as any body of
men that "could be brought together la
any public office.
County Assessor Dalton denies the In
dictment story^ and also charges politics
as the basis oT the Grand Jury's move.
Mr. Dalton said this evening:
That the Grand Jury has gone into
these affairs very closely was well known,
and this caused the excitement that fol
lowed the announcement that Mr. Daltoti
had" been Indicted. This was added to by
the fact that County Clerk Frank C. Jor
dan, who is Intimately connected with
Mr. Dalton's campaign for Congress and
Is doing the active work of a campaign
manager, said that an indictment had
been found by the Grand Jury against
Dalton. and with the same breath de
nounced it as a political scheme to Injure
Dalton. As Mr. Joraan 13 so intimately
connected with Mr. Dalton's campaign
and as he was called as one of the last
witnesses before the Grand Jury to-day,
color was given to his first statement.
that there was no personal property roil
except what had been collected. An in
vestigation into this phase cf the mat
ter brought the charge that the original
property roll had been destroyed and thst
the roll as it existed had been made to fit
the collections.
Ccunty Assessor Henry P. Dal ion.
._EHPB£SS DOWAGER OF CHINA. -^
(From a Photograph of the Only Portrait of Her In Existence).
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO,' WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXYIII-XO. 6.
The San Francisco Call
LONDON, June 5.— Following Is the textSEATTLE, Wash., June 5.— The United
States transport Seward, which . carries
General Randall and, staff to Nome, did
not get away- to-day, as was expected,
but It is stated she will leave to-morrow.
Seward Delayed.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The Senate to
day confirmed the nomination of Brigadier
General Elwell S. Otis, U. S. A.,. to bo
major general.
ELWELL S. OTIS
A MAJOR GENERAL
President McKinley and Governor
Steunenberg Censured for the
Troubles in Idaho.
NEW YORK. June 5.— At the fourth
day's session of the Socialist Labor party
convention a declaration of principles
was adopted which was substantially the
same as that of 189G. Special resolutions
were adopted which are expected to fur
nish the rallying cry for this year.
This cry is, "Remember the bull-pen."
These resolutions censure President Mc-
Kinley for the troubles with the miners
In Idaho, as well as "the Free Silver Bry
anistic Governor Steunenberg, the Silver
Republican State Auditor Sinclair and
the Populist Governor Smith of Montana,"
bcridis various Judges and labor leaders,
including Gompers and Debs.' v
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY
NEW YORK SOCIALISTS
His Cottage Stolen.
Bpocial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 5.— James McCue
has applied to District Attorney. Mclsaac
for a warrant for the arrest of 'Richard
Lynch of vLarksmir. McCue claims that
while he was in the Klondike Lynch stole
a five-room cottage In the town of Corte
Madera and removed it from its location.
SEATTLE, • Wash., June 5.— Captain J.
B. Coghlan, commandant pf the Port Or
chard Naval? Station, who has been seri
ously ill with pneumonia at the Seattle
Hospital. 1b -slightly, improved. The at
tending physician said, to The Call cor
respondent to-night -1 that he looked for
Captain Coghlan's early recovery.
Captain Coghlan Becovering.
Special EHBP&tch to The Call
Chairman of the Committee of tha
Bachelors' Club of London Makes
a Statement.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 6.— There is no doubt
about the expulsion of the Due d'Orleans
from the Bachelors' Club.
The Duke, it will be remembered, re
fused to resign. William Gillette, chair
man of the committee of the Bachelors'
Club, .writes:.. - -
"I wish to state that "at a committee
meeting held on. May 17 a resolution was
unanimously passed to erase the Duke's
name from' the list of members."
The letter which the Duke has had
published, and which has been so much
commented on, was received, after the
meeting had been held.
NO DOUBT AS TO DUC
D'ORLEANS' EXPULSION
Representative Levy Introduces a
Bill in the House in Furtherance
of the Flan.
Ppeeial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON June S.—Representa
tive Levy of New York wants the Gov
ernment of the United. States to use its
good offices with the French republic to
secure the restoration of Captain Dreyfus
to his rank in the French army. He in
troduced a resolution in the House of
Representatives providing for the con
veyance of the request of this Govern
ment, through the Secretary of State, to
the French Governr. cnt for the restora
tion of Captain Dreyfus to his former
place in the French army. The resolu
tion was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
WANTS THIS GOVERNMENT
TO AID CAPTAIN DREYFUS
There was a significant incident. During
the singing of the anthem a tall Free
State artillerist, who was watching the
ceremony, refused to remove his hat, and
a bystander tried to force him to do so,
whereupon a British guardsmen forcefully
Interposed, saying: "Leave him alone. He
fought for his flag., You are too cowardly
to fight for any fla?."
' A march past subsequent to the march
through the town closed the ceremony.
Lord Roberts' headquarters was , at a
email inn in an orange grove. There was
a characteristic scene there at the close
of his victorious day. One of ,the staff
officers approached In order to discuss a
matter. of importance and found the field
marshal with the innkeeper's little daugh
ter on his knee, trying to teach her to
write. When the officer interrupted, Lord
Roberts looked up with a smile and said:
"Don't come now. Can't you see 1 am
busy?" -
After a brief interval the rattlo of
drums and shrieking of fifes heraJded the
approach of General Pole-Carew's Guards.
The- troops were drawn up around the
flagstaff, and the Union Jack.- worked by
Lady Roberts, was hoisted, the fifes play
ing "God Save the Queen." As the music
ceased a great" roar of cheers broke out,
followed by a chorus of "God save the
Queen."
At about 2 o'clock cheers in the distance
heralded the approach of Lord Roberta.
The din increased and became deafening
as the commander in chief, calm and-col
lected, leading the column into the square,
reached the front of the courthouse. The
crowd became almost unmanageable, try
ing to break through the cordon formed
by the bodyguard, in order to get closer
Views. Cheers and cries of welcome and
"Well done, Bobs," resounded on all sides.
After his introduction to the chief offi
cials Lord Roberts dismounted and en
tered tho courthouse, made a short speech
accepting the surrender of the place and
requesting the officials to retain their of
fice for the present.
General Roberts afterward left the
building, remounted and the "Vierklur"
was hauled down, amid hurrahs from the
nondescript population. But there was
visible emotion on the part of many of
the rugged burgherB. j Tears streamed
down the faces of the big, bearded men at
the sight of the loss of tho fla«jthey had
fought for so well.
JOHANNESBURG. Friday, June 1.— The
entry of an armed force yesterday into
this large, modern, populous town afford
ed such a strange contrast to the previous
incidents of the war as to make the occa
sion peculiarly memorable. Soon after 10
o'clock Lord Roberts and. his staff left the
camp, followed by the Guards and Steven
son's brigades and newspaper correspond
ents. Preparations had been made on a
large scale to welcome the field marshal.
The space around the courthouse was
thronged and the balconies were filled
with ladies. In front of the courthouse
the "Vlerklur" Free State flag still flew.
INCIDENTS OF THE
TAKING OF JOHANNESBURG
French's and Hamilton's columns and
Gordon is watching the right flank of the
main force not far from the railway
bridge at Irene Station, which was de
stroyed by the enemy. Our casualties, I
hope, are very few."
PRETORIA HAS
BEEN CAPTURED
Continued from First Page.
CLEAN-UP IN
KLONDIKE WILL
BE VERY LARGE
Reports Show That Most of
the Smaller Creeks Are
Panning Out Well.
Passengers From the Steamer Flora
Estimate That the Season's Out
put Will Be Twenty-
Five Millions.
Special Dlsiwtch to The-Call.
TACOMA, June 5.— The first party out
of Dawson by steamer reached here t<J*
day. They left the Flora at Le Barge,
walked to White ' Horse and took wagons
to the extension of the White Pass Rail
way and came to Skaguay by train. The
steamer left Dawson on May 19 and
reached Le Barge in seven days. Most of
the passengers remained with the boat,
which has reached -White Horse. She has
the first malls out since the winter tra'l
closed in April. The mail will reach Skag
uay in a day or two.
A. M. Kilgore, a Dawson trader in the
party, says the Klondike clean-up was
well under way when they left and would
-reach $25,000,000. Some of the smaller
dumps were already finished though the
work has been delayed by lack of water.
From all the creeks reports were that the
clean-up would be 50 per cent greater than
last year.
All the creeks were turning out better
than had been expected except Sulphur
'Creek, from which great returns were
looked for, but the rich strike made there
was found to be only a pocket. The yield
from the Sulphur diggings will not exceed
$60,000.
Reports from Atlin by C. D. Newton
say the clean-up there will be $3,000,000
from six on which extensive
hydraulic workings have been in opera
tion. Pine. Spruce, AVillow and othe~
creeks will all make a good showing. Ex-
Mayor Brackett of Minneapolis, Thomas
Dunn and Alderman Skinner of Van
couver cleaned up $10,000 in a three days."
run on "Willow Creek and expect to take
out $300,000. Preparations are being made
for working Atlin properties on a large
scale this season.
Ordinance Must Be Obeyed
Declares Police Com
mission.
NO LICENSES FOR
SALOONS HAVING
SIDE ENTRANCES
Board Says.
Mere Selling of Eatables .Does Not
Make Retail Liquor Establish
' ment a Restaurant, the
The Police Commissioners held their
regular weekly meeting at their rooms In
the new City Hall last night and devoted
considerable time to the saloon license
question-
Many applications for renewal of li
censes were refused by the board and
the determination of the Commissioners
to close . Bide entrances to saloons made
itself manifest' in the declaration that
hereafter applicants for renewal of li
censes must satisfy the board that they
wduld obey all orders or receive no per
mit to -sell llauor.
Green Brothers, the Reception. "Pop"
Sullivan and Kapp & Street s were rep
resented by counsel who pleaded for their
clients ana made all manner of state
ments to avoid coming under the ban,
but the commission refused to be
swerved and gave as its ultimatum that
the mere fact of selling eatables in a sa
loon did not constitute it a legitimate
restaurant, and further declared that the
saloons mentioned must close their side
entrances or go out of business.
Charles Kapp, representing the saloon
known as Kapp & Street's, was informed
that the Commissioners had visited his
place and were dissatisfied with It and Its
six entrances. The board gave him one
week in which to close several of his
doors and ordered him "to conduct a more
orderly place in the future on penalty of
being refused the much-coveted license.
Regarding the pension list the commis
sion decided that all policemen who are
receiving pensions for disability must be
examined by a board of physicians and
where the disability is not apparent a call
will be made on them for a return to
duty. If an officer who has been ad-
Judged fit and capable refuses to go to
work his pension will be stopped.
J. P. Cottle. a policeman who was dis
missed from the force In 1894 for arrest
ing J. Downey Harvey, was reinstalcd by
the Commissioners on the special recom
mendation of Mr. Harvey and the eld
board.
John Clousky, a machinist, while at
work in the Union Iron Works yesterday,
got his right hand afoul of a perpendic
ular drill, which so lacerated the member
as to call for its amputation. The injured
man resides at 317 -Ninth street. ,
His Right Hand Cut-Off.
Charles O'Donnell was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on the charge of man
slaughter in $2000 bonds. During a quar
rel with his undo, Bernard Kearney, a
teamster, in another uncle s saloon at
Spear and Folsom streets on January 1.
l«n), he struck him on the head, fracturing
his skull. Nine days later the uncle* died
and O'Donnell left tho city, returning a
few days ago. . '
Held for Manslaughter.
J. -F. Kennedy filed suit yesterday
against the Board of Fire Commissioners
to restrain it from awarding the con
tract for horseshoeing for one year fol
lowing June 1 to John O'Rourke and to
compel the board to award it to him. Ken
nedy alleges that he was the lowest bid
der, but that as the board was in collu
sion with O'Ronrke it awarded him % the
contract in violation of the law and its
duty. ,
He Alleges Collusion.
Experiment With New Gas Lights.
The Board of Public Works granted per
mission to the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Light Company yesterday morn
ing to erect four Incandescent gas lamp
posts on City Hall square, opposite
Eighth, street. The liehts will be main
tained as an experiment, as it has been
stated that their general use will effect a
saving of $40,000 per year in the city's gas
bills.
With a number of State dejegations thr
color question has been made an issue.
The Iowa delegation was the first to meet
this morning- and to put its protest on
paper. This afternoon the Utah delega
tion called on Mrs/ Ruflin in a body and
offered their support. Mrs. Ruffin said to
day that notwithstanding she was namel
as a delegate from two white organiza
tions—the New England Press Association
and Massachusetts State .Federation — she
would not present her credentials from
these organizations.- She will enter as a
delegate of the New Era Club of Boston
or not at all. In the meantime she is
occupying a seat with the Massachusetts
delegation, but has no vote.
The formal opening this morning was
most impressive— 20tw women tilling the
auditorium, the boxes and the two bal
conies and even standing room being at
a premium in the rear. The hall was
artistically decorated.
The chief feature of the session was
Mrs. Lowe's address.
This address was preceded by words of
welcome from Davis S. Rose, Mayor of
Milwaukee; Mrs. James Sidney Peck, on
behalf of the women's clubs of Milwaukee,
and Mrs. Arthur Xevilte, for the Wiscon
sin Federation. The response was by the
vice president, Mr?. Sarah Platt Decker,
who was given an ovation.
After Mrs. Lowe's address came greet
ings from other national organizations, in
cluding a telegram from Mrs. Carrie
Chapman Catt of New York, president of
the National Suffrage Association.
At the afternoon session came a series
of reports. Mrs. George H. Noyes of Mil
waukee, chairman of the credentials com
mittee, reported on the number of dele
gates that had registered up to noon to
day. This included 6S4 delegates and 197
alternates, including about 100 officers and
members of committees who were entitled
to a vote. So far Illlonls has the largest
delegation, numbering 110 members. The
committee on rules and regulations, Mrs.
Lucia Blount of Washington, chairman,
reported that delegates would be allowed
one speech on a motion and that th«
speech should not exceed three minutes.
This was amended to read five minutes
only when the question of reorganization
came up.
To-night the Alhambra Theater was
thronged with a fashionable audience, be
fore which Mrs. Hamlln Garland lectured
on the possibilities of sculpture.
Succumbing to the pressure brought to
bear from delegates all over the country,
Mrs. Lowe announced about midnight to
the representative of the Associated Press
that she had consented, contrary to her
expectation when she came to the conven
tion, to allow her name to be used as a
candidate for the presidency.
MILWAUKEE, June s.— The opening of
the fifth biennial convention #f the Gen
eral Federation of Women's Clubs to-day
was most animated. Mrs. Lowe delivered
her biennial address at the morning ses
sion. The Massachusetts delegation held
an indignation meeting during the day at
which a committee of two was appointed
to carry out the wishes of this delegation
to support the colored delegate, Mrs. Jose
phine Ruffin. The committee presented a
resolution of protest to the board of di
rectors in which they asked that the col
ored delegate be restored to her rights In
the convention, urging that In a great or
ganization such as the national federa
tion there should be no distinction on ac
count of color. Only three members of
the board spoke in favor of retaining the
colored delegate. They were Mrs. Sarah
Platt Decker of Denver, Airs. Charles
Morris of Berlin, Wis., and Mrs. James
Windsor of Dcs Moines. la. The other
members of the board were either opposed
outright or remained silent. It is prob
able that the board will consider the mat
ter some time to-morrow.
Only Three Members of the Board
Speak in Favor of Seating the
Representative of the
New Era Club.
Debate on the Subject Held
Bsiore the. General
Federation •
COLOR QUESTION
TROUBLING THE
WOMEN'S CLUBS
Brobeck, Junior captain; T. C. Masteller,
recorder; F. A. Tavlor, paymaster; N. H.
Robinson, chaplain: P. P. Flood, senior
lieutenant; F. M. "Warren, Junior lieuten
ant; R. P. Kellose and H. M. Ladd. ser
greants; W. A. Ftaney, sentinel: S. C;
Wallis.A. J. Whee'lock and J. T. Long,
auditors; Dr. A. S. Tuchler, standard
bearer. The division has adopted the
name San Francisco.
Suspected Native Spy Brought Blindfold Into the British Camp, j
The delegate* are Instructed to enter
the national convention as a unit and to
Tn« Democracy of New York favors the nomi
nation of William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska,
for President of the United States at the com
ing convention and the delegates selected by
this convention are hereby instructed to unite
with the Democracy of the ether States of the
Union in making such nomination, and we
pledge the unfailing support of the Democracy
of New York to the platform adopted at such
convention.
The platform denounces the Republican
national administration for its weakness
and corruption, for the "scandals of its
military administration" and "offensive
boMism around the White House," and
declares that administrative reform Is
necessary In every department of the
General Government.
It d«*clar«»s for the vigorous mainte
nance of the Monro-2 doctrine and ex
presses opposition to any alliance with
any foreign Government whereby the In
fluence of this Government cannot be
freely exercised for the maintenance and
extension of republican institutions and
In favor of any brave people struggling
to be free.
The people view with distrust the recent os
tentatious. fut!!e end insincere efforts of Re
publican leaders in Washineton to apparently
<lo something for the first time In relation to
trusts on the eve of a Presidential election,
after a refusal for years to even seriously con
sider the popular demand in that direction.
The Democratic n&rty pledges Itself that. If
Intrusted with pow-er In cither the State or the
nstion, it will devote Its best energies to the
relief of the people from these oppressive mo
nop illes. BBmB
These truirts «.nd combinations are the direct
outgrowth of the policy of the Republican
party, which has created, fostered and protect
ed them. It rt-ceives their support and 60liclts
end accepts their prodigal contributions to aid
lt» election to power, aiid It Is therefore ln
capacitfctfd arjd anwilllng to abolish and de
stroy 'hem. or even to properly regulate and
restrict them.
We express our unqualified opposition to those
lirir.enne combinations of capital commonly
laown as trustK which are controlling and
monopoliiiinc industry and business, crushing
out Independent produoerK of limited means, de
stroying competition, restricting opportunities
for labor, artificially limiting production, rals
iar prices, and by Teason of their alarming
multiplication throughout the country are rap
idly cresting a condition which is becoming ln
toWahle.
The Platform.
The committee on resolutions reported
the platform, which was adopted. Its im
portant declarations follow:
We h.rA<\ to the doctrine that public taxation
t ...'¦: not be imi<o»*>2 lor private purposes, and
ailhtre to the principle of a tarlft for revenue
cn!>.
We assort our opposition to the continuance
of the war ta_kes in tim«"s of peace.
We favor t>oih frold and silver as th« standard
money of the country — the money of the con
ftitution and of our fathers — each to be main
tained at a parity with the other in purchasing
an! dfbt-fjsylng power, which has been the
*t?a<!fa6t policy of the Democratic party since
the days of Jf-fTernon. who declared that "the
monetary unit mufct rtand on both metals."
We 6«t? ownewwd to that foreign poUCT of the
present administration, commonly known as
"impf rUlisrn." which contemplates schemes of
c^nqupFt and the es-talilifhiacnt of colonial bov
«rnmi s nt« in accordance with British theories
fcn'J jiiartiees; demands lar^e Ftandlng armiM
lor th«* i>urj»-«e» of t^ubjupa-tion: impoverishes
the people with vart expenditure,*; creates
hordes ot officials to rule over people- who
fhiuld t>e i#rm'tt"d to rule themselves; disre
gard* the jirlneiples of the r>*»claration of In
<j«-r"-nden<-«r. and materially changes the nature
of our republican form of government.
We deznartd that our solemn ante-war pledges
made by C.-mprvf» to Cuba and to the world
thnuid be speedily fulfilled in god faith, re
serving our national integrity end honor.
Our r'-ain duty t« to abolish all customs tar
iffs between the ITnited States and Puerto Kico
end rive her product* free access to our mar
ketc.
W> condemn Pr«si<5ent McKlnley and a B*
publican Coneresi for a flagrant violation of
thi« plain duty and for their hypocrisy and in
consistencj".
Opposition to Trusts.
It was within fifteen minutes of the time
for the close by the lessees of the hall
when Senator Mackey, chairman of the
committee on electors and delegates, en
tered the hall. He presented the report,
iir;d when the name of Augustus Van
Yk'yck was read there was a storm of
hisses, which ihe Tammany and Kings
County delegates vainly tried to drown
with applauv.
The list, including the district delegates,
•was read and the report was adopted
without a. dissenting vote.
"As the committee on platform is not
ready to report, I desire to, offer the con
vention a platform upon which every man
in the convention can stand — the Chicago
platform of 1S^6."
The man was Edward S. Gates of Essex,
and his action immediately set the conven
tion in an uproar. It was significant,
however, that the Chicago platform ad
vocates were in the minority, for each
lime he tried to speak he was drowned
out with cries, hisses and cheers, until
n'naily the chairman ruled the man out of
order.
The chairmaji called for the report of
The committee on resolutions. It was
stated that it was not ready, and then oc
eurred the rirst dramazic incident of the.
day. A man with one arm Started down
the aisle, waving a. paper. The chair was
evidently without suspicion, for ho got
oown close to ihe stage and turning about
fcaiJ:
Gates Causes an Uproar.
Mr. Danforth was constantly interrupt
ed by applause, especially in his allusions
to the Boers and America's lack of aid.
The mention of bimetallism as an issue
called forth gTeat- applause. Allusions lo
Mr. Bryan caused a tumult of har.dclap-
I'iug and cheers. Mr. Danforth liiiished at
4:'2i amid great applause.
At the afternoon session the committee
on ron tewed stats reported In favor of tile
Bitting delegations irom • Allegheny ana
Chautauqua counties. The committee on
permanent organization reported tne name
of Eliot Dan forth as permanent chairman.
in his address Mr. Danforth assailed
the Republican ,,party as the protector of
trusts, prnila he said "the Democratic par
ty is unalterably opposed to the unlawful
combinations ol capital, and purposes to
make im;»ossible a continuance of such
At the conclusion ol Mr. Norton's speech
the roll ol delegates, was called, and then
the customary resolutions, including one
providing ior the relerenoa of ail resolu
tions to a committee, were introduced and
iixiojjted.
Mr. Nortou on assuming the chair at
tacked the administration of Governor
itooseveli. saying m effect that he had
v.oii his way to the executive orh'ce by
laise pie-tenses; that instead ot doing "his
own thinking" the Governor haa txiktn
his onicrs trom benator PJatt.
Ihe conv« ntion was called to order at
li:-jj hy t- rui;K Campbell, chairman o£ the
b'.aie Central Committee, wtio announced
the selection of John T. Nurton eii Troy
as temporary chairman.
Ihe convention gave promise of being
vory stormy, but t-nded tjuieUy. Ttie par
ticular lea.ture of the convention was tne
domination of unairs bv t'x.-£>v?nu.tor u. JJ.
lilll.
'ine silver men profess to be satisfied
with the result.
The X'latform adopted contains no roaf
iirmation of the Chicago platform of IS'Jo,
but a declaration that the party in the
State will support the platform of the
Kansas City convention. The platform
ueciaits against v. - ar taxes in time of
peace, declares for parity of gold and sil
ver as currency, deniands abolition of all
customs and lariSC duties between Porto
Rico and the United States, condemns
trusts ar.d monoplies and entangling alli
ances, demands just and liberal pension
laws and election of United States
{senators by the people and ia.vors tne
ijonnnaticn ol \V. J. iiryau.
NEW YORK, June 5.— The Democratic
Bute Convention to-day elected these
<Jelepates-at-large to the National Demo
cratic Convention: David 11. Hill. Richard
Croker. Edward K. Murphy and Augustus
Van Wyck. Alternates: Frank Camp
bell, Jacob Ruppcrt Jr.. C. Morgan San
ford and James Shevlin. Ele.ciors-at
larse: Frederick Cock of Rochester and
Hot ert C. Titus of liuffalo.
land show that Rowe (R.) is elected
Mayor by 1073 plurality. The vote for
Mayor is as follows: Rowe (R.), 4631;
Story (Ind. R.), 3618; Wells (D.), 3561.
Party "Will Control Both Houses In
dividually and on Joint
Ballot.
PORTLAND, Or., June 5.— Complete re
turns from twenty-two counties out of the
thirty-three in the State show that in yes
terday's election the Re-publicans carried
the head of the ticket by at least 8000 plu
rality. Returns fo far give Wolverton
(R.) for Justice of the Supreme Courj: a
plurality of 79T1. For Congressman in the
First District Tongue <R.) has 2412 plu
rality. In the Second District Moody (R.)
for Congress has 5550 plurality.
The Republicans will control both
branches of the Legislature and will have
a majority of 22 on joint ballot. The two
houses will be made up as follows:
Senate — Republicans, 20; opposition, 10.
House — Republicans, 36; opposition, 24.
The woman suffrage amendment is de
feated.
Complete returns from the city of Port-
The resolutions will indorse Bryan and
reaffirm the platform of 1896, and con
demn imperialism and trusts. The only
important feature of the day was the
rumored effort of National Committee
man William J. Stone's enemies to block
his way both to renomination as na
tional committeeman and delegate at
large to the national convention, with the
idea of getting him out of the race to suc
ceed United States Senator George G.
Vest in 1903. .
REPUBLICAN MAJORITY
IN STATE OF OREGON
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 5.-A pro
tracted wrangle in the credentials com
mittee over ten contesting delegations
from St. Louis and three from Kansas
City blocked the deliberations of the Mis
souri State Democratic Convention,
which met here to-day to name a full
State ticket. In both instances it is a
contest between police machine and .anti
machine factions. The indications to
night are that the anti-machine men will
win a majority of the seats. The com
mittee will probably remain in session all
night. The committees once out of the
way the convention will, it Is believed,
finish its work promptly.
DEADLOCK AT THE
MISSOURI CONVENTION
Conservative Democrats are now at
tempting- to bring the two factions to
pether by a resolution commending the
administration in general terms and ex
cluding any personal or specific references
whatever. If this is not acceptable there
will probably be a bolt as neither side
j will permit the success of the other. The
I convention will reconvene at 10 a. m.
Idaho County holds the pivotal vote.
The anti-administration delegates at first
only held out for no resolutions at all
touching State affairs, but declared if any
commendation was attemptwd they would
try to denounce the Coeur d'Alene admin
istration.
The credentials committee will favor the
seating of the^anti-Steunenberg delegation
from shoshon'e, but Steunenberg hopes to
def.-at the report in convention, although
his defeat on the temporary organization
makes this look doubtful.
LEWISTOX, Idaho. June 3.— The State
Democratic Convention to elect delegates
to the national convention met this after
noon with John Hailey, State chairman,
presiding. There were 628 delegates rep
resented, about one hundred and twenty
being present exclusive of the contesting
Shoshone delegation of 12 each. For tem
porary chairman the Steunenberg forces
nominated K. M. Wolfe of Klmore and
the opposition H. C. Jackson of Ada. The
vote -resulted in 114 for each and the chair
man declined to decide. On the second
ballot the Siounenlierg men lost three
votes and Jackson was elected. This gave
the appointment of the credentials and
other committees to the opposition. A re
cess was then taken which v. - as subse
quently made an adjournment until to
morrow morniiig to enable the Shoshona
County contest to be thoroughly investi
gated.
The vote in the resolution committee
acainpt the clause reaffirming the cni
cago platform was S3 to 7. In the con
vention Norman K. Mack, leader of the
Filvorites, seconded the motion to adopt
the platform.
STEUNENBERG MEN
LOSE IN IDAHO
act and vote as a unit in accordance with
the will of the majority.
Platform Opposes Trusts, Porto Rican Tariff,
Imperialism and the Administration of
Affairs in General by the Repub
lican Party.
Convention in New York Indorses
f; ¦'
Bryan, but Fights Shy of His
Free-Silver Doctrine.
DEMOCRATS IGNORE
CHICAGO PLATFORM
PLACERVILLE, June 5.— The Placer
ville Daily and Weekly Nugget was sold
to-day to Horace H. Walling. The Nug
get, which is the only daily paper pub
lished in this county, was established five
years ago by the late R.V. Robertson.
Since his death. In December, 1S98, the
paper has been conducted by his widow.
Belle S. Robertson. The paper will con
tinue Republican In politics. • H-.t <-
Placerville Nugget Sold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second— The conduct of the military in the
trying hours from May 2 to the present, amid
the disturbing elements of the Coeur d'Alene.
when fierce passions flamed unchecked, when
no hand was raised to stay the dynamiter and
the murderer, where the mob had been su
preme, is a matter of earnest congratulation to
the country. '
First — The Governor ot Idaho, in his efforts to
establish order and enforce the laws ot the"
State, Is to be commended for his courage and
fearlessness. The blind hatred excited by the
mob, the consequent disturbance of public busi
ness and the reign of lawlessness is In a fair
way to be adjusted. The citizens of Idaho are
to b« coneratulated on the removal of a dan
gerous cancer that had Ions threatened the
peace and order of the State. Better ideas pre
vail as to the rights and duties of men In rela
tion to the preservation of society, and this
improved condition of affairs Is in a great
measure due to the conduct of the Governor of
The majority report says:
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The report of
the Committee on Military Affairs, which
conducted an exhaustive investigation of
the Coeur d'Alene labor agitations and its
exciting Incidents, was submitted to-day,
having been first- approved by a majority
vote of the committee, the minority fa
voring a substitute report, which has al
ready appeared. .
Governor Steunenberg Also Sustained;
in the Report Filel by the Inves
tigation Committee.
COMMENDS MERRIAM FOR
HIS WORK AT WARDNER
"A more technical description of our in
vention is as follows: High currents en
tering a vacuum chamber of glass become
attenuated, and, passing through the con
tact surface of an electrode, leap through
the space between it and the seat of the
disease then ground through space.
The appearance of the discharge resem
bles showers of minute, downy feathers,
its effect on the most sensitive surface
being devoid of all shock or unpleasant
physiological sensation. The density of
the discharge may be regulated at will,
ranging from one-quarter of an inch to
several square feet, according to the
It is an immense induction coil, the sec
ondary circuit of which is wound with
miles of fine wire in a special manner.
The current from an ordinary incan
descent electric light wire is passed
through the primary 104 volts, and tnis in
duces into the secondary circuit a poten
tial too high to be registered by ordinary
volt meters.
The Call's reoresentative held the glass
electrodes and one million volts wera
turned on. The effect was a tickling,
prickly sensation, not unpleasant, and
when the glass electrodes were held sev
eral inches from the glass showers of
sparks passed between.
Mr. Rooney's friends declare he has al
ready worked some miraculous cures of
tuberculosis.
Mr. Rooney said to a Call correspondent
to-day he was certain that a number of
applications of the current would destroy
bubonic plague microbes, and that if the
plague gained a foothold in San Francisco
he would through h?s friend Judge Ma
guire take steps to place his Invention be
fore the San Francisco people. Mr.
Rooney said:
NEW YORK, June 5.— A Berlin cable
published yesterday announcing the dis
covery by scientists that the bacilli of. all
diseases could be destroyed by high volt
age, low current electricity without in
jury to the patient created considerable
Interest in this city.
A prominent member of the Electrical
Engineering Institute of New York says
it has long been believed if not positively
known that electricity applied at high
voltage is death to bacilli.
John. Rooney, a prominent attorney and
a friend of Judge Magulre of Callforn'a,
has two sons here who are electrical en
gineers. One year ago, when in Washing
ton, Mr. Rooney disclosed meager details
of the discovery whereby one million
volts of electricity could be discharged
into the human body through glass with
out injury to the patient, while repeated
applications of the corrent would destroy
microbes of disease. His patent has now
been issued and the electrical machine ia
on exhibition at his office, 45 West Thhty
fourth street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
electrode employed. .A very high potential
is used, and the object of the glasj
vacuum electrodes is to attenuate arid
spread out the currents in such a man
ner as to produce a soft, tempered effect,
the decomposing action being, neverthe
less, very powerful. Thus not only th^
air surrounding, but also that occluded
within the diseased surface is decomposed,
as well as oxygen, contained in purulent
or other matter present, the oxygen mole
cules being resolved into atoms and the
group being reconstructed as ozone. By
this process ozone is produced In situ,
and being employed in a nascent form
is most energetic and consequently de
structive ot" all germ life. By this sys
tem a wound may be rendered aseptic
throughout its entire tract, or a diseased
condition at any depth, due to the pene
trating power of the current and its de
composing action on oxygen necessarily
present, thus affording a perfect method
of internal asepsis, for which there exists
no other substitute.
"The form of electricity we employ la
rich in ozone- forming quality and sooth
ing in Its influence, yet la a srentle nerve
and tissue stimulant, promoting cell de
velopment. But one wire and one pole 13
used. Oscillations are passed through the
scat of the disease and nascent oxygen, in
its triatomic form, is produced in situ
thereby destroying perm Ute and stimu
lating- local reparative processes. For dis
infecting a wound throughout Its entire
tract, or a diseased condition at any
depth, this method is efficient."
Method of Applying the Fluid Whereby, It Is
Asserted, the Germs of All Diseases
Will Succumb. ¦
Wonderful Results Claimed for an
Invention That Has Just Been
Developed and Perfected.
ELECTRICITY TO
KILL BACILLI
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, -.S^EDiSlflSlJAY, ' -JUNE. 6, 1900.
The first- division in California of the
Knights of the Loyal Guard,' a fraternal
order which was started in Flint, Mich.,
was Instituted in the ' Alcazar building
last evening by Special Organizer Dr.Bela
Coggshall. There were forty names on
the charter list. The following named
officers were elected to serve for the first
term: Thomas K. Kase, captain general*
F. D. Brandon,- senior captain; i W. L
Knights of the Loyal Guards
2
We get "bogus" from the noble Italian
family the Borghese, whose swindling op-
erations were extensive. Priam's son
Hector was always teasing his enemies —
hence "hectoring.
It was the custom to call an industrious
peasant a "villain" and a "knave" was
simply a boy. "Silly" meant blessed in
old- German, and the old Saxons meant
nothing out of the way when they called
a' man- a' ''churl."
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWXED
"Jklagnetio Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce save to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of. sufferers hav»
been permanently relieved andradlcallyCUKED
by this great appliance and thousands of othan
are now on the road to complete recovery. Th:j
Truss Is different (rom all others. It does i&a
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ing at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
a I-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Add re***.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
GXO Market Street (Opposite I'alaca Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
RUPTURE CURED.
§|B? W01ERJE
The Queen of Siam Is the ' proud poa-
sessor of the most valuable thimble in the
world. ". It was -^presented ' to her by the
King on the recent anniversary of tht Ir
marriage and cost $65,000. .The thimble
must be rather awkward for actual u^e,
since it is shaped like a lotus flower, eacn
petal bearing the intertwined initials o*
the King and Queen. It is of gold and is
set with precious Jewels. Alternate let-
ters of pearls and diamonds on' the 1 rim
tell the date of the marriage.
• "I . asked the younff woman in front
of me to ; remove her big hat so that I
couldsee the stage." "Did she. do it?"
"No: she said If she held her hat In her
lap she couldn't see the stage herself." —
Tit-Bits. •
The entertainment of royalty costs Brit-
ish society each year fully £2,000,000.
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNSY-AT-LIW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claua Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S31 California tl. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is an ancient foe of the race. It attacks
the child in the cradle and, unless ex-
pelled from the blood, follows him to tha
grave. Hood's Sarsapariiia completely
cures this disease by eradicating Its pois-
onous taints from the blood. Thousands
of grateful parents write that their chil-
dren who were tortured and disfigured by
scrofula have been entirely cured by this
great medicine.
Hood's Sarsapariiia
Never Disappoints. It Is the Best Medi-
cine Money Can Buy. All druggists.
f&j?GL*B QU? it Ha u <£m
Hood's Pills cure sick headache, Indigestion. 25c
MEDICAL .'
QftSCOVERY
FOR THE
R1OOD.UVER.1UNGS.
DR.P1ERCES
K£W WESTERN HOTEU
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to SI SO day:
fS to %S wt-ek: $S to $20 month. Free bath*; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Cy^ ' The Largett Anatomical MoHtai la the \
•WSSrt"**. World. . \V ukaerses or any contracted B
fgg ?^3 disease p« *iil»«-lj- carml by the oldest j'
ifJEffi'il Specialists the Coau. Est3by«»r*. »
fl&S^J OS. JOaOAM-FRlYATE DISEASES 4
B S^Q Consultation freo and strictly prirate \
M- jffirt B " ITmcnl personally or by letter. AS
fi Jf *ct B Poisttw* CVra in every case undertak eo. T
r 1J 11 S» w "'efor B^b, rHILOSOrBVffli
¦ H 111 iSAHUIACK, MAILZD FUSS. (AT
a la valuable book for rora,' A
Milt- JOBDAS A CO., 1061 Market St.. 8. P. f
I That I
I Tired Feeling 1
a Is exceedingly common and danger- H
J ously significant. It is a warning B
[1 that should be heeded, as disaster H
j| follows when the person does not |
[J regard this signal of danger. It Is m
jj a sure indication of thin. weak, im- j*
B poverished blood. It is a sure sign ¦
9 that the blood is not properly feed- B
3 Ing the nerves, tissues and organs 8
[| ->f the body. ij
M Weak, nervous, tired men and g
0 women are found everywhere. The Q
3 strength must be built up by pure ]
! blood, and the nerves must also
find in pure blood the proper nerve
food. For this purpose there is
nothing equal to ELECTROZONE.
The thousands of cures it haa ef-
fected prove its curative merit.
ELECTROZOXE prevents disease
I" and prolongs life.
At Druggists, tl bottle. *
Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., S. F.
jIm VTK'Jf A Tel.**! Xx pfl 131
a >k h Si f&k kSJ ptzQ in c£Lli i3
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Di33as=8 and Weakness of Men.
731 MARKET ST.; S. F. Elevator Entrance.
»••-•••••¦• ?¦»¦ •««»»»..»»«.»,
mjkjfc <%. M. 1AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJ*
jrwwwinr* wwwWwirinririfirwinfinnnnnt
! 2I>>^^ INJECTION. |
! A PERMANENT CURE I
1 i of tha most 'obstinate cases of Gonorrhea i|
| ' and Gleet, raa^nteed in from 3 to 6 <
? days ; nc other treatment required. >
C Sold by cl! druggists. ' , *BERLIN, June 5.— Lieutenant von Villuame,
director of the War Academy, is dead.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 6.— Count Leo Tol
stoi has written a new work depleting the life
of railway laborers. It la entitled "The New
Slavery."
SANTA CRUZ, June 5. — A large whale was
caught near Aptos to-day by fishermen. It
was the first time ln years that a whale had
been caught on this side of the bay. >-,;. ¦--.'
CAPE TOWN, June 5.— Mrs. Mary H. Kins
ley, the traveler and niece of Canon Kingaley,
Is dead at Slmonstown, where she had been
superintending the nursing arrangements of
the military hospital.
SAN JOSE, June 5. — Sister Susanna. Boltus
died at Notre Dame to-day. She was a native
of Luxemburg, aged 75 years, and for forty-six
years a resident of San Jose.
CONSTANTINOPLE. June 5.— The Govern
ment has signed a. contract with the Ansalilo
Company of Genoa for the renovation of eight
Turkish Ironclads and Is negotiating with the
Krupp Company for arming them.
BERLIN. June B.— Ttoe Emperor has decreed
that the _ifcr*e new forts near Meti shall bear
NEW YORK. June 5.— Rev. Dr. Richard Sal
ter Storrs. pastor emeritus of the Church of the
Pilgrims. Brooklyn, died to-night at hla home,
aged 79 years. For many years Dr. Storrs was
president of the Home Missionary Society. -
DUBUQUE, Ia.. June 6.— George G. Perry of
Dubuque has been appointed United States/
Marshal for Alaska. He was former member'
of the Republican State Committee ami several
times chairman of the Congressional Commit
tee. mPTpiwfBmiMTii
the names of the Crown Prince, Empress and
Lohengrin respectively In order to show, ln
his Majesty's words, ''how closely I and my
bouse are related to the Reichsland."
CEDARVILLE, Ohio, June 5.— At to-day's
session of the Reformed Presbyterian Synod
a resolution was passed prohibiting the
churches from ordaining elders and Presby
teries from licensing and ordaining young men
to the ministry who use tobacco in any form.
LOS ANGELES, June 5. — The law school of
this city, which has been maintained here
for three years past, was to-day combined
with the University of Southern California.
The University will hereafter conduct a law
department and grant degrees. The law school
has been a success financially and otherwise
since Its starting.
NEW YORK, June 5.— The examination in
the case of C. F. W. Neely, charged with steal-
Ing j $36,000 of Cuban postal funds, set for to
day before United States Commissioner Shields,
was adjourned until to-morrow. The delay. It
is said. Is in conseauence of the issuance bf
requisition papers for, Neely* s removal to Ha
vana by Governer Roosevelt. | .
NEW YORK; June 5.— The*4fne large mansion
of the late J. O. Donner of the American Sugar
Refining Company, about three miles from
Ramsey's, * N. ' J.. was totally destroyed by fire
early to-day with Its contents. • The loss Is
about $73,000. Mrs. Waldrot, who was a guest
of Mrs. Donner, was seriously burned before
she could be- rescued from the building.
BERLIN, June 5.— The Post, In a semi-official
article, warns ' the German press asalnst ; de
scribing Anglo-American Industrie* concerning
the meat inepection bill *» an unwarrantable
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS IN CONDENSED FORM.
Intervention In home politics, because, it
points out, such an attack is calculated to
provoke reprisals. The Neuste Nachrichten
also remarks that Germany is not in a posi
tion to Ignore these foreign representations.
YOSEMITE, June 5.— The Yesemite Commis
sioners, Judge Short of ¦ Fresno, Charles G.
Clinch and C. S. GIvens of San Francisco and
William G. Kerckhoff of Los Angeles, are now
here to attend the annual meeting: to-morrow.
Judge Short will preside in the absence of
Governor Gage, who is unable to attend owing
to sickness in his family. J. F. Stevens will
be re-elected guardian for the ensuing year.
BERXE, Switzerland, June 5.— In • response to
the request made by the United . States and
Chilean Ministers to select the -third ms-tiber
of the arbitration court which is to settle the
claims and counter-claims held by the citizens
of each country against the Government of the
other the President of the Swiss R^iubllc has
selected J. B. Ploda, the Swiss Minister to the
United States, to act In the capacity refer
red to.
Athenian May Not Sail.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 5.— An issue, |
said to be entirely new, has been raised i
between the "War and Treasury depart- )
ments anent the sailing of the transport
Athenian for Nome. The ship Is ready to
sail, but the customs officer here will not
permit her to leave, as her destination is
an American port The Athenian Is a.'
British * ship. The law prohibits foreign
vessels from plying between two Amerl- ;
can ports. The question is being consid- ;
ereti at Washington. ¦ ¦'. — 1
Three cases have been under the close
scrutiny of the authorities for some time,
but two of them have not proved of much
Interest. One is consumption and the sec
ond is some other common ailment, but
the third is still in doubt and It is still
under investigation.
The question of properly guarding the
detained Chinese when they have been
The Postmaster wrote to say that his
mail carriers had refused to submit to
the Inoculation required by the board, and
as he had no power to compel them to do
so he suggested that a Postofflce be es
tablished within the lines. This will be
done. •-",--
At the meetine of the Health Board yes
terday afternoon there was nothing but
"progress" to report from the various
committees. Just before the meeting: a
deputy United States Marshal arrived
with a handful of complaints sworn to
by Jew Hoe, and he served a copy on each
of the members of the board. Attached
was a temporary restraining order, and
this gave the physicians some little un
easiness, for It forbade them to molest
the physicians of the Six Companies un
til the court had passed upon the quaran
tine question, but it also states in the
temporary order that the physicians must
comply with all the rules of the board,
and in this the board members found
solace.
through Chinatown have been stopped,
and the place looks as deserted as the
streets of the suburbs. Barbed wire is
being strung along the middle of Stock
ton street— a stout fence of three wires
and close posts — and at every Intersect
ing street the ropes have been doubled,
the inner line at least twenty feet from
the outer one. \
TO-DAT an attempt will be made to
take the indigent Chinese from
Chinatown, but it will breed trouble,
for the Chinese are determined to
resist the enforcement of the order by
force if they find It necessary. This wa3
decided upon at a meeting of the Six
Companies yesterday. This was announced
by the Chinese Consul last evening. The
Chinese are complaining- bitterly of the
treatment they are receiving, and dam
age suits without number are In pros
pect.
Work on Mission Rock, preparing for
the coming of the lndigents to-day, pro
ceeded all yesterday,- and the place is
now nearly ready. The cars that ran
One suit was filed In the United States
Circuit Court yesterday. It prays for
an injunction restraining the local Board
of Health from maintaining the quaran
tine, on the ground that It is unjust and
discriminating and a useless and unneces
sary hardship on the people of their race.
It also calls attention to the dlFcrimtna
tion shown in the fact that the Inmates
of some houses whose fronts are on free
streets and whose backs are In quaran
tine are allowed to come and go unmo
lested." It is also prayed that the board
be restrained from stopping the physi
cians of the Six Companies from passing
the lines, and there Is a last prayer for
$5000 damages. The plaintiff is Jew Hoe,
a grocer doing business at 920 Stockton
street. ".-"';':
Drank Wood Alcohol.
LOS ANGELES, June 5.— An elderly
man named Kornlck, who lived on
Twentieth street, near Xonnar.dy. dranic
wood alcohol by mistake to-day and died
soon after. He had a family.
Colonel G«orse Stone, chairman; Sena
tor W. M. Cutter, secretary, and Jacob
Eteppacher, assistant secretary, of thr
Republican State Central Committee yes
terday eniraswd campaign headquarters,
selecting the suite of rooms numbered 1&4
on the first floor of the Palace Hotel.
Another and connecting suite, numbered
XS6, will b« occupied as additional room,
en July 1. ,
Last evening: Colonel Stone announced
the following: standing comniittees of the
executive committee:
CasnimSgn comsnittw — Wakefleld Bak*r chair
car.) ChArles M. Felton. "William S. Wood. H.
D Loveland. A. E. L<*nimo3, W. Frank Pierce,
U ; F Palter. Charles S. Hardy. Henry J.
Crocker, Thome s Ktrkpa trick and J. W. Mc-
committee— Henry J. Crocker (chair
trail) WakefleM Baker. Thomas Kirkpatrick,
Charles Bundxchu. P. >". LMenthal. Charles N.
FYlton. Douelas 8. Ccne. J. S.SUuMon. Wil
liam J. l>Jttcn. William J. Bradr and W llliam
Btrr
Au'SJtU* ccmnittee— Thomas Kirkpatrick
(chairman). P. N*. LdlienthaJ. William M. Cut
ter. Kerry J. Crocker and W. F. Parker.
Legal commiu<"«— William S. Wood (chair-
C-.a'-.) William M. Cutter. E. C. Hart, J. W.
MeKi'r.loy ani Charles N. Feltoa.
Fiction U«« .and P.efr!*tra.tion Committee—
t\' Friink 1'Urce (chairman). William 8. Wood,
tvilliam Birr Douglaa S. .Cone. Charlei S.
Hard}-. J. V.\ McKinley and E. C. Hart.
I.irrrature committee — Allen B. Lernir.on
fchelnnan). E C. Hart. H. D. Loveland. W.
f button. Chirle* Buhdscbu. William M. Cut
ter end J. P. Slauseon.
To-night the Repub!!ean County Com
laittee, A!fr*»d Bcuvier chairman, will
meet at Shiels Hall to consider plans of
district organization. Some meetings of
the ex««<;utive committee have been held
recently ar.d therefore a simple plan of
sstai'liFhing district clubs may be submit
ted. The rocent activity of railroad and
EaJoon parasites leads to the suspicion
that the lower element-? of the party may
ittempt to embarrass the committee in
the work of prganization. Before the en-
Euinj? campaign fairly opens !t will be
made clear to the her.chmen of Herrtn,
and the low-hrowcd hangers on at Crim
minR- saloon, that the decent Republicans
of the city will not take ordeTS from the
Southern Pacific or its political agents.
It will be the duty of clean Republicans
io elect independent delegates at the prl
aiary election to be held on the Becond
ruesday of August next. Tno delegate*
Eepublicans Open State
Headquarters in the
Palace Hotel.
MEN APPOINTED
TO DIRECT THE
CAMPAIGN WORK
#
SCENES OF ONE DA^T TN QUARANTINED CHINATOWN.
to the next State convention will not be
appointed by "Bogus Telegram" Lynch.
Johnny Mackenzie and J. Alva Watt. The
lav,- provides that the delegates shall be
chosen at a primary election. It is proper,
therefore, that the work of district or
ganization should be carefully scrutinized.
Special care should be tuken at* the out
set to eliminate the creatures of corrup
tion. The corrupt boss never goes into a
campaign as an open candidate or an
avowed aspirant for office. He sneaks
under cover during the battle, and comes
out at the close of the conflict to claim
the truits cf victory.
The attention of Republicans should now
be directed to the work of uncovering the
railroad and saloon henchmen before they
succeed in getting the slightest hold on
the party organization. The clean, decent,
law-atiaing citizens of San Francisco,
who stand for the principles of the Re
publican party, can easily expel the crea
tures of the boss from the conventions of
the party if they will exercise common
vigilance and a fair degree of interest in
local affairs.
Twenty Senators to be chosen next No
vember will vote In the Legislature a lit
tle more than two years hence for a Sena
tor of the United States to succeed George
C. Perkins. Every Republican aspirant
for the office ought to proclaim his candi
dacv before the State Senators are chosen.
If Herrin has a candidate for United
States Senator let his favorite be put in
the field so that the voters may not be
deceived. It is fresh in the minds of the
people that the railroad put forward a
candidate In the last Legislature who
could not carry a single Senatorial dis
trict In the State. The Republican State
organization was betrayed into the sup
port of the railroad's candidate. The
scheme to defraud the people and degrade
the party would have triumphed If The
Call nad not battled resolutely to save the
State from shame. The conspirators
themselves acknowledged t^at this Jour
nal wrought their defeat. There should
not i)e a recurrence of the Senatorial
strife. Candidates for the Legislature
should be compelled to declare their pref
erence in advance. : r rv :
There Is one important duty that every
good citizen should bear in mind. The
law requires a re-reglstratfon throughout
the State for the general election next No
vember. Every citizen must register anew
In order to vote for President, Vice Presi
dent and candidates for Congress and the
State Legislature. In order to dispel all
doubt Republicans should register anew
at least one month before the primary
election of August 14. Citizens who have
changed their residence since the last elec
tion will not be entitled to vote at the
primary unless re-registered. Since all
must register anew for the November
election the duty should be performed at
once. Then the question of the right to
vote at the primary election cannot be
raised to vex the elector. No one can tell
at this time what a narrow-minded little
partisan Mayor might attempt to do with
the Election Commission. To /be on the
safe side Republicans should register
without delay.
The Democratic County Committee will
meet as a convention in Native S^ns' Hall
this evening to elect 154 delegates to re-p
resent the Democrats of San Francisco in
the State Convention which- will assemble
at Sacramento Thursday of next week.
The Stanford Republican Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District. met in Teu
tonia Hall, 1320 Howard street, last night.
The following: named officers were elected
for the ensuing term: President, P. M.
O'Connor: first vice president. J. J^. Wil
kinson: second vice president, Robert
Butler- secretary, H. J. McMahon: treas
urer Daniel Molander; marshal, I. Wol
lard'jr Executive committee— T. J. Sul-
Mvan E L. Nolan. John T. Collins. Wil
liam Holland. Thomas Walsh, Frank
Skuse and James J. iliiey.
put on Mission Rock and on Angel Island
isjone that has been claiming a great deal
of attention from the committee on de
tention camps and the question is still
unsettled. It will take a great manv men
to do patrol duty on land and there
should be an effective quarantine from
tne water. There was an intention to call
upon the militia for this duty, but the
Beard of Health cannot pet the militia
without the permission and the order of
the Governor, and so it v.'lll have to await
his pleasure, for it is. conceded that the
militia could do the work cheaper than a
special detail of police, and the question
of expense is one that vitally interests
thf> merchants.
The Federal quarantine service will
have exclusive control of Mission Rock,
when it has been inhabited, and there will
be more surgeons needed to care for the
Chinese there, so It Is probable that the
Government service here will be materi
ally strengthened.
The ministers have also come to the
front on the quarantine question. At a
meeting of a committee representing the
Ministerial Unions of the city and ap
pointed for the purpose of investigating
the quarantine it was decided that a com
mittee of fifteen, representing all denom
inations, should be appointed to approach
the State Board of Health and demand
that a competent- Investigation of affairs
in Chinatown be made. Dr. Henry A.
Fiske, Rev. E. B. Pond, Rev. Robert
Whitaker. Dr. L. J. Wikoff, Dr. Atter
bury and Captain Thomas of the Salva
tion Army were appointed to form the nu
cleus of the. committee.
Owing to the stoppage of the Sacra
mento-street line, temporary means of ac
commodating passengers who have been
in the habit of uslne that line will be
provided by the following system of trans
fers:
Transfers will be given from inbound
Jackson-street cars to inbound Turk
street cars, and from, outbound Turk and
Eddy street cars to' outbound Jackson-
Ftreet cars, at the corner of Jackson and
Devisadero streets.
Transfers will be given from southbound
cars on Powell street to inbound Mont
gomery and Tenth street cars, and from
outbound Montgomery anu Tenth street
cars to northbound cars on Powell street
at the corner of Post and Powell streets.
Each alternate car of the Jackson-street !
line, and any additional cars that may be/
necessary to accommodate the travel, wilt'
run through to Golden Gate Park, via
Central avenue, Sacramento street and
Sixth avenue.
The work of the Citizens' Relief Com
mittee is going on. To-day a report from
the canvassing committees will be heard,
and it ia expected that they will be able
to report the full $50,000 collected.
SACRAMENTO. June 5. — At the meet-
Ing of the city Board of Health to-night
a. communication from the Board of i
Health of San Francisco was read, glv- I.
ing an account' of the bubonic plague in !
that city. A resolution to the effect that !
the local board was ready to work In I
harmony with the San Francisco board
was adopted. , . ,•
Health Officer Nichols reported that he
and his assistants made daily inspections
of Chinatown and the Japanese quarters,
and he believed that with the quarantine
in San Francisco and the close watch kept
here that there was little danger of an
outbreak of the plague in this city.
i ingly. with the statement: 'Well, we did
I hit the old man pretty hard.' "
: - As i'euigrt-w resumed his seat, haif a
; 'jczhi S^r.aiors clamor* 3 *! for recognition,
among them ilanr.a and ForaKer. For-
I uker was rcccgnized and said the reraark
| cble statemenis made by the Senator
; fmm South Dakota required some reply.
j Jt W2s an Ohio matter, he said, and the
¦ Ohio senators felt abundantly able to
, take care of it. He vieldeci CO Hanna, who
i said he felt like ffferir.q an apology to the
; Senate lor pursuing the subject further,
•¦ and he would not do sj if he did not desire
! "to shew to the Senate that ihe whole
i matter was a conspiracy— a part of a con-
I ceried plan to won: up sume political cap
¦ ital."
Hanna then went at length into the
! charges made by Petujriew. saving they
; had teen published Ilrst in a D'env-'Cratic
: newspai.tr ot Columuua iuid fully and
1 completely tienleu by him at that m"ie lie
; referred to Senttor Burke cf Cleveland,
; as one rt the oak-:' conspirators in the
: Senatorial election, and denounced him as
; a traitcr ai:d .scoundrel, who had as a Re
j publican lent himself to the conspiracy
; against his party, and subsequently had
j been disbarred and disgraced in his native
! city.
Then he read a clipping 1 frona a South
| Dakota newspaper,- in which 'PettigTew
j *.vas characterized as a traitor to his coun
j try and to his State, and declared that he
] did not represent the people of South Da-
I Uota.
Denounced by Hanna.
"That." declared Hanr.a vehemently, "ia
my accuser In the Senate of the United
States, and that is the estimation in which
; l.e is he-Id by tho people of his own State,
i • • • I have often sat in my seat listen
j ing to him and thought him I!T?ane. Much
i of the stuff he has uttered on this floor Ss
tho veriest rot.
"When it comes to personalities," hotly
asserted Hanna. in conclusion. "I will
stand up with r-im and comrare mv char
acter with his.. He may tell what he
knows about me and then (with emphasis
on every wordi I v.ill tell about him."
Carter obtained the floor as b matter of
personal privilege and said:
"Let me give a 'note of warring: to the
brethren en the other side cf this cham
ber. If these alleged conversations ever
I had occt:rrf>d they carried with them be
! twern gentlemen a tacit understanding
I which no gentlemen anywhere wculd dis-
I regard. Brethren on the other side of
! this chambor. you arc to henceforth asso
i elate, God knows how long, with the
i gyrating political career of the Senator
| from South Dakota. Ever keep in minii'
| th<- statements made by him. statements
I which I brand so far. as "1 am concerned;
| as untrue. The Senator was mistaken in
I the person with whom he talked. His
memory is at fault. But if with Mr.
¦ Cramp thr conversation did occur, I ad-
I monish those who mnr.age political affair-*
j on $he other side to beware and constant
i ly l*ar in mind the old adaKe, "these who
lie down v.ith degs may expect to get up
I with fleas.' " \
Bacon, resumir.fr his speech, contended
1 that it was the dutv of Congress to ra
: main in session indefinitely until the im
i porlant anti-trust lecfislatic^ v.as en
! acted.
Teller suggested that if Carter folt ag
grieved over Pettigrew's charjres he
could secure an investigation by a com
mittpA of the Republican Senate. He
i (Teller) would like to see not only the
1 campaign of "J2, but that of '?6 impartially
inve.^tigated.
Tre conference report on the Alaskan
code bill was adopted. The bill now goes
to the President. j
Petti prow. re?t ; mirg his speech on the j
Philippine question, contended that Ad- j
miral Dev.ey had rooognized Asuinaldo's
official rank and asscrteu that Manila was I
takr-n by the Arcf-ricar.s by agreement
With the Spaniards.
Aldrich presented a conference report
en the bill to provide better facilities for
the deposit cf public money in the Philip
pines. Cuba and Porto Rico, and it was
agTecd to.
Resolutions expressive of the sorrow of
the Senate at the death of Hon. Evan E.
' Settle, l.-^te a Representative from Ken
tucky, wore adopted, and the Senate took
a r°cess until S o'clock.
When the Senate reconvened the fral
leries were thronged with a billiant crowd
of spectators. Butler of North Carolina
took the floor to address the Senate on
, the anti-trust measure. Butler declared
that ~.u the circumstances the Senate must
pass this bill or enact no anti-trust legis
lation.-
It was a creed to take a vot» on the mo
1 tion to refer and it was carried. 43 to 23.
Career who was chairman of the Re
prhllcan National Carnpaisn Committee in
IMS followed, lie said:
¦ I <;;>• now. ar.<! tl^ere are S^r.a.trrs on
t*-.is :loor who will boar roe out. that any
chr.rge that contributions were r* reived
to be reimbursed through the medium of
Oovermnent contracts or that ar.y xjrom
!s^« were made to corporations or to Indi
viduals is ab^olute'y false and can be
branded properly only as a lie."
. Pettigrew ir.sistt-d on replying. Said he:
"I made Ihe statement that a contribu
tion oi $400.'*yO had been made by Mr.
Cramp to the Rrpubllc*:i National Coxa
mittr-e in 1J?2 and that he was to be reirn
bqraed for it with contracts for additional
warships. My authority for the statement
!f Mr. Cranip himself." declared Fetti
p-fw deliberately. This created a sensa
tion in the chamber. "He told me. not in
confidence as I believe, on an ocean liner
c r.::ng across the Atlantic. He did not
knov: where the money had grme ar.d had
employed detectives to find out. He inti
ma tea" that it hart not been used for crim
pn!gn purposes. Moreover," continued P<u
ti?rew. his words almost hissing tnroueh
the chamber. "I have paid the same thing
to the Senator who was chairman of the
Hepublican National Campaign Commit
tee of tfca.t year, and he waved It off, smil-
The Lie Is Passed.
"If, be falo. Fharply, ""I should under
take to i epiy to all such statements made
en thi? floor, I v.ould occupy more of the
time of the Senate than even the Sena
tor from Gt-orgta does. iLaughter.) I
fc<?ar<2 :hp stAtente&i and considered it un
worthy of notice, and I declined to dlp
iJfy it by a denial. I had nothing to do
with :hf» car.:{)tigTi of 1S:<2. but I have
lr.fa.rd. this «=tory and I Fay im.-t emphati
cally and decidedly thai I believe it is
cot -true So fnr as such allusions an.
made to the campaign of 1S%. I <>s're to
gay that n<> promises «rert made and nc
consideration* were offered to any verson
<<r sitiv corporation for contributions
Har.r.a continued !n denunciation of
P'ttigrew's cours?, saying that he some
tirms doubted ih<- parity of the man "in
putting such rot as he does in the Record
and expecting people to believe It."
When the cr.ti-trust bill was laid before
the Senate. Pettlgrtw of South Dakota
moved to proceed with its consideration.
GaHir.p^r cf New Hampshire moved to
refer the matter to the Committee on Ju
diciary. In ihe course of a speech en the
subject Bacon uttered the words that
Etartfd the turmoil. Instantly Hanna
was en his feet.
Bacon of Georgia precipitated the scene
by repeating a charge made several days
ago by Pettigrcor that Cramp, the Phila
delphia Fhip builder, had contributed $450.
000 to the RepuHican campaign fund In
1S32 with the un<!<-rs*tan<U:igr that he would
be reimbursed by contracts for the con
struction of warshlpi for the Government.
The charge. Bacon said, had neither b«er,
denied by Hanna. the pres-nt chairman of
the Kepubllcan Xatior.al Commit lee, nor
by Carter, who was chairman of the com
mittee ia 1SS1
Then the Ftorm broke. Hanna vigorous
ly denied any knowledge of such a trans
action and expressed his opinion that it
¦was false. Car.fr declaied the statement
properly could be branded only as a lie.
Pmlgrew not only reiterated the state
ment, but created a tremendous sensation
l<y asserting that hip authority war no
jtps a person than Mr. Cramp liimfelf
and that in a conversation with Carter
that Senator had substantially verified
the Etory. He abo attacked Hanua rela
tive to his election to the Senate. Hanna
replied in kind and expressed doubt of the
South Dakosan's sanity. He was followed
by Carter, who denounced the charges as
figments of Pettigrrw'p imagination.
Most of the day was givon to conference
reports ami odis' and tnds of business pre
paratory to final adjournment.
A night session was held.
Breaking of the Storm.
WASHINGTON. Jur.e 5.-A torr.ado of
partisan debate nrept over the Senate to
day. T.ith Senators Har.aa of Ohio. Pc-tti
rrew of South r>aUcta and Carter of Mor.
tzr.a the chief figures. For Senatorial
¦criminations and recriminations, for bitter
personalities and for poignant invective
the debate erccded anything heard on
the floor of the chamber for many years.
The he was not passed directly, but the
truthfulness of statements was challenged
very sharply.
Oeclares That Cramp Contributed $400,000
and Complained That the Sum Had Not
Been Spent for Political Purposes.
Pettigrew Impugns the Honesty of
Hanna and Carter in Handling
Recent Campaign Fund.
BITTER CHARGES
MADE IN SENATE
They Will Use Force Against Those Who Are
Sent to Take Them Away.
They Will Try Law at First, but if That Does Nat Suffice
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The House nn
assembling to-day adopted the. conference
report on th,e Alaskan code bill. The re
port showed a complete agreement. A
conference was. ordered on the Neely ex
tradition bil! and then the differences be
tween the two houses on the military
academy appropriation bill were consid
ered, an hour beirg given each side for
debate.
Hull of Iowa said the most important
amendment to the bill v.ns that increasing
the rank of the senior major general and
the adjutant general cf the army.
Driggs cf New York criticized severely
the proposition to raise General Mlle3 to
the rank of lieutenant general, saying to
promote General Miles to the exalted rank
of Grant. Sherman and Sheridan would be
little less than an outrage. So far as Ad
jutant GeneraL Corbin was concerned, he
called attention to the marvelous "rapid
ity of General Corbin's promotion since
1S0C, when he was a lieutenant colonel."
Cummings of New York regretted that
his colleagues had opposed the promotion
of General Corbin.
"1 will support this amendment." said
he. "because both these oHicers were vol
unteer officers who rose from the rank of
private soldiers." (Applause.) -
Bryan's letter.
Later Cummings created something 61 a
sensation by reading the following letter
from \V. J. Bryan:
"LINCOLN, Nebr.. June 5.— My Dear
Mr. Cummings: I see that the Republi
cans are asserting that I think a. constitu
tional amendment necessary for the an
nihilation of the trusts.
"I have never said or believed that an
amendment "was necessary. I have urged
legislation which I believe to be constitu
tional. I have said that I favor a con
stitutional amendment if the decision of
the United States Supreme Court declare
such legislation unconstitutional. The
Republican party does not want to destroy
the trusts. During this session of Con
gress the Republicans have unanimously
supported a proposition to give the na
tional banks control of the currency and
thus create a paper money trust. I in
close a copy of my Chicago ar.ti-trusi
speech, which discusses the question of
constitutional amendment. Yours truly,
\ "W. J. BRYAN."
The Demrtcrats cheered vociferously
when Cummlngs concluded the reading.
Cushman of Washington had a sharp
exchange with Cummings over the letter.
"The trouble with Mr. Bryan," he said,
"is that he is for the Supreme Court when
it decides his way and against it when it
decides against him."
Clayton of New York favored the propo
sitions to promote Miles and Corbin. He
was followed by Lentz of Ohio, who made
an onslaught upon the proposition to pro
mote General Corbin and who severely
arraigned the Republican members cf the
Military Affairs Committee for declining
to take action looking to the adoption of
a Senate resolution to print lO.OOo copies
of the Coeur d'Alene investigation. It was,
he said, another step in the direction of
militaiism.
Lentz Assaults Corbin.
Lacy of Iowa asked Lentz about the
politics of the Governor of Idaho and
jeered him until he finally admitted that
he called himself a Democrat. But. he
said, every Democrat on the Military
Committee had signed a report condemn
ing Governor Steunenberg and President
McKinley for blacklisting organized labor.
Lentz then directed his assaults against
General Corbin. who. he said, had been
hanging about the corridors of the Capitol
begging for promotion.
"I have not any more respect for mili
tary beggars than I have for political beg
gars," said he. "I believe that military
men should fight for their promotions, not
beg for them. '
The excitement had been rising during
his remarks, and things were at a high
tension when Hull rose to reply.
Hull denied that the adjutant general
had haunted the corridors or asked mem
bers of Congress for promotion.
Lentz— Is it not a fact that he appointed
sons of members and indirectly got their
influence in that way? /
Hull — He has appointed a good many
staff officers. The gentleman from Ohio
is evidently anxious to get the fact before
the country that I have a son in the army
who has served in the staff department at
Manila. That is something I am very
proud of. He enlisted first with his own
regiment, having served in the National
Guard for ten years, and got a commis
sion by the votes of his own comrades
for the rank ot captain (applause on Re
publican side), and he was promoted and
is now a major on the staff in the Philip
pines. (Renewed applause on the Repub
lican side.) His regiment Is coming home,
and both myself and his good mother have
tried at the War Department for the last
five months to get him ordered home, so
that he could resume the avocations of
peace, and the testimony from several of
the generals who have reported. General
Wheeler among the others, is that his
work there was so good, he was so ef
ficient in discharging the duties of his of
fice, that they did not want to retire him.
but further to advance him. Mr. Chair
man, I thank God I have sons who can
serve their country. (Applause.) I am
proud of them. I thank God I am not
one of those anonymous creatures who
has not been able to perpetuate his species
After Sharp Words Motions to Non-Concur
in the Amendments to Promote Miles
and Corbin Are Passed.
I and has nothing to look forward to. (Pro
; longed applause and cheering on the Re
• publican side.)
I L*ntz— I want to ask the gentleman if
i he has a son who would be able to sup
| port hinsplf without b«?lnx a pensioner on
j his country. (Criea of "Oh" and hissing
i on the Republican side.) Will the gentle
j man rxplain about his other sen? (.Re
newed hissing en the Republican side.)
Sounds of Hissing Heard.
Hull— I wouW if it had any connection
! with this matter. *
Lents— Is b« not sucking the public
I teat? (Renewed hisses on the Republican
j side.)
Iiingham of Pennsylvania, who was
! himself a distinguished officer during 1 the
< civil war. said that in the estimation oj
! General Hancock no braver soldier than
' General Miles ever drew saber or eom
i mar.d.ed trcoopa. . /-
Brown of Ohio assailed Lentz. He wou.d
I like, he said, tc see some one. or soine
! thing- that would commend the patriotism
i of that • centleman. If Lentz were fa
r miliar with the history of his own state
: he v.oukl know that H. C. Corbln had
; fought for his promotion.
All the minor amendments were first
! non-concurred in. The motion of Hull to
! non-concur in the Miles amendment pre-
I vallfd without division.
After another spirited debate the Cor
bir. amendment was non-concurred In. as
¦was the amendment relative to cadets at
Suizer of New York then moved to
Instruct the conferees to insist upon their
disagreement to these three amendments.
The motion was lost— b4 to l'J3. A direct
! vote on a motion to instruct the conferees
; to insist upon the dijagreement to the
| Miles amendment was les: by ayes ana
noes — n2 to 142. A direct vote to instruct
! against the Corbin amendment was also
j lost— fit) to 107.
The bill then went to conference.
The conferees on the naval appropria
' tlon bill reported a further disagreement
upon the items relating to armor plate,
ocean and lake surveys and the abolition.
of the sea course for naval cadets.
Tate of Georgia demanded a sepa
! rate vote on the armor plate amendment.
j He moved to recede and concur in tha
Senate amendment.
The motion was lost— 92 to 147. The bill
was then sent further to conference, tha
House insisting 1 on its disagreement.
The conference report on the general
! deficiency bill— a partial report— was
I agreed to and the biil was sent back to
conference after concurring in the amenrt-
I ment Riving: the employes of tho House
and Senate an extra month's pay by a
vote of 126 to 62. -^ -¦¦- ¦
At 6 o'clock the House took a reces3
! until S p. m.
When the House reassembled at 8
i o'clock the rules were suspended and the
| Senate Joint resolution authorizing the
I President to restore George W. Klrkman
1 to the army as a captain was passed: also
! Mils for the relief of Colonel Charles B.
! Doupherty and other members of the»
I Ninth Pennsylvania Infantry; authorizing:
! the President to appoint David Bagley,
• brother of Ensign Worth Bagley. killed at
Cardenas, as an extra cadet at Annapolis;
to extend a patent to Seth H. Smith: to>
authorize the President to retire Andrew
Geddes, Twenty-fifth United States Infan
try, as captain and to grant an Ameri
can registry to the ships Star of Califor
nia and Star of Bengal.
There ¦was quite a flurry when Hay of
Virginia attempted to file the views of the
minority of the Military Affairs Commit
tee on the Coeur d'Alene investigation.
The chair stated that he had directed that
certain portions of the report containing
testimony and the arguments of attorneys
be not printed.
Hay protested vehemently- against this
action, but the chair was firm and carried
his point.
During the night session the conrerence
report on the bill to provide for Govern
ment depositories in our new possessions
and ratifying the agreement with the
Indians on the Fort Hall (Idaho) reserva
tion bill were adopted.
A special bill to provide salaries for cer
tain officers in Alaska was passed.
Dalzell. from the Committee on Rule3.
| offered a special order setting aside De
cember 6 for the consideration of the
Grout oleomargarine bill.
Grout of Vermont, the author of the bill,
said he advised the friends of the bill to
accept the proposition, though not alto
gether satisfactory.
Tawrey of Minnesota used strong words
I In his characterization of the conspiracy
j of the oleomargarine manufacturers to de
feat the Grout bill.
The rule was agreed to without division.
The conference report on the extradition
bill was adopted and at 11:20 p. m. Hull
presented the conference report on th»
military academy bill. It was a complete
agreement, the House receding from the
Senate amendments for the promotion of
General Miles and General Corbln and
making a compromise provision relative
to West Point cadets, increasing the num
ber by two from each State at large and
ten from the country at large, or a total
increase of 100. The conference was
adopted. 123 to 91.
Makes a Vituperative Attack on
Hull During a Debate on the
Military Bill.
HISSES IN THE
HOUSE FOR LENTZ
CHINESE PREPARING TO
FIGHT AGAINST REMOVAL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
3
©©•©•••••©•••©••©••••c©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©
IHUDVAN !
8 SPEEDILY RELIEVES ALL ©
! NERVOUS TROUBLES. 1
© £>•« :•• .; ¦ O
| Mv Men and Women, |
i The Numbers Tel1 |
© llBBftHBpBKf^'TB^^IffHra If your nervous system is lettinar down or not. ®
O Psf* "^ v -— . — ' jnflj Fig- 1— Headaches, giddiness, dizziness. 9
9 WrJS %y 'X V^fcS* F1y ' : ~ PaIeness - emaciation, hallow eyes. ••
O Eb^v^ \ *¥ X^xliral Fif? ' 3 ~ <^ ;icltln S sensations, short-winded. O
® p5v$ %».>_'-» V >¥§» *~ lrre su!ar fluttering of heart, palpita- O
© Wi3l[ 7a 1 jE&&3i Fltr ' 5— Ind 'sestion. loss of arpetlt*. bloating. ©
© 6S5 "Msifc I"5!^KlS?<%! Fl? ' 6 ~~ Inact!v * Hver, rain, ccstivenesa. £»
© nlsl'^w*}}^'^! ml£\^ These conditions may te the result of w?ak at
© l»i$i \£iy!!*^«Rp5!9 nerves. HUI>YAN cures. for HL'DYAN 0
9 9**A~~ \%&Ti j^rjlliu *^?J9b strengthens the nerves and nerve centers. «*
© reficgS jnH5iiPf»&-*Nial8§ The mirv'. is usually fim to show evidence- of 2*
M r£<9Sf' 1 Kr?5$«PV ! /w5r! nerve weakn^s. The memory !s> impaired, the 2£
a iffTraa/ riflS^SSSa'/ff/Ziw Intellect becomes -louded. You become despond- * J»
" V/l W'fl3«ck»5iK£<&>-^3ik WrA ent ant ' melancholy, you shun society, you be- ©
© '/'// d?5'03K^i l ?&"S!23& jffr\ come nervous, morose, irritable arvi an* nniN? <$
Ci '/ i§S : *£**i»r'"v*^i^5\ • I tr> apri ' y yourself. Perhaps you were of a Joy- a
© '/ ev^H^F^S^dPfc^k. - fuI ar ' J eny f 1 '^" 5 '-*''" 1^: you are niw sad ,ivA V
f TS'ii"^£!«liI>si5»& sot*»r. Unnatural f^ars tak* possessl< n of your ©
© • ©c?«/fi«'*H^v3SK'**i mind. Your strength Is lost, youf h.i-k pains Q
© PTJlirTVfJtaSrtlCr^liSSiA you and is -a-eak. Your »>»p L* Interrupted by (»
Q \i8?'^QS»^*tML/¥5* 1 A horrid r!r»im'>. an.l you awake in the morning
® M^^iil^fe^S^^^ IN WOMEN, disorders, weaknesses, raini g
© HSSSSH^lSiStois^^ arl^ complications r°cu!:nr t^> wrm*>n *i f n»- .*•¦: ©
A S&A KSPcy &4'2*^S=.'£w^Ki !n - HL'DYAN la the greatest earthly i-.in to 0
• KSHS-fi^St Sfce »}^* v^**"^ surh yjrterir.sr won™. «
MR^%S^J/0 <r\, VO>) Pimplo nenrcus disorders oft»n lead to Apo- *f
© R^S** i-jLrr^&itt&^t'* ¦** P' ?^y or Heart r>is<=a.'<». You enn av-»rt such ~
© WZfl/X ** I ** 2 8p^' " ' rtanerer? by takir.s HUDYAN. Every one who 0
© 4k\m -*¦ J^!\ ** ls re<luce<1 ln strength and nervous vigor should fo
9 Kl^*^t3 *>¦ - * HUDYAN— at dru? stor»-<»— Ztc parkae<*. six *£
© K a packages $2.50. If your druggist doe* not keep W
a - a %>« It send direct to HUDYAN REMEDY CO.: cor. Q
• " c==^iCT VGA Stockton. Ellis and Market streets. San Fran- *j
a V~ — B^ cisco. g
• /HUD/fiN FOR NERVES: \ ' «eo aodWonjen Advised— Free of Cbarse. •
• : V. flLL DRUCCISTS-SOcJ Coosult rjudyao Doctors. Call or write. «B
•••©•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••©•••••••••Wrestler Max Wiley Here.
Max Wiley, champion amateur wrestler
of America in three distinct classes, ar
rived here yesterday. lie shared the hon
ors of tho great tournament, hold some
months since under the patronage of the
Olympic Club, with Scholes, the Canadian.
The latter Is champion of America, Eng
land and Canada. In the Olympic tourn
ament 'Wiley went out of his class and
was defeated by F. B. Bayly, who weighs
nearly thirty pounds more than the
Rochester Athletic Club man. Wiley
souKht a return match and the rival
gladiators will meet on .the mat to-night
at the Olympic Club. The affair is for
members only.
Members of the Humboldt Evening
School, Victors in Debate, Will
Test Physical Strength.
The Humbolflt' Evening High School of
this city, whose representatives have re
cently defeated all the- other high schools
in the debating league of Northern Califor
nia and whlch'ls now In possession of the
Stanford debating; trophy, has at last en
tered the field of athletics.. A , track team
has been organized. It Is composed of the
foremost athletes of that school. The team
consists of fifteen clever young men.
Among tho leading members of the team
are the following named:
Wallace (captain), 100-yard dash, high Jump
and hurdles; William Stapff Jr.. broad Jump,
hammer throw and shot put; Rogers (coach),
100-yard dash, 22t*-yard dash find quarter-mile
run; Cavalier, pole vault, mile walk and half
mile run: Fontes, 100-yard dash, mile run, low
hurdles and 440-yard dash: Mund. quarter-mile
run and half-mile walk; Gyle, low hurdles and
220-yard dash; Marshall, 440-yard dash and pole
vault. ..
In addition to these there are seven oth
ers eligible, chiefly long distance runners.
Charles David has been elected business
manager of the team and Buell C. Nelaon
assistant business manager.
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS
GO IN FOR ATHLETICS
The Success of Their Recent Meeting
Results in Another Being Ar
ranged fof July Fourth.
Th<» marked success of the races pro
moted by the Golden Gatq Park Driving
Association on the Oakland track on Dec
oration day has. resulted In a similar meet
ing being planned for the Fourth of July.
At a meeting of the association last night
ft was decided to limit the programme to
live races, including the third contest for
the F. G. O'Kane challenge cup. A purse
of $100 Is offered in each race.
The members signified their intention of
taking part in tne races at the fair to be
held under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Agricultural Associ
ation In September at - Tanforan race
track. • •
The meeting on Decoration day resulted
in a profit of $275. This Increases the asso-
dation's bank account to $000, which will
be used in the development of the light
harness horse, especially for speedway
uses.
AMATEUR HORSEMEN WILL
PACE AGAIN AT OAKLAND
CONNELLY WINS.
Brooklyn.
Canadian Defeats Hatty Matthews of
NEW YORK. June 5.— Eddie Connelly of
St. John, N. B., won a well earned vic
tory over Matty Matthews of Brooklyn
in a 25-round bout at 140 pounds before the
Seaside Sporting Club at Coney Island to
night. This; was the fourth time that these
men met in the ring. On two occasions
the result was a draw and Matthews re
ceived the decision the third time. '
To-night's light was lhe best bout of the
four, and Connelly won nil the way. giv
ing Matthews a good drubbing without
being once floored during the mill
Matthews was the favorite at 2 to 1 in
the betting and atidy sum of money was
won by the friends of the Canadian.
Matthews was on the floor nine seconds
in the eleventh and fifiain for the same
length of time in the eighteenth
Just before the bell ended the right
Matthews was on the floor from a right
hand punch on the face.
NO CHANGES RECORDED.
Positions of the Teams Remain as
They Were Yesterday.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 24 12 .666 St. Louis.... IS 18 .f.00
Brooklyn 20 15 .571 Boston 15 18 .455
Pltteburg 21 19 .525 New York... 13 21 .330
Chicago 19 IS .514 Cincinnati... 13 22 .371
PHILADELPHIA, June 5.— Bernhard gave
Plttsburg two runs on wild pitches In the sec
ond Inning to-day, which, with three doubles In
the^ same inning, netted the visitors four runs.
It looked like Pittsburg's game until the eighth
inning, when Cross made a home run, pending
two men across the elate before him and win
ning the game. Attendance 4155. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ptttsburg 5 6 1
Philadelphia 6 12 2
Batteries— Chesbro and O'Connor; Bernhard,
McFarland and Douglas. Umpire — Hurst.
BROOKLYN, June 5.— Killen had Brooklyn
shut out for seven Innings to-day and then
weakened. With the score 4 to 0 against them
the home team batted out two runs in the
eighth, and in the ninth a hit by pitched ball.
Farrell's scratch, two singles and Keeler"s fly
brought in the winning run.- Kltson finished
the ninth inning and blanked the Chicagos. At
tendance 1J00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 9 ¦ 3
Chicago 4 11 1
Batteries— McGlnnlty, Kltson. Farrell and
Mctjulre; Killen and Donahue. Umpire — O'Day.
NKW YORK. June 5.— Until the eighth inning
th<> game to-day was interesting. Then the
Clnclnnatls drew ahead. ; Attendance 1 1300.
New York 8 9 3
Cincinnati 14 15 4
Batteries— Carrlck and Grady; Phillips and
PelU. Umpire— Emslle. -
BOSTOX, June 5. — To-day's game was a slug
ging match In which Boston proved, victorious.
The St. Louis team went to pieces In the eighth
inning and allowed Boston to score six runs on
five hits. Attendance 3500. Scoret
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 15 15 3
St. Louis 11 14 S
Batteries— Plttenger,- Lewis and Clark; Jones
Thomas and Criger. Umpire — Swartwood. *
MILWAUKEE, June 5.— Milwaukee 2, De
troit 3.
American Asociation Games.
CHICAGO, June 5. — Chicago 0, Cleveland 1
MINNEAPOLIS, June 5.— Minneapolis 9 In
dianapolis 12.
KANSAS CITY, June 5.— Kansas City 10, Buf
falo 3. .
CHOKER'S COLT WINS.
With L. Reiff Up, Takes the Bradford
Two-Year-Old Plate.
LONDON, June' 5— Richard Croker's
black colt Manhattan Boy, with L. RelfC
up, won the Bradford two-year-old plate
at Dunstall Park •: to-day. The same
jockey also took the Dunstall Juvenile
plate on J. G. Mosenthall's Spanish Hero
and the Madelay plate on Lee Feu. Tod
Sloan at Bayfleld won. the Llngfield
spring two-year-old plate >on J, Musker'a
bay colt Newton. f
. The Oxted eejling handicap was won by
P. Alexander's brown filly Smokeless
-with J. Rein! in the saddle*
NEW YORK, June 5.— Jean Ueraud ami
Imp measured strides in the Brookdale
handicap to-day at Gravesend, and Jean
won after a stirring struggle from flag
fall to finish. The race was at one mile
and a furlong, and only four horses pa
raded, Charentus and Prince McCIurg,
wilh the two others mentioned making
up the field: They were sent off on the
first break to a good start. Jean Beraud
was on the rail, with Imp next, and they
came down past the stand like a team,
running head and head. Going up the
backstretch Jean Beraud showed In front
by half a length. Rounding the far turn
Imp moved up on even' terms and they
came into the stretch head and head.
Then for a few strides the black mare's
head showed in front. At the last six
teenth pole Beraud got his head in front
and O'Connor drew his whip on the mare.
She responded gamely, but at the weights
Jean proved the better and he rushed
across the line a neck In front, while the
crowd cheered them both to the echo. At
no time during the entire journey were
they more than a half-length apart.
Only two favorite^ won, Trumpet and
AVatercolor. Results: : - -"" '^
Five furlongs — Trumpet won, Kensington
second, Oliver Mac third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Merito won, James sec
ond. Toddy third. Time. IMS 2-6.
Five furlongs— Watercolor won, Cressona sec
ond. Competitor third. Time, 1:02.
The Brookdale, one mile and an eighth— Jean
Beraud won. Imp second, Chaxentus third.
Time, 1:54 1-5.
Five furlongs— McAddie won, Holstein sec
ond, Carl Kahler third. Time, 1:01 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Post Haste
won, . Precursor second. " Merry Prince third.
Time. 1:49 1-5. -
CINCINNATI, June 5.— One of the pret-
ST. LOUIS, June 5,— Results at the fair
grounds: :^;."
Two-year-olds, five furlongs — Joe Frey won,
Isabel second. Wild- Pirate third. Time,- 1:01%.
Six furlongs, selling— Tenole won. Aunt 1 Mag
gie second, Roy Baker third. Time, 1:154. ¦ ,
•One mile ' and, seventy yards, selling—Cap
ron won, Z.iza second, Rushflelda third. Time,
Six furlongs — The Sprite won, . Maydine sec
ond," Morris , Volmer third. Time, 1:13%.
Six furlongs, selling— Doll I e Welthoff won,
Sir Gattan second. Theory third. Time, 1:144.
Selling, five furlongs— Harry Pulliam . won.
Small Jack second. .Hurry third. Time. 1:02.
At No Time During the Highly Ex
citing Race Were the Horses
More Than Half a
Length Apart.
Jean Beraud Beats Imp by a
Neck in Brookdale
Handicap.
GAME STRUGGLE
FROM START TO
THE FINISH
terday. The club is seeking to establish
its contention that the Tax Collector
served the wrong person when he notified
the club that its license must be trans
ferred on the office books when a fight
was transferred from Woodward's to Me
chanics' Pavilion.
tlest finishes ever witnessed at the New
port track occurred in the first race here
to-day. The first five horses finished In
a bunch noses apart, all under whip and
spur. The decision went to Little Billy,
with Matchbox, at 15 to 1, second arid
Rotha third.
Gil Curry and his friends made a killing
on Sakatuck in the fifth race. The horse
was played at the track and In the pool
rooms. Weather fine, track fast. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Little Billy
won, Matchbox second, Rotha third. Time,
1:22'4.
Mile and fifty yards — Sprung won. Dr. S. C.
Melrs second, -Lunar third. Time, 1:43^4.
Four furlongs — Bonnie Lizak won. Bean sec
ond, Oracle It third. Time. :49H-
One mile, selling— Greatland won. Eitholin
second. Virgle O third. Time. 1:41.
Six furlongs, selling — Sakatuck won. Polly
Bixby second. Lady Kent third. Time. 1:15.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Margaret
Hageman won, Beana second, Junatta third.
Time, 1:22U- ¦ ' ¦
CHICAGO, June 5.— Weather clear and
track fast at Hawthorne. Results:
Five furlongs— Tenny Belle won, Mauga sec
ond. Inshot third. Time, 1:02ft.
Seven furlongs, selling— Dr. Walmsley won,
San Mateo second, Emlglre third, j Time.
1:27%. /
One mile and a quarter— His Excellency won,
Domsle second, Julius Caesar third. Time,
2:07-%.
Five and a half furlongs— Kid Cox won.
Fancy Wood second, Invictus third. Time,
1:08^. ¦--;-¦
Six furlongs, selling— Miss Shanley won.
Golden Rattle second, Brownie Anderson third.
Time. 1:16»4- .
One mile— Eva Rice won. Imp. Mint- Sauce
second, Cogmoosie third. Time; 1:41.
John J. Greeley Has an Unpleasant
Experience With Carbon Mon
oxide in the Hall.
John J. Greeley, assistant warrant clerk,
was nearly made a subject for the Cor
oner yesterday through the defective gas
fittings in the City Hall. One of the war
rant clerks has to be on duty all- night,
and for his comfort there is a bed In the
room off Judge Mogan's courtroom.
Greeley retired about midnight an.fl left
the gas burning low. About 7 o'clock yes
terday morning Bailiff Coghlan of Judge
Mogan's court went into the room and at
once detected a strong smell of gas es
caping from one of the jets. He roused
Greeley with difficulty and it was some
hours before he fully recovered. If the
window not been open a little he
would have been suffocated.
It is supposed that owing to water hav.
Ing been in the gas pipes the light had
been extinguished, leaving the jet open.
It was not the first time the lights had
popped out because of water In the pipes,
and the warrant clerks asked the Board
of Public Works to supply them with
electric lights Instead of gas,- but the
change has not yet been made.
ASSISTANT WARRANT
CLERK'S NARROW ESCAPE
Greyhounds of Class Entered for
Midweek Event — Coursing 1 To-
Day at Union Park.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park has arraneed a forty-eight-dog
stake as Its offering to-morrow to the
coursing men. The quality of the mid
week stakes is continually improving, as
evidenced by the entry of the Clalrs and
other greyhounds of class. Russell, Allen
& Wilson will start for the first time their
imported dog Seabreeze. The first brace
of dogs will go to the slips at 12 o'clock.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Ru&sell. Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clalr vs.
O'Shea Brothers' Mercy May; J. H. .\V. Mul
ler's Terrona vf. R. P. Julian's Sweet Music:
A J Kemp's Move Out vs. J. Carroll's Red
Hind; Russoii, Allen & Wilson's Miss Wilsnn
vs. G. W. Helntz's Coquet: C. Banner's Choecho
vs. F. HerrinK'n St. Elmo; J. Dean's Granada
vs. P. Ford's Bonita; Al Austin's Bohemian
Girl vs. J. Dickpon's Lady Bess (formerly Black
B?ss): J. J. Edmonds' Whiskey Hill vs. J. J.
Esmonds' Mornlnc Glory; B. Wood's Black
nijrht vs. M. J. Welch's Lady Norborne; E.
Baumeister's Warrior vs. C. Bonner> Fro*ty
Morn; A. Johnson's Bald Eafjle vs. S. Handy's
Lady Hugo: H. A. Deckelmann's Lawrence vs*.
J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser; Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple ve. 1). Dillon's Prince- George: J. Car
roll's Blu"ston<; vs. Conntl! Brothers' Goodby;
Sterl & Knowles' Olita. vs. J. Sutton's Glen
Anne; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. M. J.
Welch's Milldale; A. Frank's Loiterer vb.
Maher A Reid's Pinsleton; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Rosle Clalr vs. Farley Brothers' Morse
Patrol; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Seabreeze'
<lmp.) vs. J. Vanurchl's La Goleta; Rterl &
Knowles' AmaroFa vs. J. H. W. Mulleins Rox;
B. Fhrehan's Galtep vs. Connpll Brothers' Log
Boy; Al Austin's Nora Lawrence vs. C. Wiley's
I'ayran: Ruf.-wII. Allen & Wilson's Password
vs. P. Dingle's Cash In: D. K. Carter's High
Jinks vs. Connell Brothers' Green Isle.
The usual midweek stake will be run
to-day at Union Coursing Park. Sixty
dogs will go to the slips. Coursing will
commence, upon the. arrival of the 10:15
a. m. train.
FORTY-EIGHT DOG STAKE
FOR INGLESIDE PARK
ROW IN THE LUBECK
RESIDENCE EXPLAINED
Charges of Battery Against Jacoi.
Green and Adolph Lubecl: Are
Dismissed.
The domestic troubles of the Lubeclc
family, at T»24 Golden Gate avenue, wers
aired In Judge Cabaniss' court 3 - esterday,
and they were rot edifying. Jacob Green,
Morris Lubeck's brother-in-law, and
Adolph, his eldest son, were charged with
battery upon the old man last Thursday
night. Lubeck was represented by Attor
ney Monteith and Green and Adolph Lu
beck by Attorney Rosenthal.
Lubeck testified that Green came to his
house and suggested that owing to th<* un
happy domestic relations between him and
his wife they should get a quiet divorce.
Lubfck agreed to this, providing he got
the pawnshop on Sixth street, and then
Green struck him on the head with a can?.
knocking him down. Then Adolph took,
the car.e and struck him with it, and his
wife came out with another cane and also>
beat him. lie had suffered mentally an.l
physically since. To show a motive he
said that he had informed the Federal
Government some years ago that Green
and his three brothers were smuggling
diamonds into the country. For that rea
son there was a conspiracy tv> kill him.
On cross-examination Lubeck denied
that he was in the habit of beating hi a
wife. She called him names last Thurs
day morning, and his second' son. Oscar.
Interfered and he slapped his face. Ha
denied that he tried to strangle the boy.
Green testified that Lubeck attempted to
strike him with a cane, and he struck him
in the face In self-defense and broke tht»
cane. He denied that he was ever accused
of smuggling, or that he had ever dono
such a thing. He had for years helped to
support Lubeck's family, because Lubeclc
was too lazy tf> work for them. The last
named was constantly abusing his wtfe.
Adolph Lubeck corroborated his unclo
and denied striking his father. He sepa
rated hts father and uncle, that was all.
Dr. A. S. TuchW testififl that Lubeclc
was suffering from an Inflamed eye duo
to the blow about an inch and a half be
low the optic, and there was only on©
chance In a hundred that the injury would
be permanent.
The Judge dismissal both cases. Consid
erable timf WH wasted bv Attorney Mon.
teith Insisting upon the Judsro taking th<j
evidence merely to show whether thu nvira
serious crime "of mayhem should not b*»
charged. He <llri not want the defendants
to get the benefit of "once in jeopardy."
The Judge ruled asrainst him.
Lubeck has instituted a $..0,000 ?uit for
damages against Green and his son.
fornlan has made him favorite at odds of
10 to 6. Some bettors venture the opinion
that he will become a stlllstronger favor
ite before the men enter the ring. What
ever may be the future, of- betting In
this city, the men who like -to have a bit
up on their favoritS boxers will have an
opportunity- to do so,. at least this time.
The Injunction restraining the police from
interfering will not have been dissolved
until after this fight has been decided.
In addition to the main event the Colum
bia Athletic Club management has ar
ranged two promising preliminaries. Toby
Trwin and Willie Cole will appear In a fif
teen-round bout, while George Curran and
Chick Finnerty will box ten rounds. Jack
Welch will referee the fifteen-round v af
fair as well as the main event.
The whirlwind fighters of the San Fran-
Neill's victory over Australian Tim Mur- '
phy sent his stock booming. This is* shown j
in the betting on his meeting with Mof- {
fatt. The pressure of money on the Call- i
cisco Athletic Club will perform to-mor
row night in the club's Sixth-street gym
nasium. Alex Greggains, matchmaker
and referee, has nine bouts scheduled, all
THE doubt and uncertainty -which
hovered over the meeting between
Boxers AlNeill and Jack Moffatt have
been entirely dispelled. The men have
entered upon the last -week of their pre
paratory work, free from any injuries
which might affect their chances in the
ring- on Friday right._ Moffatt has had no
setback since his arrival here, and the ex
tra week's work which the postponement
of the bout gave him has been in the na
ture of a windfall. He has gone on stead- :
ily in his work, taking advantage of every
moment of the time.
Neill's arm Is pronounced absolutely
sound, and he will enter the ring ready to
defend his title, to all the honors of the
ring which he has won during his short
but meteoric career.
of which promise the usual excitement in
cidental to these tournaments.
Boxers Tried Out.
Tommy Cox, the recently arrived 120
pound boxer, who lays claim to the feath
er-weight championship of Australia, was
%iven a "try-out" at the San Francisco
Athletic Club last evening. None of the
natives appeared anxious to give the little
man from the antipodes a go, so Charley
Thurston, the welter-weight, was brought
forward. Cox, who was sadly out of con
dition, made an excellent showing with
the heavier man. He proved an adept in
the art of ducking and side-stepping,- and
will not long be kept on tt\e waiting list.
Another Impromptu affair was a four
round bout between Alonzo Tucker, a col
ored middle-weight from Keswick, and
Bob Hodges of Montana. It is claimed
Tucker made Van Buskirk quit in four
rounds, but the latter lighter must have
been on stilts when he did so. In the sec
ond round, by a series of skyrocket up
percuts, Hodges had Tucker nearly down
to the Queer-street ferry, but he recov
ered, and honors were even at the close.
Boxer Jack Moffatt,. the Chicagoan, Tossing tie Medicine Ball.
The hearing of the action by -which the
National . Athletic Club seeks to enforce
Tax Collector Scott to withdraw his
ing declaring the club's license forfeited
was continued before Judge Murasky yes-
National Club's Contention.
John A. Russell of Illinois Named as
Attorney General of
Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: John A. Russell of Illinois,
to lx» Attorney Genc-ral of Porto Rico;
famui! C. Bothwell of Porto Rico, to be
Marshal of the Supreme Court of Porto
Rico; William H. Elliott of Indiana, to be
Commissioner of the Interior, Porto Rico;
W. F. Frcar of Hawaii, to be Chief Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of Hawaii;
Clinton A. Galbralght and Antonio Perry
of Hawaii to be Arsociate Justices of the
Supreme Court of Hawaii.
Judges Circuit Courts of Hawaii — Abram
6. Humphreys of Hawaii, first judge, first
circuit; H. H. Sllliman of Hawaii. "second
iudge. first circuit: John W. Kalum of
Hawaii, second circuit: W. S. Ed dings of
Hawaii, third circuit; Gilbert *\ v Ldttle of
Hawaii, fourth circuit: J. Hardy of Ha
waii, fifth circuit.
William Haywood of Honolulu, to be
Collector of Internal Revenue, District of
Hawaii..
WRECK AT SANTA ANA-
Southern Pacific Freight Train Runs !
Into an Open Switch.
SANTA ANA. June 5.— The f Southern I
Pacific freight train drawn by engine 1619 I
ran into an open switch at 4 o'clock this
morning when entering the city, derailing
Lhe engine and one car. Engineer Potter
jumped through a window, landing safely
some twenty feet distant. Fireman Pot
ter remained at Jiis post.
The wrecking train was dispatched from
Los Angeles and by noon traffic was re
sumed. The switch was left open by
Wipr-r Hately. The engine was held from
tipping over by a heavy draw bar con
necting with the tender.
Delegates From Monterey
MONTEREY, June 5.— The delegates
•who have been chosen to represent the
Fifth Supervisorial District (Monterey
County) at the California State Demo
cratic Convention In Sacramento are J.^P.
Sargr.nt and Mayor R. F. Johnson, both
of Monterey.
Will "Wed in Woodland.
Spf-lal I*sr..atch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 5.— William Morrow
of Stockton and Miss Lillian Brown of
this city will be married at 6 o'clock
Wednesday ; morning. They -will leave at
occe lor their vuture home In Stockton.
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap
pointed and Patents
Awarded.
Sjw»ojeJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. D. C. June 5.-The
following pensions have been granted:
California: Original— John Curtis. Vet
erans' iiome, Xapa, %i>; Walter S. Hanks.
Soldiers' Home, Xapa, ?10; William G
ttoinpus, San Ditgo, $6. Renewal— Noah
IV. Coffman, Los Angeles, $*. Original
widows, etc. — Annie M. Bailey, San ;
Francisco, $>>. Mexican viar survivors, in
crease—Thomas Kelley, Kohnerville, $11*.
War with Spain— Henry Jajand, San j
Francis Co, $24.
Oregon: Original: John E. Heizer, Mon- j
taviiia. jti. Increase — L*rak1as Korbes, !
£-iy, «7; James cl. Corben, Palestine, $30.
\\ as-hington: Original— Harden C Hili,
Parser, 4i2. Increase— I^eonard Graves, ]
Mount Vernon, $lu; Samuel Rowley, Issa- '
quali, $6.
The following postoffices have been ts- j
tablished:
California: Lonetree, San Benito Coun- 1
ly, Charles P. Warburton, Postmaster.
Oregon: Homestead, Union County, j
James H. Pearson, Postmaster.
Tne following postottices have been dis
continued:
California: Markbam, Sonoma County;
mail to Duncans Mills.
Oregon: Tucker, Wasco County; mail ,
to llooa River.
The following -Postmasters have been :
commissioned:
California: Hurleton, George A. Corke. I
Oregon: Elkhead, Williarn Baimbridge. '
The following Postmasters have been
appointed :
California: Emigrant Gap, Placer !
County, It.' E. Montgomery, vice Fannie !
R. Deuel, resigned.
Oregon: liiiey, Harney County, Alfred i
O. Bedell, vice ixai^nah M. Oakermau, re- ;
signed.
Washington— Home Valley, Skamania \
Cotinty, b rank Davids, vice John Kamk- j
kebery, removed.
The United States Civil Service Commis- |
glon announces a special examination for j
postorncts clerk and carrier at Oakland ;
and lliverside. Cai., July 7.
Itural free delivery will be established ¦
at Newbery, Or., June IX.
Army orders: Capiajn William L. Si- I
bert, corps of engineers; now at San Fran- '.
cisco, will proceed to Fort Totttn, New !
York, for temporary duty.
Patents — California: Harry A. Abrott,
Sunol. swath cleaner for mowing machine; |
lrw. M. Dillman. Oakland, ladder; Berger '
Err.*ri<.l9on, San Francisco, automatic !
weatjher btrip for doors; Vincent Gifford, !
assignor of three-fourths to A. J. Stevens j
and A_ and K. W. Villinger, Los Angeles, j
wave j motor; Henry- J. Kramer, Los An- !
gelesj bicycle saddie post; Harry P. Ma
son aiid T. Hart. Millwood, appatatus for
hauling; Iors; Antonio L. Xavone, Calls- ;
toga, urtaretor; Robert J. Northam. Los
Ar.gel«;s, head for rotary pumps; Fernando !
Proih'?ro. Michigan Bar, wheel; Oliver ;
Rico, Oakland, ruj? sewing machine; Wil- :
liam Rommel and T. R. Owen, Los An- \
peles. 'hitching fetter for animals; Al- i
phonzc v. Wilbur. FAockton. grain drill; |
George M. Williams. Santa Ro«=a, truck j
lock: fjeorge C. Wood, Applejrate, acety- i
lene SiU.s generator.
Orejrr>n: James P. Bonton, Dalles, water !
cock.7
Wrj'shlnrton: Clyde Landers, Tacoma, ,
portable ticket machine.
PRESIDENT SUBMITS
LIST OF NOMINEES
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF THE COAST
The Ruling Odds in the Betting Are Already Ten to Six
on the Californian With a Promise of Still
Greater Difference.
Entire Police Department Is on the
Alert and While Many Arrests
Have Been Made Deeds of
Outlawry Continue.
Si»ec!aJ r>:t;.atch to The Call.
I./OS ANGELES, June 5.—Xotwithstand
i:ig the arrests of William Watson and
James Murray, alleged to be the .footpads
who Saturday -night shot to death \V. J.
Breckenridge, the era of lawlessness
continues, and additional holdups are
constantly reported. *
The latest victim Is Fred Baker, a
miner from the Randsbure district, who
was relieved of pXi by a io:ie highway
man well disguised. Alfred Boycr, who
was sandbagged and lay three hours
In the streets. Is another victim.
Charles T. C. Bonnell. Deputy Sheriff, is
&lso reported as a. sufferer. Theee bold
.¦¦..:.- ut outlawry have ail occurred
within, the past twenty-four hours*,
The entire police force, including de
tect! *ts, while working upon clows after
each hold-up, seems unable to cope with a
serioua situation that citizens who mu.-~t
remain out after da.rk are compelled to
(ace.
The latest capture of supposed hJgh
wayme:; was made to-day by Detectives
ISradish and Sieele when they took in Ed
UurKc and two eumpa-Hioius. These sus
pects fit the many descriptions given of
lhe tall and short ra~n. They have been
put through the sweatbox. From the
many signs that passed between the pris
oners before they were separated the po
lice think that they have, made an im
portant capture. All are young men, well
dressed, and, according to the detectives,
are the scions of well to do Los Angeles
families.
Three Daring Hold-Ups Re
ported in Last Twenty-
Four Hours.
FOOTPADS ARE
STILL BUSY IN
LOS ANGELES
Mayor's Ofice That the Municipal
Deficit May Be Wiped
Out.
Plan Discussed at a Conference in the
It- was practically decided at a secret
conference of the Mayor, Auditor and'
Supervisors' Finance Committee held in
the Mayor's office yesterday afternoon to
have the legal status of J.he St. Marys
Park appropriation of $125,000 determined
in court. Various plans were dis
cussed to save the city officials from
being associated with the scheme, and the
proposition of having some one or more of
the city's creditors bring the matter of
adjudication was the most favored.
The plan contemplates the presentation
of a demand on the Auditor about the
middle oi this month by sorau merchant
creditor. That official Having set aside
the moneys required for salaries for
June, St. Marys i-*arii fund and certain
'•tlier contracts heretofore entered into,
including those for light and water, Ber
r.al ParK, Bosworth-street tunnel and a
new police station, will refuse to sign the
demand presented on the ground that
there is no money to pay it with. The
creditor will then bring suit mandamusing
the Auditor to draw on the moneys on
hand. This will result in a decision as to
whether lhe fund for St. Marys Park is
held to be inviolate or whether it can be
used for other purposes.
This course is deemed necessary in the
endeavor to wipe out the municipal de
ficit which Expert Williams stated Would
be approximately $105,000. The Auditor pro
duced figures at the conference placing
the deficiency at $153,000, but the amount
was reduced to William's' figures by the
discovery Of certain other moneys which
will come to the city during the next four
weeks. Tax Collector Scott informed those
present that Lhe estimate of SS5.UO0 due the
city on protested taxes had been found
to be 195,1)00, which will add $10,000 to the
depleted funds.
lhe commission* on collateral inherit
ance taxes and poll taxes, amounting to
JlNWV, which Treasurer Brooks has not
transferred to the unapportioned fee fund
as required by the charter, are expected
to swell the funds also, and other addi
tional revenues will probably bring the
doticit down to SI Co. 000.
The Mayor stated that he would Inter
view both the Treasurer and the Assessor
iind endeavor to settle the affair so that
they would relinquish all claim to the
commissions in order that the money may
be applied to paying the city's debts. The
Mayor held that the case was not one for
Grand Jury Investigation; but that he pos
tessed the power, vested in him by the
charter, to bring atout a solution of the
difficulty. As Treasurer Brooks is under
stood to desire a court order to turn the
commissions ovtr to the city a pretty
struggle may be on to determine that dis
puted point.
The plan to permit the adjudication of
the St. Marys Park fund question through
creditors is interesting, from the fact that
the City Attorney has decided that the
money cannot be diverted to other uses,
and the Supervisors recently passed a res
olution providing that the money should
be set aside by the Auditor and Treas
urer for the purchase of the property for
the proposed park. The resolution has
been complied with bv the two officials
named, but It 5f certain that a court de
cision will be invoked before the contro
versy is finally settled. The charter pro
vides for the payment of demands In the
order cf their presentation, and this point
way be utilize.l to shut out the demands
en St. Marys Park fund.
The Board of Supervisors will meet this
afternoon at 2 o'clock for the purpose of
devising ways and means to relieve the
financial stringency and also for the pur
pose of passing numerous demands, wnlch
were laid over from Monday's meeting.
Scheme to Have Its Legal
Status Determined in
oourt«
ST. MARYS PARK
FUND IN VERY
GRAVE DANGER
Sets Forth in a Communication That
O'Donnell in His Letters Merely
Surmises and in Reality
- •" Proves Nothing.
F. W. Dohrmann has sent the following
reply to the letter of Joseph K. O'Oonneil
which was given publicity yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 5. 1900;
Mr. Joseph' E. CTIXmrwU. City-Sir: Your
letter of June 4 just reamed ir.e. In . I Uce
of substantiating your charges, you merel>
recite t*iat you were le<i to behe\e that 1
was interested in the City Street l^rove
ment Company, because you observe.! u hen
the previous street cleaning specifications
were under consideration, that Mr. JleDon
a;d consulted me before entering his con
tract; in other words, you base your cn.irge
U TTe a fa?t7^n S tb™ca.se f vv^e U n'MrMcDo n aW
consulted us were that the Merchants As
sociation had provided in the specification*
for street cleaning that the street contractor
should not keep less than four watering
carts in constant u ? e to prevent
raised by his men while sweeping. \v a then
endeavored to prevent these carts beins
used and Mr. McDonald consulted our com
mittee to tln.J out whether the association
would object to have the .sprinkling car.s
provided for in the contract used in other
blocks than those your clients were sprink
linff at The expanse cf the merchants.
This consultation, therefore, was on be
half of your clients, as our officers saw no
reasons -why Mr. McDonald's carts should
sprinkle the same blocks which your c»£""
were .ilreac!y sprinkling if they sprinkled
sufficiently to prevent dust from the wcrK
of the sweepers.
In consequence of this interview your
clients remained undisturbed wherever they
did satisfactory work and the merchants
continued to r-iy. .
FailirR to substantiate any of your pre
vious charge?, and apparently to kt-ep up
the controversy, you now proceed to maxe
another assertion as untrue as your- pre
vious ones.
You state that the ordinance prohibiting
sprinkling on bituminous streets was passed
at my suggestion.
The facts are that neither I nor the iler- .
chants' Association had ' anything to do
with it. Teamsters and others, whose ani
mals slipped on the wet pavements, com
plained, and the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals asked for the pas
sage cf this ordinance, as Mr. Holbrook,
iti secretary, informed us, and will, no
doubt, confirm.
It Is true, however, that the Mayor con
sulted our superintendent about it and was
told that he, the superintendent, saw no
objection to have this experiment tried, but
the dust became so intolerable after sprink
ling ceased that the Board of Supervisors
was petitioned to rescind the ordinance.
The Street Committee requested the Mer
chants' Association to consult with them
when this request was consiilprf-d.
After also consulting with Mr. Holbrook
and others interested in the safety of ani
mals the Mercants' Association agreed to
make thorough and practical tests to ascer
tain how, without danger to animals, the
dust could be kept down.
These experiments were made under direc
tion of Superintendent Kine and at an ex
penditure of nearly $1<JOQ, and resulted so
satisfactorily that the association favored
rescinding the ordinance prohibiting sprink
ling on bitumlnized streets.
The present specifications for street
sprinkling were prepared by our superinten
dent after these- experiments were under
way and approved by our board of directors
before belnc recommended to the Board of
Public Works. The future will prove
whether or not they are fair, practical and
likely to urove effective.
Should any further explanation of them
be required by the citizens. I shall have to
leave it to our superintendent. Mr. King,
who is more familiar with them than I am,
to furnish it.
As to myself, I «hall take no further no
tice of charges or insinuations .as to my
motives in ar.y action I have taken in con
nection with the efforts of the Merchants'
Association for improving the municipal
conditions of Pan Francisco unless such
charges are substantiated by proof of their
correctness. Yours trulv.
F. W. DOHRMAXN.
DOHRMANN MAKES
VIGOROUS REPLY
TO HIS ACCUSER
Claims Charges Against Him
Have Not Been Sub
stantiated.'
Police officers John Gallaway and Henry*
Heinz entered the Receiving Hospital last
night dripping with blood and bearing
every evidence of havJr.g come In contacc
with a threshing machine. In their cus
tody', securely handcuffed.~wa3 G. R. Mos3
of 741 Howard street, v.-ho was also badly
disfigured. His head was battered ami
his face was so covered with gore that hi3
own people would har lly have recognized
him. I>r. McGettigan devoted half an,
hour dressing the wounds of the trio,
iloss was then removed to the City Prison
and charged with an attempt to do great
bodily harm.
lloss was to blame for his own undoing
and also for the sad plight of the officers.
He Interfered with the minions of the law
while they were in the discharge of their
duty and will now suffer the consequence.
Both officers were detailed by Captain
Spillane to arre-rt vagrants and beggars
and were therefore dressed in civilian
clothes. WWle In the vicinity of Sixth
and Howard streets, at about 7 o'clock.
they saw a large crowd cor.?rresate<l
around the doorway of. the Or!and.>
House.' Hurrying to the scene they fouml
the landlord expostulating with two
drur.ken women und a man. They de
manded to know the cause of the trouble,
and the landlord informed them that th<*
intoxicated persons wanted rooms, but
that he had declined to accommodate
them and ordered the trio out of his
house. The officers^ then proceeded to en
force the law. The man .who was in the
party asked permission to take hla w'.ro
home, which was granted. The remaining
•woman was SO Intoxicated that she ha<t
to be removed bodily from the lodeini;
house. Officer Gallaway stood the help
less woman against the building,
while Heinz crossed over to the police
patrol box to ring for the wapon. Whi!>
Heinz was on his errand Moss proceeded
to make himself obnoxious. He roundly
abused the policeman, hurling vile epi
thets at him. Gallaway ordered him tr>
desist and upon Moss refusing. Gallaway
moved toward him to emphasize his re
quest.
Mnss waited until the officer came close
to him. when he suddenly pulled a heavy
instrument out of his pocket and strurtc
Gallaway over the right eye. raisins a
lump as big as a nest egg. The police
man was stunned by t!>e Mow and sank t*>
his knees. Heinz saw the plisrht of his
fellow officer and closed in on Moss. Th»
latter proved a tartar. He is over six feet
in height, brnad-shouidered and as strong
as a young bull. Heinz received some bat
tering, as did Oallaway, who quickly
recovered and joint d In the fray. A crowd:
of hoodlums who lnf°st the district went
to the aid of Mo??, kicking and punching
the policemen whenever opportunity
offered:
Officer McQuaide arrived opportunely on
the scene and by a liberal use of. his stlcfc
quelled further trouble.
Heinz and Gallaway were without their
clubs, but they drew their revolvers and
struck out right and left, first subduing
Moss with taps on the cranium. They
dragged Moss into a grocery store and
even there had to battle with the hood
lums to retain their prisoner.
During the half riot friends carried ofT
the woman whose condition brought on.
the disturbance.
G. B. Moss Severely Battered and
Charged With a Serious Offense.
Riot on Sixth Street Creates
- Excitement.
Officers Heinz and Gallaway
Battle With a Gang of
Hoodlums.
POLICE WERE
BADLY BEATEN
MAKING ARRESTS
BOXER AL NEILL A STRONG
FAVORITE OVER MOFFATT
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
The cases of Henry Laurensoti and S. J.
Rlley, charged with giving away transfer
tickets, were yesterday, at the request cf.
Attorney Frank Kelly, dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss. . They were arrested some
months ago and the case was made a test
one, the Supreme Court - upholding the
validity of the ordinance. Kelly said the
Market-street Railway Company did not
desire to punish the defendants, but now
that the ordinance had been -upheld any
violation of it in future would be prose
cuted thoroughly.
Giving Away Transfer Tickets.
4
BBBBBBBBB&!BBBBBBSBB3jaaaBBSBBBBBBBBaaSBBBBB9Ba
§ H
B ->.;v.«; J V- ' HI
| tfTx Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble, Varicocele, ¦
I Kf^Dr. McLaaghlin's Belt I
J raSBy - /^yf Will cure you. It never fails. H.ive you g
S3 ."^flfi jfl$\ ever thought about it? Call on m* and let fa
H |l|x z #•' me explain how it pours into the blcod and §
q - V r * weak muscies a stream of curative electricity, §
B or send for my finely illustrated book on this subject. Read B
m there the words of those whom 1 have cured, and you *vill feel" S
B-'how convincing is such real evidence. Richard B. Clough, ?
g May 16, writes from Reddinci, Cal.: ° * a
B ,_ * have used your Belt as directed, and have found It do*s me a world of Rood I Ja
H I^^L that U ha3 he 'P«d my kidneys, and I have no longer the pains In the back S3
g which I had. You can publish my statement and refer others to me It you wlsli. tl
q My Belt has. restored thousands or men anJ women, and S
B itwill do the same for you. My advice costs you nothing my n
m book is sent free and is valuable and interestinc ¦
S T\v M A MnT a 11 a4il in * ™? F&'l 8t « eor K »» ra y. * »•; S3
£ JL/I • 111* J\, ifiLJLdUHllllIl, fnrdiek Block, wr. Spring iad Saaoai ¦
S ¦ »»••. **• Angdti. 01
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBflBBaBBBBBSBflflBBlBlBlBlBllSExperiment to Discover the Time
Eequired to Put the Vessels
in Active Service.
• WASHINGTON. June 5. — Secretary
Long to-day Issued an order for an experi
ment of the utmost Importance to the
navy. The purpose Is to see how much
time would be occupied in putting into
condition for active naval service a part
of the United States fleet to meet an emer
gency.
The vessels selected for the experiment
are the battleships Indiana and Massa
chusetts, now laid up in ordinary at
League Island with a skeleton organiza
tion of officers and men aboard. Captain
Dickens commands the Indiana and has
six officers and about 150 men under him.
The Massachusetts is under the command
of Captain Train, with four officers and
about 150 sailors. To-day orders were tel
egraphed Admiral Casey, the commandant
of the League Island Yard, and the two
captains above named to put the ships
into condition for Immediate service to
last at least -sixty days. No notice had
been previously given of. the department's
intention. By the terms of the order the
ships must clear League Island inside of
EMERGENCY ORDERS
TO TWO BATTLESHIPS
Companies Compete for Privilege of
Trying for a Beautiful
Trophy.
A try-out drill was held by the First
Regiment of the League of the Cross
Cadets last night in the armory of the
First Regiment, National Guard of Cali
fornia. The hall was crowded with the
young soldiers, who made a brave appear
ance in their natty blue uniforms and
glistening sabers. They gave evidence of
being well drilled by goins through diffi
cult evolutions without a mistake.
An inspection committee composed of
Lieutenant Colonel McGloln, Major J. E.
Power and Major Duffy was present and
noted the work of the various -companies
with critical eyes. Whatever decision the
committee arrived at was not disclosed,
nor will it be rntide known until next Fri
day evening, when the annual competitive
drill of the regiment will be held in Me
chanics' Pavilion. •
Companies K. I and L vied with each
other, for the privilege of contesting with
Company D, the tropny winner at the last
annual drill. Company K was commanded
by Captain. J. H. Reilly. Company I by
Captain Henry, Power and Company L by
Captain Frank Grimley. The three or
ganizations showed the result of careful
preparation at the hands of their re
spective drillmasters. The soldiers were
inspected and then drilled in platoon
movements.
Corporal Vincent Finnegan was awarded
a gold medal for being the best drilled
man In Company L.
Tickets for the coming drill can only be
had at the Monitor office. Flood building.
TRY-OUT DRILL OF THE
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
The commencement exercises of the
class of 1900 of the Cooper Medical Col
lege took place last evening In the college
auditorium. The degree of M. D. was con
ferred upon thirty-eight graduates. In the
class were seven young ladles — Edna
Lillian Peck, Mary Gertrude Halton, May
Arbogast Mathewson, Maud Noble, Ph.D.;
Anna Dixon Peck, A, B.; Dorothea Wat
son, and Jessie Wisner. The class also
included Paul Clifton Alexander, Henry
Herbert Atkinson, B. A.; Charles Rheinold
Baker, Charles McDowell , Cunningham,
Alfred Lawrence Draper, Ph. G.; George
Amos Droll, li. S.; WiiDert Lee Fay, tJ. b.;
Frank Starr Gregory, Francis Ueorge
Gunn, Joseph Louis Howard, Joseph Wil
liam James, Frank Krull, Milton Ellis
Lando, Carleton Mathewson, Donald Mur
doch McRae, Paul Bliss Noble, Charles
Augustus O'Connor, William Osmers, Al
len Earle Peck, A. B.; Francis Edward
liaynes, Frank Eyeritt Sawyer, A. B.;
Samuel Cecil Slocum, John William
Smith, William Freeman Snow, A. M.;
Henry Edgar Scuthworth. John Stile,
Ernest Eugene Thompson, Carroll
Thrasher, Hail Vestal and Otto Ferdi
nand Westeriield.
The auditorium was crowded with
friends of the graduating class. The pro
gramme was quite short. After music
Kev. Dr. Mackenzie offered prayer. The
orchestra played and President Lane after
brief remarks conferred the degrees. As
the students in response to the call of
their names went to the stage they were
warmly applauded and In several in
stances I'heers were added to the hand
clapping'. Professor William Fitch deliv
ered a valedictory address, in which he
exhorted the graduates to keep In view
high Ideals in their professional career.
Rev. George C. Adams also delivered an
address, taking for his theme that life
wits more than the consciousness of exist
ence. Incidentally he touched upon pub
lic matters, adverting to tha. Spanish-
American war and to the war in South
Africa. The tower of Babel, he said, was
typical of the aspiring mind of man in
many ages. He also paid a compliment
to the Hebrew, and said that the idea a
nation had concerning God was a largo
factor In its term of existence.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie pronounced the
benediction. The exercises closed with
music by the orchestra.
Thirty-Eight Young Medi
cos Graduated With
Due Ceremony.
Seven Young Lady Doctors Cheered
as They Stepped on the Stage
to Take Their Sheep- i
skins.
COOPER COLLEGE
SENDS FORTH A
LARGE CLASS
The Vschoolmarms" of the Girls' High
School are up in arms against what they
term an unwarranted action on the part
of C. C. Young, professor of Latin in the
Lowell High School. They accuse him of
going about on a proselyting expedition
with a view to obtaining recruits for the
institution with which he is connected. In
dignant comments are heard among the
feminine pedagogues of the Girls' School,
and woe betide the professor should he
come within striking distance.'
The specific charge against Professor
Young is that he urged the pupils of the
finishing class In the Spring Valley Gram
mar School to attend the Lowell High in
preference to the others. It is also al
leged that Professor Young further ex
patiated on the merits and good points to
be found only in the school of which he
is an honored exponent, and dilated espe
cially on Its magnificent plan of instruc
tion. This bit of gossip was furnished
yesterday at the class day exercises in the
Girls" High by a pupil of the Spring Val
ley School to Miss H. L. Leszynsky, who
In turn contided it to her associates, with
the result that the Young name is men
tioned with contumely and the Young per
son Is regarded as one to be avoided by
strictly ethical pedagogues, according to
the belief of these ladles.
Miss Leszynsky was greatly surprised
when she learned that the story of Pro
fessor Young's unpardonable offense had
become public property. She said when
questioned:
"One of the pupils in the Spring Valley
School informed me that Mr. Young had
urged the pupils to attend the Lowell High
School. I was greatly surprised to hear
of it. Several teachers with whom I con
versed on the subject expressed them
selves as Indignant, and it was stated,
with how much truth I am unable to say.
that this was not the first time Mr. Young
had endeavored to drum up pupils for the
Lowell."
School Director Denman had heard noth
ing regarding Mr. Young's alleged prose
lyting. He stated that there was nothing
In the rules forbidding a teacher to solicit
the attendance of pupils in other schools,
but that any active efforts in that connec
tion would be regarded as unprofessional
and would merit the attention of the
Board of Education. No formal charges
had been made, however, and no action
would be taken unless they were. Pro
fessor Ellsha Brooks, principal of the
Girls' High School, was likewise ignorant
of Mr. Young's alleged delinquency. He
stated that he had a high regard for the
Erofessor and did not think that he would
e so unprofessional as to do what had
been attributed to him. "If he did so."
said Professor Brooks, significantly, "I
should certainly go after him."
Professor Young when seen last r.ltrht
disclaimed any intention to steer pupils
to the Lowell* and away from the Girls'
High.
"All I said in my address to the pupils,"
said Mr. Young, "was that I hoped that
they -would all look forward to a high
school and university course. I did say
in a pleasant way that I would like to see
them at the Lowell If they should so elect.
But that invitation Is often given by high
school teachers. I also exhorted them not
to sidetrack themselves In a six months'
business school, but I made no extraor
dinary appeal for them to attend the
Lowell. In fact. I believe that the Girls*.
High Is a splendid school, and I would be
more pleased, indeed, if they all went
there.
Visiied Spring Valley School and
Urged Finishing Pupils to At
tend His Institution in
Preference to Others.
Pedagogues in Girls' Hig
School Angry at Pro
fessor Young.
ACCUSE LOWELL
SCHOOLTEACHER
OF PROSELYTING
Five young ladies received graduation
honors: Miss Louisa Bradley, Miss Marion
Dowsett. Miss Helen Rowland. Miss Abi
gail Campbell and Miss Anita Christal.
Notre Dame Hall's seating capacity waa
taxed at the opening of the commencement
exercises. Palms, choice plants and ever
greens decorated the stage, while above
in white flax was the class motto. "Noth
ing So Kingly as Kindness." In the back
of the stage in light green were the fig
i!r«-s IIKK). These decorations blended with
the snow-white dresses of the pupils made
a pleasing scene.
Notre Dame is one of the most promi
nent educational institutions on the coast,
and its alumnae include young ladies and
women in all walks of life, who eagerly
look forward to these annual gatherings.
People were present from all parts of
California to-day, and many parents came
from neighboring States to be present at
the exercises. Many priests were also in
attendance.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— Xotre Dame College
presented a pretty and animated scene
this morning, being thronged with bright
and cheerful students, their parents, rela
tives and friends, who had gathered to
witness the forty-ninth annual commence
ment exercises. The alumnae of the insti
tution were well represented, and these
former students held a reunion, greeting
each other and the sisters in charge of the
college.
Special Dirpatch to The Call
COMMENCEMENT AT THE
COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME
The first day will be devoted to the col-
Ipge. the second to the alumni and the
third to the ecclesiastics. After a vote
of thanks to the faculty the alumni ad
journed.
The golden anniversary of the establish
ment of the college occurs on March 19,
livl, and the next commencement will be
a memorable celebration. The alumni
decided to hold a three days' entertain
ment at that timp to aid in the erection
of a greater college.
A committee was appointed to draft res
lutions of respect to the memory of Ed
ward Stanton.
The question as to whether Santa Clara
College should be removed or rebuilt at
its present site was brought up by J.
Emory cf San Francisco, making a mo
tion that the alumni put itself on record
in resrard. to the matter. He made a
lengthy speech, telling how the sacred oid
wails and buildings recalled tender recol
lections to old scholars. He for one was
In favor of it staying- where it was. Others
spoke in the same vein. Dr. Fowler said
he vas sure the town would make many
concessions to keep the college where it
was and aid in subscriptions. It was
stated that by closing two of the town
streets an>l purchasing somr» property the
college site could be increased about ten
acres. A motion was ilien made and car
ried unanimously tha: the alumni was in
favor of rebuilding and extenfling the col
lege on its present site in Santa Clara,
The following: officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President. John J. Bar
rett, San Francisco; vice president, John
O'Gara. San Francisco; secretary. George
A. Sodgoiey. Sn.n Francisco; treasurer,
John Knright, San Jose; executive com
mittre—R. E. Kenna. ex-oflicio member;
James H. Campbell. San Jose; John
O'Toole. Snn Francisco; Charles M. Lori
pan. San Jose: Charles M. Cassin, Santa
Cruz.
At 4 o'clock President William Hum
phrey called the alumni together. Eight
graduates of the college were received
into the association.
Hurke. Oakland; Professor Rinbish.
Father OReardon, Berkeley: Thomas
Leonard, James Leonard, Aptos; Jamts
Breen. Eugene Breen. Stockton; Dr.
Cftristal. Santa Cruz; Dr. O'Rella, Dr.
McCone. San Francisco; James H. Camp
bell. Fathers Walsh and Jacqu<»t. J- W.
Ryland. C T. Ryland. H. A. Pfister. Dr.
Shreds, Dr. Seifort. J. P. Burke. C. C.
H. E. Wileox, San Jose; Dr.
Kowltr. Judge Herrlngton. E. G. Hirsch,
Dr. Burke. Santa Clara: the entire faculty
cf the college and others.
A- reception by the students followed.
VLe Domino N'oir" (D. F. E. Auber), over
ture, elsht pianos — Miss Louisa Bradley, Miss
Abigail Campbell, Miss Dolores Guerrero Mls<»
Rose Cunha. Miss Dolores Cosca, Miss Frances
Hallorrn. Miss Gladys Hitchcock, Ml?s Violet
Makee. Miss Virginia Ynlcro. Miss Louise Hey
fron. Miss Clara Silver, Miss Matilde San Vtn
cente. Janko keyboard— Miss Anna Holt'. Mis?
Benedieta Beshoar. Miss Ada Rhodes. Violins
MIfs Hilda Wllcox, Miss Alice Campbell, Miss
Virginia Zabala. Miss Genevieve Dowsett, Miss
Stella Kleeman. MIrs Marie Longe. Violoncello
—Miss Monica Wilcox. Viola— Miss Marlon
Dowsett. Grosse cafsge — Miss Irene DIckKon.
Timbales— Miss Almee Auzerals. Organ— Miss
Winifred McLauehlln.
At the close Rev. Father Prendergast
made the awards. He commended" the
work of the pupils very hlghlv. the school
was a good one. he said, and he had never
seen more thorough training. The con-
A-ent was an ideal educational institution.-
He compared a convent to an oasis of the
soul.
"Magnificat" ((K. Juvln). solos— Miss Alice
Campbell. Miss Virginia Ynlgo. Miss Marlon
Dowsett. Mlrs Matllde San Vineente;. accom
panists: Vinno — Miss Abigail Campbell. Miss
Louise Heyfron, Miss Gladys Hitchcock; or
gan—Miss Ixiulsa Hradley; guitars— Miss Helen
Rowland. Mirs Violet Makee. Miss Clara Sil
ver; violins — Miss Virginia Zabala, Mlsa Hilda
Wilcox. Miss Genevieve Dowsett; violoncello —
Miss Montca Wilcox.
"The Kindliest Crown" (original), Miss
Louisa Bradley.
VBella FiRlla" (Verdi), Miss Marlon Dowsett,
Miss UatUde San Vineente, Miss Alice Camp
bell. Miss Irene Dlckson.
"Surfum Corda" (original). Miss Abigail
Campbell.
Award of extra orizes.
"Fantasle Concertante," op. 35 (J. Dubez),
harp solo. Miss Winifred McLaughlln.
Diplomas and medals of excellence.
"Miracles" (original). Miss Helen Rowland.
'"O Stelle Amate" (H. Proch), vocal solo.
Miss Marlon Dowsett; harp accompanist. Miss
Winifred McLauehlln.
"Kpithalamlum" (Guldo Papinl). first vio
lins—Miss Hilda Wilcox. Miss Alice Campbell.
Miss Anna Holt; second violins— Miss Virginia
Zabala. Miss Frances Halloran. Miss Genevtrve
Dowsett: third violins— Miss Marie Lonse, Miss
Stella Kleeman: viola— Miss Marlon Dovvsett;
piano accompanist — Miss Louisa Bradley.
"A Gleam in Gloom" (original). Miss Marion
Dowsett. - •
Award of premiums.
Graduation honors,
••Larghetto" (Nicoli ven Wllm), harp. Miss
Marion Dowsett; violin, Miss Genevieve Dow-
EGtt
Polaoca (Mohr). arranged by Sisters of Notre
Dame— I'lanns. Miss Rose Cunha, Miss Dolores
Guerrero. Miss Virginia Ynigo. Miss Louise
Barer, MIfs Mercedes Somellera, Miss Irene
Dlckson; harps. Miss Winifred McLaughltn,
Miss Marion Dowsett, Miss Louise * Heyfron;
zithers. Miss Dolores Cosca. Miss Matllde San
Vineente: violins. Miss Alice Campbell (solo).
Miss Hilda Wllcox. Miss Stella Kleeman. Mis3
Genevieve Dowsett. Mis* Frances Halloran,
Mlsu Anna Holt. Ml«s Virginia Zabala, Miss
Marie Longe, Miss Annie O'Brien. Miss Bene
dlrta fieshoar. Miss Geraldlne O'Connell. Miss
Ai'a Rhodes. Miss Marguerite Malavoa; guitars.
Miss Helen Rowland, Miss Violet Makee; man
dolins, Mlrs Almee Auserais, Miss Elslneth
Jones, Miss Marparet Hill. Miss Gladys Hitch
cock, Ml?? Ksther Boardman, Miss Blanche
Skelly. Miss Clara Silver. Miss Louisa Bradley,
Miss Amelia Soto, Miss Jane Lathrop, Miss
Dolores Yzabal; violoncello. Miss Monica Wll
cox: orsan. Miss Abigail Campbell,
"Le Depart" (eight pianos) (A. Le Due), Miss
Gladys Hitchcork, Miss ElFibeth Jones, Miss
Virginia Zabala, MIfs Ksther Uoardman, Miss
Virginia Ynigo. Miss Louise Heyfron, Miss
Jane Lathrop. Mi?s Monica AVlloox. Miss Fran
ces Hall^ran. Miss Irene Dlckson, Miss Gene
vieve IV>wsett. Miss Altnee Auzerals; Janko
keyboard. Miss Anna Holt, MIes Mary Green
how, MIfs Bcnedicta Beshoar, Miss Ada
Rhodes.
Chorus, vocal classes; piano accompanists.
Miss Abigail Campbell, Miss "Winifred Mc-
Laughlln.
"What Can We Do?" (Oriclnal), Miss Anita
ChristaL
Each delivered an original essay, receiv
ing hearty applause.
A fine classic musical programme was
presented. The opening piece on eif^ht
pianos, "Le Depart." was a gem. Miss
Winifred McLaughlin's playing on the
harp and the harp and violin duet by the
Misses Marion and Oenevieve Dowsett
were excellent and called forth great ad
miration. The chorus singing by the vocal
classes was a most enjoyable feature, a3
was Miss Marlon Dowsett's vocal solo.
"O Stelle Amate." Mohr's "Polacca." ar
ranged by the Sisters of Notre Dame for
fortv instruments, was exceptionally
good.
The programme in full was as follows:
R. E. Kenna. president Santa Clara Col
lege; Judge Coffer, John J. Barrett. Wil
liaw; Humphrey, John O'Gara, Messrs.
Kennedy. Kather Woods. Father O'Con
nell. Father McKinnon, Michael T. Kel
]v. Father Crowley, San Francisco; A.
Casebery. John Casey. Sacramento; M.
Casey. Gilroy; James X^rtoR. San Luis
Obispo; Ed Lcake, Woodland; John
Th«* c'umr.i heU a gra-nd rounion to-day.
A couple «'f hundred former students
wore present, and tnese talked of days
gone by. All day long they hung about
isjniliar haunts of their school days. The
Catbcriag, which has long been aw annual
custom, took on significance this year,
as tl-.e next commene^nvnt will be the
2itti«Hh anniversary, when the corner
s'; cne of the new buildings is to be laid.
The opinion of the alumni was asked,
hut aft<-r visiting their alma mater these
old students decided that old adobe build
ings, aged olive trees and relies of padres
of a century ago were too sacred to de-
Ftroy or l^ave and voted as their wish for
the college to remain at Santa Clara.
Their vrfsh will be observed by the church,
as the town authorities agreed to makt
desired concessions. The alumni re
union and banquet occurred this after
noon. Tables were laden with dainties
ar.<i dflioacK-s of all kinds. Over 1<X> were
sr-aled at the tables. Among those pres
ent were:
Nci;li medal, for general proficiency.
¦warded to William Kieferdorf; special
n.« i:t:on. Va'.er.te Kilippini, Edward Leon
ard. Henry Kinch, John Clarlt. Guy Con
:.» r aiid E&dwaxd Leake. i
Junior Nobli medal; awarded to Law
rence Desman; special mention, Albert
.¦uenbishop Kiordan medal for Christian
doctrine awarded to Roman Lascen.
D-'iiahue medal for Latin and Greek
awarded to John Hegan; next in merit
J.awrenee Uegman.
Kyluriil prize for philosophy awarded to
John Clark, fcr rhetoric awarded to Leo
Jones, tor grammar Julius NeUing.
Owl rrfedal for mathematics awarded to
Charles Lighthouse.
ilcCann in-jdal for debate awarded to
Wi.aam Johnson.
McCann medal fcr best paper on debate
awnrJed to Wii'.iam Johnson.
Kennedy medal tor oratory awarded to
j.-.rr«.s Uucigalupi.
The conferring of degrees followed.
Alumni Henuion.
Tl'c address of the «-venir.g was deliv
ered by Hon. Frank J. Sullivan of San
Fr«r:ciseo, whose subject was, "Ratio
fckuuiorum; or. the Jesuit System of Edu
cation." The subject was suggested by
President Eliot of Harvard, in which he
attacked "the uniform prescribed educa
tion" of Jesuits. The speaker said what
is wanting in the elective system is sun
plied by the ratio studiorum of the Jesuit
order. It gives classical, scientific and
nr.oral training. It is clastic and suits ail
conditions of men. The ideas of President
Eliot were claimed to be unsound, and
Quotations were cited from Professor
Munsterborr of Harvard, Professor Hale
of Cornell. Dopew of Vale and others to
prove this. Mr. Sullivan pointed out the
many advantages of education gained in
Jesuit colleges.
Tl;*» announcement of .awards was as fol
lows:
'"Carcia Moreno, a Typ*- of True Justice."
Fdward Leon:ixd; cornet solo, E. I. Leake.
The following programme was then ren
dered in a creditable ms.nr.tr: Music, San
ta Oara College orchestra; Salutatory,
<\'.ar!e:< Thompson; original essay, "Is It
Justice ?" William Kieftrdorf; musk", San
ta Clara College orchestra; original poem.
Eight students received diplomas,
with degrees or bachelor of arts. They
Trcre. Valente FHippini, William Kiefer
corf. E'i I. Lcake, G. \Y. Connor, Thomas
Casey, Ed Leonard, A. Sylvia and C.
Thcmps ->:\.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— The Santa Clara
College -theater was crowded this
evening on the occasion of t>he grad
uation exercises. A fine musical and
3it~rary pr^gramine was rendered.
Esec'.al Dlmetch to The Cell.
ESTEE'S APPOINTMENT
CONFIRMED BY SENATE
President's Nomination of Wheeler
for Brigadier General Also
Accepted.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The Senate, in
executive session to-night, confirmed all
the nominations sent In to-day. The
nomination of General Wheeler to be
brigadier general was confirmed, as was
that of John R. Hazel, to be District
Judge for the Western District of New
York. The following were also confirmed-
M. M. Estee of California, to be United
States District Judge of. Hawaii; J c
Baird of Wyoming, to be United States
District Attorney of Hawaii.
Court of Private Land Claims J R
Reed of Iowa, to be Chief Justice and t'
C. Fuller of North Carolina, W W Mur
ray of Tennessee and II. C. Sluss of Kan
pas and W. F. Stone of Colorado, to be
Assistant Justices.
The Senate also confirmed all of the
Porto RIcan appointments made by the
President yesterday.
The nomination of William Haywood of
Honolulu, to be Collector of Customs' Dis
trict of Hawaii, was not confirmed.
RIFLES AND AMMUNITION
CAPTURED BY AMERICANS
General Mascardo ? s Camp Destroyed
and He Is "Willing to Surrender
His Forces.
MANILA. June :».— Forty rifles with ar
tillery and a considerable quantity of am
munition have been captured by the
Americans in the mountains back of
Dur.aluaihan. Three Filipinos were also
taken.
American pcouts have destroyed the
ramp of General Masrardo. The natives
report that Mascardo. with 2S.K) men and
500 rifles will surrender if given assur
ances that they will r.ot be imprisoned.
Yesterday while scouting in the vicinity
of Santo Tom*M. provir.c- of Neuva Eciju,
two Americans were wounded.
An investigation into the burning of
Car aba has been ordered. It is alleged
to have been done by drunken sailors.
Several local commercial houses recently
received anonyiroap warnings that the
Filipino crev.s of t heir .coastwise steamers
Intended to kill the white officials when
ever a favorable opportunity arose. Con
sequently th<' Fteamers are now running
¦with armed 13urt.p«-ar> guards.
The members of the Civil Commission
are now selecting offices and places of res
idence. ,'•*:"
All Negotiations to Secure Peace in
St. Louis Have Thus Par
Failed.
ST. LOUIS, June 5.— Negotiations be
tween the_ strikers and the St. Louis Tran
sit Company looking to a settlement of
the strike are off for the present and
probably will not be resumed until the
strikers agree not to demand the dis
charge of the men now in the employ of
the company in order that they may re
gain the positions they gave up when the
strike was declared.
Attorney Lehmann, for the Transit
Company, stated plainly to-day that every
man now in the- service of the company
must be retained in the place assigned
him. and until this is assented to by the
strikers negotiations as to other matters
are useless.
From a rioting standpoint to-day was
practically uneventful. Assaults on in
offensive passengers continued. William
A. Sander of Tilsit, Mo., and William
Deneke of Houck. Mo., were set upon and
brutally beaten by a crowd this afternoon
because they rode on a Transit Company
car. . .
COMPROMISE WITH THE
STRIKERS DECLARED OFF
An lnterestlngjecture - was_dellverqd last
night before the Callfornia""Camera~ Club
by Mrs. M. Baldwin on "Alaska. Manila
and Mexico." Mrs. Baldwin showed a
number of lantern sljdes representing
scenes in the three places mentioned,
which were greatly admired. The trench
views in Manila during several engage
ments anil the views showing the manner
of packing goods from ships to the shore
in Mexican harbors where there are no
wharves were well received.
Camera Club Lecture.
A four-hors4? team ov.'ned by Gray
Brothers, the contractors, was halted on
the corner of Polk and Vallejo streets yes
terday noon, and during the absence of
the driver onf> of the animals became
fractious and jumped over the traces. The
bcafit landed on top of a hitching- post
made of a paspipe. wliieh perforated his
bowels. So fast was the creature that It
took some time to release him. It was
necessary to kill the horse.
Impaled on a Gas Pipe.
The ease of Policeman E. N. Boukofsky,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon upon Gripman Driscoll, was again
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
Neither Boukofsky nor his attorney wns
present. Chief Sullivan produced a certi
ficate from Dr. Basset that Boukofsky
was able to appear in court, and later his
own physician. l>r. Gruiiij?, admitted the
same thing. The Judj?<' continued the case
until this morning. and intimated that If
Boukofsky did not. appear a bench war
rant would be issued for his arrest.
Boukofsky Must Appear.
Superintendent of Streets. The complaint
alleges that on May 3. 1*30. Ackerson waa
a passenger on a Larkin-street car and
received a transfer over the Sutter-street
line, which he tendered to the conductor,
who refused to accept it. Another fart*
was demanded, but Ackerson refused to
pay it and he was thereupon ejected from
the car.
Mayor of the Town of Copallio, Mex
ico, Took Part in Killing Two
Frenchmen.
CITY OF MEXICO, June 5.— The mys
terious murder of two Frenchmen travel
ing In the loneliest part of the State of
Guerrero has been cleared up. MM. Cour
mont and Depln went together into tho
State of Guerrero to look for investments
and took with them considerable cash.
On the banks of the Balsas River they
were killed, and it was given out that
they. met their deaths in a fight with an
armed force of police which tried to ar
rest them after they had fought with
boatmen.
It now develops that the unfortunate
men were assassinated as a result of a
deliberately laid plot to obtain possession
of their money. The alleged assassins in
clude the Mayor of the town of Copallio.
Francisco Sanchez, who is an Indian, and
the man who had been employed by the
Frenchmen as guide.
Before being killed the Frenchmen were
brutally tortured, their assassins trying
to compel them to reveal the whereabouts
of money which they were supposed to
have taken into the country.
three days. The officers who have pro
jected the experiment hope to do better
than that. The ships each have about
650 tona of coal aboard, but must be sup
plied with food, maps, bedding, ammuni
tion, etc.
The hardest question to deal with In
the present straits Of the navy is that of
personnel. Officers were wired at once,
and It was necessary to rob some of the
bureaus of the Navy Department of
much-needed assistants. The officer most
remote from League Island is Lieutenant
Wilson at Boston, so that all of them
should be aboard ship by to-morrow night.
The Hartford's crew, now at Norfolk, has
been ordered to leave to-nlRht for League
Island, and from her numerous crew the
complements of the Indiana and Massa
chusetts will be brought to the standard.
About 3X) men and twelve officers will
be required for each battleship.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER
IS NOW CLEARED UP
Graduates of Santa Clara tonege.
Diplomas and Medals Awarded Eight Graduates and
Degrees Conferred— Alumni Holds a
. Reunion and Banquet.
ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT
AT SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
THE SAX FRA3STC1SCO CALL, -.WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 19OO.
Ackerson Suss Sutter-Street Road.
The Sutter Street Railway Company
was made defendant in the Justice's Court
yesterday In a suit for $299 damages
brought by William W. Ackerson, former
Red Branch Rifles Picnic.
The annual picnic and reunion of the
Knights of the Red Branch .Rifles will Le
held at San Jose, on Sunday, June 17, the
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hili.
Patriotic songs will be sung and speeches
made by prominent speakers o* San Jose.
Resolutions suitable to the occasion -will
be adopted. Numerous pate and game
prizes will also be awarded. A feature of
the day will be a game of Gaelic football
between the Columbia and Shamrock
clubs. Special arrangements have been
made with the railroad company to go by
the way. of Oakland. Fruitvale, Niles, etc.
Excursionists should take the 9:30 o'clock
brond-gaupe boat on the morning of the
picnic. A first-class band of twelve pieces
has been engaged for the occasion.
5
anSCELLANEqtra.
r" - " ||S ' i
A Woman Cured.
HSVi South Grand Avenue. Los An-
geles. Cal.. Feb. IS. 1S09.
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.— Gen-
tlemen: I have feared paralysis; I
would feel nervous, oizzy, have
headache and a numb feeling all
over me, and at times be complete-
ly prostrated. I tried medicine and
doctors, but found little relief until
I was advised to try Electrozone.
Before I finished the first bottle I
felt a great improvement, and con-
tinued until now I am in perfect
health. In all I have used three
bottles. I write this for the benefit
of any woman who suffers with
such ailments peculiar to our sex.
I would not be without the medl- "
cine. Yours respectfullv.
MRS. ALIDA C. G. ASKAT.
Thousands of women have been
cured by taking ELECTROZONE.
The most obstinate cases that have
not been benefited by any other
remedy have yielded to ELECTRO-
ZONE. It is the most effectual of
all remedies. Cures chronic cases
of Rheumatism. Kidney and Blad-
der Troubles. Female Complaints,
Nervousness, Catarrh and all Blood
Diseases.
At Druggists. $1 bottle.
Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
k S A GREAT RESTCHATIVii. I-NVIUCICa-
* tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and B'adder. Sells on tta own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Asenta,
123 Market it.. 3. F.— (Send tor OxculwJ
f>/\l/\ge: hotel
The hlch standard of excellence main-
tained by thes* hotels !.« recoffnlxed and
appreciated by a discriminating and fa»-
tidlous clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Fraocisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and thopplng districts, places of amuse-
ment -and wltb the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
Qt CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
fl _/7.~"^v Orlglnnl and Unty i;_auli.cv.
£-J\ &&A *>r CHICUJiSTEK'S ESGIOSH
lir.U Jal Cold neuuio bora. ml«t
*K — -*vfd jftiUMrltiboa. Take bo other. Sefaa*
Trj *^* *yj I»«^ireroa« ."*uh«tlt»:lon« »o J f-itf-
I / ~ fn **•¦•• Bay »f yo«r l>rue«i»t. or sra4 4e. ta
I •— ' Jf tnmmp* tor Pnrtloul.t^, TMlai.oUli
I B .ad •• R.Hef for I -,l I*.. - M l.,,*-, */?£
«-X ' L' tarn Mail. IH.Iuhi Imli»iUii. Sol.1 »r
> { «BDr»«i»w. l-blehe>terCbem!ealC<K.
lUsttaa HIM p*p«. il «dl*« ¦ g<j>ir«, PMIl.A., y£
Bermuda has furnished New York flor-
ists wltb lily bulbs for many years.
The South African war has resulted in
an increased demand for glycerine.
The metal In the big bell of Moscow
weighs nearly 200 tons, and is valued at
several thousand pounds.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| &km> $1.25 -.• jA i dL $8.00 Cameras |
»!* eWS^WMlrm Tnis fine heavy ' £^ Cameras that j«
& G&MWSW Percale Wrapper take a picture 4x >^^^^I( 5
I m&E "^iTtl Handkerchief Special Sale U&$fem^gffi
* /Arvw !¦!! STO 8tyles ? f yokeo ' ¦ Safe To-Day. Dress Linings. excellent can3- 5
*£ /tfmslw ! \ V\\ r8e s » ades °/ In special sale sectioa, main aisle, we offer The Emporium has purcha-ed f rom a maun- ra», that have a!- si: **^ je
* //fflliiii ¦ 111 .,' al ?°" d ' for this dav (Wednesday I only: facturer who wished to close it out 600 w , a^ *£ e ° ret^ l! " _ , -J
£ M » ll I ink sn 1, he! . 10 - 200 dozen Ladies' Sheer Lawn Hemstitched pieces of Black Taffeta Skirt ed at S8.00 each, are offered „ « j
»: fJSil Se LT? Handkerchiefs, fancy tapa border. Lining, with .assorted farcy borders, at f^^' fe^Uls^i 2of -0^ {{
* $?5??rfIpfcV\ \\\ ,, e "S ur -» eaoh 3& a great redaction from rega'ar price, a «5
£ MnW&Wk IAA »» »«»» »B n - 92 Hozen Ladies' Extra Sheer Lawn Fancy paving which to-day we gve our patrons M«*VI Z2EC XfiiSSh %
WfsU'lUoL iir^ I 7 * L2: "~ t0 - ¦ Revero Drawn Hemstitched Handker- the full benefit of. This linin? is 36 . JZ™JfJ?£* *5l *
ff ..¦¦/ , Vii^iiiAi^^* day QZZgu chiefs, re^u'ary 2oc each 11 C inches wide and cornea in 5-yard pieces, ImOOuS TOr BOG* ,%
K on| y w^<U 25 dozen Fancy Lace Trimmed Lawn Hand- regjlarly $1.00 per piece. To-tfay Three varieties, each in a lar,je as3ort- w Jj
£* 5sa*»£rA# <&£? TK kerchieTs, on sheer coth, recularlv 20c... only the special price per piece Oin ment. Imnortei Fancy Ofpon;?, dainty \f
$ *,& VdGKGW &OafO* ,. m each 13C will te 3&C Scotch Madras English Printed Cross . JT
*£ New fl/ ironl Jacket, medium, dark, c>v- ,. Welts, every piece thi3 year's produc- v[
j£ er!;, silk lined, ail wool and a very fi •? -.-—¦-- -^ ' "ZIZ mmm ' •¦¦¦_. ' tion, colors all up to date and perma- "<c
t," cloth, best workm nsh : p, fini-h-vi wkb /23$/^5» & '*£& B *ZTiBf13} $* BG €? "'feS&ri^l nent, suitable for outing an i horao wear; ft
tf four row.; of fno clcse stitching, aii &4ffi§8!8? i£9jj*4r&*L0'S&ln s£2?€MBi£m ST GmBm*P s^*§9i| to-day's special price fcr these „ ¦*
% sizes, regularly $9.0.)- 7£ « * Bsr^ . 25c per yard goods MOG $
K to-dav on.y <3px>«if& During the entire week a large importation of real Ostrich Feather Fans Jf
£ second Fiopr-Front. w j c jj s hell blades, and the correct siza and style of Empire Fans, Three Specials, %
? Ladtes' worth from 35c t0 * 5 ' 00 Pacht at Undermustin Dep'U 5
I Mf vests OsiG-Thapd Off Regu tar Prices. J^'tSj^:^ f
If =< 5 CFQ — eight different J? ;?S •*
$ <f uUrGa I~~^L st 7 Ie3 of 50° ancJ V • f "«
* A *9> R v chei:ou Ribbed Ladies' Sailors ! Rogers Siivsrvsare 75c corset VM j
»! /1lffV«\Vm Bryptian Cotton KJB n g* fi> M 7 MM at at out C ° v .°'* s » no ' 12& 5>A -2
if /W\\\\\lli)\ VeslF » low nack, no . Half PriGCm Half &—if*» a!l sizes in each /»j '%^J^i ;.- {«
Z* Av\\\ WM \ sleeve* tine Hriwn , . nalW rrlGCm style, but your siza / 8. )ijj*g \\ , ; fi
* 1W arcu\dVS!nlarr g^TO> , Tk's year's most sought This U the Wm. Rogers & Son flatware, in some of them, at % W$)\ %
£ VW/lR. hoe- the proper *jAlufc £"" \\l J" at *"«* to - fnlly gnirantned by the maker as next in the . very special / A i M\U \ X
* MlflliR^ garrnent for "warn < lppiSi q^ity to -1847" Rogers Bro,. heavy silver- V^e, eZh...35o \\^MM ) -$
«k? \l I' 1 ' 1 "' " ., . ., Pt C^M LlOlOS Jl.'M Clack _^A I mm f ~% r* 1 9t f \. V^ C* T Jj mr
il^^MMiiM^ 0&;S£ Split Mian Sailors to-day K/^^^CSS^ wk 8 «d tm bro;derj/r.gu'ar.r JW5 :«
R "^ A 'OC vSs.^is^ X y to-day $1.25 C
S — » - a - Ladi;3' $2.00 Black Pineapple Sa : lors to- Ladies' Gowns, tha $125 *5
K @3 r 6>&&S'l®S, LE&SSOFS. day • $1.OO plated spoons and forks, at about half regu- Ma3 ; in Gown3> tncked with ribbon g
V Mnnnv-vtvmn Prirtxt Ladies' ?3.00 Navy Blue Split Sai ors to- lar prices, for this day ; only. insertion, sizes 14, 15 and 16 only, spe- '1
i ™ZT:Te™%J, Z°*' 2B fe=s ••.•.•.•.•.•.••*. / ' 50 ...! ea .^'.ri. d !: i . g i.'!.^"-.7«= cui »*> os ° I
? Fo i: c^",-!od™y."™ s .°r.:57« j 95.OO, $8.00, sto.oo. Wz^itsM^^sgiVss 92 - oo ti ??r* ieres $
** L lib* RtastE OOf. 1-lb tin?. 12C Second Floor. Silverware Department-Rotunda. §Ma25a
"U.-x" brand Gom Ecef, 2-!btins.. ¦ A little lot (only £0 pairs) of exirj. X
| Piciiio Hem^ft«5--aSS We are overstocked with men's $12.SO ggj^ K'Z' jo'L' £*^ |
g shoulders, very fine, about 7 or 8 lbs £Jf{# $15mOQ Sl'nijBB-StrSaSiea SSCK SliltS, closad out to U3 the other day. They 3»
*S F/a^edRicG-^rtlj'coo^T/'Zvkss and until ftsrih&r notice offer choice of HI an d r boS; there ar 9 wl threi n gfod *?
i- 25c ««m«# nf Ifiaea #*230*rM03M^s in nun* JS/ot*#* fffif* colors in the lot; excellent for couch j*
i- Emporum f&van Soap, no tetter any or these garments in our store wor co7ers . worth i4M , r , it . r , mto4 .«
X ., nl ,dry .oai. m»de. 7 hr. S5O HlfjE MINETY-FiVE ($9.93). HaM/SOUIS, -atsh ...S1.23 -5
I Eu '.°. bo seasonable fabrics in ZO of the newest "— ~- ' "•» 5
|. ?^ t t.?Sp?l»i^ patterns and colorings, fashionably cut f^^. f
S' Bourbon wijiskv- cutters a No. af fi/ well made. We are overstocked in <« forr H Mi
ft' 1, tint genuine A. P. H'H.ilinR— to-day, . .. ESjGm M\'\ \\ 11 v
g rer bottle 7Oc tHeSQ tWO liliQS. . 3 4 *, , . ill/ $
&- ClS)'-ot Wine— A good, sound wine 1 Another bargain \\\\\\ \\W .%
tf t 1 v rer OSXlton 23o m^« mmmwm jm mm— «¦ 1 ei^ Ki ks vi pi *"H found by our a'ert "\\'\1 11/ •*
% e ' laS ' rLKU .". y ..'tfo > jrc» e , n S/ 0 44 " Adv " in 9 2*E\*S forl^ ld^ m * itation cut - glass <^S^» 'j
*>' G~''^'rtJ- \ phrrirp r > vc-r old ar'iole Thursday V?A -, _ J^ » *»» --.^'fiS me r Book pitcher.*, bought at •»
»: Er *Zi&~tttev D er «Hon sl.80 Call. P 3 5? ©O W«H Ifcule &AZ2tAB*. ¦§! Balletin . J nch a f ow fi^ re that we shall 3ell them j
$ MaTnFiool^ar CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. special to-day only, each 19o 5
A case 102 years old has Just been settled
In the, Court of Claims at Washington. -There is one thing certain— if Tammany gets into
the apple-cart with Bryan, it will take the ice trust
aiocz with it.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARIE CORELLI-D. C. B.. San Jose.
Cal. Marie Coreili, authoress, is a resi
dent of London, England.
LEGAL TENDER— R.. Cits'. United
States silver dollars are a le^al tender In
any sum, unless otherwise contracted.
A HUMORIST-F. M. S., City. There is
no school In San Francisco in which "a
person may learn to become a humorist."
Humorists are, like poets, born, not made
to order. -
AN OLD NEWSPAPER— L. H. M., San
Juan. Cal. 'A genuine copy of . the \"lr-
Slnia Gazette and Petersburg Intelligencer
The youthful burglar who has been safely placed
behind the bars and who pleads for mercy on the score
of inexperience probably thinks that a lenient. public
ought to permit him to perfect himself in his art be
fore he is sent to the penitentiary.'
Much in discredit of William Jennings Bryan has
been justly said, but perhaps the most bitter arraign
ment of him has-been that he looks with favor upon
Congressman Sulzer as his running mate in the
Presidential race.
..From". the way the-CIark and Daly feud is warming
up the chances are that a man with a faculty for mix
ing things in politics could do better by going to
Montana this summer than forty men could do by
xroinc to Cape Nome.
Side lights of Life.
From the Chlcasro Dally News
The man who loved and lost didn't get
his presents back.
When a woman has no troubles of her
own the chances are she will go over to
•1 neighbor's and "borrow some.
The man who never made a blunder Is
a poor one to have in a responsible pos!
tion.
Attend to trifles to-day. The more Im
portant matters will come in due time.
When you hear a man complaining that
he ia tired of life the chances are that
he has never made any good use of it.
A philosopher says that every failure la
a step toward success. This explains why
some men become richer every time they
fail.
The Boer Commissioners to the United States, it
is said, intend to interject themselves into our Presi
dential campaign. The gentlemen ought to remem
ber that if Uncle Sam has a reputation for not inter
fering in the affairs of others he insists absolutely
upon his privilege to mind his own business and ad
jtist his own affairs.
The police officer who refused the other night to
permit Mayor Phelan to break into the Chinatown
quarantine ought to be arrested for disturbing the
peace. If his Honor had only forced his way through
the lines and remained there a dove-like peace would
have settled on the City Hall.
The drunken police officer who seeks to excuse his
murderous escapade in the Western Addition on the
ground that he was temporarily insane must think
that his superiors suffer from- the same complaint.
If the letters of W. \V. Foote to his friends are any
indication of his ability the State Commissioner to
Paris might not unwisely try his hand at a new ver
sion of "Innocents Abroad."
The Modesty of Merit.
Rev E. J. Hardy. liritish Army Ch.ipiain
I have known half a dozen Victoria
Cross men. but never heart! a battle yarn
from one of them. I remember tryins tr.
draw from a friend who had distinguished
himself in the battle of the Alma, where
he had two horses killed under him. some
thing as to his feelings and experiences in
an engagement. All I could get from him
was: "A battle is a very (Il3a«rreeable
place to be in. Come and I'll show you
my pigs'." SR9E
Marriage Maxims.
Culled from Cnnan rv>yle's Books
Never both be cross at the same time.
Wait your turn.
Tou were gentleman and lady before you
were husband and wife. Don't forget 1:
Blind love la a foolish love. Eheourase
the tw?s»t.
There is only one thing worso than quar
rels In public. That is carcs?es.
The man who respects his wife does not
turn her into a mendicant. Give her a
purse of her own.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS
PRETTY FOULARD DRESS.
The dress represented la of white
foulard with a delicate green pattern.
The collar, the trimming of the corsaga
and bottom of skirt are white liberty
silk. The girdle is of panne velvet of a
deeper shade of gTeen.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
What Makes Popularity.
From the Chicago Tribune.
"This is one of the literary successes of
the' year," the bookstore salesman said,
handing out another volume.
"H'm — is it suitable for young persona
to read?" aske<l the customer.
"Well. no. ma'am. Our most popular
books, you know, seldom are."
IMPROVED CONVENTlON HALLS.
P SHORT time ago we directed attention to the
1 reports from Kansas City concerning the excel
* lencc of the hall which is being constructed in
that city for the use of the Democratic convention.
The building is to differ from most of the structures
that have been used for Presidential conventions in
asmuch as it is to be constructed primarily for such
gatherings and not for expositions. Thus it will have
better acoustics and oe in other ways more convenient
for the work of the delegates. It, is now reported
from Philadelphia that equal care has been taken to
provide for the Republican convention there and that
the results are likely to be even superior to those
.,r«-.; n ~H in tVir Kann.-is Citv buildine.
improved upon."
In describing an examination made of the hall by
Chairman Manley of the Republican National Com
mittee the Philadelphia Record says: "In order to
make a complete test of the acoustics a practical trial
was decided upon. Select Councilman Harris took a
l>ofition on the stage near where the speakers' table
will be, and the inspecting party posted themselves in
different parts of the hall. A few sentences were ut-
Urcd in a slightly raised tone of voice by Councilman
Harris, and every word could be heard distinctly in
the most remote part of the hall." Henry C. Payne
cf the National Committee, who assisted in the ex
amination, h quoted cfi faying: '"Never in the history
of the party has any city provided such a convention
hall. It is a marvel :n every way and could not be
These improvements in the structures used for na
tional conventions arc by no means unimportant mat
ters. It is in the highest degree desirable that every
delegate in the convention should hear what is Roinjy
on and what !s said by the speakers from the platform.
Had the Democratic convention of 1896 been held in
a lull where the voices, of men like Russell of Massa
chusetts couid have been heard the country would
have been spared the nomination for the Presidency
of a man whose only distinction is the strength of his
lupjr?. Thi* year there is not likely to be much i".
the way of discussion in either convention, but in the
coming years it will be different, and it is therefore
a nutter of note that convention halls are hereafter to
be something: more than huge exhibition sheds.
thorlty on ores, who lives here, proposes
to make a special report on the specimen.
At first glance the piece of ore looks like
an ordinary gold nugget, weighing about
an ounce, but when closely inspected
shows crystallization that Is very rare.
The formations of gold are fern-shaped.
Under an ordinary magnifying glass these
fern formations are very beautiful and va
ried, showing to the mineralogist the pe
culiar conditions under which the gold
was deposited. Such are never found on
this coast, but in much older countries.
In the specimen in question the body of
the piece is quarts, almost entirely cov
ered with a thick layer of goJd.
published in 1733 is a curiosity, which
probably would be purchased by some of
the libraries.
THAT TWENTY MILLIONS— O. H. B..
City. The reason the United States pairl
Spain J2O.0OO.0OO for the Philippines was
that it was a provision of the treaty of
peace.
staxford uxrvERsrrr— p. s.. Pre
sidio, Cal. For information about ad
mission to the Stanford University ad
dress a letter of inquiry to the recorder
of the university at Palo Alto^ and ha
will mail you a circular of information.
BICYCLE ROADS-E. F. H., Woodland.
Cal.. and Biker. City. The Big Oak Flat
route, via Chinese Camp, Priests and
Crocker, 118 miles, is fair for wheelmen
who want to bike to the Yosemite. Many
experienced cyclers say that the Yosemite
trip is too hard to be taken on a wheel.
To go to Los Angeles by wheel take the
coast route, via San Jose. King City. San
Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara. Roads
good. Distance 425 miles. The California
Associated Cycling Clubs' road book on
such a trip is an Invaluable guide.
_ ¦-- SILVER of Los" Angeles, who is
|J prominent both in the business and
|| . political life of the south, has been
I * for years a collector of rare coins
* and specimens of gold and silver
ore. Every time he visits this city he
brlnffs with him some rare curio to exhibit
to his friends. This time he has a speci
men of gold ore from South Africa so rare
In composition that he has been offered
all sorts of fancy prices for it. For years
it lay In his cabinet unnoticed, its owner
attaching no more value to It than he did
¦to a hundred other pieces of rock. One
day, recently^ a friend who chanced to be
something of a mineralogist was look
ing through the cabinet and became
greatly excited when- he picked up the
specimen in" question; Since then the bit
of ore has. been, in great demand among
mineraJoeists.' and now an eminent - au-
Julius Cain, a merchant of Newman, Is
at the Lick.
W. S. Porter, an attorney of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
W. H. Clary, a mining man of Stockton,
is at the Lick.
Dr. G. N. Wood of Silver City, N. Mex.,'
is at the Buss.
F. P. Primm, a merchant of Redding,
is at the Grand.
J. C. Campbell, a mining man of Nevada
City, is at the Grand.
Dr. J. Alfred Ascher of Cherry Creek,
Nev.. is at the Grand.
F. W. Macfarlane and wife are regis
tered at the California.
J. McClish. a fruit grower of Sonoma
County, is at the Russ.
P. H. McDermott. a mining man of Los
Angeles, is stopping at the Russ.
J. A. Chanslor/ a prominent young oil
man of Los Angeles,' is at the Palace.
George W. Trimble and George E. Fris
bie of Leadville are guests at the Palace.
James McCudden, the railroad contrac
tor of Vallejo, is stopping at the Grand.
Mrs. James Campbell and daughters ar
rived from Honolulu yesterday and are
guests at the Occidental.
S. S. Satchweli, a clerk in the War De
partment, and H. M. Harnist of the Sub-
Treasury Department are registered at
the Occidental.
Among those who arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday and registered at the Occi
dental are Mrs. N. O. Bradley, Miss Bes
sie Bradley and II. T. Marsh.
Ceorge A. Smith of Salt Lake City, ac
companied by his wife, is at the Patece
on a pleasure trip. He is the Receiver of
Public Moneys In the United States Land
Office at his home city.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, leaves to-day on the
steamer Gaelic for the Hawaiian Islands
on a business trip. He will be absent
about a month and will be accompanied
by Mrs. Dohrmann.
Naomlch Kunagi. Hlcognl Wada, Ken
kichi Tange and Hajune Matoda, four
Japanese in the Governmental service of
their own country, arr"ved yesterday and
registered at the Occidental. They will
make a thorough study* of livestock in
America and then go to Europe for the
purchase of fine cattle for breeding pur
poses. It is the Intention of the Japanese
Government to improve the livestock of
Japan and these four representatives have
been commissioned to make investigations
on these lines.
RARE SPECIMEN
OF GOLD QUARTZ
PERSONAL MENTION.
A REPORTED ORANGE PARASITE.
ORANGE orchardists are reported to be much
alarmed over the northward movement of a
parasite known as the "Mexican orange mag
got," which is said to be extremely destructive and
very difficult to exterminate. Although called "Mexi
can," the pest is said to have made its first appearance
near the Isthmus of Panama. It has gradually worked
its way through Central America to Mexico, and is
now said to be approaching the American border.
The orange-growefs of California are not going
to be caught napping by a threatening danger of that
kind. Agricultural Quarantine Officer Craw has di
rected the attention of the commission to the pest
and advised that radical measures be taken to pre
vent its entering the State. Our reports add that the
orchardists in Southern California have communi
cated with parties all over the State urging that' the
Western Representatives at Washington be asked to
hasten at an early date the passage of the national
horticultural quarantine bill, governing the importa
tion of fruits, trees and plants from foreign countries
and between States. Upon the request of the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce, the local chamber
sent a dispatch to Senator Perkins urging him to in
terest his corepresentatives in the passage of the bill.
In all matters of pests public panic exaggerates the
danger, and it is probable the fear in this case is
much greater than there is any reason for. The pest
has not destroyed the orange industry of Mexico, for
that country will have millions of oranges to ship
this year. Nevertheless it would be foolish to admit
a pest of any kind when by the exercise of due dili
gence it can be kept out of the State and the coun
try. For that reason it is to be hoped the efforts made
to hasten the passage of the national horticultural
quarantine bill will succeed. As Congress is about to
close the session, however, it is hardly likely the
measure can be passed at once. Such being the case,
it will devolve upon California to stand guard for her
self.
It is said that as the pest is of the same color as the
fruit it is very hard to detect, and there is danger it
may, be brought into the State with the oranges im
ported from Mexico or Central America. A close
watch, of course, will have to be kept to prevent the
threatened evil. Forewarned is forearmed, and now
that our people have had their attention directed to
the danger it is to be hoped we shall be able to avert
it. Certainly the orange-growers will have the cor
dial assistance of all officials having authority in the
matter and of the people generally in. whatever they
undertake to save the State from a pest which would
injure one of its largest and most profitable indus
tries. V
PROSPECTS OF THE SHIPPING BILL.
WHILE there is just ground for dissatisfaction
that the merchant marine bill was not enacted
at this session of Congress, there is some con
solation in the reports from Washington that it has
been placed on the calendar of each House with a
favorable recommendation from the committee of the
Senate and of the House and will have early con
sideration at the coming session. The prospects are
therefore promising, and this Congress may yet have
the honor of enacting the law that will restore Amer
ican shipping to its former rank on the ocean and
relieve the country from the tribute it now pays to
foreign ship-owners for carrying its commerce.
It is not at all likely the bill will be forgotten dur
ing the summer. The pledge to enact legislation to
promote American shipping will have a prominent
place in the Republican platform of this year, as it has
in former years, and will be one of the issues of the
campaign. The people now understand the subject
better than ever. The need of a merchant marine to
carry our expanding and increasing commerce is more
imperative than ever. Candidates for Congress in
making the campaign of the fall will find everywhere
that from these needs there has grown up a sentiment
in favor of legislation designed to augment our ocean
.shipping which cannot be ignored.
In a recent interview on the subject Senator Frye
set forth in a brief space the argument for the bill.
He is quoted by the New York Sun as saying: "Few
of our people realize that three-quarters of all of our
exports go to Europe, and that two-thirds of our
entire foreign trade is with Europe. Our dependence
on foreign tonnage, especially British tonnage, em
phasizes the weakness and danger of our foreign
trade, so long as its chief commercial and maritime
rival is its largest carrier. * * * A rise in freights
accompanies the withdrawal of any considerable por
tion of the tonnage upon which we are dependent for
our foreign carrying, a situation much emphasized at
the present moment. There is another side to this
truth that is deserving of our thought, and it is that
the addition of a large amount of new tonnage is sure
correspondingly to reduce freights. The shipping
bill in providing for a large increase in tonnage thus
automatically provides for a reduction in oc^an
freights. Through this natural law the American
people will receive back in reduced freights much
more— fully three times as much, as I see it — than the
Government will pay out in aiding in the establish
ment of our shipping in the foreign trade."
Such, in a short space, is the argument for the bill.
That argument is now becoming generally under
stood. All the old-time objections to the measure
have been refuted over and over again. The Repub
lican pledge of i8q6 to. enact legislation to promote
American shipping remains as yet unfulfilled, but the
fulfillment is evidently not far off. Before another
winter passes we may expect to see it carried out by
the enactment of a law which will be gratifying to
every patriot.
THE HIGH FENCE ORDINANCE.
SAX FRANCISCO is to be congratulated upon
the vote of eleven to six by >jhich the Super
visors on Monday passed to print an ordinance
limiting fences used for advertising purposes to a
height not exceeding ten feet. When the measure
comes up for rmal acron it should be adopted unani
mously, for it is a marked step in the direction of
ridding the city of one of the most unsightly of pub
lic nuisances.
In the first section the ordinance declares it unlaw
ftd to erect in the city any fence of wood or other in
tlzmmable material exceeding ten feet in height above
the level of the sidewalk without the permit of the
Board of Public Works. The second section pro
vi ie* that no permit shall be granted for such fence
unless it be designed and maintained as a windbreak
cr as a means to protect the public from injury from
any building in the course of construction or repair.
The third section classifies any fence built or main
tained in violation of the law as a public nuisance,
which it is the duty of the Chief of Police, under the
direction of the Boaid of Public Works, to abate
forthwith; and the fourth section declares all fences
of ir.fiainmnble material exceeding ten feet in height
above the sidewalk subject to the supervision of the
Board oi Public Works, and requires them to be con
structed and maintained to the satisfaction of the
board.
The ordinance is not all that public interests re
quire, for advertising fences should have been ex
cluded from the principal business streets of the city
rltogether and limited to a height of ten feet else
where; but the pa??age of the measure will never
theless mark a notable public improvement. It will
be greeted, therefore, with general satisfaction, and
a cordial approval be given to the action of those
Supervisor? whose fidelity to public interests has been
shown by their votes in favor of it.
THE college woman is better fitted for wifehood and moth
erhood than other women because she knows more than
they do and has a clearer eye and sounder conscience.
Wisdom and sanity, bring the other virtues in their
tfai "The reddest lips that ever were kissed" pror ip- little hap
ninoss if their possessor offers nothing else.
The college woman has higher ideals of life and makes
ereater demands on manhood than the uncultured woman. As
a result^ may marry later or not marry at all. But surely
tbi« \* better than to be yoked unevenly.
The hlKher" u"ture gives resources for joy and action. It
givJs worth and dignity to unmarried life, but It takes away
nO TrVnrulSd O£ rman a i r s rla eSosed to many new dangers
V - :hl H h al O f^^a?er O m^hl^^e n Joo kn o°fTen caught .by passing
fa6 lTr^amoU^rJy%tncl^To m en that worthless books
flnd lt 1 iI 1 from d am t oS le th«n that the societies for the promotion
of "the hi-hest fooUshness" draw their membership.
Thl college woman is as vigorous in health, as devoted,
loyal and loving when she leaves the college as when she en
ler She knows a good deal better how to use her time than her
mother did.
David Starr Jordan
Epigrams from a recent contribution to Harper'3 Weekly by Professor Jordan.
She has some clear and critical sense of the relative valua
of different men and actions.
College life is not an unserving process, neither is it a course
of professional training. »
The college woman has the association of some of the
brightest, most devoted young women she will ever meet.
The college is not the only means of securing education.
But training and culture must be gained In some way if a
woman is to reach her best possibilities or to make herself at
tractive to the best of men. ,s
The idea is prevalent that the educated woman is spoiled
for humbler duties; that she will play the piano in the parlor
while her mother cooks in the kitchen. As to this I can only
say it is not the fact.
A variety of delusions which/real knowledge would dissipate,
and which now add unprecedented terrors to matrimony derive
their support from women who have leisure to read, but who
have never been trained to think.
Wherever the college girl may go her Interests will not be
bounded by the range of neighborhood gossip nor the interests
of the parish.
The victims of fraud and quackery are numbered among
women each year by the thousands. The college women fur
nish a very small part of this quota.
If a girl is fitted for a profession sh*» will distinctly feel a
"call" for its work. But this she must know, there is no gal
lantry In science or in art.
She will not gain success on any but the most exacting of
terms, the same terms on which a man might win the same
success.
Coffege Women Best Fitted for Motherhood.
WITH ringing class yells and Jolly
songs the class of '00 of the Girls'
High School made a pilgrimage
to the various departments of
their alma mater yesterday afternoon,
sent telegrams to the professors, had a
delightful luncheon in which the sub
graduates and the "specials" joined them
and concluded their day with a dance to
excellent music. It was "class day," as
the faculty put it. and the "jinks" as the
graduates preferred it. But whichever
way It was it was a jolly affair in which
a bunch of happy, pretty girls reveled to
their hearts' content.
At 12:30 o'clock the girls assembled at
the school looking their best in fetching
white shirt waists and washfabric skirts.
They formed in line and in double file
paid their last visit as pupils to the school
conservatory, Miss Hunt's science reclta-
tlon room. Mrs. Wilson's Greek and Latin
classroom. Miss Jewett's department of
mathemati6s, Mrs. Prag's history class
room. Miss Thompson's English room and
Mr. Goldstein's art room. In each class
room there were appropriate exercises
and although there was much laughter
here and there a tear was brushed away.
After the pilgrimage was completed the
school's special messenger delivered tele
grams to the various heads of the depart
ments. These messages were filled to the
brim with compliments to the instructors
and timely topical hits. Professor Franz
Goldstein was declared winner in the con
test for the Alameda Exposition of 2000
A. D.; Miss Wilson received word of her
appointment by the President to the high
post of American Consul to the Fiji Is
lands. The Secretary of the Interior sent
Mrs. Prag word that she was appointed
president of the newly established college
"for the preparing of prospective Sena
tors." Professor George Otis Mitchell
was informed that he had been chosen
president of the Western Union Telegraph
Company. Professor Brooks was com
plimented by Benjamin Ide Wheeler on
the proficiencies of the graduating class.
! Mies Jewett received a courteous demand
for the solving of an intricate probiam
and Miss Helen Thompson was asked to
take charge of a class in elocution. TKe
telegrams were an entirely new feature
of the Jinks and were voted a great suc
cess.
A lunch followed by dancing brought
the jinks to a close. The young ladies
who had charge of the affair were as fol
lows:
President. Mi«s Josephine Scavey; secretary.
Miss Freda Beyhauaen. Assistants— Miss Ethel
Bennett. Miss Emma Bursren, Miss Adelc Ca<
lleri. Miss Salda Dewltt. Miss Ull'.an Dow,
Miss Edith I>rlsooll, Miss Eugenia Hoey. Miss
Llllle Koch, Miss Ray Manasse. Miss Mary
Martenstetn, Mls3 Eva Xickelsbursr, Mis3 Jessie
Parks, Miss Florence Scaee.
The programme of exercises was as fol
lows:
Opening address. Miss Josephine Seavey:
class gong, class of 'CO: recitation. Miss Eleanor
Haber; valedictory. Miss Florence Seajre. Pil
grimage farewells. Science. Miss Mary Marten
stein; classics. Misa. Marion Burners: mathe
matics. Miss EdHh Alexander: history. Miss
Helen Boyer; English. Miss Josephine Hopkins;
drawing:. M1S3 Jessie Parks.
V ED N ESPAY JUNE 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRtCKELS, Proprietor.
' 'ddess All Communicaions to W. S. LEAKE, War.»2«r.
ITBLICATION OFFICE.. Mnrkrt nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Mittn 1SCS.
rOITOHIAl ROO711S SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Cnrrlerw. IS Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Term* 1>> Moll. Inolndlnc Postaffei
PAIX.Y CAI-I. C.ndcCnr Snn.la.v>. en- yar W-™
!>\'L.Y CALL. (Including Snr.iay). « months J.W
JiAiLY CALL, »lr.dudt:;c Sunday), J months »-a*
1>ML.Y r* »!.!«' Py SlSflf JJ'inth **~
H NI>AY CAU, Or.o Vf-ar * £
WJiRKLT CALL, One Tear "• x - w
AH paitmadpni are nnthorlr.ed to receive
fluUKt*rlptl<>n«.
Stmxle copies will be forwarded when requested.
O.VICLAMJ OFFICE "» Broadway
C GEORGE KR03NESS.
i'enarer Foretrr. Adverti-insr. V2rque*.*.e Bui'ding. Chicago.
<Lcns riit-tar.c* T*-:«-l lione "Central IG19.")
NEW TORK COHUESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTQN Heraid Squire
NEW TOnii HTCFRKSEXTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SV1TH 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO *CEW8 FTAXDS:
Ehexm-sn Hcate; P. O. N*ws Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TYaldcrf-Astrr'.a Hotel; A. Urer.tano. SI Unloa 8QU*rt;
Karnjr Hill Hotel. ' __
WASHINGTON ,D. C.j OFFICE Wellington Hcta
MORTON I. C3ANE. Correspondent.
BR 4^rH OfTiri:S-:5 Montrcmerr. corner of Clay, open
BHtn S:" 1 o'cl-ek. 3W Ha>*s. opon until 9:S0 o'clock. CS3
McAllister. o;)*n until S95 o'clock. €15 I.irkin. open until
*:5P o'clock. 1941 llirslon. open until JO o'clock. 2: f .l Market,
corner tMxte^ntli. ¦« J*>n ur.til * o'clock. ICSt Valencia, open
ttotil 8 o'clocU. I'-ft Eleventh, open until S o'clock. XW cor
tttr T*cnty-«?cond find Kentucky. cp*n ur.til 9 o'clock.
THE STATE ELECTIONS.
STATE elections during the summer and fall
preceding Presidential elections are not so im
portant now from a national point of view as
they were in former years when some of the larger
and more doubtful States held elections at that time.
They no longer afford a safe means of forecasting the
coming result of the Presidential vote, and for that
reason are not watched and studied with the intense
interest that used to be felt. Still they foreshadow the
future to some extent, and even where a Republican
or a Democratic victory is a foregone conclusion
something may be learned of the temper of the peo
ple by noting how the vote of the successful party
compares with its vote' in former years.
Oregon has led the way by giving, the Republicans
a victory that augurs well for the future. The resuit
of the contest was hardly regarded as doubtful at any
time, for while it has- a large independent vote the
State is normally Republican, and this year the inde
pendents are on the side of the administration.
There were some features, however, that made the
contest interesting. The Democratic, Populist and
Silver Republican fusion was arranged harmoniously
and well organized, and was able to poll the full
strength of the combination. On the other hani
there were some differences among the Republicans.
It was noted that Representatives Tongue and Moody
and Senator McBridc, whose successor is to be
elected by the new Legislature, voted for the Porto
Rjco bill, while Senator Simon, who is supposed to
be the leader of the Republican party in the State,
voted against it. Under such circumstances the
sweeping victory for the whole ticket on Monday is
one upon which Republicans may reflect with no little
gratification.
There remain to be held elections in North Caro
lina, August 2; Alabama, August 6; Arkansas, Sep
tember 3; Vermont. September 4: Maine, September
io: and Georgia, October 3. None of these can be
called doubtful State?, for although North Carolina
has now .1 Republican Governor and one of its Sena
tors is Republican and the other a Populist, it is not
considered likely that the fusion which carried them
into ofiice can be successful again, and the State is
fairly certain to return to the Democratic fold. The
only thing that renders such a result in the least un
certain is the growing strength of manufacturing and
business interests, which have developed a wide
spread sentiment in favor of the Republican policies
of protection and sound money among former Demo
crats, and may cause a good many of them to refuse
to vote with the Bryanites even in a State election.
Taking all things into consideration, the Oregon
vote may be regarded the best basis for calculations as
to the Presidential vote that will be given. It shows
that while there are differences of opinion among
Republicans upon some of the important issues now
before the country, yet the voters prefer to intrust
the settlement of those issues to the Republican party
rather than to the Democrats.
GIRL GRADUATES SHAKE A
DA-DA TO THEIR STUDIES
THE FOUNDERS Of REPUBLICANISM.
ONE of the happy thoughts of the committee in
charge of the Republican National Convention
was tjiat of inviting the survivors of the first
national 'gathering of Republicans to meet with the
convention at Philadelphia. So far as is known, only
fourteen of the stalwart men who laid the founda
tions of the party are still among the living. The
others who fought the good fight and kept the faith
of the declaration of independence and maintained
the cause of freedom have passed away. Small, how
ever, as is the band of survivors, it will be a con
spicuous group in the great hall/ and be honored with
all the veneration due to illustrious old age.
In the invitations the committee points out to the
veterans the mighty changes which time and the up
ward trend of popular sentiment and the increase of
population have made in the strength of the party they,
formded. The committee says: "Nearly half a cen
tury has elapsed since you participated in laying the
foundation of the Republican party. You have wit
nessed its magnificent growth from a popular vote
of 1,341,264 and 114 electoral votes cast for Fremont
in 1856 to a popular vote of 7,104,779 and 271 electoral,
votes for McKinley in 1896, and therefore the Repub
licans of to-day, profoundly appreciating the work of
yourself and other pioneers of our party, will feel
honored by your distinguished presence, and we as
sure you a most cordial welcome."
Never was there a political gathering in the United
States whose members are more deserving of the
honor of the people than that which formed the Re
publican party in 1856. To attend that convention
required courage pi no mean order. The conservatism
of the country was on the side of slavery, and while
the Whigs were perhaps not so subservient to the
slave power as were the Democrats, they were never
theless very far from favoring any aggressive action
tending toward its overthrow. The men who founded
the Republican party, notwithstanding the moderation
of their speeches and the strictly constitutional nature
of the planks of their platform, were denounced as
abolitionists and incendiaries. It was said they de
sired to break up the Union. They had to face all
manner of obloquy, and none but strong men as well
as sincere men dared to face the antagonism of the
time and take part in the formation of a party devoted
to humanity and pledged to the principle that so long
as'lavery existed in the United States it should exist
as a sectional institution only, and that freedom
should be national.
A glorious future awaited the party founded by such
resolute and far-seeing men. The hour of their tri
umph soon came. Because of their triumph the
slave-holders sought to destroy the Union, but under
the guidance of the first Republican President the war
was fought to a conclusion that abolished slavery,
saved the Union, increased the prestige of the nation
throughout the world, and then the Republican party
adopted those wise measures of reconstruction that
have made a united people, and gave to the. republic
throughout all its wide domain a harmony of senti
ment never known before.
With such a glorious history the party may well
give honor to the founders who laid its foundations
on principles so broad and so strong that to this day
there has been no occasion to change or add to them.
In its principles the party remains as the founders
made it, and the survivors of the first convention who
are able to be at the Philadelphia conve/ition will find
themselves surrounded by a new generation, but
greeted with the same spirit of devotion to the wel
fare of the Union and to human freedom which ani
mated the gathering of 1856.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY,? JUNE 6, 1900.
Class Day Officers.
6
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Loudorbsfk— Thursday. June 7, at 2 o'clock,
Turkish Rups, at ritflW Geary and Stockton Etreets.
Special information supplied dally t->
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 MonU
Eomery street. Telephone Main IMS. *
Now ready. July styles Standard pat-
terns. Domestic ofiice, 1021 Market at. •
CaL glacft fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
A ! .-a:*r— ' 'Eajlic."
» r;*h<?U!r.— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "When We Werp Twenty-one."
I'aUXorsia— **A Uac Baby."
•j ivou— "The Thrw Guardsmen."
< lym; .a. sorner Mason »n<i K'3<:y streets— Soeclaltles.
CbStta. /.^ an-1 'i'h^iter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
KiKchcr>— "Aida" and •'Mier.on."
£utro Datht— Cpen ntshts.Dr. Cohen Sues for Salary.
Isadore E. Cohen has sued for a writ of
mandate to compel Auditor Wells to ap
prove his demand on the treasury for
$300. which he alleges is due him for «er
vicea rendered aa Quarantine officer in
1599.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Nellie Anderson from J. M. Ander
son on the ground of Infidelity. Anton!
Bartnikowski from Maryanna Bartnikow
ski for desertion, Ella L. Butler from J.
Clifton Butler for desertion and William
J. Fieber from Mary E. Fleber for cruelty.
Mrs. Fieber was awarded the temporary
custody of her children ami ?:¦." a month
alimony until further order of court. Maud
W. Cole has sued Willoughby Cole 1 for a
divorce, alleging failure to provide ag
cause of action. Ella Edna has sued for
a divorce from L. Lester Edna &n the
same ground. :
To Aid Famine Fund.
A lecture on the "Immortality o f the
Soul" -will be delivered to-night at Metro
politan Temple by Dr. M. Israel Pryce of
the London Society of Psychical Research.
He will be assisted, by Miss C. Erskine
(contralto*, Maurice Rose (violinist) and
A. O. Eckman. who will contribute some
organ numbers. Mr. Pryce has offered
half of the proceeds of the lecture and
entertainment to the Indian famine relief
fund, and it is hoped that there will be a
large audience. The Psychical Research
Society, of which Mr. Pryce is a represen
tative, has attracted ¦world-wide attention
to itself by Its famous reports of Investi
gations, and It is understood that Mr.
I'ryce will have something unique to sav
on "his always interesting subject, the lm*
mortality of the soul.
vessels of the fleet were at Unalaska and
Dutch Harbor, waiting «for the ice to
break up and leave the entrance to Ber
ing Sea open. Captain Higglns has been
trading in Alaska for years, and he thinks
it will be the latter part of June before
Cape Nome is reached by the gold hunt
ers. . •
The Newsboy took away about sixty
passengers. forty horses and all the cargo
she could carry. Among those who went
away in the cabin were Burnett G. Has
kell. who intends opening a law office at
Nome: Mr. and Mrs. Beach,, Sam Reln
hardt, E. Crandall, R. TIernan T P
Cleary. A. L. Fontana. J. Robarts, D.
Carr, J. Greer. J. L. Chase, M. Carlln, J.
E. George and E. H. Hansen. Mr. Beach
is the well-known horseman, while Mr.
Hansen was once of the now defunct
house of AV right, Bowne & Co.
Naval Reserve Inspection.
There will be a general muster and In
spection on board the United States naval
reserve steamer Marion next Sunday
morning." The inspecting officers will be
Captain Glass of the training ship Pensa
cola and General Dickinson of the Na
tional Guard. Every member of the re
serve has instructions to be aboard the
Marlon not later than 9:30 a. rn., and
everybody has to appear In uniform-* by 10
n. m. The general muster will take place
at 10:20 a. m.
Water Front Notes.
Lieutenant- W. F. Burke is now execu
tive officer of the Marlon. He succeeds
Lieutenant T. :E. Nerney. who will take a
vacation. Lieutenant Burke's promotion
is very gratifying to the men. as he is one
of the most painstaking officers in the
battalion. Navigating Officer T. M. Shaw
has reported for duty from San Diego and
will be at his post on the Marlon next
Sunday.
The work of dredging the broken rock
away from the place where Barrel or
Shag Rock, formerly Ptood is proceeding
rapidly. The contractors flni no difficulty
In removing the debris, and in a short
time expect to have five feet more water
on the spot tnan the contract calls for.
The Hongkong Maru brings- the news
that the United States transport Logan
left Honolulu for Manila on May 27, and
the Flintshire followed her the next day.
The Westminster arrived at Manila on the
4th Inst.: and the Lennox sailed from
Manila for San Francisco on May 21.
The steamer Mariposa was re easei from !
quarantine last night. She will discharge!
her sugar at. the refinery • and will be
coaled there, after which there will be a
rush to get her Australian freight aboard
In order to get her away with the mails
on the 13th Inst. ,
A young woman who gave her name as
Grace Farrow,:and her residence as 269 "
Thirteenth street .was tatien to the Harbor
Hospital by Officer Charles Callahan yes
terday; morning.* As she seemed to be
mentally incompetent she was sent to the
insanity ward at the Central Station by
Dr. von der Leith. •
The Toyo Klsen Kaisha's steamer
Hongkong Mara arrived from the Orient
yesterday. She brought a number of
passengers and a small quantity of
freight from Honolulu, but is the last of
the fleet that will do so. The Nippon
Maru and, America Maru and the Occi
dental and Oriental Company's Coptic,
Doric and Gaelic .will 'call at Honolulu aa
usual to land freight and passengers, but
they will not be allowed to bring anything
from the Islands to San Francisco now
that Hawaii is an integral part of the
Union.
The Hongkong Maru made the run from
Honolulu in six days and three hours.
She was detained in quarantine for a
short, time, and it was noon before she
docked in consequence. She brought. up
57 cabin and 29 second cabin passengers
and 230 Chinese and SO Japunese in the
steerage. Among her cargo were ten
packages of treasure, valueu at $&>u,0Ou.
The cabin passengers on the Hongkong
Maru were: Mrs. K. M. Baruer. Miss H.
M Benedict, K. Bunso, "\V. 1\ Burwell,
\V. L. Curtis and wife, Miss b'i Forster,
N Kowogi, J. D. -Ludwig, Miss C. Kk'ke,
Miss C. ltieke, K. M. Mathals. J. J. Mea
kln YV F. Mitchell/ wife and- child,- R. H.
Moflevi H. Motodo, Mrs. IX Olden. X. O.
Kazaki, H. S. T. Tittle. K. Tange, H.
AVada, Chow Chok, " Wan - Chow, Tszo
Wai J. 0. Kada, J. F. Martin, S. Water
house, Mrs. A. A. Waterhouse. G. ' E.
Frisbie, G. W. Trimble, A. HockwelL T.
KicnarUs and wife, K. Ryeroft. D. Mac
lean, wife and child. John Hackett. S. M.
Liliie an'd wife, T. \V. Maciariane, Mrs.
Macfaiiane, Walter Macfarlane, H. T.
Marsh Mrs. S. Waterhouse. A.-H. Castle,
Mrs K. H.- Strong, L.. H. Wolf, D. A.
Scribner, Mrs. J. B. Watson, Mrs. !_..
Berndt, Mrs. J. B. Ludwigsen and two
children, A. B. Krannan and Mr. Mc-
Messrs. Motodo. Kada and Kazaki are
delegates from the Department of Agri
culture in Japan to the Paris Exposition.
The Gaelic sails to-rtav for. the Orient
via Honolulu. F. W. Dohrmann and wife
will" be- passengers; for theislands, while
David Starr 'Jordan will -be. among: those,
bound for Japan. Tho'Gaelirt is the last
vessel of the foreign fleet that will carry
passengers and freight from San Fran
cisco to Honolulu. "';-;,-'
X»ast'\'of the Nome Fleet.
The steamer Newsboy got - away for
Cape Nome -last night. She Is the last
of the fleet to leave, but Captain Higgins
Is to have his passengers ; in Anvil City
just as soon as will the first steamer that
sot away. From last- advices- the first
Last of the Foreign Fleet in the China
¦ Trade That Will Bring Passen
gers and Freight Prom
Honolulu.
Toyri Risen Kaisha's Hong
kong Mam Arrives From
the Orient.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Board of Examination Files Its Semi-
Monthly Report on Teachers'
Credentials.
The Board of Examination will file Its
report with th^Board of Education at
this morning's meeting and a number of
renewals of teachers* certificates will be
recommended as follows:
High school— Joseph L. Crittenden,
I-owell. . '
Grammar school— Mrs. Mildred I,. Calu
ricn, Mrs. Blanche YVertheimer, Elsie Kar
maugnan, Lydla E. Grape. American Can
yon, Solano County; Mrs. A. H. Lyons
bherman Grammar; P. M. Nolan. Wash
ington Evening: Adeline -E. Frisby. rec
ommended to life diploma. State Board;
Mrs. Fannie M. Edwards, Irving Scott
Josephine Liszlnsky, Fairmount.
Primary— Sarah Komsky and Mrs. M C
Barry. John Swett School. -
RECOMMEND RENEWAL
OF CERTIFICATES
Eureka Valley and Park Lane Tract
Improvement Club Enters a
Protest.
In addition to the many Improvement
clubs and similar civic organizations in
this city which have registered their op
position to Maguire's proposed 2\i cent
carfare ordinance- comes the Eureka
Valley and Park Lane Tract Improve
ment Club with a protest. This associa
tion, in "addition to the passage of a
condemnatory set of resolutions went
one better and tiled with the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors its objections in
the following letter:
SAN FRAXCISCO. May 21, 1300.'
The Honorable Board of Supervisors. San
Francisco— Gentlemen: The Eureka Valley and
Park Lane Tract Improvement Club, after look
ing: over Its district, cannot flnd a worklnpman
of any* kind who objects to payine 5 cents per
car ride, and all seem to think the :%-eent fare
proposition only a political scheme to lower the
fare of street cars. We also believe that by
lowering the fares we would receive a very
poor street car service and that the employes"
shins on them by being overworked and less
paid.
We ore not rwlltlcal aspirants nor railroad
tools, but,V>n the contrary, we are all property
owners ana taxpayers and believe in justice to
all. We hoi>e you will throw that petition to
lower the fares out of your way— in the waste
basket or some other good place. Trusting you
will defeat the proposition, we remain Yours
very truly, «
EUREKA VAIXKY AND PARK LANE
TRACT IMPROVEMENT CLUB (Per R. A.
Daniels, President).
By a vote of the club.
The following letter Is self-explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO. June 4. 1900.
William Clayton Esq.. secretary S. F. and S.
M. E. Railway Co.— Dear Sir: Replyinj: to
your letter of the 1st lnst. regarding reduction
of street car fare?, the Holly Park and Mission
street Improvement Club at the last meeting
unanimously determined to protest against Su
pervisor Maguire's proposed ordinance reducing
car fares. "
It was agreed tliat If this ordinance was put
into effect It would lead to the withdrawal of
the present transfer system, which is one of
the best the community could have, and against
the large number of employes on that service.
Yours resD-<-tfully. H. E. WIXKLER.
PRONOUNCED OPPOSITION
TO CARFARE REDUCTION
written; then, in the decade between 1S30
and 1S40. literature rose again. Carlyle.
Newman. Thackeray and Dickens, as well
as Tennyson and Browning, all made their
first appearance before the English public
in these ten years. Literature thus rose
In a two-fold glory, of poetry and prose—
and. Indeed, of the two. prose—fiction and
essay — is perhaps the more significant art
form of the modern world. It has at least
advanced through modern times stop by
step with poetry, and has reached an
amplitude and expressiveness never
known before. The life of modern poetry
is vigorous and notable, but it does not
shine with a radiance that almost obliter
ates all else, as it did in the days of Spen
ser and Shakespeare, or in the days of
Wordsworth and Shelley. The great names
of the Victorian period, leaving out the
novelists, are Carlyle, Newman. RusKtn,
quite as much as Tennyson and Browning,
and Clough and Rossetti; they are also
rames of men equally at home in either
form of expression, like Matthew Arnold
and William Morris.
But it is cause for gratitude that we
should have had a groat poetry at all in
the Victorian period. For poetry belongs
to the ages of faith and enthusiasm, and
JOHN RUSKIN.
ours has seemed to many people an age
of doubt and cautious experiment. Poetry
rings the clarion note of joy in life, and
too often it has seemed as if pessimism
antfc weariness were Invading the modern
world. Poetry is nourished by the unseen
forces of emotion and aspiration, and our
practical age has fceen eager above all in
the discovery and application of the me
chanical forces of physical nature. Science
rather than imagination has ruled the
day. Ar.d yet we have needed poets, and
they have arisen— no one poet, perhaps,
like Milton In the seventeenth century or
Dante in the fourteenth, but real and
•Teat poets who will not die. Surely this
means that humanity has not become less
sensitive to the spiritual universe as con
trol over the lorces of the physical uni
verse widens and deepens.
Tennyson and Browning are doubtless
the greatest poets of the Victorian era.
They began to write first; they kept on
longest; their work had more volume,
more variety in Us beauty, more express
iveness... than that of any other men.
Their first books struck quite new notes.
Can we say that now of any one among
the young poets who are asking our at
tention year bv year?
Tennyson's first volume came out in 1S33.
The poems in It bore the mark of youth,
but already they showed that fairy fineness
of ear which was to characterize him to
the end. Several of them expressed the
mood of inward brooding which has so
belonged to our century. In all. the poet
reached that final test of a poet's genuine
ness a melody wholly individual. In the
same year appeared Browning's "Pauline."
and it was an achievement yet more sig
nificant, for it handled a new method at&
achieved a new end— the close self -reveia.-
far as his home, where he would pro
duce the licenses.
Strategy saved the poundmen from com
plete humiliation. Hickman marched the
municipal outfit down Stanyan street to
Page, where Deputy Welch requested per
mission to get an unlicensed cur that he
said was being held for him. He broke
faith with his captor as soon as he was
out of sight and slipped across the park
to the police station, where he notified
Officer Bonner of the hold-up. Bonner
quickly disarmed the man behind the
shotgun and arrested him. Not until then
did the deputies breathe freely again and
the rush of fresh air into their lungs
nearly produced a congestion. Hickman
was released on bail a little later and soon
appeared at the public potuid for his dogs.
As he took them away he explained that
he was a pigeon shot of no little note and
could wing eleven out of twelve birds at
the traps. He also imparted the cheerful
information that If the policeman had not
arrived so soon and there had been any
more fooling he would have winged a dog
taker or two.
and in a minute two of the pets were
netted and dumped into the pound wagon.
The third escaped. At that point Hick
man rode up on a bicycle and demanded
that his pups be liberated, stating that
he had licensr? for all three. He was told
to go to the pound and recover his prop
erty, as provided by law. The driver of
the wagon headed for a roadside estab
lishment to telephone to headquarters
and the bicyclist hastened down the
street. He went, but to return.
In a few minutes he came back looking
like a member of a military bicycle corps.
Over his shoulder was a big shotgun,
which he examined and then brought to
bear upon the official clop catchers. As
they gazed into the open, expressive coun
tenance of the firearm every one of the
deputies wished that he could change
places with the meanest cur in the cov
ered wagon. Hickman informed the depu
ties that he had come for the dogs and
contemplated making no failure of the
expedition. The panhandle Bart was will
ing, however, to compromise a little by
agreeing to accompany his captives as
*"X ff H. HICKMAN of 1757 Page street
P^ has earned for himself the title
11 )] o " IJlack Bart of the Panhandle"
by holding up with a loaded shot
gun the municipal vehicle which conveys
stray dogs to the pound. Hickman es
chewed the vulgar mask and hence can
be easily identified when his case comes
up in the Police Court, charges of threats
to kill and assault with a deadly weapon
having been made against him. The man's
troubles were caused by his love for a
pair of fox terriers which three of the
Poundmasters' deputies had captured
while the dogs were running at large
without tags.
About 7 o'clock Deputies Pat Hughes,
Harry Danz and John Welch discovered
Hickman's three terriers frisking about
near the Stanyan-street entrance to the
park. None of the animals wore the brass
permit to wander from its own fireside,
The Man Behind the Gun Eraphaszes His Demands With Dire Threats.
ALFRED TENNYSON
men spiritual pantheism of Wordsworth
and Shelley, powerfully drawn toward
Christianity, yet unabie either to accept
or to reject it. these poets sung in a
piercing elegiac strain the sorrows, the
consolations, the resolutions of the ir.ner
'The sea of faith
Was once, too, at the full, and round earth's
shore
Lay like the folds of a bright glrdte curled;
But; now I only hear
Its melancholy, long, withdrawing roar.
Retreating; to the breath
Of the night wtnd. clown the vast edges drear
And naked shir.jrles of the world."
So wrote Arnold, with mournful elo
ouence and polished art. In his "Dover
Beach.' and Clough echoed the plaint In
lines pulsing with perhaps more entirely
sincere passion, if less perfectly and.
felicitously phrased:
"Eat. drink and die, for we are souls bereaved:
Of all the creatures und»r heaven's high cope."
W« are most hopeless who had once most hope.
And moat beliefHeas who had once believed."
They arose, these poets of the de3ire3
and regrets of the spirit; but their day
was not lons, though they left verse that
for certain thoughtful, wistful people will
never lose iss power. Clough died in J'>a
a little later and Arnold had turned away
from poetry, sinking as his swan song
his beautiful "Thyrsis," an elegy on his
friend, and had devoted himself to his
illuminating work as a critic in prose.
Tennyson and Browning had been before
the public for fifteen years when these
poets began to write; their poetic expres
sion continued for nearly thirty years
longer. •
About the time when Arnold and Clough
fell on silence there made itself heard la
our poetic literature a new cry— the cry
for beauty. Evolutionary science, with
its passion for investigation; the democ
racy, with its enthusiasm for averages.
were in full swing; hut there arose a pro
test not to be subd;fed. a protest that as
serted as the rightful attitude wonder
rather than investigation, and devoted it
self to the quest of the rare, the strange,
the lovely, rather than to the analysis of
the commonplace.
.The prose writings of Ruskln, widely
read since the early forties, had done
much to stimulate this mood; much, too,
had been done by the pre-Raphaelite
movement in painting; more still, perhaps.
v.-as due to the strong, inevitable reaction
from the ugliness and vulgarity which
since the Introduction of machine manu
facture had been submerging England.
Rossetti, Morris, Swinburne, were the
three poets who dedicated themselves to
this movement for the revival of beauty —
knights of the romantic temper we well
might call them. Two of them, Rossetti
and Morris, expressed their feeling
through visible art as well as through
verse. Rossetti through strange, troub
ling pictures: Morris through varied de
lightful experiments in the decorative
arts. The lovely poems of all three,
charged as they were with color and pas
sion, formed a welcome interlude indeed
in oiur age of prose. Yet they were ex
otics rather than natural growths. Such
poems as Roj<setti's "Rose Mary," Swin
b'irne'9 "Atalarta in Calydon" or Morris'
"Earthly Paradise" could express only a
few of the manifold cravings of modern
I life, and these not probably the moat sig
nificant. This school, too, soon waned
By ISSO Rossetti wrote no more; Morri3
I was turned socialist, and no longer "the
I idle dreamer of an empty day," but a vig
orous, practical reformer, was trying to
recreate thH actual world In an image of
beauty. Swinburne, indeed, still lives, yet
it is fair to say that, after comparative
youth, he found no new note to strike;
his poetry simply repeated a familiar mu
sic, and since he ¦was poet rather by virtue
of melody than of noble thought or pas
sion, his day of real power was brief.
Still, side by side, the two stronger spir
its held on their way. Novelists, essay
ists, as well as poets, appeared and van
ished. Ruskln and Arnold replaced Car
lyle and Newman as leaders, and their
power in turn wa3 in the late eighties
passing to its decline. It was not till 13&3
that Browning died; in 1592 Tennyson's
spirit "crossed the bar" of Time. 'Within,
the last ten years only have we been,
able to look at their work as a whole, to
"discern, compare and judge at last" their
power and their message.
Note — This study will be concluded to
morrow.
With a Loaded Shotgun He Endeavors to Rescue Two
Terriers Captured by Minrons of the Law and I
Is Himself Taken. £
Bookmakers and pool sellers of San
Francisco have joined together in an ef
fort to enjoin the police from closing their
various establishments. Actions praying
for permanent injunctions to restrain
Chief Sullivan from executing his threat
to close their establishments were filed
yesterday by Harry E. Corbett, Daniel J.
Crowley. Henry Schwartz and Zick
Abrams.
In their petitions for injunctions the
pln'.ntiffs f^et forth that they are now In
the quiet and peaceable possession of
businesses known as poolselling and book
making, which businesses yield their re
spective owners more than $3000 a year.
All confess that poolselling and bookmak
ing are their only vocations and their only
sources of livelihood.
Chief of Police Sullivan, they say, con
tends that their vocations are unlawful
and threatens to close them out and con
fiscate their property.
In conclusion trie petitioners, after as»
serting that the business of poolselling
and bookmaking is not unlawful, pray for
the issuance of a permanent injunction.
A Quartet Brings Action to
Enjoin Confiscation of •
Property.
BOOKMAKERS ARE
MUCH SCARED BY
POLICE THREATS
CITIZEN HICKMAN DARINGLY
HOLDS UP THE POUND WAGON
XXIV. THE AGE OF TENNYSON
AND BROWNING.
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
The age of Tennyson and Browning is
practically the Victorian age of English
literature. To name a period from a sov
ereign may seem arbitrary and foolish,
but it is often convenient, and in this case
it has really some significance. »The work
of Tennyson and Browning begins only a
few years before the accession of the
Queen, and its whole sweep and power is
included within the fifty years from 1S10
to 1S90.
The Victorian period, however, is quite
distinct in character from the period that
went before; separated from it by a com
plete change in spirit and the emergence
of a new set of controlling ideas. From
the time of the French revolution, at the
end of the eighteenth century, to the
deaths of Keats, Shelley and Byron, which
happened between 1520 and 1S23, English
poetry had soared and sung like Shelley's
skylark — in the free heaven of idealism.
Prose had been vigorous during these
great thirty years, but quite subordinate
to poetry. The day was to the dreamer of
dreams and seers of visions— and what vis
ions they were that Shelley and Keats be
held!
When the music of these wonderful singr
ers had ceased there followed a short lull,
in which nothing of. great interest was
i ucn of character through the dramatic
i monologue. From this time the two great
poets continued to produce for upward o£
fifty years. Si far as art-forms went,
their d€.-velopment was in curious contrast.
I Browning besan with drama; soon dis
i carded it as a formal, artistic method.
! passed through a brilliant series of dra
matic monologues to that unique epic
which marks the high water of his
; achievement. '"The Ring and tP.e Book":
i theft; during his later years, produced a
| number of narrative noems. more or less
! ironic in character: while his old age was
| finally marked by a revival of lyrical pas
sion and power. Tennyson's development
almost reversed this order. He. too. at
tempted the drama, but late in life and
without striking success. His early years
were given to lyric and narrative, and his
¦work culminated in that profound revela
tion of the sufferings and aspirations of
i his own spirit, his "In Memoriam." De
spite the divers experiments made by each
we may safely say that the genius of
Browning was primarily and permanently
dramatic, for even his lyrics and narra
tives are suffused by dramatic instincts,
while the work of Tennyson just as clear
ly is lyrical in its Inmost impulse.
While the great masters wrote other
poets rose and fell. Between laoO and ISO)
appeared those thoughtful poets of the
| inr.er life. Matthew Arnold and Arthur
Hugh Clough. They represent the mood
of a period deeply affected by the tracta
rian movement and by the widespread
religious unrest that was affecting th«»
nation. Dissatisfied with the vague if
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C&LL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900;
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 4 NIGHTS AND I MATTNEES.
TO-DAV special
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
ti. C MAXINE
GOODWIN " ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest Success,
"WHEN WE WEREJWENTY-OliE"
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
For a Limited Number of Performances Only,
KELLAR
The Great Magician.
BEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY. "WEDNESDAY. June 6.
_ Parquet. r5c. any eeat^ balcony, 10c; children.
Y2XBETILLE AT ITS EIQ3EST PERFECTION.
JOE HARTS VAUDEVILLE CO.
and Orpheum Stars.
JCE HAKT AX!) CARRIE DE MAR
In "A CLOSE CALL."
FLEfRETTE and FRANK GARDINER. MR.
and MRS. JIMMIE BARKY: MISS LIL-
L1A.V UfHKHAKT and CO..
PujtliUnc * HKR SOL.niER BOT."
i.!>D TWEKTT GREAT STAE3 IN THE BEST
BILL OF TEI EEABOIT.
"Just a Litth Eit Off the Top"
SECOND AND~LAST WEEK
Of the R.-?r.antic Ccraie Opera.
THREEbUflnUdmtN!
Everinffs at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
CPJ-Y*I4I EE*rPEAHAN''E XEXT MOX-
. ILWML- L>AY OK EDWIN STEVENS j
.*. V "I> ANNA LICHTF.R. IN "MADELELNE, •'
OH THE V.AG1C KIS?."
PC PULAR PRICE-?~2cc and 53c. j
Telephone Hugh 9. j
k SMILE'. GRIN 1 . LAUGH! ROAR'.
ine & Rylsy's ALL-STAR CAST,
MATTMEWs AND BULGER,
MARY MARDLE.
WALTER JONES.
HACDB COURT.VET
*»Jd Thirty Others. i > r«w-iiting HOTTS
"A RAG BABY"
MATIXES TO-MOKROV.*. THURSDAY, at
AND BATtmDAY AFTERNOON.
Next Sundar Night-Hoyt's "A TIN SOI*- ;
PIER."
il THE HIT.oFtHE YEAR!"
EVERY NIGHT AT S:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Spectacular Production of
SEATS EIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
OLYMPIA e'SSWI-i-
THE ONLY FREK VAUDEVILLE SHOW" IN"
THE CITY.
TlTigzg*ment Extraordinary.
TRIXEDA,
The Talented and the Beautiful.
HA/tnr holmes.
And Hl« •tcni'rfiil Dos. "DASDT."
MABEL LB CLAIR.
Operatic Soprano.
Aaa Our Celebrated Stock Company.
MATINEE EVERY BLTCDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FUIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES AND ZOO/SF&ffir
GREA? VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
BLADDbB CONTEST ON THE LAKE
Electric Founta'n at Ni?hM
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS'
Order Heats by Phone — Park 23^
riCPHPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
GltEAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. AHItAMOFF. in Acts From
"AIDA" and "MIGNON."
MIES MARTINI, TYROLEAN SINGER.
Reserved Seat*. Zic. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OrEN NIGHTS.
Oiwn CxWy trvrn 7 a. m. to II p. in.
Bathin? from 7 a. m. tc 10 n. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
f.Tirt.lT:g:. including: admission. Tic; children. 20c.
nnnCiUDC for nAum-Rs. bak-
fciH llSliEdtJ - ri - bcotbiaeku, bath.
WllUWllW hcum billiard tablea.
brewer* bookbln<J«r». candy-rnnker». cann-n.
, iye^. Sourmll!*. foundrle.. laundrie. pap«r-
' hin^«. printer,, painter*. .ho« factorle.. at*.
s blemer.. Ur-roofcn. tannert. tttlora. etc
tSUCHA.*A< BkOS M
tJiuih Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento S* ,
Little-aMbe-Time Payments,
A Etltch in Time Saves Xine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect our
terms and prices berore purchasing else-
where.
Every step a. money saver.
Call and examine our large and e!e-
ear.t rtock.
Estimates on complete house furnlsh-
ing cheerfully given.
Free Delivery Within 100 Miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Open Evening*. Near Powell.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES (5i&\
js^ REQUiREDJPy
Our removable brldce work is beautiful and
Ourubl-. Warranted 10 years.
ur $5 00 Plates :
/|fiS|»S*^*%p|£S7& Our method for
«5«5^£f a£5^J?^8«r palo'ess extrcctlncj
ffS&i.r ' •'!' h: ¦¦- r 'i&3& Is paterjted and
\^jftlj|j[Jjyrf^ dentist on t!be Pa-
PIUCE LIST for 33 Days:
Painless Kxtractlon "Tic
Removable Bridcfwcrk 9:t.OO :
Crown* S2.OO to «T».OO
I'ure Gold Fillings $l.O0 ;
Amaljram 5Oe
Gold ami Platina ?1.O(>
Silver Flllinc ~. 5O<?
j!n>. Dr. R. L. 'Walsh will attend to the
cMldren's treth— painlessly.
OR. *R. !-• VVflLSH,
$l»*t GEARY" ST., between Hyde and Larkln.
Otfice Hour*— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to \— Telephone polk 1135.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and 5UPPLIE5.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS !
m/nf\t'll Were successful at Nome last !
KKSHjil >»r. All ctliTi f«i;^d. In opera- I
1X1 *. lien dally. •> Stevenson st..-S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
liriAvflM Gold dreJgine pumps, the only
JALK 3llfl successful ¦ pump manufactured.
dMvu^ui' ezi suth gt _ Kan Francisco.
" COLD SAVER.
Don't rush off to Nome with a toy gold ma-
/•Mne* examine the Common-sense Gold Saver.
JOHN M. MOONKY. 621 Kilzabeth St.: Ca«-
tro-st. cars. < \ - ' -'-
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
M4WW, Oakland, or Builder.- Ex.. S. F.
Some of the most obstinate cases
cf years standing that have not
been benefited by any other rem-
edy have been quickly and perma-
nently cured by taking KL.ECTRO-
ZONE— the most effectual of all
remedies.
Bad A finest Given Up Hope
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. May 1, 1S?9
EI>ECTROZOXE MFG. CO. — Sir?:
Afi«»r years of suffering with a wren
cas» of rheumatism and stomach trouble
'¦an now state with pleasure that I am
almost completely cur<?«1. When I com-
menced taklnc Kloctrozone my half's
an<" Hmt3 were swollen in a terrible
marnfr. I was unable to open or close
my hands, to walk, sit divvn or pet ud
vithcut assistance. During the last ten
years I have g^ent over one thousand
dollars <$1V;1) in trying doctors ami
various medicines for relief, but v.ith no
permanent results. Alter taking two
littles of Eleetrozcne t»eean to improye,
and now- after the fourth ncte that my
finmach Is In better condition than fur
icany years. The yweiiine and pain
have entirely ilisarrwarcj from my
hands and limb?. Can walk without
assis-tance of any nature and know I
cha!l soon be as well as <>ver. Am now
in my sixtieth year, thirty-sin of which
have been an Odd JP.Mlow on this coast,
beine a charter member of a led^" in
fan Francisco, where I was en'.rloyed
for twenty years by K. J. Baldwin as
the upholFterer of the TJa!dwln Hotel,
an.1 charter member of' the Odd Fellcws*
lodge at Monrovia, l»s Angeles County.
I cannot rraise E!ectrozone enoueh for
what It has already done for me. neither
can I express in words my «rrat!fiea!lon
to you for vnur truly wonderful ..ledi-
cine. Respectfully, J. B. NICHOLS.
At DruprRistP, SI Bottle.
Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. S. F.
Positively
Can Be Cured.
ADVEBTISEHEENTS.
Breslau has a paper chimney fifty feet
high and perfectly nre-proof.
Concerning a Irletliod of Curing Dys-
pepsia and Stomach Troubles.
DjFprpFia and indigestion are consid-
ered incurable by many people who do not
r^a.ise the advance made In modern medl-
ral science. nn d because by the old
m- "iods and remedies a cure was rarely
:f over obtained.
r»y. c popsia is now cured as readily n.%
acy other disease.
What the dyspeptic wants is "abundant
nutrition, which means plenty of good,
wholesome, well-cooked food, and Fome-
liir.g to assist the weak stomach to Ji-
rest It. This is exactly the purpose for
v.hic. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
adapted and this is the raetlicd by which
they cure the worst eases of <ly?pepsla. in
other word? th^ patient eats plenty of
v'aolesorr.o food and Bteart's Dyspepsia
Tablets direst it for him. In this way
the FV5tem is nourished and the over-
worked stomsch rested, because the tab-
lets wl.l digest the food whether the Ptorn-
ach works <>r not. One of the«e tablets
will digest "T.W grains of meat or eggs.
Your druggist will tell you that Steu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets is a remedy sold
on its merits, an^l is the purest, safest ar.-l
cheapest remedy sold for stomach
troubles, and every trial makes one mere,
friend for this excellent preparation.
_ ADVEBTISESTENTS,
TRUTHS EASILY DIGESTED.
Platt's Chlorides Instantly Disinfects
neutralizes all disease-breeding matter. •June. 1900.
CALL CALENDAR,
Available Grain Supply,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 18@19Vic; dairy
13>4«fl7c. Cheese, steady, 8H®9c. Eggs, steady •
fresh, ll%c.
NEW TORK, June 5. — Special cable and tel
egraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indicate the
following changes In available supplies:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1,000,000 bushels. Afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 2.400.000 bushels
total supply, decrease, 3,448.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1.091, COO bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, S29.C00 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Seattle and Tacoma, Increased
289,000 bushels last week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000;
Nw York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 5. — The stock market
Bhowed fjtnptoms of strength at various timrs
to-day, but the pressure to sell at the ad
vano* proved too much for the limited demand
to al-sorb end the latter part of the day was
#riven ever to a desultory downward move
which carried prices b*low last night's level
exwpt for a few stocks. The Htrength of a
few shares was In fa£t the principal sustaining
Infiumc? of the market at al! time*. The best
wjj>lftrt of this character came from Atchis-jn
preferred, which began to mcive upward early
in rh» day in anticipation of the dividend an
nounw-nient. The declaration of a 24 per cent
dividnnd had ix-^-n accurately foreea&tc-d and
tin- advance in the stock c&me to a standstill
when the dividend was announced. After
hanging sluggishly for a time the advance was
resumed on the giving out of the directors'
«ilniates of the net earnings for the fiscal
year, showing a handsome surplus over the
full .". per cent dividend requirement for the
preferred Ftork. Atchison preferred thereupon
rose to 7<»i. which ie en a leval with the high
record price rr.ade two months ago. Baltimore
ar.d Ohio, Union Pacific and Missouri Pacific
sympathized strongly with Atchison. The other
::..;•::! of the day to attract most attention
v . > : :.- Sugar ulvidend. which was maintained
at the tame rat* of IVi jjer cent. as the last.
The movement of this stock showed that the
recent buying has been based on accurate fore
knowledge of this result. The rise Df % at
the opening was followed by a decline of 3«i
<:n profit-taking and the rally was only feeble.
Th«-re wa» a general but slight advance at
the opening In expectation of the favorable
effect ui>on foreign markets of the occupation
of Pretoria, "but this expectation proved de
lusive fend the market* at London. Paris and
Berlin ail turned heavy before the clcse. The
«l:me here was dull and dit-tlnctlvely heavy.
Tbfre was a large demand for Western New
Tcrk and Pennsylvania general mortgage %¦,
but the maximum advance was not main
tained. Othc-r«vi«; the bond market was dull
lind sluggish. Total pales, par value, $1,^S,O<X).
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Ehsr<rs Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
Il.il75 Atchison 26*
CM;; Afhisun prefd 7354
6.SC8 Baltimore & Ohio- KOH
10* Canadian Pacific '. 84 .
230 Canada Southern M
SS4 Chesapeake & Ohio 27%
40«> Chicago Great Western 12Vi
12.9<;5 Chicago Burlington & Qulncjr 123
Chicago Ind & Louisville 21
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 12
100 Chic&go &. Eastern Illinois 97
*....*. Cblca£» 6l Northwestern.... ......... .160*4
CHICAGO, June 5. — Corn led the markets to
day and was itrong and moderately active.
There was a demand for It reported by the
cash people and the speculative trade also
showed an Increase. The situation to all ap
pearances remained unchanged as to crop pros
pects, which were still declared to be of a
rosy hue. Offerings from Nebraska were larger
and some of the elevators sold, but the de
mand from oui«i(3ers and local bulls of In
fluence, together with covering by snorts, was
sulTlcIent to advance the market despite the
larger offerings from first hands. July closed
•".**< "Sic over yesterday at 3&^c, the top price
of the day.
The wheat market was a email one and the
pit where this commodity is dealt in a dull
place. The Northwest was a seller, thus giv
ing support in a practical way to reports of
gocd rains In that section of the country.
There were other reports, however, " which as
sorted that the Dakotas and neighboring ter
ritory could stand much more moisture than
has been received this season. The corn
strength furnished the main support and shorts
bought because of the nrmness In the neigh
boring pit. July closed flrm, Ho higher, at 67c.
Oats were slow but flrm. July closed H@V*c
Improved at 214c.
Provisions were ' flrm, but quiet. Moderate
hog receipts, higher prices at the yards and
the corn strength ! were the sustaining In
fluences. On. profit-taking the list eased a
trifle, but closed firm. July pork closed 5'if7%c
over yesterday, lard 2"4C better and ribs a
shade higher. ' .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows:. Flour,
Btendy; No. 2 spring wheat. 6. r >%@66%c; No. 3,
Cl^tX.c; No. 2 red, 65»i(370%c; No. 2 corn. 38%c;
No. 2 yellow. 3SVsC'38%c; No. 2 oats. 22H®22V,c;
No. 2. white. 24!4;ij25}ic; No. 3 white, 24H'8 : 24-Uc:
No. 2 rye, fi4M;c; good feeding barley,* 37c; fair
to choice malting, 40%@42c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80: prime timothy
seed, $2 40; mess pork, per barrel. $10 20<gll 35;
lard, per 100 pounds. $C 62H@6 77H; short ribs
sides (loose), $6 55@6 80; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6"4@6%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 03&7 10; whisky, basis of high. wines, $123;
clover, contract grade, $7 60.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 4 S'J
New York Exchange, sight — 12'.j
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S>4 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are steady at rates
last quoted— 37s 6d for large and 40s for handy
carriers. The chartered Wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 23.000, against 19,800
tons on the same date lust year; dlsenea~ed,
39S7 tons against 23,777; on the way to this
port, 211,300 tons, against 214,000.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris markets were
still closed. »
Chlcaeo was neglected. Corn was quiet, but
looked firm. The weather was fine, with In
dications of a hot spell. Rains In the .North
west have been Insufficient.
In the local markets futures were firmer, but
spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 9C@91»4c; milling. 93*i
escvic.
CALL. BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 99%c;
8000, S9Vic
Regular Morning Session — December— 16,000
ctls. 99y*c. . .
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Extreme dullness still characterizes
the market and the occasional changes are
generally in the direction cf lower prices.
Feed, 67V4*?"0c for No. 1 and 62 l i@65c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping- grades. 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 6S&C.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
• Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Offerings met with little attention.
Prices have not changed for a long time.
White, $1 10@l 30; Red, $131 20; Gray, $1 07}j
©1 15; Black, jl@l 07H P«r ctl.
CORN— There are more samples showing on
'Change and the feeling Is weak. The demand
Is Insignificant. Eastern large Yellow. $1 10^
1 15 per ctl; Eastern White, 9~V4c@$l 03 per ctl;
Mixed, fl 10.
RYE— Dull and weak at 82%c per ctl for new
and 95^97^c for old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flou r and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 C0£3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2j@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal.' $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2303 50: . Buck
wheat Flour. $4«4 25; Cracked Wheat. ?3 2s:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, S3: RolW
Oats (barrels), $6'g7 25; In sacks. $3 75(^7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
The situation stands the same. New Hay
continues extremely depressed and varieties are
continually Increasing. Old Hay rules steady
to flrm. Bran and ¦ Middlings are firm, and
rolled Barley Ik weak.
BRAN— $12 D0@13.50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17<g20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@16 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing.
J27 50<328; Cocoanut Cake. S20iS'21: Corn Meal,
J2u; Cracked Corn, $25 B0: Mixed Feed, U5 £0.
HAY— Wheat, $7<Q3 for common to good, $3 50
©10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, ?7 50@9 W; Oat.
$6(ff8: Barley. $5(ft7; Alfalfa, $5@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $*<Q6: Wheat, $G@7;
Clover, $4 60@6; Alfalfa, *5®7; Barley, »4®5 per
°STRAW— 25@37V4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market remains dull at nominal quota
tions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3; small White, J3 25®
3 40; large White. $2 7S@2 90; Pink. $2 5002 90;
Red, $2 uO<gZ: Blackeye. J3 5O@4; Butters.
nominal: Lima. *5 30@5 40; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $»®4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. U 90@2 20; Canary. 3%c
per 1b for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, , nominal; Rape, 2*6?j3c; Hemp. 4®4',£c;
Timothy, 4fM^c. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 9O@2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes of all descriptions are firmer, while
Onions are weaker. Vegetables stand about
the same, though receipts of Squash and String
Beans from Vacaville have fallen off 'sharply
of late.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 8ocg$l; New
Potatoes, 50c@ fl in sacks and 50c@Jl 25 in
boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 60@7jc per ctl; Austra
lian, *3i?3 E0 per ctl. *. -
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 15@25c-per doz;
Rhubarb. oOc(fr$l per box; Asparagus, E0c@«
per box for No. 2 and $1 254?1 50 for No. 1 and
$17552 25 for fancy large; Green Peas, 75<FiS3c
per sack for common and $1@1 23 for Garden;
String Beans, 405c; Refugees, 6@6c; .Wax
Beans, 4®C>c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 40@
73c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, ¦: 4®8c; Dried
Okra, 32V4 per lb;' Green Peppers from Los An
geles. 6@7c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 25@
35c per sack; Summer . Squash. ¦ 50®75c per box
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrraphlc Offlc*. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 5. 1500.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. R. X.. In charge.
ARRIVED.
TUESDAT. June 5.
Jap stmr Hcngkong Maru. Fllmer, 27 days 1
h^ur 22 minutes from Hor.gkong, via Yokohama
17 day* 6 hours C3 minutes, via Honolulu 8 days
S hjurs 43 minutes.
Ftmr North Fork, Fcsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 45 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 37 hours.
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen. 60 hours from
San Pedro, in tow of tug Rescue. (Up river
direct.}
Bark Levi G Burgess, Younggren. 6 days from
Tacoma.
Bktne Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, 4 days from
WiHnra Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, • 14 hours from Bowen*
Lan<lir.;r.
Scnr Corinthian. Korth, 23 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
SAILED
TUESDAT. Jane 5.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Nor stn-.r Universe. Egenes, Chemalnus; It
Dunsmuir's Snrs & CO.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. _ • * .
Stmr Newsboy. HigXins. Seattle; W S Scam
mell.
TUESDAY, June 5.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound rorts.
Mex stmr Isnacio Mariseal, Bowen. Manzan
lllo.
Stmr Smith Coast, Olsen.
Stmr Gicry. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Nor stmr Universe, Esenes, Chemalnu».
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, Hower.a Landing.
Schr Occidental. Rc?!ch, Grays Harbor.
Schr Fannie Adele. Ristum. Eureka.
Schr Impossible. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Orient, Saunders, Port Gamble.
Schr Laura May, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. June 5—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy: wind SW. velocity 16 milea.
SPOKEN.
May 23, lat 57 32 N, long S3 23 W— Br ship
Cambuskenneth, hence January 26 for Queens
town.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. June 5. — Stmr Bertha at this port
struck sunken reef in Graham Beach last
Thursday night; damage slight.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived June 6— Schr
Mary Etta, hence June 2.
KARLUK — Arrived May 4 — Shio Santa Clara,
htnee Atril IX April 3'J— Stmr Kadlak. hence
April 1?.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 4— Stmr City of To
peka. for Skaguay.
Arrived June 5 — Stmr Cottage City, from
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed June 5— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 5— Bark J
D Peters, from Alaska.
Sailed June 5 — Schr Lottie Bennett, for Taku.
PORT LOS ANG12LKS — Arrived June 5 — Stmr
Whitesboro, from Greenwood; stmr Greenwood,
MENDOCINO— Arrived June &-Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 4.
EUREKA— Arrived June 5— Bktne George C
Perkins, hence May 27; schr Fortuna. hence
May
Sailed June 5— Stmr Pomona, for Saa Fran
° GREENWOOD- Sailed June 3— Stxnr Alcazar,
for Sar. Pedro.
FOREIGN POUTS
HAMBURG— In pert. May 15— Ital ship Mt
Carrael. for San Francisco.
Sailed May— 15r shin Astracana. for Oregon.
SALAVEKRY— In Port Aurll «— Bktne Chaa
j F Crocker, for Vancouver.
MAHUKONA— Arrived May 13— Schr Jenni*
Wand, from Hana. May Ji— Schr Henry WU-
Bon trom Hllo.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June *-Br
stmr Coptic, hence May 11. ,..«...
LIMERICK— Arrived June 5— Br ship Eden
ballvmcre. from Portland.
DUBLIN-Arrived June 2— Br bark Cambrian
F\LMOUT*il-Arrlvetl June 4— Fr bark Gen-
I era! Neumayer. hence February 11.
I HULL— Arrived June 3— Ital ship Salvator*
Ciampa. hen^-e January 20.
In port May 25— Br sh!» Austrasla. for San
F MANTbA-Arrived May 23-Br stmr St Jer
ome, from Norfolk. June 4— Br stmr Westmin
ster, hence April 30.
Sailed May 21— Br stmr Lennox, for Nagasaki.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrive.! June 4— Br »hlp
Falls of Afton. hence February 10.
Sailed June 2— Br ship Glendoon, for Cardiff.
PKAWLE POINT— Passed June 2— Br ship
Cmmartyshlre, from Antwerp for Port Lo« An-
Ke SHIEUDS— Sailed June 2— Br ship Corunna.
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU — Arrived May 25 — Jap stmr
Amerlc? Maru, hence May 13; bark Albert,
hence May 12. May 18— Schr J H Bruce, from
Abe-deen. May 25— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru.
from Yokohama. May 23— Br stmr Carllsl*
City from Yokohama.
Sailed May 2C— Ship U D Rice, for Phlladel
ph'a: schr Mary E Foster, for San Francisco;
schr G W Watson, for Port TownsenJ; bktna
Newsboy, for Port Townsend: schr A J West,
for Port Town.«end. May 2S— Jap stmr America
Maru. for Yokohama; bktne J M Griffiths, for
Port Townsend. May 27— U S stmr Logan, for
Manila. May 2*— Br stmr Flintshire, for Manila.
KAHULUI— In port May 12— Bark Carrollton.
from Newcastle. NSW; schr Dora Bluhm. hence
April 25: schr Ottllioe Fjord, from Grays Har
bor: schr Emma Ctaudlna. from Aberdt-en.
KIHEI— Arrived May 17— Ship John C Potter,
from Newcastle. NSW.
HILO— Arrived May 2J— Haw ship Falls cf
Clyde-, hen^e May 2.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 4— Haw stmr Saa
Mateo. for Pan Francisco. .
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 4— Schr
KiiiK Cyrus, for Kahalut.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 3— Stmr Minneap
olis, from N>w York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 3— Stmr Kcenigen
Louise, from Bremen; st;nr Ater. from Genoa.
Sailed Juna 5 — Stmr' Taurle. for Liverpool;
stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosae, for Bremen,
via Cherbourg and Southampton; stmr Belgra~
vja. for Hamburg, via Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed June 3— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed June 4— Stmr Siberian, for
Philadelphia.
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK, June 5.— FLOUR— Receipts 22,-
S59 barrels; exports, 15,376. Firmly held and
moderately active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 22,200 bushels; exports,
105,939. Spot firm; Xo. 2 red, 7SUc elevator; No.
2 red. S^Vic f. o. b. afloat nominal. Spot No. 1,
Northern Duluth, 74^ic f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 76%c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options were steady to firm all day on the
strength in corn, supplemented by various bull
ish winter wheat crop reports and a liberal re^
duction in the world's Btocks. Closed firm at
He net advance. July, 724T72 5-16c, closed 72c;
September. 73 1 i@73%c, closed 'S'/fcc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL-Steady.
COFFEB— Spot— Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice, S^c:
mild, market steady: Cordova, 9H@13t&c. Coffee
futures closed barely steady In tone at un
changed prices to 5 points net lower. Total
enles, lfi, 730 bags, including: July, |7 35(37 40;
September. $7*35: October, $7 35@7 43; Novem
ber, $7 2:(<j~ 40; December, $7 50@7 K.
BtTCAR-Raw, steady: fair reflnlnc, 4Vkc:
centrifugal. 96 test, 4*6c; molasses sugar,
3 ll-16c: refined, strons.
BUTTER— Receipts, 21.166 packages. Barely
steady; creamery extras, 16%@20c; factory, 141,4
616c.
EGGS— Receipts, 17.S30 packages. Firmer
Western, loss off, 12V»@13c; Western at mark,
10'.-jJjl2Vic.
DRIED FRUITS
The demand for evaporated apples was mod
erately active en sood countrj' reports and the
falling off in receipts. The undertone was a
little steadier, but no great price changes were
noted at the close. California dried fruits were
Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
4'4W3c; prime, o^Gc; choice, 6%'g7c; fancy.
7M:«Sc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
lb.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12H@14c; Moorpark, 15®
18c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lGfJioc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
New York Metal Market.
XEW YORK. June 6.— There was consider
able irregularity developed in the market for
metals to-day. Tin, In sympathy with an ad
vance In London, Jumped tome 20 to 50 points
higher, the market, however, ruling? very quiet
and at the close was quiet on the basis of
130 I0I&30 50. Lead, on the other hand, ruled
weak and unsettled at $3 85@3 95, and spelter
was* also weak, owing to an increase in re
ceipts and the scarcity of buyers, closing weak
at $4 (0Q4 45. Lake copper ruled very dull at
unchanged prices — $1C 75. Pigr iron warrants
were very weak, no -uotation given. The
brokers' price for lead was {3 70 and for cop
per $16 £0;i*16 75.
TO SAIL
Charters.
The Robert Sudden loadi lumber at Port
niakoley for Melbourne or Port Plrie, 60s: I
tiki) git, lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu.
Receipts of Coal.
Receipts cf coal at this,, j>ort thus far this
year amount to C05.CV) tons, apalrst S7S.23G tons
durinsr the same time la*t year, the leading;
, . ¦ rij.tir.r.s belnc a" follows: From Puget
S.iuml. 276.470 tons; Australia, 17,533; British
Columbia, 225.C20.
Revenue Collections.
Ir.terr.al revenue collections In this district j
thus far this fiscal year amount to $3.r6S.t2l. |
npainst J3. 430.173 durlr.g the same time last
yt-«r. the leading items belni* as follows: Beer.
IJ.'^.^Tti; ?T>lrits, J.VC.044: tobacco. $273,540; war |
stamps. $ic2.064.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
The Grocers' Gazette of London says: "Cal
ifornia fruits are inovingr steadily into con
sumption, but purchases from first hands are
err.:i!:. «mj>Iy because there is little to deal
in. For the 1900 pack, which it is reported Is
likely to be a large one. nothing has been
Bxed as to prices at present. With a continued
p.««i oons-uiTiptlove demand fcr salmon the mar
ket continues firm, the epeclal features being
the hardening rates asked for Alaska, which
must now be quoted C4 per cas? above the
prict-s ruling a week or two hack. Fraser
River salmon is unaltered in price. At Liver
pool the arrival is reporte.1 of the Cambrian
i'rir.fessi. with about i.S.O'.K) cases of Fraser
Iliver eaimon."
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Eteamer Walla Walla cleared Monday
for Victoria, with a cargo valued at $2*, 213,
which included the following: C cs dry goods,
7v M ) TT.s meal. 7 pkRs pipe. W P*"* 1 machinerj-,
BOO rolls pap»r, 233 n?s hams. C?40 rfcs chocolate.
EM n>(» coffee. i»S bxs |i-mor,s. 13 pkgs groceries.
23 1 pkei matches, 2X. cs canned vegetables. 240
cs canned goods, 11C4 Ji^s cheese, li rs arms
and ammunition, {• pkfrs household Ul
rt canned fruits. K0 j.>kfrs iron. 37i Tbs mlll
etufEf. CC bales cordage. llfiO tt.e suf?ar. 25 cs
raisins. TSo ITs t.real. liO<1 ft ha.rdwcx.-l. 4S cs
drugi>. 4'>o Th* mac*. 5C0 It<8 baking powder. 57
pkgs hardware. l&S fks potatoes. cSG pkt?s fruit,
to bxs paste, 3i txs 21,730 !Tj* dried fruit. 163
t,als wine. 44S pkKs veclaMec, 3o sks onions.
liiQ.anfi Jt.b tin p!ate. 24 empty keg-s. 1600 rt>s
etaroh. (UtS n-s malt. Z'1.7u6 H>s nitrate coda,
£ keps naiis. 10 cs <-locks.
In iran^It— « c« cigars. 603 Swiss cheese;
value, $1076.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, June 5—5 p. m.
Th« following maxtrr.um temperatures were
reported from stations in Ciftifornia to-day:
Eureka 56 Los Ar.geles 7Z
Independence »O tian Luis Obippo 74
Moost Tamalpals ,San Diego 6S
Jied BlufI 100 Sacramento 100
Fresno 1«!
San Frar-ifeo data: Maximum temperature.
74: minimum, Z2; mean, C3. --
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and thrcatenlntc weather prevails over
Watairiton and Went-rn Montana and gener
ally clear ever the remaining portion of tne
countrj' west of the Rocky Mountains. Light
rain haj= Jallen in Northwestern V»'ashinj;ton.
The pressure has risen rapidiy over the ncrth
western pwtlon of the country and fallen over
the Uboer Missouri Valley.
The temperature hae fallen over the northern
Jiortlon cf the l'acific slooe and risen over the
southern. T«*rar«"raiur«*s of IO'i <legr<^»s are re
ported fmm the' interior of California.
The following high winds are reported: Spo
kane, 26 miles per hour from the west; Eiveka,
2J northwest; Walia Walla. 20 southwest, and
KaliKpel. 2S Feuth-Aw:t.
Koreoa«t made at San FraJicisco for thirty
iK-urs ending rni^r.ight. June 6. 1&00:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm: fr**sh u-tFt wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday: continued warm.
Utsih— Fair Wednesday: continued warm.
Arlror.a— Fair Wednesday.
Kan Francltrco and vicinity— Fair We<Jnes<!ay:
rrntinued warm; freeh we?t wind In the after
noon. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
4,155 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 107V4
690 C C C & St Louis £»Vi
100 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43'i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16H
Delaware ik Hudson Hf*
100 Delaware Lack & Western 179
Denver & I'io Grande l?*i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67%
Erie HI*
210 Erie 1st prefd 354
Great Northern prefd 151
200 Hocking Coal l-> ,
250 Hocking Valley 3^
Illinois Central H3H
200 Iowa Central 1»
Iowa Central prefd 4S
100 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 17
Lake Erie & Western 2< |
Lake Erie & Western prefd »2JS I
Lake Shore -« 4
1.180 Louisville & Nashville (Jit
1.S44 Manhattan L j' 1 *
L4S0 Metropolitan Street Railway w4 |
1,100 Mexican Central 12 4 I
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 62'* |
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd B5}i
4,250 Missouri Pacific D^«
Mobile & Ohio 39
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10b
30) Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
1.4S5 New Jersey Central 12"
S9"» New York Central 130%
600 Norfolk & Western 85*
Norfolk & Western prefd <»4
5,3'» Northern Pacific &? 1 * i
1,260 Northern Pacific prefd •>>**
200 Ontario & Western 21H
Oregon Railway & Nav «
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd <6
3.C30 Pennsylvania w»w
Reading !
LSSO Reading Jst rrefd W» ]
2<J0 Keadlnp 2J prefd r J I
Rio Grande Western »>>* j
215 Rio Grande Western prefd S7'/2 j
St Loui3 i: San Fran 10
Bt Louis & San Fran l^t prefd 0$4
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd ZZ % i
100 St Louis Southwestern 114
1.030 St Lirjuis Southwestern prefd -6-^ j
€.110 Pt Paul Jl' |
St Paul r>refd J;3
St Paul & Omaha H» |
4.M0 Southern Pacific SJ% j
1.000 Southern Railway l-_i i
1,600 Southern Railway prefd •>*¦*
100 Texas & Pacific J?r s i
11,030 Union Pacific [»2»
2,306 Union Pacific prefd <<¦*
100. Wabaeh „».,
2W Wabash prefd Wj
S50 Whaling & Lake Erie ;;*
S00 Whf-ellr.K & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2jH
AVisconsln Central *•*
Express Companies—
Adams Ji*
An-erican
United States ,«;
Wells Fargo "'
Misrellareous —
American Cutton Oil 3*H i
American Cotton Oil prefd 90 I
American Malting 34
Amtrican MaltinK prefd 204
975 American Smelting & neflning 3.V» I
475 American .Smelting & Ref prefd Si 1 * |
American Epri'its Zv»
American Spirits prefd 1*
200 American Steel Hoop 21
140 American Pteel Hoop rrefd "1
"00 American Steel & Wire 3..V»
610 American ?teel & Wire prefd 75Vi
American Tin Plate 22V, I
185 American Tin Plate rrefd 73'4
4,4M American Tobacco 92V4
American Tobacco prefd 128fc
700 Anaconda Minine Co 414
15.54S Brooklyn Har>id Transit 6S
1.400 Colorado Fuel £z Iron 36
3.7tO Continental Tobacco 214
2 K0 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S4
2.7M Federal Pteel 33^
210 Federal Steel prefd eG- 1 -* i
Ger.tral Electric 134" 2 I
100 Glucose Sugar 4SV» !
Glucose Fusar prefd &< [
£51) International Paper 21v» !
47a International , Paper prefd 6C'-i
550 I^aclele Gas 73 I
1*0 National Biscuit 29'i j
210 National Biscuit prefd SO
2G0 National Lead lS$i
S00 National Lead rrefd 94
300 National Fuel 28
t00 National Steel prefd W*
300 New York Air Brake 132
North American 14%
Pacific Coast 61
Pacific CoaFt 1st nrefd 84
Pacific Coa.«t 2nd prefd CC^
SEO Pacific Mall 27\
6.L22 People's Gas SSfi i
425 Pressed Fteel Car 47'4 I
700 Pressed Pteel Car prefd 77V*
Pullman Palace Car l£3
SCS Standard Ropa & Twine 5
O.lVo Sugar nntj
S'K) J-ugar pr^fd 116
2,310 Tennessee Coal & Iron ij
490 I'nited StatfB Leather ]04
I'niteii Htat^s Leather rrefd 69y,
745 Un:t«>d Ptatos Rubber 20
rnitf'J Slafs Rubber prefd 95
£95 Westfrn Union £0
400 Republic F & S 131^
f50 Kejublic F & S prefd stv;
P C C & St Louis 60
Third Avenue 113
273.200 Ehara boM.
CLOSING BONDS.
V B ref 2s reg M K & T ?<Js 68%
'when Issued) ...103'.i X V Cen Ists 111V* ;
Do coup 103>i N J Ccn etn 5s 122
I>o 2s reg lDO North Pacific Ss... C7%
Do 3s reg 10!* ',4 Do 4s ioou
Do 3s coup lOSUlN Y C & S L 4s. .IOC*;
Do nei^ 4* reg...l34',j N & W con 4s 97Va
Do 4s coup 134Vj Ore Nav lsts.. Ill
Do old 4s re;r "44 Do 4s 102M.
Do 4s coup 11J4 On* Short Line 6s. 123 "
Do 5s reg 1134 Do con 5s 114^
Do £11 coup 1134 Reading Gen 4s... 8SH
D of C 3 er.s 122"^. n O West 1st* 33%
Atch gen 4s lOHi I S L & I M con 5a.lU%
Do arljus 4s 844! Do S K Gen 6s. ..121
Can South 2ds 10C*i!8t Paul con . 170
C & O 44s 934i Do C & P lsts.. ".120
I Do Ds 117 Do Es' 121
C & NW enn 7s 1414 Southern Pac 4s S1H
Do S F deb 5s. ..113 Do Ity 5b 111%
Chic Term 4s 9o4 Stand R & T 6s 71
Colo South 4» S7 jTex & Pac lsts 11'4
D & R G lsts ....102 i Do 2ds £5
Do 4s 99*i T'nlon Pac 4s 106i>i
E T V & O lsts... 1031,, Wabash lsts I151A
Erie Gen 4s 724lWaba*li 2ds 1C2'4
F W& D C 1st.... 71 {West Shore 4s 1134
Gen Eiec Ss 120 V.'h? Cen lsts S14
Iowa Cen lsts 112 jVlnrlnla Cen S24
K C P & G lsts... 72 jL A Nash unl 4S..100'
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2o;Ontano 7 00
Crown Point 07iOphlr 70
Con Cal & Va 1 40|p]ymouth 10
Deadwood SuQtiicksllver 1 50
Gould & Curry 12.' Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norc 20 Sierra Nev -"fl
Homestake B0 0>J . Htnndard 4 00
Iron Silver €0 l"nlo:i Con 17
Mexican 20 Yellow Jark«"t 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — T'nlon Pac 55
Call loans 245J3 West End 82
Time loans 3Viil Konds —
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100V1
Atch T S Fe 2674 N K O & C Cs C5
Do prefd 73%; Mining shares —
Am Susar m4 Adventure 314
Do prefd 1134 Allouez Min Co..,. 1
Bell Tel 300 Amal Copper 89%
Bos & Albany 241 Atlantic 224
Boston Elevated. ..133 Boston & Mon 300
Boston A: Maine... 101 Butte & Boston.... «8
Chi Bur & Q 129 Calumet & Hecla..715
Dominion Coal 404 Centennial 17
Federal Steel 33-li ! Franklin ,. 13
Do prefd GG^iIIumboldt DO
Fltchburs prefd... 132 v,|Osceola 61
Gen Elec 131 Parrot 4H4
Do prefd 137' JQuincy 1354
Mexican Cen 124;Santa Fe Copper.. 4ft
N E Gas & Coke.. 1&4 Tamarack ..1S5
Old Colony 207 Utah Mining 26
Old Dominion 174 Winona 22
Rubber 26 I
Dullness continued on the Bond Exchange
yesterday and there were no changes worthy
° There Is a proposition to consolidate the
Rex and Yukon Oil companies, and stockhold
ers of each are being called upon by Interested
parties for an announcement of their views
regarding the terms of share distribution.
The last monthly report from the Alaska-
Treadwell mine shows 46.419 tons ore worked
by the two mills, the one of 300 stamps running
twenty-nine and three-fourth days and the one
of 240 stamps eiKht and °n*- thlr £, a da *"-_ ™, e
ore yielded $35,237. There were 839 tons sul
phurels saved, 'valued at $35,116 Thi^make,
the gross earnings for the month $130.3*.. Tha
exuenses in round numbers were $31,&00, mak
fns the ni? proceeds $SS.S53. The ore averaged
$2 95 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. June 5—2 p. m.
Bid Ask Bld.Ask.
TT S Bonds " Mutual El Co. 9Vi 11
4« qSar SST.U5HU6. O G L & H... 45* -
4s do reg 114V4H5 Pac L Co. - «
4s do cp new..l34i*134%!Pac Gas Imp.. 4o^ 4j
3s do coupon.. l(*!ilOy**iS F G & E.... 46 46~i
Miscellaneous- San F ™" c ' sc "- .*£ *%.
Cal-st Cab 5s. .119 — *>tkn G & E Co 10 —
C C Water 58.109^ — Insurance—
Ed L & P 6s..l2S*a - Firem s Fund.223 -
F&C1 Ry6s..ll6 - Bank Stocks-
Geary-st R 5s. - 99 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 60 67
H C & S 5Hs.. — — Bank " f Cal... 410 —
do 5s :."lO5 — Cal S D & T.105 —
L A Ry'os 104^105 First Nation!. — 230
L A L Co 6s.. - — Lon P & A....132V* -
Do cntd 6s... — — Merchants Ex 15 —
Do gntd as... 10O — Nev Nat Bk.. - —
L A & P R 5s. 102^ - Savings Banks—
Market-st 6S...128 - Ger S & L 1S90 —
Do 1st M 5s.HS»4 — Hum S & L.. — —
N C N G It 7s. — 114 Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
N R of Cal 6.3.115^ - SF Sav L...-o0o -
Do os ...117U11S Sav & L So 4 <3
N P C R R 6s.lOmiO2i-4 Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Do 5s — 109 Union T Co.... — —
N Cal R R 6s.Ul — Street Railroads-
Oak G L&HoS. Ill — California 122-.—
Oak Tran 6s.. - 119 Geary-st ...... o0 -
Oak W Co 5s.. - - Market-st Ry. 62H «2TJ
Oceanic S 5s.. - 107^ O S L , & H... - oO
Om C Ry 6s. 12S — (Presidio ...... la —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 104% — ; Powder Stocks—
P & O R R 6s.l20 - California ....160 1,0
SacL & O R5s — — jGiant Con Co.. 8*4 &S%
S F & SJV 58.119*4 -., Vigorlt 2% -
S Ry of Cal fa.UUi - Sugar Stocks- _
S P of A 6s... 114 — (Hana S P Co. 7?i .%
Do (1905) ...-1P9H— |Haw C & S Co — 90%
Do (lW Ill£ll3 Honokaa S Co. 33H 34
Do (1912) 119 — Hutch P P Co. 2o\ 2«i
SPBr6s 130 - Kilauea S Co. 20V 4 21
S V Water 6s.. 115 - Makaweli S Co 474 47*4
Do 4s ...103H — Onomea S Co.. 27S 2S> 4
Do 3d mortg. — 101% : Paauhau S Co. 31% 32
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — | M l sce ," an *° U!^
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. US —
Contra Costa.. 72 73 iCal Fruit Asn. - 93
Marin County. 50 — pJer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring VaUey. - 95Vi Oceanic SCa. 92% 94
/-.„, e. nectrlc I Pac A F A 2 —
Cent a LCo.^ - Pac C Bor Co.l4» —
etui L & P.... SH - Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Equit G L Co. 2Vi 2% I
55 Contra Costa Water J2 2?
15 Giant Powder Con JJ £•
115 Giant Powder Con »» ¦*»
25 Hana Plantation Co •••••••; .'? h
$1000 Market Street Ry (1st Con) 5s HS ...
a Spring Valley Water cash ,9a »0
10 Spring Valley Water \*
3 Spring Valley Water 9a ->
Street —
$5000Spring Valley 4s (2nd mortgage) 103 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con SS 73
5 Hana Plantation Co < '*
$4000 Oakland Water 5s 10o 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 31 8.1a
30 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 46 00
20 Spring Valley Water 95 25
Street— ,
50 Contra Costa Water 72 2S
$10,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 104 aO
100 Market Street Railway cash 62 624
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil < 70
EOO Home Oil * •»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 1 * 75
200 American Fuel 48
10 Kern River t 13 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
300 Belcher 22 300 Pot os I 21
100 Best & Belcher. » 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
WO Chollar 251 500 Utah 13
500 Mexican 261
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 2Sj 600 Justice 10
SOOChollar 24l W Ophir 73
100 Gould & Curry. 13: 1300 Silver Hill 42
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 23 ! 200 Ophlr 75
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50, F0O Overman IS
700 Justice* 10 ! 10O Silver Hill 4t>
500 Justice C9, 200 Silver Hill 41
300 Mexican 26
Afternoon Sesslcn.
200 Best & Belcher. 23! 200 Mexican 25
100 Con Cal & V.I 52^! 200 Ophlr 7S
600 Exchequer 02 400 Silver Hill. 42
600 Justice 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
TUESDAY. June 5—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 03 10
Alta 03 Of. Kentuck — Cl
Andes 06 OS Lady Wash 02 OS
Belcher .......... 22 23;Mexican 23 27
P.eFt & Belcher. 23 29: Occidental 12 It
Bullion 02 OS.Ophir 76 77
Caledonia 1 13 1 20jOverman 17 13
Chollar 24 23iPotosi 22 x»
Challenge Con.. 13 14* Savage 14 15
Confidence 60 70:Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60 ; Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 'Sierra Nevada.. 32 31
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill...;.. 43 44
Eurekafon — 50 St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 03 11 Standard 4 60 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 14 13 Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 26 2S|Utah 13 14
Julia — 02iTellow Jacket.. 14 16
TO AP.RIVE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat futures rather firmer.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Xcw Hay extremely iveak; old Hay steady.
Relied Barley weak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal. ' •
Potatoes firmer and Onions weaker.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue firm.
Poultry weak under heavy arrivals.
Fruit market zvcll stocked, as usual.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions being cut by the local trade.
Hides, Wool and Hops dull and weak.
Meat market quiet at previous prices.
as before.
Ihigs selling at firmer prices.
Larger receipts of Coal this year.
Increased Revenue collections.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Money on call steady
at l%@2 per cent; last loan, l*i. Prime mer
cantile paper, 3>4@4 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 87H for demand and at $4 84^ for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 8o'i and $4 88H;
commercial bills, $4 SS^rQi S3%. Silver cer
tificates, 60@61c; bar sliver, 60c. Mexican dol
lars, 47%c. Government bonds, steady; ' State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON', June 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance, exclusive of the $130.-
OCO.OCO gold reserve In the division of redemp
tion, shows: Available cash balance, $145,963,
6S1; gold. $69,171,lo3.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 5. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
The news of the fall of Pretoria fell fiat In
the markets here to-day, being counteracted by
the ominious reports from China, which de
pressed funds. Dealings were very quiet and
there was a small attendance after the holiday,
many members leaving early.
Americans were almost forgotten, transac
tions in them depending on New York sales.
Baltimore and Ohio preferred was exceptionally
strong. London buying them slightly. The
Atchison dividend announcement had no ef
fect.
Copper Ehares were weak with the decline
In metal.
Money was unchanged, but the tendency was
downward.
The bank sold £73.000 in French gold coin
and £1000 arrived from Portugal.
CLOSING
LONDON, June 5.— Atchison, 279i : Canadian
Pacific, re 1 ,,: Union Pacific preferred, 76V4:
Northern Pacific preferred. 78; Grand Trunk.
IH; Anaconda, S%. Bar silver, steady; 27ftd
per ounce. Money, lVi@2 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Times and Heights of High and lf*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide U the game at both placea.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE «.
Sun rises 4:13
Sun sets 7:23
Moon seta . .. o-34 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninsj tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
dar in the order of occurrence as t.i time. Th<»
second time column clve» the second tt.la of
ihe day. th» third time column th» third tld»
nod the last or right hand" column glw* th<»
last tide of the day. except when thera are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riv«*c are in addition to the soundings on th<»
I'nltctl States Ccast Survey charts, except
wh<ri a minus sign (— ) prerede* the h»t<ht.
ami th*n the number given is subtracter! from
the depth given by the charts." The plane <>t
reference i* the mean of th» lower low wirer*
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. June 5.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Apricots— Newcastle. $10115
single crates. Cherries— Black Republicans,
average $1 07; Royal A.nne, 40e<5*l-
Porter Brothers' *?. is: Plums— Clymans.
$1604fl65 single c.-s»te. Apricots — Royal,
Jl 35551 50 Bingle crate. Peaches-—Alex
ander. $1 45 box; Briggs' May. $1 35. Cherries—
Tartarians. 55c?I$2 40 box; Assorted, »i «u.
Bigarreau, 70cfn*l 25; Centennials, $1 10; Repub
licans, $1 05<gl 10; Royal Anne, 25c@$l 20; Isapo
leon, SOc; other varieties, 43©35c.
NEW YORK, June 5.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sales California fruit: Plums— Clymans,
$1 60<§2 slnsle crate. Peaches-Alexanders, 80@
$1 C5 box; Briggs' May, 80c. Apricots— Royal,
70c(&-$l 35 single crate; Seedling. 76T( 80c; New
castles, C3c. Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 15®2 box;
Tartarians, uocliJl 70; Bigarreau, 80c@$l 10;
Centennials, 75©95c; Rockports, 25c@tl; *-•
Blgarreaus, 75c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royals,
EGcl&$3 60 single crates: Seedling. C5c@U 0o.
Peaches— Alexander. 75c@l 30; Brlggs Early
May, 601395c. Cherries— Royal Anne, 90@?l Zo
box; Black Republicans, average $5 box. faix
cars sold to-day.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, June G.— There Is no material
change In the wool market here this week
and trade continues quiet. The price for ter
ritory wools is 53@55c— scoured and fine medium
and fine. Fleece wools show very little life,
with prices nominal. There is some demand
for quarter-blood, but offerings are small. A
line of Australian three-eighths blood sold on
the scoured basis of 5Sc. Quotations:
Territory, scoured basis— Montana and Da
kota, fine medium and fine, 19S20c; scoured,
65c; eiaple, 58c. i ' _
Utah and Wyoming— Fine medium and fine,
WISe; scoured. 63@54c; staple. 56<!fu7c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing, superfine, nominal, S2@S7c: good, S0@81c.
Nkv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 5.— Not since the failure
of a prominent Wall street house nearly two
weeks ago has the cotton market shown weak
ness equal to that exhibited to-day. But while
prices dropped off almost perpendicularly there
was not the first symptom of excitement. The
depression resulted largely from liquidation of
several Important accounts, chiefly in August
delivery. The market was finally steady in
tone, but 11(548 points net lower.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. June 5.— Sales of Walla Walla
¦wheat were reported here to-day at 51c for
No. 1. At' the same time 52c was offered by buy
ers for future delivery. At neither figure has
very much wheat been dislodged.
WASHINGTON*
TACOMA, June 5.— WHEAT— Quiet; no
change in quotations. Bluestem, 63c; Club, 51c;
both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LOXDON", June 5.— Consols, 102#; silver,
2794d; French rentes, lOlf 33c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; English country mar
kets, firm.
LIVEROOL, June 5.— Holiday in grrain mark
ets. French country markets, quiet.
COTTOX— Uplands, 5d.
• —
for Vacavllle and $1®1 25 for Alameda; Cucum
bers $2 for Alameda and $1®1 25 par box for
Marysville; new Garlic, 3®4o per lb.
Poultry and Game
Six cars of Eastern have come to hand thus
far this week, and the market is depressed in
consequence. Warmer weather, too, tends to
weaken prices, "which are still lower in some
"^POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 1*8 Uo for Gob
blers and 12© 13c for Hens; Geese per pair,
$1 25#1 50; Uosllngs. *l 25(21 50; Ducks, 'Hg«W
for old and $4@4 60 for younc; Hens, IWW.
Young Roosters, $505 Wi Old Rooster*, $J Mg*j
Fryers, $4 50: Brollurs, $3©4 for large and ».ji
2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50(81 75 per dozen for
old and $1 E0@l 76 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cliccsc and Eggs.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continuo firm. There
is a momentary scarcity of fancy Butter, ow
ing to the quarantine of a steamer at Eu
reka, but ample receipts are expected in a few
days. There is no scarcity in Eggs, thougn
they are slowly cleanlns up.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 1S@1S',4c; sec-
OI Dair>-'— Fancy, 16%Q17c; good to choice, 15®
16c; common, 14c. _
CHEESE— New, 7t$'{fSl(.c; Young America, 9@
9Vic; Eastern. 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13'/i<&15c for store and ltujs
17c- per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15Vic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Good Peaches show no weakness, but poor
and green stock drags. Supplies of Apricots
are ample, but not excessive. Cherries are go
ing off better, and supplies are now lighter
than for several weeks. Small Apples and
Pears ure in poor demand and cheap. Plums,
too, are slow of sale.
There are more Berries on the market and
prices are weakening. Arrival of 27S4 bunchea
of Bananas from Honolulu.
APRICOTS— 40S65c per box for Itoyals; in
baskets, 35@50c.
APPLES— Green Apples. 35@50c per box and
20(g-35c per basket and 60@S5c for Ked Astra
chans, large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxes, 25£30c per
box; in baskets, 153225c.
PLUMS— 4u^5c per box and crate; Cherry
Plums, 2a©30c for drawers and 50c for boxee.
STRAWBERRIES— fliju Der chest for large
and J64j10 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 35g34c per lb for common
and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50fcr7 per chest; Newcas
tle, l>er crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $4SS per chest: from
Fresno, 50c. and from Newcastle. 50®63c ' per
LOGAN BERRIES-$3@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 50@4 50 per chest.
FIGS— From Arizona, per box and 15c
per basket.
PEACHES— 50cS$l per box and 63®75c per
basket.
CHERRIES— 33@60c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 50ig65c. In bulk, 3@4c for black and
5<Q6c for Royal Anne. Receipts were 3490 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50^2 50
per box; Seedlings, $101 75; Valencias. $3&3 50:
Lemons, $1@1 50 for common and $2@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4y5; Ba
nanas, f 2<g 3 per bunch ; Pineapples, $3 50@l per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Aside from the tentative quotations of 6%®
7%c per lb for new Apricots already men
tioned there is nothing doing in the new crop
as far as learned. Stocks of old fruit are
cleaned up with the exception of Prunes, and
there are only a few of them left. New
Honey is quoted firm.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks, 4#4>4c
for 40-50' s, 3^iS3-\c for 50-60's, 3V*®3Hc lor
60-70's 3S3',ic ior 70-80's, 2T»i»3c lor 80-90's
and 2%iS-*«c for 90-100's; Apricots, 9@10c for
Royals and lfr§llc for Moorparks; Peaches,
4^"54 8 ic for Standards, 5c for choice and oVif?
6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12Vic; Evapo
rated Apples, 5H@6c; sun-dried. 3!&4c per lb;
Pears, 3 1 *'&4M:C for dark and 7@Sc for bright
halves; Black Figs, 19i@2c; White Figs. 2Q3c:
Bleached Plums, 7M:c; Unbleached Plums, 6c
for pitted and l^c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8H<=; choice. 7Vs<=: standard. 6Hc;
prime 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
6C-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, o&e;
3-crown, 6'Ac; 4-crown, "c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 10 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshelU; Almonds, 11%0UO for paper
shell % 10c for soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts 5*i®6?ic for Eastern and oc for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7%<U8c; Filberts, 12@12Vic;
Pecans, llfc 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@a. .'";««^
HONEY— Comb, 12^^ 13c tor bright and 110
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
7Vi*5'%c; light amber extracted, «@.ViC; dark,
6c r>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
Provisions.
Cutting to secure trade Is still going on and
Hams and Lard are lower in consequence.
There Is no chance in Bacon and but little In
barreled coods.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie forlicht medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and MHO for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. J13: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork $15; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50; Smoked
Beef, nViSlSc per lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and S^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
fc?4c; 10-lb tins. 9»4c: 5-lb tins. 9%c. -
COTTOLKNE— Tierces. 8*4@S%c per lb; half
barrels, 8?ii£8Tgc; 10-lb tins. 9V»c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head are dull.
Hops are wholly nominal. Hides are slowly
accumulating and Wool is neglected and weak.
It is reported that contracts for Hops are
being drawn in Washington at SSlOc.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c- Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf 10c; Dry
Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands. I5c; Dry
Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Sheepskins.
Shearlings 20<S30c each; ehort Wool, 3j@60c
each- medium. 70®90c: long Wool. $1@1 50 each;
Horse Hides. $2{i2 GO for large and 75c@U 50
for small; Colts. 23<3 v 00c. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 374<5'«c; fall or medium skins,
324<p;c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, oOc;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Hc per lb; No. 2,
4c; refined, 6c; grease, f%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows:
Northern free.. 15V4Q- 17c; Northern defective, 13
«jl3c; Middle County, free, 15(&17c; Middle
County, defective. 13(gl3c; Southern- Mountain.
12 months', 12©13c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive 7 months', 10(gl2c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 2C@21c; Nevada, 14gi7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at Cft'llc Der lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Choice large Hogs will bring the top quota
tion. Otherwise there is nothlnir new.
BEEF — i'^fSe'Ac per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 8(ff9c: small, 9<S9Hc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 6te©7c; ewes, 6@64c per
pound. !
LAMB— Spring, SV&@9c; yearlings, 74@Sc per
pound.
PORK— Live Hogs 6%@Cc for small, o%@o 7 Ac
for medium and 5<£4f6%c* for large; stock liegs
and feeders, £(A@5Vic; dressed Hoes, 7@S^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta* are selling at a fractional
advance, and the feeling is firm. San Quentin
Bags, $3 C5; Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool
Rag?, 2S!s@32%c; Fleece Twine, 7Hc.
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton; new Welling
ton, $S; Southfteld Wellington, %%: Seattle. |8;
Bryant. - $6; Coos Bay $5; . Walisend, $S; Co
operative Walisend, $8; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton in bulk and $1S in sacks; Castle Gate
and Koek Springs, JS 45 per 2C00 lbs.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15%c for prime
washed; 12@12J4c for good washed- 13@144c for
good to prime, washed pcaberry; llH£fl2i&c for
good to prime peaberry; ll@13&c for good to
prime; 9®10Vie' for good current mixed with
black beans: 9@10%c for fair; 6V4@Sfcc nominal
for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 10%@13c ror good to prime washed;
9%@10V4c for fair washed; 128134c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 946104c for good to
prime semi-washed; 94@10%c tor superior un
washed; — @9ttc for good green unwashed;
lOHi'Hc for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; t"@7%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 13@16c for prime to fancy washed;
9y.(ft 124c for fair to strictly good washed: fc%
(g'JUc nominal for good to sui>erior unwashed:
10(T"lOHc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 1340174c for prime
to fancy washed; 11%®13c for stricyy good
washed; 104*?H4c for good washed; 9(fflO»,;c
fcr fair washed; 7%@S%c for medium; Cr</7»,c
for inferior to ordinary: 12V4@14',±c for good to
prime washed peaberry; Italic nominal for
good to prime unwashed peabtrry; 9Jj9%c nom
inal for good ta superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S@30c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26©27c; Sole Leather, light,
26© 27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27 <g2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 25©26c: Harness Leather, henvy,
3".'Jj33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30<sj32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29Ji30c; Collar Leather, 15
i$16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@30c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50<ifj55c: Calf, finished, 75c©$l 20;
sides, finished, 16<Stl7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14tfH6c; Rough Splits. = S@10c per lb
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
73c; pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
77c; raw, 75c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 50c; No. 1, 49c; cases,
5c more; China Nut. 61<g65c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 324c: Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25(31 33 per gallon; wagon colors, Sl'tf
2 &> per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Water-
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil. In
cases, 19c; Astral. 19c: Star, 13c; Extra Star
Oil, 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene, 21c: Deodorized
Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; do. cases. 21c; Benzine.
In bulk. 14Hc: do. cases. 204c: S6-degree Gaso
line In bulk, 21c; do,' cases, 27c per gallon.
, TURPENTINE— Quoted at 7ic per gallon In
Cn UEb AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, m®
1%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $3O@31 per flask for local
use and $45t?46 fl ' r export.
SUOAR— The 'Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb basts: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.70c; Powdered,
S 30c; Candy Granulated, r..30c: Dry Granulated.
5.20c; Confectioners' A, 5.20c; Magnolia A, 4.80c;
Kxtra C. 4.70c: Golden C. 4.60c; barrels. 10c
mor«: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more:
£0-Ib bates, 10c more. • No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels. 5.Mc; boxes. 6.20c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail' prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $1S<817; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, |1"<U18 for No. 1 and $13«1S for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 30©4; Pickets, $13; Shingles.
|1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes.
|U for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21-827.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUKSDAY. JUNE 8.
Flour, qr sks 3L9S0;Sus«r, sks ?<V> I
Wheat, ctls 8.."<XJi Shorts, nks 64S !
Barley, ctls 3.345 1 Wool, bales 71 (
Corn, ctls 1,030! Lime, bbls n |
Cheese, ctli 64iLeather. rolls 10) I
Butter, ctls 600|Wlne. gals 36.4>»
Tallow, ctls 205 [Quicksilver, flsks 95
Deans, sks 2l»!EgK*. doz 24 ,*.*> !
Potatoes, sks 1.976iPe!ts. bdls t>6
Onions, sks 480 Hides. No 3.1
Bran, sks .3.6S5 Hay. tons 233
Middlings, sks... \ 27S «
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 916! Oats, ctls 760
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUKE 6, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Morning Session.
New York Grain and Produce.
8
market quiet and steady. Natives— Good to
prime steers, $5 1003 65; poor to medium, J4 o0&
6; selected feeders, $4 60@5; mixed stockers,
weak, $4@4 50: cows, weak. $2 40@4 50; heifers,
steady, $3 50©4 90; canners. slow. $2 40@3: bull?"
dull, $2 S0S4 40; calves. 15@25c lower at iofi 2a.
Texans— Receipts, 600; fed steers, steady, $4 50(31
5 35; Texas bulls. $2 75@3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 23,000; to-morrow,
33,000, estimated; left over. 2S00; market 5@10c
higher; mixed and butchers. $4 93@5 20; good to
choice heavy, $4 95415 SO: rough heavy. H SOW
h; light, $4 95<J?5 17H; iilk of sales. J5 V2\*<35 !¦>•
SHEEP— Receipts. LKB; sheep steady; lambs,
strong; pood to choice wethers, $5© 5 40; fair to
choice mixed. $4 40W5; Western sheep, $4 7o@
5 40; yearlings, $5 50ifJ6: native lambs, ?u(go 7a;
Western lambs. $5 75S7 15.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
ARTICLES. j Receipts. I Shlpm'U.
Flcur. ' barrels 15,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 34,000 122,000
Zorn, bushels 390,000 204,000
Oats, bushels 361,000 225,000
lly. bushels 2.0C0
Barley, bushels 35,000 6,000
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Cloee.
}e:
•Wheat No. 2—
June '. 63% 66% 65% 6G%
July 66% 67% 66% 67
Corn Xo. 2 —
June 33 3S% 37% 3S%
July 38 3S% 37% 3S%
Oats No. 2—
June 21H 21% 21W 21V4
July 21U 21V4 21V4 21^
Mess pork, bbl —
July 11 27H 11 35 11 27% 11 35
September 11 37H U 42% 11 35 11 40
Lard, per 100 lt»s—
July 6 77% 6 80 8 75 6 77%
September 6 75 6 77% 6 72% 6 75
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
.Tuly 6 70 6 70 6 65 « 67%
September 6 63 6 67% 6 62% 6 03
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
1 ! First Quarter,
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 J'^ne 12-
,fr- Last Quarter.
_17_ JS_ _19_ J0_ _21_ J2_ J3^ U June».
24 23 26 27 28 29 30 4Q» N>w Moon.
1 I*JP June 2«.
O |Tlme| I
» Ft. •
E
"lmel
m
;T1
Irne
-¦!¦
ITlme
Ft.
H W
| i-
< ... 0:53, 2.2]
7 ... 1:33 1.7
8 ... 2:H 1.1
9 ... 2:£ 0.6
0 ... 3:13! 0.1
1 ... 4:12'— 0.2
2 ... 4:51!— 0.6|
«:35,
7:50
f:".
9:33
1(>:«I
11:29)
12:11|
3.V.
3.4
1.5
3.T!
4.01
4.2t
4.5|
tt:«
12:2^
l:li
t:«
4.2.
,4'
I 2.1!
2.4|
«•»
I Z.i
: 3.i!
I 32
I — i
; t:S0t 5.2
! 7:23 5.3
7:57} 5.4
8:»| 5.*
I 9:03| 5.7
! 9:33! 5.«
! 10:lSt 5.9
Steamer.
Washtenaw ...
Bcnltfi
Umatllla
. -ITacon
..iNewpi
...Vlctoi
ma.
» rt
rin
I
Pu":
ii,-et Si
Pomona
dt.:
Crescent City.,
t'ity of Para...
Fanta. Rosa
l'olnt .Arena...
..iCres.«
..IPanar
..)San E
..IMem!c
iJune
|June
; June
i. Tune
7
t
¦i
Warfield
San Mateo
state of C'a!...
..[Oy.«tei
..iNarpI
..•H.iriis
T/.Hm.
T*>UU*
Kmpire
Coos Hay ...
Matteawan ...
Willamette ...
..•Seatt!
City of Puebla
ro*inii'.e Kiver.
Drlstol
China
Corona
Arcata
a
Columbia
11
k
Steamer.
Destination.
Corona ...
Gaelic
...iSan Diego
....China & Japan
.June 6. 1
iiJur.» 6.
11 am Pier U
1 pm F'MSS
Arcata ...
Del Norte
...ICoes Kay
(..'.Oregon Ports.
.[June «, 1
.[June 6,
Columbia
f\t a -wf™
fT-.n- ? 1!
Curacao ..
...Mexico
Pomona ..
North For:
Bon I -.a ...
...jHumboldt
k. Humboldt
. . I Newport
.(.June 7. :
. Jur.e 7. !
. June 8, !
JpmiPler i
9 ami Pier 2
9 am; Pier XI
City Sydn<
It
eylPanama
.Linn* «. i:
12 njlPM35!
Luxor
Santa Ros;
».|Europe |
a.j.^an Diesro j
JJune 9, 1(
June 10. l:
10 am! Pier 1
tl am;Pi»r 11
fmatllla
Pt. Arena
State or C
Pomona ..
Cooa Bay.
.. Vic & Pitt Sd. !
... Point Arena..!
al> Portland.. i
..Illumboldt*....
...iXewport
IJune 10. V
f June 11. I
.iJune 12. X
. June 12. ..
. June 12, !
11 am PI »r ¦?
2ptn|Pler 3
11 am: Pier 2»
!P!er 9
flam'Pter 11
Marlposa
! Jur.e 13. 1
8 pmiPlir T
ARTICLES. j Receipts. I Shlpm'U.
Flcur. ' barrels 15,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 34,000 122,000
Zorn, bushels 390,000 204,000
Oats, bushels 361,000 225,000
lly. bushels 2.0C0
Barley, bushels 35,000 6,000
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Cloee.
}e:
•Wheat No. 2—
June '. 63% 66% 65% 6G%
July 66% 67% 66% 67
Corn Xo. 2 —
June 33 3S% 37% 3S%
July 38 3S% 37% 3S%
Oats No. 2—
June 21H 21% 21W 21V4
July 21U 21V4 21V4 21^
Mess pork, bbl —
July 11 27H 11 35 11 27% 11 35
September 11 37H U 42% 11 35 11 40
Lard, per 100 lt»s—
July 6 77% 6 80 8 75 6 77%
September 6 75 6 77% 6 72% 6 75
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
.Tuly 6 70 6 70 6 65 « 67%
September 6 63 6 67% 6 62% 6 03
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
1 ! First Quarter,
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 J'^ne 12-
,fr- Last Quarter.
_17_ JS_ _19_ J0_ _21_ J2_ J3^ U June».
24 23 26 27 28 29 30 4Q» N>w Moon.
1 I*JP June 2«.
Steamer.
Destination.
Corona ...
Gaelic
...iSan Diego
....China & Japan
.June 6. 1
iiJur.» 6.
11 am Pier U
1 pm F'MSS
Arcata ...
Del Norte
...ICoes Kay
(..'.Oregon Ports.
.[June «, 1
.[June 6,
Columbia
f\t a -wf™
fT-.n- ? 1!
Curacao ..
...Mexico
Pomona ..
North For:
Bon I -.a ...
...jHumboldt
k. Humboldt
. . I Newport
.(.June 7. :
. Jur.e 7. !
. June 8, !
JpmiPler i
9 ami Pier 2
9 am; Pier XI
City Sydn<
It
eylPanama
.Linn* «. i:
12 njlPM35!
Luxor
Santa Ros;
».|Europe |
a.j.^an Diesro j
JJune 9, 1(
June 10. l:
10 am! Pier 1
tl am;Pi»r 11
fmatllla
Pt. Arena
State or C
Pomona ..
Cooa Bay.
.. Vic & Pitt Sd. !
... Point Arena..!
al> Portland.. i
..Illumboldt*....
...iXewport
IJune 10. V
f June 11. I
.iJune 12. X
. June 12. ..
. June 12, !
11 am PI »r ¦?
2ptn|Pler 3
11 am: Pier 2»
!P!er 9
flam'Pter 11
Marlposa
! Jur.e 13. 1
8 pmiPlir T
Steamer.
Washtenaw ...
Bcnltfi
Umatllla
. -ITacon
..iNewpi
...Vlctoi
ma.
» rt
rin
I
Pu":
ii,-et Si
Pomona
dt.:
Crescent City.,
t'ity of Para...
Fanta. Rosa
l'olnt .Arena...
..iCres.«
..IPanar
..)San E
..IMem!c
iJune
|June
; June
i. Tune
7
t
¦i
Warfield
San Mateo
state of C'a!...
..[Oy.«tei
..iNarpI
..•H.iriis
T/.Hm.
T*>UU*
Kmpire
Coos Hay ...
Matteawan ...
Willamette ...
..•Seatt!
City of Puebla
ro*inii'.e Kiver.
Drlstol
China
Corona
Arcata
a
Columbia
11
k
O |Tlme| I
» Ft. •
E
"lmel
m
;T1
Irne
-¦!¦
ITlme
Ft.
H W
| i-
< ... 0:53, 2.2]
7 ... 1:33 1.7
8 ... 2:H 1.1
9 ... 2:£ 0.6
0 ... 3:13! 0.1
1 ... 4:12'— 0.2
2 ... 4:51!— 0.6|
«:35,
7:50
f:".
9:33
1(>:«I
11:29)
12:11|
3.V.
3.4
1.5
3.T!
4.01
4.2t
4.5|
tt:«
12:2^
l:li
t:«
4.2.
,4'
I 2.1!
2.4|
«•»
I Z.i
: 3.i!
I 32
I — i
; t:S0t 5.2
! 7:23 5.3
7:57} 5.4
8:»| 5.*
I 9:03| 5.7
! 9:33! 5.«
! 10:lSt 5.9"BLACK BART" HAS A
DOUBLE IN THIS CITY
Silent Workers Party.
It was the small boy's turn last night.
A hundred or more bright little faces
gathered in the parlors of the Grand Hotel
at a Sunshine Club party— a concert and
entertainment given by. the Silent "Work*
ers, a bodv Incorporated- by the Society
of Friends 'two years a#o. The affair was
in the hands of Mrs. Marion Bartlett
Shephard. who had arranged a most in
teresting programme. Miss Edna Wllman
recited "Tom's Little Style"; Master
Thomas Dunne, the boy soprano, sang
the coon son*. "Tour Money's No Good ':
the Knickerbocker Club, consisting of
Herbert Williams, R. D. Smith. D. B
Crane and L. A. Larsen, sang "The Old
TO b« mistaken day after day for a
convicted stage robber— no less per
sonage than "Black Bart," is th»
unhappy fate of \V. T., better known
as "Dick" Richardson, an employe of the
Baldwin Annex saloon.
Richardson applied for a position at the
saloon a few days ago, stating that he
waa willing to try his hand at anything.
"Jim" Orndorff, .the proprietor of the An
nex, put the old man to work as an extra
bartender and billiard-room attendant.
The following day John T. Dare, the
States Customs Appraiser, visited the
Annex, and after ordering a drink, called
up Orndorff and Informed him that the
barkeeper who had Just served him waa
"Black Bart."
"There Is no chance for a mistake on
my part." said Dare, "for during. 'Black
Bart's' trial my business brought. me in
contact with him daily and I am sure it
is the man."
Mr. Orndorff became Interested in the
officer's tale, and while admitting the re
semblance, said that the man had iden
tified himself satisfactorily to him.
During the day Captain Jules Callunden
of Horse's Patrol, who -was an Important
"I confess that at first glance I thought
that I was being served by the noted
stage robber, Black Bart, and it would
be an easy task to get any number of men
who are not accustomed to. studying
faces to positively swear that Richardson
is the man. " He is indeed a 'dead ringer ' "
Of himself Richardson has but little to
say except that he had been a cattle man
in Arizona for twenty years and had
failed for a large sum.
"This is the nrst time in my life that
I have worked for wages," he said. "I
have seen x>iac*c Bart, but do not know
him. Since I came to work here I have
been accosted by many men who have
been in San Quentin, who claim to have
met me there . and will not be convinced
that I am other than Black Bart. It is at
times annoying, but I can content myself
with the knowledge that there is nothing
in my record of which I need be ashamod
except ¦ perhaps that I am broke." :
factor in the capture of the noted stage
robber, had occasion to visit the Annex
and as he stepped to the bar a look of
surprise showed plainly on his face. It
was some little time before he realized
that he was mistaken in the. man and a
few minutes' conversation satisfied him of
the fact. In speaking of it later Callun
den said:
SUPREME LODGE OF THE
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST
Fourth Annual Session of That Body.
A Number of Amendments to
the Laws.
The fourth annual FesMon of the Su
preme Lodge of the Friends of the Forest
was opened yesterday morning In Red
Men's Hall by Supreme President Mrs.
Raymond. All the supreme officers and
delegates from the several lodges were
present. The reports of the several of
ficers were presented, and these show
that during the year the order had a gain
of one lodge and also a gain In member
ship. During the afternoon the commit
tee on laws and supervision, of which
Mrs. H. M. Guigles Is chairman, presented
a number of amendments, which were
adopted, the principal ones being that
delegates for the Supreme Lodge shall
be selected from the past presidents of a
lodge, and If .there Is not enough of these
that the balance of the delegates shall be
elected from beneficial or social members;
that new committees be adopted, and that
the order of business 1 be altered to con
form to parliamentary rules. It was re
golved that officers be not installed until
they have memorized the ritual. In the
evening there was a reception to the'offi
cers and delegates. ,
To-day the officers for the ensuing term
will be elected. /
Public School Vacation.
OAKLAND. June a.— The public schools
will close on Friday for the annual sum
mer vacation, reopening July 30. - ¦
To Extend Washington Street.
OAKLAND, June o.— The City Council
has psssed to print an ordinance provid
ing for the extf-r.^ion of Washington street
to San Pablo avenue, ami for the selec
tion of a new site for a City Hall.
Aged Woman's Death.
OAKLAND. June 5.— Mrs. Naomi
Bishop, a resident of California for forty
seven years and the widow of a pioneer
Methodist minister, died last night at the
Old Ladies' Home at Alden. Deceased
was 90 years old, a native of Maine. The
funeral will be held Thursday from the
home.
Reports Wife Missing.
OAKLAND. Jure 5.— William Hamman.
•residing at 773 Sixth street, has reported
the disappearance of his wife to the po
iice. She left home last Sunday, and
Hamman suspects that she has gone to
San Francisco.
Commercial School Dance.
BERKELEY. June 5.— The annual dance
of the graduating class of the Berkelev
Commercial College was given In Shattuck
Hall this evening. Henry Howard Wilson
was floor manager. He was assisted by
Stanley Barnett. Frank L. Lathrop and
George "Wamholz. The reception commit
tee consisted of Reuben Hey wood Hunt,
Miss Gertrude Earle. Miss Olive Hall,
Miss Gertrude Kirk and Lloyd C. Hawley.
Wants Marriage Annulled.
OAKLAND. June j.— Joseph M. Man
ning commenced suit to-day against Car
rie 13. Manning for the annullment of their
marriage. He claims that he was deceived
S.- the defendant. The couple were mar
ed on December 26, lSSft. after a week's
acquaintance.
Mrs. Hilay Fink Will Appeal.
OAKLAND, June 5.— Mrs. May E. Fink,
who was denied a divorce from Alonzo W.
Fink by Ju'Jge Hail, has given notice of
appeal to the Supreme Court. Judge Hall
found that while the defendant had been
guilty of cruelty, Mr?. Fink had deserted
him, and was therefore not entitled to a
divorce.
Verdict of Manslaughter.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— The Coroner held
an inquest over the body of Frank Nar
vaez this morning. Nothing especially
new was brought out in regard to the
shooting. It was testified that the men
had -been engaged in a bitter quarrel at
the restaurant. The jury returned a
verdict accusing Thomas Winship. who
confesses to the shooting, of man
slaughter.
Dead Switchman Blamed.
OAKLAND. June 5.— Ole Olsen has filed
an amended complaint In h'.s suit against
the Southern Pacli:c Company for dam
ages. He alleges that on November 14,
181--9. he was struck by the Berkeley local
train at CJolden Gate station. The action
of the flagman in bringing his wagon to a
stop on the track is claimed by Olsen to
have tyen the cause of the accident. The
O&Einan was killed in trying to prevent
Ol^en Irom •! riving in front of the engine.
Immigration for May.
Statistician Eccleston of the local Bu
rpau of Immigration reports 106S arrivals
of a'.lf-n immigrants at this port during the
month of May. Of these 3S0 were tourists
and 6SS will remain in California. The
nationalities represented were: Japanese
4"7, English SS, Korean ID. Mexican 24. Por
tuguese 2S. Scandinavians 11 and Spanish-
American 11. The occupations were: Farm
laborers 202. mariners 44, skilled laborers
2."), common laborers 34, miners 16. farmers
10. merchants 37; no occupation, including
women and children. 133.
Two Insolvents.
E. R. Maze of Gilroy, a farmer, filed a
petition In insolvency yesterday In the
United States District Court. He sets
forth that he is a stockholder in the Union
Savings Dank of San Jose, and that as
such stockholder he may be liable for a
proportional ehare of the debts of the
bank. As to these he goes Into Insolvency
to the extent of $43,102 25. lie has no as
sets.
Robert R. Clements, a fireman of Santa
Cruz, filed a petition, placing his liabilities
at $180. He has no assets.
OAKLAND. June 5. — To-morrow Miss
Edith Kelloggr. the granddaughter of Mrs.
Hiram Tubbs. will become the wife of
Henry Drew Nichols. The wedding is to
take place at the residence of Mrs. Tubbs.
£06 East Twelfth street, at 4 p. m. The
laxee, beautiful rooms will become bowers
cr green and white for the occasion. The
ceremony will be performed In the draw
iag-roora. . .
The bride's dress is of white silk trimmed
with Valenciennes lace and made en train.
The veil will be of white tulle, with a
coronet of natural orange blossoms. There
will be only about a hundred guests, inti
mate friends and relatives of the bride
and groom. The destination of the happy
couple on their wedding tour has not yet
been divulged.
MISS EDITH KELLOGG TO
MARRY HENRY NICHOLS
Took Black Bass Illegall
I^ast Saturday C. A. Vogelsang. Deputy
Fish Commissioner, arrested four men at
Salt Spring Valley, Calaveras County, for
violating the law which prohibits the tak
ing of black bass between January 1 and
July 1. The culprits are John Eppinger
of Milton. H: Donovan of the same town,
Thomas Ederar of Copperopolis and W.
Harvey of Stockton. The men were ac
companied by their families and the scene
of the arrests was humorous and pathetic.
They were made because this is the
spawning season for these fish and their
destruction at this particular time of the
year means the loss of thousands of fish.
Woman Who Lived in a Shoe," • "Ken
tucky Babe" and "The Flowers That
Bloom in the Spring"; "Billy" Hynes re
cited and sang; Misses Mary, Susan and
Dorothy Pasmore played a trio (violin,
cello and piano), a suite by H. B. Pas
mere.. E. G. McBain concluded the pro
gramme with a bass solo.
After the programme gifts were distrib
uted to the happy little guests, a couple
of handkerchiefs each, a half-pound, box
of candy and a ball, and in hig-h good
humor they went to their homes, tired
but happy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June 5.
Mayor Snow in a formal message has
appealed to the City Council for author
ity to clean the streets of the city, which
he declares are in a disgracefully 'un
clean condition.
The demand is supplementary to a
resolution adopted a month ago by the
Board of Public Works directing the at
tention of the Council to the unsightly
and unsanitary state of affairs. Since
then no action has been taken. The
Mayor calls attention to the fact that
every day of delay renders the situation
more dillicult to handle, and that it will
increase the expense.
In his message the Mayor says:
"The Board of Public Works will. I be
lieve, ask your honorable body for legis
lation that will enable the Street Depart
ment to keep the streets clean hereafter,
but the long neglect of the street gutters
renders a thorough cleaning necessary
before anything else can be done."
The Mayor has been persistent in his
•efforts to remove unsightly accumulations
of dirt from thoroughfares. Property
owners throughout the city have been
compelled to clear the space between
street and property line, and the depart
ment is now desirous of continuing the
work upon the streets.
There is not a section of the city which
Is not greatly In need of renovation. The
gutters are foul and choked with weeds.
Catch basins are closed. That the condi
tions are serious enough from a .sanitary
point of view to warrant immediate at
tention is the opinion of the Street De
partment officials.
The neglect of the streets is due largelv
to the lack of money in the city treasury
to meet the expenses, but the Mayor has
decided to insist that steps be taken now
to find the money and to cleanse the city.
Long Neglect Has Rendered Unsight
ly and Foul the Thoroughfares
Throughout Every Section
of Oakland.
Mayor Snow Appeals to the
Council for Funds to
Remove Dirt.
DEMANDS THAT
CITY'S STREETS
BE CLEANED UP
HAYTVAHDS. June 5.— The announce
ment of Dr. George E. Reynolds, Health
OfScer. that Miss Louie Gould is ill with
.-:: ~ . ;• x. has caused considerable un
easiness among the employes at Hunt
Bros.' cannery, as Miss Gould was until
li>t Friday employed In the cannery,
where she came in touch with nearly 'J50
ether girls.
Miss Gould has been taken to the house
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gould
in Castro Valley, and every precaution Is
being taken to prevent the spread of the
disease. All the employes at the cannery
have been vaccinated, and so far no other
ca«es of --¦..»:.; ¦ x have bee-n discovered.
The house in which Miss Gould was llv
ir.f; has been fumigated and her home In
Castro Valley has been quarantined. Miss
Oould Is a deaf mute. She is a gradu
ate of the State a>-ylum at Berkeley.
Health Officer Reynolds says the cannery
will not close.
CANNERY OPERATIVE
DEVELOPS SMALLPOX
Cemetery. San Francisco, for Incinera
tion.
pected that this will be one of the hard
fought skirmishes in the litigation.
If the court shall pass favorably upon
the city's demands one or two experts
will be put to work immediately upon the
corporation's books, accounts and rec
ords to determine such facts as shall, in
the judgment of the special counsel f.">r
the city, be required in the litigation. Tho
necessary papers for the motion are be
ing prepared by Attorney Hayne, and will
be tiled before Saturday. Judge Hart ha:i
received unofficial notice of the move,
and has consented to come to Oakland to
hear the motion. Attorneys Moore an-1
McCutcheon, who represent the water
company in the contest, will undjubtedly
make a determined opposition to the
proposition. The necessity for this action
on the part of the city's representatives
was impressed upon the City Council,
which has authorized the expenditure
necessary to secure the services of th<*
expert examiners.
FRUIT GROWERS TO HEAR
REPORT ON APRICOTS.
offers $16 50 for pears. .The growers are
trying to make better terms for them
selves with the Santa Clara canners. The
committee has In preparation Its report,
which is said to be favorable to the grow
ers.
went to San Jose this week to confer with.
Santa Clara growers concerning prices for
apricots. The committee consists of li.
K. Strowbridge, E. J. Hollanfl and D. Mc-
The cannery combination offered tho
growers t'-0 to $25 a ton for apricots. The
effort of the Alameda County growers ia
to secure a better price for apricots as
well as for Bartlett pears. The combine
receive the report of its committee whic
OAKLAND. June 5.— The Alameda Bay
District Fruit Growers' Association ¦will
meet Thursday evening at Haywarda to
PROGRAMME OF BLIND
for Institute concert
Part 2.— Organ solo, "Gavotte" (Butler) Eliz
abeth Whaley; piano solo, "Sarabande" (Pad
ert-wpki), Eben Gay; songs, (a.) "Calm as the
Xight" (Uohm). <b.) "Bolera" (I Vesyri Sicili
an!) (Verdi), Miss Gussie Mast: piano solo,
""Tocatelle" (Dupont). Charles Caceres; Fongs.
(a.) "The Sweetest Flower that Blows" (Haw
ley), (b.) "One Spring Morning (Nevln), Helen
Mesow; piano solo, "Rondo in C" cp. 51 (Bee
thoven), Elizabeth Whaley; organ solo. "Grand
Fantasia." op. 116 (Bartlett). Miss Gussie Mast;
chorus, (a.) "The "Wanderer's Greeting (Abt).
(b.) "Once Again the Day 'Hath Flown" (Abt).
wise men to the Christ child). Eben Gay;
duet, "The Gypsies" (Gabussi), Misses Mast
and Mesow; duet for piano, "Reaper's Song"
(d'Ourville). Susie Davis and Hazel Piper;
piano solo. "Rondo Capriccioso," op. 14 (Men
delssohn). Helen Mesow.
Part 1 — Chorus, "Three Children's Sonps"
(Reinecke)— (a.) "Dancing Song-." (b.) "Bara
role," (o.) "A Serenade"), primary class; orgai
solo. "March in A Major" (West). Helen
Mesow; sontr, "Sing On" (Denza), Elizabeth
¦\Vhaley; piano solo, "Absented von Genf"
(Bendel). Miss Gussie Mast; or^an solo, "March
of the Magi" (Dubols), (the sustained tone rep-
BERKELEY, June 5.— The programme
for the concert to be given next Friday
evening by the members of the graduating
class of the Deaf, Dumb and Blind Insti
tute is as follows:
Evaded Liquor License Law
OAKLAND. June 5.— C. E. Disard. sec
retary of the Cosmopolitan Social Club,
composed of colored men, was fined J3) by
Judge Smith to-day upon conviction * of
violating the liauor license ordinance.
CITY DEMANDS
EXPERTS SHALL
SEE THE BOOKS
Court to Be Asked to Order
the Water Company's
Records Opened.
Examination Wanted by Special
Counsel Hayne, Who Is Prepared
to Make Hot Fight Be
fore Judge Hart.
This move will be forced to an issue
in the Superior Court on Saturday be
fore Judge Hart in the shape of a motion
to compel the water company to open its
books for Inspection. The application will
be based upon the ground that the city
is entitled to see the company's records
because of the claims of the corporation
that the rates fixed are not adequate to
give a fair return upon its investment.
That the motion will be resisted is tho ,
belief of the city's counst'l. and it is ex- ,
An expert examination of the books of
the Contra Costa Water Company has
been demanded by Attorney Robert Y.
llayne, special counsel for the city in the
water company's suit, attacking the rates
fixed for the next fiscal year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, June 5.
MASONS PAY THE
LAST TRIBUTES
TO DEAD FRATER
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, June 5.
The funeral of the late Trowbridge H.
Ward, former Clerk' of the Supreme
Court, was held to-day with full Masonic
honors, the deceased having been grand
commander of the Knights Templar dur
ing 1S97. The services were held at the
Masonic Temple. Live Oak Lodge No. 61,
F. and A. M.I end Oakland Commandery,
Knights Templar, took part. There were
present a large number of visiting mem
bers of the Masonic fraternity.
The remains were laid ins state at the
Temple until 2:30 o'clock this afternoon,
when the services were opened. F. G.
Wright, master of Live Oak Lodge, con
ducted the exercises. The music was ren
dered by the Masonic Quartet, composed
of Alfred Wilkle. A. C. Read, Benjamin
Clark and George Carleton. There were
many floral offerings.
The pall- bearers were C. D. Howry of
Los Angeles. Henry -P. Daiton. John A.
Beckwith of the Masons, Z. T. Gilpln. J. P.
Chandler and Judge F. B. Ogdcn of tho
Knights Templar. There was a special
escort of Knights Templar consisting of
Cragie Sharpe, Joseph Knowland. L. R.
Webster, T. P. Emigh, J. F. Chandler, W.
H. Craig, William T. Hamilton and W. P.
Fletcher. Among the visiting Masons
who attended the funeral were: T.
H. G. Marchand, Three Rivers, Mich.;
Benjamin Clark, San Francisco; J. Dettel
bach, Modesto; F. Dlckerson, Conneaut,
Ohio; A. C. Fulmore, Eureka; C. D. How
ry, Los Angeles; A. J. R. Wilkle, San
Francisco; F. O'Donnell. Berkeley. Be
sides these Jacob H. Nell, William A. Da
vles and John T. Merrill, past grand com
manders, attended the services.
The remains were taken to Odd Fellows*
Deceased Knight Templar Borne to
Rest With Solemn Rites of the
Order in Which He Was
Distinguished.
Full Honors Accorded the
Memory of Commander
Trowbridge Ward.
- i
FLED BECAUSE SHE
FEARED HER HUSBAND
OAKLAND, June 5.— A three years'
search by the police for Mary E. Stare
ended to-day, when she was recognized in
the Police Court dock, disheveled and un
kempt, a prisoner, accused of drunken
ness. A brutal husband and a wrecked
home are responsible for her condition.
In 1S97 S. L. Stare, a boatman, was ar
rested for trying to murder his wife with
a cleaver. She was seriously injured.
Stare was held In jail for months, pend
ing the recovery of the wounded woman.
While in bed suffering from her injuries
Mrs. Stare swore to a complaint against
her husband. One day the woman disap
peared and no trace of her whereabouts
was discovered until to-day. After she
had been identified Mrs. Stare said she
had fled to Oregon because she feared to
prosecute her husband. She remained
away two years and then returned, but
wont to San Francisco. She claimed that
her condition was caused by one drink of
brandy given to her after a fainting spell.
At the time of the assault Mrs. Stare waa
comely and fresh. To-day she is a be
draggled, wretched habitue of the slums.
OAKLAND, June 5.— Jane W. Thomas,
widow of Richard C. Thomas, the late
Berkeley capitalist, has applied for letters
of administration on his estate. The peti
tioner states that the estate consists of
stocks and bonds and real estate in Berke
ley. Thomas left no will. The heirs are
the widow, Jennie "\V. Woltmann of New
York, William Thomas of Oswego, N. Y.,
and David Thomas, whose residence is un
known.
Berkeley Capitalist's Estate.
OAKLAND, June 5.— E. C. Fellows
Lodge, Brotherhood of Locomotive Engi
neers, will give its annual ball on Thurs
flay evening at Reed Hall. Much prepara
tion in the shape of unique decoration has
been made. Special trains will be run
until a late hour both to West Oakland
and Frultvale. A large number of invita
tions have been issued for tho entertain
ment.
Railroad Firemen's Ball.
School Teacher Resigns.
OAKLAND, June 5.— The Board of Edu
cation has accepted the resignation or
Jessie D. Corner, a teacher In the Lafay
ette School.
This Is why he is looking for the man
who told him that to go camping to the
Yosemite Valley was the proper thing.
way to Stockton the ¦ horses gave out.
Dave pushed his way to Stockton, where
he stored the outfit and decided to take
the train to the valley. He arrived in the
valley, only to find a telegram calling him
back to Oakland, because he was a direct
or in the People's Building and Loan As
sociation, of which Secretary Dewing had
been found $20,000 short. He left the val
ley without looking around, came to
Stockton, got his horses, loaded them on
the Stockton boat and returned to Oak
land.
OAKLAND. June 5.— Deputy City
Treasurer David E. Bortree Is look
ing for the man who told him that a
camping trip to the Yosemite Val
ley would be just right for his health, and
when he finds tfcat man there -will be no
mystery as to the cause of that man's
death. Mr. Bortree's trip consumed two
weeks' time, and he did not even get a
look at Vernal Falls.
Mr. Bortree promised himself a vaca
tion this year, for the first time in many
years, and some one told him that a camp-
Ing. trip to the Yosemite Valley was the
nicest thing going in the way of a sum
mer outing. For two weeks Dave has
been buying sleeping bags, camping
stoves and supplies of all kinds, and final
ly he bought a wagon and a team of
horses. Two weeks ago he moved out of
Oakland, his fellow employes giving him a
royal send-off. Yesterday he made a sud
den appearance in Oakland, declaring that
he would not be able to tell the Yosemite
Valley from Jack Hays Canyon, for he
arrived in the valley at noontime and left
for Oakland again at 1 o'clock.
But the story of his trip has just leaked
out. When he reached Livermore on his
Seme of the Incidents of Bortree's Trip.
THE committees having In charge the
arrangements for the Ofid Fellows'
annual picnic, which takes place to
morrow, have left nothing undone to
insure for their guests a pleasant and en
joyable time. The affair will be under the
ati=pices of the California, Golden Gate,
Mission, Manchester and Unity lodges,
every member of which is determined to
make their excursion to the romantic city
of Los Gatos. in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, a long-to-be-remembered one. All
sorts of games are on the programme and
some valuable prizes are offered in com
petition.
The special train which will convey the
merrymakers to the picnic grounds will
leave Third and Townsend street* at ;»:13
a. m., and will stop at Twenty-fitth and
Valencia streets to take on the members
of Mission Lodge.
The outings of the Odd Fellows have al
ways been attended by the better class of
picnickers, and the rough element has
been rigidly excluded in all past events.
This year's excursion will be no exception,
and the different committees feel safe in
guaranteeing patrons a jolly time anil
a happy holiday.
The committee of arrangements' Is as
follow?: Fred L,. Griffiths, chairman: A.
Calderon. vice chairman; O. Jensrn, sec
retary: 9. If. Reynolds, treasurer: \i.
Murden, D. Parker. O. A. Mauerhan, L«.
Viscari and T. Kstinllrio.
r'RANK WORTHING is to support
t Henry Miller a.t the coming- cngage
. rner.t of this star at the Columbia
Theater. Mr. Worthing has made
sacrifice to be here on the opening
i.^rht. and in this lies a story showing
that all theatrical stars are not filled with
petty jealousy of their rivals. Mr. Worth
ing has graciously relegated himself into
obscurity in the cast for the initial per
formance simply to assist his brother
actor and help make the opening a com
plete success.
When it was arranged that "Miss
Hobbs" should be the play for the first
night Worthing wa-« left out of the cast
by Mr. Miller. After the regular leading
people had been assigned their roles there
were only small ones left. Miller did not
desire that an actor of Mr. Worthing's
ability should be cast in a minor part, and
because of this he scheduled him a place
in the second play to be produced. This
was an act of kindly consideration on
Miller's part.
When Worthing- was notified of the ar
rangement he would none of it. His re
gard for Mr. Miller and his gratitude for
that ftar's kindly thouphtfulness in not
allowing' him to be placed in a role of
lesser magnitude caused him to at once
declare that he would appear on the open
ing- night of "Miss Hobbs," no matter how
insignificant a place might be left for
him.
To reach America in time to join Mil
ler's company In San Francisco Worthing
had to curtail his I^ondon trip. He had
Just set foot in the English metropolis
when he was notified how matters stood.
He at once pet out for New York and is
now on his way across the oce.in. The
management is delighted at his action.
The Miller company has already left Xew
York on its way west, but Worthing will
reach this city in time to appear in "Miss
Hobbs'" and help make a magnificent en
spmhlp for thi<* nn»t*ilncr Kill
Chairman and Secretary of Arrangements Committee.
WORTHING TO OPEN
HERE WITH MILLER
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
ODD FELLOWS WILL
HAVE AN EXCURSION
HOW DAVE BORTREE WENT
TO THE YOSEMITE VALLEY
" Black Bart" and His Double.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
rsir toss, bocthaxto*. loxdox piaii
Stopping: «t Cherbours. wentbouni
Frrrni New York every Wednesday. 10 a. n.
Ft. Paul ...June «f 5t. Lnula July t
St. I>cul» Juns 13 1 New York July it
St. Paul June 27! St. Paul July li
RED STAi^ LINS.
New Yor!{ cr>d Antv/2*-».
From New York every Wedneiwlay. 1} noon.
Xcordland June (ft Westemland ...June 27
Frlesland June 13 Ken*lnstnn July I
Southwark Junt 20'Nocrdland July It
EAlPIRi LIN2.
S. S.-"OHTO," frcm Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailtns* from
Seattle to Nome. Ft. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANPORTATTOM CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILX. I.EAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brarnan streets. 1 ». m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllna" at
Kobe <Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
ronnectlne at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of »»il!nr. ¦
SS. HONGKOXO SIARTT
Thursday, June 14. l!XJO
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 18. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trlD tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pa**itce apply at company's office.
411 Market str»»t. corner F'rst.
"W. H. AVFRT. Oneral Acnt.
C0MPAGM2 GSNE3ALE T&158ATLASTIQ7X.
DIRECT LHCE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,*^
falling erery Thursday Instead of •*f*[7rj^»
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. At -~>^* ¦*&.
10 a. .-... from P!»r 43. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAn^E. Jun» 7: LA LOTt-
RAIVK. June 14: LA rHAMPAHNR. Jun» ft]
L'AQUITAINE. June 23. First c!a»« ta navr*.
$80 and upward: 5 per r«nt reduction on round
trip. 3eeon<l class to Havre. 145: 5 per e-Ttt
rrductlnn <*n rounrt trin. QFTNTTRAt. AOKN'CT
FOR ITN1TET> PTATKS AND CAN VDA. .TO
Broadway tJlvAfrin tu1ldln*>. New York. J.
F. FUOAZI A CCV. Pac'flf Coast Asentm. 5
MTtirom»rv avenne, S»n rrjmfMco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:45
a. ia.; S:13. 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thurs. nUht>: Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. ra. Landing and office. Mu«lon-street Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Mala 1S0S.
FARE •*•
SENT FREE TO MEN !
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men/ -\;*
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
to All Who Write
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled- for years against the mental- and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write, it
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to tho
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, Ind.; stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will he complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated. 1 and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of. sexual weakness when
the -proper remedies are employed, . The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay
POSTUM CEREAL.
MUSCULAR PASTOR.
Muscle? luiltl'pC'n Postum r-ood Coffee
"For years I have not been able to
drink coffee, as it made me very ner-
vous and gave me a headache. No one
loved coffee more than I and it was a
severe trial to abandon its use. Nearly
three years ago I saw Postum Cereal
Coficc advertised and concluded to
try iL
"I have been so well pleased with it
and its healthful effects that I have used
it ever fince. I carry packages with me
when I visit other places.
"When I began to drink Postum my
muscles were ilabby, as my habits are
sedentar>f but for the past two years
my muscles have been hard and I never
felt stronger in my life than I do
now at iixty years of age, and I
attribute my strength of muscle to con-
stant use of Postum. I drink it three
times a day. I feel so enthusiastic about
Postum that I cannot recommend it too
highly wherever I go. Wishing you
great success, yours truly," Rev. A. P.
Moore, 474 Rhode Island st., Buffalo,
N. Y.
The reason Postum builds up the hu-
man body to a prime condition of
health is that when coffee 1 is left off the
drug effects of the poison disappear and
the elements in Postum unite with albu-
men of the food to make gray matter
and refill the delicate nerve centers all
over the body and in the brain. This
sets up a perfect condition of nerve
health, and the result is that the entire
body feels the effect of it
Michigan has seventeen soft coal mines.
There are 30,000 miles of railroad in
Asia, of which two-thirds belong to Brit-
ish India, '
OCEAft" TBAVEL.
: Pacific Coast Steamship CoT
j a Steamers leave Broadway
] S^. wharf. San Francisco:^
MS)*—, For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
Bc??^ ! V Jure S. 10. 15. 10, 23. 30. July
S£s»i?!>5B"3e>». K - Change tr> company"*
I*XF^J\W^ steamers at Seattle.
SAm&l V\l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
B&ttivli^V C). Port Town-end. fVa'tl*.
/^¦>>»|h|s»1 Taooma. F.verett. AnacortM
and'N^w Whatcom <Waf»lO—
"^ 11" a m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
30. July 5, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Peattl* to this company's Heamers
for Alaska and O. N. Rv.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. Jun»
2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 27, July 2. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Car-
ucob. Port Harford (San Luis OblspoV Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu»nemf. San Pedro,
East San P«dro flx>» An*»le«) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 4. «. 12. 1«. 20. 24. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For S.in Diego, utopplr.ir only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblnpo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjjeles and Redondo (Ix>» An*el»s>— 11 a.
m.. June 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. £6. 30 r July 4. aad
every fourth day thereafter.
ForKnsenaiia. MasMalena Buy. San Jrmm del
Cabo. Mazatlan. AlUta. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information 4 obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlrht to chnnee
stenraer?. •tailing date* and hours of sailing
without nreviouw notice.
TICKT5T OFFICB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKTNR A CO.. Gen. Atfentt.
10 Market rt.. San Francisco.
THE O/R. & N. CO,
DT=PATrit FAOT STEAMERS TO
From Srear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE S' 2 First Class Including Beri.^
rAilL S3 Second Clast and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Mils
June 2. 12. 22. Jnty I
COLUMBIA sails June 7. 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Acent.
630 Market st.
GOODALI/. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.- HCVNOT.TTT.tr, ATIA
AUCKLAND AND SVDSEV. ' -
ft. S. MARIPO3A (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. .....Wed.. June 13. 8 p. ra,
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday, June TJ. 1900. 2 p. m.
'I. D. SPRECKES.S4 BROS. CO., Acts.. <l«Montaomen
Pier 7, Poo» Tacifx st Frrt. •.»«,*•-- wt v-.i,,t «;«¦
.Weekly Call, $1 per Year
(_\!^A in the Goltffleitis, a [/
Y^^Y-^ Winchester Repeating Ri fie
IL is a grest law in itself. It will protect you and
2^S^^g Winchester
» NaN*^ P*^wfe^iS Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
J^Mv^^^^? address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
T& 1 £*g|| Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
NEW HAVEN « CONN.
h^ia^t /vS^~ 418 flarket Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE SA2S7 FKAKCISCO CALJL, WEDNESDAY, JUJS E «, 1900.
10
SAJT FnASTCISCO CALL.
BTTEnCTSS OFFICE or Th« San Fr*acl*eo
Csll. corner of Market ana Third streets, opea
ortli IS o'clock every nlpht ln the year.
nnATfCTT omCES — en llootgromexy street.
ec— ner CJsy; open until »:» p. m.
tW Ilajes rtreet; open until 9:M p. m.
(t» McAH'ster street; open nr.t'.l 9:19 p. xa.
CIS Larkin rtx***: open until 8:30 p. no l
I?«l Mie^ion rtreet; open until 10 p. m,
Ed Hisrlon street, corner Sixteenth: cpen «»-
til t p. m.
:P« Eleventh rtreet ; cpen until » p. m.
JC?« Velencia rtreet: ep»n until » p. m.
Xorthweet eorr.-r T— enty-»e<?ona and "Ken-
tucky *treet»: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEET1XG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Coun<-1! No. 2, R. Rnd 8. ft
lli . will meet THIS <WEDNnHl>AY) _J\_,
nVKNING, Juno 6. at S o'clock, for lfcj\
tiusiness and d'sn^s. By orflT of the »v
T. 1. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder. _
JJOUXT MOWAH Lodce No. 44. T. «
• nd A. M.— Stated mating THIS
iWT'DN'TSDAT) EVENING. at S ISA
o'clock. THEO. KROLICII. Sec. /V^
CROCKETT Lr*S>re No. 159. K. ar.fl A. ft
M-— Stated m«-»-ting end D. 3 THIS
June «. at 7 p. m. By r.rrt.»r of \V . M.
EX'TLf-IOR Lodpe No. ICG. F. «n>l A. n
M.-t-tated BMrttRS THIS (IVEDNES- ,-f \_
DATI EVENING. Jun- *. ax '^J\J\
o'clock. THD). E. SMITH. S«»cy. ' ~^ A
MASTER Mariners' B<Ticvo!ert Asso- 3--^,^
clsXioa— Special mf^tirj: will b* held v?<^
et hall. Ko. rco Post s:.. WEDNES- ."^__>
DAY. June 6. at 1 p. m. sharp; all "
memb<>ra are rojuentrd to t><? present for the
<^Jw%roUM-r. JuilN" JTJRS8. ISy order of
the r>n>*iC*>nt. L. TRAUXG. Re Secy.
AUSTRIAN Benevolext Society— Of- fe?5*|*_«
fleers »-ii members or^ h-rebx n Ai- &£%,&>
nod to attend your q-Jartrrly meet- i>f-**fif
lnjj WEDN_sr»AT EVENING. Jun« **vr <i '
•. 1900; also donntion and appropriation will
¦. _«."* place. Py order of
J. L. KADOVICH; President
AT7O. SriItri'LT«"Tf. Ki-<-oraing Secretary.
AJSTRO'LOGT.
PROF A. MASKRY of Kcjpt greatest astrol-
otnst and paJmltt In the world; satisfaction
punftntwii. 1j Powell gt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE lre+: fiivorce law a •peclaity; private;
no Ie« without euccrw>; collections. G. W.
HOWE, aiiy. «t law. SJ.O Market. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, ii' Market St.. room 627; all
cases; no advance charges; call cr write*
ADVICE fr»e: no charjre unless successful. VC.
W. DAVIU.SON. »27 Market Bt-. opp. Muml
l_ 8. CLARK. Emma Sijreckels b'.dg.. S27 Mar-
ket «t. ; coimltatlon free; no fees in advance.
HATH CABIMCT HOT AIR. VAPOR.
IIOHINSON JS 4-iainel fcMing; door opens; Erm
ar.<5 •»:•. W. R. BROWN. K-n. agt., 426 Ei!i«.
BELGIAN HARKS,
rr-TMtT r>Tnni TRT.
«„ Eraerscn et.. Palo Alto.
1934 Market st., San Francisco.
"We bar* moved from Lns Anceies the entire
stock of the C'Ur.ax Ribbitry. At Palo Alto
w« hav« one of tbe largest and best equipped
robWtriea In the s"tat.r. IVe are prepared to
Jill any kind of an order for either domestic cr
Imported stock.
We are the owners cf Fashoda Lad (imp.
•011 of Champion F—thcda). be rcores »L\:
Cheshire Klnc ilmj.). score Si •
We have also ether bucks from leading
strains, pcortnir from 1'j to SS.
Our stud foes are from {5 to $15.
\\> can furni'h BMjjians with guaranteed
pedigrees f rcra t^ M ud. ¦ . ¦
Mall crd«rs solicited; Fatisfartioa guaran-
teed. Oi>en evening, and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
Cajiital stock S^.OcQ.
Any frade cr strain of animal, you want
From Jj tr $;u0.
If not as r» rrrnentPd yo ¦>- money refunded.
IVe have a fine lot cf Ikslgian Hare Capcns,
from ?1 50 to 12 each, all in prime condition
fcr th* tab!*.
GliOliGE A. TOUJfO. Manager.
Alamedau Cal.
CLAP.EMONT n»'?1an Hare Association — Does
bred to Farhoda 1'nnce and Royal Rochdals.
Jl» to t^0; b»>st Ftrain younsrters, f2 to $13.
4M6 Trlegraph av«\, Oakland.
FOIi «-a'.f — Very f.r.e stock or h'ph-»-cre. p*41-
sreed Belgian hares all scored by Mrs. Bush.
IQC?*^ Etitfr ft.. San Francisco.
TRE"MONT Helgian Hare Co.. *1»4 Fillsior* st.
Fan Francisco, Cal.— F»nd Cc ln stamps for
bock en care nnd fe«£!ng.
HARE Sanitarium — Treatment of e'.ck hares;
positive enuffle cure. DR. JACOBS, 1C16 Turk.
GOLDEN GATK BELGIAN HARE C.,609 Goid-
*:. Q_ta are.. B, V-i £00 rabbits for sale cheap.
"BICYCLES- — F»r ?ale or Exchange.
HOW is this? Alien sells good new bicycles for
ii ¦. 201 Larkln et.. earner McAllister.
"NEW ••Ifvf-ianrl blcycl<-*; better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & HILL. SQy Larkln »t
GREAT bargains in tecor.d-hand bicycles; from
SS \iv: f «nd for list. LEAVITT & EILL. Sli
ijKTVir. ft.. Pan Frwnr-lyco
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
I ADULT9 w!sh hour* for care of sam* dur-'
Ing summer; reference. Box 4SS5, Call effioe. j
BOOK*: — SEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL KOOKS b«;eht ar.d exchanged.
Ho'.mes Book Co.. 701 M!*s!on «t.. near Third. |
__———¦_————————————————————-—-———» {
BISIXESS CHAXCE9. ;
A— $:2.-.O; TRANSFER corner on Mission St.. In-
cluding building; ground rent. $2u; lease of 4
ytars; first-class; leaving 'or Europe: not all
cash r«»ce«F2ry. R. G. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny. j
A— $500: COIIXKR cigar rtore with card room,
close to corner Markft and Powell rts.; a rare
chance. Call R. G. IVILKE. 26 1 * K<-arny Ft.
A— J300; BAZAR and ftatlonery; choicest loca-
tion on V*J»ncla tt.; rent $15; 2 living rooms;
great barsa'.n; owner must sell quick; Nome
iever. Cuil It. G. WILKE. "C~t Kearnv St.
A— T26?0; VEIiV best location: saloon cfose to
Powell ar.d Market Bts.; business first class;
csly patronized by best people; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. IC*^ K«-aray st.
A— $1<WO; CANDY route; estsbl. 10 years; all
o««h trade, clear'.r.g about $150 per month.
Cb'.I R. G. WILKE, SC'vi Kearny eu
A^»i»: CORNER erocery aad bar. with 4 liv-
ing room*; south of Market St.: a good pay-
Jr.g business and rare ctance. Call, R. G.
V.ILKE, IV. Keamy . «t;
A--4I30; CORNER saloon; r«nt $38; choicest lo-
cation south of Mcrket St.; p!are dulng a good
raying b-jr!n<>«8. but parties can't agree. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH K«-arr,y Ft.
A-$l*.0: CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on (ifury Ft.; low rent
ar.a eooO partas bu«!r.<-?f=: a rare chance.
Call R. G. ¦vTILKE. 2C-i Ketrny st.
tSCft— PARTNER In stationery, candy, notion j
and clear store, with billiard parlors and bar- I
l>er shop; f.ne country town; laisre stc>ck: ftna
hiifffP*; bargain. LANE & CO.. S65 MrkL
J7M — BAKHRT and delicacy; elegant fixtures;
pleacant Mvicr roorr.?; with furniture if de-
tlred; a enap. LANE & CO., C-C5 Market st
$300— DELICACY, canned poods, butter snd epgs,
f'.-un.zM llvir.fT n»m: on principal »tr*<*t: do-
ne ftteadr cash bus. Lane & Co.. SCS Market.
HlOO-y ROOMS: -well furnish-d; all full; near
Market. LANE * CO., 665 Market st.
north of Market et.; bar-
r«!n: goiin to Cape Nonie <-au«<e of sale.
McLAVGHLIN & CO.. T!V,i Market et
ISfr-BLTCHER market; established 23 years;
rood location. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. V77H
Market «t.
JTU>— 6ALOON near dty: <Jeparrur« cause of
sale. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777«4 Market
JltCO— CORNER Ealoon snd lunch hoiire: Elck-
t»>ss rauie of «a.'e. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market gt. .
t^O-BUTTHR. egr and provision route: horse,
wason; barpa'n. MeLaughlin & Co.. 777H Mkt
A— S"_~»— RESTAURANT ln country; best town
on the eottKt: o»wr retirlnp; poor health;
cleared 13009 ln 2 years. KitEIX) Ac CO.. S6
Geary st.
J7C'0-HOME bakery an<5 restaurant; suited for
¦¦i practical b«k»r with family: established
bu5ir.«t«. KRICDO & CO.. 36 iZ^ary ft.
J2TS— BRANCH tonkery: nice living roomR;
rheap rent; roor health. LANE & CO., SGS
Market ft.
AT A GREAT BARGAIN ON fTASY TCP.M8.
Modern J>-room and bath ootmj:«>. with 2 lots:
rardens, fruit tr«-s and t-hirken bouses. M.
A, nitOOKS. 12 Golden Gcte ave.
CIH JCERSriTERK'S A TERRIFIC BARGAIN.
jkw>— Comer grocery and bar: IX newly fur-
ni«liei room*: always occupied by uteady ten-
i ••- , rent JXO, with an advantageous l?ai>*; Is
offerM for 1ms than Invoice value of Block,
flrtuns nnd furniture. 11. A. BROOKS. 11
Gold-n Gate live.
A LTST WHATKVF.R A
YOi; HAVB FV»R SALE
WITH ME: I CAN PKLL IT
FOR .CAFH. PECKER. ICO Market tt.
A— RKFTAT.TtANT" 'FOR RALE—
STOCKTON AND OFARIiKLL
Cost $1*00. price *G0
DECKER. 1020 M— rk«t st.
SSOO-PARTNER wanted ln olfl-esU .".l'shed first-
class profitable cSlc« business with a well-
known business maa: duties easily acoulr*d.
O—tfornla. Investment <X «» *-t— T-«t «U
Brsrarnss chajvces— coivtijtced.
A^A.IbTENBERG" CO., 936 Market Bt
LlEt your 6tores,
city and Country Real Estate.
or any kind of business with us.
\<. e can cell for cash. ..............................
Have buyers waiting
tir.0— Branch bakery; bargain.
$450— Cigar store; Kearny st
!250— Dallcacy store; Western Addition.
' $1500— Kzrress and transfer business; estab-
lished 18 jeers.
t4S(> — Grocerr and bar; Mission; sunny rooms.
A. ETENBERG CO.. 935 Market st Phone
Folsom 13O -
A— SM-0; RESTAURANT dote to Government
wharf; rooms upstairs: owner 7 years there;
receipts average $15; meals £5c; One place for
rnan and wire: going to Europe. 8TENBERQ
CO., 925 Market st
A— $100; BRANCH bakery, candy, notions} 3
blocks from Market: 2 eunny living rms.; low
rent: eatab. many yrs. BTENBERO. 985 Mkt.
A-J300 $300 $300
Laundry Route
Fins horpe and wapon; —ill bear lnvestlga-
tlon; trial given. STENBERO CO.. 835 Mkt.
A-!.5:A-SALOON; near Call bids: must sell;
plckncss; bargraln. COWING & CO.. ~Vt Mkt.
A SALOON; dining room: 4 living rooms; near
Call bldg. ; sickness. COWING & CO, 719 Mkt.
tS60O— LARGEST family resort: 60 miles from
K. F. ; vaudeville show every Saturday and
Sunday; including house and garden on leased
rruund. 2 line barrooms, bowling alley and
hotH; latest Improvements. Particulars call
et F«--!l and Franklin Bts. ; grocery.
A RARE chance; 15,000 shares of treasury
stock at 30c per chare; payable Installments
Of Ec per month. Cortez Gold Mining Com-
pany, 207 Sansome «t, rooms 1 and 2.
TO lease— The Waltermlre Belmont Hotel prop-
erty. Address or apply to GEO. C ROSS,
Belmont.
CIGAR stand In prominent location for ac-
count of creditors; apply at once. IL POSE-
NER, of Posener & Levin. 106 Pine st.
E.VKERV; »tock. counter, Btove, table and
fhiilrs; your own price; cheap rent; cause,
departure. Box B, 200 Hayes st
12C<0 — BAKERT, notions, candy store, with fur-
niture of 3 rooms, for sale. 225 Ninth st
BAKERY to let; fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire 482 Eighth St., upstairs.
t:"*— SALOON; 2 living rooms; rent $14; coins
t<> Nome. €36 Third et
STATIONERY, notion and candy store; must
be sold; make an offer. 433 McAllister Bt.
3-CHAIR shop; paying SCO per week; Sell cheap.
Apply Ii42 Market st
$17^-RESTAURANT; worth $400; must b» sold.
Inquire Call office.
FXiUIT and candy store; very reasonable; fitu-
ated near four theaters. Box 1754. Call.
KERN County oil lands: a chance to get an
Interest ln 11.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and ret ln on the ground floor: these
lands are located ln the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK, SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
ER, Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely noQ-aEsessable; Investigation solicited.
- D. H. MOSTELLER, Agent,
Room 864. Parrott Building. 3. F.
FOR Sale— Good paying saloon, centrally, lo-
cated, paying $400 e. month: the cheapest
place of business ln the dty; call and Inves-
tigate; no agents need apply- S. M. HET-
MAN, room C2. Grand Southern Hotel, Sev-
enth and Mission sts., between 8 and 9 p. m.
SALOON doing good butlnesi; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. .Apply at 601
Market st.. corner First.
EHOESTORE for ca>; enough for 2 men; going
north. Address box 43S1. Call offlce.
CHEAP— First-class fruit store, 1217 Scott St.
corner of Ellis: party going East.
LIQUOR store dotng good bar and family trade;
in good locality; great chance. C01 Market st
To rent — For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains I stalls: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
fcuUding.
FOR rale cheap — Completa outfit for grocery
and barroom; store to let; rent cheap; lease;
Vest corner ln Mission. NE. cor. Valley and
liolcres us.
NVRSERY to lease! stock, greenhouse, dwell-
ing on place: long tenn«; low rent; Income
first day. SS3 Fortieth St., Oakland.
MOST centrally located corner saloon ln city;
doing good buslnese; reasonable; reason for
selling, going to Cape Nome. Box 4316. CalL
FOR Kale — The Central Hotel ln Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms: central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
FRUIT *tar.d to let; 416 Fourth st: low rent
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont'gy.
}lt»0o — BUTCHER butlne^s; elegant fixtures;
fine trade. Apply 213S Mission Bt.
$«5&— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
amount of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
COFFEE «nd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertlsments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsments and
suberripttons has been established at 10?6 Va-
lencla st.
LODGI.\O-H0l'SES FOR S.VI.a
10-ROOM house downtown _.
Good oak furniture.. „
Cost $800 ~
PRICE ONLY $300. Jn payments
16-room corner $1700
Hotel and bar; 86 rooms 1.100
81 rooms on Market et; only 900
25 rooms on Bush at; rent $55 • 950
12 rooms on McAllister st 400
IS rooms; fine corner: clears $150 1900
16-room house on Turk st 750
10 rooms on Jones st: clears $SS ST.0
10 rooms tin Mason 6t. ; payments 450
MONET TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSH.
TELEPHONE MINT 796.
H. C. PECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A— 31 ROOMS, clears $123. bargain $900
"<6 rooms, very fine, profitable $24C0
20 r.. clears $130. nice, boarders, bon ton. $1000
14 r., hiphly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $575
75 r., $4000, clears $:00. «7 r.. $4500. dears J2o0
12 r., $'.O0; rent $50: clean; clears $54 monthly.
141 other houses: money to loan.
M, GRIFFIN. 719 Market rm. 1. nr. Call big.
22 ROOMS, fine furniture $1300
10 rooms. Ellis rt 350
¥ rooms and saloon.... 1400
60-room hotel, must sell C000
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS, r.M, 9U Market
18-ROOM lodping-house; must b* sold at once;
owner leaving city; call and make offer.
SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market st
CORNER house: 14 rooms; finely furnished; all
rented: lease; rent $85. 219 Grant ave.; call
8 to 1 or after 6 p. m.
jlSOO— r.6 ROOMS; all rented; good location; nr.
Market; cent; rent low. BASILE, 3 Eddy Bt.
CAUIIIAGES AM) WAGONS.
WAGON— Suitable for butcher or milk man.
1330 Broderick st; paint shop.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at .'",2 Mif*ion st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harneia,
etc., cheap. EAGAN* & BON. 2117 Mission st
NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work * drlvinc horses. 15th Sk Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Occidental Hall, 305 Larkin. this evening.
Mrs. Griffin's teat meeting; all Invited; 10c
MME. MARQUISE, 6 Hyde st. holds circle to-
night st S. 10c; readings dally 10 a, m,. I p. m,
MRS. ELSIE RETNOLDS. materializing se-
ance, Wednesday eve., at 127 Ellis St.; Me.
GO to Watson, the occult palmist; lucky and
true; 25c. 1581 Market st.. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
netlc treatment 1206 Market St.. rooms 15-18.
ISA RLE, 3S) Ellis st.; seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings dally; will leave the city June 19.
VTYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 239
Ellis st.. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.. Sundays included.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: fitting. $1. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
A- MRS. DR. CLARK— Z
THE -WELL-KNOWN TRANCB MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK
st, may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will shotr you bow to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
tectlonr: unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; Bend etamp for circular
¦with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk st. near* Jones. _ ;..
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls; ha« the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c an* up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader: born with double veil & second slKht:
di&gnoees diseases with life readings; 1..., CCc;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit, $1 50J 126 Turk.
CARD n_der and Dalmist removed from Hi
Mission st. to 136 Sixth, room I.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. E23
Mission ft.. Dear 4th, rm. Z; 2Sc up; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921 1 * Mission, op.Mint.
MME. ZERBDA of 6 Seventh st. original gypsy
life reader: readings, ~c; no slim.
MME. August clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & SOc. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader:
attUncs C*iir . UFA SUth «t, — _-*
C—AJRVOYAirrS.
MME! RAVENNA 'reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. STBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
bund's picture: goc: lartlpy. 91* O'FarTell st.
"CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-857 Tehama «t. : teL 8. 40.
BANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 141
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th gt. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY fiteam Carpet Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4^3 £te\-enaon st. teU South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard: laid at 4a.
STRATTON'8. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 8S3 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 116.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KHLLTS Agency— No charge un-
leea successful. Room 810. P27 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A 4-ROOM cottage to let and furniture for sale;
large yard and basement; price $110 and rent
$9; call between S and 12 a. m. Thursday. •
Jury Bt., near Twenty-fifth and Valencia.
NEW sunny cottage; t rooms and bath; 81
Carmelite Bt Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
COTTAGE. S rooms. $15. Broad place, off Bush
*t. . bet. Hr'e and Larkln.
DEVTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket »t.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 EO up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGR W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, J2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prises; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL eet of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
fllver, tOc; palnles* extraction. 50c; gas given.
New Tork Dental Parlors, 9CJ Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144S Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
' made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting. GOc; gas given,
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
PARI9 Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Bet of teeth, $4; crowns, $S; fillings. Z5c.
EET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. TOUNO,
1S41 Polk st.
DOQ HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELTS C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for s*le by all druggists
or at the hospital, E10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore^
Advit-e and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 630 Butter «t, dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
FRENCH dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements by the day. Box 4396, Call office.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary Bt. : dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Paciflo Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine, San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (incorporated under
the laws of California), will open its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
ln the evening.
Dally clinics, free for the poor, will be held
In the college building, from I a. in, to 8:30
p. m.
For particulars address THD DEAN OF
THD MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
818 Howard et
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post rt. 8. F.—
Practical courses ln bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new &0-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market Bt.
AYRES', the leading business college, 725 Mar-
ket ct. ; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&ev».
A BOY to do office work at Ayres Business
College, ln exchange for tuition.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, e!ec mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: eet. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market
SHORTHAND taupht personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official report'era "best teacher,
best Bj-stem." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary, 510 Golden Gate.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.: cat'log.
PIANO lersons glren by lady, $3 month; us© of
piano dally for/practice. 216 Minna st
PROF. MICRKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1005. Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ledles and pentlemen. O. Sinz, 26 Geary, r. J4.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OKI£IC_S.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; til kind help.
4a Post near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell Et.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AVA^TEdI^EMaIle!
A FIRST-CLASS German oook, with best of
references; a neat young girl as second girl or
light housework: an Infant's nurse, able to
take entire charge, best of references, city or
country. MISS CULLEN'S. 226 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants position 1
as housekeeper ln widower's family; no objec-
tion' to country; not afraid of work. Box 17,
106 Eleventh St., Call branch office; phone
Blue 1554. MRS. WAGNER.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, -with son
23 years old, would Ilka position as cook ln
Camp; son to sharpen tools. Call or address
£30 McAllister st
WANTED— By a competent woman, house-
cleaning or washing by the day; 2 months
from the East; will be found willing and
obliging. Address 248 Fourth st, nr. Folsom.
COLORED young" lady would like a position as
second grirl, nurse children or light house-
work. Call or address H., 1711 Jones, upstairs. I
FIRST-CLASS nurse wishes a situation; best
of reference. Call at i Bwlng place, off La-
cuna st • ¦
TOUNG girl wishes position to assist In office;
* understands typewriting. Address box 4386,
Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes to do washing and
houEecleanlnjr. Call at $<i Freelon Bt.. near
Third.
WOMAN wishes a few more days' work to
wash and iron. Address 24S0 Geary st, corner
Lyon, first floor.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper; city
or country. Apply at 140 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman; situation general house-
work; city, country. 322 Minna; no postals.
, — . —
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
position at general housework; wages $20.
Call or address 330 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced woman
to do chamber work ln hotel cr lodging-house;
city or country. 768 Folsom st.
TOUNG lady wishes to be companion to elderly I
lady. 17D5B Howard Bt
TOUNG lady wishes care of children, not under
4 years; Oakland- preferred. Call or write
17D0B Howard st. t -
TOUNG girl wishes second work or cooking
and hGusework in small family; $20 to $25.
\ IS12B Howard et
GERMAN girl wants situation; second work
and waiting; city references. 1022 Larkln et.
RELIABLE woman desires position as cham-
bermaid at resort or country hotel. Box
4364. Call office. '..¦¦. .;¦:
MIPDLE-AGED American woman, neat house-
keeper, wishes position as such or 'cooking
for few men; moderate wages. Box 4363, Call,
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker would like
engagements by the day; perfect " fit " guar-
_ iteed. Address tnt Howard, st ' \
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER from City of Paris will go
out by tho day, $2. 1514 Geary st, near
Lajjuna. j ! ¦
TWO ladies would like to take chare* of house
for party going to th« country for the sum-
mer. Address 603 Franklin Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
cooking; wages $25 or $30. 1 Elizabeth st,
near Third.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
do general housework and cooking; wages $20
to $25; city or country; no postals. 1020 How-
arfl st., room 83.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 2&c to $1 BO nlsht; $150 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; fre» 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and pubscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at V*M Va-
lencia st Y*'>'t- '-;,¦;•' "-.'•••:-'¦'.- '?-
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada on» year for $TL
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
cltuatlonn; understand all kinds of ranch
¦work; ref. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter St.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid o£ work;
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS. 869 Mission St.
WANTED— For vacation, situation by student
to care for children or Invalid, or as compan-
ion. AddresB A. L,, 896 B. Blxth Bt, San Jose,
Cal. I •"
WANTED— By a, flret-class engineer, a position
on harvesting outfit; best of reference. Box
43S3, Call office.
STRONG young man, 19, living with parents,
would like work ln some wholesale house.
Box 4382. Call office. ,
BTEADT young man. aged 18, wishes place
on ranch; can milk cows and understands
pruning trees. Box 4397. Call office.
GOOD French cook, fully understands his busi-
ness, first-class references, wants position ln
restaurant or any plaoo. HIM Polk -t.
PAINTER, whltener and paperhanger, handy
In doing carpenter work or repairing furni-
ture, would like to work for estate, hotel or
Institution. Address F. H.. box 4373. Call.
FOREMAN— A practical man. with good
knowledge of civil engineering, wants position
on R. It or other public works. Box 4389. Call.
A NO. 1 teamster would like to get 8 or 8-
horse team to drive; mountains preferred.
Box 43C5. Call oftlce.
COOKS for ranch, man and wife, first-class
cooks; also 2 young men, 1 as steward, the
other aa waiter; references. Write 127 Turk.
SITUATION wanted by man as butler or to go
to Europe with family or with a gentleman:
can see the family; knows Europe well; high-
est references. Please address J. F-i box 4359,
Call office. !
AN experienced bookkeeper and general office
assistant, trustworthy and reliable, age 24,
¦wiBhes position with established firm; refer-
ence from lato employer. Address box 431a.
Call.
COOK, colored, wants position; 20 years' expe-
rience ln hotel, restaurant and boardlnsr-
houae: does not drink nor use tobacoo. H. A..
1006 Clay tt., room .7. _____
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm: thoroughly
understands farmlnpr ln all Its branches. Ad-
dregs E. T. BROWN, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Toung man wishes position as as-
sistant i*>okkeeper, bill clerk or other posi-
tion, with good reliable house; good refer-
ences^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmorq st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla nt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 V4 Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
ETES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. S10 Mkt.
_________
A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat ln
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A— 8-ROOM flat"; corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
A— ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improve-
ments. 2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1043
'and 1044 Sacramento st, below Mason.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard; lso flat I
rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second st
HAIGHT 459, near Flllmore— Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry; $12.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern «unnr flats; bath. yard, ban*^*
¦ ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931. 1933 O'Farrell.
NEW modern sunny flats: bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 ro # oms; reas. 19SL 1983 O'Farrell.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $S and $7. : -»?-."¦
SUNNT lower flat of 4 rooms: 418 Lily are.j
rent $10. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1120 B Turk
st. near Laxuna. : ¦ > ,•
VALLEJO, 910%— Upper flat, I rooms, bath;
laundry; garden; large cellar; complete. Key
at No. 908^4: rent $20. "
WALLER, 312 — Four modern rooms; bath, cel-
lar and yard.
$7— THREE rooms; large yard. 727 Minna st,
near Ninth. 1
$1J— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat, bath, $18. Apply 2524 California st
$16—4 NICE rooms: bath and toilet; nice yard
and cellar; water free. 1917 Geary st.
f!4— g ROOMS and bath. 1713 Leavenworth at.
FLATS TO T^ET — FUKMSHE2D.
FIYE-room flat, newly" furnished; now piano;
Devlsadero st; June 1st to September 1st;
adults; rent $30. Apply DODGE'S, 123 Grant
Avenue.
FURMTtUB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
highest price for your i>econd-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Ited 3353.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE. ;
cTr,^HANSEN^ "&TcoZ^.^!$honir<^X*W
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel, $25; 8 ¦ waitresses,
city hotel,' $20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $8 and
$7; waitresses for Marysvllle, Fresno. Sol ma
(fare hero). Woodland, Mill Valley. $20 each;
2 chambermaids to wait, same place. Lake
Tahoe, $20, free fare both ways; 2 chamber-
maids, city, $1$; woman cook, plain hotel, $30,
city; pantry girls. $20 and $25. N %
FAMILT DEPARTMENT ....
Woman to cook for men, no objection to child,
$20; woman to cook for 8 people, $25 per
month. $30 thereafter, fare paid; Scandinavian
woman for cooklnir, $25, country; ranch cook,
$25; nurs«»glrl for springs, $12; houaeglrl. Mill
Valley,' $20; German girl, Palo Alto. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st. ¦ \
WANTED— Pastry cook. Institution, $33; pas-
try cook, reBtaurant. $40; cook and wife, res-
taurant $80; lroner, country laundry, $30: girl
for general housework, country. &*'< oook on
ranch, $30: Protestant second girl, $25; second"
girl, Monterey Co., $25: 2 second girls, city,
$20; laundress for Institution, $25: chamber-
maid, assist waiting, country hotel, $23;
chambermaid and waitress, private boarding-
house, city, $20; waitress, straight work, pri-
vate family, country, $25.
Woman to put up fruit, about two months'
worH. $2 day; • seamstress and chambermaid,
$25; French nurse, $20; 50 girls for, general
housework, city and country. $20 and • $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st
WANTED— Flret-class talloress on custom
pants. Box 4393, Call office.
GIRL to assist at light housework; must be
neat. _ 2102 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL to assist with cans of child; wages $15.
Apply 1548 Post at.
GIRL: general housework; German or Scandi-
navian; wages $20. Apply 1434 Taylor St.
WAITRESS wanted. £07 Third st.
WANTED — Twenty girls to cut fruit. Apply
Christian Assn. Lunchrooms. 116. Da vis st.
TOUNG girl; country; light second work. Call
office Hotel Pleasanton. Friday, 10 a. m.
WANTED — Neat young girl to do light house-
work ln bakery. 2767 Twenty-fourth" st.
TAILORESS. good pants finisher; best wages
paid. 6*r» Kearny st, room 16, top floor.
FANCY lroner; steady work. Occidental Hotel
Laundry.
WANTED— Woman to do washing and house-
cleaning. . 1321 Mason nt.1
TOUNG . woman to wash napkins. 612 Kearny
. street,.*.--- ....-I-.-.--....-.-:.-- c. -__
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN cook, institution across the bay, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et. ,
GERMAN second girl Palo .Alto. $»! »»j
know how to sew well. MISS CULLEN. 825
Butter st. ' . - ; '
WANTED— A woman to visit small towns In
Central California for wholesale house. Box
4893, Call office. ' "
GIRLS WANTED ,-. _ __.
To work on shlrta: beginners taught LEVI
6TRAUBS & CO.. SStf Fremont it; elevator.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER on vests and finish-
ers on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
641 Market «t.
GIRLS. GIRLS. .. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 82H Fremont.
GIRL for general housework and oooklns. $25
per month. Apply between 9 and 18, 701 Brod-
erlck st., oorner Fulton.
WANTKD— Girl for general housework. Apply
838 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist ln light houwwork; food wages.
Inquire ln bakery. Eighteenth and Noe sts.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on pants.
229 FUth st. •
WANTED— Girl for general homework and
cooking. 1198 Ellis «t
TOUNG girl for general housework. 923 Va-
lencla st. - ¦
TOUNG girl for general housework; $15 month;
good home; 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 2307 Jackson.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 10O4A
Goldnn Gate ave.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework and
mind child; $10. 247 Oak st.
NEAT girl for general housework; wages $15;
sleep home. 776 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework; 8 ln family;
wages $12. 1431 0'Farrell st.
"WANTED— First-class skirt hands. 1514 Cali-
fornia st. * V
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hand on ladles' work; one
who can do operating preferred. 2302 Howard.
WANTED— 2 young lady compositors. WAL-
TER TELTON. 24 Montgomery st
"WANTED — An experlenoed apprentice on cus-
tom-made coats. 410 Kearny Et., room 27.
TOUNG girl' to look after 8-year-old baby;
wages, $6. U7A BartUtt at '
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and housework.
Apply 7S6 Union st.
WANTED— An experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton st
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; also ex-
perienced apprentice. S04 Tehama st
WANTED- Girl for light housework; wages $10
to $12. -80S Twenty-fourth at
GIRL wanted to learn halrdresslng; also xnanl-
curlng. iAO Stockton st., near Poet
GIRL for general housework; 2 ln family and
infant; references; wage* $20. 1242 Unden
¦t. Oakland.
WANTED— Dressmaker!! JOE ROSENBERG.
11 OTarrcIl st
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices j wages learning. 509 Kearny, r. 3.
GIRL 16 to 18 years to assist with light house-
work; wages $8. Call mornings 2003 Pine st
GIRL for light housework. 8631 Seventeenth St..
near Doiorea. .
MORE jdrls from 14 to IB to learn cigar mak-
ing; pay while learning. 3*03 Eighth st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl on custom coats.
S3 Ninth st.
3 CHAMBERMAIDS, who can wait for dinner,
first-class city hotel; $20 and found. See party
at 1533 Valencia Bt.. bet. 2 and 4 Sunday.
OPERATOR en vests; steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market at. .
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 124 West Fourth
Bt., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st, bet. 13th and 14th ats.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8V4 Antonio St..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. oft Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres* Business College. 723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A -BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
~ HELP WANTED— MALBj
AT C R. HANSEN _~CO.'8....104 GEART ST.
100 teamsters and laborers for Coast Railroad.
$2 a day, free fare
$50; laborers for S. P. Company work, $2 a
A&y, board $4 60 a week, free fare,
¦" Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 day; ranch
blacksmith. $45 and board; wagon maker,
country shop, $2 50 day; harness maker, $2 SO
day; cooper, $3 day; 2 coopers, slack work; 2
blacksmith helpers, $150 and $2 day
Man and wife, private place. $40; gardener,
private place, $25; gardener, country, $20; 6
quaitz miners, $2 50 day; 4 muckers, $2 day;
20 farmers, different ranches, $1, $1 25 and $3
day; 2 farmers, same ranch, near city, $1 25
day and board; choreman, summer resort $20;
6 milkers, $25 and $30; 10 quarrymen, country,
$2 25 day; 20 laborers, city. $1 75 day; 10 labor-
ers for the woods. $30 and board, fare ad-
vanced
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $50 to
$55; cake baker, country shop, $45; third cook,
. springs, $30; baker, - country, $40; 2 broilers,
restaurants, $35 and $60; broiler, hotel, $40; 6
cooks, city, $35, $40 and $45; dishwasher, sum-
mer resort $25; dishwasher and potwasher,
same hotel, $20 each; 20 dishwashers, pot-
washers and kitchen hands, 520, $25 and $30.
Barkeeper for springs hotel, $43: barber,
country, $50; waiter, springs, (25; 2 waiters,
same country hotel, $25; waiter, $30; ( wait-
ers, city. $6. $7 and $8 week; upstairs porter,
hotel, $25; bedmaker, springs, . $18: bell and
elevator boys, city. $10, $12 and $15. C. It
HANSEN - CO.. 104 Geary tt.
A— DISHWASHER for springs, $Si! C. R.
HANSEN fc CO.. 104 Oeary st.
RESTAURANT pastry cook and baker, $40;
restaurant cook and wife, ISO; cook for steam-
er, $45; broiler, $50; hotel second cook, $33;
night cook, $8 week; hotel waiter, $25; dish-
washers, potwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT Agency, «28 Sacramento st.
10 STOUT laborers. $40 and board; 15 laborers
for company work, fare paid. J. F. CROS-
ETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st -^ •
AMERICAN man and wife, private family, $50;
2 farmers for good ranch, San Mateo Co., $30;
8 milkers, $30 and $35; driver for milk wagon.
$50; 6 teamsters for lumber company, $60;
wheelwright for ranch, $35 and found; black-
smith and woodworker for ranch. $30 and
found; 2 blacksmith' helpers, $2 60 day and
$35 and board; 8 miners. $2 50 day; car man
for mine, $30 and board; muckers, $2 day;
stableman, private stable. $15 week; stable-
man and can washer, $30 and board; ma-
chinist for country. $3 day; 10 laborers for
mill and woods, Sonoma Co., $30 and $35; bark
peelers, $45 and found, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st
WANTED— Elevator man, $40: blacksmith. $#>;
2 yardmen for railroad. $1 80 day; 8 carmen
for mine, $2 day; teamster for mine. $2 day;
10 orchard hands, $26, fare paid; ' bakers
helper, country, $30 and found; deckhands, $46
And board; ohoremen, country. $22 E0; 4 labor-
ers for quarry, $25 and board; 4 miners, single,
$2 50 day; 2 muckers. $2 day; 10 farmers. $30
and $35: 10 haying hands, $1 25 day; black-
smith, $40 and board; 10 woodchoppers, 90o to
$175 cord: sawmill men. $30 to $40. "W. D.
KWER & CO.. 610 Clay gt ¦
A* "GARDENER, country, $20; oook, Cathollo
Institution, across tho bay, $35; a man to
work on a ranch, Ben Lomond, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter st __*
A Janitor. $20, Institution. MISS CULLEnI
328 Sutter tt ¦ »
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Fre« employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Boy H to 18 years who understands
something about the grocery business. N. E.
cor. Twenty-fifth and Bhotwell sts.
TWO good men familiar with sheetlron work
and lathe work wanted at once. ' WALTZ
SAFE CO.. 103-111 Market st.
COOKS for ranch, man and wife, first-class
cooks; also 2 young men, 1 as steward the
other as waiter; references. NRIBE, 127 Turk.
WANTED — A cook for pma'J restaurant: must
have his own tools and cdil early. 1912 Cen-
tral avc. 1 • ¦
"WANTED— Strong boy from 14 to lf> years old,
tf learn trade. Apply superintendent THOM-
Arf DAT COMPANY, 725 Mission st ;
WANTED- Ilright, active boy about 17.. Apply
7:30 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st
WANTED— Boy to Iearn harness making. Ap-
ply at J. DEUTSCH & SON. 1403 Polk st.
YOL'NO man to work with good coatmaker;
answer at once. Box 4390. Call.
WANTED— A blacksmith. Apply 64 Rtchland
avenue. . .
WANTED — Man to-be srenerally useful around
. Kitchen. Hotel Repeller, 7S1 Sutter Pt.
WANTED— Toung man to wait on table; $3 a
-week. 233 Blxth st.
WANTED — Good waiter, to go to the country
Call 422 Third Bt. _^ ,
BARBER wanted; steady work. WM. FRITZ
1128 J st, Sacramento. Cal.
"WANTED— Four good cabinet makers; union
f — ages paia^ _UBsioa #v -
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— COOPER. 13 day; woodworker. M «> day: •
laborers for mine company, fare 0O0, M> and
found; 12 elngle-hand miners, fare |2 50, *60
GROCERY CLERKS. BUTCHERS. ETC...
Butchers, *35 and found; grocery clerk, see
boES here, *30 and found. MURRAY &
READT. 634-636 Clay at. I
A-MURRAT & READT.. ..PHONE MAIN 6343
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents
7;WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of California, Utah. %\ ash-
inffton. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon. E456 MEN | ••••
FREE FARE and office fee {1 and no ether
expenses to Log Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 5:30
p m.. for the S. P. .R- R-, laborers and team-
is&aB&£i$i£SRgi_!ij
Header wagon drivers. $2 day and found; 2S3
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work ln
fields, header men. etc. $1 2j. Jl oO. $2 day
d?_S^S^-^SS^^ :^
; :... gardens ::;••:•,:•
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. |10, J3o.
iw' vmeyard and oro'haVd * hands. 135. $il $26
89 milkers for different place*, *3o. $30 and
found; 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boes here. $33 and found: a cheesemakers. dif-
ferent Jobs, $25 and $40 and ftond..." ••"••jji
Men and wives J60
AGAIN WE PAT TOUR FAREb
TO 25 SAWMILLS. E^BC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED. ...
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found • :;A""*"i
also lumber pilers. bark peelers, $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers. Jackscrewers, Dana
a sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills woods, etc.. $S0. $73. $30. $120, $80.
$50, $40, |30 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, toota and food found, some at mines,
$3. ii 50, $2, $160, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Jointer; shingle packer .-•
MECHANICAL HELP
10 laborers to build flume, $30 to $40 and fd
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day $60.
$70. $45. $35 and found; also 0 helpers. $12 a
week. $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, car-
riage-makers, $3, $2 50 day. $40 and found, $60
and found; 2 bollermakers. $3 60 day
....S. P. ii R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE... MINES... BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required.
TOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found: 29 miners, single-hand $M and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
8 milk wagon drivers, city Jobs. $30. $25 and
. found
FOR A NEW MINE
„ laborers, no experienco fare $2 £0, $31 and
found; « men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
265 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50, $2, |1 T5 day; many dty Jobs, to board
home '•
For other positions come down and retid
billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free Far*
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen ?2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY. «34 and 6S« Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
8 bakers, city and country shops — $40 and $30
85 cooks, reetaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $33 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $33 and found
washer country laundry, $30 and found; bar-
ber to run country shop
porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' helpers.
$30 $33. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay et. •
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE— YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work ln a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work ln packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches bo water can run down be-
tween vines, etc ; wages $26 per month and
found; steady Job year around If you are will-
Ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits. $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work ln
a factory. $3 to $3 week. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 63S Clay st.
A SPECIAL
4 haymakers, same ranch, $1 25 day and fd,
harvest wages will be paid. 50c fare, call
early; 3 boys for machine shops, city. Id
Italian laborers. $45; 10 ewampers, $35 and
VERT IMPORTANT
Cook. $30; also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
cooks for ranches and hay press
men for factories/and foundries; polisher,
h«lp starch, $35 and found, country laundry;
16 laborers for a mine, $$0; 12 muckers for a
mine. $eo.- steward. $13 to $17 50 week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and S36 Clay st.
—
WANTED— First-class machinists. UNION
GAS ENGINE CO.. 244 First St., city.
TOUNG butcher to do deliver orders and help
around the shop. 1424 Howard st.
BOY as wrapper; state experience and wages
expected. , Box 4334. Call office.
WANTED— Bootblack. 1201% Polk st; steady
Job. •
•WANTED— Bootblack. 54 Third tt
BARBER wanted: steady. US Fourth st
BARBER wanted; steady. 11 Blxth st
GOOD young barber wanted; steady. 1739
Union st.. corner Octavla. ,
WANTED — Two waiters; good wages. 106 Seo-
ond st.
WANTED— A first-class barber; steady Job for
right man. 2O7H Montgomery ave.
WAITER; young man. Capital Restaurant 206
McAllister st
THIRD hand bread baker; wages $40 aad board
and lodging. 9UH Larkln st.
WANTED— An errand boy who can read and
write. E09 Kearny tt, room L
TAILOR and presser at 423 Ninth tt. Oakland:
steady work.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SMART man to solicit: steady work; good
wages. 918 Market st. room. 42. 9 to 11
TOUNG man to drive wagon who understands a
little about cutting meat 1S2S Hyde. st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for tale; must tell at
once. Box 4S21. Call.
SOBER, strong man for all-around work; mar-
ried German preferred. Address J.. SIS Larkln.
WANTED— Strong young man accustomed to
filling orders ln wholesale grocery house; give
age and reference. Box 437S. Call office.
VESTMAKER3 wanted to work at home. 102-
104 Battery st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced crockery packer; give
reference. Box 437S. Call office.
WANTED— Retail clerk familiar with grocery
business; give age and reference. Box 4377
Call office. '
WANTED— Two first-class salesmen; none need
apply without experience and reference; good
position to right people. Box 4375, Call.
WANTED— Strong young man as selector In
wholesale crockery house; If worthy can ad-
vance himself. Box «374, Call office.
BARBERS— 3-chalr ehop for sale; established
JO years. DECKELMAN BROS., 1C6 Ellis.
BARBERS— A good shop for sale at a barsaln.
Apply 911 Larkln St. *—"•
OCULIST or rraduate optickn ; elderly person
preferred; $30 per wk. Address box 177L Call.
GARDENER to cut roses and flowers; good
chance for married man. 1211 Polk st. * wv *
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d stsT
A 2-CHAIR 15c barber shop; north of Market
£ AR'fri, ys^e-ntT's-t*-
,t P>Ck frUU aPd Clgan
W* ANTED— Strong steady boy who wants to
learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkln «c
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eicht weeks; day and evening
f !f!V "P** 1 * 1 Inducements this season; only
institution ln the world teaching this trade-
¦g£*. of M$_d?S U _!K3_8 'SS___5e m1 S
Clay st.
INTEIXIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. 813 Market st. room 47.
BARBERS— Good-paying shop l n nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
M £ X T> t0 i earn barb «rtns and halrdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howarl at.
"^"i^^JF 1 *-"-*- KOod llv ely solicitor; big money,
loo Ellis St.
WANTED-La borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House •proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cagh prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ordIn *n' seamen and rreen hands;
*U parts at world. HERMAN" _ 29 Bteuart
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between tfc»
ages of 21 and 83 years; not less than 6 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch la height;
must be citizens of tho United States or per-
sons who have Isjrally declared tnelr Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cat. or
630 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
FEMSIONS— GEO. IX CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
—years' practice; Examiner bid?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre«
'bus anfl baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. K0O Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
THE sixth lot of 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just ln; from J20 up; « blacks. 2
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
ft.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugries.
carts, harness. Orand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction- sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORgES — Young, well-broken, for all purposes.
cheap: best ln city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
FOR* rale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DA_-
ZIEL, Vet. Dentist. tC5 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale cheap— 3 business wagons; also 2
strong buggies. 19 City Hall av>.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Itat* bouses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 ¦Montgomery.
GROVE. 720 — Four large sunny rooms, or 3:
bath, gas, yard, garden and laundry.
HOUSES TO LET — FUIl.V ISUED.
LARKIN. 707, nr. Ellis— Flat 5 rooms and bath;
3 double beds: gas stove; ccal stove: hot
water connections: >27 ot>; refa. required.
CALIFORNIA, 171L near Van N*>ss ave. -10-
ronm houje. completely furnish*'!.
LOST AM) KOliSU.
KOTCROOK~lost. containing the name of B.
E. WILHITE in each note it contains. Finder
leave at 1043 Market St.. Yosemite HoOMt
and receive reward.
LOST— Aluminum card holder containing cards
and papers of no value except to owner; suit-
able reward at 533 Kearny st.
LOST— A brown and white spaniel. Pleas* m-
turn to 1373 Harrlaon st. and receive reward.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, small white Japan-
ese dog; 1 ear brown, 1 brown spot on side, 1
dark eye. 1 light. Return 830 Geary; reward.
LOST— Brindle greyhound bitch. Return to J.
OSIIEA. 17th ajul Vermont: receive reward.
MEDICAL.
BH O. U " "VT^Cr i)ONN ELL* the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed ln S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
lCISH Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure J3; have treated thousands of cases with
success; maternity home; low fees. lC07Va
Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs".
practice: home in confinement: treatment at
office. 13; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, lad'es" specialist— Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $T,; consultation fre«
and confidential. 1122 Market st.. bet. Mason
and Taylor; office hours 9 to 5. Sundays 10-4.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. VZS Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lato
scientific methods; treatment. $*>•
Dr. James Pierce, 2CS O'Farrell, rooms 2 and 3^ —
Female specialist; home or office treatment *3.
T. S.— DR. "WISE & CO., the ladies' specialists.
111S Market St.: every case guaranteed: *5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsoaa st MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. *rt"OXG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Maacn st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH tt WOLI 'MAS. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furnltur* and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
v, can ship everything ln 2* hours. J. NOO-
NAN 1017. 1019. 1021. 1"23 Mission st. abov«
Sixth*; write for catalogue.
THE UNIVERSAL
PRISMATIC
SKTLIGHT
REFLECTORS.
A new and excellent device for throwing day-
llKht into dark rooms through windows; th*
best ln the market. W. HOLT, sole agent,
room 8. Flood building: telephone Davis «41.
A— BUT9 sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
AT a bargain— Nearly new 2-horse piano and
furniture moving wagon: all lettered; pack-
ing and sliding board Included: must sell; go-
in! to Xome. Inquire R. C. 220 Seventh at.
LARGE safe and store fixtures suitable for
Jeweler or pawnbroker; bargain; prominent
street. Apply 94S Howard st. trunk store.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
1100; concert records. J2 50. BACIGALUVI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— W 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. »1 73. Pop-
nlar Price Hatttrs. S30 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FOR sale— 100 shares stock of Monarch Oil Co.
of Arizona. Address box 4391. Call office.
PORTAELE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 123 B^ale.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; as* >
months. 829 Howard st. .^ j
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; I fire aad burr-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main St.
SECOND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump; S-ta.
steam. 6-ln. water. H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIf
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
FULL line cameras and photo suppMes; telling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
"WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 13 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD - BRECK. 131 Post st
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet, 'ath and l'Xh.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machine* bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fir* and burg-
lar proof safe. 21* California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SATTES — New nnd second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
"WANTED— A bitch ln milk, having whelped
since May 23: will pay J5 for one month's
lease. Apply J. M. HALTON. Pasha Kennels.
Colma,
SECOND-HAND, large size billiard or pool
table. Address box 1733. Call office.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a few nlc*
diamonds. Box iZl\ Call.
MONEY TO LOA.V.
HEIRS to unsettled estates ln probate can re-
ceive cash at once: also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt <!ealins: no
charge unless lean is granted. EyUITABLU
LOAN CO.. room 603. Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; f!r*t.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates,' legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. Jlrst floor. Chronicle bMg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgage. and legacies bought: no de-
lav- get my terms before doing business else-
wnere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?. Jewelry, at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third st.
ON real estate. J*t or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or planoa; nr> removal: any aaiuunt-
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2S Montgomery!
MO&T reliable place tf» borrow on s diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.'
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; m> removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
AT 12fl • Kearny. room J respectable- private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowe«tSAILED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT3,
TUESDAY. June 5.
Btmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Bragj.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 5— Stmr Oceanic.
from Queenstown. -
SAN DIEGO — Sailed June §j-Stmr Westport.
for San Francisco. • _ -¦»«'¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jane 5— Br ship Bat
tle Abbey, for Pert Pirie.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Hopkins Expedition to Japan.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 6.—
President Jordan and John O. Snyder of
the department of zoology in Stanford
University will sail to-morrow on the
steamer Gaelic for the purpose of making
a collection of the fishes and insects of
Japan. They will be assisted in Japan by
S. Kuwana, an assistant in entomology in
Stanford, who sailed to his native country
on an earlier steamer; by Keinosuke
Otake. a graduate of Stanford, now a
teacher In a royal academy in Tokio. and
by James F. Abbott, also a graduate of
Stanford, now teaching in a Government
school at Otsu. The expedition Is under
the patronage of Timothy Hopkins,
founder of the Seaside Laboratory at
Monterey. It 1b hoped that a full survey
of the fish of the islands may be made and
a generous collection of other forms of
life are expected.
Picnic at Plymouth.
Speclal IHfDatch to The Call.
PLYMOUTH, June 5.— A very enjoyable
picnic and May festival was given here
under the joint auspices of Forest Parlor
No. S6, Native Daughters" of the Golden
West, and the Catholic ladies of the town.
A parade In which were many beautiful
floats was one of the most interesting
features of the day. The marshal of the
day was D. Burke and his assistants were
Misses Mabel Wheeler and Emma Boar
man. The committees were made up as
follows: Executive— Mesdames Shields,
Ball, Burke and Slavich; tables—
Mesdames Sevey. Steiner and O'Toole; re
freshments — Mesdames ; Burke, Steiner,
Kepnart and r>onan.
Death of Edwin Mosher.
Special Dispatch - to The Call.
PALO ALTO, June 5. — Edwin C. Mosher,
City Marshal and a leading citizen of Palo
Alto, passed away at his home on Mar
guerite street this morning. Mr. Mosher
was one of Palo Alto's earliest citizens,
having lived here ever since the founda
tion of the : town. He was born In Nova
Scotia 34 years ago. Mr. Mosher belonged
to the KniKhts of Pythias. Woodmen.
Fraternal Foresters and Workmen. An
infant son survives him.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
M H Cohen. XT (Mr & Mrs Mitchell.
C Forman, L Ang ¦ Yokohama
J E Bourke, Chicago IR H Ensign. Conn
D O Pierce. N T iG Trimble. Leadvllle
S O Freer. Chicago JG Frisbee. Leadville
Mrs S O Freer, Chicago C. G Betton. Boston
A H Mallory. Chicago Mrs Betton. Boeton
D Rosenbaum, Etktn jMrs G Cutter, Boston
Mrs W Kohl. S Mateo It H Morley. Luzon
Miss Kohl. S Mateo ;R M Ma.th.ias, Luzon
H C Wallace, Tacomi Mn J Curtis. Portland
Mrs Wallace. Tacoma !J M Haley. Chicasb
F C Davidge. B C A Prusel. X Y
G W Hull. Arizona G A Smith. S Lak«
J A Chanslor. L Ang IJirs G A Smith.S Laka
M Gold water. PrescottlE C Emery. Pa.
J G Coffin. L Ang [J F Toussaint, N Y
Ludwig Stein, X Y ;Mrs Toussaint. N Y
G Llppman. Philada IJ A Clark. X Y
W McClintock. Cal [Casey Edwards. X Y
J Holmes. Pasadena. E A Wales. Chicago
F K Reeb. L Ang C Ballentyne. Honolulu
Mrs Reeb, L Ang E Block. X Y
P J Murray. Philada H Smith. X Y
J G Chapman. Colo Mrs H Smith. X Y
C D Simons. X Y Miss Consrev*. X Y
C D Simons Jr. X Y D Mefone. Oakland
Mrs Stevenson. Menlo A Longini, Chicago
W W Chapin, Pacto Mrs R Halloran, N M
Mrs D Miller. Sacto Miss Halloran. X M
G S Simmons, Sacto L G Beers. Conn
Miss Clement, Sacto J Hatch, S Jose
Miss Mitchell. Yoko
GRAND HOTEL.
H A Long. Willows .J McCndden. Vallejo
J Rummelsbunr, WntrslMIss McCudden Valjo
W G Duncan & w. Cal-W T Buxwell. USX
L J Evans & w. Xapa 'H S Tittle. 9 Barbara
E B Dawson. Stanford iL> B Bowman. Honolu
H L King, Cal J D Ludwlg. Mariposa
W H West. Cal Miss RIeke, Kentucky
J W O'Connor. Cal Miss Carrie Rieke. Ky
R R Veal. Martinez J C Campbell. Xev Cty
J E Bouquet. S Pablo J L Lundy Chicago
E M Freeman, OakldjH A Bell. Sacto
W E Moldmp. Cal O X Steele. San Lais
W F Burke. Cal Dr J A Archer. Xevada
A Leigh. Cal R S Miller. S Cruz
L Metz. Sutter Creek C Van Valkenberc. LA
A J Hudson. Fresno W Vaugh. N J
J D Matthews, Tucson ;H J Seymour * w. Cal
H Isaacs, Los Ang | Mrs J C Hoover, Denvr
M Wiley. X Y A M Gates. Ka!amazo
W A Maxwell. X Mex G E Kennedy. Cal
Mrs W C Brown. Minn W F Price, S Rosa
Maud Brown, Minn H L Johnston & w. Cal
Miss J McPhail. Van- Dr T J Carrier & w,
couver San Jose
Mrs J R McPhail & sn. G J Owen«, Cal
Vancouver ' P E Fenruson. Berkly
R J Currey. Dixon W C McCIosker. Cal
F P Primm, Redding T Cutler. Eureka
J H Hibbard. S Jose A J Laison. LodI
F M Graham. S Jose W A Ha»brook, Conn
C O Dayton Jr. Cal H Casey. Sacto
O S Spencer, Overton J C Hall. Sactr>
W C Gregg. Honolulu M C Howard. Cal
J F Brown. Sacto I A A McCulloch. Stkton.
J F Toussaint. N Y !
XEW WESTERN HOTEI*
J K "Williams A w, X R Huntley, Cal
Stockton J B Smltson. Tulare
James Rodman, Md R X Thompson, Tulare
W J Newman, Md Chas Finberr. Cal
J R Amherst. S Rosa Santa de Coloma, P I
J P and W P Truman. G R Harrison & w,
Petaluma • Stockton
F Gay. San Jose Joseph Stoppe. Cal •
J J Hogan, Boston X R Sullivan. Wash
G Clement, BrentwoodjV B Jenkins & w. Ore
Ell Worthlngton. Cal I T Curaham. Chicago
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gussie M. Broughton to Charles Rothschild,
lot on S line of Halzht street. 136:3 E of
Pierce, E 25 by S 112; J10.
Crocker Estate Company (corporation) to
Celestine C. Rowe, lot on N line of Frederick
street, 100 W of Co!e, W 25 by N 100: J10.
David and Emma Emerson t<% Antone Versa
lovtcb, undivided half of lot en X line of Beu
lah street. 156:3 W of Shrader. W 25 by N
137:6; $10.
Fisher Ames (trustee) to John and Henry
Peters, lot on SW corner of Seventeenth and
Eureka streets, S 149 by W 125; J4714.
John W. and Eugenie A. McGowan (wood)
to same, same; J10--
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to
Michael Mullany. lot 2S3. Heyman Tract; J10.
Natalie or Natale Ferogiari to Mariano Tor
torici. lot on W line of Bannan street. 117:6
N of Green. N 20 by W 68:9; $10.
Amelia and Abraham Aronson -to American
Bonding and Trust Company of Baltimore, lot
on X line of Union Square avenue (Morton).
206:3 E of Stockton street. E 22:11 by N 60;
also lot on X line of Union Square avenue,
1S3:4 E of Stockton street. E 22:11 by X 60 (to
secure stay bond for); $.o00.
Estate of David P. Marshall (by Emlle B
Marshall, executrix) to Anna G. Ruggles (wife
of James D.). undivided half of lot on N line
of Vallejo street. 137:6 W of Taylor, W 45 by
X f-S:9; $1500. •
Lizzie C. and Frederick H. Lefavor to Xellie
A. Handy, let on W line of Forty-seventh
teenue, 100 S of I street. S 75 by W 120; $10.
Xellie A. Handy to George Spaldlng, same;
$10.
Peer Tiffany to Mary Tiffany, lot on XVT
line of Mission street. 173:8 XE of Twenty
ninth. NE 151 :4H by N\V 100, lots 23 to 25.
Tiffany and Dean Tract: also lot on NW line
of TlfTany street. 15S XE of Twenty-ninth. XE
107 by XW 80, lots 35 to 37. Garden Land Home
stead; gift.
Emma Matheson (wife of Joseph). Katie Les
ter Lillie. Laura and Lewis Boele to Peter
Smith lot on W line of Mission street. 235
X of Xineteenth. X 25 by W SO; *S0.
Estate of Frank W. Frank (by Donald J. Me-
Kav executor) to Louisa Erdin. lots 37 and £9,
P V. lands, as per Haley's Map. Jots 319 to
839; J500.
Alam«da County.
Elizabeth Bruhns to Georsre and Meta E.
Jund. undivided half interest in lot on SW cor
ner of Laurel street and Broadway, W 116:5, S
59:3, E 101:4, N 61 to beginning, being lots 24
and 25, Webster Homestead Union, Oakland;
110.
Same to same, undivided half Interest in E
line of. Telegraph avenue, a." widened. 150 X of
Temescal avenue, X 100 by S 200, being lots 27
and 2S. Map of Temescal Park. Oakland: $100.
Central Bank to Charlotte A. French, lot on
X line of Xinth street, 150 W of Kirkham. W
25 by N 100. being the E half of lot IS, on Map
of plat 3C5, Oakland; $10.
H C. Hleatt to Ella Hieatt. lot on W line
of Chestnut street. 150 S of Thirty-fourth. S
450 W 145. N 100. E IS. W 850. E 127 to begin
ning block 676. Watts Tract, Oakland; also lot
on E line of Adeline street, 100 S of Thirty
fourth. S 220 by E 127, block 678, Oakland; Rift.
Henry and Barbara Abernethy to Elizabeth
MacDonald. lot on N lin» of Russell street. 175
E of Fulton. E 50 by N 134:«. being lot 17.
block G, on Map of S portion Blake estate, in
plat 69. Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley;
$10.
Hannah H. Jones to Eleanor E. Haines, lot
on N corner of East Twenty-eiehth street and
Knox avenue. NW 125 by NE 155. being lots 1.
2 and 3 block 6, Knox Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
Home Bullalngr Company (corporation) to
Anna T. Croissant, the SE 50 feet lots 11 to 14,
Map of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10. _
Bridget M. and Patrick L. Baasett, Ella D.
and B. Schali (by Clarence Crowell, commis
sioner) to Oakland Loan and Investment Com
pany, lot on W line of Brandon street,, 200 X of
Lloyd avenue, N 25 by W 100. being lot 31,
block B. Frultvale Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1S27.
Charles -W. Wilkins to Fred E. WHkins. lot
on XE corner of Jefferson and High streets,
X 46:8 by E 100, being lots 9 and 10. block 62,
on Map as surveyed by J. T. Stratum in 1S53,
Alameda: JS50.
Joseph Maristany to M. SimlnofC. lot on SE
corner of Alameda avenue and Oak Btreet. S
150 by E 150, lots 1, 2 and 3, block T, lands
adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
Jeremiah Browning to Jacob Browning, lot
on W line of Grand st. 140 N of Santa Clara.
N 165:S. W 342. S 115:8. E 152. S 50, E 130 to
beginning, Alameda; $10.
Fred L. Button to Caroline Ann Moskeman,
lot on W line of Chester street, 123 X of Third.
X 50 by W 125. being lots ?> and 41. block F,
Bay View Homestead. Oakland (quitclaim
deedj : ?10. *
Caroline A. Moskeman (widow) to Antone
and Carrie A. Sousa. same; $19.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Blance de Bergon de Larouzlere. lot 173, in
plat 38. Mountain .View Cemetery. Oakland
TownshlD; *123.
Builders' Contracts.
Gertrude S. Bower* (owner) with J. O. Oran
nls (contractor and architect)— Installing a low
pressure steam heating apparatus in a. four
story brick building on lot on SW lino of Cali
fornia and Battery streets; I42S1.
Will Celebrate the Fourth.
PETALUSIA, June 5.— At a meeting of
the City Council this afternoon it was de
cided to hold a big celebration of the
Fourth of July. A liberal donation will
be made by the board and a committee of
the leading citizens appointed to make all
preparations for one of the grandest cele
brations held In this city.
Trustee Charmak Resigns.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Large Confirmation Class.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, June 5.— At a meeting of
the City Trustees held last night Trustee
Charmak, who has served as Trustee and
part of the time as Mayor for eighteen
years tendered his resignation on account
of removal to Sacramento.
WOODLAND, June 5.— A class of sixty
two will be confirmed by Bishop Grace at
the church of the Holy Rosary next Sun
day. Elaborate preparations are being
made for his reception.
YOKOHAMA. May 19.— The prevailing
anxiety in international matters is just
now turned away from Korea and Russia
and is centering upon the Pacific Coast of
America, the anti-Japanese feeling there
engendered owing to the recent great in
flux of the islanders occasioning much
press comment. The situation as to Brit
ish Columbia excites comparatively little
alarm, as it is believed that the Govern
ment there will maintain its strong stand
against any restrictive measures. But
much fear is felt lest the supposed exi
gencies of the coming election in the
United States will lead to hostile action in
the way of putting an embargo upon the
entrance of Orientals generally. It is need
less to say that any measure which would
class the Japanese with the Chinese would
deal the severest possible blow at the
friendly relations which have always ex
isted between Japan and the United
States, and would seriously imperil the
now rapidly increasing commercial inter
ests so important to both countries. Not
only is it a fact that the Japanese are
almost as different from the Chinese as
are Americans from the Turks, but also
there is scarcely any point upon which
this exceedingly self-respectful people are
so sensitive as they are upon the persist
ent Ignorance of the West in the matter
of such distinction. Should they now be
lumped with the Chinese by any official
action of the United States, the result
would be disastrous in the extreme, and
it would be many .years before the exist
ing cordial relations could be restored. It
may be said, also, with perfect truth that
there is no real cause for alarm, even
on the part of the Pacific Coast States.
The present influx of JaDanese is a merely
temporal and abnormal increase of the or
dinary tide occasioned by the undue activ
ity pt the emigration companies, an activ
ity which the Government is "Already sup
pressing- with much vigor. In the great
industrial development of the empire, and
in the opening of Its mines and various
other resources there Is practically no
problem of surplus population. Any re
strictive measures on the part of America
just now would therefore not only be
unwise, but entirely unnecessary.
Assertion That the Present Influx of
Immigrants to America Is but
Temporary and No Harm
Will itesult.
Little Brown Men Consider
That They Are Superior
to Chinese.
JAPAN WOULD
MUCH RESENT
EXCLUSION ACT
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 23.— The changes In
the legal .status of the labor conditions
on June 14 have caused plantation man
agers to take initiative action to protect
themselves against inimical organizations
and Japanese strikes.
The example of the planters of. Maul
and Hawaii have now been followed by
the Planters' Association, which has ap
pointed a committee, consisting of W. M.
Gifford James B. Caske and F. A. Schaef
er, to facilitate the co-operation of labor
supply stations on the different planta
tions. A general labor convention will be
held on June 4, when delegates to a labor
conference, to meet when necessary, will
be elected.
The Japanese have been misbehaving
themselves considerably of late on several
of the plantations, and it is very evident
that they have disaffected leaders behind
them. It is anticipated that difficulties
may to a great extent be removed by the
new labor organizations as outlined. It is
also thought that the conditions and
wages of the laborers may be improved,
either by co-operation or otherwise.
The Republican convention commences
its sessions to-morrow. Quite a propor
tion of Its delegates are native Hawaiians.
Alexander Carlsholm, a native of Nova
Scotia, aged 56 years, died unexpectedly
on the 25th at the Queen's Hospital, after
having suffered about six days with mala
ria. A post mortem revealed the fact that
he had a swelling under one of his arms.
The gland was cut out and is now being
examined by the bacteriologist for plague
bacilli. Xot wishing to take any chances,
the Board of Health decided to cremate
the body.
Two more quarantine stations will be es
tablished at Hawaiian ports as soon as the
new laws go into effect, and the local gov
ernment will be thoroughly relieved of the
task of sending- a physician out to board
all incoming vessels. The new stations
will be at Hilo and Kahului.
6n account of the failure of the Marl
posa's engineer to obey the signals sent
to him from the bridge on the 25th as the
steamer was leaving the Oceanic dock she
backed Into a navy scow that was lying
at the railroad wharf. The accident was
witnessed and the crash was heard by a
large crowd on shore, and It was thought
at first that the rudder or propeller must
have been injured, but on investigation
the Mariposa was found t« be uninjured
and proceeded on her journey. The scow
was badly broken.
An explosion of thirty cases of dynamite,
supposed to have been caused by an incen
diary fire kindled by a vengeful Japanese,
caused the death of a Japanese named
Yda> about two miles from Hilo on the
24th. He was blown to pieces and the
house in which the exp.oslve was stored
disappeared altogether, leaving only a
hole in the ground. Okamoto. another
Japanese, was arrested on suspicion of
having committed the crime, and on the
25th he hanged himself in his cell.
Believed That Conditions and "Wages
of Laborers May Be Greatly
Improved by Co-
Planters Organizing to Pro
tect'Themselves Against
Inimical Societies.
JAPANESE ARE
TROUBLESOME
IN HAWAII
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALIi, WTED^STESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
11
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates
(Successor* to Flannagan A Gallagher).
FUNKKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALilERS,
20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. r
HENRY «!. GALLAGHER CO..
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
, Commencing April 22, 1900.'
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *8:30. 9:30. li:0O a. m.1
12:45, «l:«, »:1S. 4:15, "5:15. «:«. 6:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •*:«>. »}:M, 'WzOO, 11:00, ll.-J*
a. m.; 12:45. »l:30. 1:30." «J:45. 6:00. f:00. 1M
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafasl Sua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCT9CO.
WEEK DATS— «:S5. •»:». 7*0. »:40. "19:13 a,
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *J^0. 4:30. 8:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *I:4S and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS-«:U. •!:•», *»:50, 'l^OOa. m.; »i2.-«9
m.: 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:10. '5:45. «:45. 7M. 16:24
¦ p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DATS— 6:53, «:45. 8.C0. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m.; 12:S5 1:45. 2:43. S:30. 4:J0. i:i0 p. m.
EXTRA i*?.IPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a- m.: 1J:1S,
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:15. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
. : THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. week days— Caradero asd way »ta~
tlons.
S-.15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and way iu.
tions.
5:15 p. m. 'weekdays (Saturday* except »d)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a, m. Sundays— Caxadero aad way sta-
tions.
12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations.
MOXEY TO LOA7T.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
trrvie*; money direct: lowest imprest. Rooms
6a and CS. Donuhoe building. 1170 Mxxket st-
LOAXtS made on furniture at 1V» per cent; also
lr>ar.* to talarled people. HARSHBARGER,
SS EilU tt.. room 34. y
MONEY loar.ed ffalarie.i people without security.
HI1-L. ;xu. u. Merchacts' Kxcbajige. 431 Calif.
XP salaried pecrle; BttbOBt security- all butl-
_^g*_cO"fi^<-nt.ial^Touslty Co.. S21 Parrctt big-
CAfcH loaned to salaried people on note without I
lnicrser. MOHltELL. COS Examiner building.
ON furniture, rlanct, ¦without removal; no
coramii-fic.n; rrtvate. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your jr-perty if r.iortpa^red sr.d you noed
more aon. y see H. MURPHT. GX> Market st.
TO sa.!iri« .1 ntcn without collateral or iniorser. I
! . F. r» i .?"ount Aper.cy. H3 PheJan building.
MISICAL IXSTHCMEXTS.
IiARGAIN'S of ail kinds to-daj" at HAUVAIS •
TO Market rt.
%\ E always sell at lew prices, but durlr.g Jun«
¦» effer Fpecial bargains to every one: large
ttock. Ixxi quality. 1IAUVAIS. TCS Market.
DECKER & PON. Tackard. Boothe Bros, and
Arlicgt^n are the I'lano^ we effer as the best
fcr.d cheaj>ft. MAUVAIS. TGi Market ft.
A MAHOGANY Curiat. rood a- new.
A walnut Weber, tired xery little.
A Mmlaot Eterlias. t^etfiuaj size.
An oak Stirling, slii-htiy used. *
A walnut Vose. from rental stock.
A ms.V.car.y Everett, Fplendid condition:
An *:>rr.l7.ed Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
Ac «k Kincfbury. eoc«J as new.
And rnar.y others, from $S4> up- t°rn» liberal
BrM. OURTAZ & SON 15 O : Farr^r> "t
Oh'.ckerir.g. Steck. V..se. Sterling Agency.
AS we represent the best make of planes !n
evrry grade, from Eteitiway down to low-
rnc-d maiee. and as our Installment pay-
meets are easier than these of other dealers
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; e«w urrlpfct pianos. J6 carh, $¦:¦ per
mor.th: ether pianos $3. {4 ar.d 5; t>er mr.nth.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Ste'.nwaV D™as"™
<-cr. K«irr.)f and E:\itt »r sts.. Sar. Francisco;
cor. Thirteeath and Broadway, Oakland.
AnsOLUTTLT the oldest ar.d largest honse
we-t of Chicago 1s KOHLEU & CHASES,
««. Zt and SO O'Ferrell st. : pianos, organs and
aJ other musical instrumer.ts of all grades
ar.d prices; terrr.s easy; prices lowepf. every-
thing possible 4one to please ar.d satisfy the
curtorr.er.
BARGAINS— A few planes will be sold this
¦*eek for storage: ofTers wanted (cash or in-
ftailnents). Wilgca't Storage Co.. 1H0 Mrkt.
ECAUTIFUL cabinet grar.d upright piano must
be 6old Immediateiy 03 accourit of r-^iova;
from city; t!S5. Rc«.m 12. Flood building.
ORGAN— Powerful reed or snail pipe organ
was:ed; atate rartlpclara. Box 43S4. Call.
6TEIN"WAT upHght. $TSS; installment*. S3, $3.
HI : rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 1M Ellis st.
PTXE Krel! upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. W McAlllrter st
REDUCTION*! cale: new piano*. $5 payments;
for rent, U up. BRUENN. 208 Post »t_
BOHHER & CO.. Byron M&ciy Pianos. 2CS to
ro Post st_
GOOD Fischer: great bsrga'.n. SCHMTTzT"!*
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bar.k.
W. G. nAPGnR. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Frar.c'.s Bacon and Hallett & Davis p'.anos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n*w. H.
Mt'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Laxham place.
A WEEKS r.ewr for I c»r.ts. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. Is wrarP* 1 ?. for mailing, tl per year.
OFFICES AXO STORES TO LET.
LARGE Etrr»-s and 6unny offices near Hall of
Jostic*. PABIN. 413 Kearay st.
OIL LA>DS.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE AND TO LEASE.
We fcave choice rfoj-ertles ar.d will assist
Tarries to organise ccmt'ar.'.es and secure
car'.tsl. AMBROSE HARRIS and T. A.
BELL, room* 611-13-11. Examiner building.
PALMISTRY.
MM E. Neergaard. Prea. Et. Oirtain College of
i Mimietry; reads 1 to 8. C16 Geary, nr. Jones.
TT JEROME. FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 815
T&ylor «t.. bet. Geary & Post: phone Black If 1.
¦fPEMOSiXg.
%'J- REWARD for any Information resorting
UBS. HAMMAN*. sxed 22. about 5 fe<?t 4
inches tall, dark complexion, dark brown
hair and eyes, weight about 11" rounds: last
teen wearing black si!k dress ar.d j-iraw hat;
restaurar.t men ard eraplcymect mi-n please
take notice Send information to WM. HAM-
M A N. 7^ fixth st.. Oafci^d.
l"SE LJIlle Webb'« »oap. made from California
clix-r of!«. roots and herb*; 2C"C at drue^ists;
¦ m.trezi* w»nred. II? bet. S & 10 a.m.
OO TO LEDERER,
Ttu P<;u:ar hairdresser:
f hi* but one price and always
i. •¦ c* you the Ttgy latcrst styles.
} •:•• uses Quintonica hair tonic. Sic bot-,
tr.i Faasio £harEpoo. »c pkg.
0. LEDERER, 123 STOCKTON ST.
7'--B.»Bir:?" ehr-e* t"r S5c a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO.. .717 Market vx., near Third.
PA3AUTEXS positively cured, also nervous,
5k:r. and lung diseases, rheumatism, CEEifica-
t:cn and stiff Joints; no drugs; no knife. DR.
L. J. STRATTON. CC7-i0i Parrott bldg.. over
Etnp<^rtcni. San Francisco; consultation free.
IOCTOR wanw position as aesl?tar.t to physi-
c'.tn: J3utt rr.ake exj>enses. Box 43C7, Call
effice.
12 V> LATIEf 1 ' f hoe« for n E0 a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO., 717 Market M.. near Third.
MME.ADA cures r.ervcus prostration, insomnia.
bliridr:*-*?. Bright* e disease zr.Z repture when
all other* fall; see this vor.-ierftil. gifted
healer; she Trill cure you. 1343 Howard, cr.lOth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 looms;
T< to II 50 per right; tl » to M per week:
free 'bus and bE«rajre to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING- all di«*-»i.««^> are curable: WITHOUT
L'Rl'GS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tion free. PR. WM. SCHMITT, Post Bt
AN f!enr.t ru'.t fcr $10 75 from imported or do-
roetrtlc remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 M&rket et_.
between Seventh and Eighth.
*CSE L'P.ie Webb> rosp. made from California
olive oS!*. roots and herb*: lC>o at drugrirts.
i:i.-= FHELr-ON. chlr^rodlst ani mairnetlc
treatment. EiO Market St.. second floor, rm. 37.
G. D. MORPE. ph^>to»rraph«jr. 3^ Pacific ave..
between Pierc* and Scott; phone Steiner 3351.
IF vou wlfh full value for Vour ca^t-off clothing
call 0B B- COHEN. 157 Third: teL Black 4123.
LADIES' and rents' castcT clothing bought and
mtd. Sllvenofca. SS4 Fclscra. tel. Folsoai 1131.
FT'LL-PREFP «b1 othw Fuits bocrtt: also old
inld. Portland Lr>a_-i Offlce. a Stockton »t. j
HAIR quickly curled cr wave! by ustng Tal- j
celt's Curlinr Fluid; 25c b'-ttle; druggists.
CAPT-OTT" clothing, old gr>ld end sliver bought; |
*»n& pogtaL COLEMAN'C. V*> K*ea.my st,
PHYSICIANS A3TD SURGEOXS.
FREE treatmeat I month to Introduce our fa-
aou remedies. DR. POPH A CO.. t» Turk.
ER C. C O'tONNELL— Offlce and re«ldenc«. .1
1OH Market tt.. bet. Sixth an! Pever.th.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SCPPLIHS.
V?E loan"7codalc» free; photo rappUes. Backus |
rtudlc. 11 O^sry «t.. rround floor. j
KI.AL ESTATE CITY — KOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWKUU
10 MO.VTGOMERT FTKEET. |
MARKET-STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall: 27:Sxl37:«; a cplendid oppor-
tunity; crly J<3.t00.
H-STREET FRONTAGES
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate price* and on easy terms; get parti-
cular*, at offlc*.
f PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. .
C7 500— PaciSc-ave. residence; eiejrant modern
re»id'enc<- : 17 roorna. 2 baths; £!1 arrangetnems
for m.n up-to-date boaie; lot 27:«xl22:6.
$&.jO— <xrtavla et., near Broad»ay; two-Etory
r»tldenc* of I room* and bath; lot 13x137 :6;
renu ***. V |jarMEMT.
j40 c/w— Tfclrd-«t. comer; 137:6x1X7:6; etore and
r.ats- rood improvement*; rente 'KZO.
llT.'bK— Folsotn-»t. comer; manufacturlns cla-
•Hrt 3 fror.t«e*; rtnts 1175; lot l0dxS7:t
cj,rv f _i{»nt» 1113; Castro-st. comer; »tore«
"ri fiat*; lot £0xV).
AN OFFER WANTED.
*J2»— Rttcli «t-: 6 fiaxs: rent* $41 CO; lot 22xS3.
$f, >03— Rents f€6; Natoma «t.. near Sixth; coal
yard and < fl**s above; lot 27xT5.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
J27S*— Richmond district: entirely n*w; 2 cot-
t;^n-: modern in every re*peet: eaey terma.
tZZM— Sunset CUtrSct; 2 handsome new mod-
em residences, jurt corcpleted; 6 rooms aad
bath ard basement; lot Kx020; easy terms.
HI, -a,— pine gt.. near Buchanan: good tno<J-
*rn r»»ld*nc». 1» room* *nd bath: up-to-date
tiumbliic; electric IJjrtsw; lot .2Lxl37:«.
VACANT LOTS.
jriCO— Van Nes* ave. ; corner; 52x109.
US irt<>-Pr«B'<!lo UrlKhta: corner; W:txW:t%;
C»-e trarlne view; choice residence let.
A COTTAGE n: THE COUNTRY.
»J2S6— Mill Valley cottage, i rooms aad bath;
nartlr finished attic; large let; will trade tor
cTty "property- BALUWIX & HOWELL,
MODERN house* and fiats built at lowest
rrte»# • clans and estimate* f crnlibtd for a. I
bSSc* work. CAMPBELL. 11« Mission a*. ,
REAL ESTATES— CITY — FOR SALE.
EAETON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
e=S ilARKET STREET.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL XEW HOME.
noo cash— Balance installment loan at 6 per
cent; 6-roorn house, porcelain tubs, birds-
eye maple tiled mantel, dome ceilings, 2
bay-windows, iron fence, cement bulk-
head and Eters; every modern Improve-
ment; on Dolores st.
WILL TRADE FOR ALAMEDA PROPERTT.
J5500— Residence of S rooms and bath and base-
ment; lot 2€:2xllO ft.: Steiner St.. near
Haight; $3100 mortgage can remain.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$CO0O— Elepant modern residence, 8 rooms and
bath, basement; every modern Improve-
ment; porcelain tubs, tile mantels, etc.;
on best block on Scott at.
A LOVELY ARTISTIC XEW RESIDEXCE
AT A BARGAIN.
J600O— Reduced from tTCOO; 9 rooms and bath;
finished basement; every mortem improve-
ment; en Cole st.. near Panhandle.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
tlSOO cash— Balance on installment*. $34 per
month; Oleyton Bt.. near Panhandle: 2
new fiats, € and 7 rooms and bath; every
modern Improvement; rents HO per month.
$7500 — Rents $S03 per annum: 3 new elegant mod-
ern flats of 5 rooms and bath; flne man-
tels, frescoed dome ceilings, etc.; Ash-
bury *t., near Panhandle.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
tSjOO — Rents $£64 per annum: C fiats of 4 and 1
rooms: lot &Cx75 feet, i . >ar Sixth and Fol-
eom sts,
$3500 — Rent* JKI per annum; 6 flats on Welch
Et.. near Fourth.
$C100 — Rents $567 per annum; 6 fiats. 4 and 5
rooms; lot 23:8x75 feet; Clara at-, near
Sixth.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$7C&— Clipper Bt.. near Noe: M.SxlOO.
SlUXh- Lvok st., near Pcs:; 25x100 feet-
JIS.'O— XatTna st., near Seventh.
t"j>G — Tehrnna St.. near Fourth: 25x75 feet.
j:«?0— Pa*:e St.. near Cole; 25x137:8 feet.
?3<<W— Corner en Washiscton st. ; 30x100.
Jii'j and upward— Fine level lots on Hyde Bt.
car line; email amount cash, balance In-
stallments; will build to suit on terms.
EASTOX, ELDRIDOE & CO..
63S Market street.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOK sale at a bargain — In Cottage .Terrace,
within *i of mile of Stanford University, a
block ISyxJiO; fenced, with variety of bearing
fruit trees; aiso 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lots 27xl££ at Mime place. Address S. S.
TOWNSEXP. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 21&.
FOR $150—1 will locate you on a gold bearing
quarts ledge and 20 acres of land In Tuolumne
County. Bax 4271, Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvEIiPJ.VG.
AVERT, 6, ¦ off Geary, near Fillmore— 3 sunny
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
CHESTNUT^ 2SC1. North Ceach— Furnished
i houseke<";ing room; cheap; fine view; tunny.
EDDY, 917— Xlee runny connecting rooms; fur-
nished; no children; private residence.
EIGHTH, 21 — Two housekeeping rooms in rear;
rent $6.
FOLPOM. 6TS— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
FOUKTH, 2!5— Nice. large furnished room, suit-
able fcr housekeeping: also single.
HOWARD, 704— Xice. sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
HYDE. 4CS— Punny front parlor, with kitchen
complete for bousekeepinK.
I ilARKET, 1S3S. between Eighth and Xlnth— 3 ¦
I many unfurnished front rooms, water, $15; i
I 2 furnished, $8.
! MARKET. 1524 — Large front sunny bay-window
! room, neatly furnished; rent $12; telephone.
[ NATOMA. £2—2 furnished housekeeping rooms; j
I *« month.
¦ NOE, 1Z1. near Market — 2 sunny bay-window j
rooms, mMern flat, for housekeeping; $12.
OAK, U^— Sunny front room, furnished for
housekeeping, $5; large basement room, same,
yard, $£.
pns?T, J>f2— Punny housekeeping rooms, $15 and
K 1 ): other sunny rooms. $7 and $1').
THIRD. £2S— Elegant suite, suitable for young
couple: use of kitchen and bath If desired; j
rent reasonable.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10^6 Va-
lencia at.
CLAPFIFIED advertisements, and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. tsrV) Fillmore st. j
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Inforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 1*3 Sixth— Rooms
2Sc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA, 233 Post— Sunny corner suites to
gentlemen and families: references given: ele-
vator; all conven'ces; turists accommodated.
BURNETT. nr« Market st. (old Xo. 1364)— Fur- j
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. I
CLARA. Jr 3 -*. . near Fourth — $5 month; large J
runny furnished front room. - I
FOLSOM. MS, corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant j
sunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLPOM. 965. cor. €th (Trie Oliver)— Xewly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEART. 405 (The Xavarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; traveler* accom'dated.
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 1213— Furnished rooma;
housekeeping and ethers; gas and bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK 'HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 60 to $S P*r week.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KIXG, Turk and Taylor. I
HOWARD. £25— Rooms frqpi $1 week up to $3; j
£0c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms. ;
LARKIX. 1004, near Post— Xewly renovated, |
finely furnished, sunny rooms, single. $5 and
$S per month; double for 2, 19 and $10 month;
bath; light housekeeping permitted^
LARKIN. 1537— Flat of 3 handsomely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; $14.
MASOX, 602— Nicely furnished single room*.
MASON. 1314 — Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms; all conveniences; $6 and $7. -
MINNA. K7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, |1 per week; transient.
XEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Xicely furn.
rms.; S^j night, up; $3 week, up: transient.
O*FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; electric llghu; day, wk.. mo,
POLK. 717— Two separate famished rooma, with,
bath, $5 and $6. '
POST 783— 2 large evnny room*, furnished or
ur.fuYnUhed; everything new and clean.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms., suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. S19 ar.d 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to II: week, 11 25 to H: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per nlKht. Kc to $1 60: week »2
to I": month, |« to $20: elevator on nfftce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. r.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth et..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. IIS Third — A i?r»od rooming house-'
for good people. R- HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD, 843— Large front room. H; single. tS.
TURK. 1SS— Two nicely furnished rooma.
TTTRK. US— Funny Binrl" room; $6.
ROOMS AAD BOARD. .
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rate* families; sunny rms.
en suit* or single; beat table in San Francisco.
MARKET 1043A *Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rma..
with first-class board: double, $10 wk.; single,
i:S mo : modern: elevator: table board, $1 wk.;
meala.' 2Sc MP>S. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HAIOHT. J32— Sunny rooms, with or without
board.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market st -Suite of 2 or 3
„,,«.; private: bath; sin, rms.: yaard optional.
UOO31S AXD BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and lodging during summer for two
EdulW and two children, outside of dty.
where style Is of secondary Importance. Box
4jt72. Call effle*.
ROOMS 1VAXTED.
bedrooms in priT&te
family fof father and daughter in neighbor-
hood of Folsom to Market, Second to Fourth.
Box *2'JS. Call office. S^3§£ I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••CTHKK* FACIVIC COMPACT.
frAcirio ssstkm.)
TnlM ¦*»*«• »•¦•* »r» <*-» tm »rrl»» M
NAN llltMIISKO.
iSlain Line. Foot of ilirket Street)
t*AY» — moM Mat IX 1303. — HUH
•7iO«* BnMt. SuUun, Elmtrx V»e»»Cl».
Kurr.s-j iu i .iicr«i:irnvi *?r43p
•7:t»«A Shuta Kii-.m-Ujtu Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Wtilovs, U<*1
Hiufl. l*«ift;atul. »7i43»
•7sS» a MarUnex. Sail lUtno.Villtio. Nip*. -
C»Ji«t-*B. aiui Aaulft Hot* *«sl3r
•S:OOa Darfe. W<*xli»nd. KuighU Landing.
MiXjiri.le, Orofi-Io. «7jI3?
•voo* A-.ltuti- I'.xpress- Oplen aad Kwt *1!>I3a
•V-3O4 S»4 Juse, Liicruiirr. Htucktoii.
lone. Sacr»mout». PlaefTviU*.
•!>r«**i!kr. Chico. i:*l KluII Mil-1r
•!«:3Oa ()•*.!«>, ChiaeM (for TuoemlteX
S .uors- Carter*. M«l."»r
•0:00a Hijwar.l* .\ilrsaud Wij fitttionf. •! 1«I3«
•;»:«>i>» Los Assies Express — Mirtiues.
1'recjr, L*«trop. Stockton, Merctrd
and Fresno *««43»
•<h»« V »;!•)¦... Marlines au<1 \TiiSi.:lnin ••t4.tr
•IO:OOa Tan OTerUiul LI tni tad— Ozdea. Una-
fer. Omaha. CBicM> # 3>l!»»
•11:00a Nil-s, Lireritiore, Stockton, Sacra-
m-u'" MenduU, llwifurd. VUall*.
rVr:««ilia # l»l»r
•!*:••* I!aywar>!a. X:ln4ud Waj Station!. •* = «-1r
tl:«|t»r S»w-r»»»ielit«» KhOT StMKirl* 13:O<>«
•3:t»Or H <j«»»r !». Nilrs&ad Way Stations. *ai»r
•|:««r Martinet. Man llatuou, Valfojo.
Nap*, r'ailatug*. Sai.U Ucm *Vi13a
>lt»p H-ni.-i* Winters. Haeruueif a,
\Vi>...i!»m.1. K»U!>U 1-audiGx.
M*ry»ti:ir. (>r<>«i!l« •••:»*»
•4:3t»rNUes, Kau Juseam! Sl-?eitOD *7iia»
•3:OOrTlier Owl Limited— Ttxcj. Fresnoi.
IUkcrerieK). H*:iftu f r SjuiU Dar-
bara. I** A..«:->» ••«<»*
•3>«*p Fresuo l'aasen^rr— Martinrs. I«th-
rop. Stoeitoa. Mt-r »•!. Ber«nd»
(Raymond for Ycwerafa). r rt«.io.. *I3: ISr
•lilor New ftirnxa Express- ItaktrsrtoM.
Hauta U»ri>*r*. i • » Ati(;!ts, U«m>
int. El Paio. New Orleaua aud
EjuI 'SilS*
•»iltf Mtnu P» ll'M.!*— AtUnUo EiprMS
f .r Mnjnr* and Ra*» 'Bill*
•S:«9r Hsywarda. N'iies and laa Jc4> TI'J
!o:O0 r Vallejo *Hil»r
•n i o«r oriental Mail- Octal. Cbefeno*.
Oniaha. CLlngo •ll«43*
••••Or Orlei.tal \Ui;-O|d«. D»u»»t.
Omaha. Chicago MllSr
t7i**P Vallojo, Port I'oiU and W»j St».
U<Hil «, Jt:»3P
•9t«3p Oreaim and C*li!»rr.t% KtprM*.Has<i
mmeHt.i. Mar-*...>a IU.I<llti(.
V.^tlm.,.1. 1'ii.t-t -ti ¦>. .1 att.l V.mtl ilHt
(Ol<r PlflHfM (Marion 4.a»*r).
(Toot <t Mirkrt Streel.l
t?>43A 8anta Crus Excursion for Santa
Cruz and IV.n ¦!. »: Way Stations !&<*8r
•9il!»« Newark. « -uti-iti..-. --in. I.. »». *r.t-Ti.
h-.mMrrCi. ««.«.». *< f.z« t :.l Way
8Utk>ns »«J»Cir
|2:l3p .Vf»ii», CanterTftl* Can .!.•>«. Nsv
Alinaiion, Folton. ItnuMer Cr~tk,
8a»ia t'rn and rriccipal Way
Stations t»«:»*a
•4:l3p Newark. Dm Jare. U-m Ga'oi «»«.-»»4
at:l3rGienwood. Feltoo. Santa Crax «»j.V>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSH flUiliU-r.-ii tf U.rktt lUuiiS.ij?) —
•7:l» »0O US0i.ll. 11:C3 '2:53 t3:M
M:C3 15:13 •8::3f.«.
ri«al»ilL413-»«i t-ltu J««t.— "C00 8 00 10:00*. K.
ti3:S3 *i:3: n:3 »3::3 t*-sa •»:>.¦.
(DIM IUTInIUN (Itrnad Uaaire).
(lhlr,l ai.q To«men.l Sto.)
t«ll«A Ocean Vlsw. Houth Su Francisco.. t«:3»t
H:0U« Nsii Jose ami Waj Statluiin (New
Ah.ii.1".. We<lna*<lajti>H>r) *1>S9V
tTiSwA Sunday Excursion I r Han Joae,
i<anta Crux. Pacific Gro*« and
Principal Wax Stations ;»:3.1»
•»iOO» Hau Jaaa, Ttm TUmm, Mania Cruz.
Pacille ••[¦**«. I'asa Ki-Mrt, Sau
>.<>ia <)l-n|>». Surf. I.ompoc and
l'rineiiwl W*y Mt»tl.«ia '*:int
•l»il»» San J as ami Way .station* *":3^4
•11:311* Kan.)»sr.LasCatO3<ii^MVa7iUt:ons *3::SOp
f*:«-"»r.««:i .Matr,.. i: c a«no.I. Mcnlo V\tk.
Palo Alto. .Santa < :»ra. .San Joas.
Tres Plnoa. Hanta Cr«. Salinas.
V..i.-ne> «¦¦•' 1'acid: Cro*« tli»:Mi
f»:li»p'iM.Ini»».i.| Way Htatluns •T::t<»p
t I:l3r San Jaaa %n-\ Trircipai Way Stations *9:*5«
t3:«OrS«n Jose, Lo* Gato* »u«I Princl;»i
Way Stations " «»:OOa
•3i3Or ."an .l..s»» . . i'rnc.ri! \Va 7 Stations MtSSa
•«:MF Saa Jos* a»<! \V»y Stati.)D» !«>:•'»*
«ll:43r San Jo»ean.> Way H>Atloii» »?:^f»r
A (or Morniiti P for A fternoon.
•Daily. t »iin<1ar etee?t*d. I Sunday cn!i
I SitnT.lay only. • •
aS»tur<1»T unii «-- '-• 'iT»n<t Mond»?
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAX FRA^JCISCO TO BAN* RAFAEL,
"VCTEK DATB— T:». »*0. 1L00 a. m.: 12:0.
1:30. 5:10, 1:30 r>. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:S0 n. m. Saturdays— Extra trtr* at 1:W
and 11:10 rx m.
•UNDATS— 8:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:SO. 1:30.
• :00, S:20 o. m.
SAN' RAFAEL TO SAV FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:53 and C:S5 o. m.
BU>."DATS— 8:10, «:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40,
, 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Betwe«n Baa Franrfaeo and Bclmetxa Park
¦am* schaduls as abov*.
Leave J In Effect. I ArrtT*
Ban rranclsco. [Ayr. 13. 1300-1 San Francisco^
Week I Sua- I I Pun- I Week'
Days. I days, f Destination.] days. ] Days.
7:30 ami t:00 sm! NoraU wT« am! «:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petalama. (:C5 pm:iO:2S am,
t:U prnj 6:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:>3 pm. i:K) pra
Fu'.wn.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:25 is
Heald«burtr-
Lytton.
O*y»prril!e.
S:S9 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdole. 7:t3 psi <:29 pra
T:JO ami I Borland I tVHB am,
S:X> pm| S:00 ami and ITitlah. | 7:33 pmi (:20 pa
.1 >am! )10:S am
I I .-CO am . Guernerllle. 7:35 pmi
1:30 pm! I «:*0 pta
7:iO am! !:0O ami Sonoma t:15 ami 8:40 am
1 and ,
1:10 pmi 5:0» pm| G?en Ellen. «:C5 pm] t:T> pra
7:80 ami 1:00 ami !19: 40 am 10:23 aia
1:30 pmj S:00 pai! Sebaatcpol. ! 7:U pmj «T> pra
Stajres connect at Panta Rcsa for STarV W»st
Frrtnsrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyserrtl!<? for Skacss Sprlnxs: at Cloverdale
for the GeysCTs: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Hlrhland Srirlairs, KelseyvlHe. Carls-
bad Sorlnirs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Fprings: at TTklah for Vichy Pprincs, Saratosa
Springs. Plue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Eprlngs, Ucper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucksell's.
Sanhe<Jrln HeiprMs. Hullvllla. Orr"« H5t
Pprtncs. Mendocino City. Fort Bras?. West-
port. Usal. Willlts. LaytonTllle. Cummins.
Bell's Spnnrs. Harris. Olaen's. Dytr, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rr-nni trlv tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday rrnind trip tickets to all petats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. SoO Market it.. Chronicle bldfc
H. C. WIIITIKG. R. X. RTAN.
General Maaacer. Oea. Pun. Areai.
o cUU i s
I^002 i
I Philadelphia i
8 A\D RETURN via O
I Santa Fe I
1 Route... I
o Tickets Sold June <5
g I2th and 13th good %
n to return 60 days. 6
I Office, 628 Market St. 8
o * £>
g< 4s
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAT.
Leave San Francisco Tla Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS.... 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 anrl 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS....?, 9. 10. 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco tr» Summit and return. $1 40. ,
NEW TAVZRX OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(!'J">KKArt.Vtsl Kstaoltahed
In l«*3 » tor the treatmensof Prirata
Diseoaes, LostMuihn.^ D-biUly or
di.<ease» r earin« on body and mind and
.-km Diseasra. Tb« doctor cBreswnen
otbersfalL Try him. Charge* low
»urf«ensri»nti'f I. CallorwrltA
Or. J. *•- blBUU.N. Box l»S7.San Vtmjtdm^
•: DIED.
Blanchfleld, Gertrude Marion, Michael J.
Cummins. Rev. John McGonlsle. Dennis
Fitzler, Fred E. Moyle. Jirnr^ Wm.
Fester, Fred W. Muller. Katharlna
Geary. Jeremiah J. Mulrey. Eva
Heise, Hermann Murtha, Patrick
Henderson, Carrie A- O'Connell, Josephina
Henneberry. Mrs. C. Paddon. George W.
Hermann, Ferdinand Rosenbaum. Emll D.
Ingertila. Albert Rowe, Eliza A.
Jure*. John Sibley, John M.
Laeey, Charles H. Stronr. Harriet A-
Lesroune. Frank Sutcliffe, James
Loomis, Kate A. ' Tlearney, Auretta
Widen. Richard G.
BLANCHFIELD— In this city, June 5, 1900,
Gertrude, beloved dauehter of Timothy and
Mary Blanchfleld. a native of San Francisco,
agred 5 days.
CUMMINS — In San Leandro, June 5, 1900, Rev.
John Cummins, father of William T. and
John T. Cummins. Mrs. Charles H. Hale and
the late Adley H. and Leonidas H. Cummins,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged SI years 4
months and 15 days.
C7Funeral services at the Methodist Epis-
copal Church In San Leandro to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock. Interment San Lo-
renzo Cemetery. '
FITZLER— In this city, June 4, 1900, at his late
residence. 43TVi Bryant street. Fred E.. be-
loved husband of Kate A. Fitzler, son of Lena
and the late Joseph Fitzler and brother of
Charles Fitzler and Mrs. Frank Boradori. a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 9
months and 1 day.
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Thursday^ at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 43S* Bryant street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall, where services will be held under
the auspices of Rincon Parlor No. 7J. Native
Sons cf the Golden West, at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. *
FOSTER— In this dty. June 6. 1900, Fred W.,
beloved husband of Mary G. Foster, a native
of England, aged 52 years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GEARY— In this city, June 4, 1900, Jeremiah J.
Geary, a native of the city of Cork, Ireland.
8r E7"The "funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence ttA Guerrero street. Interment Hol>
Cross' Cemetery by electric funeral car. No
carriages.
HEISE— In thi« city. June 4, 1900, Hermann,
dearly beloved husband of Adelheid Helse,
and father of Mrs. John Wohlers. Mrs. Her-
mann Bencke. Mrs. Herminie Kuhlmann
Mrs John M. Steffens and John D. and
Henry Helse, a native -of Bremen. Germany,
aged 68 years 11 months and 4 days.
r7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<VVednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his con. John D. Heise. 552 Valencia street,
corner of Seventeenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In OaXland. June B, 1900, Carrie
A* beloved wife of T. J. Henderson, daughter
of" Harriet T. and the late Joseph Pray and
sinter of Mrs. F. E. Miller. Mrs. E. A. War-
«„ p -\y Pray and the late Joseph A. Pray,
a native of Massachusetts, ared 23 years.
HENNEBERRT-ln this city. June 5. 1900.
Catherine, beloved wife of William Henne-
rxrry and mother of Ella, Acrnes. Thomas,
Catherine. Lizzie and Maud Henneberry a
native of Ruthmullcn. County Donegal. Ire-
land, aged 44 years 5 months and 12 days.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CURTIS— In Alameda. June 4, 1S0O, to the wife
of F. G. Curtis, a daughter.
PETRIE— In this city, June 3, 1900, to the wife
of James C. Petrie. a eon.
SCHANZ-^ln this city. May 16. 1900. to the
wtle of Emil Schanz, a son. £
TUTTICH— In this city, June 4, 1900. to the
wife of It A. Tuttich, a son.
McMANUS— In this city. June 2. 1900, to the
wfie of J. F. McManua, a son.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 18, of
seventy-flve cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company, has been
declared, rayable at the ofnee of the com-
pany. 430 California Et., San Francisco, on
June II, 1?00. Transfer books close June 4,
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Sectary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Wallace L. Clark. 23. 1S11A Hayes street, and
Cora E Brown, 23, 1307 Fillmore street.
Fred Nulimeycr. 26, 140 Fifth street, and Anna
Besthorn. 23. 1107 Seott street.
William M. Kennedy, 36, 1123H Powell Btreet,
and Alice B. Green, S'i. 1123Vs Powell street.
John Kinlo^k. 50, San Francisco, and Ella
Bennett. 43. San Francisco.
John B. Tisdale, 25, Los Gatos, and Alice K.
Malpas, 22. Los Gato?.
Vittorlo Rovrre. 25. 31SB Francisco street, and
ErneMa Croce, 22, 31SB Francisco Etreet.
William B. Cadfgan, 22, 74S Brannan Etreet.
and Annie CJerlach. 20. 50A Rausch street.
Charles W. Kaufman, Ti, Sa.n Francisco, and
Sus'.e T. King, 2.1, San Francisco.
George F. Have?, 37. New York, and Mary M.
Hahn. 20, 7SS Bush street.
DIVIDEND r.otlce— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Pujrar Plan-
tation Company will be rayable at the offlce
of the company, K7 Market st., on and after
MONDAY. June It 1?00. Transfer books will
close on Monday. June 4. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND FIR.MTURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scnellhaas. the
furniture dealer. l"th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMSlIED HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished, including piano, subur-
ban home of 11 rooms; horse and cow; stable;
nice garden; elegant view; can be had fcr
four months at $40 per month, including
water. Arrly 5C6 Ninth St., Oakland.
BLOCK 64 must be eold. near 23d ave., 17th et..
F.a.«t Oakland- a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth ft.. East Oakland.
$4250— BARGAIN: S-room house, plate glass
windows: modern in everything; nothing want-
ing; simply just whnt you want; location
Franklin st.. neRr Durant; you must see it
to appreciate it. J. S. MYERS,
* 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
$2250— FINE comfortable home of 8 rooms,
bath and modern conveniences; lot 50x140 feet;
open lawn: street work all done; etone walks
In front and around; sunny side of the street;
only a step to the electrio cars; must sell on
account of mortgage.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers, -
IOCS Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
TYPEWRITERS AMJ SliPIM.IES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sc!l better machines for less money than any
house In the city, rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 266.
SUMMER RESORTS.
VAavFlON~f or school children^ SuTwarrn:
fare 40c; $3 per week. Address box 51, Red-
wood Citj\
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WTLSON BROS., storage and moving-; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.,
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Poet St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 2S1.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 <th; phone Mint 45.
SEWIXG MACHINES AAD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1515 Mission, nr. 13th.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or countcy. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Et., rooms 9-10;. tel. 6680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, Jl up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co., SIS Third.
HERMANN— In this city. June 4, 1900, Ferdi-
nand Hermann, beloved brother, of Mrs.
Henry Bouck and Anton Hermann of. Switz-
erland, a native of Canton Underwalden.
Switzerland, aced 39 years 1 month and 9
days. A member of Grutli Vereta, Helvetia
Vereln, San Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. D. H.
8. ; Court German-America No. 7472, A. O.
. F. ; Musicians' Union and Hoftnungs Lodge
No. 1. O. D. H. S. S.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter etreet, between Stockton and Pow-
elL Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
INGERTILA— In this city, June 4. 1900, Albert
Ingertila, beloved brother of Mrs. Lizzie
Gutzen, and uncle of Sophia, Lizzie and
Fanny Kelhala. a native of Finland, aged 41
years and 8 months.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, between Powell and
Mason, under the auspices of the United Cali-
fornia Finn Brotherhood. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-1
TO OFFICERS and members of United Califor-
nia Finn Brotherhood— You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at Union-square Hall to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother.
Albert Insertila. By order of
P. SUNDBERG, President.
JOHN HUOVEXEN. Secretary.
JURSS-In this city, June 3, 1900, John Jurss,
dearly beloved husband of Catherina Jurss,
and beloved father of Henry and Lizzie Jurss.
a native of Rastat, Germany, aged €S years 7
months and 4 days. A member of Pacific
Etamm No. 66. Independent Order of Red
Men, Master Mariners" Benevolent Associa-
tion and Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.
(n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tills day
(Wednesday); at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 514 Green street, thence to- Inde-
pendent Order Red Men's Hall, where serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Pa-
cific Stamm. U. O. R. M.. commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric cars from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
LACET— In this city, June 5. 1900, Charles H..
beloved husband of the. late Alice M. J. La-
cey and father of Maude. Frank. Ethel and
Leslie Lacey, a native of London. England,
aged 46 years 10 months and 25 days.
LESPOUNE— In this city. June 6, 1900. Frank,
beloved husband of Helene Lespoune. a native
of France-, ased 42 years.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOOMIS— In this city, June 4, 1900, Kate Ash-
ley, wife of the late George Ashley 1 oomls, a
native of Syracuse, N. T.
ET'Friends are" resnectfully lnvitM if> at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at 'Trinity Church, corner
of Bush and Goush streets. Interment pri-
vate.
MARION— In the City and County Hospital.
June 4, 19C0. Michael J. Marion, a native of
.Ireland, acred 63 years.
McGONIGLE— In this city, June 4. 1900. Dennis,
beloved husband of the late Jennie McGon-
lgle, dearly beloved and devoted father ! of
Thomas, Jennie, Nellie and John McGonlgle
and brother of Neil McGonlKle, a native of
the carlsh of Culdaff, County Donegal. Ire-
land, aged 63 years and 10 months.
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from bis late res-
idence, 1114 Alabama street, thence to St. Pe-
ter's Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
MOYLE— Entered into rest, in New York, April
9, 1900. James William, beloved husband of
Angeline Moyle, father of Robert S. Moyle,
Mrs. E. C. Bond, Mrs. J. M. Selbert, Mrs. J.
Has Brouck and Anna S. Moyle. a native of
New Jersey, aged 67 years and IS days.
{C^Interment private in this city.
MULLER— In this city. June 5, 1900. Katharlna
Muller, beloved mother of Philip Mulier and
the late Mrs. A. NIebuhr and grandmother
of Mrs. J. L. Hansbroutrh and Fred and Emll
NIebuhr, a native of Rhelnhessen. affed S2
j years 2 months and 13 days.
MITLREY— In this city. June 5, 1900, at 22U
Rlngold street, Eva, youngest and beloved
! daughter of James P. and Mary Josephine
Mulrey and beloved sister of Alice. Bella. Ed-
win, James, Ethel, Irene and Arthur Mulrey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 9
months.
MURTHA— In this city, June 5, 1900, Patrick,
beloved busbanJ of Catherine Murtha. uncle
of Katie and Eddie McLaughlin. cousin of
James Murtha and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Patrick Boyle, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 71 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrov.-
| (Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
! de;ic«», 17 Madison avenue, off Harrison street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of h!s soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, June 4. 1300, Joseph-
ine, beloved daughter of Ellen and the late
Thomas O'Connell and sister of Thomas and
William O'Connell, Mrs. R. L. Inzham and
Mrs. E. J. Conroy. a native of Pan Franelnco.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 160 Lexington avenue,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PADDON— In this city, June 4. 1900. George W..
beloved son of Abel and the late Mary Pad-
don and brother of Mrs. A. Brownlie. Mrs. J.
Weir and Harry and Nettle Paddon, a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years 5 months and
10 days.
fCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. A. Brownlie. 1335 Vermont
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. «
ROSENBAUM— In this city, June 4, 1900. Em(l
D., dearly beloved husband of Sadie S. Rosen-
baum. brother of. Virginia and Julia Straus-
burger and Samuel M., Albert M. and Charles
W. Roeenbaum and son of the late Moses and
Bertha ' Rosenbaum. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 37 years 2 months and 9 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 240S Van Ness avenue. Cremation at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
ROWE— In this city, June <, 1900, Eliza A.,
dearly beloved wife of Frank- I. Rowe, mother
of Mrf>. J. P. Luke, Mrs. D. J. Morrison and
Mrs. W. R. Morgan and sister of Mrs. W. B.
Drew, a native of Maine, aged 56 years 1
month and 9 days.
(CrServlces will be held to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, *at her late residence, 508
Capp street, near Twentieth. Interment pri-
vate.
EIBLET— In Sutton, Mass., June 5. 1300. John
M. Sibley.
STRONG— In Oakland. June 5. 1900, Harriet A.
Strong, mother of Mrs. F. B. Perkins, a na-
tive of Vermont, aged < 4 years 11 months and
1 day.
SUTCLIFFE — In this city. June B, at hi*
residence, E25 Harrison street. James, beloved
husband Qf Jane Suteliffe and father of Ger-
• trude P. and Herbert C. Sutcliffe, a native of
Lancaster, England. a*ed S7 years and 9 days.
TIEARNEY— In this city. June 5. 1900, Auretta,
beloved wife of Edward Tlearney, mother of
Mabel and Leon Tlearney, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Penwarden and sister of Mabel and
Earl Penwarden. a native of Pennsylvania,
a?ed 13 years and 2 days.
[try Friend!" and acquaintances are respect-
Invited to attend the funeral Friday. June 8,
at 1 o'clock, from the residence of her sister-
in-law, Mrs. A. W. Carley, 2455 Twenty-third
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
WIDEN— In this city, June 3. 1900. Richard
Gustave Widen, a native of Sweden, asred 71
years.
E7Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
. day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
¦ & Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
McflVOV «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
I23J Market St., between 8th and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
• XI and 29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 167. •
TOKEHAL DIRECTORS A5D* EMBALMERS.Cruel to Their Horses.
Charles White and R. Sandini were ar
rested yesterday for driving horses unfit
fdr work. Officer Hooper arrested II.
Netherland on Polk street for unmerci
fully whipping a horse belonging to tho
Mllbrae Dairy; :
C. F. Kapp Company Concert Hall.
The bill this week at this popular house
Is unusually large and meritorious. Every
act is enthusiastically received, particu
larly that of "Lynwood." the world's
greatest female contortionist, and Al
Hazzard, premier, ventriloquist. Cake
walk carnival to-night. '
No Evidence Against Them.
Dong Chue and "Wong Mow, the two
Chinese arrested for murdering Dong
Jeung in Chinatown a few days ago, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday. De
tective Ed Gibson admitted that there was
no evidence against them and the Judge
dismissed the cases. •
Funeral of Dr. Nightingale.
The obsequies over the body of Dr. John
Nightingale at Cypress Lawn Cemetery
yesterday were both sad and impressive.
At the noon hour the remains were borne
from the funeral car to the cemetery,
where the many friends of the family
from this city met the cortege. The Rev.
Dr. Hutsinpiller of the Central Methodist
Church, on Mission street, read the burial
service. Quite a number of the members
of the California Pioneers from San Fran
cisco attended the funeral, among whom
were Theodore Hlttell. Captain iloffatt,
ex-Chief of Police I. YV. Lees. Dr. L. Ba
zet, R. G. McElroy, Grant Boyd and C.
t L. Barrington.
TIE dramatic suicide of Emll D.
Rosenbaum, the young man about
town who burned the candle at
both ends, who made countless
nights merry in revehry with gay
companions, who played the races at
pleasure with no thought or concern of
results, and who ended his life as reck
lessly as he enjoyed it, has created more
than ordinary gossip among those who are
familiar with the tragic.and pass good fel
lows down the line as fast as they, appear.
That there was nothing in the immedia
ate necessities of the dead man to war
rant him in taking his own life there is
no question. The mystery which at first
surrounded his financial affairs has been
cleared away, and while it is true that
extravagance had subjected him to tem
porary embarrassment, he was not des
perately in need of funds and in a very
short time he could have met the few
obligations upon him arid s could have re
turned to the enjoyment of his enormous
Income of $2500 or $3000 a mpnth. While
he had been extravagant to the last ex
cess In many matters he had not dissi
pated his fortune, inherited from his
father, and he leaves an estate variously
estimated at between $200,000 and $400,000.
His Fortune Willed to His Wife.
In a will recently made the suicide had
bequeathed practically all of his' property
to his wife. And now, quickly following
upon his death, comes the announcement
that some of his blood relatives intend to
contest this will on the ground that it was
made while Rosenbaum , was not in his
right mind and did not realize the serious
ness of what he was doing. His friends
and some of his relatives declare that he
Buffered from a malady which unbalanced
his mind and not only led him to the exe
cution of his will, but to the
act which closed his life. This phase: of
the affair promises to result in some sen
sational developments. . i
Rosenbaum led for years a singularly
reckless life. His excesses ultimately un
dermined hi« health to such an extent that
he became an almost dally sufferer from
pain. He sought relief in many places,
the. first and that the vast bulk of the
suicide's property will go to his wife.
'* No Cause for Suicide.
1 It is thus perfectly evident that there
£3!L a £? °ii? tel 7 n f tnl ne in the financial af
fairs of the dead man which would war
rant him in taking his desperate step u
is known that he made several attempts
to secure a loan of $4000 with which,"
Sit hi« B Jv on }P a ,ratlveljr small obligations.
Inrn hi Mfl? SlStS t J hat he told h * r n °^
L^no. hi f trlflln g embarrassments and im
aginary if ears. She says that a word from
him would have obtained from her car
riages horses and jewels, which she re
ceived from him and which would have
met many_tlmes over his needs. But. she
S> £f r ni » sb ,and told her nothing of his
aifflcultles, and his suicide to her is a mys-
w?t U r. t v, at 683 avenue the widow
patches beside the remains of the un
fortunate man. Five years ago Rosen
baum married .Miss Sadie Maguire. Their
union apparently was a love match and
tne wife acquired a wondrous influence
over the husband, who before the matri
™ome Wade.- WaS " e<a had been a say
. Shortly i after their marriage Rosen
baum and his wife went abroad and near
ly three years were spent on the Conti
nent. .They then returned to this city
vlf/™ If t tO i Ok theIr resI «3ence at the
Palace Hotel. About one month ago
Rosenbaum decided that a quiet life in
» hntT° Ul< } & Preferable to existence n
a hotel and the home out on Van Ness
avenue was secured. -^ess
In deference to an oft-expressed wish
of the deceased his remains will be cre
mated. .The funeral will take place to
morrow morning . at 10 o'clock from his
late home on van Ness avenue- Rev r>r
Meto will conduct the services and the
cremation will take place, at Cypress
3-iii wn. .' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - -
.The relatives of Rosenbaum are deeDlv
shocked over his desperate end and thev
do not; feel free 'yet to discuss their ac
tion, in connection with the disposition of
his estate. There is an inclination, how
ever, to contest any will which may be
made In favor of the wife, on the ground
that the suicide was no more in a normal
mental ¦ condition when he •; made it than
he was when, haunted by the phantom
of imaginary fears, he took his own life
but in vain. "When he married he modified
his extravagances of life in large measure,
but did not altogether cease them. He
was one of the heirs to the estate of his
father, which Is valued at several millions
of dollars. ¦ This estate has never been di
vided among the heirs, but has been ad
ministered as a family property. From it
the suicide drew a monthly income aver
aging between $2500 and $3000.
The principal in no instance has been
touched, and under the terms of the dead
man's will the share of the suicide will be
inherited by his wife.
Heavy Losses at Tanforan.
Upon, his 'enormous monthly income
Emll Rosenbaum lived. He spent money
with a lavish hand. He was one of the
lights which attract the harpies of the
tenderloin. He traveled much and found
in change excitement and new escapades.
He was a frequent visitor .to the race
course, and not long since he begged one
of his friends to say nothing to his broth
ers that he had been seen returning from
Tanforan. They did not approve, he said,
of the manner in which he spent his
money, and his friends knew that he had
lost at Tanforan what would have been
to others a fortune/-
After his marriage Rosenbaum lived a
far more moderate life than before. He
spent his days almost continuously in the
company of his wife. * As far as the out
side world was informed' or concerned
husband and wife were happy. Not long
since Rosenbaum decided to make his will.
Ho had spent nothing but his income and
was the : possessor : of a- great property.
His wife was about to go East, It was
said, to negotiate , the purchase of some,
automobiles, ¦ and the husband I decided
that they both should make their will3.
Mrs Rosenbaum, who had been Miss
Sadie 8. Magulre, possessed considerable
property, a great deal ; of, which had been
given to her by her husband. - ¦
The husband had his way, and in a will
bequeathed everything he possessed to his
wife. Mrs. Rosenbaum in her turn made
her last testament'and willed all she pos
sessed to her husband. - The 6 wife then
went East. .Later Rosenbaum went to his
attorneys and revoked the will he had
made, substituting for it another, which
is still under seal. The attorneys say that
they have every reason to believe that the
second and last will of Rosenbaum,' ex
cept in minor particulars, : is the same as
Relatives of the Dead Man Inclined to Contest
His Disposition of His Estate on the Ground
That He Was Insane.
EMIL ROSENBAUM, THE SUICIDE,
WILLED THE FORTUNE HE
INHERITED TO HIS WIFE
Those Who Are Eligible for the Va
cancy in the United States
Sub-Treasury.
United States Sub-Treasurer Julius Ja
cobs received from the Secretary of the
Treasury yesterday the list of ellgibles
under the civil service rules for the posi
tion of chief clerk of the Sub-Treasury In
this city, the successful candidate to be
selected from the three highest on the list,
which is as follows:
Lamour A. Boynton, .86.S6 per cent;
George H. Andruss, 85.62; Charles L.
Brown, S2.32: S. C. Porter. S1.32: Lincoln
T. Farr. 80.96; Charles - M. McGowan, 78.68;
Edward Hohfield, 77.40; John P. Jackson
Jr., 77.20; Vernon Goodwin, 75.44; Andrew
M. Daniels, 75.36; Joseph M. Smith, 73;
Bernard P. Lapachet and W. E. Higsring.
72; Uldano Hartwell, 71.60 ; James M. Pike,
70.
The name of Charles Jacobs, brother of
the Sub-Treasurer, does not appear In the
list as furnished at the Sub-Theasury,
though he took the examination. Cashier
Thomas Burns, member of the examining
board announced yesterday afternoon
that the Sub-Treasurer had not yet made
a selection „ from the three highest, but
might do so to-day.
One of the candidates at the examina
tion loudly rejoiced over the fact that he
had found the questions so simple and so
easily answered. "I don't see why they
give any examination at all," he said.
"It's just a snap."
The returns i=how that he barely man
aged to get on the list at all, but he
proudly took his place at the foot of the
eligibles.
CHARLES JACOBS' NAME
IS NOT ON THE LIST
der is that he did not run amuck and
kill a number of people."
Herman Rosenbaum evidently has an
Interesting history, but his acquaintances
know little of it. He Is a German by
birth, and about 33 years old. He claims
to come of a wealthy and influential fam
ily in Germany. Two years ago he made
his first appearance here, coming from
South Africa, where, during a residence
of ten years, he made and lost a fortune.
After a brief stay here he went to the
Klondike, but came back a few months
later as poor as when he went there. For
some time he was employetf'as bookkeeper
by Hunt Bros., at 6 California street, but
he was sick so much of the time with
nervous trouble that his services were
not very satisfactory. He also kept books
for the Continental Livery Stables.
Last night Rosenbaum was reported to
be resting easily, but the doctors were
unable to even make a guess at hia
chances for recovery.
HERMAN ROSENBAUM, expert ac
countant and mining promoter,
made a dramatic attempt to take
his own life in room 704 of the
Claus Spreckels building yesterday after
noon. A mind deranged from business
trouble and a love for a young- woman,
which he could not hope to have requited,
were the causes for the act.
It was at a meeting of the board of
directors of the Zacoualpa Rubber Planta
tion Company, of which he has been a
member during the last eight months, that
Rosenbaum made the attempt on his life.
He shot himself through the right lung
with a 3S-caliber revolver, the ball lodg
ing under the skin in the back, from
which 'place it was cut by Dr. • Bunnell
at the Receiving Hospital. Rosenbaum's
chances of recovery are small.
The motive for the shooiing, according
to a statement made by Rosenbaum after
ward, was that he was dropped from the
board of directors of the rubber company,
of which he was the promoter, and thus
ruined financially. Back of that, how
ever, appears a woman, Miss Emma Noel,
secretary of the company, who resides
with her aged mother at the Ashworth
House. 420 Mason street. Rosenbaum be
came infatuated with the girl, and al
though, so far as can be learned, he made
no advances toward her he told mutual
friends that he intended to kill Miss Noel
and himself. He purchased the pistol he
used yesterday with that avowed inten
tion. Six weeks ago Miss Noel appealed
to the police for protection, and Detective
Tom Gibson hunted Rosenbaum up and
gave him such a talking to that he ha3
not since molested Miss Noel. Gibson be
came convinced that the man was insane
and had contemplated taking him before
the Insanity Commission if he again
troubled Miss Noel.
The attempted suicide was a dramatic
affair. Rosenbaum had met, as usual,
¦with the directors. Those present were
J. W. Butler. James Newlands, Louis J.
Janes and L. Abbott. Since the last
meeting previous Rosenbaum had sold 175
shares of stock, leaving in his possession
but fifty shares. This fact, together with
the fact that Rosenbaum had acted on
several occasions in a way to leave no
doubt in the minds of his associates that
he was insane, led them to drop him from
the board. When the vote was taken
Rosenbaum became greatly excited and
hastily' left the room. Fifteen minutes
later he again 1 .burst into the room,
where the directors, having finished their
business, were telling stories and smok
ing. Striking a dramatic pose at the head
of the table, the deposed director glanced
wildly about him and exclaimed:
"Gentleman, you have ruined my life."
Instantly after uttering the words he
drew his pistol and sent the bullet crash
ing through his body. He sank to the
floor with a cry of distress.
A surgeon in the building was sum
moned, and President Butler telephoned
for the ambulance and a surgeon from
the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Bunnell ac
companied the ambulance. After a hasty
examination of the wound he directed
the removal of 'the wounded man to the
hospital, where the ball was cut out and
he was made as comfortable as possible.
Rosenbaum never lost consciousness, and
half an hour after his arrival at the hos
pital could talk quite easily. He made
the following statement:
"It was through Miss Noel that I was
induced to sell 200 of my shares to New
lands. Butler influenced her against me,
ati d she gave me the cold shoulder, telling
me she had a good salary now and didn't
need me. Since the detective saw me 1
have not spoken to her, although I had
seen her in the office when I called. When
I threatened to shoot her six weeks ago
I told her I had done everything I could
for her, and now that I was poor she
wanted to cast me off. At the annual
meeting to-day of the company they did
not elect me as a director. I felt that I
had lost everything, and after the meet
ing I went and got my revolver. I re
turned to the office and walked into the
room where they were all seated. I told
them they had ruined my life, and
shot myself. Butler, Newlands, Janes
Abbott and Miss Noel were there. 1
should have got $2500 as a commission for
selling the plantation, but I did not get a
cent. What is the use of living when you
are out in the cold, cold world?"
President J. W. Butler says that Itosen-
SCEUE OF THE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
baum was treated fairly by his business
associates and had no reason for com
plaint.
"This man came to me about two
months ago with O. H. Harrison, a resi
dent of Mexico, who wanted to organize
a company to carry on the La Zacualpa
rubber plantation. The company was duly
organized, and for his . work in pro
moting Rosenbaum was given 225 shares
and was made a director of the company.
He expressed himself as well pleased with
the arrangement. Since then he has driven
us no end of trouble by his insane actions.
He sold 175 shares of his stock, but that
was his own private affair, and I know
nothing personally of the deal except that
it was fair.
"The matter of Rosenbaum's persecu
tion of Miss Noel was reported to th«
Chief by some of the young lady's
friends," said Detective Gibson last night,
"and I was detailed to Investigate. I found
in Miss Noel a hardworking young woman
of 24, whose life was devoted to the sup
port of an aged mother, with whom she
spent all her time when not at work.
Mother and daughter told me that they
became acquainted with Rosenbaum about
fifteen months ago. when Miss Noel was
employed by him in the capacity of sten
ographer. He was sick a great deal and
sometimes out of funds. Mrs. Noel took
pity on him, and not only attended him
when he was 'sick on several occasions,
but two or three times loaned him money.
"Miss Noel told me and I believe that
Rosenbaum never made love to her or
spoke on the subject of marriage. She
was consequently greatly annoyed when
she heard from some of the men- in the
office that he talked of being in love with
her and had said that he would kill her.
This sort of thing had been going on for
several months when I was called Into
the case. ,
"It seems that -about six weeks ago
Rosenbaum purchased a revolver and ex
hibited it. to friends of Miss Noel, boast
ing that he would kill her and himself
Things came to a climax when, during
her absence from the office one day,
Rosenbaum put a card under the door ad
dressed to Miss Noel notifying her that he
Intended to kill her/
"When I found Rosenbaum In his lodg
ings, at 405 Geary street, and told him
who I was he became greatly excited and
sprang to the closet to get his revolver.
I blocked his way and then he said he
only wanted to show me that the weapon
was not loaded. I permitted him to get
it and found that it was empty. But he
boasted that he had bought it to kill Miss
Noel and himself. 'It is the will of God
that I kill her,' he said, 'and how can you
prevent me. Even if you were with her
I could shoot her quickly and then kill
myself before you could interfere."
"I often accompanied Miss Noel to her
office. Once Rosenbaum was waiting at
the entrance of the building, behind a
column. When he saw me he ran.
"It is my personal opinion that Miss
>.oel is a hard-working, honest girl, and
that her story concerning her relations
with Rosenbaum is straight. Rosen
baum acted and talked like a crazy man
every time I saw him, and the only won-
x^E SAN FRANCISCO CAJLIi, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1900.
Crazed by Financial Reverses and Unrequited Love Herman
Rosenbaum Tries to End His Life in
• * Melodramatic Fashion.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE BEFORE
HIS BUSINESS ASSOCIATES
12
Cor.kEAPNYyY.
' AND : ' &$
liMIOINiyQUARcAVE.
?2 50 men's shoes for 51 50 a pair, at the
Beehive Shoe Co., 717 Market St., nr. Third*
I UfiCilloSi On Account
And ofSiaran's
Pi . Departure
Persian **¦
rugs Trkey
"Will Be Sacrificed at
AUCTION
To Raise Money Enough for his Collecting Trip
SALE ABSOLUTELY "WITHOUT RESERVE.
Commences Thursday, Jane 7. at 2 p.m.
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.,
WILL CONTINUE FEW DAIS ONLY.
All the finest RUGS will be offered at this sale.
THIS IS TOUR OPPORTUNITY.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Anetloneer.
Dinner Sets
2O% off.
Come Just to Look.
Great Amerliaii kiortiii h Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant AT», . (Bet. Sutler and POstX
S61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
HO 81xth St.
158 Hayea St. m Third St.
1419 Polk St. in Montgomery Aw.
2S1S Mission St. 706 Larkln St.
C006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 HalEht St.
2008 FUlmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
12 Market Et f733 Uth St. .
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washington St. (IS E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11S5 S3d AT*.
1510 Seventh St. 13S5 Park St.. A Tamil*.
VIN MARIANI
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
It Is fotmd especially oseful In Nervous
Troubles. Dyspepsia. Malaria. Anaemia. Loss
of Sleep. Consumption. Overwork. Indigestion.
La Grippe, Nervous Prostration. General De-
bility Tardy Convalescence. Loss of Blood. Im-
potency. Melancholia. Throat and Lung
Troubles. Seasickness, all Wasting Diseases
al So!d by^all^ druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
4-Sioom Furniture
for $98, :
BEDROOM — Bedroom ,set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 good Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattresa. 1
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR-5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
DINING-KOOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
6 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN-1 Patent Table. 1 No. T Stove, J
Chairs.
No extra charge on credit.
— MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
¥Lx* m § a 1 \\ y^ i^trosrlffifl
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. , enred by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
FarU. 3. KSFIC ; Vrw York, X. FOUGSiU 4 CO
BOLD BT ALL DRUOUI3I&
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ill. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
0^&m&t4
¦
Some of tlve very swellest of Cricketing Chev-
iots in the grey shades, with invisible stripes— these
are awfully swell ; some of the handsomest little
clteck patterns, pepper-and-salt effect. Not one of
} em ' at any stage of the game would you object
paying $15 for.
I
We rest our. case rioht here, and let the win-
dow exhibit of these Suits spealt. The early com-
ers, of course, gather the plums.
Genteel, Refined Summer Fashions.
We' re near the tail end
of the spring season and
we Ivave some 500 Suits
that are bona fide $15
Suits in our house, and
they represent all that
is new and swell.
Now these 500 Suits
have got to go — that's the
conclusion we have come
to, and price has got to
make 'em go for us.
We're all through with
the spring season, figur-
atively speaking; that's
the only apology we can
malm for the price —
Yon know the Higfcdass Clothes we build for
men. The Swellest, the Smartest
Fashions.
WELL IT'S JUST THIS—
What Sort of Bargain
Givers We Are. We Are
Soulless When We Begin
to Cut.
These six cases of Elegant Black
and Colored Dress Goods come to us
two months later than order called
for, hence the ahove prices.
Please write for samples at once, while tha
assortment is complete.
2 Cases BLACK ENGLISH SILK
MOHAIR CREPONS, 15 different
styles,
$1.50 Yard.
Regular price $2.50 uard,
4 Cases FANCY ENGLISH TWEEDS,
full 48 Inches wide, 25 different
styles,
75c Yard.
Regular price $1.75 uard.
ADVERTISEMENT!.
( /Jr 1 Cor.KEARNyyi;
ADVEBTISEMENTTS.