ft >V & • «*
ditlonary army, wanted a quartermaster
general, and who could better fill this post
than Major Roberts! Hl3 services at tha
landing place on the Red Sea were too ur
gently required to permit of his going In-
land. But whether at the front or tha
rear, Roberta never failed to bear away
the bell of energy and successful activity,
and at the close of the campaign he was
sent to London with the dispatches which
contained an ardent eulogy of his own
merits.
It had fretted the heart of the ardent
Roberts that he had not been able to go
to the front in Abyssinia and shara In
any fighting that befell; but now ho had
not' long to wait for one of those "Uttla
wars" which are to Indian soldiers what
the grand autumn, maneuvers are to con
tinental armies. Having organized, ha
was* appointed senior staff officer of ths
expedition which, about the time that
France and Germany were stripping foe
a ' fall, was sent to chastise and subju
gate the turbulent Looshai tribes on tho
southeastern confines of the Indian Em
pire toward Burmah. But staff service,
pure and simple, would not content him.
and we find him "leading the advanc*
against a stockade" in a very difficult
and dangerous country. The taking ot
Taikoom. -which ended the campaign, -was
mainly duo to the fact that the attack-
Ing column was led in person by Roberts
—the trst time he had commanded in, ac
tion. "Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts' nn
tlring energy and sagacity." wrote tha
commanding general, "are beyond all
praise. He worked without guides, even
without map or geography, and thwarted
the Looshais, whose game was to delay,
our progress. He never seemed at a
loss."
When he was mftdo Q. M. G. in India,
and on his shoulders rented most of the
responsibility for the preparation of tha
camps and durbars necessitated aa well
by the 'Prince of Wales* vtsit to India
<'75-'"6) as by the proclamation, of the
Queen as Kalser-1-Hlnd, he wa3 no Ie33
useful and energetic in the field of fight
ing than in the field of famine ('73-'74>.
where this was how he appeared to Arch
ibald Forbes, the brilliant war corre
spondent: "Short and slight, square, how
ever, of shoulder., and of a distinctly mill-
tary carriage. hi3 whole aspect denoting
alertness and a wiry endurance. He nad,
the air of quiet command one sometimes
discerns In men who have seen much ser
vice when as yet they have not attained
high leadership. His face was almost as
cetic in its attenuation, hollow temples
Indented and narrow, th- lofty forehead
that rose above the keen, quick eyes; thw
lower section of the face was long, gaunt
and sallow, ending In a chin every lino
and contour of which betokened force o2
resolution."
So much for Forbes. One Little-wood,
orderly, says: " 'E's a little man about
as little a, man as ever drew a sword—
not more than 3 feet T\ should say— but
*ecan ride! 'Ow'e can ride! Any 'ors«
that ever, was born! 'E can ride 'orses
, that I couldn't think of ridln*. and my
legs U twice as Ions as 'Is. And 'e can
'andle any sword, no matter *ow "eavy.
I saw *lm do it.
"*E*s quiet. Is Roberts, and *e doesn't
stomp about and curse as some of "ero
ry+ TOMMY ATKrNS In our own
j I town — one of Bob's own Tommy
I I Atkinses — who knew It?
V, I ••3obs: <Jod • Mess him!" says
X every British soMier.
"Bobs! God bless h'ra!" says one Alfred
Liitlewood. steward en the Bay City that
plies between here and Alameda. He says
It for the simple reason that he was a
PritJsh soMlor before be was steward,
and. as orderly in the service of b!g Lit
tle Bobs, he knew him at three-foot
ra nge.
These are rrrpat days for Alfred Little
wood. His general— his Little Bobs— is
adding more medals to his coat anl
glories to his name. In the quiet chug
chug hours of ferry-boat travel. Alfred
LIttlewood thinks of the new fame hia
eld-time commander is winning, and
¦warms himself brer tho recollections of
far-away India days, when Bobs fed the
hungry soldiers ender him as they had
not been fed since they left home, and
when be looked after .his sick lying in the
Nilgirl Hills country, and when he tilted
the rings with the privates who loved
him.
"There's nobody like him— like Bobs,"
says his orderly.
It was In 'S2 and '83 that he served be
hind the little fighting man. It was dur
ing the quiet period that followed the re
lief cf Kandaliar. The marching out
Ftrencth of his relieving force. Including
a splendid Highland brigade 'of the "Gay
Gordons" and the Rosshlre Buffs, had
h«ren about 10,000 — just the number whom
Xenophon led back from the plains of
C^naxa to the banks of the Euxine. On
August X 1273. the immortal column be
fran its march of 302 miles, and it had cov
ered the distance In twenty days. Includ
ing one of rest, which gave an average of
over fifteen miles per day. On Septem
ber 1 — the anniversary of Sedan — Roberts
gave battle to and utterly . defeated
Ayoob. After a brief rest he rode to the
various regiments in succession, begir
nfcxg i3.HJi.tiie Gordons., whose list of xas
uaHi^P was the longest, to thank them
for the successes they had achieved for
him; and he was everywhere received
with deafening cheers — cheers Which wer^
repeated, so to speak, when, after the
war was over, Roberts came to England
and received the thanks of t>oth houses
of Parliament, a peerage from the Queen
and other honors innumerable.
When. a few years later, Mandalay was
captured and Xing Thebaw deposed from
the throne of Burmah, Roberts took com
mand, arid soon, as usual, brought the
operations to a successful issue. Again,
when the cry went up to wipe out the
reverse of Majuba, Roberts was selected
as the avenging an^el. and lucky it was
for the Boers that peace had been con
cluded before the conqueror of Kandahar
had time to rearh tholr plains.
Then came times that were more quiet.
Roberts was able to return to India, hl3
birth land, and he held his post until 1SS5
as commander «">f ihe Madras army. "I
¦was with 'itn at B&r.galoa — that's in the
Madras presidency." says the Yorkshire
Littlewood. "I w&sn't with 'lm In action,
but I saw 'lm ard knew 'im when the time
vras quiet, and it takes a good man to look
aft«r regiments when they're doin'
noth!n.' Bobs knows 'ow to keep 'era
'appy-
"And lie kept, us busy. too. If we
weren't fightin'. we musn't forget *ow to
f.ght. £<-i he "made 'a little war. Just for
practice, between the English cavalry and
the natives who were in the service. And
•we took sides r.nd made attacks and de
fenses, and tried to 'oM out against each
eth'rVike in real war, and if a man was
caught 'e 'ad to be shut up for a day — for
practice, you know. Eut the men liked it.
There's r.othin' Bobs could order that they
wouldn't like.
"I was in the cavalry then— in the
Twelfth lancers. I "ad enlisted for twelve
years because I was tired cf 'ome. and I
was pretty sick of the army before those
years were over. 1 never 'ad fever, but
India ate wp my 'ealth for all that. It's
the beastly climate. It saps the life out
cf a man, and 'e don't care much what
'jfppen*. ro 'c can only get away and ret
'onie-th.-t Ik. If 'fC» got a 'omc to go to.
But w'n»n men pet feelfn* like that sud
denly there's bOjnethJng goin' on that
mskes 'em forptt their squeamishness.
They >zr that there's some sports goin'
on that day— lilting the rings, most likely.
—and if they ask they ilnd out that Bobs
Is at the :>ottom of it."
It has Iktcd always the same. At his
desk, in time* of waiting, in time of war,
Y.ti has been the same true Bobs.
Whes: he was restored <o his administra
tlve work Cnrir.g li'.s early life in India in
the quartermaster general's department
he compiled a masterly "Route Book" for
the P-ensal Presidency; for the peace du
tifS of a st;il? officer are quite as Import
ent as his functions in war. It was a cruel
dispensation which condemned a "flghtlijg
devil" like Roberta to the drudgery of a
bureati.;i)ut he was a singular compound
of a yicVMp.PTMl a Bluchrr, and could
adapt \)\v?ft" to dosk w ork or to field
work a? occasion demanded.
For tl>e Jatter an upportunlty again oc
curred when General Napier, as Dizzy
finely plxased !t. was sent "with the artil
lery of Europe, borne by the elephapts of
Aela ac*oss the mountains of rtasselas Jn
Abyssinfr" to tihow King Theodore that
there was no place Jn all the wide world
to whlc> the .punitive arrn of England
could net reach. Donald Stewart^ after
ward his fellow champion in Afghanistan,
who commanded a brigade of this expo-
Continued on Page Thre«.
My Experience
as Orderiy to
Field Marshal
Roberts: ... V ' s . ;
¦as , the . Parisians
"generally are .very,
r. willing 'to aid them
'I the:accl3ent/has be- ;
3 come "^qulte ' an ;un
.•<. discussable'' topic.'". 1
' i The unwary strap-
gers : who^ 1 were '¦:¦_ ex
| pected'to arrive .in
¦'countless ¦ .troops to'
poiir- out slathers. of
'money at V the feet
?: of £¦ .the Parisians ;
. ¦; ha.ve not . «, yet - • apj
; peared. ';'_¦ The ; hotels'
-and 'pensions are
. half- empty,' lacking;
.even' .the '-.usual '
spring ' crowds. \Of
course, • there ; ia al- 1
: ways the . probabil
ity that the crow'ila
will arrivc"later;but ,
at i present ' someV
thing, like despair ls
ln": the 'atmosphere. "
Later it will be , too
hot for people to re
main' any .'length' of
time. - Paris In • July
, and: August is 1 im-:
.bearable, Vand > ->b r e-
¦ "sides* it Hs> not "le
grand chic",/ to be
here'- during those
months'. ''The, people
who can r afford to
pay -" the; exorbitant'
-prices triat'.thc^ ho
¦'.tels are': asking^-. will
not; have : s-ufnclent
Interest . in; fhi>: ex
... position! to suffer;, to
see it./ ' Students
and teachers,, those
to whom' the. expo-
Bltlon would be ' the
.'greatest-- Inspiration,
are -forced 6ut f of
Paris; 'by. ..the- {ab-
Burdly extravagant
prices. VThe empty
: houses - that up to
Vdate v«re; rewarding
f \ these thrifty French
* notions have not
'.\ prodiicefl , tho . HllKht- r
Vs«t* tendency tbwu"|l
.•owcring' tho prlccl."
Not at nil. Tlicy
have" i ber n I losing
"during nil of thosti
weeks ; ' ¦ now they,
must catch up. Tho
fever, ¦Instead, of
abating, * v " becomes
more delirious, and
; woe be unto you who
thej next; time :it-.-Is .'the same; old story.
I am a doomed victim of these Svengalis.
That I- am not the. only person In' the
world .in '.whom': the Paris ¦"coqher". In
spires ,' this- indefinable awe 1 have lately
learned to mj' satisfaction. A young man
conducting the Paris-branch of^_an En
glish law/'flrm related , to me 'his experi
ence- at one of .'the .' downtown.: -hotels,
whither he had go'ne to engage apartmentn
forVa very; wealthy client. The "exposi
tion "price" ¦ otjthe7.rocms,.,the proprietor
tcldihim. would be: $230 a clay,\this,* how
ever/to include, a carriasc, ; with the' ser
vices ,of >a footman and .1^ coachman. • ~'Ho
wrote ""the" cordltlpn to. his- client andre
eelve*l r > word^by^'tclegram, '-"Terms . satls
fn'ctory,' :but{ insist on' contract' being
signed.".. When'' the. solicitor, presented
himself at the^hoterwlth a prcpared-con
tracf ;the ; proprietor ¦' refused 'to' sign it.
VI, cannot slgnva contract includ!ng t the
services of a coachman." he explained. In
Paris" it is' impossible to know ,v.-hat .the
coachmen arc going to do. They may go
on a strike riKhtFn the mid3t of every
thing. I can guarantee the services of any
other servant, but! not of a coachman.
.He expressed himself as willing to take
off a. considerable sum and leu ve out the
carriage, -? but the;-. solicitor had instruc
tions . to insist ( on the carriage being In
cluut-d. lie; remained obstinate' and at
last the proprietor, yielded, though most
unwillingly," to contract for J230 a day for
his' wife and child and a couple of ser
vants. This .will 'give*; some idea of .the
prices that the big hotels are asking;
.•The moving sidewalk Is creating 'a great
deal of dlsFatlsfactloniinPsiris.* This In
jjenloua^ and comfortable ', structure is not
confined to- the- exhibition 'grounda. ¦ but
winds through' several . streets, very close
to the second-story, windows. Now, 'the
Parislani is ,'s'o f'ar^brhincl the .times, that
he objects to performing his morning ab
lutions and' otherwise-.: revealing. 'the. se
crets of -his boudoir for -the amusement
of .'passers-by. How -'inconsistent people
tire! '.in' America, vwhere pruderj" thrives
'to tha ; extent -of ¦ putting clothes Ton - the
.VcnuBca and the Apolloa, we'see nothing
iparticulnrly; Bhocking in 'the -Idea* of'ele
vatcd rallronds 1 ; 'lotting the .world ;gape,ln
on nne'n private life,^wh'He the '.'natural,"
tho.utiHhockable Parisians, ,they lt whib have
no"'myfitfcrles > / of any aort. are apoplectic
with Indignation" over 'an "elevated, side
walk. Tho Parisian fstill^has the idea that
wKen 'liyrsfat^hbm'e" he) mustn't 1 be- looked
at. The* finest' houses . in;; Paris Sore ¦'sur
rounded by real "convent. walla 1 without a
possible peep hole.' In . Paris 'the things
Ing In, the expected numbers, the Ameri
can is undoubtedly here in all of his ex
travagant glory. On coming out of the
Art Gallery I took a chair to listen to
the band without knowing that it was
Sousa^B. Suddenly It struck up "Dixie"
and 'the '.' Suwanee Kive'r," ending of
course, with the "Star-spangled Ban
ner." ' Well, the unexpected yell that went
up from" that crowd was something to be
remembered. It came spontaneously from
the throats* of several hundred Ameri
cans, who had thus accidentally gathered
there.' Women . and children jumped
on the chairs,- shouting and waving fu
riously, while a man in the crowd pro
posed thr^e^ big American cheers for th<3
Stars and Stripes. In the midst of It all
Sou?a produced', a huge American flag
which he . waved energetically. It turned
out a most magniflceni patriotic demon
stration and all entirely Impromptu.
One of the most important pbjects to be
seen at the.Expo3itior\ ia the gift in the
Russian building which the Czar has
made to France. It is a map of France,
a metre square/most skillfully construct
ed in gems and precious metals and show-
Ing a cartographic picture of the lar.d.
The solki: backing -is of .silver. The seas
round the coasts, the departments^ inland.
»!1 the' various features of mountains,
pir ins, - marshes, -'lakes ami forests aro
deftly done with labradorite and. lapis
lazuli, agates, and onyxes, malachite and
carnelian, while the rivers arp put in with
pure platinum, a" valuable material spe
cially produced by Russia. .The M prin
cipal^'cities and towns_ of France' are all
designated by /various" precious V stones,
Paris being marked "with a large rose dia
mond "the ¦¦ size of a hazel nut and sap
phires, emeralds, rubies, \ turquoises,
opals,, jacinths, topazes, garnets . and
pearls-'are employed for the others. The
names of the towns and 'rivers arc all
done In gold characters, and '/the total
value, of ".thejabor aside from' its sc!en
tific interest isput at £160,000.\/This beau
tiful, map is 'a'.real.trluinphAof the «nld
sml^h's.art and makes one think of an
cient and forgotten^ chef d'oeuvres, such
as.the "breast plate of cunning wwrk" de
scribed In the book of Exodus, with its
twelve -rows ;cf" precious s.tones accord*
ing to the names of the children of Israel.
Itvls ' certainly, most regrottablj that in
these, days 'of "so much jewelry we have
so; ; little goldsmlthing. In. fact, the" craft
of Berjvenuto Cellini and' of- the; Anglo r
Saxon monks who framed their ; missals
ln'-gold' and-* silver <jmd gems is almost a
lost]? art,; the tiaras, brooches and rings
of ' modern society being turned* out al-
Pome one In apologizing- for our fcunaing
said that what we lacked in art we made
up in sentiment. The building U made
with a sort of vestibule, the open door
idea that this writer considered emble
matic of our hospitality. I am hoping that
the "bfghead" feature is not also emble
matic. A short time a«ro the pupils o" the
Ecole des Beaux Arts wero asked to de
cide by vote which of the Exposition
buildings was the most successful from
the artist's point of view and which tho
greatest failure. For the most beauttrui
building I' believe the vote was almost a
tie between Italy and Belgium, but for th»
ugliest the United States received a
unanimous vote.
I am curious to know what the princi
pality of Monaco is going to exhibit ia
this splendid building:. The only enterprise
In the country is the Monte Carlo c-ajik.
and how will it be represented for tha
edification of the visitcr! A roulctto tabla
where the player always won would cer
tainly be a unique and unrivaled attrac
tion, beside which even otir free Califor
nia raisins would pale Into lr.sigriUcanca.
I tried to extract a little' Information,
about the Monaco exhibit from one of
the attaches, 'but all to no avail. He
smiled a sphinxU&e smile and declared
that this must remain a mystery till the
opening day. I am sure that he was an
ancient croupier. Ilia manner of replying
to my questions was quite as if I had
blandly a?ked him to tell me the winning
number. This guess on my part. ! must
avow, required no depth of divination.
Every resident of ilocaco is or has been
or hopes to be a croupier. Even,- one eUe
wins and goes away or loses and kills
himself.
Those who work In high altitudes suf
fer not only from the rawfied air." but
from mountain toothache, Air. Hai'ner of
Zurich finds that all the cnglpeera and
workmen on the Jungfrau Railway, who
are obliged to remain a considcrab'3 tim*»
at altitudes or abcuit 2&X) rcetr^— a ml!a
and ,a half— above "the sea l*vc:. after
eight or ten days are seized w.th violent
pains in several teeth on one side of tha
Jaw. the gums ami cheeks on the same
Eldo becoming swollen. The teeth. are so
sensitive to pressure that mastication is
extremely painful. These symptoms in
crease In severity for three days, and
then gradually entirely disappear Tt
seems to be purely a phenomenon of ac- L
climatizatlon,. . for all newcomer t go^
through the complaint, and It appears
never to' recur.
THERE 13 a'grlm fascination In~visit
ing this Paris Exposition. Every
thing Is so uncertain and so insecure
that one grows to think himself a hero
for walking about Jin- the most ordinary
fashion, while to make the circuit in the
.electric tramway or to cross one of the
numerous bridges requires the most pro
, nounced recklessness and daring. Ono
• feels that 'the individual who crosses Ni
agara, on a tightrope should begin to di
videjthe honors. The pleasure of having
-'escaped" after an afternoon at tho fair
Is worth traveling many miles to experi
¦_ence. « It renders tho bare fact'of being
Alive a' genuine delight and the possession
,-of unsmashed legs and arms a mo3t thrlll
• Ing pleasure. Things arc simply being
thrown together in any way at all to pro :
duce an effect and to gather the^colns.'
The falling of the bridge two Sundays ago
t:when nine Iive3 .were racrlficed and- many
persons wounded has proven beneficial in
• starting a few investigation?; still,: I have
ibeen advised 'by- some ojie who knows.
whereof he speaks to avoid the Crowded
days at the exposition., This person as
sures me that the structure's are far from
being- solid and substantial. It is now
said- in undertones that, in reality fifty
isix people were killed by the falling of
|the; bridge, but of course there Is no way
jof: corroborating nor of denying this ru
"'mor. The authorities aro doing every
thing possible to hush up the matter, and
will arrive 'at its height-- Some of the raises
that have been made on account of th» ex
position are really very ridiculous. For
Instance, camphor < and quinine ..at . the
drugstores are more than twice as expen
sive as formerly. Candles have gone up
considerably; even cotton \dress good?,
linings, whalebones and things of that
description have taken exposition prices.
The blanchisseuse is quite as Independent
as if she owned the whole exposition, and
next week, they tell me, cab fares will bo
increased.
It is a frosty day, Indeed, when the
Paris cabman is left on any : of the good
thing3 that are going. He Is a thing en
tirely apart, this Paris "cocher." He is
unlike anything else that ever was cre
mated. He Is a king, an autocrat, a tyrant
and something of a hypnotist in the bar
gain. I sometimes flatter myself on not
being easily frightened; I am not of the
timid sort, but when a Paris "cocher"
asks me twice or three times the proper
fare I hasten to deliver it. He thrills me
with his imperialism. "Here it Is, most
mighty sir," I almost utter as 1 deliver
•what he asks. "Do I possess anything
else that you w r ould like? Perhaps my
jacket or my parasoL would be of some use
to' you!"
'The moment .that he has vanished
around the corner it^ occurs to me that i
should hava fought it out With him. "Well,
the next time I'll not be treated In that
fashion," I decla's cost vehemently, but
that are legitimate must never be seen;
It !» only the Illegitimate that is flaunted
carelessly before tho eyes of the world.
When monsieur is at home, dining re-
Bpectably with the lady who is.hls wife,
he bursts with fury because the passers
by loOk'in upon him, yet they may look
as long 'and as often as they please when
he dines upon the boulevard with ths
lady who is not his wife.
Sousa's band ia one of the attractions
of the exposition. There is a life and go
about it and a lack of/ "classicism," as
we have it in Europe, that is really deli
clous. It is like a cooling ice after a very
heavy dinner. After --all, there are more
people in the world who like "Home,
Sweet Home" and "The Last Rose of
Summer" than there are who like* Waft
ner. If they would only v "own up." But
they won't "own up" and of course it is
better In the cause of education that they
do not. Should Wagner cease to be the
fashion we should know very little about
him. The minority who are really inter
ested could never afford to keep the thing
going. I often think of what Mark Twain
said on a recent occasion, that Wagner's
music was "a good deal better than It
mounded.-. Now, it .is a comfort to know
that Sousa's music Is just as good as It
sounds. It is popular, breezy and cheery,
yet, thank heaven, we may say that we
like It without striking at once an Igno
ramus attitude. .
That the Americans are thick and nu
merous in town was quite evident the
other day at one "of the Sousa concerts.
Even If other people are not materializ-
most as mechanically as buttons. "Tis
true, of late years a few Parisian artists
have been trying to create a revival in
"the art of goldsmlthing and have met
with some success. Undoubtedly the Ex
position will addstimulua to this revival.
In the "Petit Palais" the Rctrospectlvo
Exhibition presents a delightful field for
study of this nature. There are the love
liest jewel caskets, headgear of lapis
lazuli and gold, necklaces and finger ring3
besides crucifixes, missals and. religious
objects of every description, all superb
examples of ancient or Renaissance gold
smithing. In this same exhibit are beau*
tifulold tapestries and rare Limbs* en
amels, the cathedrals of France having
sent, .their most cherished treasures.
Very few of tho foreign pavilions ara
yet open. In fact. Russia 13 the only im
portant country that* Is ready to recelva
visitors. The ¦ aspect of these bulidlnga
conveys r.o Idea whatever of the relative
wealth and Importance of the countries.
Italy, that is probably the poorest nation
on the face of the earth, has the finest
pavilion; the tiny principality of Monaco
has a building' that should make England
blush, while such countries as Roumanla.
Finland and Hungary have been most
lavish in their expenditures. The United
States has distinguished herself by hav
ing the ugliest building in the whole con
cern. The architect has tried to put tho
"Washington Capitol into a very tiny
space, tho result being very grotesque.
The thing is all dome and really looks
Hke a little man with a very huse head.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
AROUND
THE
EXPOSITIONTHE SUNDAY CALL.
My
Experi
enceasan
Orderly to
Field Marshal
Roberts-By Al
fred Littlewood
J Continued from
SPKa One.
decs, but 'e's forcy
ful like, for ail that.
Kc tells a man to do
a. thins in a quiet kind
cf way. but the man :i!
tvays tlocs St. Somehow
they know that ¦ -what "e
says raean3 business. JtV,.'
" "Ow "c looks I don't so
remember. I't 'ow 'e is that a
man don't forget. "E's little —
that'? what everybody knows. And
'is face Is d:'.rk red all over! like a
cherry. And 's 'air must be # white by
th!s time, tiiat I iir.oxv. tar it v>p-> griz
-[•¦dlike when I was "is orderly rearly *J
years ago. And side w'iskcr3 '?? 'a£ then^
though the pictures now make 'ici out
to 'avecrJy a bis bush of mustache above
*is mouth. What color was 'is eye?? I
ti.-uMn't tell you tbat; I don't remember.
One thin? ( do remember, though: when
' *e thaujrht I was pretty goct in tb-2 scr
v'ire "e used to giye me a good fee— just in
a <;uict sort «of way 'e'd say. 'Littlewood.
you've shown yourself a pretty good man*
and that -way 'e'd do jt. A good man is
¦ Bobs." . .?
"A good man. is Bobs"; that Is the.Tom
my Atkins of,, it. '" Jotssy does, not gry
back of this Into the heritage and the
training that made Bobs what' he is. , More
elaborate but no more picturesque is. the
explanation of. him ' that of Irish cxtrac-'
tion. with a dash^ of , French Hnguiiiot
blood In >.'i veins. 'Frederick Sleigh -Rob^
erts was born in 1S30 at Cawnpore. Which
he was afterward to enter as one of the
heroes of an avenging host. His father,-
Sir .Abraham Roberts, had attained . the
B^e .of 90 and become the "Patriarch ot
Indian generals." ,
After spending his boyhood, like all In
dian>bojm British children. In Eng-Iand, at
.^ a reviving sherry had to be kept
* at his bedside. But if his fieari was
C^ functionally we ak. it was fuM of the
finest courage, though i: very nearly
f sunS. on h;s way through the Red Sea
out to India. "I don't know," he said,
'how we ?hal! e rer be abie to
Sght in India if it 5s as ho: as
this." But what" was the heut of the Red
Sea to the torrid sun flames, intensified
by the Sepoy shell fire of Delhi, whicii
were now beginning to Hare up? In May.
1SZ7. news of the mutiny of Jleerut and
the seizure uf Delhi reached Peshawar,
where Lieutenant Roberts was acting as
D. A. Q. G. of the division commanded by
Major General Reed: and presently be
fore Delhi, the headquarters of the rebel
lion, there appeared the Immortal "Field
Ferce." into which Roberts, after urgent
entreaty, had been able to exchange for
the Punjab Movable Column.
It was now tha: his career of glory be-
SHn— a. tsrecr that was repeatedly all but
cut short by th? bullets, shells and sabers
of the Sepoy3. Wherever blows were rife
Lfeutenar.t Roberts was to be found re
joicing in tthe rapture uf the fray. He
was close to Neville Chamberlain when
the latter's arm was shattered by grape
shot: while '"a bullet lodged !n the cap
poueh of Roberts, making a severe bruise
close tu the spine, aad Lad it not been
for the cap-pouch he must have been kill
ed." Bu; wounds he soon recovered from,
and cholera he defcd. When the siege
train at last came. up. Roberts got fiim
aslf attached ta one of the batteries and
was indefatigable in directing its lire. He
— Lad -several hairbreadth escapes, but^
. like CuUs. the "Salamander" at the siege
of -Xainur. he seemed to bear a charmed
life.'
"Roberts." wrote Admiral Oliver Jones,
"is as good as he i3 brave. He la one of
; those rare men who, to uncommon brav
ery and Vlaring in the # field and untllnching
discbarge of duty, in the camp, adds the
charm of "cheering and unaffected - kind
ness and; hospitality in the tent, arid his
acquaintance and friendship are nigh
prizes to'tnose who! obtain them." •
. "Yes, : It's that . kindness '. that counts'," - ;
eays Llttlewood. "It Isn't Jnsf that "e
can 'fight,' bat it's ' the way 'e % 'as with
the men. At Bangaloa.I knew 'lin. but
tip in^ the Nilgiri 'Ills I kpew 'Im better. ;
That's, where men lay. sick 'and'*- dying
and " wishing they was back in England. '
And some of 'em was getting well, whlcn '
makes a man wish so more yet. But be
cause B.obs was there it. wasn't "so bad. i
r~ tfce and
*-" harra< ka la very
'^"^V^^F things v»ry ; there.
i0Zg&jF _J^ even th« o;im._ite. It'a
~¥&W CCOt a ~ a tu " inkli ~k like.
Xgr ,+ more like this climats 'er<»[
KJp aBd th af3 Why sick men wera
Hf * aent there tr> get better. But
W C? when they are so they can get
/"* about a bit b «t aren't ready fo
- & *ctJua. Jhey don't know what to do*
. * - So Roticrts used to get up a'l kj~di
P' cr sport* trith 'eia. •£ CO cid beat any
* k.nd of a man. for there'-vnobcdy liks
Im at sports in tire whole English army
I ve seen Win tilting the rings and
putting- hi 3 lance through .4 or
four nngs at once! And I've se-n
un play at cutting a sheen ! 3
two while riding by and he'd slice it clean
through every time. They tell about tha
time at Lucknow vrhcn 'e followed tft»
rebels and came up with two of 'ens— a
Sikh Sowar and a rebel Sepoy they wer*
—and they "ad musket and bayonst.
They're two and I'm one.' says Bobs to
*ls«lf. -but I think I'll have to be two
this time.' And 'e rode straists: at tha
Sepoy and cut one slash at 'Izn across '13
face and 'e was a dead Sepoy.
"Nobody can get a'ead of Mm la Cght
¦ in* or any other way. 'Is eyes look right
through a' man. tlo Bobs", and it's no usa
to lie. Some of those fel!ow3 in the 'til
country used to try to cheat wsen sheep
v.-ere betas bought. F:rteen pound snee;>
was what the rc?ulat:cns called for. but
twelve or thirteen pounds is a good av
erage and the sheep men ¦would try to get
rid of their twelve pounders. But Bobs
would look sharj> at 'em and then oat
would go the. aheep that didn't com© u;>
to the standard. He didn't waste ;;ae nor
words about it.
'* 'E's a plain man as doesn't put en any
airs and treats men as if "e was one. too
—that's one reason they IlJte 'Im. And an
other reason Is that he !ooUs after rations.
'E means to have Is men fed and '« "ears
compiaints "Inrecit instead of letting 'esj
get lost by way of a. colonel, as mosc
generals do. And thcusrh 'c doa't giva
much fjr a man as dnck.3 'e isn't so 'ardi
aa some of 'cm is.
"A queer tair.sr "appened the other day.
I was goins into a theater and I saw a
man and I icoked "ard at 'ia
and 'e looked "ard at me and we *
wasn't quite sure, but at last^'e up and
says "Laddie." rays 'e. tyou know "ow tKey
talk up countr>>. "Laddie." says "e. "Ifa
little I though: to see ye here.* And who
do you think "e was but one those old
Twelfth Lancers and we waa side by aids
ir. India with Bcba.
"Th?n we talked — oh. we talked! About
all the Twelfth and about Broadwootl,
who was one of us and who t3 belnj
known in Africa now, and about BoSs.
'Bubs, Go«I bless 'Imr is what the meaj
says, ycu know."
This is how it came to be wrtttea that
'"the private soldiers' devotion to Llttla
Bobs was so intense that they would hav»
cheerfully lolioweU nt m to the Infernal
regions. ¦
Testing butter and imitations of hatter
by photography t 3 a plan devised in Min
nesota to lessen the sale of the latter by
insuring the conviction of those violating
the law. Oleomargarine Is generally de
tected without much difficulty, but even
the chemi3t with his liquids, his test tubea
and his minute apparatus has found it di*
ficnlt to draw the line between creamery
and renovated butter, and ' has found It
more difficult to convince a Jury wltli his
chemical formula. With photography,
however, the State chemist saya that ha
can show the difference between butter
and pseudo-butter to even an inexperi
enced eye. "The simple fact to- be consid
ered." .he say*. "}» that pure butter 03
made In tne dairies or at ths creamery
contains only amorphous fat. Any heat
ing process, such as is followed In renova
tion and running in of mlllc. immediately
generates fat crystals. In the oleomarga
rine the crystals from the meat fats add
ed to cottonseed oil are very thick." Light
passed through pure butter appears dull
and translucent, but when there are crys
tals in tha subarar.ee under test bright
and dark spot* wilt appear, forming a pe
culiarly shsuUd picture.
BEST BATTLE OF THE BOER WAR
THE wildest fipht of the Boer war
was on whtn some thousand Boers
discovered that her llajesty"s
Household Cavalry would depart
from Thaba Xchu for Bloemfontein
with $100,000 worth of good white grist
frcra the nulls on the Leettw.
* In.. _ « •_
AlO&g with the Household Cavalry were
the Tccih -Huss-ars. RTairtptcn's Scouts.
Roberts' Horse. Eatteries U and Q of tee
Royal Horse Artiller* and a few mor?
cavalry repirr.cr.ts. The Boers did not
have anything much with tU*ai but their
gur.s ar.d their sppetU'es.
The jtues rvere good, -but it was the
hunger that fes^ht the best that day.
Uvlns for rre^ks on dried meat and
black coffee. Is a great thing for the ap-
Thcse hxttsn Doer* fought for that
flour, not as rr.-n G^bt for their lives: a
man dc** ::nt tare so much for his life—
but h's liinr.er, that is another matter.
'So they icu,;r.t as men finht for- their
Cinders. Thcr-* were 2/i-Xt.OOO loaves of
bread to be baked frcrn that flour. That
The English fought for the honor and
. prestige cf England. The Afrikanders
fought for the rTbur that -would make
their Chasers. The Boers got the Pour, the
Englith the flory.
Th« great corvov was delayed in start
ing from Thaba N'cha ur.tii nearly neon.
It took urtil dark to cross tb<? Mcdder,
¦where they oatrrarr.cd near the v.-ater-
I>uri=s the right the arircai* trrre rest
less. The moles especially, with that keen
ser.se which rr.ckes them more valuable
tha^i watchdo??. snorted and tried re
peatedly to starnpedp.
Tfce sentries couid sec and hear noth
ing:, yet atl the right long the veldt had
strange noises that it smothered from
their «ars.
At daylight all were xrorktng pellmell
to hurry the conrojr ir.to the open, and
aray trim the dangerous surrouri»lirig?.
As 'he f.rst cf :h? g-uar<1 left camp their
ccvir.? cchuna gave a mark for the en
emy to sight at. and cannonading began
frrsra Bc»r artillery, whicii had been
counted during tfc« nl^ht on kopjes east
The convoy had but one way of escape.
Tc the rear were the enemy and the river
Or. the ricrht the river and hills. On th«
left was the embankment of the new rail
way. Frcrn th^re al«o carne a continu
ous spitting of smokel-as rifles. In front
was the op-»n ve!r!t. broken enly by a
fnali spruit and the distant Baesmans
Kop, behind which there was shelter and
For this the cor.voy mad*. The great
wagens tore u? th* ground as they went
down the incline to the drift. That was
the last tfcat was seen of them by the"
British. The Boer* had foreseen the
move.
The g--lly was filled with men armed for
a hand-te-hand fis^bt. On the hifl above
were the sharpshooters, who took advan
tic» of the increasing daylight by mak
ing wing shots at the riders who* mzn
sg^d the artiltery horses. They spent no
tizr.e on cS^ers rr horxss at first.
It was their object to send those dczen
g-jrs careering rcsnd over the veldt with
cr.Jy their runaway horses to j?xi!de them.
nr-sHtgtorrs sconts, Roberts" Horse and
Battery L" were tr^pp^J in the drift.
"Throw down your arm?!" yelled the
En»r«. -Toure surrounded." "Right
a.bcut galloped the En^Iisk to return to
Th>?n came an awful demonstration of
what gur.s can do.
As the meddler beat* the eggs the bul- '
lets cut and ripped. Men. horses and
wagons were sawed and slashed, beaten
and trampled together— even their own
uxssmaitlon was partly exploded by the
fcur.iirj; bullets.
Out of the mass of dead and the tangle
cf 'fyir.g one plucky man foug-ht his way
W?*h hi? t P a3 a»^rl trim
Sa R!a . a driver,
vss the cn'.y cne who escaped. He
managed to reach Q Eattcry just
The order rieft wheel" was
This movemert was the
only one possible and yet
It was but nmaic« the
gauntlet. On the hills
were Bctrs; la the
Evlly were ether
Boers.
They shot a?
before, at the
driver*, and on one 5-un managed to kill
both jhe wheelhorses. The driver, with
out his mount, -was forced to leave the
gun and away went the lead and swing
horses drawing after them the dead
wheelers, the gun and its caisson. That
was a grand fight for the Boers, whu
cheered and scared the wild horses as
they tore up and down the veldt to escape
frcrn the constant explosions of shells
which terrorized thera. '¦¦*-•' r\
For four hours the brave men of Bat
tery Q worked their guns with no hop-?
o* either life or victory.
At last came the time when they cou!d
withdraw net only with hor.or but with
g?ory. Four hours the fig^ht had gone on
and at one of the g"u:is were was but one
To continue the fight they would lose
not cn!y their liv*>s fcut the guns as well.
Their lives were their own, but the guns
belonged to their country ar.d could not
Of the twelve cannon which had been
taken into action five were already In
the hands of tl-e Boers, who redoubled
their fire Khen they saw the cherts being
made to rescue the remainder.
Two of the hindmost guns were cap
tured by the Boers killing nearly every
man with them. Two more were moved
to a sheltered spot by tha major, a ser
peant .ir.d three men of <j Battery, who
took the places of the horses at dragging
the guns, leaving the ammunition carts on
the field.
The other guns were decently retired
by their horses, although fcut two of them
had their complete equipment.
It ras sadder than a funeral to see the
remnant of BroadTiood's force moving
slowly across the ford toward Boesmans
Kop. while the enemy held hfgh riot with
the food that ended their famine.
The London Times correpsondent sums
the action in these few strong words:
"The Renting of Q Battery is another
instance cf how devotedly puns can be
served to save the situation for all arms.
Surrounded by a semi-circle of marksmen,
the gunners stood by their guns. Three
men were loading, laying and tiring a gun:
then two; then a single man: in one case
an otHe^r alone. But the end was gained. '•
When the order came tor the guns to re
tire there were ten men and one omcer
able to stand upon their feet, and they
were not all unweunded. Seven guns and
a baggage train were lost, but honor wa3
saved."
The British army supply system Is based
en three principles-first, to obtain, as far
a* possible, food from the region of opera
tions: second, to establish* depots along
the llne.j of communication f ,<r feeding th^
troops in case the supply which the coun
try yields is not sufficient : third, to keep J"
* sufficient food reserve, with a field /^
force to render it independent for a
few days, should by any chance the rf
supply frnm th- country as well •+
as from the depots run short. g) A
Foreseeing the impossibility *- f
of depending for food to any () f
prrat extent upon the coun- *¦ f '
try itself, the British Got- (3 W-V.
i-rnmoT.t has made unus- *¦'
ually large provision f;r 0 f . ¦¦
its supply depots and ,*" J-* }
food reserve, and £/' f ;_^._.
-as employed a J*" f - .
tag food of all kinds to the distributing
points * at Cape Town, East London
and Durban. It has so provided with
its food reserve and its emergency rations
that each army ccrps in the field is able
to operate for five days Independently of
its lines of communication.
The rerular daily rat'-on served out to
the British soldier consists of one pound
of fre?h meat, one and a fourth pounds of
bread and four ounces of sugar, coffee and
other trimming. The cooking la done by
the company. The emergency ration con
sists of preserved meat, vegetables and
biscuits, and in active service each man
carries an emergency ration of one day's
food, to be used only if all other sources
cf supply fail. For its Vead supply each
army corps depends almost entirely on its
field bakery, which forms an essential
;>art of it; equipment.
As for rirtnk, that necessity of course
crrr.es chiefly from the country itself in
the shape of watf r. and engineers are pro
vided with materials for sinking wells
where running water is not obtainablt,
and supply colurahs and bearer companies
have wat<?rcarts for conveying drink to
the men fn the field.' The vital relation
cf a drink supply to the fortunes of war
received a tragic illustration In the bloody
affair at Spion Kcp. v. h!ch the British
were forced to abandon! according to their
own account, rart'y because no water
v.-as obtainable for the men who were en
deavoring to hold the position
— '¦
Throughout almost the whole of the
Transvaal you come across every now
and then some soecifs cf the dreaded ;
fever trc^-a .twisted, distorted tree, &
who-e Uvid preen true* and J*"
branches bear no leaf nor blossom. jT
In appearance !t is quite the most ¦>*
¦faster bit of vegetation imag- V
lr.able and. no matter how r) A
weary his oxen or how weary * AT*
his own feet, the South Af- Af, - :
rifan trekker or prospc-c- *¦ AfM
tor will plod en for miles C? AfJk
rather than outspan Jfr Af *. ?
even for one night In 0 JC
the neighborhood of * /*''•'?. V~*--' -¦
this baleful tree, (3 jT - - : '--'¦ '-<
which means dls- AT ¦"'-'"
aster and death. (} \_-. Y-;' ;
GTci«y s ncf t^ : jf. /
3In "Marshfleld the Observer." Egerton
Castle very ably Fustains the reputation
he made as the author of "The Pride of
Jennico." for while his last book is one of
short stories and In that respect differs
from his previous publications, he has lost
none of the originality and brllliar.cy that
characterizes his former works and made
them so popular. Thore are six stories.
one of them. "The Death Dance." was
published in 1S93 and will probably be fa
miliar to most readers. The* remaining
five are new. nn<1 purport to bo the results
cf o'trrful observations on the part of
Marshfi«.id. and are told by him. Marsh
field himself Joes not figure, conspicuous
ly in any of the stories he tells, and, In
fact, rather reminds one of Dr. Watson
of Sherlock Holmes fame. Th<? stories
are all good and deserving of-f careful
reading, but without doubt tho best of the
collection Is tho second one In the book.
"Mrs Tolln:ag<>." The description of Cos
mos Cameron Is peculiarly striking, and
examination such as is required In Eng
land. He says: "The appointments to «t
are not limited to any one class of the
community, but are open to all sorts and
conditions of men. and the plan yields*
something to the desire for patronage In
appointments and to their equal distribu
tion among the States." ("Colonial Civil
Service," by A. Lawrence Lowell. Pub
lished by the Macmillan Company, New
York. Price $1 50.)
"Tbe Jury Trial of 1900."
Every Presidential election for years
past has been marked by the publication
of o large number of books and.pamph
lets discussing the issues of the time in
such forms as the writers deemed most
likely to attract readers and affect voters.
This i year is to be no exception to the
rule. Tho publication of such works has
already begun. One of the first Is an
c-laborate. volume of 294 pages entitled
"The Jury Trial of 1900." The author rep
resents the case of Bryan vs. McKinley
as being heard In the Court of Public
Opinion before Judge Levclhead. com
monly known as Uncle Sam. The action*
is brought to oust McKJoley from the
estlng artistic enterprise which ; promises
Important ethnological results was un
dertaken two. or three years ago by Hu
bert.Vos, the Dutch portrait painter, now
a naturalized American, namely, to paint
a series of types of the world's races. Mr.
Vos has already painted twenty or thirty
such portraits, and In an article on the
subject by Charles de Kay In the June
Century, four of them will be shown — Ha
waiian, Chinese, Japanese and East In
dian. In the difficult approach to some
of these types Mr. Vos has been assisted
by his wife, formerly the Princess Kaikl
lanl of Hawaii. The completed gallery Is
Intended for a museum.
The June number of McClure's Is par
ticularly strong and varied in its contents,
both as regards fiction and special arti
cles. President Kruger of the South Afri
can republic is portrayed in an acute char
acter study by F. Edmund Garrett, who
has had the advantage of personal contact
with the remarkable Boer leader and is
thoroughly familiar with his past career
find with the political history of the
Boers. Excellent portraits of Kruger and
his wife are Included. J. Lincoln Stef
fens of the Now York Commercial Adver
tiser relates some striking "incidents of
conflict" between Goverr.or Roosevelt and
iho party loaders, and considers whether
his first term as Governor has turned out
to be a successful experiment. A fully Il
lustrated article on the Cape Nome gold
fields, by William J. Lampton. describes
life In Nome City, which is "the largest
of its age In lhe world." and gives the
latest and exactest Information available
concerning the possibilities of this new
gold region, one that is much richer than
th»s;world. The nobility— of family or of
wealth— furnish attractive pictures, for
him who Tikes to. paint flowing draperies
and antique carvings and hot-house beau
- ty. The slums furnish the most glowing
opportunities j for melodramic climaxes:
climaxes of heroic burglars and disguised
* dukes. But the commonplace people— the
ones who live out, dull lives In dull
honesty; the ones who never open a morn
ing paper to recognize their own pictures
therein, exploited on the strength of great
fame, great wealth or a great crime — of
these.- the people of neutral tint, the
world's browns and drabs, of these Fran
cols Coppee is an interpreter.
Above all, he can take this neutral
tinted material and give it positive, vivid
color. In his unostentatious manner, as
retiring as are the people he draws, he
has made the little stationer and the
cheap story-writer and the old tobacco
dealer real and vital and significant— they
who would most likely tell you In all
modesty that they are the most insignih
cant people in life, and that their exit
would make not one whit difference.
The tales are of the quiet little hero
isms that go, for the most part, unsung.
They and Coppee are worthy of one an
other. -
It would not be fair to the author to
print blunt outlines of the stories. Given
in few words. It sounds like cheap senti
mentality that a poor young man should
•take upon himself the care of a feeble old
woman and a little child who have no
claim upon him. and that he should there
after, be a happier man and a more ef
fective writer. It is the author's sincerity
that makea such tales convincing, and it
can speak only for Itself.
A pathetic strain of humor runs throueh
ued in the June Truth; by a finely illus
trated article on John II. Dolph, animal
painter. The pictures are reproductions
from some of the artist's best work and
include two charming color pages. A fully
illustrated article on Atlantic City also
appears in this number, accompanied by
a full page in color from the painting by
Charles Graham. Among other Interest-
Ing articles will be found: "A Visit to
Earbizon." by Elizabeth M. Elgin; "Sum
mering in a Houseboat," by Gustav
Kobbe; "Characteristic Manuscripts," by
Caroline Ticknor. and the conclusion of
Henry James' clever story, "Miss Gunton
of Poughkeepsle." Each of these articles
is illustrated and the magazine contains,
besides, several color pages, poems and
the usual departments.
Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for
June opens with an illustrated article of
extraordinary and unique Interest, entitled
"The President's War," by a veteran jour
nalist-diplomat. DeB. Randolph Keim.
President McKinley is here shown "at the
helm," as commander in chief of the army
and navy of the United States in the late
war with Spain, and a detailed description
of the marvelous "war room" in the
White House, with specially authorized
photographs, is for the first time given to
the public. "A Metropolitan Xisht:
Glimpses of New York With a Newspaper
Reporter," Is the self-explanatory title of
a graphic and picturesque article by Sam
uel Hopkins Adams. Blanche Z. BaraU
writes eloquently of "The Greatest Pas
sion in History." that of Juana la Loca.
the mad Queen of Spain. "At the Ends
of the British Empire." by Robert E.
Speer, is an exceptionally brilliant piece
C. Knowles, Is an Inviting topic handled
with much dramatic force. "Japan"-*
Quarrel With Rassia," by R. Van Eergen.
and "The Growth of the Ocean Flyer.'
by Robert Earl, are valuable reading. Be
sides, there 13 a humorous story by Major
W. P. Drury, an Indian story by Duncan
Campbell Scott, the well-known Canadian
writer, and other stories by Ople Read.
Howard Fielding and Brigadier General
Charles King. (Street & Smith, publish
ers. New York.)^
Leafy June. Is high carnival for Out
ing's readers, and color strikes the key
note of Its issue. It comes in Jt3 new an 1
permanent three-color cover by Max
field Parrish. and its opening article on
"The Country Cart of To-Day." by Cas
par Whitney, has nine Illustrations in
four colors by Edward Fenfield. It is tN*
season when" the road calls with m< r*
than siren power, aud "Early Road Dr:v.
Ing and Its Patron^" is a. welcome re
minder of other Junen and other men.
June. too. claims pofo for Its own. ami
the "Educating. of a Polo Pony" come*
from the pen of Ow?n Wister. tingod
with the serio-comic persiflage of Utffi
Sifted writer. June. too. is when "How
to Lay Out and Care for a Golf Course
la seasonable, and "The Why and Where
fore of the Rules of Golf" will be under
stood as explained toy C. B. Macclonal.l.
a member of the N. G. A. rules commit
tee. Angler? will find in "A Bit About
Bass" a wealth of practical knowledge,
and "The Evolution of the Trcut and Ar
tificial Fly" explains many a. troutins
mystery, while "The Water Wolf" la a
reminiscence of the muscallonse In June.
"On the Big Sea Water" tells of a cruise
In Georgian Bay. the most picturesque of
American yachtins waters. "In Wood
land's Byways" is a delightful morning's-
walk through tho Chautauquan woods,
beautifully embellished by J. Oliver Nu
gent. "The Road avid Its Reward" Is a
dainty bicycling idyl. More adventurous
spirits will follow the fortunes of "Twen
ty-four Hours in the Ropes." an ascent of
the Matterhorn, and th»j absorbing "Jun
gle Duel." a tiger fight to the death. Still
others, with equal pleasure, will read of
"The Singing Gibbcn," a vocal ape of tha
Philippines, and George Wharton James*
powerful description of "The Hop! Snake
L>ance." a mystic ceremony of a strange
people on the mesas of Arizuna.
The June number of "The Bookman"
(the summer reading number) has a spe
cial cover by G. C. Parker, and contains
among other^ articles a valuable paper on
"The Boer War," by Spenser Wilkinson.
Mr. Wilkinson, as is well known, is tha
military, critic of the London Post.
Other papers in this Issue are:
"The Yiddish Theater in New York," by
Hutchins Hapgood; an article by Rev.
Xewell Dwight Hillla (of Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn) on the successful new
novel, "The Redemption of David Cor
son"; Professor Harry Thurston Peck'3
paper on Mrs. Dudeney and Aylmer
Mr.ude'a article en Count Tolstoi.
"The Engineering Magazine" for June 13
even unusually rich in timely and impor
tant articles. Admiral Hichborn. chief
constructor. United States navy, leads tho
number with a splendid illustrated review
of the submarine boat, discussing it ably
both as a mechanical development and a
tactical factor. He gives striking and
little-known facts as to the Ions-demon
strated success and argues convincingly
for its adoption by the United States as
an essential element for the defense of a
long and Insufficiently protected coast
line. Another authoritative military feat
ure is an illustrated article on "The Dis
appearing Gun Carriage," by G. H. Pow
ell, secretary of the board of ordnance
and fortifications. United States army.
The political utterances of ex-President
Grover Cleveland, always weighty and
well considered, are looked forward to
with all the more eagerness and interest
by the public from the rareness of tho
occasions on which he permits himself to
break his long self-imposed silence. He
has recently delivered at Princeton two
discourses on "The Independence of thq
Executive," which his long Presidential
experience peculiarly qualified him to
treat. The June "Atlantic" contains ths
first of these addresses, which treats his
torically the growth and adjustment of
the relations between the President and
Congress, down to and including the
famous tenure of office bill and its effects
in succeeding administrations.
Literary Notes.
Dodd, Mead & Co. will publish Imme
diately Mrs. M-ynell's monograph oa
Ruskln.
The eclipse of May 23. 1900. and total
eclipses In general are treated clearly and
Interestingly In Mrs. Mabel Loomls Todd'3
"Total Eclipses of the Sun," a new edition
of which has just been issued. The vol
ume contains a map of stars and planets
that will appear near the eclipsed sun on
May 23. 1000; and also a chart giving tho
path and duration of the total eclipse, as
It crosses the Southern States. (Boston:
Little, Brown & Company, publishers.
Price, JL) £--r:
BooKs Received.
There seems to be an agreement amonj?
tbe dramatic critics that "To Have and
To;Hold," the novel of the Jamestown
settlement, by Miss Mary Johnston, which
Is now on the crest of the wave of popu
larity, will make a successful play. Tho
Boston Journal says: "It is an unerring:
instinct which has led Charles Frohman
to secure the dramatic rights. The story
as a play Is sure to be as remarkably suc
cessful as the book itself has been." Tho
New York Evening Sun proposes Mary
Mannering for the p-rt of Jocelyn Leigh.
declaring her to be the only American,
actress Ideally fitted for and capable of
Interpreting the character. A writer In
the Chicago Tribune says: "I may say.
without exaggeration, that whoever gets
tbe dramatic rights of this book Rets the
best thing in the dramatic world at this
moment. It la a great part for the right
actress." He does not say wha>he is.
though he deo'ares he knows her; and
after all Mr. Frohman will cast the part,
so that no one need worry overmuch about
It.
COIN. CURRENCY AND COMMERCE,
by Philip A. Robinson. The Neale Com
pany. Washington. Price $1 2>.
THE DEVIL UNMASKED-By the Lit
tle Deacon. Cooksey Publishing Com
pany Olney. 111. Cloth $1. paper 50 cents.
ANGLO-AMERICAN GUIDE TO EX
HIBITION PARIS— Published by tha
Frederick A. Stokes Company. Paper, 5J
cents.
DETROIT. MICHIGAN— Illustrating Us
commercial Importance, the beauties of Its
location and the many features that hava
given it a good name tho world over.
Published by 'the Photochrom Company.
Detroit. Mich.
THAT KENTUCKY CAMPAIGN— Hy
R E. Hughes. F. W. Schaefer and E. L.
William". Louisville, Ky. The Robert
Clarke Company, publishers. Cincinnati.
Ohio. $1 ?3-
A DREAM OF A THRONE— By Charles
Fleming Embree. Little, Brown & Co.,
Boston. II 50.
PROPHETS OF THE NINETEENTH
CENTURY— By May AUlea Ward. Lit
tle Erovr. & Co.. Boston. Price 75 cents.
BIRD STUDIES WITH A CAMERA-
By Frank M. Chapman. D. Appieton &
Co.. New York. $1 75.
THE CROSS OR THE POUND—
WHICH?— By Major Pangborn. Tho
American News Company, New York.
Paper. 50 cents.
CURRITA, COUNTESS OF ALBOR
NOZ^Translated from the Spanish of
Lute'Coloma ,by Estelle Huyck Attwell.
Little. Brown &'Co.. Boston., Jl 50.
THE SEAFARERS— By John Bloun
delle-Burton. D. Appieton & Co.. New
YorK. Paper. CO cents.
THE ETHICS OF JUDAISM-By M.
Lazarus. Ph.D. The Jewish Publication
Society of America, Philadelphia.
A HISTORY OF THE LOS ANGELES
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE— Bjr Charles" 1
Dwight Willard. secretary of the'cham
ber. Press of Klngsley-Barnes & Xeuner
Company, Los Angeles. \
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the final scene trhero Cameron induces
"Mrs. Tollmage." The- description of Cos
him. and that. too. ripiht under her hus
band's eyes, is absolutely unique, and
though it lraves one ckviling at its utter
improbability, its impression upon the
mind is fo vivid as to 1 , make the charac
ters real and til! one with sympathy for
the poor old arch-dearon left alone to
bear his humiliation and idishonor. (Hi
S. Stone & Co., Chicago and New York;
"Colorjial Civil; Service."
The necessity of providing some form of
administrative service for. our possessions
in the Wc?t Indies and the Philippines
renders it worth while making a careful
.study of the colonial ; governments of
other countries; and th^ new volume of
A. Lawrence Lowell onj "Colonial Civil
Service" Is therefore one of the most
timely publications of the', year. The work
gives an account of the history and pres
ent condition of the colonial service of
Great Britain, France arid Holland, and
Is supplemented by an Interesting cnapter
on "The. East India College at Halley
bury." at which Institution young men
were trained for the Eastllndian service.
The chapter was contributed by H. Morse
Stephens, and is one of the most interest
ing features of the book. \ : -
After reviewing the vntlous methods
tried by different countries and at dif
ferent times for the selection of persons
for colonial governmental \ service, Mr.
Lawrence favors for this country the es
tablishment of a national training school
similar to those at, West Polht and Anap
olis. An Institution of that! kind, he ar
gues, would not conflict wltlvany popular
prejudices as would a 'high, competitive
Presidency. The testimony on the differ
ent sides is taken from speeches or writ
ings of a number of leading men, includ
ing Senators Lodge. Jones, Fetter, Till
man, Caffery, Pettigrew. JJeveridge,
Thurston and Allison, and Havemeyer,
Rockefeller, Thurber and other noted
business men. Occasionally fictitious
characters are introduced in order to give
tho author an opportunity to advance his
own ideas. The discussion covers the is
sues involved In the questions of cur
rency, trusts and Imperialism. The work
Is a defense of jthe Republican policies,
and is a valuable' addition to' the litera
ture of the campaign, 'ns it rcontains a
large amount of information on the vari
ous subjects and . extensive quotations
from prominent 'men ' concerning , them.
"The Jury Trial .of 1900," by Joseph R.
McLaughlin. (Published by Laird & Lee;
Chicago. Cloth 75 cents, ; paper 25. cents.)
. "Trje Trarjsvaal Trouble."
John; Hays Hammond, .whose . address '
on "The Transvaal Trouble" was one of
the most notable contributions to, the dis
cussion in this country - on the war in
South Africa, has had the" address, pub
lished in pamphlet Sorm and thus enabled
all who wire interested in it by the sum
mary given through ; the newspapers to
readUhe whole.-.- It-Is about the clearest
statement of the; miners' side, of the con
troversy that has yet been ' made, and'
amply demonstrates that the mine own
ers had Just cause of complaint against
the Boer Government. :. (Issued' by The
Abbey Press.' 114 Fifth avenue, New;York,
Price 25 cents.) . - ¦ -¦ ... :
Talcs for Christmas.
So few of the makers of books see any
, opportunity in the commonplace people of
Musiraiions from the Aatest Book of College fiction. "Jianford Jtories" by Charles K field and Mill J* Jrvin.
the book. In VThe Christian Lovers," for
instance:
"Like many another. Desire, in his
young artist life, had <: earns of glory.
But a man has to fight th.se dreams when
he stops to consider the price 'of butter/
I once knew a younK pool who used scorn
fully to' shrug his shoulders at the
tion of Victor Hugo's name, yet' he now
has to earn his forty sous a day by. com
posing each morning at-his shaving mir
ror a rhymed couplet extolling the vir
tues of a certain, kind j- of soap." And I
don't know that he is to be pitied. A franc
a line Is a good price." (Published by Lit
tle, Brown & Co., Boston. Price $1.) .
-Tbe Magazines. ..
Simultaneous with the reannouncement
of. The Century's prizes for college grad
uates, of the present year appears (lnlts
June number) the successful essay in the
competition • of last year, the poem and
story ¦ having already been ". printed. The
topic is ;"The Poetry of William Blake 1 ,',
andtho writer is Henry Justin Smith of
Chicago University. ",.- >.
It is not general known that attached to
the staff of the Paris Observatory. is an:
American astronomer, Miss Ddrothea
Klumpke of Callfornial;Iri November last,
in company , with a friend and . aeronaut;
Miss I Klumpke* made, a.n j ascension from'
the'eity^of Paris with the purpose of ob
serving the expected shower of 'leonids.
Her experience of "A Night in a Balloon,"
on .a trlpo which to ; the
of the sea',' will be narrated by' her -In the
June Century, with illustrations by Cas
talgne, drawn under, her directions, and
with • a portrait 1 - of : the writer. An inter-
even the Klondike. "Experiments in Fly
ing." by d. Chanute. is an account of the
author's own flying machines, one of
which was so constructed as to maintain
successfully a speed of seventeen miles
an. hour. The article is illustrated from
photographs. One of the most striking
features of the number is a thrilling na
val story of the Japanese-Chinese war by
Adachl Klnnosuke, who is almost the only
existing Japanese; writer whose literary
reputation has been established by his
work in the English language. How the
Hiyel ran the; gauntlet of the Chinese
squadron, how the valiant Yamaji fulfilled
his dedication by his dying father to the
service of the, Emperor of Japan— all this
Is, graphically and thrilllngly • told. The
pictures. are full of action and, unusually
effective. • In : addition to this there are
several other good short stories. There is
also a true historical story by the Rev..C.
T. Brady— the 7 story of the greatest fight
In the history ¦ of American privateers-
Reid's great ¦; fight In* the General Arm
strong against the British.
The June number of VickV Magazine Is
of special interest to^ rose "growers. 'The
frontispiece ': Is ' a *, handsome « colored plate
of the: new hybrid tea rose Liberty,', which
was shown 7 at the great i rose exhibition
in New York in March last. The plants
of '.this have 1 bee.n oftered'to- the
public this spring: for the firsftlme/ Other
new roses' are > illustrated , and
so;that the readers is kept abreast, of the
timesi in- relation > to '-_ the principal new
rose Introductions.:- Much other rose mat
ter is i distributed '¦¦ through Its pages and
very. excellent Instructions for the culture
of. garden roses. ¦"¦-/' - ..
.The American Artists' Scries Iscontin-
of descriptive writing, accompanied by
many beautiful views of India. Martha
McCuloch-WUUams contributes a quaint
and delightful raper, which she calls "A
Brief for the Defense In the Case -of that
Crownless and Unchristian Martyr the
Mule." The story of a woman's lov? and
sacrifice is told in "For His Honor's
Sake," by Martha, Henderson Gray.
"Women as Architects" are Interestingly
discussed by Jos-eph Dana Miller. Poems
and "Marginalia" sketches are from the
pens of Madison Cawein, Minna Irving,
Jennie Betts Hartswlck. Henry Tyrrell,
Lawrence Porcher Hext and Mary Sar
gent Hopkins.
"Engineering a Presidential Campaign"
is a timely and readable leader In Ainstee's
for'June. It was written by L. A. Cool
idge, the well-known Washington corre
spondent, and treats not of nomination
oratory and the fireworks of conventions,
but of the infinitely more fascinating ma
chinery, that makes the wheels of conven
tions move and"or,the men In the various
parties who engineer the campaign. The
Chinese Minister, "\Vu Ting Fang, con
tributes an article/ In which he states his
conviction that there is a vast field for
American trade fn China. He . makes a
plea for the study of Chinese In American
universities and Would like us to help his
countryman to learn English; by making:
our spelling. phonetic. "Champ Clark and
His District,'' by Theodore Dreiser, Is an
excellent picture of this , very individual
man and his very Individual district. In
"Our Foreign -Population," by John Gil
mer Speed, there Is a comprehensive study
of jj the many' foreign elements that are
being assimilated by the American peo
ple.' "Storms of the Rockies," by Thomas
«7v? BOOK that will be received with
/lA\ open arms by the California col-
Jj \> lejre world in general and Stanford
enthusiasts in particular, is a lit
tle voluma of fiction by Charles K. Field
end Will H. Irwln, which has Just been
published under the title of "Stanford
Stories." As the name implies It is a
pen picture of life at the Leland Stanford
Jr. University— the youngest In the sister
hood of higher institutions— and seen
through youthful college eyes the por
trnyal is a good one. Even from the view
point of the general reader, who has
never had the chance to breathe ' four
yparf" atmosphere of campus trials, trib
ulations and fun, the stories will not be
found wanting In interest, for they pos
tcss literary merit in their clever plots
and bright dialogues.
One fault is to be found, though not a
gravo one and probably one that will be
considered a merit by the student readers
of the book, and that is in the excessive
u?e of slang. Everybody knows that th*
college man uses mere slang than any
other individual in the world, barring not
even the powery boy — quite gentlemanly
rlang »t is. but nevertheless expressions
Strangely and wonderfully formed that
require an interpreter or a colloquial dic
tionary for the uninitiated to follow. In
a prefatory note it is explained: "It may
be. necessary to add that. In the endeavor
to present the actual life of the univer
sity it has seemed quite Inadvisable te
edit the conversation of the characters
from ihe standpoint cf the English purist.
Since, however, those readers who boggle
over slang could hardly be much Interest
ed in the undergraduate, it is sufficient
merely to call attention to the point." AH
well and good. Let us forgive the "con
versation of the characters," but In the
words and descriptions of the author!
themselves there appear as many myster
ious colloquialisms as are put In the
mouths of the lay figures. This Is hardly
necessary and detracts from the dialogue
—it gives too much of a good thing. The
writers might at least let their own ob
servations go in plain Ehgllsh and culti
vate to a small extent the kind regard
of the purist- It cannot be true that
"those readers who boggle over slang
could hardly l>e much interested In the
undergraduate," for in these days of prac
tically free Instruction nearly every, man,
woman and child in the State Is interest
ed directly or indirectly In some under
graduate—some sister, brother, cousin or
friend, who js taking a university course.
Beycnd this exception there Is none to
be taken. The writers have done what
they intended to do. given clever, bright,
snappy sketches of the inner college life,
the hard work, the fresh freshman, tho
charming co-ed, the fraternity initiations.
the class elections, the idolized footballer
and all with the proper glamor of college
smuke and college liquid refreshments,
the inspiring ".stein."
There are given thirteen short stories in
the book— possibly an unlucky number for
hoi pollol but a mascot for the college
man, to whom, outside of his conditions In
knotty studies, everything Is golden. The
text is lightened with four photogravures,
pleasing souvenirs of Stanford views,
which are reproduced upon this page.
The first story, under the caption of "A
Midwinter Madness." is full of vim and
ploas-.ant fun. It recounts an Incident of a
gice club trip. The desire of the first
mandolin to cut short his contract with
the club that h<* may bask in the light of
a pair of bright eyes whose magic has
made a strong tug upon his heart-strings.
In honor bound to continue the tour, ha
invents an excuse* of illness. His fellow
musicians suspect the seriousness of hla
malady, and explaining to the local phy
ician that he is Insane manage to have
him placed under strict surveillance,
greatly to the patient's disgust. The out
look seems blue for the lovelorn glee man.
but the tables are turned most unexpect
edly, and just as the reader thinks the
cause a forlorn one the fair one. with the
aid of a telephone, makes a happy rescue.
The discomfiture of the confident club
men returning to enjoy the fruits of their
counter-plot is very cleverly written.
An interesting description of fraternity
troubles in rushing the desirable freshman
to inorras-e their list of members Is con
tained in the story entitled "His Uncle's
Will." This was originally printed In the
Sequoia, with the title. "The Fate of
Freshman Hatch."
"The Initiation of Dromio" gives a very
funny account of a serious mistake on the
part of a Greek letter fraternity whose
members. In the out-of-door horseplay of
an initiation, got a young college profes
bor mixod with their candidate, owing to
a striking likeness between the two. and
proceed to put the unfortunate young man
through a series of athletic exercises, dis
covering their mistake only after they
had given him a cold plunge. The youth
fulness of some of Stanford's professors
lias oltcn been the subject of comment
and the source of many a college laugh
on account of the unsophisticated fresh
man taking him for a fellow-newcomer.
"The Substituted Full Back" is the
Ftror.gest stcry in the book. It has a
touch of the weird and metaphysical
mixed in v.-ith the flavor and vigor of
football talk that makes most Interesting
reading. The dramatic effect Is well
worked out and the sketch will be found
worthy in itself outside of its relation to
college affairs. It hinges on the death of
the favorite full back and captain of the
loam just prior to the Thanksgiving da>
fame with Berkeley and his remark to
the ooOese ccach that "I will come back
If there is anything in it at all." Ashley,
the scrub full back, takes the place of the
former iui:i Idol and Is visited with queer
spells in ti.*» critical periods of practice
j>lay of suddenly seeming to be imbued
with the spirit of the dead man. The
wcirdness of it all is not overdrawn and,
lr. fact, ti cade to seem quite plausible.
The game Is won for Stanford just at
the crufi.-.l moment and under a veil of
fascinating mystery.
Two of th" sketches bring in as central
figures Sirs. Stanford and the late Senator
Stanford, showing well the students' ap
preciation of the founders of the institu
tion*
Another story. "An Alumni Dinner,"
gives a picture of the hard-up graduate
str-JKglinB with the world for the festive
Collar, and turns on a laughably pathetic
Incident of two financially stricken Stan
ford men inviting <aeh other out to din
ner with malice aforethought on the part
of effecting a loan from the other — only
to :iad that they both would willingly
loan, but haven't a cent, and had hoped
to borrow.
"One Commencement" gives a pen pic
ture of tho departure of the thirty-five
students who enlisted In the First Cali
fornia Volunteers and sailed Way on
Commencement Jay, the 23th of May, 1E3S.
It i» one that will appeal to every Call
forr.lan and to people in a good many
Other States as well.
Several of the characters run through
out the book which, while not making
any one story dependent upon any other,
gives a pleasing continuity to the whole
end identifies the characters more
itronglr. *C^
Messrs. Field and Irwln are to be con
gratulated upon their good work. It Is to
be hoped that some student of Berkeley
will give us a few glimpses of the other
ride of the bay. College stories are al
ways acceptable, as is evinced by the.re
ception accorded the publication of sev
eral similar books on Eastern college life.
end another book giving us pen pictures
of the doings at the State University
would find many friends. (Published by
Doubleday, Page & Co., New York. Prico
Jl 15.)
"Marshfield the Observer."
BOOK REVIEWS
4George F^^C^ Sh« d &y- AV- D- ..
army. His reports were all made by
rapid dictation, interrupted by messages
from the different health officers, munici
pal and public boards. Two stenograph
ers worked i in alternate, while two type
writers clicked and copy was rushed to
the telegraph offices and for press use
without time to alter a word.
, It was a trying time to one on the in
side, for other States were commencing
to think of closing the gates upon us and
the disease itself, while represented by
the smallest microbe in the world has in
versely J&a evil.
taining his opinions best shows the In
tense " interest of Eastern readers in his
reports.
Clock time here is three hours later
than New York time.
For hours In the '.evening his rooms
were like general headquarters of the
' Dr. Shrady's work .was not finished .un
til late in the day, \ and then he was be
sieged by Eastern correspondents,
anxious to get the news across the conti
nent in time for their morning papers,
which commence t6 sell on the street
there when it is only midnight here.
ing the serious way In which; he under
took his thorough and .difficult -Inquiries.
"We, of course, think because we are
far away, self-supporting and contented,
that our methods of ¦ existence and . our
welfare are immaterial' to ; those- on the
far side of the continent.
The interest taken by the Ea'stern and
foreign papers In our recent j experience
shows the wonderful influence, the State
is beginning to exertion the rest of the
United States and parts of Europe.
Think what would happen : should
plague have spread to such, an-cxtent . in
lcrnoon.
Together they walked down town to the
office of the New Yorker, his cab in the
meantime following his course.
The conversation turned upon the
amount of work and study which had
been done by the hospital surgeon, and
the comparatively small reward which
it had received in the way of public
recognition.
When they arrived at the office, still
continuing their ideas upon the subject.
Dr. Sfcrady while opening his letters was
suddenly Ftartled by one, and rereading
It announced to his companion that he
•was summoned to attendance upon Gen
eral U. S. Grant, then In his slow, last
Illness at ML McGregor.
"There." said his physician friend, "will
be the reward of your years of drudging
work. Chances come, if one Js but ready
to take them when they do."
As surgeon In attendance upon Grant:
p.ssJstinjar when Garfleld was struck by
the assassin's bullet; "making a post mor
tem on that same assassin; holding daily
cable consultation? with Sir Morrell Mac
kenzie when Emperor Frederick was dy
ing; those ere some of the times when
the eyes of the world have been upon
this eminent physician.
Jt is strange, almost impossible for Cal-
ifornlans to realize, that Dr. Shrady him
self considers the work that he has done
California as the most important of his
life. "I believe In the army of peace,"
he said. "A great general kills many
men, hence his greatness. Another per
son may s~.ve a hundred thousand lives
by one word, and if he lose his own from
the effects of his labors people will merely
say 'He was much interested In science.' "
Californians do not know the Importance
attached to their State— Its people, pro
ducts and commerce — by the great cities
of the fast, said Dr. .Shrady, in explain-
In speaking to Dr. Shrady he remarked
that in all of his twenty years of prac
tice he had not done as much surgical
work as Dr. Shrady had In that one af-
lor taking pains.
It v.-as Dr. Shrady's connection with the
Grant affair which first brought him into
his greatest public notice.
He had been working at his hospital
surgery in Xcw York all one day, making
operations of importance, one after an
other, with rtiat finished mechanical case
and rapidity which no handiworker other
than the surgeon ever seems to achieve.
Among the audience of students and
practitioners who always attend at the
hospital to see the Instructive illustra
tions of surgical practice was a country
physician and surgeon of ordinarily suc
cessful practice.
There aro 70 .OX' physicians and surgeons
In ftev Y<irk; one of them is George Fred
erick f-rcdy. Why has he risen to world
fame while- po many others, as he says,
as competent and learned as himself yet
work unnoticed in their placet;? There is
always an explanation for pre-eminence.
Usually it is gtnius. and that has been
correctly defir.ed as an Infinite capacity
man.
But there are peculiarities about George
Frederick Shrady which are striking. His
vitality and exuberant spirits are wonder
ful. After the trying, exciting experience
of chasing the black death through China
town all day. making investigations and
•writing reports through the evening, still
at midnijrht he was fresh and ready to
talk of ar.y subject but himself.
He is a man cf medium height, with an
unusually larjre head— so large that his
hat drops over the ears of men with much
Inrger frames than his. Another charac
teristic is the peculiar suppleness and
power cf his hands, which he has a habit
of putting through various delsartean
movements as he speaks.
His fingers are spatulate to an unusual
c!<~frree. indicating capability and fondness
for hard work. At the same time they
Vend backward to a prreat angle, showing
peculiar adaptation for intricate manual
Hi? ears are noticeably large, a feature
which predicates exceedingly strong mem
ory and great caution, both of which are
admirable traits in a surgeon, who must
have every artery, nerve ar.d bone of the
body constantly in mind when operating.
THE v.-orld once came near losing a
big lot of brains. A small boy was
tryinp to blow down the barrel of a
gun which he had been told was not
leaded. Deir.g unable to blow hard
enough to get any results, he asked
his brother to raise the hammer. As the
brother attempted to do so the hammer
flipped and struck hard enough to jar the
teeth of the young man who was trying
to Mow. The {run. being pointed at a crow
and fired, brought down the bird.
Dr. George Frederick Shrady is the per
son who was :it the business end of the
gun. and he still has a way of taking hold
of the dangerous end of things when cir
cumstances so demand, regardless of dan
ger to himself, for that experience either
made a fatalist of him or gave him su
preme confidence in the power which con
trols our dfs-tinies.
Uke mar.y who have achieved unusual
prominence, ho has an extreme distaste
for publicity, and though at times a na
tion has hung upon his words, he insists
that in r.o way does he excel hJs fellow
OF Arp^ca'S
SstsiTs cF .^ts
The Secretary of the Treasury has a
very large directory of careless people —
of people who have money to burn or
otherwise destroy, and who appeal to him
for reimbursement. Uncle Sam is kind
enough to restore lost money when he is
satisfied that it is actually out <jf exis
tence, and the Treasury Department has
to look after this branch of his financial
affairs. Hardly a day passes that tha
Secretary is not appealed to to make good
money destroyed, and he often receive*,
remnants of bills, more or less recognis
able, with queer tales of how the work ctC
destruction was wrought. .
One of the latest applications was from
a Vermont farmer, who sent a mass of
remnants of bills that approached the
condition of pulp, and asked for $2S0 in
return, which, after some delay, ho re
ceived. He said he had very carefully
hidden the money under the rafters of his
barn, and somehow it had got into
the hay anch bran fed to one of his cows.
The cow was chewing the green feed
when Its nature wa3 discovered.
Another farmer from Kansas has sent
a lot of chopped bills that he says repre
sent $40. According to his story they were,
in the pocket of his vest that was fauns
on a feed cutter, and when it wa3 being
operated the corner of the vest that held
the money got between its knives and
with the money was torn in shreds. Tha
claim is now in process of adjustment.
A Boston man took from his pocket
what he says he. thought was a piece of
paper, and burned half of it in lighting
the gas. The gas light revealed the fact
that he had used a twenty dollar bill for
a lighter.
A'- Washington man, a couple of weeks
ago. went In person to the Secretary to>
get $33 for some badly mutilated bills that
his playful pup had been exercising with
.for an hour.
A "Wisconsin^ woman has sent a lot of
tinder that she says was once $00. Several
months ago she hid It in a stove pipe
hole, into which a pipe from a laundry
fire was recently placed. A3 the pipe rest
ed on the bills tinder was the result.
Another woman, this time in Indian-*
apolls, got $10 in greenbacks mixed with
greens she was preparing for dinner, and
boiled -them into an almost unrecogniz
able mass.
loving Philadelphia papa has asked
$20 for a few strips of greenish paper
and a score of pellets of the same mate
rial. He says they once constituted a
twenty-dollar bill, which his pet boy had
torn to pieces, rolled into balls and blown
through a glass tube at the cat, canary,
bird and nuresmald.
An Ohio man wants to sell the Treas
ury - Department a mouse nest for $100.
He says be had that amount in bills in
a bureau drawer, and that the mice ap
propriated it in bits to build a homo lrt
which to rear their family.
This list is continually growing, and th©
details are so frequent as to cause -no
smile or comment In the department.
Each man Is simply a new case that fol
lows along a line of red tape until it la .
People Who Are Careless
With Their Money.
The facts had to be not only properly
found, but properly presented lest an
ambiguous word or sentence miscon
strued might ring the alarm which would
cause as much injury as a pestilence.
The whole situation bristled with diffl-»
cultles. There were the jealousies of dif
ferent clashing interests which stood in
the way of a fair investigation. Federal
and local power were opposed, race waa
against rarce -and even political differences
were all intruded upon the one vital ques
tion. Have we the plague?"
That question has been answered. Tha
imprisonment of 30,000 people ha3 been
determined fairly and satisfactorily and
a. burden has been lifted from the mind of,
apprehensive millions.
Dr. Shrady has had a busy life. Ha has
been regularly acting as surgeon for half
a dozen great hospitals; has been editor
of two medical papers of world-wide cir
culation. To hold within the touch of
your hand the life of a wor!d-loved hero,
with the eyes of the world upon you, and
on your judgment perhaps depending the.
thread of that life; to do that again and
again, and then come out a cheerful,
bashful person, with a mind fresh and
Jolly as a boy's, that shows a man both
strong and elastic. The fact of his being
delegated to settle the great plague ques
tion, which agitated the Atlantic States
far more than San Francisco, was as
much because of his fearless manner of
expressing his opinion as of his ability as
a pathologist.
Who Atiencted
Grant arid
GUfigaU ar[d
OF GsprTiariy.
WHY DR. SHRADY WAS SELECTED TO SETTLE PLAGUE SCARE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
California as to necessitate . absolute
quart ntine. The gTeat' grain, fruit and
wine production of the State has come
to be a regular. part of the world's sup
ply aid a total interruption would be to
a large extent irreplaceable.
Hence the importance attached by the
East \o the protection of San Francisco
agalnat a disease, which, should it ob
tain a! good foothold, might put an end,
not \pn'ly to us, but to our entire civilllfe
tion as well.-
The «ager rapidity of the news getters
In -XoIlA wins _Dr.- Shxady'a jvork and pt>-
T
WJ^en pate Was K.iQd.
Stopping, tl^e Deserters.-
— -¦.-¦•,¦- i ¦ . . — ¦--¦,..
Soothing Grant's Death Pains.
An Autopsy ooGuitcau.
Watching Ken)n)Icr Die."^env'neaw was gravely disposing of a second plate of soup"
"Shall we see Germaine Soubize alone?"
Pirnitz asked the nun who accompanied
them. • . . ¦ :'..,••--.-¦•- w
"Oh, certainly, if It will give you any
pleasure, Germaino ia extremely docile
and gentle. I will have a warder in the
corridor, in ' case she has a nervous at
tack, but it Is very improbable. She has
been very much better as far, as regards
her nerves since her peritonitis." :"»-.-Cv>:<\?
The three women waited, oppressed by
the walls of ' this house of wretchedness.
They regarded *vith unobservant eyes the
panels of the parlor, -decorated with mu
nicipal-lithographs, and the mantelpiece,
upon which a bu&t of the Republique.dis
played Its profile of Ceres crowned .with
tho Phrygian bonnet. At; twenty-five
minutes past two a bell- rang. A few
seconds later Germaine entered, accom
panied by- a nurse, who withdrew .with
out saying a" word.
"Good day, Romaine. Good day, Daisy.
Good day, Fed I . '^s^g^Slag^f^^asa^^
With the meek air of a schoolgirl she
kissed the three women. Daisy pressed
her to her ' heart for -several moments.
Pirnitz and Frederique, who had not seen
her since the evening - of the ; crime," felt
a great lump of pity. rise in their throats.
¦ Germaine - wore- the: prison uniform — a
gray-blue cloth, dress, the • fichu crossed
over the bosom. ; and the modest. white cap
like the bonnets country people . inflict
upon; newly i born children/ It i was this
bonnet that changed her,particularly/hid
ing the flame-like aureole which usually
surrounded her pretty .irregular face.
And paler, thinner since her recent illness,
she seemed smaller, 1 more peaceful,"with
out any of her former nervous twltchings,
The young girl r.ad slipped to her knees
at her. feet, and was caressing the Irish
woman's hands like a faithful dog.
"Oh!" continued Germaine. in a voice
gradually firmer and more assured, "we
shall be very happy. It is an. admirable
work. We are going to bring up girls so
that they will have no need of man, and
may thus eo their way aJorie, Xreely and
proudly." ;•••., ._• .:' ; ¦ '_ .
;¦; She: 1 rose and seemed to be standing
speaking to an imaginary audience. ¦/
• '*The llrst duty of. woman is to be an in
dividual: and not a sort, of feeble, depend
ent being at the mercy, of men/ receiving
her Mdtfas from) men, bowing her Inclina
tions.to tho law of men.. But in order that
woman may be a veritable individuality
she- must first be; independent, must be
capable; of earning her livelihood. .We
shall," therefore,' teach our pupils a good
trade, .which shall free them from mascu
line . tyranny. .: Then . we shall Inculcate a
sense of the equality of the sexes. They
have the same rights that men have, and
they must be taught- it from infancy." .
She stopped, passed her hand over her
forehead.; as though ; making a violent ef
fort of memory or, reflection,
"Men— men have tyrannized over women
for. centuries!.* We must be emancipated!
Those who need male society are despica
ble! .Young girls must-be taught to avoid
the. contact of men. 'They will thus be
come the priestesses of morality In a new
society. They will be Noble Maidens, the
most I perfect ¦ example of - a . Future Eve:
Then; no longer — no longer"
She stopped and lookediat the three wo
men with the uneasy gaze of a lost child.
Daisy '.took her by the arm and : Freder-
proach.
But the Irish woman -3-as already kiss
ing her hands.
"Forgive me! Forgive me! I am so
wretched that I don't- know what I am
saying. Besides, Romaine. Just think of
seeing my poor little pet in such a state,
and in this place! I know it is largely my
fault that so much misfortune has hap
pened, and I undertake to care for Ger
maine in the future. It is my duty, isn't
She Implored the approval of the apostle
humbly, for Pirnitz still exercised the.
same ascendency over her, and she could
not throw.it off. particularly in her pres
ence and under her irresistible gaze.*
"Daisy," replied ¦¦Pirnitz, "the code of
our duty la written- in our hearts. -There
are - only general-, laws for: a very few
actions. You will always be charitable, I
know, and you will always do good. Only,
there are a hundred ways of doing good,
and for those that I love I wish them to
do it in a way that Will benefit all hu
manity." : ..
Daisy bowed her head; but d{d not reply.
Frederique and Pirnitz realized that still
another was lost to the cause of feminine
emancipation. Lovo for a particularly
dear human being had stolen* her from
humanity.
"Let us go," said Pirnitz.
She went out first with Frederique.
Daisy followed them, humble and con
fused, astonished with herself to have
.sufficient courage to avow her weakness.
CHAPTER IT T
In spite of the calumnies current in SL
Charles < and his impatience to possess
possible." . . '
He appeared quite satisfied with the so-1
lution no had found, and his eyes sought!
some token of approval. j
"Always diplomacy, policy, intrigue!"
thought Frederique. "Is It not possible to
be a useful social influence witnout being
hampered by all that? However, I must
be Kntisfied if justice be done!"
"1 believe 1 am safe In assuring you that
the matter'will be dealt with to my satis
faction." continued M. d'l'bzac. "If nec
essary the inquiry can be reopened in or
der to arrive at a decision that she is Ir
responsible. Only. I pray you, not a word
of my Intervention in the affair!"
There was anxiety, nlmost fear, in the
Judge's attitude as he spoke.
"I should have liked to take the good
news to Germnine. Soubize, with Daisy
Craggs and Pirnitz, at once," sal,l the
girl. "Could I ask for three permits to
see her at St. Lazare? I will ho very dis
creet." she added. "I will not say who
has given me the encouraging assurance."
She read a sha«ie of displeasure upon
the Judge's frowning brow, but he yield
ed, and wrote a. few words on a slip of
paper, which he put in an envelope and
addressed.
"Here is a note for M. Fournler, <he
Juge d'Instruction who has charge ,of the
matter." he said, handing tha letter to"
}< rederique. "lie alone can give you the
necessary permission to visit the prisoner.
Don't say anything decided to Mile. Sou
bize. and nothing at all cbout me. In fact,
do not mention me, ycu understand? • I
rely upon your discretion." A
She. did not even reply; his Insistence ir
ritated her. She simply said:
"Thank you. sir."
She arose, and M. d'Ubzac rose also. _• ¦
"Shall I not see you again?" he asked,
as though In spile of himself.
"I do not think so." replied Frederiquo.
A spasm of suffering so violent contract
ed the President's face that the girl was
moved to pity.
"I will remember, however," she said,
"in case I should have any Injustice to
point out to you, that I" am welcome
here."
They walked together toward the door
of the room. The father and daughter
were of the same height. Frederique re
marked the President's handsome fea
tures, the limpidity of his eyes, that age.
had not dimmed. A sudden movement of
tenderness overwhelmed her, .an instinct
that was. so to speak, physical, a desire
to fling her aims around his neck and
murmur childish, loving words In his ear.
If d'Ubzac had held out his arms to her
at that moment she would have fallen in
his embrace: but the momentary weak
negB— the only one In her life, with the ex
ception of her despairing, flight, through
Regent's Park— was unnoticed by . her
father. In fact, the Judge, habituated by
public life to observe an attitude, was ab
sorbed In the effort to leave. Frederique
v.ith the. impression of having met somo
one as firm as she appeared to be herRelf.
"Anything that you wish,, and that I
can grant." he said, looking her straight
in this eyes, "vou fshall have.'
She had sufficient strength to reply: .
"I shall never ask: anything for myself,
but I thank you for those^whom you will
help for my sake." i _,
She held out her hand, and the Presi
dent kept It in hi* own. She saw that his
eves were dim with tears, in spite of the
stoicism that he tried to maintain.
liked him better so, self-controlled, digni
fied and virile. *
"Oood-by," she murmured. "I am going,
to ask M. Fournier's permission to visit
the prisoner, and then I shall hurry to
reassure.- Germaine." • / *
The President nought some means of
retaining her a few minutes longer under
his gaze," and "found none. '"
"If you ever think of me."- he said, hes
itating a little.' between . each ¦ word, "I
should llke^ " •¦¦,. •¦.-".
She Interrupted him. -
."I promise. you." she saifl,"to think of
3'ou with resnect." . .»;
She opened the door herself and ..went
out. Her emotion overcame her -' so ¦ vio
lently .that .she. had to lean -against the
wall in'the dim corridor, as though about
»to faint * A couple of tearless sobs'shook*
energy, all the clearness of her mind; It
is the privilege and secret of the people
of action. To look at this man of tall
stature, with a noble countenance, framed
in white hair, and a thick, well-trimmed
gray beard; to recognize her own>featurcs
in his. although with something a little
less frank in the eyes, a little, less firm in
the outline of the chin: to read in his hes
itating glance, his. firmly compressed lips
and in the faint quiver of the hand hang
ing by his side, an intense trouble reaay
to betray Itself In tears and protestations;
and to say: "No,. I will not yield! I will
not allow him to show any emotion!" and
to display such flrmnwa in her glance thas
the President, under the shock, recovered
control o£ himself, realizing that he was
face to face with«a strong will— these
phases of their first meeting wore con
tained In a few seennris. as are almost all
the powerful emotions of the human soul.
Frederique imposed what she had decided
—namely, that M. d'l'bzac should not be
the first to speak. It was she who said:
"M. le Prf."ld«?nt. I have come to ap
peal to your sense of equity in favor of an
Innocent woman."
The Judge, warned and now master of
himself, replied:
"Sit down, mademoiselle."
Prederique sat down, and clearly, rather
briefly, but without omitting any details,
like some one «ure that the time would
not be grudged her. sho explained that
, Fhe had come to plead the cause of Ger
maine Soublze. who was in danger of be
ing sent before a jury. She did not aak
that Justice should spnre the guilty, but
she hoped to enlighten by her positive
facts the mind of one of the highest judi
cial authoritle5.
She related Germaine's past ami that of
Daipy; tho origin nnd developments of the
•work: rertifie<l the views published by
hostile journals, nnd refuted tlie slanders
ppread abroad about the foundresses and
their system of education.
The Chief President. d'Ubzac. leaning
¦with his left elbow upon his desk, listened
•with an nir of close attention and from
time to time approved with a nod. But
Frederique. whose clenr-slphted gaz" pon
etrated her fathor'R pouI. divined the se
cret tumult that prevented the Judge
from following, nlmost from hearing, his .
da<ight»"r'!< • •words.
She thought:
"Ho has a weak will with an energetic
countenance, with the factitious authority
that money nr>rl a nnme give in society."
And — simple effects of a filial sentiment —
*he regretod thnt «he could not live for
Borne time near Mm to • suggest to him
pome U'i r a of moral l.ivr find duty, iust a«5
•he had formerly moraiiv strongthoned
-her rnother and her Grandfather T.egay.
TVHle hln dtujrhter was talking h«
watched her. A ninerlir-g of Inv and de
ppatr overwhelmed the heart of this man
of r,S. laden with honors. ar»d rich, but
heroft of nil trr>rterne«<!. and arrived nl
the nge v.-hen. all ambition satisfied, thf»
heart t* again tormer + "rt by an imperious
.dc*«r«» for a sincere affection. — ¦ - -
That tbtn young wnrnnn. so beautiful In
her *«nmbr>r prnrm»nt«; that she conferred
a RTace and an oleernr.o rnon them." that
thi<» moral be'nr* Trho?<v nobleness was an
pnrcnt in cvry tvor'1 f s o uttered — and this
was th» Tly tnlng tbnt Imnrpp^eri tho
Judge In Fre<1«rlrn"»'?= Ftory— that h's poul,
this exceptional vl«ij»<», had Issued from
him. tirouscd a nr!<l» In him that nr> fuc
cp'k of hi* career l^d over awakened. .
But it ivas lmnoss"ile to doubt that this
flesh of his fl<»«h refuser! her Inheritance
of hi« admiration ami affection. She had
not found a word to remind htm of her
richt u« a danchter. Sho oam<» to him like
an ordinary petitioner, relying solely upon
mere luRtlce. Ami to feel that he, waa
powerless against her. -that nothing
would break the will of the young woman
sitting before him. that nothing would re
main pfter. this Interview, was an Insup
portable anguish.
. Then ho. wished to retain her at all hnz
nrd: to wee. her ns long as possible: . An
he realized that sho was on her guard
ready to take alarm at the slightest at
tempt at reconciliation, at anything that
should exceed the relations between a
Judge and a supnlicant, he feigned a keen
interest In the Soubize affair, examined
hlK documents and made notes. Then he
askedfor detail* about .tho School, of Arts
for "Women. What had become of the
foundress, of Da'»v Craggs, of IkTlle. Pir
nitz? Uo knew all their names, "because
tneir enterprise hPd 'nterested . him. nnd
'he h«d followed it." Frederique gave him
•all the information. '
BOOK THE THIRD.
<^>pyrighted— CHAPTER I— Continued.
WE were very uneasy, Remi and I,
believe me. Remi said Ume after
time: 'Go and !>ee them! Go and
see them. Tell them that if Uwy
need anything— for you know Remi likes
you ell very eincerely.' But I dared not.
The idea of calling upon Mile.
Pirnitz and you took all my courage
away. 1 thought I was a little the cause
of your misfortunes. People said that one
of the ralstresEc-s had left the school with
a workman who had come to make some
repairs. I realized that this referred to
me. Ah! I wept bitterly over it. 1 felt
eo far trom you, and so useless, Aliie.
1 "Don't call me 'mademoiselle,' Duy-
don't ask me. I could not talk to
you as in the past." '
She disclosed the secrets of her heart
¦Haply and Joyously. It was filled with
happiness. Between her husband and his
child, and the hope of an approaching
maternity, she was perfectly content- Her
lu • •• ir.f.ss radiated in her face. Hut sne
waa Visibly conscious or having puccha^ea
it with a "debasement of herseli. o£ hav
ing renounced a superior, ncbler etate to
attain it. a state that Homaine Pirnitz
and Frederique had preferred to guard.
tJhe confessed all her hesitations.
"Remineau had to cuict with me. V* e
asked about you in the Hue des Vergers.
The concierge told us everything. Alile.
Hertejiu is the directress now. M. Jude
Duramberty. M. yuignonnet and the
Abbe iiliiot rorm the administrative
council. They meet every Thursday in
the big rooin to confer with her. Laurent
told me that Miss Craggs, Mile. Pirnitz
and you lived in the Rue de la Sourdiere.
Poor" Rf ml again had to acompany me to
vour house. I tremble.l like a leaf. When
1 learned that you were absent— the day
before yesterday — would you believe me? —
1 was quite pleased. Mit-s Craggs does not
alarm me. and I even dared to see Mile.
Romaine again, but 1 was afraid of you.
Mile. Frederique." ""¦
She nestled like a child against Freder
lqu<*'5 phrtilder and continued:
"Mile. P;rnltz receivrO me very kindly.
Oh, *ho is as ir.duU'-nt as a real saint:
6he rut mo at earn immediately, asked
me nbout Hc-tni and (JaBton, and when
phe learned tha: my husband was waiting
for me beldw .-he Insisted upon him com
ing up. It was she whe persuaded me to
come to nw-t j«m at the station. But lor
that I should never Jiuve dared."
The pretty Fleming's chatter wove an
amusing arabesque round the long Jour
ney, and FreuVrique arrived at the Rue
du" Faubourg ir>i. Ilonore and the Rue de
la Snutdk-ro without any weariness.
Duyvecke. v.ho refused to give up her
companions' valise, mounted to the third
floor, where Pirritz ami Frederique oc
cupied the apostle's o!»i room. Daisy had
established her little bed in a small room
on the fourth floor, a room usually in
habited by the servants. Duyvecke took
leave uf Kredc-rique upon the landing. •
"No! No!" she said. "I will not come
in. I (in n«t want to disturb you. You
must have many things to Fay to Mile.
Pirnitz and Daisy. 1 v/iil leave you here,
but I have a favor to ask. ar.d I pray you
not to refuse me."
"What is it, Dnyvrcko?"
"My" heart will break if you refuse!.
This*!? it: Ron-ii and I shall be fo com
pletely happy :f you will come and dine
with us— you. Mile. Pirnitz and Daisy —
in our little apartment in the Rue Cuja?.
Mile. Pirnitz and Daisy have accepte-3.
And you? Will It be too disagreeable for
you?"
Fr<*<2erique smllctf, touched by the Eim-
I>le Invitation.
"Not at nl'. On the contrary. I should
like nothing uettcr. And I understand
very well how pleased Romaine and Daisy
rr.u=t have be^n to accept. We still love
you very much. Duyvecke."
"Oh. thanks!" said Duyvecke. •
Then, apain timidly, she asked:
"What day will l.e most convenient?"
Fredcriqi;*' thought for an instant. On
the next day f-fce was fjoingr to see M.
d'l'bzac. Ti<.<* Chief President received
visitors at the Palais de Justice before
tho c>urt sat. She thought that after
having usiierpono this trial /he would brj
a little- r«--frc-sh*-d by an evening spent
•with Pirr.itz. Daisy and Duyvecke — all
that remained of poor Mile, de Salnte-
ParacVs general staff.
"To-morrow evening, if that suits you,
Duyvccke." Fhe paid.
Duyvecke thpnked her. and before she
rang kissed hf-r t«-nrtorly and went away.
CHAPTER II.
By dint of thinking about the Interview
with the Present dTbzac which her
conscience imposed upon her as a duty.
Frederique had gradually arranged all its
details In advance. It was necessary
ebove all that her womanly dignity, con
sidered by Pirnitz and herself as intangi
lile, should not be touch«d by the step
Fhe was poing to take. The idea that first
occurred to h«r — to appeal to the private
Feoretarv — was therefore dismissed.
Would it not be to accept in a certain
decree the method proposed by M. d'Ub
zac to Imitate h'.s example and respect
eoe'al and political conventions? Freder
ique also gave up all id*-a of writing to
the president. With a personage of such
Importance it is never certain that letter*
may not be opcr.ed by an intermediary,
end finally at no price would she call upon
him xl his jrlvatt' residence and risk
meeting l:!s wife. She was, therefore,
compelled to see him at the Palais de
Justice without notifying him cf her visit
beforehand.
The morning cf the day after Fred^r
iQOe'fl return t<"> Paris from her journey
to PoudenatP. Pirnitz nccompnnied the
jour.s girl as far as the broad marble
ttaircacc leading up to the Ualerie de
Hurlav. It was barely half-past 10, and
Frederique. at the foot of her Mount Ca
valry, tre.mbl'-d with t-motion.
"Oh. Remains." she said. Brippintf her
companion's arm. "must I really make
this appeal? No torture could be more
terrible."
"I know that the trial Is a harsh one."
replied the aiK)Ptie. "Any one else would
ha.ve r«-fus*-d even to consider it. Hut
Flnee you have had j«uch an Inspiration
vou have no right to try to avoid It. So
be firm. Tfclnk of the iniquity of a pos
sible eon-ScTnnation for Germaine, and
that you may prevent It."
"I will <5o v.-hat I ougrht to do," said
Fredrrlque. "Thank you."
"I am going to join Daisy at tho law
yer'* \o arrange about the guarantee,"
replied Pirr.itz. "Where shall i meet you
ajja.:n. and v.hen?" . - •-¦•
"trupp<»e we say in the Gal*ri« de Har
lay? Wait for me there with Daisy if you
r.re. free before I am, which is very proba
ble. In case we have any good news wo
can all go with It to Germaine at once."
"Very pood; in the Galerie <ie Harlay
25 Foofi as pos5ible. Re brave!"
She pressed her hand. Krederfque went
•up the marble steps, entered the palace
and turned to tho left through the door
decorated with dope" heads, vlth the
¦words "Cour <ie Cassation" above It.
Thrre fho !n=V«J an usher If she could see
President d'Ubzac
"It Is hi* roooptlon day," replied the
man, "but M. le President only arrives at
11 o'clock or hr.lf-^ast."
"Can 1 wait for h:m here?"
"It you wi«h."
He languidly or>er.ed the door of a red
carpeted waiting room, furnished with red
velvet covered chairB. Frederique Bat
down. A few moments later the fame,
rnan came back with a written form, upon
which she wrote her name. 2.111c. Kreder-
Ique L«»p::y-Surier. in tho first blank.
Chief President d'Ubxac h?d Introduced
this ministerial formality at the Palais de
Justice.
"Oh! that** not certain." rrnlied the
pan. "Sometimes M. d'UJirac'B col-
Icapurs in the Senate or In the Cour de
<'a??atlcn come to see him and ga In first.
Barntilmes no cup corces. In that case
vou would have a chance of -being re
oeivpfl at once. It's always beet to bo at
the top r>T the list, isn't it?"
When Frcrterlquc wns again alone In the
Traitlr.K room she felt calmer than she
had hoped. The place was bo official, go
banal thst nbe felt Bhe was maklntr an
ordinary demand, an ordinary individual
In the wnltlng; room of an Important func-
Half-past 10. 11 o'clock rang out. Sev
eral other visitors came in; two ladles In
drop mourning: a gentleman, evidently a
lawyer, with side whisker* and clean
shaven upper lip. a very noisy personage
¦who talked loudly, and whom the usher
knew nnd called respectfully "M. le 8cn
ctei;r." The two ladlw In mourning were
absorbed in a whispered conversation Rnd
paid no attention to what was passing
around them, and the lawyer read the
newspapers, of which he had a" packet In
the pocket of his overcoat. The Senator,
after striding noisily backward and for
ward in the little room, and nearly chok
ing in a fit of coughing, admired his com
mercial traveler's countenance in the. mir
ror, and then Fat down In front of Fred
erique and tried to attract the noble, pen
sive gaze of the young girl.
"Mile. Frederique Legay-Surier!"
It was the usher who uttered the name,
opening the d^>or whtch led by a little cor
ridor to the Chief President's office. And
the way •>'.« voice accentuated the sylla
bles prove i -i ¦rice his deference, surprise
ond also v«« .measure he felt in astonish
ing the public.
Frederique was not surprised. She had
foreseen that M. d'Ubzac wtfuld receive
her as soon as he read her name. She
followed the usher. A dim corridor sepa
rated the waiting-room from the presi
dential office. During the. few seconds
that it took her to traverse it she felt a
little wave of tenderness rising In her
heart and stifled It with a violent effort.
But this tender emotion was not aroused
by the man to whom she owed her exist
ence, whom she was going to see for the
first time. It rose from the depths of her
memory, nnd surrounded poor Christine's
memory— Christine, victim of this man.
The usher, drawing back at the door
way, announced her:
"Mile. Frederique Lepay-Surler!"
Frederique was in a large room, lighted
by two high windows, ornamented with
portraits of judges in their red robes, and
sitting- behind c table desk covered with
documents she saw a personage in a well
cut though severe frock morning coat,
who arose as she entered. As in all the
serious moments of her life, she Instinct
ively assembled and prepared all of her
"And what about your sister. Mile.
Lea?"
"She has left us. She has gone to some
friends in England with whom we lived
formerly. I suppose that she will marry
In England."
"And you?" ¦ ,
"I live with Romaine Pirnitz and Daisy
Craggs at No. 21 Rue de la Sourdiere."
. She gave the address without the
slightest quiver in her voice. But the
President was so moved when he heard It
that he had to lean back in his armchair.
Froderique felt that he was going to speak
of forbidden topics, that he had been af
fected by her visit. There was a tragical
silence, during which, overwhelmed and
afraid- of yielding if she witnessed her
father's emotion, she fixed her gaze obsti
nately upon one of the portraits of men in
red rubes and ermine hanging on the wall.
Finally she resumed, with sufficient firm
ness:
"M. le President, may I rely upon your
support in the work of justice which
touches mo so deeply?"
"I promise you to do all I possibly can,"
replied M. d'Ubzac in a very low. voice,
"and I have some reason to believe that
I shall succeed. It is manifest that the
young girl is worthy of interest— is very
interesting.'"
"May I ask how your influence will be
exercised?"
"It is impossible to act directly upon the
Juge d'Instruction. It would be a clum
sy and compromising step to take. You
understand? But the matter can be ar
ranged. I will appeal to the Procureur
General, who will make his wishes known
to the Juge through the Procureur de la
Republique. In this Way no criticism is
her frame. Her past life 'appeared to her
like a desert, and she felt, disgust for the
future. She gave way tq her grief,' and
then a sudden thought made her shudder
and stagger upright. \
"Great _heavens! If he 1 come out! IC
he see me!" \
The fear of being surprised there by her
father, whom she divined was still stand-
Ing immobile behind the closed door of
his office, restored her strength again.
She crossed the red cartoeted waiting
room, now full of people, and the vesti
bule, where the usher wasi sitting. He
rose to his feet hurriedly, astonished not
to have h»ard the electric' bell ring as
usual to warn him that a visit was at an
end, and conducted Frederique respect
fully to the Galerle de Harlay.
• The formalities that had to be gone
through with the Juge. M. Foumier, to
obtain permission to visit Germaine re
lieved the young girl's nerevs. She found
no difficulty in the matter, though it de
manded more than half an hour. When
she returned to the Galerle de Harlay
with three permissions she found Daisy
and Pirnitz sitting on a bench. She ran
to them In a burst of Joy: "Germaine is
saved!"
• Daisy, palo with emotion under her
ruddy complexion, seized Frederique's
hand and kissed it. She was ignorant of
Frederique's filial relations to the Presi
dent, d'l'bzac. and attributed her rejoic
ing to the success of her efforts. But
Pirnitz, from whom her disciple's heart
had no secrets, understood that the girl
had triumphed because she had supported
the trial with her will and dignity Intact.
"I was sure of it," she whispered, while
thi» Irish woman was hailing a cab. "You
could not be vanquished. But the trial
was necessary; it threatened you sooner
.or later. Now you are confirmed."
Confirmed? Frederique had no time to
ask - Plrnitz . for an explanation of the
word, for Daisy returned with the cab.
But while they were rolling along to
gether toward the St. Lazare prison,
Daisy chattering like a mad woman, she
thought over the apostle's word. She
realized that after the destruction of the
work and Leu's flight Pirnitz had dreaded
for her favorite a possible return to her
family. Mme. d'Ubzac was known to be
n nonentity dominated by her husband.
The advanced ideas affected by the Presi
dent-Senator could easily ha"ve fitted in
with a rather theatrical legitimization of
his daughter. Who knows? Fredertque
porhaps ran the risk of being torn from
the feminist cause.
"Pirnitz was right," she thought. "This
trial was necessary. • I feel that I am now
confirmed."
It wns nearly 2 o'clock when they
reached tho_nrison. Upon presentation of
one of M. Fournier's cards, and their
three authorizations great consideration
was shown them. They were led to a
parlor upon the door of which the word
"private" was printed on an enameled
plate.
without petulance — In fact, too calm.
They asked her about her health. /
"Oh, I am quite well," she replied. I
aro well cared for here. I lack nothing.
But my illness was very long! -You can
not imagine how I suffered with my head.
They put cataplasms on my back, made
me drink all sorts of Infusions, but I only
said to them: 'Take my headache away,
I pray you.' I never thought that one
could have a headache for so long."
"And you no longer suffer now, dear
Germaine?" asked Pirnitz.
"No, I have only a feeling as though my
brain were frozen— do you understand? It
seems to me as though behind my fore
head there were a heavy, cold, insensible
mass. ' It is very tiresome. I do not be
lieve I shall ever be able to work again,
but it may disappear in time."
Sitting: on the edge of a chair, like a
model pupil, she uttered these ordinary
phrases with an air that was at once re
signed and indifferent. Pirnitz and Fred
erique exchanged a glance of consterna
tion. Poor Daisy became red in the face
with her efforts to keep back her tears.
"Can I tell her the- result of Freder
ique's appeal?" Pirnitz asked the Irish
woman in a low tone.
"You may try," said Daisy. "As soon
as I speak to her of what she has done
she begins to wander in her speech."
"We bring you some good news, Ger
maine," said the apostle.
"Ah! What is it?"
"You will not be sent before the Cham
bre dea Mises in Accusation. In all
probability you will be set at liberty very
soon."
Germaine watched Pirnitz attentively
and did not appear .to have heard. Daisy
waited anxiously for what she was going
to say. -
"Are you not happy, Germaine." con
tinued Pirnitz, "to hear the news?" It is
Fed! who has obtained this favor for
you."
The prisoner appeared to make an ef
fort to collect all her understanding. She
looked at Daisy, Pirnitz and Frederique.
one after the other. Then she said in a
timid, hesitating voice:
"is It time for my class to begin soon?"
Daisy could not restrain her tears. Pir
nitz and Frederique felt the curious ter
ror that moves humanity, to its very
foundation at the first delirious words of
some beloved being whom one has known
full of reason and intelligence.
Suddenly Germaine saw that Daisy was
weeping. She left her chair, flung her
arms around the Irish woman's neck and
kissed her several times.
"Don't weep, Daisy, dearest! We will go
Wny together. What does it matter
Tnerm 1 v«*» live so long as we are together?
ir«"M>;>nall ;vv?n be much better in the Rue
iles< r ergers. There are two adjoining
rooms, onejJor < tach of us, and they are so
brignt an<llcheer»ful!"
"Xf. 3 i -ny/'Jear vu*. yes!^_6obbed Daisy./'
Germaine. hesltatlns after each word,
U T&18t85 e< red- head, with It. hideous
prison SKine "fell upon the »••«'
!n^#.n^f.aTand^ocfe n d«f
ii%ShfssHi
a mad woman, and "folding the doc
trines that had been and still were tne
the cowardice of others, tne > _^ w
hostility of men. she was wounded tp -tne
heart by this unconscious parody oMi«
faith. Now that Germane
Frederique, with the anxiety of a bene\er
who has seen a madman sully the sanciu
ary and fears to see hiin beg-n again,
seized Pirnttz'sarm and wWsperea . „
"I pray you, Romaine, let us go away.
The door of the parlor opened at that
SSSIS 1 aSeas^ to^Rnd^^^ne^
harshness, "what does this meari? per
maine. you must behave or I ™? n , al
low you to come into the P arl °r a sain.
The young prisoner had risen to her feet
as soon as she Heard the nun's voice She
stood before her timidly, like a school
"What has she done that is wrong, poor
girl?" Daisy mumbled. "What a gen
da The G "gendarme" conducted her prisoner
away without another word, without even
bowing to the three women. Since their
arrival she had probably asked for infor
mation and had learned that she was deal
ing with terrible anarchists, Germaine s
accomplices! When she had gone Daisy,
after a few moments of melancholy si
lence, said to her two companions:
"Well, don't you think we must get her
out of here at once?"
"Yes." replied Frederique. "But when
we have secured her freedom where shall
we put her?" _ .
"Give her to me. and I will spend the
rest of my life in nursing her. She will
trquble no one, and, at any rate, she will
not suffer. Ah! If she had only remained
in the Avenue de? Segur" s
•"Daisy!"_ said Pirnitz. in a tone of re-
Tiuweck© Hespel Remineau had to wait
£,r^ne maTrlase to be performed at the
?SLn hall and at the church and both
ceremonies were postponed until little
oitSn was completely well All thla
?ook about five weeks of which period
the artisan sculptor said, with a tone or
C °"l V Sw was yet so miserable nor yet
S °The P couple established themselves In a
dwelling near the one they had both in
hibited so long in the Rue Cujas. It jv M
a newly built hous*. arranged according
to modern ideas, a 'id as Remineau wad
not only a clever workman but also ex
tremely learned ill the question of furni
ture and as Duyvecke. who had not the
least artistic taste, was very skillful i u
all household affairs, the home of tho
newly married couple was soon very pret
ty and comfortable. Tho Remlneaus wero
fairly well to do, as he earned from 1ZZ
to 13f a day working at home and Duy
vecke. anxious to help in supplying the
wants of their home, gave a lesson of aa
hour and a half in the afternoon to a
young girl studying for her diploma, the
daughter of a big furniture dealer m tho
Rue Lafayette, who often employed
Remineau.
Nothing had interrupted the complete
harmony of the pair since their marriage.
Remineau still remained in complete ser
vitude to Duyvecke. whom he regarded
with an almost religious adoration; and
Duyvecke — attracted at first by tha
somewhat clumsy kindness of the sculp
tor and by the pseudo-maternity which
attracted her toward little Gaston— as the
simple outcome of her kindness and
purity of heart and of her well balanced
senses, had insensibly begun to love Re
mineau. The good fellow's caresses tran
quilized the vague aspirations and unde
fined desires that her girlish innocence
had Ignored.
The evening of the day that Frederique,
Pirnitz and Daisy had vi3ited the St. La
zare prison the Irish woman was the first
to arrive at the Remineaus', about 7
o'clock. She had been to see Professor
Buchardon in the afternoon and had se
cured nis promise that he would prevent
the incarceration of Germaine in a mad
house when she was liberated from prison.
A few moments later Frederique and Pir
nitz came in together from the Rue de ia
Sourdiere. They found Daisy in the par
lor with Duyvecke and little Gaston.
Remineau, who had been working late,
was finishing dressing.
"Ho is making himself handsome for
you," said the pretty Fleming, laughing
ly. "You will see in a few moments."
As Frederique and Romaine, sitting In
the Louis XV salon, for which Remineau
had carved the suit of furniture, were ad
miring the grace and taste displayed in
every detail, little Gaston, completely^ re
covered now that his "Mamma yecke" no
longer left him. drew near Frederique and
said timidly, almost in a whisper:
"Madame, is the other pretty lady not
coming also?" "
The "other pretty lady" was Lea. Fred
erique's heart was pierced by this inno
cent reawakening of a pain to which she
had refused to yield, or which she had
even refused to think. She kissed the
"No, dearest. The pretty lady that you
mean is no longer here with us. She will
never come back again."
"Ah," said the little one, pensively,
chilled by the big vague word "never, as
incomprehensible to a child as the word
Embarrassed and confused, Luyvecke
dared not scold the child, who had meant
no harm, but a painful silence followed
Frederique's answer. Luckily. Remineau
appeared almost Immediately — a Remi
neau transformed by love and conjugal
attention, a Remineau almost elegant,
with hands, hair and beard well cared
for, wearing fine starched linen and a suit
of blue serge fairly correctly cot, though
without any attempt at fashion. Fred
erique surprised the glance, at once eager
and grateful, that Duyvecke gave him
while he was greeting their visitors.
"Pirnitz was right." she thought. "This
fetichllke attachment of the wife for her
husband will long be the law for the best
among women. How many Duyveckes
are there In a hundred young girls? And
yet Duyvecke. who was not attached to
Remineau before marriage, who even
dominated him then, ia now the loving
slave of one of the most ordinary of n^n,
a man who is neither handsome nor intel
ligent, nor refined; simply an honest fel
low! Oh! what a difficult task it is to
free slaves who love their chains:"
While Frederique was meditating thus.
Remineau, who professed a sort of wor
ship for her. according to Duyvecke. wa3
making a very far fetched compliment
rather awkwardly about the honor she did
them in coming to see them, about th«
respectful recollection they retained of
her, and as he became horribly contused
his wife came to his rescue prettily, tak
ing him by the arm.
"Come. Rem. don't be afraid. If you
only knew how sincerely he thinks what
he finds so difficult to say. Mile. Fred
erique! Not a single day passes that we
do not speak of you. You and Mile. Ro
malne are almost our patron saints. A
very little more and we should pray to
you!"
The servant, another Fleming' from
Hazebrouck. one of Duyvecke's foster sis
ters, and who seemed, being fair, with
ashen hair, a heavy, clumsy copy of her
mistress, opened the door of the dining
room and said:
"The dinner is ready. Duyvecke!'
The dining room was small, comfortable
ar.d prettily furnished, like all the other
rooms. When they were in their places
tho warmth of the air, the light of the
big hanging lamp, reflected by the shin
ing pottery and cutlery, the odor of the
succulent dishes cunningly prepared by
Duyvecke and her foster sister Gudule,
the true friendship that united them, gave
Frederique a feeling of comfort and secu
rity. How long it was since she had been
welcomed thus by friends since she had
&at at a table except in the school refec
tory! Oh, a long time! Never since the
days spent In Appletree Yard, for she
could not count the curious meals taken
at Poudenats with Sister Odile. Apple
tree Yard! Yes, It was suddenly brought
to Frederique's memory with startling
clearness, and the despotic memory of the
senses recalled to her another meal at
that very hcur in Tir.ka's dining room,
with rich food and bright lights shining
upon the white linen, crystal and silver
plate! All the sweetness of that fraternal
period, long vanished, recurred to her like
a perfume conserved intact in a closed
casket.
"Lea ha3 gone back to that happiness."
she thought. "Perhaps at this very ln-
Btant she is talking to Georg and Tinka."
Her gaze encountered that of Pirnitz,
and as they had now been drawn so close
that for one another their thoughts were
In their regard. Frederique implored a lit
tle comfort, and received It.
In the meantime Duyvecke. animated by
the pleasure of her .reception, told of the
happiness and cares of her life; how, after
having stopped In the Rue Cujas to nurse
little Gaston, after having written the let
ter to Pirnitz that decided her fate by
closing: to her .nil chance of retreat, she
had fallen victim to a violent despair for
several days. And as she could not wreak
her bad temper upon Gaston. who waa
"really too good, dear little fellow." it was
honest Remineau who received It all.
"Ah! How I scolded him and behaved
toward him for a fortnight! It was ter
rible, wasn't it. Remi?"
Remineau. who was gravely disposing or
a second plate of soup, a stiffly starched
serviette protecting the lapel of his coat
like a buckler, laughed mischievously,
and replied:
"You see. she wanted to disgust me
with the Idea of having her for a wife!
But I had seen her and known her for
more than four years, and she had al
ways been so gentle and kind that I
thought: 'Have patience. Reml. and don't
worry. It's only a passing caprice, and
a sort of momentary illness. Duyvecke
cannot fail to become the real Duyvecke
again sooner or later' "
His big. protruding eyes, sparkling: like
black diamonds, looked at his wife lov
ingly, who repaid him with a smile full
of tenderness.
"I remember the day Papa and Mamma
Vecke kissed each other for the first
time." said Gaston. breaking into tho
conversation with his little piping voice.
"It waa the day I was better and could
get up.'*
Everybody began to laugh, even Pirnitz
and Frederique. Duyvccko blushed crim
"We were so happy when the little ras
cal recovered. We kissed like shipwrecked
people who bad reached shore again at
¦ For some time they spoke of themselves
and of their joys, with the affectionate
egotism of satisfied, kindly beings, sur
rounded by friends, while Gudute brought
in rapid succession an exquisite 'gateaux
aux ecrivisscs a salmis of partridges and
a roast saddle of lamb. Neither Frrclcr
ique nor Pirnitz ate much, and Daisy at
tacked these delicate dlshe* with the Fame
careless satisfaction that she would '.mvo
displayed before a dish of potatoes la
her native country.
"Oh, you eat nothing!" said Duyvecke,
sadly, to Frederique and Pirnitz.
"We have never been very brilliant
trencher women, you know, dear." replied
Frederique, smilingly. "You must not bo
angry with us."
Duyvecke pushed her plate aside.
"You are right. As for me. I go or eat
ing and become so fat — but if yon only
knew how hungry I am! It is really dis
tressing."
THE SUISTDAY CALL.
To be Continued Next Sunday.
Lea
6The highest price ever paid for a single
volume was J30.C00. It was for a vellum
missal, which waa presented to King
Henry VIII by Pope Leo X. The missal
was accompanied by a document making
Kirg Henry the defender of the faith. It
la now in possession of the German Gov
ernment.
A valuable manuscript. If not the most
valuable one in America, is owned by
John Jacob Astor. who gave 513,000 for It.
It is the Sforza missal. It is a manuscript
measuring thirteen andx seven-eighths
inches by nine and* three-eighths Inches;
It has one hundred and eighty-four pages
of vellum and is bound la red morocco.
It was made for Galcazzo Sforza by tho
great Florentine artist. Francesco Fillppo
Llppi.
Iron rail- are studded all over the cov
ers of a set of missala owned by Airs.
Samuel Bowne Duryca of Brooklyn, who
paid JOQO for the set. It contains the full
mtjsical score used in a European mon
astery—it Is a choir book.
.It was supposed that only two copies
of Washington's first essay In authorship
existed, but within the past few years, or
In 1£97. a third copv came to light and
wos purchased by a gentleman who makes
a hobby of collecting Washlnstonlana; ha
quite willingly paid $1000. -
Populists going to the Convention.
his flute with him to Cincinnati, where
he will entertain his fellaw delegates. At
Omaha, during* the last Populist National
Convention, lie played for the delegates.
One of the newspapers of the day report
ed the incident as follows: "At this junc
ture a gentleman from the East arose
a- u clectri.ied the audience by playins
"Yankee Doodle' on a flute" But Captain
Lloyd's piece de resistance Is "Home,
Sweet Home," with which he often draws
a crowd In the streets, In order that he
may enlighten it on Populism and Social-
Ism.
Captain Lloyd originally came from Ala
bama,' and during the war he was known
in New Rochelle as "the rebel." In 1S61
he disappeared, and It was not until after
the war that It was learned that he hail
been a spy In the Confederate army. He
returned to New Rochelle when the war
was over, , badly wounded.
Rochelle. and has erectecJ a flagstaff and
placed a cannon there, which he tires on
all national holidays. He is a Boer sym
pathizer, and during the Cuban revolu
tion he sold Cuban coffee to aid the Cu
ban cause.
Captain Lloyd Is more than 80 years old.
but extremely vigorous and energetic.
In him the East will furnish quite as
picturesque a character as a convention
delegate as any that will come out of the
"West. When he passed through town
last ilonday on his way to the convention
he was dressed In a long linen duster and
his head was covered with a bis straw
hat with the legend. "16 to 1." painted on
the front. He stopped Ions enough to lay
a bunch of violets, plucked In his own
garden. In the lap of the statue of Peter
Cooper, at the end of the Bowery. Peter
Coe>pcr he believes to have been the orig
inal Populist.
number of subjecrs. He Is custodian of
the grave of Tom Paine, who was buried
in North street In New Rochelle. and he
is an exponent of Palne's doctrines. He
Is a 'famous flute player, and has taken
Curious and Valuable Books Which Are in Existence
and Their Histories.
That Queen Victoria possesses the larg
est bound bock ever made Is perhaps an
item of interest. It weighs sixty-three
pounds and Is eighteen inehes thick.
•. The most valuable book In the world
is the Hebraic Bible. At the Vatican In
1512 the Jews tried to buy it of Pope Ju
lius II for fts -/eight in gold. It is so
large and heavy that two men can hardly
lift it, and It would have brought $100,-
J00 If the Pope had consented to part with
it.
The smallest book, In the world is not
much larger than a man's thumb nail. It
was made in Italy.' It Is four-tenths of
nn Inch long, and a quarter of an inch
wide. It contains two hundred and eight
pages, each having nine lines, and
from ninety-five to one hundred letters.
The text is a letter— before unpublished—
written* by the famous Inventor of the
pendulum clock to Madame Christine of
Lorraine in 1615., . . ¦" ' .' . ..,.
The next smallest book is an edition of
Dante's "Divine Comedy," and is a little
less than an Inch wide, with type so small
that it takes a microscope to read the
letters./ •' • - - •-;•• •.-"--¦>-.;
."When' It is finished the official history
of the American War cf the Rebellion
will be the costliest book in the world.
It, Is being issued by the Government of
the United States, and at a. cost up to
date of J2.000.000. It will consist of 112
volumes. Including an Index and an atlas
which contains ITS plates and map3 Illus
trating the Important battles of the war,
campaigns, routes of march, plans of
forts and photographs of ; Interesting
scenes ."places and persons.
The most voluminous encyclopedia work
in the world is in the Berlin Anthropologi
cal Museum!; It Is in twelve hundred vol
umes, in Chinese. It embraces literature,
philosophy, astronomy,- natural science
and Industries. Each volume has one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty pages.
Originally only one hundred copies were
printed arid those were not put on. sale.
But recently a new edition was put forth,
which sells at JCOO for the set. It Is splen-
didly Illustrated with maps and pictures.
The largest private library in America
was owned by the historian, H. H. Ban
croft. ;It consisted of fifty thousand vol
umes, valued at $200,000. '
of two houses.
The yard is full
of flower beds,
and there ar«
beds of violets
all around the
house bordered
with clam shells.
Captain Lloyd
is noted Tas a
street speaker,
with very radi
ical views on a
man cars to belong to the plutocracy, ho
readily promised.
Captain Lloyd is a quaint character and
one of the best known men In Westches
ter County, lie is also well known to a
great many N;w York people, who have
often patronized his little catboat when
on fishing trip* on ¦ Long Island Sound.
For several years Lloyd has been the
skipper of the "1<5 to 1." and she has
earned him a living. He lives in a house
belonging to C. Oliver Iselin. and which
belonged to the late Adrian Iselin, who
gave Captain -Joyd's wife permission to
live In it always without cost. It I? a
quaint eld place in a yard in the rear
convention hall. In the city they will
sleep In their wagons, but cook out of
doors .in true camp style, and it is pos
sible that they will be more. comfortable
than their brethren in the hot and crowd
ed hotels.
"A feature of the parades In Kansas City
during the convention will be a"' section
composed of "prairie schooners." with
banners on their sides bearing Democratic
slorans of more or less intensity. . This
will arouse the enthusiasm of the ¦West
erners and amaze the Eastern men.
One of the most remarkable delegates to
a National Convention \i me YVeatchester
County (New York) Populist representa
tive. Captain George \Y. Lloyd, who left
his home in New Hochelle for Cincinnati
last Monday. There are 150 Populists in
Westchester County, and. those got to
gether recently and nominated Captain
Lloyd. This Is a time-honored custom.
Lloyd being a perpetual Populist dele
gate. When they had nominated him each
man reached into his pocket and tlshed
out a new silver dollar. These were
thrown into a pile on a table and turned
over to Captain Llcyd as a fund_to pay
bla ex:icnres, on his promire ¦ ., to spend
nothing but silver on his journey and to
travel both ways in the smoking cars of
the trains. As Captain Lloyd loathe
paper-money and gold and believes Pull
simple vehicle, and it all depends upon
the Ingenuity and tasto of the owner how
comfortable it may be. It is made of an
ordinary farm wagon fitted with oak
bows, over which a "wagon cloth" of
canvas Is stretched. If the owner is rich
rr.ouqh or sufficiently ingenious he will
fit ui> the Interior with bunks, a "grub
box," a looking glass and many other
conveniences, in the wagon will be a
sheet iron stove, with as many iron and
tin cookirg utensils as are necessary for
the simple cuisine, of the individual or
party.
These wagons will likely be provisioned
on the farm with "home-cured side meat."
potatoes and cornmcal. sufficient to last
until the convention is ever ami home is
reached once more. Thus th# cost of the
Journey will be practically nothing. From
Oklahoma to Kansas City Is about 3W
¦miles. Rnilroad pns?cnger rates are 3
cents a mile in that country and It is not
likely that they will be reduced. Thus
the Oklahoma delegate or visitor coming'
a distance of 3'X> milts would have ta
spend about $20 for his passage and almost
as much as that in hotel bills In Kansas
City. If he go*s by wagon he can take
his family along without any additional
cost. lie and Ills family and team will
consume no more food on the road than
they would at home. The journey to Kan
sas City will consume ten or twelve days.
A farm team can make about twenty
five miles a day for ten days on the^level
prairie roads, and after a rest of three or
four days in Kansas City be ready to go
the same salt again on the return trip.
A Journey by wagon from the adjoining
States to Kansas City will be regarded
much in the light of a picnic by these peo
ple. Wagon Journeying is a popular way
of spending summer vacations in the
West. Parties go from Kansas City down
into Arkansas. Oklahoma or the Indim
Territory in wagons fitted for the pur
pose, and often travel 1000 miles before
th*eir holiday is ended. Sometimes, a cara
van of four or five wagons I* formed for
this gypsylng and the party lives on the
country, buying chickens, butter, egga,
fruit and milk from the farmers by the
wayside.
The "prairie schooner" delegates will jog
along the roads comfortably, meeting with
their kind at cross roads and camping- In
parties by the roadside at night. When
they stop for the night they will set up
their sht-ct-iron stoves out of doors and
cook their simple food, rol> up Jo their
ness comes and get
sunrise. Cut it will
be a hot and dusty
the prairie schooner i
delegates will doubt- m
reach the convention «-!'--• ¦'¦'¦•%
these wanderers will
go into camp on the
vacant lots near the
Debates to the Co^ns G^at Conven
tion who Betfe've in T?av.
etfns *n pHrnftrve sty^ to ¦ /$fM
Show the WoHd at Ua^e f\'mk
Th^t They Are T^ue s^p©- /¦ ¦ , fm
nents ©f s^p^ctty. • /.'¦->¦' •••"•Si
most extraordinary spectacle ir.
the history cf creat national con
: vcntlons will be witnessed thi? year
In cor.ne-ciion with the gathering of
i ho l«ad<-rs of the Democracy at
Ka:.sas City. A great number of the dele
gates to the convention. instead of going
there ir. Pullman sleeping cars or e\en In
the ordinary day coaches, will start for
Kansas City many days or works before
hand and slavrty wend their way aeros:?
the country in cld-fa^hioned "prairie
schooners.*' Just as the forty-niners go
ing to California after the discovery of
pcld fitted out wagons with beds, stoves
end every road necessity, so these dele
gates "<o the Kansas City convention will
stream across the prairie in canvas cov
ered wajroMF. many bearing on their sides
the legend "16 to 1."
Never before have delegates to a great
party gathering for the nomination of a
Presidential candidate son* to the meet
ing place :n such primitive style as this.
Andrew Jackson was nominated at a con
vention where there was a considerable
affectation of simplicity but little real
poverty. Mary of the delegates rode there
on horseback. Bat there were gentlemen
ridir.s bloodc-d animals, carrying silver
flasks of old whisky, and many of them
with "money to burn" at the wayside
'.:ms wh^re they stopped and indulged In
p u:r.cs of chance.
Far different are the men now prepar
ing "prairie schooners" In Missouri. Okla
homa, Kansas. Nebraska. Colorado and
Arkansas. They are determined to show
the convention what real democracy is.
according to their light. On* of the
schemes for doing this Is to camp out in
Kansas City and live In the "prairie
schooner" instead of in the hotels during
•he convention. One Western leader has
stated that this will be a stronger pro
test against plutocracy than any of the
r pooches made at the convention, and that
in seeing these hardy sons of toil actually
lirl&K on IP cents a day, too poor even to
Btop at a hotel, although representing
thousands of taxpayers, the Eastern dele
pates will have forcibly brought home to
t!.«rn who are really "the people."
It is likewise estimated that, aside from
the delegates from all over the neighbor-
Ing country who will flock to the conven
tion in "prairie schooners," many hun
dreds of spectators will likewise adopt
this extraordinary means of visiting the
city. Of course, the groat reason why
nothing like this has ever before been
witnessed is that this yeaf, for the first
time in history, a national eoriVention of
one of the two great parties will be held
west of the Mississippi. It would have
been impossible for "prairie schooner"
c>;< (rates to go to the conventions at St.
Louis, Chicago or Cincinnati. Many peo
ple in "blc-eding Kansas" and the adjoin
ing States and Territories are now rejoic
ing at the opportunity presented to them
of giving "the East" a practical object
lesson in modern local conditions.
There is in Western Kansas what Is
known as the "short grass country," so
called from the short, curly buffalo grass
that grows there. This is the country of
droughts, hot winds, dtserted towns ond
burst booms.
If a man can live In the "short grass
country" he is sturdy Indeed. Some men
do live in it and prohptr in a way. and
these will be part of the "prairie
6chooner" delegation.
Conditions are exceedingly hard in the
"short grass country" and men become
uncustomed to hard f«re and harder
journeys. A silver dollar looks pretty big
out there and a man will endure consid
erable hardship before he will spend ona
for purely physical comtort. There people
are accustomed to Ion? wagon journeys
and make them with less discomfort than
many a pampered cily man would In a
day coach on a slow train. For years
they have have been accustomed to go
about the country from one State to an
other or from county to county, as crops
failed or wasons were bad. They loaded
their possessions lrlo wagons and
"trekked" across the prairies. When they
found a new locality that suited them
they hired a farm, planted their seed
and worked the farm until another bad
crop came. Then they packed again and
moved on. Thcee In the West are called
"movere." "Moving" has become a habit
with them.
llany of the men who have become more
or less prominent In Oklahoma politics
went there from Kanras In a "mover's
wapon." as the modern prairie schooner is
called in that country. Arkansas and
Southern Missourt-the Oxark Mountain
folk— rude, proud and .is full of fight and
radical views as their mountain brethren
cf Kentucky, or the Carolinas. are famous
"movers" elib, and their religion Is "free
silver."
The farmer delegates of Colorado and
Western Nebraska may have "moved" at
some time from Kansas, Oklahoma or Ar
kansas, flitting: until they found a con
genial eoA and prosperity. These folk,
urrd to traveling the road In wagons,
will be the "prairie schooner" delegates
tind visitors.
It. is not to be supposed that all those
who journey to Kansas City In July la
jiralric schooners arc too poor to buy rail
road tickets ar.d pay hotel bills. Many of
Hi«*m will be prosperous formers and mer
chants ihe political leaders In the farm-
Ing eiiFtricts of the new country. They
will travel to the convention In wagons,
camping by the roadside and going from
their camps in the city to their seats in
the convention to show the world at large
ttnd the delegates from the East In partic
ular that they are true exponents of Jef
1 fcrsonian Democracy and simplicity.
• They will, they ray, fce a living protest
esatr.st college graduates, cigarettes,
Pullman cars and plutocracy.
The "prairie schooner" is a curious yet
Populists Will "Trek" to Kansas City
In spite of the fact that Captain Lloyd
was a Confederate spy, he Is now an ar
lent American. He Is one of the com
missioners of Hudson Park, la Ne~t
______ _____-._-. . —-I —..—••—
THE STJ1SDAY CAI/D.
¦;
7¦K*X*l< Paris is raving over/John' Philip
11 Sousa and his band of lusty-lunged
l\ Instrumentalists." : The vim and
/ \ dash of the American musicians,
together with the lively American
style of music which they are playing,
have proved , a decided . innovation to
, gay ; Parisians. The principal > topic of
conversation all along th© boulevards
these days seems to be, the ? remarkable
success which Sousa has met with In in
troducing ."Le>Temp du . Chiffon," com
monly known In this : country, as "rag
time." •
The native bands . have 'taken ; up this
peculiar style ; of , distinctly ', American mu
fIc, * even going so far as to ' play . th©
"Marsellalse" in rag .time. * It ' is s also re
ported that many of : the most blaze Pa-
rlslans are • practicing the ; delicate step3
of the cake walk, a feat which to them
is extremely difficult. owing to;th#;French
fashion of wearing*' *«r \wlth heels ex
traordinarily hlgh.^.^, Ji •
Sousa has iMrodiicwz.aany.new melo- -,
dies to the visitors at the Exposition;: but,
t he ' one which seems . to have caught th©
populace - Is i the characteristic ¦ cak© . walk <
march; -'Bunch o' 'Blackberries," ; by "the
composer; - of - in© - "Smoky.? Mokes" cako
walk, which was so popular In this coun
try.-..- /:. ; :.'¦•¦ ¦, .-:.:. ..
The - principal \ strain from ¦• "Bunch o f
Blackberries, over which the French
men are going wild; Is shown above.
It is being hummed, whistled and played
in, almost, every nook and -corner, of th©
French capital,; seemingly, having been
accepted by the 'natives as being far and
away ;• th© . best thing . of ~; its . kind - ever,
heard therev, --.—••» - * :."¦
PARIS HAS GONE RANG TIME WILD
Truxtun Beale holds that tb© evil ef
fects of hot climates on the white man
are being overcome by science. Hereto
fore he has bad to labor hard, and thus
reduce hl3 vitality, but now the rapidly
increasing labor-saving machinery is sav
ing him much muscular labor and short
ening his hours of work. Then clothing
and housing and drainage and all sanita
tion have been greatly improved, and
proper ventilation and artificial ice have
come to lessen the detrimental influences
of the climate. Mr. Beale cites the many
cases of the Chinese adapting themselves
to all climates.
The Philadelphia Medical Journal, not
falling Into line with this argument, says:
"No mechanical contrivance for perform
ing labor Is likely to be devised that will
operate without human guidance, and it
such machinery Is operated by steam,
gas, or electricity, additlorial heat mu-*t
be generated somewhere. It Is as much
the direct rays of the sun as the work
that kills by sunstroke; this is evident
. from the large number of teamsters who
are affected during any unusually hot
days in summer in our large cities.
"It Is improbable that the poor will ever
be able to profit much by artificial Ice or
cooling apparatus, and even if they could
afford It this would necessitate some one
to work in intense heat to manage th©
power needed to run such a plant.
"The Chinese coolie can hardly be com
pared with the white working man. ' In
the first place he Is not a white man, and
furthermore centuries of life liko pack
horses have jtiven these men many of the
characteristics of beasts. Then, asaln,
the heat and moisture of the tropic3 are
most favorable to germ life, and unless
some means is discovered (which is very
unlikely) that will destroy bacterial life
without injuring other forms of life, th©
problem of combating disease In th©
tropics will always be a difficult one. No
doubt conditions in the tropics will b©
Improved so that the more prosperous
classtj can live with a fair degree of
safety and comfort, but It seems very im- k
probable that the working classes. whlcttr*
constitute the great masses of the popu
lation, will ever be made of anything but
native," ~- ; —
striding him In Its ro}d3 with fatal ana
relentless persistence; his partial moral
convalescence; his fal?, brutal and hope
less—all this unfolds a story Infinitely
sad. because real, a page from the book of
nature. .The glimpse the man has of th©
dawn of a pure passion before the waters
close over him forever Is the climax of a
tragedy — the death of a soul.
"Sapho" as a play, adapted by another
hand, written for the playhouses fre
quented by the Anglo-Saxon young per
son, with all that hard, bitter lesson
dragged to the garish footlights and lta
shadows accentuated by theatrical art and
a morbid intent — ah! that is quite a dlf-»
ferent matter.
From the pen of a writer less gtfted]
than Daudet "Sapho" would have been
base, vile, defiling. Regarded purely as a
work of art it Is a sincere, deep study,
prepared with Indefatigable skill, teaching
by the unfolding of inevitable consa
quence the penalty of transgression,
written by a genius who touches wltlx
ease hidden chords of human emotion.
— W. S. McClure, ia Personal Impres
sions.
Evil Effects of Hot Climats
Overcome by Science.
thinks the poor old Venus did not get out
of the way quick enough and it has to be
gene through again and again.
Then" the calcium light man gets roast
ed. In a voice that would dim any cal
cium Miss Roberts shouts: "You girl
there, stand back and let the light shine
on me. Now, here, you man, does the
light shine all over me? Mr. Morrison,
what are you doing? Why don't you tell
me? Are the lights on me? Here, some
of you people take down that tree. How
can I stand here with that palm leaf
tickling me in the back? Now back to
'Down with Venus and up with Sapho/
and, while the lights are down somebody
remove that tree."
Again the scene is rehearsed, this time
with the offensive tree removed while the
lights are down. Too bad, for that trea
was the only thing in the show that
tickled Miss Roberts.
Then came the couch scene. . "k.
"This will not do." paid Sapho, as she
sat bolt upright on the couch. "You peo
ple go farther down stage. I want the
people in the boxes to see me.' You girl
there get out of my line. You are keeping
the people in .the right box from" seeing
me," and the pcor inoffensive little girl
skulked down si age a few steps to clear
the line of vision from the boxes.
"There; how's that? Can everybody see
me? Mr. Morrison, Morrison, Morrison,
where are you?" shouted Sapho in a voice
that bounced over the empty orchestra
chairs out Into the desertedstreet; "bank
ed" against the Orphcum and on the,re
bound caught Mr. Morrison in the. lobby
of the Alcazar.
"Where have you been? Get over into
one of the boxes and se,e if everybody can
Bee mo." Mr. Morrison "got" and re
ported, and then came back to the lobby
to explain that Miss Roberts had. had two
performances that day and. was very tired
and nervous./ There was no need ¦ to ex
plain the latter. It was/a'' self-evident
fac^. Also that she was very, much out
of temper. Anybody can keep ' temper
when surroundings are conducive, but
"there arc times that try men's souls.'* ;if
the author of that had ever seen Miss
Roberts at' rehearsal he would have writ
ten,. "There arc stars that try; managers'
souls." The most placid person '.during
the rehearsal was- Mark Thall v Perhaps
it>was because Sapho thrcatened;at one
time to "put the play in my. pocket and
there will be no performance; to-night."
In just what pocket of her Sapho gown
Miss Roberts would put the play she did
not explain, but stars do not have to ex-
plain.
Then came the incident that nearly
broke up the "rbow." Mr. Thall wanted
a flash light of the "stairway scene."
The camera was all in plaeo, the powder"
ready and In leas than one second it would
be over. Miss Roberts saw her chance
for.'a rehearsal of lines not in the piay.
She raved and stamped and said "things."
"There'll be no photo of the stairway
scene," she shouted, and there wasn't.
Curious how infectious temper is. In one
hour Miss Roberts had everybody keyed
up to a state of exejtement and bad tem
per. At 3 o'clock she called for coffee.
"Mr. Morrison, get me some cofree at
once. I cannot go on any further without
coffee."
Then Lewis started on the hunt for cof
fee. There wasn't a chorus girl in the
house who couldn't have found gallons of
coffee Inside of five minutes, but none
could tell Mr. Morrison where he could
tind any— not even if Sapho did want it.
Surprising how forgetful people can be at
times. One hour later Sapho still had a
coffee thirst and the rehearsal closed be
cause Mr. Morrison could find no coffee in
San Francisco.
What a Critic
Has to Say
WHEN* Daudet wrote "Sapho" for
the^ French people he directed hl3
rare analytical power to probe
and expose huma*n weakness as
dispassionately as a great surgeon intro
duces his scalpel 'Into human flesh. He
did not create Its main characters as
first eccrc ret. Meantime the chorus
minpled with the principals and overran
the Etas* out into the orchestra seats, the
dress' circle and lobby, while Florence
Roberts seemed to be devoting her time
mostly to adjusting her Sapho crown and
workinp herself into a furious temper.
3-<ewis Morrison danced attendance, and
only pot himself severely sat upon until
fce looked taller and thinner, grayer and
more worried than ever, for the utar of
"Sapho" is surely his master.
The orchtetra runs through the music
time and time again, until the stage di
rector at last calls all to attention and
the rehearsal is on. All poes well until
the Entrance cf Sapho, and then the
trouble begins.
"This will not do," she says. "Clear the
stairway. You people stand down fur
ther. The audience will v.ant to see my
gown."
"Back to the entrance," pays the stage
director, and the part is scne through
£4^ain, and this time no menial dares stand
in front of the star. All goes well until
the "Down with Venus and up with
Sapho" scene is reached. Then Sapho
A Millionaire's Kitehen With
a $10,000 Cook.
Mr. Vanderbilt's kitchen is really very
beautiful to the eye. The purity of mar
ble, the luster cf tiles and the gleam of
metal are what one sees. The floor is of
marble, the shelves, the table, the sinks,
all the things that arc rarely moved ate
of marble, and cut with the precision of
Jewels.
The walla are lined with cream enam
eled tiles, and all the angles are covered
with brass moldings. Where the tiles
meet the doors and windows they are cov
ered with these metal moldings. The
ceiling is made of white enameled tiles
Bet in cement. But one does not imperil
the head cf a $10,000 cook with a loosely
set brick, eo each tile is also secured
with raised metal bolts.
Accentuating all this gleam of white and
rnctal is the hug** doubie-range. It Is set
In one corner under a. large seml-clrcular
hood, enriched with embossed copper or
naments, and Ewung from iron bars
wrought in t-pirals and foliations. The
hood is so powerful an agent in carrying'
off the odor and greasy steam that it will
waft from the hand a newspaper held un
der iL
The eookirg utensils arc in keeping
with this splendor. They are of copper,
with wrought-iron handle, many of them
ornamented, leading from the kitchen
to the butier's }iuntry are spiral stairs en
tirely enclosed in slats to shut out possi
ble odor yet retain the light. And this
is so successfully done that although the
kitchen is riirect.'y below the dining-room
and butler's- pantry, nothing disagreeable
makes its way aloft.
It is by a hose which may play fearless
ly in any part of the room that the
kitchen ig kept clean. Connected with
the kitchen is a scries of vaults. These
ere for ice, meat, vegetables, milk and
eggs, and are built in three sections of
hollow masonry, that they may bo kept
free from damp, and have perfect ventila
tion. The heavier articles, such as ice
and meat, are. put in through the pave
ment with derrick and lift, which relieves
the kitchen of ,a good deal of unpleasant
cess, as every housekeeper may. imagine.
character sketches alone fif they were
only that' It might have been better to
have left them in the gutter), but as
searching psychological studies from life,
surprising glimpses of human follr and
infirmity, written with the unsparing sin
cerity of absolute truth.
"Sapho" Js the history of the subtle
power of pitch to defile, from the first
step when the yoke is easy and the bnrden
light to that last awakening after the
whirlwind of passion ha3 swept every
thing away save rtiln and despair. The
benumbing, step by step, under the Influ
ence of Sapho of the better nature of a
man whose Impulses were not naturally
bad; his folly tightening like the anten
n&o of an octopus about him and con-
Just wherein
the J$ook
and the
play £>iffer
from Moral
Standpoint.
' i _¦> VEK irftaess a drers rehearsal cf a
Then you have ml??ed the most
irK'.-restins ?ido of theatrical life.
Vcti have niJr-scd seeing the chorus
¦worry the stajre director, actors. boss the
chorus, the mur.a^r boss the actors and
Ifce Ptar boss the whole t-ur-inej*.
The first drcs:- rehearsal of "Sapho" at
the Alcctir was jriven last Sunday n!eht.
or rclhcr Monday morning, lor It was Ions
cftcr micnl^ht fcefore all the stage *et
tlr.sr. t.r.d properties were la crdcr. arid the
J&t q £>ress
Rehearsal
£s inhere
the Reading
£ady Rules
When Great Sapho Shows Her Temper
THE CALL.
8During all of that time I scarcely ever
had a bath and lived upon a sort of corn
bread and dried meat. Only that and
nothing more. When I returned to civil
ization I was so ravenous. that I seized a
beefsteak arfd gnawed it while I held It
with my hands. Then I took a bath. For
five hours I took that bath.
I was ever fond of adventure, and had
managed to live on very good terms with
the Indians. One night about 10 o'clock
I was sitting In the store of an Indian
trader, when I heard a sound of a flute
and a deep, dull, muffled drum beat. The
trader told me that there was going to be
a funeral among the penltentes. It was
something that he had never seen.
1 determined to go to that funeral. It
came very nearly being mine as well..
The
Hamrasellf
Tglls OF
His Host
Ad vent Mrs
C\ NE of California s artist
f . . ....
sons has arrived at the kteh-
est honors that the French
. , mtM -_v ¦ - ,* . .
Acadcmx ts accustomed to give to
foreigners.
He has been brevcttcd an officer
of the academy by order of the
Minister of Instruction and Beaux
Arts. The fact that Amcdcc
Joullin is a native-born San Fran
ciscan and that the Minister in
awarding him the decoration par
ticularly dzcclt upon the fact that
he was "ctrangcr" is much to the
credit of California. Fleeing for
his life fzco years ago to escape
vengeance of savage Penitentes for
making sketches of their secret
funeral ceremonies, Jiozi' Amcdce
Joullin is gathering 'glory abroad
as a rcco<+:ition of his meritorious
paintings.
Art is long, for it has a long
road to travel. Ainedee Joiillin has
traveled that road, and literally
over thorny paths while he was in
Old and New Mexico, sketching
the ferocious Zunis, who suppose
that they are losing part of their
substance or at least their astral
forms when they sec their doppcl
gangcrs en canvas or paper.
His most exciting adventure of
all the wild year that he spent on
the desert and through the Zuni
Mountains zvas wlicn he zvatched
a funeral of the Penitentes. Many
stories of the Penitentes have been
told, but fczv have seen their rites,
and so far as knozvn, no other pcr
son, unless it be Charles F. Lum
mis, has ever, attended one of their
ritualistic funerals.
The sketches made in the Indian
lands by Mr. Joullin very nearly
cost him his life, and have an un
usual value for that reason.
Lumtnis 'himself only escaped
with his skin full of buckshot, and
he earnestly warned Joullin not to
attempt to make any pictures.
Ji has been an interesting ques
tion to know why these Indians
should have settled in so desolate a
region, and, furthermore, why they
arc so uniformly fierce and wicked,
for it is only zchen doing penance
that they are not doing harm to
others. They come honestly by
their dispositions, for they are de
scendants of renegades, outlaws
and exiles from Mexico, who had
their choice of death or banishment
to this bitter, desolate place.
1
£}y stmedee Joullin.
I sj>ent the greater part of a year, somo
tlm«-s or. horseback, mostly on foot, wan
dering over the mosas, lava beds and
bwttes of Western New Mexico.
- ¦ ' • ¦ •
The penltentes . like funerals. Outslfla
of the ¦ trader's .lodge the moon gleamed
over things with that apparent j daylight
brightness that is never seen except in the/
high, dry air of the Southern mountains.'
The moonlight is not the same thing here:
it is red or yellow. There it j is greenish •
' •white, like the calciunv light moonlights
on the • stage. ¦. The night was very still.
No sound but the 'croaking of a few frogs
down'by the waterhole.V I "saw the lights
and heard the music of the procession aa
It was about to' start from their mbrada.
The procession was headed by. two men.
•Snakes in his blood! The doctors talk
ing about William Hill's case in technical
terms call his affliction filariasis. Place
one drop of his blood under a microscope
or.d 11 is alive with great writhing, wrig
gling serpents. Perhaps you will see one
of these sinuous and twisting things,
made monstrous and repulsive under the
ler.ses. devouring a blood corpuscle. The
ted' blood, corpuscles are their prey. Tha
physicians who have been studying Hill's
rase say that he has more than seven
hundred thousand of these snakes, or
filaria. racing through his system.
So rare is filariasis in this climate that
Hill was exhibited before tL? New York
Fathcloglcal Society at the Academy of
Medicine at a recent meeting. Hill con
tracted the disease In the tropics. It al
ways has its origin in hot countries. It
was only after diligent and painstaking-
Investigation that the doctors at Ro3«e
velt Hospital were able to determine
Hill's disease. Then they were forced to
turn him away with, "We can do nothing
fur you." -
The miniature snakes, or worms, as per
haps Ihty might more properly be caUed.
fvir they are invertebrate, have their nat
ural habitation in the larvae of mos
quitoes. In their embryonic state the
tilana float about in the waters of tropical
streams or marshes. The mosquito larvae
in feeding take them in. They develop
rapidly in the mosquito larvae and thrive
even after the larvae have taken on wings
and fly away in the shape of the blood-
Fcckiiig pests. That they should thrive !n
the biiraan system is what astonishes the
prystclnns.
Hill had lived in Vera Cruz. Mexico. He
had worked on a planatation just previous
to coming to New York. While in the
fields he. had been forced in the absunee
of a purer water supply to drink di'ch
water. This water had been draine 1 cK
the fields. -The laboring people e'ther,
through- ignorance or careless disregard
of the dangers that lurk in this surfare
water. frequently drink it. In the water
he drank were mosquito larvae,
commonly known as wrigglers. Living m
these wrigglers were these tiny worms
which are now feasting on his red blood
corpuscles. . /
' Hill had -been In New York for a year
and a l»alf before he knew what was th?
matter with him. He obtained employ
ment soon after going there as an elevator
boy. His first ailment was noticed when
he was changed from a day to a night
shift of work. He grew restless. It was
Impossible for him to sit still for more
than a minute at a time. As long as he
was tugging at his elevator rope or was
opening or shutting doors for passengers
he felt all right. Bnt In the hours when
there were few passengers and little ac
tual work to do It was Impossible for him
to rest. He would begin to fidget the mo
ment he sat down. He sought relief from
wrapped only In a sheet. Twenty of the
penltentes walked about the hideous cata
falque. Barefooted, bareheaded, their
faces hidden by black cloths, they had
nothing else upon them but white trous
ers. In their hands they carried each a
whip or scourge, called a discipline, made
from the fibers of cactus and soaproot.
As they marched they took long, decided
steps. After each step they paused and
swung their disclpllnas backward over
their shoulders, striking a sounding blow
upon .the bare back. All stepped together.
All of the blows fell at once. That was
what had at ilrst sounded to me like the
beating of the muffled drum.
As. the men walked and struck them
selves the bleed flowed from the wounds
caused by the stripe3. A bearer attended
them with- a. bucket of water and sponged
-them with 'some sort of fluid preparation.
-Following -the: self-torturing men came
an equal* number of women. They were
entirely dressed in black and carried each
a lighted candle. As they walked they
wailed, not In unison with the step of the
men, the beating whips or the music; Just
their sad, hopeless howl, that seem3 cop
led from that of the coyote, the only song
ot the desert.
At short intervals the two men in front
fired revolvers. When they came to the
morada where the woman had lived all
got upon their hands and knees' and
crawling thus, purposely cut themselves
upon the sharp lava rocks. Rising again
they proceeded to their cemetery, a small
place marked by a low stone wall. Tho
head of each grave had a few rough
stones and a cross made of sticks lashed
together. A grave had already been dug
and the body was thrown into it with no
coffin and no shroud other than the small
sheet with which it had been covered.
All this time I had been dodging and
creeping along behind rocks and - sage
From the graveyard the Indiana w«nJ
over to an altar of largo stones, which
stood upon the mesa. Around it thero
was absolutely nothing but tha baro
ground for a considerable distance. Ev
erything had apparently been cleared
away for the very purpose of enabling
the Indians to prevent any one from
stealing up to observe their ceremonies.
After "remaining there for some timo
they again continued their march over
the mesa. The last thing I saw was tho
*cvo red lanterns. The sound of tha flute.
the thud of tho flagellation and the wall-
Ing of the women. Then the walling died
away in the distance; the flute and tho
blows I could still hear. Next the sound
of the beating ceased, and last of all tha
faint notes of the flute.
The moon had set. The mesas wera
black against the stars and X stumbled
back to my squalid cavern, sick and feel
ing' for the guilt-stained persons who
sought to thus lighten punishment for
their sins as the priest must feel for
the confessed penitent. For -these peoplo
arercrlmlnals of the most desperate class
free from that touch of joyous deviltry
that^ animates nearly all of those, whom)
we know as convicts.
The next morning early 1 was again at
the lodge of the trader, when there cama
in a villainous looking Indian who asked
me in bad Spanish whether I had mado
pictures of the penltentes. There waa
more in his manner 'than his words, but
I will not forget a word, a gesture, not
an expression of his countenance. I de
nied having any pictures of him In my
possession and he left sullen and threat
ening.
"Take your horse," said the trader.
"The sooner you leave and tho faster you
go, the better it will be for you."
I went soon and fast and— I'm going yet.
Strange Case of a 97fan Who JUrs Snakes
in Jfr/s 5ft food.
this restless state by walking, and usual
ly found It. Thi3 restlessness was later
accompanied by fever.
Then crme an itching sensation all over
his body, lie had been working nights for
several weeks, when this restlessness and
fever left him during the hours he was on
duty, but took hold of him about the timo
he had settled himself in bed for his day
light sleep. His sleep was so broken that
he complained to his employer that ho
was unable to rest in thfi day time, and
at his request he was changed back to
day work. The restlessness and itching
continued to harass him during the day
light hours, when he was not actually at
work. But he was getting good sleep at
night. This did not last long. All tho
troublous symptoms left in the day time,
but were present at night again, only to
the extent that his sleep was again
broken. He then concluded that it was
not the night work that caused his in
ability to sleep.
.The explanation of this shifting: ot
periods of discomfort is very interesting.
It was due entirely to the aversion that
these worms that lill Hill's blood have to
finding their paths disturbed. The time
when they like best to chase about
through blood vessels is when he is rest
ing. They had propagated In hi* system
in great numbers and were probably caus
ing him to be restless in his sleep, just at
the time he was put on night work. They
had not been present in sufficient numbers
to prevent him from setting to sleep, but
they were most active during midnight
The physicians have found that during
the hours that a person afflicted with
filariasis is, most active tiie tiny blood
snake hides away in the blood vessels,
where there is the least current. Inves
tigations made by pathologlsta in Samoa,
where the disease is most frequently
?t° U £&i haV^ 8hown th at one of the favor
ite hiding places during the time when tha
cS&SW co^^t^^^h'Pi^nld,^
fh 3Ce3 {.V he nis 5, t - b€gan roaming arouSI
through his arteries, veins and capillaries
at the time he had usually been asK
They were multiplying all the time and
in proportion to their growth in number!
grew the fever and restlessness. Hll™
tormentors finally shifted their workj"£
hours with his. Then, when he went back
!2 ? aj L rk l l was a week 6r two beforo
their habits changed. rt>
Hill finally began to suffer from chylurta
and becoming alarmed he went to Koose
vell Hospital.
They puzzled long over the case Th»
catient was not seriously ill apparen'lv
but they kept him at the hospital for a few
days. After a careiul inouiry into his nis
tory they placed some of his blood under
the microscope arcl were amazed at what
they saw. In each drop of blood there
were on the avesage live of the ravenous
snakes. Then thpy found that a I>r
Lewis, while traveling In Central America
twenty yars ago. had discovered the dis
ease. But in all the medical records of
New York there had not been more than
six cases. These had come from th«
tropics.
It Is estimated by the doctors that there
are 768.000 fllarla or blood snakes In his
body. This is on the basis oZ five to each
drop of blood.
each carrying red lanterns. Then came
the relatives, followed by a man carrying
a triangular frame In the shape of a pyra
mid with candles set upon it.
The corpse was seated, bolt upright,
strapped in a chair, which was set upon a
table, borne on the shoulders of four men.
Around the corpse, which was that of a
wonian, were burning candles. A white
irosa was affixed to tho bier and th«» hod?
brush trying my best to see. As th» fu
neral ceremonies at the grave proceeded
I had managed to get nearer and nearer
with but little to conceal me except the
small rock piles over the tombs.
As the Indians prepared for their re
turn I thought at Srnt that they w;re
going to march directly toward my hid
ing place, but I escaped without being
Been.
SKETCHED INDIANS WHILE DEATH STALKED AROUND HIS EASEL
AND IS DECORATED WITH PALMS FOR HIS PAINTINGS.
First Native Californian to Become an Officer of French Academy
-:¦-¦><> ¦ . :¦';¦¦¦:¦,¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9spangles or Mutter with rutnes In the way
that little maids usually adore. It is mere
ly a heavy pearl-sray broadcloth, slashed
from collar to hem into a design of long
drawn-out scrolls, between which show9
a background of heavy-meshed cream
lace. The gown is really made in two
pieces, although the girdle is so slight and
the scroll pattern of fhe bodice continues
so harmoniously in the skirt that the ef
fect at a litt't. distar.ee is that cf a prin
cess gown. It Is a costume that suggests
the stately, queenly type more than the
dainty, vivid personality of the owner: but
we, see her wear it. anil it apparently was
made for no one else. She and the gown
are altogether congenial.
The two Parisian triumphs are the tea
gown by 1'ulot ami the ball gown by
Pacquln. They are both carried out in a
scheme of shrimp pink— tho kind of pink
that lights up be>«t bohin'l artificial light.
It is an ideal 'color for cither tho stage or .
the ballroom." . ,
When Mii>3 Burkhart appears in that
extravagance of Cslot'C you can picture
her in some dim corner, shine upon by
rosy tapers. You can verily snifl the tex.
She brought this tea gown all the way
to San* ; Franclsco to christen it here, so
wo know it in all its glowing youth.
The uninitiated may gaze .admiringly
and think of it <i* an exquisite eh.ios of
silk and lace and fringe and chiffon, and
wonder where it begins and ends. Confi
dentially, it is made in two parts. First
goes? on a pink gros-grain silk petticoat
zigzagged with little white chiffon rufflea.
Above this is worn the pink crepe gown:
it parts to show tho petticoat beneath
fringes. The crepe is lined with taffeta
to match. Bands of white insertion and
bows of white satin ribbon relieve the
pink just where relief is needed.
.Now for the ball gown. It is one of
Pax-rjuin's masterpieces, and only one In
live hundred could wear it. Miss Burkhart
is the one.
A true description of it hardly comes un
der the heading of a fashion page at alL
It merges somehow ipto the personality of
its owner, and they together are one pic
ture. Because she is as lithe as a mer
maid the gown suits her. Venetian lace
is the foundation for a coral design, such
as was never seen before.. Iridescent
scales of shaded pink arc woven into the
coral branches that cover the bodice and
border the skirt. They gleam as only
things under the sea know how to gleam.
It Is horridly realistic to add that an inch-
Wide border of shaded pink panne velvet
follow the overskirfs curves; but It is one
of those necessary details that go to maka
up the -whole effect.
and she probably -wishes that nats were
not mountains. ;
Her fancy: for gray had its own way in
the matinee gown. Raudnitz designed It
in hia London-trained mind, and Raudnitz
likewise" carriri it out. The little maid'
who basks in the cozy warmth of Miss
Burkhart's service says, "I like it best of
all." And yet it docs not glitter with
vantage than when cut In long, unbroken
lines. The. lines of stitching in the back
follow the box pleat -from waist to bind
ing, the skirt having. a "moderate sweep
on the ground. The , black is relieved by
peeps of a scarlet dust .ruffle and: by the
white broadcloth which forms the. upper
revere and winks through the openwork
design of the lower.
The hat for this suit is a bit top ne.ivy,
as the hats of the period persist in being.
Upon a frame of gray straw are piled
masses of gray velvet and white chiffon
in puffy," pompadour, effects that- make
the:; fair wearer look like a detail. The
times, -not' Miss Burkhart, are to blame.
She is an artist in; everything she does,
from her acting to her choosing of clothes.
THE fashions of the summer girl of
\VV) mean mire than fashions will
for a hundred years to come. There
is a sort of sentimental interest at
taching to them. Our great-granddaugh
ters will point to yellow pasts and suy:
"These wore the styles at the beginning
<jf the century" (or ;it the end of the
last century, M ¦ you pessimists will
have your way).! Who will care
what was, worn In 132*1 or 1030 or J?75?
SCobbdyJ Such oOd numbers are nonde
ecripi- Bur the gowns «j1 VjVs— they pro' to
make history" Imit:itions of them will be
flaunted at future Mardl Gras festivals^
The l>ello of the future who is, fortunate
enough to have had a great-grandmother
can wear the it;u thir.£ and pese as "a
belle of 19^." •'Those were days," she
will say.
And if by that lime fashion lias devel
oped some newly abpurd whim— an ad
vanor<l tiyle of hoops, for instance, or
balloon* sleeves pneumatically inflated,
how our grcat-grandsonf will saze at "the
be'le <if 1?OT' am*, exclaim: "AVhat sensible
women our Kt'.nt-prandmoth'-rs were, to
be sure. They wore clothes that bore
Borne relation to the human form and that
permitted them to breathe and raise their
Perhaps one of th"sc same great-grand
rons will approach Miss Ycar-Two-Thou
sand and inquire in what history she
found the model for her fancy costume.
And perhaps nhn ¦will reply. 'The great
est luck! In !Qok!r.£ over some antique
portraits 1 catn« upon one of Miss Lillian
Burkhsrt. tho fascinating actress, you
know. I have read that xhe was fjuite an
authority on drcFs. and so I modeled this ¦
upon her coral ball gewn."
Shades of Sella! That coral gown Is a
fjea. dream! But, wait. We must begin
with the outing pown for morning wear.
The ball cown is coming, if you read
through to the end. B3B
Miss Burkhart finds New York tailors
and dressmakers quite Rood enough for
her when it comes to the street gown,
although she confesses to Paris workman
ship In the more drcs?y part of her ward
robe. Those French people have more
time to be poetic, even in dress designing,
than the businesslike American has. But
a New York firm furnished the snappy
little outing suit, and there is nothing
more crisply American in her whole out
fit-
Fine white flannel forms the basis, and
co far it is like a hundred others. But
the trimming! It is just that which
etansps it as belonging to Miss Burkhart.
Somehow, she always manages to keep
inside, the fence built by the prevailing
mpde, and at the same time to "be in
dividual.
Now, it took brains/ plenty of brains,
to. think out that trimming of the Eton.
Jacket. Nothing but pearl buttons, and
blue eatin polka-dotted ; in white were
used, but they were put* on in a unique '
way. The. collar ana revers* are faced
¦with the satin and little pointed straps
of it slope toward the fiont and are nailed
down, each one of them, by a fat white
button. -
The street suit is ' another New York
conception, almost severely; plain and all
the smarter for so being. Black broad
cloth like this never shows to better ad-
'-.... . - -
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE NEW CENTURY
SUMMER GIRLTHE SUNDAY CALL.
/^fHE is with usj once more. She
\^^ comes as regularly as the calendar
works* around*- to the summer
L^V months, as regularly as the sands
4 become hot. She is the summer
bathing girl, poor thing, the victim ot
lore squibs than the mother-in-law or
e henpecked husband.' In spite of them.
he is- never downed, and each season she
appears in. some nev,- development of cos
tume.
Neptune will star* lhi» season of 1900
when the bathing girl visits him — provided
she be built upon the Paris model for
the bathing girl. Paris naij decreed fluffs
and frills. Accordion pleated— what? It's
worth while guessing. A cross, apparent
ly, between summer clouds and ocean
foam, which sounds more poetical than
prac*'cal. AVhether Paris ever intended
this mousseline creation to leave dry land
is a question. The wearer may either
hung her clothes on a hickory limb and
not go near the water or she may invest
in a now bathing suit daily. The latter,
perhaps. In more nearly what Paris,in
tended. For the spirits of shoppers rise
when fashions are perishable, and the
summer girl must cater to those spirits.
Flippant as the" French bathing suit
looks, however, there is an advantage in
it that rannot be overlooked. Professor
Qoetz of the t Lurhne Baths is responsible
for : the- Btntement that -European women
aro better dressed-for. bathing, than ours,
because their . costumes are 50 much
lighter, that the bather la freer In. the
water, "Those heavy clothes that Ameri
can women insist on wearing fire nothing
but 11 hindrance." he says. - "Wear a suit
that has little fullness, so that there is
the less wet cloth to tug. The French
womon are the wisest in the. matter of
dress, unless it be. the Germans; they go
barefooted into the surf."
So if you would be a gorgeous sight
upon the beach and a dashing swimmer
in the' surf you will find the Paris model
a safe one to follow. But if you.lind.lt
too ephemeral nnd claim that plain, good
enough-for-us America will do. very well,
then you will find that she seta the fash
ion thid year for as, modest and smart a
little bathing. suit as ever was designed.
Bloomers, skirt and sleeves are only mod
erately full; they will be as little hind
rance as j is Consistent with our national
modo of diessjns. Jersey is the worst
possible fabric. Professor Goetz thinks;
it clings like tangled seaweed.
Ho says also: "Be sure that the stock-
Ings are supported from the waist. Thia
$tves -greater freedom of motion."
'A handkerchief tied by the skilled hand
makes the best can in the world, it keeps
the hair dry and lends a coquettish little
ho\v . to top off . the bather's charm.
Though the- truth is (and It's a bitter
truth) that swimming is one thin? •and
keeping dry is another. If you are going
into the water for the real thing you may
as well leave caps and shoes behind and
make up your mind to ignore getting wjet.
Surely the costumes of 1900 are enough .
to tempt the summer girl to leave parasol
and gloves behind and to get really wet
In really water. California has chances
that interior States may envy. "The boys
and girls who have been brought up to
stand Home hardships ure the best swim
mers." the professor, says. "They have
less fear to overcome than the doll-baby
type has. ¦ 'Whoever is bound to learn
might as well make up his mind to go
into the water, and the sooner* he grows
used to it the better. There 13 plenty in
theory, to be sure; there are methods that
every pupil should learn, but they won't
do any good unless put into practice in
the water, not on dry land."
Here is a c>;. ice for you: American du
rability or French flightiness. As you will.'
11
The Summer
Bathing Girl
Suits From Newman and
Levirison.But when earth J)atb forgotten thy scepter and crown..
And is shadowed no more by tby throne:
When tby long-vanished courts shall be sport for tbe clown
And the grave of tbine arroies unknowr>.
Call aloud, and'thy penitent sons-shall again • '
Give b ee d to tbe voice of the Motber of Men ! *¦' *
He that tiileth the soii J)=th a strong right am)
That can follow the flash of his eye:
flnd the shepherd defendeth his lan)bs from barn;
When the bounds are in clamorous cry.
But he scorneth the Lion's degenerate race,
Tfoe whelps that lie tamed in the marketing-place.
"Yea. they're mine, though they sin till my sorrows are deep.
And the Lion-soul nsver may yield:
Sti!! the timid shall shrioK froro his conquering leap,
Sti'l he rulcth'thc beast of the field r
Ah! Britannia, the blood cf that beest in his veins
hjeth greped till the Lion is burdened with chains I
"flre they truly rt)y own. who have lifted the sword.
Who have traropled the weak in tr.cir path.
Who with covetous cunning would add to t^.eir heard.
Who have threatened the brave with their wrcth ?
If these only wers n)ine, O Cod pity me then,
•! " '*¦
God pity that I heve been mother of men! 4
"There is blood on the desert where on-rushjng feet
Spurn the sands under African suns;
There is blood on the k°P where the battle-tides roeet
In the smoke of the bellowing guns;
There's a moan en the sea. th'.ra's a wail in the air!
O misguided cnes, have a care! have a care!
"I have giver) ri)y strength to infill their young ycins, v "
• 5 would gather then) all at my k^es ;
Yet have scroc gone astray in their strugg'e for gains,
Some defied me and fought to be free.
And yet others arc bowing me lower with shan>e
And hastening their doon) in their longing for fame.
£y Jsabel jparling.
"Lift the crown from my head, lay the scepter aside,
Set the torch to this wearisome throne /
And !et time have its way with these wrappings of pride.
• While ! mourn in the shadows alone!
for 1 ceil to rrjy sons, but my calling is vain.
Till, sea with defeat, they sh^U bring rrje their pain.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
MOURNING
BRITANNIAAll hope has been abandoned of rescuing
the five . Belgian, .engineers and; one
woman. . . .' "-^___
ALL FOREIGNERS MAY
LEAVE SOUTHERN CHINA
connivance In the Boxer movement, fur
nished by an edict published to-day'de
nouncing General Uieh SI Cheng for kill
ing some of tha rioters, the strongest pos
sible action of the powers, It Is asserted
here, can alone remedy the situation,
which has assumed the gravest aspect.
The edict is couched In such terms that It
leaves nodoubt of the deep sympathy, of
the throne with the Boxers, who are -do
scribed as "eood citizens." Besides de
nouncing General Xleh for killing the
Boxers, the- edict orders him to return
with his troops to Loopal,, eighty miles
from the scene of the disturbance. It Is
claimed here that tlus first step.. of the
powers for. the preservation of.,forelgn life
and property ought to be the. assumption
of control of the railroad to Peking.
The* Viceroy of Yulu ¦ has memorialized
the throne' earnestly requesting. thcGov
ernment to allow the foreign powers to
use Hie railroad, pointing out that other
wise serious trouble- is unavoidable. ¦, .
Tung Chow, thirteen miles from Peking, .
was burned Friday. Twenty native Chris- ¦
tlans were killed. The foreigners are safe
at Peking. It is reported that all the mis
sionaries have been ordered in, 1 as- the;
Boxer movement Is spreading and has j
reached Shan HI province, the seat of the!
Peking syndicate concessions. 'The.Gcr-.
man warship, Hertha, has' arrived at Taku.
TIENTSIN, June 9.— It Is announced on
credible authority that j unless a 1 foreign
guard Is sent to Tongshan by. June 11
all foreigners In, Southern China will
leave. "This Is considered very serious, as
valuable \ railway plants and mining ma
chinery are unprotected, E except ' for na
tive troops. ,* ...
The, four forefen gunboats In the river
at Taku are considered' able to frustrate
any trouble at that station or at the forts.
It is "reported that many thousand Boxers
are . moving : from* beyond • Tangbung
hither, either- to surround General Nleh
•or are'comlng to Tientsin. " •' .\ ¦ .
General Nleh's troops are now fighting
beyond Tangtsun. He telegraphed the
throne to-day.; that the Boxers had sur
rounded his troops. He tried to.dlsperse
them"! by threats but without ; avail. He
had no alternative but to light and leaves
himself at the mercy of the Emperor. He '
considers that, if the Boxers are not put
down* there will be" serious trouble be
tween-China and the foreign powers, ;
It Is reported that Pietsang station 'has
GLOSSARY OF CHINESE TERMS.
>. : - New York Herald.
Tsurg LI Yamen— The Foreign Office. \.. < -.
Bow Wong Wul— Society for the Protection of the Emperor— the reform
party, j * - ' ..." . ¦ ¦¦ " }' . ; . •";"• : ¦"*••
Ye Ho Chuan— Society commonly known as the "Boxers"— literally, Right
eousness, Harmony and Fists. • fj. . • '
Kwanff.Yu Wai— The young. Emperor's chief adviser and the leader of
the reform party. \ . . .. ...
LJung Kai Chu— Second adviser of tho Emperor arid reform -leader. Com
ing to America. . , / .''.".
Kwancr Sui— The young Emperor.
Fan Kwel — Foreign devil. - . ¦ - '
Fu— A prefecture.. >,.'•'
Chihtai— Governor General, usually: superintending two provinces.
Chun Chi— The General Council of State. '" ';''. ', *
' Chung. T*ang— A grand Secretary of State.of whom there are six.
¦Futai — Governor of a province.
NeiKo— Grand secretariat- and Imperial chancery. . I .' . .
FORMAL DEMAND
FOR SUPPRESSION
OF THE BOXERS
- i - • -,i,- ¦' • - •/ - • -..¦'if
Special.- Dispatch: to ",The Call. ,~
f> ALII HEADQUARTERS,
O WASHINGTON^ June 7.
— Formal demand was « made
upon the Empress of China to
day to take measures for im
mediate ' suppression of the
"Boxers." The demand was
made in special audience
granted by the ruler of China
to the representatives of the
powers. United States Minis
ter Conger was present, in ac
cordance with instructions
sent : from- "Washington; ! and
while he did not take part with
other diplomats, he acted con
currently, and . his participa
tion in the audience is believed
here to have given weight to
the representations that were
made.
IMPERIAL CONNIVANCE
IN BOXER MOVEMENT
TIENTSIN, Friday. June 9.— In view of
the conclusive confirmation of imperial
NEW YORK. June 9.— The first detailed
report of the doings of the Boxers was
received by the Presbyterian Board to
day in a letter from Rev. Horace Hould
ing of the South Chi Li mission af Lin
Chlng, province of Shantung. He quotes
a letter to United States Minister Con
ger by Arthur S. Smith, as follows:
"There were alarms of an attack on the
village of Ho Chin Tun, in . China, by
Boxers from Chlng Ping. We addressed
letters, to each of the district magistrates
letting them know of the matter.
"The following morning the Boxers ap
peared at the village in a force repre
sented as 2'X), of whom perhaps thirty
were cavalry. They divided Into squads,
one party making for our chapel and
schoolhouj'e, the doors of which they
broke in and proceeded to loot the place,
carrying off everything, pulling out the
window-frames and burning them with
the doors for fuel.
"Directly in front of the chapel Is an
other, yard with commodious houses, oc
cupied by the mission and used as out
private headquarters for the district.
This place was also looted and wrecked.
"One party of the pillagers made for
the%house of the helper, which they en
tered and pillaged, but did less damage
than elsewhere owing to the vigorous re
monstrance to tho head men, who said
that if they burned the house It would set
fire to others adjoining. The members of
the family escaped over the wall, the
young daughter of the helper, a pupil in
our girls' school, having a narrow escape
from capture. The bandits gave chase,
but a neighbor mercifully assured them
the child was hers and thus saved her."
DETAILED REPORT OF
DOINGS OF THE BOXERS
probably based on something broader
than personal curiosity, to learn what are
the intentions of the United States Gov
ernment. It appears that the State De
partment has dealt frankly with such In
quiries and has made no concealment of
its policy of non-interference beyond a
point necessary to protect American life
and property. It Is deemed entirely
proper, however, to move along the same
lines as those followed by European na
tions toward the accomplishment of this
object, so that while there are no entang
ling understandings or alliances all the
substantial results of a Joint action may
be achieved.
United States naval forces ashore at Tien
tsin and Peking in guarding the Chinese
railways, and he is free to exercise* his
own discretion In that respect.
¦The State Department oinclals felt that
the action taken- by the Navy Depart
ment in the dispatch of naval vessels to
the scene of trouble and the landing of
naval forces represents all that can be
done, or at-least air that should be done,
by the United States at this moment. The
department remains unshaken In its at
titude, and while willing to work on par
allel lines with the other powers to re
store peace In China. Insists on retaining
its Independence of action.
When attention was directed to the
probability that the United States naval
forces ashore at Tientsin might- be called
upon to join with these foreign naval con
tingents in the ,defense of the town or
the railroad. It was pointed out that this
action would be purely military, and
would not constitute joint action from a
political point of view. «
The foreign embassies and legations in
Washington are Intensely interested In
the developments In Chin?., and applica
tions are frequent at the State Depart
ment from them for the latest news as to
what is going on. There also Is a strong
desire on the part of these diplomats.
the time would be required for the ves
sels at Shanghai to make the trip to
Tientsin that would be cpnsumed by the
Nashville. The Navy Department has
sent Instructions to the commander of
the Monocacy at Shanghai to report to
Admiral Kempff at Taku, and that ves
sel is already on her way. Although an
old ship, the Monocacy is admirably
adapted to this kind of service, drawing
only nine feet of water and carrying a
very good secondary battery. Her per
sonnel Is 12 officers and 146 men. The
Castine and Yorktown also are at Shang
hai and can be drawn upon, according
to Admiral Remey's dispatch, by Admiral
Kempjr, if he wants more men. These
vessels are of 1000 and 1700 tons displace
ment respectively, with batteries about
the same as the Nashville. The Castlne's
personnel is 11 officers and 142 men; the
Yorktown's 14 officers and 1S1 men.
Minister Conger's dally report was even
less encouraging than usual. In his ca
blegram to Secretary Hay this morning
lie said that the situation was ' unim
proved; that the burning of railroad
plants continues, and that owing to the
inertness cf ihe Chinese troops It would
be necessary to employ foreign troops to
protect the railways.
The State Department has not deemed
It necessary to send any specific author
ixatlon to Mr. Conger to employ the
to draw upon the ships at Shanghai for
mere. "REMEY."
In view of the length of tl^ne required
by the Nashville to make the trip to
Taku ; it is fortunate that the Navy De
partment has other reinforcements near
at hand in the shape of vessels at Shang
hai. This force Is only about three days
distant from Taku, and only about half
'OHANpHfll. Juoe 9.— A dispatch from Tientsin,
dated Friday, June 8, says 500 Russian
troops are about to land there.
The dispatch adds that Fung Chow j)as been
burned, but that tl)e missionaries are safe.
LONIX)N, Juno 9.— The situation In
China to-night appears distinctly
graver. The destruction of a Rus
sian chapel at Tung-Tingan has pro
vided Russia with the desired pre
text to land more troops. Thedispatch from
8t- Petersburg this afternoon that the
Government Is resolved, if the dangerous
situation in China continues, to take mill -
tary action to repress the antl-forelgn
movement, at the same time declaring
that It has no intention of disassociating
itself from the joint action of the powers,
may be regrarded as a semi-official utter
ance meaning that if there is any hesi
tancy on the part of the powers Russia
will act alone.
All reports agree that the Boxer move
ment is Fpreading. The report Is con
firmed vhat the French apents at Mong
Tse ar.d Y.un-Nan-Fu have been compelled
to retire and this shows that the move
ment has reached Southwest China and
has provoked France Into taking active
step*.
Sir Claude Mnrdonald, British Minis
ter at Pekinp. has wired the British Con
sul at Shanghai confirming the reported
outracc-s and the fact that the throne and
Government have been actuated by a se
cret sympathy with the Boxer movement.
which the Government has ample power
to suppress if it so desired. His dispatch,
however, is in no way of an alarmist
r.atur.r
The lareyt Tientsin dispatch saying that
the Dowager Empress has appointed anti
foreign Generals with the pretended mis
sion to eurore^s the ISoners makes it im
possil>Je to doubt that the time has ar- ,
. riv^d for encrpetlc actiol*. •
It is fxpeeto.i that the British Govern
ment wi-i utiiiTe the Chinese regiment i
which fcri* b»-on ia training at Wei-Hai- j
Wei. a* it wouid be <Jangerous to remove
the pan'.rcn from Hongkong at the pres
net rrornetu.'
.V fpeciai dispatch from Shanghai dated
June i> Bays: "The Tsung IA Yamen has
protested to the Ministers ' against the
presetted of s=uch a larg<- number of for
< i-r. forces, asserting that it cannot be
<..r:!y for the protection of the legations,
but for the establishment of a garrison
In the car»ital of an independent friendly |
Ft.Te. The answer which the foreign
Ministers returr- '. to this protest Is un
known.
"The America*: nisslon at Pel-Tang-
Cnow nas destroyed yesterday, but the
rr.i?fi'ir..iries fled to a place of safety.
It is reported that the Viceroy of Chi-Li
Las resigned. It is proposed to bring LI
liunp Chang back from the south, but
Prince Kang Yi is determined to give the
port to the Infamous Li Ping Hen, the
former Governor of Shantung. Pao Ting
Fu is burning. The Tientsin railway has
finally ceased to oi>erate. All the English
missionaries are encamped inside the le-
AMERICA IS INCREASING
ITS STRENGTH IN CHINA
While Ample Co-operation With Other
Powers Is Permitted, Entangling
Alliances Are Avoided.
WASHINGTON. June 9. — Admiral
Remey Informs the Navy Department that
the gunboat Nashville, with a force of
Trsarlr.cs aboard, left Cavite yesterday for
Taku. She Is a light-draft gunboat of the
Eame type as the Helena and It is pre
sumed that she is sent In place of the
latter. The Monocary, at Shanghai, has
also been, ordered to join Admiral Kempt!
at Taku. ¦ = -".
At the legation to-day the Chinese dip
lomats were extremely reticent concerning
the situation in their r.a-tlve land. If they
have received any advices they are of a
confidential nature and Minister Wu Is
£Tjcxd!r.£ them carefully. The officials at
the csibasry are themselves apparently
puzzled by statements in the newspapers.
For instance, the report this morning that
there were 4,000.000 of the Boxers created
surprise. Still they were not In a posi
~tion to deny It and one of the secretaries.
In calling attention to It, simply com
irented: "But we do not know; we have
cothir.g."
Th^y eagerly Inquire for all dispatches
to the press, but have nothing to offer in
return.
To wt at naught published statements
to the effect that Germany Is to adopt
mcr* heroic methods than the other pow
ers in the present crisis in China. Baron
von IIo!i»-bcn, the German Embassador,
said to-day that Germany would, as
heretofore, participate in any Joint action
cf the powers to protect the Interests of
foreigners In the Far East, but that she
weald co CO further than the other na
tlors in .iry artlcn taken.
It Is understood ?-t the Navy Depart
ment that the Nashville was dispatched
to TaV'U by Admiral Homey In place of
the Helena, which was originally selected
for that purpose, but was probably un
avaliaWe or absent from Manila. The
NarbviJIc Is in some respects less suitable
than tbi Helena for the service In view.
for Fhe draws nearly two more feet of
ti-ater than the latter. While of the same
E".te anJ with precisely the same battery,
tho lacks the Helena's carrying capac
ity. The Nashville has one advantage,
however, being a knot faster than the
Helena, raxing: at 1C.S0 knots, and -having
palled from Cavite yesterday she should
be at Taku about the latter part of next
•week. Admiral lUmcy's dispatch an
nouncing the Ocparture of the vessel
rrs'<3? as follows:
"CAVITE, June S, 1500.— Secretary Navy,
Washington: The Nashville leaves to-
Cay for Taku: thirty marines, two lleu
¦.Vr.aEts. according to your telegram of
JuriC «. The Newark has twenty-live ma
rines from the Oregon, and is authorized
Imperial Troops Make No
Headway Against the Fa
natical Boxers, and the Cru
sade Against All Foreigners
Grows More Serious — Repre
sentatives of the Powers De
mand the Suppression of the
Rebels.
DESTRUCTION OF A RUSSIAN CHAPEL CAUSES
CZAR TO LAND A BIG FORCE ON CHINESE SOIL
been surrounded by the Boxers, and If
this Is true General Nleh's line of com
munication has been cut.
SHANGHAI, June 9.— The edict recently
Issued had a concealed' meaning which
expert scholars declare was favorable to
the Boxers.
The American 'missionaries at • Tung
chow urgently requested Minister Con
ger to send them a' guard to escort fif
teen women and children to Peking, the
general | In command having informed
them. that his soldiers refused to protect
them.' .••¦ iw-' •-..--
Mlnlater - Conger, feared . to weaken the
force here and was obliged , through the
Tsung LI Tamen to request the Viceroy
of Chi Li Province to send an escort with
them. , ' • ' • ... -
Ma ny converts were murdered at Feng
Tai and eleven at Huangtsun last night.
Missionary work in North China has been
crushed lor years to come. The railroad
stations at Lay Fang and Lo Fa were de-
SALT LAKE, Utah. June 9^— Alexander
Stevenson, a line repairer -of the Uiah
Light" and Powtr Company, was instantly
killed to-night by electricity on Third
South and Main streets. He went up a
pole to do some work and took hold of a
live wire. His body hung suspended in
the pre-ence of hundreds* of people until
taken down.
Lineman Killed.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, June
wreaths from South Carolina, magnolias
from Tennessee, daisies and roses from
Kentucky and flowers from North Caro
lina were- this afternoon strewn en tha
graves of Confederate soldiers who sleep
In the old burying ground at Fort Chase.
Sectionalism was forgotten and floral con
tributions are as numerous from Federals
as from Confederates. Governor Nash.
Mayor- Lc-ash of Louisville. Ky.. and oth
ers representing both the North and the
South delivered addresses. The sons of
the Confederate Veterans' Association of
Louisville rendered vocal selections and
the McCoy Post. G. A. R.. drum corps
sounded taps. A large number of peopla
participated in the exercises.
Appropriate Exercises Hsld in tha
Old Burying Ground at Fort
Chase.
GRAVES OF CONFEDERATE
SOLDIERS- DECORATED
ST. PETERSBURG, June 9.— It Is de
clared here that the Government Is re
solved. If the dangerous situation In China
continues, to ..take Immediate energetic
military action to repress the antl-forelgn
movement. At the same .time the Govern
ment has no intention of disassociating
itself from the Joint action of the powers.
RUSSIA'S MIUTABY ACTION.
wlll be held responsible for the security
of French citizens, but If 'necessary
France will -protect them."
"Once each year, on Decor '-ikn day.
we carry flowers to place on the graves of
our soldier dead. Do these flowers do the
dead any good? No. It Is to honor the
living that this loving custom Is main
tained, that they may express their grati
tude for what the heroic dead have done
for them. It is to our honor that the
Boers have come to us to receive our sym
pathy. It Is hard to understand the feel
ings of the man who has sympathy for
the Boer cause, but who Is concealing It
for political reasons. When a young man
I heard a very able sermon which has al-
OMAHA, Nebr., June 9.— C. W. Wessels,
one of the Boer envoys, was given a pub
lic reception in the City Hall this after
noon. The meeting was presided over by
Mayor Moores, who expressed his sym
pathy with the Boers. A large number of
people shook hands with Mr. Wessels.
Later a largely attended mass meeting
was held In .the theater, at which Gover
nor Poynter presided. The Governor an
nounced that his sympathy was with tho
Boers and every other country struggling
for liberty.
W. J. Bryan made an address in which
he urged that it was the duty of every
man whose sympathy was with the Boers
to express It. and gave it as his opinion
that the pro-Boer sentiment in this coun
try was largely in the ascendant. He
thought if that was backed up by the offi
cial moral support of the Government It
would be sufficient to prevent the extinc
tion of the South African republics. .:/«,;
The audience received Mr. Bryan with
unbounded enthusiasm. -In the course of
his speech he said: ,
"I came as a citizen, an American citi
zen, to be present with other American
citizens to meet the representatives of the
Boer republics, to join with you In pre
senting to them our sympathy for their
cause, and as I earnestly believe the sym
pathy of a great majority of the American
people. I trust that the day will never
come when a natlort fighting for liberty
will look In vain to the American people
for sympathy and aid. These envoys have
honored us by coming to seek our sym
pathy, giving us as Americans the oppor
tunity to assist them to gain that liberty
which Is so dear to us.
BRYAN TALKS FOR
BENEFIT OF THE BOERS
LONDON, June 9.— John Morley. speak
ing at Oxford, said he could form no Idea
what distinguished "Liberal imperialism"
from "Unionist Imperialism." When men
In high positions talk of conscription to
insure not security but predominance of
empire, he. confessed his inability to see
the difference between Liberal imperial
ism' and Liberal militarism.' He rejoiced
In the British triumphs as Indicating the
strength of tho resources of the country
and because he believed that the sooner
the war Is ended the better for every
body. Including the Boers. But in his
opinion, -he said,, not all the . alleged
wrongs of the UJtlanders put together
were worth • the • desolation of a single
stricken British or Boer t home. The sa
cred word "free" had been' blotted out in
the new title of the Orange State and the
British empire has done a great wrong
and he believed that there is scarcely an
Englishman who would not bitterly re
pent for so doing. There must be a very
different spirit, he declared, shown in the
settlement to what has prevailed In South
Africa, the last twelve months.
MORLEY SAYS BRITAIN
HAS DONE GREAT WRONG
LONDON, June 10.— News of the
highest importance came yesterday
from Natal, where, at Laings Nek,
General Buller succeeded in out
flanking the Boers, who sent a flag
of truce, offering to surrender on certain
conditions. Sir Redvers declined to accept
any but unconditional surrender, but at
any moment news may arrive that the
Boers have laid down their arms.
The importance of the move Is that the
Boers have been surrounded before the
commandos which evacuated Pretoria had
time to get down to reinforce them, while
on the other hand a barrier has been In
terposed between the Transvaal comman
dos and those still operating in Orange
River Colony.
Westward a deployment of General Hlld
yard's division should enable General
Kelly-Kenny and Colville to complete the
envelopment of President Steyn's follow
ing at Bethlehem and secure their surren
der, a stroke which would hasten the
complete pacification of the Orange River
Colony.
Two thousand Boers, with six field guns,
have, however, appeared at Roodeval,
north of Kroonstad, and have cut the
telegraph lines, so there Is a likelihood of
more fighting before the country is
cleared. Though there Is still a consid
erable number of burghers under arms
In the acquired British territory, there is
but a desperate remnant probably which
desires fighting.
Lord Roberts is making no sign, but no
doubt before long we shall hear of the
beginning of further important operations.
LOURENZO MARQUE3, June 9.— Plet
Grobler, the Transvaal Under Secretary
of State for Foreign Affairs, arrived her*
to-day.
OTTAWA. June 9.— In the Senate yes
terday the address to the Queen congrat
ulating her Majesty on the early termina
tion of the war In South Africa was
passed without one dissenting voice.
?
GBOBLER LEAVES TRANSVAAL.
ONTARIO'S CONGRATULATIONS.
"Kelly-Kenny, at Bloemfonteln. reports
that the telegraph has been cut at Roode
val. north of Kroonstadt. by a body of
Boers estimated to be 2000 strong, with six
field guns. He is sending strong reinforce
ments to Kroonstad and I am reinforcing
from Cape Colony. I hope the interrup
tion will be only temporary."
General Forestier- Walker cables to tha
War Office from Cape Town under date of,
June S as follows:
LONDON, June 9.— A special dlspatcH
from Durban, Natal, says the Boers at
Laings Nek. after an action fought Thurs
day.- June 7. offered to surrender condi
tionally, but General Buller replied that
their surrender must be unconditional.
BULLER DEMANDED ' T
UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER
Fischer delivered a speech In which ha
reviewed the history of the South African
republics and the causes which, led up to
the present struggle.
* "It the South African republics do not
sustain their Independence now they will
In the future," said he. "The Afrikander
will take his chance again when he gets
it. and then the world will not believe the
lies which bave been told about us, and w»
will not be under the necessity of correct
ing them at long range."
Before the meeting closed resolutions
were adopted denouncing the programme
of extermination and annihilation of the
hitherto Independent Boer republics by
Great Britain and extending sympathy to
the Boer emissaries.
MILWAUKEE. June 9.— An audience ot
fully 4000 greeted Abraham D. Fischer. ttie
South African peace envoy, at tho Exposi
tion building to-night. The meeting was
under the auspices of seventy German, so
cieties of Milwaukee and the Wisconsin
Transvaal Red Cross Association. Mayor
David S. Rose, on behalf of the city, wel
comed the envoy to Milwaukee. During
his remarks Mayor Hose took occasion to>
say that nations of the earth should Inter
fere and see that right prevails.
SYMPATHY FOR THE -
STRUGGLING REPUBLICS
This conclusion of Mr. Bryan's speech
was. the signal for a cheer and a grand
rush for the stage to shake his band aa
well as that cf Mr. Wessels. .^
"We must keep inspired with that love
and reverence for the blessed came of lib
erty till every American citizen goes down
on his knees and asks the god of battla
to bring victory to the Boers."
"There are men amors us who say that
because England sympatnlzed with 113
during the Spanish-American war wo
ought to say nothing against such a
friendly nation. I deny that such sym
pathy binds us to act for England. We
did not need the sympathy of England,
during the Spanish-American war. Wo
need the sympathy of no nation on earth.
We have received nothing that obliges U3
to remain passive and helpless while lib
erty is being crushed. We should not be
unmindful of our duties to the people of
this world struggling for their liberty —
we tho greatest cation on earth founded
on liberty. ' , • - '
"It is said that the blood of the martyr
is the seed of the church. If it Is found
that these people shall be overcome they
will not have fought In vain. Sometimes
the men who die do more for liberty than,
they who live, and ere the struggle is over
I believe that the Boers v*il\ arise from a
hundred fields and liberty will be victori
ous.
"We know by history that as monarchy
Increases, so government by tho consent
of the people decreases, and that as gov
ernment by the consent of the people in
creases, so monarchy decreases. We
know that if a monarchy overcomes these
two republics government by the consent
of the people ceases.
"There comes a time when the millions
of American people have that privilege of
rising and casting their ballots against
that administration of government which)
falls to carry out their wishes, and when,
those ballots are next counted I bellevo
that they will be an expression of tho
American people for these people fighting
for their independence.
ways clung to me on the text: 'As Ha
Thtnketh. So He Is?" Why should any
American citizen who feels for the Boers
fall to express himself? I do not see how
one can do other than choose the cause of
the two republics in prcferencq to that of
a monarchy; an American citizen who has
lived under and has learned to love and
venerate our form of Government.
INGOGO, June 9.— Tbe Boers bave replied in
rather curt terras to Gegeral Buller's proposal
that if tbey wisb to surrender' it n)ust be urjcon
ditionally, ar)d ar) artillery duel isnow proceeding.
Republican Forces Reply irr
: Curt Terms to the Demand
for Unconditional Surrender,
and an Artillery Duel Now
--: Proceeding.
BULLER OUTFLANKS
BOERS AT LAINGS NEK
PARIS.' June 1 9..— An .official note just
issued' says: . "Admiral Courrejoulles. at
Taku, has sent a fresh detachment of fifty
men to Tientsin. The cable dispatch, from
Yunnansen, dated Thursday evening, says
the ; agitation ¦ against foreigners is such
that the Viceroy has announced he is pow
erless j to protect them. The French Con
sul at Lalngchow, M. Francois, has been
warned of the. situation at Peking and
has" gone to';Tonqu!n with*all ; the agents
and missionaries. The French Consul at
Mongtse has done the^same. .The Chinese
Government, has been- informed, that it
FRANCE'S FIRM STAND.
( , A home guard has been formed to bring
in the 5 women and children in case of an
attack. .-;¦.._ . , . , : .
The Boxers are working toward Tien
tsin. The"' Viceroy. Yu Lu, granted the
British officials a special train to proceed
over the Peking line as far as possible.
The train left with Lieutenant Wright,
C. W. Campbell of the consular service,
four British engineers and 111 French
troops, with- a. machine: gun. It arrived
here Friday; night. -•,*¦•¦.. .
. TIENTSIN, June 9. — Chinamen who
walked from Machoapu bring reports that
.the railway track from Huangtsun to
Lofa. a distance of thirty-five miles, has
been destroyed. Ever^. bridge and all the
stations have been burned. '„¦ ':¦/»:
BUBNED BY THE BOXEHS.
. Pao Ting Fu — W. B. L>owrle, Mrs. Low
rie. New York City; Rev. G. A. Miller,
Mrs. Miller, Evanston. 111.; Rev. F. E.
Slmecox, Mrs. Simecox, Venango County,
Pa.; Dr. C. Y. Taylor. Mrs. Taylor. Bur
lington, N. J.: Dr. C. Van Hodge. Mrs.
Hodge. Philadelphia; Mrs. ' Dr. Maud
Mackey, Los Angeles. ,
NEW YORK. June 9.— The Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions to-day issued
this list of missionaries in the danger belt
In China, with their home addresses:
Peking— Rev. I>r. 'Wherry, Shippensbcrg,
Pa.; Rev. J. L. Whiting, Mrs. Whiting,
New York City; Rev. C. H. Fenn, Mrs.
Fenn, Clyde, N. Y.; Rev. C. A. Killean,
Mrs. Klllean, Marshall. 111.; Rev. John
M.. Englis - and- daughter. Chicago; Miss
E. M. Lorard, M. D., Kossuth, Iowa; Miss
Grace Newton,. South Orange. N. J.; Miss
Bessie Mclny, who was born and resides
In China. . " \
IN THE DANGER-BELT.
stroyed to-day. The Viceroy of Chi LJ
has refused \ permission -7 to further in
crease the guard here.
Pages 13 to 22
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900— THIBTY.-TW;O, PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 13 to 22SUMMARY PUNISHMENT
METED OUT TO NEGRO
Taken by a Mob, Hanged by a Chain
and the Body Thrown' in
the River.
COLUMBUS, Ga.. June 9.— Simon
Adams, a negro about twenty, years old.
was lynched Just outside the city limit.--,
at 9 o'clock this morning. He. entered the
room of the two daughters of E. H. Al
mond, who lives ten" miles above the city.
The screams of the affrighted girls
aroused their father, who was sleeping
down stairs, and after a search Adams
was found in a closet in the girls' room.
He was taken in charge and started off
to Columbus to be turned over to the
authorities. A- mob secured the negro,
took him into the woods and hanged him
to a tree by a chain. His body -was
riddled with bullets. It has not yet been
found and is supposed to have been
thrown into the river:
.... ... — »
TWO KILLED IN A WRECK
Engine on Mexican Central Collides
With Cow and Turns Over.
EL PASO, -Tex... June 9.— On the Mexi
can", Central near Jimlne'z the southbound
passenger train which left here Thursday
at noon collided with a cow. The engine
was overturned and • two cars left the
Death of Judge Parker.
SAN DIEGO. June 9.— Judge Edwin Par
ker, for a long time prominent In legal
circles of this city and at one time Su
perior Court Judgo of this county, died at
San Bernardino to-day. 68 years of age.
His funeral will take place in this city on
Monday morning at 10 o'clock. He was
a man of unimpeachable Integrity and
had the highest respect of the entire
community. '
Will Relieve Coghlan.
SEATTLE, June 9.— Captain P. H. Coo
per, U. S. N., arrived in Seattle this morn
ing and left Immediately for Port Or
chard, where he goes to take command of
the Puget Sound naval station. Captain
Cooper goes to relieve Captain J. B. Cogh
lan. who is absent from the station oh
sick leave. - _ ' . 4
Organizing Hop-Growers.
SACRAMENTO. June 9.— The directors
of the Sacramento Valley Hop Growers*
Association to-day decided to try to in
fluence other hop centers of the State to
join in the movement and work to for
ward the Brewer plan for limiting the
output and also to secure the calling of
a State convention to effect co-operation
of Interests at Santa Rosa about June 23.
To Relieve Hobson.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— Naval Can-
Btructor T. F. Ruhm has been detached
from i the Crescent shipyards, Elizabeth
port, N. J.. and ordered to the naval sta
tion at Cavite. P. I., to relieve Naval Con
structor 1 Hobson, who has been ordered
to . the .naval hospital at Tokahama tor
treatment.
TOMALES. June 9.— James Lindsay, a
conductor, was killed here to-day by fall
ing from a train, three cars of
piwaen over his body. L , lnd 5*J J?™
charge of the 4 o'clock train for Dun
cans Mills, which passes through To
males at 12:30. when the fatality oc
curred. In some way he lost his balarre
•whUc leaping from the car platform.
The accident was witnessed onl> by O.
Hollister. the railroad agent at Tomato*.
Lindsay leaves a wife and two chll-w
drcn rVldlng at Forest. He had berj
live years in the company s serjlce and^
was highly esteemed as a faithful, con
scientious employe.
Conductor James Lindsay JCeets
Death at Toraales.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KIIXED BY A TBAI1I.
ling. Hettle Greenhalgh, Flora Dunning,
Rose Uenard.
Before the adjournment of this initial
meeting the date of the second one was
SVV: 1 !? Ratecl as "Saturday. September 25,
In the meantime came many offers of
assistance In such work as would neces
tarlly be entailed in writing* the consti
tution, by-laws and ritual. Among those
to proffer acceptable aid was Curtis H.
Ldndley. a member of the Native Sons.
At the second meeting Mr. Lindley by re
quest acted as chairman. The list of
members had increased to seventeen with
these additional names: Ella Caminettl.
Tina Kane, Olga Reichling. Mollie Folger
Matt e L Freeman. Lizzie M. Lindley.
w ™wM rray *v ai ! d liettle Greenhalgh
had w thdrawn their names only to sign
again before the third meeting
22£? n? U °, Wln £ ? h , a . rter omcer s were elect
ed: Lilly O. Reich ing. P. P • Mrs Tina
Kane P : .Mrs. Mattie Freeman. T \ V 7™
Mrs. Mollle Folger, S. V. P.- M rs l ,zfl
Lindley. T.^V P.; Maggie StasaT R S*
B^ dere - F-S-; Flora Dunning
M.; Kittle Murray, T.; Agnes Leonard
1. S.: Rcse Stasal, O. S. The trust«>£.'
were not elected until the next meetfnl
SStle^r^nUh" 111 '
no T^;i!Ta^? m n n d lt grad^ d re b 8 1| I ne a dT n rd fa d
vor of Curtis H. Lindley. who perfected
a work charming in, direction, sublime in
thought and teachings and full of the
K^nd^ 11180 UP ° n Which the oraer
f ,™ e nT l\ emblem chosen was the spotted
fawn, which, however, was'discarded for
the more Impressive emblems. Minerva
S.S?&V. h S! v £ A f wh * at and th *
At the conclusion of t'hfrtv davs the
time appointed lor the charter to remain
open, the following names completed the
y, st of tJ thirty-three charter members:
Mrs. Helena McGee, Alma Olmstead
fi^Lt K A?. t ' chrIs tlne Bickert. Mrs. Marv
Webb.- Alice Peek. Mellie Peek. Mrs.
Flora Seymour. Mrs. Nellie Sanborn. Mrs
Kate Delahide, Rose Kelley. Mrs. Maccie
McDonald. Amy Kent, Cel'ia Murray and
Annie Fuller. . , ¦*•"»*
,r From T? ept , em £ <>r , untn the following
March Ursula Parlor centered all Its ef
forts In the arrangements of the workings
necessary to a secret society, and it was
not until March -7. 1887, that the charter
officers were installed.
This ceremony took place in I. O. O F
Hall and was conducied by Mis* Lilly
O. Reichling. who was elected grand in
stalling officer, assisted by Miss IWtie
Greenhalgh. acting as grand past presi
dent, and Mrs. Nellie Fontenrose as grand
marshal.
Previous to, the -Installation of officers
President Harvey A: Clark on behalf of
Excelsior Parlor No. 31, Native Sons of
the Golden West, presented to Ursula
Parlor a complete set of regalia: Fol
lowing the installation came a varied pro
gramme, speeches and refreshments.
Thus did Ursula Parlor, , the mother of
the order, make her first appearance in
public. ¦ i -
while Ursula under the guidance of her
president, Mrs. Kane, was endeavoring
to. gain a greater completion of its eso
teric workings, there came from San
Francisco a call for sisterhood. Minerva
Parlor No. 2. of the- Mission was next
to Join with thirty-four names, and was
instituted March, 10. 1887. by Lilly O.
Reichling. assisted by Amy Badere and
Olga Reichling.
Then with much success Alta Parlor
No. 3 of San Francisco was organized
with 240 members, its .officers being in
stalled March 12 by the trio from Jack
son.
Santa Rosa was next to join. the ranks
with forty members. Then followed
Stockton. Nevada City, Canrptonville, An
tioch and Oro Fino of San Francisco. At
this time the. growth of the order de
manded the apportionment of the State
to four district deputies, and ¦ the past
presidents of the first four parlors were
selected to fill the offices. 1 Some idea of
the rapidity with which the parlors
formed can be gained when it is*§tated
that within four months after the organ
ization of the second »nd .third ; parlors
there were seventeen' p\rlors represented
at' the Grand Parlor that convened- July
After" the Institution of the first nine
parlors it became apparent, that a grand
governing powerVmust be organized. In
accordance with this idea,, Ursula-Par
lor-issued- "a plan for the formation of
a grand parlor.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Harry Dekker, a
well known promoter of Western railroad
properties, shot and killed . himself to
night in his apartments in this city. Mys
tery surrounds the tragedy for the reason
that while the nature of the wound In
flicted by the bullet Indicates suicide otner
'circumstances point to an accident.
Mr. Dekker, who was about 38 yoars of
age. was in business with his brother-in
law, Troop Mason, in this city. He came
here several years ago from St. Louis,
where his family is said to be prominent
in social and business circles.
With his wife Mr. Dekker lived in a
fashionable boarding house on Seventh
avenue In Harlem. He and his wife were
going out to dinner to-night and were pre
paring for the occasion when the tragedy
occurred. -<-v.->V.. ¦-.%;':
Mr. Dekker was In the room adjoining
where his wife was and was carrying on
a conversation with her at the time. Mrs
Dekker heard her husband open one ¦ of
the drawers of his chiffonier and almost
instantly after the report of a revolver
She turned round in time to see her hus
band sink to the floor with the revolver in
his*Kand. She rushed to his side and saw
the blood pouring from a wound In his
right temple. Mr. Dekker died almost in
stantly. ¦ •
A police surgeon was summoned, who
said the shot must have been instantly
fatal. He turned his attention to the wife
whom he found in a serious condition.
Late to-night the surgeon expressed a
fear that Mrs. Dekker might lose her
reason even should she recover.
His Widow Is in a Serious Condition
and It Is Feared She. •
• Hay Lose Her
Harry. Dekker, a Promoter
of Railroad Properties,
Kills Himself.
MYSTERIOUS
SUICIDE OF A
WEALTHY MAN
MANILA, June 9.— A detachment of tha
Forty-fifth Infantry scouting near Daet,
province of Camarinas del Norte, was am
bushed May 29 and Captain Albert Stein
hauser was wounded three times, two pri
vates were killed, eight wounded and one
private Is missing. The Insurgent loss 13
reported to be heavy.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the War Department
regarding the capture of General Plo del
Pilar as follows: . | r
MANILA. June 9.— Xative police captured
Insurgent General Plo del Pllar this morniny.
He was found lurking la the neighborhood of
San Pedro Macatl. MACARTHUR. ¦.
General Schwan's estimate of the Im
portance of this news is contained In this
statement:
•The capture of General Pio del Pllar
cabled by General MacArthur this morn-
Ing is a most important one. Pllar was
regarded at one of the most active and
uncompromising of the rebel chieftains.
After the disruption of the insurgent gov
ernment and the dissipation of nearly all
the Insurgent organizations north of Ma
nila Pilar managed to concentrate a con
siderable force at San Miguel de Mayuma.
in the province of Bulacan, and although
he was unable to hold the place for any
great length of time, he succeeded In
withdrawing his troops to the mountains
and in eluding the several columns sent
out to destroy him. ,_-,,_•
"It was difficult to keep track of.hia
movements and he frequently was re
ported as being at a number of places at*
the same time. That his capture has been*
effected by the native police at Manila, a
body numbering some 400, evidences
afresh the loyalty of these men to the
American cause, so often Impugned by
both Americans and Filipinos "
Orders were Issued at the War Depart
ment to-day for the First Squadron of the
Sixth Cavalry, consisting of headquarters
and companies A. B. C and D, and the
Third Squadron of the same regimpnt.
consisting of companies T. K. L. and M. to
proceed without delay to San Francisco
For transportation to the Philippines on
the first available transports.
So far these are the only troops se
lected for seivice in the Philippines un
der the plan of bringing home the entire
31,000 volunteers and of maintaining the
regular army in the Philippines at a
strength of 40.000 men.
MacArthur Cables Confirmation of
the Capture of Del Filar, a
Dangerous Rebel , ' g*
Chieftain. ,, « {;¦ «»
Captain Steinhauser Com
manding the Detachment
Wounded.
TWO SOLDIERS
KILLED IN AN
AMBUSCADE
PROMINENT NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF JACKSON" WHO ARE AR- *
RANGING FOR THE COMING GRAND PARLOR.
The members of Excelsior Parlor, X. S.
G. W., have erected a plattorm l«X) feet
square on the hill near the Courthouse
on which a ball will be given the last
night at the session, the grand march to
l>e led by the newly elected grand presi
dent and fc-uperior Judge it. C Rust,
grand president of the Native Sons of the
uolden West.
In all the work of the executive com
mittee Mi.-s Daisy V. Llttleneld, at pres
ent presiding ofilcer OC the "mother par
lor," has been an intelligent and never
tiring helper. The little hall in the base
ment of the Ked Front store, where the
order of Native Daughters was organ
ized in ]t£C, is being decorated tastily and
will be shown with much pride to the vis
itors.
The programme arranged is as follows:
A bana concert on Monday evening, when
it is expected all delegates will have arr
rived, owing to the running time of trains
making it necessary to come Monday or
miss .the first day's session. Tuesday
evening there will be a reception at Webb
Hall, ror which an entertaining pro
gramme has b*-en prepared, including ad-
QTfs=p . of welcome by Hon. R. C. Rust,
grand president of the Native Sons of the
Goiden West, and response by Mrs. Cora
B. Sifford, grand president of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West. The re
ception will be followed by a banquet at
Love's Opera-house. Wednesday after
noon the Grand Parlor will adjourn at 3
o'clock and the members will In a body
visit the Zella mine, just "south of town,
where thpy will be privileged to witness
the process of deep mining and see a
stamp mill at work. Some may be allowed
to go down as far as the 1200 level, but
this will necessitate a change of clothing
and more nerve than ordinary mortals are
possessed of. Wednesday evening will be.
given un to *a hand concert and poppy
drill. Thursday evening the ritualistic
work will be exemplified. Miss Daisy V.
LJttleftald, president of Ursula Parlor No.
1. presiding. Friday evening the visitors
will be entertained at a ball .by the mem
bers of Excelsior Parlor No. 31", N. S.
G. V.\
Mi«s Lillie O. Roichling, the founder of
the order, has been graciously honored by
Ursula Parlor No. 1. The well deserved
compliment was put In enduring form — a
beautiful banner, unique in design. It was
presented on Saturday evening. September
0. 1S96. with Miss Reichllng as the guest of
honor. The banner is wrought. In yellow
and white si!k and bullion embroidery. On
the white ' silk has been painted in oils
Miss Relchling's portrait by Artist Dahl
pren. Around this in bullion Is a wreath
of sprays of oak and laurel, tied with a
love knot. . The lettering is in heaviest
gold bullion fringe, and jeweled tassels
finish the edge. On the reverse side.
which is of yellow silk, is the Inscription
in silver, outlined in blue. "Founded by
Lily O. Reichling September 3>, 1SS^." Be
low this is the monogram of the order. It
is much regretted that the young lady
cannot be present at this spssion of the
Grand Parlor at h n r old home and birth
place, but she is absent .Jn Germany, en
route to China, where she expects to re
main for two or three years. »
It was In the little "Red Front" base
ment on Main street that about twenty
young lady residents of Jackson met in
response to an Invitation issued, by Miss
Reichling on September 11. 13.36. Many
were the conjectures as to why they were
there. After unfoMing the object of the
meeting <the formation of a parlor of Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West) vari
ous and many were . the views expressed
respecting the project. In rather an in
definite way the aims of such a society
were understood.
The several consecutive rebuffs experi
enced at the hands of the Native Sons
when questioned regarding the feasibility
of allowing tha Native Daughters a side
degree in their order was possibly the
final assistant In the conclusion that 'the
young ladles born in California could
themselves organize a separate fraternity,
progress and be recognized as an inde
pendent order. However, to the very suc
cessful institution of the Native Sons and
to the popularity of that organization Is
due a great deal of the rapid growth of
the order of Native Daughters. The
name, object and membership of the new
order were thus set forth In Ursula Par
lor's first constitution: "This organiza
tion shall be known as Ursula Parlor "Xo.
1, N..D. G. W. Its objects are social in
tercourse, mental Improvement and the
general promotion of the interests of Its
members. '
"Membership In this organization shall
be limited to wfiite females who were bora
JACKSON. June 9.— The committee ap
pointed prime months ago by Ursula
Parlor No. 1. Native Daughters of
the Golden West; to arrange for rn
tcrtalning the 1900 Grand Parlor,
which will meet here on Tuesday next.
ha.= practically concluded Its labors, and
the fourteenth annual session promises to
rank with tbe most enjoyable yet held. It
has bter tlie experience of interior parlors
that there annuai sesfions have been a
severe drain upon the treasury of the
Jocal ;jar!ors. in some cases requiring
years to recover.
When the comnitree was appointed to
arrang-e for the approaching ffis'.on,
v.-fcich committee consists cf M!fs Emma
F. Boarman (chairman). Miss Margaret
"Wichard i secretary*, Miss Lottie BreeEe
(treasure*-). Mrs. Nellie Glnocchlo. Mrs.
H^tiie O'NV.I, Mrs. Fannie Norman and
Miss Arr.elia Oadamartori, It was resolved
that an exception should be made to the
rule and the m-ro-sary funds raised as far
In advance as possible. With this in view
the business m*r. of the town w^re waited
on for contributions to the Grand Parlor
fund, and n*?pond<=d liberally and cheer
fully. Then a dramatic club was organ
ized, which gave a number of highly suc
cessful entertainments, netting handsome
sum?. Oor.rad Parlor of Volcano and
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek also as
sisted by dramatic and min? trel entertain-
Tnentu, with results so satisfactory that
more than a month ago the committee had
on hand sufficient money to meet all de
mands, notwithstanding the 12) delegates
and such fripnas a* may accompany them
•will be most lavishly entertained.
Both of the lame halls in the town
have been secured for the weok and are
being hanrisnrrjf-ly decorated. One will be
used for tho sp?«ions of The Grand Par
lor, while the other will be reserved for
evening entPrtainrRfnt<». a splendid pro
gramme In this line having been arranged.
tracjt and were demolished. Engineer D.
Howell and his fireman ¦were caught be
neath the wreckage and both lost their
lives. A number of passengers were
slightly Injured.
BROKER'S CLERK
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
Arrest of an Employe of Adolph
A. Kuhn, Who Is
Missing.
CHICAGO. June 9.— Investigations of the
affairs of Adolph A. Kuhn, junior member
of the mortgage brokerage firm of Kuhn
Brothers, who disappeared about two
months ago, leaving, it Is alleged, a short
age of between $700,000 and Jl.000.000. re
sulted In the arrest to-day on charges of
conspiracy and forgery of John Anderson,
formerly in Kuhn's employ. Anderson ad
mitted his guilt. So far as known no
trace has been found of Kuhn.
KIIXED IN AN" ELEVATOR.
One Man Meets His Death and Pour
Are Injured.
KANSAS CITY, June 9. — One man was
killed and four were hurt to-day by the
falling of a freight elevator In the Nich
ols & Shepherd Implement building. In
the West Bottoms. John Stambaugh.
aged 41 years, died a few hour* after the
accident occurred. Charles King and E.
C. Bailey were hurt Internally, but will
probably recover. Sam Morrissey and
Frank HIckman received slight bruises
and sprains. •,-.y ..
Wood Back in Havana.
HAVANA, June 9.— Governor General
Wood has returned from his trip to Cal
baren and Sagua. He reports that every
thing is quiet and that no political oppo
sition has be»n developed in tho election
arrangements at either place, one being
Nationalist and the other supporting the
views of the Union Democratic party. He
was gratified at the many signs of
progress and the excellent crop prospects.
Shoots His Son-in-Law.
KANSAS CITY. June 9.— J. W. Barker
shot his son-in-law, Edward Carroll, In
the abdomen to-day, causing a wound that
may prove fatal. Carroll lived at Bar
ker's house and had been out of work.
When arrested Barker gave as his only
excuse for the shooting that "he was
tired of having Carroli around." Barker
was formerly a bartender at Ash Forks,
Ariz.
£l*cia! Dis-iatch to The Call.
NEGRO HOLDS POSSE
OF CITIZENS AT BAY
"Wanted for Murder, He Fights Des
perately, and a Deputy Sheriff
Is Killed.
NEW ORLEANS, June 9. -The negro.
Noah Prltcfeard. who on Friday morning
shot and killed Ralph Marler, a clerk at
the Scidenbaugh store at Devalle, West
Baton Rouge Parish, and who last night
returned to the Marler residence and tillel
tho house full of bullets while all the men
of the town wer«,out trying to locate htm
at a place where they helieved him to be
in the woodn, was to-day surrounded In
the timber near Zachary, in East Baton
Rougo Parish, by a large posse of armed
men. Guards are stationed at every
i-oliit of possible escape. This morning a
>eputy Sheriff in the po^se, whose name
is i»ot yet known, was shot and perhaps
killed. It Is expected that before morning
I'rilchard will be captured or killed.
Yesterday forenoon .a negro was killed
as tho- result of the race prejudice exist
ing fit R6sa plantation, near Port Allen,
by the overseer of the plantation, E. D.
Fenn.
An Immense meeting of citizens from
several parishes was held at Devalls
I^andins to-night. Before the close of tho
meotinj: several notorious negroes werp
publicly whipped and one negro was
killed.
KEARNEY RETIRED
BY RAISIN-GROWERS
Directors of the Association Dsclare
He No Longer. Holds
Office.
.FRESNO, June 9.— After a most sensa
tional wind-up to three weeks of
wrangling, it was practically • settled to
day that M. Theo. Kearney will cease to
act as an officer of the California Raisin
Growers' Association. Seeing that Mr.
Kearney was disposed to cling to the pres
idency of the association, though he had
tendered j his resignation, ¦ the remaining
directors held a meeting late last night
and declared Mr. Kearney no longer u
member of the directorate.
In an -interview to-day Kearney accepts
this position, but claims that It is out of
the power of the directors .to retire him
from the presidency. The vacancy will
not be filled at present. As a result of the
withdrawal of Kearney several prominent
growers came forward and signed the
three years' contract this morning. Kear
ney left for Europe to-night.
SEVEN INJURED IN
PASSENGER TRAIN WRECK
Collision Is Said to Have Been the
Result of Conflicting
O'rders.
MARQUETTE, Mich.. June 9.-A colli
sion occurred to-day- a few miles below
Republic, between a St. Paul passenger
train and an ore train. The more se
riously injured were:
Passenger Engineer O'Connor. Conduc
tor Thomas Cleary. George Rttsch, news
boy; Freight Fireman William Ellis, Ed
ward R. Nelson of Ishpeming and two un
known lady passengers.
A number of others received minor in
juries. The wreck is said to have resulted
from conflicting orders.
BARHAM AT SANTA HOSA.
Speaks Freely on the " Issues of the
Coming Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, June 9.— Congressman
John A. Barham, accompanied by his
family, arrived home from Washington
to-night. Mr. Barham left the capital
about two weeks ago and came home by
way of the Northern Pacific. When seen
at his residence here to-night Mr. Bar
ham talked at length regarding matters
of public import. In his opinion "imperial
ism" will be the . principal issue of the
approaching campaign. He believes the
Nicaragua canal bill will pass the Senate
at the next session of Congress without
opposition. ... - ,
Speaking of trusts, he expressed him
self as being unable to understand how
the Democrats would be able to make
their existence an issue in the approach
ing campaign, for the reason that during
the four years that party was in control
of affairs a number of bills were intro
duced bearing upon the subject, but none
ever paused the committee room. He had
no opinion to express regarding the pres
ent complications in China. In conclu
sion, he reiterated the statement made
by him last winter to the effect that he
was not a" candidate for re-election. "'
->
Bates Goes East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, June 9.— T.\ W. Bates,
president of the Midland Railroad, left
to-day for New York. All negotiations be
tween Boise and the road have been
broken off. President Bates says, how
ever, he will consider any new - proposi
tion, although there is little likelihood of
its being accepted. : About five miles of
grade has been completed above the city.
Salmon in Monterey Bay.
MONTEREY. June 9.— One of the heav
iest runs of salmon ever known in Mon
terey Bay is now on '.and the local fisher
men are catching large numbers of them.
The week's '-shipment ' amounts to over
four tons. ,
In the State: of California since July 7,
1S4S." *
In the present grand constitution the ob
jects are defined as follows:
"Its objects are social intercourse, men
tal improvement and mutual benefit; the
uniform administration of the rights,
privileges and benefits of the order of
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
and to perpetuate the memory of the
founders of the State of California; to
increase and diffuse knowledge among its
members: to improve the condition of its
membership socially and materially by
encouragement when In .need and to pro
vide for and comfort the sick and dis
tressed members of the order."
From the original sheet bearing the sig
natures of those enlisted at the first meet
ing are copied the following names in the
order in which they were signed: Ella
Boarman. Maggie Stasal, Rosa Stasal,
Nellie Fontenrose. Emma Boarman, Amy
liadere. Kittle Murray, Lilly . O. Relch-
Elaborate Preparations Being Made in the Little
Mountain Town by the Mother Parlor §|
of the Order.
ST. LOUIS, June 9.— Any hopes the gen
eral public may have indulged that Gov
ernor Stephens would call out the Stat-3
militia to maintain law and order In St.
Louis during the prevalence of the great
street railway strike were dissipated to
night, when that worthy gentleman de
parted for Jefferson City without having
taken any decisive step In the matter or
giving any Intimation as to what course
he intended to p'ursue in the future. '.Tho
subject of calling out the State troops was
discussed at grtat length to-day by Gov
ernor Siepnens, the Police Commissioners.
Sheriff and commanding orncers ut the
militia, but no decision on the direct Issue
was reached. \ It was learned in certain
authoritative , quarters, however, that
while the Governor could not be brougnt
over, to the way of reasoning of some of
the qity^ptttcials, he did unbend to the ex
tent of offering some suggestions which,
in his opinion, might have a salutary
effect upon the more rabid element of the
general public. If not. then he would act
as in his judgment seemed. proper for the
preservation of the law. Jie advised,
among other things, that the Transit Com
pany augment the running: of its cars at
night and If this experiment resulted in
disorder and its attendent results, he
would unhesitatingly call out," the State
militia for Its suppression..
Acting, apparently, upon this advice, the
Transit Company to-night further In
creased its transportation facilities by
running, cars on three more of its divisions
— the Laclede avenue. Market street and
Olive street. The Llndell division, which
resumed its. night service two days ago,
was also in operation to-night. The po
lice officers were, for the most part, with
drawn frofn guard duty during the day
to-day to properly prepare them for tiie
duties during the night in protecting the
cars. Two regiments of the posse comi
tatus were, also assigned to patrol duty
along the same thoroughfares. Up to 10
o'clock the cars were running on regular
schedule and no outbreaks had been re
ported. '.-:.'?'
Executive Urges an Increased Service
of Cars at Night, and Promises
Troops When Peace Officers
Cannot Protect Property.
Governor Stephens of Mis
souri Discusses Strike
With Officials.
NOT YET READY
TO ORDER OUT
STATE MILITIA
NATIVE DAUGHTERS AT JACKSON
PREPARE FOR THE CONVENTION
THE SAM FRANCISCO" OAJjL, SUJSDAV, JUNE 10, 1900.
14
Bad Blood is a
Bad Thing
It is responsible for most of the diseases
from which humanity suffers. It causes
scrofula, salt rheum, humors and many
ether troubles, including rheumatism and
that tired feeling. But bad blood is made
good blood and all these troubles are cured
by Hood's Sarsaparllla. Do not allow your
blood to remain impure. The wise course
Is to take Hood's Sarsaparilia at the first
indication of impurities.
Wood's Sarsaparilia
Is Amorira's Greatest M<?dic!ne.
We are Anxious
That Vou See
How Many
Beautiful Premiums
We Give
Wit b Teas.
With Coffee*.
With Spleen.
TVltta ExtraclD,
Vritti Soda.
XV! tli Baking Ponder.
Come Just to Look.
Srea Aumaa tanua Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
f]O-SlZ Urut Ar». < Bee Sutter and PDat>.
Kl Market St. «Opp. Powell/.
340 bUth St.
£U Hares St. HS TfcinJ EL
Kit Polk £L CM Montromerr At*.
MIC Mlrrlon ft- 706 Larkla Si.
loot Sixteenth SC If 19 DevUadero St.
J«( Ninih St. «TD Baicht BU
1-00S rillmor* St. rSS Mission BU
U Market St. ZTU 24th Bl •
OAKLAND STORES.
JOSS TVuhlnrloa &L CM K. 12th St.
02Z7 nrca£w«y. 11 W ZXd Av*.
ADVSHTISEMENTS.
In view of the great multitude of wo-
men suffering from some form of female
disease, and yet unable to find any cure.
Dr. Hartman, the renowned gynaecolo-
gist, has announced his willingness to
direct the treatment of as many cases as
make application to him during the sum-
mer months, without charge.
The treatment will be conducted by cor-
respondence. The doctor will prescribe
all medicines, applications, hygienic and
dietary regulations necessary to copiplete
a cure. The medicines prescribed can be
obtained at all. drug stores. This offer
will hold good only during the summer
months. Any woman can become a reg-
ular patient by sending a written state-
ment of her age, condition of life, history
and symptoms of her derangements.
All cases of female diseases, including
menstrua* irregularities, displacements,
ulceratious, inflammations, discharges. Ir-
ritation of the ovaries, tumors and dropsy
of the abdomen, should apply at once and
become registered a3 regular patients. All
correspondence will be held strictly confi-
dential. Xo testimonials of cures will bo
given to the public except by the express
wish of the patient.
As is well known. Dr. Hartman 13 the
President of the Hartman Sanitarian, an
institution which has a department de-
voted excjuslvely to the treatment of fe-
male diseases, lie is thus brought to see
thousands of such cases every year, the
most of whom return to their homes to be
treated by correspondence. The principal
remedy he relies upon in such cases is
Peruna. which every woman should have
who has any affection of this kind. Those
wishing to become patients should ad-
dress DR. S. B. HARTMAN", COLUMBUS.
OHIO.
No one knows better than Dr. Hartman
how much the women suffer with diseases
peculiar to their sex. Xo one knows bet-
ter than he does how many, of them suffer
with such diseases. Patiently, hopefully.
DR. S. B. HARTMAN.
Another woman who uaed Penina with-
out becomlns one of Dr. Hartman'a regu-
lar patients had the following experience.
Miss Ida Green writes from Baldwlnvllle^
Ga. : "Peruna is wonderful and good. and.
a certain cure for female weakness. I
have been ill and have been taking doc-
tor's medicine for several years, and
found that none did me ajiy good.
"Every day it was a worry. I was
always sick. I had come io iho
conclusion to give up and not use
any more medicine. I was sick
indeed for the past two years. Just
bsfora I began to take Peruna I was
very weak, besides I was bilious and
constipated.
"I had sains In my back and side and
falling of the womb, with bearing down
pains.
Send for free book entitled "Health and
Beauty." Address Dr. Hartman, Colum-
bus, Ohio. ... . . '. . . „ " ;l>-
"One day while reading my newspaper,
I came across an ad., read of the book for
women entitled 'Health and Beauty* and.
sent for It. Then I began to use the medi-
cine. After- using several bottles I am
now thoroughly cured."
wearily, and often silently, they eke on?
a miserable existence year after year. x 0
Martyr in poetry or heroine in romance
makes a more touching appeal tn human
sympathy than the woman burdonefl with
the cares of a family, trying to carry the
extra load of some tormenting aid ever-
present female disease. Dr. ITartrain's
sympathy for such la unbouTviM. <rr i his
willingness to help them llmitc.l only to
his cower.
A woman confined to the boose .«ev<»ral
years with a chronic female dcran«reTT;»nt
had finally given up all hope of h«ins;
cured. She had tried physician after phy-
sician, and remedy after remedy, without
any permanent Improvement. Her treat-
ment had cost her husband. whr» was a
poor man. hundreds of dollars. They ha<i
been obliged to deny themselves many
comforts of life in order to get mor.ey
enough to pay the physicians.
Yet. in ?pite of all economy, there wn«t
a small mortgage upon their property b»>-
cause of the expense her Illness had
brought upon them. The woman had be-
come weak, nervous and wretched, scarce-
ly able to keep out of her bed. Her chil-
dren were growing up neglected and
ragged, because of the want of a mother'*
care. Her husband was becoming discour-
aged and broken down with overwork.
The Home of Peruna.
Picking up the paper one day the hap-
pened to read an item which contained
the news that Dr. Hartman would treat
such cases free of charge by letter. She
Immediately wrote the doctor, describing
her case, and glvtns him all her symp-
toms. She soon received a letter telling
her exactly what to do and what medi-
cines and appliances to get. She began
the treatment (the principal remedy be-
ing reruna) at once, and In a few weeks
was well and strong again and able to do
her own work.
TO THE WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES,
Successful Home Treatment,
DR. HARTMAN'S CURE FOR FEMALE DISEASES— A
GENEROUS OFFER TO WOMEN.
Invalid Women are App.'ying by Thousands, for Dr.
I Hartman's Free Home Treatment by Letter.
ADVEETISEMEKTS.HENRY IRVING GIVEN
COMPLIMENTARY BANQUET
Speeches of United States Embassador
Choate and Mark Twain
;? Score Hits.
LONDON. June 9.— At the Savoy Hotel
to-night a . complimentary dinner was
given to welcome home Henry Irving af
ter his American tour. DIOyley Carte pre
sided and among the 200 persons present
were United* States Embassador Joseph
H. Choate, Henry White, secretary of the
United States Embassy, Bradley ¦ Martin;
the Earl of Craven, F. Bernard, Reginald
DISASTROUS EXPLOSION
~ . OF MINING FUSES
Two Men Killed and Thirteen Injured
in the Customs Department
at Oporto.
OPORTO. Portugal, June 9.— An explo
sion caused by mining fuses at the cus
toms department to-night killed two per
sons and injured thirteen. The explosion
caused a panic In the town.
Arrested for Murder.
ANOKA, . Minn., June 9.— Benjamin
Johnson, a general storekeeper at Con
stance, near here, was arrested to-day on
the charge of having fired the shots that
killed the members; of; the Wise family
recently. The alleged motive was re
venge. -Johnson was taken before Wil
liam "Wise, who was badly wounded, and
there was a dramatic scene, but Johnson
declared his Innocence,- •
Oil Spreads Fire.
HAMBURG". June P.— A tlr<\:n tho oil re
f5r.!r.g ?ri<l district this afternoon
«i<--5troy«»d property to the va!u(> of 1,000,
009 markr, Sncludinsr man:- dwellings.
Copyrighted, 1509, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, June 0. — The grave situation In
China, v.hich has developed this week,
monopolizes the attention of the political
world and has thrown a shadow over
<,ueFtions of minor interest, even including
the Transvaal. Paris and Its politicians
admit the seriousness of the condition of
affairs around Peking, and apprehensions
are expressed !est it lead to international
complications.
The creattst element of danger in the
situation is generally felt to be the double
duel of supremacy proceeding between
Russia and England and Russia and
Japan. The sympathies of Frenchmen
are naturally with their ally, Russia. The
next few days, it is expected, will bring
forth important events. It Is not thought
that England is likely at the present mo
ment, when her hands are fully occupier!
with South Africa, to take any step to
produce an Anglo-Rus=ian collision; but
she Is firmly believed here to be behind
Japan, and her support may encourage the
latter to adopt such a policy as will even
tuate in hostilities with Russia, for
which, apparently, the Japanese are Itch-
Ing. The action of the United States "Is
acknowledged to be a most important
factor In the situation and advices from
Washington are closely followed here with
a view of gaining therefrom a clear indi
cation as to whether America will act In
dependently in her dealings with the
Chinese Government or will throw in her
lot with ont of the two rival groups or
powers.
Her friendly relations with both Russia
and England favor the Impression that
she will endeavor to steer an independent
course, but will at the same time, if com
pelled by the force of events, reluctantly
join Japan and England. At the Foreign
Office r.o attempt is made to conceal tne
anxiety which prevails, but while the
feeling cannot be said to be optimistic, it
is hoped the storm gathering about the
Chinese Empire will be weathered.
The following statement is furnished the
Associated Press by a representative of
the oftiee as expressing the views of the
French Government:
"Tli* situation is undoubtedly very seri
ou" 5 and unless the Chinese Government
rouses itself to a thorough appreciation
of the dangers threatening its very exist
ence it is cifflcult to foresee what will be
?lie outcome. Our cable advices leave the
condition of affairs somewhat obscure, but
it is evident that the Peking Government
must act promptly and vigorously If it is
to stamp out the rebellion. Despite the
stories of defeats of the Chinese troops,
we still think the army is sufficiently
strong to suppress the insurrection, but it
mustaet at once. In the meantime we In
tend to co-operate with the other powers
in taking such measures as are necessary
to safeguard our countrymen and their
properties. Our Minister and admiral
nave been Instructed to take this course.
Our interests are identical with those of
the United States, and there is every rea
son to believe we shall act In unison dur
ing the present crisis. The aim of both is
to act purely In defense of the lives and
Interests of our compatriots which are
now in such peril.
"Wo hope the fears expressed by the
Greatest Impending Danger Believed
to Be a Duel Between England
and Russia and Russia
i and Japan.
It Is Feared Chinese Dispute
May Cause International
Complications.
FRANCE STIRRED
BY HAPPENINGS
IN FAR EAST
Ward, Charles Frohman, Maurice Grau,
Bret Harte, Lord Russel, Alma Tadema
and Anthony Hope.
Sir Henry was given a tremendous re
ception when he rose to respond to the
toast to his health, but the features of the
evening were speeches made by Embassa
dor Choate and Mark Twain. Mr. Choate
for the first time -since he |ias been In
England, seemed to give free vent to hfs
humor an d he did not hesitate to remind
Englishmen that the traits of character
which they had heretofore, with lofty
superiority, regarded as purely American
had been lately repeated and exceeded In
England.
"Heretofore," said Embassador Choate
the enthusiasm which the United States
nas displayed on occasions has been re
garded as quite unbecoming a great peo
ple, but that was before certain events in
your own history. Never in our history
has there been such an outbreak as that
ri e « e J P I-ondon on the occasion of the re
lief of Ladysmith and Mafeking."
Choate eulogized Irving and paid a trib
ute to him for what he had accomplished
to foster the good relations between the
two countries.
Lord Russell proposed the health of Sir
Henry. Irving in an eloquent speech, to
which Irving feelingly responded. In the
course of his speech Irving said:
"* rom an expeVience of seventeen years
1 may say that the fortunes of England
are dear to those Americans who guide
and control the destinies of their country
and it is niy belief that the bonds between
Gr w?. t Br "t a 'n and the great American re
public will grow ever closer with time
"And one who has been through that
great country, who has shared the wel
come of its great-hearted people and who
has seen and felt, as I have again and
again, the loyal, loving warmth and affec
tion for the old land, can only feel that
for all good and high purposes and all
that makes for the elevation and freedom
of humanity and the good of the human
rare, the two lands are one."
Mark Twain's speech, in 'which he de
scribed his experiences as a dramatist
was received with continuous laughter '
Arthur \y. Plnero. the Earl of Chester
new and Comyns Carr and others spoke
and it was long after midnight when the
company separated.
Thirteen Patients Recover From the
STATUS OF THE PLAGUE
REPORTED AT PORT SAID
Dread Illness, While Twenty-
Eight Succumb.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. CopyriKht. 1S00, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
PORT SAID, June 9.— Twenty Arabs and
six Europeans are still under treatment
for plague.' Thirteen have been, cured and
twenty-eight have died out of sixty-seven
cases. ¦ ¦ ; ¦'
During last week 272S rooms were disin
fected and 9Ca2 llmewashed, 6S5 sacks of
goods disinfected and 2 - J20 sacks of rubbish
burned. , / . . ¦ '
There is no plague in Alexandria. Ten
houses have been disinfected, 2378 rooms
whitewashed and 91 persons Isolated.
BISHOP OF COLUMBUS.
the Appointment.
Reverend Dr. Henry Moeller Secures
ROME, June 9.— The Rev. Dr. Henry
Moeller, secretary and chancellor of the
Archdiocese of Cincinnati, Ohio, has been
appointed Bishop .o.f Columbus, Ohio.
Rev. .Dr. -Henry Moeller was born In
Cincinnati . in 1849, and - was one of the
first students In the American college at
Rome. He-was formerly pastor at Belle
fontaine, Ohio, v and professor at St
Mary's Seminary. . In 1S79 he was secre
tary to Bishop Chatard. ;
Mysterious Suicide.
PORTLAND, Or., June 9.— James L.
Rounds of Indianapolis, Ind., committed
suicide at the Hotel Portland to-day by
shooting . himself. I Rounds j came here re
cently to take charge. of an agency of
the Atkinson Circular Saw Company. No
motive is known for the suicide.
Sirs. Gladstone •'Sinking.
LONDON, June 9.— The following bulle
tin was Issued from Hawarden Castle this
afternoon: ¦ \ : '
- - "Mrs. Gladstone grew worse yesterday
evening 1 . She- is now quite unconscious
and is rapidly sinking."
preps of various countries regarding the
probability of international complications
will not be realized. The one thing- to be
feared appears to be friction between
Japan and Russia, but we think tho Japa
nese Government is too wise to pit itself
against the might of the Russian empire.
Japan is certainly very strong on the sea,
l.ut on land it is quite a different matter.
We are hoping that the trouble will b'ow
over through resolute action en the part
of the Chinese Government."
Interest in the Transvaal has subsided
very considerably since Lord Roberts
began his victorious march and espe
cially since he announced that the
Johannesburg gold mines were un
injured. Fear of -damage to the mines,
in which an immense amount of French
money Is invested, has been the leading
cause of anxiety for the Frenchman, who
in nowise shared the advice freely given
the Boers by a portion of the French
press to destroy the mines as a latter-day
emulation of the burning of Moscow by
Un.> Russians.
French shareholders failed to see the
heroic side of this act, through which
they would be the greatest sufferers, and
the news of the safety of the mines
brought a sigh of relief. The subsequent
occupation of Pretoria by the British re
coived scant attention and most of the
journals are of the opinion that it does
not mean an end of the war, but that, on
the contrary, it will be succeeded by the
now much talked of guerrilla warfare,
which they predict will tire the British
out and cost 1 them more blood and treas
ure than even yet have been expended.
The golden harvest of the exposition
has at last begun. Twice this week the
number of visitors exceeded half a mil
lion, which surpasses the figures of the
1S89 exposition at a similar period. It «.s
estimated that over 8,000,000 persons have
now passed the turnstiles. The greatest
difficulty now is experienced in getting
from the grounds at night, the streetcar
and omnibus facilities being utterly inad
equate to cope with the immense crowds,
and the cabmen are having high times,
demanding and getting fancy prices for
short trips home. It is nothing unusual
for them to ask $2 for a trip for which the
legal fare_is 30 cents;
The electrical arrangements at the
Chateau d'Eau have been repaired and il
luminations during the evening are now
very brilliant and effective. The Ameri
can pavilion was closed four days this
week for the Improvement of its internal
decorations. A large piece of statuary
representing three wild bronchps forms a
very striking centerpiece and about it are
palms and flowers and a circular sofa.
The walls have been repainted a softer
color, relieving the former glare of. white,
and a number of paintings have been
hung. Further improvements are contem
plated. The juries have begun their tasks
and the American representatives in each
group are hard at work seeking honors
for United States exhibits.
Parisians, who so long have reveled in
the cabarets representing death, heaven
and hell, which almost every visitor con
siders a part of the sights of Paris, are
now offered another morbid attraction in
the shape of a drama written and- per
formed by a couple of Parlslennes who
have just been released ' after serving
terms of Imprisonment for attempted
murder. One is an actress who was con
victed of attempting to dispose of a rival
by a diet of pins concealed In a pudding.
The other was a heroine of a cause cel
ebre of last year. She had tried to poison
her husband with strychnine and on con
viction attempted to commit suicide by
driving a hatpin through her heart. The
women made acquaintance .with each
other while In the prison of St. L,azare
by rapplngs on the wall dividing their
cells. On their release recprttly they
wrote a play which is very "sensational
and partly autobiographical and which
will shortly be produced at one of the
Email theaters within the exposition
grounds. - *
her lover with the sole object of betraying
her closest confidence, and under that
guise had lured her to tell him the story
of her early childhood's shame and made
it the groundwork of his latest novel, in
which he figures as the hero, with whom
two women are in love. One of these Is
Duse, and the writer dealt hardly with
her, armed as he was with her very life
secrets.
Two slight wounds to his antagonist
was the result of tho first encounter,
D'AnhunzIo has two more champions of
the Injured woman to meet." Signora Duse
is now playing in London with Her usual
extraordinary success. •
UNDER the cover of a difference
on political questions the great
Italian novelist and playwrlter,
Gabrlele d'Annunzio. has Just
fought one duel with Signor Ber
nable. the editor of El Natione, and is en
gaged to fight two more with other parties
on the same account. Political differences,
however, do not enter into the matter at
all. That is only a subterfuge to delude
the Italian public. The real cause of the
challenge from D'AnnunzIo to the editor
and their subsequent meeting on Tuesday
last was an article which appeared in El
Natlone severely scoring- D'Annunzio for
his conduct toward Signora Eleanors Duse
and stating that he had played the part of
Copyrighted, 1S00, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, June 9.— The Chinese situa
tion which, at the beginning of the week,
was merely a small cloud on the interna
tional horizon, now overshadows every
other topic. England, according to most
authoritlest-save those ' who control her
foreign policy— Is face to face with a
crisis in Far Eastern aftairs which, though
it may not result in any immediate parti
tion of China, must determine the part
that England shall play when the parti
tion eventually occurs. That such an
emergency should have arisen at a mo
ment when England is least able to util
ize it, when almost all her land forces
are 6000 miles from home and when there
is a paramount necessity for keeping an
extra strong fleet In European waters, Is
deplored by all shades of statesmen and
politicians.
Lord Salisbury stands almost alone
in his own party In believing that the
results of the Boxer outbreak will neither
be serious nor permanent. The attitude
he adopts toward the unanimous agita
tion for more strenuous action is voiced
by an intimate friend, who said to a rep
resentative of tht: Associated Press:
"Lora Salisbury believes we should be
thankful for small mercies. The co-oper
ation ot" diplomats and authorities on the
spot seems perfectand unusually harmoni
ous. So long as this satisfactory state of
affairs continues he will be eminently sat
isfied and will take no other steps, unless
one or several of the powers ask Great
Britain's assent to a scheme which ap
pears feasible, or unless Russian aggres
sion becomes much more apparent than it
is to-day. When these contingencies oc
cur, or the representatives of various na
tions at Peking fall to agree, then will
Lord Salisbury assume the Initiative.
Belies on Macdonald.
"At present he is agreeably surprised at
the smooth progress of the negotiations
at the- seat of the disturbance and im
plicitly trusts in Sir Claude Macdonald,
the British Minister to China."
It might be added that Great Britain's
Premier is not particularly optimistic re
garding the length of time the various
Ministers and admirals in the Far East
will eo-ooerate so admirably. But Lord
Salisbury is far too philosophical to bor
row troubles. In the meanwhile the mem
bers of very embassy in London and every
club, to say nothing of the stock market,
are discussing eagerly the prospects of
war between two powers arising from the
Peking troubles.
It is tlie old cry of "Wolf!" and this
time many well-informed people are
greatly Inclined to believe that the wolf
will materialize in the shape of Russia,
with Japan as her opponent. Admiral
Freemantle's reported statement that war
between these countries is inevitable cre
ates no surprise, though such plain speak
ing Is severely discountenanced officially.
A Government official, speaking to a rep
resentative of the Associated Press, said:
"I believe Admiral Freemantle said what
Is credited to him.- He Is a splendid offi
cer but a harsh talker. It is not the first
time he has said things which had
better been left unsaid."
The financial situation arising from the
Chinese dlsturb/inces is by no means sat
isfactory to those who have any large
holdings.
One curious feature Is the opinion held
by many financiers that If the present dis
turbance portends opening up China it
also portends an inestimable, increase in
circulation of silver, with the accompany
ing tendency to put that metal on a parity
with gold. A well-known American finan
cier in London explained this to a repre
sentative of the Associated Press, point-
Ing out the fact that copper is now the
general medium of exchange in China.
/ With the ingress of Europeans these
cumbersome tokens would naturally be
done away with and silver introduced in
the most populous country In the world.
On this basis there has been a strong un
dertone in the silver market, with in
teresting discussions on the political and
economical Incident upon the possibili
ties of the increased use of sliver.
America's Fart.
With the exception of the discussion as
to the possible part the United States may
play In assisting Great Britain in pulling
the chestnuts out of the fire in the far
East little interest is being taken in
Great Britain in American affairs. The
Presidential prospects are made the sub
ject of editorials, and the English cor
respondents In America are sending long
reviews of the chances of President Mc-
Kinley and William Jennings Bryan, but
these fail to stimulate any keen attention.
' The weeklies refer to Stephen Crane's
death with sincere regret and admiration.
His name is generally coupled with that
of Stevens. Tho Spectator says:
"Crane was a writer of singular force
and originality, whose studies In the psy
chology of peril had the quality of clair
voyance nothing short of magical." •
Returns just Issued by the Board of
Agriculture are dismal reading for the
Kngllsh farmer. From these It Is learned
that the ever-lncrea»*r>g importation of
dead meat to the United Kingdom has
reached the daily average of over 230,000
tons, while butter, eggs, rabbits and game
have all enormously increased in the ex-.
tent of their Importation. The foreign
products being almost invariably cheaper,
the farmers are confronted with the pros
pect of eventually having no home mar
ket For these conditions the Board of
Agriculture suggests no remedy.
Lady Granville Gordon, who died re
cently, was one of the first society women
to start a bonnet store. She did a thriv
ing business In London, eventually selling
her Rood-will for a round sum. Lord
Huntley. thte elder brother of Lady Gran
ville Gordon, one of the handsomest men
of tho day. endeavors to improve his
ilnanclal condition by writing sporting
The' Earl of Radnor, who died last week,
was a notoriously shy man. He was de
voted to his wife. Tn'.o Is a sister of Henry
Chaplin, presIJeJ of the Local Govern
ment Board, kvA brilliant in society as a
musician and conversationalist. He or
ganised tho first amateur orchestra com
posed of people of position. Viscount
Folkstone. the late Earl of Radnor"* eld
est son. who is at the front in South
Africa, dangerously 111 with enteric fever,
succeeds to the title. . •
Lord Salisbury Is Unsupported in His
Belief That the Chinese Outbreak
Will Bring No Serious
Consequences.
South African Trouble Alone
a Severe Tax on Army
and Navy.
SITUATION IN
ORIENT WORRIES
ALL ENGLAND
ST. JOHNS, N. F., June 8.— The Peary
Arctic steamer Windward Is ready to
cotn« out cf the drydock, having fully
completed the extensive repairs which
Siave been in. progress for several months,
end will Bhortly leave for Sydney, C. B.,
In command of Captain Samuel W. Bart-
to tali© on coal and supplies for her
voyage to the north. While the new en
•plnes desired have not been obtained, in
consequence of the utter inability of
manufacturers both in Great Britain and
jfn America to take up the contract, a
Tiew Ehaft and propeller have been sup
plied, the eld engines thoroughly over
hauled and put in the best possible order,
so that at least a knot and a half an hour
In epeed has been {rained, bringrins the
"Windward up to the Kite of the 18Sl-lSi<2
»nd lS9i expeditions. In addition, the hull
2:as been thoroughly rebuilt, strengthened
both vrlthin and without, and the Wind
ward, as & whole, is in far better condi
tion than fhe has bren for years, new
"boilers having bren installed by Mr.
Harrasworth shortly before he turned her
•over to Mr. Peary in 1S33.
Tfce Windward will this year fail as an
AmerlcaJi r-hip, so far as her nationality
Is concerned, the necessary legislation by
Congress having boen approved by Presi
cer.t McKinley. The formal register has
not yet been issued. Captain Bartiett,
however, has a copy of the a.ct, certifled
by the Secretary cf the Treasury, upon
which ihe United States Consuls and for
eign authorities of any port will permit
The Windward to fly the Stars and
Stripes, The rebuilt Windward will be,
•.herefcre. the first Arctic expedition
Meamer to carry the Stars and Stripes
bX the peak since the ill fated Polaris
ieft the Brooklyn navy-yard in July, l&il,
under comrr.and of Captain Charles F.
Hall, who «iltd on board a few months
inter.
Tbe expedition will sail from Sydney
about July 1 and proceed directly, with a.
cal! at Disco, to i*iah. North Greenland.
Xr. Peary's winter quarters; whore in
structions from him will doubtless be
found, or if not will 1m? awaited. The
Windward v.-ill tnke vr:th titr the maxj
m'.m quantity of coel which she can
carry: aaaxtional lumber, oil. sugar, arm*.
ammunition, provisions. Bdentlnc Instru
ments find everything which ii necessary
tor Mr. Peary's work. Ilie Windward
also lakes two new whaleboats built at
New liedford for the Feary service, thor
onghlv equipped In every «ieia;I.
It is. however, quite possible tJia t Mr.
Tfrf.ry rn3y have attained the pole this
e print?, in which case he will of course it
turn -with t.h<3 ?hip. If not the addition?.!
equipment, with what rfmain? of the
forty tons of supplies left at Etah by the
Diana last year, will b^ ample for the re
mainder of the time which h* will dfvoto
to hif= work. I'porj the arrival of the
"Windward at Ktah Mr. Peary will assume
oonunxed. and hrr further rno\^ merits will
be subject to the conditions of his work
and to his Instructions. N'o passengers
will be taken on th»* Wir.dwar'l, tbe Danish
Government having nualin'ed their per
mission to land hi ;!;p Greenland port*
•with the conditions that tourists should
rot be carried. Mr?. Peary and Miss
Peary, however, viil go north on th<»
Ftcarner ar far as Ktah. and it Is probable
That the Windward, if she return?, will
tring h^n-i" the Robert Stfin party, landed
near Capo Sabine by the Diur.a in Aueust
l£Ft.
Will Be the First Vessel to Cany the
American Flag: Into th«
North Since the
Polaris.
Peary's Ship Nearly in Shape
for the Trip to the
Arctic-
WINDWARD NOW
READY TO COME
OFF DRYDOCK
Copyrighted, 1900. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. Jiine 9.— The situation In
China Is here regarded as of the utmost
importance. Though the Foreign Office
has been rather uncommunlcable through
out the week toward all foreign corre
spondents, enough reliable Information
has leaked out to show that the whole
Government, with the Emperor and the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count von
Bulow, leading, consider the suppression
of the anti-foreigner movement In China
as prerequisite for a possible rejuvena
tion of Chlna»and certainly for the estab
lishment of healthy commercial conditions,
and Germany is, therefore, as the officials
of the Foreign Office emphatically say to
the correspondent of the Associated Press,
in favor of harmonious joint action by all
the powers interested in China, witnout
permitting any single power to reap self
ish advantages from the situation, nor
tne group ot powers doing so. Thus far
the German Government Is not in posses
sion of official or otherwise reliaDle in
formation that any one power is attempt
ing to get ahead of the rest, nor that
the Dowager Kmpre*s of China really fa
vors the iioxer movement.
The tailure of the Chinese troops to
subdue the movement results, it is said
here, simply from the normal procrasti
nation ot the Government and the cow
ardice of the Chinese army and It3 com
manders. Reliable Information Is to the
effect that Germany at all events will
vigorously exert herself with the other
powers to put an end to the present un
bearable situation.* His Majesty's instruc
tions are that while Germany In no way
puts herself unduly forward and is willing
to loyally co-operate with the rest of the
powers, she will under no circumstances
permit the present conditions to go on and
thereby suspicion be aroused that Ger
many is seeking separate aims, which, of
course, is absurd.
The Cologne Gazette to-day points out
inspirediy that the main aim now is to
re-establish orderly conditions In China.
Nobody seems to care whether the Chi
nese Government thereby comes to grief
or how the relations between the powers
are thereby altered. It seems relatively
unimportant whether the conservative or
reform party in China be In power.
The Reichstag debates during the last
days were quite interesting, although the
final passage of the navy bill was a fore
gone conclusion. The manner in which
lierr Mueller. Centrist. Friday fiercely
took to task the Minister of Commerce,
Herr BrefeW, and the Minister of the
Treasury, Baron von Thielmann, showed
that the Government under the present
circumstances is willing to stand almost
any treatment from the Center, provided
the latter passes the navy bill. Incident
ally the panic which seized the German
boerses Thursday, under which even the
most favorite securities. Industrials and
coal shares, went down In soma cases
from 10 to 15 per cent, came up, and Herr
Lucke, the agrarian, said that another
German "krach" like that of 1S73 was
pending, owing to overspeculatlon and
greed.
On account of China Interest In the
South African news tlagged this week.
The semi-official Post has, however, pub
lished a remarkable article. It asks, "Is
the annexation of the republics to be con
sidered a fact?" which the far-sighted
never doubted, and then proceeds to con
sider the development of Africa aftefr
.peace. It recognizes danger for Germany
in the British watchword "From the Cape
to Cairo," but points out that both the
German and French colonial belts break
In continuity in the British possessions
and that moderation on all sides will
bring about a sensible modus Vivendi. It
adds that a certain number of Boers will
be welcomed in German colonies if they
drop all pretensions to separate political
existence. The task of civilizing and
opening up the Dark Continent for trade
may well be divided between the three
leading European nations without caus
ing strife.
Dr. von Mlquel's pro-agrarian speech at
the Posen Exposition is generally com
mented on by the press from various
standpoints. The whole Liberal press
points out that the speech openl;* showed
where lies the miscarriage of all Prince
Hohenlohe's liberal plans within the Cab
inet.
Docs Not Intend to Take the Initia
tive, but Will "Work With.
Other Powers for
Peace.
Germany's Position in China
Movement Plainly
Stated.
WILL AID IN
SUPPRESSION
OF THE BOXERS
DUELS BEING FOUGHT
OVER D'ANNUNZIO'S BOOK
Four Champions Eager to Defend Signora Duse's Name Against the
Famous Author.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
INTERESTING NEWS FROM FOREIGN LANDS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE .10, 1900.
15
FAMOUS ITALIAN AUTHOR AND THE LADY IN HIS BOOK.
visi- OR- JORDAN'S great ,
MUSEUM OF aHATQMY.
iC :i 2U22X7 SX. Set. fcliTii. Z.T.Gai. ,
¦Kg The Ua.-pe-:Anstcn:icil Jklute-umtn the
j£e$Ka*%. Y' 0 * 111 We »ti«iei or tnjr connacted t
As a£*) dw*"* |«-«tl*t-ly mm! i, y thc o!c-U '
dUz v5 \ fc i >caWi * t c » ;i>^ <-«**•• lilt 36 yeiiv " $
u¥Sz.V< CS " *3MA!t— PRIVATE DISEASES A
ffiRiB «-o.i«u!t«:. xi '.r~-. »r,d «n-ti y j^rstr. \
B iS«L R *" rtn>em P*'*ona]«jr <" l>jr letter A M)
If QN Pt-twt CVre 111 eTerjr cue undertaken. \
Mff in, Wntefor BieV^PRfLOSOPEtV of A
¦ If I'll WtBBlACC, MA!UIX> Fftsa. (AT
£| fL ' value j)e book for mrsj \
PRjaBDA.VACO^IOa Market Ht-,& F. 9
And a clear complexion arc desired by
every woman and admired by every man.
Eruptions, pim-
TTTTT^TJTTtT pies and similar
Wsi!^* U/M Dlemishes are
¦*&$ti-£}^* f \ I caused by an im-
"t^*'\£?M«£»i*v?i mire condition of
ffi* ZUl^V ' the blood. These
tH^~ vO'^,\' I skin blemishes
&¦&§*¦ Y#i \ are permanently
fi&L \H';»> removed by the
; VI fS^ * Hill use of Dr. Pierce's
(! VwXr Golden Medical
\ ' Ity^ 1 Y Discovery which
1 ' Yjr \ thoroughly puri-
1 li^V \ fics tbe blood and
K* \ cures the cause of
Ifli \ j /ihe disease.
yi^^^t. *^ A " For about one
iSf r *" m *^"S,V^ vesr and a half niy
ftrtSi&io^^JW^ broken out." write*
>CISp3j*£rI*&£jt, ?tsf. Miss Came Adams.
W^KW^^T /Si Battlecreek. Mich.
D3v''1A SS^* » /it \ " I spent a great deal
CVJ-irh jV^gatftrt 1 of moiiev with doc-
55#: ; ' V.V' . *«S«l' 1 tore and "for different
ai/Wt X O^»--v kinds of js^jpn^
??hbt*<^T ir^T^ \?r\J but received ao bene-
Vd >•¦'%• 'js^^G&a oa; of your adver-
/^iS*^T^\''V J * i St3 tisemenis in a paper.
¦ of Ooctor Pierce's
Ccldea Medical Discovery. Before I had taken
one bottle cf this meciciiie I noticed a chaajre,
«nd after taking three bottles I was entirely
cured.
Free. The Common Sense Medical
Adviser iooS pages, is sent frse on re-
ceipt of stamps to cover expense of mail-
ing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for
paper covered book, or 31 stamps for
doth bindir.5. Address, Doctor R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS
THIS IS
NOW WE PROPOSE TO FLOOD
THE MARKET WITH ::::::
We Will Exhibit All Tan Shoes
IN OUR
BIG
SHOW
WINOOWS-
THIS WEEK
We will put on sale all the
TAN SHOES we have at
enormous low prices in
order to close them out,
as this is the TAN SHOE
SEASON. In other words,
We Make Hay While the
Sun Shines!
We invite all who may want
to buy TAN SHOES to call
and see our stock and
prices for TAN SHOES.
You all knowthe bargains
we gave you in Black
Shoes. Now we will give
you the same in TAN
SHOES.
Our Bargain Counters Will Be Filled
With Tan Shoes Monday
Morning,
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
CUT THIS OUT AND SAVE IT TOB
REFERENCE.
The topical conversation anon? the sho«
merchants is. How is it that Nolan Bros.'
Shoe Sales are always sueessful?
We answer. It la because we give the
people Just what we advertise and tell
them they have nothing to lose and all to
gain. If good3 are not as represented re-
turn them at our expense and have your
money returned. Now what more could
any one ask for?
We have the largest store, largest stock
and the largest force of clerks of any
house on the Pacific Coast and naturally
want to be doing business all the time.
It costs us as much to sell $100,00) 00 as
It does $500,000 00, so we prefer to sell $300.-
000 00 worth of goods for the profits of,
5100.000 00.
Our store la the most convenient Jn
San Francisco, being reached by all lines
of 'cars and close to all the principal hoteU
and the only store that fronts on two
streets, giving a grand light, so that peo-
ple can see just what they are buying.
ITOTICE.
812-814 Market Strest,
PHELAN BUILDING.
NOLAN BROS.,
ggBk CHICHESTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
S «<W Original and Only Gsaaina.
#J-O*JL>t\SAFE. Alwa.T»r*hsb!«. L»41e«. ut Drwtrt
C )\ VUSWL *>» CHICRESTEirS KNGUSH
k? >*!> 9 «?>*\ 'a KEI» »a4 ««1<1 aei&IUo boxu. ki:»i
*tV ~ptor2 »itb eio« ribbon. Take no vtaer. Befaa*
i?1 «^* Vij l>sigtr«in HnbatltatloBS mad LrolLa.
I/"" (ff tJaan. Boj »t yo«r Drurfiiu. n tend 4e. la
*?' r-/ ""oi" fer Partiealara, TeattaoalaU
\ X* h? * ni "Keller far L«.| !«•»." mictttr. by r»-
_~V A tars Mail. 1 0.O4M* Ttmtbaoaiala. Soil ar
v — *""/ all DrnccUu. Chlehester fhrnlcal C«_
Mar-ion this paper. Umdlwm *<j«are, fUlLJi, *\±J
When in Lisbon call up Ribeiro da Costa
& Ca., drogulstas, 130, Rua do Arsenal,
152, they will send to jour hotel or tell
you the nearest pharmacy that keeps
Humphreys' Specifics. "77" for Grip and
Colds. Specific "4" for Diarrhea, very
Important when traveling.
Specific "1" for Fevers, Congestion.
Specific "10" for Dyspepsia, Indigestion.
, Specific "15" for Rheumatism.
- Specific "26" for Sea-Sickness. A pre-
ventive and cure; take before sailing.
Specific "27" for Kidneys and Bladder.
Manual of all maladies, especially chil-
dren diseases, sent free.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on re-
ceipt of prlcp. 23c each. Humphreys' Ho-
meopathic Medicine ? Co., Cor. "William &
John Sts., New York.
32 Rue Etienne-Marcel, 32, Para
LISBON.
TELEPHONE No. 247
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnlc for tbe Sexual Organs for both sen*.
The Mexican Remedy lor Diseases of ttn Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 & BKUNE. Asentt.
133 Market at.. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTCr^VTIVE. INVIGO&A-
tor and Nervine.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
DR. HALL'S REISYIGORATORWgjg
Five hundred r"warf1 for any e*j"
case Tve cannot cure. This secret f ""3
remedy stops all losses In 24 m _~?i
hour?, cures Emissions. Impo- pjJSS EVil
tency, v.iricocele. Gonorrhoea, rv^n Pf.Tji
Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Los: UJiJ liULj
Manhood an<1 all v.astln? effects wS3 S&3
of self-at-us<- or excesses. Sent fc£££Bau3l
lealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. J5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Artdrws HALL'S MEDICAL) IN-
STITUTE. So." Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Al»o
for s>ale at 1073*i Market St.. S. F. All prtvaU
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
IS'EW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AXT> WASHINGTON STa— RB-
modeled -and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, SCc to %l SO day;
$i to S3 week: $S to $7) month. Free baths; hot
arid cold water every room: (Ire crates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
THE WEEKLY CALL
nil ¦¦ A Completely eradicated with-
U I I L' V cut euttlnx or tyln*. Na
f II p™ m" cure. " no pay. Tor lnjorm»«
I I I 9 fJ "on address S. V. RECTAIi
¦ ¦"'¦ly INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
Hitchcock School,
8AN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUKG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium". Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
ST. MATTHEWS' Mil ffl.
SAN MATEO, CAL. For catalogue and illus-
trated circular address
•REV. W. A. BREWER,' A.' B., Rector.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THOUSAND ISLANDS PARK, N. Y..
June 9.— The general conference of Y. M.
C. A. secretaries is in session here, 40J
delegates, including the most prominent
Y. M. C. A. workers, being present.
A paper by E. M. Robinson of Boston
on, ''The Opportunity of the Association
in the Religious Needs of Boys," resolved
itself into a suggestion that a special sec
retary be employed by the international
committee for the purpose of evolving a
definite policy for Junior work. The sug
gestion met with. strong indorsement and
a subscription of $1SOO was immediately
raised for. the enterprise amid great en
thusiasm.
Responsibility for the Action of Con
sular Agent Vasco and Captain
Fields Disavowed.
. WASHINGTON. June 9.— The State De
partment has disavowed responsibility
for the action of Consular Agent Vasco,
p.t I«ipaz, Mexico, and Captain Fields of
the Ranger, In interfering with the local
Mexican magistrate at Lapaz, done to
hasten the trial of one of two Grlgrsby
Brothers on a charge of malicious perse
cution. The Grigsbys, an American busi
ness llrm at Lapaz. were prosecuted by
a discharged employe, a native, for ma
licious prosecution, and the case is pend
ing before the Mexican courts.
The American officials referred to ad
dressed a written request to the magis
trate to be furnished with the record in
the case. As the Mexican Government has
already shown a commenQ«ule disposition
to accede to all proper representations
from Minister Clayton respecting the
casr. which was running smoothly in the
diplomatic channels, the action of the
naval captain and the consular agent was
regarded as unwarranted and they have
been admonished against a repetition of
the offense. The Mexican Government is
entirely satisfied with the prompt action
of the State Department In the matter.
SECRETARIES CONVENE.
OFFICERS CENSURED
BY STATE DEPARTMENT
ST. LOUIS, June 9.— A movement to or
ganize a company to compete with the
fruit trust has been started here by Balti
more, Boston and New Orleans j capital
ists. The papers which are necessary to
insure the establishment of the company
have been drawn up and signed.
The scheme of the promoters of the
company contemplates the purchase of
fruit farms and- franchises in South anil
Central America and the operation of a
line of steamships to the ports of those
countries to transport the fruit to this
country. The capital stock of the organi
zation is to be $500,000, but it Is declared
that its resources will be many times that
amount.
TO OPPOSE FRUIT TRUST.
Justice of the Teace Barry has taken ex
ception to the strictures of Assessor
Dodge regarding his delay In deciding a
suit brought against A. B. Caldwell. a
warehouseman, to compel him to divulge
the names of his customer?, so that the
goods belonging to them and stored In hla
warehouse could be assessed. Judge
Barry holds that the Assessor is clearly
in contempt, and he may yet return a
charge to that effect. He say* that he has
taken some time to decide the case prop
erly, as the rights of the municipal ko\
ernment and the rights of ProP^y?™."^*
are involved. Harry says that Dodge *
anxiety to compel an early decision lies in
the fact that the Assessor la entitled to
retain half of the moneys recovered In an
action of thi3 kind.
Judge Barry Takes Exception.
STOCKTON, June 10.— The train that
should have arrived here at 8:15 last even-
Ing was delayed till nearly 1 o'clock this
morning by the forward trucks of the
engine leaving the rails two miles this
side of the Altamont tunnel. The train
was brought to a standstill in short order,
and no one was injured further than a
shaking up. An engine was sent from
Tracy to the relief of the disabled locomo
tive and to bring the train to Stockton.
The accident marred the opening of the
annual turnfest of the northern district
of California. The Sacramento and Marys
vllle delegates came in all right, but the
large crowd from San Francisco. Oakland,
San Jose and other points did not reach
the city tlll'l o'clock. The programme was
postponed, but those in the city met at
Turner Hall and passed a most enjoyable
evening till the train arrived, when they
escorted the delayed delegates to the head,
quarters, where a banquet was served. An
athletic programme will be given to-mor
row, and in the evening a singing contest
between the teams from the various
vereins will take place.
Train Bearing Delegates Derailed at
Altamont Tunnel.
TUBNFEST MARRED.
VICTORIA. B. C. June . 9.— The first
Klondikers to come down this spring ar
rived hr-re by the steamer Amur this
morning. Soon' afterward the Cutch
reached Vancouver with more and the
City of Seattle is expected to reach that
city to-night with a big crowd, for 200 had
arrived up the river, six steamers having
come up from Ltawpon. The miners are
bringing out much gold, the richest one of
the group as far a.« known being J. G.
Noyes.. who has $13.01.0.
A big budget of news was received by
the Amur. There was news of the output.
at the JinJing of the body of Fred Clay
ton, one of the victims of the last win
ter's trail murders; of shooting scrapes at
Damon: the rush to Nome and Koyokuk.
etc The Colonist will publish to-morrow
a table of the output creek by creek, the
totals of which show that 5C0 claims have
been worked during the past winter. 5280
m<-n employed and 155,155,1*0' pans taken
out. which cleaned up S1S.5D3.273. . El Do
rado Is again the banner producer. Its
output is close on $4,000,000.
\\ hen to-aay's arrivals left Dawson a
great stampede had started to Sulphur
Creek. l*u prospectors who were going
to summer on the creek and were bunding
a cabin had struck rich gravel while dig
ging raoss to chink the logs of their cabin.
Th< y continued to dig, and at bedrock
they wore taking out 6u cents to the pan.
The prospectors who rushed In when
thli discovery was reported have staked
all the claims from thirty to sixty miles
cbov«% and all bench ciaims for some
miles. According to a Some paper re
ct-JVfd here. James Waterman of San
Kranclsco is bringing a big- lawsuit
against O. E. LJndbloom. one of the dis
coverers of Nome, over the partnership
In lifty of the richest claims there. The
case is to be tried in San Francisco.
Miners returned from Koyokuk tell of
the richness of Myrtle and Slate creeks.
They report food scarce, and say Hour
sold for ?!(.«) a s-ack lust winter.
Insi>ector It. C. A, Primrose of the
mounted police has submitted a report
rej-i>cctlji8 the census of the Vukon. Out
of a total of 54'M. those of British allegi
ance of 1712 in number, and the citizens
of the Knitod Stalr-s number 33C1.
A Fcrlous shooting affray took place on
3Jay Si on Cruld Hun. when J. F. rioggs, a
jeweler, shot his partner, James Rogers of
Ban Francisco. Uad blood had been en
gendered between the men through dis
putes over property in which each owns
en interest. On the day in question the
quarrel was renewed, when suddenly
Soergs drew a revolver and fired at his
partner.
The bullet struck the victim below the
collarbone, jvnetratlng: the shoulder, and
carae out at the other side. Roger* turned
and ran. when Sopks apaln Jired, the bul
let passing through Holers' left shoulder
end coming out over his heart. A third
bullet struck him in the left side and has
not i>cen located, while a fourth was not
effective. It is expected that Rogers will
die.
On May 6 Charlea Hill was acquitted at
Dawson on the charge of murder arising
out of a shooting affair in which William
Hlair was slain. The trouble arose
through Jealousy over an Indian glrL
Tile steamer Yukos, one of. the vessels
Facial r>i?r>ateh to The Call.
latest Stampede Is to Sulphur Creek,
Where Tvro Prospectors Struck
Rich Gravel While Dig
ging Moss.
El Dorado Is Again the
Banner Producer of
the Region.
AMUR BRINGS
MEN AND GOLD
FROM KLONDIKE
Government officials believe that they
have conclusive evidence that employes
of the railway mall service are connected
with the attempted steal. Further de
velopments are looked for within the next
few days.
He called at the Postofflce In this city
for the responses which had been sent
him and was arrested by a United States
Marshal.
Frazer when arraigned before a United
States Commissioner In this city to-day
maintained that he had found the checks
near the railroad track at Everett and
that his only connection with the case
was an attempt to obtain a reward from
the banks. His arrest was the result of
letters which he wrote the Everett banks
demanding that they provide him with a
ticket to Cape Nome for. the return of the
vouchers.
SEATTLE. Wash., June 9.— Attaches of
the United States Attorney's and Mar
shal's office to-day unearthed what they
believe to be a systematic plan to rob the
United States mails between this city and
Everett. They to-day arrested a man
who gave his name as A. A. Frazer and
found on his person $4100 in Tacoma bank
checks, which had been cashed by local
banks in Everett and had been forwarded
by mail over the Great Northern Railway
to Tacoma for collection. Absolute proof
has been obtained that the checks went
into the United States malls at Everett
and were deposited in Government mall
pouches and delivered aboard the mail
cars.
Prisoner Protests Innocence and Says
. He Found the Incriminating
Papers Near the
Railroad.
Important Arrest Made by
Attaches of the Mar
shal's Office.
ALLEGED PLOT
TO ROB MAILS
IN THE NORTH
"By August It Is expected that the
White Pass and Yukon Railroad will have
been extended seventy miles to Whito
Horse and from there in the summer
months steamers can make the run to
Dawson City in a couple of days. All
kinds of boats are being fitted up In Daw
son to convey people to Cape Nome, but
as many people came to Dawson last win
ter as went out."
"The license on saloons has been re
duced from {2500 per annum to 51500. A
duty of $2 per gallon Is assessed on all
wines, liquors and beer brought into the
Yukon territory.
"Dawson." he says, "is- beginning to
present a more substantial appearance.
Claims are now being prepared for sluic
ing—that is. for washing gold from the
large dumps of earth taken out of the
claims during the winter months. Resi
dents are very much gratified at the ex
cellent mail gprviee. the mail coming and
going regularly every week all through
the past winter; letters only from the
United States, however. Provisions are a
little cheaper in some lines, but there Is
rio change fn the cost of living and board
and lodging at 1200 a month; eggs at IZ
per dozen; oranges at $1 each, and apples
of questionable quality costing 50 cents
apiece are examples of the high prices at
Dawson City.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— Some interest
ing matter concerning matters in the Yu
kon and liawson districts has been fur
nished the State Department from Consul
McCook.
DAWSON TAKING ON A
SUBSTANTIAL APPEARANCE
plying on the upper river, was badly in
jured by fire on May 5. She was one of
t.'ie finest steamers that ever breasted the
vatera of the Yukon, but she was a
blackened ruin In half an hour. The in
terior was also destroyed, though the hull
Is Intact. The loss will be $10,000.
SEATTLE. June 9.— According to W. H.
Traiman, a Dawsonite, there were two
fatalities below Dawson before the ice
had gone down the river. \V. NT. Seiphert
and Charles Langdon. two former resi
dents of Harlem. N. Y.. were caught In
an icepack and drowned. Their boat was
ground to pieces and sank. The bodies
were not recovered. The accident hap
pened between Dawson and Forty-Mile.
• This afternoon's parade, the final public
feature, was the climax of Dewey day.. A
half-holiday was generally observed and
the people crowded themselves in the
downtown streets. In Grand Circus Park
at thevhead of the boulevard a thousand
children, seated on a sloping structure,
sang as the admiral and his wife rode
past, a version of the "Star Spangled
Banner" adapted to express praise of
Dewey's naval achievements.
The closing spectacle was a review of
the pageant from a stand erected in front
of the City Hall. Headed by Brigadier
General Duffleld and Governor Pingree,
marching men passed in review across the
Campus Maritus. They were saluted by
the admiral in true military fashion, spe
cial deference being paid to the regular
arid volunteer naval battalions and the
G. A. R. veterans.
Admiral and Mrs. Dewey anticipate a
quiet Sunday. On Monday they proceed
to Grand Rapids.
Salutes were fired on the Canadian
shore, and Canadian whistles shrieked in
unison with those of the Michigan side
The forty-mile trip was uneventful aside
from the -ovation witnessed en route.
This afternoon Admiral Dewey dis
carded citizen's garb for the full dress
uniform of the admiral, giving him the
historic aspect in which he is associated
In the public mind. One of the features of
the marine parade was the courtesy
shown on the Canadian side of the river.
At Walkerville, Ontario, American and
British flags were Hying and one large
banner bore the inscription, "Canadians'
best wishes to America's great seaman
and Britain's warm friend."
DETROIT, June 9.— Dewey's second day
In Detroit was a memorable one. The two
parades, by water and on land, furnished
scenes of homage to a war hero quite un
paralleled in this city by any similar
event. : - -Jv~
Demonstration on the Foreign
Shore During His
Detroit Visit.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IS HONORED BY
THE CANADIANS
Despite all this the Chinese trade of the
United States has made wonderful prog
ress in the last decade. American en
gines, rails and structural iron are under
selling the world. The foreign trade of
Siberia, such as it is, is American. In
Port Arthur two foreign firms and much
of the material with which the Russian
Government is provisioning Port Arthur
Is of American manufacture.
Foreign manufacturers of cotton yarns
In Hongkong and Shanghai say that they
cannot compete with Fall River yarns,
because their labor is so inferior to Amer-
Great American Progress.
- The reason for this is that American
merchants have not so much sought the
markets of the Far East as that the trade
has been found for them by others. That
is to say, American goods are shipped to
China in English bottoms and for the
most part pass through the hands of for
eigners, especially Englishmen. There are
few Americans on the spot, and orders
come through foreign firms because
American goods happen to suit their pur
pose. Thus the American manufacturer
is often in ignorance of what is wanted.
There is to-day a pressing necessity for
Americans who shall live in China to keep
home manufacturers informed of what is
really wanted.
Another reason why American manufac
tures have not a wider field in the Far
East Is because they do not yet feel the
necessity for such a market. This leads
to a ce'rtain hand-to-mouth policy into
which dishonesty occasionally creeps. For
instance, only recently the American Con
sul in Yokohama was called upon to cer
tify that In a cargo of cotton sent to
Japan from America there were several
bales weighted in the middle with plaster
of paris. Such incidents are most un
fortunate,'especially since American mer
chants hero complain of Japanese dis
honesty. It is more to be regretted be
cause American cotton has only in ttin
last few years been exported directly from
America. Before that it all come through
Liverpool in the bands of ; English mer
chants. It was only through the efforts
of our former Consul, Mr. McKiver, in
President Cleveland's term, that the Jap
anese manufacturers were led to buy their
cotton directly from America. Japan is
no loncer so far out of the world that
commercial irregularities will not come
home to roost on the shoulders of tho
wrongdoers.
Trade Through Middlemen.
The United States in her efforts to meet
the demands of the Chinese market stands
between Great Britain and Germany. Not
so -ionservative as the Englishman, the
Arc irican manufacturer has not yet felt
the pressure of competition at home
which makes the German so eager to
manufacture especially for the Eastern
market. The East is still for the Ameri
can a place where surplus manufactures
may be gotten rid of, rather than a mar
ket for whkfli a distinct class of goods
must be made.
Japan, from her proximity and kinship
to China, ought to have the advantage
in competing for the trade of China, but
Japanese merchants and manufacturers
suffer from inexperience and also from a
streak of. dishonesty and unreliability
which greatly impairs their credit, not
enly in the East, Dut also in Europe and
America. For this reason Japan is doing
her exporting and importing with Euro
pean countries and America through for
eign houses resident in Japan.
The Chinese merchant, on the other
hand, is famous throughout the East for
his commercial honesty. He may cheat
you in making a bargain, but once his
contract is made he holds to it, whether
written or oral. This commercial Integ
rity in a country where the government
Is so corrupt- is due to the fact that in
China, unlike Japan, merchants have al
ways been near the top of the social lad
der.* * ¦ ¦ . 'V •*.'-',¦
Of the foreign trade of China, England
has more than 60 per cent, tine seems,
however, to rest on her past efforts, con
tent with a ilelU won. when thete was lit
tle or no competition. Her manutactur
ers do not realize that goods which have
held the market In tormer years will not
answer* where Germany and Japan are
competing for the same market. The
English merchant says these goods have
answefed im tne past, why make any
changes?
England Marking Time.
Jt is for this reason that, while one
meets in the Kast Kngiish, American and
German merchants, one sees only Russian
officers and officials. It is also ior this rea
son that Russia cannot have the same in
terest in such a reform of the Government
in China as would enable English, Ger
man, American, Japanese and French
merchants to get a permanen; looting in
the interior.
PEKING, May 12.— China's foreign trade
is divided among England, the United
States, Germany and Japan. Russia, al
though she plays the most important part
politically in China, has as yet no trade
which in the least justifies her aggressive
policy. This is due to the fact that as yet
all Industries in Siberia are undeveloped,
and transportation has been so difficult
as to render trade impossible, except by
caravans. The Trans-Siberian Railroad,
now rapidly nearing completion, is In
tended not only as a military Instrument,
but also as a means of opening up Siberia
to the commerce of the East. How eager
ly the Russians are pushing their rdil
road will be understood when it is known
that within a short time the Russian Gov
ernment entered into a contract with a
large English firm in Tientsin to furnish
40,000 coones from China to push the rail
road to ra>)id completion.
Russian interest in China, therefore, Is
purely political. I believe that this? pol
icy has for its purpose the luture frado
necessities of Siuena, but lor the; present
the policy of ltussia must be tne acquisi
tion of territory a.nd governing lniluence,
lather than the expansion or iraue which
she hae not got and cannot acquire for
forty years.
Special Correspondent of The Call.
BY JOHN F. BASS,
Possible Results That Might Occur
Should the Great Empire Be Di
vided Into "Spheres of
' Influence."
Splendid Opportunity Offered
to the American
Merchant.
DIVISION OF
FOREIGN TRADE
OF THE CHINESE
Possibility of His Accepting
the Nomination for
Vice President.
Disposition Among Many Western as
Well as Eastern Leaders to Be
lieve He Will Be
Selected.
National Chairman Oliver Stewart. In
an address to the convention, argued that
the party should work for prohibition
alone and not dissipate its energies in
seeking many reforms.
Supreme Judge, F. I. Wilsea; Governor,
J. R. Wiley; Lieutenant Governor, Dr. T.
C. Chamberlain; Secretary of State. Mary
L. Henderson: Auditor. Joseph Harvey.
The platform holds President McKinley
"responsible for the disgrace brought
upon this country by the establishment of
drunkeries in the Philippine Islands and
Porto Rico and Cuba."
DENVER. June 9. — The Prohibition
State Convention. In addition to electing
delegates to the national convention and
nominating Presidential electors, made
the following nominations for State offi
cers:
Electors.
Also Select Delegates to the National
• and Presidential
COLORADO PROHIBITIONISTS
NOMINATE STATE OFFICERS
The President had a ¦ large number of
callers to-day, among them Senators Ma
son, Allison. Lodge and Spooner and Rep
resentative Cannon.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— It is stated on
high authority that Senator Hanna will
succeed himself as chairman of the Re
publican National Committee and will
conduct the coming campaign. The only
thing which can change this programme,
it is said, is some change for the worse
in the Senator's health. Senator Hanna
and Secretary Dick had a long confer
ence with the President to-day about po
litical matters in general. Mr. Dick will
go to Philadelphia next Monday and Sen
ator Hanna will arrive there on the 13th.
Chairman of national Com
mittee.
Quite Certain to Be Chosen Again as
HANNA WILL MANAGE
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
"When I was in Washington a few days
ago," said he, "I found that all the East
ern men and many of the Western leaders
believe that Roosevelt will be nominated."
"He says he does not want the nomina
tion, and it would be useless to talk of
it," said Mr. Odeil.
Michael J. Dady, who is one of the lead
ing Woodruff boomers, called at the Fifth
avenue Hotel to ace Senator Platt and Mr.
Odell.
Chairman Odell of the Republican State
Committee declined to discuss Governor
Rocsevelfs popularity as a possible candi
date.
•¦is he not looked upon as a strong man
for second place on the ticket?" was
asked. ' >
"He would be the strongest candidate
who could be named," said Senator Piatt.
"Do you think his nomination Is essen
tial to the success of the ticket?"
"Not absolutely," said Platt.
"Would he accept if he should be nomi
nated by the convention?"
"Of course he would." Mr. Platt said
this as if no alternative could be consid
ered.
"You do not wish to see him forced to
accept?"
"No," was the Senator's reply. "He has
told me that his life would be a burden
to nim as Vice President. The delegation
will meet in Philadelphia, and if it can
agree it "will name a candidate. I suppose
Brooklyn will stand by Lieutenant Gover
nor Woodruff. It docs not necessarily fol
low that New York will name any one.
"I see that General Greene is gaining in
strength," continued Mr. Platt.
"Would General Greene be willing to run
if he should be named?"
. "Of course he would," said Senator
Platt. •
Should Governor Roosevelt's name not
be put forward. General Francis V.
Greene may be the New York candidate.
Governor Roosevelt has Senator Platt's
promise that he will not be made the can
didate of a caucus of the New York dele
gates. Though it is generally conceded
that this State can have the second place
on the ticket, there is no certainty that
the delegation will name any candidate.
It' may refuse to agree upon a name. *> In
such an event the representatives of New
York in the convention could hardly avoid
voting for Roosevelt should he be placed
In nomination by some other State.
"All 1 know about the situation is that
Governor Roosevelt says he will not take
the nomination," said Senator Plan to
night.
NEW YORK, June 9.— On the eve of the
meeting- of the Republican National Con
vention there Is a revival among Repub
lican leaders of tne belief that Governor
Theodore Roosevelt will be asked by the
delegates assembled In Philadelphia to ac
cept the nomination for the Vice Presi
dency and that he will not refuse. De
spite his repeated declaration that he doe3
not want the nomination, he remains
most conspicuous and by general consent
the strongest candidate whose name has
been mentioned.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
ROOSEVELT'S
NAME IS AGAIN
BEING MENTIONED
Now, according to treaty, foreign mer
chandise is allowed, by paying an extra
duty at the port of entry, to passuntaxed
from the port of entry to Its final destina
tion. Chinese officials are constantly in
fringing these treaty rights, and so slow
is the diplomatic machinery of redress
that merchants prefer to submit to indi
vidual losses. The abuses of the treaty
regulations in regard to the "likln" taxes
in a great measure diminishes the profits
on trade and discourages merchants.
A further nnd great danger to foreign
trade lies in the Instability of the central
Government and the constant "uprisings
and revolts which the Chinese police and
army ore either unable or unwilling to
suppress promptly. The present hostility
of the Government to foreigners accent
uates the difficulty of developing the Chi
nese market by any other process but
slow wringing of privileges by diplomatic
agents from the unwilling Manchu dy
nasty. If this process is found too slow
for the growing desires of foreigners for
Asiatic commerce, then we may expect the
disruption of China into "spheres of influ
ence, and the predictions are that such
a division would inevitably lead to a great
international war.
Certain dangers Interfere with such a
trade development. In China commerce
and politics are Inextricably interwoven.
According- to the treaties with China, for
eign merchants cannot live in the interior
of the country. All goods therefore pass
from treaty ports directly into the hands
of the Chinese. This would offer no dan
ger to foreign trade were It not for the
"octroi," or "llkln," system under which
China suffers, and the Insufferable greed
of officials. The "llkin" tax is a tax on
goods In transit from the port of entry to
their final destination. It is the most ir
regular and unjust of all Chinese trade
regulations, because it differs In different
parts of China with the Individual greed
of local officials.
Political Obstacles to Trade.
The conclusion that forces itself upon
the observer Is that American commerce
has a tremendous opportunity, in Cathay,
provided the Americanfmerchant throws
himself into the business with -the same
vigor and enterprise which he shows at
home. ¦ *
lean labor. In China they have to employ
three women for one frame of spindles,
whereas with us one man tends to half
a dozen frames. The wages of one Chi
nese woman may only be 26 cents, aa com
pared to the two or three dollars Of the
American workman, but the fifteen
women required to run six spindles will
draw $4.50 wages.
The Chinese buy this yearn and manu
facture their own cloth. They will not
buy the broad width made by foreigners.
English manufacturers refuse to make
the narrow widths, which would sell In
the Chinese market, on account of the ex
tra expense Involved In setting up new
machinery. It is reported here that next
year certain American manufacturers are
going to make the narrow width of cloth
especially for the Chinese market. If this
be true it shows a new and commendable
enterprise of, our merchants In the East.
In the northern portion of China our
Consuls complain that our merchants are
not so eager to get the China trade that
they are willing to put up their goods in
such packages as the Chinese piece mer
chants desire.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900
Enough. Haw Jute Now on Hand to
Bun the Mill Until Next
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL,, June 9.— The State
Board of Prison Directors held Its regular
monthly meeting at San Quentin to-day.
The principal business transacted was the
acceptance of bids for furnishing supplies
to the prison for the ensuing year. .
There were a great many blda and the
work of the session was not completed.
The contract for furnishing photographic
supplies to the prison was given to Hirsch
& Keiser. Contracts for -groceries and
provisions were - divided between' Mau,
Sadler & Co., H. Levl & Co. and Well
man, Peck & Co. The Golden Eagle Mill
ing Company secured contracts to furnish
bran, barley, wheat ahd oat hay, the lat>
ter being for the delivery of 100' tons at
$8 50 a ton and of No. 1 San Francisco
Produce Exchange standard. Murphy
Grant & Co. secured the dry goods con
tract, the Anglo-American Crockery and
Tea Company was awarded the crockery
and frlass contract, and the oil and paint
bid of W, P. Fuller was accepted.
The coal contract whs not entered Into
becuuse most of the bids were for the fur
nishing of coal, tests of which had never
been made. The board therefore delayed
action on the matter and directed that
small quantities of the new coals be
bought and tested. Warden Aguirre re
ported that a British ship had? arrived
from Calcutta with a cargo of raw Jute.
This, with what Is on hand, will run the
Jute mill until February of next year.
CONTRACTS AWARDED BY
STATE PRISON DIRECTORS
16
I EMBROIDERY ALL-OVERS 25c YARD. I
** ____________ Without doubt the most phenomenal Embroidery Offering that ¦ •'• — — —
* no™ Bones- the kind has cver bccn P re£cnted commences here to-morrow. Not until you quaUty aoaWft face( , ;?
d h o"nrik*/7 i^nS have Personally inspected the goods will you fully realize their intrin- J^aioSJjJia"^ *
J+ * • Co dozen s i c value and the importance of this splendid offering. Nearsllk Skirt Lining; *&
4* Bone casins: w yards Pure Linen Embroidery A //-Overs, -.in dainty and pretty de- p 3 r ett? c^oTor9 W of e car- . ?£
]k or^.^scV^e si S^ s . so appropriate for yokings, waists and children's dresses; 900 • %>
** c:.__i^ t*_ «... ... pieces in all, closed out from the manufacturer at such an exceeding- ror Monday. .Oc yard
Stockinet Thrert Rhlrld*. * ' & ¦¦•¦;*. ., , ,. • +Gm
T klnd 6 .^.'..^^ pafr '* l0W P™ 6 " CnaWeS US tO ° ffcr J '° U regUhr 8 5 C A T "iS'S b«t?So 'piper T
«g4 " and $1.00 embroidery at this exceptional price. Your '^%|*|_
'choice. Yard ~* <*JKS *£>
EXTRA W'th the above marvelous values we place on sale 5000 yards exquisite embroid- tT
cry in edgings and insertions, direct from St. Gall; the most beautiful patterns ever -| |T" -^ >y
JS+ SPECIAL, received; regularly they would sell at 25c yard. For a special your choice of the I J^)C/ I &
!^ entire lot Yard A
I BUCK CHEVIOTS ON SPECIAL SALE, $1.10 BLACK TAFFETA M ?Z2$ZX D 85c YARD *
». $1.00 Cheviot For Monday an! Tuesday — 46-Inch "extra You can always depend upon getting just what we tell you. £9^
,. •""" heavy Black Cheviot; warranted pure Wool; Acaln to-morrow we place before you one of our famous Tafteta
_. O/C Yard. already sponged and shrunk; very CiT f Silk bargains. ; ,, &L
•«5* exceptional. On eale Yard O(v 1200 yards 21-lnch, splendid quality, brilliant black rustling *y
T* Taffeta Silk; the kind you can well use for Dreases, Pet- OCJc ««
J£j. ticoats and Waists. On special sale at , *j.
*• C 'mil/vita Fnulnr>rl* Our collection of high-luster Silk Foil- —
A* SI 25 Cheviot Toa ™» »** this cloth In order to better «p- CXqUISITO rouiaras larde ls uns urDa8sed anywhere for vari-
~ Xrt Vr V j"' ui predate this offer. It ls £2 Inches wide. 85c Yard <*>' ot designs and colorings; the values ._
JSt *9C Yard. strictly all wool, beautifully dyed; from the v ' positively the best; exclusive designs;
4P looms of Bradford's leading mills: 7Q« plenty of National Blue. Old Rose. Grays. Browns. Violet and ;*
9\ worth Jl *5 yard. Special Yard 1 UC Black and White. +^
£ .A. W H I'XMiJ GOODS SATiE. A.
"*; To-morrow morning we begin a very special sale of \yHITE GOODS. Every woman who reads —
*C* this announcement will be intensely interested, for not only do we promise you a saving of one-third, but
¦^4 oor offering embraces this season's best materials, such as White Organdy, India Linon, Nainsooks,
J£t Dimities, Lawns and many other prominent weaves. "^
*Qf TARD— L*c« Striped Lawm; the QQr» YARI>-$S-lnch White Orsrandy; a %Or* TARD— White Nainsook; a cloth $2,
*/V rtpu'.ar J5c quality; several etyles O^W saving of ISc on every yard, for it l^w well worth 20c. Sale price. xZc £
>» to choose from; Frlendld value. usually tells at 50c. a yard. 4^»
*? 1Or> VAnrv- PaUn Striped Dimities; a st G ~ YARD— The very best 6S-!nch „ , ZI
o<>o l^V* pretty. fhe»-r quality; regular value T-OC French Organdy; the 65c quality. EXTRA SPECIAL. ???
~ 20c. fn^tal. I2e yarJ. I During this Eale. 4Se yard. t/l/n ¦ j!
~& lAf TABD^inflil Unon: very excep- i A,, YARD-India Unon; a most favorite For a special "^"^^"VtWs sale our
*. ir>C tional quality; always sells at lie. J oC cloth for Children's Dresses; very Goods "shoppers we offer during this sale our o,
t* fl-cia.. ICo yard. J 8nee r ; cannot be duplicated urider *c yard. Z
"5"5- i no Ann t'/tou rnnno l/AI IICO Klue. Nile. Uavenaer, Scarlet, Yel- lAr* TST
J LADIES' FURNISHINGS. \ GRAND WASH GOODS VALUES. i ow and mack.., Yard I'r^
*£ OO- /-.. VS7» r i... .„ .-1-I The interest grows as this noteworthy sale i/cii/CT DID OHM QDCPIAI C **
Si HOC for rr.S\£}f £„??*< pwnrtMW Iwcau-e the values are Indeed VELVET HIOBUN brtUIALli. -»
£1 in P*H : rnn1* Wies" Skirt" m*de extraordinary. For this week: La Bt wee k the Ribbon Department did a
£ tl.ZU rett. COatS. ]£*** f *nc? £X!i French C hollies Daintiest and most wonderful business - made thousands of /*
"gfr Near Silk, with a deep accord'on-plaited n ' "'' u '" co charming design? and friends. More trade winners th:e week:
-. flounce, freclal, OSc each. JOC Yard. gllJ{ Stripes; Ideal for £v YARD— nest quality No. 3 Black /I
T* .« en ot- ± «/ • , 1... u , mountain and sea- tFC Satin-back Velvet Ribbon. Regular TT
*T $1.50 Shirt Waists ~he choicest shore wtar; would be extra value at 50c. value 12»sC yard. £»
"*& Fnr QRr Enrh B^ason^tn^hite^t Irish Dimities W * wl " show to-morrow . « YARD- Best quality Xo. 5 Black
£ tOrVHCtaCn. 6 tyf es mlnutac- '"*"j'" B * new designs and new col- 1 I C Satin-back Velvet Ribbon. Regular >,
«£ tured by -Stanley" and "M^uUe" All /0c Yard. orlnira of .thl. % Try sheer value 15c yard. ; *T
II DO values for l)Se fabric; you pay 15c for it
JSl *¦¦¦¦¦¦-••• elsewhere, and for some of the designs 20c. n'Jll nDCN'Q Of)~ IMSP 1?r* PAIR ?**
** White Petticoats Beautiful open-effect | 5Qc p, auQ This is truly an ama2in K of- CrilLUHtli i j!UC HUZt IJC fAIH *
J£* .7 i» rc l Embroidery and ! OUC r "J U0 fer. yet that is just what you For Monday's economical shoppers — 65 i^.
*? 57.00 taCn. "Fruit" Muslin have i 9Qc Yard may expect here this week; dozen Children's extra heavy fast black •*
•• been used for th<>se \ , charming colors of LtKht Cotton Hose; double poles and high spliced t^
Fkirtf; pxtn». length and width; with a wide | Blue Pink. Lavender, Red and New Blue heels and toes; sizes 5 to S\i. Spe- | Q/-»
j^ i^pantyh Counce. On sale tot Monday. « Stripes, in the best 50c quality. cial at Pair 1C»W
CHOICE NOVELTY SILKS FOR WAISTS AT HALF PRICE. ?£
% Silk buyers will this week reap a harvest of unusual values. Through the continuous large " sales of $L
T? Fancy Silks we find ourselves with an accumulation of about 200 short but desirable lengths of silks, meas- ;*
«£* uring from zVa to 4 yards each. Thev represent the choicest of this season's best-selling styles, such as Satin >§»
j~ Striped Taffeta. Printed Warp Taffeta. Pompadour Fancies, Plisses and Lace Striped Taffeta. Every yard in
"Z? this collection has been selling from $1.25, $1.50 to $2.00. To close them out quickly we offer the entire lot. £
* --™r choice $3.65 CaCh Length. Actually worth from $d.oo to $&«.. 5T
*± *5»
*• . . COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 1 ucuu Ui , e . &3L
•• I C At At C P / A /TO **%
4 Quart Bottles, $3?o
Express Charces Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICTCAI, OR
family use. We give you the benefit of th»
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
[pg|? PURE WHISKEY -^B@
Nothlr.s on case to Indicate content!. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice the prtc»
coulu buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F, EPHRAIM & CO.. Distillers' Amenta.
18 <Montgom:ry 6t.. S- F.. Cat.
Sole Aftents French Colony Vineyard Co., lac
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
l/DfirU Were auccessful at Norn* last
ftrVvJOiJ >"*•«¦• All cthera failed. la opera.
tlon dally. 9 Stevenson St.. 3. T.
SAND CESTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Iiri/Cn\J Gold dredging pumps, the only
.1 ALl\ jlJli successful pump manufactured.
tfHVlt «25 SUth «t.. San Francisco.
PORTABLE r.OUSES.
BURNHAM-STAXDEFORD CO.. Wasa!n*to*
and 1st its.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 3. S".
¦
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO , ,gSJ"*
men!
W/HO S
ARE •
AFFLICTED |
M2y test our treatment before o
they pay us any money. No q
other doctors have sufficient con- 0
fidence in their methods to ac- •
tually undertake a cure on these •
conditions.
Better Than a Written Guarantee. •
The price of a cure, which is ©
always reasonable, may be placed «»
in any San Francisco bank, to be O
returned to the patient if a cure ®
is not effected, or may be paid •
monthly. a
We could not afford to do busi- o
ness on this plan unless we knew g
from ACTUAL EXPERIENCE #
that we can cure any case we un- •
dertake. •
WsGureths Following Aliments: ©
Private Diseases Lost Manhood 5
Kidney Diseases . Sleeplessness 9
Bladder Diseases Nenous Debility A
Varicocele Oeneral Debility X
Heart Diseases Itupture **
Spine Diseases Blood Poison ©
We restore all patients as ®
quickly as is consistent with a 2
permanent cure. We never use 9
remedies that leave any injurious 9
effects on the system, and avoid O
unnatural stimulants. electric •
belts or anything else of a dan- •
gerous nature. **
We furnish all necessary reme- 2
dies and appliances free to pa- q
tier.ts. &
Home Cores. Free Book for Men. 2
Thousands of men are cured at •
home every year. If you cannot g
visit San Francisco, write for free 5
private book, advice, question list, o
etc. All correspondence confiden- 9
tial. •
HO A MARKET STREET, S
lOl SAN FRANCISCO. ®
Elector *g&tf..gl &
Entrance. SfiS&i*! J
ADVICE flND CONSULTATION FREE. •
Spesiiliits — Establiaiei Xe&xly 20 Teirs. ©
• , GOING T\ g-^TpTv l^j^^ /vfc ¥1^ *3 §
i m •To, i .v iHL * -"-^ l^lvJ>iVlLJi2rf • S
9 ¦ • \ V e * a •^ c^ au Shln l Electric Belt. It will be your safeguard, your best remedy when sick. Men #
a /£&&&. \ \ ' W^° have my Belt wouldn't part with it for the biggest nugget in Alaska. It is different from, •
® /f&^vtb. V 1 a11 other be l ts - It never bums. Debility, Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble, Stomach or Nervous J
• '"*•*'>! wSJ*^® hJL i / weakness will drag down the life. To relieve disease and drive it clean out, is the grand work: q
® *x • V ~ \ •* ' X& <*S*g» \ I ' • cf electricity. My ©
1 Dn McLaughlin's Electric Belt I
% , Restore3 the Kidn3/3 ! m > !J ? to fl 8 ™s ! Streatt&Bis tlia Uoschs ! Vila'izes tb] Blood ! 2
• lIlRSSzZPX^ t^SffWl^WKS/l^^^^m ° UreS weakn ess and carries you on to a good long life. What a world of beauty there is o
• l\i^^^^^^^^^i///^ ;^^^i ™ a , life of strength! How bright everything is to a well man! lean cure your Pain in tha •
0 l&J«^S^MWHS^#^r3^ Back your Rheumatism, Vnricocele. Lost Vigor or other ailment. My Belt will pour electric- •
1 lty +^ t0 y ° U f ° r h0Urs at a time ; tben y° u a « refreshed, you are invig- SE , D r:R TO g
<& ¦^-^^^^^^^^WM^^^^ orated, your spark of life blazes out into full vitality and courage. A o
g mnn values the Power which pulls^him thro' and isn't afraid to say so. f=^=^^^ r '?K tt
® ' SHOT ' wH l su " ered from weakness, the result of amputation of rry left arm. I had already u?ert SS^V^TTte&ik'.m O
© yPzF UfeSSfi f R0 : caIled " mode l" belt. "Sanden," I hHleve. but with no Koo.i effects. I have derived A
© \i&,\ <&XA inestimable benefit from your Dr. McLau K hlln appliance. Mlnr is a peculiar case— that of BS^Ci'i^^^Sws--'4\ A
Q UggSt V^Sa l retalnlnB the nerve-brain sensation of the very arm which was cut ofT. after having g £>Baffi«^€^^ \ ,'^ £
0 - — JaSWJBL»^s=y— L^^pw JLIjL* 111* A« 111 Qm 1 4Rllff.il i.lH. Eardick Block, nr. 3jring ani 3e:sa*i NSUmlimbMll; j \ £
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISE3EEENT3.HAVANA. June 3.— Colonel Richards,
who has been adjutant general here since
the beginning of th\ occupation, has late
]v shown signs of overwork. Oox-ernor
(ieueral Wood has urjred him to take a.
trip north and he will leave to-morrow by
the transport Sedgwick. accompanied by.
his wife and daughter, who will remain in
the United States during the summer.
Ovsi vrorked in Cuba.
The decision was rendered in the case
of the Victoria Zinc Mining Company oi
Oronogo, Mo. After this company had
installed a new mill" costing $72,000. the
machinery contractors becoming its pre
ferred creditors, other creditors attempt
ed to force the company into bankruptcy
end defeated tho preferred claims of the
machinery men.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 9.— A prece
dent In UacXruptcy proceedings was es
tablished in the Federal Court here to
day when Judge Corland ruled that com
panies engaged principally In mining
nre> r*ot subject to the la.w. inasmuch as
they are nut "engaged principally In man
ufaeturinp. publishing, trading or mer
cantile pursuits." as a section of the law
provides must be the occupation of per
sons, companies or corporations to be
subject to bankruptcy proceeding*.
pederal Judg^ Holds Tnat Mining
Companies Do Not Come "Within
the Act.
NOT SUBJECT TO THE
BANKRUPTCY LAWS
Pledges Heretofore Given to Maintain
Passenger and Freight Rates to
Be Kept.
NEW YORK, June 9. — The conference of
the executive officers in the Western,
Northwestern and transcontinental rail
roads, which was in session all day yes
terday, adjourned shortly after noon to
day to meet again in Chicaso June 19.
The committee appointed at yesterday's
conference to consider passenger rates
and freight rates reported lo the general
conference to-day. At the adjournment
the president. K. T. Jeffrey, made this
statement of the work of the conference:
"The committee recommended that four
committees of executive officers be organ
ized, each to have jurisdiction within cer
tain boundaries to be defined later. These
committees are to report to the general
conference when It reconvenes in Chicago
on June 19. The committees are: The
Kansas City committee— Chairman, Presi
dent Felton of the Chicago and Alton;
the Omaha and Sioux City committee —
Chairman, Vice President A. C. Bird of
the Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul; the
St." Louis 'committee— Chairman,' B. ; F.'
Yoakum of the St. Louis and San Fran
cisco; the St. Paul and Minneapolis com-
CONFERENCE OF RAILWAY
OFFICIALS HAS ADJOURNED
¦The Sunday • end holiday closing
question has been agitated among
the merchants here for: "some.; time,
but no definite action pro or. con
could.- be elicited v from rany-of ;;them
until last Christmas, when all the promi
nent business houses agreed to close from
MONTEREY, June 9.— Last Sunday for,
the first time in the past twenty years
the stores, barber shops and all the places
of business In this city observed the day
by closing their doors for the entire day.
and the town presented an appearance; of
quietude so rarely seen that It was re
markable. , ¦ ¦»'•;/.
Monterey Merchants Agree to Close
Their Doors During the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUNDAY 'OBSERVED.
Replying to a question, he said that the
ultimatum of the Canadian Pacific < had
been referred to a committee, which' had
succeeded in adjusting all difficulties.
mlttee— Chairman, Vice President Clark
of the Omaha Railroad. The entire ses
sion of the conference has been harmo
nious and no serious differences have de
veloped. When the adjournment was
taken It was the general impression that
the pledges heretofore given to maintain
publish*! tariff rates and to conform to
lawful methods in the conduct of traffic
¦will be. continued."
Disastrous Accident Occurs in a
Sawmill in Mich
igan.
' TRAVERSE CITY, Mich., June 9.— The
boiler in Charles F. Reed's sawmill, five
miles west of Fife Lake, exploded to-day,
killing three men and injuring ten others.
The explosion occurred 'just as the em
ployes were about to begin work. The
engineer had left the engine and A. J.
Cole, had taken his place. Cole was lit
erally blown to pieces. M. S. Smith and
another man, whose name has not yet
been learned, died soon after from the In-
Juries received. The mill was completely
wrecked. .
Death of Mrs. E. T. Hurlbut.
PASADENA. June 9.— Mrs. E. F. Hurl
but, widow of . the late E. F. . Hurlbut,
the Chicago millionaire manufacturer,
died to-day at her. residence ,on Orange
Grove avenue. Her death was very sud
den. Mrs: Fred E. Wllcox, an only
daughter, survives her.
Desperadoes Still at Large.
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 9.— Tho four
THREE MEN ARE KILLED
BY BOILER EXPLOSION
Mexicans who held up W. H. Rice, a pros
pector, and later murdered Olsen and
Stewart, storekeepers at New River sta
tion, on Thursday are still at large. The
Mexicans are survivors of a gang of nine
desperadoes and outlaws who infested
Northeast Arizona for years. The other
five were killed by skirmishes with of
ficers. _ - . .
AUDITOR FOR SANTA CLARA.
Supervisors Powerless at Present to
Make an Appointment.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
SAN JOSE. June 9.— Just at present
Santa Clara County is without an Auditor,
and politicians are on the anxious seat in
regard to I Morrison's resignation and the
naming of his successor. Thomas B*. Mor
riscn, who was appointed to nil the va
cancy caused by the death of Al Veuve, is
now far out on the ocean, speeding toward
Manila, where he has a Government ap
pointment as auditor in the postal depart
ment. His departure was rather sudden,
and he failed to hand in his resignation to
the Board of Supervisors.
Before departing, however. Morrison
named C. A. Barker, the coal dealer, as
deputy, and he Is now in charge of the
office. Barker is said to be slated for the
place. The general impression was that
Morrison had left a resignation behind
him, but any such document has failed to
12 to. 6 p. m. On Washington's birthday
the same agreement was entered Into,
more houses participating, and finally all
except two of the , merchants have beep
Induced' to sign, an agreement to close
their places of business weekly from Sat
urday night to Monday morning on pen
alty of a heavy fine If the agreement. is
violated. The agreement is entirely vol
untary on the part' of the signers, and
there is no question of municipal or State
law Involved. "
SMALLPOX IN SACRAMENTO.
Once Isolated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Case Discovered, Which Is at
SACRAMENTO. June 9.-About two
weeks ago a harnessmaker named Win
ters came there from Portland. Ore., and
entered; the employment of A. . A. Van
Voorhles i> & Co. He became HI Jand the
other day showed up for worfti'wlth a
fever and a rash which appeared over his
face. He was. removed to the County
Hospital; where to-night physicians after
a careful. examination announced that it
was a clear case of smallpox.
The patient has been removed to the
Pesthouse.; Although the. other employes
in the- harness factory- were exposed, %o
cases i of 'sickness • have .occurred '.among
them.' It Is believed that Winters brought
the disease from the . north.
Pioneers May Lease th© Historic
TO SAVE THE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Building in Monterey.
Ep»r-!a3 TJiynatrh to The Call.
MONTKREY. June ?.— The effort to se
cure Government aid In the plan of turn
ing Monterey's historic old Custom-house
Into a museum of California history which
has been made during' the present Con-
BTess by the California delegation In
Washington has met with no encourage
ment, and the promoters of the plan feel
that for the present at least the matter
must be abandoned. Representative
Kahn pr*-^cr.ted the matter to the Treas
ury Department and received in reply a
(statement to this effect: The appropria
tion under the control of the department
for the preservation and repair of public
J>uilding:s is so Email that it is found nec
¦ «»ssary to devote the fund exclusively to
the care of buildings now In use for Gov
, crr.rnent business, and that as the Monte
: rey Custom-house has not been used for
public business Fince the discontinuance
-of Monterey as a port of entry no portion
sof this fund could be devoted to putting
The building into the proper condition for
use as a historical museum. Further,
that the department h_> no authority to i
/dedicate the Custom-house to the use de- j
i eired. but it is probable a proposition to I
lease The building for a term of years at j
a nominal rental— subject always to the |
Government's demand for possession In
case of need for public uses— would be fa
.-vorably considered If the persons making
surh a proposition were responsible a.nd
would ur.certake to keep the property in
suitable repair.
There is preat disappointment here over
the outcome of this matter and it Is be-
J'eved an effort will be at once made un
der the auspices of the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers to lease the Custom-house
and flt it up as a museum of California
history.
Declares He Took No Active Interest
i_ the Management _ad Knew
of No Special Priv
ileges.
NEW YORK. June S.-Mayor Van Wyck
xrzs called to the witness chair to-day In
the proceedings against tbe Mayor, the
Pock Commissioners and Charles W.
Morsa. president of the American Ice
Company, which were begun some time
*_po b«fore Supreme Court Justice Gay
r.or In Erooklya. These proceedings are
designed to ehow what. If any connection
exists between certain city officials and
the ice company.
The Mayor testified that be owned 4200
6__es of the block or the American Ice
Corcpany, whiclj he had obtained from
President Morse, some of It in exchange
for E_ck in the Knickerbocker Ice Com
pary of Maine.
"Did you purchase all this stock subse
quently to becoming Mayor of th© city?"
.Mr. Vaii Wyck was asked.
"I did."
"Why did you purchase stock In the
Knickerbocker Company?"
"Because it was paying 4 per cent on
common aad. 6 per tent oa preferred
stock."
When he made the purchase he did not
know that the American Ice Company in
tended to Co business In New York City.
He had paid for his stock with a check
en the Oarrield National Bank and bor
rowed 75 per cent of the purchase money.
"When vou made the purchase It was
agreed tt_t you should borrow from the
•bank?"
"It was."
"Was there asy guarantee to protect
you against, less on that stock?"
"Have you paid back the bank?"
••1 have."
"Are you accustomed to such large fl
nanciaJ transactions?"
"1 an."
Fcr the money borrowed the Mayor
F_d he gave four, live aud elx months'
iiotes. lie has paid two notes for $76,uu0
rach, and yesterday paid one cash note
for SaO.tfOO. Continuing, the Mayor said:
"The Interest on me notes was 6 per
cer.t. When 1 made the renewal of the
rote the block of siock was worth JSl.uOO.
but I ecld it yesterday for Jtss.iwO. The
not© called for 575.000. so I lost $7000. I
took no aciive iuterest in the American
Jce Company. I never knew anything
of its management. 1 never knew that
ihe American Jce Company was to have
any monopoly oi the ice business of tha
<itv. I never knew they had any leases.
1 never knew that the ice company stated
to the Stock Exchange that it had a con
tract for eleven aocks in this city.
Dock Commissioner Cram said he had
received 3W shares o£ common stock of the
Knickerbocker Company aa a bonus. He
declared that he had soid all of his stock
in October. 2ST<*. l>ecaur-e he thought tha
matter might come before him in his of
ticial capacny.
"What leases wore made by the Consol
idated Ice Company while you were hold
ing ice stock?"
"We received application for six piers
and I struck out one. then srnt the appli
cation to the treasurer. He struck out
another. Finally v.c made a lease for four
Dock Commissioner Charles F.. Murphy
paid his rpafon for buying s=toc»c in the
Knickerbocker Company was because a
man had eupgeptod suoh a course, it had
never come to him that there was an ob- i
Section against any city official holding
American ice stock. H*» got rid of it in
March. IS09. He got ?11.<X») for it. Murphy's
investment in the stock was J10.000.
Vice President John E. Schoomacher of
the American lc<? Company said he had no
personal knov.ledge that the Ice trust fur
nished ice to the city. He only knew the
Mayor by Bight; and kr.etf- Carroll only
Eligntly. The price of ice was advanced
f'om 20 to CO cents because of a short sup
ply.
Mr. Perkham took the examination of
John F. <'arroll in hand personally. Car
in'.l confessed to interest in both the Con
solidated and Knickerbocker companies.
He subscribed for $20.(K» worth of stock
in the Consolidate.?. He paid for It by
check. He had $35,000 worth of stock in
the Knickerbocker Company. He held a
Kook of 2LO0 preferred and a bonus of 2T.00
common In the American Ice Corv'v.
He never knew how much Btor *«»
Mayor held until to-day. Mr. Carro: M
he paid for the block of stock by n in-»rt
pace of $1S.5OO, raised on reaJty belonging
to him.
Adjournment was taken until next Sat
urday.
Tells of His Dealing in Stock
of the American Ice
Company.
MAYOR OF NEW
YORK CULLED TO
WITNESS STAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SU_TDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
find Its way Into the hands of the Super
j Under the law the Supervisor* cannot
declare an office vacant until the holder
has been absent from the State tor sixty
days, and some are declaring that Morri
son will take the full- time and at the^nd
frcm Ma^la ma " h!s resl S n a«oa
Railroad Man Eesigns.
DENVER, June 9.— A special to the
>.ev3 from Laramie, Wyo.. says: Assist
ant Superimfcndcnt J. W. Hay of tho
l.nton Pacific has resigned. The report to
this effect was confirmed by Chief Dis
patcher A. J. Boles. Mr. Boips would not
confirm the rumor that he was to succeed
Mr. Hay.
Invitation to McXinley.
WASHINGTON, June 9.—Representa
tive Ixmg of Kansas to-day extended to
the President an Invitation to visit
Wichita. Kansas, on October 1. A biff re
union of veterans of the Civil War is to
be held at that. time. The President said
that he could not now make promises.
Jockey Crocker Killed.
HAMILTON. Ohio. June 9.— While exer-
HsinK the horse Sir Wilfrid over the.
jumps at the Jockey Clut> track here to
day, Crocker, the jockey, fell off and
landed on his head, breaking hlsi neck.
He was dead when picked up. Crocker
waa a well-known steeplechase, rider.
17
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE ZMPOBIXTM.
THE E__?OBIU_C.
¦T~ __TFO_XTJ_L
Seven Sutherland Sisters' Hair Restorer — Demonstrated by Long- Haired Ladies — In T^piunda.
<£? WS^^P M^^^w^^C^^^^ f?P^ Goods accurately advertised , promises all performed, no transaction considered com-
<£? S§SS^*|? jl^£ __^*i {Men's P^ e t e * n /#5 s^ ore un^ 1 " cus^mer is thoroughly satisfied. The WlaiE Order Bepart-
'MJ^^^ZJ \h/+JU] \ *-**~~~ $i"> ro iriBiat is completely organised for prompt and reliable summ&r service* Send
£ IS _SPhk %^s$?yLjJ^ /M^!^MijM^\ an 'd ty our lar^ e £ eneral ca^ alo i ue an d special catalogues of Books, Music, Baby Carriages and
mf^S^Al^m *'&*> Manufacturer's Sample Line Neckwear.
Jf/r J i^ $99S . To-Morrow and Until Sold, Half Regular Prices.
US* V-'Ob- 't J YsST /raQJ~-tE/i/ft| j> _3_T4_ -*_$/____ t&ffSm \ Positively the greatest Neckwear Sale of the Y^J, «(ffcj 25c Neckwear for 12ic
*£^v? / ,1 \* ///Ml' I " 7 ear ' A prominent mannfacturer's sample line st-*% < *»-*B? L'^'^.i 50c Neckwrar for 25c
MM I \\ L\ IW Bib Overall as shown in illustration at top of ¦.,.., e xt i/ •- V-7 • V^L M <1 00 Neckwear for en,.
ig§|§[ » I III Hi /W $\1*li\ : *vii|- 1 this page, made of a good quality of brown of ladies' Summer Neckwear, comprising more j&^ -^^W S$*T lor ws
f__fN /// -'' KClf^&V <^===^ duc ?' « U3 P e^ r attachment \vith slide > and tha n 800 styles of this Beason's novelties ' fa- -jfg* 1^ Mfo U' 00 SckwS for i/flfl
-g<S3 <i Hi - I •* j «\ n ¦ \*r l \- - _J^~ . (2% hookthat will not scratch or te^r, riveted but- QsH* / M*\ JtS^'-P " >ec«.wear lor Sf»UU
¦ ; kESS&*~ZF-—^} ft \ r *W tons clothes saving, comfortable overalls, wash and silk Neckwear of all kind3—Jabot8, Cggg 7lif/iti% __/"' I i $3.00 Neckwear for SI. SO
f5" l UH9 /' fiS*/^ntW(\ *72>4 // Tanious ««• and lengtta, to-mor. - _ stock Coll.is, Blonsej, Neck Rrfi Scarfs, etc *&[ .'&&& J&7$ H CO Neckwear for H'oa
j^Jg^*^./jl \V^° f ' ' Third Alsle-Rlght of Entrance. Regular PrlCOS. $7.50 Neckwear for $3.7$
Wmr/f V iV I ' Senssstiessd^S F®ial&B*i$ Silk OffBMntjm * Wash BraiMs
mf /Hi d I V v 7ne §1'®® ansS $1-25 Grades for 72c a yard* ¦ 1-41 Off*
\ h L v Xst An immense assortment of new styles and colors in highly finished, S__K
fine twilled, silk foulard, pretty shades of navy, brown, green, royal, gray, JSiS^ 1^^
w& J£LJ$&' old rose and purple, also a few foulards with white grounds and colored figure, the beautiful silks that day pri JJ are f JJ m s " t0 7^ e^2
« - /** b we h m l ve been seIlin S regularly all season at $i oo and .JS1.2? per yard, will be offered at special y^ KJ!^.^^ifa3;
SpeCta* Saffe sale Monday only (and probdhlv never again such a chance) — per yard '_r_E.B_* n a m Aisie,
_._5---.. _, At Counters ln*Main Aisle Near Entrance. ¦ .- ¦ ---.- : "- ¦ ; o/fiMfC/f^V Bia\f&ltiG<S m
Self-Ughting Burners* — —— m . .. „ ; zr^ _£ — Z T~l~ _^ a _^ - m _» F^ wwi.§ry nuvciwies.
The manufacturers of Tr^/WWJ90f HatS— BQ® H©fe_*©5# B^SS ixOOSSS &f®&&3&2 4$^-0 <23^ " Mi^'^'^
f E-5_:S c/ — %», AnoIher^/^ s f^f^J c t r^ wa no f S^te, Cases ®
M$. big store to sell 1000 S * lX ? . f °f ,. aU . th 5 AnOiner & Tea * V^ ,, UOOa S 10 morrOW ail OI To _ morroWf Mondav onl we p i aca on /&% IB nrg as shown fa
*f_ij mere of them at the J-SSsSK \ C -t5 ln , lad J e ? an J OUr plain all- WOOl ChailieS, Choice assortment special sale another line cf our well {sE%& MA V^tnxe. in rolled
fl 9 «SHT" T1 of colors, including two shades of gray three shades giSliS Sli-l •^"«'S?"
i'taS-, This is jast half price Tn . mm . e . d - of blue, brown, cardinal ami all the evemag tints, all of our 32- evonly woven> gO od quality sheetin?. x — /.!• »• \ e-lch 5Dc
l !iH'4> for this wonderful lit- 'v^^^p^ Hats, Milan braias p O ]^ a dot stripeil Challies, that make such pretty waists, 6 These remarkable special prices are far /Ju • "\ Lick Buttons, ster-
(tfS&fcx? tle invention that puts ?[Z~W ana colorings, 40-inch colored Alpaca (would make neat and serviceable under the present mill cost of the mater- / U * . \ v! %
W^ Cw?_?h,Ti_£: l£l W^Wff bathing suits) and a 46-inch al^wool storm serge, in all of the T^ s &ZS$R* t &Z2S& VX^l &£&££
cent light. It ia an ife^V Mwme Eluots, standard colorings, a splendid fabric for outing suits _-_^ Bleached Sheets, 72x93 in., each...*S_- V vNaU ' 25c
instantaneous lighter, never fails, p , ... , «»~aned. with and skirt.? ; int ono of these materials worth less than _Mfr - J»^2 Bleached Sheets, Slx9"> in., each.... 54O \J >^4 Waist Seta, cold
always ready, costs nothing to main- Janne silks and velvet;- flowers on vard— the sale Drice for Mondav onlv . . .. Bleached Sheets, 9}x9D in., each....59o ' V Nj P^ed, assorted
tain-you simply have to turn the gas T ba *"T«VV nnp";; - r^ 5 ' Oa bJC * m tne sale P™ e ™ MOnaay only.. ¦ . . . Bleached Gase3, 45x36 in., each lOo designs, 4 buttons
on or off as you would an electric light. Imported $18.00 Pattern Hats now. _-__.__- _^ M^-~,rf &*-***-* £*r* 8m Bleached Cases, 50x36 in., each.-..//*© and 1 pair of ball links 25o
No-Match Gas Lighters to usa with T "" •;"" nV v"ll ••^' U ' au g" @&3lr &&^5__S *&8$eGi233& * An extra quality linen finished dcub'e Hat Pins, extra long enameled ball ton...
Welsbach Mantels also on sal* at Imported $2 3 .00 Pattern Hats now..... „ #_*¦•_: J^ warp sheets for large beds, size 81x90 25O
25G wtVd--?3o:^-and"V3^fp^t^ From the GScak Dept* fe B^e^^l^eggMi^g- SgSiSSSiSSJgf^ls
Lamp Department Main Floor. R^ $15.00 This $25 Tailor Dress Cut to $19.75- Same OJ , _^ Lorgnette or Purse Chains
SnSGial Sale looses, foliages and trimmings all Dress is pictured above with jacket open.) It is all home- 3^. tfUiC*\ m P/lQal 50o to $3*5P
tSZ*-***-** __r««-~f. greatly reduced in price. B pun, has collar of cross-stitched velvet in the new shape, C\ j; (\ f%=* O#*»ir*»c • Steriicff Silver Nethersole Bracelets
BOyS Wash becond Floor. stitched silk straps on all edges and on skirt, allof the now «»{• |'h\ Uii * ___
-SgSjKfejS Champagne, p^^^^|| '^fS |t%
goodi l™fa^ yea/s S«e nt eSusivI 63g Quart* all-wool Serge Cheviot Skirts, with box plait, a beautiful skirt, / j^ f^ Sponge Bags waterproof, checked de-
designs, extra full cnt blouses, hand We have made a large -», better could not be made for twice the price, -. /• 4^ muJI. jnog or || || lL-_ — d|| jj sign, size 7xS inches... ... £5o
laundered collars, in fact as nice wash pnrchase of the genuine fi t^X^^Sh^S^^M^ *S A*l-T« / - Ar and "bit BathlDg ° ap8 ' Pare g ™'
only. $2.00 suits $1.48. $2.50 which we offer Mondav 'iW m all colors and sizes, to-morrow, Q - / \\ l?\x, On -fMir™^Wk sizs with three hard rubber pipes. 75©
Second Aisle-Right of Entrance pnc 9 .Thi3 ia no t a ff$> this season's prettiest etyles, finished with heavy straps and .^~. h A and operating ia Rubber Cushions, best quality-
A Good Need a J °,f^X ?JJ5 f 3 il K M silk lined, a chocolate tan, the newest shade, -- . extremely simple, and cannot possibly 9-inch..5f.4O ll-inch..$J.60
Z^mk i SKrtjSS&ias tsd Tan Shoes for Summer. fig^.._^L_^£^ R^l bcU ' - $e -°°
ia°w_Te Ks i__ "^/^ # dozen quarts t » t = — 3 .--^ . . 6^7 Pl>57 ff*"*BntrSBtc*«z Safety Bags*
rtndkor I\W«S J^ fOf $7.GO '^T^Tl t^k 'A \P^1 V^ ! vSWWeS. ,*S2_-_^ V A for
some if^rfcMr^v M Bourbon Whiskey, Cyrus No- V . °A I J >^»l a /^3v (I Candies made fre3h every day in onr jewelry and
shadv . l\^jvl?4 v io«* ble's, 6 years old, per bottle 79g t>- ti^A^o, *«_—* /SF""^ '•' ffl&fti \ own e^tensiva candy factory on the i\ -r valuables to ba
spot? ¥$i&0*>^ffik Gognaq Brandy, Martell 3 Star. /,g£ fl^^®^ >, I /??M (£>\ '\ /f,W ir \\, premises. Only the best of materials wom by ladies
The bie V^A/V^V^Twfr * the genuine, bottle St. 53 l[W^^i i(r>llfxJ\ ' 'JZ*?'' Y~* ]'] J ?& I Jr' are U3ed and wa guarantee Emporium :Ki; baneath tho
store XHA \ji<kft/ Port or Sherry, full quart bot- l !>Oli *p< HH- A JS^ — >L 4 1& — far? ' Candies to be pure and free from all IfiH-' dres3 skirts-
has the fijWV* tles 2 ?° X^^===y^^</^ adulteration. /l^SJ^.l mad 9 of dark
largest Jj'-'-j; _ Eurko's Stout? the genuine. >_^ a -' -~1 — —^ ' i — ' Finest French Mixed, per lb 35o * jf "'I I *''*' '' colored chamois
!l° Ck -J n f iV-'v- ' -v, M^n 9 Floor-RearV"' $t "" B O y S ' dark Children's Li I tin ladios' Choco- AnnutT-m^'DeY^* 1 ' 00 '* ZS n »1 ' l-d'S k "^
the city of^good looking, serviceable Chocblato color Kid Chocolate color Vici Gents' late color V.ci Kid riS_efand%5tV«n_:"DMft""SS $1.59'&2'
Hmmocks; the cheapest one -and not TOlleft AHlClCS. Lace Shoes, new Kid Lace Sao es, new Chocolate c o 1 o r Lace Shoes, new op- •g^^J^^A^^'^"'^ $2.50 S3
U^^r^ZTol^Zrclt Piver'sLaTr efl aI a c a rnatE X tra C t, Ia test opera toes and kid opera toes and kid Kid Lace Shoes era toes, straight ™£ I" ted 2_ifi r^Tb~:::SS Ladies' Jewel Bag to be JS™_lS
ceafed spreader dimensions of bed Eastern craze, oz \.7So 9 ' n f at an^ tips sprmg heels, with hooks, new kid tips, sewed soles, We put up our fine Candies for country neck-made of chamois skin with
SiSronTZ 75O Glycerine and Cucumber Soap, Cleaver's, dressy and a mar- sewed soles, a shoa modern toes and all 6iz 3 s, a handsome shipment in tin box83 without extrl patent fastener ,25o
Gauz, weav^^colored Hammock wifh imported English, box of .3 cakes S velou,ly good value that tnll stand hard tips, spring heels, dress walking boot ch , H Leather Department-Rotunda.
VJ3UZ-J »m>» cuiuicu nainniotK, wiin r a » o«« at the prices— usage— well made and dur- that cannot ba sur- Main Aisle— Back of Rotunda. _T^ — ~~
Other style, with pillow, spreader and •;..,. , l.^.L.ASo * "* $ '' 3 ° $25 ° NotlONS. . R^
drapery, in Jacquird and Oriental de- Listen ne, genuine Lambert's, 8-oz. bot- ~ f~ > . _ ..: . „ .. . f e3T 7 E ra! , n
wSir^f.-H;^^ 0 .."'.*?-. 0 .? IS22|£==§fe_- I- Vacation Supplies .^J^ Aa* SJSU^S /ff^^*\
$1.50 S2.00 $2.50 20O t-^S. v> - -^ - Tara »OO Vjv\^V\^^^tx frame covered yn l\
Brown'Canvas Hammocks .'.. Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic '-kin "Sap. box Q^. /|» the UfideS^fflUSHn Dep't* Fr^ n 1 ? ath v er » vl Jlv
S2.25.S2.5O of 3 cakes... 4O0 C*^O ' Cotton, a sub- M Xs^m full leather ••'
Second Floor— Front. Eau de Cologne, genuine "4711," 2-oz. <&\? The big Undermuslin Dapartment on the second floor ha3 stitute for siIk, R^/OvVv^il lined, with pocket, patent stays, solid
————————— bottle.. . ' 33c JSifL the many garmonts needed for your vacation comfort and en- black and white c/ /yVv^v 51^ brass lock and trimmings, and strong
G*"nft*l*V PrWPSS Portsmouth Cold Cream,"in tnbeZ.f 5o Joynient. . -500 y a r d t^ English handle—
WI MU6# J M-l M _U_» Portsmouth Smeilinc Sa'.ts travelers' '••!¦';¥ A Tennis Flannel Gowns for camping, cut extra lonsr and full and spool ISO , *'-VV'. 10 \n..i$2.50 lo in.... 53. 75
Thati Jiff* WinnGFSi package ' 20o •'••*: ; \ii : i\ made of good flannel 7Eo and $1.OO Feather Stitched Braids, six yard piece'. n in...$2*75 16 iru... $<G.OO
gnaV M*W~G WWMnnerS* California StrawbeVrV Cream' a h'armless ftiAW Ladies' Bathing Caps..... „....'.. __c and SOo 5o to 2Oc \2\n...$3.OO 17 in..- $4. SO
20 lbs fine Granulated Sugar for.. skin beautifier. laree screw-toD iar v * : TTfT Ladies' Bathin? Slippers 25o and 5Go Machine Needles, all brands and sizes, \Zm...$3.25 18 in.. ..$5.00
$1.00 b ___ \\\ j \ Turkish Bath Set. complete '•.. $6.00 each 2o 14in...#3.5_ l
3 packages «large packages) Vic- Rotunda. ""•" /MA I \ H Babies' Colored Wash Dresses.... ~ SOo Curling Iron3, various styles.SC to 25o First Floor— Xear Elevator. f
tory Mush or Wheatine for 2Bo I//U l^f Children's Gingham Aprons, well made 3So Hair Nets, in all shades Sc,fOo -»_ Mjr _._ # _»^^«^»,
3 lbs fancy Santa Clara Prunes, large w3II!£OS clffjf % (J i\ \-?~\ Overalls for girls 500 Dress Bindings, velveteen, corduroy, brush r/GVuBSS K3OU£Z&*
size, 30 to 40 to the lb, and worth 12c (2 sunns*** '*? -w / \ V'*' Bonnets and Shakers. >. ..25o edge and water-proof, per yarJ Half a dozan new comers during the past
a ib, 3 lbs for 25o **<*in&* ca&UppgieS* , <iJ V^l Jersey Leggins. black or blue 75o 5c to 25c week of which tha reviewera speak
f-Ib packages fancy clean Car- Let us fit you out for your vacation' ' / / \ Girls' Sailor Suits, iioen or pique $1.5O? $2.5O Dress Shields, Stockinet. Cambric coverei highly.^ Note the difference between
rants, Victory brand So with a first-class Camera at a very h**Aj-^. r~^X Ki.t Wash Suits, un to 3-year-old size $1.25 and Silk, all sizes, pair.. lOo to 500 our prices and the publisher's:
5O-ih sack Emporium Flour, moderate price. See the Korona Cam- V*^*^^-^ GirJs' Serviceable Woolen Suits. 52.50 Hose Supporters— Ladies' and Pub. Onr
quality guaranteed to be the best eras before investing, prices from $7.00 f. -<^> Girls' good Wool Jackets, for country wear. $2.05 Children's, button clasp, side ani with rv.i Prices. Price3.
; T5o to $80.00. A high grade Camera at a wp 5^ 3^ Corset Waist3 and Corsets for bicyc. ing and swimming..$f»0</ belt?, per pair l(Sc to $3.25 "Mr. Trunnell," Haina $1.25 $1.OD
7 bars Emporium Savon Soap, no low price is the Bull Pup Korona with T-*^ Dross Linings —Spun glass dress "Judge's Cave," Margaret
better Soqp made, for 25o rectilinear ends, price $12.00. fflSflBBIMWEPSPf^ f_P IS!k/^3ff^^/'^'^k _^_V _il S W& _S linings, that look like taffeta silk and Sydney 1.50 1,20
12 pp.cksgGS Cudahy's Pyramid A good Dry Plato that will Hf 8 _l_Pil*^^^ _S IH m W&iJwi wear much betteI V SR inche3 wide> "The Pacing of Thomas,"
Soan Powder for 25o priva you briiliant negativ23 is the W*t} fill fcH Ph hW^ B&l «?|J^l|g*§\^ ru Wc!tt§£?4 black and all colors, per yard....25<? Janvier 1.25 1.OO
1- £3 tits Armour's Sliced Breakfast Standard — v§!& i§?^ * B* *H BS^gjy to [g^^^OT Mercerized Sateens. 36 inches wide, hiack "Near the Throne," Tho-
Hacon, the regular 25c 8i'z3, for.. 15o 3ix3J in., doz.__C 4Jx6J in., doz.70o Wri wtlK^^^ ¦ i2^_^_S faW^S and colors, in rich fine satin effect. ro'd 1.25 .98
3 lbs fine Mocha and Java Coffee; for.. 2Jx4i in., doz 35g 5x7 in., doz.... QQo BeO m Jrat m _n_ wjy H 'per yjrd 40c "Travels in England," La
$1.00 j 4£x4i in., <ioz5Uii 5x8in.,dz..$'f.OU 63* *^ _S_a_2__!l_^._*« Hair Cloths, in herring bone and Fren.h. Galiisne 1.50 1.20
3 lbs fine English Breakfast Tea ... 4x5 in., doz....___ GbxZh in.,dz.Sl*4 O ~_^'«k*r**<i__v_x_ _ mwmi-^ r ~ _~ _ .«-.«._.— black, white and grey, per yard...' "From Door to Door,"
:.$1.OO I 8x10 in., doz.. .$2.60 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ........SOo to SOo c^pea ;.. 1.50 1.2OThe Fire Commissioners have been accused of act
ing in collusiorifwith a contractor in awarding him the
city horse-shoeing; for a' year. The Commissioners
will probably assert their rights and . insist that this
time at least the shoe is. on the right foot.
By order of the Police. Commission pensioned pa
trolmen are to be examined, and if found fit } are to be
compelled to return to duty. While the plan is com
mendable, the commission might also devote a little
time in finding those members of the force who ap
pear to be too strong to work.
The way of the transgressor in San Francisco is
likely to become hard indeed. If new arrangements
are net made juries will have to render their judg
ments on empty stomachs, and man is proverbially
severe when he is hungry-
Since cur Police Commissioners have decided that
the sale of food docs not make restaurants of saloons
it would be interesting to know if the honorable gen
t!cmen consider that the sale of liquor makes saloons
of restaurants. '.
Recent discussions in Congress of armor-plate man
ufacture would indicate thai coats of mail may be
necessary for the oratorical combatants. Several repu
tations have already been shattered. •** ¦-
THE REVISION OF THE WAR TAX.
WHILE Congress did not succeed in revising
the war tax at the session which has just closed
it gave the subject sufficient consideration to
reach the conclusion that revision is necessary, and
accordingly a committee has been appointed to sit
during the recess for the purpose of devising the best
means of making the revision and of reducing taxes.
From that committee a report is expected as soon as
Congress reassembles, and the people may therefore
be assured the Republican party will lighten the bur
den of war taxes without any delay further than that
required to make the reductions equitably to all con
cerned.
The Democrats will of course attempt to make
something of campaign capital out of the refusal of
the Republicans to .undertake the desired revision
during the recent session. There were, however,
good reasons for the refusal. In the first place, the
bill itself is a complex one, and the interests affected
are many; and in the second place reports made to
Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury were to
the effect that it has been impossible up to this time
to determine what reduction should be made. Under
such circumstances prudence dictated delay until the
subject could be fully investigated and the reductions
made in such a way as to relieve the public of as much
of the burden as can be done without injury to the
treasury and to apportion the relief with fairness to
all concerned.
In making the revision- two duties are imposed
upon the committee. There must be a thorough re
consideration of the 'language of the act so as to
eliminate from it those ambiguities by which the ex
press and the telegraph companies have managed to
escape the payment of : the taxes which . it was the
manifest intention of Congress to impose upon them.
Furthermore, in reducing the taxes care must be ex
ercised to remove those taxes which are most unfair
REPORTS to the effect that Russia has "warned"
the United States not to interfere in China be
yond protecting United States citizens may be
dismissed as emanations of the yellow. /Nothing has
been done by our Government or by our citizens to
justify Russia in giving any advice as to what we
shall do or leave undone, and any such thing as a
"warning" would be an impertinence which no diplo
matist in Russia or elsewhere is likely to venture upon
in dealing with the United States.
There remains, however, the fact that Russia is ap
parently playing a lone hand in China and has plans
which her officers arc not willing to subject to the
action of an international council. That much is made
evident by Admiral Kempff's dispatch of Friday, in
which, after stating that he had landed forces to pro
tect American interests and had sent men to Peking
and Tientsin, that British, Russian and Chinese ad
mirals and twenty warships representing the nations
were in the harbor, he went on to say: "On June 5 the
situation was most critical. The Russian force began
fighting. On June 6 the Tientsin-Peking railway was
cut. Will act in concert with naval forces of other
powers to protect interests if necessary. A meeting of
foreign senior naval officers was held to-day. Present:
English, French, German, Austrian, Italian, Japanese
and American officers. Will arrange for combined
action to protect life and property."
The statement in the dispatch that the Russian
admiral was present in the harbor, that the Russians
had begun fighting, taken in connection with the
omission of the name of any Russian as being pres
ent at the conference of naval officers, looks ominous.
Why the Russian admiral should not have acted in
concert with the others can hardly be explained upon
any ground other than an intention on his part to
have a free hand to act as he will, no matter what
others may do. How far it will be to our interests
to permit the exercise of that free hand on the part
of the Czar remains f o be seen.
RUSSIA PLAYS A LONE HAND.
•__,r>ITOR The Call: The frequency
I • with which the Louisiana purchase
p is referred to as a precedent for the
¦^^ acquisition of the Philippines shows
'an' amazing ignorance In our own
people of the political history of the coun
try. Political orators cite with frequent
flippancy that act on the part of the Gov
ernment as early establishing the princi
ple of expansion, while the student of
American history must inevitably arrive
at a contrary conclusion. Much of inac
curacy is forgiven by the people and cred
ited to the effervescence of enthusiasm
when listening to an exposition of so
called political principles by perfervid lo
cal statesmen, but when the President of
the United States refers to the Louisiana
purchase as a justification for the recent
acts of expansion many of his most fer
vent admirers fear that a man so well
grounded in political information ap
proaches much nearer the line of polltcal
dishonesty than is creditable to one oc
cupying so exaltjed a position.
The mess we are in with reference to
the Philippines is bad enough without en
deavoring to deceive ourselves by disin
genuous statements and misrepresenta
tion of facts. Even the ordinary reader
of the public press and the listener to pub
lic speeches soon becomes impressed with
how little is known of what the Louisiana
purchase really consisted and the causes
which led up to that treaty with France
in 1803. As far back as 1790 Washington
and the great founders of the republic
who surrounded him were looking with
grave and serious apprehension toward
the mouth of the Mississippi as a danger
point. The hardy sons of the Revolution
with rifle in hand were pouring into the
great Northwestern' Territory, Kentucky
and Tennessee. Steam power was un
known and railroads undreamed of. The
commerce of the world was under sail,
and an outlet to the ocean imperative.
The products of the Mississippi and its
great tributaries must float unvexed to
the sea, and the mouth of that river must
be free. Spain held New Orleans and all
that pathless wilderness and those vast
arid wastes which were afterward known
as the Louisiana purchase. Already com
plications were arising, mutterings and
threats were heard, and It was well known
that the first cause of serious irritation
would send forth a fierce flame, and those
hardy sons of the West, ever too ready
to grasp their only known weapons of de
fense, would precipitate an armed con
flict with any power interfering with their
free entrance to the ocean, and that the
then youthful Government would be ab
solutely powerless to control their actions.
Lines of communication were scarcely
more than paths through trackless for
ests, and the Government might become
involved in war half fought out before a
declaration had been made by either party
and the conflict continue long after terms
of settlement had been reached. To avert
this threatened danger New Orleans was
made by. agreement a port of deposit for
a period of three years— a mere makeshift
— a modus Vivendi. •
In 1S00 Spain ceded all its rights to
France, which fact was. however, un
known in this country until the following
year. Jefferson was then President, and
Livingston the Minister to Paris. A con
tinental war was imminent, and Living
ston was instructed to sound Napoleon
then First Consul, with reference to the
purchase of New Orleans. Upon hearing
of the cession to France on April 18, 1802,
Jefferson wrote to Livingston:
"We have ever looked to France as our
natural friend, one with whom we could
never have an occasion of difference, but
there i3 one spot on the globe, the pos
sessor of which is our natural enemy—
that spot is New Orleans. France placing
herself • In that door, assumes to us the
attitude of defiance. From that moment
we must marry ourselves to the British
fleet and nation."
Monroe was hastened abroad as Envoy
Extraordinary, to assist in the negotia
tions. Mabol3, acting for the First Con
sul In place of Talleyrand, suggested to
Livingston a purchase by the United
States of all of the rights of France for
twenty millions of dollars. The answer
of the American representative was an
emphatic no— expansion was not thought
of— all his Government wanted was New
Orleans, and a free entry to the sea
However, upon the arrival of Monroe with
his broader ¦¦ and more comprehensive
views and fuller information, the negotia
tions were again taken up upon the basis
of.Mabols' suggestions and an agreement
promptly reached and a treaty entered into
for the sale of all the rights of France
for eighty millions of francs. This treaty
was promptly ratified by theFirst Consul
and in October following by the Senate
of the United States by a majority of ten
more • than , tho requisite two-thirds. The
treaty provided that all the inhabitants
of the ceded territory, should" become in-
corpora'ted into the United States with
all the rights and privileges of citizenship.
At that time the people occupying the
ceded territory probably did not number
one for each hundred square miles, and the
treaty was simply a stupendous real estate
deal. What few inhabitants there were
were comprised of French and Spanish,
living thousands of miles from the pro
tecting influence of their Government and
surrounded by hordes of bloody savages
over which there existed no sovereignty
even in name. All this territory lay con
tiguous to the United States and extend
ing westward from the Mississippi to a
point where the waters would now into
the Pacific ani from Canada to the gulf
and Rio Grande, with boundaries unde
fined and in dispute, Including the mouth
of the Mississippi, which river was the
very lifeblood ot the commerce of it and
all its tributaries. A war with the then
greatest military power on earth was al
most inevitable, a wilderness with prac
tically no population, but all a territory
which by American people could be turned
into a prosperous and productive part of
our own country.
The mouth of the Mississippi In the pos
session of a foreign power was a stand
ing menace and a ? perpetual threat.
Among the causes that prompted that
purchase the idea of expansion had no
place or Influence, nor was it even for
a i;:iraent claimed to be within the es
pre£s£d constitutional powers of the Pres
ident and Senate to make such purchase,
and but few of those who most severely
criticized the constitutional right of the
Government to make the acquisition ever
for a moment questioned the policy and
necessity of the same. It was an act
done not only for the conservation of the
best Interests of our own people but was
one within the inherent powers of any
government to protect Itself, and may
¦well be considered the exercise of a war
power, a power which is exercised by all
nations. Around each inhabitant of the
ceded territory by a treaty, the most sol
emn obligations known to civilized gov
ernments, we tucked the mantle of the
constitution and clothed him wi»h every
right of American citizenship. Out of
that purchase we carved great States,
which are now filled with millions of in
telligent and prosperous American peo
ple, the combined wealth of whose com
merce and agriculture inimitably surpasses
the wealth of the entire thirteen colonies
when they first defied the power of Eng
land and created the American flag. No
one, however rich in romance or however
great a Utopian dreamer, could conceive
of men with statesmanship sufficiently
wise, broad and comprehensive to have
averted a war between the United States
and any foreign power which might have
held the mouth of the Mississippi for the
first third of the nineteenth century. To
insure the development of that vast coun
try so rich In resources, washed by the
Mississippi and its tributaries, an outlet
to the sea was an absolute and impera.
tlve necessity, and it was a statesman
ship which accomplished that result, per
meated by no selfish motive of expansion,
and which was sufficiently farseeing to
avert threatened war with any power that
might in any wise interfere with an un
trammeled outlet to the sea. How can
these motives and all the conditions and
circumstances surrounding that treaty be
even suggested as a precedent for the ac
quisition of the Philippines?
\It is true we were at war with Spain —
right or wrong — but we had the solemn
declaration of the American Congress
that the war was not undertaken for the
purpose of conquest, but solely for hu
manity. By an accident, an American
fleet found Spanish ships in the- bay of
Manila, over which, together with the
surrounding islands, Spain had held a
nominal sovereignty for 300 years,- and
most of that time in armed conflict with
the people. We were at war with Spain,
not with her rebellious subjects who
claimed the right of self-government in
accordance with their own ideas; but the
destruction of the Spanish fleet in Philip
pine waters surely gave us no right to
continue the crusade against those peo
ple, who might well be considered our
allies, rather than our enemies, and after
having driven the fox away we certainly
had no right to rob the roost.
Probably not 5 per cent of the American
people prior to May 1, 1898. would have
been able to find the Philippine Islands
upon a map of the world. Seven thousand
miles from our shores, across stormy and
tempestuous seas, were ten million peo
ple of Oriental races, and with whom the
blood of, the Anglo-Saxon never did and
never will commingle; a people who in
centuries would not understand the genius
of our institutions, a people against whom
the American Congress has for years vig
orously and rigorously legislated to pre
vent their entering our doors, and it is
now claimed that the acquisition of that
country and of those people and under
those conditions is justified by the Louisi
ana purchase, and it is cited as a prece
dent, committing the American Govern
ment to the policy of expansion. What a
travesty on common sense! We acquired
them and their countrv by the treaty, of
Paris, and for what? Evidently if we are
to retain. them we are to do so solely for
the purpose of furnishing them a good
government. Certainly the destruction of
a fleet belonging to their enemy and oura
in their waters imposed no such obligation
upen us. Even the boldest supporter of
the policy of expansion will not suggest
that we are to maka of the Filipinos
American citizens, with all the rights and
privileges of American citizenship. He
fore the words of a politician that ¦would
advance such a doctrine had died upon,
the circumambient air he would find his
political neck dislocated. We have ac
quired a country so far away that from
our nearest shores it takes thirty days by
steam to reach it. We have acquired the
obligation to maintain large standing
armies, with all Its concomitant evils,
and in direct violation of the fundamental
principles of this Government. "We havo
acquired a guerrilla, -warfare that -will
leave thousands of bright and bravo
Americans sleeping their last sleep In the
swamps and amid the rice fields of that
tropic clime, and making physical and
mental wrecks of still other thousands.
We have already accumulated a larga
supply of political scandals. We are ex
ercising government without the consent
of the governed and are trampling under
foot every tradition of the American re
public, and for what? The right to gov
ern aitf alien race and to speculate upoa
the products of their labor.
By the one treaty we were conserving
the interests of our own people, building
up a country where peace, happiness,
plenty and profit would reign supreme,
where the dpmain acquired would add
power and prestige to the integrity of tha
nation. On the other hand, we are simply
Involving ourselves in the complications
which will Inevitably arise in the Orient,
adding; millions to the expense of our
treasury, increasing our list of dead, fill
ing our pension rolls and leaving to suc
ceeding generations unsolved problems to
strain and wrench the very foundation
timbers of the republic. No nation can
write its political principles in lurid line*
of power and pelf and hope to avert tha
retributive Justice of an avenging God.
Whatsoever a man soweth. that shall ha
also reap. EDWIN H. LAMNE.
Los Angeles. Cal., June 6. 1000.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"W. H. Atkinson, a wealthy rancher from
Nevada, Is at the Grar.d.
Congressman S. A. Barham Is a guest
at the Grand.
Dr. C. Narren and •wife of Sacramento
are guests at the LJck.
J. R. Garnett. a merchant of Willows, la
at the lick with his wife.
Arthur "W. Livingston, an attorney ot
Stockton, Is at the Palace.
George A. Denia, a prominent citizen of
Los Angeles, la at tho Palace.
George A. Buffum. a -well-known mer
chant of St. Louis, 19 at the Palace.
B. U. Stelnman, ex-Mayor of Sacramen
to and a capitalist of that city, is at th«
Palace.
Assistant Manager J. J. Fleming of tha
Lick House left yesterday for a two
weeks 1 outing at Bartlctt Springs.
Rear Admiral and Mrs. Beardslee leave
this morning for Victoria, to be absent
from the city for about a fortnight.
F. W. Schmidt and C. Schmidt of As
toria, who make a specialty of sturgeon
fishing and the frozen fish business, ara
guests at the Palace.
G. E. Sylvester, a wholesale grocer of
Seattle, is in thia city on a business trip.
Mr. Sylvester is an old-time telegraph
operator and is now enjoying himself by
looking up his old comrade3 of the key.
Charles Mannlon of 1055 Mission street
left last evening for his old home in
Chippewa County. "Wisconsin, where ha
goes to settle up his father's estate. HI*
many friends gave him a farewell banquet
at a downtown rotlsserie the night before
he departed. He will be absent about two
months.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 9.-Mrs. M. K.
Faulkers and Miss Mae Faulkers of San
Francisco are at the Metropolitan: A.
Rosenow and wife and W. H. Melville of
San Francisco are at the Raleigh: P. Ja
naa and family of Los Angeles are at tho
St. James. ' . •
OUR PHILIPPINE ACQUISITIONS
FORESTS OR FAMINES.
BY reason of the appalling nature of the famine
in India the attention of men* of science has
been directed to a study of the forces and con
ditions which produced it. It is of course apparent
that the famine is due to the drought and the drought
due to the lack of rain, but that explanation does not
satisfy men v.ho arc accustomed to look beneath the
surface of things in the search for primary causes. In
this case the study discloses the startling fact that the
Indian famines are increasing in frequency and in
magnitude; the present one is far more disastrous
than any that preceded it. There must be some law
at work to produce these appalling effects, and in the
estimation oi some eminent authorities that law is to
be found in the relation of forests to water supply. In
ether words, famines in India are due to the destruc
tion of forests and increase as that destruction ex
tends.
Prior to the establishment of British law in India
a large portion of the country, was uncultivated. When
order was firmly fixed and industry was sure of pro
tection the old woods and jungles were cleared away
over wide tracts of country, and as a result the natural
reservoirs of moisture were destroyed. Thus there is
now less of water storage in the land than in former
years. A temporary failure of the rains in their sea
son leaves the country parched and barren and a
famine spreads over the land.
It is stated that something of the same evil is to be
observed working its way along the Nile. British
control has made fanning profitable far up the river
and the work of forest destruction has begun there
with the inevitable result. Furthermore it is asserted
that even the seemingly inexhaustible forests of Cen
tral Africa, in the basin of the Congo, have been so
wasted by the ax and by fire within the short time of
European occupation that the effect on the water
astern of the country is already noticeable.
Commenting upon the statements of these authori
ties the New York Tribune points out the significance
to us and says: "These lessons, all three of them, are
directly applicable to the United States. We have
actually known famine in some of the Western States
through the malign effects of drought. Some of our
streams are dwindling as in the Nile, and threaten to
vanish entirely as those of the Sahara have done. And
if in the stupendous arboreal wilderness of the Congo
it is becoming necessary to devise protective meas
ures, what shall be said of such necessity in a country
so recklessly denuded of its woodlands as our own?
The laws of nature cannot be violated with impunity.
She gave the forests as mediums'of natural irrigation.
If we destroy the means we lose the end. The law is
inexorable. Men now see trickling rills where in
their boyhood they saw full brimming streams. And
they nlso sec bare, sun-scathed hillsides where then
they saw dense, primeval forests. It is cause and
ctTect, nothing more. But should not rational men
learn the lesson?"'
There is to be edded the one fact that to no part of
the Union is forest preservation more vital than to
this State. With us the issue is one of imperative
urgency. A famine in California would sound
strangely indeed, and yet. to another generation it
will be familiar if something be not done to check the
waste of our woodlands and protect the natural reser
voirs of our winter rains.
RECENTLY published statistics of the Postal
Savings Bank of Great Britain make the para
doxical showing that the thrift of the British
v/orkingman has reached a point where it has almost
become unthrifty, and the Postal Savings Bank has
saved up so much capital for use in commerce that it
has well nigh rendered capital unprofitable by re
ducing the rate of interest.
It appears there are now about 8,000,000 depositors
in the postal savings banks of the kingdom, and that
the sum of their deposits is about $750,000,000. Upon
that vast sum the Government As at present paying
interest at the rate of 2y 2 per cent, but has not been
able to find an investment for all the money, and con
sequently there was Isst year a deficit of about $250,
000, which had to be made up out of taxes.
Such being the condition of the banks, a discussion
lias arisen concerning the. expediency of maintaining
them, and the issue will soon be brought before Par
liament. It is argued on one side that it is unfair for
the Government to offer 2^ per cent interest to de
positors in the savings banks when it has no use for
the money; when it can borrow at less rates all the
money it needs; and when it has to impose taxes
upon the whole people in order to be able to pay in
terest to the '8,000,000 savings bank depositors, com
posing as they do hardly more than one-fifth of the
population.
Upon tire other side it is argued that the very fact
that the Government has this immense sum of sav
ings in the postal banks to borrow from enables it to
float its loans as cheaply as it does, and therefore
that the bank is worth to the Government all that it
cost last year to maintain it. Furthermore, it is ar
gued it is the duty of the Government to promote
the welfare of the people by encouraging thrift as the
postal bank docs. Finally it is said that since the
Government imposes taxes for the purpose of grant
ing bounties for mail service or subsidies for ship
building and in other ways aids the enterprises of
capital, it is no more than right that taxation should
be resorted to if necessary to uphold the savings in
stitutions of vyorkingrrieri and provide them with a
fair interest upon their deposits.
The issue, it will be seen, is one of the most inter
esting of the financial problems of our time when con
sidered from the point of view of sociology. Clearly
it is bad economy for a Government to maintain a
postal bank system upon which it loses $250,000 that
it has to make up by taxation. On the other hand
it is certainly an advantage for a Government to have
$750,000,000 offered by its workingmen at such low
rates of interest, and it is also of advantage to pro
vide workingmen with a means of investing their sav
ings without risk of losing them through bank fail
ures or speculations. The discussion in Parliament
will enlighten us how to act when the time comes for
entering upon the establishment of postal banks in
this country, and for that reason the subject is worthy
of general attention.
BRITISH POSTAL SAVINGS.
THE many friends of Robert Taber will be sorry to hear
that he has been playing Marcus Vinicius in the Lon
don version of "Quo Vadis." That Is a sad corr.e-down
for an artist of Mr. Taber's standing, and It is sin
cerely to be hoped that the pressure of necessity — it
must' have been a dire one — which drove him to such slavery
will soon b*s relieved, allowing him to reserve his fine talent
for that work for which he is so eminently fitted— the por
trayal of poetic and romantic characters. I count it among the
blessings of my life that I have steadily resisted all entreaties
to read "Robert Elsmere" and that I could not be induced to
see "Quo Vadis." For this latter mercy I am indebted to the
friendly warnings of a much-berated class— the critics. They
saved me, as I humbly trust that I on similar occasions have
saved others. I have bc\>n waiting for an authoritative judg
ment on this detestable play from the man most competent to
give it, and here I find it in the London "World of May 16:
« • • "The brutalities of the play are not so crude and pal
pable as those of the "Sign of the Cross.' In the main, how
ever, there is very little to choose between the two productions,
and some passages of 'Quo Vadis' are positively unrivaled In
point of childish absurdity."
The June Century contains a beautiful picture of the grave
of Edwin Booth, with the following quatrain by Thomas Bailey
Aldrich:
In narrow space, with Booth, He housed in death
Iagr>. Hamlet, Shylock, Lear, Macbeth.
If still they seem to walk the painted scene,
'Tis but the ghosts of those that once have been.
This Is as true historically as poetically. "We have to-day
but two actors on the American stage who can give what may
be called a fairly adequate representation of a great Shake
spearean part— Mr. James and Mr. Mansfield. The former ex
cels in only one part. Othello; the latter has never, I think, at
tempted anything but Richard III.
. t . * . • » . • • •
Mr. Archer's recent articles on "The American Stage" (Pall
Mall Magazine) afford us a rare chance to see ourselves as
others see us. The most obviously ugly fact about that stage—
the hideous exterior of our average theater — naturally im
presses him first. To one who has seen the Grand Opera-house
in Paris and the Ring Theater in Vienna, the Metropolitan
Opera-house in New York must appear as it did to Mr. Archer
nothing better than a yellow brick factory. Indeed, it may
truthfully bt said that of the forty odd playhouses in New
York only two — the American Theater on Forty-second street
and the Madison-square Garden— show the faintest conception
of what a theater exterior should be like. True, London is no
better off in this respect than New York. There too often, as
with us, one and the same roof extends its shelter over saloon
(Anglice gin palace) and theater, an outward and visible sign
of the Inward and spiritual disesteem which places poor Thalia
and Melpomene at the bottom of the Muse's social scale.
The interior of our playhouses Mr. Archer finds better than
the exterior: indeed, it seems to me he hardly does justice in,
this respect to their superiority over the English. The pit, that
odious survival from days of cock-fighting and bear-baiting. 13
fortunately unknown among us, while it has by no means dis
appeared In England. The interior decoration, too. all that
gives cheerfulness and "atmosphere" to an auditorium, is bet
ter understood, it seems to me, in New York than in London.
"When Mr. Archer projected his plan for a visit to the thea
ters of America some cultivated Americans, he tella us. asked
him. "What came you out into the wilderness to see?" Ilia
reply was. "I came to look into the future of the Kngllsh
drama." That is a lovely thing for him to say, as is also h!3
remark about our public "advancing by leaps and bounds In
culture and taste." Lovely things to say, indeed, but alas! far.
I fear, from the truth. If we swallow them we shall End them
like unto the little book commanded by the angel to be eaten
of St. John: "And I took the little book out of the angel's
hand and ate it up; and it was In my mouth sweet as honey;
and as soon as I had eaten it my stomach was hitter." For
the time when the center of literary activity shall move from
London to New York is. If we may judge by historical analo
gies, so remote as to have no practical interest for us, and a3
to culture "advancing by leaps and bounds"— not only Is culture
not doing that among us but it has never done that among any
people. Culture, "the best that is thought and known In the
world," Is a plant of slow growth. To use a Tennysonlan
metaphor, even where nature has planted fifty seeds thereof,
she often brings but one to life, choking out the other forty
nine by means of the weeds of passion and materialism.
With the plaint that lays at the door of Charles Frohman
the responsibility for the sickly condition of our drama Mr.
Archar cannot sympathize. "It Is the public." he says, "not
Mr. Frohman, that is to blame. So long as the public fails to
discriminate between native and foreign work no manager,
whatever his race or creed, can afford to constitute himself iho
Maecenas of the native playwright." That Is, of couse, unfor
tunately true, and in the use of the word "Maecenas" Mr.
Archer has indicated the best- hope for the future of our
drama. It is quite absurd to expect people to discriminate be
tween good and bad so long as they do not know what Is good
and what is bad; this they can learn only by seeing the good
constantly presented, and to present this good in proper shape
means financial loss during the period it takes to educate your
public. The time cries out for a millionaire who la willing
cheerfully to sustain this loss. If there is one such man in the
United States he has not yet answered the cry.
Mr. Archer considers American acting quite as good as
English. Against the matinee girl he brings the heavy charga
of being responsible for the success of such a "vulgarly violent
amour" as Zaza and such a piece of tawdry sentiment as
Catherine. At the* conclusion of his article he harks back again
to what is really at the bottom of the whole question — public
opinion. The true provincialism, he justly declares, is that
which is content to leave America a province of France and
New York a suburb of Paris. I* DU PONT SYLE.
SUNDAY .....V. JUNE 10, iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKS. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Fj^J^J^J,
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market nnd. TUlrd. S. F.i
Telephone Presi 201.
KDITOniAL KOOJIS. . . .217 <o 221 St*Ten«o« St.)
Telephone Presi 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Centu Ter Weelc.
Stnele Copl«*«. C Cent*.
Terms l»jr Mali. Including: Powtajpei
PArLT CAM.. <inc!udlns Sunday), od# year $*•"<>
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months 800
IiAILY CALL (inducing Sunday). 3 months 1-59
I>A!LY CALL— By Etn«le Month *¦*;
FI'SDAT CALL On« l«u- '¦ J-*°
WEEKLY CALL One Year loa '
All pottmaiteri nre authorised to recelre
¦nb«crfption«.
£&£3£If copies will b* forwarded when requested.
O1KLA.\D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Fcre ; jri Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
QjOBg Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
N*ETT TOItK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Heraid Square
JCEVT TCItK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO N'EWS STANDS:
Ebennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Nortttra Hotel:
fVe&cst Xiruse; Auditorium Hotel.
ICEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waiaorf-Aetorf* Hotel; A. Brenteno, SI Union Square;
Hurray Hfll HcteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MCRTON t. CRANE. Csrrespondent.
_____!_
Bn A XCH OFFICES —t27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open ur.til »:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open ur.tll 8:20 o'clock. CIS Lark'.n. rpen until
»:S0 o'clock. JM1 Mlselca. open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market,
eerrer Sixteenth, cpea until 9 o'clock. 1C36 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. JOS Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-0?ecr.a and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
runnin' emptyins."
BRYAN AND THE BOERS.
DOWN in Indiana when a politician begins talk
ing for effect, without heartfelt sentiment or
good horse sense in what he says, the plain
people dismiss him with the remark that "he is
The homely domestic phrase is derived from the
condition of a cider barrel when it is nearly all drawn
and bits of pomace and dregs begin to run through
the faucet. These have to be emptied out, and hence
are emptyings, and when a barrel runs "emptyins" it
means that the good cider is all gone.
Mr. Bryan has been suspected of having exhausted
whatever ideas he had in stock when he began his
career of volubility. Those ideas were not of very
good quality, and the "emptyins" that went with them
were, of course, as much inferior to the dregs that go
with a higher class of ideas as the dump of a lime
kiln is inferior to that of a gold mine afflicted* with a
telluride combination.
The intelligent anti-expansionists of this country
have not been edified by Bryan's anti-expansion
views, nor, has any thoughtful person been impressed
by the mushy splutter in which his pro-Boer views
have sought expression. He has pretended that our
Government could side, efficiently, with the Boers,
when he knows, if he knows anything, that to repeat
the action o # f France in our Revolution can be done
only by paying the price France paid for the alliance,
and that was a war with England. If Bryan would
ever be frank and honest with the people, the proper
measure of his principles and capacity would be more
generally taken. If he desire to carry out the in
sinuations and half-expressed intentions which he has
uttered, let him frankly declare that, if elected Presi
dent, he will demand that England restore the inde
pendence of the Orange Free State and the Trans
vaal, and will advise Congress to meet her refusal with,
a declaration of war. Unless he has this policy in
view and would carry it out, all his thespian and
heroic declarations of sympathy and criticisms of the
Republican party are "emptyins," nothing more.
Ever}' intelligent American knows that unless our
Government \z willing to go to war for the Boers, as
a Government it can positively do nothing for them
at all. Our people can express sympathy for the re
publics and they do so, heartily. They can contribute
funds, and have done so. They can enlist and fight
under the Boer flag, and have done so, violating no
law provided they omit the formality of enlistment
until after they leave our jurisdiction. But our Gov
ernment mustf stand neutral unless it is ready to de
clare a Boer alliance, which will be. also a declaration
of war against Great Britain. If this is what Bryan
proposes let him say so. It is all that he can do, and
the only thing that he can do, as President, of the
least benefit to the Boers. All other talk is for effect,
to influence votes, to get support by a false pretense.
In one of his late interviews he said he hoped the
Boers would migrate to this country to defend us
again?t imperialism, and intimated that room would
be made for them by expelling members of the Re
publican party for sympathy with Great Britain. This
is not only demagogic talk, it is the drivel of a weak
ling. The free people of the United States have al
ways defended their own liberties and are quite ca
pable of doing so now, without inviting strangers
from any quarter to do it for them.
There is no evidence that Republicans any more
than Democrats have sympathized with Great Brit
ain's side of the South African quarrel. Morgan and
Pettus, two of Bryan's Senators, have steadily voted
against any Congressional expression of sympathy for
the Boers. Within the last six weeks the Bryan party
in Alabama at its primaries has indorsed Morgan for
re-election by a vote of more than two to one. Why
not get some Boers to go to Alabama, the birthplace
of the slave-holding Confederacy, and help maintain
liberty against imperialism on the ground where Great
Britain is indorsed by a vote of two to one of Bryan's
own party?
Mr. Bryan will find that he cannot wheedle people
out of votes to make him President by these flat
headed criticisms of the Republican party. He must
declare what he would do under the same circum
stances. Would he make this country head a Euro
pean concert in demanding of England the indepen
dence of the Dutch republics? If so, will he explain
what becomes of the Monroe doctrine when he re
moves its counterbalance in the non-interference in
European affairs by this country? The Boer envoys
have been instructed to say that such a European
concert under the leadership of the United States is
what they expected. In all sympathy for their un
fortunate situation, ;ve must insist that this Govern
ment could do nothing of the kind. That is just
as well understood in Europe as it here. Nor, if
n European concert had been organized to address an
identical note to Great Britain in behalf of the Boer?,
could this country in any way interfere, by any sup
port of England, for that would also be a repudiation
of the Monroe doctrine.
Let Mr. Bryan wring out his handkerchief, wept
wet with sympathy for the Boers, and tell what he
would have done in their behalf differently from Presi
dent McKinley.
in their burdens upon the people and which occasion
well founded discontents. r';, ;v
There is a strong sentiment in favor of a repeal of
the stamp duties, and a particularly strong support
is given to a proposition to repeal the tax upon pro
prietary medicines and other articles of a similar na
ture. It has been pointed out that all stamp taxes are
a source of vexation, and especially those on tele
grams and express receipts, where the irritation is
aggravated by the consciousness on the part of the
public that the burden has been shirked by the cor
porations. These proposals in the way of reform
have been repeatedly urged in the East and may be
safely left to the people of that section. There is one
tax which rests lightly upon the East but is a heavy
one in California that ought to be' urged by our dele
gation in Congress upon the attention of the com
mittee, and that is the tax upon wine served in
bottles. In the East there is produced very little
table wine and not much is consumed there, but in
California, where wine is served with lunch and din
ner at the popular restaurants and forms a common
article of diet among the people, the tax is a compara
tively heavy one. Moreover, it is an unfair tax, since
it does not fall equally upon all the people of the
Union. It is a tax upon California rathe- ' .1 upon
the country at large, and it is to be hoped tuvi • ; sion
committee will remove it along with all other unjust
features of the act.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
18
THE GREVE OF BOOTH
AND A
FOREIGN
CRITIC
ON THE AMERICAN
STAGE
AaUJSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & r>oyl<- — Monday, June 11, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
mX conier Twelfth and HarriFon streets.
I3y Sullivan & Doyle— \V<dr.esday. June 13, at 11 o'clock, Klre
Department Horses, at 22~ Sixth etreet.
By Chase it Mendonhall— Thursday. June 14, at 11 o'clock,
h!£rh-class Horses, at ITS!" Market street.
CaL glace fruit 50c tier n> at TownsencTs.*
¦ * ¦
Special information supplied daily tr>
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont*
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. *
Minnesota schools cost about $5,000,000
I annually, and that is one-third of th«
1 money raised by taxes In the State.
Colnmb'.i— Keller to-morrow night.
California— "A Tin Soldier."
Tivoll — "i"he Three Guardsmen."
Alcazar— "Sapho."
Orpheurn— Vau<ie\"llle.
Olyrr-rla, corner Mascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venire.
Fischer' s— "ErnanL"
Unloa Courslr.s Park— Ccurslnff to-day.
Ing-Wid* Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Eutro HiUhs — Ui>en nichts.An Interesting recital was given yester
day afternoon at Sherman-Clay Hall by
the pupils of Henry Heyman. A good
programme was rendered, including the
Max Bruch G minor Concerto (allegro
moderato and Romance) and the Ro
mance and first movement of the D minor
Concerto pf Wieniawski. Much Interest
was taken in the first appearance of Mas
ter Todd, a talented seven-year-old
from Oakland, who played with charm
ing fearlessness and with good Intonation
and technique a "Mazurka" and "Taran
telle" of Hans Sltt.- Miss Madeleine Todd,
sister of the small genius, also plays well,
her style, bowing and interpretation com
paring favorably with most of the older
pupils. Maurice Rose gave a good read
ing, from the student standpoint, of the
Bruch numbers, and the Wieniawski
Concerto was well rendered, Xrom the
same viewpoint, by C. F. Hamlin. Miss
Parker, to whom is forgiven the De Be
riot, has a decided violin faculty, as has
also Julius Gold, and indeed most of these
talented students. The pupils were ac
companied by the following named art
ists: Mrs. H. G. Crafts, MIsa Estelle
Bachman. Miss Ada Clement. Miss Eva
Gaches, Miss Augusta Goodman, Emil
Cruells and William Wertsch. violin
cellist. ! The students taking part in the
programme were: Benjamin Tuttle, Ju
lius Gold. Jablsh Clement. Hubert E.
Law. Dorlta Goodman. Isldor Cohen.
Edna H. Schweitzer, Emacuel Hromada,
Heyman's Pupils Give Recital.
An Insolvent Railroad Conductor.
Sim L. Aklns, railroad conductor, resi
dence Oakland, filed a petition In Insolv
ency yesterday In the united States Dis
trict Court. His liabilities are $1253 and
his assets 5277. , ' . V:
Fraternal Mystic Circle.
California Ruling, which Is the name
substituted for the lodge by the Frater
nal Mystic Circle of Philadelphia, Pa.,
was instituted in this city a short time
since and the officers chosen for the cur
rent term were installed last Monday by
A. N. Meales, general State deputy, at an
open meeting. The ruling starts with
seventy-five members and its officers are:
Dr A. G. Deardorff, W. R.; Clarence W.
Ashford. W. V. R.; Albert N. Meales. P.
W. R: Mrs Lea B. Meals, W. C; Miss
Kate de Peat, W. R.; C. E. Edwards. W.
T. and C: A. W; Stllwell, W. M.; W. H.
Mouser, W. W..\ H. E. Adams, W. G.;
R. H. Douglass. W. S.; Charles L. Patton,
Mrs. Clara Foltz and G. W. Crosby, trus
tees. After the installation there was an
entertainment, the programme being as
follows:
Bass solo, A. N. Meals; address, Mrs.
Clara Foltz; soprano solo. Miss Ethel
Stuart; instrumental solo, A. L. Artigues;
tenor solo, C. E. Edwards; comic song,
T. E. Richardson; mezzo soprano solo
Miss Alfrelda Lahl; tenor solo, Amll J.
McCurdy: instrumental duet, A. L. and
Miss Artigues.
Its Thirty-First Anniversary.
Laurel Lodge No. 4. Knights of Pythias,
will celebrate the thirty-first anniversary
of Its institution by a complimentary en
tertainment and ball In Crystal Hall. Py
thian Castle, to-morrow night.
THREATENED DEPUTY
GAME COMMISSIONER
Men on McCloud River Resent Being
Arrested for Violating the
State Laws.
L. X. Kercheval, Deputy Fish and Game
Commissioner, has Just returned from
Redding and the McCloud River district,
where he had an exciting experience for
a few days. Complaint had been made at
the office In this city that one of the elec
tric power companies erecting a plant on
the river was feeding deer meat to its
workmen. As the open season for the kill
ing of deer ls some time off Mr. Kercheval
was detailed to attend to the complaint,
and he arrested Wash Harding, the cook
of the camp, and H. W. Weldon and F. W.
Fortna, who run the* camp feedhouse, for
having deer- meat in their possession out
of season. He took' the men to Redding
for trial. • He learned that the men who
killed the game were very cautious and
that their discovery would be difficult.
The arrested parties and their friends
were very ugly over the arrests, and Ker
'cheval was informed that If he went back
into the mountains he would be "done
up." The deputy was not to be fright
ened, and on the following day he re
turned to the scene, but his search for the
men who killed the game was of no avail.
MAY ASSIGN SIXTY-FIVE
PUPILS TO ONE CLASS
Teachers Much Exercised Over Con
templated Revision of a School
Board Rule.
The local schoolteachers are very much
evercised over the rumor that the Board
of Education, which is at present revising
the rules. Intends to place the minimum
attendance of pupils In the classes at
sixty-five. It Is contended that this rule
will result in the dismissal of a large
number of teachers, notwithstanding
Director Denman's repeated assertion
that no teachers will lose their positions,
but that all will be taken care of.
The School Board as soon as it assumed
office set about to consolidate classes
wherever the average of attendance was
considered too low. In Its earnest desire
to reduce expenses and anxiety to have a
surplus In its funds, classes were abol
ished and several teachers found them
selves on the unasslgned list. The local
pedagogues Bee in the mathematical rule
of sixty-five pupils to a class a conse
quent diminution of the number of
schoolteachers. At present there are 1027
teachers in the department, with twenty
seven on the unassigned list. Many
classes have but forty-five pupils, and the
teachers say they have all they can
do to handle that number properly.
Should sixty-five pupils be assigned to a
class it would result in doing away with
at least a hundred teachers.
Superintendent Webster is strongly op
posed to the contemplated plan, and says
that the discipline of the scholars will be
materially impaired If the minimum limit
of attendance Is fixed at sixty-five in each
class. He will endeaver to bring about
a change of base in that connection on
the part of the School Directors.
Madeleine Todd. James Hamilton Todd.
Josephine Parker, Maurice Rosa and C.
F. Hamlin.
Resolution Passed Asking the Street
Railroads to Allow Members to
Bide Free.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
and at the reauest of the Bunker HU1
Association instructed Chief Sullivan to
hoist the flag on all the engine houses on
the anniversary of Bunker Hill day.
The Mayor was requested to create the
office of inspector of horseshoeing and it
is probable that a member of the depart
ment will be selected for the oilice.
Acting President ¦ Hecht submitted a
communication which he had sent to the
Board of Education, di awing attention to
the danger caused by painters burning
old paint off school buildings.
R. R. Jackson and Joseph Clancy of
truck 8 were dismissed for drunkenness
and Peter Gallagher and Michael Flannl
gan were appointed to fill the vacancies.
Robert Powers was appointed truckman
of truck 4.
A resolution was passed requesting the
street railroads to allow all firemen in
uniform to ride free on the cars the same
as policemen.
FIREMEN DISMISSED
FOR DRUNKENNESS
Picnic at Los Gatos on June 21 Will
Be a Very Enjoyable
Affair.
Much attention is being given to the ar
rangements that are being made for St.
Peter's parish picnic to be given at Los
Gatos Park on June 21. Rev. Father P.
C. Yorke Is .giving his personal attention
to the matter, and is assisted by the fol
lowing committees:
General committee — P. J. Tormey, chair
man; T. R. Curtis, secretary; D. F.
Keef e, vice chairman, and Patrick Big
gins, treasurer.
Transportation— P. J. Curtis, E. D. Sul
livan and J. J. Donovan.
Games — E>. F. Keefe, John E. Behan. L.
J. Dwyer, Harry Pinkham, John Butter
worth. J. C. O'Donnell and Henry Power.
Prizes— Hon. L. C. Cull, John O'Connor,
Joseph Doran, Daniel Rlordan, Thomas
Cavanaugh, James Burke. C. D. Douglas,
James Butler, David Coggin, M. J. Hur
ley and James P. Sullivan.
Programme— T. C, Butterworth, M. J.
Hurley, J. C. O'Donnell, James Burko
and M. J. Welch.
Committee on printing— T. B. Slevln, M-
D. Rlordan and Thomas Doyle.
Press and publicity— E. D. Sullivan, T.
B Slevin, P. J. Curtis and L. J. Dwyer.
Music— P. Dugan, John Kenny, Harry
Pinkham, John Welch and Ed Devlin.
ST. PETER'S PARISHIONERS
PREPARE FOR AN OUTING
the boats, but the men only succeeded in
saving the clothes they wore. The general
supposition is that the bark was in charge
of a pilot and that she was run on the
rocks in very thick weather.
About the year 1SS3-S7 three of the best
wooden vessels ever turned out of the
Bath (Me.) shipyards came to the Pacific
Coast. They were the ships Gatherer,
Harvester and Reaper. All of them came
to this coast and the Harvester and Gath
erer soon found purchasers in this city.
Both of them were changed into barks
and have been trading from San Francisco
and Puget Sound ports e\tf since.
The Harvester left Chemftlnus, B. C, for
Cape Town with a load of lumber on No
vember 23, li>93. On March 9 she reached
her destination, but it was late in April
before her cargo was discharged. On
April 29 she was ballasted and ready tor
sea, and the next day Bhe sailed for New
castle. Australia, where she was to load
coaj for Honolulu. The old craft made
a quick run across the Pacific, only, how-,
ever, to lay her bones on the Seal Rocks
at the entrace of the harbor to which she
was bound.
The Harvester was built at Bath, Me.,
In 1*75 by E. & A. Sewall. She was 1373
tons net burden. 210 feet long, 29 feet 7
inches beam and 24 feet deep. A. P. Lor
entzen of this city was the managing
owner, but there were about a dozen peo
ple interested in the vessel. There was
very little insurance on the hull, and the
loss will come heavily on several people.
Transport Grant Arrives.
The United States army transport Grant
arrived from Manila via Nagasaki yester
day. She came in with a clean bill of
health, but as there were a great num
ber of Bick soldiers aboard Dr. Kinyoun
thought It best to send the vessel Into
quarantine. The only report that came
ashore was to the effect that there had
been three deaths during the voyage from
non-contagrious diseases, and that there
remained aboard 51 cabin passengers, 364
Bick and discharged soldiers and 146 pris
oners. Among the sick are eighteen in
sane men.
Captain Buford also reported that forty
miles -west of the Farallones he passed a
fleet of twelve vessels, all heading for San
Francisco. This will probably turn out to
be the fleet of overdue sugar vessels re
ported In yesterday's Call. Four of them
made port before sundown and the re
mainder will probably get. In to-day. The
vessels that got in were the ship E. B.
Sutton, 24 days from Honolulu; schooners
Helene. 22 days, and Transit. 24 days from
Honolulu, and schooner O. M. Kellogg, 2S
days from Mahukona. The arrival of the
fleet will be gladly welcomed at the re
fineries, as the supply of the raw material
has been getting very low during the past
week.
Ahern's Hard Luck.
Sailing of the Protet Delayed.
When a man only gets one Sunday off
in a month he likes to make the mpst of
it, and if necessity compels him to labor
even on that one day of rest he always
expects to be let off with a light Job. The
very opposite is the state of aftairs in the
case of Customs Inspector D. J. Ahem,
however, and yesterday Dan quoted with
a sad smile on his face to his companion
In misery. Inspector McGinnis, "Blessed
are they that expect nothing, for they
shall not be disappointed."
"But we are getting something," pro
tested Mac. "Isn't this odor sublime?
Why. man, your whiskers .won't require
perfuming for a month to come."
The cause of the two Custom-house of
ficers' woe was a large consignment of
raw hides that came from Australia on
the Bteamer Mariposa. Dr. Kinyoun
would not allow them to be landed at any
of the tanneries unless they were put into
the cleaning vats under the supervision of
the Custom-house inspectors. Ahem and
McGinnis were detailed for the job, and
yesterday when the hides were loaded
aboard the scow C. T. Place they set sail
for Redwood City, where the cargo is to
be discharged. If all goes well they may
reach their destination by Monday, and by
that time they will know all about hides
and also something about life on a bay
schooner.
The French cruiser Protet was to have
railed for Hongkong via Yokohama yes
terday, but owing to an accident it will be
to-morrow or Tuesday before she gets
away. While the warship was being:
coaled several cases of kerosene were
burst open and the oil scattered over the
black diamonds. As the korosene and coal
would nave quickly Ipnlted when the ves
eel cot in a seaway, all the fuel which had
come in contact with the oil had to be re
moved from the bunkers. This necessi
tated a great deal of work, and in conse
quence the Protet could not leave port.
To-morrow «he will take aboard a number
of oxen and sheep and £hen as soon ' as
everything is in readiness* a start for
Hongkong will be made. The Protet is a
modern cruiser, on her maiden voyage,
and will be a welcome addition to the
French fleet in Asiatic waters.
Fire on Broadway Wharf.
The offices of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company on Broadway wharf were
considerably damaged by fire and water
yesterday. Luckily all the books and rec
ords of the concern were got out of the
burning building in time, so shippers will
not be inconvenienced. ,
The fire was discovered about 1 p. m.
It had evidently been started by a lighted
cigar thrown under the building by som«
careless smoker. State Collector T.t C.
Ryan at once notified "Captain Browrs;
superintendent of the State fire tugs, and
In a few minutes the Governor Irvrin was
The Surveyor, in support of hla appli
cation, assigns as a reason the fact that
while the commerce* of the district has
increased and the number of steamers
and sailing vessels has been added to very
largely there has been no corresponding
increase during the last quarter of a cen
tury in the Surveyor's force of discharg
ing inspectors, only thirty-three in num
ber.
The Surveyor states further that the
Toyo Klsen Kaisha has put three steam
ers into the China trade, increasing that
service as formerly in the hands of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company: that the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany has adopted on eight-day schedule,
so that one steamer's cargo laps over upon
the succeeding oneand frequently over two.
making; necessary two separate details of
five discharging inspectors instead of one
detail of five, which formerly suttlced;
that the California and Occidental Steam
ship Company, with chree steamers and
the Immediate prospect of others, has a
China and Japan service at San Francis
co as a feeder for the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway; and that there
have been added the Kosmos line from
Hamburg. Antwerp, Genoa and London
to San Francisco and the American-Ha
waiian Steamship Company with four new
trans-Pacific steamers.
The Surveyor reports also that there
Js an increased trade in exports by the
canning and powder companies, shipping
from Interior points by rail under seal
"export for drawback," and a largely In
creased trade to Siberia, Korea, the Phil
ippine Islands, India, Australia, New Zea
land, South Sea Islands, Alaska, Mexico,
Central America and South American
ports, together with an increase in the
In transit importations from Portland, Or.
Surveyor Spear asks for ten discharg
ing inspectors in addition to the present
force and recommends that promotions bo
made from the guarding inspectors now in
the service.
DISTRICT DEPUTIES
FOR CURRENT YEAR
President Hoxett of California As
senbly of Rebekahs Announces
Her Selections.
Mr*. Caroline A. Hoxett. president of
'alifornia Assembly of Rebekahs. I.
¦ •. F.. has announced the folowing
•r.ed as her district deputies for the cur
r at Rcbekah year:
District Xo. J, Enna Frerichs of Tracy;
Xo 2. Cornelia J. C. Kcld of Santa Cruz;
N Z. Florence Lewis of San Jose: Xo. 4.
•lie Gruhb of Hollistcr: No. 5. Lola M.
- at San Francisco; No. 6. Laura
- t of Florin; No. 7. Mattie H. Swain
Plained a: Xo. B. Fannie Gamble of San
: SCo. 1». Anna Bock of BIoomn>l-'3;
\ Meta G*hrkens of I>os Angeles;
¦ Busaa Springsteen of Modesto; No.
izabeth \\ right of Calistoga; No. 13,
¦ of Plymouth: No. 14. Abbie
ty cf Woodland: Xo. 15, Lelia Beach
f Ka'eervUie; Xo. 16. Minnie Becktr of
Francisco; Xo. 17, Lizzie Schor.eman
C '¦• r.a; No. IS. Louise G. Smith of
Newcastle; No. IS, E'.la G. Stirling of Sa
- v 2: Mary E. Nellist of Arcata;
Xa 2L Xf ttie Grant of Rou^h and Ready;
v j. 2, A<iah J. Anderson of Red Bluff;
No 3 Delia Phillips of Sheridan: Xo. 24,
-. La Piere of Maytield ; No. 25. Mabel
r cf Vacaville; No. 25. Ada Bottom
• You Bet; No. 27. Emma C. Boehme
of Brownsville: Xo. 2*. Hattie B. Onyett
- vVAe; Xo. 20. Abble F. Robarts -of
I v n Jor.es ; Xo. 30. Carrie Johnston of For
;r.a; No. JL Mary C. Norris of Lakeport;
. ::. Ida fc;<:>nbuTg of Sierra City;
No S3. Lottie Gale of Truckee; No. 34.
Mattie A. Poor** of Reddir.g: Xo. 25, M. I*
Schcfteid of Yr*ka; Xo. S6. Mollie Curtis of
Crescent City: Xo. 37. Emma O. Youner of
Weavf-rville; No. 3». Augusta Suessdorf of
Mokc'rumr-e Hill; No. 33. Olive Ray of Tu
2rre: No. ?¦'•. taubella Bal!a*?h of Arroyo
Grande; Xo. 41. Majrpie M. Lewis of Paso
Iiob!»«: Xn. <2, Mary E. Dolphus of
Crock'-::: No. 43 Caroline Baker of Janes
; No. 44. 'ira^e M. Croop of Merced; !
No. (5. Elizabeth Harvey of Chico; No. 4*5.
.\l:c» U'eUman of Camptor.ville; Xo. 47.
::.i E. TrUFCOtt of Bishop: Xo. 4s.
Uatha Ashley of Lodi; Xo. 43. Lorrna Rey
r.'lds of Fall River Mills: No. 60, Belle
I | n of Santa Ana: No. EL Flora Peter
of liaicersneld; No.. 52, -Sarah A, Shartel
ff Fort Bid well: Xo. Z3. Daisy Rij^hter
f Livf-rmor^; Xo. ZA, X^llie Likens of
?an I»:<pro; No. K. Orelle Burt of Azu?a;
Na H, Anna Pool of Lone Star: No. S7,
Elrlra Pop^ of Colusa; No. E8. Mar>- P.e
v.-r of Mendocino City: No. 59. Emily Hope
of OouHerville : Xo. €0. Emma C. "Wash
hra of Santa Barbara: Xo. €1. Emelia
V, yen of Kan Rafael: No. €2. Nellie C.
I'-ffrj" of Sierra vllle; No. 03. Anna L. "\Vil- i
Hems of Alturas: No. C4. Marv E. Biddick
of Plumas: Xo. Co. Minnie F. Orcutt of
San Luis Obispo; Xo. 66. Claire M. Par
ker of Los Angeles; No. 67. Mary E. Cum
mins of Covelo; No. 68, Anna M. Bradley
of Ukiah; No. €3. Mina J. Bissell of Duns
muir: Xo. 70. Annie Carl of Oakland: Xo.
71. Minnie Jones of Ventura: Xo. 72, Mat
tie E. Good of Pescadero; Xo. 73, Annie
Schuyler of Lompoc; No. 74. Ella V. Brad
ford of Ontario; No. 75. Maud E. Cook of
Independence; No. 76. Florence Freeman
of Lcs Banos; Xo. 77, Janie Bennett of
Anpels: Xo. 7S. X'. W. Boyd of Bodie; Xo.
79, J. C Murphy of Bridgeport.
i ? ¦
FALLS DEAD AT THE
DOOR OF FRIEND'S HOUSE
Jane Mead Suddenly Expires While
Making 1 a Call on Sirs.
Carroll.
"When Mrs. G. F. Carroll of 1262 Folsom
street opened her front door to admit her
friend. Jane Mead of San Jose, her visitor
collapsed on the threshold and died in
stantly.
Miss Mead was an elderly spinster em
ployed as a domestic In the Polhemus
family at San Jose. Several months ago
she became afflicted with paralysis and
since that time had been under medical
treatment. She arrived In this city yes
terday morning for the purpose of con
sulting her physician.
An examination of the body at the
Morgue by Autopsy Surgeon Leland re
vealed the fact that death was due to
natural causes. A sister of the dead wo
man lives in Oakland.
¦ ? ¦
A Handsome Sight.
In both windows of the Boston Shoe
Co. are exhibited tan shoes. A special
sale of the same will take place to-mor
row (Monday). There will be tan shoes
for men. ladies, boys and girls. Come
one, come all.
Ladies' $3 50 tan shoes Jl 60 a pair
Men's $3 50 tan shoes $1 60 a pair
Boys* J2 50 tan shoes $1 15 a pair
Girls' $2 50 tan shoes $115 a pair
Apropos these shoes are made of the
very best VIci kid, fancy vesting tops,
latest style toes; all widths and sizes,
shoes up to date. All will go at the tan
shoe sale of the Boston Shoe Company,
775 Market street, near Fourth. •
Franklin Circle's Entertainment.
Franklin Circle No. 115. Companions of
the Forest. Ancient Order of Foresters.
has arranged for an entertainment and
dance to be given In the social hall of
Shiels hulldirg on the evening of next
Thursday.
Bark Harvester Wrecked on the Australian Coast.
Revenue Offender Severely Punished.
Michael .Calias, convicted of having un
stamped cigars in his possession, was sen
tenced by United Slates District Judge
de Haven yesterday to six months' lm
pri.«onment in the San Quentin peniten
tiary and to pay a fine of $100. The se
verity of the sentence was due to the
fact that Calias was an old offender.
No Additions Have Been Made to the
Customs Force for the
Fast Quarter of a
Century.
Joseph S. Spear Jr., Surveyor of Cus
toms, has addressed a letter to Customs
Collector Jackson requesting an enlarge
ment of the force of discharging: inspect
ors of customs, class 2, In his division of
the service.
Wherefore Surveyor Spear
Asks for Ten More
- Inspectors.
GREAT INCREASE
IN THIS CITY'S
FOREIGN TRADE
Another well known San Francisco ves
sel has been lost on the coast of Austra
lia. The bark Harvester, while making-
Newcastle, N. S. W., went on the Seal
Rocks and became a total loss. Captain
John Edwardsen and the crew escaped in
Left Cape Town for Newcastle, Where
She Was to Have Loaded
, With Coal for Hono
lulu.
Bark Harvester Is a Total
Wreck on the Coast of
Australia. «*
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
on the scene. Holes were cut in the burn
ing building, through which the hose was
passed, and In about twenty minutes all
danger was past. The damage to the
building will' be 'about J300.
Water Front Notes.
Frank Williams and Philip Moore were
locked up in the Harbor station Friday
night on charges of assault to murder and
malicious mischief. They entered the ma
chine shops of McCormick Bros, on Beale
street in search of trouble, and when an
attempt was made" to eject them they
drew pistols and began firing. A call for
the police was sent in and Officers Sylves
ter and McGrath responded and put the
men under arrest.
George Robinson, late port steward of
the Pacific Mail and later chief steward of
the transports Valencia and Sherman, has
taken chnrpe of the steward's department
of the Mail steamer Mariposa. William
X. HannJ.^ran. whom Mr. Robinson suc
ceeds, goes East in a few days to take
charge of a new steamer now nearing
completion at Cramp's shipyard.
Fred Raabe, the well known employe of
the Harbor Commission, ls once more able
to put in an appearance on the front. Fred
has been laid up for six weeks with a bad
leg. and even yet has to carry a stick to
help him around.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
1000 pairs ladies" French kid or tan shoes,
vesting or kid tops, all sizes, widths and up-to
date styles, , will be placed on sale to-morrow
(Monday) for SI 90: worth from 14 to J8. Last
year's fashions at 50c a pair. "The Standard."
107) Market st. ( between Sixth and Seventh. • ¦
Not Placed in Quarantine.
Patriotic Daughters.
Martha' "Washington Council of the pa
triotic order of Daughters of Liberty will
observe the anniversary of the battle of
Bunker Hill by a patriotic entertainment
In Shiels building on the evening of the
lSth of the current month. The programme
will be followed by dancing.
To Return the Courtesy.
During May the gentlemen who com
pose the membership of Pacific Council
of the Order of Chosen Friends gave an
entertainment in the council room to the
ladles of the council. In return for the
courtesy the ladies have arranged an en
tertainment and social complimentary to
the gentlemen members and their friends
for next Friday evening In Myrtle Hall of
the Alcazar building.
19
What the dyspeptic wants is abundant
nutrition, which means plenty jjr good,
wholesome, well-cooked food, and some-
thing to assist the weak stomach to di-
gest it This is exactly the purpose for
whlcii Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
adapted and this is the method by which
they cure the worst cases of dyspepsia, in
other words the patient eats plenty of
wholesome food and Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets dlcest it for him. In this way
the system is nourished and the over-
worked stomach rested, because the tab-
lets will digest the fQOd whether the stom-
ach works or not. One of these tablets
will digest 3000 grains of meat or eggs.
Your druggist will tell you that . Stcu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets is a remedy sold
on its merits, and is the purest, safest and
cheapest remedy sold for stomach
troubles, and every trial makes one more
friend for tbis excellent preparation.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL OFFER
FOR THIS MONTH!
I will sell you my best grade,
strongest power $40 Belt for
ihif A A an< * nO b a l ance
\lh fin to pay when
OIJlUU cure d! I guar-
antee this on a $10,000 bond to
be the genuine Sanden U. S. pat-
ented Belt. I made no contract
to sell them at the regular high
prices. Models have not 18 cells
and are only a sham. They arc
useless, and the rosy-hued prom-
ises and jargon of irresponsible
people cut no figure with the
man who wants a remedy that
will cure him. Address
DR. S. S. HALL,
TOO MARKET STREET,
bah pit ah cibco.
RAD WAT'S BKAOT BrilKf haj *OO<1
cnrtraled t*Jare tb* pubUe tor SO years as %
Ptia JUnedr. It instantly rellern and quick!/
curt* »1I Colds, Son Thro*t*. InSuen**, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. RhtamatUm. N'«nU*la.
Headache. Toot ha rh* and all palaa. Internally
ter Malaria aad aU Boird Paia*. Ail CracgUta.
Once More!
Are you keeping a look-out for our in-
vitations to buy at wonderfully low
prices? Four of our departments this
week contribute their best. %x <m \* *x
Stationery. Jewelry.
We show the best assorted line Good Alarm Clock 70C
of Tablets in the cty. note or let- Guaranteed Alarm Clock .
ter size, ruled or plain, from. ... gQg |g jjgfj
• 3C UP tfl 35C Chain Purses and Girdles, in.
Initial Paper and Envelopes. , ated an(j sterli $i , at haI{
best quality, for this week only former pr|cei
reduced from 50c to 35C -n. »<mocc* ur j n
r ..., , D a . ."" ¦ ,., That $1.25 Stem-Winder Guar-
Childrens Papetenes, in all .; . .
shades, per box. .|2*C antoed VVatch of ours » just the
A good Fountain Pen, We thing far your outmg tnp.
guarantee it $|.00 Belt BuckIes * sterlln *
Stylographic Fountain Pen 75c P Iated and oxidized, prices Cut
in hall
Albums. c ... n .
Albums for unmounted photos Furnishing G(H>dS.
--25c to $3.00 The stron 2 est and best Sus -
Pocket and Folding Fans pender known is our C S C
:...IOeto75c at --- 25c
Palm- Leaf Fans 5c Our special sale of the new
Scrapbooks, reduced from 20c Automobile Hat still on, each $1.30
0 V \ l* * Mu""n" 7c Straw Hats, all the new shapes,
Autograph Album — Our 75c .... . ¦ r
one for 50 C . It has celluloid cover. at the lowest P nCes *
plush back and illuminated leaves. Full line of Shoe Polishes.
pull Line of Caropers' Supplies, Tents. H,ammock.s. Cots, Canvas Stools. Etc.
G^_ -r— ¦ .
Will&finek Co*
L^_- ; * g^l
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Prompt fUtentlon to Mall Orders.
* II
SHIRT WAIST EVENT. !
V/e bave purchased from two of the leading manufacturers II
150 dozer) of Waists, comprising Cluster TucRed fronts. Pique y
Revere Fronts, Hemstitched and Tucked fronts, made of band- X
some patterns, fine quality Percales and Madras- Made With y
the straight and pleated back — no old-style yoke back- but all .j.
of this season's latest. Tbis lot consists of about twenty-five •£•
different patterns and styles. Sizes from 32 to 42. On sale *
MONDAY. June II. and following days. 1
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. ] j:
Tl)e opportunity to get high-class Shirt WalsU that are properly M
rrjade ai}d fine fitting at less than toanufaeturer's cost. Tbis class of X
Waists are cow selling elsewh*re at $t 5a $1.75 and S2.00. —
OUR PRICE 95 CENTS. ~] j|
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROWN, !
1O7-1O9 POST STREET. If
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. II
--I- i-;-;--;--2"i-z ; 1 1 : ; m i-m-m h-h-m-h-mI'I': i-m i m i : i r-i-i mit
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
TRUTHS EASILY DIGESTED.
Concerning a Method of Curing Dys-
pepsia and Stomach Troubles.
Dyspepsia and' indigestion are consid-
ered incurable by many people who do not
realize the advance made In modern medi-
cal ECience, and because by the old
methods and remedies a cure was rarely
if ever obtained.
Dyspepsia is now cured as readily as
any other disease.
/3r~573SX£r~7r~~» Choice
%^^^^^^^Mi\ ' Weddings.
{^^^^m^M Of c °" se> you
-S'^^^^^^r^B'-^^^^*?*^ wam }' our house
J '^IiV^SJt^ o?| nicely furnished
H \Jm'W| Ipil stylish Fur-
£Jj7 1 " hk X% ' niture, that com-
©/-"¦^ j I bines elegance
empire armchair- iU] <?' with substantial
Our Own McKe. 5^ r ,
usefulness.
Xo store in all San Francisco has such a vast
assortment, such a grand display of rich, new
Furniture to select from as you'll find here. By
far the greatest variety in the latest pattern Par-
lor Suits is here, all made in our own fac-
tor}' on the premises, ranging in price from §18
and $20 to $150, and $300 a Suit. Every taste
can be gratified, every idea can be met with ex-
actly the right thing. And not only in Parlor
Suits, but in Bedroom, Dining-room, Library
and Hall Furniture do we lead in choicest new
patterns. And one more point of interest to
which we want to call your particular attention
is our prices.
No other Furniture concern on the coast can
sell you as hig-h-class Furniture at as modest
prices as you'll pay here. It's one of our ways
of attracting and keeping customers — our ex-
tremely low prices. Fact is, they're so much
below what most stores charge that you'll note
the difference immediately.
OPcN SATURDAY EYENIN6 TILL 10 O'CLOCK.
Corner 16th and Mission Streets,
ocosoosooosoocoeo eoeoteeeeoeaeoeec
\ Broken flown in health, nervous, sleeplws. d»- M
Q I f\f% VVPf)k presied and discouraged. Such women should ¦
e *\J\J ' TCUa geek tealth and strength. Many have little I
fl r***A F«/l«rft«tfC-|-Sirl rtS*.T& tor their health. Health is the moet I
M aflU t-Xi1allc>L"U precious gift of nature. If you are suffering I
/ - from RHEUMATISM. KIDNEY and, BLAD- V
f ffk WfirK DER AILMENTS. FEMALE COMPLAINTS.
I •** »» Vfl I%» STOMACH TROUBLES or any BLOOD DIS- 1
I EASE, take ELECTROZONE-* remedy that has cured the most obstinate D
i cases. Quickly and permanently, when all other remedies have failed. fl
\ A WOMAN'S ADVICE. J
a EAST LOS ANGELES. May ZU 1S93. f
% ntrECTROSV5VE MF"G CO —Gents: I feel that It ls my duty to you and I
f the «ufferti« In o ur State to let them know; what your wonderful 1
# nV^ic.rie did for me. I am now 6 8 years old and have lived in Ix>s Angeles for \
/ Sony i-ear. and am well now. I have suffered a number at^"with ' rheuma- \
/ tisra and stomach troubles in their worst form. Ilad tried maji> " 1 ™eale s with- I
I out scy tx-neat. when a r.eiKnbor cf mine. Mr. E. A- Foreman, orourht me a I
I j£ttfe of Electroxone and told me it would cure me »fl »•* I hS^akea /
V directions. I commenced to Improve from the tot' **£¦"*«¦_*« ™£f jfiSE ' f
» the one bottle, th^ trains are all gone and my stomach troubles ha%e ail cisap- m
V I2*red I eat whatever I pl«a*e with impunity. and walk long , dis- |
I tances without fatisue. I fail to find word, in which te^ expres s my grat pful- «
/ ness to you for what your medicine has dene for me. Joximay "feraw one *
/ to me tor proof of the above, belns • v "»?»' fu ' ".^SUS^n^JwlTate: 1
f the benefit received. Your* truly. MRS. M. A. HINDS. *« ijarwin are. i
V ,f t Bo^* >U ad E^ E^ P C«oyEMraCO..Ba a rra 0 ci W o. j/
ADVERTISEMENTS.ROBERT LOCKE, recently Asso
ciated Press correspondent in the
Philippines, committed suicide
yesterday morning in his room in
the Occidental Hotel by shooting himself
through the heart with a bullet from»a
28-callber Colt's army revolver. He *ad
led a dissipated life, and his, mind being
warped from overindulgence in alconol,
he could not withstand the strain of his
self-created poverty and ended his life.
His father and mother reside in Chicago,
and his wife is visiting friends ln Paris.
Locke was the son of Rev. Clinton E.
Locke, a well-known clergyman, who had
held the position of rector of Grace Epis
copal Church ln Chicago for many years
and who recently retired. The suicide
had received a good education and prac
ticed as a physician in Chicago for sev
eral years. .He was obliged to abandon
his profession because of his craving for
strong drink. .He then accepted the po
sition of Associated Press correspondent,
ln which capacity • he went to Manila
eighteen months ago.* He returned to
this city on the transport Thomas when
she reached this port last and took up his
quarters at the Occidental Hotel. Shortly
afterward he -was taken with an attack
of delirium tremens and was removed
to St. Luke's Hospital for ' treatment.
On . Wednesday last he returned to the
hotel and began another spree. •
His mother had sent him $150 a short
time ago, and that sum was speedily
spent, after which he wrote to Rev.
George S. Meade. principal of the Trinity
School, asking for a loan, but Mr. Meade
was unable to accommodate/ him.
Locko, in his quest for money, called
last Friday upon his friend. Lieutenant
George T. . Xewhall at the Palace Hotel,
and, unpercelved- by the lieutenant, took
from the mantelpiece a Colt's army re
volver and slipped it into his pocket.
. A chambermaid at 7:15 yesterday morn
ing found Locke's dead body in bed. The
revolver lay on the floor, close to the
right hand of the dead man. Blood on
his breast and the bullet-hole * told the
rest of the story. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Ko Confidence in Police Courts.
The poundmaster's deputies were ln
trouble with a citizen again yesterday
morning. Deputies Danz and Hughes at
tempted to capture a dog which was with
out a license tag on Kearny and Market
streets, when the owner appeared and
Jumped upon the net which had been cast
over the animal. The poundraen, dog
owner and dojr were badly mixed in a
second and a big crowd gathered. Two
policemen escorted the men to the office
of the SocJoty for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals, which has charge of the
pound, and the situation was explained.
The policemen arked Secretary Holbrook
If be wanted the dog owner arrested. Hol
brook replied that it was of no use to take
anv violators of the law to the Police
Courts for Interfering with an officer ln
the discharge of his duty when a case
Is dismissed ln which the deputies were
held up by a man with a loaded shotgun.
ROBERT LOCKE, Physician and Press Correspondent.
If Thomas W. Flannelly. who murdered
tis father ln Redwood City on October
12, 1SS7, and afterward sped the bullet that
, ended the life of Sheriff McAvoy, hangs
>it will be with the sanction of the Su
-prcme Court of the United States. Flan
' r.elly was convicted of murder in the first
degree and the judgment has been af
firmed by the State Supreme Court,
Beany. Temple and Henshaw dissenting.
The case will now be taken to the Su
preme Court of the United State* on a
writ of error for final judgment.
Attomey Louis P. Boardman, who has
represented Flannelly since his convic
tion, will leave to-morrow morning for
"Washington to make the final appeal for
nls client's life. Boardman will make
the fight on three questions involving
rights granted the people under the con
stitution of the United States. It Is con
tended that at the preliminary examina
tion the defendant was denied the right
of counsel and that as this right was one
of the prerequisites established by the
Hurtado case as to the validity of pro
ceedings by information where no indict
ment has been found" the point is one
which furnishes a question Involving the
rights of the defendant under the Federal
law and the decision of the United States
Bupreme Court, which fixed the limits of
proceedings by information under the
California law.
It is further claimed that as the com
mon law Grand Jury system is in force
and a part of the law of California., and
as the Grand Jury of San Mateo County
was in Ecsfion and proceeding to investi
»at« the case against Flannelly when the
district Attorney tiled the information,
the Superior Court had no jurisdiction to
procf-ed under the Information until the
Grand Jury had completed its investiga
tion and returned an indictment or ig
nored the charge, as it had the right to do
tinder the constitution and laws of Cali
toruia-
Murderer's Attorney Contends His
Client Has Been Denied His Con
stitutional Bight for a
Fair TriaL
Supreme Justices of United
States Will Be Asked
to Interfere.
FLANNELLY CASE
IS APPEALED TO
HIGHEST COURT
Monday's Great Shoe Sale.
The Bee Hive will sell to-morrow 1200
pairs of ladles', misses' and children's
shoes and ties for 50c a pair. These shoes
are worth none Ies3 than H 50. Sale will
& esll Lf t , 9 a - m - at the Be « Hive Shoo
Co., 717 Market street, near Third, •
Insurance Commissioner A. J. Clunia
and Building and Loan Associations Com
missioners Frank H. Gould and E. D.
McCabe have declared the Tontln« Sav
ings Association to be a gambling and
lottery scheme of the most vicious char
acter. They have requested of the At
torney General permission to us© the
name of the people ln an action to prevent
the association from the further trans
action of business within this State. Ac-
cording to its representations tho Ton
tine Savings Association claims to be a
corporation organized under the laws of
Minnesota. It also claims to have beea
ln the mutual investment business Blnc»
January. 1S34. issuing contracts, etc x
According to these agreements the con
tract holder pays a certain small sum of
money per week for a stated period, and
when the contract reaches the order ot
redemption the association Is to deliver
to the holder valuable diamonds, retail
ing from $200 down, according to tho num
ber of weeks during which money haa
been paid. The State officers made an
Investigation of the Tontine business and
found that it was not being conducted
under any law or license or supervision
of either State commission, although Its
contract system comes closely under the
provisions of both Insurance and building ,
and loan laws. The Tontine peopitJ
claim that the company is exempt frora
the provisions of the law governing either
and that its sole business is that of a
"retail dealer in diamonds" making sales
upon the installment plan.
A.3 to this pretention, the Commission
ers in their letter to Attorney General
Ford for permission to begin action, say:
To this claim we have given the most careful
consideration, and as a resu»t are firmly of tha
opinion that Its claim of beir.c a dealer in dia
'monUs is a mere pretense .rfj-ur.-.M by It for the
purpose of hindering and ¦fcefeatmg the tewa of
i the sjtate and an attempt on ita pirt to tieO.it
the enforcement of the laws of tnis and other
States and to attemnt to evade the laws of th«
! United States prohibiting the use of the mail*
ror any purpose connected with the operation
of a lottery or scheme in the nature ol a lot
tery. .
From our examination of its affairs we pro
nounce It to be a gambling device of the most
vicious nature, holding out to tho speculating
public .visionary promises impossible of per
formance. The principles upon which It claim*
to oserate are wholly fallacions.
The continuance of ccmnanles such as this In
operation constitutes a menace to the prosper
ity and welfa/e of the State. The operation of
such companies is nutinly had among the
poorer classes and those least able to sustain
the loss which must surely resul: from deaKns
with It. We believe it to be our solemn duty
as officers of the State to enact to the fullest
extent all powers which we possess to effect
ually stamp out these" nefarious institutions.
Accordingly we report these facts to you ami
request that you either permit us to use the
name of the State ln a summary action to en
join the further transaction of business by this
institution or that you commence such actioa
yourself as Attorney General of the State.
Action to Be Brought to Dxivo the
"Installment Diamond Dealers"
Out of Business In This ? : t
State. . .* j!
State Commissioners De
nounce the Tontine Sav
ings Association.
PRONOUNCED TO
BE A LOTTERY
IN A DISGUISE
Commencement at The Hitchcock
School, San Rafael.
A very large number of the parents and
friends of pupils met on . the evening of
June 6 at the school to oiler their con
gratulations to those who had been suc
cessful in their examinations. The rooms
were tastefully decorated, and the long
porches were strung with numbers of
Chinese lanterns, which had a very
pretty effect. After the presentation of
the prizes dancing was kept up until a
late hour. • The following were the
year's prize winners: Upper, and Mid
dle Schools— Mathematics— C. ! M. Rich
ter. R. H. Hodgkins. O. Campbell: chem
istry, J. >B. Alvarado: classics— E. W.
Pickersgill. G. M. Pickersglll. E. C. Mail-
Hard. J. Russell; English literature— J. B.
Alvarado. G. M. Pickersgill. J. Jenkins;
botany. J. B. Alvarado: English gram
mar. R. Whlttington: American history—
M. Griffith.- J.' Jenkins: ancient history.
M. Dore: civil government, J. B. Alva
rado: French-J. B. Alvarado. G. M. Pick
ersgill. R. Glrvin: German— M. Griffith, C.
Arnold, R. Girvin: Spanish. J. B. Alva
rado. Junior school— Arithmetic. E. G.
Meyer: geography. E. G. Meyer: history
— S. Davis. P. Dewey: composition. E. G.
Meyer; spelling, J. Sperry; grammar, J.
Lowe; reading. S. Davis; writing— L.
Hayes, J. Lowe.
a new site for the Odd Fellows* Home: S.
G #' £,. eI1 £ rR ot I jOd ee No. 17. A. M. Drew
of 1S6, George W. Stockwell of 325. John
Thompson of 155 and J. H. Mitchell of 2S3.
It will be the duty of this committee,
which will have its headquarters in the
office of the grand secretary in the Odd
Fellows building, to receive offers for
sites, ascertain their availability for the
purpose and present a report to the- next
Grand Lodge, which will meet in 1S0L
Site for Odd Fellows'. Home.
In pursuance of a resolution adopted at
the recent session of the Grand Lodge.
I. O. O. F.. Grand Master W. W. Watson
has appointed the following named as a
special committee to receive proposals for
FUNDS SET ASIDE FOR
EMERGENCY SUPPLIES
Money to Buy Food for Inmates of
Almshouse and City
Hospital.
, Mayor Phelan, Auditor Wells and Super
visor d'Ancona. chairman of the Health
and Hospital Committee, met yesterday
morning in the Mayjor's oitice and decided
to recommend to th'e board that the sum
of $3500 be set aside for the purpose . of
food supplies for the City and County
Almshouse. This action was the result
of a report filed by Captain Reddy, su
perintendent of the Almshouse, who stat
ed that unless something were done the
Inmates In the Institution would be with
out bread by next Tuesday morning.
Reddy said that he had filed a requisition
on the contractors for flour and hay and
they had summarily refused to furnish
any more goods as long as there was any
danger of not receiving payment therefor.
The Mayor said that the matter-was one
of urgent necessity and the money will
be set aside to purchase all necessary sup
plies during the month of June.
Similar action was taken regarding the
City and County Hospital and the sum
<jf $2400 will be ' transferred from the gen
eral fund to a fund for emergency sup
plies. The inmates of • both institutions
are consequently assured of being fed for
the rest of the month.
It being a certainty that there will not
be a division encampment this year, the
question with the National Guardsmen
now is what the commander in 'chief will
do In regard to' brigade or regimental
camps. If he should erect brigade camps
there will be three camps ln different sec
tions of the State. If camps for regi
ments are decided upon some point se
lected near to regimental headquarters
will be selected to cut down, as much
as possible, the cost of transportation.
General Warfleld,\ommanding the Sec
ond Brigade, has been considering the
Idea of a brigade camp. As yet nothing
has been done, but possibly some conclu
sion will be reached this week. The prin
cipal factors in this brigade, the First and
the Fifth Regiments, are not a unit on
the subject. The former is not anxious
for camp life, while the latter would not
object to a week under canvas.
Colonel W. R. Johnson, commanding
the Sixth Infantry, having been granted
leave of absence to enable him to go to
the Hawaiian Islands, Lieutenant Colonel
G. G. • Grant has assumed 'command.
The Fifth Regiment of Infantry devel
oped an unusual amount of activity dur
ing the month of May, twenty-nine en
listments being noted, a number being
re-enlistments. Company F, Captain Ben
nett, has nine to its credit, Company D,
Captain Cheda. has seven, Company B,
Captain Partridge, has six. Company E.
Captain Haven, has five, and Company
H, Captain Bush, has two. This is a most
remarkable record, and- it goes to show
that renewed interest is being taken by
those who are working to recruit their
companies.
First -Lieutenant La Rue A. Deyoe. bat
talion adjutant and'acting inspector of ri
fle practice of the Fifth Infantry, has ten
dered his resignation, as he will shortly
leave the State.
IJeutenant Colonel J. G. Geisting. as
sistant adjutant general of the Second
Brigade, will go on the retired list. He
tendered his resignation to Brigadier Gen
eral Warileld and it has been accepted.
The lieutenant colonel had for some time
contemplated asking to be relieved from
the position ho had ¦ been • filling, but it
was not expected that 'he would tender
his resignation before the close of the
year. With his resignation was a request
to be placed on the retired list, he having
served nearly flf teen years ln the guard.
This has created a vacancy that a number
of ambitious National Guardsmen will be
Blad to fill. • • ' ¦¦¦•'-. ' ' '
The commission ascplonel of the First
Regiment of Infantry has been issued to
Victor D. ; Duboce. who is still confined
to his home by illness, and he has been
sworn In. It Is reported that the colonel
may ask for a leave of absence. If he
should, however, not decide to do that,
he will ask to be placed on 'the retired
list. Then there •will -have to be a new
election and it is probable - that the colo
nelcy will go to the lieutenant colonel —
Anelection for major in the Fifth In
fantry will soon be ordered, vice Julliard,
term expired. There will also ; be an elec
tion ordered for. captain, first and second
lieutenant, of Company H of the Fifth
at Napa, "vice "the. present line 'officers
whose terms will expire early in July.
The champion shoot for medals will be
held at Sacramento on the 14th of July.
Bemarkable Activity in the Fifth
Regiment-— Guardsmen Still at
- Sea on the Encampment
Question.
Resignation of the Lieuten
ant Colonel Has Been
Accepted. \
GEISTING ASKS
TC GO OH THE
RETIRED LIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
Robert Locke, Formerly a Chicago
Physician, Commits Suicide
With a Revolver.
SON OF A PROMINENT
RECTOR KILLS HIMSELF
Mrs. C. J. Marble Appears in Court to
Tell the Judges How It All
Happened.
FOR the third time In less than eighteen months Martin Glynn has been
arrested on complaint of his neighbor, Mrs. -C. J. Marble, on the charge
Qf disturbing the peace. The Glynn and Marble ranches adjoin each other
on the Mission road, and for years the two families have been at war and
have dragged several of their neighbors Into the controversy. Fannie Teagle.
an adherent of Mrs. Marble, was arrested some months ago on complaint of
the Glynns for threatening to shoot Mrs. Glynn and her married daughter, Mrs.
Robertson. Mrs. Teagle complained that Glynn and his family were always try
ing to kill her goats and she had to defend her pets.
Judge Mogan was the arbiter between the warring factions yesterday. Glynn
was accused by Mrs. Marble of chasing her. armed with a knife and a piece of
iron pipe, on the morning of May 25 with the object of killing her. Attorney
Archie Campbell appeared as special prosecutor and Glynn was defended by At
torney Tomsky. All the witnesses who had giv»n their testimony in the pre
vious cases were present and the same old story was threshed out again.
Mrs. Marble testified that between 5 and 6 o'clock on the morning of May 25
Glynn turned his flock of geese Into her corral after tearing down the fence.
She remonstrated with him and he went after her with a knife and a piece of
iron pipe, threatening to cut her up. She did not know what he Intended doing
with the iron pipe. Kvery time he saw her he would Jump at her with a knife.
She had him arrested before and after conviction she got the Judge not to
punish him, but this time she wanted no mercy shown him. He wanted to drive
her away from her home so that he could plant potatoes on her land. The Glynna
also got boys to throw rocks at her house.
"Were you ever In an insane asylum?" asked Attorney Tomsky.
Mrs. Marble nearly fainted. "Me!" she said. "Oh. my! oh. my! What do you
take me for?" She appealed to the Judge, and was so upset that she lost her
voice for a moment. When she regained her composure she called the Glynns
everything that was obnoxious, until she had to be stopped by the Judge. Tom
sky wisely forbore to cross-examine her more.
Mrs. Fnjinie Teagle saw Glynn drive his geese Into Mrs. Marble's corral and
heard Mrs'. Marble "holler." Glynn was ln the habit of running after her goats
with a club. He wanted all the land thereabouts for his geese. Nannie Teagle
her daughter, saw Glynn chasing Mrs. Marble with a knife in his hand. Mrs!
Louisa Welch, Mrs. Marble's daughter, testified to the same effect and also that
Mrs. Robertson, Glynn's daughter, was always challenging old man Marble to
fight.
Glynn gave a general denial to the charge and said that on the morning
of May 251 when the alleged disturbance took place, he was asleep In bed He
had always tried to prevent his geese going into Mrs. Marble's corral. Frank
Palasoa, a neighbor, tried to make out that Mrs. Marble's corral was leased
to him, but the Judge said. he did not believe him and shut off his testimony.
The Judge held that the charge had been proved and ordered Marble to" ap
pear for sentence to-morrow.
GLYNN'S GEESE ALMOST
DISRUPT A COMMUNITY
"A .salute of twenty-one guns will be
fired irem each of the forts named below
at midday on Monday, the lSth inst., in
honor of the patriots who fell ln the ac
tion at Bunker Hill. Massachusetts, on
General Shatter has issued the follow
ig order:
Salute to Bunker Hill Heroes.
the 17th of June, 1775: Alcatraz Island,
from the saluting battery; Fort Baker,
from the 35-inch guns; Fort Mason, from
the 8-inch converted rifles; the Presidio
of San Francisco, from the 8-inch con
verted rifles." .
20
I W^^^^^^C--------^^ LADIES' HEAVY WHITE PIQUE -DRESS SKIRTS AT THE CQp \ \ /^K^llPi]!
% \ S^^Hill I' You Do Hot Get Your Corsets Wo Sell as We Advertise, In Our Busy Muslin In Our Suit Department. \ ' jf/a §
|| /^Wiii' At ROSENBERG'S *¦ UnderwearJJepartment. ¦ -«.., .™ «~. \-S^%^/$/J/ I
M / You Oo Hot Get the Proper Corset, do tou wear 5% gloves? ir so ««<®'^. Q T^^ D « 1WCI $w '" mES . DKES , ,- W\ky I Muf \ H
S / N&r*rrWVflulF "<"«'¦ WE CAN & n S ou a S2 % love tor 60 cents. Cg&iMISs MAKE US SO. v/ LADIES DKESn *r lim\\ //£V "Mix / {M
1 1 \ /// UlV iiS™ AffllS And Another Wonder, ' \j^M "^^ < W ii-^Hl JOSf^!
;C ' \ ''( // // I lli!"^ \\ 11 A IS liilfct UlSr.,. - fillU miUlllWl IBUIIUUli J??«i>, TOWS of torchon in- IV' \ skirt, Iin6d and / yyvJllliVSs H Kir
111 \ UrTvT**.^V-\~ Illlilm. u'-i'^nr^v vattifn- rOHSEV //9k RENOWrfoLOVB l^^iPr rows" of tucks. f ° UI " 1*0 .\ taVloVed f nowVsO. / // /^4^^£^Sw M>|
£5* \ / V^ T>i^ 1 H\/ A \ , t \* JS* Q % Ffi!l ?«^iSS.lP SSm7i^ ' h « -which is known r^pfv/ Yoke and sleeves /%! .,..„,„ / 77// % f * \ \\\V\ W
4 \ /—r-73lX 'Wl \W\Vo . U 1 7 iad ? ( 0 /, th L, L .SnlnnS wh ?« *~£?U I the world over for /-3jN . arc trimmed with I &L \ flH me' fi \n\\\ / SJ 0^ U \ \\\\\\ gj
4i \ a77/7^-U> *r;>4 I W \ comes in plaidodoffects in pink and whlto lit and wear-two- \i \ wide torchon lace. r4>\\ LdUIB5 UIUIII ' -rmjc: *,»~.*\ * \\ A H*
I Y£^£rZ£5»&J an Tne bl^w an twe^iefn century shape; rust .ZV^. S^S^ ' H, 69* th . le "^h and U&W SUJtS $6.95, 7"^ A^^ WK M
I /£> f/<&~F Z»^/?/ r i£> r *7>9/* \JV/\&/ buy no other; war- fUlJf \vi£T price we ask for this / J%fl H W and CHEVIOT ' 183
This Week a $2 Corset for $1. XH «ntedandmted». Sap \m hs? 8^" Bl2es ' -*mv^ suits. $15. Long Life for Little Money. if
1 Thin People Hade Fat. %M m. ; JsUiLr* Ladjes ' Skirts - ROSENBERG'S Hosiery Excels The Adrienne Brace. ||
I v> alwav* lead in .howirg .ontthlm P$& pt the b ? st hlack $& T^ F F E^A S^^W^\ LADIES' SKIRTS. nUoCWDj.«0 0 HUS^ tACBIb A1 ,,, ions of wom=n and chi|dren n;;J ||
% newVKS 11 « "^ '• $/mK SSSblfffi. "Seel?: GlivEsfw^rran^ W jid^ made of soft bleached | n IWgo,. aR( j Cjf SUCh a brace as the ADRIENNE. It b M
i~Jt Why not have a model form? V*--;4^ f'^n ™« nroo' ed fast hlack: well sewed. . / \ /// muslin, finished with III IlCai QI1U III. One of the wants Ot the hour It is si m- K8
I This time It i? a BUST PERFECTOR. },^f \ *1*° ™%. &J™* The slove you want for warm weather. \ ,//</ * . d £ e P lawn . flounce. PRICES WAT DOWN. BUT NOT IN Z,nrt ~rfwtln «in«»rn?H«n l-hr»M« Kg
It is cestened to be worn over a corset. (vEf J tjont Bteeis: harm Warm weather gloves at winter prices; >U|if9* w *> n a . n , J . n e-inch- QUALITY. pis and perfect In construction. I: holds Eg
# but a>o can bo worn without if so de- f pored, bias cut. 2gc & pair s y* *w y,-uj e embroidery. LADIES' FAST - BLACK RIBBED the wearer erect and yet Is not binding. KB
| i!tf*£SJ^%$2Z^82?£& V \ 8v}lrSS r -S2 t ne l w /^A> f0 V U t£ SSUSS* SS^-o^hi^-iggfti^^ ¥ffl It If the best spta.l supporter node; In- g|
S crs are delighted -nith it because it *>n- / V military erectr.ess S4. 50 G 0V8 NOW DUG than what we ask for this skirt; come in week's D'-ice 19 cents *<"«• * valuable to sufferers of Weak back, K£
g ables them to &lve their patrons a perfect /•••'•.. \ of £*TTlaB*i this T MANUFACTURER was overstocked Rnd ve t s^fh. te^t n » d -| e^ 7 We dOn>t teU * round shoulders and pulmonary troubles. |S
ot fit and a nerfect bust. • V\ weeks price Ji. •«¦ -uA 4 >u»AuiunMi was oversiocKea you the truth; price <9 cents. . v— .•. .t.i.». ,«» k- .t»-,^h. r i ?« «h. S&L
I if worn r wnhout a corset it Is an effi- /m&'-'^-'^V ln Elzes 5^> ln °P era len e th GLOVES. ji , „.. . Tmn „.„„ Your skirts can be attached to the g
%\ rler.t bust supporter and will bp hailed * .§?" ¦¦ '" JjQi \A/ 0 flnn't Want ' There is not a better glove made for lit • .j- _j n»«..,«r« zfi3&$!fc&. L3QI6S Idl) HOSCi brace With only a hOOK and eye, tr.US re- Sg
ijj with delight by athletic women who want / / %i£g^*ftp ''' C UU!I1 »'Q l11 and wear than what these are. They are L3QIBS UlaWclSi »^^^l Same quality as above. Heving the unhealthy pressure On the %
'£ th w[thin ever t yb e odr's ee reach this week. / "v '\'^ Tfi RnR^t made of the best undrejsed kid, ia colors LADIES' DRAWERS, made of the best f&!illi$£f This week's price 17 cents". delicate organs of the body. &£
5 Bricea. ¦ V. ';Sj«^ Vpvn,. nrr,T pink. hiue. tan, green, etc.; M and 30 but- cambric, finished with a deep ruffle, edged t YU'firSl 11^^ ??t r iV# What the leading physicians say: p
C : ' • IF lOii AHL rAi t nn lenpth. with a wide torchon insertion and lace, T3Vt*I?«/ ,Aoi. , tAbi uuu _, r r B .| nVnn j np KT^ccp- if nil *ah
| . - ir &'-®m E n CA T^l^ AK J We' "wish we were maUln, what the gS^?^ "SpSSnS value; M|| gOSE^J^^ for and Df. JE.S.R. If^a.. g
<£ TpmntinP' V2 UGS III Ullr / R YOU AMU THIN manufacturer lost on them; his price was w a i«ii. . ISSIsM QTV patpq rn-R oo j corjsumptloo would become uokoown. ja
| ICIIUHIIg tciuco in uui » wk cAN MAKK }?? a dozen. nnnn' l I J- » Pllfl SIX PAIRS FOR 98o, and It gives the wearer the military erect- *M
8 NQtlOn DBDartn^nti you fat. interview oun corset u your size is 5%. ins loss your gain; 200 PSIfS Of LSdlGS |l |» • r>1 *J 7 " J ™; CT ness of walk. We don't want to boast. fM
1 Be" biISk corduiioy skirt DEMONSTRATOR. this.eeft's price 50 cents. g« , but they're worth their weight in gold, B
E BINDING. 3 cents a vard. ..•¦¦• fg|, . ¦ . lilUollll UIQWClO lib a iQlli »8 |g| ribbed, double heels and For next week's selling:, Sl.OO. 2&9
gi BRfSH BRAID FOR SK'IT BIND- HPWBrP flf ImildtlOnS. ti+>*>*Xl l ADTQIIS " ¦ 365 LADIES' SOFT BLEACHED MTJS- I iff toes, full length, all sizes; .... .,. Jl. S3
S ING. the kind that never ..ears out. 4 DCKdlB Ul II.IIICIIUIIOi «fl/%K?fl * rt F lulli> ' . - LIN CORSET COVERS at the given 1 3/ as an inducement 6 pairs \\\ Wfl line I Va ThP<5P That
S8 cents a vard. If vou vant the LA VIDA CORSET or , At , . , awavDrice of Scents each \ II for 98c. . II 0 VdlUOO LIRtJ I IlCOO Illdl -|
| S^t STEEL SAFETY PINS. 3 cents a the SuS?ROB'T WERLBY COBBOT M^^ th^ l «J CbSan ™%$&VFmll*S2k entrance). \l p iLn MaVo He RtlCU H
m d La C ?^ Balls KNITTING SILK, all col- o ?Vtw? £1"™* ' MV^i ' SluleuU'Sve"' th^sh^ 1/ FOF the COUntrV, MaKe US M
I °BEST e ENGLISH BOOK PINS. 450 a,- You are^sure to find the genuine here. fUMf , S.= !5ff? thSS EVGrVbOdV WailtS t!i3 BeSt I |fc TrD» f A SI 25 Slim- "^TaviSs^UT^v™
0 ported pins In a book: you know whit . Mfcj \WJ l nurses' aprons. The price > ' , . il " 5 '"" ... *'' 5 ™ A FRONTS trimmed with gj
1 others ask for them; our price 10 cents a iffiMu£(m&ni CfcJr ftHj^r . !¦ j^very fow . at »¦ cent. They Call Get TOF Th6lf MOP.ey. U\V met DfeSS Skirt for 59C. ft*?) Valenciennes lace and inser- ||
| b BEST STOCKINET DRESS SHIELDS. U0I1 t OVenOOK I IlIS 5llK iKirt, * AND HERE IS WHERE TOUCAN LADIES' WHTTH li°wn" " 4^
ik 5 CC5 f . S T> a T pa Trf-T»r-/->ve *v, ~~*a i,'m"^, You must think I SrilOC 1 V0QtC GET IT. xtt*« «V^^ PIQUE SKIRT. DEEP « j[ Just the thing for summer 2^
R PEARL BLTTONS. the good, heavy • / , LdUlcS YBolbi . LADIES" SILK VESTS MADE OF THE HEM. ALL LENGTHS. TO BE SOLD AT /Srf£vt wear; worth double; tbi3 -*&?
r kind, from the smallest to as large as a jC~" we are j us t talk- Made of extra fine Peruvian cotton, low BEST AMERICAN SILK. SWISS, THE EXCEPTIONALLY • week 63 centa. "«^
m 10-oent piece »,„??„„«, >, e^ //Vv=s«=5«L- ;„„ ,,,hor, «,» t«ll neck, no sleeves. Neck and sleeves RIBBED. LOW NECKED AND SHORT LOW PRICE OF 59c. ATsrA 7i/ : ii\V .^S!
m If you are In need of any buttons here If />^^f** ing Wnen We tell trimmed with lace. Swiss ribbed; Just the SLEEVES. SILK- LACE TRIMMED, _ >/«»\ / T ]L«5s. AnrlCtMl Annthnr KSS
m l *T\l h ve?Ss°VH£-6 cents a dozen. J^SSk we are sell- garment for summer wear. Our price 17 ™^ o ™^^. J™ Th6 LatSSt Fad f^Wpt t4?^ r S ''ifj, 8 nrn.rn P
/C^SS^b^i^^, U1 & ll V/'J 11 llrP^^ \Kirt? VTV^flprV- " LAWN FRONTS, trimmed a*
S Crmo PrnH Thinrre Arnnnrl *ho $£&^£&£&&' Moreon Skirt for f^jwor us va/ith r\ mail order. hi uigoo CnillOi fX*)u"?^^ with lace heading and Mark velvet ribbon.
# come boon inings Arouna me oiore, S4 48 it "h^^ "fl A 8ho - t skirt f ° r (Okio stock 1 " 6 collars 01 " aTow
Ki LADIES' POLKA DOT HOSE. 12V4 cents LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of all- t £& |-^ jf^b &> Z3k VT& fr^ 2^ M tf% made^ihe best checked \O?f# TACH ED; lace trimmed f marked spec^".
2 a r (TlT nnrn PFR( mt E WRAP . silk French moroon. finished with a ten- ff" H « Bfw u\. « Dk^L; i | » P fl B jL^ A c^nim. pleated back, bias Ml JUS -o cents. Rgj
R p,Vn«?K^iS« int-h accordion plaited flounce, edged with \7 Mt/ XL *L \^F H^T A M IKJ' h. (C.^ fold and tailor finished. £?IH* n , ..... ?ll
« i/Jik at nnr'a cent LADIES 1 SHIRT a ruchinff of silk taffeta; we bought an ...... .- . v . . ; : - C-2P < They nt well because EM 11 GrP^^makPr^ AlTPntinn SS
fi Look at our 33 cent LAUit-b fetiiKi enormous quantity of silk moreen, other- €> H gSS. JIVJ /I JC» M^T S="T" OTDCCT 1^^ they are made that way. Sm HI UIBd&HiaRCld f MlldllllUll. &&
%'i When vou buv vnur POCKETBOOK iSf> w « ™» If3 Iiot b £ nli!o lo sel1 these O/O IV! *A f\ t\ £Z ! C^i tX JEZ EZ 1 , We are not sure they will $4 Hi. I 4J5 yards of penuin« HAIR CLOTH. IS £&
£j h*>re Ve nut on coin initials free ekirts at such a low figure. «.,•». last all day at the price. ST^sJti inches wide, steam shrunk; you know >3
t KrlsCLEAXEDANDMADETO .These $7 50 skirts for Malay's selling. RuiHling thrOUffh tO 11 0 FaiTell St., Phelan Buildinff. are £elllns them for W5P* what the wholesalers ask for It; our prica W
fS LOOK LIKE NEW. 5 cents a pair. ** 4S- . *~ jl .V»*. IS cents. B&BAlgers in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. June 9.— General Rus
sell Alger. C. M. Al^cr,« Colonel F. K.
Hecker, Harry Russell and George B.
Russell are here looking into mining: and
Irrigation reservoir schemes. They repre
sent Michigan capitalists and it Is be
lieved they trill make large Investments
in tte Territory.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. June 3.—Ex-Gov
ernor Oates shot and killed a negro at
his residence in this city. H<» heard a
pistol- shot In his kitchen, and on going
to investigate found his cook lying on
the floor, killed by a neprr> then In the
room. The n»?ro who did the killlnf?
then started toward Governor Oates with
his pistol in hand. The negro, not paying
any attentions to warnings not to "ad
vance. Governor Oates shot and killed
him- .
• .
Wilcoz Jury Disagrees.
Special Discatch to; The CalL
SANTA ROSA, June 9.— -The jury in the
case of George WIlcox, on trial for the
murder of his wife, was unable to agree
and was discharged to-night, after being
out since Wednesday afternoon. It fs
stated the jury stood nine for murder Ir
the second degree and three for. man
slaughter. A new trial of the case will be
had.
Murder-r Shot by ex-Governor Oatcs
of Alabama.
KXXI.S A 2TEGBO.
in Killing Stanley.
NAPA. June ».— The examination of
Frank Matthai, charged with the killing
of George Stanley, has been set for June
20. Matthai's plea will be self-defense.
He claims that Stanley was a. trespasser
upon his sister's land and intended to
carry away rock that belonged to her*
that he had the same right to attempt to
drive Stanley away with a gun that he
would to drive away & burglar who was
attempting to carry property from bis
house, and that when Staniry grasp-.j
the gunhe had a perfect right to shoot
him, believing that hi3 own iife was in
danger.
The fact that the Coroner'3 jury did
not charge him with murder, in direct
terms, but said that Stanley died "from
the effe- t of a gunshot wound inflicted
by on« Frank Matthai" without furth»
comme.it. encourasres Matthai In the be
lief that had he taken the stand and
told his side of the story at the Inquest
a verdict of justifiable homicide might
have been returned.
Frank Matthai Says He Was Justifli
WILL PLEAD SELF-DEFENSE.
Special Dispatch t> The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been srranted &s follows:
California: Original— William O. Gould, j
Sar. Francisco, JLJ; William F. Frams. j
Upton. Jii; Collins B. Harmon. Haywards. !
JS; John F. Siegler, Olencoe. J10; Philip |
Kehoe. Soldiers* Home, Loa Angeles, JS- j
Increase— William Watson. Los Angeles,
80; Thomas McQuillln. San Jose, J10. |
Thomas J. Hogan. San Francisco, J3». \
Original widows, etc. — Amanda Wahlroos, i
San Francisco, J12.
Oregon: Original— Charles W. Atwood. j
Glendale, $*>. Increase— Thomas Wells, {
Prosper, $10: Edward Thayer. Toledo, $10. t
Original widows, etc — Reissue. Ann E. }
Burnslde. Hints, $12.
Washington: Renewal — George Wlclt, I
Dayton. $ti. Increase— Huph C Thompson, !
Soldiers* Home. Ortrng-. $S.
A postoffiee has b*en established at !
Lawton, Grant County, Or., and Franir>
G. Hull appointed Postmaster. -* 'j
The following Postmasters have been S
commissioned: California— To wle, Edwin }
T. Robie. Washington — Black Diamond,
Charles MeKInnon. t
The following Postmasters have been
appointed: .California— Courtland, Sacra
mento County. J. H. McGaughraa. vice
Joseph W. Houston, deceased. Oreg-on —
Colestin, Jackson County. Henry C. Tel
ford, rice Chloe A. Cole, resigned.
Army orders: Major J. A. Watrous, pay
master, now at Portland, Or., has been
ordered to San Francisco for assignment
to duty.
The President to-day approved the
findings and sentence in the case of Cap- j
tain Peter C. Demlng, tried at San Fran- j
Cisco, and who was dismissed from the <
army and sentenced 10 the penitentiary
for three years.
The Secretary of the Treasury, who has
the supervision and direction of the en
forcement of the Chinese exclusion act,
ur.der the law passed June 5. has pre
pared a circular directing all special in
spectors of the department to report here
after matters pertaining to the adminis
tration of thd Chinese exclusion act to
Commissioner > General Powderly of the
Immigration Bureau. Assistant Secretary
Spaulding. under whose direction the act
nas been enforced heretofore, and Assist
ant Secretary Taylor, to whom the Com
missioner General of Immigration reports,
held a conference yesterday on the sub
ject with Mr. Powderly. The circular em
bodies the necessary orders for enforcing
the exclusion law.
President McKlnley In a few days will
tender to Representative de Vrles the ap
pointment as a member of the Board of
General Appraisers at New York to fill
the vacancy to which the President ap
pointed William D. Bynum, whose nom
ination was rejected by the Senate. Mr.
de Vries was strongly urged for the place
by the Pacific Coast delegations In Con
gress and by many prominent Democrats
tnroughout the country.
Pensions Granted, Postoffices Estab
lished and Postmasters Ap
pointed.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
City of Cariaco Is Terribly Damaged,
While Cumana and Cumanacoa
Also Suffer.
Special Cable to The Call »n<i New York
Herald. Coprrlrht. 1SWJ. by the Herald
Publishing Cornpaoy.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Jun* 9.— A series
of earthquakes lasting one hour to-day
shook Ctiraana. Cumanacoa and Cariaco.
Venezuela. Cartaco was terribly dam
•age<k ."- . 1 .- S i: ' " '" '"
Cariaco is a tewn of about 7>») inhabi
tants, near the Gulf of Cariaco. forty
miles from Cumana. which Is on the Gulf
of Cariaco at the mouth of the Manza
nares River.
Cumana is the oldest European city of
the new continent- It was founded by
Diego Castelloti In 153. Before the revo
lution of 1S23 it had a population of 30,000,
but the estimated population a few years
ago was only 10,000. Earthquakes have
been frequent In and around Cumana,
consequently all its houses are low
pitched.
Cumanacoa Is about forty ml!e« south
east of Cumana. It has a population of
nearly 3»).
ENTOMBED MINERS
NOT YET IDENTIFIED
Two Additional Severe Explosions
Have Occuned at the Rend
Collieries.
GLOUCESTER. Ohio. June 9.— The ex
plosion at mine No. 2 cf the Rend col
lieries has so far as known resulted in
the death of eight miners, and their bodies
are lying somewhere at the bottom of the
shafts. None have been recovered, nor
can their names be learned until -friends
appear. Two more explosions occurred,
cne at 5 o'clock and one at 7 o'clock last
evening. Fifty men who were overcome
by after-damp are improving. No. 2 shaft
will be clcsed and work will progress from
No. S-
It is verr likely the bodies in the mine
will have been cremated by the flames
that followed the explosion, and the only
w»y the exact number of missing men can
be learned will be when the return of the
check? Is made. Four hundred men are
thrrrwn oct of employment and the loss
is thousands of dollars.
1TEW SORORITY HOME.
Ground Broken by a Member of the
Delta Gamma.
FperlaJ Dt^ratch to Th* Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 9.—
On Saturday afternoon of last week Mis?
Lillian P.ay. Stanford. 'ST. took the fir*t
spade of earth from the excavation being
made en Lasuen avenue, over which the
I>elta Gamma Sorority house is to be
erected. The lot leased by the Sorority
iles between the Kappa Kappa Gamma
and Phi D«>;:a Th^ta -houses and is a very
location. The house will be a square
structure of the Moorish style cf archi
tecture.- buflded both from the view of
securing commodious apartments and of
having a beautiful home. Wolf & Mc-
Ker.sle of San Francisco are the archi
tects. J
The house will have a frontage of fZ,
feet and a depth of 6S feet. - A wide
veranda will extend across the entire
front and will b« so constructed as to
make It accessible from both the first and
second floors.
The main entrance Is from the verand*
to the reception hall, a large room 2Sx2i
fp*»t. To the right of the hall Js the din
ing-room and back of this are the kitchen,
par.tries and china closets. On the left
sidr of the house are two razors and a
small library- Fireplace? will be con
structed in several of the general rooms.
Large nrche* without doors connect the
rooms cf the ftrst floor and make a verv
g-ood arrangement for entertaining guesta.
A spiral stafrway leads to the upper
stories. On the second floor are eljrht
sleeping rooms and on the third are four
more, making sufficient room to accom
modate about twenty-five persons.
Suicide of •an Invalid.
Special Dispatch ta The Ctll.
BOISE. Idaho, June 9.— Mrs. John Han
son, wife of a well-known farmer, com
mitted enfeide by leaping- into Harris
Creek at 2 o'clock this morning'. She had
been an Invalid for months, being- unable
15 walk without assistance, but *he stole
from the b*<l where her husband was
sleepir.p an'l walked to the creek. Her
husband awoke fully an hour after the
wife made the fatal leap and soon found
her body. He dragged It from the ditch
himself and then summoned some camp
ers to help him carry It to the house.
Lorillard's Boat Burned.
WEST PALM BEACH. Fla., June S —
Pierre Lorillard's famous house boat Cai
man was destroyed by fire Thursday
¦while anchored in the river near New
Smyrna. Tiie boat la said to cave cost
FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S
CLUBS HAS ADJOURNED
No Effort Was Made by the Delegate
- to Take the Color Question From
the Table.
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. June 9.— The de
parture of Mrs. Rebecca. Lowe at 2
oclqck- to-day concluded the Club
woaier/s Convention.
The new board of directors at its meet
ing made no effort to take the color
question from the table, and one membtr
is authority tor the statement that it will
never b* taken from the table. There is
some talk by Mrs. Ruffin. on the other
hand, of instigating- legal proceedings
against the association whereby she will
*eek to have her rights. The meeting of
the council over which Mrs. Lowe pre
sided brought out Informal discussion as
to future plans.
IXtrinj? the session came a communica
tion from the art committee of the con
ventien which the council approved. It
was;
"P-esolvcd, That the board of directors
empower th«? art committee to appoint
sub-committees of correspondence as a
medium of interchange for the art and
crafts p.nd home industries of the various
States."
This new movement among women'3
clubs is the practical outcome of the
«T>lendid exhibit of these industries held
for the Prst time in connection with the
Clubwomen's Convention. A.«ide from in
vitations of Boston and Buffalo for the
next biennial have come Invitations frora
I..o« Ar.ffc!< > ? and Chautauqua. The invi
tations are to be considered later by the
board.
OPPOSITION WINS IN
BRITISH COLUMBIA
SERIES OF VERY SHARP
EARTHQUAKES IN VENEZUELA
Straight Conservatives Will, How
ever. Have a Strong Individual
Folio-wing in Parliament.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 9.— The Mar
tin Government has been overwhelmingly
defeated as a result of to-day's election
for members of the Proi-incial Parliament.
The Leeislature i» composed of thlrty
eipht and at midnight returns have been
received from thirty-five constituencies In
dlcatir^j the election of twenty-ei/jht op
position and only seven straight support
ers of the Government. The other seats
which are still tn doubt will probably re
turn opposition members. Premier Martin
doe* not acknowledge an absolute defeat,
but claims his ability to Induce half a
doren members-elect counted among the
opposition to support his government upon
a vote of want of confidence in the House.
The straight Conservatives will have the
strongest inaividua.1 following in the next
Parliament, having elected thirteen mem
bers. Martin, the Premier, is elected In
Vancouver, as b also Smith-Curti?. Min
ister of Mine*, in Rossland district, and
J. F. Brown of Westminster. Minister of
Finance. Two of the Ministers — Yates of
Victoria and Beebe of Yale— are defeated.
Charles Wilson, leader of the Conserva
tives, and F. L. Carter-Cotton, leader of
the Proi-incial party, are both defeated in
Vancouver City, where Mayor Garden led
the pell in the Conservative Interests.
It is predicted that when the House and
the Government have been overthrown on
a vote of want of confidence then either
Turner of Victoria. Mayor
Garden of Vancouver or H. D. Helmcken
of \ ictorla will be called upon to form a
Conservative Government.
MANY DIPLOMAS
ISSUED BY THE
STATE BOARD
Report of the Committee
on Credentials Is
Adopted.
r^iss Ella Ale cf San Dlejro County
Is Acquitted cf the Charges
cf Uaprofessioaal
Conduct.
DadzAtsU to accompany ur^'verjity fitplota*—
<»rac» VcSBsctOB Ark»rtnan. reccminended bj
th« Nara Carat* Beard: WiUiam F. Belfrar-
T='.ar-: llarti^ Ar.nnte Brt»r. Alameda: Ccr-
t»oruT.ect» to aecnKpaay Normal School
£!piorr^»— Mary V. Abbott, recmnmer.ded by the
!>¦-» Anrei*-* CVjaBt/ Board: Orace Ard'rsca,
Z-^« Ar.jtr>*: Lela Barae*. Pan Di»a-o; Viirto
rta Ea:»naa, L<:» Ar.f»>»: A'.:n» Brown. Log
Art»:»?: Eili I. Canlcia. ft»r:*:*us: Ma Elea-
E^r Carrick. Lo* Ar.ipeles: Bcnie'Gcltfia Ccl
lir;?. T^lare; Alice •». Cro-«-^!l, Los Ar.y<>:e*:
3£r*. N«I!1» C. L>«vrk<Ty. Stsksrou: M. Edyth
Kerjrus^ti; T ; ¦ -. S. Gilbert, r**x>^:zr.er;€»il by
• v « Pf iHf*"f i.'cur.ty Briard; Clara A. Kicks,
Siskiyou; Mavde Lcr*=* Kefir, ?*n Dieir>;
E— —a May Ki=x. Orar^e; Etcm* Lobessteln.
Coron:*; Margaret M^adffr. Lc« Acjr»Ies: J. \r.
Mc*h*r. Lc? Ac«e-:e»: N'accr Blair McCiaire.
Bacra r=ertr> ; Burn* y r*ort»r. Lo« Anjfeie*; Dora
E - Hard, Lr-s A.-gtlrs; Frar.k P. Sproul. l>s
Ar.c»v»: N*:!i«- M. Ftunevast. A!*=i»da; W.
V.'. Trl:t. Ua Anr«Ie»: <.>rtrude F. Vennlr^
S-o» Anseits- Ida E. V.T-.itt!n*tc=. San Dier>:
EJh«r;a it. STUUKi !>¦•* Ann^ies: Clara E. V\"il
•c-m. Tulxre; ilary K. "Wittica. Lob Anyeles;
Sir*. \1 . L. \v~rrfc. Tuiar*.
rariitc: Kuty May Hickerscn. Plu=as: Mrs.
Ella XT. Hvrtae, Fan Diego; Isabel L.
Hunt. AlaTT.eda; Ida Klockfr.haca. Sutter:
Alice H. Lacri^y. Nevada; Hattie E. Lang
mchfii. Nevada: J. Mcrpan ilcSfahon. recom
trecded by the Toatxtmaa Coar.ty board; Mattie
N;t*.«. Pajcrame=tr>; Walter C. Nolan. Sonoma.;
Jiri»« H. Ulyarv, Ftar.ifUus; <^ora. E. Palmer.
Nara; Mr*. Anna E. Parlin. San Francisco;
Fiar.;* M. J>as*. saa VUrgo; Edith M- i"ier«oa.
Buire; Ir->in I.'. Perry. Fan Bernardino; Mre.
Nellie I. Pr.tt»r. L»->* An?»>«; Lc<»IU R. Pren
tis*. L<.->* Ar.r»Ie«: S'mprcnia E. PofEeinae. So
ncrsa; CarfJta* E. Balw. Lasser.; Mary Edith
fha*. Oi»r.2; Lulu M. Stcirnaw. Ln« Ar.s»!e»;
Ma-y A. ?t*»art. Fre*no: Florence Teller,. 7>
hanu: Jesslt P«a.rn» Ward. Sacramento: I«ab<?I
WirrrjtE. T*^-aina; Pauline C. Wltthoua*,
Fr^^rip; G«-->r»«: A. Tourjt. S*d Bernardino.
&lu<»tioiiai <Jti)!cn-.as cf the grammar Rraie —
*Ir». Lola Atkins. reccs:35^nd«rd bs' the Butte
GoBSty beard; Adelaide Babbitt. I>o» Angele»;
Er.si T. Bacon, Lr» Anfel*-«: Ser*pta A.
Bartt*. Tv>:u=!ne: Elancii^ -iay!e». Triusa;
ATUta M. Ktshcp. Scnrana; Marr F. Brearty.
>n-rra; Bertha A. Bricfcaaj, Sonoma; Mar
ru^r;te Brawn. Cortr* Co»ta; Alice C. Bura
b*ojch. cencraa; J«ascette Cantrell. Yo!o:
Kl.-.h L. i'i*». Santa Cruz: Sacin»l Marshall
Ct»n»jr. «jl»r.n; R&»-» Cracdall, r»an Bernardino;
Mabel Dstvis. tan Bernardino; R. Eva r>er.r.is.
ScncTT.a; ComeTia DBtCB. Los .Vn?ele*; Delia
Dcretta Fish. Tehama; Elizabeth Freese. San
V:tf;r; Kate C. Gllcreath. Saa Bernardino;
\a-\*. G'.a»^i-H-Vc. Ventura: E?ssle L. Greafell.
Educational ciptoc-j* of the H!?h Schosl
rrade— B. F. Allison, r*c?nirn«»nded by the Te
h*ari County It>ard; 5. D. Brijrgs. san Ber-
CArdino; Mary M. Dole. !>?« An*-? lea.
Vojpm, Eil»n L>. Westsraan. Lo» Anseiea;
Waste Vcack. Santa Cruz; Marie T. Wiston.
Bernardino: <:hartcrte El^iir* Wood, Con
tra Costa; £op£ia E~ Want, ca-rarnento; Clara
Tossr. Loa Arir?!"*.
MU2r«'d S. Taylor. Fr**n<r. F. E. T^bb*.
Eiaitiycu: Mar?- F. Tracy," Saenteento; Clara
V:\ian. AUx«ii; Juha V. Ward. Butte;
Martha A. Wa.t».3r.. tan Francisco; G. M.
<-csta; H. E. Perrtn. r^eosamended by 'the San
fc>nuLni:no Couaty b-^rd; Mrs. Mabel V.
Pett:;rrew. I>.-s Anceies; Mrs. F. M.
les.^: Ada PettUofcn; Charles A- P««l.
a r:.r;:a: Mrs. Fa'-.de C. Pretle. Alara^ia;
ilrs. lilar-cse Tarr Reynclds. Ventura; Ezn^Une
L. Booert*. Sa^ Frascitco; Margaret AJ Rab
:nsoa. Sia Frar:c!«<-«>; Liiian Roden. Alaraeila;
iier;*? J. B-Zfrrs. Ventura ; May M. i-.»rr.r>«or..
FraiiCP* liisode* Saunder*. tan Ber.
card:co: Kat<» She^ty, C»tfier ShaJTer. Jennl*
Ekiarer, Wntar*; Agnes 31. -tftpith. Sacr«
irec£5i Aib*rca_ fcL Ste*noa,l*»» ah?»1»t: M J.'
J»;*s#er. N-»\«!a; ilir> tJ. Su'.ISvan. s-xn Fraa-
c:*co; M. Jciie McKeilar. Lea Acsreles; Esther
M. KevrtOB. fean ii-rcardtao; Fred Wi Misn.
BtrT-jLTdino ; Mrs. NeSXa E. O'Brien. Contra
Lite cipicira* of the craxemar grade — Vl«*
Arr.n r_». rrct.ir.ir.er.iel ty tte Tolo County
Board; Heiea O. Andersen. L..» As««!es; Jia.r>
M. F-»i.er. Lo« .Kngele*; Mrs. M. A. liauaiann.
Vulare; Hijse EUraajr E*aty. Vuba; Caroline
Bci.k«'lth. sae. t~v±uc-scu; balds* liefia^a. Co
:•-.-* Slarsiret E- Berr.stein. Kings; Clara E.
Cacierca. »»a i3«mardino; Mrs. ii»^rae B. C*a
fl«id. i'reeso; El=ier Lafayette Cave. Nap*;
Jo»*ph L>. Ccr^ior and l<eroy E». Cook. L«O6 An
reics; Siillte M. Cox, Santa Cruz; Maude E.
Crew, Lea Angeles; Area T. Crouz&weil. S1.3
Frasidsco; Ali^-e E. Uater, SoLano; Luts
- - •--. .-;•¦ n.r.i^adei t> -.r.e L>.» Aa-
F*;es Board; carah. J. r>e»i=«. Aiaraeda;
Frarj»« Si. iid wards, iaa Francisco;
Mary France* Fitzgerald, tan Krasciaco;
Mary AfttUta Oifcltr. Voio; E. Minerva Oiea
fozi. L»js Arjeeifc*; Ciara J. Haas. Lo* Asje
it-*; Ma.rj- hL faan^alcer. i>range. i'earl Ho&art.
s»- Framc^co; Emaaa Ho-l^e, Mn tiernardinu ;
Caroline G. Hoo-i. tvn'itna. May E. Hui-h..ns,
baa Jcijuii; Lc-uisa W. Hutchison, Los An
ge.-r*; Ida M. Jcaes, Orar.ge: Mrs. A. E. Kedon,
~*- Fr«-aci=co; «^ecrse E. Laric«y. L«^s Armeies;
Jirs. Oanic ;.- . r: _- A: t >!~. K.c*rt A.
L^-. S-r-ra <Jlara; Jo&ei/clne i_**zvnsky. g 4n
Francisco; Nanno Uvta«stca. t«.a Franci»co;
Margaret J^jng. Aacraruento ; Laura Manning.
Iv-s Ar*;les; Miry a Morell. Yolo; France*
Mu-rrU, Cci-asa; ScUte A. Mor>e, can Francisco.
ilattie. Morrow. Sacrsimento; L:bbie Mosh«r,
L«.« Aneele*; Jaha. May Jlevera, can iSemar
:..-.;. Exci I. McCraelten. Aiameda; Bertna
McDamel. iian Bernardino; Mn. Sitter McF*r-
Uni. Battt : Kataerint A. McGivera. San Fraa-
I-ir« ditiocia* cf the ii £-. School frade —
Frederic Utter Burk. reccaiceaded ty tee
Jsoiiocia. Cocctj- Bt-inj; Juses A. Foshay. Lcs
inj«tf»; Saaaaa i>. li-fbck. HlMti i>et:tui. Kiea-
Bor Jotnson. Ala^ne-ia; Wtrrea i^oree. i-*a Her
i-- H. Arr.i.a-s^jw, can J^a<;uia; l^jais K.
V.'ebb. Fre»io; f. fc. K*2-jM.
ColunfcU. UrJversity cf New York and
Clark L'ruverslty of Massachusetts were
placed on the accredited lists.
Certincates and dijjiom*j» were gr&nted
Jure 9— The Scate
Bctrd cf Education tc-day inquired into
tr.<? charges of unprofessional conduct pre
'¦••' '- againsx iliss Ella E. Ale, a teacher
<i ban Diego County. The alleged offend
:r.s <-' illss Ale consisted In her hiring
u*~d a certificate which had not been
legally prasted. Miss Ale, tt appears, is
jW 'o go to Gcnr.any to make h^ppy a
bimfig pnnftinof who is over there sighing
for h«r. *r;d she urged the board to e pe«rdy
en the charges. It developed that
the charges v.ere based somewhat oa
technicalities, that liiis Ale had splendid
<iuaiincations from uther State* , and so
the board gaila-titly i:ajssed & resolution
atsciving ter from blame. It was re
eolvetl to have a co:rnnittee define what
Is '•usprcfesslonaJ conduct," so that the
boa.rd cay be tiuded in future troubles of
the ki=i
Special D!ir*:eh to The ClU.
Whenever it *hall appear to th* governing
committee that a member of the erchange has
formed a partnership whereby the Interest and
joc-i repute of the- exchange may sailer the
committee may, after investigating the facu
of the case, require the said member to dis
solve the partnership.
Suspension I? the penalty for failure to
comply with this requirement.
J. Overton Paine said that a continuous
effort to blackmail him and Injure his
credit in the street had been made by cer
tain persons for the past year.
"Notice of our dissolution," he said, "Is
already prepared and will be handed to
the secretary of the exchange at the
opening- en Monday. The moment the dis
solution is announced I shall make a full
statement, which will place matters in
their true light."
NEW YORK, June 9.— The New York
Stock Exchange has taken an action
which is said to have few precedents in
its history, by- ordering the dissolution
of a brokerage firm of which one of ; its
members is a party. Under the power
conferred by the constitution of the ex
change, the governing 1 committee has
warned Paine, Schuyler & Co. that they
must dissolve partnership within the
next thirty days. The firm is composed
of Sidney S. Schuyler, who Is the board
member; J. Overton Paine and the lat
ter's brother, lacunas B. Paine. The
Paines were until a short time ago con
nected with the consolidated exchange,
where J. Overton Paine is reported to
have made a great deal of money. He re
signed a few weeks ago and with his
brother joined Mr. Schuyler in the firm
which is now about to dissolve. No spe
ciric charges have been formulated
against the firm, but the right of the ex
change to order a dissolution of a firm
and the particular significance of the or
der so far as it affecta Paine, Schuyler &
Co. is contained in a section qf the con
stitution which reads:
Member of the Ex
change. ¦
Sidney S. Sctuyler, a Partner in the
Tabooed House) Is Also a
Unprecedented Action Taken
by the New York Stock
Exchange.
BROKERAGE FIRM
FLATLY ORDERED
TO DISSOLVE
WVt^T^/ 1911 i- **• D»»~l«Mle. Tula*.;
V^hl * H uddleeton Graves. Aiameda; Paul J.
ru*£. A i*f nwi *v G1 «» E. Mardock. Sonoma;
Berth* Oliver. Lo« Anrdea.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUSDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
21
VACATION for school cftitdren: frutt faraj;
far* *3c: «3 cer week. Address box il» K^.i-
woori City.
VVALDRUHE.
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodation*
for families and sportsmen. First-class tab!*.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spriny water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H- "W.
BRUXIN'G. Santa Rosa. C«L
E1LDRED. L'kUh, fctr ail rummer r«*>rta, ac
r«aacnable rates. Eagle Stattiea. T»t- No. 1SS.
TOURISTS can get Crst-claaa ri:n from H. A.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
13. New hotel being built. Flsaicr. hunting,
boating and bathing. Address OL WEISilAX.
Laurel Dell P- O-. Lake County. Cal.
THE Tattssan House. tTpp*r Lai?. Hone «»*,-
Ujk: reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
Isw tad commercla! travelers.
OAK
SHADE
RANCH
Xear Santa Rosa; among the
Kin*-"" Hills; home comforts and
the test of country life. For
circulars address HARRT h.
JONES. Santa. Rosa.
KEYSER A WATSON. Borland, ecavey tour-
ists t.j Highland Sprinjs. Kelaeyvilii*. Carlsbad
Springs and Lakejxsrt. The best of tureouM.
ST. HtLlNA SAMTARIUfl -JSSS^^
Napa Valley. The Institution has all U»e ad-
vantages of & health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena.. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St- Helena. Cal.
BOARD cr a fruit ranch. «S per week: eota-
forts of hem-" aad free «JrtTe»: ro-ond trts> frara
San 5*rascl»ro S3. Address R«twoo<l Helgat.
Occidental. Sonoma County. CaL
VACFM1TF hcors frora s «
I UOLJTII 1 J-» Francisco. vU the Bl?
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. daily. " Round triD from
San Francisco $32. For furtlier information call
or address "WM. J. 'WHITE. GeneraJ Ajent.
63a Market St., S. F.; telephone Main 5152.
INDE-RENDEMCf L«KE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
fine fishing, excellent U»W*. magnificent for-
est, no pot:*** oak. no p«sts. An ideal spot
for families. Se« *The Traveler" for partic-
ulare. Ocn June L Address MRS. H. M.
.CLEMONS. Vlrclnla. City. Nev.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL £& w &opSS2
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Gocl
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furni«hed. F:»r terms
¦nd particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland.
Mendocino County, CaL
KLAMATti HOT SWINGS.
The healthiest resort In th> prettiest couary la
California. Trout Csntns;— finest In th- State-
Shovel Creek. 13 miles far casting. Hunting-
plenty of iraiae In surrcundin* mountains—
grouse, quail. <l»*r and bear. EDSOX BROi'..
Proprietors. BeswJck. Stsklyou County. Cal.
SANTA CRUZ \Intratalns— A auiet ranch. fiv«
miles from Santa Crux: d<?!:shttal »uninier
home :r. ndwoods: rvnuiss wa-*r; ai>ua<iasco
fruit, jfood table; terns 5". Z3 we^Jc. Aiiresa
W. CR.VNDELL. Santa Cms. CaL
PLEASANT VIEW IIOTEI.— Iron and Jlayr.^sla
iSprinirs. These «-eiebratea springs a-ljcia Bart-
l*tt Springs. Fiaalng: huc;!n«: hom« cooic-
los: s .-¦¦'. beds; S3 £> to no wit.; cotiasea for
hip*. MRS. H. HOPPLN. Bartiet: Sp?s.. Cai.
XAPA SODA SPRINGS.
fXDER 2CEW MAXAGEilENT.
A- DOiXMANN. Napa Soda, s^prlnss P. O.
BERTBASD HOTEL.— Flcst-clas« accomno-
dations: reasonable rates; for families and car-
ties- fiphlng-, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley. «tc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAN'D or Pahl*»
sho* store, 32J Kearny st.. S. F.
Y£ TOCALOMA, M^
MARK.h/EST
I 1 fl SPRINGS
OPENS MAT 1. Round triD. J3 73. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGEXSEX.
Proprietors. City office. 91% Larkin street.
Kenilworth Ina, Mill Valley.
Thcroushly r*norate<i. Electric l:;i:j. bil-
llards. Uwa tennis, croquet. Strictly ftrst e!as*.
Fcr ter»3 apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTIN'A.
fc5^ Cured
L 0m While
C4.CH4W.I.D.L.UD. Tfl 1f> DatiS
Mrt8t.JaMiMd.lta. HI iO . JL/ULJO.
*»Or««-»olTe»« w *ls»ol're« Strlerare Ilk*
•now • brnrtth tb« »aa. r«<larra JE3V.
lV4.J-t.GEI> PBO9TATE, and .trftijth-
en* the Seminal Dacto. •topptnr dmlm
tad fmlwloai I.I riJ'TKES DAYS.
JI« dro;< to rain the atomarh. bat » di-
rect local 11H poaltl ve application to the
entire Crflh»l Tract.
GHA.if -SOLVEXT ia the wonder of the
ccntunr. Discovered by the Chemist Fabrion,
: it quickly intereited the great Scientist and
Phys ician, Erdman, who developed it and pro-
claimed that mtrrtloDs action in Crethal Ail-
ments which electrified the world.
At a* enormous expense DR. C.J. CARTER
outstripped all competitors and teeurtd exclusive
control on the Wtsiern Continent for the ST.
/AMES ASSOCIATION.
Gran-Solvent ia sot a Hqu id. It is prepared
in the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pats the closes*
Stricture.;;;, ; ,
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The -venerable Dr. C. J. Carter. President of
the St. James Association, has prepared at great
expense an exhaaitWe il'.ustra- nmraai
ted Treatise upon the mile sys- LyL l I
?em. which the association will r H r r *
a«nd to any male applicant " ¦ ¦¦aTBIB ¦
St. James Ass'n, 250 Ylns Sty Cincinnati, Q.
CALIFORNIA DOT- SPRING? ?£;&*,;&
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
ail seasons: 45 miles from San Francisco, via
Tlburon Ferry. Railroad station on hotel
grounds; extensive swimming tank: 119 SS and
up per week: rouo<i-trlp St 19 oa Sunday.
COOPER &' STEWART. Affua Callente. Cal.
THE WELLESLEY,
California asd LarSun St*.. Saa Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. 31. 1IERRV. Propriatrej*.
GSAPE-NUTS.
A "CHANGE" BREAKFAST.
Getting Beady for Warn Weather.
A complete change in breakfast
would, it this time of year, improve the
health of any one.
Me:t. potatoes and coffee become
tiresome. The system calls for a change,
bet what to? Hot. and half-codVed
pastry and starchy cereah are unattrac-
tive.
Vegetables taste good but furnish too
Iitt'e nourishment to sustain one until
the next meal, particularly if brain work
is required.
A most appetizing, convenient and
healthful breakfast can be made, on
Grape-. Vuts (a ready cooked food), a
little crecm or milk; =one fruit and per-
haps two voft ejrgs.
(Pint tin cup of sharply boiling
water, put in two e^g«, not one, 00"
three. cover and set off stove, serve* in
just nine minutes. Whites will be-like
cream znd hah' digested.) The Grape-
Xnts food is concentrated and bat three
cr four teaspoons should be used it one
meal; that amount furnishes full
strength and nourishment up to ths
next.
Good food in proper \-ariety and a
contented mind solves the whole health
problerx - _
A change from the old breakfast to
cr.e iik; this will refresh and invigorate
the system in a surprising manner.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The mc«t attractive place la Lake Count? t>
spend .ycur vacation. Boating, batiln?. bowl>
ing. tennis, livery, new walks, etc Write for
circular U> H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Drlt. Lake Coiinty. Cal.
The baths and delicious mineral water
of the well-kaown
SrtRMTOGrt SF»RIIVGS
are a part of the pleasure and also a
part of the health of this popular place.
J. MARTENS, propr.. Bachelor P. O..
Lak* Co.: city office. 41 % Pine st.
CI^APrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlVrlUUO County: only 4H hours
front San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
ccst natural bath In State; grand mountaia
scenery, good trout streams at door; telephone.
te>fcraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only $5 30. Take Tlburon ferry
at "30 a. m. or 3:30 p. ra. Terms, C a day or
J12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five rears; rstronae* constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
You Are Welcome to Credit.
FURNITURE. CARPETS. STOVES,
MATTINGS. RUGS. ETC.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN.
Houses Furnished Complete.
Free Delivery Within 1Q0 Mllea.
vaia. near Cotfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
<julet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
alr. fruit and alI-th#-Tear-round climate In Cal-
if arnla: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 rntles from San Francisco; J3 a
we»k: open all y?ar: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
The Place for Rest and Health,
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In the world of thi* class of waters
having continuous fiow of natural warm water
direct frcm sprlnjs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 13th.
J' A. REDEMETER * CO.. Proprietors-
VICHY SPRINGS.
W R. UcGOVERX. Ke!*?yvil>. Lai» Co.
PLAxMATiON HOESE-?."^.™"
sta^e lice. Good trout Basic*; plenty rmlr. .
crear. aid milk; fr*e conveyance for parties cf .
two nj raor»: graad redwood sceaery. Address
J LCTTRIXGER. Seaview. Scrsoma Co.. cr ap-
ply MR. KRUSE. r>T Front st., far particular*.
CARLSBAD gUggRSS:
Most beautiful «pct la Lai* County. Water*
unsurpassed fcr drorsr. statnach. llv*r. kidney
and biadder affecttocs. Accosnico&iUoiis first
class: jy> a wee*: lighted by gas.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and ilagses!a Springs. TS»s» celebrated,
springs adjoin Bartiett Springs. Flshi-*; hunt-
ing: home corking: gool beds: IS v> to Jl* week;
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartiett Srrinrs. CaL
Dr. C. C. O'DonneH's Mineral Springs
At Glen Ellen is the b»*t camping, picnic and
pleasure resort oa the Coast. The greatest
remedy fcr lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In th»
world: 45 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. end N. P. R. R- give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1«1H
Market St.. bet. Stxth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
cy . cure for rheumatism
°P I m H^*Addr«s» A. BETTERS.
Mrr. Byron Hot' Springs. Cal.
City Ottic*. Room S<J. Z& Gearr *tre«t-
D«,«*sw The Sanitarium of
DyrOfl the Coast. Thsb-st
¦ I t physicians r?com-
nO L m:nd it as th; only
Now open and offering every charm tm p!*a»»
ere and health seekers. Beating, sTrimmin?.
fishing, tennis, croquet, bllliants. bcwUns ailey.
goXf links. *:¦:•; driving asd -i '. '. » horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco. *B Ml Full Infcrrration at Traveler office.
Si Montgomery st., cr B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Ca!.
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN3.
ROWARDENNAN
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Ca!.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Cluh."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
Th» Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON. ¦
6*1 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Cn^SS£ m ,
Monterey Coanty. CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dats
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of Cowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
teths: swimming tank 3flx«0 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playrround. croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and 10 ocjtages, afford-
ing soeclal accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco. 9 a m.: First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:19 a. a. daily for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road J
mites to sprtngsu Round-trip tickets. $3. at 3.
P. office, fl2 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
snlc or soda, or with chipped or scraped Ice.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIG
Kecommended throughout the world by the
Medical Profession and during thlrty-slx years
pronounced the most reliable, effective and
agreeable tonic aad stimulant. Take with car-
VIN MARIANI
The waters are ncted fcr their thctLsari&s cf
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead an«t Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and K14n«y Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel aal cottages renovated.
Baths reStte-i and improved. Magnificent
scenery. ' delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. f;2 to fl* per ite»i. Trains
leave Th'rd and Townservi streets. S. F-. 9 a.
n. and C.C o. m. daily. Carriazest at Gilroy
for springs. Fcr illustrated parr.pS!*»ta addresa
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
FAmous .
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Pacific Ccast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver, Seattle, Tacom* asd
other ports of call and return, 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
s-age to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean.
30 to 33 days" r trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator. July Jl, via Juneau. Skaguay. Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, in sight of Mr..
St. Ellas, via UnimaJfc Pass and Seal Islands
ta Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing th- Arctic Circle and passing
into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 45
days" trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excurstons. Ticket office. 4 New Montgomery.
OCEANEXCURSIONS
TO DESIRABLE TENANTS.
FOR RENT
THE FINEST COCNTTtT HO1TE NEAR TO
SAN FRANCISCO: s-itable for Urge farsr.y or
for summer resort- DELIGHTFUL LOCATION
en b!u2 OVERLOOKING A BEAUTIFUL)
STRETCH OF THE RIVEP.. affjr«J:n« 5U-
PEP.IOR BOATING. BATHING and FISHING.
Train3 strp en the grsnzis. Fourteen i-:zt%
cf lawra. orchard and gardens. Mais hcu*s
Cf C ruOCJ. ' One ccttage <rf i rccnia a=d on»
ecttag* cf two rocms. with staslea. storehouse
and chicken hoa3es. Three hours fmm 5an
Francisco. Fcr further parucuUrs aiiresa
X. Y. Z.. bcx SCO. Can of3ce.
San Jose- Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendoine Is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
reads. Hotel thoroughly modern and firct clas*
in every resoect. with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 3> Montgomery St., San
Francisco, cr address
GEO. P. SNELL, M?r.. San Jrse. Cal.
Central California
Vendome
Ticket Office. CO Market street (Chronicle
bulldmg).
General Office. Mutual Life bulldirur. San-
some -and California streets, fan Francisco.
H. C. WHITING.
Geaeral Mj:a;«r.
R. X. RYAN.
General Pasaenser Agent.
L«3se« of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THi: PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous 'Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If you prefer the simple hoia* life of the
Ranch. fr«e from fashion's restraints, thers
are many in our secttoa from wliicb to choose-
But If you would rather the tent in *cme
shady nook, near a lovely lake, cr on tfcs bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
Uocs are numerous and free of, csarce.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Just
Issued by the Company, giving Camping Loca-
tions. Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts and a
list of one hundred and slxty-s«ven Farms and
homes, where Board for the Summer caa be se-
cured at from |5.00 to 13.C0 jer weefc.
THE railroad between Lais Tahr» a=3
Trcckee is now nxsnlrs dally, trains cca-
necting with East-bound Southern Faci2«s
trains tn the nicmiiK at Truckee at ?:ZZ, ±~ I
the West-bound in the evening a: Trucks*. an»l
are ready to receive 'passengers or freight ta cr
froni th* laie. Fcr particulars apply to S. P.
Co.. ticket cSce. cr to D. L. Blia* Jr.. juperia-
tendent Lake Taioe Transportation Company,
Tahoe City. Cal.
Railway Co.
Northwestern
Numerous Mineral Sprlnjrs of 'Wonderful
Curative Properties. Lars* Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. J15 Montgomery it.,
or address CRAIG & WARNER. HizhUad
Springs, CaL
COMPETENT M.V'.AGISTS.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING six nishts of th« Week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Grove* *ad MiLES of
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting tn the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges,
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AXD BEAU-
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
. OF STAGING.
AND ONI/T 5S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
CAX YOU GO WITH ONLY 34 HOURS
WHERE
Fcr rates, terms and other tafarssatlca a»t-
dreaa: E. V B. PIXI-ET. Maaag-r.
Car" PactKc Ircrrovement C->r=rany.
Crocker BulMins. San Frar.clsco.
Unsurpassed cuiai-e and service and, reaxra-
afe'e rates.
RAILROAD FARE, rr-isd tr!r. Uv:h2d^«
sleeper both ways, £14.
back^rousd.
FINE HTNTING AND FISHING.
Located In the midst of jcraiuS and tTsprisatT*
mountain scenery, .witn Mount Shaata
and the Cr*«3 f jr a
SEASON OPENS JUME 15.
And...
Soda Springs.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
California... .
VISIT ONE OF THE MANT MINER.
SPRING REsOP.TS ALONG THE
FOR AN OUTING....
Munyon ruarantses that his Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly all cases of rheumatism
tn a few days; that his Dyspepsia Cure will
cure indigestion and ail stomach trouble: that
his Kidney Cure will cure SO per cent of all
cases of kidney trouble; that Ms Headache
Cure will cure any kind of headache tn a few
minute*, and so on through the entire list of
his remedies. They are for sale at all druy-
Sists— mostly 15 cents a vtal. Write to Prof.
Munyon, 1305 Arch street. Philadelphia, Pa..
for free medical advice.
WHAT MUWTOS'S EEMIMIES WILL DO.
Clouds d medicated vapor are inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the In-
flamed and disease parts which cannot be
reached by medicine taken into the stomach. '
RELIEF IS IMMEDIATE.
It reaches the II perae*te». r»«ry
sore spots. alr *"****
It heels the raw st ££ *\ he oa %j£
places. gem*.
It floes to the c&rr-r^diJSSS
Seat Or disease of the nasal organs.
It actsasa balm If positively cures
and tonic to the throat
System. i cure yourself at home.
Price $1 (B&J2) At All Druggists
IT CURES AT ONCE.
The "Glass Family Inhaler" was the first to
demonstrate the efflcacr of the Inhalation treat-
ment. The "Hard Rubber" Inhaler Is handy,
durable and portable. It is easily charred and
may be carried in the vest pocket always ready
for use anywhere or at any time. It rives all
the benefits of the glass "Family Inhaler." It
U unbreakable and unsplllable.
AD V .&K.TIS K M KM TH.
By INHALATION
Diseases anj Pre-
isnts OonsQinpticn
CURES COLDS,
COUGHS, CATARRH,
ASTHMA and all
Throat and Long
Munyon's Inhaler
IT HAS BEEN ABSOLUTELY PROVED
TO TWO CONTINENTS THAT
EVERYBODY IS
SOON CONYIHCED
a. to MARBLE
Monuments
STATUARY,
jETC. . . . : ZJL
At Prices Regardless ;
of Cost, ta Realize.
Cor. Secofli and Brannaa Sts.,
Cff>r Tiair Sttek of
GRANITE
San Francisco Branch
JONES BROS. & CO.,
CLOSING
Only Strangers
Need be told of the merits of the fancis
Hot Mud. aand and Mineral Water
Baths, and th? treat Swijnrnins Saras,
with men and women attendants, at
Paso Robles Hot Springs
Every modern convenience at th« hoteL
New homelike cottages. Rates for hot?*,
baths and physician, tn to III a we«k.
Ask or write :or illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL aOTTSD-TSI? ESBATS TICS3T3.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
TeL Red S3S. «0 Market St.. 3. F.
Otta E. Btvt;, Prasriator. Put B«Uts. CaL
HU.l 1C IlJl A ;-,. lt: fc *<p yoarselT: ilhx»-
trat#d clrcalar. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat. Cal.
WfieH? Call $1.00 uerlea?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
- Natural steam - baths, rwtnunln*. flshln*-.
hunting and ¦ livery. ¦ Write f«r pamphlet. L
V-.-ESTWKTMKR. Mararer.
THE GEYSERS, ¦;&«
CL JlUillC UUlLLi Beautiful crouafs
maxnlflcent view and first-clasa accommoda-
tions. Lar«e sonny rooms. Special rat*s to
families Fr«« bes meets erery train; S miles
f'-cra Eao Frandsco. Fare tt «5. -
GLEX OAKS RANCH — Nice stirroundia«s:
coiiifortable rrwrns: goal ta^fe: eonv«it«n;
location. A«ttr«* F. QCIEN. G'.sn El'sa. CaL
TIFUL
S^Zm I ' tPolice Court Stenographers.
The four Police Judges met yesterday
for the purpose of appointing the three
court FtenoRTaphers in accordance with
the Civil Service Commission result* The
three selected were the present holders
of the office. Daniel W. Long. Frank Ver
non and Howard Vernon.
Fourth of July Committee.
The Mayor yesterday appointed the
committee which will have charge of the
Fourth of July celebration this year. It
will have at Us disposal the sum of $2500,
the charter having appropriated ?500 of the
customary 53000 for Memorial day. The
committee will meet to-morrow night at
£ o'clock in the Mayor's office to organ
ize. The members are:
Horace Wilson. Isidor I. Brown, A. W.
Thompson. Bernard Bienenfeld, August
Iten, Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil, William
H. Hazel. W. T. Bacgett. Dr. Gardner
P. Pond, H. J. Stafford. Henry C. Oesford.
Colonel E. A. I>enicke, John Ft. Hillman.
H. E* L»udd. John Slmmen, Thomas W.
Hickey, Hull McClaughry and Edward I.
Coffey.
Boukofsky in Court.
"E/ N. Boukofsky, the policeman who
ran amuck in the -Western Addition two
weeks.ago, again appeared ; In; Judge Mo
gan's .court', yesterday on | his . preliminary
examination on the charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. The prosecution rested
and Attorney * Davis for the defendant
moved for a . dismissal, . claiming: that , If
any offense had taken place it was.ex
hibiting: a deadly: weapon in. a -rude -and
threatening manner, and even that,' he
argued." had ' not been proved. The Judge
continued the case till Tuesday i for argu
ment. " ¦-. : ... ". * ' . - .- : : .-• ..
Notice to Passengers.
"Rcond-trlp transfer tickets on sal© at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
CO cents. Morton Special Delivery, 408
Taylor street. 650 Market street, Oakland
lerpr depot. •.'
Music in the Park To -Day.
Overture. "Tuttl in Maschera"..'....'...redrottl
* - Pa8q ulnade' ' Gottschalk
Tlu-mes from "Ernanl'* Verdi
Characteristic Indian march Sellenlck
Selection, "Robin Hood" De Koven
Overture, "Mlgnon" ....Thomas
Cornet solo, "Tramp. Tramp". ...Rolllnson
William Mahood.
Celebrated waltz, "Invitation to Dance"
Weber
"The Jolly Blacksmith" Suckley
March, "Bohemian Life" Roncovierl
/jaoORONER COLE . began yesterday
(( morning the official inquiry into the
\j? death of Emll Rosenbaum, who pol
soned himself last 'Monday after
noon at his home on Van Ness avenue.- •
E. F. Preston j and I. Brown appeared
at the inquest as attorneys on behalf, of
the family an-J listened attentively to the
proceedings. As had been expected, noth
ing new was elicited at the hearing, all
the evidence showing that Rosenbaum
had deliberately committed suicide. Inci
dentally the Coroner rebuked the under
taker called in. by the family for undress
ing the corpse before the arrival of the
Coroner's deputies, and Anton Kolligs,
nurse and messenger, received a repri
mand for putting into his pocket and tak
ing away from the house the pasteboard
box containing poison and the note left
by Rosenbaum in which he bade good-by
to hSs wife and announced his intention
of killing himself. These he afterward
gave to the Morgue deputies.
Dr. Martin Krotozyner was sharply
cross-exantined by the Coroner alter he
had told about having received a tele
phone call last Monday afternoon to the
effect that he was needed at once to at
tend a sick man. As the name of the
patient was not given, and as Dr. Kroto
zyner was busy in his office with other
patients, he sent Anton Kolligs to the
house to ascertain -that identity of the
patient and notify him whether the call
was an urgent one or not. Kollipcs in
formed him by telephone that Rosenbaum
was dead when he reached the house. An
hour or so later the witness went to the
Rosenbaum residence and gave as his
opinion that apoplexy had been the cause
of death. Then he telephoned to the
Coroner.,
Coroner Cole remarked that the wit
ness should not have sent a nurse to the
house in response to the first summons,
and that he should have sent some other
physician if he could not go himself..
"Especially," continued the Coroner,
"when there are eleven hundred doctors
in this city, as thick as hops and falling
over one another at the street corners.
You did wronrj, sir; you did wrong. You
should have given a doctor an opportunity
of earning a fee."
Assistant City Chemist C. L. Morgan
told the Jury that he had found prussic
acid in the stomach of the dead man in
quantity sufficient to cause fatal results.
Mrs. "Rosenbaum, the widow, informed
the jury that her husband was the Jolllest
and happiest of men until a short time
before the suicide, when he became de
spondent. He had been nagged to death,
she said, by his brother Albert, who ac
cused him of drawing too much money.
She had been shopping on Monday and
when she returned to the house she saw
her husband standing- at a window.
When she reached the parlor he was lying
on the floor unconscious. Medical aid was
summoned at oTice, but he was dead be
fore it reached him. .
The inquest will be resumed at 10 o clock
Monday morning. - -
Coroner Cole Listens to the W daw's Story.
Fraternal Organizations That Have
Selected the Ones to Conduct
Their Affairs.
Fidelity Lodpre, Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, lias elected the following
named as its officers for the ensuing
term: W. U. Curtis, N. G.; W. E. Weick
ert. V. G.; C. E. Phillips. R. S.; E. W.
Schrocdor. F. S.; Chris Taft, T.; E. A.
Heenan, trustee.
Parker Lodgre. I. O. O. F., has elected
V. F. Northrup. N. G.;-A. A. Frledlander,
V. G.; J. F. Nicholls, R. S.; J. M. Mur
phy, F. S.; James Cope, T.; Jacob Hoff
man, trustee.
San Francisco Lodge, I. O. O. F., has
elected S. C. Hoffman. N. G.; J. W. E.
Allen, V. G.; F. M. Hageman, R. S.; F.
\V. Warren. F. S.; E. Edwards, T.
Templar Lodge, I. O. O. F., has elected
Thomas Vf. B. Leland, N. G.; William. G ;
Griffith. V. G.; C. F. O Neill, F. S.; H. W.
Qultzow Jr., K. H.; D. A. Hagens, T.
Apollo Lodge, 1. O. O. K., has elected
the following named for the term com
mencing on tne first of next July: H. H.
Zobel. tS. G.; C. E. Perry, V. U.; W. F.
Norcross. S. (re-elected). There will be a
public installation on the 6th of July.
California Kebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.,
has elected the following named to serve
for the ensuing term: Minnie Homeyer,
N. G. ; Sadie G. Kahn, V. G.; Anna M.
Lewis. It. S.; Sarah Harris, F. S.; Minnie
Simon, T. ; Flora Bergman, trustee. The
officers of this lodge will be publicly in
stalled on the third Saturday in July.
Templar Rebekah Lodge, 1. O. O. F..
has elected the following named: Tressn;
Hopkins. N. <3. ; Winnie Dowle. V. G.;
Eva Ashworth, K. S. ; Adeline Bi'own, F.
S.; Delia Spinney, T.; Ada Patterson, An
nie Durning and Mattle Perry, trustees.
The oflicers will be installed July 7.
Amity Kebekah Lodge. 1. O. O. F.. has
elected Lizzie Hraly, Is. G.: Ida M. Allan.
V. G/; liattie Hudson, R. S.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F., has
elected. Miss Emma farauc-r. N. G.; Mrs.
Roy A. Daniels, V. G.; Miss Jennie
Wright. R. S.; Miss Tessie Schmidt. F. S.
Pacilic Parlor. Native Sons of the
Golden West, has elected the following
named as its officers for the ensuing term:
Walter E. Dorn, P.; John Cannon, Paul
Schoenwald and R. F. Roche, vice presi
dents; Al Williams. M.; J. C. Miller. R.
S.; F. R. Neville, F. S. ; A. Lathrop, T.;
F. KroU^e, Herbert Dam and William
Bates, trustees; Drs. Hunsacker, T. Le
land and Thomas B. Roche, surgeons.
Mission Parlor. N. S. G. W., has elected:
Del B. liowley, P. P.: F. A. Tibbetts. 1'.;
E E. Girzikowski. H. L. A. Maas unu
Walter Koch, V. P.'s; Dr. A. Aitkens, M.;
George Long. R. S.; H. L. Hartmann, F.
S.; F. C. Gerdes, T.; F. H. Mills, E. Levy,
trustees; H. C. Schaertzer, organist; D.
Erwin, collector; Drs. J. A. Black and A.
Aitkens, surgeons.
Alcalde Parlor, N. S. G. W.I has elected
J. Desmond, P. P.; L. J. Watson, P.; J.
A. Devoto. H. J. Bowers and Emil Las*
treto, V. P.'s; Martin O'Donnell, M.; J. B.
Adln, R. S.; R. H. Hession. P. S.; A.
Rahwler, T.; R. Andrews, trustee.
Yerba Buena Parlor, N. S. G. W., has
elected L. J. Walsh. P. P.; Daniel Suter,
P.; A. E. Buckingham, Fred W. Jaeger
and Con Roman, V. P.'s; Pierce Dorsen,
M.; F. W. Kenny, F. and R. S.; L. J. Au
bert, T.; William S. O'Brien, C. A. Henry
and Fred W. Lees, trustees; Dr. A. A.
Drossel. surgeon.
Army and Navy Parlor, N. S. G. W.. has
elected the following named: Harry F.
McGuerren, P. P.; Frank S. Drady, Her
bert M. Brace and Edward D. Crowley.
V. P.'s; William Perryman, R. S.; Richard
J. Cline. F. S.; Henry L. Deitrick, M.;
Leonard B. Simon. T.; Martin r Ilkens,
trustee; Dr. T. H. Rethers, surgeon;
Arthur F. Lundborg, organist. C. R.
Deitrick was chesen aid to the grand mar
shal of the 1900 celebration.
Oro Fino Parlor, NatH'e Daughters of
the Golden West, has elected the follow
ing named as officers for the ensuing
term: /Elizabeth Henrix. .. P. P.; Alice
Croney. P.; Annie Simpson, Jennie Tyler,
Mary Meyer. V. P.'s; Lizzie Schule. M.;
Miss M. J. Smith. R. S.; Lillie . Schafter,
F. S.; Nellie Muicay. .T.: Annie Hlnck. I.
S.; Agnes Quadt. O. S.; Jennie Starr, Ma
mie Hinck and May Kapn, trustees; Miss
Catherine Holland, organist.
San Lusita Parlor. N. D. G. W.. has
elected Anna Kluver. P.: Callie Sloan;
Nellie Thompson Eva Ballou, V. P.'s:
Louise Egan. F. S.; Agnes Lee, R. S.;
Katie Hourihan, T.; Josle Rosellp, M.;
Carrie de la Guerra. I. S.; Grace Yarring
ton, O. S.: Mesdames Mallagh, Bowen and
Fiedler, trustees.
Yosemlte Tribe. Improved Order of Red
Men, has elected the following chiefs for
the ensuing term: J. H. Jordan, S.: C. M.
Price. S. S.; W. Goldman, J. S.; E. Las
treto. P.; G. H. Stein. C. of R.; G. Dastu
jrue. K. of W. ; Dr. J. J. Keefe, surgepn:
K. P. Mogan, J. H. Ohlandt and W. 3.
O'Connor, trustees.
• Britannia Lodge No. 7, Daughters of St.
George, has elected and installed the fol
lowing officers for the current term: Mrs.
S. Clack. W». P.: Mrs. Annie Pierce, W.
V. P.; Mrs. Helen Williams, W. F. S.;
Mrs. Alice E. Creba, W.T.;.Mrs. Ruth
Meadows. V» f . R. S.; Mrs. R. Hewitt, W.
F. C: Mrs. E. Goss. W. S. C: Mrs. E.
Harrison. W. Ch.: Mrs J. Beauford. W r . I.
G.: Mrs. M. Jewitt. \V. O. G.: Mrs. Phebe
Williams, W. P. P.; Miss Adela J. Beau
ford, organist.
St. John'e Lodge. Ancient Order
United Workmen, has elected the follow
ing- named officers for the next term: A.
J. Flood. P. M.; F. R. Cutting. M. W\;
W. A. Paulson, F.; H. C. Bryant, O.:
JohntE. Purdy. R.; A. K. Klpps. F.; J.
D. Wheeloek. Rec'ur: H. K. Waterhouse.
C; B. S. Ames. I. TV.; L." J. Nevers, O.-
W.; B. Spelr, trustee; Dr. : George -E. Da
vis and Dr. Louia Gross, medical exam
iners. - ¦ - ¦ - , .
OFFICERS CHOSEN FOR
THE COMING SIX MONTHS
ROSENBAUM'S WIDOW SAYS
HIS BROTHER "NAGGED" HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.,
22
BLACK GOODS.
DRESS GOODS.
WASH FABRICS.
1^ 75 pieces Extra QualltB FOULARD
4sr? SILKS, 23 and 24 Inches wide, this
m\ season's newest effects-New Blues,
Graos, Browns, Violets, etc,
: " Reduced to 60c yard.
Former prices 85c and $1.00.
24 pieces Plain Black FRENCH ETA-
"PlTTil MINE, 40, 44 and 46 Inches wide,
plVn Reduced to 50c and 75c yard.
•*•*"" Fbrmer prices $1.25 and $2.00.
35 pieces 54-lnch CAMEL'S-HAIR CHE-
n ¦ 1 • YIOT SUITINGS, In Diagonals and
vnnninl piainTwms '
oUtjIjldl Reduced to 50c yard,
i Regular value $i.oo-yard. t
18 pieces REDFERN CHECKED SUIT-
j\ ¦ INCS, In a good Yarletu of colors,
llniinrnifiri width 44 and 50 inches.
DdlMllo. . Reduced to 50c yard.
" Regular value 75c and $1.00. j
250 pieces 32-lnch SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
AND MADRAS CLOTHS, In Stripes,
j Checks and Plaids, perfectlo fast
c(Sfl colors.
m Reduced to 8ic yard.
flPia Regular price 15c and 25c a yard. „
Samples of ahoYe goods forwarded to ang address.
III, 113, 115, 117, U9, 121 POST STREET.
TJTJTTQTJI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Jjll U OrlijO Pr *- bootblacks, bata-
.**^ houses, billiard Ublea.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canncra,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, st*.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BL'CUA.V-VS BROS..
Brush Manufactarerj. 609 Sacramento St
- Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralrls,
Dru«1»t«, We' flask. Richards ft Co., 404 CUr.
TTPE A
ibennan. Clay & Co.'s Mnsic Honse,
CORXEK otabot AND EUTTER 8TS., 8. F.
Is an exceedingly handeome machine, encased
In a quartered-oak cabinet, jjtano finish, pil-
lared corners, with side* of beveled plate class
showing working of the mechanism. Far-niched
with burnished brass horn. Price. 923.«>o
OTHER PUUXER STTI-ES AT 91TO.OU and
$22.50.
Flet, Imperishable dl«c records have always
been one of the distinctive features of our
tra.de. and In no branch of our business have
there been made so many and to marvelous ad-
vances as In the art of recordlnr and repro-
ducing sound.
RECORDS, OOc each. Complete descriptive
cat&Jorue *ent free. Zon-o-phcnes constantly on
Silence is golden in the
presence of an ordinary
talking machine— but the
man who made the proverb
would take it back if he
heard the Zon-o-phone.
ODR GRAMOPHONE
REVOLUTIONIZED.
THE
Special sale of
Neckwear
In order to reduce our very large stock of
. ladies' neckwear, we will place on sale Monday
morning the very latest and most stylish neck-
wear at extremely low prices. Below we.
mention but a few of the items.
S t,ock {Collars
•Satin ¦anef'taff eta. silk stock collars in black, cream and
'white, plain or trimmed with gold or silver beads; also
white and colored pique stocks, sale price
Jabots with Stock Collars
Ajiovelty in tarleton jabots, the correct style for this
summer season; also satin stocks with silk, and chiffon
bows attached' in pink, blue, maize, lavender, white and
Stylish liberty silk jabots in all the new pastel shades,
taffeta silk jabots in pink, blue and lavender, trimmed
with lace, alsosilk^ bows with stock collars in black and
white/ white with black, lavender and white, blue and
white, pink and white, trimmed with ribbon and spangles
,j E A
Take elevator to 2nd floor
T in ted C us hi on C overs
We have just reduced a very extensive variety cf
designs in this season's cushion tops, tinted on art ticking
canvas, duck arid linen ,with backs to match, sale price
H u n ga r i an Cloth
Suitable /for summer cottage .'drapery, couch covers,
' cushion 'covers, and other upholstery purposes; double
faced in Bagdad stripes and Oriental patterns, 36 inches
wide, at ;; ' . .
, 2 5 C a y ar d
X/ ili«-i rc u .. vcj o 11 r s
A large variety of designs in beautiful and artistic
colorings^; 28 inches wide, f very, desirable' for piano and
mantle drapes, couch covers, .cushion tops, wall hangings'
and alj upholstering purposes.. y -.. '.','¦
:5 : 1 129 Kearn^Street
ORIENTAL I
SPECIAL SALE.
25 Per Cent Discount on Our Entire
Stock of N
ORIENTAL GOODS.
Consisting of
rar: rugs and carpets, kelim
AND BAGDAD CURTAINS.
CHAS. M. RUM & CO.
Ninth and Market Sts., S. F.
Than ever and at no Increase In price.
Improved clip — don't slip— for 50 cents.
Oculists* prescriptions a filled. Factory
on premises. Quick repairing. Phone,
Main 10.
0PTICIAN5>p HnT jG&Pf APWR4: W.
khctou scientific
642 Market 5t. iNMRuwtNTs.
u*DC» CM«OA«:cit buhoimo. GaTAICGUE TbU.
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
* ' DR * PIERCE *s
ELECTRIC
o^^^^^f^fv^ DlL 1 1
I«?vJc~~~ THIS BELT 13 WAH.
*Jv* r«nted to be the latest lm-
In .all respects th# best now manufactured la
«ny part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
h* double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur»
any disease on earth that It Is poMlbl- to cnr#
with electricity and it cures when «ther» fall.
¦ Bu i n l? >elt tUI you «• "Dr. Plerce's."
Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by m«Jl
for a 2-cent stamp, tells allabout IU Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street. *
"XOpp. Palace Hotel). x 8 AN FRANCISCO
- . EaJtern Office-New Tork Cltr.
WASH SILKS
At 40c Yd.
(Every Desirable Coloring.) •
A second shipment just received of very choice designs in
CORDED WASH SILKS, which we offer again at 40c yd
Those fortunate enough to secure these s : lks at last sale
will appreciate their desirability and extra £ood quali.y.
Correct Garment 1/ | \M fig fk] A /ppropriate for
ani Hoess Wear Ah <C1 RQ Country Weatbsr
About f.fteen dozen very "attractive LONG KIMONAS, well
made, good quality flannelette, 60 inches long, worth fully
$2.25 Price '$1.50
At < 2 Price.
We are heavily stocked with PARASOLS and desire to* close.,
out entire line. We will allow, therefore, 50 PER CENT
REDUCTION on every Parasol in our establishment.
WRITE FOR OUR ILLUSTRATEO CATALOGUE.
"^^fe^i^^JZTrt?/^ PROVIDERS
EN JOY the BEST
New Vehicles for One, Two,
Four or Six Passengers.
FOR THE COUNTRY:
Canopy - Top Surreys,
Country Club Wagons,
Runabouts, Traps. ...
More New Things in Solid Rubber
Tire and Pneumatic Rubber Tire
Vehicles Then Ever Before.
The V(ame h the Guarantee:
STUDEBAKERS
Market end Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Managfer.
. Catalogues mailed on application.
A Full Line of Bar Outfits
IN OAK AND REDWOOD, i
The best and cheapest outfits on the Coast. A full
stock on hand. No waiting. Delivery within two days of
receiving crder. All have beveled French mirrors.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
'Incorporated)
PHONE SOUTH 14. SAN FRANCISCO. 1017-1023 MISSIO.N STREET.
Send 5 cents for postage on new furniture catalog.
m Jl Hi K«l i? fc£^ 8 I
• —
k 3
MARKET SI"! SF VjS^
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.Reception to the President'
'The Masonic Past Masters' "Association
will have Kb outiny at .El Campo on. the
23d lnst. This Js to be for all Masons,
their families and friends. The commit
tee haa arranged for an enjoyable day."
Masonic Past Masters.'
ASSEMBLY DISTBICT CLUBS.
Plan, of Organization. Adopted by the
Republicans of San Francisco.
A plan for the organization of Repub
lican clubs In the Assembly districts of
Ean Francisco was adopted last night by
the Joint executive and advisory commit
tee of the Republican County Committee.
The power to adopt a plan was delegated
to the Joint committee at a meeting of
th»» general comrnlttee last Wednesday
r Four piar.s -were submitted last evening
but the proposition which was accepted
as the ba*i!= emanated from John J. tur
rv of the Forty-third District and em
bodied features contained in the several
nlans placed before the committee last
Wednesday night. The basic plan was
smonded in several particulars, the
amendments being taken f^om a plan sub
mitted by Alfred Bouvler. The amend
ments were In the line of giving to the
precincts larger direction in preliminary
v-ork of organization. Following is the
text of the adopted scheme:
Article 1 There rhali be form**! under the
auspices of the Republican County Committee
In each A* S »>mb!y dUtrict a club, to I*, etyled
the "RMrular Assembly Di5trlct Republi
«in riul?" which *ha!l be the official Republi
can organization of «aid district and of and
to which ail Republicans in Rood standing in
t»v» Dsirtv and actually residing in eai<l district
f^a'l b*Vll-iMe for membership. The test of
r^ht of membership *h«M be a pledge to vote
f 'rr the n^publfran candidate for President of
lh ; rt K strict official club, rhall t~ or-
FaniUd in the manner following A »•*»«*
t>t thf- County CommiUeemen of each dlRtrtct.
£ a r>X rhoren by the majority of the
OootT Committeemen of each district, or in
default of action by -uch comrPitteernen^^ then
.»,„ executive committeeiran of the district.
cr*ome Member cf the County Comm ««£<£.
irratf.l by him and one cr more reputable Ke
'• M raw from precinct to be sorted by
.County r ?£mmm~ or bounty Committee
nan "as aforesaid fhail constitute an ortraniz
ine *n-l c^^llng committee for w£,«?g*£
*Uh full po»'«- lo orgarlM *»<* " rfl^ al * ub ;
They shall fH«*. a place for the
the Republicans In each district. "« *»>»" «*:
port such i,!aoe to the executive committee of
g*4»T Committee. Enrollment |ln -il 1th*
district* shall commence on the 3d day _or
June, IX* and shall continue until 1 £e 3"th
62v of June. |9Q& Any r*r*on deRlrinK to be
enrolled »ha!I be required to sien hi. name
end rue hi* addre F » and voting Precinct in the
dlttrfct. The executive committee shall pub »h
.ta st l*as=t two daily paper* a notice of such
I'nrollrrHr.t. and place of •««>llmMt. In each
¦ciFtrkt in the city. The roll? fhall rem-ln open
every evening during the period of enrollment
B.t the r>laf v ' 1 <i*-Kipnated. __iti — «.
Article X T*ere shall ¦!»¦<> *« * n "nrollinsr
end advisory committee of • three for each pre
cinrt. It *l.all amor.K other things, be tne
tfuty of th- Mid enrolling an1 «4vf«ory commit
tee* to canvEts their re*p*etl v « precincts and
to enroll rrom their wild precincts as many
merr.hx-rs of th» .".-;. uSlii an party as may De
possible.
Article 4. Any complaint a* to the fairness
cr Justice of enrollment and nry complaint a*
to Uie oreaniratior of any club as hereinafter
provided Khali b* <lecid«l by the Joint executive
*.n<l advisory committee or a *ub-comniittee
chefif-n from the same, and said decision shall
be final.
Article 5. Tho o'firlai district clubs shall all
be organized at m»etlnjrs to be held on the 9th
day of July in the fnltominr manner:' A mem
ber of the County Committee, to be selected by
& majority of the members, or In default of each
selection the executive county comtnltteeman
from the district fhall call the chib to order at
the h<n:r of 8 o'clock at the place which' baa
been designated for enrollment and pliall act
as temporary chairman of the meeting - nnall
the club i» fully and regularly organized ; he
Fhall appoint * temporary secretary, who shall
art ur.ttl the club Ik fully c'Bar.Ized
*~ A n, Icle ,Si The ?"* bUElnf «* >n order ihall
fee the electlf.n of permanent officers for the
term of one ypAr—a r>re».Hent. fin-t and second
vie* presidents, n f;';rrt;iry and a treasurer—
after which the president shall have authority
to appoint ftH members of standing commit
tees created from time to time by the club
subject to th= approval of a majority o* the
members present at the meeting at which said
appointment* are submitted.
Article 7. The electlcn of all permanent of
ficers shall b« by ballot. on a roll-call. of the
irymbers. and no persons chal] be 1 permitted to
,*p**j> except etxch as are enrolled as aforesaid
*4rtlcle S. After the club has been fully or
uanized, it may then, a.id not before, resume
the enrollment of members.
Article 9. Special meetings of the club may
CHINATOWN is becoming restless
and angry under the quarantine.
The coolies are rebelling "against
their own Chinese superiors and
against the white authorities. In
tho morning at the detention tent in
Portsmouth Square there was a demon
stration when- a- Chinaman was about to
be inoculated end at night a mob of ges
ticulating, jabbering coolies numbering at
least 1000 gathered at the headquarters
of the Six Companies on Commercial
street. In neither case, however, was
harm done, but both m&tances Illustrated
the fact that the Chinese are becoming
unruly and losing their temper.
The Chinese merchants with a better
understanding of American ways have
taken another method and more conserv
ative action to express their protest at the
quarantine. They sent a- petition yester
day to the Board of Trade and other com
mercial bodies acknowledging the receipt
of goods and begging these organizations
to investigate In fairness for themselves
and be convinced that there Is no plague
In the Chinese quarter and the quarantine
in justice should be raised.
So restless have the Chinese become and
so imperative to them has become the ne
cessity for raising the quarantine that
they do not Intend to wait until Wednes
day for the settlement of the question
In the Circuit Court. A writ of habeas
corpus was issued yf-sterday by.' United
States District Judge de Haven for one
of the imprisoned Chinese. . The writ is
returnable to-morrow and may determine
the entire question.
Gage Appoints a Sacret Commission.
Governor Gage has at last taken the
step which The Call announced several
days ago he would take. He has appoint
ed a commission of physicians and mer
chants to make a secret investigation of
affairs in Chinatown and report to him
in order that he can grant the request of
Secretary Hay for a full report of condi
tions existing In this city. In. reference to
the plague. This commission will act in
secret and \ will attempt to make a thor
ough Inquiry. The Governor was also in
consultation with United States Circuit
Judge Morrow yesterday to gain new facts
upon which to base his report. It is ex
pected that the secret commission ap
pointed by the Governor will be at; work
for several days.
Meanwhile, the quarantine continues.
The restrictions are gradually being
loosened and more people' under the pre
text of official and temporary busi
lness are being admitted. These
men are ' not required to submit
to inoculation and are permitted to
return to the places of business as they
please. The quarantine in this respect at
least places the Board of Healtti in a
most peculiar position.
"'The accusation of prominent Chinese
merchants, supported by Consul General
Ho Yow, that an offer was made to raise
the quarantine In Chinatown and lift the
embargo from Chinese goods for a brfoe
of $10,UOO,' has created a sensation. In an
interview yesterday Ho Yow said that he
was thoroughly convinced of the truth of
the charges and he has reason to believe
that he will soon be in a position to give
the name of the white man who acted as
go-between In the transaction. The Con
sul says that the Chinese who gave the
information to. the members of "the Chin
ese Merchants' Exchange and upoa whose
suggestion the merchants at -once <¦ sub
scribed $7000 of the $10,000, Is thoroughly
reliable and when necessary to do so he
will give the name of tho white name
who made the proposition. - ¦/.¦¦¦
Ho Tow Discusses Blackmail.
"I do not know for whom this white
man was acting," said Ho Yow yesterday,
"but it is easy to surmise if it be true that
he was able to carry out his bargain.
The Board of Health of this city placed
the quarantine on the district and the
Federal officials are responsible for the
embargo upon Chinese goods. The -fact'
that this white man said -.he wanted; no
money until the quarantine had ¦ been
raised and the embargo* had been re
moved indicates to me that he was acting
with authority. • :
"All that lean vouch for.at present is
that Chinese" merchants were induced' to
express their willingness in writing, to
subscribe $!>>/>» for ¦ the double purpose
which I ha^j named.' The assertlon-of
Dr. Klnyoun that $7000 was raised to pay
Dr. Plllsbury is absurd, -.without : the in
dignant denial which .-Dr.* Plllsbury^ .has
made. When . the merchants' agreed f>
subscribe the money Dr. Pillsbury had not
been engaged and there was ' no thought
of employing him. He Is paid for what he
does ana.nottln it- lump sura. "^t» mer
chants Agreed to riflie the rionv/ with the
distinct-understanding that'll was to •bo
used for a bribe. We may have some
thing more to say when the cn«e comes up
on Wednesday before the United Stated
Circuit Court. Until then we Intend to
spend more time In collecting additional
evidence.
"There is one phase of this quarantine
that I am at a loss to understand. "If the
local Board of Health and the Federal
officers really believe that the plague ex
l&ts in Chinatown why do they not Isolate
and specially quarantine the house3
which, It is claimed, were Infected? Do
they want to imprison the residents of th^
entire district and force them to contract
the plague? I can see no other inference
from their action. If the plague was/4n
the houses where it was, claimed to 'be
these houses should have been specially
quarantined to protect the thousands of
Chinese who are now prisoners within the
quarantined lines of the district. To me
the action of the authorities is very
peculiar."/
H?alth Board Demands an Inquiry.
After a secret conference lasting nearly
two hours the^ Board of Health' met yes
terday afternoon and passed a resolution
requesting the District Attorney- to call
the attention of the Grand Jury to the at
tempted blackmailing of Chinese residents
out of J10.0W on the pretext that the quar
antine would be raised. The resolution
was Introduced by Dr. . McCarthy, who
said that the matter demanded instant in
vestigation and that all parties concerned
should be brought before the Grand Jury
In order that the guilt might be fasteneji
wherever it belonged. The resolution
says: r
'•Whereas, In the Issues of the local
press of this day, Saturday, June 9, pub
licity has been, given to an attempt by
some person unknown to this board to
blackmail the Chinese residents of this
city out of the sum of $10,003 by' falsely
pretending that' he could raise the pend
ing quarantine for that sum of money;
and
,' "Whereas, Each- and all of such repre
sentations are wholly false and untrue to
the knowledge of such blackmailer, who
ever he may be; now therefore b«L it
herebv •
"Resolved. That this Board of Health
forthwith call the attention of the Dis
trict Attorney to this felonious attempt,
to the end that he may have the Grand
Jury 'nvestlgate the same and discover
and punish the guilty party or parties "
A delegation of clergymen waited on the
board and made a verbal application that
Miss Martha J. Ames and Miss Florence
N. Woriey be permitted to enter the quar
antine lines for the purpose of doing mis
sionary ' work among the Chinese. The
desired permission was given, with the
understanding that the ladies are to re
main In Chinatown until such time as the
quarantine is lifted, and they are to sub
mit to all the rules and regulations im
posed by the Health Board. An excep
tion wns made in their case, however. In
the matter of inoculation, it being repre
sented that wero they yto take the pre
ventive the confidence of the Chinese
would be greatly lessened and the efforts
of the missionaries would be consequently
abridged. The delegation of clergymen
consisted of Rev.. Eugene 'H. Avery, repre
senting the Prpsbyterlans; Rev.'Dr. "W. M
Woodward; Methodists: Rev. Dr. F. l!
Wheat, rorgrorationallsts: Ttev. Dr." H
A. -Bell: UrHed Presbyterians, and Henry
A. Fiske. People's Place.
Hew ¦ Rumors of j Corruption.
I Quickly upon' the heels of the charge
that an attempt-was made to levy black
mail upon : the -Chinese merchants to the
extent of. $10,000. comes another story of
'corruption which persistent effort -on the
part of 'those most Interested has failed
to corroborate. It is claimed that certifi
cates of inoculation' were on sale In the
Chinese nuarter and were sold at prices
ranging from $5 -to $20 apiece. Chinese
it Is said.' who old not wish to be inocu
lated could and did buy these bogus cer
tificates. The Governor, the Chines* Con
sul and ! the attorneys for the Chinese
havebeen apprised, of ; these rumors." but
investigation has not* yet ; made- them
facts.: • Day after: day these rumors have
reappeared, but none of the bogus certifi
cates have yet -been found. .,:
The Chinese. Six Companies and about
200 Chinese firms have: cent a petition -to
the Board of Trade- and also, to other
commercial bodies -of-; the -city asking
their Influence to have, the quarantine of
Chinatown discontinued. \' The i petition,
which is quite long, starts with a state
ment, of : facts., concerning the institution
of the quarantine- on the 29th of May;
and this Is followed with the assertion
"we do respectfully represent and aver
that there is- not* now nnd -that there
never has I been • any . case of bubonic
plague in San lFrancisco, and' that the
quarantine Inaugurated r and : maintained
by the Board of * Health is unreasonable
and -that' there is absolutely no necessity
sary to establish a branch in New Tork.
The business which he built up will be
carried on by his son, W. Y. Loaiza, tho
local Consul of the Argentine Republic.
Deceased leaves four boys and two girls.
; DENVER. June 9.— Dr. Tyler, secretary
of the ;State Board" of Health, .says that
if -V no -new: canes: of bubonic plague de
velop In Ban* Francisco -within the next
two .weeks the quarantine .against Chi
nese and Japanese "will '-be raised by. the
Colorado board July L :; ? '. ft
.Colorado Will Remove the Ban.
Ten Chinamen who had been given 'per
mission to leave Chinatown, that they
might Join an expedition bound for Sibe
ria, were taken to the tent on Portsmouth
Square to have their clothes fumigated
and prepared , for : the exit beyond the
ropes. Word was passed among the Chi
nese that the men were being stripped for
the purpose of inoculating them by force,
and In less: than five minutes over 1000
Chinamen, had gathered around the tent
and were prepared to ; release the men
from the clutches of the doctors. Noth
ing- could convince the mob that the
men's . clothes r were simply being . fumi
gated, and the situation became so serious
that Sergeant Mahoney and a posse of of
ficers were telephoned for. After several
charges with drawn clubs the policemen
scattered the crowd and returned to their
posts. ¦ . • -. - - . I *;; --;•.¦'{ • '•"' ¦
. In less than half an hour the mob had
again congregated in front oi the store
at 23 Waverly 'place. They besieged it.
smashing windows with cobble stones and
breaking up the furniture. > The proprie
tor managed to make his escape and the
police were again called Into 'requisition.
Last night officers guarded the premises.
1 S. M. Shortrldge, who is one of the at
torneys for ! the Chinese, declared last
night that he Intends to-morrow to ask
for the' arrest of the Health -Board on; *>*
ground that members have - Ignored
the injunction Issued by the Federal Court
and are in contempt. ; : ; r .
j In addition to this there are the aver
ments made in the other case pending that
the quarantine Is an injurious discrimina
tion against the Chinese and is therefore
In conflict with the personal rlghtsguaran
teed by the constitution of the United
States. The contention is made that there
was no bubonic plague or other epidemic
in San Francisco at the time of the adop
tion of the order and that there is none
now. It la averred that Chun Ah Sing Is
a cook employed by a Caucasian house
hold outside of the limits of the quaran
tined district and- that he visited China
town only an hour before the declaration
of quarantine; that he never had the bu
bonic plague or any other plague, hid
never been exposed to contagious or In
fectious disease, nnd that • therefore "his
detention Is unnecessary and illegal.
The threatening attitude which the Chi
nese have displayed toward the Board of
Health since the plague was first said to
be In Chinatown took 'definite shape yes
terday, j Believing that ten of their coun
trymen were about to be Inoculated by
force, they 'gathered about the tent In
which the physicians and supposed'sub
jects were and prepared to mob the place.
The. appearance of Sergeant of Police Ma
honey and a number of officers prevented
any violence, but the coolies gave vent to
their rage by wrecking the store of Yong
Yet at 23 Waverly place, the proprietor of
which they accuse of having given per
mission to the Board of Health to Inject
the serum under the dark hides.
The law firm of Reddy, Campbell & Met
son applied yesterday to United States
District Judge de Haven for a writ of ha
beas corpus on behalf of Chun Ah Sing,
returnable to-morow afternoon at 2
o'clock. 'The case will determine the le
gality of the present quarantine estab
lished in Chinatown by the City Board of
Health and brings up a new point to the
effect that the order of the Board of Su
pervisors issued on >Iay 29 authorizing
the Board of Health to establish the quar
antine is illegal. i
' Seeking to Force the Barrier.
"We appreciate the fact that your honor
able body has the interests of the entire
city of San Francisco and of the whole
State of California at heart, and we there
fore-address you this communication with
the firm cqnvlctlon that you will use your
influence; to terminate this unjust, im
proper and unnecessary quarantine, which
Inflicts its injury not only upon us alone
but upon every person in the State of
California." ¦ - ; -
or cause existing therefor." Then the pe
tition sets forth that the physicians em
ployed by the. Six Companies have thor
oughly investigated the sanitary condi
tions of the Chinese quarter and find no
case of the plague existing therein. The
interference with the trade of the mer
chants and the general Inconvenience that
has been 'caused are made much of. The
petition also says that the matter has
been presented to Governor Gage. The
Board of Trade and other bodies are
asked to use their influence for the addi
tional reason that • the interests of the
entire State of California are injured by
the continuance of the existing conditions.
In part the petition is as follows:
Chinese Appeal to Merchants.
He Returns From a Fourteen Months'
Trip Throughout Europe and
This Country.
Right Reverend Bishop Lenihan of
Auckland, New Zealand, arrived in thia
city last evening after a fourteen months'
?rip throughout the United States and
Europe. He will return to his diocese on
the steamer Alariposa, which leaves here
next Wednesday and arrives In Auckland
July 3.
Bishop I.onihan left Auckland in April,
1899, and on arriving In this city was the
guest of the Martst Fathers. From here
he went to London to visit relatives and
then to Rome, where he had an audience
with the Pope and was presented to the
Prefect of Propaganda. Here he pre
sented 1 the resolutions of the First Synr«l
of the New Zealand Province. He then'
visited Florence,. Venico and Ireland,
where he was everywhere received with
great hospitality. He obtained great help
In the way of students for missionary
work<dn New Zealand, besides a lan?e
amount of vestments and altar wear. He
was the guest of Archbishop Croke of
Thurles, at one time Bishop of Auckland.
who made an offering of 525 0 for his for
mer diocese. •• . •
, Bishop Lenihan left Liverpool May 2
and visited New York,. Washington, D. C.
Chicago — where he was 'the guest of
Father Kelly of St. Cecilia's Church-
Kansas City and Salt I-ake City, in which
latter place he was entertained by Father
Larkin. S. M.
The Bishop was born in London of Irish
parents. He went to Auckland In 1XS2 as
a newly ordained priest, and- was conse
crated Bishop In 1S06. He Will preach at
the Holy Cross Church on Eddy street,
near Scott, to-morrow forenoon at. 11
o'clock, and also in the evening. Durins?
his stay in this city he will be the guest
of Rev. Father ilcGlnty of Holy Cross
Church.
BISHOP LENIHAN OF
AUCKLAND GOING HOME
Death of Adolph Pinto.
•Adolph Pinto, a pioneer resident of Cal
ifornia and one»of the old esC Masons In
the State, died yesterday at his residence.
806 Vallejo street. Deceased leaves a wife
and a family of grown-up children.
To Sell Calvary Church.
The trustees of Calvary Presbyterian
Church- have petitioned the Superior Court
to confirm the sale r.f the church property
at Geary and Powell streets tr> A. S. Bald
win, who has offered $2*>,000 for it. Th<»
trustees purpose erecting a new church
building on Jackson street.
DIED MANY MILES
FROM HIS FAMILY
n rtOrtENCESLAO LOAIZA, head of
\Y( // the well-known shipping and
\v\// commission firm of W. Loaiza &
. Co., 21S Sansome street, this
city, passed f away in New York , on Fri
day last after a short Illness. Death
was attributed to ¦ meningitis. Deceased
was 70 years old at the time of his" de
mise, and very active for his age. He Had
personally supervised his large business
here. The manifold interests of the
Eastern concern, of which the local' house
at 216 Sansome street is an important
branch, were looked after by deceased.
His death was a shock to his children,
who are residents of this city. They im
metilately telegraphed East for the body,
and it will be sent here for Interment in
the family plat in Holy' Cross Cemetery.
Mr; Loaiza was a native of Mexico. He
came of a' distinguished and wealthy fam
ily of that - country. He . was born in
Guaymas in 1830 and came to this city in
1876. Upon arriving here he Immediately
embarked in the shipping and commis
sion business. He watched It grow to Its
-present proportions, and found it neces- ,
W. Loaiza, Local Commis
sion Merchant, Expires
in New York.
GEORGE STONE, chairman, and W.
If. Cutter, secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee,
have Issued a circular letter rec
ommending all county committees in
the State to arrange for ratification
meetings in honor of the nominations
for President r.nd Vice President to be
made by the Republican National Con
vention. The co-operation of clubs and
kindred organizations is Invited so that
the demonstration will be of such char
acter as will arouse the, enthusiasm of
the people. It is noted that Oregon has
fired the first gun in the campaign, and
It is suggested that California shall mani
fest the sentiment of her people with
equal clearness. The committee further
sugsesis that the first meetings sha'l
strike the keynote of the campaign and
rhow beyond -avil that there is no waver
ing or doubts of success in Republican
ranks..
George Stone and \V. M. Cutter have
addressed another letter to the Repub
licans cf California. In assuming the
ofiice of chairman and secretary, respect
ively, of the Republican State Central
Committee, they do so with the full
knowU-dge of tne responsibilities devolv
ing upon them. They promise that such
ability and energy as they possess will be
constantly empioyed in the interests of
the party, end with the sole object of
«ucce*s for the ticket. The co-operation
i f every Republican and all other loyal
cltizens'of California is invited. The let
tor or address contains further invitation
£« follows:
•'\\V also invite the Republicans gener-
B.Uy to Rive the committee at all times
their views upon matters relating to the
conduct of the campaign, and to freely
make suggestions which may be thought
to possess id^as which will prove of as
ei^tance to the committee in its work.
"The committee rooms will be kept open
curing the cuapslsn from early morning
till 10 o'clock p- m., and a welcome is
cordially extended to all callers, and we
especially ask frier.ds from the country
to call and give us the benefit of their ob
servations."
The following official notice of a meet
ing of the Republican State Central Com
mittee Has been issued: x
A mating of the Republican Btate Central
C'iir.Trm*-e of California wilt b« held at Golden
Gate Hall C3 Sutter street, on Thursday. June
-1 r-v at S p m. The attendance of every
member cf the committee is earnestly desired
«t this ir.eetlng. as business of special Impor
tance is to be presented.
It will be r-.ecepsa.ry to fix the - ttoe ana place
of meeting of and apportionment of delegates to
the S*ate Convention which i» - to nominate
Presidential Electors. Matters connected with
the new primary election law and the new reg
istration must also be considered. __„?„
All members of the State Central Committee
are ir.vite.l to act as vice presidents at the
£?!fl£t on meeting to be held in this city on
the sarre evenins in honor of the nominations
,-our M~. tocher. {gggf-igtauiL
W. M. CUTTER. Secretarv-
The registration office at the City Hall
-will b* open to-morrow night. Tbreea.8
eembly districts, the Thirtieth, Thirty
first and Thirty-ninth, will be cited to
rarre election officers to serve at the
primary election to take place on August
U Till office is in readiness for registra
tion.
be called by th» president when In his opin
ion the same are required, and must be called
by him upon the written request of twelve
members, which request must state the objects
for v.-hich taid special meeting is to be held.
Should the president at any time fail to call
a Breda] meeting on the petition of twelve
members, it ehall be within the discretion of
the executive committeeman to call the mem
bers of the club together for the purpose of
transacting the business specified in the call.
At least twenty-four hours* notice shall be
given of all 'special meetings, and due notice
thereof published in the daily papers.
Article 10. Notice of the official organization
of all Assembly District Republican clubs phall
I* filed with the secretary of the Republican
County Committee as soon as effected, and not
later than the 12th day of July. 1900.
DIRECT CHARGES OF BRIBERY.
Bold Accusation Made by a Contest
ing Delegation of City Democrats.
Democrats of the Thirty-eighth Asseem-
I bly District, v.ho were defeated by brlbr
I ery and corruption, have addressed the
i following protest to the Democratic State
I Convention against the admission of the
KFay-Phelan delegation:
To the o! fleers and members of the Demo
cratic £tate Central Committee of the State of
California, the officers and members of the
! L>«.-:ntrcratie State Convention of the said State,
I and the officers and members of the Democratic
! Municipal Convention of the city and county of
i San Francisco, State of California— CJentlemen:
I We. the undersigned delegates of the said mu
nicipal convention, do hereby In writing record
our prot.-st and appeal heretofore orally made
and given t<» and in the said municipal con
vention on Wednesdav evening, June 0, 1SIH),
against and from the decision of said municipal
convention and the officers thereof in declaring
that R. F. Mogan, Philip S. Fay. John W.
Tracy, Charles S. Smith. J. W. Mulcahy,
Stej hen M. Gunn. J. J. Geary and W. J.
Thompson, or either or any of them, are and
were duly elected delegates to the said State
convention as and from the Thirty-eighth As
sembly District of the State of California.
And cs and for the reasons of the said pro
: test and appeal we do hereby resiate and re
affirm the following reasons and farts why the
cction of the said municipal convention and the
officers thereof in declaring the said parties
herein last above named as such delegates
should te annulled, set aside and declared with
out force apd effect, and why the contesting
delegation to the said State convention, con
sisting of Hugo K. Asher. H. C. Colbert. C. S.
Levy. M. A. Livingston, \\\ Sweeney. Yv\ Ham
ilton, W. Stafford and J. L. Murphy, should be
declared entitled to the office and stats of
delegates to the Faifl State convention as and
from the said Thirty-eighth Assembly District.
First— That the said election was and Is
aealnst law.
Second— That the said election Is and was
procured by fraud, bribery, intimidation and
corruption. ,,
And in these respects we do hereby specify
the follov.lng. viz.: <a) That the said elec
tion was Illegal and void in tnis. that no meet-
Ing of the delegates to the said municipal con
vention of and from the said Thirty-elehth
Assembly District was held at any time what
ever in <<r at which a selection or election was
made cr held tor any of the said alleged dele-
Kates «Jeclared to be the delegates for '.he said
Assembly district. <b> That the. report pur
ported to have been made? by a portion of ttv?
delegates cf the said Assembly district and
purported to have been signed by a majority
of the delegates of the said district was so
procured to be signed by fraud, bribery, .in
timidation and corruption. ' t'
And in this respect we do hereby further
specify es follows: ¦
t. That the' signing of the said purported re
port hereinabove mentioned by one John * .
Finn a delezate of and from the eaid Thirty
elehth Assembly District, was procured by one
Charles W. Fay. clerk to the Mayor of the city
and county of San Francisco, by promising to
and giving to the said John F. Finn a bribe in
the shape and form of an official position in
end under the municipal government of the city
and county «f Pan Francisco, which 6ala po-
Fition is and was that of clerk or stationery
clerk of the Board of Supervisors of the said
city F.nd county.
That it was made possible and feasible to
th<- paid Charles W. Fay to carry out the said
promise in that respect by him to the i-aid
Finn made, by virtue of his said official posl-.
tlon and by virtue of the active I support of
others holding high office under the municipal
ity, at whose direction and solicitation he, the I
said Fay, <iid so act.
2. That the eiRnlnjr of the Raid purported re
port by one Joseph Lynch, a delegate to the
said municipal convention of. from and for the
Bald Thirty-e'ghth Assembly District, was .pro
cured by one Charles \V. Fay by giving to the
said Lynch a bribe In the form and shape of
an official position in and under the municipal
government of the city and county of. San
Francisco, and by further promising and agree
inc to keep and - retain- the said Lynch in tht
said position and by threatening to remove hln:
therefrom In caw he should so refuse to do.
The position herein last referred to is that of
clerk* in' the Registrar's office in said city and
county.
3. That the, signing of said purported report
by one Charles Capassa. a delegate to the said
municipal convention of, from and for the said
Thirty-elirhth Assembly District,- was procured
by one Charles \V. Fay by intimidating and
threatening and causing the said Capassa .to
be intimidated and threatened by threats to
the effect that If he. the said Casansa, refused
to and did not sign the said report he, the.sald
Charles \\\- Fay. and those under, for/ and
with whom he acted, would cause him. the said
Casassa. to lose his employment with the Pa
clHc Telephone and Telegraph Company <a cor
poration*, by which eaid corporation he, the
Bali Oayasfa. was then and there employed.
That the said Chart** W, Fay. and those un
der whom arid with whom he was acting, wss
tl:<n and there able to carry out his said threats
and by further promising and agreeing to com
pensate and pay the said Oasassa by official
preferment for himself eml his friends, for his
bo signing the paid report.
That In ?ll the Bald actions herein ascribed to
the paid Charles W. Fay and those acting
with htm. they did not aft with a view u» fur
ther the interest of the Democratic party", but,
on the contrary, were actuated by selfish, Im
pure and perFonal motives only.
That to permit th» said action to *ro unre
buked and ix-rmit the delegates so elected by
fraud and corruption to l>e seated in the said
convention would be subversive of party in
teprity. Democratic principles and good govern
ment.
That your Protestants and appellants will at
the rm per t'me and place produce evidence in
the shape of depositions, affidavits and oral tes
timony, to be submitted to the said State con
vention or any committee by It authorized to
act. to establish the facts herelnabove alleged.
That but for the said fraudulent practices the
raid contesting delegation would have been
elected. - ¦ •
Wherefore your petitioners and, appellants
pray that the said election of B. F. Mogan,
Philip 6. Fay. John \V. Tracy. Charles S.
Smith. J. W. Mulcahy. Stephen M. (Junn. J. J.
Geary and W. J. Thompson as delegates to
the said State convention be declared null and
void and of ro effect, and that they be refused
ceats In the said convention, and that the said
H. K. Asher, P. O. Colbert. C. S. Levy, M. A.
Llvinrston. w. Sweeney.- W. Hamilton W.
Stafford and J. L. Murphy be declared the duly
elected delegates to the said State convention
from and for the paid Thirty-elshth Assembly
District, and that they be seated as such dele
gates in the «ald convention. . z
.LEO KAUFMAN.
J. L. HART,
Petitioners .antt appellants.
Governor Appoints a Secret Commission of Inpiry.
.Chinese Strive to Raise :ths Barriers.
OAKLAND, June 9.— The first blush
of excitement over the indictment
of County Assessor Henry P. Dal
ton has worn off, and the people
of Alameda County are now waiting to
see what move will next be made,
whether by the county or by Mr. Dalton.
In the. Superior Court next "Wednesday
Mr. Dalton will have to appear In court
and make his plea to the indictment.
In the accusation for impeachment pro
ceedings the document itself fixes the
date on which Mr. Dalt*n will have to
answer as the 19th of June, which is one
week from next Tuesday. After appear
ances have been made in each of these
cases the dates for the trials will be set,
and everything will then be pushed to an
early conclusion. Mr. Dalton announces
that he desires that an early trial shall
be had, and that he will push matters as
rapidly as possible. The Superior Court
is on its vacation, but it is not likely that
this will be allowed to interfere with the
progress of the trials.
The political complexion of the matter
rather wore off- 10-day, and It left the
facts to be sought for. -Even 'the En
quirer, which is Mr. Dalton's organ, took
back its charge against "all" of Mr. Met
calf's friends as responsible for this in
dictment, and com.ned it to "some" of
Mr. Metcalf s frlendd in the following ed
itorial: >
The Enquirer does not believe that all of
Mr. Metcalf's friends are responsible for or
sympathize with the Grand Jury's attack upon
Assessor Dalton. But that some of Mr. Met
calf's friends are responsible for It, the En
quirer has no doubt. And the Enquirer further
believes that the people of Alameda County
will not permit Mr. Ddlton to be killed oft
politically in such an underhanded way to grace
a Metcalf holiday.
Given Unusual Publicity.
The personal attacks upon the members
of the Grand Jury which found this in
dictment have forced the grand jurors to
make statements in their own defense,
and tor thl3 reason more of the proceed
ings of that body have come before the
public than is usual in such cases. Sev
eral members of that body have openly
stated that the indictment was not found
for the destruction of the field memoran
dum books, but for the destruction of ths
"office roll," which could not be produced
when they required it.
One of the causes which led to this In
vestigation of the existence of this "of
fice roll" was the fact that nearly every
member of the Grand Jury had received
notices that his personal property tax
was due and payable, and each notice
contained a statement that the personal
property assessment . was recorded in a
certain volume and on a certain page in
the County Assessor's office. When a
search was made for these books they
could not be found. The question then
to be settled was whether these books
were county records or not. District At
torney Allen says that the whole case
hinges upon whether these are county
records and the legality of the law wh'ch
makes the County Assessor responsible
for' the uncollected personal property
taxes of the county.
But the interest in the political side of
the case has gone, and it Is now only a
question of the legal action that remains
to be taken. That will begin next week,
and every move will be watched with the
greatest interest.
A mass-meeting of workingmen was
held in California Hall to-night to pro
test against the indictment of County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton. The small hall
was filled, about 300 men being present.
Authorized by No Labor Union.
The call for the meeting was by flyers,
signed "The Committee."- A. J. Read,
foreman of the Enquirer, who is also one
of Mr. Dalton's bondsmen and a very
prominent labor organizer of Oakland,
fathered the meeting and acted as chair
man. The meeting was thus made to ap
pear as an official one, backed by the la
bor organizations of Oakland. As politics
is- prohibited in labor organizations the
Building Trades Council of Alameda
County, an organization of all of the
building trades bodies, to-night issued the
following statement:
Eilitor The Call: Statements have appeared
in the dally papers? announcing that the in
dictment of Henry P. Dalton by the Grand Jury
has been received as a direct insult by or
ganized labor, and that at meetings of several
of the unions the matter has been discussed. It
may be possible that some of the members of
tho labor unions of this city have as Individual*
been discussing the indictment by the Grand
Ex-County Recorder Charles H. Spear
deplored what he called the despicable
?olitlcal methods of Dalton's opponents.
le thought.it peculiar that Assessor Dal
ton was the only county official that the
Grand Jury accused.
"Why," he said, "the expert appointed
by the Board of Supervisors should ac
cuse Dalton and no one else is strange,
but It may be stated that the expert is
the creature of the Board of Supervisors
and the votes of three of them keep him
in office. The Grand Jury is a system
that is a relic of the dark ages. It should
be abolished. It is. as it now exists, a.
political machine."
As Mr. Spear concluded Chairman Read
remarked that he had always supposed
that*justice was blind, but that in Oak
land he had found that justice , was
"green." _ '
The other speakers were Dr. George
Derrick. John Aubrey Jones, G. W. Cal
derwood. R. G. Sullivan and Herman Ben
nett. The following resolutions were
adopted:
Resolved. That Henry P. Dalton is a working
man and the friend of all honest laborers, mala
and temale.
Resolved. That Henry I*. Dalton la entitled to
and -will Bet our warmest support reeardless
of our party affiliations.
' Resolved. That so long as we respect our
manhood, our muscles and the perspiration of
our brows we will not forsake Henry P. Dalton
In his hour of need.
Resolved. That neither fake juries, mock
courts nor political reprobates Khali deter us
from giving Mr. Dalton the full measure of our
support and sympathy.
"The men who caused the Indictment of
Henry P. Dalton were contemptible
scoundrels. I can with truth say ttvat.
the indictment was for no other purpose
than to degrade him and to defeat him
in his Congressional aspirations. They say
the chairman of the Grand Jury had no
animosity against Dalton, but 1 am sur
prised at his | nerve In being part of a
jury to return such an indictment"
Hugh S. Aldrich next took the platform
in defense of Assessor Dalton. Ho de
clared that the indictment was the re
sult of a political scheme concocted by the
political enemies of the Assessor. He said
In part:
Aldrich Defends Dalton.
"Henry P. Dalton has been for six years
before the people in the office of County
Assessor, and not until he announced hla
aspirations for a seat in Congress waa
his honesty questioned. The charges that
have just been brought against him couM
have been made three years ago, but at
that time they would have served no po
litical purpose, as they are intended to
do now. This attack on Henry P. Dalton
was made not only to blast his political
ambition, but to put an honorable name
on the prison register and to belittle tho
laboring man in general. Mr. Daiton has
courted an immediate investigation. Tho
issue should be forced, and if he is guilty
of the charges made by the Grand Jury
and his guilt is established I will be one
of the first to say that Henry P. Dalton
should wear prison stripes."
The speaker reviewed the accusations
against Assessor Dalton and In defense
stated that the small books destroyed
were in the nature of private memoranda.
J. E. Holmes was the next speaker, llo
said in part:
Jury of Henry P. I>alton, but th* matter has
never been discussed In any manner at any
meeting of any substantial labor organization.
The laws of all labor unions positively forbid
the discussion of political or sectarian Ques
tions at any of the meetings. .We, as presi
dent, secretary and business agent of th» Build
in? Trades' Council, do positively stata th» In
dorsement of any candidate for political offlc*
has never been discussed at any of the meet-
Ings of the unions affiliated with tha Building
Trades' Council of Alameda County.
J. T. KERX8. President.
J. V. A. FRATES. Secretary.
J. II. MULLKN, Business Agent.
The mass-meeting was called to order
by A. J. Read, who said:
Scheme of the "Old Guard."
"We are here to protest against a
scheme concocted by certain politicians
known as the 'Old Guard' and to pro
test against the outrageous proceedings
of a body presided over by one. T. L. Bar
ker, a man who Is not qualified to sit on
a Police Court Jury.
"Another shining light of the Grand
Jury Is a man named Gray, a director In
a . building: and loan association, which,
enabled its secretary to embezzle J17.0OO.
I can say that Mr. Gray wa3 partially re
sponsible for the theft. But this does not
concern him. He must present an Indict
ment against a county offldal who has
never stolen one dollar."
Friends of the Accused Official Bitterly De
nounce the Action of the Grand Jury
at a Mass-Meeting.
People of AlamedaCounty Waiting
for Assessor Dalton's
EXCITEMENT OVER
INDICTMENT SUBSIDES
OFFICIALS INVESTIGATING THE
CHINESE BLACKMAIL SCANDAL
Contesting Democrats From the Thirty-Eighth
Assembly District Address a Red Hot
Protest to the State Convention.
Official Call Issued for a, Meeting
of the State Central
Committee.
REPUBLICANS READY
TO OPEN THE BATTLE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
0 ?*?#?. *?•?•?• ? #??? « ?« 4>*«*««*«**4 O
I Pages 23 to 32]
Pap 23 to 32!
Unity Lodge of the Independent Order
of B'nal B'rlth will next Tuesday evening
tender a reception in its lodgeroom - to
Grand President Lucius L. Solomon. Af
ter if rstcrnal greetings there will be an
adjournment to a prominent rotlsserle.
where the evening's festivities will he
concluded around the festal board. Tne
affair will be under the direction of Her
man Enkie. H. I. Conreich. J. Radston. H.
B Harris and W. Hirschfeld. the com
mittee of ' arrangements. ;."
WENCESLAO LOAIZA.says he has been in active training: for
eighteen months, during which he has
met twenty men, and he feels that he
was not in proper condition to light Jack
son, especially as he had to concede seven
pounds. He offers to put up' $1000 for a
return match with Jackson on the same
terms as last night 1 * fiRht. the meeting to
occur within sixty or ninety days. Parker
has always given a second chance to men
he .has defeated and thinks he has a right
to ask the same consideration.
TEN-INNING GAME.
New Yorks Lose Through the Blun
der of Gleason.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
. Clubs- W. L. Pet. | Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia. 25 14 .641 'Chicago ../..20 21 .4S7
Urooklyn ....22 16 .57S!»oston 17 20 .459
PlttsburK 23 20 .532 Cincinnati ..15 23 .394
St. Louis 20 19 .512!New York.. .14 23 .373
NEW YORK, June 9.— The New Yorks lost a
tnn-lnnlng frame to St. Louis to-day through
the blundering work of Gleason in the tenth.
Attendance. SWOO. Score:
•Clubs— R. H. E.
New York • 3 7 V S
St. Louis 6 12 4
Batteries— Hawley and Bowerman; Wring and
Robinson. Umpire, O'Day.
BOSTON, June 9.— Grifflth was invincible to
day except In the fourth, when Boston scored
two runs on four singles. Attendance. 7500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 0
Chicago •• • 6 8 3
Batteries— Lewis and Clarke; Griffith and
Chance. Umpire, Hurst.
BROOKLYN. June 9.^-McGlnnity had the
PIttsburgs at his mercy to-day, holding them
down to four hlt3 until the ninth, when he al
lowed thorn as many more. The Brocklyns
batted Tannehlll at will, especially in the
elglith. 1 Attendance, 9400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 9 14 1
Pittsburs j • 3 8 '"v 4
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Farrell; Tannehlll
and Zlmmer. Umpire, Swartwood.
PHILADELPHIA. June 9.— Pitcher Hahn of
Cincinnati was an easy mark for Philadelphia
until the end of the fifth inning, when he was
withdrawn and Newton substituted. The latter
was effective, but it was too late to save the
carae, and the locals won by better all-around
playing. Attendance, 7623 Score:
Clubs—; ; ;.-'•? R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 .7 " 3
Philadelphia 9 13 1
Batteries— Hahn, Newton and Peltz; Bern
hard and McFarland. Umpire, Emslie.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Brooklyn baseball
team owners In town to-day denied in unquali
fied terms the story sent out from Philadelphia
that they were contemplating transferring the
Brooklyns to Washington ' because of lack of
patronoze. . /_ -
American Association Games.
McKEEVER LOSES.
CHICAGO, June 9.— Chicago 5. Detroit 2.
KANSAS CITY, June 9.— Kansas City 13,
Cleveland 4.\
MINNEAPOLIS, June 9.— Minneapolis 0, Buf-
MILWAUKEE, June 9.— Mllwauke* 2, In
dianapolis 8. . . • • • .
With
Disqualified for Fouling in a Bout
Kid McFadden Defeated.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Charlie McKeever
of Philadelphia. lost to' Jimmy Handler of
Newark at the Seaside Athletic Club to
night by fouling his opponent In the sixth
round of what was to have been a twen
ty-five' round contest. at 148 pounds Mc-
Keever in the sixth round struck Handle
low Handler was hurt and Claimed a foul
which was not allowed. McKeever repeat
ed the trick and was promptly disqualified
NEW.vTORK, June ; 9.— At the : Pelican
Athletic Club to-night Hugh. McPadden of
New York .outpointed : Kid McFadden ot
San Francisco and got the decision,
the Decision.
DENVER. Colo.. June 9.— Kid Parker,
who' was defeated by "Young r Peter Jack
son" last night before the, Colorado Ath
letic: Association, gave out a signed state
ment j| to-night, In which he asserts I that
the, decision against, him .was given' very
largely for. the purpose of disposing of .the
impression which Is said to have -become
prevalent that the club is partial to him
(Parker). , He admits that Jackson had
the better of It in the tenth round, c but
Tells How It Was That Jackson Got
PAKKER'S STATEMENT.
The first averages prepared showing the batting, run-getting and base-steal
ing records of all players in the California Baseball League to June 9. 1000. have
boon compiled by the official scorer of the league, J. XV. Stapleton. The following
table tells the story: ' VJV .
BATTING AVERAGES
OF LEAGUE PLAYERS
Evidence Insufficient.
Thomas Connolly and John Sullivan,
charged with robbery, got the benefit of
the doubt from Judge Cabanlss yesterday
and their cases were dismissed. They
were accused of robbing C. A. Tucker of
a gold watch at Twenty-ninth ;*id Noe
streets two weeks ago. The Judge held
that the evidence was not sufficient to
hold them for trial in a higher court.
The outcome of the Xeill-Moffatt fight
furnished food, for unlimited . discussion
yesterday. Kach man has his adherents.
Those of the Chlcagoan arc ready with
unstintftl praise for the showing he made,
while Nelll's friends' have explanations
without number.
Moir&tt'a admirers affirm that Is'eill
fought as well as he ever did, but that
his opponent's cleverness detracted from
the knowing he made; that he had never
met such a 'man before and in conse
quence his delinquencies had never been
made so apparent. ¦•
This view Is not accepted by xselll a
friends. There were ugly rumors of Job
bery, but no credence was placed in them,
the worst said of Nelll being that he had
transgressed certain well-dertned -rules of
training contrary to the advice of hla
manager and others Interested In his wel
fare. .
Nelll's friends will never believe that his
showing was iii keeping with that of pre
vious tights. There was something ln
dellnable lacking, which they claim sent
him out of the ring the vanquished in
stead of the victor. Moffatt is given due
credit for the careful, workmanlike man
ner In which he went about the business
he had in hand. He was tryinsr all the
time, taking advantage of every opening.
There were times when' he seemed be
wildered at Kelll's blocking and footwork,
but he never grew discouraged.
Moffatt has decided to remain here some
time and has wired. his wife, who Is In
Chicago, to join him here. ,HIs share of
the purse on Friday night was $1600. the
loser's end being $1100. .The total receipts
were about $50tK). This amount would have
been materially increased had not the po
llen stopped the sale of gallery tickets bo
fore that portion of the building was filled
to its capacity. Moffatt will probably bo
a principal in tlie next important tight
here. Club managers arc already casting
about for a suitable opponent for him.
Tim Murphy, George Green and Phil
Green am already mentioned as posslblTi
ties. Mofrntt has offered Nelll a return
match after he (Moffatt) has . met; some
other man. •."•'. . -
Their Points of View; Axe So Kadi
cally Diverse That; Efforts to
Reconcile Them Are of
Friends of Both Moffatt^ and
Neill Thrash Over the
Recent Bout. •
BOXING EXPERTS
DIFFER ON THE
FIGHT OUTCOME
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. UH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. I. f.... 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Devereaux. 3ti 3 0 0 0 3 10
' j.'arjn ss 4 0 0 0 •« ¦* 0
m£h«. r. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 13 1 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 0 3 .5 • 0
Doyle, p S 0 0 0 0 0 0
Staanahan. c f 3 0 1 0, 0 0 0
Stult«,-2b 3 * l _o J. _°.
Totals 30 0 3 0 17 13 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton " 0 0 0 10 0 0 0-1
Base hits 0 1 0 1 .0 0 1.0 0-3
Sacramento O 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 — 0
Ua.-r lilts 010 00110 0 — 3
SUMMARY.
Run reciioii!«ible for— Doyle. Sacrifice hits
—McCarthy. Mi-l.aiiRhlln. Doublo play—Stan
ley to Hunlon to Stultz. 15as<>» on balls — Off
Whalen 2. oJT Dojl>> 4. Struck out — Uy Whalen
t, by Doyle 2. I.«ft on bafes— Stockton 1. Sac
ramento C. Time of piuiw— t hour H2 minutes:
Umpire— F. Graves-. Ofllclal neorer— A. II. llar
lln.
Race for girls under 14— Maud Vervalln won,
Dorothy Duggan second. Edna White third.
ItunnliiK broad Jump— G. T. Shaw won, Frank
Ross second. Joe Sullivan third.
Fat men's race— G. W. Farnher won, J. W.
Scanlan pecond. !
Fat ladles' race— Mrs. A. Carl won, Mrs. H.
O. Witt second. Mrs. George Fountain third.
Race for wives of Odd Fellows — Mrs. G.
Hutchlnson won, Mrs. Etta Wipon second,
Mrs. F. K. Dalzell third.
Race for Odd Fellows— Xlels Larsen won, G.
W. Derrick second, P. Nelson third.
Ekb and ladle race for ladies — Miss Anna
Ptrasber* *on, Miss II. Q. Witt second. Miss
Hi P. Xelzr.n third.
Race for panton members— C. L. 2V?Jgler won,
S. H. Vance second. Captain Kornbeck third.
Race for jwlves of members of Canton— Mrs.
H. Xowoll I won, Mrs. Price second, Mrs. T.
Jorgenson third. *
Race for [members of Rebekah Drill Corps —
Lotta Goulwon. Jennie Wright second.
Canton >Jo. 11 of Oakland defeated Canton
No. 5 of San Francisco in the tug-of-war. The
defeated team was composed of C II. Korn
beck. II. Vv\ Nowell, M. T. Forbes, G. W.
Karnher, "VT. B. Dubols, B. Ilansen. II. D.
Harringtonf H. HodRers, C. L.. Z.?igler and II:
Larsen. The victorious team was made up as
follows: George Pape, John Fisch, G. T.
nurtchell. X. Offerson, E. R. Alden, S. P.
Skow/ J. E. StrelRhtif. William Chalmers, J.
F. Rasmussen and G. B. Baddell.
Bicycle race— E. G. Murphy won, George
white second, Frank Mitchell third.
POLICE PLACE STONE
OVER ALLEN'S GRAVE
Deceased Patrolman of the California-
Street Station Remembered by
His Brother Officers.
. The policemen of Company A ' hare
erected a monument over the grave of
their late brother, Charles A. Allen. The
stone was subscribed for by them and
wlll'serve as a lasting reminder of the re
spect they bore him In life. It waa placed
In position in Cypress Lawn Cemetery
about a week ago. This Is the first time
such action has ever been taken, by the
members of the force.
On the fac* of. the stone the name and
age are carved. Below la a policeman's
star, with the number 'H63" upon It. Be
low appears the inscription. Erected by
Co. A. Police Department." The monu
ment Is very neat in deslsrn.
Allen was connected with the California-
Street police station and died of pneumo
nia on March 15. He was dutiful and
highly respected In the rank3.
Judge J. V. Coffey, L. R. Ellert and
Charles Bur.dschu, director of the Mer
chants' Association, have been selected
to atft as members of the board of ex
aminers for the examination of ordinary
clerks, to be held at the Girls' High School
June 13, 1900. at 8 p. m. They will confer
with the Civil Service Commission during
the week on matters connected with the
examination.
Civil Service Examiners.
5 HELL MOUND PARK was filled
with brave soldiers and pretty girls
yesterday. Canton Oakland j No.
11. Patriarchs Militant, Independ
ent Order of, Odd Fellows, picnicked on
the pretty pleasure grounds .and enjoyed
a delightful outing. The members of the
organization were dressed in their bril
liant uniforms, and the gold lace which
bestrewed each one's coat outshone the
orb of day. The members of Canton No.
5 of this city were the honored guests of
their brothers across the bay. Their uni
forms equaled their hosts' in splendor, and
when a bunch of the Patriarchs Militant
got together .the whole vicinity was
lighted up. They drilled, danced, ' ran
races and pulled on a rope in such a
youthful fashion that a spectator was
puzzled to learn where they gained their
title of "patriarchs."
The games were Inaugurated after
luncheon, and for nearly two hours the
crowd watched some exciting sport. The
race between Captain Kornbeck and
Captain Cole was highly amusing. Both
strolled over the course In animated con
verratlon, unmindful of the shouts of the
spectators. Captain Kornbeck was
awarded a handsome tin sword for talk
ing the fastest. At the conclusion of the
games the local company grave an exhi
bition drill In the pavilion. Captain. Korn
beck put his command through a series
of difficult maneuvers amid the applause
of the spectators. At the close of the
drill Captain Cole presented J»im with a
cake as an appropriate offering to*such
a brilliant command. The success of the
outing was due to the efforts of the fol
lowing committees:
Invitation — George C Pape, John McVey, C.
H, Wever.
Advertising— S. Samuel, C. A., Chandler, F.
E. Pierce. • • '
Music— C. H. Cole, J. E. Strelirhtlf.
cJames— C.-ll. Cole. i>orKe Kirk, S. Samuels,
John "risen. George G Pape.
Floor;— Oeor»re C. >«a]«? (manager), H..A. Day.
J. K. Streiglitlf, William Chalmers. F. E.
Pierce, ' N. Offerson.
The grames resulted as follows:
Race for boys under 8 years— Ernest Pape
won William Aielnheart second. K. Chalmers
third.
Haee for girls under 8 years— Hazel Samuels
won. Ruby Hees second, Mtllie Driggs third.
Uace for boys under 14 years— Joe Sullivan
won, Ed Murphy second. 1>. Pape third.
Youns ladles' race — Alice Wright won, G.
Axx second, Maud Swift third.
Croad jump — "Soldier" Phil Green won. G.
Shane second, J. P. Scanlan third.
Cartoonist Warren's Idea of the Odd Fellows' Picnic.
San Francisco 5, Oakland 2.
New faces and old were seen at Recrea
tion Park yesterday afternoon. Oakland
played Borchers In the box and Midget
Mangerino back of the bat; San Francisco
the great Reitz at short. To put the foam
on A. L. Reach sat in the press box des
canting of the days that are passed and
the future that will t- |Ii Reach is an
authority on the pame, «. well as a maker
of balls. He comes from the Kast and
knows a thing or two about all the old
timers. What he says about the local
gamr was much to Hank's liking and
made Theodore P. Bonnet Bay happy
things to himself. Hank was happy for
another season. His team la now in third
place.
Sad and heavy on the bench sat Uncle
Hank In the seventh. Up to that time
he had the Dudes Jn all kinds of crema
tories, but then fitzpatrick did Btunta
that provoked bad words from the local
fans. In quick Succession Hutchinson,
Hardie and Krancks went to the bags on
hits and the bases were crowded. This Is
where Kitz went particularly bad, but In
the other way, forcing In Hutchinson and
Hardie by walking Moskiman and Dun
leavy. Uncle Hank was so passionate at
all this that as soon as he regained speech
lie put Iburg- in the box and no further
run-getting resulted. But the score did
not remain two all for any length of time.
In the same inning Keilly was presented
with two bases by some eccentric throw
ing of Uorchers to first and scored on a
repetition of the act.
With two men sleeping In the cemetery,
Frisco pushed its first man over the rub
ber in the third lnnlngr. Hlldebrand
played safe at Tlrst by a hit toward Dun
leavy's grounds with which Brockhoff col-
Ikied on his attempt to make second and
was called out. Then Mangerino made
his fim strong arm mistake by throwing
a few thousand feet too high.- while Hilde
lirand skated toward second. Mr. Hllde
brand scored while the bunch tried to lo
cate the ball in the center field.
In the fif tli Borchera was on his bad
behavior and was found for three hits,
one of which was a double by the non
s^wattinp Fireman. Rube Levy ¦was safe
at the first Back on a hit to center and
Kitz's two-baprger sent him to third. Then
Rrockhoff rolled the ball out and Levy
covered the pkH<?- That was the extent
of the run-srettlnsr.
In the tifrhth liorchers was found again ;
and Home fulsome errors gave Hank's i
tenm a few runs. Hlldebrand and Sulli
van passed the rubber. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. n. BH. SB. TO. A. K.
Drennan. c. f 4 0 0 0 10 1)
lxinpe. Cb 4 0 0 0 12 1!
flutcbinsoa. lb 3 1 1 0 11 C Oj
Hardie. r. f 4 12 0 10 0]
Kian.k*. ts 3 0 2 1 2 4 1
Mofklman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 O 0 j
puoleary, 2b 3 9 10 3 0 2
M.inperino, c 3 0 0 0 18 1
l)orchers. t p 4 0 I 0 2 2 Jj
TotaJs 32 2 7 I '3 13 8|
6AN FRANCISCO. .
AB. R. 1>H. SB. PO. A. E.
HrorkhoIT. .c. f 2 0 10 0 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 4 2 3 1 2 2 0
Schwartz. 2b 2 0 0 1 1 * 0
Sullivan, c 4 12 13 2 0!
P.-ib.-t. lb 4.0 0 0 18 O 0!
Ufitz. ss 4 0 0 0 A S 0
\s-xy, 1. f 3 1110 0 0
Uetlly. ?b 3 10 0 17 0
Fitzpatrick. p 2 0 1 0 0 S 0
Iborg. p 1 0 1 0 0 0 Oj
Totals ?9 5 9 4 27 20 0
•Krockhoff out: hit by batted ball.
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Or.kland 00000020 0 — 2
l^ase hits 0 0 1 2 0' 0 3 1 0—7
San Francisco 0 0 1 n l o l I •— 5
Base hit.* I 0 1 0 3 1 1 2 »-S
SUMMARY.
Kupj responsible for— Bor<-herB<3. Fit zpatrick
2. Two-base hits— Fitzi>atrl<'k. Sullivan.
Sacrifice hit— Schwartz. Fim bat«e on
errors— ?an Francisco 4. rirs>t base on
calW balls— Oakland 4. Pan Francisco 3. IWt
on ba»;»— Oakland 5. San Francisco Z. Struck
out— Uy Iburj? 1. by Kitzj-atrlck 2. Double
I.lays — RorchT* unassisted. Time of game — 1
hour 00 minutes. I'nipire— Donohue. Official
scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Stockton Wins a Close Game.
STOCKTON
STOCKTOX, Jufle 9. — A 'collision be
tv,een McCarthy and Courtney, both of
whom went after a high fly. is all that
kept Stockton and Sacramento from play
ing an errorless game, with the score 1 to
0. The contest was a pitchers' battle, in
which Whalen had far the better of the
argument. Three hits were made off each
twirler. but Doyle passed four to Jlm
mie's two. and it was a base on balls that
caused the lone score of the fame. In the
first inning Whalen pitched live balls and
in the third and fourth he sent only seven
over the plate each trial. Score:
AD. n. Dll. SD. PO. A. K.
Ptrrib, 1b 3 « 0 0 11 0 0
Habliitt. 4.0 0 01 3 0
Ix.ckhead ss.- 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
>'ace..c 2 11 1 3 1 0
McCarthy 1. f 2 <> 1 1 ~ 0 0
Moore. 3b 3 0 0 0 12 0
r.iurtney c. I... 10 0 0 2 0 1
Morrow r. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 * 1 1 1
Totals -~> 1 3 2 27 11 1
Frisco's Team Much Improved by
Reitz— Fitzpatrick Has a Bad
Inning and Is Replaced
by Iburg.
New Battery forOakland Is
Not Yet in Good Work
ing Order.
HANK'S ENDMEN
BEAT DUDES AND
GO UP ONE STEP
NEW YORK, June 3.— Between S000 and
10.000 people went down to the Gravcsend
race track to-day to see one or the best
cards of the season run off. The weather
was perfect, but the track was heavy
from last night's raJn. There were three
features down for decision — the Great
American Stakes for 2-year-olds, of $12,-
LOO value, the Broadway Stakes and the
Orand National Steeplechase.
Prince Charles, William O. Whitney's
preat two-year-old, won the first named.
To a lair start Prince Pepper went out
to make the running, with The Puritan
and Bella Rio Ills nearest attendants. At
the furlong Prince Charles moved up into
fourth place and Honnibert, too, looked
dangerous. Prince Pepper led into the
stretch by a neck with liella Kio second
iuid The Puritan third. When etraight
t?ned out Prince Charles challenged and
in a hard drive a!l through the last six
teenth won by a head from Prince Pepper.
The Uroadway Stakes went to the out
eider, Sarmatian. Missionary and Briga
dier were equal favorites at 5 to 2, but
neither was :n the money.
The Grand National Steeplechase fur
nished a treat to lovers of cross-country
tport. Philae won, ridden out, by a
length from Oharagraee, who only beat
The Bachelor a neck lor the place. Re
euKs:
About fix furlongs— Picardy won. Hammock
eecond, Oliver Mac third. Time, 1:12.
One mile end a quarter— Prince of Melbourne
won. Prince McClur« tetond. Hall Time third.
The' CJreut American stakes, five furlongs—
I'Tince Charles ion, 1'rince Pepi>er second.
Tommy Atk-.ns third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
The Broadway, one mile and a sixteenth—
Kartnatian won. Hindus second. Colonel Koose
velt thiid. Time. 1:0 1-5.
Grand National Eteeplechape. about two and
a. calf miles— l J hllae won, Charagrace second,
•Xb* Hachelor thirU. Time. 4:5:\.
Five turlcnss, selling — Yorkshire Boy won,
Connie wecond. Admiral l'ejrer third. Time,
l:tt» S-&
CHICAGO. June-S.— A b!g crowd attend
ed the opening of the Harlem Rracetrack
and ?aw good racing. Results:
Slat furlongs— Hermoso won. Dr. Walmsley
second. M:st- third. Time 1:17%.
Four and a halt furlongs— Garry Herrmann
Von. Bat'.us Rcaad. M^tin third. Time, :hb.
Ore milf and an eighth, selling— <>xnard
von. The liooby second. Thomaa Cary tl::rd.
Time, I :l9\i.
Austin si.ik»«. one mile and a sixteenth —
2*arksi>ur wen, fly-by-Night tecond, Oold Vvx
third. Time. 1 :•'•"-.
Six furlongs— liar.gle won, Graziella Eecond,
Bralar thiru. Time. 1:114.
One mil.-— All Ool.i ma, Tl\ a Uice second.
Donna lUla. third. Time. 1:46.
ST. LOUIS, June '.'.-The St. Louts Fair
Association presented a card of high merit
to-day, the feature of which was the
Brcners' stake at fix furlongs, in which
Jive of the best two-year-old? in training
at the local track faced the flag.
Queen Dixon was Installed as favorite
en her consistent work lu-re and at Cin
cinnati, whf-re she captured a stake last
week. Quwn Dixon l«*d the held into the
etreich. with South Breeze in second posi,
lion. Frost shook South Hreez* up sharp
ly half way down the stretch and succeed
ed in getting on even terms with Queen
3_>ixon one hundred yard* from the wire
A battle royal then ensut-d. South Breeze
getting the decision by a head In the last
jump. The track wa? fa?t. Results:
Mile and twenty yards, s^lllns— rtansoih won.
Croesus second. lUmlro II tlilrd. Time. 1:44^4.
Mil* and a .juarter. *^l!in»,'— SchooiRirl won.
0-ost=rnolina twoaJ, 25un Ocui third. Time.
2:0*3*.
-Queen Esther won. Hi Noc Ker
r«con<3. »irantor third. Time, 1:13**.
Bix furlongs, handicap— Mi<!ll£T"t wen. Lord
?C«>vt!]e second. Yeilowtaul ihirJ. Time, 1:13^,.
IJrewern' *Lak<»*. *1-"«1. two-year-olds — South
3?reeze won, «jueen Kixon second, Daacerline
third. Time, IOSH. \
Mile end a flxtttnta, handicap— Dogtown
¦won. Ktns'g Highway second. M&ionia. third.
Time. 1:47>;. ,
fix rurionss— Lovinp Cup won. Maydlne eec
ond, Tom CuMina third, 'lime, 1:14.
CINCINNATI. June ?.i-After one of th<>
most oxclting contests ever witnes?ed«on
the local track. Horace ivon the Fix fur
long sprint race at Newport to-day.
Ned, a cheap Felling plater at 200 to 1
In the betting, led to within a few yards
of the wire, when the others closed In on
him and the lirst four horpf-s passed undei
the wire noses apart. Foneda was? Feconel
and Prince of Wales third. Ned was
placed fourth.
After Blushing outside the money In the
second race, Seattle, a four-year-old geld
lnK. owned by A. T. Robinson, dropped
dead in front of the grand stand from
heart disease. To-day closed the second
weeks meeting at Newport.
Latonia will open Monday for a six
days' meeting:, ltesults:
s^ven furlongs, selling— Mpjeflecknoe won. Tim
Gayney t-etond. Kdna Gerry third. Time, 1:IS.
Mile, fipllinp— Mizzeru won, Gadsden cecond,
Hire third. Time. 1:«>«.
Six furlong!"— Horace won, Foneda second,
Trince cf Wales third. Time. l:13* t 
llile and a sixteenth, handicap — Enghurst
WOO, The .^tar or Bethlehem second, Mayella
third.. Time. JMTH-
Five furloTit's 1 — Menace won. May Cherry fec
onrf. Re^ino'.a third. Time. 1:02.
Mile, selling — Clay Pointer won, Beana sec
ond. Enomla third. Time. 1:43 U.
DENVER, June 1*.— Results at Overland
Park:
Pacing— Raymond SI won first, pecond and
fifth heats and the ra<-«». Time, 2:14. !:11U.
2:12s- R*«J Sen I won the third h«-at, time 2:11'-;
Kat* Slf-dlum won the fourth heat, timp 2:1~4.
jv>|yp. E S, Roberta and Louisa M also start**!.
Trnttinjr— Trilby I 1 won In thre* *tralKht
heats. Time. 2:n. t.:i\. 2:Z2. Our I^ucky and
Hazel Y also started.
Five and a half furlones— It Q Han •won.
Billy Underwood pecond, Goldbug thirO. Time,
1:08.
One mile— Cousin Lett? won. Ml?s Redwood
peoond. Terrene third. Time. J:46.
Pour furionKf— Oame Warden won. Ferde
rsndis Bwtmd, Henry T Jr. third. Time. :51_
Five and a r.alf furlonjrs — Sevoy won. Sea
Queen ppoond. Wautaur'lie* third. Time, i:0S'£.
Prince Charles Takes the First, an
Outsider Wins the Next and
the Third Goes to
Philae.
Great American, Broadway
Stakes and Grand Na
tional Steeplechase.
THREE CLASSIC
EVENTS RUN AT
GRAVESEND TRACK
Violated Ordinance Prohibiting Car
rying of Banners on Public
;U ; Streets.
For some time past a boycott has been in
force against the Golden Gate Cloak and
Suit House at 1230 Market street, and
members of the union have emphasized
their antipathy toward the firm by parad
ing in front of the store with- huge ban
ners, asking the public to withhold its
patronage from the house. A number of
wagons with painted transparencies were
also used by the boycotters to advertise
their grievances, and were driven in front
of the place. - '_•¦'"'¦; '.
Charles Wise of the firm declared that
the action of the strikers was contrary to
law and yesterday swore to complaints
against twelve of the men. charging them
with .violating an ordinance recently
passed -which makes it unlawful to carry
advertising banners on the public street
or sidewalk. Seven of the warrants were
served, and Isldor Jacoby, Sol Smalovich
J. Goodman, Charles Schwartzberg Israel
Wasterbuk. Ben Lubback and M. Knorph
were arrested and charged with misde
meanor. -
Sterl & Knowles' Diminutive
! Greyhound Is Picked
to Win.
> ¦ ¦
Strong Hares Make the First Bound
of the Reserve Event an Inter
esting One— Champions
Course To-Day.
0 ' y r -•:•
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory, one of the
smallest greyhounds coursing in this
State, has been made a favorite for the re
serve stake to be decided to-day at Union
Park. This diminutive miss was runner
up to Royal Flush last week, and as she
will not be called upon to meet any dog
of her class her admirers expect to see
her get the flag in the deciding course this
afternoon. In the long-odds book the bet«
ting is 4 to 1 against For Glory; 5 to 1.
Candelaria and Anchor, from the Curtis
kennels; 6 to 1, Little Sister and The
Grafter, and 10 to 1 against Belle Clair,
Sara, Patriot, Random Aim and Old Glory.
The trials yesterday proved unusually
Interesting, owing to the strong hares.
These took the dogs in many courses
across the field. Favorites were uniformly
successful, there being but three upsets
during the morning and only two during
the afternoon. In the first course of the
day Diablo was installed a 2 to 1 favorite
over Eleven Spot and was beaten point
less. Leah beat Lawrence at 4 to 1. The
latter led, but the hare proving a strong
one Leah outworked him. Tic Tac beat
May Hempstead at 4 to 1. Just Tipped
beat the imported dog My Selection at 4
to 1. .The English dog has gone out of
condition and will not be started again
for some time. Wanda beat Lady Emma
at 4 to 1 after a short "no course. In
tlfls Lady Emma was unsighted for a
time, and the test of the dogs waa not
sufficient to satisfy Judge Grace.
Keunnex itytl The Jester ran two min
utes and twenty-two seconds, the longest
course ofythe day.
The class stake to be decided entirely
to-day promises exciting coursing. The
dogs will run: Risky Attempt vs. Hot
Haste. Metallic vs. Kid McCoy, Flying
Fox vs. Brutus, McKinley vs. Herschel's
Pride, Whitehead vs. Master Clair, Mar
clssus vs. Royal Flush and Vulcan vs. Sir
Pasha. The dogs are equally matched
and the ultimate winner will be hard to
pick.
The detailed results of yesterday's run
ning, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Diablo. 5-0; J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol
beat R. Strahl's Three Cheers, 3-1; Erwln &
Lyon's Sliver Lyon beat J. Potter's Remus. 8-4;
Curtis & Sons' Candelarla a bye, Jesse Moore
withdrawn; J. Hurley's Hurricane beat M. J.
O'Neill's Pat Rellly. 6-1; J. J. Kenney's Win
ning La;sle beat Curtis & Son's Shadow. 5-0.
J. McNeil's Blackhawk beat G. Lahusen's Fire
Fly, 9-7; Russell, Allen & Wilsons Julius
Caesar beat F. Schou's Smuggler, 7-3; Aeneld
Kennels' Agamemnon beat C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud. 7-3; T. Logan's Leah beat H. A.
•£>eckelmarTs Lawrence. 10-7; M. J. Kelly'*
.Night Time beat J. Byrnes' Olympus. 12-2:
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr beat
Aenetd Kennels' Maid of Erin. 5-4; Pasha Ken
nels' Gold Nugget beat M. Walsh's Handicap,
22-0; J. M. Halton's Tic Tac beat Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead, 3-1; K. A. McOomb'a
I.lttle Sister beat A. Johnson'a Lowlander, t-5:
Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening beat it. E. de
B. Lopez's Carmenclta, 6-3; Curtis A Sons-
Echo beat J. Martenef* Bernal Hoy, 12-7; J.
Alartenet's SUm beat I*. Cronln's Master Gor
don. 6-2; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat J.
¦\Vatkin's Merciless. 7-4; J. I. O'Brien's Wan
dering Tom beat J. Watkin's Gladiator. 11-4;
Sterl & Knowles 1 For Glory beat J. II. W.
Muller's Cruiser. 14-7; M. Dunlea's Erin beat
E. M. Kellogg'a Ben f s Babe, 3-2; J. Potter's
Romulus beat J. Moriarlty's Kittleman. 6-4;
J. Keenan's MIra Monte beat T. l^ican's Miss
Grizzle. 4-2; G. Sharnan's Wait a Bit a bye
Storm King withdrawn; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara beat T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee,
3-2; J. L. Ross" Just Tipped beat Sullivan
& Tralnor's My Selection. 12-6: G. Sharman's
Bowery Boy beat J. Hurley's Shytook Boy. 4-2;
G. Sharman's Wait a Little beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rest Assured. 7-4; J. I. O'Brien's States
man beat E. M. Kellojrg's Iowa Boy, 6-1; J.
L. Ross' J L R beat Harry Edell's Dempsey
I^ss. 3-1; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot, a bye,
Crawford Lass Withdrawn: Parkinson & Mur
phy's Ben Lomond, a bye. Snapper Garrison
withdrawn; F. A. MeComb's Patriot beat E.
M. KellogK'a Sweet Emma, 5-1; P. Cronln's
Lear Kin* beat Curtis & Son's Commodore.
10-S: Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat J.
Byrnes' Battleship. 8-2; T>. Winders' Random
Aim beat J. Martenet's Sally Brass. ; Lande
& Gerber's Rienzl beat T. J. Cronln's Thorn
hill. 3-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda beat
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma, 6-0;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat R. Roberts'
Coronado, 11-6; G. Aborcrombie's Victor King
beat Ed Riley's Hoot Mon. 22-3; F. A. Mc-
Comb's One Spot, a bye; O'Hara withdrawn;
J. Martenet's BUI Foster beat AV. C. Glasson's
Santonin, 7-3; Curtis & Son's Old Glory, a
bye. Castle Island Boy withdrawn; Erwln &
Lyons' Silver Wings beat W. C. Glasson's
Sleigh Bells. 8-0; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chios
beat D. Shannon's Strand of Gold, 9-3; N. P.
Whiting's St. Anthony beat F. Schou'a King's
Borderer, 6-4: P. J. Rellly's The Grafter beat
Sterl & Knowles' Ollta. 4-2: J. P. Thrift's
Forget beat J. Watkins* Merciful. 7-2; D.
Winders' Lundln Links beat J. P. Thrift's
Tried Out, 7-2; W. Creamer's Onward beat J.
P. Thrift's Tar Hill. 6-1; B. Silver's Reannex
beat J. P. Thrift's The Jester, 26«-3.
STRIKING BOYCOTTERS
THROWN INTO JAIL
FOR GLORY IS A
STAKE FAVORITE
AT UNION PARK
A good lot of hares which had been
drilled to the location of the escapes
helped to mak« - yesterday's programme
at Ingleside Coursing Park an interest
ing one. Bohe created a mild sensation
In her course with Hawker. The dog3
were slipped to a fast hare that made a
straight run for the escapes. Bohe got
in a great dash of speed, scooped the
hare on the run, making as pretty a pick
up as was ever seen on a Held. The
course lasted but ten seconds.
Miss Wilson on the short end at 1 to 2
won a clever race from Hummer. makingr
the kill just at the escapes. Hummer
made his reappearance after a long lay
off and seemed out of form.
Glen Klder, a recent Eastern Importa
tion, got the flag from Good Bye after
running a good undecided and, though the
score was a close one, the winner proved
himself the better dog and won on merit.
He was a gctod «.hort end at 1 to 8. Hadi
wist won a good race from Sweet Music
and gave the talent who quoted 3 to 1
against his chances a setback. The
spectators enjoyed the course., which was
run directly In front of the grand stand.
Lady Garnett beat St. Elmo at 1 to 4 in
the longest course of the day, whicb. she
won on staying qualities. In a no go be
fore the run the Lady was unsighted and
St Elmo killed before she could Join In.
Terrona beat St. Helen at 1 to 4. He
led all the way in a long straight run up
In the center of the field. The hare was
not turned until reaching the fence. Ter
rona took the turn and made a brilliant
kill
The talent played heavily on the Tod
Sloane-Shootover race, but got in wrong.
Tod won by clever work.
Bohe is in good position and with Green
hall. Golden Rule. Morning Glory, Daisy
Claire and Mamie Pleasant stands a
chance for the final. Palraflower la a con
sistent performer, but had hard work yes
terday. J V *
To-day's courses are even ones and bet
ting should be lively. ¦*'-.
Yesterday's results with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores follow:
Open stake: First round-J. H. Periso's Con
troller beat W. H. Shear's Alarue. «-l; D. To
lands Pleasant Ctrl beat A. J. Kemp's Remem
ber Me 9-3- J. button's Mayflower beat O. \v ;
Heintz's Rustic Beauty. 5-0; BarteU Eros.
B»tsy Barrow beat J. Kennedy's California.
4-3; J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat Corniell
Bros.' Clover. Mj D. K. Carter 1 * High Jinks
beat Connell Brcs.' Log Boy. 6-3; J. H. £«««?"
Bohe beat Kay Bros.' Hawker. 4-0: Ra»ell.
Allen & Wil-on's Miss Wilson beat E. M. Kel
lojrg's Hummer. 9-5; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
beat J. Duffy's Flashing Lass. 6-0: J. McEn
roe's Admiral Sampson beat T. J. Cronln s
Daisy Pale. S-0: J. Caveney's Juliet beat P.
Vannucchl's La Ooleta. 10-2: B. F Jackson 8
Olen Klder beat Connell Bros.' Good Bye. 4-J.
R P Julian's Sweet Music beat A. Maasejrs
Hadlwist. 6-1; A. Van den Burg's Kitty V beat
C Grau's Martha Washington, 4- u ; Captain
Cane's Greenhall beat J. R. Smith'* Lady
Sears '10-4: P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Cold a
bye: J. Carroll's Bluestone beat Bartels Bros.
Baron Blood, 14-6: Bartels Bros.' Best Bargain
beat A. L. Austin's Nora Lawrence, 12-G; J.
Kennedy's Wine West beat B. F. Jackson's
Krajf Jorgenson. 10-6: D. Toland's Twi light Jr.
beat J. F. Cole's Mirabilla. 4-0: Maher &
Reid's SInsIeton beat P. Vannucchl't General
McClennan, 6-3; J. Edmonds" Morninr Glory
beat B. F. Jackson's Torquoise. 7-1; A. Mas
sey's Hot Stuff beat J. Duffy's Bah« Sheridan.
13-6; J. R. Smith's Victor beat J. Sutton's Glen
Anne. 3-0; J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson boat J.
WfcEnroe's Stromboli. 4-3: H. Lynch'8 Lottie
M beat' A Frank's Loiterer. S-O; J. 'Carroll's
Red Hind beat Lowe & Thompsons Cora Pearl.
12-4- J. U. Muller"" Terrona beat Connell
Bros.' St. Helena, 4-0; S. Handy's Lady Huaro
a bye; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Daisy Claire
a bye: II. Lynch' s Lexington beat Harrlgan &
Wiegand's Overture, 5-3; J. Flower's Keystone
beat F. C. Mack's Delia M, 10-7; D. Cronin's
Swinnerton beat R. L. Taylor's Bald Head, 7-1;
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat M. J. Welch's
Mllldale. 10-3: D. Ford's Bonlta beat M. J.
¦Welch's Lady Norborne. 5-1: F. Lendewlg*s
Lady Garnett beat F. Herring's St. Elmo. l*-5;
J. Rock's Minerva beat G. W. Heintz*s Coquet,
3-3: J. Farrell'a Cash Day beat P. O'Dowd's
Cascade, 5-1; C. Bonar's Frosty Morn beat
Kelly & Hanley's Baby Kins. 4-2: T. J. Cro
nin's Rose of Tralee beat G. Abercrombie's
Re... Island Klnc. 9-6: Russell, Allen & Wll
'son's Paimflower beat It. Doyle's Garryowen,
19-1; J. R. Smith's Magic beat J. Peterson's
Sandow, 9-4; O'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule beat
D. Dillon's Prince George. 8-5: C. Bonar's "Wild
Xorah beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
9-5; H. Lynch's Emma M beat F. Jones' Har
lean Gladys, 12-7; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleas
ant beat J. t* Smith's Victor Queen, 7-0; A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat J. O'Dowd's Shoot
over, 7-4: T. Tlerney's Tea Rose beat J. W.
Woods' Cliff TVllson. 6-5.
To-Day's Card at Ingleside Is Made
Up of Evenly Matched Dogs.
Fast Hares Will Keep
Them Busy. v , ,
In a Short, Straight Run She
Displays All Kinds of
Speed.
BOHE'S CLEVER
PICK-UP MAKES
A DECIDED HIT
THEIR UNIFORMS EASILY
OUTSHONE THE ORB OF DAY
Canton Oakland, Patriarchs Militant, and Their San Francisco
Brethren Enjoy a Pleasant Day at Shell
Mound Park.
THE SAN ERANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
24
___ j ; I j i
Hutchison ••• ?* j S9 | IS | 38
Eajran } I » I 8 !1
l'ac» "•• '* 97 | 13 I 33
McHale ••••• J? . J» 9 If.
Devereaux •• «•> *- j -> -•>
Schwartz • -•> »•> i 17 I 29
Str^ih W 2 s I 5 11
Mocktman 21 •} 11 21
Hrockhoff .-•¦¦ 23 91 1' 2-'
Hhanahan ' 1« « 7 16
Hanlon 25 ; 9» 18 26
Kchmeer 24 JW IS 25
McLauBhlin 2; 1W 2« 2.
KniK : 2J 86 14 24
HIMebrand 25 92 15 23
Sullivan . - « 20 3 5
ixiyie ../ • 23 M R 21
Stanley 2j 95 11 23
Mnorc 24 87 R 21 |
Krancka 24 51 12 22
Dunleavy :....... 24 92 12 22 j
Hammond ...:..'......'...-. 24 104. 1|. 23
IJabhitt • 2« 14 M
UKlllP 1° 27 .2 16
Pabst 11 43 4 10-
I^vkhead " 64 - 1 12 I li
l^vy 2> 91 IS 1» .
Uanpe 24 03 | « . IS
l J yni» 13 47 3 »
•.'ourtncy 2» ¦ S5 6 lfi
Han>er 19 32 4 | « I
Ftultz 25 91 10 I 17
I'wplrs 21 70 6 12 I
Fitzjiatrlck : ".. 13 41 5 7
Krtr-a 5 ,18 1 3 I
Joe McCarthy 18 61 6 10 |
IUUly 25 S3 * 8 15 I
Drcnnan 19 69 7 11
Morrow 24 S« ' 7 15
John McCarthy 19 74 -8' 11
\VhaIen 15 4? 4 7
Iburif 13 '42 5- ">6.
Salisbury < J.21 1 2
Steffant '. 14 44' 1
2 I s a *?] '
s" 3 3 9 a
3 (B 7 C. 3
?• i r i i
a » m • rr
? : o 1 '" a
: : ;r » :
a I 2 l s l
8 2 2 8 2
D 0 1 6, 2
7 0 0 3 0
lfi 1 15 3
4 13 4 3
« I) 1 0 >3
1 0 1 1 1
4 1 2 5 0 :
7 0 12 1
C 0 3 2 0
3 10 5 2
12 5 0 5 1
5 0 14 1
20 | 1 1 3 0
3 i 1 - 1 6 1
4|OO5 4
2 0 0 1 0
2 I 0 0 2 2
fill 1 5 0
¦ 6 I 0 3 C 1
¦ ,6' I 0 1 5 0
5 0 4 ' 3 1
9 0 0 4 2
12 I 0 0 4 8
0 10 0 1 1
0 0 0 2* 1
6 0' 1~ •• 4 i 3
7 | 1 0 2 4
. 3 ] 0 0 4 : 3 •
5 1,0 .0 1 1
4 I 0 1 4 2
4 0 -0 1 2 .
7 1 2 3 1
4.0 02 1
0 0,1 3 . 1 •
• 0 .',0 0 0 1
0 0 0- 15
2 0 0 ,3 2 i
2.0 0 1 0. '
. 7 '• .0 0 2 "5
3 0 •' 0 3 1
.2 > 0 1 0 1
1 ¦ 0 - 0 • 2 1 :
0 0 0 -. • 0 - 0
0 10 0 0 1 2
re S
2 K
3 :
u *
t I
.404 . ~1
.314 2
.3)0 3
.314 4
.304 5
.302 6
.2S9 7
.2S5 ¦ 8
: .285 g
.2S0 10
.274 11
.2«6 12
.262 13
.260 14
.252 la
.2M 15
.250 ]ti
.250 16
.230 ' 16
.212 20
.2U ' 21
.211 21
.239 23
.230 f 21
.22.) 25
.22'.' J6
.-2- 26
.21S 2S
.202 S 29
:.191 30
.lf'l- .U
.18S 31
. .1S7 . 23
.lVu < 31
.171 35
.170 3S
.166 3?
.161 : -38
! .151 33
.159 40
.156 41
.148 42
.H« 43
:M43 44
-.095: -4a
.022 46
___ j ; I j i
Hutchison ••• ?* j S9 | IS | 38
Eajran } I » I 8 !1
l'ac» "•• '* 97 | 13 I 33
McHale ••••• J? . J» 9 If.
Devereaux •• «•> *- j -> -•>
Schwartz • -•> »•> i 17 I 29
Str^ih W 2 s I 5 11
Mocktman 21 •} 11 21
Hrockhoff .-•¦¦ 23 91 1' 2-'
Hhanahan ' 1« « 7 16
Hanlon 25 ; 9» 18 26
Kchmeer 24 JW IS 25
McLauBhlin 2; 1W 2« 2.
KniK : 2J 86 14 24
HIMebrand 25 92 15 23
Sullivan . - « 20 3 5
ixiyie ../ • 23 M R 21
Stanley 2j 95 11 23
Mnorc 24 87 R 21 |
Krancka 24 51 12 22
Dunleavy :....... 24 92 12 22 j
Hammond ...:..'......'...-. 24 104. 1|. 23
IJabhitt • 2« 14 M
UKlllP 1° 27 .2 16
Pabst 11 43 4 10-
I^vkhead " 64 - 1 12 I li
l^vy 2> 91 IS 1» .
Uanpe 24 03 | « . IS
l J yni» 13 47 3 »
•.'ourtncy 2» ¦ S5 6 lfi
Han>er 19 32 4 | « I
Ftultz 25 91 10 I 17
I'wplrs 21 70 6 12 I
Fitzjiatrlck : ".. 13 41 5 7
Krtr-a 5 ,18 1 3 I
Joe McCarthy 18 61 6 10 |
IUUly 25 S3 * 8 15 I
Drcnnan 19 69 7 11
Morrow 24 S« ' 7 15
John McCarthy 19 74 -8' 11
\VhaIen 15 4? 4 7
Iburif 13 '42 5- ">6.
Salisbury < J.21 1 2
Steffant '. 14 44' 1
2 I s a *?] '
s" 3 3 9 a
3 (B 7 C. 3
?• i r i i
a » m • rr
? : o 1 '" a
: : ;r » :
a I 2 l s l
8 2 2 8 2
D 0 1 6, 2
7 0 0 3 0
lfi 1 15 3
4 13 4 3
« I) 1 0 >3
1 0 1 1 1
4 1 2 5 0 :
7 0 12 1
C 0 3 2 0
3 10 5 2
12 5 0 5 1
5 0 14 1
20 | 1 1 3 0
3 i 1 - 1 6 1
4|OO5 4
2 0 0 1 0
2 I 0 0 2 2
fill 1 5 0
¦ 6 I 0 3 C 1
¦ ,6' I 0 1 5 0
5 0 4 ' 3 1
9 0 0 4 2
12 I 0 0 4 8
0 10 0 1 1
0 0 0 2* 1
6 0' 1~ •• 4 i 3
7 | 1 0 2 4
. 3 ] 0 0 4 : 3 •
5 1,0 .0 1 1
4 I 0 1 4 2
4 0 -0 1 2 .
7 1 2 3 1
4.0 02 1
0 0,1 3 . 1 •
• 0 .',0 0 0 1
0 0 0- 15
2 0 0 ,3 2 i
2.0 0 1 0. '
. 7 '• .0 0 2 "5
3 0 •' 0 3 1
.2 > 0 1 0 1
1 ¦ 0 - 0 • 2 1 :
0 0 0 -. • 0 - 0
0 10 0 0 1 2
re S
2 K
3 :
u *
t I
.404 . ~1
.314 2
.3)0 3
.314 4
.304 5
.302 6
.2S9 7
.2S5 ¦ 8
: .285 g
.2S0 10
.274 11
.2«6 12
.262 13
.260 14
.252 la
.2M 15
.250 ]ti
.250 16
.230 ' 16
.212 20
.2U ' 21
.211 21
.239 23
.230 f 21
.22.) 25
.22'.' J6
.-2- 26
.21S 2S
.202 S 29
:.191 30
.lf'l- .U
.18S 31
. .1S7 . 23
.lVu < 31
.171 35
.170 3S
.166 3?
.161 : -38
! .151 33
.159 40
.156 41
.148 42
.H« 43
:M43 44
-.095: -4a
.022 46
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mest remark-
able remedy arc i*-iiig mailed to all who
•will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years agoinst the mental and
physical suffering- of lost manhood thai
the institute has decided to dlstributt
free trial packapes to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of i-trensjth r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can uow
cure themselves ot home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving str«-ns.-tn
end development .lust where it Is needed
It cures all the ill* and troubles that
ccme from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
Fvcccss in all cases. A request to the
Stat* Medical Institute. C2& Klektron
building. Fort Wayne. Inrt.. stating- that
you desire one of their free, trial pack-
apes w'.ll be conipnod with j»r»>mptly. The
Institute Ss desirous of reachlpp that
great class of men -who are unabl« tp
l^ax-e home to be treated, and the free
fatnple will enable them to see how. easy
It is to be cured of pexual weakness. when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
¦who trrites trill be sent a frse sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
! Feel bad today? :
i ? j
, j Over-eating 1 , working- and drinking- may have caused it, or yon
-. may have caught cold. Makes you feel mean — bad taste — and
\ )-:•¦; a headache. Go upon our advice just once and take i
!i >^^Sg^Sj| CANDY CATHARTIC <
r ' 5*2 e?S TtA 4r^fl JWiaf M**i ilQtj v fell ff*f iiJ l^n S '
: ? MWJA^ Ti% nlfftCT^^ fric£fr$ lBfftMUQcSjBl rffifiib<rl frvTY-lr*33}fh -dFfTw^O £— jtfSfl '
1 1 rRADE MARK REGIST ERED^£^ |
I I No mercurial or pill poison in CASCARETS, but an absolttely (
II harmless, purely vegetable compound. Pleasant, palatable, ;
potent. They taste £ood and do g-ood. Get the genuine C.CC '
11 Any drug-gist, 10c, 2oc, 50c. Take one now and «
i| Feel wdl tomorrow I
!'¦• ¦'¦- ... ¦ . .... ¦ ¦ « 2 \tGot Any F's to Spare.
"Wx hopx." "recently said a leading ar
ticle in an American newspaper, apolo
getically, "that our rxadxrs -will pardon
thx_appxarancx of this wxxk's Intxlll
gxnexr. and thx sxxmingly mystxrlous
absxnex of a cxrtaln lxttxr. Shooting Sam
Bibbxr yxstxrday camx into our offlcx
and announcxd that as hx . was going
shooting, and had no 'ammunition, bx
would llkx to borrow somx of our typx
for shot. Bxforx wx could prxvxnt It hx
had grabbxd all thx Ixttxrs out of thx
most important box and disappxarxd. Our
subscribxrs can hxlp j In - rxplxnishing our
stock, if all thosx who wxrx shot by Sam
will - savx thx chargx whxn it Is plckxd
out of thxm and rxturn it to us. Kxvxr
mind If it is battxrxd a littlx." — London
Tit Bits.
Fine Photographs of Eclipse.
OAKLAND. June 9.— Word has been
received from Professor Charles Burck
halter in charge of the Chabot Observa
tory eclipse expedition-, that the photo
graphs taken during the eclipse were a
great success. Five negatives were de
veloped at the Yerkes Observatory, and,
according to Professor Burckhalter, Ideal
photographs were obtained. The astron
omer is now at Williams, Wis.
Old Friends' Excursion.
The Society of Old Friends will leave by
the 8:45 o'clock narrow-gauge train this
morning for an excursion to the big trees
in the Santa Cruz \ Mountains. At the
place selected there' will be an old-time
picnic. Al Doherty. A. S. Page. Dr. F.
Lord. James Lestrange, Frank Williams,
Melville Herman and J.E. Sllnkey are th«
committee on arrangements and Edward
Close has been chosen to act as floor man
ager.
Family Murdered.
WINIPEG, June 9.— Alexander McCar
thy, his wife and one child were murdered
at Welwyn, near Moosomin, last night.
A hired man is suspected.
Marriage of Frank Drum.
OAKLAND, June 9.— Frank Drum, son
of the late John Drum and 'well > known*
in Oakland, was 'married on Wednesday
to Miss Lily Snowgrass. The ceremony
was celebrated by Rev. Father Ramm at
the old St. Mary's Cathedral in San Fran
cisco. •
Last Charter Member Honored.
Last Thursday evening Past Grand F.
D. Morrell, the one surviving charter
member of Abou Ben Adhem Lodge. I. O.
O. F., who on the 2d lnst. reached the
eevcnty-Becond anniversary of his birth,
was present at the meeting of the lodge.
During the evening he was given a pleas
ant surprise In the nature of a congratu
latory address by John Plunkett, the
youngest past grand, upon having reached
the age already named, and the address
was followed by the presentation of a
magnificent jewel emblematic of the
]odK<? being a maltese cross surmounted
with a crescent and tive-pointed star. Af
ter a response by Mr. Morrell, who Is
the senior past grand of the lodge, a col
lation was served.
Editor Payne Will Lecture.
OAKLAND. June 9.— E. B. Payne, edi
tor of the Overland Monthly, will lecture
at Becker's Hall to-morrow evening under
the auspices of Oakland Section. Socialist
Labor party. His address will be on the
labor question, j
Funeral of E.D. Perkins.
SUISUN, June 9.— The funeral of ex-
Sherlff E. D. Perkins took place in Sul
sun this afternoon and was the largest
attended one ever known in this vicinity.
Business houses closed and every town of
Solano County was represented" to pay re
spects to one of its most highly esteemed
residents.
"Direct Legislation" His Topic.
' OAKLAND. June v.— Jiltiveed Fomeroy,
president of the National Direct Legisla
tion League, will deliver an address on
"Direct Legislation" to-morrow afternoon
at. 12:30 o'clock at the -First Unitarian
Church.
Criminals of the Bar.
Frank M. Stocuttl was sentenced yester
day by Judge Lawlor to serve three years
In San Quentin for grand larceny. Wil
liam Miller was sent .to San Quentin for
six years for burglary, and James Platt
was given seven years in the same prison
for grand larceny.
Acceptance of Hall of Justice.
Auditor Wells stated yesterday that he
will not pay any demands out of the bal
ance of $12,932 remaining in the construc
tion fund of the Hall of Justice until
Bateman Bros., t the original contractors,
have been settled with. He says that he
To Represent Mail-Carriers.
OAKLAND. June 9.— Branch 76. Na
tional Association of Letter Carriers, has
elected Thomas Reath of Berkeley dele
gate and S. D. Arnold alternate to the
national convention of letter-carriers,
which will be held in Detroit Septem
ber >
Child Chews Matches.
Joseph Clanccy, a boy 19 months old,
whose parents live at 7 Sunshine court,
got hold of a box of matches yesterday
morning and began to chew them. His
mother discovered him In the- act and
ran with him to the Receiving Hospital,
where he was treated for phosphorous
poisoning. He was soon pronounced out
of danger.
MAGICIAN KELLAR,
Girl Accidentally Shot.
OAKLAND, June 9.— Elesa Jacobs, 16
years oLa domestic, shot herself acci
dentally to-night at her home. 213 San
Pablo avenue, while playing with a small
pistol from which she thought she had
removed all of the bullets. The wound is
in the right shoulder and Is not serious.
Apollo's Memorial Service.
Next Friday evening Apollo Lodge, In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows, will hold
service In Its hall In the Odd Fellows'
bu-lding in memory of Its members who
passed away during the year. The com
mittee having charge of the affair has
secured speakers and appropriate music
for the solemn occasion.
CHARLES SYDNEY O'BRIEN, the
gentleman of dusky complexion
who gained a world-wide reputa
tion as the composer of "Mah An
geline," Is heard of once more— this time
at the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
he was taken Friday night by Policeman
J. H. Pearl of the California-street sta
tion, raving and seriously 111. Since he
ceased to sing the notes of his popular
"coon" song O'Brien has been almost tor
gotten, and even the last issue of the
directory fails to give his name and ad
dress. From entertaining fashionable
audiences with the 'strains of his melody
he has drifted into obscure parts, and for
gotten by the world has nightly picked a
banjo In the resorts and dance halls on
the .Barbary Coast.
At midnight Friday night Officer R. S.
Skain- found O'Brien lying on the side
walk at the corner of Pacific and Kearny
streets. The man was delirious and un
able to even give his name. "He was reg
istered at the California-street police sta
tion for medical treatment and hastened
to the Harbor Hospital, where the doctors
pronounced his condition dangerous. La
ter he was taken to a lodging house.
The litigation between O'Brien, who
claimed that he composed "Mah An
geline,'* and Bert Williams, whose song
"Dora Deane" was almost the exact coun
terpart of 'the former, except in name,
ended In Judge Morrow's court on June 1,
1S9S. The decision. Which practically de
clared that O'Brien had been guilty of
stealing the song of which he swore he
was the composer, marked the beginning
of his dimming as a theatrical star. The
series of lawsuits lasted many years, ex
tending back to the time of the Midwin
ter Fair, and Involved the names of many
prominent people.
In the Divorce Court.
Ap;nes Lewis was granted a divorce yes
terday from William Lewis on the ground
of Infidelity. Suits for divorce were filed
by Julia M. Knock against Charles Knock
for desertion. Nellie V. Jordan against
Frank C. Jordan, same cause; Adelaide
Marshall against William J. Marshall for
failure to provide, and Louisa Giller
against Charles L. Giller for cruelty.
Claim Breach of Contract.
OAKLAND, June 9.— The Phoenix Iron
Company has commenced suit against the
California Bridge Company and its sure
ties, the American Surety Company, Al
bert Brown and Thomas Prather. for tne
recovery of J716S 61 which is alleged to be
due on a breach of contract for the con
struction of buildings and machinery at
Mare Island for the United States Gov
ernment. '
Chretien Case Dismissed.
Some time ago Thomas # Moran of 523
Howard street accused Attorney John M.
Chretien of violating his oath as an at
torney at law and with having misappro
priated money. The trouble Brew out of
*a suit In the Justice Court, in which an
appeal was by some means overlooked or
neglected. Moran endeavored to have the
attorney disbarred and a petition to this
effect was made to the Supreme Court.
Yesterday the petition was summarily dis
missed, v
Democratic Delegates.
OAKLAND, June 9.— Democratic prima
ries for the selection of delegates to the
State Convention which will be held at
Sacramento June 14 were held to-night
in Alameda County. A partial list of the
delegates chosen is as follows: At large.
R M. Fitzgerald, M. F. Tarpey. M. Ker
w'in Seth Mann. S. Bachtach, J. E. Mc-
Elroy. T. C. Coogan. J. J. McDonald. A.
T. McDonough. J. W. Laymance, H. C.
McPike, Leo Kuchs. M. J. Laymance, A.
Smith. J. R. Glascock. M. E. Maguire,
Hiram A. Luttrell. There were no con
tests.
The case of Henry Jacobs charged with
perjury was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, as the complaint was defec
tive. Jacobs was accused of falsely
swearing that he owned certain property
while qualifying- as a bondsman on an
appeal bond to the Supreme Court In a
case against the California Canning Com
pany. It was charged In the complaint
that Jacobs made his affidavit before
Deputy County Clerk Co rry whereas. In
fact, it was before Chief Deputy God
dard. Incidentally the point was raised
that deputy county clerks could not ad
minister an o.ith, but the Judge over
ruled the point.
Complaint Was Defective.
The Scottish Thistle Club will give an
entertainment in Metropolitan Temple on
Thursday evening, June 23. Excellent tal
ent has been secured by the literary com
mittee. Messrs. Christie. Miller and Pat
erson. The hall will be suitably decorated.
The receotion committee will consist of
A. McGier, Alex Nicholson. W. Murray,
I). Donald, II. Frazer. A. CarliFT<\ A.
Ross. "W. A. Dawson. D. Younar. P. Rldd'.e.
J. Swan. Xeil Campbell, Richard Wilson
and W. MoArthur.
Thistle Club Will Entertain. "
Louisa Kopp's Will
The will of the late Louisa Kopp, who
died June 5 at San Jose, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Mrs. Kopp, whose recent
trial for the killing of her husband In this
city brought her much unenviable noto
riety, bequeathed her entire estate to her
daughter, Amanda Kopp. The estate con
sists of two parcels of realty and some
jewelry of the value of $10,500. Charles II.
Jacob i3 named as executor of the testa
ment.
The City Attorney advised the Board of
Supervisors yesterrfcjy that a resolution,
which provides for the repair of the publio
buildings by contract Is not in violation of
the charter and progressive payments
may be made on such contracts as hereto
fore. U .!»¦*''» , '.
Progressive Payments Allowed.
Professor Putzker K"ot to Go.
BEHKELETT. June 9. — A rumor circulat
ed to the effect that President Wheeler
proposed to remove Professor Albin Putz
ker. head of the German department at
th* University of California, is pro
nounced by the president to be nonsen
fieaJ. President wrseeier said: "The r*>
p<">rt Is without the slight«»;=t foundation."
Professor Putzker has been on a Euro
pean tour for several months and will re
turn next -w«ftk to Berkeley.
To Repair School Building.
The Board of Education held an Informal
meeting yesterday and decided to take im
mediate steps to repair the Lafayette Pri
mary School buUding, which was burned
last Wednesday afternoon. Less than $5000
will be required for the purpose. Extraor
dinary efforts will be. made to have the
t-choolhouse ready for occupancy by the
beginning of the next school term.
Director Kincald said that a number of
pupils had lost their books and it was
decided to provide those who are Indigent
with new ones. Mrs. Klncaid suggested
that a benefit should be given for those
who suffered loss and this may be done.
WANT METERS PLACED
ON ALL TIRE ENGINES
Mission Improvement Club Thinks
City Should Know Amount of
Water Used.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs at a meeting last night decided to
ask the Supervisors to place meters on
all the Fire Department engines with the
object of. paying for the actual amount
of water usediby the city. The committee
appointed to urge the placing of addition
al lights In all outlying districts was In
structed to lay the mntter before the Su
pervisors at the meeting of that body to
morrow.
Dr. E. X. Torello spoke with much fer
vency on the necessity of securing the
passage of the ordinance extending the
Pound limits to the county line. He
showed conclusively that as it now stands
property cannot be improved with any
guarantee of safety while cattle are per
mitted to roam at will through people's
gardens and back yards, tearing down
fenans and destroying vegetation. A larpe
delegation of men and women will pre
sent themselves before the Suprvisors to
morrow, when the final vote will be taken
on the ordinance.
A committee consisting of C F. KJm
ball. Major B. McKlnnie and Dr. E. N.
Torello was appointed to consult with
Supervisor Reed In the matter of pro
posed amendments to the charter, hav
ing for their purpose the curbing of ex
travagance such as Is being indulged in
by the Phelan administration In the mat
ter of salaries.
has received claims from various firms
for materials furnished amounting to over
$53,000, and until Bateman Bros, sign a
release of all claims he will sign no de
mands. Thi3 decision on the part of the
Auditor may retard the acceptance of tha
building, as It is understood that Bate
man Bros, will not sign a release.
Magician Cancels Engage
ment to Appear at Chi
nese Theater.
5"l TR AGICIAN KELLAR. who will be
//y/\ at the Columbia Theater next
II 1th » week, will not appear before a
Chinese audlfnce, as he had an
ticipated, upon his arrival in San Fran
cisco. When last In this city the wizard
was very popular with the Chinese de
votees of the black art and frequently a
number of the long-tailed Celestials would
find themselves In the front rows of the
theater gaping In wonder and admiration
at the adeptness of the magician.
An enterprising local Chinese theatri
cal manager who was also taken with
the skill of Kellar sent him a contract to
perform at his theater after the show at
the Columbia one night during the week.
The offer was accepted. But manager and
magician reckoned without their Phelonic
host.
The plague— the plague's the thing that
will prevent all such novel performances
and now the contract has been canceled.
The Chinese manager wired Kellar his
regrets and Kellar replied that owing to
the existing circumstances the deal would
be called off.
PHELONIC PLAGUE
BARS OUT KELLAR
SONG COMPOSER
IS IN HARD LUCK
Charles Sydney O'Brien of
"Mah Angeline" Fame III
on the Streets.
Manuel Ezguerro, Louis Buchagnanl.
Charles Bergman, D. J. McCarthy, H. G.
Tanner and Ml«s Amy Crowe. Floor— W.
J. Donlon (manager). Miss Sophie Stelmke
(assistant manager), A. A. Weber, M. J.
Maguire. George li. Pierce. Mrs. W. J.
Donlon, Miss A. Cunningham, Miss Maud,
Frank Lorenzi and Charles Gantner.
Games — J. J. Travas.
CRUSHED BENEATH A
MASS OF HEAVY PIPE
LIVERMORE, June 9.— Stephen Moyle.
a drayman, was probably fatally Injured
this morning while engaged in unloading
some heavy sheet-iron pipe from a car for
the Livermore Water and Power Com
pany. Moyle and an assistant were roll-
Ing tne heavy lengths of pipe down an in
cline from the car. He was about to take
hold of one that had reached the ground,
when the pile from the car above rolled
down upon him.
• The unfortunate teamster was pinioned
to tho ground and his head was jammed
between two sections of pipe. When taken
out It was discovered that Moyle had sus
tained a severe fracture of the skull. The
attending physicians express very little
hope t'or his recovery.
University Professor Weds.
BERKELEY, June 9.— Dr. Clifton Price
cf the Latin department of the Univer
sity of California wa? married to Miss
Elizabeth Mary Hoyt of Hyde Park, Bos
ton, May 31. They were married in the
First Congregational Ctrurch In Hyde
Park, of which the bride's father is pas
tor.
A number of Well«»«ley College girls
¦were present, the bride having attended
that Institution. Others fronj various
parts of the country attended. The fea
ture of the ceremony v."8.s the sinking of
the wedding march from "Lohengrin" by
twelve young ladies.
Evening— "The Resurr»et!on and Ascension
of the Christ," by William John Walters.
Morning- — "Practical Demonstration of
Unity."
MorninK— Miss Nellie Kemp will preach.
Evening— :,I!s3 Harriet II. Rix will preach.
Morning— '•The Second Pil!3r of American
Pr"ere*s »r,ii Permanenoe." 1 Ev?nipg —
"The Field to Work and How to Worlc
It."
Morn!n?— Preaching by Rev. S. Savenos.
Evening — ""The Condemnation of Truth."
Mornlni* — '"The Eloqu»nc* nf R!jrht Living."
Evening — "The Guiding Word."
Mornine-Rev. T. T. Day will preach. Even
ing—Same.
Mirr.inpr — Professor R. R. Lloyd will preach.
"Seeintr God." Evening — Address on
"Paul," with stereopticon vlew3.
Momlnsr— Preaching: by th« pastor. Even
• ing — ''The Christ for Yovag People."
Morning— "The Sun Stood Still.*' Evening—
No services.
Morning— "The Lord's Battle."
Mornlngr— Rev. W. A. Ha«keM of San Jo3e
will r r *ath. Evening— Same.
Afternoon— Rev. F*. R. CherinKton. D.D..
will speak: !»ub.1=et. "Something la the
Man the Faker Cannot feed."
Morning— "Sacraments."
WILDCAT heap scarce. Dlinkum
much blood, you bet. Killub
bloari health. Washamalla give
too much swellum medicine.
Tie lope lound my cushin's washe houses,
what for. "Whoopee!" This, from the
lips of a half-crazed Chinese fresh from
a delirious pipe drtam, is what spread
the "newboiiic" plaj?u» In the neighbor
hood of Irving M. Scott Grammar School,
near the Iron Works, last Friday after
roon. Miss Anr.ie Manning, a tiny, lisp
ing little woman of tender years, asserts
that the ChlndM had the "newbonic"
plague. It is certain that If he didn't
he was !n a fait way of catching it, or
something: e!s?.
Little Miss Manning failed to tell the
story, however, in all its harrowing de
tails. Early In the afternoon when Misses
Murphy. Morgan. Nunan and Crov.i were
preparing their classes for the closing ex
rrcises the Chinese arrived on the scene
and forthwith usurped the star position
on the programme. He arrived hatless
and senseless. In his right hand he car
ried 2. bucket of blood; in his left a cup
of crimson hue. After making his in
troductory statement he proceeded to oc
ocupy Miss Crowl's headquarters. She
evacuated without resistance and laid her
defenses in the hall closet. "John ' wash
ed down a bag of oranges with a few
quaffs of gore and then moved on Miss
Murphy's stronghold. Miss Murphy fled
precipitately. Misses Nunan and Morgan,
when they learned of the attack Issued
a call for volunteers. All of sufficient age
to hurl a brick with accuracy were press
ed Into service.
When "John" Issued from the rear door
a youngster, with hair that matched the
fragment of brick he carried, found the
range and the day wasrwon. They took
the Chinese homo in the rear of a brother
washman's "hack," the commencement
exorcises were abbreviated and the vic
torious army went forth to enjoy the com
ing days of rest.
That night the janltress said 'twas a
shame that "chllder" should flght on the
closing days of school and spatter their
fresh young blood over desk and floor.
OAKLAND, June 9.— The Board of Free
Library Trustees to-night ordered a call
for the construction of the new Carnegie
library. The specifications are alternat
ing, in order that the best material can
be secured and the cost of the building
be kept within $47,000. which will be avail
able. Bids will be accepted up to June
30.
The plans and specifications are on ex
hibition at the office of Bliss & Faville.
the arcitccts. in the Crocker building, San
Francisco, i It is expected that there will
be extensive competition for the contract.
The original competition among architects
brought out fifty-two sets of plans, of
which a dozen were from Eastern firms.
CONTRACT FOR BUILDING
OAKLAND'S LIBRARY
Battle Between Pupils of Irving M. Scott School and the Invader.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets — Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Gear?
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt.
Second Unitarian, corner Twentieth and
Capp streets— Rev. E. 11 S. Hodgin.
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis street*— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
First Church of Christ. Putter street, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue—
The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to Scriptures.
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' bulld
lng.
First Divine Science. Home College, 33S0
Seventeenth street— M. E. Cramer.
Home of Truth, 1231 Pine street.
Morning— "Christ"* Early Ministry." Even
in ?-" With ilo On My Throne."
Morning — Rev. C. A. Buckbe* -will pra*ch.
Evening— E. P. V'nlns will lectura ca
"Palestine."
Morning— Preaching at 11 o'clock masa by
one of the Fathers. Evening — Vespers and,
sermon.
Morning— Sermon at :0:30 mass by Father
Prenderirast. Evening— Rev. Father lian
nlgan will deliver the discourse.
Morning — Rev. Father O'Rourks -will del!?
the discourse at 11 o'clock mass. Even-
Ing— Rev. Father Newell will preach.
Morning— Rev. Joseph RIordan will preach
at 10:30 mass. Evening — Rev. Father Sard!.
S. J., will preach after vesper*.
Morning— "The Relation of the Holy Spirit
to Christian's Experience. Evening— "Tha
Heavenly Vision."
MornlnR— "CVfdliness With Contentment."
Evening — "Fishers."
Morr.ing— Celer>ratlon of children's tfay.
Evening— "Christianity— tne Glory of tha
World."
Morning — Children's day services. Evening —
Address on "Mozart— the Great Musician
of the Soul and of Free Masonry."
Morning— Preaching by tha pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
Morning — "Regeneration." Evening — "The
First Hour of Heaven."
Morning— Preaching by tho pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by tha pastor. Even
ing — ?ai .e.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — SaHie.
Morning— "Our Allies." Evening— "How
and What Are You Building?"
Morninsr— "I-Jervinsr Ood for Naueht." Even
ing—"The Righteous and the Good."
Mnrniner— Sermrn by th<» pastor. Evening—
"Ways That Seem Right."
Morning — Preachinsr hy the pastor. Even
ing — "A Verjr Good Man. and Nearly a
Christian."
Morning— Preaching b7 the paster. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same,
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third— Rev. J.
George Gibson. V "-< r -
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones-
Rev. E. A. Woods.
St. Mary'«. Dupont and Calif oral*. «tre«tt—
Paulist Fathers. v
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
past, V. G.
*St. Dominic's. Bush and Stelner streets—
Dominican Fathers.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue ana Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coorabe.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. Alfred Bayley. pastor in
charge.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
EEreet— Rev. W. A. M. Breck.
"Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets—
Rev. Frederick W, Clampett.
First English Lutheran. Geary street— Rev.
K. Xelander.
First M. E. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev, w. S. Urmy.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano — Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets — Rev. J. X. Beard.
Ep worth M. E-, corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W, M. WoodwarJ.
Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets — Rev. John Stephens.
California Street M. E.. corner -California
and Brcderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Central Vethodlrt. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsln
piller.
Trinity Methodist, corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Thtodore H. Wood
ward.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
street-Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Howard Street M. E.. Howard strpet. be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
"Wilson.
A. M. E. Zion, £03 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown.
Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker
streets— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. June 9.
The teachers of the Oakland School De
partment have been officially notified by
the Board of Education that it will cost
them 1 1-3 per cent of their yearly salaries
to realize cash on their monthly warrants.
While not a new situation In the admin
istration of city government, this is the
first time that-the condition has been pre
sented forcibly to the department in the
shape of official communication.
The board attaches the blame for this
condition of affairs to the State laws gov
erning the collection of taxes. Here Is
the excerpt from the Finance Commit
tee's report adopted at last night's meet-
Ing of the Board of Education:
"It must be borne In mind that all the
above salaries are subject to a discount
of at least 1 1-3 per cent before they can
be realized In coin, because of the pecu
liarity In the State law for the collection
of taxes, which renders the treasury
empty a great portion of the time. Nine
or ten monthly warrants of each year
must be sold at a discount before money
can be realized on them." •
The report, which Is signed by Directors
Giles H. Gray. C. H. Redington and W.
F. B. W'akefif-ld. is upon the fixing of sal
aries of teachers and janitors for the next
fiscal year. Even at the minimum dis
count of 1 1-3 per cent, this means a con
tribution of $13 30 a year from each
teacher and Janitor on each $1000 of sal
ary to the warrant shavers. At this rate
the total annual premium forced from
teachers alone on the basis of the 1S99-1900
salary roll will reach $3200. This is ex
clusive of discounts on salaries of all
other employes of the School Department.
The board has raised from $1200 to $1300
a year the salaries of the following prin
cipals: Mrs. Harriet Mullen. Harrison
School: I. D. Martin. Piedmont School;
Miss Elizabeth Powell. Grant School.
This was done because these principals
are obliged to teach two divisions in ad
dition to their general supervision of the
schools.
The increase In salaries of the Central
School teachers places that school on a
high school basis. The roll will be in
creased J5000 a year. All teachers hand
ling high school subjects at the school
are raised from $300 to $500 a year. S. P.
Meads of the Oakland High School has
had his salary raised from $1723 to J1900 a
year.
i
School Teachers Subject to the Im
position of Discounts if They
Want to Realize Coin
for Services.
Profits in Warrant Shaving
Exposed by the Board
of Education.
MUST PAY FOR
THE PRIVILEGE OF
DRAWING WAGES
AJLAMEDA. June 3.— Fire Chief Krauth
performed en act of great bravery this
morning at a fire in the residence of Mrs.
Anne J. Nahl. 1601 Central avenue. But
icr his heroic rescue in a moment of dan
ger F. R. Newman, a member of Sherman
hose company, would have met a horrible
fate la the flames.
Arr.cr.g the studding: and timbers sur
rounding tie kitchen chimney the fire
played merrily. Chief Krauth led the way
Into the fiery room, followed by Assistant
Engineer Al Cumbers and Newman. Ho
directed them to run a scaling ladder Into
the jLtttc, pull the hose from th© steamer
up with them and fight the flames from
above. Th« firemen prepared to carry out
the orders and were soon half way up
the 6len<ler ladder with the hose. Some
tin authorized person came along at that
moment and attempted to mount the- lad
der. Under the- weight of the three men
and the big- hose the ladder broke, pre
cipitating: everything human and inani
mate into a heap. Cumbers and the un
known scrambled out of harm's way.
Newman was pitched forward Into a spot
where the smoke and flames were thick
est. His dangerous plight was recognized
at once by Chief Krauth. Without eati
matir^ the danger the intrepid Chief
plunged after the prostrate fcrm of New
man, who had been partially Etunned by
the fall. Pickirie up the fireman he car
ried him to a. place of safety, where the
fresh air brought him back to conscious
nesss. Later he was sent to his home on
Sherman street in an express wagon. It
will be several days before Newman will
be. able to return to his employment, as
he Is suffering: from several slight burns
and a wr^nche-d. elbow.
Chief Krauth pooh-poohed the gallant
rescue to-day, preferring; that the matter
should only b* considered an incident In
his danperous calling- There was consid
erable talk about the Incident and Fire
man Newman was chief among the ap
p'auclers.
The fire in the Nahl residence is sup
posed to have been caused by mice which
chewed on the ends of parlor raaicb.es
Jyingr in a vacant closet. It was discovered
by Arthur Nahl. who had been up until
a* late hour attending his Invalid mother.
Young Nahl, assisted by others, conveyed
her to the house of a relative before turn
ing: In the alarm. She was not apprised
(¦f the tire on account of her precarious
condition, resulting from heart trouble.
The damage done is estimated at $15,000,
principally agrain?t the house and fixtures.
The famous Nahl collection of paintings
by old masters, valued at $50,000. was en
dancered and some damage by water was
<inn^ to a few of the most highly prized
pictures of Arthur and Charles Nahl. two
artists of note. In tho hurry and excite
ment to pet the p.ilntlnps of the old mas
ters out of the house they suffered more
or less from chippinpr. There was but
S4'X"0 Insurance on the house and pictures.
Th^ Nahl collection includes paintings
of great value by Rubens. Rembrandt.
Raphael and a number of other masters.
In 1889 Arthur Nahl broupht back from
Jjrr-fiden this collection, which, as pole
furvivine heir of a family of not^d artists
find sculptors. h<» inherited. The most
valuable ones were sent to New York a
few years apo and Fold. The remainder
were stored in the basement of the Xahl
home.
Blaze in Bahl Residence Does Dam
ag-s to Fine Collection of
Paintings by Old
\ \ Masters.
Scaling Ladder Breaks and
Throws Firemen Into
a Heap.
RESCUED FROM
THE FLUMES BY
HEROIC CHIEF
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
HEATHEN CHINEE TAKES
SCHOOLHOUSE BY STORM
4
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
Loyal Circle Will Entertain.
For the purpose of entertaining Its
many friends. Loyal- Circle of. the Com
panions of the Forest. Ancient Order of
Foresters, has decided" to hold an -open
meeting in Laurel Hall, Shlels .building,
to-morrow evening. .On that occasion
there will be • a : programme of entertain
ment and then a dance. /
The following named committees will
have charge of the outing of the Presidio
Club composed of the members of Court
Pr*»sidlo and Presidio Circle of the For
esters of America which Is to be held at
Fairfax to-day: Arrangements— S. T.
Bos's (chairman). A. A. Weber, T. R.
Macuire W. J. Dcnlon and W. W. Nelfer.
Reception— Oeorsre G. Kinner (chairman).
Miss Minnie Stelmke, Miss May Hoggs,
The Presidio Club Outing.
OAKLAND, June 9.— Mrs. J. W. Orear,
a gruest at the Albany Hotel, had » nar
row escape from death last night as < a
result of eating cherries. Her Illness gave
rise to a rumor of attempted suicide, but
this Mrs. Orear indignantly denies. Her
husband Is : employed by Dunham; Carrl
gan & Co. of San Francisco.
Poisoned by Cherries.
CHARLES SYDNEY O'BRIEN'
25
i * 0
i Trade with stores that^
goffer no substitutes.
4 We are pleased to give^
what yon ask for. 0
) Royal Baking Powder Z7 C {
A Beffa2*r45c Posadcan. (*
Backing Pow-i
I Bcgobrtte. er fa can
Baking Powder 9
f Young American Cheese f
& New rirh cream ch»*r« AOcf
0 Only tse very bost quality pot np f>
\ tinder this brand- A
J Im ported Swiss Cheese J
A Guaranteed genuine. 1L »* f ul ~^
a Ma son Jars pints 6oc^
Genuine eastern ns*fce— rtfc yccA
§ fine cl«*r flase— porcolain H" / O^ff
top. Beware of till tops. \
?Mason Jar Rubbers ?
? Pcr7J?tt nTialit5r> 3 doz - IOC S
* Ivory Soap 4 bars 25CI
* For tho bata or to-let, reg. 3 for
Oats 10 pounds 25CJ
Y V«tt l>*t e-srtm. Made f re m V
x «a;ie f-iexit o*ts. Regular 7 for i'c. x
a Fancy Japan Rice 6 ibs 25c?
r Brlgbt, Urge, c!«mn kernels. "
A h*(njlar4li,«.25c. A
Malt Whiskey }
$ BcgrOM-ESe. bottle 75C/)
Whiskey -iSco-0
f liotrled at distillery. DOttle Q^Cf
a Domestic Ale or Porter a
[ Eagle brasd Good as <* _?
4 imported. Regular $1 •$. Jil.OOi
Lawrence Sweet Winesi
$ Port/Sbern-. L gallon 45C4
A Auj^l-ca, l/useat«l. KegularToc \
9 Monday aaa Tuoad-y. (?
1 fej^S*?/ 5 *- S - & £ batta <* At. F«rk«lev^
\ iVth & Wt*kington,Of.k Central Ave, Alamedk A
M067 Brotdwaj, " 7th ts Wood Oak f
1 £» 1st Str^t. San Jose. A
1 Johnson's Digestive y^^^^f^xKnights of Honor.
The fraternal visit of Yerba Buena and
Liberty lodges to Tancred Lodge, which
had been arranged for last evening, has
been postponed until the 23d Inst.
Next Friday night Charter Oak Lodge;
will be visited by American Eagle and
Friendship lodges.
At tne home cf the bride's father on
June 4. in the tnstrfully decorated parlors
the wedding of Miss Mary Seymour and
Mr. George Van Slyck was performed bv
the Rev. William I. Kip of the Mission of
the Good Samaritan. The bride was
daintily gowned in white and her attend
ant. Miss May Layton, wore a pretty
vhite organdie. Mr. William Parent
acted as groomsman. After the ceremony
B tempting wedding breakfast was served
find enjoyed by the few relatives present.
The bridv is well known and popular in
Rcbckuh circles in this city. She was the
first noble grand of Oriental No. 90 and
later for ten >ears creditably filled the
t-ffice at organist.
Miss Annie Schuster and Charles Hoops
vere quietly married at St. Guadaloupe's
Church on Sunday. May 27. The bride
was very prettily gowned In a tailor-made
FUit and carried a large bouquet of white
roses.
Only a few intimate friends witnessed
the ceremony, after which a delightful
t-upper was eerved at a downtown restau
rant. The happy couple left in the even
ing for Santa Cruz, where they will spend
their honeymoon. Their home will be in
Can Francisco.
Agnes R. Gallagher and Robert C. Sut
ton were married on the 21st inst. and
are visiting Portland, Seattle and Ta
coma.
The wedflirg of Miss Edythe Gross of
Ban Francisco and Carl Horton Pierce of
New York was solemnized in New York
on June 4. Mr. and Mr*. Pierce will make
their future home In New York City.
John E. Rogers, a promising young
business man, and Miss Maye Doyle, the
handsome and talented daughter of
Thomas Doyle, were married last Sun
day by the Rev. Father Ha mm at St.
Mary's Cathedral. The bride was attend
ed by Miss Winnie Penoyer and the groom
by his brother. Henry J. Rogers. After
on elaborate wedding repast the happy
couple left for the south, where they will
t;>end their honeymoon.
Jan Antor.I Lewandowsk! and Miss Eli
nor Dickinson Pratt were married at noon
Saturday in the Episcopal Church of San
Jose. The bride is the daughter of ex-
Vr.ited States Surveyor General William
H. Pratt of this city. The groom belongs
to a well-known Polish family. His father
¦was In the army of his nati\*e countrv and
•was one of the leaders In the last Polish
revolution. After the ceremony breakfast
vas served at tthe Vendome, "and among
the guests were Prince and Princess Pon
iatowski. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Pratt, Mr
and Mrs. WUliam Angus, Mr. Wilde"'
Miss Bessie Pratt and Miss Henry Of San
Jose. Mr. and Mrs. LewandowBki have
pone to Monterey, where they will spend
their hnn#»vmnrm
hfome GatrjeriQgs
A very enjoyable "at home" was ten
dered MIpp Agnes C. Kcndrick on Tues
day evening, the 23th Inst. Dancing and
games interspersed with vocal solos by
Miss M, McCarthy. Mr. B. Crawford. M.
D. Shtfrin. Miss A. Kendrick. Mr. J. C.
Flood, Miss F. Gaughran and Mr. J.
O'Donnell. also piano selection by Mr. h!
O'Neill, occupir-d most of the evening.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. T. Ken-
IVeddinq Bells
T[= 5LAi . dull. Ft.ile and unprofitable
p^ was the past week in local social
]| circles. Society is now taking its
annual summer vacation and all
payety is rmtered at the various summer
resorts. The departures from town grow
more numerous daily and this year the
summer hotels are having a keen com
petitor in the Paris Exposition. The he
pira to the Continent is heavier this year
than for y.-ars past anti reunions of Cali
fornians in tbe gay capital are not one of
the least of ihe many Jovs of the gay
capital. ' * '
They're Eogcged
i .-.e rngap'ment is announced of Miss
Thrrosa Alexander to Donald B. Beadle of
the shipping i'rm of JJeadle Bros. Miss
Alexander Is a my pretty demi-blonde
and highly accomplished. She is consid
ered as one of our foremost amateur
pi.TnJFts. Mr. Beadle is the son of Donald
Beadle, the pioneer shipping man of the
Pacific Coast. The young ouple will re
ceive on Sunday, June 17. at 3u21 Washing
ton Ftnt?t.
The engagemont reception of Miss Gus-
Eie Abrams and Meyer Attell will be held
en Sunday. June IT. at 3S Grove street.
The cngapcnitnt is announced of Ma
trilda Green to Anthony Davis.
Mr. p.r.d Mrs. A. Wilzinsk! of Vallejo
Bnnounoe the tr.praRcment of their daugh
ler Franc* s to Mr. Leo Bruck of Sail
tranoipco. At home to-day.
George B. Root of the North Pacific
Coa.pt Hail way and Miss Ruth Godfrey
cauj,-ht^r uf Mrs. lUlen and the late Col
onel J<»hn II. Godfrey, will be married to
day at Oiik Grove, Contra Costa County,
m high noon.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Deborah Ooldstein and Fr«>d Kahn. Miss
Lroidsteln will receive her friends on Sun
day. June 17. .it her home, 1515 Turk street,
b* twoen 2 and 5 p. m.
The engasrement is announced of Miss
Rose Ashirof San Francisco and Wil
liam S. Huffman of Fresno.
Tho onpasem^m is announced of Miss
i:'.!n Bcheyer and Isaac Zflph. Will re
ceive .Sunday, June 10, at 1C50 Hayes
street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Decides on Handsome Improvement
for California - Street
Property.
The Mercantile Trust Company has de
cided to erect a large building on the
north side of California street on the lots
recently purchased by It and which extend
from the eastern line of the Hay ward
property, on the northeast corner of Cali
fornia and Montgomery streets, upon
which an 11-story building is about to be
constructed, to the property of the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank, on the
northwest corner of California and Leldes
dorff streets. This Information is derived
from a gentleman prominently connected
with the Mercantile Trust Company.
While nothing was made public concern
ing the intentions of the company when
the deeds for the California-street prop
erty were recently placed on record, it is
now said that the purchase was for the
purpose of putting up a new building and
not to simply derive revenue from the
three-story structures now standing there.
Very likfly the new building will be a 10
story affair. Such a structure Is consid
ered favorably by some of the directors.
If that plan Is adopted the appearance of
that part of California street will be so
much changed in the next two years or
less that the older residents of San Fran
cisco will have difficulty in recognizing It.
MERCANTILE TRUST TO
PUT UP FINE BUILDING
contained in the bullion. The charges
for these ¦ operations vary according to
the actual expenses. When copper is
added for alloy a charge of 2 cents per
ounce is made for the amount actually
added. The depositor receives In gold
coin the full value of the gold in his
bullion, less such charges as are indicated
above.
The mints may lawfully refuse to re
ceive gold bullion of less value than one
hundred dollars, or when it is too base
for coinage; but in practice deposits . of
gold bullion are accepted without regard
to amounts, and rejected only when too
base for coinage.
ANSWERS TO
S CORRESPONDENTS
NOT AN ADOPTED SON— Iceland Stan
ford Jr. was nQt an adopted son of Leland
and Mrs. Stanford.
NAVAL STATION-A. A.. Vallejo, Cal.
The United States naval station at Ports
mouth is in the State of New Hampshire.
A DIME OF 1849— A. F., San Andreas.
Cal. A dime of 1849 does not command a
premium. Dealers offer such for 30 cents.
SECRETARY OF STATE— S.. City.
James G. Blaine was Secretary of State
under Gartield in 1S81 and under Harrison
from 1SS9 to 1SS2.
HAWAIIAN COIN— Reader, City. A
half dollar of the Hawaiian Islands of
1SS3, issued during the reign of Kalakaua
I. is offered by dealers at prices varying
from $1 to $1 25, but there is no offer of
premium for such coins.
I THE CALIFORNIA THEATER— O.,
City. The California Theater was opened
January IS. 1569, with "Money." Barrett
find McCuIlough being in the cast. The
new California Theater was opened May
13, 1SS9, with "Othello." with Edwin Booth
and Lawrence Barrett in the cast.
CHURCH FASTS— E. S.. City. This de
partment has not the space to publish
the laws of church regulating fasts. Go
to the free public library and there con
sult the article on fasting in the Encyclo
pedia Britannica. The rules in regard to
fasting are general, but there are some
times individual exceptions.
THE HAWAIIAN GOVERNMENT-
D. B. W., City. President McKinley In
making the appointments for the govern
ment of the Hawaiian Islands did so un
der the authority of an act of Congress
creating a government for that Territory.
That act provides who shall be recognized
as citizens of the United States.
SILVER THREE-CENT PIECES —
Reader, City. A silver three-cent piece
United States mintage of 1S65 commands a
premium of from 22 to 47 cents and one
of 1SG8 commands a premium of from 17
to 32 cent3. For the first named coin the
dealers charge from 51 50 to $1 75 and for
the latter from 75 cents «o $1.
MINING LOCATION— C. S. B.. Aukum.
El Dorado County, Cal. The fact that the
locator of a mining claim under the
United States mining Iaw3 is under 21
vears of age does not render the location
invalid. A minor doing business for him
self and in his own name has the right to
dispose of whatever he acquired by virtue
of a location.
WATER BUGS— S. S. M., Redlands. Cal.
If by "water bugs" you mean what are
commonly known as "Croton bugs," which
Infest kitchens and other apartments in a
house, the method of destroying such l*
to boil one ounce of poke root in a pint of
water until its' strength is extracted, mix
the decoction with molasses and spread
on plates in such places in the house
as are Infested with insects.
FREE LICENSE— S., Watsonvllle, Cal.
The authority for Boards of Supervisors
to grant free license to soldiers, sailors
or marines of the United States of Cali
fornia is derived from an act passed by
the Legislature In 1895, which provides
that the boards shall Issue such license to
any "honorably discharged soldier, sailor
or "marine of the United States who is un
able to obtain a livelihood by manual la
bor, and he shall have the right to hawk,
peddle or vend any goods, wares or mer
chandise except spirituous, vinous or in
toxicating liquors."
VALLOMBROSA— W., Vallombrosa. Cal.
Valiombrosa is a celebrated abbey of Tus
cany, situated in a valley surrounded with
forests of fir, birch and chestnut trees,
hence the name "Shady Valley." There
an order of monks, according to the rule
of St. Benedict, was founded about the
middle of the eleventh century, who were
called Vallombrosians, from the name of
the site, or gray monks, from the color
of their habits, which, however, were aft
erward changed to black. Theye were the
first to admit lay brethren. The monastery
became very wealthy through donations,
and the magnificent buildings were erect
ed in 1637. It formed a refuge for priests
during French rule In Italy. After 1S15
the monks remained in possession, but in
diminished numbers. In 1863 the monas
tery was suppressed and the buildings
were made use of for a royal academy of
forestry. The place is very picturesque
and is still much visited by artists and
tourists. ¦ ¦ ':¦¦ i« - :"
COINAGE OF GOLD— W. F. J., City.
In the United States there is free and un
limited coinage of gold: that Is, standard
gold bullion may be deposited at the
mints In any amount, to be coined for the
benefit of tho depositor, without charge
for coinage; but when other than stand
ard bullion is received for coinage a
charge Is made for parting, or for refin
ing or for copper alloy, as the case may
be Refining is the elimination from the
bullion of all base metals. Parting is the
separation" of any silver which may be
A Busy Bee Hive.
To-morrow we will sell ladles' kid ties
that are worth {1 50 for 50c a pair. Bee
Hive Shoe Company, 717 . Market street,
near Third. •
music An elaborate supper was served
at midnight. The guests at the table were:
Mr. and Mrs. M. Ebner, Mr. and Mrs. A.
T. Joel!. Mr. and Mrs. H. Demausset.
George Fraim. Belle Alves. Edward E.
Beard. Mattle Lee Perry, Matthew Ebner,
M.D.. J. II. Lnuru. May A. Morgan, Cor
poral Clayton Cunningham. Tillie Broyer,
Matilda Ebner. William Moran and Louis
Plato.
A flag social ¦was given by the Anemone
Social Club May 27 at the home of Miss
F. Burger. 340 Utah street. The evening
was pleasantly spent with a Hag contest,
musical selections and dancing. A repast
which was artistically arranged with Hags
was served at a late hour. Souvenirs of
the evening were small American flags.
Miss J. Grceninger and L. Simpson took
first prizes. Those present were: Miss
F. Beauford. Miss A. Beauford. Miss F.
Burger. Miss J. Greeninger. Miss F.
Oreenlnger. Miss A. Paulson, Miss M.
Paulson. Miss A. McNulty, Mrs. Lock
wood, Mrs. Sundborg, J. II. Paulson, B.
Martin, J. Pierce. L. Simpson. R. C.
Greeninger and T. McNulty.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Rodriguez re
cently celebrated the fifth anniversary of
the birthday of their daughter, Inez, with
a children's party at their residence. 410
Minna street. The little ones present
were Ermlnle Rodriguez. Anita Barlow,
Isabel Barlow, .Irene Geary, Alice Geary,
Nellie O'Brien, May O'Brien. Isabel Bry
ant, Annie Godfrey, Josie Clancy, Mag
gie Clancy. Ella Clancy, Florence: Han
sen, Fred Rodriguez, Andrew Allen, Mar
tin Kelly, Peter Peterson, Grove Peter
son, Gus Bryant, Fred Telson, Clarence
Wessell. Harold Hubbard, Joe.p'Brien,
Tom Crance. There were also present
Mr. and Mrs. F. Swain. Mrs. J. P. Barth,
Mrs. G. Barth. Mrs. F. Hubbard. Mrs. M.
Allen. Mrs. O'Brien, Mrfe. C Cronin and
Mr. Olsen.
Outing Parties.
A delightful bullshead breakfast was
given by Dr. and Mrs. Frank Cornwall at
their country home near San Rafael last
Sunday. The guests arrived at the scene
of the merry making on Saturday after
noon. In the evening the grounds were
illuminated and music, song and merri
ment held sway until early morning. At
11 o'clock on Sunday morning the bulls
head was brought forth from the oven
in the earth and all enjoyed the break
fast. After the breakfast there, was one
long day of enjoyment and In the even-
Ing the guests returned to the city.
Among those present were: Messrs. F.
H. Dam, H. J. Hastings, W. H. Bartlett,
H. H. Morris, F. H. Tebbe, A. Spotswood,
Misses Stella Cornwall. Marie Thompson,
Sadie Palmer, Mamie Pascoe, Florence I..
Glvens. Avis M. Morris, Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. Bishop and Dr. and Mrs. Frank Corn
wall.
One of the most enjoyable outings on
May SO was that given by the Sunbeams
at Laundry Farm. A company consisting
of about seventy-five spent the day at this
pleasant sylvan retreat. The committee
of arrangements consisted of L. Patten
ghl and F. Head. The races were thirteen
in number and the prize winners were as
follows:
Married ladles' race— Mrs. F. Stackpole
first, Mrs. L. Pattenghi second.
Single ladies' race— Miss R. Ashland
first. Miss A. Brown second.
Married men's race— M. Hauser first, F.
Stackpole second.
Single men's race — W. Lamont first, T.
Pennlngton second.
Egg and ladle race — Miss L., Hodge first.
Mrs. F. H. Blanding second.
Mounted race— T. Pcnnington and G.
Ahlborn.
Wheelbarrow race — T. Pennington and
G. Ahlborn.
Girls' race, 8 to 10 years — Evelyn Grls
wold first, Blanche Head second.
Boys' race, 8 to 10 years— Albert Pen
nington first, Ralph Carter second.
Boys' race, 6 to 8 years — George Bland
ing first. Harold Mahan second.
Children's race, 4 to C years— Gladys
Hamilton first, Albert Moore second.
Children's race, under 4 — Pearl Lutley
first. Tommie Pennington second.
Handicap race — Minnie Pattenghi first,
Edith Pennington second.
Mrs. Alma Keith and employes enjoyed
an outing at Mill Valley last Sunday.
Among the guests of the party were Mr.
Murphy of Chicago and Messrs. Driscoll,
Vaughan, Bennett and Dollar of San
Francisco.
Mrs. C. B. McLean and her daughters
gave a most enjoyable picnic on Memorial
day to a number of their city friends. Th«s
visitors were met at the Mill Valley de
pot and driven to Redwood Canvori, re
turning In the evening to the "Marcus
House, where they were entertained in a
most charming manner. The guests were:
Misses Melissa G. McConkey. Eva
Critcher. Virginia Critcher, Maybelle
Brown, Ethel Northon, Edith Atthowe,
Florence Morton, Isabelle Henderson,
Rose Drucker and R. Atthowe. H. Burke
H. Field. R. Field, George Parsons, A. E.
Wray, W. Henderson and D. Scovel.
Club Parties:
The Presidio links, near Bakers Beach,
rang with merry-making Saturday night
and Sunday last, the occasion being the
semi-annual entertainment of the Expan
sion Club. A bullshead breakfast was pre
pared under the supervision of Dr. Max
Wassman of Los Angeles. Larry J. Con-
Ian attended to the general spread and
saw that no one was overlooked In the
way of liquid and solid refreshments.
Speeches of welcome were made by Dr
Dougherty and Tony Brunswick, while
Martin Tierney entertained the company
night and morning with humorous songs
and recitations. There were numerous
games indulged In during the day, includ
ing polo, baseball, etc., between members
of the club and troops stationed at the
Presidio. After many amusing Incidents
all departed at a late hour well satisfied
with their first bullshead breakfast
The June entertainment of the club will
take the form of a Bunker Hill excursion
to Glenwood Park, Santa Cruz Mountains
Saturdaj', June 16.
There was a large and fashionable gath
ering at Odd Fellows' Hall on Friday
evening to attend the regular monthly
entertainment and dance of the Native
Sons of Vermont. The following splendid
programme was presented: Overture,
Dellepiane's orchestra: fancy dancing
Miss May Maloney; soprano solo, select
ed. Miss Annie Roney; duet, piano and
banjo. Miss Emma Hicks and George
Bramhall. Comic operetta. "The Milk
man's Bride." under personal direction of
Miss Annie Roney; cast— Miss Ethel
Welsh, the maid; Miss Nellie Minna, Mrs
Crocker: James O'Donnell, ¦ the police
man: Dennis Scheerin. the milkman; J.
W. Grifflng, the soldier.
In the Future.
Mrs. Herman N. Butler will be pleased
to see her friends prior to her departure
for New York at the residence of Airs.
Philip N. Aronson. 1348 Geary street
Tuesday. June 12.
The Society of Old Friends will give a
picnic and excursion to Sunset Park, San
ta Cruz Mountains, on Sunday, July 8.
The Mystics' next assembly .will be held
at Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday evening
June 12. ¦
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Magnes have left for
Cincinnati, Ohio, to attend the graduation
of their son, who Is to be ordained a
Rabbi.
Miss A. Adeline Smith left June 3 for an
extended trip through the East.
Mrs. M. H. LIchtenstein and daughter,
Mrs. M. M. Morris, will be pleased to see'
their friends on the third! Wednesday of
the month at 2138 Buena Vista avenue
Alameda, Willow station, broadgauge '
Mr. and Mrs. Harry. Stamwood Dana
have left for aji extended trip thrpugh the
Miss Annie L. Stone sails from New
York with a party of friends on the 20th
Inst.' She will visit the Paris Exposition
and will return early in September.
Mrs. Ezeklel and daughters are spending
the summer In Mill Valley at the Gardner
Villa. .
Mrs. W. Nevin of 904 Powell street and
her daughter, Doctress Larrabee. left this
city last Saturday on a wheeling expedi
tion and expect to return In two weeks,
after visiting some of the northern towns.
Among the passengers who sailed on the
Santa Rosa on June 2 was Miss Anna
Frese. An extended tour through South
ern California Is contemplated. In. com
pany with her aunt, Mrs. J. R. Robert
son.
Miss Ethel Bagnall leaves for Europe
next week.
Miss Nellie May and Arthur Grandfleld
have gone to Point Arena Springs for
their summer vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Bennett have
moved from 16S5 Page street to 16 Devisa
dero street, and will discontinue their
evenings at home until after the summer
months.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Liebes have given
up their home at 1890 Page street and have
taken Valle Vista, Los Gatos, for the
summer. • , ,.
Mr. and Mrs J. W. Treadwell. Leslie
Coggins. Samuel F. Smith and the Misses
Edna and Madeline Smith are spending
the summer months at Pine Lodge, Corte
Madera. Marin County. •. :¦¦
Mrs. A. Van der Nalllen Jr. and her two
daughters, Dora and'Jeannie. accom
panied by Mrs. E. Stone and son, leave
next Thursday for Mr. Van der Nalllen s
Alt. George ranch, in Napa County, to
spend the summer months.
Miss Gertrude Sloan is spending her \a
cation In Nevada City. ¦ , j.
Miss Minnie Bowen, who has been visit
ing relatives in San Jose, has returned
home after a very pleasant trip.
Miss Melvin has returned home after a
pleasant trip to Riverside.
L. Hinman will leave San Francisco on
June 12 to attend the annual meeting or
the American National Dancing Masters
Association to be held in New \ork on
June 23.
Mrs. L. Feigenbaum of Rohnervllle.
Humboldt County. Is visiting her father,
J. H. Seller, at Cottage Aloha, Sausallto.
Mrs. • Feigenbaum is one of the leading
society ladies of her town. She will re
main about two months.
Dr. Carroll Thrasher, who recently got
his diploma at Cooper, will spend a month
among the mountains before settlingdown
to practice with his father in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Goldstein announce the
arrival of their daughter, Rosa, from
Egypt and also. Mr. and Mrs. Perry Gold
stein from New York. They came ex
pressly to be present at the marriage of
their brother, Paul, to Martha, eldest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Osos
ke. which takes place on Sunday, July 1.
• Mrs. R. Cohen of 133C Willow street. Al
ameda. arrived in New York last Sunday
from Paris after making an extended tour
through Europe and the exposition. She
was the guest of her daughter whiln In
Paris. After a brief stay as the guest of
her son In New York Mrs. Cohen will re
turn home. . ' •
Mr. and Mrs. Robert. White and family
are spending the months of June and July
at their country residence, Wild Cherry
Farm.
At tbe Resorts.
BYRON SPRINGS — The following
guests registered at Byron last week:
Mrs. W. B. Dolan, Charles F. Precht. E.
M. Bagley, D. B. Murphy. Mrs. P. von
Kornatski, Mrs. A. J. Richards. S-> R.
Stroll, R. Johnson. Mrs. L. Mandlebaum,
G. W. Hume, F. H. Curley and wife,
Thomas Lynch, William Greenebaum, J.
F. Rossi and wife, Mrs. William Greene
baum, Sarah Jewett, John Kelly, John
Turon, M. Parello, W. S. Garret, Mrs. J.
Rosenstirn, T. E. Sullivan and wife, Mrs.
C. A. Dunn, child and maid. A. J. Grifllth,
Miss Cosgrove, J. J. Mullan, O. B. Fogle,
C. Hedgert. F. Mandlpbaum, E. G. Den
niston, A. W. Botcher, Charles L. Shain
wakl, R. A. Holcombe, Charles W. Jack
son, Mrs. T. Salmon, J. G. Giesting Jr.,
P. Evert and wife, Mrs. S. B. Tobey,
George Gehrkens, C. L. Shainwald,
Charles Hcdberg, and J. F. Witzel, from
San Francisco. George H. Smith, Los
Angeles; Robert Holm. Merced; Mrs. M.
Rutlfdge, Orovllle; Mrs. Fox. J. Hopkin
son, and Mrs. J. Jlopkinson, Sacramento;
P. McDermott, Somerville; P. Rasmussen,
Los Angeles; John Burn^s, Vallfjo; Mrs.
E. O'Ncil, Sequel; Mrs. C, A. Hahn, Mill
Valley; O. M. Olsen, U. S. N.; H. E. Pick
ett, Placerville; L. Lieber and Miss Rosie
Lieber, Brentwood; W. S. Knuckolls, C.
A. Fawcett and James Cunningham, Oak
land; J. S. Shoobert and Mrs. J. S. Shoo
bert, Sausallto.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS— Those who
registered at Napa Soda Springs the last
week were: Chacy Goodrich and wife, A.
H. Small, M. Rfrenthal and wife, J. W.
Hager, L. Goodman, M. E. Hotchkiss, R.
S. Allen. W. C. Ontway. J. E. Parmelee.
E. H. TIetje, Otho Stewart. L. Bolcke, J.
Welgel, J. L. Kounad, M. J. Kalrneld,
George M. Van Liuren, W. H. Edward,
E. F.. Eastman, C; A. Day, C. L. Gage
and wlfp, Edwin Tucker, W. D. Adriance,
Thomas Tyler, J. C. Spinney, R. L: Ellzey,
C. E. Benedict and wife. Miss May Butler,
J. E. Read, Miss E. L. Kelly, Miss Dora
Dutreux, A. K. Burtons, Raymond Jack
son, Stanley Jackson, Mrs. W. Nevin. Miss
Larrabt'o, Snn Francisco; D. A. Dunlap.
J. W. Williams. A. M. McCralg. J. E.
O'Neill and wifo, Napa; F. I,. Haskell,
Lockeford; A. Richards, Mare Island.
HOTEL VENDOME— Arrivals at the
Hotel Yendome during the past week in
clude: Robert W. Eberle, J. O'H. Cos
grave, Mrs. A. Lada, Miss Cosgrave, C P
Hall, W. R. Norway, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
J. McWllliams, maid and child; Miss Ada
and Miss Gladys Sullivan and governess,
V. W. Graves. Thurlow McMuMen. Cap
tain E. V. Roberts and wife. Major J. H
Lauck, W. L. Orear, Frank Sullivan, P.
F. Butler, John and Joseph Kennedy, J.
Anthony Lo-andowski. J. A. Farrelly,
C. H. Hunter, Horace V, Scott, C. A.
Lung, U. S. N. ; Joseph L. Greenbaum,
Miss M. D. Greenbaum, Mr. and Mrs. ft.
F. Nicholson, A. J. Hechtman, Miss Lil
lian Hechtman, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B.
Coryell, J. G*. Payton. Mr. and Mrs. G.
Willey. Charles E. Halo, Mr. and Mrs
V. C. Clarke, W. M. Griflln, Dr. A. G.
Langfeld, wife and .child, Mr. and Mr*
J. H. Ralph, A. A. GVant, A. G. Freeman,
D. C. Grant, Frank Johnson, L. Aaron,
John H. Costlgan, Mrs. Frank Sullivan
and maid. Miss Viola C. C. Picrcy and
Mrs. Lucy May Hayes, San Francisco.
THE GEYSERS-The list of arrivals at
The Geysers for the week ending June 6
Includes: Agnes E. Boyd, Elsie E. Boyd
H. G. Tanner, L<?o Cooper, Howard H.
Hogan, Maybelle L: Hogan, James Du
Bois. Mrs. N. Botts, Louis X. Ryan,
Charles W. McCoroughby. Edmond A
Burke, S. Murray, F. Grass, Alice Grass,
William N. McCarthy and wife, Charles
J. Casey. Mr. and Mrs. James Hogg, MLss
Hogg, Miss F. Callaghan, San Francisco;
E. McMillan, H. A. Powell and wife
Helen Powell, Stanley Powell, S. Archer
and wife. W. J. Young, Chaster L. Gor
rill, Oakland: H. S. Waterman. Leland I
Gale, J. S. Colbath. R. D. Luce, George
H. Senger, L. E. Hunt, W. A. Setcheil.
Raymond Van Wilson, Berkeley; E. G.
Fletcher, Vallejo; Charles Abt, Alameda;
Louis Patrlquin, S. T. Sawyer, Anderson
Springs; 1 !. A. Crocker, New York City;
B. E. Young, J. Spiers. Middletown; H.
T. Sinclair and wife. Miss Sinclair, Chi
cago; James A. SebastlanI, Cincinnati;
H. F. Fowler, Los Angeles; W. H. Phil
lips, Hanford; Mrs. C. D. Smith, Miss Ma
rie B. Smith, Miss Alice Dunwody, At
lanta, Ga.; F. A. Abshlre and wife, Pres
ley Abshlre, Violet Crowe, Cloverdale;
Mrs. J. W. Abshire, Ash Fort, Ariz.; Mar
gueritte Parrott, Geyserville.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS-The following
guests are registered at Skaggs Hot
Springs, Sonoma County: Miss L. E.
J.ocks, J. C. H. Edwards, Leo Cooper,
Henry Levy, Alex Luba, I. N. Hockett
and wife, Leonard Hockett, Mrs. J. F.
Ortmann, Mrs. Lily Sullivan, the Misses
Sullivan, George H. C. Bradford and wife
A. Reusch. Mr. and Mrs. P. Duprey, Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Bergcrot, Mrs. Henry, Mrs.
John Lee. Mrs. R. Beel, Miss Hazel 'Beel,
Mrs. S. B. Heine, Dr. E. L. Wemple, Miss
Kdna Wemple, Captain J. H. Bruce and
wife, Miss Itir Board. Mr. and Mrs. Au
gust Drucker, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wiese,
Mrs. Hamlin, Mrs. .Craig, Thomas Ker
van and wife. Samuel P. Kimber, H. Hos
ter, Mrs. C. P. Cole, Miss Florence Cole,
Miss Adela Boyken, Miss Anna Boyken,
Miss Tillie Boyken, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Cohen, Mrs. J. Robinson. Mrs. J. L.
Hydes and child, Mrs. Charles Bowe,
George C. Patterson and wife, San Fran
cisco; E. R. Tutt and wife. Thomas P.
Hogan and wife, Oakland; A. C. Acker
man, Los Angeles; W. W. Skaggs, Mr.
and Mrs. M. S. Davis, Santa Rosa; Saul
H. Goldstein, Frank Alexander, Mr. and
Mrs. H. K. Thornton, Mlsa Nora Terry,
E. Seegan, Miss Dacia Smith, F. B. Bur
ger, Healdsburg; Miss Annie Domlne, O.
C. Williams, Bertie A. McCray, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Shaw, Cloverdale; R. Hender
long, Alvarado: C. L. Angell, Orovllle:
S. R. Cottrell, Valley Springs: Miss Maud
Miller, Glenn G. Wilson, Seattle, Wash.
GILROY SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Gilroy Springs
during the past week: From San
Francisco — Miss Mollie Shea, Miss Rose
Shea, A. A. Tobln and wife, • A. Masson,
Sam Bibo, Peter Maloney, Mrs. B. Coney,
James Doran, A. Glover, Mrs. E. Wreden,
Mlsa Elsie Veen, R. S. Manning and wife,
J. E. Langs and wife. Mrs. C. Lehmann.
Miss Lehmann. J. J. Scott, Mrs. C. Burns.
From Alameda— A. Merle and wife, Miss
Pauline Merle. Isidore Merle. From Pa
cific Grove— Emily J. Williams. /From
Millwood, - Mill Valley— H. Bingham and
wife, Miss Nellie > Bingham. From Gilroy
-*M. E. Ellis and wife. A. J. Trafton,
James Prlnceralle. From San Jose — Theo
Helllnson. From Watsonvllle— Peter Ju
kaw. ¦. "
PARAISO * HOT ¦ SPRINGS— The fol
lowing guests have registered at Pa
ralsos Hot Springs during the " past
week \ From San Francisco — A. Crocker,
C. Hohn. J. Nielsen. ,F. W. Miller and
wife, L. M, Harris and daughter, Mr. and
Mrs. F. R. Spencer. Nellie J. Spencer,
Edna R. Jackson, T. Floyd Harris. J. R.
McDonald. From Salinas— Mr. and Mrs.
Eaton find family, Mrs. Sanborn and
daughter. Mrs. Thompson and son, Mrs.
J. P. Lauritzen, N. A. Dorn, G. P. Codoni.
From San Jose— Mrs. S. Basse. Mrs,
James Lamb. From Nevada City— Mrs.
W. H. Tuttle. From Stanford University
—Professor J. M. Hillman. Professor J.
E. Metzke. Professor G. M. Richardson.
From Berkeley— Harry A Goldstein. Miss
Carrie Goldstein. J. A. Rosenthal and
wife. From New York City— J. T. Han
ford and wife. From Sacramento— Dr. E.
J. Owens and wife, Fred R. Payne.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Mr. and Mrs.
M. O. Davis of Santa Rosa r-ave been
spending a few days at Highlands.
Walter H. Llnforth. the well known at
torney at law. of San Francisco, has Just
returned to the city after spending a few
days at Highlands.
¦. George Watson of Sacramento and
Charlie Mitchell returned on Friday even-
Ing from a few hours' fishing trip on
Pleta Creek with over 100 speckled beau
ties.
James Shea, the well known capitalist
Of San Francisco, accompanied by his wife
and Mrs. Farrell and daughter, have the
Floyd cottage for a month.
Miss Throckmorton is up from the city
for a few weeks' stay in the mountains.
Colonel Galnes Lawson. accompanied by
his daughter, Mrs. B. S. Neumann, and
son. Lawrence M. Lav/son, have engaged
rooms for the summer.
W. J. Batchelder. George R. King and
R. F. Tilton are entertaining their
friends with very fine music.
Judge S. C. Denson and party have the
vDenson cottage for a few weeks' stay.
Arrivals durinp the week include: Edwin
S. Tucker and wife. R. W. Tucker, N. H.
Braun, Joseph J. Batten, M. N. Jellett,
J. N. Jellett and wife. C. J. Lclghton, J.
K. Gilchrlst. Mrs. S. A. Foster, J. Is.
Thorn, Professor • Leo C. Cooper, Dr. D.
M. Coney and wife. G. A. Lynch, James
Shea. Mrs. Shea. Mrs. Farrell. Miss Kath
leen Farrell, Mrs. Duncan O'Brien and
child, H. W. Merrltt. Mrs. I. Glenn, W.
J. Batchelder, Thomas Elrlck. George R
King. R. F. Tilton, Miss Throckmorton,
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. "Wilson. Mr. and Mrs.
J. McGovern. William Sproule, Mrs. John
G. Conrad, San Francisco; Mrs. B. S. Neu
mann and child, Pensacola, Fla.: Colonel
Galnes Lawson, U. S. A.; Lawrence M.
Lawson, Stanford; Mrs. H. R. Warner,
Miss Alice Warner. Miss Madpe de Camp,
Alhambra: J. A. McNear Jr., San Rafael;
Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Davis, Santa Rosa;
J. W. Boggs, Lakeport; Miss May Linclley,
Sacramento: George B. Murphy, Petalu
ma; Mrs. I\ M. Remlllard. Miss Lillian
Remlllard, Oakland; M. D. Nolware, Car
son, Nev.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
26
drlek. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Flood. Dr. La
gan, Messrs. W. Langdon, Joseph Ken
drick. J. O'Connor, Richard Kenefick.
Eupene ONeill. Bert Estrada. James
O'lJonnoll. T Coleman, Lou Sprinper. Ed
Smith. Berry Crawford. D. Sheerin. Will
Yearian. Will Smith. M. Blum. Georpe
Welrh. T. Delury. Harry Allen. Minor
Leddy. Harry O'Neill. Leo Karran, G.
Johnson. Al Powers. F. Bray and Bart
Kendriok. Misses Agrnes Kcndrick. Jewel
Kenefick, F. O'Connor. Martha Smith, til
Sullivan, F. Gauphran, Lola Harney. N.
Kendrlck, Margaret McCarthy, Gertie
Springer. Agrnes Bodkin, E. Gibson. Annie
Byrne, Tessie O'Connor. Fanjiie Springer.
Mr. Carl and Mrs. Carlonia Neilsen on
the 23d of last May celebrated the all- ,
vcr anniversary of their wedding. The
Turner Sisters of the San Francisco Turn
Verein. of which Mrs. Neilsen has been
a number for many years, decorated the
family residence at 633 Minna street with
flowers and ferns. In the evening there
was a procession, which was headed by
Mrs. Bauer and Mrs. Trost acting as
bridesmaids and carrying a silver crown
for the bride of twenty-live years, who,
with her husband, followed. Henry Ma
ret in semi-humorous address told of the
happy life that the celebrating couple
had passed in the quarter of a century
elapsed. During the evening the singing
section of the San Francisco Turn Verein
entertained with choice selections. There
was a gathering around the festal board
and it was after midnight before the com
pany parted.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. F.
Fair. E. Neilsen, Mr. and Mrs. A. LIU.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Heinicke, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Schmitt. Mr. and Mrs. F. Eggerling,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Arr.dt. Mr. and Mrs. II.
Trost, Mr. and Mrs. M. 15auer. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Thauwald. Miss K. Planz. Mrs.
D. YVedeklnd, Mrs. M. Lorrenz. Mrs. H.
Hinz, Mrs. L. Klim. Mrs. K. Nickel. Mrs.
D. Zinke, Mrs. F. Schmitt. Mrs. E. Wei
ler. Mrs. M. Dehne. Miss L. LIU, Miss O.
Lill. Miss K. Schmitt. Miss H. Stickel.
Miss ii. Buck. Miss E. Fiar. Messrs. J.
Simmen, George Siez. L. Brune. II. Fes
ter, F. Fortman. A. Gruber, II. Maret,
H. Hinz. M. Soresen. H. Hinz, J. Paulsen,
H. Lill and Kd Letter.
On the evening of the Gth inst. p. M.
Lawrence, well known in Masonic circles,
and his wife celebrated the thirteenth an
niversary of their wedding at their home,
3720 Twentieth street. The parlor was
prettilv decorated with flowers and plains,
while Japanese lanterns played a very im
portant part In the decorative arrange
ments. The party of friends, consisting
of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Williams, Dr.
and Mrs. Robert Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
Douglass B. Crane, Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Larsen. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Elliott. Mr.
and Mrf. A. A. Batkln, Rev. and Mrs. W.
E. Smith, c. L. Parent, F. O. Robbins, C.
L. Gage, Mrs. James Lawson. Miss Nellie
Gunnison, Mrs. Ida Wilson, Mrs. J. Mc-
Intyre, B. Melntyre and Edna Mclntyre,
were each furnished with a small faggot,
which they in turn threw into the grate,
and as these burned each who threw one
Into the fire was required to do something
,to entertain the company. Messrs. Wil
liams, Uwrence, Smith. Elliott, Crane.
Gage, I-arsen and Parent formed a double
quartet, rendering "The Silent Mead,"
"Vogel Waltz." "The Tack," "How Can I
Bear to Leave Thee?" Others told stories,
recited, and sang solos, contributing -to
the^enjoyment of the evening.
A party was given to Miss Mary Fledk
jer and her twin brother, Martin Madsen,
recently. In honor of their eighteenth
blrthdaV by Mr. and Mrs. Fledkjer, which
was followed by a surprise party given by
the Danish ladies' lodge Tyra. Refresh
ments were served during the evening and
music and dancing were kept up till a late
hour. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Fledkjer. Mr. and Mrs. H. Miller, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. C. Jensen.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Rohde, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Rohde, Mr. and Mrs. N. Rohde, Mr. and
Mrs. Jensen, Mr. and Mrs. Bonde, Mr.
and Mrs. Petersen, Mrs. Carr. Jensen.
Wittke. Engel, Laustln, L>ay: Misses M.
Fledkjer, M. Boysen, F. Boysen, M. Neil
sin. A. Neilsen, M. Krogh, D. Burns, M.
Bjornshage, L. BjornsbaiC Le Rolf, H.
Nansen. M. Hansen. Tavra. A. Miller, M.
Jorgensen, Hanson, Unge, Frederickson,
Carl Rohde, S. Carr, M. Carr, J. Peter
sen. M. Miller. L. Miller; Messrs. P.
Rohde, P. Petersen, M. Madsen, S. Sor
ensen, P. Hansen, M. Neilson, K.
Johnson, L. Iversen. C. Iversen, Mr. Jor
gensen, Wolf, Kemp, Neilsen. Krogh,
Orth. Day, M. Miller, W. Miller and a
Rohde.
Miss Sarah McQualde gave a farewell
party to her friends at her home, 120 San
Carlos avenue, on Saturday evening. May
26. The dance hall and dining-room were
beautifullv decorated with the national
colors and set off daintily with ferns and
evergreens. The evening was delightfully
spent in dancing and singing till midnight,
when supper was served, after which
dancing was resumed and continued until
the early hours of the morning. Among
those present were.: Misses Sara E. Mc-
Quaide, K. G. McQuaide. Mary A. John
ston, Nellie Attiidge, Kate Higglns, Mag
gie Higgins, Maggie Mahoney, Burns,
Alice Delvln, Mamie Grady, Nellie Vall
covich. Gibbons, Alma Bostorf, Emma
Bostorf. -Josie Moriarty, Lizzie Moriarty,
Annie Sheeman, Mrs. J. P. Fogarty, Mrs.
P. Concannon, Mrs. H. W. Salter, Mrs.
John O'Mara, Mrs. Patil Apel. Mrs. N. E.
Johnstons, Mrs. P. Norton. Mrs. Charles
W. Moriarty, Mrs. John O'Donnell, (Mrs.
J. HoHand. Mrs. J. O'Connell, George^'Ma
honey, Frank Mahoney, Dave Lawler, Jim
O'Connor. H. W. Salter, Fred J. Salter,
Will Mahoney. Henry Mahoney, Will
Hayes, Adam Blzar, Charles W. Moriartv,
Johnnie McCloskey, Jim Foley, Joe Fo
garty, Paul Apel, J. Holland, John O'Don
nell, J. Kingsley, Mark Higgins, Theodore
Goesch, Will Barry, W. E. Johnston. Ed
ward Johnston. J. Dyer, B. Borntus, Peter
Morton, W. Trudell. Frank Dorothy.
On Monday evening, May 2S, 1 a very
pleasant party was tendered to Miss Susie
Brooks and Miss Georgiana Pratt by Mrs.
Brooks at their residence. 267 Minna
street. The evening was pleasantly passed
with games, singing, dancing and recita
tions. At midnight supper was served,
after which the guests returned to the
parlors and continued their merry-making
until the small hours of the morning
Among the Invited guests were: Mri
Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. Holiday, Mrs. Poole
Misses Georgiana Pratt, Susie Brooks!
Bertha Brandt. Minnie Geone, Kittle Can
ton. Lillle Boyle. Georgiana Brooks and
Frank Pratt, T. H. Hooper, Hugh Garnety
Frank Murphy, John Sheehan, Tony
Ziska. Mont Carcass, Rob Ridge and Joe
Brooks.
Dr. Matthew Ebner gave an "at home"
Saturday evening. June 2. at the residence
of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Ebner
G24 Taylor street. A delightful evening
was spent In singing, dancing, games and
SOCIETY
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 P.M.
What the World's Greatest Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Says About the Skin Food and Tissue Builder.
BRAHMAN ¦ ,
TOILET CREAM: JBI^l^i
"I certainly can recom- 'J§ra£?5SK!fi*&
men* your delightful
Brahman Totlet Cream rB9nR2VaB'
as tbe best thing: for Its (sH-'VIkIk
purpose I have ever 12£z .*^JuHy
used." Price, 60c. Brah- iM "PwQBftT
man Tooth Powder, 60c. tHjWLalslS'v.
All : druggists and at ¦ Jj TfSaMBSSaR g.
A. W.' Traverse. ALD. .. - P !¦**¦•.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Wednesday. June 27 1300. - P- m.
I. D. SPRECXELS & B30S. CO., A cjts., 14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Fscific St. Freight Ottce. 327 Market St.
OCEANIC S.S. CO THYSOTATJ.V, AI*IA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13. 8 p. n.
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
MOSHOS UNEg^gSS
___. S£BAPX3 .iOOO Toaa
atontbiy sailing for Valparaiso and Oimtmrs
via MailoiQ ports. Central, South America. evs.
S.S. Luxor. GOO tons, sails about June X
J. D. SPRirSH..* * MO9. fO. tgnt*. lli JI»u?8«.ry St
W>r *«7-» fWtfct O««y, r.T M»rWt St..««» Fr»i hto
. BAY AND RIVES STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S.HAYY YARD AND YiLLEioT
Steamer "Montlcello." J
MON'., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and fat. at 9-*^
a. ra.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. iex. Thurs. risht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 1030 a. m.. f
p. m. Landing and office, Misslon-s:reet Dock
Pier No. i. Telephone Mate IMS.
FARE soo
AMERICAN LINE.
STTW YORK. B0UTHAMPT05. L0HD05. ?1BI1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 20|St. Louis July 4
St. Paul June27'New York July II
RED STAF* LINE.
*>w VorV orjd Antwsr-t.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon, i
Southwark .Tune 201 TCenslnjrton July 4'
Western!and ...June 27'Noorrlland July H
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
E/V\P1RE LINE,
R. S. "OHIO," frcm Seattle to Nome and 8t
Michael. Slay 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June Sr>. July 31. Autrust 30. For rates
and other Information annty to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«ar-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC 512 Firs: Class including Berth
iKni. $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE Or CALIFORNIA palls
June 13. 22. July 2
COLUMBIA sails Jun» 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all pnlnts In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pnlnts Cast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
63) Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
I JF I Faded I
f'tftifflJL Women I
a * >*•*»-• * « ¦ * jq
H whose loss of beauty is the despair of their j
H lives and a torture to their souls. jl
1 FOR ONE WEEK t
g personal office treatment on wrinkles, \jr
W freckles. Pimples, Sallownes5, Moth £
stl Patches. Moles, Warts, Coarse Pores, rrj
gj Dandruff, Falling Hair and all Scalp kI
n Diseases. Impoverished skin restored to In
gf its youthful freshness and the plain face nj
j*J made beautiful once more. My best testi- |H
In wonial is my own face. I have the largest FJ
nj Dermatological Institute in America, n
I; where I have successfully treated thous- fl|
>i ands. I guarantee niy claims absolutely, -"T
j and invite the fullest investigation. "r~l
1 Superfluous Hair zrft p
il only successful means ever discovered— W
J\ the Electric Needle, as operated by Mrs. J|
EJ Harrison. ' 9
nl TRIAI DftT Ladies out of town send- li
m I nIML rU I i ng this ad. with ice. in S
jf stamps, will receive a book of instructions }¦
K and a box of I.ola Montez Creme and n-
gj Face Powder FREE. g-
I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON 1
§ DERMATOLOGIST ;;' y \
0 78-80 Geary St. San Francisco •
p3 ! g5rgIS5La -iiLSiTLa -aj Tia tin ¦sLa.'si3 g.5?^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
> Steam-rs >ave Broadway
b*. wharf, San Francisco:
KW—,^- For Alaskan jxirts— 11 a. rn..
MaggE^. June 10 - i ; . 20- - 3 - so. July ;.
Et&'fwCSek. Change to company's steair.-
|Sv 8s5cv?fi er5 ac Seattle.
l«^w F " or Victoria. Vancouver (T5.
fraKzL^ai C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtes.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
™ 11 a. m.. June 10. 15. 20. 25, 30.
July 5. and every flfth day thereafter: chansa
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. X. Ry. : at Tacoma to X. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. m.. June
15. 17. 12. 27. July 2, and every flfth day
thereafter.
For Panta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
nccs. Port Harfonl (Sam. Lola Oblspo). GavJota.
Santa Bart>ara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Pan Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June S, 12. IS. 20. 21. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obl?po). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — \\ fu
m.. June 10, H, 18. 22. 26, 30, July 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jos» <Jel
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexlco>— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« ri»ht to chantr*
steamers, salltns dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— A New Montgomery
stwt (PaUce Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Airents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
For passenger and freizht rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
SO California St., S. F.
31 S 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AT NOME.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
SECOND TRIP.
. S. S.
A^i Valencia
j / "^S\ FOR
CITYOFffjjl PARIS
DRV GOODS CO/VIPANY.
125 pairs RUFFLED MUSLIN CURTAINS, in dots and
striped effects Special at 51.25 per pair
150 pairs RUFFLED MUSLIN CURTAINS, with dainty
insertion and edge. .... .Special at S2.25 per pair
250 pairs of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in Battenberg
and Arabian effects Special at $1.75 per pair
HANDSOME 3-PLY INGRAIN ART SQUARES, all new and
desirable colorings, 9 Feet Square, for. . . .$6.50 each
ORIENTAL PORTIERES, full width and length
Special at $4.50 per pair
JUST RECEIVED— A new line of TAPESTRY COUCH-
COVERS, in goblin and Oriental effects, special at
$2.75 and upward
NOTE— A: 1 Curtains and Portieres Hung Free of Charge.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Comer Geary and Stookton Stoats, Saa Francisco.
CIIMION SQUARE.
STEAMEKS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannan streets. 1 o m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
or sailing.
S3. HONGKONG MARU
• • Thursday, June 14. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday, August 3, 1900
Via Honolulu. ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE OSNERALE TSANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *.<*»,.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <£5jraT*V
Saturday,, from November 2, 1S99.'. at JiV vrr It
10 a. m.. 1 from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. June 14; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Juno 21: L'AQUITAINE. June
28: LA TOURAINE. July 5. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second class to Havre. S45: 5
p«r cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, S2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO... Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCSAN T3AVEL.
Paints the Blushes ~ r^^^ 1 V* 4w/
of Perfect Health {A TBif WWf
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- ' J^k
formation. Anita Cream is neither '45^ J f\ J$m)l l^f s Ita^
paint, powder or bleach, but Is a medi- (j\C\^f^^^y^y vdsV'^S'O^
cinal preparation which cures discolor-. .'£=3 [ / * str x^^^v~ k J
ations by removing them In the only ***^ u^T^ •» - /)vj^') k
thoroughly satisfactory manner known \-_^/
to science. It actually removes the outer, discolored cuticle in small dust-like
particles and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatment is neither
disfiguring or inconvenient It is a sure cure for Tan, Freckles, Moth and Liver
Patches, Muddiness and all skin disco lorations.
FR EE SAMPLE I» yop cannot obtain Anlu Cream of your drcjrelst. And 50c to as for a full
. sized Jar. Full particulars «nd tnttructlonj toeether with a liberal sample
will te mailed to any address for a 2c sump. - . r
¦j Amta Cbbam & Toilet CO. 207 Franklin St.. Los Angeles Cal.Golden West Tent is still alive and keep
ing up with the fraternal procession, do
ing much to keep In the front line.
San Francisco Tent will soon install Its
new officers and It is said that the new
directory will strive for a record.
Native Daughters.
The following names of delegates to the
Grand Parlor not heretofore published
have been received at the office of the
grand secretary.' From Bonita Parlor No.
10. Redwood City, Mrs. Dora Wilson,
Louise Roussell; Callfia Parlor No. 22,
Secramento. Miss Jennie B. Davis, Mrs.
Eva Nickell, Miss Eliza Wittenbreck;
Chlspa Parlor No. 40, lone, Lizzie Joses;
Mariposa Parlor No. 63, Mariposa, Mrs. A.
McEiligott; Ivy Parlor No. SS, Lodi. Alice
Welch; Lassen View Parlor No. 9S,
Shasta, Anna Lewin; Pine Burr Parlor
No. 104, Colfax, Nancy Wolford.
After a number of years of faithful ser
vice in the oflice of grand secretary, dur
ing which she has made a host of warm
friends in the order. Mrs. Georgie Cotter
Ryan has decided to lay down the cares
of that office and not be a candidate for
re-election. Her reasons for this Is the
increased labor in the onice and conse
quent worry has affected her health,
which during the past year has not been
of the best, and she feels that she is in
need of rest. There are many in the order
who will feel deep regret at the step that
she has decided upon.
Miss Lily O. Richllng. a native of Jack
son, Amador County, founder of Ursula,
the mother parlor, she being the recog
nized organizer of the order which has
grown to such magnitude, is now in Ger
many, visiting relatives and from there
she will visit China and Japan. She will
be absent about two years.
Miss Mamie A. Ryan. D. D. G. P., In
stituted Visalia Parlor No. 117, at Vlsalia.
with thirty charter members. The officers
are: Mary Pettit, P. P.; Alice Jordan,
P.; Florence Kimball. Theresa Hunt. Effie
Simmons vice presidents; Julia Levy. R.
S.; Minnie Lawrence, F. S.; Mary Wal
lace, T.; June Curtis, M.; Elsie Johnson,
Sarah van Valer and Annie Rouse, trus
tees; Alice Murray, O. S. ; Josephine Dine ¦
ley. I. S.
Miss Lizzie Douglass, formerly grand
treasurer, will be a candidate for the
office of grand secretary.
The party that was given last week by
La Estrella Parlor was a very pleasant
affair, which was conducted under the di
rection of the 1900 committee, of which
Mrs. A. Aigeltinger is chairman. It was
an apron and necktie party, which was
attended by a large number of ladies and
gentlemen, who enjoyed a well-arranged
programme of dances.
The new parlor. El Vespero, instituted
last Monday night at South San Fran
cisco by Mrs. Agnes^Lunstedt, one of the
enthusiastic and proficient district deputy
grand presidents in this city, gives prom
ise of being one of the most active fra
ternal organizations In that section of the
city. It is composed of many bright young
ladles. The introduction of this parlor
into the order was witnessed by a lar^e
number of past grand officers and many
members of the local parlors.
Knights of Loyal Guard.
The institution last week of a division
of the Knights of the Loyal Guard, of
which a local notice has already appeared
in The Call, adds one more fraternal or
ganization to those of this city. At the
institution Dr. B. Coggshall. the deputy
supreme commander in chief and Western
manager, stated that those who started
this association in Michigan did so after
a very careful survey of all the mistakes
made by other organizations and' had
built fo as to avoid them in the man
agement of Its affairs. It is expected that
under the captainship of Thomas K.
Kase. the presiding officer, together with
his assistants, a membership of yfty or
more will be enrolled at the next meet
ing.
Dr. Coggshall has gone to San Jose to
establish a division there.
Independent Foresters.
At the last held meeting of Court Terba
Buena of the Independent Order of For
esters Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger E.
A. Mack was a visitor, and during the
evening gave a short talk on the business
affairs of the order. Subsequently he as
sisted in the organization of a companion
'court of the order, the first in the city.
At the next meeting it is expected that
the organization will be completed.
Last Thursday night there was a meet
ing of the Past Chief Rangers' Associa
tion. Several names were added to the
roll and it appeared that more than half
of the local chief rangers who are ellgib.e
have already joined. Owing to the vaca
tion season it was decided to skip the
next regular meeting, so the next meeting
will be held on the second Thursday- in
August. The association decided to keep
the charter open until the'Tneetingr In Oc
"oronhyatekha, the supreme chief ranger,
sailed from Melbourne some time ago for
the English jurisdiction via Paris. He was
expected to reach that city during the
latter part of this month. After visiting
the exposition he will go to England and
then return to his home In Toronto, Can
ada. During the latter part of the year
he will visit the Pacific Coast jurisdiction.
Durins the current month and next
month Deputy Supreme Ranger Mack will
Visit Humboldt County and then go to
Washington and Oregon. In Humboldt
County he will assist in placing in first
class condition the courts of that county,
and before he leaves there will be courts
numerically strong at Blue Lakes, Eu
reka, Fortuna and Fcrndale.
Deputy Duckworth has been doing act
ive work in Solano County.
The representative of the supreme chief
ranper hits received a letter from Mrs.
Annie M. Harr. returning thanks for the
benefits paid her in sixteen days from the
time of the death of her husband from the
result of an accident in Alameda County.
He died on the 5th of the month, the death
proofs were sent on to Toronto and the
check delivered to the widow on the 23d of
the month following.
The National "Union.
The National Union Social and Literary
Club through Its committee, Messrs.
Healey, Kldd. Bunting and Hastings, has
arranged another of those high class,
pleasing entertainments to be siven on the
evening of the 13th in Odd Fellows' Hall,
on which occasion the following pro
gramme will be presented: Selections, S to
b-25 <a) "Mosquitoes' Parade" (Whitney),
«b)* "Hungarian Lustsplel" (Kela Bela).
fiicbei's orchestra; barytone solo, "A May
Morning" (Denza), Will Ogilvie; special
ties George Hammersmith; soprano/solo,
selected. Mrs. Frank Marcus: "At thS Pro
toertpher's" (a character sketch), imper
sonating a languid youns society lady, an
irate mamma, a flower from Madison
souare Garden, Irish character, an old
maid a young mother with her first baby.'
ayoung lady fresh from school, Agatha
G Cummings; selections, "L'Addlo a
Nacoli" (Cottrau), orchestra. "A Virginian
Romance" (a play In one act): Cast—
Lieutenant Vandreth Carter, U. 8. A..
Georgo A, Dennison; Rick Tetter, (A
Order the Eastern Star.
Golden Gate Chapter on last Thursday
night elected five applicants who wish to
become members. After a pleasant busi
ness meeting there was aa enjoyable col
lation served in the banquet hall.
To-morrcw night Beulah Chapter, In
Sooth S&n Francisco, will have initiations,
and after that the "clothespin hour" will
be repeated.
The prand patron visited Athena. Chap
ter at Hollister last Wednesday. The as
sociate grand matron, Mrs. Lucas, was
present. During the afternoon she held a
school of instruction.
Mission Chapter had several initiations
last night.
The Odd Fellows.
James A. Wilson. W. H. Stackpole and
Weickert were the committee
tvho last Monday had charge of the ladies*
night given by Fidelity Lodge In Memorial
SXall cf the Odd Fellows' building. As on
Trevious occasions, the hall was crowded
to its utmost by an audience of ladies
and gentlemen, who declared that "Fidel-
\ ly ! :L a11 rtsht." The programme Included
in addition to dancing vocal selections by
the Knickerbocker Quartet, vocal selec
tions by Miss Cowles, Miss Bennett, Mrs.
I rceman ar.d Mi?s O'Brien. James Whit
ney Miss Xellie Boland and James A.
\\Uson favored with recitations and E.
Alexander gave a whistling solo.
.?£ al Rebckah Lodge has arranged for
«. i^eaise fcisters entertainment" to be
given in the banquet hall of the Odd Fel
« s iIdl QS on the night of the lSth
inst. Those who have been selected for
the characters are: Ida Lee Spencer. Tes-
Fle J. Schmidt, Belle IC Hawkins. Eola M.
Cyrus, Jennie F. Wright, Laura M. James,
Ada L. Lawrance, Fannie H. Daniels,
Marjory F. Jennings acd Edila L. Haw
thorne.
The Druids.
Tfce executive committee of the Grand
Grove, which is to meet In this city on
the 19th Inst.. held a meeting last Monday
right at which all the branches of the
order were represented. It was decided
that there shall be a grand ball to the
erard officers end delegates on the even
ing c! the 20th. The committee was ad
vised by letters that the teams from Gal
lileo. Aurora, Templar, Laurel and St.
Helena proves will take part in the com
petition in the second degree. It was de
cided that that degree shall be conferred
in the amplified form on the 19th Inst. in
a. large hail for the benefit of all Druids.
Manzanita Grove at its meeting last
Thursday night initiated two candidates
In the ovate degree. This grove will give
e picnic at San Lorenzo Grove in Alameda
County on the gth of July in aid of its
regalia fund. This grove, which has been
growing rapidly in membership of late,
has become quite popular and it will no
doubt have a large number of people out-
Fide of the membership at this outing.
Excellent music has been engaged, a good
programme of games will be presented
and there will be a number of prizes. The
committee is composed of R. D Barton,
E. J. Barton. J. Spiller S. C. Glover. \V.
de Martini and George E. Barham.
Golden Star Grove will have a basket
picnic at Fairfax on the 1st of July.
There will be foot racing, games, dancing
iiivi pate prizes.
Alpini Grove initiated a candidate last
¦week and conferred the second degree on
Eeven candidates.
There is considerable activity at this
tirr.e in the jurisdiction preparing for the
Grand Grove. The reports to be presented
T.-i!l show that James F. Martinoni. who
will soon retire from the leadership of the
order, has been one of the most success
ful noble prand arches that the order has
had in many years. He has been a most
indefatigable worker and under his ad
ministration it has made wonderful gains.
The Druids' Magazine for June is a
brilliant number, highly illustrated and
giving evidence with a view to give a
great deal of information to the members
of the order. L. A. Wolf, the editor, has
a keen conception of what is needed to
make an official organ attractive.
The Elks.
San Francisco Lodge on the 1st InsL
elected twelve strangers to become mem
bers and received six applications. These
were referred to committees on Investiga
tion. Arrangements are being made for
a ladif s* nigrht in August, but prior to that
—some time in July— there wilt be an Elks"
Focial in the lodgeroom. A number of the
members of this lodge will visit San Jose
on the 3d and 4th of July to take part la
the celebration there.
The grand exalted ruler will officially
visit San Francisco Lodge on the 15th inst.
The wa.vs and means committee willpro
vide a Suitable reception for the officer.
which will include a banquet. J. O. Reis
of this citv will be a. candidate for the
office cf grand esteemed leading knight.
The membership of the lodge In Oak
land is fast approaching the 300 mark.
Brother Haninn of the lodge is making
extensive preparations for his trip to
"Paree." He proposes to astonish the
French cistom-house officials with the
immensKv of his wardrobe.
In San 'Jose the members of the lodge
there are lost to all except the prepara
tion for the Fourth of July. Still the San
Juseans are fillies In. applications to be
come members.
Chico Lodge Is arranging for a smoker
end Etas pocia.1.
The Elks* reunion committee of Los An
freles has already interested the merchants
of that place in the reunion to take place
in that city on October next.
The lodge In Fresno reports remarkable
activity and applications are presented at
every meeting.
Stockton Lodge will do big things on
tire 12th Inst., on which date a social
¦Anton will be held. Robert Oullahan.
Francis Cutting. Carl C. Breuck and
George Sherman are the committee that
Trill have charge of the event. , It will
pprlng a number of striking surprises.
During the current month, July, August
and September the lodge will meet on
the first and third Tuesday, instead of
Tve* j kl y.
Grand Exalted Ruler Allen, who is on
his way to the W>£t on a tour of official
visitations, was in Seattle on last Fri-
Native Sons.
California Camp No. 4 of the Argonauts
at Its session on the 1st Inst- In Native
Sons' building conferred the two decrees
on thirty candidates. The event, which
v.zs up to date, was followed by a colla
tion refreshments and a general prood
tirae until the email hours of the morn-
Sn £rar.4 Organizer Stelnbach reorganized
Earker Parlor No. 42 at BakersfieM with
a good membership last week. He has
#rone to Lakeport to put the parlor at that
place on its feet aRain. After he shall
have accomplished that task he will visit
C Alcald^ Drill Corps No. 1 will give Its
irVr annivrrsarv ball in Native Sons' Hall
o^Tthe Sieht oftho -Tth inst. This will be
a.i invitational affair.
The grand promenade concert and en
tertai-.mer.t given last Thursday night in
Native Sons' Hall by Army and Navy
I'arlor was a delightful affair and was
r\fll attended by those who wished to
Fhow their appreciation of the parlor that
is composed of only Native Sons who
eerved during the Spanish-American war.
The programme was varied and made up
of excellent numbers. There was also a
good programme of dances. Those who
fiad charge of the affair were: Floor man
eger. James M. Foley: assistant floor
manager*— Frank S. Drady, C. R. Det
rirk. Charles Lt O'Donnell; reception
committee* — II F. McUurr^n, chairman;
P. L. Ba<it. Q. S. Carr. E. D. Crowley. L.
L. Hunter. J. W. I^edden. G. T. Ballinger.
H. J. Bucking. A. P. Lundburg. C. A. Son.
r>. Mann. If. M. Brae*. M. H- Wiikens. L..
B. Simon. II. L. Aucrbach, C. Debernardi.
The attendance at the "ladies' night '
by Alcalde Parlor In the early part of last
xverk was one that manifested the great
Interest that the ladies are taking in the
affairs, that Is the social events of the
paj-lor. The committee that had charge
of the affair prepared a programme of
musical and literary events, interspersed
with dances, that has seldom been equal
ed in any parlor of this order. A.*Rah
¦cryipr was the master of ceremonies and
discharged the duties of that position in
a manner that won many words of praise
for him. During the evening Ice cream,
cak«»s and lemonade were served. The
parlor will erive such a nfsht quarterly.
The drill corps of this parlor Is actively
Bt work perfecting its arrangements for
the ball It will give July 27.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Here Is presented a fac-slmlle of the
new official badge that has been adopted
by the Knights of the Maccabees to be
xeorn in the t*»nts during reviews. Th*
badge Is of oxidized silver, well made and
more durable than any fraternal emblem
ever before manufactured, s Those tents
that have- the old style badges will be r>er
xn!tte4 to us© them unUl worn out. but
News of FraternaL Organizations
planter. Will Ogilvie: Aunt Helena, Miss
May Sullivan; Barbara, Miss Jean Bald
win; Sacharrissa, Miss Nettie Hynes;
scene, exterior of Reece Royal; time, the
present.
The same precautions to maintain a
high standard in everv respect will bo
taken, and there Is no "doubt that it will
bo the equal of any previously given.
National Aid Association.
The flag entertainment and social that
was given by Sunflower Lodge, No. 593,
of the National Aid Union, in For
esters' building last week, was a
very agreeable function. The hall had
been profusely decorated with flags by
George W. Johnson.'chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements, assisted by Mrs.
Harmon, Mrs. Blackall, Mrs. Carcas and
Mrs. . Trenell, the other members of the
committee, and it presented a more pa
triotic appearance than it ever did be
fore. The entertainment included a piano
selection, vocal selection by Montea Car
cas; recitation. Miss Sampson; sketch in
rag time, Fred Baird and William De
blois; vocal selections. Mrs. H. M. Gin
gles; Shakespearean sketch, George Ter
kildson.and D. E. Hanlon; vocal solo, W.
Deblois; instrumental selections. Miller
boys' mandolin band; vocal solo, little
Ray Carcas; graphophone selections. Dr.
Clark, followed by "Tips on Fraternity,"
by A. J. Weinert. After that there was a
programme of dancing and refreshments.
A number of strangers, on hearing the
objects of the order explained, made ap
plication to become members. This lodge
will initiate sixteen applicants next
Thursday.
Seven Pines Memorial.
The memorial service held by. Seven
Pir.es Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army of
the Republic, in remembrance of those of
the circle who have passed away was a
very impressive affair, conducted in the
presence of a large number of people. The
hall was decorated with flowers, ferns,
flags, the emblem of the order and em
blems of the Grand Army. The pro
gramme included an appropriate piano
selection by Mrs. Eugenia Sully; invoca
tion by the Rev. W. M. White, a South
erner; duet, "The Vacant Chair." Mrs. L.
Whiteside, of the circle, and
Mrs. Ida Leroi; recitation, Cora Bell
Mills; vocal solo. Mrs. Eugenia Sully;
duet, Mrs. Whiteside and Mrs. Leroi. This
was "Tho Gates Ajar," with tableau, In
which Miss Maude Depare and Eddie
Griffith took part; original poem, dedicated
to the circle by Mrs. Carrie Armstrong
and read by her; "The Holy City," by Ciel
and Birdie Trainor; "Hereafter." a reci
tation, Mrs. Angle Ayers. and the singing
of "America" by the audience. Mrs.
Whiteside and Mrs. Leroi were presented
handsome floral pieces.
Cremieux Lodge.
On the night of May 27 Cremieux Lodge
No. 325 of the Independent Order of B'nai
B'rith gave its annual ball in B. B. Hall.
It was a great success In every way.
There was a large attendance In the taste
fully decorated hall, a good programme
of dances and excellent music. Taken all
in all, It was one of the most enjoyable
functions ever given "under the auspices
of this enterprising lodge, of which the
following named are the officers: Meyer
Kahn, monitors G. W. Alexander, presi
dent; Dr. J. Payer, vice president; I. P.
Strassburger, treasurer; S. S. Green, sec
retary; Sam Fromholtz, warden; I. Feier
tag, guardian; M. Alexander, assistant
monitor. Trustees — A. Morris, P. Flatow,
S. Hoffman. w
Sons of Benjamin.
At the last he'd meeting of California
Lodge, No. 113, ex-President Aaron Meyer
was presented a beautiful gold chain and
locket by the lodge as a testimonial of
appreciation of his services as presiding
officer during the time that he was in the
chair, also for bringing in a large number
of members into the lodge. This lodge is
growing steadily, receiving applications
and having initiations at every meeting.
There is considerable activity in all the
lodges of the order at this time and all
are showing a gain in membership.
The local lodges aro arranging for a
joint picnic to be given during the month
of July.
Improved Order -of Bed Men.
Past Grand Sachem G. W. Lovrie of
Redwood City was in this city last week.
He paid a visit to the office of Great Chief
of Records Bliss and stated that there
are good prospects for the organization
of a branch of the order at San Mateo.
Past Sachem Rohrbacher of Stockton,
president of the Red Men's Association of
that city, was in this city last week to
secure a flag for the hall there. He re
ports that Irociuols Tribe has made an
Increase of fifty-four members during the
present year.
Manzanita Tribe at its last held council
adopted two palefaces, who were intro
duced in flrst-class style by the team
under command of Captain Hauber.
White Eagle Tribe will confer the hay
makers' degree next Saturday night in
Maennerbund Hall with that perfectness
for which it is noted.
Crockett Tribe had a dramatic enter
tainment. The talent was from the city.
Oneida Council and Yosemite Tribe will
give a joint social in a short time.
Sons of Exempts.
By reason of the quarantine In the
Chinese quarter the Sons of Exempts,
whose headquarters are in the hall of the
Exempts in Brenham place, have found it
Impossible to hold a meeting. The meet
ing which was to bo held to-morrow night
has been postponed until after the bar
riers are let down. W. G. McKibbin has
been elected secretary of the society, vice
McFarland, whose business prevents him
from attending night meetings.
Friends of the Forest.
At the close of the supreme session of
the Friends of the Forest last week it was
decided to incorporate and a committee
was named for the purpose of carrying
out that idea. The incorporators chosen
are: Airs. M. Daygert. Miss M. G. Mc-
Conkey, Mrs. Lena Scholten, Mrs. A.
Boehm, Mrs. Sarah Davidson, Mrs. S. F.
Davidson, Mrs. Emily Kimball. Mrs, Mar
shall, Mrs. L. S. Bacon and Mrs. A. Bar
dune.
The Supreme Lodge of this order has
chosen an active set of officers, who, it is
believed, will do much to advance tHe
work during the year and endeavor to in
crease the membership and establish new
lodges outside of the city.
Mizpah Lodge will give a bonbon party
In Mission Opera Hall on the 14th Inst.
There will be a joint party by Mizpah
and America lodges on the 29th inst.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Division of the Co-operative Brotherhood
in its hall at 117 Larkin street last Tues
day night Henry Harrison Brown, editor
of Now, delivered an interesting and elo
quent address on the subject of "The Ne
cessity of Co-operative Industry and Its
Practical Workings as Exemplified at
Burley."
The Rev. Mr. Wheat will address the
meeting on co-operative lines, next Tues
day.
-National Organizer Copeland is expected
here next July.
During the past week four certificates
were issued by the colony and three ap
plications were received. The subject of
starting a hop plantation at Burley is be
ing discussed.
Women of Woodcraft.
At the meeting of Redwood Circle of the
Women of "Woodcraft . held on May 26 the
following named were elected officers for
the current term: Mrs. ->I. Wilder, G. N.;
Mrs. M. E. Schweinhard. A.: B. F. Wes
ter, manager; Mrs. L. P. Webber, C. of
O.: E. Johnson. I. S.; A. 0. Clark, O. S.
Neighbors Daniels. Wilder, Stewart,
Blangy. Jennie Clark and Sweinhard were
elected delegates to the district conven
tion. This circle will this month hold Its
meetings in a different hall in Pythian
Castle, and the night of meeting has been
changed to Tuesday.
Young Men's Institute.
Supreme President Klerce and Grand
President St. Sure visited Sonoma Council
on the night of the 6th inst. Later on the
supreme president will pay a visit to the
council In Santa Cruz.
The elections . for officers of the sub
ordinate councils and for delegates to the
Grand. Council are now In order. ¦¦
. Grand President St. Sure and ¦ Grand
Secretary Stanley will pay. a visit to the
council in Merced on the 14th Inst. and to
the 'one In Fresno on the 15th. Supreme
President Kierce will visifthe council in
Menlo Park on the 15th inst. ;- ,
"Washington Council will hold Its picnic
at Camp Taylor on the 27th inst., and
Golden Gate Council will picnic at Sunset
Park oh the 4th of July.-— * j — -*-¦•-_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, tTUNE 10, 1900.
27
new ones procured will have to be similar
to the one pictured.
Last Wednesday night Golden West
Hive of the Ladies of the Maccabees gave
an entertainment and hop in California
Hall, an affair that was a decidely mer
itorious one. The programme was an en
tertaining one while the list of dances
was all that those who love to dance
could desire.
MACCABEE OFFICIAL BADGE.
Commencing MATINEE TO-DAY, •
FOR OXE WEEK ONLY!
The Latest New York Farce Comedy Suc-
cess,
TheCirlFramCliili.
A Bright. Merry. Musical Play.
Full of Songs, Dances and Up-to-the-Min-
ute H^eclalti^s.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Ore!- istra at All
Matinees 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
SUTRO BATHS
Open dally • from 7 a. ra. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p.m. -
ADMISSION, 10c CHILDREN. 6c. .
Bathlne. Including admlsstav 25c; children, 20c.
THE CITY.
OLYMPIA SSSlilz*
THE ONLY FRKK VAUDEVILLE SHOW IK
pion Bas Punchers.
SI STEBBIN?,
THE nOCKWANS,
Comedy Sketch Artists nnS America's Cham-
HARRY HOLMES
Monologist and World-Famous Conjurer.
MARCIK CALAVERAS,
The Renowned Vocalist.
And Our Celebrated Stock Company.
And His Famous Dog DANDY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. I
LESSES]
SAN FRAHCiSCO AND NORTH PAC1RC
RAILWAY COMPANY
Tltoron Ferry, Poot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
VL'EK DATS— 7:30. »:«. 11:00 a. m.: U:«.
1:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:29 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11:30 d. m.
¦UN DATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11.-C0 a. m. ; 1:90. t-JStt.
S:CO. 6:20 P. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRAXCI8CO.
"VTEEK DATS-«:10. T:50. »:». 11:10 a. m.: 13:45,
1:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and t:25 v. m.
SUNDAYS- «:10. 9:49. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:49,
S:OS. 1:25 p. ra.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
¦am* schedule aa abova.
Leave J In effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 130O.| Ban Franclaoa.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:35 «m 1:00 am Novato. 10:40 ara 8:40 an
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petalurna. 6:05 pm 10:15 aa
(:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 8:19 pm
Fulton.
T:80 am Windsor. 10:IS am
Heatdstrarg*-
Lytton.
Oeyaerrllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Ooverdala. 7.-SS pm 1:10 psa
7:30 ami J Hopland I 110:25 aa
S:SO pm| X:00 ami and Uldah. ) 7:35 pm| t:20 pm
.*: > ami 10:3 am
I 8:00 am Ouem-ville. 7:3S pm
3:30 pmj «:!0 pm
7:4> am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am SMOara
I and
5:10 pm| 5:00 pmi Glen Ellen. C:05 pm t:tf> pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
Z:SO pm[ 5:00 pm| Sehastcpol. | T:S5 pm| C:2? pm |
Stages connect at Santa Rosa far Stark West '
Sr*1n*cs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtngrs: at
Geyservllle for 9kaecs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Oeyners: at Hopland for Dcncan
8prlngi. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes. L&nrel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, - Potter - Valley,
John Day's, -Riverside. Llerley*". Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*« Hot
Springs. Mendccino City. Fort Bragr. West-
port. Usal. Wllltts. LaTtonvtlle. • Cummlnn.
Bell'a Springs. Harria, Olsen'a. Dyer, Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday rcur.d trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. (£0 Market St.. Chronicle bt&t
H. C. WHITING. .. R. X. RTAN.
. General M&narer. Oen, Pass. Agent.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
bavins street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
JL CONCERT HOUSE 9*J
1M-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
I'eck Beginning: Monday, June 11th,
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG ABRAMOFF In the Last Act of
"ERNANI."
f First Appearance Here of
ISABELLE UNDERV/OOD.
The Favorite Soubrette. and the
D'ESTELLE SISTERS,
Tancy and Acrobatic Dancers.
HINRICHS' UNRIVALED ORCHESTRA!
ADMISSION. 10c; Reserved Seats. 23c
t^mvxvtxnn ptcirio coaruT.
f IrAcina sx.-rrsM.)
Trnlns Ie»»r nod ore tin* la arrlv* St
NAM VII *.>tl«»l'o. . --
{Main Lii.e. Foot of Market Street)
LSayk — Fftou Mat 13. 13C0. — . *«xrr«
•7:00* Brctda. Sultoa. Elmira. Vacartn*,
Urnxupy and n»crAuiei:'o *7l48y
*7:O»a ShMta Ezpren— DaTia. Williams (for
Bartlett npricga), WiUowt. Had
BluC. r.irtuua. »7i*3*
*7c3«a llarMuez, >:»u ltunoo,VaUejo, Hapa.
Calistoga ami Haata Ruu *8il3»
•S:OO a IHtU, Woodlaod. KoisbU Laodbig.
MarjsTitl«. <>ro»ille *7tU»
¦8:09* Atlantic Kxpre**— Ojden and Eaat *11;*5a
•»i:to» San Juis, LiTernioin. Mtocktou.
Iooe, Sacramento. Placrrtliia,
M-;,M»i!K i:b!co. Itsdiiiiiir Miiar
•S:30a Oakdalc. Chiaese (for YuaeiatUX
Sjiior*. Carters. *-ti13p
•OiOOa HajiwanU. NilrK and Way Stations. M 1:45*
•0:OOa Loa Anf ole» £z;reM — U»rth>«*.
Tracy, Lathro;>. Miocitoo. Mereetl
and Fie«no »6it3j
•S:3»a V»n..j.». Martines aad Way Stations MilJf
'¦ • IO:OO» Tna Orerlaud Limited— Olden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago # 3:13r
•11:OW* NHes, Liver. i.ore, .iMCiMn, Saor»-
meot". Mtadota. llauford, VUaila,
Portervilla Mil.i*
•!*:••« Uaywards. Nll«« and Way SUUoos. ( ai4.1p
tl:OOr Sacraia«ntoKiferSte«inHa fStOOA,
•3:OOr Uaywards. Niles aad Way .iut!om. f »UJ»
•<itU»r Marttuex. Han Uauion. Valiejo.
Napa. C'all«tn(a. (jaeU (tola *»il3*
MiOOr Benlcia. Whiten. aacram«c«o.
Woodland. KulgUU Laudiui.
MaryiTllI*. Orotlll* M 0:«3»
•IiSOp N:i 5J . .s*n Ji.-t»»uUSt«citoa •7;IS»
•3:00? Tin Owl IJmi ted— Tracy. Fteaoo.
U.«ker»5ol J. Saudis for SanU Bar-
bara. Los Angeles *fil}(
*SlOOr Fresno Pasaenzer— MzrtlDex. Lath-
rop. BtocktoD, Mctc»l. Berenda
(Raymond for Yoaemite), Kreano.. *13illr
•3:30rNaw Jrleanc Expreu— Hakeniteld.
M»ut» B»»bara, Loa Ani'.itm, Dem>
lac El Faao. New Orleaua and
Eaat •••43*
•3it0r 8»»t» F» Uoiito— At!antlo Expieaa
for Mejare au<I tUii *«i!3»
•SiOOp Haywnrda. Nile* and .Ian Jos* "7; la*
tfliOOr ValleJ.. *iaiiav
•UiOwr Oriental Mail— Og lea, Cnayena*.
Omaha. Chicago — . •Ilx-13*
•o:00r Oriental JUii— ug-Iun. Den? n,
Omaha. Chicago. **il3»
t~:*Or Vallejo. l\r. CoiU and Way St*.
tlous J*:33r
•ItOSrOnionuA CVIfmnl* r.«|.r«««.H.o-
laiueiitu. Murjivi!:». Ileililliig,
r»it:mi.l. Pii t ..r. » I an.l \'.ut »t»Mt
COAST IHTIMO.N (>i*rioiT tia« ? «J.
{Foot :t M.irket Street.*
|7r49A Sant* Crux Excunion for Santa
Cruz a&d Fnodpal Way Station* !»i«Jr
•i!l3*Ns<»arK.t>!.t-rf 1 ;i^..Sj.i.l.ie-. K-it.m. '
llonliler Crrek.SaulaCiux am! Way
HUtloiia _ •«;»«»
t»:1 3p Newask. C'eutwull'a. San Joie. New
Aluiaden, Falton. Itonlder Crn«k,
Santa Cruz and l'riadpal Way
.Statlnaa fl«U»«*
•1:I5f Newark. Han Jo«e, Loa Gatoi *S>A«4
a4:l3rGltnwoot Feiton. ft«cta Cro» «»:3w4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSll fMJClSCO— ?••! tf larkit Zuni (j:i» !)—
•7:15 9.00 :ill0».n. |X:S3 •%& S3-33
•I:C3 13:C3 •833r.y.
ritneilUIS— r a *l«r3ru4»T.— '«:00 8:00 10:00a.m.
II2:C3 «1:C3 t3 53 »3:33 ti-Z3 ?8::3r.ii.
COAST DIVISION (ltrn4.M;a»if).
- (Thlnl ai.d Toiwi..! Sta)
t«>lo» Ucuu View, .s.n.-ti »*n Krauci«co.. tOiJ*»
t?:O«»a Hai> .!¦>-« »»<i Way .SUtloiis (New
Al.na.l-n \\>.l.,.M.Uy«-i.:y) *l»30r
J7:S0 i Sunday Excursion f r San Joae.
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grora and
rrincipal Way .Station* J9:33r
••tOOa Han Jok. Tro. J'i....». HmiU friis.
Tacifia IlroTa. r*i.i K,.I.V», Han
].•¦(¦ OWiapu, Unit. Lompoc and
1'rl.ioli.nt War Sutlmn *4:tO*
•lOi'Oa San Jum ami Way Mtaklona. •«:X1»
•IIiSOa SanJ»i«,LoaGaU»»m!WajSUtfoiia *3i30r
t3i4SrSan Matrn. Uc<Iwo<h!. Meril.i Park.
Palo Alto. Hant« Clara. Hnn Joa*.
Trea Plnoa. Hanta t.'mz. Saliaaa.
Monterey ai»l r*ci;ic lirot* flOsSd*.
tSiI-p8an Joieand Way Mtatlon* •7>3»p
iAtlSr San Jo»«an.| Principal Way Stations *9:43a
t3:OOrSaa Joio. Loi Catoa and Prladsal
Way 8tatiooa. tv:0O«
•IilOr RuJom ao-l PrinclpiU Way Station* **::t* »
•8t3»r San JoisaiM Way .Station* f«:«»*
«II;43p San J me ami Way Sutlua* **;30p
A for Morning P for A f ternoon.
•Dai'y. t Sui'-lar etcepted. t Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
¦ Satordar acd 9-anilar. c Sunday and Monda*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Philadelphia
AND RETURN via
Odllld 10
Route... -
Tickets Sold June
12th and 13th good
to return 60 days.
Office, 628 Market St.
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE.
Order Seats by Phone— Park 23.
AT NIGHT.
ELEGTRIC FOUNTAIN
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
B^SCO and RICE; DEMINGand CARROLL;
CHARLES STANLEY; GATES and CLARK;
HEALY SISTERS: DUTCH WALTON; NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
CHUTES andZOO
BOHTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
; Commencing April t2, 1300.
'FT.Oil SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL vat.t.tt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS— 7:0O. *S:30. 9:30 11:00 a. — -
13:45. '1:45. J:l». 4:15. «5:15. «:15. (:40 n. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ar.dSaa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Satsudaj*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. a.
• SUNDAYS— 7:00. »8:C0. *):0O. nO:0O. 11:00 «-J»
a. m.: 12:45. '1:30. 2:30. •2:0, 5:00. *:00. jlzt
p. m.
11:00 a. m. fioes not ran to San Rafael Sua«
days. /
Tra!z» marked (•) run to San Qaentin. ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. •«:30. 7:50. 3:40. •10U»i_
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. %Vedn«*dar»
and Saturdays at *f:45 and 1»:2J p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. tM, 'J^. •U:C0a. m.; HX*9
m.: 1:00. 2:15. *Z:30. 4:20. 'JitS. 1:45. 7:30. lflj*
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-4:53. 8:45. 8:00. S:55. 10:i) ».
m.: 12:55. 1:45. !:45. 3:30. 4:iO. 1:20 p. ra.
EXTRA i*lIP3 oft Monda7s. Wedsesdajr*
aad Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
EtTMDAYS— «:3i. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m. ; n-i*
1:20. 3:30, J:*5. 4:55, «:15. 7:83. 10:10 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way «U-«
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxaflero and way at**
5?15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exeepted>-»
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*- Cazadero and waj tU,
13:"« p. o. Sundays— Point Reyoa ana w*j;
«£ations.
Leave San Francisco via Satuallto Ferry:
•WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p^ m.
SUNDAYS.. ..8, 9, 10. 11 a. m., 1:». 2:30 p. m.
F»re San Francisco to Summit and return, II *).
NEW TAVEBN 05* TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIO RAILWAY.
WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
Enlarged to 16 Pages
MATIXEE SATURDAY ONLY.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
EVERY NIGHT AT S:10.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
«CiLf H EAT R E^AP
THE HIT OF THE CENTURY
And the Great Alcazar Stock
Presenting •
Mission-Street' Electric Cars Direct
TO-DAY.
AT INGLESIDE
AT IMPI CQinP
Ml IIVuLXolUL,
at inr»i roinc
AT INbLbolUb
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK
OPEN STAKE!
A3LTTSEMENTS. _^
Week Commencing Sunday Matinee, June 10;
THE ACME OF ALT. THAT" S . :
BEST IN ¦ VAUDEVILLE.
BecondiWeek of JOE HARTS Vaudeville
! ; Company.
NEW ORPHEUM STARS.
VAN AND NOBRIGA
COMPANY
In an Up-to-Date Comedy, by Georgre Totten
Smith, "MY BUSY DAY."
JOSEPH "^ CARRIE
HART*™ DE MAR
Precentlngr Something of Hart's "Which Is New
and Called "DR. CHAUNCEY'S VISIT."
JOHN E. GATVIF*
The Man Who Never Smiles.
THE THREE MARVELOUS
JML B IFtFtlT-iT-iS
America's Greatest Expert Blcyclisti.
SYDNEY DEANE
Australia's Representative Barytone.
FLEURETTE and GARDINER
The Greatest Singing 1 and
Danclns Act In the Land.
MR. AND MRS. JIMM1E BARRY
In "WILKIN'S BOY."
THE REIGXING FAVORITE
SZiah BURKHART
In Hubert Henry Davles' Comedietta,
"FIFTY YEARS AGO."
MATIXEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JUNE 10.
Parquet 25c. any seat: Balcony 10c; Children 10c.
any part. A few front orchestra rows, reserved,
50c; front rows of gallery, reserved. 25c.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY . . . SUNDAY, JUNE 10
Class and Reserve
STAKES.
118 NOMINATIONS — 118
NEXT SUNDAY,
LADIES' DAY CHAMPION STAKE.
For Freedom, Palo Alto, Beacon,
Luxor, Royal Flush and Whitehead
Among the Starters,
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets
10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1
p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets 5 minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after last course.
San Mateo electric cars every 6
minutes. S
ADMISSION 25C. LADIES FREE.
COURSING AT \
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY .... JUNE 10, 1900
1OO FAST GREYHOUNDS 1OO
Will Compete in an
TWO=Baggg=TllAHlS
Knickerbocker
C npr |n1 Noonday
JpCwldl Train From,
( NEW YORK.
<vr i nin^ tn ) boston.
Ol. LUUlO 10 < BUFFALO
, ( CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
nO TUNNEL AT ST. LQUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YT>RK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White~city
bpeC!3l From
, CINCINNATI.
V WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO {BALTIMORE.
/ PHILADELPHIA,
v NEV/ YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTQN C. CRANE,
Pacifl«^Coa«t Agent.
TO-NIGHT
AND ALL THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY.
DUNNE & RYLbY'S
Including
ALL STAR CAST
HOYT'S
MATTHEWS and BULGER,
MARY MARBLE. WALTER JONES. MAUDE
COURTNEY AND 30 OTHERS.
Presentirs
Next Sunday Night, Tremendous Production of
"A MILK-WHITE FLAG."
JLATT.TLnA.Tt TBAV3E&.
Telephone Bush 9
POPULAR 25e and 50c PRICES
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
DON'T MISS THE
GEM OF ALL OPERASI
World-Renowned Chorus and Orchestra!
Beautiful Costumes and Gorgeous Scenery!
The Biggest Aggregation of
Talent Ever Seen Here!
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Reappearance of the Great Favorites
ANNIE LICHTER and EDWIN STEVENS
Together With
FERRIS HARTMAN and the Entire Company
In a Craod Productlorj of
the Comic Opera Success
THE SEASON'S EVENT
TO-MORROW EVENING!
Last Performance To-Nlgljt of
"THE THREE GUARDSMEN"
COLUMBIA-^ 1 " TWO weeks,
DISPLAYING HIS OWN ORIGINAL DISCOVERIES
IN* THE REALMS OF THE MARVELOUS :::::::
TO-MORROW (Monday) NIGHT.
Creation Revealed
—The production of human bodies from emi)ty space.
Kellar Cuts off His Own Head and hotds u la nIs n»nd— a miracle wucn
w w ., .* ">""¦' would have pleased Pharaoh's I>augMer.
The PaSSing 1 Of Man" The fadIn S awa y <* » Uvlns peracn before the eyes o£
HvnnOtiSTTl IT! Bflalitv~ Tn * most humorous exhibition cf the lcSuenca of ono
<>j|iuvvuhuiu " ul ""'J mind over another.
SPECIAL PRICES— 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1.00.
The Mystery of the Blue Room — Bluebeard Exposed.
The Levitation of Princess Karna(r T *f la^° I^ 5 e in^ or Achieve:neat or
MANY MINOR MYSTERIES AND MIRTHFUL MANIPULATIONS.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN 532.
«il!2iiW«¥ f " j-iii i —¦¦¦* ---^ a r^w4
2 Distinct RouTES^^^^fe^E^SdeDifc^^s
:MAGNlPI Ce AMERICA. HI
Pullman Palace: p.. . rn . upl pp n^ DENVFR-OMAHAwiTHrnT
and Ordinary SAN rMuw s Itd Wl ' hCU f?=^>5»3
Sleeping Cars *¦ unii I liAllUI JUU \ANDCh!CAGO change, r^^^
RlD CPA WDE ' is the only transcontinental line passing /wwiffih
ICZnX D1RECTLY THR0UGH SALT LAKE CITY ' mm/A
WESTERN |{Y.LEADyiLLE. COLORADO SPRINGS M//ffjm
]*"* DENVER .^ $0ffi$k
y Fop Rates', 'descriptive matter etc. INQUIRE CF
r ,rn W HPINT7 ' F.W.THOMPSON . GenY fiaen.-. ¦ ---^^^^^M
GenrPoM->- A 9 r. 62? Afaftxsr Jr., Pokee /6/ff/. ; *>^J!%r
SALT LAKE CITY.. S/t/V F"f?&f*rC/SCO. fJ^
A yfi 1 1 R K r rtf V hJ'pWTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JXJlSrE 10; 1900.
28
BOND redemption. — To. whom It may concern:
In accordance with law notice Is hereby given
by the State of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2, 1900, . it " will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the ofHce of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay In full
principal and. Interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
Issue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
are dated July first, 1S90, and payable twenty
years from date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both Inclu-
sive. The amount of money in the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal la three
hundred thousand dollars • and sufficient to
pay the accrued interest to July second, 1900,
and any and all of said bonds not «o pre-
sented for payment on the second day of July
;j 1900. will cease - to draw interest from and
¦after that; date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
"whenever presented.
: All persons Interested In said bonds' will
take due notice hereof, and rovern them-
selves accordingly. ;
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN. <
. -State Treasurer of the State or Utah. ,
Dated June first, ' 1300. / ¦
WAJfTED— 431rl; good plain cook; small wash-
Ing; Scandinavian preferred; wages $25- refer-
ences required. Apply Sunday or Monday from
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 1403 Jackson St.. cor. Nlne-
teenth, Oakland.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear In our fac-
tory; also work given home. Apply Monday
at BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sanfome st?
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
G i^n tO /if slS » W A, h *"> U9ew <»* and children.
1613 Benton St.. Alameda. near Bay station.
GIKLS. GIRLS. ~~ CTRLsT
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO. 's overalls
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fcemont.
°L R i J to d ~-5 e * neral housework and assist tn
bakery. 2952 Mission st.. near Twenty-glxth.
WANTED— Woman with a child; working
housekpr In country. Box 61. Redwood City.
WANTED-^Experlenced neckwear makers and
apprentices. L., SAMTER & SON. 518 Market.
TAILORESS.- good panti finisher; best wa ea8
r paid. :$ft ; Kearny at, room 16, top floor. -
THREE men of neat appearance and good ad-
dress will HnU steady employment, good sala-
ries, by calling on W. A. BEEBE. 4C5 &|< nt-
Romery Bt.. room 6; houra, Monday, between
8 to 10 ana 4 to 6.
F^X"r? I t AS^ bushelmen wanted. il nI
\%OOD A CO.. 7is Market st.
S. N. WOOD A CO.. 713 Market st.
WANTED-Two an* 4 horse teamsters; a .ply
early Monday at 527 Fourteenth at., near
Guerrero. S. F. Construction Company.
WANTED-J coatmakers and 3 pantsmaker? for
the country. J. BAUMGARTEN * CO.. 7
B Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— Mattress maker. Apply J. d5r\n"
cornere University and Shattuck. avea.. liist
WANTED-Experfenced canners to work on
fruit: apply at once: steady work- good
wages. California Canneries Co., Ltd Eran-
nan »c/ bet. Third and Fourth.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED-200 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts.. oft Folsom.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107Ui Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. Me. Phone Mint 257.
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
In good locality; great chance. 501 Market Bt.
$450 — CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
account of sickness, ml Howard; no agents.
BAKERY to let: fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire 402 Eighth M., upstairs.
FRUIT and candy store: very reasonable; situ-
ated near four theaters. Box 1754. Call.
COFFEE and ten routes supplied from GEO.
W. .CA8WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
LODGIXC-IIOUSKS KOIl SALE. %
HOTEL nnd bar; .13 rooms $1500
SI rooms on Market St.; only POO
25 rooms on Hush St.; rent $53 950
12 rooms on McAllister st , .¦ 400
10 rooms: fine corner; clears $150 1CO0
16-room house on Turk st 75»
JO rooms on Jones St.; clean* JSo 35ft
10 rooms on Mason 6t.; payments 4iO
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
28 ROOMS, central, best in any city $ICOO
31 rooms; Income $225; rent $100 $900
20 rooms; boarders; fine lntrn; residence.. $1000
14 rooms; extra good; worth $1500; full.... $700
12 rooms. 3d full: rent $35; nr. Market.... $350
14 rooms; very fine and respectable. $1323
Several of 8, 9 nnd 10 rooms; $276 up to.... J500
Money to loan; 1CS other houses
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bldg.
CO ROOMS; paying cor. ; of flees : cheap rent;
price $3000. WINSTON & CO., 1025 Market St.
SO ROOMS: first floor pays rent; fine corner;
price $3500. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market.
THESE must be sold by June 15: One house, 12
rooms; one 14, one 15, one 18, one £S, three 30
rooms; call, Investigate and make offer.
SCHWEINIIARD & CO., 917 Market st.
CARRIAUI3S AND YVAGOXS.
FOR SALE— Covered wagon, suitable for con-
fectionery or laundry use. Apply at the J.'
NOONAN FURNITURE CO..' 1021 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOR sale — Cheap for cash, coupe, horse and
harness, with good paying stand. 67 Minna
t -:, st.; upstairs. -;
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. end A. m
M.— The c'iicerti and members of the _^m\^_
e.bcve named l'-dge are heit-by notified "tf jf
to attend the funeral of Hrother r^r^>
ADOLPH PINTO, late a member of Tuolum-
ne Lfxise No. 8 of this jurisdiction, in St.
John'e Hall, Mas-jnlc Temple, THIS DAY
(Pundsy). Juni> 10. Rt 1 o'cl;x-k p. ra. Master
Masons and friends of the deceased are in-
vited. Uy orcJ>;r of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 1S>. F. and A. •""
M.— Funeral notice: Officers and mem- _ M\
tier* «r» requested to atf»mlj]» at 21a- jSijf
fonic Temple at S • m. EUNDA.T, for/V^
the purpose at conducting the funeral cere-
monies of our late brother. PIMON SOLO-
MON. thence to late residence- of deceased.
i;)( O'KarreM Ft., and to Home of Pence
«'>inet.Ty l>y H-'3O train from Third and Town,
tend sts>. Hy order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
EXCELSIOH IxxJce No. 1G6. F. and A. m
jU.— Special meeting THIS DAT (Sun-
day). Jnne 30. at 1:20 o'clock p. m.. Tt3P
for the purpose of conducting the f u- ' *
n<ral of our deceased brother, GKOnGn
FBEDERICK MOREHOUSE. Sojourning
brethren ore fraternally Invited to attend.
Ur order of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
FIDELITY Ix>dge No. 23. 1. O. O. *g&*S£&*.
F.. ¦•::: Initiate MONDAY, June g^^^
1U l N*' M. PETERSEN. N. G. f^i^ 5 *
¦VTM. E. WEICHHART. Rec. Sec.
FOURTH OF JULY. Shell Mound % C7v
Park— Gr^at gathering and games of 3v Ui«
the Han Francisco Scottish Thlftle ""LiK^LEJ-
Club; groat programme of eports:
celebration day and night; particulars later.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.- •
MEETIXG SOTICES.
PATTERNS'. PATTERNS! PATTERNS!
Make your own dresses tn our dressmaking
dept. and save expense df patterns and dress^
maker; see our premium to those entering be-
fore June 15; leading system; easy payments-
patterns cut. 25c up. McDOWELL. 103 Post'
YOUNG girl to assist In care of two children
Apply 2506 Union st.
FEMALE operators on ladles' capes and Jack-
ets; good pay. MEYER BROS., 7-9 Battery.
WANTED— First-class hands on dressmaking
6 Eddy st., rooms 96-97.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPIilfAIi Frwiety In America. Kit Mar-
ket et.— L«-ftur» tonight. "St. Paul's 'Body.
Soul and Print.' " by A I). Robinson. L
B. L. Tuesday r.isrht: subject. "The Cause of
Failure: Judge Nbt,"
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Kochdale.
110 to $10; best strain youngsters. $2 to $13.
4S16 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
JSO PAIR of pedigreed Belgian hares free. For
particulars and our free book on Belgians
write to IVtaluma Incubator Co.. Petaluma.
EAN RAFAEL Belgian Hare Association—
Thoroughbred etock, $2 upward; correspond-
ence solicited. P. O. box 406, San Rafael. Cal.
BELGIAN Hare Standard, official hare maga-
zine: 6 mos. tZc; July issue €4 pages, lllus.
C12 S. C. Hall building. Knn?ns City, Mo.
FOR rale— Very fine stock of high-score, pedi-
greed Belgian haros. all ecored by Mrs. Bush.
1009H Sutter »t.. Ban Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore St..
Ean Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
book en cure and feeding.
FANCIERS of pet stock should read The Hare
and I'et Stock Herald; subscription 50c 416
T«nth St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL pedigreed stock. $1 GO up; does, bred.
$5 up. ROYAL RABBITRY. 314 O. 0. ave.
HARE Sanitarium — Treatment of sick hares;
positive Fnuffle cure.. DH. JACOBS. 1618 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 603 Oold-
en Gate ave.. S. F.; *00 rabbits for sale cheap.
IIOAIIIH.YG FOR CHILDREN.
NICE home, private family, for 1 or 2 children
from S to 1! years; 'mother's, care; no other
children. 1E12 Mission st.
.WANTED — Child* to board, under 2 years old;
jrood care; terms reasonable. 12SV4 Ninth st.
A WIDOW would like J children to board-
terms low. 217B Perry st.
WIDOW mean wants small child to board
S«8 Fell st.
WANTED— Home for girl two years, old In re-
*l>ectable family. Address box 260S. Call
office, giving terms. • • . <,.;'.
WANTED— A nlaoe for a «hild to board; will-
ing to pay $3 a month. Address MISS GIBBS
Ean Astelmo. •
FINE does, bred to good buck. $7 50; youngsters,
$1. genuine r*d!grees. The WESTALL BEL-
GIAN HAHE CO., West&ll Tract, High et..
Fruitvale; Mills College cars to Rose ave.;
closed Sundays.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework.
3484 Twenty-second St.
GOOD finisher on Bhlrts. American Shirt Fac-
tory, 1608 Market. Hotel St. Nicholas bldg.
WILL exchange cottage of 6 rooms and bath
near train. Oakland, for property In San Fran-
cisco. Call 3219 Twentieth st. -
FIRST-CLASS non-assessable pjild up oil stock
for fine looking gentle driving horse or horse
and phaeton. Room 611, Examiner bldg.
RESIDENCE property, exchange for stationery,
confectionery bus. 644 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
$1700— MISSION district; cottage 4 rooms and
bath: 'Improved: lot 20x100: or exchange same
for ranch. Address box 2649. Call offlce.
100 ACRES choice unimproved (arm land In
vicinity of Portland. Or., to trade for Cali-
fornia property: valuation $3000. J. COAIC-
LEY. 246 Townsend St.. San Francisco.
EXCHANGE.
A— $3 SO DAY Hay balers $3 50 day
Track boss, railroad, sawmill, boss here
*<5O and found,
Tailors, see boss here
3 coatmakers, country
3 pantsmakers, country
Laundryman. country hotel $33 and found
MARRIED HELP
Cock and wife, small hotel, mining town
&0 and found
Man as pdrter, wife as waitress, country
hotel $40 and fouml
First and second bakers, country shop. $0t>
and $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63«5 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and gtervurrapher.
Remington machine 130 and found
Tallyman W and fouml
Stableman $2i and foun<t
All the above Jobs see boss here for lumber
company.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «S Clay st.
TWO shampooers for Turkish bath: country;
$40. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GARDENER, country, $C0; a man to work on
a ranch, Ben Lomond, $20. MIS3 CULLEN,
323 Sutter at. _^
MAN and wife, ranch. $40; good place. M1S3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and helper, mining town, $63; fare her».
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— COOPER, $3 day: woodworker, $3 50 day: 4
laborers for mine company, fare 60c, $T>0 an.i
found: 12 single-hand miners, fare $2 SO. <¦ )
and found; coal miners; hard rock miners.
drillers rnckmen
haromersmen $2 £0 day
MURRAY & PvEADY, 634-636 Clay st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been eFtabllshed at 10%
Valenf-ln Bt.
COACHMAN and general man by steady, re-
liable Emllshman; .best of references. Ad-
dress HtM San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
city or country; reference.
Box 4400. Call.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
hontler or to. do general work around place;
WANTED— Young white girl to help with baby
during day time. 1917 Webster st.
LADY with $l«0O as partner In profitable busi-
ness; can have full control of the finances If
willing to act as bookkeeper and cashier. Box
2676. Call offlce.
OOOD finishers and skirt hands. BARON. La-
dles" Tailor, 22 and 24 Grant ave.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework and
care of children. 3K Twenty-ninth st.
YOUNG girl about IS for light housework. Call
at 812 Ellis st.. between 10 and 2.
WANTED— Boy to do offlce work at Ayrcs'
Business College, In exchange for tuition.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts:
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.; caflog.
PROF. MERKI, fuccessful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 100S Mlfglon. above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling.
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. : $3 mo. #1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. .16 ringes. sent to ¦ any address in the
ITnlted States or Canada one year for n.
EMPLOYME&T OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kind help:
421 Pott, near Powell : telephone Bush 135. 1 .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help, m Powell. nr. : Sutter; tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
best help furn. : tel. John 7121. • 806V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment < Office—
'¦; Best help. 411'^ O'Farrell «t.; tel. East «1.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, puitar. banjo, man-
rtolln lessons. 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS, 201
Sutter st. ; Main 100. ¦ •
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln «t.;
the coming pchool; thorouRh; up-to-date; all
branches: oositlons secured for KraUuates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S84.
VAN- DER JCAII-I.f:v SHHOOL. 933 Market.
AYRES", the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket rt. ; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
ALL 6tudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FKANCISCO BDSI-
NKSS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS music teacher will take payment
for tuition In trade;- best city references fur-
nished. Address box" 2647, Call offlce.
HEALD'S ISuslness College. 24 Post rt.. B. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, eto; new SO-page catalogue free. •
For particulars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
&18 Howard st.
Dally clinics, free for the poor, will be held
in the college building, from 9 a. m. to 8:30
p. m. (
THE Pacific Coast Regular College. of Medi-
cine. San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (incorporated under
the laws of California), will open Its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
In the evenlnjr. _
EDUCATIONAL.
PERMANENT employment to reliable parties
to sell toilet preparations and flavoring ex-
tracts on commission. Call 3 to 5 p. m. at 28
Montgomery st., room 7.
FINISHERS wanted on custom pants. BE-
LASCO * HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
MO HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares In
Pt»te; acclimated tA Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring So; start right: booklet
and descrlntive list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed stock on rale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer D, Watsonvllle, Cal.
SAN PABLO AVENUE RABBITRY— S does
With Ilitfrp. J12 to $.",0 each; nuri-e does, bred
and unbred: Britain. Yukon, Kitchener and
Htyles bucks at ttud; a few youngsters at $2 50
to Ji i>er pair. TOM P. BUTTON, 615 San
1'alilo ave.. Oakland; ferry fares paid to San
Francisco purchasers.
ENTIRE rabbltry for sale: account of 111
health; iilKh pedigreed does; Yukon, Lord
P.rltaln. Lord Kitchener, Sir Styles and Ru-
fus strain?; all with litters; portable hutches;
wire breeding-boxes, etc.; everything goes;
make an offer. Lob Anceles Rabbltry, 13G1
ISroadwaj". cor. Seventeenth St.. Oakland.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over "TConnor&Mnffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St.: dresses
mndo. $.1 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
WANTED — Oood position by experienced man;
either bookkeeper or salesman: good refer-
ences. Address box 1716, Call offlce.
POSITION by a flrst-olas3 mechanic, with 15
years' experience as machine shop foreman,
superintendent and erecting heavy and light
machinery; expert at handling men; fair
draughtsman; gocd business ability; strictly
temperate and reliable: good references. Ad-
dress box 3197. Cnll offlce.
A PRACTICAL milliner to go to the country:
good salary; steady position. Apply HOLM &
NATHAM. 512 Market Bt.
OPKRATORS on shirts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
LIVE man for manager of hotels. or restau-
rants; city or country hotels; good, all-around,
sober man. Box 31S3, Cnll.
SALOON doing good business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply at £01
Market St., corner First.
BEST spec, on Kearny; old established; good
6tock: easily run: half profit* ; expenses low;
only 2 In city. 411 Kearny st. ;
PARTNER not over 30 years old In manufac-
turing business: new on the coast; $350 re-
quired. Box 3193, Call offlce.
TO rent — For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
locat'on; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stalls; rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building.
J35OO— LARGEST fam 1 ' . --esort : 00 miles from
S. F. ; vaudeville *. < -very Saturday and
Sunday; Including hot.^ • S garden on leased
ground, 2 flne barroom?, bowling alley and
hotel; latest Improvements. Particulars call
at Kell and Franklin sts.; grocery.
KERN COUNTY oil lande— A chance to get an
interest In 11,000 acres of choice oil lands;-buy
now and get in nn the ground floor; these
lan<l.« are located In the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. BUN8ET AND KERN RIVER.
Kern County, and belong to the OCCIDENTAL
. OIL COMPANY, incorporated under the laws
of West Virginia; stock absolutely non-assess-
able; investigation solicited.
D. II. MOSTKLLER. Agent.
Room 361, Parrott bulldlne, P. F.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; steady
work. G.->1 Folsom St., cor Hawthorne.
MME. REMBERT. £30 Sutter ft., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring: eve. class. 103 Post.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— Reliable nurse for two children;
San Rafael. Box 2653. Call offlce.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery, 636 Clay street.
TERMINAL Rabbitry. end narrow-gauge road,
Hlgh-st. sta., W. D. DILLA. Prop., Alameda—
Pee the most racy buck in Central California,
Viscount Lurgan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, score
I'3'i. tl 6J. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Young ftork. fi weeks to I months. $1 DO up;
bred does, well marked. $S: bred does, better
marked, J7 iO; bred does, etUl better marked,
$10 to !2); trios, 2 does and buck, $25 to $100.
Opon evenings; visitors welcome.
WANTED— Woman of upright principles and
acute business ability. Box 2S53, Call offlce.
SHOE shop; good prices; good work; small
stock shoes. 332 Buph Et.
A — S~.">; BARBER shop; must be sold at once;
owner going to Paris. 3l9Vi Ellis St.
FOR sale— The Central Hotel in Napa, con-
taining 30 rooms; central location; price rea-
sonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
Al GROCERY and bar; no agents. Box 3185.
Call offlce.
DR. HUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine T5c; city visits tl 50; all
nnlmals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 63&
DR! CREELY'S C. P. dog coap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for sale by all druggists
or f* the hospital. E10 Golden Gate ave.
DOG HOSPITALS.
STEADY employment In the city wanted by a
young married Swede; can show good refer-
ence if required. Box 31SS. Call.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place: sober; not afraid of work;
many rears with same employer: best refer-
ences. " Address LOUIS, 3fi9 Mission st. !
FIRST-OLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family: thorough experience: strict-
ly sober: use no tobacco: not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R.. 869 Mission st.
WOMAN for housekeeping; small family; good
home. 1311 Brush st.. Oakland.
AT once— A reliable girl for general house-
work; references. 797 McAllister st.
YOUNG married man wishes situation; private
place, small ranch or other capacity; knows
his business thoroughly; references. J. J.,
box 1758, Call offlce.
WANTED— Lady of pleasing address to estab-
lish agency for wonderful discovery for la-
dies' use. Box 3177, Call.
We sell nothing but first-class stock; nothing
less than $10 each for thoroughbred pedigreed
etock; youngsters from fcSO" up.
We have a. few of thel$l&0 to $5 stock on
hand that these so-calle<r "bargain" dealers
advertise, Juet so as you can eee the difference.
Corrie and see us; visitors more than wel-
come. H. E. PYBURN & CO.,
226 McAllister st. !
THE LAUREL DELL RABBITRY has moved
Its branch salesrooms to 226 McAlll6ter Bt. ;
open Sundays and every evening hereafter
until t:ZO o'clock.
REMOVAL NOTICE,
TOUNO girl to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply to-day at 1423^ Mission st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober man wishes position In
wholesale houpe; olty; best of references. Ad-
rtress J. VITRINGA. 1318 Seventh ave.. East
Oakland.
CIGAR stand. Southeast corner of Third and
Townsend sts.. opp. Southern Pacific.
FOR sale or rent. In fine location— Blacksmith
chop, tools dwelling and family orchard; busi-
ness pays well; object, retiring. Box 31S7, Call.
FOK sale or exchange — General merchandise
business: 1 hour from S. P.; splendid loca-
tion; well estab.: best reasons for selling; In-
vestigation invited; will exchange- for Oakland
cr 6. F. Income property, unincumbered. O.
M., box 2T67. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— Woman for housework; good home
for right party; $15 per month. Apply 936
Sanchez St.. near Twenty-third.
YOUNG Danish coachman and pardener wants
situation; sober and industrious: can milk;
be?t references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth St.. Oakland.
$lS00 — FOR SALE — A finely located restaurant;
will clear $200 j>er month: owner has 2 places.
Inquire at 10SS Howard st.
GERMAN cook. Institution across the bay. {30.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter Bt.
KMR MARQriSK hold circle to-night 8. 10c.
E Hyd* Bt. ; «verytH«1y oorr.e.
AT Friendship Hall. £35 MrAHinter— Mm. Mey-
er; convincing te«t to-n'.uht, ioc; Bitting*.
C. MAYO-FTKERK, 112'4 Oak; readings. $1;
phone Howard t."T; time limited.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1C20 Clay-Circle to-night
fc; Tu«8(!ay 2 p. m. ; consultations dally.
ilUS. VICAR'S Bjilritual te*t meeting tonight,
10c. US Hlxth eu. rx«-ra 7; Fittings dally.
A GRAND trFt meeting to-night. Eberhardfs
Hall, Twenty-second ft., cor. Bartlett.
MME. VOrxG'g convincing: tert circle to-
r.'.Eht, Cti McAllister; l"c; come, skeptics.
MRS. MART EVANS, circle Mnn. 2 and S p m..
10c; also Saturday eve.: road, daily. 14i Sixth.
KATIH HEI.'FSMAN.N'S sittlnorJ! daily this
work; no d*v. rlass till notice. 1133 1 ) Howard.
GRAND test Kearicp; 117 Lnrkin; 8 p. m. : ques-
tions enswertsi : crticU» read: good mediums.
aritS. Ilini-AXirS circle to-nlftnt; spirit mes-
Rapes; proj hetic te<=:s; ir»e;rea'l. dally. 136 6th.
MUS. GILLINGHAM'fi Fplritual test meeting
Pythiaa Castle. M Market; 8 p. m. ; bring
sealed qurFtlons; assisted by 2 mediums: 10c.
A— DR. RINF.S. *till at 909 Market: Spiritual
Societv. I. K. T. ». P. fi. : Mrs. Feeley. Vlg-
w*. Katie H ussn--ar.n. llann^a. Archold; 11,
In?e; ?-S. 10c; all tests.
GOLDEN RULE Health Circle. DR. W. P.
HAWCRTil ic CO. — Klectric. magnetic and
j*ychi< ireatmentf daily. Palmer House, cpp.
Poftoffke Oakland; advice free.
"THE Grrat Awakening, or the Universal Sup-
ply in Air" will be Ur. Carey's subject Wed.
eve J-jt.e 13 at School of Science of Being
and Chemistry ft Life. 104 McAllister eu
The great metaphysical booK. "New Name."
l>y Dr. Carey is for sale at all up-to-date
book stores and by tre author.
JL BEAUTIFVLLT Illustrated lecture on
"Hurr.an Vital Power fn Curing and Pre-
venting Disease." by the world -famous Ori-
ental S-err. at th» new Oriental Syndicate
Lecture Parlors, ccr. Grant ave. and Geary
*t.. to-nicht at S: ladies and gentlemen; beats
free. Kr.tra.nce "CIVj Orant ave.
DR. J. DEPEW KXRGAN resumes his Sunday
evening lectures this evening at Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle. POn Market Ft.; subject. "Life
and Death." followed by magnificent views of
a vlf.lt to tlie Paris Exposition. Thos* at-
tending may procure free tickets to the X-
ray exhibition at the Par.iTarium. corner Mar-
ket ;UJ<3 Masr>n fts.. next Tuesday evening.
Scats free. No collection.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as gar-
dener and coachman: wire plain cook and gen.
eral housework; city or country; references;
J 9 years in last position. Address box 27S2,
Call office, Oakland.
A NURSE, country, tl per day; one willing to
do housework. MISS CULLEN. K5 Sutter st.
WANTED— A large number of girls for all
classes of work too numerous to advertise;
good wages and plenty of work for every-
body who wishes situations: call early Mon-
day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 31S Sutter.
1300— PAYING saloon. WICHMAN, LUTGEN
& CO.. 31S Clay st.
$30 — Bl'Y half Interest in good paying saloon.
Call -'30 Howard st.
$350— SNAP; hotel: good bar business. Room
412, He.iibt buildinz.
GOOD coatmaker nnd bushelman: city or coun-
try; will work cheap for a steady Job.
STEWART. 3.VJ 1 ;. First St.
AN Industrious man. middle aged, seoks em-
ployment; pretty good at figures and writing:
is a gocd carpenter. Box 2617, Call office.
DENTISTS.
AT the ETEC^rltO^D^Nl?AL~CLINIC. S03 Mar'
ket tt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crownn,
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours ? a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. LUDLl'M HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over Ilk? new; teeth
frcm $S per set: extracting. COe; gas given.
G£T our prices for rainless dentistry before
going elsewhere. New York Dental Parlor,
Sixth and Mission sts.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. on
¦ vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PAHIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fllllngs. 25c.
SET of tepth without plate. DR. 11: G. TOUNO,
1S41 Polk Et. ¦
FOR sale — Photo Eall*ry: easy terms. Address
box 27S4, Call office, Oakland.
SALOON for sale; near Grand Hotel; price
$3C0; rent $30; giltedge proposition.
1S22 Market st.
W.'C BEXTHAM, Prop.
AT MARKET-STREET RABBITRY.
1S32 Market street.
A shipment of imported and domestic Belgians.
Latest Imported bucks, scoring 65%.
EDIXBOROS at Ftud f 10 00
FASHODAS at Ftu4 $10 09
Golden Hoys at stud $10 00
¦Watch fcr our weekly auction 6ale Wednesday
next from 2 to 5 p. m. Private sales dally.
Inquire as to our trios for $25; also young
Fasfcodas and Britains at $5 and up.
A— ?125; BARBER shop; must be sold at once;
owner going to Paris. 319% Ellis St.
CARPENTER wants work. Address box 261L
Call offlce.
$5— COTTAGE of two large rooms. Key 1S23
Broadway.
STEADY, reliable man; understands care of
horses; can milk; good driver; willing and
obliging; city or country; well recommended.
Box 2S10. Call.
$6— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 5 rooms, near
Holly Park, 23 Roscoe. 64 Silver St., off Third;
water free.
RESTAURANT and bar; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Box 261G, Call office.
I HAVE small capital to Invest In a business
be explicit in your answer. Box 261S. Call.
TO let— Cottage of five rooms. 2307 Polk st,
SITl'ATlON wanted— Good baker; can use port-
able oven. Box 2602, Call office.
STRONG boy, 13. living. with parents, would
like to learn some good trade. Box 43S2, Call.
ATTENDANT to invalid gentleman by grad-
uated nurse and masseur; willing to travel;
previous experience; Al medical references;
moderate terms. Box 3179. Call offlce.
FELL. 2S7 — Cottage 3 rooms, basement; large
yard; rent $11.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms. 21 Byington st., between
Webster nnd Flllmore. Ellis and O'Farrcll.
COTTAGES TO LET-
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Companion and houseglrl for Gllroy, see par-
ty here Monday; cook, Santa Clara, $25; 2
nnch cooks. $25; cook'and second girl, city,
$40; nursegirl for springs. All housegirls seek-
ing positions call and select a position and If
not suited register with
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. MM Geary St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, city, $20; * chambermaids. J1S;
4 waitresses, $7 week, and 5 lunch waitresses.
$4 50 week, for large new restaurant; head
waitress. $30; 112 waitresses, different summer
resorts, $20; waitresses for Marysville, Gait,
Selma. San Mateo. Fresno: chambermaid to
wait, Pacific Grove, $20; pantry girl, flrst-
class resort, $2T>, free fare both ways: 2 fancy
lroners, summer resorts; $23 and $30; fancy
ironer, country. $10 week.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
"Lord Doncaster" is one of the finest Fires
ever Imported. Arrived from England May 17,
1900. Sire, Palace Cup buck cf li9S; doe, win-
ner of Lancaster Silver Cup of 1S9S.
He won & prize every time he was shown In
England.
Wonderful color. Magnificent shape.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'N.
Alameda, CaL
BELGIAN HARE DOES BRED TO OUR
"LORD DONCASTER" FOR $20 00.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY'.'.!
7Hr, Th*»--P"ph'.ral Society— Public l<»ctures ev-
ery Sun'lay evening at S o'clock In Theosophlc
HoJi. O<J 1 Fe".;<,w»' building. To-night. "The
Ke*'jrr*-<- - ion p.nd Ascension of The Chrift."
by V. illlam John Walters. Gol3en Chain for
children Pt 11 e.. tn.
•••WHAT If the rt-iui?" "Will Any Soul Suffer
Internal Torment?" Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell of
London will lecture' on thene subjects. Golden
Gate Hall. Sutter et.. Sunday. 7:30 p. m.: fr*e.
HOME of Truth. 1221 Pine St.— Devotional ser-
vices. 11 a. Bt, and 7:4a p. m. Nellie Kemp
will preach in th» morning acd Harriet H.
Rix in the evening. . Class opens Tuesday,
2v?.9 12 at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Hail. Mason and Ellis streets—
A<3<lr<-B* by Ui»v. F\ B. Cnerfneton. I>. D-. this
&?t<-rnocn at J o'clock. FuV>J<vt. ••Something
In M^n the Baker Cannot Feed." "Seats free
ar.4 all young nfn Invited to attend.
ST^riST M<iital Science Tempi* — Meets at 2
p. m. to-day. Gilder. Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
t-trwl. Subject. "Faith, our Guide." Clara
Fcltz, president. Public invited.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. lied 3353.
COXKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 333 Golden
Onte nve. : telephone East 12«.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co .. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WAIXTOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4e.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 344.
EMPLOYMENT WAHTED — MALE.
PHYSICIAN wants position: Is a regular, well
qualified; 14 years' practice, part of the time
as physician in the Government service: will
take "charge of practice during absence of
owner or Is willing tn take position as ship
sur~eon. Box 2601. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦'
Fl'UMTIKU WAVriiD.
WANTED— Good furniture for 4-room flat; pay
$100 cash. Address box 317S. Call offlce.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission ft., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
FOR sale— In Santa Cruz, saloon; well estab-
lished and finest trade. ELY, 640 Market st
RARE chance; very valuable cor. ci^ar store
for snle account leaving city. Box 26ol, Call.
STATIONERY, notion and candy store; must
be sold; party leaving State. 433 McAllister.
CIGAR stand. SE. cor. Stockton and O'Farrell;
on account of creditors. Particulars at PO-
SENER & LEVIN. 106 Pine st.
DRUG store fcr sale; city; good location: good
business; good stock; good prices; good rea-
sons for selling; good opportunity. Box 1761,
Call office. •
FOR rent — Building and large lot, 25x137^: good
location P.nd well suited for coal yard: on
3'ourt<vr.th st., n?ar Market; $10 per month.
RIVERS BROS., 227 Market st.
NOTIONS, stationery, toys, periodicals and
laundry offlce, with 3 living rooms; central,
nr. Market; estab. 12 vis.; cash trade; enap
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 2oc to $1 50 night; $1 oO to *b
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
$25. $30 and $35 and fou:-.l
porters, elevator boys, etc.: 4 bakers' helpers.
$30, $33. $25 and found; washer, country laun-
dry, $30 and found; barber to run country
shop; porter and watchman, country hotel;
taller, institution. $25 and found: cook for
lumber company. $60 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 621-636 Clay St.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
head waiter. $30. fare paid; 8 butchers, $35 tr»
$50; 8 bakers, city and country chops. $40 ami
•50; 35 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $33 to $60 and foun-i
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
READ THESE CAREFULLY
S65 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3.
$2 SO, $2. $1 75 day; many city jobs, to board
home
FREE FARE TO NEVADA STATH
BO laborers, no experience required, good
wages, office fee $1
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50. J34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
MECHANICAL HELP
blacksmiths for a large company, $3 to $3 * )
day. free fare; 19 blacksmiths and hor3<»-
shoers. $2 SO a day. $70. $15, $33 and found;
also 5 helpers. $12 a week. $35 and found: "1
woodworkers, carriage-makers, $3, $2 50 day.
$40 and found
carriage and wagon painter, $43 and found;
3 ranch carpenters
50 laborers. S. P. R. R.. $2 day Free Fara
..8. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIO WAGE3
85 laborers for mines, no experience "-eriulred.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found: 29 miners, single-hand $30 and $75
....CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES....
FOR A NEW MINE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «3S Clay nt.
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $35. $C0. $23
and found:- S gardeners. 1 stableman, alt for
private families. $30. $2S. $20 and found.
COME, SEE
CHERRY FRUIT BERRY PICKER3
60 men and boys for different parts of the
country to pick all kinds of fruits and berries,
good wages, office fee SI
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
J9 milkers for different places. $35. $30 Bad
found: 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found: 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent Jobs. $.15 ard J4f> and found
16 stablemen, city and country jobs, $40, $35.
$30, $25 and found
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $-S to $40 per
month and found.....
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 an<t
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. in
fact we want help of every description' for
sawmills, woods, etc.. JSO. $73. $90. J120. J50.
*50. 140. J30 and found; CS4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools an.1 food found, some at mines.
$3. $2 50, $2. $1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shlngla
Jointer: shingle packer
25 laborers for sawmill, fare paid... $40 and fd
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CRKWS..
Header wagon drivers. J2 day and found: 2>O
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men. etc.. $1 25. $1 iO, $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
...STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS...
GARDENS
Free fare Office fee $1 only
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FAKES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
A— FREE FARE NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers t- a day
FL'UMTIKK FOR SALU.
« ROOMS furnished In oak for US BO. with No.
7 runes. Klne Furnltnr- rv... n»7-11J1 M*rk»t.
WORKING housekeeper or seamstress wishes
position; country or city. 120 Sixth nt.
POSITION as nurse to take care of children and
do ceneral housework. Address MRS. PAR-
RISH, 1 Fifth St., room 20.
BY couple: no children; permanent small,
sunny house or fiat; Western Addition: mod-
ern and attractive. Box 2654. Call office.
BELGIAN HARES.
americaTs^g ran dest.
LORD EDINBORO (imp.); fee $25 00
DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee »la 00
And 25 otters; fee $5 00, $10 0U
Crackajack youngsters. Imported bucks and
does. Bred does.
Full line of Rabbit Supplies.
BEST HARE MANUAL FREE.
Open daily until 8 p. m. Visitors welcome.
EAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM G. HAMMOND. Msr.
Rabbltry— 1015 Shotwell st.
Office— Spreckels Market.
FLATS WANTED.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.: tei. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St., tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
S42-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146;
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th *t.: tel. Mission 74.
CARPET HEATIXG AND CLEANING;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3o3-357 Tehama it.: teL S. 40.
L. S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
WANTED — Experienced grocery-man with $r>000
cash; will be given extremely valuable Inter-
est In large mercantile establishment: emi-
nent business opportunity. Address \V. N.
A., box 2612. Call office.
SAINT CHARLES Hotel; completely furnished:
35 rooms, parlor, kitchen, bar, etc.; street
cars pass door; few blocks from Del Monte
Hotel. 2 blocks from beach; will rent, sell or
exchange. For particulars write JOHNSON
& CARR, Monterey. Cal.
CHURCH of J*-*u* Christ cf Latter-day Saints—
Services 11 a. m. and 7 45 p. m. at Pythian
Hall i"'» Market St.. Sunday. June 10: Elder
A. W. Bohman will address the evening con-
gregation '-n the subject, "Topics of Mormon-
lsm." All are welcome.
IIR^T Church r>r Christ, .Scientist, Central
block. 2*.'3 s?t., l>et. Kearny and Grtnt
«vc- ChiiFtian Pc:enc«> F.lble lesson at 11
m. m.; eubioct, ".Sacrament." Sunday school
for children -it th.- same hour. Wednesday
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Ftw reading
room, 2f<6 Kearny «., room 610. All welcome.
•THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a., m. Pub-
j«*ct. '-Practical Ii^n-.onMrations of Unity."
Pervioes every Sunday at Home College, 33C0
Seventeenth St.. lx-t. Mission and Valencia.
EEVEXTH-PAY Adventlst Church. 814 La-
cuni et.. between i:eAlll£t«»r j,t. and Golden
Gate ave.— I'rtfichlng service Sunday evening.
7:45 o'clock, by Elder A. O. Tail, editor of
"The Signs of the Times." Subject, "The
United States In th« Light of l'rophecy."
S«-atP fr«>f. A cor<J:a! welcome to all.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes to assist In
housework In American family: no children;
wages $12. Address MISS SOFIA JOHNSON.
Frultvale, Alameda County, Cal.
GERMAN lady wants washing at home; no acid
used. 2334 Greenwich st.; tel. Baker 1139.
AN elegantly furnished 5-room modern Cat.
near Bush and Taylor sts.: 6 months or
longer: rent of furnishings nominal. Box
1757. Call office.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath. 1718 Leavenworth st.
FLATS TO J.ET — FURNISHED.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do house-
work, plain cooking in small family; wages
$15. 101 Grove st. ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
bard's picture: 25^: Indies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
R. W. KING. 027 Market St.. room 627; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE tree; DO charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S^7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty. at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
$350 — CIGAR store: centrally located; owner
leaving city; Investigate it. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO., 460 and 462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
$1200— STORE and 4 good rooms with lot 25x100;
well located and a snap; all for $1200. ALDEN
CO., HIS Broadway, Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework;
waees $20. Call at 12 Rltch St., off Folsom.
between Third and Fourth.
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush St.. near
Pevisadero. — 1'rearhlng at 11 a. m. by the pas-
tor W M. White. Subject. "Joy in Trials."
There «rtll be no service in the evening. The
members are asked to Join in a mass meeting
at the Flr?t Christian Church. Oakland, in
the interest of city evanseliration. Sunday-
Rchool tt i:30 a. m.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily . 212H Sixth st.
$950— BEST located lodging-house. Oakland; 24
rooms. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— BEST cor. saloon In Oakland. ALDEN
CO., HIS Broadway, Oakland.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader: palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
$10— FOUR rooms. 7 Bonlta St.. off Polk, be-
tween Vallejo and Green.
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear: also 4-roora.
flat. bath. $18. Apply 2524 California st.
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers: boys to peddla
fruits. $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work In
a factory, $3 to $."> a week. MURRAY &
READY, «34 and €26 Clay st.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water san run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
found; steady Job year around If you are will-
Ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
A— FREE FARE CALL EARLY
To Salt Lake City (Utah) Division Fre»
Wadsworth .(Nev.) Division Free
Sacramento (Cal.) Division Frea
Western, Fresno, Madcra, Bakersfleld Divis-
ion Fre<»
Coast Divisions of California Fre«
Truckee Division of California Frea
Laborers, teamsters, etc.. regular wages paid.
office fee $1 Free Far*
MURRAY & READY, 834-638 Clay St.
PUOF. A. MASEHY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cnist and palmist In the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 15 Powell st.
ASTROLOGY.
$S-^UPPER flat. 256 Harriet St.; $7. lower flat.
244H Harriet st., near Sixth and Harrison.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper In a widower's
family; city or country; a comfortable home.
Box 23. 106 Eleventh st.
WOMAN with a girl 3 years' old would like to
assist in housework. 29 Lafayette sti
WANTED— A situation for general housework
or cooking; wages $25; city or country. Ad-
dress 25 Decatur St., off Bryant, near Eighth.
6 ROOMS and bath; modern; larxe yard; rent
moderate. 1014 Sanchez st.. near 23d.
4 ROOMS and bath. $14; 5 large rooms, bath
and laundry: large yards, $22 50; clean and
fresh: overlooking private park: very pleas-
ant location. DEMPSTER. 35 Glen Park av.
A— 10 CROSSCUT sawyers. $40 found; 8 Italian
laborers, $45; 10 swampers. {35 and found;
fruit pickers and cherry pickers, $23 and $S0
and found
VERY IMPORTANT
Cook. $50: also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
men for factories, foundries: polisher, help to
starch. $35 found, country laundry: 1« labor-
ers for a mine, $60; 12 muckers for a mine,
$60. MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay St.
riRPT Cor.rrepatSonal Church, corner Post and
Mat-on ets.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor will rrearh at both services. At 11
a m.. theme. "The Relation of the Holy
Spirit to Christian Kxperlcr.ce." At 7:45 p.
in., theme. "The Heavenly Vision." All are
cordially invited.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and Baker
«s — R»*v. J. t 1 . Thcmas. ;>a-«tr>r. ¦ 11 c m..
ITjf error K. R. Lloyd will preach: subject.
"6«»Ir.g God." At 7:45 p. ir... address on
"Paul." llluctrated with stereoptlcon views.
Sunday eckool at 12:30. Christian Endeavor
raeetinr at 6:45. Wednesday evc-nlng prayer
meeting at 7:45. A cordial welcome to all.
YOUNG girl wants to nurse: plain cooking;
general housework: speaks English; $12. 3b
Birch ave., upstairs.
WANTED— By a woman, washing and house
cleaning; $1 50 a day. Address 162 Tehama.
TWO nice clean sunny upper flats; 4 rooms
each; $10. 110 and 118 Perry st.
A WEEK'S nev.s for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year.
LADY agents— If you want the best money
makers grt the Ilygcla Electric Corsets and
skirts; the standard for 29 yars* Address
WESTERN CORSET CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
S2500 CAN be made during next 6 month* by
hustling agents handling our white and fancy
rubber collars, cuffa, liosoms, neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed poods; inclose stamp for spe-
cial plan. M. &. M. Mfg. Co., Springfield, Mass.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms: range; bath; water;
rent $9. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner
of Powell and Geary streets— Rev. John
HempalU. pa#lor. Iiev. T. F. Day, D. D.,
will at 11 a. ra. and 7:4i p. m. All
are cordially invited.
COMPETENT nurse wishes nursing by week
or month; also good housekeeper. 942 How-
ard st.
$1500— BROADWAY restaurant at a bargain.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
CORNER grocery and bar; fine location; cause,
Sickness; bargain. Cowing & Co., 719 Market.
WANTED— Lady partner with $500; take charge
candy store. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
CORNER grocery and bar: fine location: cause,
elckness; bargain. Cowing A Co., 719 Market.
FOR sale or exchange — A business clearing $3C0
. to $500 a month. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
GROCERY and bar; fine location: good chance
for widow. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
$150— BUTTER, egg and provision route; horse,
wagon; bargain. McLaughlln & Co., 777Vj Mkt.
AGENTS make 1200 per month Belling our
novelty machines; on application will send
cut and prices. THOS. R. FOOTE CO., Los
Angeles, Cal., 37 Bauchet 6t.
GIRL wishes light housework or second work.
1755B Howard st.
SUNNY corner of 6 rooms and bath: all modern
Improvements. 4600 Eighteenth, above Castro.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY upper fiat; 8 rooms; bath: all sunny;
rent $23. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
$650— RESTAURANT; north of Market St.: bar-
gain; going to Cape Nome cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co.. itv* Market st.
$250— BUTCHER market: established 25 years;
good location. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774
Market st. ¦
AN expert fitter, dressmaker and ladles' tailor
desires work by the day In families; terms
reasonable. Box 2613, Call office.
CARD reader and nalmist removed from 953
Mission st. to 136 Sixth, room S.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh nt.. original gypsy
lifo render; readings. 25c; no sign.
CATHERINE DEAN, Scientific life and card
reader; 23c & 50c. 9S9 Howard, cor. 6th, office 23.
MME. 'RENNER, planet reader, palmist: sat,
gntd.; ladies only; 25c and 50c. S1S% Geary,
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. 828
Mission st., near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader:
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., r. 14.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader; born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings; L., 50c;
G.. $1; palm & clairvoyant sit.. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
Eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
SMALL sunny rear flat. 70 Laskle st., off Mis-
sion, near Ninth.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent; perfect
fitting and trimming; costumes remodeled;
latest styles; $1 25 day. J. H. P., 933 Geary.
HARPER'S Weekly. Monthly and Bazar,
with jirfmlums, bring quick returns to good
solicitors. 206 Kearny st.
FREE— Lady agents wanted for best toilet
.preparations made; highly profitable: estab-
J!s>hfd fifteen years; $10 worth goods. E.
MFG. CO.. 60 West JM St., N. Y.
$2000— RESTAURANT and cafe; prosperous
town near the city; bargain; part cash if de-
sired: other business cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
NEW modern sunny flats; bath. yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms: reas. 1931. 1935 O'Farrell.
tTRlNlTY Church, corner Bush and Gough
«r«i»- Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D..
rrx^tor. Holy foir.mor.los, 8 a. m. Morning
•service. 11 o' clock. . Evening prayer, 4 o'clock.
Tti« rector »111 1 Teach.
6T PAUL'S Church. California st., near Fill-
more— Iiev. V. M. Reiily, rector; Rev. A, C
Wilson, assistant. Holy communion. 7:30 a.
ra.; Sunday school, 9:30 a, m. ; morning prayer
end sermon. 11 o'clock: evening prayer and
tennon. 7:«.V The rector will preach at both
morning kltA evening sorrlces. Music by St.
la-..' 1- vested quartet and chorus choir.
tools needed; company supplies tools
SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for th»
sawmills and woods, 140 and found, fare paid:
6 boys for factory, $5 50 week: tally man for
lumber company. $40 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— LOOK... HERE... ANY ...HANDY.. .MEN
Can fill this Job. 25 laborers, handy with
tools, to build flume, $30 to M0 and found; no
A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main 5«43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
72C3 iren for all parts of California. Utah.
Washington, Arizona anil Hawaiian "slands,
Oregon. Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICK FEK C-TLY $1
and no other expenses, to Los Ans*."*" ami
Santa Barbara districts, we ship y'j :o-<lny.
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m.. for H. IV U. H..
laborers and teamsters $3 and »- 13 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C« Clay st.
MODERN B-room upper sunny flat. 125 Ash
ave., bet. Van Ness ave. and Polk st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
$1500— MILK route; near the city; established
business; sickness cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777V4 Market St.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
v/111 show you how-to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with epecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk St., near Jones.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few engagements by
the day; will take sewing home; terms reason-
able. Address box 2615, Call office.
YOUNG girl of 16 wishes situation to assist
In light housework or cans for child. Please
apply at 4417 Seventeenth st., near Ashbury.
FIVE rooms and bath; yard; upper flat, sonny
corner; rent $11. 114 San Jose ave.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
HELP WASTED- -S1AL.15.
CHRISTIAN lady, middle aged, desires hom«
with elderly people; light work; small wages.
Box 2656, Call office.
TWO solicitors for summer trip, educated, of
good address, with tact and adaptability; to
handle a first-class preposition paying $7o to
$100 i>er week. Address with references box
2606. Call.
ADVERTISING, lnsuranc- or book man who is
capable of earning no; >-s than $50 per week,
with ability, to •.;.••» high-class contracts;
Etate experience and name 2 references. Ad-
dress box 2£07, Call.
FLAT of 4 rooms; nlca yard. 262 Ivy ave.; key
at 363 Grove st.
A WEEK'S- news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
H pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FINE sunny flat. > large rooms: bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl would like housework li»
small family. 1113 6th ave., 8. San Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do light housework: city or country. 010 Sd.
ELEGANTLY remodeled flats; 772 Capp St.:
6 and 4 rooms and bath; rent cheap.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, $1. 1104 Market.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis st., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
YOUNG woman wishes day work In private
family. Apply 106% Third st.
A NEW upper flat of five rooms and bath.
133 Olive ave.. nr. Van Ness.
envneu services.
fcCCOND Unitarian Church, corner Twentl-
e:h arul Cepp streets— Kev. B. M. S. Hodgln.
riafctor (residence. 600 Capp «r*«t). 10 a. m..
bunday school; II a. tn., rooming sermon.
iluySo In niomlnc, trio iviclin. "cello and or-
F&c). from "Faust" (Gounod): vocal duet.
vl'.ii orchestra Zrom "Stafcat Mater" <Ro»-
ris:); 'c<?ilo solo. William Wertsch; soprano
fcoio, "Com* l.'nto Me" (Cc#nan). 7:45 p. m..
lecture. The oornlsc sermon and evening
lecture will be g.ven by Rev. N. A. Haakell
of Hsm Jose. Evening music by the new vol-
unteer choir. Visitors cordially welcomed.
AH eeats free.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. J200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anj
subscriptions has been established at 1C8« Va-
lencia st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in tha
Unlti»d States or Canada one year for II.
WANTED— By a prominent New York manu-
facturing company, a first-class salesman,
resident of Ean Francisco, to sell the Jobbing
and large retail dry goods trade west of Den-
ver; give reference, state age and experience
and mention salary expected. Energy, Post-
offlce box 729. New York City.
AGI2VTS WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes to exchange services In
small family for room and board; plain sew-
ing preferred. Address MISS R., 603 Franklin.
KARLE. 330 Ellis st.; seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings daily; will leave the city June 16.
MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market st., rooms 15-16.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1041
and 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio St..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off Jonea^
A FLAT of 7 rooms and both; good view. 81J
Union st., near Powell-st. cars.
GO to Watson, test medium; occult: lucky and
truest. 1581 Market St.. near Twelfth.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
138 Ellis st. ¦ ¦
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: * b *J,,JjM"}£?2 :
all modern lmprovem'ts; lat floor. 417% Third.
COMPETENT, reliable person, no infant's
nurse or housekeeper, for Americans with no
children; can sew; willing to travel: referen-
ces; salary $15 to $23. Call or address F.. 719
Golden Gate ave.
SPIRITUALISM.
COMMUNICATIONS and tests to-night, 10c;
sittings dally. ARNOLD DICKSEN, 118 Sixth
St., room 12. .
A— FLAT 3 room, bath and gas. B3 Fell st.
$625— NOTIONS, school supplies, candy, bread
and milk: comfortable living rooms; cheap
rent: best part of city. LANE & CO.. S65
Market st.
$1500 — STATIONERY, school supplies, cigars,
candy; large stock; principal street; estab for
years; living. rooms. LANE & CO., 865 Market.
$C0— CANDY. Icecream and coffee parlor; ele-
gant fixtures; on principal street; a great
bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Market st. '
$350— NOTIONS, stationery, school supplies; liv-
ing nni.; cheap rent. LANE & CO.. S65 Mkt.
$450— CANDY and Icecream parlor; 3 rooms with
furniture. LANE & CO.. £65 Market st.
•SIT— CANDY store with factory, on Market;
nice business. LANS & CO.. 865 Market Bt.
$300— PARTNER in an established office busi-
ness; short hours. LANE & CO.. 865 Market.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
EDUCATED, agreeable middle-aged lady, ex-
perienced with children, wants position as
nurse or nursery govemness. teach French,
sew. Box 3175. Call.
PURE walnut hair stain. $1- 124 West Fourth
«t. Loa Anjreles, CaL
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove stJ.
INTELLIGENT young business woman desires
to make herself useful to party of Americans
en route to Paris. Box 3176. Call.
CO-OPERATIVE Brotherhood TUESDAY
EVENING. 117 Larkln St., Rev. A. D. Wheat,
speaker; public Interested; admission free.
OFFICERS and members of the ..!>..
Pervlan-Montenegrin L. and B. «\xju
Society — You ara hereby re- _p&BB^__
quested to meet on SUNDAY *^SSG*8
MOHNING, June 10. In your jffiwfl^
hall. 10 California Bt., at S:SO JTCsLtf
o'clock ehaxp, to march together Uv33EP>V
to the ferry to cur gTand annual Vj5j«LJS*Jj
and twentieth anniversary plo- i*'
nlo, to be held at Buena Vista
Park, Sausallto. By order of
M. K. TASOVAZ, President.
SPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
WANTED— Dressmaker. JOB JtOSENBERO.
11 O'Farrell st. V^
LADY wants sewing and mending to do at
home, or would go as housekeeper, city or
country. Call at US Sixth at.
YOUNG girl to look after *-year-ol<J baby;
wages, $6. 117A Bartlett st.
ALLEN sells new bicycles for $20; gtf>od article*
801 Larkin st.. cor. McAllister.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts tt har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & BON. 8117 Mission st.
SAX FB.AACISCO CALL.
BCETNESS OFTICK of The 81a Fr*ae!«o
tall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
Brtl'l 12 o'clock every sight In the year.
BRANCH OPTICES-K7 Montgomery street,
fcoroer Clay; cp«n until 9:S0 p. m.
!'<¦ Have* street; open Qntll 9:S0 p. ra.
€29 McAllister ctre«t: open until 9:13 p. a
CIS Larkln etreet: open until 9: SO p. ra.
1»<1 Ml«»lon etreet; open until 10 p. m.
£2C1 Mission etreet. corner Sixteenth; open aa«
In t p. tn.
1C6 Eleventh »lif*t: crpn until ip.a.
13M Valencia street: open until I p. m.
TCorthweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «treet»; open until 8 p. m.
BICYCLES For Sale or EichanBe.
MEETKQ NOTICES.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 632 Mission st.
CARRIAGES AJTD WAGOJS.
EMPLOTMEST WANTED FEMALE.
FLATS TO LET.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* Book Co., 704 Mission st.. near Third.
A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest fiat tn
. city for the price; Investigate; « large rooms
and large glaied porch; appreciated If seen.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. BPECK ft
C, 6C7 Market st. M . ...
2021 Pine: f.; 6 r $25 1411 Larkln: t.\ It.... $15
80S McAllister; f.; 6r. 25 2529 Post; t.l 6 r 1«
733 Halght; c, f.; 7 r. 25 80 Page: f-: » t-- »
1131 Geary; t.\ 6 r.$32 50 675 Geary; r. t.l 4 r.. 9
NEV.'
MEETISCS SUNDAYTHE SAN FEAISTCISGO CALL', SUNDAY, ¦ JUNE ¦ 10, 1900.
29
FOR SALK h BY Kg & gKELTOX
323 Montcomery st.
See these fine views along Hyde-st. cars.
$10 000— Northeast corner Hyde and Francisco
sts.: 137x137; fine view of bay; Hyde-
st. cars; buy now while you can get
It cheap.
$6 600— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137;
fine site for building; Hyde or Union
«•> 500— SE. cor. Larkin and Filbert sts.; 41x62:
pretty site for home or flats; view of
$15 000— SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts.;
137x137; good dwelling; handsome
grounds; superb view all around; easy
'of access from Union or Hyde st. cars.
$18.000— Business property: Fiilmore, near Cali-
fornia: stores and Rate: rentn $1450
twenty years.
HAW'KS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
T A GREAT BARGAIN ON EASY TERMS.
New modern 6' room and bnth; on 9th ave.,
bet California and Clement *ts. : entrance to
new muMc stand, Golden Gate Park; will
doubl" In value; also 5 room and bath, on
Hoffman ave.. Heyman Tract.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner and Builder.
117 Sutter st.
PARK lots for sale at reasonable terms.
For rent or for salp: modern house of 8 rooms
and bath. '1015 .Lyon 8t. ; west side, between
California and Sutter sts.
JACOB HEYMAN. Owner. 117 Sutter Et.
{4500— FINE building lots, .".0x100, on Clay st.,
near Spruce; must be sold; will subdivide.
$4000—2 flats: street nitumlnized; rent well;
thirteenth, near Folscm.
j5fi<) For a cotta-jo and let on Twentieth
ave.. South S«n Francisco; le\-el location;
rentst $4; ran arrange easy terms.
$300— Adjoining, near power-house, San Ma-
tea electric line: 150x100; hn« to be sold; San
Jose ave.. corner of Unandelln.
McKWKN BROS.. 118 Montgomery Ht.
A ROW of new houses of 5 rooms and bath:
large planked basements; $2000 each; Install-
ments $15 monthly. Leavenworth Bt. and
Montgomery ave.
ISOOO— TO close an estate: lot 53x137 :«: brick (m-
provements: 5 flats; rents $63; could be im-
proved to brine $100 the month; west »ld«
Stockton to rear street, between I/nmbnrd
and Filbert. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery st., room 3. -
BARGAIN— $1700: CottagB of 6 rooms and b v
lot 22x114. In the Warm Melt of the Ml*
! lines of cars In half block; must ' m
immediately. Apply to II. U ""* >. 403
Washington St., opposite Postof<
$16 500— THREE new flats. .7. 7. *" *^»^ .-holce
location: rents $140 per month.
$1700— Bay-window eottaco of 8 rooms;
Vicksburg St., near. 23d: terms if desired.
tjo(i_Two lots at bench In oil belt.
' JEROME ENGLISH. H_Momgomery st."
NEW RESIDENCE PACIFicTnEIGHTS
2302 Vallejo st.. near Flllmore: now open; fi
bedrooms. 2 baths, 3 closets, furnace, laun-
dry, electric fittings throughout: halls whlt»
cedar; dining-room entirely of .oak: living,
room in hard wood with beamed ceiling; iarge
open fire places; splendid residence; grand
marine view: cars to the door. HOOKER. &
LENT, H' Post •*•.,.,." ....;,,. •. , t
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
TO RENT— Sr>aee 30x15. well lighted from four
windows: on second floor; First St., near Mar-
ket: electric power In building: use of freight
elevator; rent reasonable to right party. Ad-
dress box 3C05, Call.
TO let— 1S19 Howard st. ; store and 3 rooms;
second floor of 5 rooms, with large yard and
stable contalnlnK 8 stalls: rent *30: will sub-
divide and repair tn suit. LANDRY C.
RABIN. 413 Kearny st.
$55— LARGE store; 25 Sixth st. Apply on
premises.
LARGE etores and nunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
OIL LANDS.;
OIL LANDS FOR SALE ANDjTO LEASE.
We have choice properties and will assist
partly to organize compnnH*s and secure
capital. AMBROSE HARRIS nnd T. A.
BELL, roomg 611-12-13. Examiner building.
PALMISTRY.'
MME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones. t
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Oeary & Post: phone Black 661.
PERSONALS.
A FINE-LOOKING. cutltured middle-aged
lady, well connected, a stranger In the city,
having met with reverses, deairen to meet an
honorable centleman of means with a view
to matrimony; no trlflers and agencies. Box ,
20C4, Call office^ '
ATTRACTIVE, wealthy widow, refined, gener-
ous, sweet diEpopitlon. seeks protection In.
kind husband. "Ideal," 744 North Park ave.,
Chicago, 111.
REFINED widow, 30. wishes the acquaintance |
cf gentleman with some means; object matri-
mony; references exchanged, llox 2UC0. Call.
DANIEL CROWLEY. Plma Co.. Ariz.— To your
advantage to address I. E. JARRETT, Law- |
yer, Hearst bulldlnz.
TWO gentleman or married couple to complete
small camping party; tents supplied free; no
questionable characters. Box 1759, Call office.
THE painting by Joseph Larsen. called "The
Last Act of the 2o00 Century," will be ex-
hibited at the corner of Tenth ave. and Cali-
fornia st. for one week be(?inninc Monday,
June 11. Admission, 10 cents; children, half
pricey
FREE— Success in life can only be obtainpd
through influence. Will send absolutely free a
100-pnge book which explains all the secrets
of liytmotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing. Tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and held the
love and respect of others. Anybody can
learn in a few day«. We guarantee success.
Write to-doy. Address NEW YORK INSTI-
TUTE OF SCIENCE, Dept. D17K, Roches-
ter, N. Y. ¦<
LEDERER. the up-to-date hairdresser,
Has elegantly refitted his parlors.
It's now the noatest place in town.
Halrdres»in|f only 25c. though. :•,¦¦•:
Quintonica hair tonic. 35c bottle.
Foamo Shampoo, re package.
Indl*pen#ab!e articles. 123 Stockton st.
ALL eczema, dandruff and falling hair cured;
hair restored to Its original color; no dyes
used- trial treatment and free fhampoo to all
purchasers of my remedies; superfluous hair
removed for $1. Luxurlol bust developer never
falls'- Inclose etamiv E. R. D UN LAP. for-
merly with Dr. Carpenter, 6 Eddy etreet, San
Francisco, parlors 73 and 74. fourth floor.
PRIVATE— A home in confinement ; removed
from the bustle and din of a large city; prl-
vacv which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or Vanltarlums; physicians • having patients
de«ir'ng to administer medical services them-
Fclves can do so; country patients solicited.
MRS. Pit. F1JNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
LADIES— For the complexion nothing equals
lime. Fisher's remedies; they are effective
and harmleFs; give a smooth, clear skin, re-
moving all blemishes. Try them and be con-
vlnced. 19 Powell st. •
WANTED— A bright man. or woman to pur-
chase a manfg.' business: full investigation;
gmall capital required. Add, box 3181. Call.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray hair to natural color, stop falling;
cures dandruff "and Itching scalp; grows new
hair. At druggists and hairdressers. .
HAIR, scalp remedies— "Curealls" are fakes.
. Stamp Dr. Kuester, N. G. depot; learn why.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
. treatment. 850 Market St.. second floor, rm. 37. .
ANNOUNCEMENT
REAL ESTATE — COUMTKY — For Sale
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONXTAG. ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of lYoperty.
624 Market st.
$8500— Golden Gate ave., near Scott: 2 elegant
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$62 60 per month; large lot.
$52,500— Fine piece of water front property not
far from Market st. ; rents $255 per month,
under lease; large lot.
J13.000 — A fine northeast corner on McAllister
St., near City Hall; 5 stores and 3 flats; rents
$19X0 per year.
$30,500— Steuart St., near Mission; rents $145
per month; large lot; particulars at office.
. $110.0<J<) — Market St. property, near Chronicle
building, over 4000 square feet; properly im-
proved will pay 6 per cent net.
$14,000; reduced from $16,000— Cohen, place, off.
Ellis St., near Leavenworth; 8 flats, steadily
rented at $132 per month; S3 feet frontage.
S6R0O — Cluyton st., near Page: 2 modern flats
of 7 and 8 rooms, and rents $57 50 per month;
large lot.
$7650— Natoma St.. near Eighth; 6 flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents for $S0 per
month; lot 50x75.
$6750 — Larkin st., near Vallejo: 3 flats of 5, 5,
6 rooms and bath each; rents $62 10 per month;
lot 24x100.
J3000— Store and flats on Clara et. ; rents $33
per month.
$6000— Store and flats close to Sixth and Mis-
sion sts. ; rents $60 per month; foreclosure.
$2200 — Splendid cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
best part of the Mission warm belt.
$2000 — Twenty-first st., near Chattanooga; lot
25x70 ,fcet, with modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, with basement; porcelain tubs; a bargain.
$3S0O— Dolores st. : lot 25x100 feet, with house
of 7 rooms and bath.
For further particulars and list apply at the
olflce of IJovee, Toy & Sonntag, 624 Market st.
PERSUADING YOU
To buy a home in one of the best parts of the
city Is but one part of my business; the other
in, aidlne you to own one. With the same
money that you now pay out each month in
that endluss rent-paying, I can sell you a
home. It will take but a few years to pay
for it, and you will then be able to say, "I
have rrovided my family with a home, and
best of all. have paid for It with my RENT
MONEY.
To see the new homes take Mlsslon-st. cars,
transfer to 22d st.. ride to 113 Hoffman ave.,
a*k for iMr. Cotter, resident agent, or OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post St. ' ¦
TEAMSTERS. EXPRESSMEN' AND DAIRY-
MEN I
At a bargain, elegant, new, modern,- S-room
and bath cottage, with driveway and 10-foot
basement, with large barn adjoining, for sale
at a sacrifice; It Is a very suitable place for
a. man having teams; it can be had on easy
monthly payments. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14
I'cst st.
WORKIXOMEN—
For $12 ."0 a month you can buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot 25x100: street work
done; sanitary plumbing; only half a block
from Mission st. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post.
$2.'.O— $5 MONTHLY; lot graded and sewered;
near Mission and Thirtieth sts.
J.TOO buys two lots: $5 monthly; near Crescent
ave. and Mission st.
$7" — 100x120; near San Mateo electric cars.
Fifty lots; $150 to $500 each; near 22-st. cars;
strert work tlone; $3 monthly. OSCAR HEY-
MAN, 14 Post st.
JGOO BUYS 4 lots: 20x100 each; level and ready
tn build on: close to Mission St.; $5 monthly.
OPCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$10,000— A SNAP: beautiful residence and large
lot: Twelfth St., between Mission and How-
ard: 53x111: elegant house of 12 rooms and all
modern conveniences: sunshine In every room;
this house is in perfect order and Is one of
the most commodious and pleasant houses in
the city: handsome lawn and flowers; street
accepted: surrounded with car lines: lot atone
worth the price asked. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON, 22 Montgomery st.
jlfino— MINNA St., near Fourteenth: nice, com-
fortable house of n rooms; lot 25xS0: street
accepted. O. D: BALDWIN & SON, 22 Mont-
gomery st^ '
{2100— LOMBARD St., near Polk; sunny side; 2
finis. 6 rooms and bath each; rents $20.; lot
34:6x137:6. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery st. '
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS IN FLATS, all
paying 12 per cent Interest, and ail new
goods.
$ll,C00— Flllmore at., near Hayes; 3 new flats,
<5. 6 and 7 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$105 per month.
$10,500— Turk St., near Lagruna; 3 new modern
fiats, 6 rooms and bath each; rents $37 per
month.
$12,500 — Rents $130 per month: Van Ness ave.,
near Green; 3 new and elegant flats, 7 rooms
and bath each.
$700<v— Rents $G2 r.O: 2 new flats. G and 7 rooms
and bath each; Oak st. ; fronting nark.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
50x165 r Howard st., between First nnd Sec-
ond* valuable* warehouse or manufacturing
property: price $21.r>cr,. O. D. BALDWIN &
BON. S2 Montgomery st. ' . '-
j LOTS, 2jX ICO, on the sunny side of street; 28
minutes' ride from City Hall; on Misslon-st.
car line: perfectly level anil ready to build
on; any reasonable offer will be accepted on
account of departure ot owner for Nome.
U. H. L'JinSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
LOOK'.!!— For sale, foreclosure, house and lot,
in Rood condition; must be sold; price $3000;
good chance for a positive bargain. For fur-
ther Information apply, room 603. Examiner
bulldlnr. , ' . -¦ '-¦--"¦¦¦•
SACRIFICE— To close an estate: for sale, house
and lot; beautiful residence neighborhood; lat-
«it improvements; no - reasonable offer re-
fuped: must lie sold; sacrifice: price $4000. For
further information apply room 603, Examiner
Uulldlns- ¦ > . . ¦¦:¦-..¦;:
MODERN houses and flats /built at lowest
¦ prices;. plans and estimate* ¦furnished for all
bulldine work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission st. (
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery at.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-se»entli
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
HGCO — North line Carl it., near Stanyan; 25x
127:6 feet.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MTTRPHY, 630 Market: 2d mortgages: estate*.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1U234 Market fct.
DHS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
had returned from Kurcpe; safe and reliable:
cure ti; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 10074 Market st., near 6th.
MRS. DIC WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrt..
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation free
ar.l confident ial. 44<> Body. bet. leavenworth
ari'l Ilyde; hours S to 6. Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late
t-cieiititic methods: treatment, $5.
Dr. James I'ierc. 20". O'Karrell. rooms 2 and 3 — I
Kemale Specialist; home or office treatment $3.
Y. B.— DR. WISE & CO., the ladles' specialists,
HIS Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 FoUom »t. MRS. UR PFE1FFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason bU
CHKAPEST and best .in America— The Weekly
<"all. 16 rages, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.
1I1KBS AND M1MXG.
FOR sale cheap — Two gold quartz claims on
mother lode, California. Box 1624, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
I3O1LERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPUAN. 193-li7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always !
have a large stock of ealuon outfits on hand:
22 complete outfits en our floor, ready made:
we can Fhip tvervthing In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission »t.. above
Sixth': write for catalogue.
A POLID gold. 14-karat. fine stem-winding.
Howard watch for $42 50: will cost In any
firfct-clajr!' Jewelry store tS5. UNCLE HAK-
RIS, 15 Grr.nt ave.
r.ARP.OT for sale— Most amusing bird; talks,
laughs, cries, rings ar.d is very tame; worth
|50; will take J25. 10*8 Union su
KKW 20-llKht T. and H. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
HTJXTER dc-:r for Fale. 7S7 Pine st.
KOK yale — One 8-horsepower portable horizon-
tal engine and boiler; one 8-horsepower steam
enprir.e. horizontal; one 3-horsepower centri-
fugal Krcsh p'Jnip: one 1%-horsepower centri-
fugal KroKh pump: all in gocd order; for sale
cheap. Address Napa Machine Works, WM.
J. LENDOW. Prop.. Napa. Cal.
THE UNIVERSAL
PIUSMATIC
SKYLIGHT
REFLECTORS.
A new ani excellent device for throwing day-
licht imo dark rooms through windows: the
t*st in the market. W. HOLT, sole agent,
room r. Flood bulidlng; telephone Davis 741.
Xr-UTYS cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear gt.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
S31 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOX terrier pups: also pure v/hlte, blue-eyed
kittens; cheap. 217H Tehama «t.
A-?3 Vi DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. £3B Kearny. st- near Pin*.
PORTABLE -ngines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; age 2
months. S29 Howard tt.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof cafe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A~FINE mil, $10; drew pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery ft.
j.-1'LL line cameras and photo supp'les: selling
ch^ap. \V. A. .HAUTTKIt. 511 Kxamlner bldg.
\v7"~r*-nt ftill-dress and Tuxedo suits for tl 50.
TO UT L A N I) LO A N O KF I CK. 2.'. Stockton st.
Miijir jaitem* new and second-hand: moving
pictures. RULLARD &_ltRECK. HI Post rt.
A~~>:kW Standard Tyi>ewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON' Fairbanks "rale and fire and burs-
lar pro"')f safe. 21C California's^
SXFFS— S«* nml gec-ond han<l. THE HER-
*MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
«5AFTS— New and second hand: all sizes. THK
""WALTZ SAFES, tOt-UI Market st.. San Fran.
OXR 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compre?5or: 5 locomotives. ;20 Fremont.
CHFAPKST and best in Amerlca-The Werkly
Call 15 puces, sent to any nddress in the
Vnlt'ed Ftates or Canada one year .or $l,
\iortaz" paid.
"'miscbllaxisous WAVr9 ;
prrnXD-HAXD. larn" size billiard or pool
*" table. Ad'lvFs bor 1753. Call office.
WANTrr)— Good Ras Ptove. with water back.
AdflrfM box S1E0. Call offlcp.
«•« ALLOWED on old sewing machines for
" new . Address box 3198. Call office.
VVANTFD— Hy'a dealer. 150 gallons of country
rnl'llc per day. 2S29 Twenty-second st.. near
Alabama^
\x- a vrpn Fecond-hand upright piano for
leach. II. L. WH1TEIIEAD. 710 Market St.
PRIvTtt: • arty will ray cash for a few nice
.llnr^on.U.' "ox 4313, Call.
MOXEV WASTED.
WANTED— $1500 tin choice suburban tract; 12
per cent. Address box 2C62. Call office.
LOAN of $10,000 wanted on Improved ranch.
. Address box 2652, Call office. . •• . , 1
EOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$450 to J5C0— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains;
sewered and graded; ready to build on; $13
monthly.
$250 to $900— Choicest Richmond building lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots; near Mission-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
$650 to $1000 — For small cottages In excellent
locations, near cars: payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
FOR SALE BY
BURNHAM & MARSH CO,
20 Montgomery st.
GRAND OPPORTUNITY.
$18,000— GROCERY CORNER.
Corner store and flat; new building; Western
Addition; transfer point; rent *91 month.
INSIDE CORNER CLOSE TO GEARY ST.
$108,000— 60-vara size; have tenant to pay 6i£
per cent net rental if improved.
$65,000— Grand Third-st. corner, near Market.
$?5,000— Brick building; double lot; Post St.;
pays 5 per cent net.
$7500—2 fine flats; 30 ft.; corner lot; entrance
of Uolden Gate Park.
$16,000—3 elegant flats. 2 blocks from Union
Square; rent $120 month.
GREAT SACRIFICE.
$4250 Rent $40.
Business property on McAllister, short way
from Van Ness; same tenant for 6 years.
* A RARE CHANCE.
$l!<.&00 Rent $170 month.
A grand corner on Mission st. ; large frontage;
well Improved and always rented.
$12,000— Rent $100; almost new hotel of E3
rooms and large let; only 1^4 blocks from Call
building.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.,
Opposite Kearny.
$42.500— Rents $400; lot 80x137:6 feet: modern
building:; pays 10 per cent.
$32,000— Fourth St., near Townsend; 137:6x
137:6; near railroad and warehouses.
$2S,000— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister; lot
63:9x120 feet: two frontages; rents $210.
$23.000— Sixth st.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and 50 rooms above; rents $200.
$12.500— Half block from Market and Steuart
sts.; brick building.
$12,500— Ninth st., close to Mission; S3 feet
front; two stores and flats. , .
$11,000 — Market-st. corner: store and flats;
modern building: rents $S5; lot 25x100 feet.
$3000— Rents $100; lot 107x137:6; Powell-st. car
line.
$7250— Broadway, between Buchanan and
Webster sts.; lot 34:4Uxl32 feet; choicest resl-
dence site.
$6.-ino— Six bay-window flats: rents $66; lot
48x75: near Sixth and Howard sts.
J6500 — 1225 Bush St.; lot 30x137:6; house of 14
rooms; must be sold.
$5000— Powell st.; three flats; rents $62.
14^00— Four fine flats; Capp st. : rents $40.
$3000 — Rents $40; five flats; two frontages;
Vallejo St. A. M. SPECK & CO., €67 Market.
flats. 50x104; half cash.
Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and bath
25x130. >
W. H. CRIM & CO., 113 Montgomery st.
McAllister, opposite .City Hall: 60x87:6.
$15.000— Eddy, near Leavenworth; substantial
house: 27:6x137:6. '- .
$4000 — Guerrero, near Market; 6 rooms and
bath; 25x100.
Potrero Block; well located for manufac-
turing or warehouse purposes.
, $S000— Twenty-fourth St., near Bryant; four
$5500— A bargain; Market St.. near Church;
7 rooms and bath; 25x100.
Two neat cottages of 5 rooms and bath
each: liberal terms. »
$6000 — Second, near Brannan; store and flat;
25x80.
$1600— Corner 21st and Collingwood; 27x75.
$125O-Llberty St.. near Dolores; 25x114.
$1000— Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Sears
street. Ocean View: part cash.
jl50 — ( jots In University Homestead; 100x100.
$1250— Lots on Bryant, near 17th; 25x100;
street accepted. •
Cheap lots on installments, no Interest.
rilYSICIAXS A-\D SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102m Market it., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HIiAL iChiATJBJ — C1T* KOK SAJLB.
PHOTOGRAPniC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; supplies! Backus
studio. 11 Geary st.. ground floor.
LOST — Gold bracelet with carbuncle surrounded
with pearls on Green St., east of Leavenworth
or Russian Hill. Friday evening; suitable re-
ward. 1S34 California st.
$5 REWARD at 226 Twelfth st. for return or in-
formation leading to recovery of liver-colored
English water epanlel.
LOST— Two photo pictures of man and wife.
Finder please leave same at Yosemlte House,
1146 Market st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; Initials O. W. Llb-
• eral reward If returned to California Theater.
LOST— Gonlen setter pup last evening. W.
CAWLEY. 124 East st.
FOUND— Two greyhounds, one dog and one
bitch. CO Tehama st.
ail'SICAL INSTIIUMEXTS
BARGAINS'. BARGAINS!! BARGAINS!!!
$125. $175. $200, J2D0.
BUY NOW— DON'T WAIT.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
PACKARD PIANOS and ORGANS.
• Latest Improvements, Finest Tone.
Most Beautiful Cases. Fair Prices.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 769 Martlet st.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Instruments, If you don't want to pay cash,
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market 8t.
AN upripht, good condition, $85: Decker Bros.'
baby grand, a snap, $250. BENJ. CU11TAZ &
SON, 16 OFarrell St.; Checkering, Steck;
Vose, Sterling and Curtaz Pianos. /
FOR Immediate sale— A beautiful upright, /3-
pedal piano; used only a few months; elegant
ease: fine tone; good as new; $150. Room/10,
Flood building. /
SACP.IFICED for cash: a handsome upright
piano. $100; sold to close up estate. Roam
12. Flood bulldine. /
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Steinway down to' low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you /should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash; $6 per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY'& CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weet of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS-A few pitnos will be sold this
week for storaee: offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wllson'djStoraKe Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
4-ROOM furniture, also square piano, for sale;
no dealen>. IV* Cedar ave., corner Larkin st.
STEINWAY upright. $1S5; Installments. $3. $5.
>10; rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis St.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 10« McAllister sL
REDUCTION sale; new planoo. $5 payments;
for rent, J2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 303 to
S12 Post st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZk 10
McAlllstPr st., next Hlbernia Bank.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JUNE 26TH. 1900.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom, 633 Market it.
WHOLESALE BUSINES3 PROPERTY.
West line (No. 221) Davis St., 27 feet south
of Clay; Improvements, 3-story and basement
brick building; lot 20x55 feet; mortgage of
$10,000 can remain.
CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
South side (No. 2409) Clay St.. 188:9 west of
front, house. 7 rooms and bath; rear
house, 4 rooms; rents $42 per month; lot 25x
127MH feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGES.
East side (No. 2S10) Octavla St.. 110 feet north
of Union; front house. & rooms, and new rear
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rents $30 per month;
lot 27:6x103 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corner (No. 2601) Post and Lyon
sts.; store and 3 rooms and cottage of 3 rooms;
lot 30x92:6 feet; mortgage $3000.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast side (Nos. 247-51) Shipley St.. 373
southwest of Fifth: 6 fine well-built flats of
4 and 7 rooms; rents $72 per month; lot oOxTi
feet.
LEAVEXWORTH-ST FLATS.
East side (Nos. 1120-1120A) Leavenworth St..
22 feet 11 inches south of Sacramento: 2 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $42 50 per
month; lot 22:llxS0 feet to rear street.
PROBATE SALE.
North side (Nos. 422-422H) Fulton St.. 192:6
west of Cough: flats and rear house; rents
$35 per month: lot 27:6x137:6; mortgage fZSM.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
South side (No. 1313) Point Lobos ave.. 57:8
feet west of Second ave. ; store and flat. 5
rooms and bath; rents $22 per month; lot 25x
120 feet.
• ELEGANT MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 3250) Twenty-first st., 224 feet
west of Mission; elegant modern residence of
10 rooms and bath, etc. ; lot 52xS5 feet.
TWENTY-FOURTH-ST: COTTAGE.
South line (No. 4247) Twenty-fourth st.. 75
feet east of Douglass; new modern cottage of.
7 rooms and bath; lot 25x90 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side (No. 133) Andover st., 25 north of
Blalne st.; 4 rooms and bath and basement;
lot &0x70 feet.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO INVESTMENT.
'West side Railroad ave.. 80:6 southwest of
Eighth ave.; store and 4 rooms; lot 25:6x131 feet.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
MADISON & BURKE. Heal Estate Agents.
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1SSS.
Ellts-st. investment, near Taylor; lot 27:Jx
137:6; this Is downtown and In fast advancing
locality.
$17,000— Fulton st. between Polk st, aad Van
Xess ave.; lot 50x120 to Aeh ave.
$6300 — Capp St.. near Eighteenth; rents $65;
flats all rented- 37:6x122:6.
JfiSOO— Laundry: well leased; Lombard St., nr.
Flllmore; 65:9x137:6.
California st.. adjoining corner Polk; lot oOx
87:6; must be sold to close estate.
Choice corner for flats— Webster st. and Wll-
dey ave.; 27:6x$l:3: old Improvements; now pay-
ing good interest; $500 cash, balance easy terms.
$8000 — McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
¦$$000— Harrison St., near 10th; flats; rents $50;
only partially improved; 75x100.
$5000 — Baker St., near Sacramento: 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$3500— Pearl st., near Market; t rooms and
bath; 25xS0.
$2300 — Bryant St.. near Seventh: two cottages;
rents 120; lot ZOxSO.
$3100— Oak Grove ave., near Harrison it.;
rents $26; lot 25x112.*
$4250 — Octavla St.. near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
$3500— Greenwich St., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$1500— Day St.. near Church; cottage of five
rooms; lot 25x114
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market sL, opp. Palace Hotel.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$55.000~NW. corner; Turk st.. near Larkin;
137:fixl37:6: rents $295; partially improved.
$50,000— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.: 99x240 feet; 2 frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin St. — 77x13; :6; modern
house of IS rooms.
$2S,00O— Market st.. near Valencia;. 38:ll',4xl24;
irregular to Stevenson st. ; frame Improvements.
$12,600— Union st.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$S00O— Ellis St.. near Octavia: 25x120; house o£
8 rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x100;
house of 12 rooms.
$70X1 — Sacramento *t.. near Hyde; 35x120; house
9 rooms and bath: rent 135.
$5500 — Fourth st.. near Harrison; 25xS0; store
and flat: sale urgent;, rents $50.
$6500— Grove St., near Central ave.: 25x137:6;
new 3-story bay-window flats; rents $C0.
Nntoma s*t.. near Tenth — 50x75; 3 houses;
rents ten; must be sold.
. $5000— Vallejo st.. near Mason; 4?:l*;xl37:6.
with an L: 2 flats and rear house; rents J64.
$6000— Folsom St.. near Eighth; 25x30; 2 flats;
rents $.46.
$5CC0— Green st.. nea* Dupont; 2S:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats; rents J55.
$5500 — Octavla Rt.. near Vallejo; 25x112:*; two-
story modern residence.
¦ $4250— Webster St., near Filbert; 25xlC0; 6-room
cottage.
$3750— Ellis st., near Pierce; 30x73; cottage;
stable.
$2900— Central ave.. near Hayes St.; store and
4 rooms and bath: 25xlCO.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6 — Cor. Hayes and Lyon sts.
SSOOO— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6Sx3S.
$3500^- Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$2750 each — Post St.. near Devisadero: 2 lots.
30x90— W. line of Mission. S. of Army: 3 lots.
J22cO— McAllister St.. near Lyon: 25x100.
$1500— Union st.. near Pierce: 25:2x100.
260x125— NW. c«r. Fountain and 23th sts.
32:6x100— Cor. Point Lobos and Eleventh aves.
.BARGAIN.
$C23: $JCO cash, balance $3 per month on in-
stallments: choice building lots on Elizabeth
St.. bet. Douglass st. and Hoffman ave.: size
25x114; half block from electric cars; this lo-
cation is rapidly being built up by nice new
houses, and the lots offered are the cheapest
In the Mission: ready for building; will give
possession immediately: will arrange to build;
installment payments if desired. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$2700— A BARGAIN.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath: In Mission; nearly
new; fine location; high basement: beautiful
garden; sunny side of street: near 2 car lines;
unobstructed view; cost $3600. Box, 2657. CalL
$8500— FINH Investment; 3 dwellings; all occu-
pled; lot 77:6x130; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
. sixth sts.: must be Bold; owner going East.
Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia su.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$26,500— Rents $2100 per year: fine 4-story build-
Ing; within 2 blocks of Taylor and Turk sts.;
good tenants; pays 7 per cent net.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
PRETTY NEW HOMES
AT THE MISSION.
Only a Few Hundred Cash Required Down,
Balance in Small Monthly Payments.
I2S0O and 13300— Don't fail w see the "up-to-
date" houses, corner Twenty-third and Church
sts.; contain -5 and 6 large sunny rooms and
all the latest conveniences; fine view; no hill to
climb; take Mission-st. cars, transfer to Twen-
ty-second-st. line, get off at Church and Twen-
ty-fourth.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS.
HANDSOME FLATS SACRIFICED.
$10,750— Choice location in Western Addition,
close to town; 3 swell flats; new marble steps;
open plumbing; expensive mantels; paying over
10 per cent.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
$12,500— BUSINESS corner; splendidly Improved,
with 3-Ftory bulldinp. store and flats above:
rent $90; always rented; small expenses; on
Howard st. : close to town.
i LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
KENTUCKY-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$4750— Close to Union Iron Works; lot fronts
on two streets; houses on both streets.
A NEW COTTAGE.
$2350— Twenty-seventh st.. near Dolores; nice
house, 6 rooms and bath; also stable in rear.
LYON & HOAG. Ill Montgomery st.
HOMESEEKERS. ATTENTION!
$500 cash, balance monthly — Handsome new
houses on Clayton st.: charmingly situated:
commanding' pleasing views of Park an^ bay;
contain large reception hall, salon parlor^, din-
ing-room and kitchen on main floor; 4 large
bedrooms with dressing rooms on second floor;
billiard and Btore rooms In basement; all the
rooms are decorated; marble steps: latest sani-
tary plumbing: big lots; cheapest houses In the
city; take Haltht or Blue Electric cars on
Eddy.
LYON & HOAfl. 114 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — CITT — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN it HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET-STREET CORNEK.
Near City Hall: 27:9x137:8; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $13,500.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get particu-
lars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,500— Pacific-ave. residence: descant modern
residence: 17 rooms. 2 baths; all arrangement*
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:8.
A FIXE INVESTMENT.
$37,500— Thlrd-st. corner; 137:6x137:6: •tor* aad
flats: good Improvements; rents $£50.
$37,500 — Folsom st. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict: 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 100xS>:(.
$11,000— Rents $113; Castro-st. corner; «tore«
and flats; lot 50xS0.
AN OFFER •WANTED.
$3X0— Ritrh St.; S flats; rents $42 50: lot EiW.
$6000— Rents $63; Natoma st.. near Sixth; ccal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x73.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$2750— Richmond district; entirely new: a cot-
tages; modern In every respect; easy terms.
i $3350— Sunset district: 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed; » rooms and
bath and basement: lot 25x120; easy terms.
$11,000— Pine St.. near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence, 10 rooms and bath: up-to-dat*
plumbing; electric lights; lot 23x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$3000 — Van Ness ave.: corner: 32x109.
$15.000— Presidio Heights: corner; 137:6xl27:SK:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mill Valley cottage. 5 rooms aad b*«i:
partly finished attic; large lot: win trad* tor
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 4C2 PINE ST..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
A first-rate chance for some builder t>» build
some 13 or more flats in a central location on
a large lot I am offering for sale at a low
price and partly on credit.
$5750— Rent $540 per annum; a nic» business
property; on Geary st.; store and flats.
$4000 — On account of ill-health of owner. nle»
house fronting Panhandle, near Lyon st. ; only
$1500 cash required.
Church St., near Market— A fine lot with im-
prnvements; 25x125.
IS000— Flllmore st.. near HaJght; four fins
nearly new flats: lot SOxSO: rent $63.
$3000 each— Four splendid lots, 25x90 each, oa
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) st.. Just west of
Valencia.
$15C0 each— Five lots. 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park. we*t of Valencia st.
$3400— Rent $30; a splendid piece of business
property; store and dwelling; lot 25x75.
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS.
$;o cash. $10 per month: interest at 7 per cent:
dement st.. Fourteenth. Fifteenth and Point
Lobos aves. ; 25x137:6; facing the new Pan-
handle from the Park to the Presidio. O. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery «t.
ATTENTION!!!— Do you want a snap in ffood,
tenement property situated south of Market
St.? This place must be sold: price S3230: bank
mortgage of 1200 can remain; rents (39 per
month; this Is a bargain for a good tnvest-
ment. Call for particulars at room 603. Ex-
aminer buildlnc.
USE Ltllie Webb's soap, made from California
olive oils roots and herbs; 10c at drucslsts;
agents wanted. 110 Stevenson, bet. 9 & 10 a.m.
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervous,
skin and luns diseases, rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff Joints: no drugs; no knife. DR.
It. 3. STRATTON. 507-509 Parrott bldg., over
Emporium, San Francisco; consultation free.
DOCTOR wants position as assistant to physi-
cian; must make exi>enses. Box 4307. Call
office. ¦ I
ELECTRIC lights in even' room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Thirdst.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $C per week;
free 'bus and bapgaKe to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING- nil diseases are curable: WITHOUT
DRUGS WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tion free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post St.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
treatment. SKt Market St., second floor, rm. 37.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2C06 Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3391.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on H. COHEN. 117 Third; tel. Black 4123.
LADIES* and .— •?s" castoff clothtnj: bought and
sold. Sllverr ¦¦¦••... 9S4 Folsom, tel. Folsom 1191.
FULL-DRE .:k and other Fults bouKht: also old
gold. Port, xnd Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; Kc bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlnsr. old pold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'C. 506 Kearny st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EASTON. ELDBIDGB St CO..
638 MARKET STREET. 1
ON INSTALLMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
J300 cash— Balance Installments at < per cent;
ft-room house, porcelain tubs, blrdseye
maple tiled mantel, dome celings. 2 bay*
, windows, iron fence, cement and steps;
every modern Improvement; on Dolores
street.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WKEK,
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
rooms; lot 33:9x75 ft.; Clara St., near
Sixth; rents $47 per month.
$3000— Reduced from 14000; 8 flats of 4 and 5
PAT3 12 PER CENT,
KEARNY STS.
WALKING DISTANCE OF MARKET AND
J6500— Larkin St.. near Bush; 3 fine, well-built
flats; rents J63 per month.
$5250— Leavenworth st,: 2 flats 5 and « rooms
and bath; fine condition, two frontages.
MAKE OFFER.
»675»— Rents lino per annum: 3 modern flats of
6, 6, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet.
OPPOSITE PROPOSED PARK PANHANDLE.
$5. o0— Rents 1376 per annum; 2 well-built flats of
7 room* and bath; 23x137:6 ft.; on Fell
St., sunny side.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME,
J6000— Kle^ant modern residence of 8 rooms and
bath and basement; every modern im-
provement; porcelain tubs, etc; best
block on Scott *t.
SHERIDAN-STREET INVESTMENT.
12500— Lot 2SxlCO; 2 Hats and rear house; rents
1-6 per month; bitumen street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market street.
WANTED TO-DAY CSTTNDAT)
FOR A SPECIAL SHIPMENT
MONDAY MORNING
Carload cf laborers jj a day
lor Southern Pacific Railroad Company;
Board $4 to a week.
Office fee $i Free fans
Call to-day (Sunday)
C. R» HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
V. ANTED— For the Coast Road Free fare
Teamsters j2 a day
Bock laborers £« a day
Office fee Jl— Free fare,
t» Ialjerer* for S. P. Co. on Salt Lake dlrl-
t!oa $1 75 a day; free fare
For the woMs See boss here
€ Fpool tenders, $43; 19 woodsmen. $40; SO labor-
ers for railroad in the woods. J30 and board
racial rates of tare; 3 Jackscrewers. $45; 3
barken. J35. fairs advanced; 20 laborers for
ta.wirL.Js and woods, JCO and tares advanced.
:' quarrjraen. f2 I5 a day; io miners, $2 50 a
<Jay; 10 <juarrymen. J2 a day; 25 farmers "6
__.! $30; 3 stonecutters and setters, $i a 'day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..
pate an3 jviitry cook, resort. 'SCO; eook ind
helper, country hotel $::. and $53; 6 broilers,
Mcood and third conks, city. $C0. $59 and *4V
pecan* coo*. W>: thirt cook. $£;; second bale-/
J3? : kitchen hand ?23. for country betel third
cock, spring*, $30. fare advanced: waiter min*
boarding how*. RJ to $20; 3 waiters, country
dry: u a^rlftiti ma laundry at brings:
r -."'; <r r t \ n * d , ! " lri £; u 5i >r - K a d *>': »">«r ana
iir'il Sf" aeay: 13 iroaers - c^ n -
C. U. »AN££N_& CO.. 10; Geary st.
tr.tr.t. H. Bernard. Sec. 1<A 7th; tei. Je»sie ti>2.
WANVtD-Al blacksmiths helper and wood-
worker. B. GRAVE CO.. <;i I>aciric: St.
GOOD vestmaier wanted cutsidel 123 Ellis
f... rooms 12 and 13.
¦RACTICAL English speaking gardrner. Call
between 12 and 1. iy.;> Franklin st.
* ANTED— Boy to learn trade. Inquire 141 Fre-
rr.ont at.
TRAVELING salesman In gloves, side line, on
ppmtn.sslon. Ca.:i or address ClUi Cough et.
TOUNG man. painter help haad; call Sunday.
SS Caat ave.. Ho'.ly Park.
COY having a horFe to deliver morning paper:
one residing ir. the Mission or Polrero pre-
ferred. 70S AehViurj- et.
EOT wanted. Mutual L. A S. Co., 23 Main
street.
I>OT about 17 to learn eteel-plate printing. S43
California et. ; aftpr Sunday.
BOY to carry newspapers in Western Addition.
Box IU3, Call office.
BOTP wgntfd- CsJ. Bag, Tent and Awning Co..
Ill Oay at.
' PRESS boy wanted Monflay raornlsg. S21 Mar-
f ket et.
CYLINDER feeder. JOHN PARTRIDGE. 306
<"ailfcmia et.
ERRAND by for printing department. JOHN
PABTRIDGE. 306 California et
JjifH WASHER and waiter. Twentieth and
Stichlsaa fcis., Potrero.
. BELUBUE man under £5; »:*K> cash security.
) !>e piawd in bank. 20 O'Farrell st. f room
1. t >-5iy, between ? and 7.
"WANTED— Errand boy for printing office.
LEVIXGSTOX, EO Commercial «.
BAKER, second hand. 142 Second Ft.
"WANTED— Laundryman. board ing-house, coun-
try, to-day. 11 Stockton St.. upstairs.
ZCIGHT dishwasher; only steady, sober man
r.erd ai'ib; wages $6 per week. S2 Sixth et.
WANTED— Dishwasher at German Hotel. MO
:.rd st.
A COMPETENT salesman lor wholesale milll-
r.fry; ref. required. Address box 2621, Call.
/. RELIABLE, energetic yours man for etock
. >rk in wholesale millinery; reference re-
•, .:r«-d. Address box 2CiO. Call office.
FIUFT-J'LAi^S whitewashers and whiteners;
take charge cf machine on shares. 141K Jack-
ie n Ft.
Y'll'.VG man learn trade; worked nt leather
trade piejeiicd. Trunk factory. Seventeenth
f-t. . rear Folsura.
HANDY man for painting, paporhanplng, up-
boteterinc elr - '• J*' r month, beard and
l ¦ ::l. r;i Grant aw.
ELECTRICIAJC and locksmith wanted at 1704
Polk su Call bt-t. 8 and '-• a. m. Monday.
FIKST-CL.^SS c^atmaker on custom coats;
s-:<ady work. Cail tr>-<lay between fc and 11,
¦»n 2 Kearcy ct.. top floor.
¦".v.AN'TED — Tailor on coal*; Ftea<!y worlc; also
;:..-.=man. 133 1 5 Natorr.a, r.r. New Montgomery.
G'VEHNSIENT rwltions— Do you war.t one?
Get ready now. Circular 116. giving particu-
lars a? t<> salaries, dates of examination, etc..
f^r.t fr»-» by NATIONAL fORHESPOXD-
KNCE INSTITUTE, Washington, D. C. ; write
tc-<iay. i
WANTED— A farsr.er; can have work on a small
fanr. ; steady all the year around. Address
FARMER, box MS*. Call ofBee,
AN experienced mechanical drauehtyman went-
<•»!. Calilcrr.ia Wire Works, S Fremont ft.
Tlin Howard Lodging-house. r>49 Howard Ft..
bet. first an] Second. San Francisco — This
house has changed hands; ha* been thorough-
ly renovated and is the cheapest, cleanest
a"n<3 quietest house in the city; all the rooms
are hard finished close to top and are all out-
e:<if r->oms. admitting fresh air and sunshine;
larjre sunny reading room: Hp«*<:!al attenti'^n to
irioming calls: single rooms, per nitrht. 10c to
68c: per week. Ci>c to $:. J. EITTEUL1X,
proprietor.
WANTED — Men to lenrn barber trade; oily 8
weeks required; situations secured; wages
vrfalle learnint?; transportation paid. GOR-
DON HARBER COLLEGE, 417 North Main
f-l., I>« Angeles.
ilARBERi-; 3-chaIr shop for sale; roust be eold
at once. 215 O'Farrell st-
2-CIIAIR lie barber shop; principal street of
S^n Jose. Apply W. C. B.. 2105 Jones st., S.F.
EAREERS-2 barber chairs and 2 rol»* for sale
cheap; a bargain. Call at 406 Geary «t.
"VTA rCTnr*—Flrf-t-r!ass machinists. L'XION
O.\S ENGINE CO.. 24< yimtbt.. city.
, , i
OKT ycur thon half-foled while waitinc. 2ic to !
Me. M3 Mission i-t.. bet. 1st and M sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the Cnlted Plates
Marine <~crps. U. S. navj" able-bodied, an-
ir.arm.1 men. cf cood character, between the
fipeg of *1 Rnd ZJ year*; not lex? than 5 feet
* '.Tir»,o^ gt.d not over 6 feet 1 inch in heirht:
mo«t be citizens of the Tr.itrd States or r>er-
»->r.» who have lecnlly declared th«-! r Inten-
'..:.« to become citizens; able tc read, write I
cr.-l rp*;ak English properly. For further in-
ronsatloa ojpiy at the Marine Recruiting
Orfip*. o EUis *t.. San Francisco. CaL. cr
'¦''• K st.. Parramfr.lo. Cal. j
ilKN »ant«H5 to learn barber trade: only r»- i
quires nx to eight weeks: day and evening j
• in; ln<Jur-em*nt3 this reason; only]
InsUtotlcD in the world teaching this trade: ;
r>.«^ or cttr and illustrated catalogue mailed I
free MOLI^.'S llAKEEH COLLE'Jt. t3i j
Clay »t. • I
EA1£PUEN. erpteXniiy those rMUas grocera. j
ran ea:n tr r^or.l'.iW w^lllns Climax Peking j
Powder. Fide ::ne. ."^11 r. 4. 21S California. ;
A COATV.\Ki:;;.~. San Jose Woflen Mills. San
Jof», Ca'..
DLACKE1U1 iTs" he!j*r. 33. Tclcsraph ave..
_°^5jind : ¦
WANTF.lt — I r:dtr:>reKser on custom pants, ill i
» Market Ft.
MJ. nz*r Dfn'i shot-!!, slightly damaged. ha".f I
price. .--€2 Mis.- ion ft., bet. 1st und 2d tit. '
WANTHl^— Man to be ircrieraUy useful around
kitchen Hotel Bcprller. 7^,1 .«ctter st.
11KN to lesra oartjerinc ami n-ii. -dressing at S.
F. n_at;bf-r Pt-hocl. 741A Howar \ st.
* N pi'"~ A tfocd livrly sciicttor; big money.
GENTl.rMi:.Vfi suit* to order tl per week, at
<ayh rncfff. N. T_Tai!c r 'ing'Co.. HI Kearr.y.
BAUXH18, cniinary »eamrn and creen hand*;
r«Oi parts of world. ".; KKUM AIT S. 16 Eteuart.
WA NT! ~.l>— laborers end merhanic? to Vr.ovt
Hint FA It.ikln. J>no Hou-e proprietor. ».t!!l
runs Denver House. RJ Th'rd rt.: ISO larca
rooms; 'Z,r ;er night : SI to tl per week.
PKNSIONS-OEO. n. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: 1«
— year*' practice; Examiner hide.
TrtXCffKSTKB Hotel. H Third st.. near Mar-
ket; TOO rooms. 2Zc nlslit; readine room; Tree
1 but* mr.ij taff^agf to and from the ferrv.
:.i\i'!:LL ;iou*e, corr.rr Slx'.h ar.d Howard —
''^nrr» l'.r io 2> per rlchi: «ic tf> $J jwr week.
* UltANCH cfoce for Call adv.-rtlnenitntii and
¦..-¦•:; i, u;i<s has been e^tubllkbcd at 1U'j€ Vi-
l«-r.cla st.
CHEAPEST and bert in America-The Weekly
Ca!!. 16 paires, ser.t to any address In the
T.'nited f-tntea cr Canada one year lor $L
I<usta;e ic:d. •
A FREE shampoo & treatment for falling hair
and dandruff with each 50c bottle of New Dis-
covery Hair Tonic; agents wanted. 118 Eddy.
LADIES— Secret; enlarge bust 6 inches free,
Zanzemetto Co., Dept. 62, Milwaukee, Wis.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
. years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
AMATEUR photographers— Save EO per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
850 Market st., cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Hx3Vi.
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given, 50c each.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
$2 60 MEN'S shoes for $1 SO a pair at the Bea
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St., near Third.
ALL parties having shares in the Sutro Rail-
road not sold to the Sutter-street railroad
address Box 3186, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once: also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing; no
. charge unless loan ie granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room 603, Examiner building. .
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: life insurance. Room 16, first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at low-
est rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
. highest price for old gold, Bilver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell St.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take olevator. Telephone Davis S'J5.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 63. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1*4 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis St., room 34.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
loans to ralaricd people. HARSHBARGER.
222 Ellis at., room 34.
H. MURPHY, 630 Mnrket St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif
TO salaried people; without Becurlty; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
O^ furni tur<?, jh ti nns, "without rcmovfll i no
commission: privats. • LICK. 116 McAllister.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wifou, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
oTI Sixth et.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SCLLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 1M0.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman, 1636 Mission.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes.
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st. nr. Third.
F °H *ale— I extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 606 Golden Gate *T«.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
tall, 16 paces, sent to any address In, the
united States cr Canada on« year lor $1,
postage paid.
IIOUSES TO LETi
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath; stable; good
view, fcn Union et.. near Powell-st. cars.
CALIFORNIA. 2317—9 rooms and bath; 1111
Shotwc-11. 6 rooms, 1-aih and stable.
FELL. 2*1—9 rooms, bath, yard; rent $20.
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms to rent and
furniture for sale; cheap on account of death.
Apply at 249 Stevenson st.
VALPARAISO. C3— 6 rooms; rent $12; water in-
cluded.
6 ROOMS, bath, garden; rent $S; with cheap
furniture for sale. 3?S9 Seventeenth st.
$30 — {-STORY corner house; $ large rooms, bath,
haspment: al?o house of 8 rooms; marine view.
Leavenworth and Chestnut Bts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. m wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET FLltNISHEO.
BELVEDERE— Furnished house. Apply room
S3, Chronicle bids.
CALIFORNIA. 1.11. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
room !v.<u«e. completely furnished.
CITY. 14 r., complete; Iiroadway, Oakland, 12
r.. near I.oke M*-rr!tt. THE MCCARTHY CO..
646 Market »t.. San Francisco.
FURNISHED house of 5 rooms and bath: S20.
Apply at 61S Santa Clara eve.. Alameda.
HANDSOMELY furnished cottage: rent for
summer months very reasonable. 2832 Bush St.
HOUSES WAKTBD.
WANTED— The care of a house in return for
rent by a young couple. Box 2619. Call office.
LOST AXU FOUND.
PERSONALS.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR BAUD.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Heal Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery st.
$1750— San Jose ave.; cozy cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; 26x90; easy terms.
$2000— Corner; 125x70: short distance from Mls-
sion-st. cars; 2-story house of 7 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; sani-
tary plumbing; fruit trees.
$2500— Rents $336 per annum; 2 houses and lot;
25x80; near Fifth and Folsom sts.
$2750— Very cheap Mission home: nice 2-story
bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; 25x114; sunny
Bide of street; half block from Castro-
st. cars.
$4000— Bargain; Pine Ft.; nice 2-story and base-
ment bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath: 25x137:6; nicely located.
$4000— Rents $492 per annum: 4 fiats and lot
25x90; near Ellis and Pierce sts.
$5200— Very cozy cottage on Devisadero Ft.; 5
rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100; to
close an estate.
, $3750— Price greatly reduced; Guerrero st. ; 2-
story bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; small
amount cash; 23x123.
$3600— Rents $360 per annum; park residence;
very cozy, new modern house of 6 rooms
and bath and lot.
$10,500— Rents $1020 per annum: main street In-
• side of Larkin St.; 2 houses of 8 rooms
and bath each; steam heater, etc.;
40:6x137:6 to an alley.
$31,000— Mission st.; business property; brick Im-
provements of little value: lot 31:4%xlG0
to rear street; this Is a bargain.
510,000— nent3 $1118 per annum; Mason St.; 6
flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each;
39:6x97:6.
$14,350— Rents $1140 per annum; corner on Eddy
at.; Btore and 2 flats and 2-story house;
lot 23x100, with an "L" 25x27.
New map of San Francisco County,
25c.
Choice list of building lots in every
part of the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Es-
tate Records." which contains a\list of
properties for tale in all parts of the
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB. SALE.
HELP WATTED — MALE.
"We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farmn, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
having had 40 years' knowledge and experience
In the value of lands, and being the owner of
an income-producing orchard and vineyard, can
intelligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State. Call or writ*
for what you want and state (1) the amount of
money you wish to Invest. <2) number of acres
you prefer, <3) use for which land is desired.
(4) whether improved or unimproved land is d»-
slred. (5) locality preferred. (6) any further in-
formation that will enable us' to understand
your wants, and we will then send you such de-
scriptions only as will be of Interest to you.
DAVID BUSH A SOX. 14 Post at.
LEVEL cleared fruit land: ICO acres J2SC0. \l.
GRIFFIN'. 719 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market— 120 acres cheap; po-
tatoes, apples, berries, wood, water, house.
FOR sale— Salinas: house with corner lot 60 feet
front on Main street by 130 feet deep: black-
smith shop, new windmill and tank; well
fenced: would qualify for saloon also: price
$750; if desired J2T.0 on mortgage at 10 per
cent. Inquire at old brewery, Henry Schlnkel.-
SANTA Cruat homes; fruit and chicken ranches;
call or send for bargain list. Western Land
Co.. <40 Market st.
FOR sale at a bargain — In Cottage Terrace,
within *i of mile of Stanford University, a
block 250x250; fenced, with variety of bearing
fruit trees; also 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lots 37x123 at tame place. Address S. S.
TOWNSEND. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 211
MAItIN CO.. 2S miles from S. F.— J4O to JSO per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME ANl>
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. 3.F.
TO lease — ISO-acre ranch. Lake County: 8 acres
bearing orchard; 1 acre berries; 13 acres
corn; 10 acres vegetable land; abundance of
wood and water; house 5 room?, barn and out-
buildings. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. r. A.
FOR sale — Bargain: 70-acre ranch, near Xew-
castle, Placer County. Inquire 767 Market st.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Colusa Co.:
1240 acres; $10 an acre: 300 grain, rest tn hill
land. M. 8. CHAXDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
87H ACRES; under cultivation; best land; 15
acres in grain; 7 acres In apples, balance,
potatoes and pasture; 2 stations, Vi and 3
miles out: 2 dwellings, barn and 12 outbuild-
ings: horses, cattle, chickens. machinery,
wagons: all first-class: $7300. Particulars by
J. L. JARMAN, Owner. Aptos. Santa Cruz
County.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. _
BUCHANAN. 6«2. corner Fell— Sunny bay-
window and kitchen, furnished; housekeeping;
ztove: |12.
BUSH. 1408— Rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. ¦
CALIFORNIA. 832. near Powell— Furnished,
beautiful parlors or rooms; low; most deslr.
CHESTNUT. 2931. North Beach— Furnished
housekeeping room: cheap; fine view; sunny.
ELLIS, 63S, nr. Larkin— Nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping, with use of bath.
FELL, MS— Nice sunnyfront room for lady with
child: use of kitchen.
FILLMORE. €19. near Hayes— 1. 2 or I sunny
housekeeping rooms; German private family.
FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished room:
light housekeeping ; $1 50 week.
FOLSOM. S34 — Large sunny bay- window room;
kitchen: bath: private; 13: nisi 2 others. 12.
FOLSOM, 1530— Sunny alcove furnished room
for two gentlemen or light housekeeping.
FOURTH. 223— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping: also slnzle rooms.
GUEBRERO. 3TJ— 2 sunny rooms, furnished
complete far housekeeping: also unfurnished
room; cheap.
HOWARD, 1C61 — 2 connecting completely fur-
nished housekpg. rtns. : others; running water.
HYDE. 408— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen
complete for housekeeping. $13.
JACKSON. 924 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping : water free.
JESSIE. 373. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping rooms. $3.
LARKIN. 1004. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms: light housekpg; small run Si.
MARTHA place, «, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Sunny room single or 2 for hkpg; coo.
MINNA. 28— Sunnr furnished housekeeping and
single rooms. 7Sc and tl per week. ¦
MISSION 1322—3 or 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for home keeping; bath; 112 to $13.
MOSS. 13. oft Howards near Seventh— I or 1
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
NINTH 12S 1 *— Nicely furnished front bay-
window room, with kitchen; rent reasonable.
OAK GROVE ave.. 17. bet. 5th and «th. off
Harrison — Large clean furnished front room:
hskpg. If desired: by American lady: cheap.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Paga Thirty. ,Knights of Pythias.
The following are the cftmmlttees that
have been named by Grand Chancellor
JeteT for the current term: Grand tribunal
— D. C. Clark, George Samuels, T. "J. 1 Crow
ley; credentials— H. Klaproth, H. Hahman,
T. - Huber; endowment rank— J. Samuels'
C. MUly, A. L. SeJig; finance— C. S. Hoff
man, C. H. Barrett. G. S. Bachman; fra
ternal review— WillJ. Beattie. J. J. Arm
strong, J. B. ¦ Dennis; law— B. V
Sargent, E. I. Wolfe, S. N. Reed. C. w!
Nevin, F. J. Brandon: mileage and : per
diem— F. James, E. Ulman. J. A. Johnson;
petitions and grievances — P. V. Kelly; "W
F.-Foss, B. S. Rector, F. M. Goodrich, S.
W. -Powell; 'Pythian home— Stanton L.
Carter, P. S. R. ; A. M. Bledsoe, F. V.
Fowler, L. E. Blumberg, B. S. Logan, H.
Anti-Poolselling Case,
The attack on the anti-pool-selling ordi
nance was argued before Judge Murasky
yesterday. The people were represented
by District Attorney .Byington, Assistant
City Attorney Brobeck and Henry Ach
George D. Collins, who appeared for the
pool-sellers, argued that the ordinance,
was unconstitutional In that Its purpose
is not fully set-forth, that it was Irregu
larly passed and attempted to prohibit a
vocation that is not prohibited by the
State law. idSBmSSSam
Mesdames Madden. Lloyd. Fletcher and
Hockmeister contributed some excellent
vocal selections, to the evening's pro
gramme.
Previous to the election of officers Mrs.
Alice' G. Mahoney read a splendid paper
entitled. "Retrospect of. the Nineteenth
Century; What We May Expect in the
Twentieth."
The Elizabeth Cady Stanton Club met
last evening at the club's headquartera,
771 Haight street, and elected officers for
the new term which begins the second
Saturday in September. The following of
ficers were chosen: President. Dr. Anna
Barnes; vice president. Mrs. Jeanette
Fisher; recording secretary and treasurer,
Mrs. II. \V. Andrews; corresponding sec
retary, Mrs. Alice G. Mahoney.
Term, Which Begins in
September.
Officers Are Elected for the New
STANTON SUFFRAGE .";
CLUB IN SESSION
S V Water «».. 115 — Makawell S Co 47 47«
Do 4s 103H — Onomea S Co.. —
Do 3d mortg. — 102 Paauhau S Co. 31H 33
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — Miscellaneous--
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.H7H —
Contra Costa.. 71 72Vi Cal Fruit Asn. 9SH 95*i
Mann County. RO — Mer Es As«n.. — ino
Erring Valley. 94% 96 Oceanic S Co.. — 94
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. 143 —
Cent L & P.... SH — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con gg 25
40 Giant Powder Con gs 00
6 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 50
$5000 Market-st Ry 1st con 6 per cent. ...US 75
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 37'i
50 Spring Valley Water, b 3 34 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
X 'Moraine. Session. \
Board —
SO Home OH 4 70
10 San Joaquln m
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Mornlng Session.
10O Confidence 611 200 Overman is
100 Hale & Norc... 27| 200 Savage 19
200 Mexican SI ICO Silver Hill 3.$
ICO Occidental 13 50 Standard .../*».4 30
ROOphir 71'
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning * Session.
200 Caledonia 91]200Ophir 71
200 Con Cal & Va..l 501 500 Savage i»
200 Hale & Norc... ZJ\ 500 Savage is
300 Mexican 21 200 Savage 17
6C0Ophir 70 200 Utah u
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAT. June 9—12 m.
Bid.Ask Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 08 00
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash .... 02 03
Belcher 19 20 Mexican w 21
Best & Belcher 23 27 Occidental ..... 12 it
Bullion 02. 03 Ophlr 71 72
Caledonia! 91 93 Overman 15 ]g
Chollar-. 21 22 Potosi ;i 53
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 13 13
Confidence ..... 61 62 Scorpion — * <)¦»
Con Cal & Va.'.l 45 I SOjSeg Belcher.... 01 C3
Con Imperial.. — 01. Sierra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill 33 m
Crown Point... 08 09 St Louis • j-.
Eureka Con 60 Standard 4 30 4 40
Exchequer ..... 01 03 Syndicate — jo
Gould & Curry 13 15 Union Con .... 20 T>
Hale & Norc... 26 23. Utah 13 \\
I Julia ..j/K^..... — 0V[Tellow Jacket.. H 15
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirty-One.
The executive council is making ar
rangements to send out organizers in vari
ous parts of the jurisdiction.
Hip;h Chief Ranger Boehm visited Court
Santa Amanda last week. He visited
Court Bohemian, when it was announced
that on the second Tuesday In July the
officers will be publicly Installed. The
high chief ranger also visited Court Gar
field. He is arranging for a trip south,
starting at Merced In the middle of July
and continuing down to San Diego.
Court Kensington during the past week
initiated six candidates, Court Santa
Amanda received five applications and
Court Bohemian received several applica
tions.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
II M Cross. N Y
W H Atkinson, Napa
F Paul, Sebastopol
J Williams, San Jose
G H StiehJ. Cal
F Russell. Cal
W P Henderson. Cal
H Warren. Cal
G Sanders, Cal
T C McGeophegan, Cal
O II Klttredze. S Jose
C McNaughton, S Rosa
P M Dufficy. Sta Rosa
E J Rogers, Lompoc
W Engebring, Germany
J H Blackmore, Salins
A II Hart, New York
G Gross, Ashland
F" Clerenger. Dayton
F Clark, Sta Barbara
K B Ward, Oroville
J Feaster, Mare Island
Miss L Turner. La Ans
L A Spitzer, San Jose
J H Ironsides, Sn Jose
PALACE
H Levy, NY
W R Dudley Stanford
K G Dudley, Stanford
B JllTialovltch & w. O
Klsie Mihalovitch, O
F P Fell. Syracuse
H F Nash. St Loula j
C C Stillman. N Y
Mrs W H Dunphy, Cal
C Dunphy. Cal
J O Horan & w, Butte
F W Schmidt, Astoria
C Schmidt, Astoria
O J Rlley, Chicago
F W Worcester. Spok
F F Rodgers, Denver
A L Levlnsky. Stktn
G T Buffum. ft Louis
C W Cook. N Y
H Wohl. N Y
E W Twlndell. N Y
W W Law Jr. N Y
Mrrs W S Taylor, Cal
Miss M Taylor, Cal
NEW WEST1
W Deane & w, Pomona
A J Stromlng Peta
J Wickers. W Grove
G D Reynolds, S Jose
A G Hannon, Gr Gulch
J B Pemorile, Indian G
C Ryan. Los Angeles
A I> Qulnn, Sta Cruz
T Meagher, Sacto
Miss Peerman. S Rosa
Mrs de JIcNeel. S Rosa
A D Graham, Cambria
W G Peterson. St Rosa
H Green. Cambria
C Langley. Sn Leandro
W J Stevens, Ls Ang
C O ¦Wij-cins, Phila
G J Well, Buffalo I
J L Riddle. San Jose
G S McMartry. LGatos
S K Johns. Los Gatos
G P IJlock. San Jose
A W Bodenbenr. Mo
A D Graham, Chicago
W B Nutter, Stockton
W D Almy, Chicago
S F Koepke, Wash
W H Atkinson. Xapa.
R C Cline. Los Ane
TV J Pealrs, Bombay
J C Campbell. Nev Cty
Mrs C A Palm. Sacto
E W King, Ukiaa
HOTEL.
G D Edmunds & w.Cal
S HWhitehead, London
D A Robinson, Seattle
H C McClure. S Jose
S Culin. Philadelphia
H K O'Brien, Los Ang
G J Bancroft & w,
Denver
G J Lewis, Los Ang
H Pennock & w. Oakld
B A Steinman, Sacto
A J Marcus, S Mateo
A J Marcus & w, Cal
Miss Stern, S Mateo
MIrs M A Demarest,
N Y
Miss S I. Ackler. N Y
Mrs N B Scott, W Va
J H Fuller, III
D K Drake, N Y
M H Samson. Chicago
Mrs W Garig. La
"Eleanor Garig. La
W P Connell, Tenn
:rn hotel.
T Mass, Stockton
A J Anderson. Benlcla
W cn:nn. Chicago
H H Wells, Minn
W L White & fy, Cal
G M Sheehan & w, O
L Wartenberg. L Ans
K L Terry, London
J A Watts. China
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
The Supreme Council at its session In
Montreal recently elected the following
supreme officers: W. Holt Apgar of Tren
ton. N. J.. supreme regent (re-elected);
Joseph Langfitt of Plttsburg. Pa., vice
regent; A. S. Robinson of St. Louis, Mo.,
orator; Edson V. Schryver of Baltimore,
Md., S. V. P. R.; W. O. Robson of Los
ton. Mass.. secretary; E. A. Skinner of
Westfield, X. Y.. treasurer; A. J. Turner
of Massachusetts, S. A.; U. W. Tomp
klns of Norfolk, Va., conductor; H. S.
Burkhardt of Chicago, 111., S. G.; Isaac
W. Caulfleld of New York. S. W.; Carl
Moller of St. Louis. Mo.. S. S.; J. M. John
son of Chicago, W. H. Beebee of Revena,
Ohio, and C. H. Premiss of Hartford,
Conn., trustees. At the close of the ses
sion It was announced that an era of
prosperity had increased the order be
yond expectation and that the member
ship now exceeds 200.000; that an emerg
ency fund of $1,600,000 has been accumu
lated for the purpose of meetlnp death
claims: also that the order had promptly
met all claims, having since the previous
session disbursed $2,155,270 to beneficiaries.
The twenty-third anniversary of the or
der will be celebrated In this city by the
local councils at a union meeting to be
held In Shiels' building on th© 28th inst..
when a fine programme will be presented.
Royal Arcanum.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jun» >-BXtn
Mary V.'inke!rr.ana, from Kind; itmr Saa Juan,
hence June 4.
Sailed June 9— Bktn Klikitat. for HonoIuTa;
schr Prosper, for Kobe; stmr Bertha, for Ko
diak; U S stmr Columbin*. for ; U S stair
Adams, for . „
EVERETT— Sailed June »— Stmr John S Ktm
ball. for San Francisco, in tow of tujr Sea
SKATTLE— Arrived June S— Ship Iroquots.
hence May 26. June 9— Stmr San Juan. henc«
June 4. .. . ..
Hailed June 9-Stmr Farallon. for Nome.
FORT ROSS— Sailed June »— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Juaa 7— Scar Asa.
lea. from San Dlero. ..... . «
Sailed June »-Stmr Co<juUl» River, for Saa
F Sallcd C0 June 9-Schrs C H Merchant and
Queen, for San Francisco; »clir J«nal» Stella,
f< FORT F BRAGG— Arrived Jaa« »— Stmr N*a
"^k^-^eVju^Vschr Ida McKay,
for San Francisco; »chr Maxim, for San Fran
cisco; stair Del Norte. for Coos Bay; »tinr Po-
m pORT"LOS a ANGELES-^Salled June 9— Simr
ASTORIA— Arrived Jun» 9— Stmr/ttohimbU.
"rEENWOOD- Sailed June 9— Star WMtes
boro, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived June *— ICor «tn»
Leander. from Tacoma.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 8 — Ger star Vol
umnta. hence Feb 10.
ANTWERP- Arrived June 7— Ger ship Ald.8
baran, from Oregon.
FA LMOL'TH— Arrived June 8— Br ship Crats
more. from Oregon. June 9 — Ger ship Colum
bia, hence Feb 15.
Sailed June S— Ger ship Nereus. for Hull
HULL— Arrived June *— Br ship Rajore, henca
Feb 13. June 9— Fr bark Noeml. hence Feb 8.
PANAMA— Arrived May 21— Stmr Costa IUca,
from Champerico.
KINS ALE— Passed June 8— Br ship Gle»nholnj.
from Oregon, for Queenstown: Br ship Lamor
na. from Tacoma. for Antwerp.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed May 4— Haw ship Star
of Russia, for Sydney.
CALETA BITENA— Sailed April IS— Chll bark
Bertha, for Port Townsend.
J UNIX-Sailed April 2S— Bktn Encore, for Saa
Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed June S— Br ship Ilala, for
Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 8— Br baric
Norfolk Island, hence Feb 12: Ger bark Theo
dor, hence Feb 11: Fr bark Jules Verr.e. from,
Oregon. June 0— Br ship Glenholm. from Ore
gon and sailed for Dublin; Br ship Lacoraa,
from Tacoma and sailed for Cardiff
NEWCASTLE-. Aus»— Sailed Juns 9— Schr Wn
Bowden, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 9— Stmr
America Maru, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Hongkong; stmr Argyle, from Hong
kong, for San Diego.
NEW YORK-Satled Jnne 9-Stmr Island, for
• op *2?. Ben ' etc: Btmr Pretoria, for Hamburg.
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr J>*iaa:,».
for London: stmr Laurentian. for Glasgow;
stmr btatendam. for Rotterdam, via Boulogne:
stmr Ftruria. for Liverpool
fo J. IA^RE— Sailed June 9—Stmr La Campagne.
VLADIVOSTOK- Arrived June 1-Stmr Tyr,
from s?an Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jur.? 9-Rtmr
iivtiSH San Francisee. via Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 9— Stmr Lucania.
from New York.
t Sall | d J un e 8-Stmr Georgia, for New York.
a xr£^ mr Un »brta. for New York.
. ANTWERP-Salled June 9-Stmr Westem
land, for Kiw York,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 9. 10 p ia— Weatfeer
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
DISASTER.
NEWCASTLE, Aus. June 8 — Bark Harvester,
from Delagoa. Bay. bound to this port to load
coal for Honolulu, is a total loss on Seal Rocic,
Crew saved.
Saturday. Juno. D.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Brass.
Btmr Crescent City. Stoekfletn, Crescent City.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund. .
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Bark Amy Turner. Warland. Hilov
Br bark Antiope. Murray. Chemalnna.
Schr John A, Nllsson. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Henderson. Cape Nome,
Schr Abble. Peterson. Willasa Harbor.
Slcop Impossible, Low. Point Reyes.
SPOKEN.
May 4. lat 6 N. Ion 26 W— Shl:> P JT BTaa
chard, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
CLEARED.
Saturday. Jena B.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter. Hoaoratu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. Jnn« 9.
Strar State of California. Gage. SS hours frosi
Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Cleone.. Madsen. 3S hocrs from Saa
Pedro.
Strar "Westport. Ericsson. i5 hours froia Saa
Pedro.
i; S stmr Grant. Rufcrd. SI £aya from. Manila,
vin Nagasaki IS days.
Ship E B Sutton, Carver. 2* days from Hono
lulu.
Maw ship Balclutha, Hatfleld. 71 days frc~
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Eva. Ramselius. 15 days frain Hana
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow. 23 day* from
Honolulu.
At the meeting: of the executive council
Grand Chief Ranger Asher announced the
following standing committees: Finance-
Max Grimm. George D. Goldman. J. "W.
McCoy;.laws — John Henan, J. E. O'Brien.
J. J. Cordy; supplies— Frank Conklln, J.
J. Cordy. W. M. John: press and publicity
—John Heenan. Frank Conklln and ¦ J. E.
O'Brien. The last .three named were ap
pointed a special committee to prepare
resolutions to the memory of the late
Lewis Thome, S. P. C. R.
Court Sutro Heights will hold Its quar
terly summoned meeting to-morrow
night, when there will be nomination and
election of officers, action on the new by
laws and a collation.
Foresters of America,
TO SAIL.
Propagation — The grand protector, vice
protector, treasurer, past grand protector
and secretary.
Foreigrn correspondence — Sarah Bever
son, G. Wldder, Doras Kaplan.
Honored dead— Mrs. M. E. CDonnell,
James P. Dockery, Dr. F. Kemp van Ee.
Press— Mrs. Emma Qultzow, Mr3. B. Op
penhelmer. Louisa. Blgler.
State of the order — Mrs. Minnie- Krebs,
E. H. Bourglngon, Mrs. Lillle B. Holcomb.
Credentials and returns— Mrs. M. E.
Cummlngs, J. J. Hurley, Mrs. P. Dunz
weller.
Grand Protector Whltten has appointed
the following committees for th© current
term: Laws and supervision— S. American,
H. F. Bolllnger, Miss Emma T. Parker.
Finance— P. J. Joyce. Mrs. M. E. Dun
can. Mrs. Jennie Dinklage.
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
TO ARRIVE.
rnmTinTiionct of the Forest.
Last week Franklin Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest grave an en
tertainment Jn its ha:i at which there
were present many of the members. &rand
officers and visitors, who were treated to
an interesting and entertaining: pro
gramme, musical and literary. This was
followed by a dance that was greatly en
joyed by the younger portion of the audl
ence
The supreme grand chief Is preparing
her list of deputies who are to assist her
in the work of the order during the cur
rent term. 1 , , ,
Piedmont Circle In Oakland waa visited
last week by Supreme Secretary Mrs.
Florence N. Morrow.
Fidelity Circle at its last neld session
received a number of strangers by Initia
tion.
Last night Washington Circle gave a
surprise party to Mrs. Sherman. Its dep
uty. It was a. very enjoyable affair.
Franklin Circle will hold an open meet-
Ing on the 14th lnst. on which occasion
M. Boehm. P. S. O. C. C, will deliver an
address on "Fraternity."
Bohemian Circle has several candidates
to initiate.
NOTE— In the abov* exposition of th« tides
the early mornln< tides are given la th» left
hand column and the successive tiC»a of th-»
d*y in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column elves th* second tide of
the dar. the third time column th« third tide
and til* last or right hand colaan elves th-»
lait tide of th« day. except when taere are but
three tides, aa sometimes occur*. Tbe.hetxht*
given are to addition to the soundings on *-¦»
United St - . Coast Survey cnarts. I exempt
when a *¦ -flos sign (— > precedes the \ height,
and thta the number riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The pSane ci
referrne* Is the mean of th* lower low t^atrrn.
SUNDAY. JUNE 10.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlga and i^ w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official hl .
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur a-.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abou:
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Poir.r;
the height of tide Is the tame at both plaiva.
Order of Chosen Hands.
Pacific Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends will be entertained on the night
of the 15th lnst. with a programme ar
ranged by the ladles of the council, as a
return compliment for the entertainment
recently given by the gentlemen of the
council. The ladies expect to present a
programme that will surpass the one pre
viously offered. ' .,
Since the 14th of May Grand Councilor
Savage has visited Folsom. Placerville.
Georgetown. Dutch Flat. Grass Valley.
Nevada City, \ DownievUle. Forest City.
Reno. Virginia City. Bridgeport. Bodie
and Carson. At each of these places there
was a public meeting in the Interest of
the order and a good attendance. At
Georgetown four of the audience made
aP^l l °SouJit%m initiate three 'can
didates at its meeting on the 14th inat.
Social Council will Initiate candidates on
the night of the 7th.
Teutonla and Germania councils will
1 organizer has been put in the
field, and it is expected that in a short
time the grand officers will be called upon
to institute new councils.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. s «»-.
chants' Exchange. Saa Francisco" CaT*
June 9. 1300. * *- a --
The time ball oa the tower of the new Fs—
building was dropped at exactly noon to-ia'---
I «. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or a- *
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. • ¦
Lleoteriant Commander. 17. S. N.. In a rg»
Time Ball.
S. Tuttle, J. A. Wilson; | C^J^:
Huntszch. F. B. Larmar. W. J. Be * tu |*
rules-C. O. Alkire. C. W. J*ns. J-£-
Holmes; on state of order— H. £• . A X t '
P. G. C: C. R. Lindsay. P. G. C... £"* J :
Pattern,. P. G. C; J. H. Gyselaar, P. S . «-.
J. H. Liggett; uniform rank-L. T. *" a £ K
mar. P. G. C: TV. A. Fish. R. F. Burns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
Steamer Movements
Shipping Intelligence.
30
Sun, Moon and Tide.
3un rises., •
Sun sets i'Sl"
Moon sets «:¦" a
a.
O ITlme ' Time Time Time
- L_ — Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L. W H W L. W H W
• ... 2:55 O.C 9:53 S.I 1:59 2.9 S:»
10 ... I:S3 0.1 10:42 4.0 »:?« 3.0 9:03
11 ... 4:12—0.3 11:29 4.2 3:32 3.1 »:33
13 ... 4:51 — ©.« 12:14 4.5 4:21 3.2 1O:1S
13 ... 6:32—0.8 12:55 4.7 5:11 3.3 11:04
!4 ... 6:15 -0.S 1:37 4.8 «:03 3.2 U:33|
15... «:S«-0.7 2:13 5.0 7:00 S.I
H W IL W III XV L W
IS ... 0:4S 5.5) 7:« — 0.4| 2:53 5.1 8:0l|
J.J
5.T
5.?
5.*
5.?
2.8
Steamer.
I
From
I Dae.
Coos Bay........ Vewport Juna 1*0
Matteawaa .... Tacoma ¦ ¦ Juns irs
Pomona Hi:mf>oMt.. ............... Jur.* i:|
Empire Coos Bay JunalO)
City or Puebla. Victoria & Pujet Sound Juaa Ux
CoqulT!^ River.. Orays Harbor Juns n\
TV'arfleld Oyster Harbor ' June 11 I
China China and Japan......... June \i >
Corona San Diego ....___ June in
Arcata Coos Bay ——. Juns 12|
Progrvso ....... Tacoma. ....... ........... Jun» 121
Titanla IXanalnao Jun» «*
Tellus lOyster Harbor - Jua« 12 1
Orizaba [Seattle Jon o li
North Fork iHumboIdt Jans 13 |
Winamett» |S«attle - Juns 13,
Columbia Portland .... Jun» U ]
Bontta Newport . June 14/
Newbure Grays Harbor '.*¦—¦ June 1»;
Crescent City... Crescent City June 1-.-
Polnt Arena.... Mendocino « Jun» t>
Carlisle City.... China and Japan June 13
Robt. Adamson Xanaiino June IS 1
Cniverse lOyster Harbor June IS
Steamer. | Destination. | SalU. | Pitt.
Santa Ron. San EMego Jane 10. 11 am Pier li
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. June 10. 11 am Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Juna 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of Cal Portland June 12. 11 an: Pier 2»
Pomona .... Humboldt June 12. Pier t
Coos Bay... Newport .Tune 12. » am Piw 1"
Emplre ....[Coos Bay {June 12. 4 pmll'ler U
Marlposa ..Sydney tJune 13, 8 pmiiier ;
Corona San Dlegro IJune 14. 11 aralPler H
Hongkns M CUna& Japan .Tune 14. lpm[PM33
Arcata Coos Bay June 14. 13 m Pier IS
City PJiebla Vic & P(rt Sd. June 15 IPler 9
Steamer. I Destination. I
Steamer. | Destination. | SalU. | Pitt.
Santa Ron. San EMego Jane 10. 11 am Pier li
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. June 10. 11 am Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Juna 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of Cal Portland June 12. 11 an: Pier 2»
Pomona .... Humboldt June 12. Pier t
Coos Bay... Newport .Tune 12. » am Piw 1"
Emplre ....[Coos Bay {June 12. 4 pmll'ler U
Marlposa ..Sydney tJune 13, 8 pmiiier ;
Corona San Dlegro IJune 14. 11 aralPler H
Hongkns M CUna& Japan .Tune 14. lpm[PM33
Arcata Coos Bay June 14. 13 m Pier IS
City PJiebla Vic & P(rt Sd. June 15 IPler 9
Steamer. I Destination. I
Steamer.
I
From
I Dae.
Coos Bay........ Vewport Juna 1*0
Matteawaa .... Tacoma ¦ ¦ Juns irs
Pomona Hi:mf>oMt.. ............... Jur.* i:|
Empire Coos Bay JunalO)
City or Puebla. Victoria & Pujet Sound Juaa Ux
CoqulT!^ River.. Orays Harbor Juns n\
TV'arfleld Oyster Harbor ' June 11 I
China China and Japan......... June \i >
Corona San Diego ....___ June in
Arcata Coos Bay ——. Juns 12|
Progrvso ....... Tacoma. ....... ........... Jun» 121
Titanla IXanalnao Jun» «*
Tellus lOyster Harbor - Jua« 12 1
Orizaba [Seattle Jon o li
North Fork iHumboIdt Jans 13 |
Winamett» |S«attle - Juns 13,
Columbia Portland .... Jun» U ]
Bontta Newport . June 14/
Newbure Grays Harbor '.*¦—¦ June 1»;
Crescent City... Crescent City June 1-.-
Polnt Arena.... Mendocino « Jun» t>
Carlisle City.... China and Japan June 13
Robt. Adamson Xanaiino June IS 1
Cniverse lOyster Harbor June IS
3un rises., •
Sun sets i'Sl"
Moon sets «:¦" a
a.
O ITlme ' Time Time Time
- L_ — Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L. W H W L. W H W
• ... 2:55 O.C 9:53 S.I 1:59 2.9 S:»
10 ... I:S3 0.1 10:42 4.0 »:?« 3.0 9:03
11 ... 4:12—0.3 11:29 4.2 3:32 3.1 »:33
13 ... 4:51 — ©.« 12:14 4.5 4:21 3.2 1O:1S
13 ... 6:32—0.8 12:55 4.7 5:11 3.3 11:04
!4 ... 6:15 -0.S 1:37 4.8 «:03 3.2 U:33|
15... «:S«-0.7 2:13 5.0 7:00 S.I
H W IL W III XV L W
IS ... 0:4S 5.5) 7:« — 0.4| 2:53 5.1 8:0l|
J.J
5.T
5.?
5.*
5.?
2.8
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
Finest • Equipment at : Moderate Rates.
of John Olsen, a son.
PETERSON— In this city, June 8. 1900, to the
wife of C. J. Peterson, a daughter.'
PLATE— In this city;, June 4. 1900. to the wife
of William G. Plate, a son. -.-.>/. v
PLUMB— In this city. May 28. 1900, to the wife
of A. C. Plumb. ; a son.
RIEGELHUTH— In. this city, June 8, 1300, to
the wife of George Riegelhuth. a son. -
ROLPH— In this dty,*May 25, 1900, to the wife
of George M. Uolph. ; a daughter.
BIMS— In this city, May 16. 1900, to the wife of
Joseph Sims Jr., a daughter. . •
SMITH— In this city, June 5, 1200, to the wife
of Hugh Smith, a son.
i BORN.
BERIER— In this city. June 8, 1900, to the wife
of F. E Berier, a son.
BESTHORN-ln this city, June 6, 1900, to th«
wife of Charles Besthorn, a daughter./
COOK— In this city, June 2, 1900. to the wife of
Walter I. Cook, a daughter.
DWYER— In this city. May 27, 1300, to th« wife
of T. J. Dwyer. a daughter.
EDWARDS— In this city. May 15. 1900, to the
wife of R. E. Edwards, a daughter.
GRACIER— In this city. June 6. 1900. to the
wife of Bert S. Grader, a son.
HAMMARQUEST— In this city. Juno 8, 1900, to
the wife of Gust. C. Hammarquest, a son.
HAYES— In Oakland. June 2. 1900, to the wife
of Michael L. Hayes, a! son.
KLITGUARD— In this city, June 9, 1900, to the
wife of Captain C. F. KUtguard, a daughter.
LIVINGSTON— In Oakland, May 29, 1900, to the
.wife of J. Livingston, a daughter. -
OLSEN— In this city. May 15, 1900. to the wife
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Prosper S. Bambuck. 34, 4 Filbert street, and
Matilda Ickhoff, 17, 112% Langton street,
Francisco Bettencourt, 30, 116 Jackson street,
and Maria da Gloria, 28, 116 Jackson street.
Luigi Tlmossl, ?5. 628 Broadway, and Mary
Bartali, 17. 672 McAllister street.
Samuel J. Wilkins, 31, 3008 Fillmore street,
and Helena Kruse. 25, 302 Eighth avenue.
Oloff H. Anderson, 38. 132 Clara street, and
Anna L. Huttunen, 33, 132 Clara street.
John Mitchell, 31. Redding; and Ellen Lyons,
28, city. ;
John L. Martoella, 27, 136 Huron avenue, and
Antolnetta Avegeno, 22. 136 Huron avenue.
Henry Schaefer. S3, Santa Rosa, and Emma
C. Wessner, IS, 621 Commercial street.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Guy T. Soott. 27, Wheeling West Va.. and
Lelia G. Voorhies. 20. 2111 California street.
James A. Curran, 27. 2344% Mission street, and
Mangle Fa hey. 24, S3S7 Twenty-sixth street.
George W. Smith, 31. 2726 Mission street, and
NHle Hevel, 24, Woodland.'
Theodore Tillmann. 28, Stockton, and Eliza-
beth Roscvear, 25, city.
David Varacchi. 22. IS Ohio place, and Clara
1-avezo. 16, 766 Brannan street.
Hastiano de Vincenzi. 30, 602 Francisco street,
ami Mary Lavezo, 19, 766 Brannan street.
John de Ariebe Alzaga, 24, 6 Filbert place, and
Hermenia Gianni. 22, 6 Filbert place.
John R. Rowlands. 28. Oakland, and Mary H.
Hunter, 33. 1457 Valencia etreet.
Carroll Holmes, 22. Oakland, and Ethylle G.
Shav.', 19, Oakland.
Pietro Bertolcnl, 34, 1410 Twenty-ninth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, and Theresa Gari-
baldi. 18. 1045 Thirty-third avenue. South San
Francisco.
Charles Patton, 24, 267 Ban Carlos avenue,
and Jessie M. Cranston, 23, 1727 Page street.
< LICENSES.
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 18. of
eeventy-flve cents <75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 Califdrnla et., San Francisco, on
June 11. 1900. Transfer books close June 4,
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation ComDany will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
MONDAY. June 11. 1900. Transfer books will
close on Monday, June 4. 1S00. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 10 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
ofiice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Friday. June IS, 1000. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, June 9, 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT, sunny Eastlake cottage of 6 large
rooms; very cozy and complete; terraced lawn;
choice location; nice garden, etc.; carpets on
the floor can be bougltt: everything first-class.
"We have others besides this. GEORGE W.
AUSTIN & CO.. House Brokers, 1008 Broad-
way, Oakland; telephone Red 6G6.
FOR rent, furnished, including piano, subur-
ban home of 11 rooms; horse and cow; stable;
nice garden: elegant view; can be had for
four months at $40 per month, including
water. Apply 506 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
ZIOO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAK. 119— Large, tunny basement room, fur-
nished lor housekpg. ; yard, range, atorage; $6.
O'FAHRKLL, 725— Lower floor of 4 rooms; part-
ly furnished: runny; large yard.
POST. 27:! — < furnished rooms for housekeeping:
call 1 to 2 or 7 to S p. m.
SACRAMENTO. 1512-Lanre sunny front alcov*
room; private family; unfurnished.
SACRAMENTO. 1S14— Large tunny front bay-
wii.dow room, second floor: elegantly fur-
nished; running water; grate; gas; light
housekeeping allowed.
SHOTWELL. 219. bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth — Ttvo housekeeping rooms.
EIXTH, 420-Day-window housekeeping suite,
$11; runninc water, bath; other rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 1N4— Two 6unny front rooms;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
SUTTER, HIT rr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single, eultes; also housekpg; terms reasonble.
THIRD. 3C2— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. $1 &0 wetk: eingle front rooms $3 mo.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33C7. nr. Mission— Furnished
choice mtxaf clean housekeeping suite. $9.
TWO eur.ny rooms for housekeeping with sink
end running water; reasonable. Apply 62S
Howard et.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
kecr'."g. $12 to Jl?; tingle rooms for lady and
gentleman or 2 g'-stlemen. $6 to $12 50.
VAN NESS AVE.. 10T1— Sunny front suite; 1
rooms and kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fulis^riptiisns has been established at 103S Va-
lencia st :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call brar.ch rfflce. 2C00 Fillmore st.
ROO31S TO LET — Kiirn. and Infnrn.
X^BRUNEWICK HOUE& 14S Sixth— Rooms
SSe to $1 per night, $1 2b to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; cpen all night.
ASH c:e., 203. cor. Van Ness— A large front
room: hot and cold water; gas; bath; neatly
furr.itbed.
BUKNETT. ICG Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
niihed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUFH. 2526 — Two sunny front rooms, furnished ¦
for light hcusekwpln*:: aduUB only. j
CALIFORNIA. £3. near Powell— Furnished
parlors or rooms extra desirable; low; house-
keeping privileges^ .
CLARA. r.2U. near Fourth— $5 a.\ month; large
sunny furuifh* 1 '! front room. i
CLEMENTINA. 227— Fine rocm to rent to a
gentleman by a German lady.
CLIFFOrtr>. 2"4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COLE. 7C1— A 6unny front room, near Golden
• Gate Park; rer.t ji a month.
EIGHTH. 256— Unfurnished rooms, eingle or
euite: It up; new sanitary plumbing.
ELLIS. 7S2— Nicely furnished room; closet, gas,
bath; allow light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLPOM, K!4 — Large bay-window room for two
ccntlfraea; bath; $2 50; sunny room $1 week.
FOLSOM. I<5o. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
Ftir.ny <-orr.<?r rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLFOM. i-03. cor. €th <The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunsy roomf. single or suites; reascnbl.
FOURTH. 2—4— -N'ireJy furnished bay-window
and FinEl? n>oms; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. 4<"5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites nr single; travelers accom' dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S 1^— Travelers accommo-
dated; suites or Single; 25c per night up.
GKAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
Finple: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7S1 Mieficn St.— Select
tamily rooming houa-e; $1 r.9 to $6 per week.
HABBXSON Titti. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nUhcd eunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; J l week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
Ficr.:; bath*. MR8.K1XQ. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. C40 — F-jnny newly furnished rooms,
from 51 25 to Si ."•<.' per »«k.
HOWARD, tt%-RoatBM frcm ji week up to $5;
i'ji to $1 right; also housekeeping roomi.
HOWARD. 1T!2— Double and single furnished
rooms; private family: use gas. bath, phone.
LARKIN. 1T02, necr We^hinston— Room in pri-
vate family; rent $:; board if preferred.
LEAVENWORTH. 4W-Two large Funny unfur-
nls-hpil rooms in basement: larg* yard: $S mo.
LOCUST ave.. 12'., near Van Net?— 2 large fur-
nii-hed rooms. $5 and J<! r,0 r*r nirnth.
MCALLISTER. 110H— Room Fuitable fnr 2 gen-
tlemen. J*: single room. $5: «ras and bath.
MINNA. «7. ccr. Eighth— New furnished t>ay-
windew rocm. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. TC3— Nice Funny furnished room, 2
b*-ds: also two single rooms.
MISSION*. 161*. near 11th— Rright tunny room:
private family: 1 or 2 gentlemen; $1 50 week.
MISSION, 1627 — 1 or I sunny rooms for gentle-
man in private family; bath^ ¦
5CE1V ARLINGTON. 1C1S Market— Nicely furn.
ms.; 3Jc night, up; ?2 week, up; transient.
O'FARUELL, 2 f >— Sunny furnished rooms and
offsws: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. n».
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle: transient: running water: rates reduced.
ROsTePALE Hous*. 319 and 221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week, $125 to $4; op?n night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis Ft.— Incandescent
lipht. reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, pr night. 3.>c tr> $1 50; week $2
to S»; month. $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
room* with hot and cold water; baths.
EHFI1MAN Apartment Hour*. 28 Eighth St..
n*>ar Market— Furnished and unrurnished.
EIXTH, IIJA. for. Minna— Sunny cor. bay-win-
dow rms.; alcove; closet; $2 M nnd $3 week.
6TEVENSON. 472. N. E. cor. Sixth— Nice sunny
front rooms, JI and $1 SO a week.
TAYUTt. r.12— Neatly furnished room for gen-
tleir.fn, $5 month.
THE OAKS. 113 Third— A pood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWO large tunny, partly furnished or unfur-
nished, bay-window rooms, parlor and bed-
room; tiled mantel; extra large closet; 'marine
view; gss ar.4 beth; convenient to three car
lines; must be seen to tw appreciated; very
reasonable to right party. Uox "64S. Call
offioe.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— Sur.r.y corner upper flat;
nicely furnished rooms; modern and central.
A BXAXCH oftlre for Call advertisements and
rubsTijaions has been established at 1036 Va-
l»>T!'-ia st.
ROOMS AND UOAItl).
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportunity to
eecure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
eft rates; special rates families: sunny rms,
en rj'.te or tingle; best table in San Francisco.
MARKET. 3H3A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms.
•with first-class board: double. $10 wk.; single"
f*5 mo.; modern : eievator: tabl* board. $4 wk. ;
meals. 2ac MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
FUNNY front room; all conveniences; board:
$20. 1016 Ei;i!» Ft.
THE HRADBURY. l?04 California— New modern
fatr.ily hotel; e\cellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 2771.
TWO sunny furnished rooms, with or without
board: suitable for gentlemen. Apply 1057
Golden Gat» ave.
LAS PALMAS. '1S20 Mnrket eL— Suite of 2 or 3
rnt>.; prlv3i«»: ti.-nh: tin, rrns.: hoar3 optional.
noons axd board wasted.
WANTED— A pood home for clrl C years old-
?6 a month. Uox 2C22. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
TWO adults wish I larse and 1 small rone
front) unfuriiirshed rooms for housekeeping,
between Krenklin. Stockton, Pine and Mc-
Allister Bts.; private family preferred: per-
manent: references. Address 1615 Devisadero
et., stating t^rms.
EINGLE frrntlenian «f regular habits deptres
comfortable lodcings In private family: local-
ity wost cf KrarkMn and north of Clay st.;
prefers to furnish apartment hinu'lf; "refer-
fncr. Afl'lrrfR box 3154. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES^ "
JCOTTCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Arylum since January 1899'
Elizabeth Ault. apod 10 years; Margaret Ault
8 years; Haz*l Wilfcie. 10 years; Lydia Wil-
kie. 8 yean--; Ituth WMkie, 7 years; Irene
Valdes. S 1 >cars; Loretto Duran, * years; Mad-
eline Duran. € years; Ray Croall, g years-
Otilla Bank, 6 >ears; Gertrude McClellan,
6 yean.
DR AGNES WINZELL can be consulted for
one week at Russ Jiouie, room 32.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable: take no other:
i«end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chiriester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
PILES— PETER FIJEILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box- warranted to cure all case* of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
oiifs without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1C2S Devisaiiero St.. near gutter.
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections made;
c<tr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO., 415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. E5S0.
BOOMS papered from $»: whitened $1 up;
eilntlne done. Hartman Paint Co.. S0» Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. Bold: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 <th; phone Mint 4a.
ALL klndi bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at loweit rates. 205 Fourth st.
storage: and warehouses.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.,
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 763.
PIERCE-RODOLPII Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
NEW cottage of 4 rooms and bath for sale or
lease; suburb of San Mateo. Address 417 Sac-
ramento St., or box 227. San Mateo. Cal.
TYPEWRITKKS AXD SUPPLIES.
OREAT~BARGAINS IN TTPEWE1TERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$300— LOT 45x150; west side of street; Morton-st.
station.
$1500— Lot 50x150; cottage 5 rooms; Encinal av.
$2250— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; north side
Santa Clara ave.
$2500 — Modern house of 8 rooms; Alameda ave.
J3S00— Modem S-room house; north side Ala-
meda ave.
All the above can be bought on any kind of
terms.
Exchange for San Francisco property— Modern
8-room house. In best location ; will pay cash
difference.
Fruitvale. $1500— Modern 6-room house; Fruit-
vale station.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Houses to
rent.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
20 Post St., S. F. laOO Park st. Alameda.
i $1000— TWO weeks only: cottage. 7 rooms. S In
basement: larre lot; see this; it will cO6t noth-
ing. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park et.
JC250— CHOICE corner on Sherman St., near the
bay; 60xlSO; great bargain. E. D. JUDD &
CO.. 1424 Park tt.. Alameda.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance In 1, 2, S or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. K pages, sent to any address In the
¦United Btates cr Canada one year for $1.
postaga paid.
BERKELEY, ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JCO ONLT for a home; nice high lot; cottage 3
rooms; patent closet, garden, etc; good neigh-
borhood; near trains and cars; email cash
payment accepted. H. D. IRWIK. Lorln Stn.
$1250— RARE bargain: lot 40x100; above the R.
R., close to station: two lines of electric cars,
stores, churches and school; very neat 5-room
cottage; bath, brick foundation, high base-
ment, etc.; $350 cash, balance $10 per month
and interest only 7 per cent. H. D. IRWIN,
• Lorin Station.
$1400— ELEGANT, high lot, 60x120; macadam-
ized street; close to station and cars; fine
view; 2-story house. 6 rooms and bath, small
barn, chicken house and yard, bearing fruit
tr**s and nice garden: $300 cash, balance in-
stallments like rent; take land or lot for first
payment. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
SEE the modern houses now building, both
1 and 2 story structures: 5. 6 and 7 rooms;
all of newest designs and complete in up-to-
date appointments; one near Adeline. Fix near
Lcrin and Ashby and one near Dwight way;
prices from $2000 to $2000: terms arranged to
suit. H. P. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
WAITING-ROOM. Lorin Station, open Sun-
days; now Is the time to buy land: sure to
advance and special bargains can be had for
one-half their value.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
$SOA— 5-ROOM cottage; good sized lot: splendid
windmill, tank and frame: 10 minutes' walk
Berkeley depot; worth $1500; party going to
Europe. O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley Station.
$3300— SPLENDID. S-room colonial house: new
and modern: n^ar university. O. G. MAY &
CO.. Eerkeley Station.
$37(>Q_XE\V, modern 7-room house on Durant
ave.. east of Shattuck. O. G. MAY & CO.
J5O0 — FINE lot on Grove st.. near Lnlversity
ave. : worth $700. O. G. MAT & CO.. Berke-
ley Station.
FINEST buy In the university town; one acre,
with elegant 12-room residence; only 6 min-
utes' walk to 17. C. grounds: elegant. Im-
proved grounds; stately oaks and palms; ma-
rine view unsurpaF«ed; house alone worth
price asked, and nearly new; hard- wood
finish; plate-glass windows; everything up-to-
date; no such property ever offered before In
Berkeley. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway. Oakland. .
$2000— SEE the 5 new cottages of 5 and 6 rooms
each Just being finished with all modern lm-
* provements: Eta. tubs, tiled sink, porcelain
tub; close to cars: $100 to $300 cash. bal. $20
per month; cheaper than rent and own your
own house. W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station.
Berkeley^
$5500— NEW, modern 7-room residence In Berke-
ley: sale or trade. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broad-
way. Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, S24 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot E7xl5O, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The We<?kly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States »r Canada one year for $1.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SNAPS. SNAPS. ENAPS.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAY.
IF YOU WANT A HOME.
$100 cash, balance easy terms; orchard: nice
Ehade trees; new and modern: elegant location.
$150— Elegantly located lot; fine eoil.
$300— Lots b0xl~5; choicest part of Fruitvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
S£0— $50 down, balance About $4 per month;
three rooms; new, good lot; fine view; healthy
lucation.
$4GO_$50 down, balance $5 per month; well,
eU\
$000— $100 down, balance $7 per month; high,
healthy, grand view: fine soil and climate.
$000 — Lot 100x175; fine place for chickens.
$750 — Lot 75x173: three rooms; new.
$70O_Chlcken ranch; three rooms; new.
$900— Another one; four rooms, new; well.
?500— $ico down, balance like rent; large lot;
Fewer: city water; close to cars and station;
three rooms; high basement.
{1000 — Another chicken ranch; complete In ev-
ery detail.
$1000— $100 down, balance same as rent; 4
rooms; complete.
Lots of others at various prices.
Easy terms on everything we have to eell.
These properties are going fast, so don't de-
lay, come out to-day.
' MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on installments.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Fruitvale office, half a block above Fruitvale
station. ''h •¦-: '-
FOR SALE" BY H. A. PLEITNER. ~
$550— House of 4 rooms and basement: large
chicken-house; good well and pump; lot 59x110;
$100 cash, balance on your own terms.
$7^0— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement: fruit
trees, etc.; lot 50x110; $100 ea?h, balance $12 per
month.
$1100 — A sacrifice: modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot 50x147; 1 block
from electric cars: must be sold; an opportunlty
worth lnvestlcatlng.
$lS00— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fruit
trees; house of 3 large rooms and basement;
barn: 12 chicken-houses,; 2 Incubators; brooder-
houses, chickens, etc.
$lS00— 2 acres of sandy loam; new house of 4
rooms and basement: fine well; fruit trees, etc."
4 blocks fromrlectrlc cars. %
$22.jO — Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
7-foot basement; stable; fruit trees in bearing;
lot 100x140; easy terms if de«lred.
$3000— Modern lH-storycolonlal style residence
of 8 rooms and bath; fine mantel: nickel plumb-
ing; gas, etc.; large Lot: splendid location; only
4 blocks from local train. For particulars ap-
ply to H, A. PLEITNER.
Fruitvale Station. Cal.
LARGE lots 100x145, $100 and up: all level land
and fine ground; only 5 minutes' walk from
electric car and near school. Call C. SEITZ
1107 Twenty-third ave., Oakland.
HOUSES In beautiful Fruitvale— Send for full
printed list of houses, lot*, chicken ranches
and email fruit farms. Address J.- W. EL-
ROD, Fruitvale station, Cal.
$&'^— HOUSE of 4 rooms; lot 50x150; good
pump; $150 ca*h. rest $10 a month. C. SEITZ
1107 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Well-equipped ,chlcken and fruit
ranch; leased ground. Address box 27S3, Call
offlc*. Oakland. . /
HYDE St.. near Peralta ave.— Lovely home of 6
rooms; all modern improvements; sun all day;
lot 75x100; beautiful garden; fruit trees; 2
blocks from electric cars; must be fold- make
offer. Address F. T. P.. owner. Frultvalg p.p.
FRUITVALE COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— By adults; email furnished cottage
fa Fruitvale or vicinity. Box 31S2, Call office.
BLOCK 64, must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th st..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1113 East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
$4250 — BARGAIN; 9-room house. plate glass
windows; modern In everything; nothing want-
lng;* simply Just what you want; location
Franklin st., near Durant; you must see it
to appreciate It. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
$2500— NETV. modern two-story residence. Berke-
ley; 8 rooms, etc.; $50 cash and monthly pay-
ments. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$1500— 12Vi ACRES: good house and outbuildings,
etc. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$40,000 TO lean on real estate, and $1500 on fur-
niture, planes, etc. ALDEN CO.. HIS Bdway.
$1500 — TWO cottages. West Oakland; well lo-
cated: $760 each; a snap. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway. S
$100— CASH, monthly payments as low rent till
paid for— Modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
l-ath, pantry, closets, high basement, brick
foundation; all fenced: fine well of water; all
firsi-claps; 2 fine lots, one a corner; price, all
told, $585; city water if desired; street mac-
adamized; nice homes all around; near 3 lines
of electric roads- and fine schoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fog or cold winds here; Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 450 Seventh st., near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
J950— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, in good condition:
sunny front; rents for $7; good tenant; bar-
gain.
U300- Cottage of 4 rooms and high basement;
lot 2*ixlO3 feet; on Seventeenth St.; very central.
$2230— Two-story Eastlake house of 8 rooms
and bath; sunny front; well rented; handy to
the heart of town.
J3000— Elegant cottage of 6 rooms, floored base-
ment, etc.* lot 2SxlC0; sunny front; Just a few
blocks from Broadway; rents $15.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Heal Estate Brokers.
10C8 Broadway, near Tenth street,
Oakland, Cal.
$350 WILL buy a nice little sunny corner lot 30x
70 feet In size, within one block of the local
broad-grauge train, with street macadamized
and sewered, and suitable for residence or for
a store: this property must go, and cannot bo
duplicated at the price. Two other lots, same
size, adjoining the corner, for |300 each. Call
or write. GEORGE TV. AUSTIN & CO.. Real
Estate Brokers. 1008 Broadway, near Tenth st
(telephone Red 656), Oakland, Cal.
CTServices will be held at St. Columba's
Church Han Pablo avenue. Golden Gate, Oak-
land, this day, at 1 o'clock.
O'CONNOR— In this city. June 9, 1900, Annie
R. O'Connor (n/e Clark), relict of Eugene
O'Connor, mother of Eugene. Mary, Josephine
and Margaret O'Connor, and sister tf Mrs.
M. J. Moran. a native of New York City.
IE7"Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
HENRY.'J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8;
20 FJfth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. • . •
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple", corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In Lorin, June 7, 1900, George Mur-
phy, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Murphy, and beloved .father of Daniel H..
John J. and Katie Murrhy and Mrs.-J.-G.
Raphael, a native of Black Rock, County
Cork. Ireland, nged 73 years.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 671 Harrison street, thence to St. Ro6e 8
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MOREHOUSE — In Oakland, June R, 1900,
George F., beloved husband of Minerva More-
house, and son of Mrs. Annie J. Lambert, a
native of Martha's Vineyard. Mass., aged 42
years 4 months and 2 days. .
(CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock.'from his late resi-
dence. 132O»/a Natoma street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MAHER— In this city, June 9, 1900, Jamra, be-
loved husband of the late Margaret Maher,
and father of Thomas F.. Mary E. and Julia
G. Maher. a native of Kilkenny, Ireland.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
LEWIS- In this city. June D. 1900; Mary Eliza-
beth, wife of the late Judge J. F. Lewis.
McCONNELL— In this city, June'9, 1900. James
F.. beloved husband of Mary McConnell,
father of Frank, Mary, Veronica, Leo,. Ger-
trude and Willie McConnell. and brother-in-
law of Mrs. T. Walsh, a native of Belfast.
Ireland, aged 52 years. A member of Court
Star of the West No. 6356, A. O. F,, and the
Sailmakers' Union.
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence,
920 OTarrell street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity 'Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend I the funeral of our late
member, B. H. Levy, this (Sunday) morning,
at 10:15 o'clock, from his late residence, 920
O'Farrell street. S. ZEKIND, Secretary. .
THE members of the Congregation Sherith
Israel are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our late member, Benjamin H. Levy, this
day (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from 920 O Far-
rell stre?t. LOUIS BROWN. President.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LEVY— In .this city, June 8. 1900, B. H. Levy,
beloved husband of Yetta Levy, and father
of Mrs. A. M. Salinger of Oakland. Mrs.
Frank P. Jacobs and Miss Harriet Levy, a
native of Prussia, aged 74 years.
HAINKE — In this city. June 9. 1900, Herman
Hainke, beloved son of Fredrlcka Ansorge,
beloved husband of Minna Hainke, father of
Herman and Annie Hainke, and brother of
Robert and August Hainke, a native of Bol-
kenheln. Schleslen, Germany, aged 40 years
and 8 days.
(CT-Kemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
HAYES— In Vallejo. May 29. 1900, John Henry,
dearly beloved son of John T. and Mary F.
Hayes, and beloved grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
P. II. O'Keefe. a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged
6 years 11 months and 5 days.
HURLEY— An anniversary mass for the late
Mary A. Hurley of Grass Valley at St. Igna-
tius Church Tuesday. June 12. at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
KRESHEL— In this city. June 8. 1900, Martha
Ellen, beloved mother of Arthur Ferdinand
Kreshel, a native of Springfield. Mass.
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Union-square Hall. 421 Post
street where services, will be held under the
auspices of the Germania Club, commencing
at 2 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
IE7"Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, in the chapel of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. • *
HONS— In Alameda, June- 6, 1900, Julius, be-
loved brother of Henry Hons, a native of
Twendamm, Dorum, Germany, aged 27 years
G months and 10 days.- A member of Germania
Club and Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 1M, 1. O.
O. F.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
DRAKE— In this city. June 9, 1900. Mrs. Mar-
garet Drake, a native of Canada, aged 63
years.
DUNN— In St. Helena, June 7. 1900. J. J. Dunn
of Berkeley, father of Mrs. C. H. Vaughan.
and grandfather of Nora. Harold, Mary and
Myra Vaughan, a native of New Brunswick,
ased 61 years 7 months and 9 days.
CC?*Interment private.
CACCIA— In this city. June R, 1300. Maria Vi-
vace Caccia. beloved daughter of C. and T.
Caccia, and sister of Rose and Ella Caccia,
a native of ?an Jose, aged 5 years. (San Jose
papers please copy.)
(ET-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents
residence, 3 Delaware court, between Powell
and Mason streets, off Sutter.
CASASSA— In this ' city. June 8. 1900, Amelia,
beloved daughter of Madalena and the late
Charles Casassa, and sister of Charles, Fred,
Adelaide and Izabelle Casassa, Mrs. Mary
. Calderon and Mrs. Clotilda Amiot. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2S years.
ICTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 514 Greenwich street, between Dupont
and Stockton. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery. .
CATE— In this city. June 9. 1900, Frank Vernon.
beloved son of Frank and Hattle Cate. and
brother of Ray and Roland Cate. a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 years and 1 month.
CROCKER— In Eureka. Humboldt County. May
6, 1900. William H. Crocker, a native of Pla-
cerville. El Dorado County. Cal., aged 35 years
and 3 months.
DAMNER-In this city. June 8, 1900, Lillle, be-
loved wife of S. Damner, daughter of Julius
and Sarah Stamper, and sister of Max, JulU.
Henry. Jacob. Etta and Rosalyn Stamper and
Mrs. H. Katz, a native of New York.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1310VS Kills street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
DELAIIAEK— In this city. June 9, 1900, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of E. J. Delahaef. and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Eliza Ludwlg
and Mrs. Mamie Saeler, a native of Ireland,
aged 41 years 1 month and 10 days.
DORGELOH— In this city, June 8, 1900, Claus,
dearly beloved husband of Martha Dorgeloh,
and father of Anna, Tillle. Carl and Freder-
ick Dorgeloh. a native of Drel. Amt Syke.
Germany, aged 55 years 3 months and 8 days.
A member of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 6, K. of P.
BOUGIE— In the City and County Hospital.
June 9, 1900, Minnie Bougie, a native of
Canada, ased 40 years.
BROWX— In this city. June 8, 1900, Emma,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Mary A.
Brown, and sister of Robert. George, Walter
William and Alice Brown, a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years 10 months and 10
days.
CT Relatives and Intimate friends are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral this
dax (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Craig & Cochran Company, 52-ob Mint
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUCKLEY-In this city. June 9, 1300, John D..
beloved son of John E. and Kate Buckley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 months.
DIED.
Bougie, Minnie Levy, B. H. _
Brown, Emma Lewis. Mary E.
Buckley, John D. McConnell, James F.
Caccia, Maria V. Maher, James
Casassa. Amelia .. Morehouse, George F.
Cate. Frank V. Murphy, George
Crocker. William H. O'Connor, Annie K,
Damner, Lillie Palanca, Joseph E.
Delahaef, Elizabeth Phillips, Thomas
Dorgeloh. Claus Pinto, Adolph.
Drake, Mrs. Margaret Richards, Emma a..
Dunn, J. J. Ryan, Joseph H.
Hainke. Herman Smith (infant)
Hayes. John H. Smith. George T.
Hons, Julius Solomon, Simon
Hurley, Mary A Turnblad, John E.
Kreshel, Martha E. Zimmerman, Mrs. C.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CARD OF THANKS.
The widow and children of the late Herman
Heise wish to express their heartfelt thanks
and appreciation for the kind expressions of
sympathy in their late bereavement.
tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 731 Pine street, between Stockton and
Powell, thence to the French Church of Notre
Dame des Victolres, where services will be
held for the repose of her soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 879 Greenwich street, i.ear Taylor. In-
terment' Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ZIMMERMAN-In this city, June 7, 1900. Mrs.
Catherine Zimmerman, beloved mother of
Nicholas, Joseph and Augustus Zimmerman.
Mrs. Marcy. Mrs. Metz and Mrs. Thorp, a
native of France, aged S9 years and 15 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1514 O'Farrell street, under the
auspices of Fidelity Lodge, F. and A. M.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. • \
TURNBLAD— In St. Helena. June 8, 1900, John
Edward, beloved son ot John G. and Sophie
Turnblad, and brother of Charles, May, Os-
car and Theodore Turnblad, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years 7 months and 8 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at l o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 110 Liberty street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car. • .
SOLOMON— In this city, June 7. 1900, Simon, be-
loved husband of Julia Solomon and father of
Mrs. M. H. Schwartz and brother of Sol Sol-
omon, a native of Felich, Germany, aged 52
years 6 months and 24 days.
L. P. POWELSON. Secretary.
SMITH-In the City and County Hospital.
June 9, 1900, infant son of Mary Smith, a na-
tive of California, aged 12 days.
BMITH — June 7, 1900, at rest, George Thomas,
beloved husband of Fannie C. Smith, a native
of Vallejo. Cal. (Vallejo and Napa papers
please copy.)
ICT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 44:Vj Brannan street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street, where services
will be held under the auspices of San Fran-
cisco Parlor No. 49. N. S. G. W. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
OFFICERS and members of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49. N. S. G. W.. are notified to
assemble at their hall to-morrow (Monday),
at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of their late
brother, Joseph H. Ryan.
C. A. GLOVER. President.
' (cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, June 12. at 10 o'clock, at the ohapel
of the Odd Fellows' Crematory.
RYAN— In 1 this city, June 9. 1900. Joseph H..
dearly beloved and devoted husband of Lucre-
tia Ryan, father of Walter, Joseph and the
late Charles J. Ryan, and son of Mrs. C. J.
Peterson of Petaluma, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 43 years and 1 month.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city. June 7. 1900, Thomas,
beloved and devoted husband of Mary Phil-
lips, father of Thomas Phillips, and brother
of James Edward. Alice. John and Annie
Phillips and Mrs. J. Rlordan, a native of San
Francisco, a~ed 23 years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1306 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph"3 Church for services. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.
PINTO— In this city, June 9. 1900, Adolph.
dearly beloved husband of the late Fannie
Pinto, and dearly beloved lather of William.
Ellas, Emar.uel, David, Joseph and Hannah
Pinto; Mrs. Benjamin Cohen and the late
Jacob Pinto, a native of Germany, aged S3
years and 4 months. (New York and Sonora.
Tuolumne County, papers please copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'cloclt. from the Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery etreets, un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. 1. F.
and A. M. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by carriage. Please omit flowers.
RICHARDS— In Ukiah. Cal.. June S, 1900, Em-
ma H.. dearly beloved wife of James S. Rich-
ards, a native of Louisiana, aged 53 years.
. fully Invited toattend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late rest-,
"'dence, .337 Alvarado street, near - Sanchez,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.;
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PALANCA-In this city. June 9. 1900. Joseph
E., dearly beloved husband of Rosa Palanca,
and father, of Gustave, Rosina and Alphonse
Palanca, a native of Switzerland, aged bo
years 2 months and 16 days. A member of.
San Francisco GrutU Vereln.
UN'S WORTH-In this city, June 7. 1900. to the
wife of a. G. Unsworth, a daughter, . |
WATKINS— In this city, June 4. 1900. to the
wife of H. Watkins Jr., a son. *_
OAK LAX I) REAL ESTATE.
MABBJED.
POTTER— MERO— In this city. May 27, 1900. by
the Rev. L. m. Burwell, George H. Potter ana
Maud C. Mero. • •
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
co LM a, san Mateo Co.
OFFICE, 916 MARKET SI. Tel. 80. 337
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Director*" of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at ita office, room 13. 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. June 23, 1900. and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans* Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad
station Yountvllle), for six months commenc-
ing July 1, 1900, and ending December 31, 1900.
Schedules with Information and instruction*
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the«sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is In accordance with such echedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-i
eponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance aa required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome ct., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLK. Secretary.The La Fortuna Mining Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend (No. 28) of
10c, payable immediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June 9-12 m.
B'd.Ask. B>4 A«1c
¦ . V S Rends— Eqult G L Co. 2% S
Is quar coup..ltoUmVi Mutual El Co. 9Vi U
4s do reg 114^114^ O O L & H.... 4<i 471*
'4s do cp new..l34',il34 a i I'ac L Co 43 4«U
3s do coupon. .103 lC9>»:Pac Gas Imp.. — W-l
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 47U —
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. 4*a —
C C Water 69.109H — Stkn <i & t; Co 10 —
Ed L & P,6s.J2S*i — Insurance—
F&CIRy(s..ll« — FIrem's Fund.223 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 Bank Stocks —
H C A S 5Vi».. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. S3 17
Do 5s — 106 Eank of Cal... — —
LARy 5a lO-iUMK'i Cal S D & T.105 —
L A L Co «s.. — — First Nation!. — 230
Do gntd 6s... — ' — Lon P A A... .1324 —
Do wnM f*.:.iix> — Merchants* Ex IS — .
L A & P R 5s.lO4Ts — Xev Nat Ek.. — — >
Market-st — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s.im; — Ger S & L....1S30 —
N r % N t» R ?s. — ju Hum SAL..— —
N R of Cal «3.113^iU7 Mut flav Bk..-45 —
Do Rs 117V- — 3 F Sav U 505 —
" P C H R 68.101 — Sav & L So 74 71
Do 5s — 193 Sec Sav Kk — —
N Cal It R fa.tlt — Union T Co.... — —
Oak n LAHIs.lll — ftre?t Railroads—
Oak Tran Ss-.H.-s^KO California . 122M —
Oak \V Cr> 5s.. — — «!eary-9t W» —
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107Vi ! Markct-st Ry. «2Ti —
Om C Ry 6s. 123 — JO S L & H... — 45
P k C\ Rr «*.!044 — JPresidlo 18 —
P & O R R 6s. 113 — i Powder blocks—
Powell-st R f.3.l2D — i^iIucili ...i** J-«
V»~ I. *- rz R5» _ _ c.ian Con Co.. SS S3*4
S F & SJV 5S.119U120'; Vlgorit 2"i 3
e Hvir hi »n.nii^ - siiim' J«tr>« < ks —
S P of A 5s.. .114 — IHana S P Co.. 7\ V£
Do <1Mj5> 1W 110%! Haw C & S Co — «l
1>« «i«v:> 111V.1U , llnnok.ii S Co. S3^i $3*i
Do (1312). ."...119>r4 — I Hutch S P Co. t>t-, 25* t
S P Br «s 130 — .'Kllauea S Co. — n
Continued on Page Thirty.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $1 S3H
Sterling Exchange, sight — ' 4 SS
Sterling Cables 1 — 4 8»
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12'.4
Fine Silver, per ounce — «0
Mexican Dollars 4SV4 4»
Exchange and Bullion.
Wheat and Other Grains.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures cou
ttnued to advance, but spot buyers In Liverpool
refused to pay the advanced prices asked and
withdrew from the market.
Chicago declined on light showers in the
Northwest. Private cables reported unfavor
able crop conditions In France and Russia.
The inarket became nervous, but steadied at
in* decline, and trading became a scalping
proposition, dealers showing a disposition to
even ud over Sunday and the Government re
port. Further showers in the Northwest were
predicted. It was thought that the large de
crease on passage would bo offset by the ex
hibit of. the visible supply. _
In the local market the feeling was much
quieter and futures declined.
The Ftock In the State June 1 is shown else
where on this pase.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 8SS56Uc; milling.
97'icffH.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 20,-
C00 ctls. $1 C3V4.
i tfiecond Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02?i;
18 0C0, 1 02?4. •-:
Regular Morning Session— December— 20,000
BARLEY — The week closed on a qUIet and
unchanged market.
Feed 70c for No. 1 and 65@67Hc for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades. 75<gS0c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
-Second Session — No sales. \
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The Government Is on the market with
a large -order for Manila, and the feeling Is
firmer In consequence, though prices show no
Ch Whfte. $1 10«l 30: Red, $1^1 20; Gray. $1 07«4
©1 15; Black. $1«H 074 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings are considerably larger than
they have been, and the feeling Is easier In
consequence. Eastern large Yellow. $1 13 per
ctl; Eastern White. $11?1 03 per ctl; Mixed.
«1 10.
RTE— New Is firmer at S7Hc. Old is weaker
at 92V4c per ctl. The market Is dull and buy
ers are not anxious. In view of the laree crop
reported.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60(3 J 75,
Flour and Millstuffs.
~ — . ¦ • ¦' :'¦ - . \ y
CHICAGO, June 9.— The wheat pit was crowd
ed again to-day, but the market -was weak.
The opening was erratic. July selling at 72US
71Hc compared with last night's close at 72S®
72%c! A few minutes later July was quoted at
714fc(871'/4c ' The slump was due to the Weather
bureau prediction of rains In the Northwest,
combined with a report from Minneapolis that
rain had been falling there. These Items caught
the market at the opentng. and the value of
Wl-eat gave a llghtnlng-change exhibition In
declining It looked as If every one In the pit
would sell at this period, but there were a few
heavy longs who still held out. Their attitude.
ccuDledwlth profit taking by shorts who sold last
night caused a rally to IWc, but this was lo«t.
July 'slumping to nV*c Again there was sup
port partly encouraged by crop reports from
the 'Northwest, which were as unfavorable as
ever and July once more touched 71%c. Again
the pressure of long stuff made Itself felt, and
this time July dropped to 71c, closing soon after
In a weakened condition. %c yesterday at
7l<571V&c. Clearances at the seaboard were equal
in Wheat and Flour to 1,000,000 bushels. Pri
mary receipts were 614,000 bushels, as compared
with 885,000 last year. ¦
The Corn market opened weak In sympathy
with Wheat. The weakness continued through
out the day. with favorable crop reports. July
opened at 40<g39Hc and showed no strength
thereafter, closing liglV&c down at 39o.
Oats followed the other grain markets. July
closed He down at 22&O- .
The Brain weakness, liberal offerinps and a
general dullness caused easiness In Provisions.
The reduction was In spite of an advance of 6d
In Ham and Bacon and 3d in Lard products at
Liverpool and a steady market at the yards.
July Pork closed 12c under yesterday at $11 75.
July Lard 10 down at $6 87&, and July Ribs 5c
down at ?6 85.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet:
winter patents. : $3 70@3 80; straits. $2 95f 3 50;
clears. $2 80® 3 30: spring specials, $3 90@4; pat
ents, $3 10@a 60; straits,. $2 70@3 10; bakers', $2 10
©2 60: No. 3 spring wheat. 68V4@6SV4e; No.' 2 red,
72<973c": No. 2. corn. : 29%((?23%c; No. 2 yellow,
39^@39%c; No. 2 oats, 22%@22^c; No. S white,
25>4^25%c; No.* 3 white, 23«4@25%c; good feeding
barley, 37Hc : f air to • choice malting, 40042c :
No. 1 flax seed, $1 80: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80:
prime l timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bbl.
NEW YORK, June 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 30.
$01 barrels: exports. S.'.oOl barrels. Weak and
quiet, but not actually lower. Winter patents,
J2 60tf3 TO; winter straights", $1 S04j3 :>j; Minne
sota r>9tent?. $3 60tf?3; Minnesota bakers", $2 Vj
<g2 93; winter lew grades, ?2 25® 2 40.
WHEAT— RcceiUs, 74, WO bushels; exports.
t6 COO. .'pot— Weaker; No. 2 red. 73Uc elevator;
Xo. 3 red. S2Uc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
l>uhuh. 7s3«c f. p. b. afloat, prompt. Options—
8*>rowed ix>b-itl\e' we3kne^8 t<3-.day.. selllnc oft
on rain ne'.vs from the Northwest, amid con
siderable excitement, and big offerings of July
iiv forelsn houses and local holders. Closed
nrak at Id to l'.ic net decline. July. 75 15-l<i'ft
70 7-16c. closed 7C!«c; September, 77%®77Hc,
HOI'? Quiet: State, common to choice 1S93
crop lluiUc; old. 3QDc; Pacific Coast, isaa crop,
10313c; old. 3(3uc. „,
HIDKrf— Kinn; Oalvcston. 10 to 2.) pounds,
13»,ic; California, "1 to 25 pounds. i'lVic; Texas
dry. :"i lo 3D r>oun-ls, 13c.
WOOL.- t^ulct; d.nnes>tic fieece. C3ff2Sc; Texas,
"CoKFEE— Spot— Rio. weak; No. 7 Invoice,
gUc; mild, market quift and ea^j 1 ; Cordova,
•.'¦-4 ( ''«13 ! /2c. Options — Closed steady, but at a net
decline of 10 to 10 points, this being tho lowest
lor tlie day. Sales 3*70 bags, including: July.
}7 CC'iiT I:.'.; August. *7 25; September. 17 1C«>7 15:
October t'i 1J5'7 2">; November. $7 I.>«f7 i'>; De
cember." Jf Sim 40; JaCUHrj, $7 40^7 W; Febru
ary. >7 4U4Li7 ia: March. i~ 4..(S7 53.
SUGAK- -Raw, Hrm; fair rettnins. 4',ic; centri
fueal ''0 test. 4& c ; molasses, S^»c; refined, firm;
No «' 0.10c; No. 7. 5.03c; No. 8, 6c; No. 9. 5.4ic:
No' 10 4.90c; No. 11. 4. 85c; No. 12. 4.S9c; No. 13,
4 me- No 11 4.80c; standard A, o.40c; coritec
tion'r'rs* Aj 5.40c; mold A. 6.S5c; cut loar, f>c;
crushed. 6c; powdered, 5.70c; granulated. 5.00c;
CU BUTT 8 ER— Receipts. 1730 packages; dull and
weak. Creamery extras. lS$l»c; factory. 110
1 KGGS— HeoelptH. S270 pnckag«>s: Hrm. West
ern, loss ofT. lSaiSVic; Western, at mark. 10
(&13c.
DRIED FRUITS
The usual Saturday half holiday dullness pre
vailed In the market for evaporated apples, and
i>rl-es seemed about as last quoted. California
dried fruits were inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
4<VQ5c; prime. iMge; choice. 6%C7c;- fancy.
7 "cal'ifornia dried prunes-3h®6c. Y*%
APRICOTS-Royal. 12Vi©12?ic; Moorpark, 15®
1S PEACHES-Peeled. lfi@20c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
Nra.> York Stock Market.
XEW YORK. June. 9.— Those who expected
that the bears who sold stocks short in large
volume during the final dealings yesterday
¦would scamper to cover their shorts to-day
and work a sharp rally to close the week
were disappointed. The depressed condition of
foreign stock markets continued to-day tn spite
of the rather more assuring opinions for a
peaceful outcome to affairs In China, so far
as the 'Interests of European powers are con
cerned. Selling for London account was on a
liberal scale here. Rumors are disseminated
to the effect that this foreign selling Is really
for account of some large New York operators
at present In London and who hare long been
prominent on the bear side of the market.
The fact Is that yesterday's sudden weakness
of stocks Is not understood as to Its motive
or Us course and current rumors represent the
surmises of those groping for light more than
any authentic knowledge. Wall street, in
reality, is rather skeptical about r*-i>orts of
crop failure at this stage. Neither Is ilu» for
eign selling in sufficient volume to account for
the weakness. The news of the day. while
inclining toward deprestAon. Is of about the |
same character as for some time [>a*t. while
the maiket has been sluggishly Indifferent.
Speculators are, therefore, inclined to fear that
some unfavorable factor not yet known to the
public Is Inducing liquidation. The money
market outlook, beyond the Immediate future.
is not altogether satisfactory. The week's ad
ditional loan exi>anslon of $6.4S3,000 must clear
ly be attributed to renewed foreign demand
j upon our credits. Estimates of the future
I ease of the local money market have been
j predicted upon a cessation of this foreign de
mand.. The acuteness of the stress for funus
in Berlin seem to be the cause of new Ue
niand. If this loan extension to foreign bor
rowers should continue Into the perl^l when
New York banks are called upon to finance
the crop movement, now not far distant, n
rapid dissolution of the surplus which was re- |
duced to $1S.374,2CO would necessarily result.
Yet this additional call for $5,000,000 Of Gov- j
eminent deposits will l«e followed by tlir^r- j
other rails for the same amount, thus tak:ng
up the whole of the }2f».00o.CK¥i metlMrji la
redeem the Government 2s. which are ealltM
for August H. It Is opttonal with the bank!"
when they shall be presented for redemption.
Until they are redeemed the calling of Gov
ernment deposits from the banks will continue
to act as a drain of the money market. The
market closed steady on a covering movement
by room short*. Prices of stocks are con
siderably lower for the week and 'the specu
lative mood continues depressed and despond
ent over the uncertainties in the outlook and
the fear of decreased profits In business and
resulting, drain In values. It Is to be con
sidered that If th!« fear was backed by con
viction there would be liquidation In force
and excessive speculation en the bear side.
On the contrary, liquidation has been restricted
to Inappreciable drlbbllngs for the most part
and the prevailing mood Is one of apathy' and
Indifference. The changes for the week have
been accomplished on a very small business.
Trading on the Stock Exchange has approached
the point of absolute stagnation. Holders seem
content to hold for the present, hoping for
better things even with no present demand
for their stocks. The incidents this week have
been on the side of depression and the natural
reaction from last week's fictitious rise ha*
moved In the same direction. The covering of
short contracts, which was the real cause of
that ri»\ left the market technically wenker.
The reduction of the short Interest withdrew
a prop from the market and the taking of
long lines on the advance brought pressure to
take profits In Its train. These causes ac
centuated the dominant Influences, which were
the acute stage developed In the complications
in CWna and the growing fears of a failure
of the spring wheat crop in this country. The
market has «hown lts«lf sympathetic to foreign
stock markets throughout. This Is more'
especially due to the fact that some support
for American securities was looked for with
relief attending the fall of Pretoria and the
security of the Johannesburg gold mines. The
new development In China has effectually
counteracted this expected Influence and the
expectations of easier money conditions abroad
have also been disappointing. The Bank of
England, by refraining again from . reducing
its minimum discount rate, proclaimed to the
financial world that It proposed to conserve
Its resources for some future contingency.
The Berlin bours» has been In a 'condition of
panic through the forced sale of Iron shares
to pay off loan obligations. American securi
ties have received no support In foreign mar
ket* and the selling for forPlgn ' account In
New York, though small, has l**en an effective
element of depression. The demoralization In
foreign Iron markets has been due to the
course of pries In this country, which prom
ises effective competition for foreign Iron man
ufacturers in their own markets. The cut in
Iron prices announced here ,Jiad little direct
effect on securities, as It has been discounted
nnd Is but a step toward attracting buying to
meet the well-known consumptive require
ment*. No one rxpects buying orders will b*
placed to meet these requirements until It la
demonstrated that the recession In prices has
been ended. For this reason a plan has found
advocates In the iron trade of a sharp! gen
eral rut In prices to well below the price of
production In order to effectually consume pro
duction and work oft accumulation. The eon-
Bequencen involved of throwing out of business
weaker concerns, the reduced employment for
labor and a corresponding train of circum
stances are not viewed with equanimity In
Wall rtreet. even while the desirability of a
stable basis of prices In the Iron market Is
fully recognized. The Importance as a basis
of prosperity of stocks Is being brought sharp
ly Into prominence by the critical conditions
existing In the spring wheat belt. Pessimist*
have already given up the Northwest wh»at
crop a« a failure .and point to the necessary
results In reduced buying power by thf de
cline In railroad earnings and bo on through
the complicated channels of trade. These
lamentable prediction* have not had great
effect e« railroad earnings are well maintained
and the generally conservative course which
has been pursued by the railroads of making
necessary outlays during the period of pros
perity with a view to preparing the way to
retrenchments In a possible period of adver
nity * afford a buttress to confidence In the
stocks of these properties. The falling off tn
traffic of the railroads and the disputes arlcln*
It various points over competitive, freight and
pas«enger rates bare nevertheless weighed on
the "rail road list. The placing of Atchlton pre
ferred on a dividend basis and the maintenance
of the quarterly, dividend on Sugar at the lVj
", f »t rate only temporarily strengthened
those stock*. The extensive reductions In the
Po»r«Unf«W«n»« of the ; Atehlson system for
th» benefit of net earnings lessen the effect
of the Increased dividend. Wnlle the Amerl-
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12S13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl: extra Mesa. $13; Family.
114- extra Prime Fork. $15; extra clear, |'J;
Mess 116 50; Smoked Beef. i:^jS13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SHo for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S«ic; 10-lb tlnn. a^ic: 5-Ib tins. 9»,c.
COTTOLE X E- -TttrcM, 8H«SSc per 1b; halt
barrels, S^tfSTic; 10-lb tins. 9Vic
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Everything under this head remains quiet at
previous prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands eell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. 9c; light. 9c; Cowhides.
9c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 10c: Dry
Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands. 13c; Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Sheepskins.
Shearlings 20*?3Pc each; short Wool. 35960o
each- medium. 70-gSOc: long Wool. $lt31 U each:
H •»!•!¦<• Hides. $232 50 for large and 75c<gjl 60
for small- Colts. 25fJ50c. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins, 37^®40c: fall or medium siting.
32H'g3Jc: winter or thin skins. 2Cc. Goatskine—
Prime Angoras. Tic; large and smooth. Me;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Hc per lb; Ho. 2.
4c; refined. 6c; grease. 2Vi83c
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. lSHSHc; Northern defective. 13
t*15c: Middle County, free. U@17c: Mtddla
County, defective. 13<313e: Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12if*13c: Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months'. 10^12c: Humboldt and Meado
clno. 20ig21c; Nevada. HftlTc per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6gllc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
In spite of the decline in Hams, Bacon and
Lard dealers rather look for an advance tn
Hogs this week, as they are scarce again.
Other Meats are as hrfore.
General Merchandise.
liKEK— aVsfcSVtc per Ib for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 8©?c; small. SUl^c per Ib,
MUTTON— Wethers. Bfe<S7c; ewes. StOti^o per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8ViS9c: yearlings. 7%33c per
pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, .'» T i'g6c for small. i> i i'3Z r io
for medium and oHiSi-Sc for larjce; stock Hogs
and feeders, dUS^'/jc: dressed Hoss. ~33!*c
BAGS— Pan Quentin Bags, t" 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. S^e; Wool Bags. 23'4'5^4c:
Fleeced Twine. THc
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; new "Welling
ton, JS; Scuthfleld ¦Wellington. JS; Seattle. $6;
Bryant. $8; Coos Bay, $3 50: Wallsend, $S; Co
operative Wallsend. W: Cumberland. $12 ia
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egs. $11: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $19
per ton In bulk and |1S tn sacks: Castle Gata
and Rock Spring*. 18 45 per 20CO lbs.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per Ib, In 100-!b bags: Cubes. A.
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.70c; Powdered.
5.30c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry Granulated.
6.20c: Confectioners' A. 5.20c; Magnolia A. ».30c:
Extra C. 4.70c: Gold«n C. 4.«0c; barrels. lOo
more: half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50c more;
r.Q-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 5.93c; boxes. f.20o per Ib.
Receipts of P^.'jce.
FOR SATURDAY, JUNE 9.
Flour, qr sks.... S.2i-2 jEsrza. d<->z 23.589
Wheat, ctls 14. COO ! Sugar, sks 2.60O
.Barley, ctls 5,54i> Chicory, bbls .... SO
Oats, ctls !Oi l,jm». bbl* - 1S2
Corn, ctls 1,920 'Leather, rolls 6«J
Butter, ctls 542, Quicksilver, flsks 117
Cheese, ctls 4fljWine. pals 50,S»
Tallow, ctls 277 Straw. ton3 15
Heans. sks 20OiHay. tons ........ 32f>
Potatoes, sks 3, 370 i Wool, bags I3H
Onions, sks 210 Pelts, bndls 97
Bran, sks 2.190 Hides, No S«T
Middlings, ska ... 940
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 17,273 Fran, sks 1.718
Oats, ctls 330 ¦, Wool, bale* 1.079
Potatoes, sks 1.38SI
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 ll«i 5 11^
Closing 5 llVi 5 111;
PARIS.
Wheat— June Sept.-Dec.
Opening .20 85 22 23
Closing W75 22 SO
Floui- —
Opening 2S 05 29 20
Closing 28 05 29 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600.
Market steady. Good to prime steers, $5 10®
5 75; poor to medium. $4 50@5; selected feeders,
weak. U 7C$5; mixed stockers, $3 75@4 25; cows.
$3(34 60; heifers, $3 1505; canners, J2 25@3; bulls,
$3(^4 40; calves. $5(^7; Texas fed steers, $4 60®
5 25; Texas grass steers, J3 75®4 40; Texas build,
tZ 20133 70.
HOOS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; Monday, 36,000
estimated; left over, 1000. Opened weak, closed
strong, steady; top, $5 25. Mixed and butchers.
$£0606 25; good to choice heavy. $5 15@5 25;
rough heavy. J5®5 10; light, $5@5 22V4; bulk of
sales. ?5 loiys 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 80@5 40; fair
to choice mixed, $4^5; Western sheep, $4 60S*
5 30; yearlings, $3 25® 3 80; native lambs. $5®
6 60; Western Iambs, $6@6 60; Colorado lambs,
«» 75@7 10: spring Iambs. $5<g5 70.
. Receipts this week: Cattle, 43,400: hogs, 169,
500; sheep, 56.SC0.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. June 9.— The market for cotton
futures opened steady with prices eight points
higher here on July and 2S4 points higher on
later months, due to a rush of shorts to cover
and after a flurry of buying for foreign Inter
ests. The July and August options absorbed the
bulk of attention and exhibited singular
Ktrencth. The former reached JS 70 within the
first half-hour, this being 21 points above last
night's closing.
' NEW YORK, June 9.— The brokers' price for
lead was $3 70 and for copper $16 50. Casting
copper, $15. - f
Nczu York Metal Market.
PORTLAND. Or., June 9. — Clearings, $243,987
balances, $65.66$.
Portland's Business.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, June 3.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
He; valley. 53654c: bluostem, 56c.
Cleared— British bark Lyrfeate, for Queens
tov/n. with 145,566 bushels wheat. '
TACOMA, June 9. — Wheat— Quiet; no change
In quotations. Bluestem, 554c; club, 63'ic, both
for export. ,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON'. J.une 9.— Consols, 101 7-16{rl01H: Sil
ver. 27»*d; French Rentes. lOlf 20c. Wheat car
goes on passage, buyers withdrawn, refusing to
pay the p.dvance asked.
LIVERPOOL. June 9.— WHEAT— Firm; N3. 1
Standard California. 6s 2d(8«s 2Hd; Wheat In
Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, quiet. French
country markets, quiet.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL. June 9.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 California, 6s ld@6s 2&d; No. I Northern
Hprini?. 5s ll'jd. Futures, strong; July, 5s lid;
September, 5s lOVad; December, nominal.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
lUid. Futures, firm; July, 3s HVi'l; September,
3a ll%d; December, nominal.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, June 9.— Fair trade In good grades
of wool during the week. Prices were firm.
Three bales of fine merinos and good crossbreds
were taken by American buyers.
The arrivals for the next series of wool auc
tion sales number 49,325 'bales, including 12,000
forwarded direct.
The imports for the week were: New South
Wales IOCS; Melbourne. 5907: South Australia,
llfi; Tasmania, 22; New Zealand. 4S50; Havre,
506; elsewhere, 4950. % -
3 Charters.
Th« M&bel Rlckmens loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 27s M.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearer* last week were |1«.MS,-
C71. axiiinst I17.2S3,7T7 for the same week last
year.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion Max 21 were tut fcMows:
1S99. 1900.
Oc'.d J22.7S6.IS3 J204.04J.23S
E'.lver 4fl.29S.642 40b.4n.64$
Trea*-jry 92.1CLTS2 7S,«3fi.7;9
rrotsj isrr.iss.eis »€3i.ia.7O7
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The I>>r.don Grocers' Gazette says
*Ti-.er« !» a little cion Inquiry for Callfor-
TA*. apricots, pears and peaches, but stocks are
ample for present time. The Inquiry for eal
raon Is a Uttl« better, but not quite sitlsfao
tory for the reason. Alaska has slightly ad
vanced, but Fraser Rl\*r of 1-lb. flat and H-lb.
r^.t are ellghtly easier. WJth not much in
quiry, the cold weatheT has somewhat reduced
demand. The Ser.ctor has arrived with about
£0.000 cases, so that the market is very well
eupplled."
Exports for Honolulu
The hark A '.den Besse cleared for Honolulu
Eatuniav with a g'r.eral cargo, valued at $4S.
6"5S. incJudlng: 10 cs. Olives. E bbls. Vinegar.
t cs. Dry Goods. EO tins Matches. £3 cs. Canned
Goods. :5 bx. Paste, DO nests Trunks, 25OS lbs.
Bread. C4 sks. Grain, S pkgs. fipiees, 5 bdls.
Brocms. ;s cs. Canned Meats. 67 pkg*. Soap.
•50 lbs. Her*. 9 cs. Chccr.la.te. 63 Fks. Beans. 150
tb!s. Flour, 34 pkgs. Salt Fish. 17 pkgs. Iron
ware. KV bale* talt, 1^ en. Canned Fruit, 75 c».
Cjir.ncii Vepetablee, 490 lbs. Lara, 222 c*. Oil,
IS cs. Boot* and Shoes. S78 lbs. Millstuffs. 16
cs§. G!a."-fviarf, 5 c«. Currants, jO kegs Oleomar
garine, 7 cs. Fireworks, 15 cs. Canned Fish, 15S
pkgs. nu'.lding Material. 4304 pkgs. Pipe and
Fittings, 25 »l:s. Gravel. 271 tks.. 31 cans
Afj.hH.t Rocf.ng. 203 pkgs. aiachlnerj-, 17 OS.
1'aint Ftocii, 13 pkc«. Mlliwork. 4» cs. Drugs. 1320
bcie*. T. anJ \V. 1'lata.". IT pkgs. Groceries ar-.d
Provisions. 7tXi cal. li-a pkts. iiottled Beer. ZTM
lbs. Tobacco. 2'»t gaJs. Wine. 10 bbls. Tar. 51
pkps. Pipe, 214 pkgs. Household Goods, IS pkgs.
Water cioeet Material. 12^0 lbs. Butter, 50 o.
llineraj Waier. 567 lbs. Soda. 15 bbls. Ginger
Aie. IS r-kgs. Insulators, !» pkgs. Dry Plates, to
pk«rs. Hardv.cre. 81 cs. Paint. 20 cs. Dry Goods.
Zj cs. Whisky, 240 cs. Liquors, 2S pk«s. Con
fectionery. 40 rolls 1S5 pkfK. Paper. 10U bbla.
Lime, tid pkes. Bottles, 100 bdlB. l_»emljohns. It
doz. Pai!e ar.d Covers.
The baxitenune Irmcard cleared for Hono
lulu Saturday with a cargo valued at i4?,,:.:«4,
which included the following: B7.243 Bricks. 160
Telegraph Poles. 32 cs. Dry Goods. 7 cs. No
tions, is cs. laJnt. .". pkgs. Sewing Machines. 47
pkgs. Haj-dware, S4 pkgs. Miscellaneous Mer
chandise, 4 bdls. f)ars. 30 bx. Candles, to pkgs.
Ironware. 6 pkg-s. Household Goods. 84$ ctls.
Barley. 212 c*. Soap, 1035 pkgs. Oil Cake, 4S4
b&les Hay. 1>"> eks. Beane, 632 ctls. Oat», 18
t kg*. Wall Paper. 22.300 ft. Lumber. 4CJ0 pkgs.
ripe. 23 pkgs. Harness. 25 bars 56 bdles. Iron,
7 pfcr* Electrical Goods. £7 cs. Arms and Am
riUBitlon, 2009 ska. Bran. !645 eks. Middlings,
IS bales Cordage. 27 rolls Leather, g pkgn.
leather GckkJs, S bdls. Brooms. 41 Hides. 1620
lbs. TVibaoco. 25 cm. Canned Goods. 1SO0 lbs. Lard.
fro oe. Groceries and Provisions, 86 bbls. .Asphalt.
C5 bbls. Vinegar. 12 pkps. Machinery. 2040 gals.
Win*. CO pkps. Asle Grease, 2S pkjfS. Wire
Goods, 69 bars IS pkg*. Srteel, 1700 gals. Ga*o
l!n«. 6 wagons, 8 pkgs. Wagon Material, 5 c».
Glassware. 2VS pcf. Malleables. S7.S17 lbs. Rolled
Barley. 7 pkgs. Printing Material, 6S5 pkgs.
Structural Iron, 25? ctlB. Corn, 150 bdln. Paper,
15 ctls. Wheat, 25 sks. Peas. 15 pkgs. 7 pigs
TJn. 78 bis. Halsins, 24 pkgn. Dried Fruit. 2i
X>kg«. Pearl Barley, 600 !bs. Hops, 7 ca Playing
Cards.
Merchandise for Hilo.
The fcark Amy Turner cleared Staturday for
Ullo. H. I., with a cargo of merchandise val
•ued at $50,226. which Included the following: 6*
cs. Car.r.ed Meats. KK2 lbs. Butter, 10.660 lbs.
X«rd. 105 pkg». Groceries and Provisions, 4
rolls Leather. 2137 gals. Wine, 29 bbls. Meats,
73C2 lbn. Mlllstuffs, 28 cr. Ham. 11 cr. Bacon,
T2S tibia. Flour. 128 ctls. Wheat. 450 eks. Mld
x3;!r.*m. J130 tks. Bran. 271.&05 lbs. Rolled Bar
ley. "CSS It*". Tobacco, L0 kegs Oleomargarine.
225 bbls. 30 cm. Bottled Beer. &0 tons Dried
Fertilizer. 25 tons Cane Manure, Z, tons Bone
Meal, J40 cs. Soap, 15.€?9 U.s. Sugar. 16.C00
Clears. £0.000 Cigarettes. 20 tons Coal, 30 pkgs.
Jlardware. 10 cs. Canned Fruit, 3cs. Paint. C cs.
Varnish. € 0*. Cultivator. StS kegs Nails. COOP
lba. Meals, 2?) re. Canned Salmon. 320 rn. Can
red Goods, d bW«. Salmon. 1S5 pkg*. Fait Fish.
4" bis. Fruit. S&3SS lbs. Bread. 137.600 lbs. Rice,
35 head C*ttle, 245 i"k«. neans. 15; pkgs. Paste.
tO sks. Or.ioni". 45 Fks. Potato*^. «:/> hales Hay.
t?..lfij lbs. Barley. K<n hVAr. Lime. 27.216 Bricks,
£48 pkgn. Millwork. 79Sil ft. Lumber. 5 cs. Arms
tnd Ammunition. £0 cs. I/amp Goods, 1125 lbs.
*:ra.ck«»d Corn. 17S *ks. Corn. 185 bales Salt. S49
lbs. <'."ho'?!M». 25 cs. 5 bMs. Sardines. 300 gals.
Caroline. 7Z0 cs. Cnal Oil, 9 pkgs. Household
Good* 14 pkps. Water Closet Material, S
; kg*. Crockery. 93 rtlf. Oats. 1J> colls Cordage,
TO o*. Paper. 1120 lbs. Poda. 4K pkrs. Hardware.
tl pkrs. Ftsrrh. 10 bdl?=. nmoms. 17 palls
'andy. 18 lAle. Pai>er Bags. 25 bars 7 bdls.
>on.' « wnrnnr 23 pkcs. Wagon Material. 40
j kta. I^ied Fruit. 26 cr. Glassware, 20 cs. Can
dles 4H likes. I>ried Kieh, E cases Garlic. 6
rkgs. M::i Ma^hlnctr. 10 cs. Oil. 10 cs. Turpen
tine. VI pkcs. I>ry Goods.
Merchandise for Russia.
The Ftcamer Samoa cleared Saturday for
Alexander Ray. R!r??!a, with the following
carirn v a i u »>d at SS722: 3 pxjrs. Assay Ooodo.
8 pkijs. Rubber Goods. S pfcri>. Pumps and Fix
ture, re pkRx. T«>r.t* «nd Fixtures. 6 cr. Rifles
and RtxppUea 2S c«. I>ry Goods. 13 Mis. Hags.
WW '¦•¦. Lumber 7 c«. Pruss. s cs. Household
Good*, 14S r.kri". Hardware. 5 pktr*. Photo Ma
tfrfal. Mi jkes. Mining Machinery. S en. Fhoe*.
COO lbs. T^t>::'.co, 1 launch. 1 whaleboat.
Additional Cargo
Weather Report.
r:;o t h M.rt<lisn-Paeln> Time.)
SAV FrtANCISCO. June 9— 5 o. m.
Th» following maximum temperaturen are re
ported frrm stations in California to-day:
Kurfka f/'Fan Dlejro 70
Frr*no <«i Sacramento P4
Jx5* Anroict 72iFan Lul» OhWprt 71
H*1 Hiuff M Mount Tamalpals »
Independence 72'
Kan Framisco Cat*; Maximum temperature.
C2; minimum. £4; mean. C8. ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FXDRECAST.
O*T.rr«lly cloudy weather prevails over Call-
Iorx!a. Nevada, Utah and Arizona; elsewhera
on the Pacific Coast It Is clear. Scattering
light showers have fallen over the Rocky Moun
tain region.
The pressure has fallen over Washington and
risen over the Rocky Mountain reslon.
The temperature has risen over Washington,
Oregon and Northern California and fallen
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather In California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 10. 1900:
Northern California — Fair. except partly
cloudy along the coast Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
fresh west wtnd.
Nevada— Fair Sunday: warmer.
Utah — Partly cloudy, warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy or
iosey Sunday; fresh west wind
v G. H. WILLSON*.
s Local Forecast Official.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery, 14%®iSHc; dairy,
13tf©15He. Cheese, steady, S®9?»c. Eggs,
heavy; fresh, lOTiftllc.
usual terms: bakers' extras, 13 40(g3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25g3 per barrel.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks «r» as fol
low?, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;. Rye ¦Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Groats. }4 (0; Hominy. 13 2503 SO; Buck,
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 23:
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. %3; Rolled
Oats (barrels) »6fT £5; tn sacks. 13 7597: Pearl
Barley, Ji; Spilt Peas, $5; Green Peas,. (o SO per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is nothing new to report. Hay iVdull
and FeedstuCs are steady/;;; vr
BRAN— 112 50tfl3 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17®2O per ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. »1S©1« per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
J27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Corn Meal,
|!5; Cracked Corn. 123 50; Mixed Feed, $15 60.
HAY— Wheat, $73)9 for common to good. $9 50
<310 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50®9 SO; Oat
l$«rs: Barley. S5@7: Alfalfa. *5<37 SO per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, J4©6: Wheat. *S@7;
Clover, U 50^6; Alfalfa. Joi£f7; Barley. 1435 per
ton.
STRAW-^2S®37%c per bale.
„ Beans and Seeds.
The trade report something doing In Beans
at the revised quotations. Seeds are dull and
unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85®3: small White. $3 259
3 40: large White, J2 75@3: Pink. |:5O^2M;
Red. J2 50S3; BlackeyV. . J3 50iQ3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $S 30«ji 4U; Pea. £S 49@3 lu; tttil
Kidneys. 1404 EO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Teltow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 >0S 2 20; Canary. 3Hc
per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. :%©3c; Hemp, 4S4^c;
Timothy, 4@4V»C
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 90©2 25; Green, $1 SO
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Vegetable market cleaned up very well
yesterday and prices were steady. There was
no particular change In Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, $1£1 C5; New
Potatoes, 40c@$l in sacks and 35c£$i in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 35«36oc; Sliversklns, «5c9
11 per ctl; Australian. $3@3 50 per ctl.
. VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l 50 per
sack for Vacaville and per dozen for bay;
Rhubarb, 251175c per box; Asparagus, 50cJjJl
per box for No. 2 and $1 2:.!& s l SO for No. 1
and $1 7502 25 for fancy large: Green Peas.
75c@Sl 25 per sack; String Beans. 2H®5c;' Cab
bage, 40@5Oc: Tomatoes, 75c® $1 50; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 5(fi6c: Dried Okra, 32^c per
Ib; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, "83c;
Dried Peppers. 86 10c: Carrots. 25@3ic per sack;
Summer Squash, 5045 75c per box for Vacaville
and $li&l 50 for Alameda: Cucumbers. $1 23®1 50
for Alameda and 60c©$l per box for Marysvllie;
new Garlic, 3t?4c per Ib.
Poultry and Game.
The market is not in very good shape. There
were almost two cars of Eastern left unsold at
the close of business yesterday, and several
cars more will go on the first of the week.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$l(gl 25; Goslings, $1@1 23: Ducks, $4®5 for
old and $Ji&5 for young; Hens. $4^4 M; Young
Roosters. $4 60<S3; Old Roocters, $3 50<£M; Fryers.
$3 50g4; Broilers. $2 50<g3 for large and $1 75®
2 25 for small; Pigeons. $1 SOi^l 75 per dozen
for old and ll'al 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter rules firm at the advance already re
ported. Eggs have moved up another fraction,
and Cheese is firm.
The pernicious practice of contracting for
Buiter on newspaper quotations may. like a
good many other evils, correct Itself. It has
extended to the retailers, who find that by con
tracting on the same basis as the wholesalers
they can pave 1 cent a pound on their pur
chases. In other words, they can go over the
heads of the wholesalers and buy their Butter
direct from the country. Anything that will
break up this practice is a blessing to the trade.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 19c; seconds 1S@
1SV4C
Dairy— Fancy, 17H@lSc; good to choice, 16t?
17c: common, 14315c.
CHEESE— New 8®9c: Younjr America, 90
9Uc; Eastern. 16@17e: Western. 15@16 per Ib.
EGGS— Quoted at 13H@15c for store and 169
ISc per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 15Hc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Thompson's Seedless Grapes from Arizona
sold at $2 50® 3 rer crate.
. With the exception of Plums and Inferior
Apples and Pears the market cleaned up very
well yesterday. Peaches declined, but were
mostly sold. Apricots were firm, and but few
were left on hand. Cherries were quiet. Cur
rants dragged. Berries did not show the cus
tomary Saturday advance, though they brought
faiF prices.
DtCIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 30(g65c per box for Royals; In
baskets, 35«g40c.
APPLES— Green Apples, 25@50c per box and
20#30c per basket and 4tiQ75o for Ked Astra
chans, large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline. In small box»s, 20@30c per
box; In basket.". 154j'20c.
PLUMS— llXSGOc per box and crate: Cherry
Plums. 10®20c for drawers and 20iQ40e for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $3.«4 oer chest for large
and $o@10 for small berries. .
UOOSEBERKIES--a«3Hc per Ib for common
an <j oer Ib for English.
RASPBERRIES— $3ffl6 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— $I5C@5 per chest: from
Fresno . and from Newcastle 30© 40c per
crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— J4<3» per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 50®4 per chest.
FIGS— From Vacavllle, $1 25©1 60 per box.
PEACHES— 25(§ 75c rer box and 60<375c per
basket.
CHERRIES— 35@50c per box for black: Royal
Anne, 40£r6Oc. In bulk, 2@4c for black and 4£5c
for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Nave! Oranges. $1 5002 50
per box: Seedlings, Sli'l 70; Valencia*. tZ&Z 50;
Lemons. JUT1 50 for <ommon and $292 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. HQi: Ba
nanas. $1 S0@3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 ic& I
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
It Is reported that Prunes promise to run to
small sixes In the upper part of Sonoma County,
with a large yield. Other Prune sections have
net yet reported as to size. New Apricots will
probably open at about 8c. though this price is
not expected' to hold. For future delivery 7c Is
about the quotation.
UKIKU fKUVra-PninM. In sacks. 4QIVic
for 40-iC». 3V4#3?«<- % ftr 50-60'si. 3>4tj3;*c t or
60-70' s. 34/3UC for 70-Ws. 2 : i23c for SO-90's
and W$VZKc for 80-100'a; Apricots. »C10c for
ltoyals and lOttllc ' for Moorparks: Peaches.
4Vitl4\;c for Standards. 5c for chotre and S<4&
6c for foncy: Peeled Perches. 10®i:Hc; Evapo
rated Apples. &!i©6c: *in-drled. 3©4c p*r Ib:
PearK. :H4MVie lor dar< and 7#3c for bright
halves: Black Figs. I*i4jlc: White Figs, 2©3c;
Bleached Plums. "He: Unbleached Plum*. 6c
for pitted and l%c ror unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson** fancy, per
Ib. 10c: choice. 9c; sta-idard, He: prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per Ib. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. SVic: cholcs. 7Hc: standard. «>4c;
prime Sc: unbleached gultanas. 5c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5Vjc;
S-crown, 6>ic; 4-crown. 7s; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 P*r box; S-crown, (1 60. Fancy
Clufters. $2: Deheta. $2 10: Imperial. Ji All
prices are f. o. t>. at common shipping points
tn California.
NUTS— \\alnuts, 8®5c ftr Standards and 9%_
10c for softshells; Almonds, llH®12c for paper
shell 9«10c for soft and 4S3c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%06?ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Braxll Nuts. 7H©Sc: Filberts. i:@12Hc;
Pecans. ll©«c: Cocoanuts. $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb. J2',s!0l3c for bright and llt>
12c for light amber: water white extracted.
Tn@~'\.r- MsM amber extracted, 7S7Ue; dark.
Cc per lb-
BtKSWAX- 24OCSC per Ib.
Provisions.
What with the general cutting among local
dealers Cured Meats are demoralized.- and in
most cases are at or Ijelow cost of production.
CURED "MEATS-Bacon. 10@10%c per Ib for
heavy. ' lOtf ©10%e for light medium. ll«4c for
light, 12 Vic for extra light and 14Vio for sugar
decrease Is traceable to the amounts paid In to
the treasury In response to the call of the Sec
retary for a percentage of public deposits, but
these payments were counterbalanced In large
part by receipts .of funds from the Interior.
Following the expansion noted a week ago of
about seven and a third millions In loans, the
fame item for the current week shows another
gain of JS.5S3,C00, although In what channels
these new commitments have gone it Is not
easy to explain. The loan total is now J13.000.000
in excess of the highest record of 1899. Deposits
for the week are $5,790,900 higher, owing to In
crease In Joans, but the total does not come up
to the maximum of $914,000,000 reached during
the early part of the year 1899. The general
trade and speculative situation does not sus
tain the theory that the rising totals Is. both
loans and deposits are caused by demands from
either source, and It is probably true that spe
cial operations are responsible for the heavy
changes. The approaching July dividend pe
riod now less than three weeks distant, will
begin to influence the weekly statement from
this time on. In view of this circumstance and
also because of the payments of the banks to
the treasury, and the early cessation of a flow
of Interior funds to New York, it Is to be ex
pected that the reports of the banks will goon
show declipjng averages.
Whether higher money rates are to be looked
for Is a problem that Is not capable of solution
just now. Taking Into consideration all that
hn« been outlined, and the additional ract that
a Presidential campaign and heavy crop move
ments'are drawing near, in*, natural Inference
Is that with the maintenance of a volume of
business anywhere near the present level money
must advance if It moves at all. The new cir
culation taken out by banks will not be an ap
preciable factor In stopping ordinary movements
of money over the present crop year, although
It may chanee to a slight extent the character
of the money sent West. The circulation taken
out by one New York bank alone amounts to
dnte to more than six millions.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 9. — Available cash bal
ance, U47.C3S.740; gold, 172,002,113.
Q
London Market.
NEW YORK. June 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
CLOSING,
The markets here were very Idle and heavy in
tone under Influence of the Chinese danger,
superadded to- the report that Lord Roberts
communication had been cut north of Kroon
siad. Apparently only the telegraph wires
¦were damaged.
Americans dragged on free Berlin selling.
LONDON. June 9.— Atchison, 25H: Canadian
Pacific 94H; Union Pacific preferred. 74k;
Northern Pacific preferred, 76; Grand Trunk. 7;
Anaconda, SV»: Rand, 39>i. Bar sliver, steady,
27ftd per ounce.
$10 65@11 80: lard, per 100 lbs, $6 774S6 90: short
rib sides (loose). J6 70®7; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). fi'iij'i-Vc: short clear sides (boxed).
{7 30@7 40; whisky, basis high wines, $1 23; clo
ver, contract JS.
Bank clearings shozv a gain over last year.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat qiijdcr and weaker. Barley unchanged.
Oats looking better on Government orders for Manila.
Com and Rye zveak and in better supply.
Something doing in Beans at revised prices.
Nothing lira in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Vegetables well cleaned up.
Considerable wtsvld Poultry left on hand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm. t
-Vo overstock of Fruit as yet.
Prunes reported small in size in northern Sonoma.
Dried Apricots expected to open at 8c.
Local dealers still cutting cured meats.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Hogs scarce and firm. Other meats unchanged.
Local securities dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
can i Sugar Refining Company Is admitted to
oe lying down in peace with its competitors
only a part of the competitors are Inside the
sugar company Instead of all of them, as en
a previous similar occasion. The stocks have
tnerefore been under pressure. The continued
renux of money to New York, while offering
means for cheap speculation, discourages It
because It la an Index or declining trade and
business.
The bond market has been dull, but prices
have been remarkably steady.
ii li 6 ? States 6s declined 94. old 4s (couponj
H. old 4s (registered) % and refunding (coupon)
3s and new 4s Vi in the bid price. The 2s
advanced \i,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
«£ e8 o Closing
bold. Stocks— 111 j
3.1S5 Atchison 2V,i
15,150 Atchison prefd 7lVi
7.560 Baltimore & Ohio .. 76Vi
Canadian Pacific 92
• Canada Southern £,1
1.140 Chesapeake & Ohio 26?;'
oOO Chicago Great Western 11**
8.2:0 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12<!}»
Chicago Ind &. Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97
Chicago & Xorth western 162H
3.S65 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 106U
J25 C C C & St Louis 581?
1,500 Colorado Southern 6'4
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44>i
900 Colorado Southern 2d prefd ' 19'4
100 Delaware & Hudson 122
200 Delaware Laikawanna & Western. !l7S
Denver & Rio Orande I7«i
260 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66U
Erie ii!u
160 Erie 1st prefd ' 351*
800 Great Northern prefd .""15'Va
Hocking Coal ...*i 14
Hocking Valley 37
Illinois Central , n>Vi
Iowa Central 171,
Iowa Central prefd 46
150 Kansas City Fittsburg & Gulf 1«H
Lake Shore 212^4
610 Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd Do
3.155 Louisville & Nashville 77»i
1.630 Manhattan Elevated S9
S00 Metropolitan Street Railway 154H
Mexican Central IJVi
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 60' 4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SIJi
11.C25 Missouri Pacific 53^i
Moblle"& Ohio 3SVi
....... Missouri Kansas & Texas lO 1^
230 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32'»
600 New Jersey Central- ;...I2l'i
1.76S New York Central 129
1.270 Norfolk & Western 33 l i
Norfolk & Western prefd 76H
12,415 Northern Pacific 57 1 ,
L19S Northern Pacific prefd 73%
£25 Ontario & Western 2*\
Oregon Railway & Xav 42
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 74
3.2S0 Pennsylvania 12"JU
IV0 Reading 17
9.300 Reading 1st prefd 6S l i
540 Reading 2d prefd 2>»W
Rio Grande Western 5S
Rio Grande Western prefd S7 6 «
I til Louis & San Fran 3"»
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd CS
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34
2vO St Louis .Southwestern i>'i
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 24'i
11,375 St Paul 114N,
St Paul prefd 174
St Paul & Omaha US
4.150 Southern Pacific 33 1 *
1.230 Southern Railway 115 l «
1.42.J Southern Railway prefd 52*i
100 Texas & Pacific 15*;
S.670 I'nion Pacific ' 53->i |
7S5 l.'nlon Pacific prefd 73'i
ZOO Wabash 7 3 i j
2>*> Wnbash prefd 3 19H I
2(10 Wheeling & Lake Erie >>*i
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2»U
100 Wisconsin Central 14"» j
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American 1W
United States <1
Wells-Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 33'.i :
American Cotton Oil prefd SO !
American Malting 3U j
American Malting prefd M'i !
410 American Smelting &• Refng 37»i j
2i0 American Sfmeltlng & Refng prefd.. HOVi !
American Spirits £>,«
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop :V»i
10} American Steel Hoop prefd 70 j
;,2») American Steel & Wire ..21 ..
S45 American Pteel & Wire prefd 73^ |
American Tin Plate :i',j j
American Tin Plate prefd 7J'i I
8.130 American Tobacco MU j
American Tobacco prefd 123
330 Anaconda Mining Co 4'Vg
3.42D Brooklyn Rapid Transit >!S l -
l.ei/) Colorado Fuel A Iron -Si's !
500 Continental Tobacco 21 !
155 Continental Tobacco prefd SO j
3.?.fi>> Federal Steel M'i j
£.23 Federal Steel prefd 66U
General Klectric 132 • ¦
(Jlucose Sugar 4S |
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
1.410 International Paper 23'4
1'X) International Paper prefd Oi\
' I.acle.le Ua.i 73 ,
National Biscuit W.4
National Biscuit prefd 73 1
National Lead IS'.i i
National I^ad prefd !>3
....... National Steel 27' j j
National Steel profd SC'.i
2» New York Air Brake 130
North American 14"4
Pacllle Coast 49
Pacific Coast 1st prefd '. 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 59
7S0 Pacific Mall 2B'i
2,725 People's Gas S8'4
210 Pressed Steel Car 45^4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 74
127 Pullman Palace Car 1S1
Standard Rope <fc Twine 6
S.S7iJ Sugar 114U
Sugar prefd 112
2.230 Tennessee Coal & Iron $S\
«.fi73 United States leather 9Vi
37.'> United States Leather prefd 68Vi
United States Rubber 25«4
100 United States Rubber prefd 93
340 Western Union 7!>*i
1W Republic Iron & Steel 12^
10O Republic Iron & Steel prefd....; 58
P C C & St Louis 55
Third Avenue Ill
1S0.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S refund 2s reg ]M K & T 2ds «7',4
fvhm Issued) 103 jM K & T 4s 91
Do coupon 103>,£!N Y Central lsts...lll«i
IT S 2s registered.. 100 N -T Cent gen Rs 121*4
11 S 3s registered.. 109 |N*orthern Pac Ss d6 T \
IT s 3s coupon 109 iNorthern Pac 4s 104.' ( j
I' S new"4s reg 134VN Y C & St L 4s. .106
II S new 4s coupon. 134Vi;Nor & W cons 4s... 97>£
U S old 4s reg 114\i|Oregon Nav lsts...lO9
tr S old 4s coupon. .HSUiOregon Nav 4s 102>i
11 S f.s registered. .113 iOr Short Line 6s. ..128
I'. H 5s coupon 113 'Or S L cons 5s 114
I)!f=t of CM 3.65s:. .123 jlteadlng gen 4s 8S>4
AtrhtBon gen 4s 100V t It g Western lsts.. 99»i
Atchison adjust 4s. 83*i':t L & I M cons Ss.llO^i
Canada Sou 2ds 106H'Pt L A S F gen 6s. 124
Thes * Ohio 4Hs... 99H-M Paul cons 171
rhes & Ohio 5s U7«4iSt Paul C & P lsts.120
«• A Nor cons 7s....l4tti J5t Paul C A P 5s. .121
C & N S F Deb 5s.l17»4 southern Pac 4s 804
Chicago Term 4s...- 9"> Poutnern Ry 6s 112
Pol Southern 4s KCH Standard R & T 6s 71
rvnver & R O lsts.102 Texas & Pac lsts..H3%
Denver & R O 4s.. 39V Texas & Pac 2ds.. 65
i; T Va & Ga lsts.ir.3H I Union Pacific 4s. ..106ft
Brie general 4s Tili'^'abash lsts. 115
Ft W & D C -sts.. 70<4lWabash 2ds 102
Gen Electric 5s 120 West Shore 4s 113%
Iowa Central lsts. .113 Wls Central lsts... 91
K C P & O lsts 7lH|Va Centuries 92%
L & N unified 4S...100UI
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario ...; 7 00
Crown Point 05'Oohlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Plymouth 10
Deadwood f.0 [Quicksilver 1 50
Gould it Curry 12iQulcksilver prefd.. 7 00
Hale & Not-cross... 21 Sierra Nevada 27
Homestake DO OOjptandard 3 75
lion sliver fil Union Con 17
Mexican 18 I Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Old Dominion ...... 16 '
C.itl loans 214O3 Rubber 25
Time loans 2Vi<£3 Union Pacific 53V4
Stocks— West End 92
A T & S F 24% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd... 71Vi Atchison 4s 100V4
American Sugar.... 113% N E Gas & Coke 5s 65
Am Sugar prefd. ...114 Mining shares —
Bell Telephone 302 \ jventure 3Vi
Boston & Albany... 241 Allouez Mining Co. 1
Boston Elevated ...138 Amalg Copper 87
Boston & Maine. ..M Atlantic 21
C U & Q 127 Roston 4- Montana 295
Dominion Coal 40Vi flutte & Boston...:. 65
Pom Coal prefd.... 117 Calumet & Hecla..71O
Federal • Sisrt MH Centennial ......... 16
Fed Steel prefd fifi'i Humboldt 60
Fitchburgprera 134 O«ceola 69
General Electric. ..132 Parrot .: 40
Gen Electric prefd. 13S Santa Fe Copper... 4H
Ed Elec 111..." 200 Tamarack .ISO
Mexican Central... 12*4 Utah Mining 25
Jw E Gas & Coke... 16 .Wlnona 2^
Old Colony 207 iWolverlnes 2Vi
About the Amount of Wheat Expected, but More Barley.
Following is the regular, semi-annual estimate of the stock of grain on hand in the State. Issued by'the San Francisco Produce Ex
change. The stock of Wheat is about what had been expected, but that of Barley is lareer: . •' ':? ¦>';
STOCK OF GRAIN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Associated Banks' Statement
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Financier says:
After a three weeks' expansion • In surplus re
eerve the New York bank* again, report a loss
In cash held above legal requirements, the con
traction over the ; past' six .days having been
$1,743,025. This decrease /was due , more to the
operation of a rising deposit total .than' to real
loss of cash, the reduction in the actual hold
ings footing up only about , $000,000. The cash
Local stocks and bonds were dull and un
changed. The oil stocks were neglected.
The dividend of the Malta-well Sugar Plantar
tton will be paid un the 25th, instead of tiia
13th.
31
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
In a<1(5itirn to the cargo previously reported
the dty of Pydnoy. which sailed Friday for
I'tiuma. <*arrie<1:
For Central America— W bales Cinnamon. 6no
U*. I*M. :«•> )»,». Tarred Felt, 10*5 lbs. O>PP*r.
f> r>k«rs. OrocerifF, )0 «ks. Potato**, 25 m. House
hold iVif«!s. 2 <~*. V*rn<*h. Value. $671.
Fr.r New Cork— 139.4*0 lbs. Wool, 41 sks. Cop
r*r Cwn»it. 7 pkr*. Household Goods. IK bdl«.
Hnr?, lWi gals. Hrandy. 91.113 cals. Wine. 121
j>krs. nutiher. 10 cs. Drugs, 12 eks. Shells.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain and Provisions.
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Closr.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70H 71 70% 70*;
July..... •• 7!Vi 72V4 71 71%
AujfJSt ... "3 73 71% 71T»
> Corn No. 2—
June 8S'i 40 39 33
July ....:...:. S9Vi 40 39 39
- Oats No. 2 — ¦-
June 22U 22H 21% jitj
July K% 22»i 22 22fc
Mess Pork, bbl—
July. ............T..... 1180 11 65 11 72H 11 75
September U 85 1190 1180 U 80
I>ard, ,100 lbs— ; t
July «93 8 97V4 6 85 6 874
September .'........;.. « 92% 6 87tf 6 87V4 6 90
Short Ribs. 100 lbs- a -
July ;..*...... 6 85 6 91 6 82»i 8 85
September 6 85 | 6 87H 6 82»j 6 82
ARTICLES.
REPORT OP
FLOUR
AND
GRAIN
REMAININO IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
ON
JUNE
1,
1900.
Flour. Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans. J Corn. . Rye.
'¦ _________ barrels. centals. centals. centals. . sacks. centals, centals.
Ban Francisco Warehouses and Mills. Including grain and flour afloat In V •
harbor and In transit..... 16.940 37S.200 271,460 96.200 78,533 8,949 7,120
Sonoma. Solano. Yolo. Colusa and Glenn counties • 14.100 2.064.560 1S8.3«O 16,440 1,600
Sacramento. Yuba. Sutter. Batte. Placer and Tehama counties 9.650 1.213.S40 107.740 «,7«0 1»> 5.040
Contra, Costa and Alaraefla counties 1,423 1,691.660 645,600 4.200. 725 . . 4" 940
San Joaquln, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno, Madera, Tulare, Kings and Kern " ... . -,
counties ; 58,275 . 2.400,330 . 836,140 760' ....... 7.S60 3.140
San Mateo, Santa Clara, San Benito. Santa Cruz. Monterey and San Luis
Obispo counties 14,553 614,180 369.S60 22,»2O 3,021 ' 40
Santa Barbara. \ entura. Los Angeles. Orange. San Bernardino. Riverside . • -
and San Diego counties - 2 m 103.320 JS9.340 . 700 33.843 5.340 1.000
Totals 95,000 8,367,840 2.10S.520 147.950 114.CS8 2S.7SO S4.249
1 Oats. I
I centals. I
I Beans. I Corn.
. sacks. 1 centals.
Rye.
centals
COMPARATIVE
STATEMENT.
IF"lour.\| Wheat. I Barley, I Oats. I Beans. I Corn. I Bye.
barrels. I centals. I centals. I centals, sacks. ] centals, j centals.
ISD9— December 1 ;
June 1
1S98— December 1
June 1 '
112,136 15.995.2«O 4.778.SSO 233,700 265.117 64.140
70.90$ 3.394.1GO 132,420 23,4«0 30S.973 15.560 10,56<)
122.833 6.494. 800 1.S64.20O 196.000 513,459 38.440
S7.3J0 3.152,630 M3.0«0 109,330 6S1.263 112.780 54.300
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Closr.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70H 71 70% 70*;
July..... •• 7!Vi 72V4 71 71%
AujfJSt ... "3 73 71% 71T»
> Corn No. 2—
June 8S'i 40 39 33
July ....:...:. S9Vi 40 39 39
- Oats No. 2 — ¦-
June 22U 22H 21% jitj
July K% 22»i 22 22fc
Mess Pork, bbl—
July. ............T..... 1180 11 65 11 72H 11 75
September U 85 1190 1180 U 80
I>ard, ,100 lbs— ; t
July «93 8 97V4 6 85 6 874
September .'........;.. « 92% 6 87tf 6 87V4 6 90
Short Ribs. 100 lbs- a -
July ;..*...... 6 85 6 91 6 82»i 8 85
September 6 85 | 6 87H 6 82»j 6 82
ARTICLES.
GRIFFLE GREEK ILLUSTRATED!
A great volume. JUST OUT. Nearly W> pho-
to-engravings of gold mining scenes; also cor-
rect mar>. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill ore produced. dividends, etc. ADSO-
LUTELY. DISINTERESTED. The edition cost
Jl OTO to issue. To introduce -our bis illus-
trated weekly family paper (founder! 1W) we
will send you a copy of "CRIPPLE CREEK
ILLUSTRATED" and our paper 13 weeka on
trial for 23c. Clubs of 5. SI. Stamps tak?n.,
Latest mining news ami "Western stories. liefer
to the editor of this paper. Address
ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY, ppnver. Colo.
fe fe fe
AUCTION SALE
— OF —
50 HEAD HORSES,
HIGH-CLASS.
Sired by DEL PASO, WESTERN. ROBERT
LEE, EXILE, etc. Out of mares by PATCH-
EN. ALASKA, BISMARCK, KENTUCKY. ete.«
Catalogues Now Ready. Horses Now at Tani.
Bred by J. B. HAGOIN. ESQ. Kern County
Land . Co.
TO BE SOLD ON
THURSDAY JUNE 14. 1300
At 11 At M . at
SALES YARD. 17C2 Market St.. cor. Van XesJ.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successors to KILIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION . SALE
Jf*r>» ' AT
SWITZER'S STOCKYARD,
Cor. TWELFTH and HARRISON STS..
MONDAY .June 11, 1900,
' AT 11 A. M.
We will sell 40 head of horses from Miller &
Lux Ranch. These horses are from 4 to 7 years
eld and weigh from 1CC0 to liCO pounds, are welt
halter-broke. Will make flrst-clasa drtving
horses. Must be sold without reserve or limit-
Horses will arrive Friday June 8.
SULLIVAN * DOTLE, Auctioneers.
Office X7 Sixth St., San Francisco.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fe' AT fej
GRAND ARCARE HORSE MARKET,
327 Sixth st. at 11 o'clock a. m.,
WEDNESDAY, June 13. WC0.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will soir a lot of
FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES.
Also 13 head of draft horses, young and sound,
weighing from 1X0 to 1850.
V SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.Amador County.
Brown Brothers of Oleta have bought
the Mount Pleasant mines at Grizzly Flat.
El Dorado County.
The Etna Valley Advance furnishes the
following concerning mines in Slskiyou
County: "The Hawkinsville dredger In
Yreka Creek Is about completed and
nearly ready to begin operations. William
Thompson of the south fork of the Salmon
has struck a large ledge of ore near his
residence. W. C. Stanley has proceeded
to develop the Mother Lode and Mother
Lode Extension mines recently bonded to
J. D. Clinton. The snow between Salmon
and New rivers is about gone, making it
convenient for prospectors to get through
the country. They are coming In very
: fast, two or three a day. passing over the
i trails with their pack animals, going to
and from New River. In the Coffee Creek
section work is progressing rapidly on
several of the ledges."
The Arrow mine, near Soulsnyvllle.
Tuolumne County, under bond to Charles
Fair is being developed. The Grand View
gravel mine, near Jamestown, has re
• sumed operations, and the Consolidated
Gold Mining Company -will work it. The
new management will operate the Santa
Ysabel mine. Work has been resumed at
the Tarantula. . .
The American Mining News, published
In New York, gives this piece of news:
The Vome and York Gold Mining Company
of AlaFka, with an office at E0 Brpadway. Is
now buying In this city the machinery with
which to operate Its properties, which consist
of 180 acres of a'/rlferous deposits, one beach
and eight creek claims. Dr. R. S. I*aw is to
be the general manager of the company at
Nome The company intends to erect two
plants on the beach claim and one on each of
the creek claims. The beach claim plants will
have a capacity of 200 cubic yards, or 300 tons,
per hour, and the company estimates the en
tire output from the nine claims, when all th
r>Vnnts are busv, at about $25,000 a day. - Ex
rnTtA States Senator Anthony Hlggins Is the
president with B. H. Irving as vice president
< "Twen\ S y ir districts In Colorado, with Lake
County in the lead, last year produced
coMper of the value of ?1.9?5,51S. In none
of the counties, with the exception of
Chaffee County. Is copper produced on its
own account. It appears on the list of
by products from gold ana silver mines
and has been treated as such at the smelt-
Its and mills. In some low-grade gold
mines the value of the copper In the ore
ha" reached the level of a determining
factor holding the balance between profit
and the abpence of profit. The smelter
contracts recently made have In Lake
County advanced the copper charge by
confiscating a certain percentage of the
conner found In the assays.
The Colfax Sentinel gives the following
icccunt of the running operations at the
Red Point drift gravel mine:
The company Is operating through a tunnel
rrlv 100 feet short of three mlle« In' length.
The compressed air plant recently installed has
proven a complete success. The compressor
Sun Ms located In the canyon nearly a mile
below the mouth <t the tunnel. The flow of
wWter from the tunnel (ST. cubic feet per min
ute) Js delivered to a five-foot I'elton wheel at
Vbe mvh Inerv house under 720 feet pressure,
whirnrtni the three-stage compressor: The
nir Is conveyed to the charging stations in the
?innri THe locomotive, which weighs 11.500
rands' hauls an average of fourteen cars per
[rin making an average of 120 cars per^day.
The' n™ Plant was put In for traction pur-
Vl th animal traction eight horse*
Ce required to haul the gravel trains. <
The Calaveras Prospect says:
The pTepa^tto'ns^for'newin!
{arged wo'ks They have P two bleaching tanks
!r£tVd Th* 'Mountain King mine, the property
«J Womble-Bros.. next to the Royal, is down
™ Y^t The Golden Eagle mine of Brown
tv.roson now has a tunnel In 90 feet. The
Lio«t T^K mine Is being crosscut on the vein
FuEene Braden, assayer in charge of tlft
I'nltfd States a^say office at Helena. Mont, has
ii«t completed his annual report on. the-min
eral Production of his State for the year 1899.
which "how" an Increase over the year previous
of *17 ffio 0O0. The output of the precious and
?L«X metals is given In detail .by Braden as
'rnUowT' ¦Gold $4,610,156 95: silver, f21.786.S34 62;
[olrer * WOU.905 74 ; lead 1909 410 33. With the
execution of gold a marked Increase Is noted
in the production of all the metals, the increase
in the copper output beinj? especially marked.
The Increase in the number of mills using the
cvan'de Process of reduction promises to ln
creaVe the production of gold in Montana during
the present year;.. - _ . • -.¦
Samuel Thompson of Los Angeles has
bonded ttie silver property in^Quartu Val
ley lor $8000. paying about $1000 cash, and
will start work soon. '
Grayson of Oakland has bonded many
claims on Salmon River and it Is under
stood will soon have a iarge force, of men
at work developing. ... ...
London parties, it is said. have, through
their agent, wno is here, bonded the farms
and mines of W. P.-Bennett at the forks
of the Salmon. The ponsideration.of the
bond Is $200,000. -The—London people are
now on their way hero.' f W..C. Stanley Is 1
their representative. ; ' '
The I.os Angeles Times, for which Pro
rw?n U a }\ S wro »5. e * Polishes the classi
fication made by him and warnlngly says:
wHh h r!fi i tl lf. St ? te of CaIlf °rnla Is dotted over
witn on Indications from San Diego to Sisklyou
whiUv^K and . unre asonable to suppose that
wher^er there is a trace of oil sand or brea
E.V ™,, may be , de VT l< l ped on a commercial
fnf-i th» ? Vw" ° nly be known thr °"*b. boring
ialeJ u }° a * rreat * ?r or 1«» depth, which
ta<es time and money. Such work Is entlr^iv
CKltlmate :when the money subscribed ?"^>m
Into the ground and not Into the pockets of ?he
™o*t n |?^t°UJ? e ?> m Z* n y- bu ' in^to e £s°houW
n^r^f 1^ , or should companies hold out the
venture, ?n ne~ e •"!? ****** proflts such
¦ventures In new and untried fluids It is often
¦¦¦
*e>. three-quarters of a mile away, was put
logical evident*' In sight to warrant the as
sumption that an oll-yleldlng stratum which Is
£?™. n * tO m T, rodu <L tive »n adjacent territory
forms an oil line through the land they are
about to prospect.
The time is beginning to arrive when It 13
possible to rate the wells of the Kern River
fields. Heretofore th» capacity of well haa
been largely guesswork, the estimates having
been affected by th? owner's enthusiasm or
his conservatism. Through the courtesy of D.
W. Carmlchael. secretary of the Sacramento
Company, whose land Is In 23. 28. 23. the heart
of the district, the Californlan Is able to give
the record of well No. 1 for the month of
May. These figures were taken from the books:
Number of barrels sold. 1HS: consumed as fuel.
150: remaining la tanks. 120: total. 1416. Tho
well was Idle five days because of a short
ness of water, making twenty-six days of
actual pumping. The average dally output
was. therefore. 54.50. In this connection it
should be stated that this well haa never been
sand pumped or cleaned out, and that the
pump Is only within 220 feet of the bottom of
the hole. As soon as the press of other work ia
overcome, the well will be put' In good condi
tion and the hope 1st entertained that the pro
duction will go 100 at least.
Into operation yesterday - ami proved to be a
success. The flow of oil was free and ona
thousand barrels went through the pipe.
Kansas has 807 newspapers. Of these
fifty-one are dallies. 619 weekles. three
semi-weeklies, one bi-monthly, ten quar
terlies and eight "occasional."
The producers of oil In California have
an opportunity to present the merits of
their lands to the world through the
agency of an International petroleum
congress, to be held In Paris from the
ICth to the 2Sth of August. This will
be thf< first International representative
gathering of people connected with the
production of petroleum from all parts of
International" Congress of
Petroleum Producers
Soon to Gather.
CALIFORNIA OIL
MEN INVITED TO
MEET AT PARIS
FlrFt— The "orthodox", proposition, in" which
case the prospectors have in view a definite oil
yielding stratum which has Droved remunerative
in adjacent * territory ami : tmm'whlch stratam
they expect to obtain thelr.oll,' there being suf
ficient geological evidence -in Bight to warrant
the assumption that the "oil stratum they have
In view form*, an oil. line through. the territory
they are about to r>rosoeet.>'--i •-.-.,- -
Second — The wildcat proposition." in which case
the prospectors have no definite oil stratum in
view which ¦ has prayed remunerative in adja
cent territory, or they have not sufficient geo-
•Profess* Watts of the State Mining
Bureau, In a recent article upon the busi
ness risks that are. run by the oil pros
pector, -¦ made some statements . which
might be profitably- read by the novice.
Professor Watts describes all oil prospect
ing. enterprises Into two classes, as fol
lows: ,
A new organization known as the Cali
fornia Crude Oil Company has secured 7S0
acres in the Santa Paula district nnd also
some property in the city of Los An
geles. '
During the past week much has been
heard or oil in San Francisco. It has been
discovered at various points along the
California coast, which is a matter of
common knowledge. Probably this fact
led certain persons to think that it was
not unlikely that oil sands underlay San
Francisco. Many of the pieces of prop
erty near the beach which were offered
for sale have been withdrawn. The mys
terious whisper is buzzed about that seep
ages of oil have been discovered south of
Golden Gate Park and well out toward the
ocean beach. Lands have been bonded
for sale at prices higher than those at
which the tracts have previously been
held. There does not appear to be much
excitement in this direction yet, whatever
there might be should actual tests deter
mine that there is oil below the beach
lands In quantities sufficient and of qual
ity high enough to pay for mining.
The probability. is that if there Is petro
leum wealth under the clty.it is not con- 1
fined to any particular place. Such is the
teaching: of experience in all oil fields so
far explored in California. The very con
siderable extent of the oil belt in Los
Angeles has already been pointed out. Tn
the Kern River field the territory in which
oil has recently been . produced is milt-s
1 1 1 1 1 L ii|i"Mllr \MPWltf"*W' II J» i li 1111 *^'*^ liTJ mfj
Reports have been made that a pros
pecting well will be sunk soon near the
west end of the park. The result will be
watched with Interest.
the world. Paul Dvorkovitz, editor of the
Petroleum Review of London, is promot
ing the congress as much as possible, and
in a letter expresses the hope that Cali
fornia will be represented, and that no
tice shall be sent as early as possible con
cerning the appointment of a delegate or
delegates. Possibly this will be consid
ered by the newly organized California
Petroleum Miners' Association, one of the
leading purposes of which is to make
known abroad ..the petroleum wealth of
the State. There are many Callfornians
who will be in Paris in August, and a
delegate may be easily secured.
At the first executive meeting of the
directors of the California Petroleum
Miners' Association one of the matters
discussed was the organization of the
petroleum miners of San Francisco.
There are several hundred companies in
the bay counties, with oil lands In vari
ous localities. It was agreed that .San
Francisco should have its own county
organization and to send delegates to the
State convention. The directors were of
the opinion that dealers in all supplies
for the oil industry would rind it to their
interest to belong to the State associa
tion. The Dally Oil News, published in
Los Angeles, has this fling at the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association:
Just what degree of success will be met
with by the California Petroleum Miners'
Association of course no one can yet
state. Thus far it is, in its membership,
a local affair for San Francisco, though
an effort is being made to give it a State
representation. It would seem that Los
Angeles is the natural home of such an
organization if there is any need for its
existence', as most of the oil men look on
this city as their home. If there is any
disposition in Los Angeles among oil men
to enter the organization the fact is not
yet in evidence."
A new oil field has been discovered in
the Palomas district, Castiac Canyon, near
Newhall. Certain experts have been ex
ploring and have reported favorably con
cerning that locality. The formation con
sists of sandstone, brown shale, blue shale
and sand strata, large deposits of gypsum
being interspersed In the shale. The new
section- lies north of the Pico wells. The
Palomas Mining and Oil, Development
Company has acquired territory there.
The Hercules Oil Company has leased
forty acres in the Kern River district, ad
joining the holdings of the Reed Oil Com
pany. Work will begin there soon.
California copper mines seem certain to
derive benefit from the fire in the Calumet
and Hecla. with the consequent stopping
of work. Of course it is too soon to meas
ure the {fleets of that' lire, but If this
mine fails for months to turn out its great
volume of ore the market must feel the
shortage. The Mines and Metallurgical
Journal, after a careful review, says:
It is true that the great coppr mines are
making enormous profits, from 200 to 300 per
cent in many oases, and it is likewise true that
this cxtraordlnary return upon the capital In
vpsted is Ftlir>ulat!nj; production throughout
the v.cr!d and bringing into the market numer
ous oompetin* prrxlurfrs. But the offsetting
Roseate Prospect for the
Home Copper Miners
in Near View.
PICK AND POWER
DRILLS MAKING
CHEERY CHORUS
fact remains that consumption is growing even
ff'T and that so far as can *>* foreseen now
ail the copper likely to be mined for many
months to come will be unequal to the world
wide demand for ft.
This was written before the Calumet
and Hecla fire.
The copper production of Shasta County
|ast yean at prices then ruling, amounted
A committee has been over the proposed
route for a short line stage and wagon
road from Redding. Shasta County, to
Copper City. The Redding Free Press re
ports that a feasible direct route was
found from the Sacramento to the Pit
River, in a northeasterly course, starting
near the mouth CT Sulphur Creek and
reaching Pit River at the terminus of the
Black Diamond road recently built. "For
four-fifths of the route from the Sacra
mento River," says the Free Press, "to
*., , m o ut h of Bear Mountain Pass the
Almighty has made a grade as level as
the best roads in the county, and all that
man need do is to out his way throughithe
brush, throw up the soil to the middle of
the road to turn the rain ¦water."
Some account of the exorbitant rail
chargf-s on shipments of ore in Inyo
County, to which allusion has been made
in these columns, is given in recent cor
respondence of the Los Angeles Mining
Review as follows:
On a valuation of $23 pfr ton. freight charges
J6 per ton; more than $2.i and less than $50 per
ton. $S per ton; more than t~>0 and less than
Jino t,er ton. *H> por ton. It Is Ftated that the
< arson and Colwrado Katlroad, although having
the name of charginc "all the traffic will
bear, had precisely the same scale of charges
but deemed it advisable to close Its eyes to
the valuation part of it. and were in most
cases content to ship all ore at the $6 rate
t» Sar. Francisco. When Mr. Huntingdon ac
quired Utle to the Carson and Colorado road
the aeent* received instructions to insist on
the valuation portion of the contract, and the
value was to be determined by the emelter
returns, less the amount of working charges.
In the event that the value of the ore had not
l>«>n previously <>tfrmined a valuation of $100
per ton was to be tacked on to It. the railroad
kindly consenting to reimhurse the shipper if
the ore should not work that amount.
The Banker. Merchant and Manufac
turer, published in Chicago, has this re
markable statement: "The fruit products
of thr- State (California) are valued at
$7,000,000 a year, while the gold production
is a million dollars less." That publica
tion should straighten out its facts. The
gold production of California amounted
lapt year to $lo,."?36,031 and the total min
eral production of the State was J23 313 -
46(1.
The three dredgers for use at the Pot
holes on the Colorado River, in Arizona,
will be floated on scows 30x110 feet in
size. A mining publication says:
Earth will be taken from the river bed by
mear.s of a continuous chain of buckets that
will work at the extreme depth of thirty-six
fe*-t below the surface of the water. Kach
bucket, with a weight of over 1000 pounds, has
i capacity of four cubic feet, giving each
'iredyr a capacity of- 4000 cubic yards a day.
The engines are to be eighty horsepower. The
travel carried up will lie dumped Into a re
volving cylindrical grizzly, four feet in diame
ter and fifteen feet long, which will sort the
material into various rizes. The finer gravel,
containing gold, will be run off into sluice
boxes. Each dredsro will require the services of
fifteen men and will consunv 210 cords of wood
per month. Each dredge will cost 150.000.
• W. H. Storms, assistant State Exami
ner of Mines, in an article in the Mining
Prefs makes the following generally in
teresting statement: •
An Impression has prevailed that the mines
of the central gold belt,, or mother lode, pos
sessed such pronounced characteristics as to
pive them a certain similarity. Such, however,
is not the case. It is quite true that in cer
tain contiguous localities the mines do bear
a certain resemblance to each other, but in
the various counties they are as unlike as
could be Imagined. Some of thoso of Marlposa
and Tuolumne bear a certain resemblance to
each oth^r. and these to some extent are not
unlike those near, Placerville, in El Dorado
County. The mines of Amador, however, lor
the mart part differ very materially from those
ahov» referred to. while most of the mines of
Calavoras an? unlike either. It would only be
T<osrlble to ret a definite Idea of these mines
and their chancing characteristics by an In
timate description of the mines themselves.
The Mining Press says:
The old town of Cherokee will, ere long
assume an aspect of activity. The Spring Vai
ley hydraulic mine, which was closed down
through Injunction proceedings several years
ago. will, through permit from ¦ the Debris
Commission, resume operations. Ground has
been broken for a restraining dam In Dry
Creek, -everal miles below the diggings. There
U here an ideal dam site. By means of a bar
rier 16 feet high and 1720 feet long the tail-
Ingg from the mine can be ' spread over an
Immense area, of the company's own land. The
dam will be constructed of brush and tailings
now on the ground. It will be 80 to 100 feet
wide at the baee, narrowing to 16 feet on top
A spillway 80 feet wide will be cut through a
solid lava bank at the side of the dam. The
Denclson Contracting Company of San Fran
cisco will construct the dam for the new
Spring Valley Company, which Is composed of
Httfburg, Pa., business mon. the leading
stockholder being A. \V. Mellon of the bank
ing firm of Mellon & Son*. The company owns
an excellent water system, purchased with tho
mine, the water belnsr diverted Irom streams
at elevations of MOO 6nd 3400 feet above »ea
level. There will he a fall at the hydraulic
monitors of 250 feet. That portion of the olrl
dlfrrinca known as the Sugar Loaf will be
hydraullcked. The gravel stratum under Table
Mountain will be worked by the drift process
The restalnlng dam should be completed, ac
cording to contract, the fore part of Augunt.
The Jackson, Lakeview and May Lundy
mines in Mono County have, according to
the Bridgeport Chronicle-Union, passed
into the hands of a Colorado Company.
The old superintendent. R. T. Pierce, has
been retained. The contract has been let
for poles for an electric line, the new com
pany intending to work the mines by elec
tric power. The cyanide plant has begun
work.
F Hutchlns and-Wl A. Newctim are de
veloping a copper proposition at Ranlett.
Scene From "The Girl From Chili,"
FRAKK BACON and Gus Tate open in the latest Xew York farce comedy
success, "The Girl From Chill," Sunday afternoon at the Grand Opera
house. Mr. Bacon, who plays the character of Homer Doomsby has to
escape the persecutions of Juanlta. the girl from Chili; he disguises him
self as Willie Bczoozoo. King of the Pata^onians, in which attire he encounters
Fredericksburg. the family butler, who is terrified at the apparition.
"The Girl From Chili" is one of the most successful farce comedies of the
year. It is rich in humorous complications and bristling with bright and witty
dialopnje. To quote the language of a well-known Eastern critic "there is not a
pintle bald rpot in it." It furnishes two hours and a haif of genuine and healthy
mirth, ajid will be the means of introducing in the name part Edna Ell«;mere a
pretty San Francisco girl, who during her absence in the East has greatly dis
tinguished Tiersclf. ¦ .
"THE GIRL FROM CHILI"
AT THE GRAND OPERA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 10, 1900.*
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4-Room Furniture
•FOR $98.
EEDItOOM- Bed room »et. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 rood Wire Eprlne. 1 cood Top Mattreiu, j
Pair 1'Mow*.
PARLOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
etered Set.
riINLNG-KOOB-1 Hardtrocd Extension Table.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove. I
No extra charre on credit.
— MAKE YOUR OWN' TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
|*aaeo«c0S00eoee«a«*««*aaee«*iei»e«««*«eo«««
I Summer Clearance Sale!
i GOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
j 1230-1232-1234 Market Street,
j Will Commence To- Morrow,
J Monday, at 9 O'Clock, an
| Ladies* Tailor-Made Suits, Jackets, Capes and
[ Dress Skirts—all at ONE-THIRD OFF.
\ Way Below Competition!
jlgpipl 1«S Sj^SUrtWahh.
! SfeWlicHBV'ioJ wer e , < OandJ 5 0.at...«-'5
I SUITS, lined throughout: T4\ Knt^v nrvrTq 73<* an(1 Ke SHIRT
X-IdTk^a't',*"^:* 4 - 115 - ""^ S?SSh«rr"w WAISTS: to close at.35c
> OKAY HOMESWN cut ...r *l.y3 „«, and J125 SHIRT
> ETON^ SUrre K WAISTS; to close at.SOc
i throughout; were J* 50 TA^ CO\T:RT CLOTH
I at.... WO5 JACKETS, velvet collar.
' LADIKS' GOLFING latest style **-M>3 flrP^^^kirf?
I CLOTH SUITS: In m* * UICOO CMlldi
f and Boblln: were J15 00. i GOL , F ,. CAPES, medium BLtAC K SEKGE SKIRTS.
> at. ; f<U)3 \ weight; were J2 50. at.. !tnM throughout . were
) LADIES* TAILOR-MADE * »2 CO. at «3o
J l^dTljre'nT^.hndt,'*^* GOLF CAPES; »S quality ALL-WOOL CHECKED
* J22 50 "VZ* r^ »t ' r 5 •* »-».J>S ANI> PLAID SKIRTS:
) _ '7,. 50 and "?• at * 1 « . were $5. JS and $7 50: all
I LA /? IES TAILOR-MADE LADIES* NEWEST to close at !?-.!»•"•
» SUITS; fine black cheviot STV'LE JACKETS. ¦ hUh r, x> -o r\\r
) and Venetian: In many collar rich appllqued. BLACK. CREPON
! 8 .:*!:?..^.. 00 ,^ r^. e .^. w^. w »^. 1^
! All goods offered are of this season's production.
> No exchange durln? this sale. Country orders filled as long as
\ we have the goods. '„ '
» SALESLADIES WANTED— APPLY BEFORE 9 a. m. MONDAY.
VATncrc « 4 handkerchiefs > 12
I IS £&** where quality and value rule supreme --^
E season, we have there's some splendid things ia black and fancy taffetas; some special values in plaid dress goods. hennetUa f^^H^ Pj" ice , are f, 0 ™;*^
-^^^b* J , USt C-^'Tm and wash fabrics; a great salc^of belt buckles; seme thousand pairs 2-clasp lambskin gloves, reduced from Si.oo to 7^ F^^J/ o^ikl, Monday —
JSS&T no°rfer a whole lolls one of those noted ribbon offerings; the housekeeper's opportunity in linens and bedding, and a most interesting event- mortal ¥mil =5
Zl J§!iiKiP« will be our pa- in stamped linen, then there's ihe special artist producing beautiful and original designs in burnt leather work, it s &5$ffiM*& KhiJff with
5= gm&m^ ln°ure P ™ock of worth while visiting the six o'clock store this week. " flnSwlS centers! 3
£ « fC# h s: - nmillinery elegance, .; , W& HlHra S
£ Commencing mon- asid3 , rom thc st , e and taste thcrc . s i ntr! nsic value that's most pleasing. KSlSS^S Sf sJ'Klt » at C 50 ° d S
»¦ *iH3gja day — ' . c &/¦ m6rcnanui->e m -j<-. kul «v •• — «*
/t^^F^*^ 17 h 6 fdon r t iS ovU- ladies> trimmed hats, very dressy stylish effects in all the latest colorings and materials; $10.00 hats for $t>.oo; loc eacn -—
C^ySfcn^ I look this belnK 27 ?9-°o hats for $5.00; $7.50 hats for Uoo: $5.00 hats for ?2. 50. . - mmin[T5 . leather £OOdS =2
> % -J-9Zr* and not 18 inch 20 ladies' trimmed shade hats-bilk, chiffon, mousseline. flowers and foliage-forming soft effective trimmings, l ®«iner «™JJJJ 5
£j f oods) double width blaek |ilktux d - just the thing for outing wear. .......' , -r^^ 200 hi!J? fn ?«5lJ "fine Sortment and =S
with chenille spots "-orth^'and 35c ¦ ¦ 3O dozen ready to vvear'hats— university, delphia and dayton;. rough straws, white silk trimming and quill; were ftt prlces we be n e ve to be the lowest Z2
fc= % yard. at. per yard • 9 £ $1.25, now 89c; were 75c, now • • ' V 3OC Possible consistent with quality. -^
2Z' 2000 or more yards of black and - sailor hats, in all the correct shapes and braids; foulard or ribbon bands 20c, 29c. 3°c, 50c, 75c, ?i-oo baes ,„,,>,„ =55
SSSii. £d € 2Sf d^ 9h^rth n 35e P a|d english straw wide brim hats, suitable for small boys; colors white, blue, brown 49c
gr 50c. at. per yard 2oc sombrero hats, splendid value j° Inch J2 25. 14 Inch $2 65. 16 inch JS 30.
JCI m^4>:mmc> several^ dozen fancy straw shapes, broken lines. forrr,<rly marked 25c to Si.oo; now 5c, ioc, 19c and 35c genuine alligator club bap. leather ;—
nOtlOnS . ; . primroses, daisies and cornflowers, per bunch • 9c " n c e k 1 * t Ie a a n ther n ,X? r mt'S^B TncS 3
fc ,iJ^di^L.*1K4 B -KSv et perfcS t roses.-per bunch..,.,: i ;f to 3 9c 4 fi? h g^VinrtTii * =5
SIZ goods. 'worth regular 15c. sale price, autumn foliage, lilacs, marguerites, poppies and violets, per bunch I2J6C to I3C , Dewey bag— made full -^
ilSlSKrSfl sale of ladies' stylish suits. ggggtogjf^*:|
SZ ton catch, in pink, red >and blue. . . . <g genuine monkey skfn'club baff. all
ea Newport" corset "clasps.' "good. "firm • a sale that' will long be remembered by ihe correct dressers and clever shoppers of San Francisco. leather lined, frame leather covered. H2 •
steels, in black, gray ' and White, 175 modish man- Fee beautiful window display. in silk, others in £t£?KSnt n citcW I2 inch*!* is! M 2
E tailored ladies' suits, % MSL\ -^ » P ercaline ' ma " y f '"SnSS 'i^l^&r cabinet ba^. 2
%^o^l|^c^o?- madc from fine % e- *^J " JP? v '• "' tt» h l6 ta^C »"« iSSTras. 3
5^ the perfection hooks and .eyes in serges. cheviots, ' V^T^ fuMt trimmed, while still raade of rubber cloth, corners
*— white, one doz. on card, per card...lC , p/ / i^ r \£^ir /y *i#f * t \. \ leather hnvnA and riveted olive or -3
fc lace curtains broadcloths, cov- ,- | //£&& • /JHL- xB^\ r<&h^ others " are h L»wS^ a te*SVS sV liVhe" 3
: f 7 n iI;n!<M ,.,., v. erts and mixtures, in iV/--2^W |8^ hlaT, T \ f%T^C\ somely ornamented J2.75: 26 Inches J3.0O =^I
w— > bought in December, 1899. Just be- • WitLZ£\>%I \WwWm li\\ Vil #\- -^ \ • t *,f sheepskin covered dress suit cases. ;— »
•r: fore advance in price, and but re- all the latest shades VFb&Kt'lh III ft/ Uo A ' ,^V\ All /^\ Wlt " straps of tat- riveted and extra leather tipped =5S
SZ :ently received from the mill. f t ., , .-* /-jJ'/j >t IWwB >Wl KY J \ \\tkL/'/-X. « frta «llc comorisine on corners.. 22 inches. J4.3O; 24
g^ commencing monday at S o'clock °» l an, Diue, red, fo / /Hif / /f^\ l^m MM. W i* l&J/rt' p I /O?C^*^-? ICta Silk, comprising _ hes $3 5-)
fc: S?ifit2 w ic 8 ?Mn/ifnm 3101 S!?rt»?S5 U a 7n Hght and dark gray: St' *{ f TC ) vOT^.M \ 5&^I 'tfi-W* / *\t X suits worth up to canvas "telescopes'.* "extra 'leather =—
white Nottingham curtains in - - . § />«V>/ I Hj«/ *A.'i '*l "^t r-J Jr Sr^^iJ $& \t- WJ^ h i.j in , nn ,.j, hand «*»w»d »¦«
ZZ 'ength... widths, styles and prices .to fly-font. tight-fit- t'/^T// / tM/ M I UA^° I $ 25 °°- - t™ helvv straps IS "inches? !l.V»
III^ISiMiSi ! in c ndeton - style ' &| OS-- 0 ! I^BrnkwJ segar r ntswe kH^^^I^
'igrjaJr ryardVMonVby"ib"i n chX J^kets.; a majority . GT// I f f |||B / I = 'A <g$Jj \\Vh4 divide into four sep- pocketbooks
gr- wide, per pair.. ...................... .75c of the jackets lined // \ \ \ \^ff W/ii/lMM / ! f'*\\\p8rf-' \ \\\ V arate Iots and P lace alligator coin purses, double com- -^g
ZZ 108 pair 3 yards long by 40 inches .. - /I / \ Y MaIIlII I IXVVl f V\ nn «1e mondav partment. leather lined 25c* 12
S^ wide, per pair Sdc " lin tancta silk, / 1 \r \ ¦ lilvl! 'J^\^\ I 1 i'N \V I i\\ ' monaaj genuine seal coin purse, nickel
S w wl P per P alr yard3 1OnS b> ' 46 In $1 w some wlth satin. / f^\' Xffi fU WJ'Sk / i , I V \V\ 1 /• \\ ->. morning . at $5-00.' frame, inside pocket fcr gold, leather 12
ZZ ' 611 "pair 3% ynrdsjong : 'by - 50 to 58 and oth'ers with silk ( / \^ \^m'Ww!ffikf/''r't ' \ aVV & /S ¦? Vi^ $7-5O. $10.00 and "?adieV coin "purse witirTnslde pock-
E^^^^^ite-cufia^s!^ serge; skirts are ; \ ?^>t/ ; .1'>^ et for & o,d. leather or chamois •
EeSw£d^w bj ;Sti"S5S B JSJS5iS^S made box-pleated ¦! fS|WS^-A--J^-- >^ It's the suit " op- iadlM-'"«nahe*":auiiator*"co!n
£ long P by r 30 inVVs U wid n^mTde¥rom plait, some are lined * year. °&Jn?*to™£™£ n I™*** *°°& 3°
SI row 00 io 8t mea^ u t re fea yiur the kitchen a or mail orders from in or out of San Francisco receive ac:ur»ate attention. genuine alligator combination pock- 33
»= basement windows and see if not to ¦ ' _ _ , . . , • . • _ . ?t book and card case, sterling cor- _-.
u pp a r d pair taffetouseafewoft 37^c sale of ladies' underwear at half price. =s
£ piSinSsa ll Sift iSK J^L ]^' ' m fT d s 'J^ "^i^f T^ sh^ qu:[][ty °J M^ zn<i - «™ c ."^? a . 3 ;:.'^ g ...^."...£5j
«»— rst pricos. yMisfiSm^z^^ somely finished at neck and iront, colors black and ecru, sizes 3 and 4 only — V S/7 ' cenulnp seal combination po^kpr —*»
! rr,lA f7nm a \wHi^W high neck, short sleeves, formerly 75c, now 35c each ft 2V et book and card case; chamois ;—
£ e^^m l^ a mv^uX de hands?me a - \|^»Y ladies' imported swiss ribbedjisle thread, tights, extra fine quality, ankle M JkfJf\ »ned. kid finish inside J2.25 -*
ZZ lw,!r c b o^n er o e n d e : s. a a ! l'J S^PlS? Z^ - iwl|| Ie " gth ' C^° rS bhCk a " d S1ZCS 3>: 4 "^ '" $l '°° ** r WlMk \ ' lfl baSCmCIlt ' '
E: 50c each w'illililiU 111 ;/ j*" 'i'j'"<'- •Vtl'j ts***I j : "i\ ••¦¦/jc pair ¦ V.V.M/7/#\ \ milk cans. 2 qt.. Hrst quality enameled rS
*Z "men's lightweight wool mixed un- \#fflif 40 dozen ladies jersey-nbbed wool vests and pants, in blue only, medium Viliiife/) I are 25c 12
1£Z derwear: a good quality for summer \li!j A\w(\ weight, handsomely finished, satin fronts," pearl buttons, pants to match, with 7 ; «i!'tR\/ / preserving kettle. 10 qt.. first quality mmmm
*= coior^ natUral gmy ° r Cam 50c ea a ch M ll\ french sateen yoke band * button- at side, sizes 4, 5, 6; regular value $1.00 per At l«j / ?SSh^iT5» *fci**iSi^"^S^S 3
ZZ "."" "i ""*"" /// l\\\\\W\\ garment; now 68c per garment II \\\ \\\ 1 ,\\\\ \J / ware 33c — •
SC: Underwear TOr /////'¦' HI 'li'lA 50 dozen girls' jersey-ribbed cotton union suits.; medium weight, buttoned M ll ''iiWv- P^ y S«?%ekV° P wirT hofd% n "fo^
fc hove fkV\t\ <yirlc down the front, drop seat, colors cream and ecru; sizes 3 to 8 years; splendid _i-==i->ivrl pi 81 *"* s - 19c US
DOyS dnU • y * v refrigerator, soll-l oak. zinc lined. In-
g~- 60 dozen boy* 1 fleece-lined shirts and ¦ at per SUU. y H terllned with mineral wool. 24 Inches
! drawer?, medium welcht. elastic, nicely 1 jr t V?' '*imJ7 long. 17 Inches wide. S) Inches hlsrh. — -¦»
y . we move to grand new store abcut Store. /Mas/ /J&?( — ""l-^-"" 1 '^""' ~~*"^ *ton. wlth^plllow, Jprcader^and °va!a=ce. 0% Mx
SI /..nf fir / M ca nf nrpspnt nrpmi*** ' /MBw/ ,-*. full size reed body baby carriage, beau- "^Sm
« ,,, l or present premises £~ZZU ,_--<r*^ €&WB>jfofb tifully "rhoistered m velvet. ruhh»r- -^
Hale's.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Rugs for utility and for adornment.
You can't have too many for either
purpose. Axminster Rugs in every:
variety of . pattern I and color, from j
one to a yard & a half long, fringed
ends, 75 cents. Brussels, 50 cents;
Free-Delivery, Oakland, Alameia, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
j • ' (Incorporated)
233 to 237 Post St. ' Open Evenings
The Handy Couch. It is a
well-made, full -spring- mat-
tress on legs & castors. Makes
a good bad anytime & is so
handy when an extra one is
needed. \A couch cover and a
cushion makes a comfortable
couch of it $3.00.
Couches for home.br office, that
invite repose and gratify the tastes
of the artistic. Leather, veIour-&
silk covered golden oak and mahog-
any in rich carvings, $14 to $40.
Shaving Stands, or Gentlemen's
Cheffoniers— Golden Oak, Muhog-
any; elegant designs; handy, com-
modious drawers, French plate mirr
rors. Gladden th* heart and lighten
the burden of the man who must
shave. $10 to $7.50; $12.50 to $10
up to $32.50 at same reductions.
| Drapery Department — Novelties
in a new line of Sofa Cushions.
All the luxury and beauty. possible
in • cushion creations. Figured ve-
lour, Persian and flowered effects,
big, plump and soft, from $1.70 up.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories Htgb
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
||i On EACH SHOE. g
I The Best Shoe I
I for Women. I
R Your Custom Shoemaker ' never g
ft could give you the comfort and tut- R
§ is faction that "SOROS fy Shoes ore g
u giving the endless thousands of San bf
| Francisco women. The reason? B
H Well, investigate. \%
& .-: FORTY STYLES ! p
8 Every Leather. Widths AM to EE, a
H sixes 2 to 9. ' Price', the world over, ij
f SQ.50 J
jr W Pair. " I
t : j SOLD EXCLUSIVELY "AT • |
I 50 THIKD STREET. I
|5 BAN FRANCISCO. >-.? [&
H4 Second fchoe Eton from Xtrkct. K
: n We prepay delivery, charges to any H
j H part in the United Staiet. ¦ Catalogue I