While the Powers Prepare for Joint Action, Line
Up Battleships and Land More Marines, Tr)ere
Is No AbatemcQt in Outrages Committed by
ALARMING REPORTS CONTINUE
TO COME FROM CHINA
, Continued ' on Oeeond Pago.
'WITH BULLER'S ADVANCE TO LAINGS NEK — British Scouts Ques
tioning Suspected Natives.
LONDON.. June 9.— Definite returns
regarding the severe fighting be
tvrccn~t!:e'Chinese troops and "the
Boxers that w.asy going on Thurs
day between Tientsin and Pt-klng
had not been received at Tientsin when
the latest telegrams to reach London
were filed. The Chinese troops, however,
had killed many Boxers, according to
some reports, while another account had
the Government soldiers sorely defeated
la an engagement near Pao Ting Fu.
Apparently, the legation guards have
not yet tak^n a hand in the fighting, but
they" are ready, to do so at a moment's
notice. The Boxer movement affects
tome hundreds of square miles. •
Official dispatches to Vienna from
Peking -aver that the eect is more power
ful than any political party In China,
embracing r.o less than 4,000.000. and ma
nipulated by zealcus and adroit men.
Powers in Perfect Concert.
The representatives of the powers are
Ft'.ll acting in perfect concert, which ap
pears for the present to give the Chinese
Government ample chance to put" down
the disturbances alone.- The Tientsin cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, telegraph
ing June 7, says:
"For the last three days the whole
community of Tientsin has been prepar
ing to deftnd itself against an expected
ettark by the Boxers. There is a con
tinual influx of refugees from the sur
rounding jcountry. who are now crowding
the city. This increases the excitement.
Nearly all the villages surrounding
Tientsin are Joining the Boxer move
ment, which is taking more and more
a fanatical character.
"Parties cf foreigners when approach
ing the villajjea are driven back by armed
bands. Yesterday the Chinese troops
were ordered to ilachang, on the Grand
Canal, within twenty miles of ¦• which a
large body of Boxr-rs are reported to be
collecting. Attempts to re-establish the
regular working of the Poking-Tlentsin
railway have hitherto proved futile.
Every night the Boxers set fire to the
Eleept-rp and ihe woodwork of the bridges.
"Genernl Kieh eecrsa bent upon acting
TrJth enc;rET and dealing: out heavj' blows
to tho rebels, rzccsz^zlag the necessity
cf destroying the prestige of the Boxers,
which ha3 btrrun to demoralize hla army."
Protection cf the Sabsls.
Secret or6c73 from Peking fcr the pro
tection of tho rebels h.ivi paralyzed mili
tary aciion a«d ra-sci the Matua cf the
Boxers In th<? fjrcu cf the Jsncrant
classes. AlHiCii^tx the Boxera declare
drilled soldiers had fired upon the Box
ers who were destroying the railway near
Tientsin was favorably received, as giv
ing.some ground for hope that the Gov
ernment would change its policy. Now
arrives the intelligence that Nieh's troops
have- been ordered to return to camp.at
Lu Tai, and that their action has been
condemned. The Tsung LI Yamen, how
ever, denies the iruth of the latter state
ment. But the denials of the Tsung Li
Yamen are never convincing. If it be true,
the news must fco regarded as serious.
"The American Missionary Conference
to-day sent a dispatch to President Mc-
Kinley appealing for protection and as
serting that the, missionaries at Pao Ting
Fu and other places are in extreme dan
ger; that the Tun" Chu mission station
has been, abandoned, that the chapels
have everywhere been burned and that
hundreds of native Christians have been
massacred.
"The- serious condition of affairs' at
Peking Is reacting upjon the provinces.
The French Minister here has received a
telegram saying that the French Consul
at Mong Tazo and the- French agent at
Yun Han Fu have both been compelled
to retire from their, posts, as the Vice
roy announced that he was unable to
guarantee their safety. ',
"The Boxers burned a Russian chapel
at Tung Ting, thirty-five miles north of
Peking. Haut Ching Cheang, director of
railways, admits that the destruction of
the Peking-Tientsin Railway Is contin
uing, the Tsung LI Yamen being power
less to prevent It, and that It is useless
to expect the early restoration of com
munication."
REPORTS RECEIVED FROM
KEMPFF AND CONGER
Captain McCalla in Charge of the
Landing Force and He May Com
. maud at Peking. ; .
WASHINGTON, June 8.-The following
cablegram from Admiral Kempff. was re
; celved at the Navy Department this after
noon: ¦
"TONG KU, June 8.— On June 3 landed
forces to protect American Interests with
consent of China. Fifty-six men sent? to
Peking, rest to Tientsin. The , nations
sent forces " to : both cities. - No injury '"so
far.* British, Russian and Chinese ad
mirals and : twenty warships are here. \' ¦
"Cropa likely to fall, causing, probably
uioro . trouble in- tho near future.,", Our
landing . force tender McCu.!la. On Juno 5
the situation was mostcritlcal.. The Rus
sian force began fighting. I landed fifty
more men; have requested Helena be sent
! immediately to protect our interests or a
vessel Jlke her. Consider a battalion of
¦ marines necessary, .with gunboat as a
base inside. On June 6 the Tientsin-
Peking Railway was cut. Will act in con
cert with the naval forces of jothor pow
ers to protect interests if necessary. A
meeting of,, foreign senior 'naval officers
was held to-day.' Present English, French,
German, Austrian, Italian. Japanese and
American officers. Will arrange for com
bined action to protect life and -property
if- required. Nine; hundred men are
ashore; twenty-five warships here.
"KEMPFF.".
The following cablegram was received
at the Navy Department; this morning
from Admiral Kempff, on board the New
ark, off the Taku forts:
"TONG KU, June S.— Battle between
Chinese and Boxers near Tientsin. Large
number of Boxers expected to reach Tien
tsin to-morrow. : - ' ' KEMPFF."
Minister Conger at Peking also has been
heard from to-day. ¦ His message to the
State Department said there was no im
provement in the situation and asked for
instructions. It was not deemed proper
by the officials to indicate upon Just what
point Mr. Conger ;needs advice, but there
is an intimation that he .wishes to know
to what extent 1 he is to ; co-operate with
the '". diplomatics representatives of the
European, powers at Peking.
Secretary Hay took the message to the
Cabinet meeting.
The State Department is steadily pur
suing the line of policy laid down at the
beginning of this; Boxer. trouble of avoid
ing any Interference" with Chinese inter
nal affairs, beyond such measures as may
be absolutely necessary for the protec
tion of life and; property there." Espe
cially It Is determined : to; avoid, commit
ment to the policies of , any . of the Euro
pean' powers'* which .might;,' Involve 'the
United : States in trouble. .." Therefore, not
withstanding the : ominous news conveyed
in Admiral Kempff's. cablegram;, it seems
entirely probable that Minister " Conger
will be directed to . stick i to the > same line
of policy which he has pursued'up to this
time. "¦¦¦ '/ ';,-¦¦¦..,¦¦ •' - '£*. ':¦:' ¦ '.'"¦•
It is not :to^ be A>jv this '.that'
the United States | la\ desirous | of evading
any proper measures of responsibility.* and
the ' State Department I officials ore j careful
to . point out , that, r. while \ retaining our in
dependence, of action, our \ Government is^
really actlns concurrently with the Euro T
their first object to be annihilation of
Catholic converts, the wire-pullers evi
dently wish to propagate hatred among;
the country people against foreigners and
things foreign in general. The movement
on the surface has a patriotic character,
but it may turn ultimately against the
dynasty.- This seems to be the reason
why It has thus far been treated with a
gentle hand. The ' legations at Peking
have wired for reinforcements.
A dispatch to the Daily Mall from Yo
kohama, dated Friday, describing the ef
fect upon Japan of the refusal of the
Korean Emperor to give an audience to
the Japanese Minister regarding the tor
ture and execution of political suspects,
says:
"The feeling here is exceedingly ex
cited. It may net be possible for the
Government to keep it in check, as the
officla. were able to do at the end of
March, when Russia made her demands,
particularly on the question of Masam
pho. It is thought here that Russian
Influence is behind the affront given by
Korea to Japan. The tone of the Jap
anese press Js very bitter, and grave de
velopments are possible."
HUNDREDS OF CHRISTIANS *
HAVE BEEN MASSACRED
Missionaries Norman and Robinson
Hacked to PieceB TJnder Circum
stances of Hevolting Barbarity.
LONDON, June 9.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times in a dispatch dated
June 7 says:
"Partlculars received here show that
Messrs. Norman and Robinson, the mis
sionaries, were hacked to pieces under cir
cumstances of revolting barbarity. The
Chinese- Government cannot be exon
erated from the charge of complicity In
these murders. From the beginning their
action .will bear only one interpretation,
namely, that of approval of the anti
foreign movement which has had these
results.
"The Government has delegated as a
commissioner to Cho Kau and Pao Tins
Fu.'the chief centers of the Boxers, to
Investigate and report, a notorious antl
forclgn official, who Is known to be In
pymapthy with the Boxers.and who was
the director of a mining and' railway bu
reau that was founded to thwart all rail
way and mining development."
The Pekinff correspondent of the
Tirses. telegraphing June 8. says:
•The news that General Nieh's forelcn-
GREAT seriousness marks the situation in China. A horde of "Boxers" is ex
pected to attack Tientsin to-day, according to advices from Admiral Kempif. They
i'ought the Chinese soldiers yesterday near the city. Twenty-five foreign war
ships are now lying off Taku, and senior naval officers, lacking the Russian, have
made plans for joint action. Captain McCaHa of the Newark commands the American
landing party and may direct joint operations against the "Boxers,"
Problems of the Chinese situation occupied the Cabinet session at Washington
yesterday. Protection of American 5ives and property without aiding any other na
tion's ambition will be the policy of the United States, and Minister Conger has been
instructed on that line.
London heard a report last night that notes were passing between France, Great
Britain and the United States relative to joint' action 'to restore order in China.
Hundreds of Christians have been slain by the fanatical' "Boxers," arid two British
missionaries were hacked to pieces under circumstances of the most revolting barbarity.
GRAND MERCHANT STREET, PEKING, ANjD THE TSIEN-MEN GATEi,
THE ABOVE PICTURE. TAKEN* FROM LE MONDE ILLUSTRE, SHOWS THE, GREAT COiIMERCIAii ARTERY OP THE CHINESE PART OF PE
KING AND THE PRINCIPAL GATEWAY BY WHICH IT ENTERS THE TARTAR CITY. JUST BEYOND AND DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE /GATEWAY
IS THE ENTRANCE TO THE IMPERIAL PALACE, NOT FAR FROM WHICH- IS THE EUROPEAN QUARTER OF THE CITY. WHERE ARE SITUATED
THE FOREIGN LEGATIONS, NOW GUARDED BY THE SAILORS AND MARINES RECENTLY SENT UP FROM THE WARSHIPS NEAR TIENTSIN.
RUMORED
SURRENDER
TO ASHANTIS
L017D01J, Juna 9. — Ac
cording to a dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Ac
cra, dated June 8, a native ru
mor is in circulation here that
Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodg
son, Governor of Gold Coast
Colony, mads a sortie from
Kumassie, whers he had bsen
besieged by the Ashantis, but
was forced to retire and ulti
mately to surrender.
Mail advices from Accra,
dated May 17, say: "Fifty
thousand Ashantis are in
arms and the insurrection is
spreading. It is impossible for
white men to go into the in
terior successfully during the.
rainy season."
crowded and refused a furlough. This
seems a curious return to make for their
conspicuous services voluntarily rendered.
I have it on jnclipputablo authority that
it is the practice of the War Office to ad
minister the British volunteer and. for
all I know, the regular army, by means of
regulations drafted end issued in great
part on no better authority than that of
its promoted second-class clerks, a body
of gentlemen, no doubt, of irreproachable
character, but by no means adapted by
their intelligence or education to be en
trusted with so great a responsibility.
Such a delegation of authority, which is
unconstitutional as well as' unbusinesslike,
is in itself enough to show that the whole
War "Office from top to bottom must be re
formed if ..not ¦; reconstituted after the
war.'- .¦-••,;"*::••• ', .JM
BULLER HAS SEfZED
VAN WYKE HILL
* LONDON. June 8.— The War Offlce has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Buller:
."YELLOW BOOM FARM. June 8.— On
June. 6 General Talbot, with the Tenth
Brigade and the South African Lignt
Horse, seized Van Wyke Hill. .The enemy
made some resistance and a good deal of
sniping occurred. ] Our . casualties were
about four killed and thirteen wounded.
"Durlng that day and the following we
got two 4.7 and two 12-pounder naval guns
on Van AVyke-Hill and two '5-inch guns
on the southeastern spur of Inkewelo.
Under cover of their fire General Hlld
yard to-day assaulted all the spurs of the
berg between 1 Botha's Pass and Inkewelo.
. "The attack, which wa"3 well planned
by Hildyard and carried out with immense
dash by his troops, for whom no moun-
OMAHA, June S. — Envoy Wessels and
his secretary. Dr. de Bruyn, arrived In
Omaha at 9:10 o'clock from Sioux City
over the Chicago. Minneapolis, St. Paul
and Omaha Railway. A lame number of
representative citizens, headed by Chair
man John Rush, received the visitors and
escorted them In carriage to the Paxton
Hotel, where a large crowd had gathered
to await their arrival.
The lobby of the Paxton was crowded
by an enthusiastic crowd when Mayor
Moores mounted the steps and welcomed
the Boers to Omaha and the State. Mr.
Wessels responded in brief.
At 1 o'clock to-morrow a reception will
be given Envoy Wessels at the City Hall
and a mass-meeting at the Creighton
Theater will follow.
illLWAUKEK, June 8. — Abraham
Fischer, the peace envoy of the Trans
vaal. arri\*ed in Milwaukee to-night from
St. Paul. He was given a royal recep
tion. Mr. Fischer will rest until to-mor
row, when he will speak to a large gather
ing at the Exposition building.
TO AID CANADIAN CONTINGENT.
LONDON, June 8. — A cafe chatant was
held at the Carlton Hotel this afternoon,
organized by Mrs. Morton, In aid of the
Canadian contingent In the war. Lady
Randolph Churchill, the Earl and Coun
tess of Chatterfleld. the Karl and Countess
of Yarborough, Miss Muriel Wilson,
Mme. Albani, Miss Edna May, Mrs.
Langtry. Mrs. Leslie Carter and a host
of prominent actresses and musicians as
sisted in various ways to make the event
a great success.
HOLLIS INTERVIEWED KRUGER.
LOURENZO UARQtTKS. June 8.—
United States Consul Hollls, who returned
here'yesterday from theTran3vaal by spe
cial train, had a two hours' interview in
close conference with President Kruger
at Machadodorp. It is stated that Mr.
Ilollis was the bearer of friendly dis
patches from the United States Govern
ment urging Kruger to treat for petace.
BOER OUTPOSTS DRIVEN BACK.
HAMMONI. Orange River Colony. June
S. — General Rundle made a strong demon
stration against the Boer positions, em
ploying 500 of General Brabant's Queens
town Mounted Rifles, two guns and tho
Cage Mounted Infantry under Colonel Dal
getty. The Boer outposts were driven
back and their laager was looted, but the
troops returned without a battle.
MAFEKING, Tuesday. May 23.— Colonel
Plumer occupied Zerest yesterday without
opposition. This district is regaining its
normal condition. Supplies are arriving
daily. * : .-
tain? were too steep, outflanked the ene
my, who were forced tr> retire from their
very strong position. 1 think we did not
have any casualties and I hope I have
obtained a position from which I can ren
der Laings Nek untenable.
BOER PEACE ENVOYS
ARE WARMLY WELCOMED
EONDON. June 9.-3:15 A. M.-General
Buller has at length taken the rf
fensive. and by maneuvering he has
secured a position west of Laings
Nek, by which he believes he can
make the Boer positions untenable. Pre
sumably, he will -immediately follow up
his. success.
I Lord Roberts has communicated noth-
I ing for three days, not permitting the
correspondents to wire what is going on.
London's inference is that he is resting,
although he is possibly disposing his
army for a reach after Commandant Gen
eral Botha. '
A blockade ol the wires owing to the
rush of official correspondence may. ac
count for the scanty press dispatches.
Some telegrams filed a week ago are only
Just arriving. Among these are spir
ited descriptions of the fighting at Elands
Fontein. -According Jo one of them, the
streets were. filled with women and child
ren.' .Rifle shots could be heard every
where. The British. soldiers would stop
firing and join in the chase after chickens.
The .burghers surrendered to any one.
Kaffirs went about looting the Jewish
stores and mounted Infantry galloped
hither and thither.
Lord ¦; Roberts'' army . has a new song.
It runs thus: •
"We're marching into Pretoria.
It belongs to Queen Victoria."
Botha L«ft During the Night.
The Daily Kxpress has the following
from Pretoria, dated Wednesday: "The
1000 prisoners who were deported from
. Waterval were told that they were about
i to be given up to Lord Roberts. They
entrained cheerfully and were conveyed
to Nooitgedache. instead of Pretoria.
. "General Louis Botha, with a rear
pu.ird of 2000. left Pretoria during the
night. ' The Rritlsh advance guard on en
tering v.-as upon the -very heels of the re
tiring, Boers. Botha has. sworn to carry
on. the war in the mountains."
"At Lourenzo Marques Station a crowd
waited all .Tuesday night to see President
Kruger.iaa it was reported that he would
arrive, by a, special train to gain an asy
lum op board 'the Netherlands cruiser
Friesland.
JFiUl of .Boer j Refugees.
• iOfiaiefourp issaldto be full of Boer ref
ugees and wounded. The railway still de
livers' goods at Brockhorst Spruit, forty
.miles east of- Pretoria, i A British column
is ¦ at "Bremersdcrp. Swaziland. Eleven
British 'prisoners have been taken to Mid
dleDurg. "The British at Beira are mov
ing into the interior in detachments of
200, daily. •-...-'
.. G. ;V." . Fiddes, Imperial Secretary to
the. High Commissioner, with a part of
Sir Alfred Mllncr's staff, left. Cape Town
Tuesday evening for Pretoria, possibly,
as the Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily News thinks, to arrange the an
nexation details. ,
Bad Treatment of Canadians.
"The invalid Canadians at Shorncliffe
camp, returned from the front, complain
that, they are badly fed, unhealthily
. Harold G. Parson's, Federation del
egatQ from "West Australia, writing to
the morning papers to protest against the
treatment given to the wounded Cana
dians, says:
Lord Roberts Has Not Communicated Anything for
Three Days, but It Is Thought He Is Preparing to
Pursue Commandant General Botha.
By Maneuvering He Has Secured a Posi
tion West of Laings Nek, and Ex
pects to Drive Out the Boers.
GENERAL BULLER HAS
TAKEN THE OFFENSIVF
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXV1I1— XO. 9.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Pope's Illness Alarming.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. MOO,' by the Herald
Publishing Company.
ROME, June 8.— The condition of the
Pope i3 such that his relatives have been
summoned. Only the doctors, domestic
prelates and Cardinal Rampolla are al
lowed In the private room.
Schedule of Liabilities.
NEW YORK. June 8.— The schedule of
the insolvent banking and brokerage firm
of Seymour. Johnson & Co. was filed to
day in the Supreme Court. The schedule
shows liabilities to be $652,730: nominal as
sets, 1798,195; actual assets, $147,266.
Riots in Hanover.
that their services are needed to fill va
cancies in several of the regiments. Their
leave has been restricted to thirty days.
BERLIN, June 8.— The car strike at
Hanover has caused numerous excesses.
The police proved unable to quell the
riots and military detachments were
called upon to clear the streets. Many ar
rests were made. A great number of per
sons were wounded by the police, prob
ably half of them severely. ,
ANNUAL SESSION OF
ARBITRATION CONFERENCE
Issues a Declaration Deploring the
War in South Africa and the
Philippines.
LAKE MOHONK, N. Y., June S.-The
Lake Mo honk arbitration conference In
annual session here issued to-night a
declaration deploring the bloody and bit
ter war in South Africa and the continued
fighting In the Philippines, but speaking
hopefully of the permanent arbitration
tribunal created as a result of the Peace
Conference at The Hague.
1 The declaration also urges general agi
tation to induce the United States Gov
ernment to negotiate treaties with
all the powers not parties to the arbitra
tion agreement, under which all difficul
ties with them as cannot be settled by
the usual diplomatic negotiations shall
be referred to the international tribunal
at The Hague.
'Among the speakers at to-day's session
of the conference was Theodore Sutro of
San Francisco. Mr. Sutro pleaded for
practical methods in furthering arbitra
tion. He favored an Improved diplomatic
course and considered capable diplomats
as effective agents for prevention of war.
He held that war was never justifiable.
"We must set our ideals high," he said,
"and go ; further than ever. The Hague
conference may do for the present hour,
but not for the future."
PREACHER SHOT DEAD.
Street Orator Is Killed While Resist
ing Ari'est.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 8.— Thomas Jef
ferson Johnson, known as "Cyclone"
Johnson, a street preacher, was shot and
instantly killed to-night at Carmel, six
teen miles north of here, after he had
killed Deputy Sheriff Carrey, who was
trying to. arrest him for assault and bat
tery. Johnson hud been attacking differ
ent persons in his street talks, and these
attacks had brought him into several
fights. There . was much feeling against
him. .s
To-night he renewed his attacks. Car
rey tried to arrest him and was shot dead
and an unknown person in the crowd shot
Johnson. He was born in Jackson County
Ky.. was converted at Covington. Ky.. five
years apo and has been preaching sine* 1
Injured by a Runaway.
PASADENA, June S.— Small boys al
lowed-Ti kite- to fall under a horse's feet
this- afternoon. The horse ran through
u.e. business section,! knocked down J
Scudder and seriousl" injured his back
He ran a little farther and knocked Mrs'
L. Crosby from her carriage to the pave
ment."-Her. skull was fractured and there
Is no hone for her recovery.
Reward fcr Bandits.
SALT LAKE. . Utah, June 8.— Governor
Wells to-day issued a , proclamation stat
ing that' the sheriffs and deputies of four
counties in Utah have made a diligent but
unsuccessful search -for"- the murderers- of
Sheriff Tyler and Sam Jenkins and offer
ing a reward of $1000 each for the arrest
of the bandits. , ' • :
CONVENTION HALL AT
PHILADELPHIA READY
PHILADELPHIA. June 8.— The hall for
the Republican National -Convention is
now ready. Fifteen thousand chairs are
in place and miles of bunting hang in
graceful festoons from pillar to pillar and
along the walls. Fifty policemen are on
duty within the inclosure guarding the
building from every possibility of fire and
nothing is being left undone to make the
coming convention the most successful
gathering of its kind.
The first pre-convention affair will take
place to-morrow night when Charles C.
Kerens, national committeeman from Mis
souri, will be tendered a reception at the
clubhouse of the Young Republicans and
presented with a massive sliver loving
cup in recognition of the fact that his
vote pave the convention to Philadelphia
Several of his colleagues on the national
committee will be present and will remain
in the city until the convention has ad
journed.
Chairman Hanna. who was to have been
a guest at the reception, telegraphed to
day he would not be able to get hero
until Monday. Secretary Dick of the na
tional committee and Chairman Manley of
the sub-committee are also expected Mon
day, when the real work of arranging for
the convention will be started.
Senator Hanna will be tendered a din
ner at the Union League Club on Satur
day evening next week by the officers and
directors. Among the invited guests are
Secretary of the Navy Long. Postmaster
General Smith, Attorney General Griggs,
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson, Senators
Depew, Spooner, Wolcott, Penrose. Lodge.
Sewell, Burrows, Foraker and Keen. v Rep
resentatives Cousins. Dolliver. Blngham,
Dalzell, Adams, Young. Grosvenor. Foss
and Hill, Committeemen Charles A. Dick,
Henry C. Payne, Cornelius N. Bliss.
Joseph H. Manley, Charles Dawes and N.
P. Scott.
Local political clubs have made exten
sive preparations for a parade on Mon
day evening, June 18, and expect to have
25,000 men in line.
DB.OWJJED IN THE NORTH.
Two Bridegrooms Mest Death in
Lake Bennstt.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 8.— A Times spe
cial from Tacoma, Wash..* says: Two
bridegrooms were drowned in Lake Ben
nett. They were Will Hilliker of Helena
and Clayton Sc'nock of Seattle. They left
Barbe In a canoe and were capsized
•An unknown party of three men and
two women wcrs drowned in Windy Arm
by the sinking of a barge overturned in
a gale.
Examinations at West Point.
WEST POINT. June S.— The examina
tions of the various classes are over and
It now remains for the academic board to
review the work and announce its find
ings. The furlough class Is busy making
preparations for a journey home next
week for a two months' visit. The grad
uating class will not be permitted to en
joy the custonviry three months' leave of
absence, as advices . have been received
GERMAN WARSHIPS
AT CHINESE PORTS
BERLIN, June 8.— A German Foreign
Office official made the following . state
ment to a representative of the Associated
Press: . • V
"The Foreign Office has had no otlicial
communication from China for two days.
Of the two wires connecting with Peking
one has been destroyed.. It is of the ut
most importance to. the, powers to "pre
serve the other. It ought not to be dim
cult for the powers to kqep open the rail
way-to Peking. The Foreign Office, does
not know of , any further plans by the
powers to land . marines. , 'We , have heard
nothing to confirm the statement thatithe
Empress Dowager sideb with the Boxers." 1 .
From other sources it was ascertained
pean Governments respecting the Boxer
trouble. Thus at Taku Admiral Kempff
is acting, in a similar manner with the
commanders of other naval vessels as
sembled, although his orders_are subject
to the approval of no one. At Tientsin,
forty miles up the river, which the ad
miral expects to be attacked to-morrow,
the foreign naval commands are acting to
gether.
It is said that In case of an emergency
involving jeopardy to the lives of for
eigners the United States forces at Tien
tsin might even be directed in th. ir gen
eral movement, by the senior naval officer
ashore, even though that officer should
happen to be a German, a Russian, a
Frenchman or an Englishman. This tem
porary subordination of authority might
be brought about, and in fact would exist
solely through a military exigency. If
Tientsin is to be attacked by a vast horde
of Boxers it is entirely conceivable, ac
cording to military practice, that a suc
cessful defense of the foreign lives and
property in the city can, be. maintained
only through the assumption of the com
mand of the foreign naval forces by one
competent officer; too many captains may
mean defeat. In view of this possibility
thft assumption of the command of the
American forces ashore by Captain Mc-
Calla may be significant.
It Is an" unusual course for a captain of
a ship himself to take command of a
landing party, as has been done by Cap
tain McCalla. His rank would correspond
with that of a colonel qf marines, and
it may be that he would himself be the
senior ofllcer at Tientsin and thus be
obliged to assume command of the defense
and direct in a general way the operations
of the European naval parties landed
there. "
The naval officers here are confident
that Tientsin proper is not in» particular
danger. The gunboat Helena will soon
have the town under her guns. and there
are believed to be three foreign warships
in position to co-operate.
URGES ENGLAND AND
RUSSIA TO ACT TOGETHER
LONDON, June 8.— The Spectator, com
menting on the Chinese difficulty, says
that it considers that if the situation be
comes acute the/ only alternative to a
European concert, which will be effective
only In theory, would be for England and
Russia to act together in a definite agree
ment. The paper adds: "They alone pos
sess physical power near enough to the
scene to be of Immediate use. England
could In this case use her Indian troops."
Continuing, the Spectator strongly op
poses any partition of China 'and. thinks
It unsafe to assume that the Chinese sol
diers cannot fight. It adds: "The court
of Peking is in action the most Imbecile
in the world, but it may find a 'Wallen
stein who will not steal. his soldiers* pow
der,' and then Europe will have a new
problem to solve.''
Continued From First Page.
ALARMING
REPORTS COME
FROM CHINA
its positions in the Far East by holding
aloof, when decisive measures are under
taken."
Advocating the joint action of England
and Russia, the Times says: "It is in
fact .to the effective and cordial co-opera
tion of England and Russia that we must
look for speedy relief from the present
anxieties. It. is evident that the other
powers interested, are quite prepared to
take part in any-common and concerted
action and although some may be less
eager, than, others the spectacle of Eng
land and Russia agreeing to act together
arid resolved to act vigorously would do
more than anything else to" bring them
all Into line."
MISSIONARIES HEARD FROM.
NEW YORK, June 8.— The anxiety
which has been felt in regard to the Pres
byterian missionaries in the Peking dis
trict was partially allayed to-day by the
receipt. of a cablegram from Dr. John W.
Henry, one of the board's oldest mission
aries in China. The board cabled on Tues
day for information, and the reply read:
"Still danger."
This is taken to indicate that no se
rious depredations have been made as yet
by the Boxers. The Presbyterian board
had fifty-eight American missionaries in
the Shantung province. The American
board has also received a cablegram stat
ing that all American missionaries are
well, but that the Government is demoral
ized and advising that help be requested
from the State Department.
Loot the Craft Within Eight Miles of
the City of Hongkong, Having
Captured the Crew.
HONGKONG, June 8.— A steam launch
owned by Chin«se. merchants here, tow
ing four Junks, laden with kerosene oil
from Hongkong for Canton, was at
tacked last night by pirates in an armed
junk eff Cape Suiman, eight miles from
Hongkong. After looting the Junks the
pirates made off in a westerly direction
with the launch and her crew.
. ?
TENSION BETWEEN
JAPAN AND KOREA
YOKOHAMA. June 8.— More serious
from a Japanese point, of view than the
rising of the Boxers in China is the sud
den tension between Japan and Korea as
the result of the protests of Japan against
the torture and execution of political
prisoners by the Korean Government. The
Korean Emperor absolutely refuses to
grant an audience to the Japanese Minis
ter, Hayashi Gonsouke. . _
« _."~
BEFORE THE CABINET.
WASHINGTON, June 8.— Almost the
only subject before the Cabinet meeting
to-day was the situation in China. Sec
retary Hay read a cablegram' from Min
ister Conger at Peking, in which he stated
that there was no improvement in the sit
uation and asked for Instructions.
Secretary Hay stated after the meeting
that a repTy would be sent to Mr. Conger
substantially reaffirming the one sent a
day or two ago, to the effect that he will
be expected to do whatever is necessary
to protect the lives of Americans and
their property, tcmalntain the dignity of
this Government. He will be instructed
to form no alliance •with. any power. It Is
understood here that the representatives
of the powers in Peking will call in a body
on the Dowager Empress and present the
necessity of her taking immediate and
vigorous action to suppress the. rioters.
It ia assumed that Mr. Conger will Join,
the other representatives.
FRANCE IS CO-OPERATING.
PARIS, June 8.— At a Cabinet council to
day, presided over by President Loubet,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, M^ del
Casse, communicated dispatches concern
ing the situation in China. The French
Minister at Peking, he said, was acting
In unison with the other diplomats, and
Admiral Courrejolifrf, who was at Taku
with his squadron, had been Instructed to
co-operate with the other admirals and
take such measures for. the protection ot
foreigners as the situation demands.
CLAIMS FOR INDEMNITY.
VIENNA,' June 8. — Indemnity claims to
a very _ large amount Miave * been filed by
the European , Ministers .at . Peking with
the TsungiLI Yamen. The Belgian Min
ister claims 25,000,000 franca. •'.
As regards the grouping of the powers
at Peking it Is 'remarked here that the
United" States goes 1 With. Great Britain
and France goes with T Russia, GeVmany
and Japan maintaining strict reserve.!'.
UNCLE SAM ON THE FENCE.
LONDON, June 9.— The ; Times, in an
editorial on the Chinese ¦situation,', says:
"The. United States Government, already
In the throes of a political election, seems
rather inclined to sit on the fence as long
as It can and appears to be more anxious
to define its ; attitude in nicely balanced
phrases ' than ' to act - with vigor 'and
promptitude. But, whatever its hesita
tion may be,, it can certaijnly have no de
slre to ljamper theTaction of other, powers
less "embarrassed by preoccupations at
home and it is not . likely to compromise
CHINESE PIRATES MAKE
ATTACK ON STEAM LAUNCH
that the German gunboat Iltls has ar
rived at Tientsin and the large protected
cruiser Hertha, bearing the commander
of the Far Asiatic squadron, Rear Ad
miral Bendemann, has arrived at Cheefoo.
It is officially announced that Admiral
Bendemann has been instructed Jointly
with the German Minister at Peking,
Baron von Ketteler, to^ effect an under
standing with the chiefs of" the squadron
of v the other powers* regarding 'the fur
ther protection of the whites. ,
NEW OFFICERS
FOR FEDERATION
OF CLUB WOMEN
Mrs Rebecca Lowe of Geor
gia Is Re-eiected to the
Presidency. \
Change Is Made in the By-Laws Rel
ative to Hepresentaticn, but the
Question cf Taxation Is
Let Stand.
MILWAUKEE. W.5.. June R.— To-day's
Fr-ssion of the club women's convention
was marked by the election of officers.
Th* ticket was made out by the nominat
ing eorr.mitter- and went through with lit
tle contest. The result was:
President — Mrs. Rebecca Lowe, Georgia.
Firpt vice president— Mrs. Charles Deni-
Fon. New York.
Second vice president— Mrs. Margaret J.
Evans. Minnesota.
Recording secretary —Mips Emma A.
Fox. Michigan.
Corresponding secretary— Mrs. George J.
Kc-nrick. Pennsylvania. '
Treasurer— Mrs. Emma Van Weehten,
Iowa.
Auditor— Mrs. George H. Noyts, Wis
consin.
ID! rectors— Mrs. Charles K. Fairbanks,
Indiana; Mrs. Edward Uuehwaltcr. Ohio;
Mrs. Annie D. West. Massachusetts; Mrs.
Mary Lock wood. District of Columbia;
Mrs. W. J. Christie. Montana; Mrs. Lil
lian Stroeter. New Hampshire; Mrs. W. J.
Coad, South Dakota, ana Mrs. 'i'. K. Prid
dy, Kansas.
Nominations were mace from the floor
fcr Miss Margaret J. Evans of Minnesota
as president and for Mrs. Horace Bro»k
of EVjuuylvjUlta as s>«*ccnd vice president.
The result was that out of the 754 votes
cast Mrs. Lowe received 563 and Miss
Evans 1*7. with a few scattering votes
for a number of others. The announce
ment of Mrs. I/mes election was re
ceived with the warmest enthusiasm, the
audience rising to its feet and wifving
handkerchiefs. Mrs. Lowe was obliged to
make a speech, which brought forth much
applause.
The long business meeting, which occu
pied both the morninjr and afternoon,
was devoted to Important changes in the
by-laws growing out of the % question of
•reorganization. As to the side issme of
representation the by-laws now stand:
"That for all clubs numbering less than
fifty, representation shall be through the
pre«ident or her representative only.
Clubs numbering not le?s than fifty -and
not more than 100. the representation
Fhall be through the president and one
delegate; for large clubs one delegate
shall be allowed for every 100 members."
The other vexed tjucsticn of taxation
mas not changed, nor vat any effort
made to have a triennial convention In
stead of a. biennial. The office of State
chairman of correspondence was done
av.ay with and president* of Individual
clubs are no longer vice presidents of the
general federation. Another change was
to the effect that the council could be
called at the request of the board of di
rectors or of twenty-five members of the
council, representing as many Slates. A
number of resolution? wore passed, one
cf them urging the protecting of women
and chilcj'-en in the industrial world, and
another recommending greater care as to
sanitary conditions.
By unanimous vote the Club Women of
Boston was made not only the official
organ of the club, but of the federation.
iiefore the session adjourned greeting*
mrtrm cabled to Jennie June, who Is known
rs the "Mother of Women's Clubs."
During the day there were four inter
esting sessions devoted to various phases
of club work, which were followed by a
big meeting at the Alhambra to-night,
over which airs. Lowe presided. The two
speakers were Mrs. Robert J. Burdette of
California, whose subject was "The Show
Window," and Madame Soja Loonn
Friedland of Russia, who ppoke on "Im
pressions of a -Russian Woman on Amer
ican Women's Clubs and Club Women."
' This was followed by, the Introduction
«>t the officers. *1C>0 ," ' M
Invitations have been received from
Buffalo and Boston for the next biennial,
which will be subject to the consideration
of the new board of directors. - 7 he board
of directors ur.d the .council \ win '.hold
meetings to-morrow and the fifth bicnnJal
will come to an end. " ~C
Captain Blake Passes Away.
GALVESTON. Tex., June 8.— Captain
Henry T. Blake, commanding the revenue
cutter Galveston, died at St. Mary's In
lirrr.ary and was buried here to-day. He
served in the nnvy during the Civil" War
atsa joined the revenue :ervice in 18 r 5. H.«
was a native of Brooklyn and was 65
j»ars of iige.
THREE FILIPINOS
CONVICTED OF MURDER
General Otis Commutes Their Sen
tence to Twenty Years' Ijn-.
prisonment.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— Newspaper re
ports just received at the War Depart
ment show that three natives were con
victed by a military commission of hav.*
ing murdered Quartermaster Sergeant
Albert Voltrie, Company K, Thirty-ninth
Volunteer Infantry, at the Barrio of Bag
bag, near Tanuana, in the province of
iiatangas. on February 2 and were sen
tenced to death by hanging.
In passing upon the case General Otis,
as the rtnai reviewing authority, said that
the findings of the commission were fully
sustained by the evidence and that the
ffeath sentence imposed by it had the ex
press sanction of the laws of war. He
was. however, unwilling to direct the exe
cution of the sentence, as he believed that
the accused were Influenced to commit the
crime of which they were convicted by
local guerrilla chiefs, who. he said, were
the principal criminals in the affair.
Moreover, he said, the prisoners were
ignorant of the legal consequences of
their act. Therefore he commuted the
sentence In each case to twenty years' im
prisonment at hard labor in the Presidio
dn Manila.
"The clemency herein exercised,"^ said
General Otis, "will not b« considered a
precedent to guide or influence the future
actions of the reviewing authority upon
proceedings of military commispions of
such gravity as the present one and the
occasion is taken to announce that in the
judicial determination on questions of
guilt which involve the responsibility for
the awful taking of human life the full
rigor of the law will be inflicted when
rightfully Invoked by legally constituted
courts." .
LAYMEN PERFORM
DELICATE OPERATION
Life of a Filipino Woman Saved by
in the Hospital
Corps.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— Surgeon Gen
era! Sternberg has received,a report from
Captain Bratton of the medical depart
ment at Sogod, Cebu, in regard to the ex- !
ceptional services recently performed by
Private Samuel Jones of the hospital
corps, asslstedjjy Private Henry Becker
of the same corps. A native woman was
assaulted by her husband with a bolo and
severely Injured. Her right forearm was
cut in several places, producing compound
fractures, and there was a deep horizon
tal ga«h on the right cheek, which forced
out the eyeball. In addition to which there
were several long, deep cuts in her back.
In the absence of the regimental surgeon
Private Jones undertook the case. With
the assistance of Private Becker he ad
ministered chloroform and at night by
candle light replaced the eyeball, which
luckily »as uninjured, and sewed up the
Incision. He also sewed up the incisions
on the back. The woman would not con
sent at that time to have her arm cut oft
and it was antiseptically treated, but in
a day or two the arm began to turn black
and Private Jones believing- that gan
grene was setting in amputated It above
the elbow by the circular method. Pri
vate Becker assisted at the operation
Captain Bratton Bays that when he re
turned a few days later he found the pa
tient doirg very well. Her arm had en
tirely healed. He fr,vh that "the good
judgment, fortitude and skill shown by
Private Jones In this warrant 'me In re
porting the facts and In recommending
him for future consideration."
?
CUBAN TEACHERS COMING.
Will Be Transported Free of Charge
to Study at -Harvard.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— The Quarter
i master General has completed arrange
rtnents for the transportation to the
'.United States of 1483 Cuban schoolteach-
Jers. who have decided to take advantage
"of the summer course of free tuition offer
ed them by Harvard University. This
I course will last from July lto September
H. when the teachers will be returned by
the War Department to their homes. Five
of the big transports have been set apart
for this- purpose— the Burnside, McPher
son, McClellan, Crook and Scdgewick.
Kival Telephone System.
Sp«>oial DIsDatch .to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 8.— The application
of the Capital Telephone and Telegraph
Company for an order to advertise for
eale a franchise was granted by the Board
of Supervisors to-day. The people art
pleased with the prospect that the Sunset
Company Is soon to have a rival.
T ONDOX, June 8.— The Saturday Re-
B view prints a twelve-sfanza poem by
I . Algernoo C. Swinburne, entitled
"^-^ "Astrae, Victrix." The seventh
stanza reads:
And now the quickeninsr tide
That hrir.es hack power and pride
To faith and love,
Whope enpifcn is thy name —
Beats dov.-n the recreant lie.
That doomed thy name to die.
Suns of friends and foes.
Behold thy star the same
As when it stood in heaven a sun
What righteous doom would give.
The eleventh stanza follows:
No false white flag that fawns
On faith till murder dawns
Blood red from hell.
Black treason's heart of hate
Left over shame's foul brand
Spared on 'an English hand.
And yet our pride vouchsafes
Them grace too Kreat.
For other pride to dream of scorn
Strikes retribution silent as i
The stars at morn, i
POET SWINBURINE'S
"ASTRAE, VICTRIX"
And Europe saw no glory left
In, 'her sky, save one. •
Thfi ninth stanza is as follows:
We loosen not on thPse knaves
Our scourRe tormented slaves. ,
We held the hand that fain
Had risen' to smite
The" torturer fast.
The tenth stanza reads:
All miu-derous fraud that lurks
In hearts where hell's craft works
Foueht, crawled and slew In darkness.
And yet we gave not back
ME STAY IN PRETORIA AND SING "GOD SAVE THE QUEEN?" NOT ON YOUR TINTYPE.
• • —Pioneer Press.
CITY OF MEXICO. June ?.— The Offi
cial Gazette of the general Government
says: Some days ago a newspaper of this
city published an article taken from a
border newspaper to the effect that the
American warship Ranger, had threatened
to bombard Port la Paz. Lower Califor
nia, on account of a criminal suit pending
against two Americans— Robert and Ar
thur Grigsby. The truth is that there was
no such threat, but merely a courteous
request from the "captain of the Ranger
to the Jefe Politico of that district to be
informed as to the case, the parties con
cerned having made complaint to him.
The Jefe courteously declined to fur
nish the information and reported the
matter to the Department of Foreign Re
lations, which, through the American em
bassy in this city, complained of the con
duct of the captain, who could have noth
ing to do in a matter now_ pending in the
form of a habeas corpus before the Su
preme Court of the nation. The Govern
ment of the United States declared that
the request of the captain in question
(whose ship it seems went to L»a Paz on a
geographical mission) had not- been the
result of instructions given to him and
tnat his action was disapproved and the
occurrence sincerely regretted. It was
also stated that an investigation would be
made Into the acts of Captain Field and
the American Consul at La Paz and that
the result would be communicated to the
Mexican Government. When this takes
place the entire correspondence in the
case will be published.
Official Gazette Declares That This
Government Has Promised to
Make Investigation of
His Actions.
MEXICO STATES
HER VERSION OF
GRIGSBY CASE
Demand of Captain Field of
the Ranger Deemed
Unwarrantable.
Explosion of Gas Imprisons One Hun
dred Miners, but the Majority
Hj_SC3j]38. •
THE DEAD.
Evan Joseph.
John McClelland.
Aaron S-rranson.
GLOUCESTER^ Ohio. June S.— One
hundred miners were imprisoned at
7 a. m. to-day by an explosion of
gas In Mine No. 2. It was thought
at first that the loss of life would
he very large, but the work -of the res
cuers wan carried on so energetically and
successfully that all were resqued and
saved by to-night except three. Evan Jo
seph John McClelland and Aaron Swan
pon were killer! and their bodies cannot
be recovered to-night, as the mine is still
on fire. ¦' „ . ..
These men were engaged to watch the
large mine at nisht and see that it was
in condition for the miners In the morn
ir.g They were cut off from all means
of escape at the time of the explosion
and their horses perished with them.
William Williams, also employed in the
mine, had his leff broken and others suf
fered slight injuries.
The explosion set the mine on fire ar.4
the rescuinc party has been working with
difficulty. This evening at about •> o'clock
a second fxplosion occurred and shortly
afterward a third, in which the rystern.
of fans used to force fresh air Into the
mine was destroyed. Further attempts
will continue to be made to rescue the
three bodies throughout the night and on
the morrow.
There were 400 men employed in th*
mine. Had tin* explosion occurred a few
moments later, after all the men had en
tered and taken their positions, the de
struction of human life would have been
fearful. Mine No. 2 Is owned by W. P.
Rend & Co. of Chicago.- The shaft is i:3
feet deep and It was sealed up to-night
in the attempt to smother the fire.
THREE MEN PERISH
IN A BURNING MINE
Cars Run on St. Louis Streets During
the Day, but the Service Is Short
ened at Nightfall.
WHAT FOUR WEEKS OF THE STRIKE HAVE COST.
*
Four wefks r,f ;lio grrat MreMxnr ?;r!ke have entalied enormous losses
upon the business irr.rrcsts of St. Jxtuis. according to the figures of the St.
Ivouis Star. It is estimated upon srood authority that in twenty-eight days the
etrik** has cost the city between KZJJOOJQOd and $23,000,000, apportioned as ' fol
lows:
lxiss in trade (I7S0.0M a day) J21.OO0.O0O 00
Loss Jn salaries to army of wage earners 560.030 00
Ix>rs to Transit Company in receipts (T30.000 a day) JiW.OOW 00
Ix)ss in wagfs to ex-si reetcar employes l."4.sno 00
Less to property, caused by rioting 50.0MO3
Cost of posse to dr.te •• 41.70)01
Kxtra expenM Police Department (estimated) 50,000 03
Kxtra cost to Tra:;sit Company % .....: ' ZifiOO 0t>
Total 122,737,600 00
/~>\ T. I.oriS. Jur.e S— It was priven out
I during the day that the St. Louis
Transit system, feeling cr.cour.iged
l f at its success in oprnsting cars last
night on lh<* UndcM division, would
try the same experiment on four other
<?ivi?'.on<? to-night— the Olive street. T.a
c!ede aver.ue. Park ar.d Compton avenues.
These divisions, as well as other trunk
lir.*»s of the system, were operated during
the day as usual, but when n'.Rhtfall came
cars on a!l but the LSndell division were
withdrawn.
Inquiry by telephone of the proper rail
way authorities as to why ths contem
plated night service had been abandoned
on the four additional lines elicited the
response that the Chief of Police and
Sheriff were unable to furnish men for the
proper protection cf crews and passen
gers. The company would not, this au
thority stated, attempt to operate addi
tional' lines at night until absolutely as
sured that its passengers' lives would not
be endangered.
Cars on the Lindell division were op
erated to-night on a seven-minute sched
ule, but carried few passengers. Police
officers rode on each car. and the entire
route from Taylor avenue to Third street.
a distance of four miles, was patrolled
by policemen and a regiment of the posse
comitatus. No trouble has been reported
up to 10 o'clock.
WOMEN THE TARGETS
OF STRIKE SYMPATHIZERS
ST. LOUIS. June ».— A mob of furious
wom^n ar.d boys to-r.ight beat and de
nuded Iyns Kaenter. a young woman who
makes ber living by peddling lunches
among tite employes of the California
avenue ni'ft car line. When the mob
bad stripped her to the waist one woman
daubed her with green paint while two
others held her.
The jeering boys and women of the mob
applauded the outrage and threw mud.
Two shop girls were attacked by the
FMe mob en hour later, ar.d they were
partly denuded before they escaped^
An organized "committee" of women be
gan to # visit the public schools this nfter
noon. entering the schoolrooms, accusing
the teachers of riding on th<=- tabooed cars
and threatening them with bodily harm If
they did so ajrain. At the Mount Pleasant
School the leader of the committee seized
the principal. Mrs. Rose Fanning, shook
her violently and announced that she.
would be tarred and feathered if either
she or any of her teachers rode on the
cars again.
o
CAR LIFTED BY
EXPLODING DYNAMITE
ST. LOUIS, June S.— As a car on the
LindeH division of the Transit Company,
ronlaining two officers and the crew, was
passing the corner of Eighteenth street
ind Washington avenue at a late hour to
night It vas lifted several inches by an
:xpiosion of dynamite. Beyond the break
up of the car windows no damage was
lone.
Seven deputy Sheriffs w?.re arrested to
night at the North Broadway power house
i:id locked up in the holdover at the Four
Courts. All of the men are held for inves
igation. It is charged that they refused
:o Bide on Broadway cars for the purpose
•>i protecting the Transit Company's prop-
All of the men stated as their objection
o the Frrvice that they were tired of
leaping with non-union men and protect
ng property which, in their opinion.
should not be protected. They said they
inderstnod that they were sworn In for
he purpose of protecting citizens from
.iolence and preserving law and order.
NOT ENOUGH OFFICERS
TO PROTECT EMPLOYES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUTi, SATURDAY, JUNE 0, 1900.
2
By V/orkl g Hard Is Natural, and
Rest Brings Kolief.
But if you are tired all .the time your
bloort is poor. It lacks the richness and
vitality which are necessary to fee<l-and
sustain the body and give strensth and
vigor. You need to take Hood's Sarsapa-
rllla, the great cure for that tired foellnp,
because 1 it Is ffce great enricher and vltal-
lzer of the blood. It will sive you an ap-
petite and increase your strength.
Hood's SarsaparlHa
Is America's Greatest Medicine.
Getting Tired
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHE FEARED PARALYSIS.
Young Los Angeles Woman Com-
pletely Prostrated at Times.
Tells of her expert-nee, condition. sufTerins:
and what relieved her. Read what she «aj-9 ia
her letter: "US' 3 South Grand ave., Los Ange-
les. Feb. IS.— I have feared paralysis: I would
feel nervous, dizzy, have hendache ami a numb
feeling all over me and at times be completely
prostrated. I tried medicine and doctors, but
found little relief until I was advised to try
Electrozone. Before I finished the first bottl*
I felt a great Improvement and continued un-
til now I am in perfect health. In all I hav-»
used three bottles. I write this for the- benefit
of any woman who suffers with such ailments
peculiar to our sex. I would not b« without
this medicine. Tours respectfully. MR3
ALIDA C. G. ASKAT."
Thousands of women are in a dangerous con-
dition. They have tried numerous remedies
without relief and have become discouraged
and given up nearly all hopes of recovery. To
these women we advise EL.ECTROZOXE. aa
Internal remedy, that cures quickly and per-
manently. It never falls to cure chronic cases
of RHEUMATISM. KIDNET AND BLADDER
AILMENTS, FEMALK COMPLAINT 5 ?
STOMACH TROUBLES. CATARRH, NErI
VOrSNESS, MALARIA and ALL BLOOD
DISEASES. Get ELECTROZONE from your
drueslst for II bottle. Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco.
OPHIR
OIL
STOCK!
.WELLS ALL AROUND US.
NEW STRIKES AT COALDTQA.
OIL SEEPAGES AND OII»
SANDSTONE ON THE OPHIR
TRACTS. ?
BUT NOW— Later yon will pay
more for the same stock.
STOCK FULLT PAID.
NON-AESESSABLB.
Directed and operated by Ieadlnc busi-
ness men. Call or send tor
prospectus.
OPHIROILCOMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Office. 403 Douslaa Block.
4 1 .
DR. MEYERS & CO. ?
i Di3cas:s ani Weakness of Men. t
731 MARKET ST.. S. F. Elevator Entrance. I
fin - CHICHESTER'S ENQLISM
6 a • «^. **''*¦'¦*• ¦¦«! Only SaanliMb
ZrffUriSk *"* CUlCHJisfEHS KXGU.SU
i£r**^G5?l la UEI> •"•» «*•«« nwtallle 6o*w. ««J»4
J3l ??~ti(l!:tf Jj»> iiiiw ribbon. Take no other. Rofiina
Tn *fc| l>«*««ro,,» SubnUitlon* and Imltu-
I / ¦ W "«¦•• Bajef yonr DrunUt. or «nvl4c. in
\l i. rff «•*»• tor Pnrtlenlar*. TV.H-ionlaU
' \ T* fy> "M " Relief for I .ml I •«. " in t—tm. Kt rf-
— *v_^_/ torn Mall. I ll.lloo rwimonuK. SoMDr
Weak Men and Women
KIlOULDfSE DAMIA.VA BITTERS. THE
- ffreat Mexican • remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orjrans. Depot. K3 Market.
Weekly Call $1.00 per YearConcert by league of the Cross Cadets'
Band; Lieutenant M. P. Walten, director,
Overture. "Xabucodonosor" (Verdi);
waltz. "Laura," from "Beggar Student"
(Millocker); clarionet solo; ¦ "Serenade"
(Moszkowski), performed by A. Steinwald;
selection,' "Ermlnle" (Jakobowski). Com
petitive drill: Entrance of battalions; re
view tendered to Major General William
R. Shafter. commanding Department of
California. U. S. A.; tirst drill (com
petitive); sikrmish drill, Company D,
Captain I. D. Dwyer commanding.
First aid to the injured, hospital corps:
Major J. G. Morrissey, surgeon; Sergeant
CADETS IN REVIEW BEFORE GENERAL SHAFTER.
Stvr Theater for Los Angeles.
Ppocta! Disrwitch'to The Ca:j.
LOS ANGELES. June 6.— When Harry
C Wyau was notified that his los.se of
the Los Angles Theater would not be re
newed he declared that a new theater
would be erected that would suit his yur
vrse and that wcu'.d be controlled bv h'ni
Kis r!ps have crystallized, as thV'in:
formation is given to-day that Homer
Locghua. the Ohio millionaire potterv
manufacturer, is behind the venture and
that he is fn the East negotiating the
r.. cessary capital. Laughlin has erected
two handsome business houses on Brcad
vrny, r.car Fourth street. To add to the
value of these, a theater will be built ori
the.we«t side nf Broadway, near Fourth
and extend to Kill street. This gives the
building t\7o street fronts, and it will
have a large rental Income from stores
Plans are now boinsr prepared. Work will
commence October 1.
Shingle Manufacturers Win.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 8.— Judge San
ford to-day handed down his opinion In
the celebrated anti-trust case brought by
B. A. Gibbs against the Washington Red
Cedar Shingle Manufacturers' Associa
tion, holding that Gibbs had no cause
cf action on any of the anti-trust fea
tures of the complaint, but that under
the allegation that the shingle associa
tion had blacklisted him and sent out
circulars denouncing him as a fraud and
unworthy of credit, the complaint was
rufScicnt to proceed to trial upon that
count.
ADMIRAL DEWEY IS
ENTERTAINED AT DETROIT
Is Given a Splendid and Enthu
siastic Welcome by the
Citizens.
DETROIT. Mich.. June 8.— The spon
taneity and cordiality of the welcome ac
corded to Admiral Dewey this afternoon
and to-night by the people of Detroit has
seldom been equaled In any reception ac
corded a popular idol in this city. The
admiral's train was met by the officers
and directors of the Fellowcraft Club,
whose guest he was for the day, and
Mayer Maybury and a few personal
fnends of the L'eweys.
Escorted to the Russell House by bat
talions of the Fourteenth Infantry and
Marines, the admiral all along responded
to constant ringing cheers from the thou
sands who crowded the streets.
This evening a crush of well dressed
humanity rast the hero of the day and his
wife in "the parlors of the Fellowcraft
Club. The guests of the evening were In
troduced by the president of the club,
William Livingstone, and Mayor May
bury- A score of prominent men ana
women assisted in receiving. Later the
admiral was the guest of honor at a din
ner served to 200 men in the clubs thea
ter hall, while Mrs. Dewey was tendered
a similar function for ladles only at tha
Detroit Club.
Admiral Dewey was this afternoon
rhown the statement made by the Manila
Times concerning an alleged recovery by
General Funston's men of a portion of the
archives of the Filipino rebel Government,
which. It was claimed, contained corre
spondence between Agulnaldo and Dewey.
After reading the statement Admiral
Dewey positively denied ever having writ
ten Aguinaldo. Said he:
"I never wrote a letter to Aguinaldo In
my life. Whenever I wanted to see him
I sent for him. He was employed by me
for -certain purposes, just as 1 employed a
lot of other p*»ople among the natives. I
made him no promises. If there had been
50C0 American troops with in© in the be
ginning to occupy the city and maintain
order there would never have been this
trouble."
"V^"i33.s tlie Honors of tne Niglit.
Major Oexiera,]. Sli£i£t.e±» Reviews etxid -A-p
£>le*,-u.ca-s tlie Boy Soldiers-Company 3D
THOUSANDS CHEER THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
IN THEIR CONTEST FOR A DIAMOND MEDAL TROPHY
The rooms of the San Francisco Settle
ment Association at 7+0 Bryant street
were crowded yesterday with visitors who
viewed the work of the members of that
organization. It was the annual exhibi
tion of the association and the splendid
results achieved by the workers during
the past twelve months were shown, la
all their variety. The Mothers' Club had
a pretty exhibition of useful things la
knitted goods and wearing apparel. The
Girls' Club was represented by clever
water colors, artistic need'e-work and
the results of their studies in civil gr.v*ra
raent under the direction of Miss Jessica
Pelxotto.
In the rooms on the second floor of the
rpaclous building the uoys showed their
handiwork to admiring visitors. Mat3.
hammocks, leather novelties, brushes and
numerous other useful articles were evi
dences that their little hands had been
directed in proper channels. The cooking
section baked the sweet cakes that were
distributed at the evening's reception and
the singing class furnished the musical
entertainment.
The San Francisco Settlement Associa
tion is not a charitable organization. IC
was formed nine years ago by a number
of people who believed In bringing: the
working classes together and teaching
them the value of keeping busy. The
small boy was invited to come off the
street In the evening and learn something;
to his benefit. The little fellows became
Interested in the project and before a
month had passed a number of classes
were formed. The lads were taught setting
type, printing, molding, hammock-maklnc
and were given sound advice. Within
a short time a gymnasium was added to
the association and the little fellows
were taught how to develop their muscles.
Military companies were formed, baseball
nines gotten up and within a short time
tho boys' club became famous throughout
the city. The experiment worked so suc
cessfully that the mothers of th© young
sters were Invited to come in and they
in turn formed an organization and met
once a week to discuss household prob
lems and learn the latest in cooking, knit
ting and sewing. The Girls' Club* was
added to the association and the working
girl was given every opportunity to edu
cate herself.
The exhibition yesterday showed tha
benefits to be derived from membership.
Only a small sum is demanded from tha
eldera for the support of the Institution.
A great many articles made by willing
hands find a steady market and the
money thus derived is employed to carry
on the work of the association. Mrs.
Phebe Hearst 13 greatly Interested In the
work and has donated pictures and
money. She has purchased a lot on South
Park and intends erecting a large house
for the settlement, so that all can be un
der one roof. At present the San Fran
cisco Settlement Association has two
homes. One Is located at S4 South Park
and the other at 7W Bryant street. Miss
Porter, an earnest worker In the cause. Is
In charge of the latter place and Mrs.
Dr. More has general supervision over
both places. The officers of the associa
tion are: President. Mrs. Mary Klncaid;
vice president. K. C. Babcock of the Uni
versity of California; secretary. M!ss
Ethel Beaver.
Work.
Visitors— History of tho
Annual inhibition of th? Organiza
tion Drew a Large Number of
San Francisco Settlement
Association Members
Progressing.
BUSY WORKERS
DISPLAY RESULT
OF THEIR LABOR
HaL: Rah! Rah:
Tuer, Tiger. Tieer.
StiaS, SiSS, .-.>;,
Scldca if ever In the history of the
Olympic Club has its gymnasium been
filled with a more enthusiastic set of
youngsters than these who crowded it
last evening. The occasion was the Indoor
track athletic meet between the track
tf&rns rtprtsentir.g the Crocker Grammar
nr.i Pacl3c Heiphts schools and the Co
lumbia Park Boys' Club for a trophy of
fered by the club.
Crocker School carried off the hor.ors
cf the meet, iiut for belns disqualified
In the relay race, wr.ich they won. these
athletes would have netted 57 points. Ref
eree John Eiiicrtt did not like tr.e manner i
la which the Crocker boys ran tr.cir reiay \
ejr.a taereiore awaraea ilrst place to the
Caiursbia Park boys, 'mertrore at the
ciose of the contests tr.<_- score stood:
Crocker* 64. Cciura&ia Park boys Club 17
E.v.6. Pacitc Heights IS.
Ihe toys' tluo was happy in the- pos
session or a yell leader, who voiced his
commands through a megaphone. The
lacs managed to sque.ch tee i»weil High |
School rooters a number at times «iur:ng
tf.e evening.
The spr... ting- events brought forth the
vrildest enthusiasm. Falls w*-rc frequent
cn the track. 1 he sharp turns caused |
tna.ny tins? ts. but the piucKy lads who fell j
were on their teet in an instant. The
time rrad«? in each event was remarkably •
good. The feature of the evening was the j
pele vault. Beth Oolcher and I-ang of I
thA Crocker School tied at 6 feet S inches.
There were four entries, and as the pole
¦was r?.!s*d inch by lncn the excitement
grew more Intense. More than half an
ni Aevoted to settling the event,
r.r.d *ven then It was necessary to call It
oft because the two men who out-jumped
thr> otber competitors were too fatigued
to go oa.
Following are the results of the games
the abbreviations being C. for Crocker
School. P. H. for -Paeiric Heig-nts School
and C. P. B. C. for Columbia Park Boys'
Club:
Tv.-er.tv-Cv e rani dash (for rr.err.bcrs at the
Junior ciass. Olympic Clubt— L. Buhlert firet.
H^ /rwin ferend and J. Conlcn third. Time.
uash— N'ealcn. C. Srst: Wo.idward.
\ H.. seccni. ar.i More. C. P. B. C, third.
Time. :C3 T-S.
• »nj run— Taruni, P. H.. first; Martin, C.
feoind: COmra. C. P. B. C. third. Time 2 3S
HtsJ juwp— Nealon. C. 2rst; K\e'.er. C. t'ec
cr.i. »ni Via Geinterf^W. C. P. B. C. third.
::--e. I» feet •«<-.; inch??.
- -yard rt?.sti: Firtt h«-at— Golch«r. C, first;
StciloCen, C P. B. C. second. Tin*, Ti 1-5
>• ; ad n^at— Tatuai. P. H.. first. Time M 1-d"
K.r.&l— •";• !;-h-r. r.. Brtti Tatum. P. II «»cond
&r.d M.-i!-::!r-n t^lrd. Time. :27'j.
¦"•¦-yard run— Ljunp. C, flm;Vcr:ra second
KS4 Rcc«n thirt. Tinie. 4:30.
Utffa J-Jn-.?— I'avaratirh. C. Brrt: Plajrw.an.
C. F*^cru. ar.i Roberu. P. H.. third. Helg-ht,
• Hi iacta«a.
Pole va-jlt— <5olc-h^r ar.d Lane of C. tied for
Enrt :".arf; Frazen third. Height. 6 fe*t 8
':'-: <ri roa— Motels, C. Crst: Roberts sec
r: 1 ;ir.<i O*X«G] thinL T:m, :43^.
»-;a:> relay— Crocker flrrt. <;olurr.b;a Park
¦ lab fveond and P. II. thir J.
- h* olSctalp-n-ert:
T>.<*Ur~r. Join rrilSntt; starter. H-rbert Hau
fer: trnitrs— J. Karr.m«r*mit>., G. Jtma Leca
P ¦¦¦-!: ja.lg-fg at ffr.^h— J. -M. Uaahael E.
H Bt, Ji Lav-tor.-. J. JJ. I>vhjr.nn- Tield liiires
—II. Irrrin. n. Kf^ae^r. H. dirk of
Isdocr Heet "Was a Success — Fine
Siio-K-ing Made by the Columbia
Park Beys' Club Repre
sentatives.
Trophy Ofiered by Olympic
Club Captured by Them
With Ease.
CROCKER SCHOOL
ATHLETES WON
MANY LAURELS
Mary Straueh. a daughter of Mrs. McCall.
The ahlloh party Is now en rou;e East
and the police are trying to secure deten
tion of the parties.
Duke of Wellington Dies.
LOXDOX. June 8.— Henry Wellesley.
third Duke of Wellington, died at Strath
fieldsaye House, Mortimer. Berkshire, to
day, in the fifty-fifth year of his age.
to the Government ticket, five other sets
of candidates are In the field, all In op
position to the Government, but not
working- entirely In concert. These com
prise the - party -line Conservatives, the
Provincial party, the Turner party, the
Labor party and the Independents.
The Provincial party Includes the sup
porters of the 'last Government, and Iss led
by Francis L. Carter-Cotton of Vancou
ver, a pioneer journalist of this city, who
was Minister of Finance and Mining in
the last Government. His supporters in
clude both Conservatives and Liberals.
The Turner party Is led by J. H. Turner
of Victoria, who was also Premier. In a
former Government, and is composed
principally of Conservatives, resident in
Vancouver Island. Charles Wilson. Q. C.
of Vancouver, is the leader of the party
line Conservatives, and is a pioneer law
yer. The Independents comprise men of
both parties.
Thirty-eight members of Parliament are
to be elected.
Boulevard "War Rene-wed.
SAX RAFAEL. June 8.— The boulevard
war was renewed by its opponents this
afternoon. George W. Burbank of To
males'asked the Superior Court of this
county to issue a writ of review com
manding the members of the Board of
Supervisors to certify and return* to the
court all of the board's proceedings con
cerning what !s known as the Tiburon
boulevard. Mr. Burbank is an ex-Super
vlsor and one of the most persistent op
ponents of the proposed drive.
Charged With Kidnaping.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 8.— A warrant
has been sworn out by Mrs. M. E. McCall
charging Rev. F. W. Sandford, theiShlloh
(Me.) ' evangelist. ¦ and Rev. N. H. Harri
man of this city with kidnaping Miss
Electricity in Capsules.
1 ? This new compound. • which is made from
cheap chemicals. . Is put up In capsule form
and- when added to a certain quantity of wa
ter will furnish electricity enough to light a
house, drive an automobile or even a railroad
train. -But this Is .nothing compared to the
strengthening power contained In a bottle of
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It cures Indiges
tion dyspepsia, billousnees. liver and kldaey
trouMes and fills the system with the rigor of
health. ' - ¦ • '
Thieving I>sntist Goes to Jail.
CAKLC'D, Jiiae &.— Dr. Edward Conn.
Sot "Weather in Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, June 8.— The mercury
throughout Texas for three days past
has reached 101 to 105 degrees in the shade.
There was one death here to-day from
sunstroke.
Carmen Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, June S. — The Oakland Car
men's Social and Benevolent Society has
elected the following officers: President,
j \V Gillogly: superintendent, George
\icHale; foreman, w. E. Watkins; con
ductor. G. Brown: inside doorkeeper. Wil
t am Kreugpr: cutMde doorkeeper. R. O.
\\atkins; receiver. George Cornell: treas
ure-, j. W. Smith; secretary. David
Hughes.
Closing of the Schools.
ALAMEDA, June 8.— The public schools
closed to-day for the summer vacation.
Promotions for the lower • grades were
announced at 1 o'clock by the principals
and at 3 o'clock the ninth grade pupils
were told their fate by Dr. A. W. Scott,
principal of the Haigrht School, where all
me ninth grao.es are - concentrated. The
percentage of .. promotions .was larger
man during any. term in the history of
the Alameda School Department. Closing
exercises were held In all the schools.
PARTY LINES DRAWN
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
Unusual Interest Taken in the Cam
paign in the Northern
Province.
'¦ VANCOUVER. B. C, June 8. — A general
election for members of the Provincial
Parliament "will take place throughout
British Columbia to-morrow. The cam
paign which closes :¦[ to-night has been
peculiar. In many 'respects. ¦ For the first
time in , the history of British Columbia
party lines have been partially intro
duced in a provincial election. The re
sult . has been the creation of factions,
and as an Intended remedy; in ¦ addition
Mrs. Toft's Case.
OAKLAND. June S.— Mrs. Peter Toft.
who was charged with threatening to
shoot Arthur Whittaker because of his
attentions to her daughter, was dis
charged yesterday by Recorder Bradford
of Emeryville, before whom she appeared
for preliminary examination. Mrs. Toft
was rearrestcd on the charge of disturb
ing the peace, but was released on a bond
of J1W.
OAKLAND, June 8. — Judge Ogden this
morning denied the application of Mrs.
Enilie Paulovich for a divorce from Ste
phen Paulovich? The court scored Mrs.
Paulovich for her desire for a separation,
and after revoking an order for alimony
made several months ago advised her to
either return to her husband or take steps
to support herself.
The plaintiff testified that her husband
had a habit of showing his displeasure' by
knocking her down and biting pieces out
of her arms and neck, but these state
ments were not substantiated. She also
accused him of intemperance.
Paulovich denied the charge and in re
ply told a long tale of suffering because of
the indiscreet actions of his wife.
When Judge Ogden some time ago or
dered Paulovlch to pay his wife $40 a
month alimony Paulovich told his attor
ney. W. H. L. Hynes, that he would
throw his money Into the bay before he
would pay her a cent.
MRS. PAULOVICH IS
DENIED A DIVORCE
POET MARKHAM'S PLACE
FILLED BY A WOMAN
OAKLAND. June 8.— The contest over
the principaJship of the Tompkins School,
formerly held by Edwin Markham.
was settled to-night by the appointment
of Miss A. E. Walton. A place was af-.
forded J. C. Gllson. her rival for the po
sition, by the resignation of J. H. Sum
ner. principal of the Swett School, whose
place GUson was given. The Board of
Education decided on the appointments in
executive session. There Is no difference
in salaries between the two positions.
The beard elected as teachers for the
ensuing vear the same Instructors who
served last year with the exception of
Mrs. C. J. Hammer of the Franklin
School, who resigned. Her successor will
be taken from the preferred list. There
was no change in the list of principals
with the exception of those of the Swett
and Tompkins schools.
On the recommendation of the finance
committee it was decided to make the
Central School a partial high school. The
principal and teachers will receive a email
increase in salary-
OAKLAND, June 8.— Edward F. Delger
to-day filed an answer to the suit of
James J. Lamping against the estate of
the late capitalist, Frederick Delger, for
the collection of $10,000 on a promissory
no.te alleged to have v been executed by
the ' elder Delger some time before his
death.' Lamping filed his claim against
the estate with the executor, Edward F.
Delger, and when payment was refused
brought suit to recover the money which
he claimed was due him. He said that
the note was given to him by Frederick
Delger, with the agreement that he was
to remain In (his) Delger's exclusive em
ploy.
The answer of the defendant denies
that the note was signed by Frederick
Delger. or that he ever agreed to pay
Lamping any sum of money for remaining
In his employ. Denial is also made that
Lamping received the note as -compen
sation from his employer for his careful
management of the extensive Delger
property holdings or that his . services
were worth J10.0W over and above his reg
ular monthly salary.
The disputed note Is said to have been
made on January 3, 1S97. Lamping was
for a number of the years the confidential
agent of the late Frederick Delger.
DELGER DENIES THE
CLAIMS OF LAMPING
a dentist who stole diamonds from Rose
Albers. a young woman who had been
In his employ, was convicted of larceny
to-dav after a" jury trial In the Police
Court. Judge Smith sentenced the den
tist to six months' Imprisonment In the
City Prison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, SATTJEDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
Temperance Congress to Open.
LONDON, June 8.— The Worlds Tem
perance Congress will open in London
next Monday under the presidency of the
Archbishop of Canterbury. A leading
feature of the programme will be a grand
cosmopolitan temperance meeting, over
which the Earl of Carlisle will preside.
Lady Henry Somerset will occupy the
chair of the congress on Tuesday. The
speakers will Include many Americans.
«=ipHOt"SANDS of people gathered in
S Mechanics' Pavilion last night to
ji witness the sixth annual concert and
drill of the First Re^inient of the
League of the Cross Cadets. It was a
brilliant, sympathetic and enthusiastic
throng gathered to do honor to the prin
ciple of temperance which the boys repre
sent. Every opportunity for the encour
agement of the boy soldiers was accepted
in stormy applause that was well merited.
Major General William R. Shafter. who
reviewed the regiment, and his military
escort, stood, in all the bravery of full
dress uniform, in the reviewing stand.
Clerygmen In somber garb held posts of
honor. Thousands of men. women and
children thronged the main floor and
crowded the galleries until they were al
most lost in the shadows of the roof. The
great pavilion was draped in the national
colors, alternating with the white ban
ners of the league. It ¦was a scene to ex
cite enthusiasm.
The central, absorbing Incident of the
night was the contest for the diamond
medal, the trophy given by the officers
of the regiment to the best drilled com
pany which shall win it three times
against all competitors. There were saber
drills, skirmishes, maneuvers by the hos
pital corps, setting up exercises, reviews
and regimental parades, but the supreme
interest of the audience centered on th«s
struggle for possession of the diamond
trophy.
Company D of Sacred Heart parish had
Company A, Captain "William C. Hop
per; Tcrmpany B, Captain James T. Cur
ley: Company C. Captain P. L. Bannon:
Company I>, Captain J. D. Dwyer. First
Lieuterant George H. Sullivan. Second
Lieutenant Frank A. McCarthy; Company
E. Captain L. A. McCrystle. Second Lieu
tenant Bart Malor.e; Company F. Captain
M. F. Hynes. Fir?t Lieutenant J. Henry
Long-. Second Lieutenant J. Henry Shee
han: Company G, Captain William' Dixon.
First Lieutenant William Perry. Second
Lieutenant James Toohy: Company H.
Captain J. P. Keating. First Lieutenant
T. II. O Connor. Second Lieutenant G
Beasley: Company I, Captain H. Power.
F:r.-t Lieutenant James Waters, Second
Lieutenant J. Keefe: Company K. Captain
J. H. Reilly. First Lieutenant Al Hanley.
Second Lieutenant T. J. Branson: Com
pany L. Captain Frank Grlmley. First
Lieutenant Joseph Meagher. Second Lieu
tenant Garratt M. Sears; Company M
Captain Al S. Mclntyre. First Lieutenant
Charles Adams. Second Lieutenant Frank
Laminger; Company N. Captain J A
Kennedy. Second Lieutenant J C Mc-
Brien; Company O. ; Captain Joseph Wes
p'.ear. First Lieutenant T. J. Curtin, Sec
ond Lieutenant J. Hackenbruck: Com
pany R. First Lieutenant Mark McCann
Second Lieutenant Charles A. Flynn.
Non-commissioned staff — Regimental
sergeant. Major Thomas A. Deasy- quar
termaster. Sergeant D. B. Torres; com
missary. Sergeant Lester Coghlan; chlet
trumpeter. Vincent Devlin; hospital stew
ard. Joseph Fogarty: color sergeants
George Shaw and Joe Merrill.
Battalion commanders— First Battalion
Major D. C. Deasy: Second Battalion'
Major J. E. Power; Third Battalion. Ma
jor J. P. Duffy.
Joseph Fogarty, steward. Second drill
(competitive); "Setting Up" exercisea,
Company' A, Captain William C. Hopper,
commanding; tnird drill- (competitive);
saber drill. Company G, Captain William
Dixon commanding; regimental parade.
Lieutenant Colonel D. J. McGloin com
manding: announcement of judges' decis
ion: awarding of officers' trophy to win
ning company by Very Rev. John J. Pren
dergast, Vicar General.
Very much of the success of the affair
is due to the unremitting efforts of the
following:
Committee of arrangements — Lieutenant
Colonel .L. J. McGlom (chairman). E<1
ward J. Coffey Walter fJE.
Dorn (treasurer). Rev. Philip ORyan,
Colonel Edward J. Power, Major D. C.
Deasy) Major J. E. Power, Major J. I'.
Duify. Ceptain D. J. McCarthy. Lieuten
ant G. H Sullivan, Lieutenant T. J.
Branson, Lieutenant J. H. Scanlan, James
B. Coffey Jr., Thomas H. Fallon. Robert
\V. Gillogley, William J. Hamilton, Philip
J. Lawler.
The officers of the regiment who com
manded last night and won praise for the
efficiency of their work are as follows:
Colonel. E. J. Power; lieutenant colonel.
D. J. McGloin; surgeon. Major Joseph G.
Morrissey; assistant surgeon. . Captain
John F. Sullivan: adjutant. Captain P. J.
Haggerty: inspector. Captain D. J. Mc-
Carthy; quartermaster, Lieutenant V. I.
Carroll; commissary. Lieutenant J. H.
Scanlon; major First Battalion. Daniel C.
Deasy: major Second Battalion. James E."
Power; major Third Battalion. John P.
Duffy; adjutants. First Lieutenant Frank
I. Gonzales. Second Lieutenant George F.
Welch, Third Lieutenant Fred A. Hooper;
bandmaster. First Lieutenant Maximilian
F. "Wai ten.
wen it a year ago and two companies, L
and K, well drilled and determined, were
determined last night to wrest it away.
They tried hard, but failed: Company
D was 100 careful of its laurels ana for
the second time won the meriaL Thc
company drilled with the precision of. a
rmchine. The toys acted In the various
military evolutions as if they were one.
In coiumii of fours, in platoons and in
company front their maneuvers were
without flaw. Every movement was
watched critically fcy two of the severest
disciplinarians, and drill masters in the
United States army now on this coast—
Captain £>. J. Rumbough, captain and ad
jutant Third Artillery. U. S. A., and Cap
tain C. A. Bennett. Battery D. V. S. A.
AM when these two officers announced,
that Company D was entitled to the
medal the boys had good *«;ason . to be
proud of their victory. It had been
awarded by masters competent to judgo.
At 7:30 o'clock the League of the Cross
Band commenced a concert which con
tinued until nearly 9 o'clock. As soon as
the doors of the Pavilion were opened the
crowd began to flock in. The street in
front was black with a watching thron:;.
Inside were the sounds of music well
played, the tramp of drilling cadets eager
for the last trials before the contest, the
clash of sabers in friendly rivalry, th<>
bustle and confusion and voices of people
hastening to their seats. Then there was
a cheer which rang through the big Pa
vilion and echoed into the street. Major
General Shafter. with Ills aids. Captain
Morse and Lieutenant Wilson, had ar
rived and was being generously welcomed
as he was escorted to the reviewing stand.
In a few minutes the boys marched on
to the floor, passnig in review before
.General Shafter. They were a manly set
of fellows and well deserved the jyaise
which General Shafter pave as they
marched before him and saluted. Around
the Pavilion they moved each company
receiving the plaudits of its champions
until the last had passed from view and
the floor was cleared for the first drill
in the competition. It was given by Com
pany K of St. Paul's parish, under com
mand of Captain James H. Reilly. The
company drilled well and in a competition
loss suevere would have won. But it was
matched against two competitors of no
mean merit. Company L of Mission Do
lores parish, under command of Captain
Frank Grimby. followed and behaved
with exceptional ability. Then came the
medal winner. Company D of Sacred
Heart parish, under command of Captain
Ignatius D. Dwyer. The contest was
over and the triumph had been won.
In conclusion there was a regimental
parade, the announcement of the judges'
decision and the award of the trophy to
Company D by the Very Rev. Father J.
J. Prendergast, vicar general. The cele
bration had been an unqualified success-.
The programme of exercises Is in full
as follows:
3
FOR A PURP05E.
To-day we start a trade sale that -will continue until sold on 3 carloads
of canned stuff contracted In 1899 and delivered this week at prices ful-
ly 30 per csnt below those prevailing to-day. We prefer to put this In
the hands of our all-the-year patrons. We will not refuss jobbers' and
dealers' orders on same basis. Goods are right. You'll find them great
sellers and will want more. Prices are out of order, but we mean it and
will stick to them for a purpose.
CANNED BARGAINS. I OTHER BIG BARGAINS.*
Each. Dozen. Boys' fi 50 Suits. 3 to U years, now #1 J»O
Home-made Jelly la glass 124c Sl-Ti 1 Youths" Suits. 18 to 19 years $3..'O
Home-made Jam In glass 124« #1-1.% Boys* Caps for picnics ..Re. 1O«
Highest -qrallty Jam. tins 12VrC SUV. ! Wcrk Otoves for m*n. Rood 2ae. :-t.1e
Highest quality JelJy tlt.« 12He Jl-TS f^iKT Waste Paper Caskets lOctoRlIc
Fine StrlEK Beans, cans .... *c »««• Wool Tarn. Jl grade, now ..T.1«
Tabla Pears, standard, tins.... 12V,c SI. to Bound Books, many titles loc, 2«lc
Table 'Apricots, flne 10c #1.2f> : Imported School Sponsw. 12 for .">c
Family Oysters, cans 10c $1.00 i Pansy Bocks. II M list, now 5c
Asparayus. fine pack ISc • jtS.(M) Felt. "olJ raid" color. 71-Inch HZc
Pie Fruit, regular tins He XT>* I Carrtew Para«ols. Jl 00 kind T5«
! pi e Fruit, gallon tins 2«Vc K-.-." ? -A thousand bargains for a thousand buyers.
i Tomatoes, gallon tins 20c $2.25 j Step Inside the doer and see at a slance what
Tomatoes. Btandard tins... 7Oc *e »« dclnr.
£0<) thlnrs on grocery floor to attract clcse jt<gtw m> rn (a M jjgjjjM m mm a^*, •
SECOND FLOOR BARGAINS. , @S | fel^
Ladles' $2 M Square-toe Shots ...fl.50 'O^H 1 H §! A" 1$ M a^0
Children's Fine Kid Shoes. « to 12 ?5« B %i B» H ¦» ™*
GirK Lace P=r*-«. «tvlt«h. 12 to : !».V jy-w /Ti /C^ B H <1C^ 3R3 /5~ti 7^9k V
Lades' ?prinir-h^l Button. 2 to 5 *1 Sir, ffj £<&**£> ffrm SiT S I M* t
Everyday styles LadlW. neat finish *1.1O Vftt^aB %^ • «X **»•
Srcclal.cats for a few weeks on all lines of o - 07 VonL-»t St «« F
Fine Shoes to' close "out of sires' lots. 2o-^4 maPKCt Ot., O. r.
5TH AND 6111 FLOORS FOi BENT FOR STORAGE crLlG3T MANCFACTURWG.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
Slakes any mother proud. There are a
great many proud mothers whose chil-
dren have* been puny and sickly until
G&5SGSS3S8GS&a632& Se 7 u*2^f
?f ti tg Dr. Pierce's
A /vj^' !$j tion. That
K? medicine
¦'- gStv.-s. \c'~- \ 9 which
\-\ ! fggJptSgaajp j en strong"
& liSPiP^r i has giv £ a
>., rf& S m$Wf'\ t^ em the
Ct ClL r J™'(iB strength to
C JfxK ra.' \ \ * children for
X/ Kfi m * S o ' 1 T* -S<^ "Six years
/," " *"-J^ \ I b^to sifter the
. * % vJ \ I birth of one of
' I mv children I
was left ia a xreak ren dowa coition. - sa vs
Maria O Havzel. rmtinff from Brookland. D^C.
«Xv heaJUi 'secned utlrrly gone. I s"^™""
from oemicsaw, female weakness and rh?n-
taatisTV. Life was a burden. I doctorecl wita
three different ptrysicians and got n* relief. *
tried several pctent medicines, all with the
same result. I U^in to sret worse and to add to
the complications I suffered terribly from con-
fvtipation. I clianced to see one of your edver-
ti*rments and I commenced to take Vr. Pierre's
Favorite Prescription and "Pleasant Pellets' end
be£33 to improve ris»t away, and continued
isiprcrrias and gaining in strength. I cannot
express the re'.jef. it was so great. Seven
month* later zny little daughter was born with-
trst n ich trouble. I feel that I would never
have bcea ab'.c to endure my confinement only
by the hflp due solely to Dr. Pierce'* medicines.
Sxie was a fine- heaUhy child and the only one I
l^ave ever bcea a.?4e to nnrse. She is now two
Tmrf <?W an<i I hare never had to take any
iacdidne mhcc. «o I feel that your medicine has
E:ad<: a Isrtir.s cure with me."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense . Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of
stamps to defray expense of mailing
oily. Ser.d 21 one -cent stamps for
the book ia paptr binding, or 31 stamps
for cloth. Advl-css Dr. R. V. Hcrce,
Buffalo, li. V-M. Mlchillki has sold Terrona to J. H.
W. Muller. This is th? eighth change of
ownership through which the dog ha-s
William Lopez has some Crawford Lad
puppies at his Pleasanton farm which are
ofgreat promise. Eight of them are out
of Daisy Crest, a .'Sster to the famous
"Bucks." Another litter of nine Is out
of Minneapolis. 'The majority of them are
fawn ' la color with white : mar kings.
Ten Eyck to Row Gaudaur.
WORCESTER. Mass., June 8.-James A.
Ten Eyck of Worcester, champion sculler
of New England and father of Edward H.
Ten Eyck. the amateur champion, has ac
cepted the challenge of Jake Gaudaur, the
world's champion sculler, issued a • few
days ago by Ned Hanlan, ex-champion of
-the world, and- will row him ' three miles
' for a suitable puree. *
MATCH RACE AT SUTRO'S:
A match race. between Charles Augustus
and -' H.' .McKenzie : will be the principal
swimming 5 : event to-morrow- at Sutro
'Baths. The. men will, swim one hundred
yards."; The other events are: : ' «..
'• Fifty-yard dash'. Juveniles— J. . Anderson, 1/
Orreman, P> Louis, L."' Finnley, F. Irvln F
Rankln. J. Rogers,; C. Augustus, O. Chllds, L/
Hanlon, ; P. Bogen, . O." Rudonlck, P. Sunbe'rf?'
AV\ Summers, J. Laird, M. Carmody. F. <"nr
roll.G. Charles.- G.' Frost, -W. "Wollbeck.
Tub race— F. Grueman, ;F.» Hughes, E.'Kipp,
Portland's Filly Wins.
LONDON. June S.— At the Manchester
Whitsuntide meeting to-day the Manches
ter cup of 2000 sovereigns was won by
the Duke of Portland's bay filly La
Roche. J. C. Dyer's Joe Chamberlain,
ridden by Tod Sloan, was second and Mr.
Oliver's Charing, ridden by L. Reiff. was
third.
Deer Too Plentif til.
LAYTONVILLE, June 8.— Large num
bers of deer and other, wild, animals are
massing around the vicinity of volcanoes
here that have- recently; been active. Deer
are in * such vast bands .that they are a
serious menace-to ranchers with growing
crops, who are herding the animals back
to their, original haunts. The mineral de
posit from mud volcanoes possibly con
tains a saline • mineral water. . Panthers
and wildcats follow the .deer into the
opening.
HANDBALL MATCHES.
The handball matches to-morrow at
Phil Ryan's San Francisco Court will be
between the following experts at the
game:
W. Hrk£*U and W. Fisher vs. P. Ryan and
G. B. Hayward.
W. H. Ffeberst and "VT. Walsh v». 3. J. Can-,
aven ar.d W. H. Kedian.
A. M»icker and T. Leach vs. J. Condon and
T. Fniey.
G. McDonald and M. McDonald vs. P. Me-
Kicnon aad M McNeil. .
U. ReKan r and J. Klrby vs. M. Kirby and IS.
l!any.
I). J. Hlifffc-.n and E. Lynch vs. J. R. Uock-
Kian un<\ !•. Waterman.
11. Levy fjul S Wurkheim v*. B. Mey»rs nn-1
I'. F.asch.
M .'. K-Irnllon and R. Linehan vs. A. Ilftnijv."
ton ait'' j. Rioi-dan.
U. Muriliy sndJ. llarlow vs. J. White unl
J. Ccllim>
Company CHs Annual Meeting.
ALAMEDA; June 8.— Company G. N*. Q.
C, held its annual meeting last evening
at Armory Hall. Corporal Schroi>.;r was
elected secretary and Private A. J. Brick
historian. The following committees were
elected: Armory, Corporal Hinds, Privates
Charles Naber and Charles Martinez;
finance. Sergeants S. S. Marshall and
\v right and Corporal Schroeder: range.
Corporal Charles Follrath. Privates Frank
Reinhold, Charles Martinez and John Mat
thias ; recruiting, Privates Luke Doyle,
William Blake and George Stole.
ON THE PUTTING GREENS.
Though several of the well known Oak
land golfers are absent on summer vaca
tions, the Oakland Club is still manifest
ing considerable activity. Miss Dunham,
who is a fairly strong player among the
ladies, has returned from a visit to the
Kastern Suites. This afternoon there will
\if a ladies' tournament over nine holes, i
match play, on the Oakland links.
In i« recrat competitions on the links
of theTan Rlfael Golf Club for the Coun
cil's cups for men and women, two well
known names do not appear — those of Mr.
and Mrs. K. Oilman Brown. R. G. Brown
has been absent from the city for several
days, but will return shortly. The Coun
cil's cup for men was won by E. J. Mc-
Cutchen of the Ban Francisco Golf Club,
and the Council's cup for women by Miss
Alice Colden Hoffman of the game club.
The Decoration day handicap tourna
ment on the link? of the San Rafael Golf
Club brought out an unusually large num
ber of competitors. The "greens" were in-
condition, and there was little
wind to interfere with the players. The
ladles' handicap- over eighteen holes,
medal play, attracted nine entries, the
winner being Mrs. H. G. Bundrem. with a
i-core of 124 Jess 36— f*S. The prize for best
gross score was won by Mrs. F. T. Grif
fith, with a score of 105. The men's
handicap over thirty-six holes, medal
play, attracted fifty entries, fortyyfive of
whom actually .took part in the tourna
ment. Hugh Slay made the first eighteen
holes in i& and the second in i*0,or a total
of 185 for thirty-Fix holes. J. H. Nicoll
ves second with a gross score of 1S9. J.
H. Xicoll and W. W. Stevens tied for best
r.ct score, ihe former's score being 189 less
2&— 1C1, and the latter's being 205 less 41—
The N. G. C. Encampment.
Major General Dickinson of the N. G. C.
expresses the opinion that the division en
campment was not called off by the com
mander In chief on the ground of econo
my, which has teen assigned as a reason
for his action, but in consequence of rep
resentations of the health authorities that
have led him to believe that the National
Guard might, at a moment's notice, be
requested to enforce quarantine regula
tions. He declares that the only saving
by doing away with the division encamp
ment would be the transportation of about
six hundred men from the southern part
of the State.
Several new faces will be. seen on the
local diamond this week. Prominent
among them will be that of Henry Reitz.
the star infielder, who was with the Bal
timores when they twice won the cham
pionship of the i National • League. Reitz
has been playinp this season with jMII
waukea and has been doing remarkably
good work for the team. Manager Harris
is highly elated over his success in secur
ing Reitz. and he now thinks that* he has
a team that will play winning ball. He
will station Reitz at short, shift Riley' to
third and play Krug on the bench. : ;
. : The Oakland's will* also have two new
men. Ewing first intended'to fill Ham
mond's place with • Charley ' Drews, but
he has secured a much faster man, he be
lieves. In'* the person ' of Mangerlna, the
Los Angeles catcher, who made a great
hit in the tournament games: at Central
Park some years since. He has been play
ing ball ever since and" Is in first-class
condition. ""Chiefs • Borchers has also
been signed by Ewing, and will probably
pitch the 'Sunday game. The Oaklands
were badly in need of another twirler and
Borchers ought ¦ tor lend strength- to the
team. \ The line-up for to-day's game fol
lows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Sullivan ...Catcher. . ..... Mar.Rerlna
Fitzpatriek... '....'. ......Pitcher... '.¦......•. . Steffanl
Pabtt; •......;....... First base.... .Hutchlnson
Schwartz.; ...Second base.'.. .. Dunleavy
Riley Third has? ...... Lanse
Ueltz :..'.../. Shortstop. . . .... . Francks
Ijevy .;..Lef t field. .. . . . . Mosklmon
Brockhoff .Center - field . .'. . , . Drennan
Hlldebrand :. .Right , field. ....... » .Hardie
The Young .'Friscos would like Ito hear
from any; team whose indlvidualage limit
is\ 13. ;¦ The personnel of '¦ this team is as
follows: . Roy McGowan, . pitcher: - G.
Connoly. catcher; - J. Fennle. first' base:
J.' IJnson,' second base; W.I Welch, third
base; 'E. Burrows, "shortstop;" W. ¦ Mead,
right field; F. Mack, center field; L.
Thomas, left field. Address all challenges
to C. " Burrows,: 17 .Germania avenue.' :
:..;¦.;' -.v" '— — i ¦ ? ¦ — — '¦ — Vv-'--. ','¦-•.. ¦
J. Kerrigan s ¦ Lightroot " has . whelped ; a
Utter of five puppies to the; same owner's
St. Lawrence. ¦ The latter, was accidental
ly, killed recently and this is the last litter
by^him.t,: 7 '- ' v " . •:•';_:,
OLYMPIC CLUB JOTTINGS.
The next cross country run of Olympic
Athletic Club wlll.be held on the 24th
Inst. The route will be from Blair's Park
to Laundry Farm over a stiff country.
Luncheon will be served at Laundry
Farm, where baseball and other games
will be piayed.
George Dawson, ex-amateur champion
swimmer of Ireland, is in the city. He
held the 100-yard. 220-yard and half-mile
championships. He will be seen shortly
in the Olympic Club tank, which he pro
nounces first-class for all forms of swim
ming competitions.
The- annual jjames of the Scottish This
tle Club will be held at Shell Mound Park
on July 4. The following events are
open to registered amateurs: 250-yard run,
half-mile run. pole vault and broad jump.
Captain George James of the Olympic
Club has .charge of the events.
Richmond Wants Concrete Walks.
At the last meeting of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club a resolution was Intro
duced and carried requesting the Board of
Public Works to place six-foot concrete
sidewalks on all the streets and avenues
lying between Point Lobos avenue and
Lake street and between First and Sixth
avenues. At present certain sections of
the Richmond district have the old three
foot wooden sidewalks, which, being in a
rotten condition, are declared a nuisance.
President George R. Fletcher announced
his intention to go East for three months.
TAIL ENDERS
MOVE UPWARD
Oakland and. Local Nines to
Break the Ice of Defeats and
Make Advances.
The tide of victories for the baseball
champions turned last week when Oak
land won two games of the series j with
Sacramento, the third played on the Oak
land grounds resulting in a tie. The rea
son of both defeats administered to the
hitherto invincible Sacramento team was
the erratic pitching of Doyle. Both his
performances. Saturday and Sunday af
ternoons, were anything but high class,
and the way. he was batted over the en
tire Recreation grounds in these games
with the Dudes caused strange misgivings
in the fanatics that held him in high
repute. ¦.* •
The second reversal, rather a sudden
surprise to all. was Uncle Hank's double
victory at Stockton. For many, a 'day
the local team has been celebrating a se
ries of unbroken defeats, and this ray of
gladsome light where utter gloom pre
vailed has aroused /he local team with a
portion of confidence. Then, again. Man
ager Harris is on the move to. strengthen
his team with famous old-time players.
The season is not so far advanced but
that with a timely pulling up the San
Francisccf nine might forge its way' into
the reckoning and be a party in the race
for the highest honors. ,
Oakland suffers a great loss in the de
parture of Schmcer and Hammond for
the northwest country. , The Butte team
will have these two men, in their: ranks
for the next four months and they will
probably not return to this city as: they
have been given good business, positions
in Butte. Hammond and Schmeer. stand
at the head of the Oakland batting col
umn ana their ¦ work in. their respective
positions was - of the first order. Ham
mond's loss will be felt particularly, as
he steadied his team and was just the
catcher for the Oakland twlrlers. • Dun
leavy will be brought in from right . field
to second, his old position; Francks going
to short. Ewing has signed Borchers,
who will alternate with Steffanl on the
slab/,:'/- ' ¦ ' ' ¦¦¦ ¦••" . • ¦ -Y,.':
• The spurt made by the ,tall-end« teams
last week succeeded in decreasing the dis
tance between themselves and the lead
ers The Sacramentos were caught at a
disadvantage, Doyle : not being in good
condition, and Hughes* being too 'careful
of his arm to attempt to pitch two games.
ANNUAL EVENT
ON THE COURTS
Tennis Men Are Preparing fop.
the Championship Tour-_
The usual ante-chamlonship tourna
ment scrap-^a - much ado^ about nothing
affair — occurred at the annual meeting of
the Pacific Coast Lawn Tennis Associa
tion during the week. It resulted, as it 1
always does, In the selection of the courts
at San Rafael as the location for the hold
ing of the championship singles tourna
ment of the Pacific Coast. There has al
ways been a disturbing element in the as
sociation, and this year bore no change
in | the condition of affairs.^' After much
useless and ridiculous altercation the San
Rafael courts were finally selected.
There is every promise that the cham
pionship matches this year will be as ex
citing and interesting as they were last
The entries will be more numerous and
the competition strong. Of course . the
tournament -will simmer down to a con
test between the Hardys and the Whit
neys. George Whitney, the present cham
pion of the coast, will have to fight the
Hardys for the continued possession of
his honors and prizes. The Oaklanders
are determined to give hard battle this
year and wrest the championship from the
San Franciscan. With this idea in view
the >Hardys will 'go through a : systematic
course of preparatory training to be In
proper condition for the event of th<-- year
• The practice at the " California Tennis
Club has fallen off during the past week
on account of unfavorable weather. Next
week the real practice for the Fourth ot
July, meet will begin.. On Sunday, a num
ber of the cracks will go over to San Ra
fael to try the courts. -The two Whitneys
and the professor of tennis at the Califor
nia Club, Joe Dally, will be among the
party. -¦ . ¦-• .••: : .ru, ; : - .-.;. : , - .
Hughes has an arm that cannot be trifled
with. The oil In the elbow joint will not
respond to over-exertion and <¦ the great
pitcher therefore nurses the supply.
The following table shows the standing
of the teams to date:
BURLINGAME EVENTS.
The members of Burlingame Country
Club are already planning outdoor pas
times for July 4. The programme as
now outlined calls for a pigeon shoot,
and a golf tournament; The former is
the second contest for the Frank J. Caro
lan trophy won last y*"ar by W. H.
Howard, and is open to members and their
guests who have shot on the club grounds
this year. The affair is a handicap at
twenty live pigeons.
The golf tournament Is for the Ponla
toweky cup, which was won last year bv
Miss Alice Moflltt, the brilliant repre*
sentatlve of the Oakland Golf Club. Miss
Alice Hoffman is considered the strongest
candidate for the honors this year, as
Miss Moffltt will probably, be an absentee.
For the members and their guests who
do not go in for the robust sports of the
field there will be an orchestral concert
on the clubhouse verandah during the af
ternoon.
Bookmakers in Court.
Bookmakers Corhett, Crowley, Schwartz
and Abrams appeared in Judge Murasky's
court yesterday to prosecute their action
for an Injunction to restrain Chief of Po
lice Sullivan from executing a threat to
close their establishments and confiscate
their, property. George D. Collins repre
sented the petitioners, while Henry Ach
represented the Chief of Police. Ach as
serted that there was no remedy for th.3
petitioners, as they were plainly violating
the law. Mr. Collins, however, differed
from opposing counsel and as the case
manifested signs of being long drawn out
Judge Murasky ordered a continuance un
til to-day, -i. >
UOMING PIGEON flying Is advancing rapidly on this coast, the number of birds owned here totaling several thou
sand. Two clubs, the California. Pigeon and Homing Society in this city and the Pacific Pigeon dub, Oakland, em-
I I brace all the enthusiasts and their birds are entered In every race. These sportsmen include H. C. Worth, John
x Filmer, J. S. Barnes, H. Van Cortebeck, H. L. Hemelright, William Hartery, C T. Marsh. C. W. Marsh and
others. In a 200-mile race .recently John Filmer's bird, registered R.374, flew at aft average spedcl of 133S yards per min
ute, the fastest time on this coast. J. S. Barnes' IX 217 is the champion young bird at -the distance. In Belgium, the
home of carrier pigaons, birds Hy 5<X> and 600 miles in a day. Here the conditions of the country. are against the birds
and 400 miles In a day is a record fly. The birds arc trained with the greatest care and attention. There Is a practical
side to the breeding and training of these. wonderful birds. The navy yard at Mare Island is equippel with a fine loft
and Is stocked with well-trained birds, which are used on Government vessels. During the war in South Africa they
have been found to be of. the greatest value. The birds were trained to return to a movable loft, the rirst time such a
thing was ever accomplished.
SWIFT COURSERS OF THE AIR FAMOUS FOR THEIR SPEED.
GAELIC TEAMS TO PLAY
FOOTBALL AT A PICNIC
Harmony Alliance Will Hold Its An
nual Outing at Schuetzen
Park.
Harmony Alliance No. 15, St. Patrick's
Alliance of America, will hold its annual
outing in Schuetzen Park to-morrow.
Arrangements have been "completed
for the picnic and an enjoyable time i3
anticipated. The Gaelic football teams
will play an exhibition game and there 1
will be races and other athletic features.
The committees are as follows:
Arrangements — Frank .A. O'Brien, chairman;
William Collins, secretary; James J, Dunn,
treasurer; John Ganey, John Noona* , C. L.
Sheehan, Thomas McKeon. .
Reception— C. L. Collins, chairman: Mur
phy, J. Brock. J. Kearns, J. Doyle, Thomas
Fay. J. C. Gllbride. D. Fitzgerald.
Games — Denis Murphy, chairman; J. J.
Wren, J. J. O'Brien, M. C. Corridan, J. M.
Leonard.
Floor— H. J. Caveny, manager; J. J. Wren,
assistant manager; J. Heffernan, George Mc-
Carthy.
BATSMEN AND BOWLERS.
The second series of cricket matches for
the pennant will be begun to-morrow on
the grounds at Webster street. Alameda,
between teams representing the Alameda
and Pacific Cricket clubs. The "AJameda
elcvr u will be chosen from the following:
R. B. Hoguc. J. H. Saunders. J. J. Mori
arty, F. J. Croll. Harold Ward, V. See
b*>ek. K. J. Murphy, \V. G. Fortman, F/
Stahl. H. AVard Sr.. \V. Richter, H. ¦ W.
Brown and G. J. Baugh. The Pacific rep
resentatives will be selected from J. My
ers. C P. Coles, George Theobald, J. J.
Theobald, A. B. Willis, H. C. Casidy, D.
Jamieson. W. Jamleson. L. H. Sandilands
A. W. Wilding, \V. McDonald, W. G. Sel
wood and E. K. Johnstone. When these
teams met on May 13 the Alamedas de
feated the Pacifies by 105 runs for a loss
of seven wickets, so that unless the Paci
fies pu!l themselves together their defeat
seems probable.
The secretary of the Santa Cruz Coun
try Club Cricket Club is desirous to ar
range the following matches with team3
of the city clubs: With the Alameda Club
on July 1 at Santa Cruz, return match at
Alarneda on September 9; -with the Call-'
fornia Club on July 4 at Santa Cruz, re
turn match at Alameda September 9;
with the Pacific Club at Santa Cruz on
July 2H. return match at Alameda Sep
tember 8.
OARSMEN ARE
READY TO RACE
Arlels and Pioneers Will Hold
an Aauatic Carnival at
Long Bridrje.
The Ariel and the Pioneer rowing clubs
will give a regatta and water carnival at
Long Bridge to-morrow, over a course of
about three-quarters of a mile with a
turn. No good regattas have taken place
at Long Bridge for some time, but it is
hoped to show to-morrcw that the old
time popularity of the course can be re
vived. Spectators will be able to see all
the events from start to finish. The races
will be over short distances and there
will be something going on all the time.
Refreshments will be served to the guests
of the clubs, and every effort will be
made to interest and entertain specta
tors. All the rowing clubs have been in
vited to attend and a large number of
oarsmen will be on hand.
The numerous swimming events in
which, some of the best swimmers in the
State will take part, will show the suit
ability of the course for swimming: races.
If the event turns out well, an effort will
be made to hold a regatta there on Julv
4. in which the South End, Ariel and Pio
neer clubs wiJl take part. J. Wilson. J. A
Geddes and E. J. Lynch have been ap
pointed a committee of the Ariels to con
fer with the two other rowing clubs In
this matter.
The first event en to-morrow's pro
gramme will be a four-oared barge race
between the intermediate and junior
crews of the Ariels. The Intermediate
crew is made up of Charles Wilson, bow
k -/^ P ? te T rs - No - 2 : Frank Loth. No. 3*.
and E. J. Lynch, stroke. This crew won
the junior barge championship at Kl
Campo last year. The junior crew is
composed of A. Keegan, bow: H. Foley
Si ,T E^S. mlth - No - 3 - and H - Luhrscn.'
stroke. This crew rowed second to th.-
Alamedaa at Belvedere recently, beatinir
crews of the South End. Olympic ana
Dolphin clubs. The second event Is a flf
ty-yard swimming race between E. Adams,
L. Horton, A. Brown and W. Harris
»Pli n f r -w L V, Ochs and Georse Callopy.
J?°th of the Pioneers, will row a one and a
half mile outrigger skiff race for the Alp
er s medal. In the old clothes swimming
race the entries are J. A. Geddes, L. Hor
ton \\. F. Harris. H. Foley and Archie
Taylor. A special outrigger skiff race
bteween William McCausland and Charles
\\ilson for the championship of the Ariel
Rowing Club is next In order. W. F
"arris and J. A. Geddes will take part in
a 220-yard swimming race. The seventh
event is a four-oared barge race between
crews 1 and 2 of the . Pioneers. Crew X
is made up thus: L. Noel, bow; F. O'N'eill,
No. 2; George Lawson. No. 3. and W.
Lawson, stroke, with E. Hause as cock
swain. Crew 2 is composed of W. St.
John, bow; Fred Orr. No. 2; G. Callopy,
No. 3. and C. L. Ochs. stroke, with R. J.
Espy as cockswain. A 100-yard swimming
race between A. Brown. E. Smith. Walter
loung, L. Horton and W. Harris Is next
on the programme, to be followed by a
r.elay race in outrigger - skiffs between
teams of the Ariel and Pioneer clubs. In v
a 220-yard' handicap swimming race J.
A. Geddes will be at scratch, W. Harris
receiving six seconds. H. Foley nine. F.
Adams ten. G. Young eleven. A. Brown
fourteen and L. Horton fifteen seconds.
The Wilson crew and the Ochs crew will
row over the course to test the compara
tive speed of the new Ariel and Pioneer
barges. Foley. Adams. Young and Brown
will contend in a relay swimming race ¦
Rgainst a team made up of Harris. Getl
d*a. Smith and Taylor. E. Stenberg and
Charles Wilson will pull In a shell race
and A. Brown. C. L. Ochs. J. Hardy.
George Callopy. R. Callopy. Roy Went
and Frank Loth will swim, in a race for
novice*. J?M. O'Connell and J. Ficken
will pull In outrigger skiffs.
The following are tfie officials in charge
of the day's contests: Starter, P. J. En
right; announcer. William Growney
Judges, J. T. Sullivan. Leander Stevenson
C. H. Smith and T. J. Sands; timers J
Ilrennan W. H. Wall. W. W. Blake and
E. P. McPonoughu The members of the
regatta committee are: J. G. McGlnness
(chairman), H. Foley. J. A. Geddes, W.
P. Harris and A. Brown.
TO RACE DOWN
FROM VALLEJO
San Francisco CluU Schooners
and Sloops Will Tru Rate
of Silling.
¦ Last Saturday and Sunday being open
«avp on t!ie programmes of the yacnt
clubs most of the yachtsmen contented
themselves with cruising in the upper bay.
About a score of craft flying the San
Francisco, Corinthian or California bur
pee anchored in Paradise Cove, among
them being the sloops Cygnu-. Thetis
Nixie. Siren, Juanita and Catherine of the
San Francisco* ; the sloop Surf of the Cali
fornia*, and several Corinthian boats. The
big schooners Aggie, Lurline, Clii.-pa and
Ramona were also out.
The San Francl^cos sail up to "\ allejo
to-dav and the Corinthian* cruise to Peta
luma" drawbridge. The Encinal* tevea
ladies' cruise to San Mnteo on their pro
rrlVnW. but the ™' :fr £ nia * h £ V< B a^
ornn day. To-morrow the South M>s
*M hold their annual race for the Martin
Doerr cup. and the Oakland canoeists * 11
sail out of the creek and pay a visit to
the Kncinal Boat Club men.
Next Saturday the California* will hold
the annual race for the Wallace trophy,
which is open to ail yachts enrolled in the
Vlub. The race is over the -ior.g courFP.
> fiom the narrow-gauge mole at Alameda
to and around Presidio Shoal buoy ami
return— a beat out and a run home. The
contestants will be the fiapship Krcibla.
the sloops Jessie E. Gypsie. Tholma, J ac
tolup. Aloha. Secret and Edna, with the
possible addition of L. S. Sherman s sloop
Royal, which will b*- in commission in a
. few day*. The prewnt holder of the
trophy is E. F. Sagar s sloop Ldna, but
judging from her performance in the an
nual race on Decoration day J. T. Car
rier's Jessie H seems a likely winner. All
vachts receive a time allowance based
lipon their racing Jpng"th. ¦__ -
Yacht owners of the San Francisco Club
are requested to start from Sausalito for
Vallejo at 3 p. m. To-morrow they will
race down from Vallejo to Sausallto. The
- fleet will he divided into two classes, class
I comprising the schooners Lurline. Ag
pie, Ratnona, Chl?pa and Virginia and the
f loops Nixie. Sappho, Harpoon, Rover and
Angela. In class 11 are included the sloops
Thetis. Aeolus. Cygnu?. Siren, Surprise,
Jlope and Catherine, the cutter Folly and
the yawl Phyllis. The course is oificially
r< ckbnc*d at twenty-six miles and the rac
ing length of yachts will be calculated at
half the load "water line plus the square
Toot of the sail area. Thi? is the regular
formula for determining the racing length
of a yacht for the purpose of reckoning:
the timo allowance to which she is en
titled, the San Franciscos having aban
doned the old plan of calculating the
"mean length" of each craft.
Boats in class II will start at 11 a. m.,
and will be allowed ten minutes within
which to cross the line, their time being:
token at the actual instant of crossing.
A prize will be given the yacht making
* the fastest corrected time In each class.
L Doud C. Lundin, F. Brown. H. Simon. L.
Smith, J. O'Brien. E. Bell. J. Mclntyre. A.
Baudain, J. Anderson. W. Cook. W. McCor
mtck. J. Heckett, L. Smith. G. Walnwright, J.
Lincon, 1. Thompson, F. Eames. \v. Duke.
Trick nnd fancy springboard diving— E. Ep
«person. J. Hanton. G. Charles. O. Misner. P.
Logan. G. Wallace. L. Bodie, J. A. Jackson. I*.
Hansboro. F. Brown. M. Irvlngr. W. Carroil. O.
Grueman, 71. RIdtnsr.
161. A round played to decide the first
place resulted in a tie, and another match
will be necessary. A. W. Bumiller made
a net score of 165. and R. W. S. .Porter's
gross loss handicap was 16*3.
TO PLANT NEARLY TEN
MILLION YOUNG TROUT
THE annual replenishment of trie
trout streams of California will be
commenced by the State Board of
Fish Commissioners during the lat
ter part of this month. Nearly ten
million of the favorite game fish of the
anglers will be distributed in. the public
streams, where they may be taken at will
within certain restrictions fixed by law.
From the Sisson hatchery 500,000 Loch
Leven and German brown trout fry will
be sent to Tahoe, Donner, Independence
and Webber lakes? These are the only
places where these varieties will be plant
ed. In addition to the fry for the lakes
the Commissioners report having 1,000,000
rainbow fry and 3,000,000 Tahoe fry (the
Mykiss) for distribution in the various
streams. This work will commence about
July 1 and will extend over a period of
three months. \
The Wawona hatchery has been a suc
cess during the past season. The waters
of Yosemite National Park will be stocked
from this hatchery. The Yosemite is fast
becoming a favorite resort of the fly fish
ermen, the lakes In the vicinity offering
them great inducements to test their skill.
The distribution from Ukiah hatchery
this season will be a record breaker. Su
perintendent La Motte has over 2,000,000
steelheads to place in the near-by streams.
As these are the native trout of the Rus
sian River watershed - the benefits to be
derived from their distribution should be
great in the years to come.
Sims, on the Upper Sacramento, attract
ed fourteen well-known fly casters last
week, the party staying at the Souther
place. The sport afforded was poor. One
fortunate angler took with a fly a Im
pound German brown trout from one of
the big pools. Both brown and I^ch Leven
trout were planted in the Upper Sacra
mento three years ago. The plant was a
small one, and upon the advice of several
experts on fish culture the Fish Commis
sion determined to plant no more, as the
fish. were paid to be more predacious and
less game than the native rainbow.
W. F. Bogart and A. S. Carman fished
the Sacramento in the vicinity of Slatonas
last week. The weather was warm and
the sport poor.
A. C. Freeman and P. J. Tormey fished
the Big- Stony, in Colusa County, last
week. They drove from Willows and
camped at what Is known as the "Pole
Gate." They found the stream high but
clear and report fishing exceptionally
good. Mr. Freeman affirms he saw more
landlocked steelheads in the pools than
were ever there before. The Big Stony
rises on Snow Mountain, Lake County,
and runs northeast through Colusa and
Glenn counties, entering the Sacramento
near Orland. It is the largest western
tributary of the Sacramento. The Big
Stony Is pronounced one of the best. If
not the best, brooks In the State. There
are several attractive resorts for anglers
at different points. Among the best of
these are the Goulding place at Stony
Favorite Lakes and Streams of the State
Will Be Replenished Wi£h the
Game Fish.
Ford and Foutz Springs, some ten miles
up the Canyon from Stony Ford.
F. G. Sanborn and F. P. McLennon left
on Friday morning for Stony Ford. They
go in by Willows, picking up J. W. Shanks
at that point as a guide.
Stockton and local anglers have been
greatly interested in the arrests made at
Salt Springs Valley reservoir, near Mil
ton, Calaveras County, by Deputy Charles
Vogelsang of the Fish Commission. The
reservoir is one of the largest artificial
bodies of water in the State, being about
twenty miles in circumference. The dam
was built thirty years ago. Some four
years since the Fish Commission planted
300 adult black bass and 3000 small
mouthed black bass fry in the lake and
they have propagated remarkably. Some
large catches were made last year. The
people near the reservoir apparently do
not understand the law, which prohibits
the taking of bass between January 1 and
July 1 of each year. The arrests will go
far toward impressing them with the pro
visions of the law. The men were accom
panied by their families, but out of gal
lantry Mr. Vogelsang did not place them
in custody. One 11-year-old girl caught a
small-mouthed bass weighing two and a.
half pounds. When the season opens
some of the local anglers will test their
skill on the fish.
Tourist travel has already set in to Lake
Tahoe, and some fine catches of trout
have been made by trolling in the vicin
ity of Tahoe City and Tallac.
W. S. Tevis and wife have already gone
to the lake, having opened their beautiful
cottage on the lake shore near Tallac for
the season.
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler and family
left on Thursday night for the McCloud
River. Their new country house, pro
nounced the finest of its kind in the State,
is ready for occupancy.
The officers of the Chicago Fly-casting
Club have accepted the trophy offered by
the San Francisco Fly-casting Club for
competition at their championship tour
nament to be "held in August. The Chi
cago Club officials Ftill desire the donors
to name the conditions. As they do not
desire to do so it will probably be offered
the man making the highest general aver
age in all the events at the tournament.
These include distance, accuracy and deli
cacy with the fly and distance and accu
racy with the lure. The diffidence on the
part of the local club members In naming
conditions is due to the fact that they wilt
be. represented by W. D. Mansfield and A.
E. Lovett in the tournament, and they do
not wish 'to win their own medal.
.As Secretary Horace Smyth will not re
turn from his European trip until late In
tha present month the complimentary din
ner at which he was to have been enter
tained by the fly-casting club members
has been postponed until July.
Colonel C. G. Young will leave early in
July for the south fork of the American
River, where he win remain some time
enjoying the excellent fishing which the
place offers.
George Walker sent two dozen trout
from Sims on Wednesday. The largest
measured fourteen Inches.
F. A. Foote caught fifteen salmon at
Santa Cruz some days since. The largest
weighed thirty pounds.
AT the .next mooting -of the Inter
stale Coursing Club steps will be
taken to so increase the value of
the John Grace cahaJlenge cup
MaJce as to make it second in im
portance to the classic Eng!5sh Waterloo.
If the plan as mitLJiacd is easTLed into ef
iect the date of iMs fixture in the leash
man'« calendar will be changed from Feb
" ruary. when hares are not ax their best,
to September or October. It will thus be
coursw^d for for the second time this year,
Alfred Curtis' Luxor having w-on it last
February- All the conditions will be
changed to be in accord with those gov
erning the "Waterloo. The stake will be
limited to sixty-four dogs, each member
of th« club being allowed but one nomina
tion. There are 120 members in the club,
but it is taken for granted that many of
these will not have a. dog <*f sufficient
"class" to be sent to the slips. The entry
' fee will be $50 for each do& making * a
total of $3200. It is expected that the di
rectors of Urfon Coursins Park, where
the stake will be decided. wDl add a like
emoum. making a total rrSse of $6100.
This would I** divided— $1WW to the win
ner, $TV) to the runners xxp, third and
fourth ?400 each nsid others in proportion.
There would also be special prizes for the
dogs btaten by Oie ultimate winner and
the runner up in the first round. Under
this proposed arranpemeni only sixteen
c.f the original sixty-four entries would
' pet no money.
The prizes an the largest ever offered
liere. The stake was worth 5750 to the
winner In February last. The largest
ji'jrse ever won in California was $?00, by
JamfF Dean's Mialmo, at Merced. To se
cure this big first prize the remainder had
to be cut down until they were insignifi
cant. Persons interested .have canvassed
The coursing men; and affirm tha* no diffi
culty •will be experienced in filling the
Ftake if the proposed change go into ef
fect.
The ladies' day champion stike. one of
the Interstate Club's big events, will be
decided next Sunday at Union «,oursing
Park. The stake is limited to sixteen
dog« The prineijial kennels have Mrured
ncmin<ttions. so that the starters will be
drawn from the following dogs: For Free
•ioni Rural Artist. Royal A one, Chicago
* Boy Spiteful. Ma-stcr Clair. Fine Fire, ;
Svivanus, Warship. Royal Union. Mose.
Beacon. Luxor. Whitehead. Crawford
¦Lad Palo Alto. Irelan.i, iXerwatel'a Pride.
Royal Flush. Sir Pasha and Theron. The
dogs need not be named until the night of
the draw, thus giving: owners the oppor
tunity of entering the dog which has done
t><-st in' training-. For Frwiiom, the un
beaten, has stood the conditioning process ]
• wvll and should be at his Uest when called
tinon. In Beacon. Luxor. Palo Alto, Royal
Flush and Warship he will meet the fast
est greyhounds; in America.
A special stake »iiii fourteen dogs of j
class entered r.nd a reserve stake of 104 j
Leashmen Take Steps to Arrange the Rich
est Stake Ever Coursed For by
American Greyhounds*
entries will be decided to-day and to
morrow at Union Park. The class stake
attracted a number of the champion dogs
which will be seen in the ladies' day stake
next week. Coursing will begin to-day
upon the arrival of the 11 a. m. train.
At Ingleside the sport will begin at 12
o'clock. Ninety-six dogs are entered. The
winner is expected to turn up from among
Greenball, Mayflower, Bohe, Flower ol
Hold, Morning Glory, Lottie M, Lexington,
Golden Rule or Tea Rose. . •
In compiling the greyhound studbook
for the year the officials in charge find
many errors to be corrected. These were
all made gome years ago. ' when dogs
would run without registration, as little
attention was paid to that point. The
keeper of the studbook lived in Denver,
where all American greyhounds were reg
istered. Owners neglected their obliga
tions in this respect, with the result that
there are several dogs bearing the same
name. T. J. Cronin's Wild Xralee and
Rose of Tralee have their namesakes In
the East. The latter are registered, while
the Cronin dogs have never been properly
recorded. Sir Hugo, Miller's Rab, Ba
bazin and Tullamnre do not appear In
the stud books, although they were noted
dogs in their day. All these delinquencies
will be corrected in the forthcoming vol
ume.
Fred Price has assumed the manage
ment of the greyhounds in training be
longing to R. E. de B. Lopez & Son.
These include Whitrhead, Pepita, Carmen
cita* Crawford" Priory, Crawford Rex and
other flyers.
Tommy Murnane. one. of the 'cleverest
of the youthful handlers of dogs, has en
tered the employ of Eugene Geary.
Pasha kennels have some promising
youngsters by For Freedom. They are
ten months old and are out of Beauty
Spot and Miller's Rabbie. There is also
an eleven months old sapling by I Firm
Friend-Bona. which is expected to show,
well. He weighs seventy-two pounds and
will be allowed to mature before he is
coursed.
\V. C Olaspon has lost through pneu
monia iwo promising young greyhounds.
They were fourteen months old and were
by ilnghie. out of Joy Bells.
Frank McComh has bought the white
and brindle greyhound Patriot, by States
man-Wizard, from James Anthony. The
price was $200. Patriot finished a good
third in the Wednesday stake at Union
Park this week.
J. H. Rossoter's Fortuna Favente. run
nr-r-up to Thoughtless Beauty for the En
glish Waterloo of 1S?<>. will be shown to
morrow at Union Coursing Park." . '/-
J. O'Shea's Young America has been
mated with A. Johnson's Mountain Beau
ty and with R. Strehl's Annie Rooney.
P. Reilly's Colleen has been bred to T.
J. Cronin's Wild Tralee.
The name of J. Murnane's Wlldwood
has been changed to Wild way. The same
owner's Miss Dividend has whelped a lit
ter of puppies to Flashlight.
Thomas Maher's Benicia- Maid has
whelped alitter of eight puppies to Aeneld
ker.n«*!s* Pretender. Six are dogs.
Ous Abercrombie's diminutive grey^
hound Miss Rabbit has whelped a jitter
of ten puppies to Emin Pasha.
WILL MAKE GRACE CUP
RIVAL THE WATERLOO
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,: JUNE 9, 1900.
SPORTS
Sacramerjto 15 9 24 .625
Stockton :. 12 "1 12 24 .500
Oakland 10 12 22 .454
San Francisco . 110 14 24 .416
Sacramerjto 15 9 24 .625
Stockton :. 12 "1 12 24 .500
Oakland 10 12 22 .454
San Francisco . 110 14 24 .416Mail From Dawson.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
VICTORIA, June 8.— The steamer Amur
reached Comox to-night. She brings the
first returning. Klondikcrs this season and
the Dawson mail. '. -
Clayson's Body Found.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 8.— A Times spe
cial from Tacoma, Wash., says: M. J.
Henny, who hns returned from Skaguay,
reports the finding of the body of Fred
Clayson, the murdered bicyclist, on a
sandbar below the rapids. Nothing was
learned of the preservation of the body,
but it was identified by the clothing and
the marks of pedals on the shoes and cer
tain other marks. A" reward of 51000 had
been offered for the recov%-y of the body.
Blow Causes Lockjaw.
ANAHEIM, June 8.— John Rogers is dy
ing with lockjaw as the result of an as
sault made by George Dlckson at Fuller
ton a weeK ago. Rogers claims Dlckson
assaulted ¦ him, while Dickscn claimed he
acted in self defense. . -*y.".A ~ ¦'-':
Oro Fino Entertains.
Oro Fino Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, entertained a large num
ber of its friends last night in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building, which
had been tastefully decorated with potted
plants, ferns and other greens. The feat
ures of the programme were vocal selec
tions by Catherine Holland, M. AlcCor
mack, Pearl Van Meter and the Athenian
Quartet; violin solo by Phebe Gibson, and
••The Oid Maid's Lament.": This was by
six members of < the parlor, who told of
their woes In song, each being attired in
long white gowns. Then followed an_even
ing of dancing. » _ .
ENGLISH STILL OPTIONAL.
Reform Conference in Berlin.
Unexpected Action Taken by School
BERLIN. June 8.— The National School
Reform Conference was continued to
day. Despite the expressed wish of Em
peror Willinm that English should be ef
fectually taught in the Gymnasium, a
majority of the delegates decided to leave
the status of the English as It Is now,
which means English instruction begin
ning on the average at the age of 17. and
then being only optional, like Hebrew.
This decision Is surprising, because the
Congress of German Nea-Philologlcal
teachers in Lslpsic has just passed upon
the independence of Increased study in
English and o* employing Englishmen as
instructors.
Will Investigate Alcoholism.
BERLIN, June 8.— Dr. Studt, Prussian
Minister of Education, has just instruct
ed the statistical bureau to collect ma
terial regarding the disastrous effects of
alcoholism upon the nation.
WANT A PUBLIC PARK
MADE OF FOREST LANDS
The Sempervlrens Club, composed of
men and women Interested in the p're
servation of the forest lands of this State,
met last night at. the Palace Hotel for the
discussion of the feasibility of the pur
chase of the bis basin region of the Santa
Cruz Mountains. Charles -Wesley Reed
presided.
The discussion was on the means neces
sary to secure the preservation of these
lands. The club will in the near future
take such action as is necessary to pre
sent the matter to the State or the Fed
eral government, both of which will be
asked to assist In the purchase of this
land, which covers 35,(Km) acres, and to
transform it into a big public park. .
Those who addressed the meeting were
Wallace W. p:verett. United States Divis
ion of. Forestry; Professor Zenger of
California, Professor Dudley of Stanford
and Captain P. L. Clark. . r ,.
Lands a Few Heavy TJppercuts on an
Intrudor Wco Spoks Insultingly
to His Wife.
Special Dispatch to Th? Call.
NEW* YORK, June 8.— A special to the
World from Newport, R. I., rays: Mrs.
Herman Oelrlchs waa walking about the
grounds of her new villa on Bellevue ave
nue, early on Thursday evening, when she
met a stranger prowling around the erem
ites. Mrs. Oelrichs Inquired his business
ar.d receiving an unsatisfactory reply,
ordered him from the grounds. The
stranger made an insulting remark and
refused to go. At this point Mr. Oelricha
appeared on the scene unexpectedly. What
followed was of short duration, as Mr.
Oelrichs landed a few uppercuts*. cross
counters and short-arm punches that set
tled all further argument. When the in
truder recovered from the effects of the
shock he ran wildly from the grounds.
TO END iLABOR TROITKLES.
Building Trades Council in Kansas
City Decides to Dissolve.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 5.— The
Building Trades" Council decided by a
unanimous vote to-night to dissolve. This
action, It Is believed, will put an end to
the labor troubles in Kansas City, as the
principal grievance of the contractors
who recently declared a lock-out- against
the unions wa<» the sympathetic strike
annoyance originating through tKa
Trades Council.
A week er" the council ordered a gen
eral strike of all the building trades m
the city, but the Individual unions did nut
as a rule heed the order.
lle-w Bowling Record.
DUBITQUK. Iowa, June 8.— Georga
Schreir.cr of this city established a new
bowling record to-day by making a icore
of 257 In a single same.
HERMAN OELRICHS
SWINGS ON A TRAMP
He Beats the Fight and Has a "Win
ning Ticket in Love's
Lottery.
Zlck Abraham, the book
maker and poolsellcr. has announced to
his friends that on Monday next he will
desert the ranks off bachelordom to be
come a benedict. Zick, in order to con
vince his associates that he had a "lea.l
pipe" on the proposition, produced a $2
mutual issued by "Cupid" Da'nforth,
which will be honored on demand.
The young lady to whom the light pro
moter has given his promise to be home
early every night after this week is Mins
FlosVie Blake, the daughter of the late J.
Blake, a pioneer shoe merchant of Hn.n
Francisco, who resides with her sister.
Mrs. J. J. Murray, at 717 Golden Gate
avenue.
The wedding will be a quiet affair and
the couple wlli on Tuesday morning start
for Kansas City, where they will sojourn
for two weeks at the residence of Mr.
Abraham's parents. If the groom can
spare the time it is his intention to visit
Chicago, New York and Washington be
fore returning home. Zick crave out to
the "bovs" last night that his winnings
on the Nelll-Moffatt fight would carry him
through on his trip, with money to spare.
LUCKY ZICK ABRAHAM
CASHES BOTH WAYS
YOUNG PETER JACKSON.
DENVER, June 8.— At the Colorado
Athletic Association to-night Young
Peter Jackson of San Francisco was
given a well-earned decision over Kid
Parker of Denver at the end of a ten
round-go at 140 pounds. Jackson was full
weight while the Kid tipped the beam at
137 pounds. The fighting was the fastest
and the battle the best ever witnessed in
this city. Science was thrown to the
winds and both men Indulged in their fa
vorite form of fighting, that of mixing
things. ,
Parker began with a rush and continued
to close in on Jackson for several rounds.
His stiff punches and uppercuts and Jabs
did not seem to affect Peter much, who
would frequently counter hard. Peter
started in to hold the Kid. and for two
rounds hung on to him, with the result
that Parker's wind was seriously weak
ened. For this offense Referee Billy
Woods cautioned Jackson repeatedly,
and had other matters been equal Par
ker would have earned the decision
through Peter's breach of the rules. At
different periods in the battle both men
were worn and tired and either might
have gone out v.Ith but little etort on the
part of the other. But in the last minute
of the tenth round and during a mix when
both were hammering each other with ut
ter disregard for accurate aim Peter halt
ed, brought his right over to the Kid's
jaw and jabbed a stiff left into his right
eye, flooring him. where he remained
nearly the limit. He was groggy when he
arose and managed to keep away from
Jackson, who seemed to lack the energy
to go after him until the gong sounded
for the close of the round.
The referee pointed to Jackson, who sat
silently in his corner while Biddy Bishop,
his manager, caressed him tenderly.
Parker was tho favorite in the betting at
"5 to 10, and much mency was lost by the
Parker followers.
The most Interesting preliminary was
between Fred Maynard, the Jockey, and
Dave Boyce, a local, who fought at 104
and 114 pounds respectively. Maynard got
the decision.
¦TFp FTER posing !n the ring at W'ood
,/ \\ wards Pavilion last night for the
jj — \ major portion of ten rounds Al
° Neill was suddenly and effectively
knocked out by Jark Moffatt. the Chi
rapoan, in the middle of the eleventh
round. / l."p to the very end the Califor
r.an fairly toyed with his opponent, the
attempts of the latter to liurt him being
bo farcical as to excite the ridicule of the
spectators.
In the sixth round the house vras in an
uproar. Neill stood in the middle of the
ring and let Moffatt lilt at him without
en attr-m.'it at hitting back. Aloffatt.
r '.. rw boxer as he is. seemed bewildered.
»ill stood with his hands at his side or
v.aved thtra about his head, leaving a big
t.irget at which Moffatt could shoot. The
latter tri«><3 all he knew to land on Neill,
but wherever he planted a glove there
NeiH ha<I his glove as a fender to ward
off damage. Moffatt was intensely in
earnest throughout the fight, trying every
art and artifice at his command to land
en effective blow. Ills very earnestness
iiimost set the spectators to Jeering, his
t fforts seemed so futile.
At t!mes during the fight he succeeded
in landing, but up to the end there seemed
r.o force behind his blows. That this was
deeepUve wes proved when the end came.
This was In the eleventh round, when
Nelll'B friends were becoming restive at
his apparent disinclination to go in and
win. as. from every outward appearance,
t-.e scorned capable of doing at any mo
ment he set himself going. Moffatt never
ceased trying, and in the eleventh he land-,
ed the blow for which he had been trying
throughout the fight.
He swung wildly with his right and
caught Neill on the point of the chin. It
was a palpable fluke, but it touched a
vulnerable point. Neill's knees bent un
der him and his oyes bulged out. The
spectators knew instantly and Instinctive
ly that Neil! had received his first knock
out and that the Idol of the followers of
boxing had bees shattered. Neill was
pame to the end, however, and tried to
stem the torrent of defeat.
His h^a-i did not clear quickly, but he
backed away from his merciless opponent,
knowing that in retreat lay his only hope
of saving him«=elf. Moffatt in his f>ager
noss to win whs striking wildly at Neill's
head, missirg the majority of the blows
he aimpd at him. He finally backed him
up against the ropes and Neill went down
¦under a perfect whirlwind of rights and
lefts on the head.
He fell to the lower rop*», on which his
body balanced. He would have pitched
headlong to the floor of the building had
not willing hands boon raised to help him.
He was assisted to his feet, a defeated
man, when Moffatt, whom Referee
Welch had not noticed standing at his
side, sent his right to Neill's head. The
latter fell like a. log. this time being ren
dered entirely unconscious. He was car
ried to his corner, where he soon revived.
The Pavilion was in an uproar by this
time. The police drew their clubs and
cleared the rlns of the crowd which
surged Into It. Moffatrs ! seconds were
delirious at the unexpected turn affairs
had t3ken. They hugged their man and
kissed him.
Moffatt. as he passed Neilj^ reached over
arid kissed him, apparently not knowing
what be was doing. Neill recovercu
quickly and left the ring crying.
He was a 2 to 1 favorite in all the bet
ting. The mutuels at Harry Corbett's
paid $14 70 on each dollar invested.
Moffatt Takes Neill's Old Corner.
Ncill was the first to enter the ring.
He wore a sack coat, his only other cloth
ing being his boxing uunks. Moffatt fol
lowed him shortly afterward, clothed in
a long bathrobe, which gave him an unu
sually tall appearance. He went over and
*;hook hands with Neill and at the same
time the seconds were crossing to corners.
Neill had taken the southwest corner, the
one In which he generally fights, but Mof
fatt'B second won the toss and insisted
on his man having that corner. There ,
wis the " usual midring conference. In
which Referee Welch, the two principals
and their seconds ail took an animated
part. Neill illustrated several blows, ap
parently trying to demonstrate what it
meant to hit in the clinches.
When the bell finally sent the men to
gfther Moffatt started at once on the ag
gressive, backing Nelll into a corner,
where he landed right and left lightly on
the body. Neill then worked his way out
of the corner and stumbled, leaving an
opening for Moffatt. which the latter was
not quick to avail himself of. The style
of boring of the two n»en proved similar
mid they seemed built en almost the same
lines. Neill assumed his crouching posi
tion frequently. Moffatt stood up straight.
He landed a left in the face and got one
in return. He came back again with an
other left In the face.
At this time Neill seemed suffering from
Etige fright, ard be did not recover from
it for a couple of rounds. As the men
came tocether In the second round Neill
I left a decided opening which Moffatt over
i looked. He, however, landed a light up
! percut en the face and then a hard right
on the body, having Xeill again In the
corner. The men had been fighting two
I minutes In this round when some one at
the rir.gside raised the cry that the elec
tric clock had stopped. There v.-jis mo
j mentary confusion, but the referee sent
the men together again. Moffatt was
again the aggressor at the outset of the
third round, out Neill came back at him
and lanO.fi some stiff body blows. Moffalt
was not to be denied, and lunded threo
j tin-.es on head and body, shaking Neill up
, considerably. lie landed two more on the
j body and kept at his work steadily. Xeill
; lav.ded a ri;;ht on the heart and followed
j with two light lefts on the face. Moffatt
j Staggered Neill with a It-ft and got three
j in quick succepplon on the head. At the
! bell NeiJl was doing the better work, and
j Moffatt p»vmed slightly in. distress. ¦ . I
Neili's Marvelous Shiftiness.
In the fourth round Neill puzzled Mof
. fatt With nis marvelous shiftiness on hia
i fet>t. They commerced to mix matters
! seriously for the linn time In this round,
i Neiil hammering- Moffatt all over the ring.
i Moffatt took ail his blows, which must
i have bec-n punishing ones, and came back
i lighting hart". He landed both right and
j left and then jabbed the local man twice
in the face with lefts. In a hot exchange
Neill landed right and left, but Molfatt
was trying all the time. The Chicagoan
drove Neill into the latter's corner Just
| before the bell and punished him severely
on the ropes.
The pace slowed down noticeably in the
fifth round, although Moffatt never ceased
trying. He opened proceedings by landing
left in stomach and Jabbed with his left
for the face. He caught Xeill off hla
guard a. moment later and landed again
on the body, but not doing any damage.
! Neill caught Moffatt coming toward him
j just before the end of the round with his
j right, but did no damage.
The spectators seemed to scent the end
j of the tisht when the sixth round opened,
j and many left their seats. They seemed
to think that Neill would commence to
do his fighting and once in action that
he would end the fight abruptly. Neill
I commenced hi« posing at this point and
j made a monkev of Moffat. He first :
I jabbed him in the face and then stood in
t the middle of the ring and throughout
i the round l*t Moffat- hit at him at will.
It was a marvelous exhibition of blocking.
Neill's body seemed fairly upholstered
with boxing gloves. He would leave his
body unprotected apparently, but when
1 Moffat tried to plant his glove on any
I part of NeiH's anatomy the latter's glove
j was there to break the force of the blow.
The spectators cheered the showing, but
the undercurrent of conversation was to
the effect that Neill should attend more
closely to the business in hand and not
! show off. The seventh round was one of
j inaction, neither man doing much work.
Neill's best blow was a hard right on
' the hend. while Moffat landed one on the
I body and in doping in got a light right
! and left in return.
Neill was the aggressor throughout the
eighth round. He landed a left on the
j h^a'l after consuming a lot of time in
feinting. He tried a hard right swing
for the head, but was wide of his mark.
His efforts were all directed for a time
to landing this blow. Moffatt seemed all
at sea for a time and apparently did not
know? -what to do.
Neill was the aggressor in the ninth
round, missing a right swing and then
Jabbing Moffatt on the nose. Neill landed
a left on the face and a right on the
body, but Moffatt came back and stag
gered him with a right on the throat.
Nciil continued his Jabbing on the nose
and staggered Moffatt in a mix-up with
a right on the body. Just before the bell
Moffatt ?ent Neill's head back with a
straight right on the nose.
Neill bad all the better of the early part
of the tenth round. He landed a left
hook on the jaw and then ducked under a
lot of swings from Moffatt. He kept
clo«e to Moffatt's guard and the latter
could do nothing. Moffatt suddenly came
back at Neill and landed several rights
and lefts which shook the latter up.
Moffatt's Wild and Fatal Swing.
At the beginning of the Eleventh round,
which proved so fatal to Neill, the Call
fornlan seomed as fresh as when he start
ed. The pace livened and Neill's friends
were confident that the end was in sight
and that their man would be an easy win
ner. Moffatt was the first to show, land
ing a left on the face, which caught Neill
going away and doing no damage. Neill
gave a hard right in return and then Mof
fatt swung wildly at him with his right.
The blow caught Neill on the vital- point
of the chin. His knees bent under him j
and his eyes seemed as though about to
pop out of his head. Moffatt wa^ quick
to see hi? advantage and landed several
rights and lctts on Neill's head. The lat
ter retreated, having recovered • his senses
In a degree, but Moffatt followed him
around the ring. He was too excited to
land the finishing blow and missed a
number cf desperate swings at Neill's
head He finally backed Neill up aga'nst
the ropes en the northern end of the ring
nnd knocked him down until his body was !
Suspended on the lower rope. Neill was |
dazed and Referee Welch helped him to
Moffatt was standing to the left of [
Wolch and slightly behind him. As the ,
referee placed Neill on his feet Moffalt j
took deliberate aim at his chin and felled j
him with a blow which resounded through !
out the building and above the uproar
caused by the spectators. This Alme Neill
vras completely out. and Moffatt was de
clared the winner.
The proposed fifteen-round bout between
Willie Cole and Toby lrwin was stopped
I by Police Lieutenant Anderson In the
fourteenth round and was declared a draw*
by Referee Welch. The Interference of the
police seemed uncalled for, as neither man
had been hurt and there seemed no likeli
hood of either cf them being injured. Cole
was the apgressor in many of the rounds.
! He seemed to lami the most blows and
I had suffered but little punishment. He
seemed entitled to the decision by a small
margin, lrwin could not use his left with
, any d«gree of accuracy. Cole blocking It
! every time it was launched.
• u hen the bell sent the men together
for the first round Cole at once was on
; the aggressive and tried to corner lrwln.
but failed to do iw. lrwin landed his left
twice but without damage and got a stiff
i;ght in return. Cole hit while the men
were clinched and was warned bv the
referee. There was one spell of slugging
out of which the men came unscathed.
The rounu was a pretty exhibition of
boxing. <;
Cole opened proceedings in the second
round with a right which staggerer] lr
win lrwin came back with left twice on
the body Cole triod a left for the face
ar.d landed after which lrwin had the
V e £v H 1^- sharp mlx »P- lrwin again
Jabbed him in the face. Cole showing
some signs of distress from his exertions
and from some body blows. lrwin land
ed a left in the face at the end of the
round which sent Cole's head back with
a snap The round ended with more slug
ging the boxers standing up, giving blow
tor blow without regard to their defence.
Cole sailed in again in the fourth round
lrwin depending on jabbing to keep him
away Cole backed him into a corner and
landed a stinging blow flush on th«
mouth. lrwin kept trying with his left
for the body but Cole caught him with
a right each time.
Cole landed left on the mouth at the
opening of the fifth round and had lrwin
hacking away. In a clinch Cole played
a tattoo on Irwin's body about the kid
neys. Cole went down near the end of
if . ro ' lnd , f , ron ? a rignt on tn e mouth
which drew blood. He stayed down nine
seconds In the sixth round Cole landed
both right and left on the body, and in
a clinch turned toward the referee and
lrwin nearly caught him napping. Ho
landed, but his aim was not good and thi>
blow did not prove effective. Cole ducked
a heavy left and just at the bell landed
a left on tho face. The seventh round
in its early stage was all Irwin's. He
landed a lrft swing hard in the face
nearly knocking Cole through the ropes
This only stirred up the latter and he '
came back lighting fast. The crowd
hissed Irwin for striking at Cole when
the latter was recovering from a stumble ;
caused by a wet spot in the ring near his !
corner. The pace slowyd down In the
f'jg'Jtn round, neither man doing much
effective work and devoting most of their
time to feinting. The ninth whs livened
up p. bit and In this Irwin's left eye was |
opened and bled rather freely. I
The tenth round was Blow, being chiefly
notable from the viciousness displayed bv
Cole. The eleventh round was all Cole's
He opened ud Irwin's wounded eye and
toward the end of the round landed right
and left several times on the face. In I
the twelfth Cole again onened proceedings !
and was hissed for using his elbow Im
mediately lifter he was applauded for
E«&e clover work in Irwin's corner The
thirteenth was Irwin's round. Cole slow
ing down considerably. In the fourteenth
and last round Cole left his corner fai-ly
on the run for lrwin. He landed two lefts
in the face without serious damage when
the police stopped proceedings.
The first preliminary was between
George Curran and Kid Finnerty and was
won by the former in the seventh round
George Green, Finnerty's second threw
up the sponge to save his man from in
evitable defeat. In tho early rounds of
the fight Finnerty had a lead, but try as
he would he could not stop Curran. . The
latter stood a lot of punishment and then
came back at Finnerty, beating him to a
standstill. Finnerty then went down re
peatedly to avoid punishment. He bled
profusely from a bad cut over the right
eye from an injury he received in • the
third round. The fighting throughout was
of the hurricane order, the amount of
punishment the youngsters stood and the
pace at which they fought being a mat
ter of surprise to the spectators. J. A
McGinley acted as referee.
«
Policing the Fight.
While the public school building on Tel
egraph Hill was on fire on Wednesday and
the lives of 500 children were endangered
the Police Department could spare but
one patrolman and a sergeant to handle
the crowd and assist In saving the chil
dren. Last night at the prizefight there
was a squad of twelve men in charge of a
lieutenant of police and a sergeant. They
hampered the people who had tickets of
admission, many not being able to'caln
admittance to the building. fe
Second Attempt at Suicide.
C. S. Singleton, residing at 378 San Car
los avenue, made' a second attempt to
end his life yesterday morning, but only
succeeded in producing a superficial
wound on his neck, which .was -stitched
,£t the City and County Hospital He
went to a. bathroom at , his residence
locked himself in and drew the blade of a
kitchen knife across his throat. His wife
forced the lock and found him on his
knees over the bathtub, with blood flow
ing from his neck. Singleton will . be
brought before the Commissioners of In
sanity to-day.
There are* in Belgium 10,800 teachers,
about the same number as in Kentucky. I
As Caricaturist Warren Saw Well-Known Sportsman at the Ringside.
CINCINNATI, June 8.— Jockey June
Perkins eot an awful fall In the second
race at Newport to-dayv' The boy was on
Hal Hoadley's fiily Tcmlalta and. had a
gObdVposition in the bunch coming down
the stretch. He saw a chance to come
through on the rail and attempted to force
his mount to the front. The filly sot in
a Jam and crashed into the fence, throw
ing Terkins against a post. The boy was
picked up in an unconscious condition and
sent to St. Elizabeth Hospital at Covlng
ton. He Is Injured Internally and will
probably die.
Perkins is a colored boy, 20 years of
age, and has been riding for T. H. Stevens
of Lexington, at which place he resides.
The surprise of the day was the victory
of The Laundress at odds of 150 to 1 In
the second race. II. Wilson rede three
winners. Weather tine; track fast. Re
sults:
Six i furlongs, selling— Kd Roth won. Lady
Kent Tiecond, Hawthorne Princess third. Time.
1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— The Laundress
won. Lyror B^ll second, Empress Llghtfoot
third. Time. :5S'/j.
One mile. Felling— Rctha won, Flnem Resplce
second. Brightie S third. Time. 1:43. '
One mile and an eighth, selling— Nettle
Regent Won., Virgie O second, Zelmet third.
Time. 1:15.
Five furlong?. sei'ilng-Hlobert Morrison won,
Problem second, NMtrate third. Time. 1:03.
Six furlongs, selling— Irla won. Margaret
Hnpeman second, L>r. S. C. Ayres third. Time.
1:15*4.
ST. LOUIS, June 8.— Eocrys and Easter
Card were the only winning favorites to
day. Results:
Five furlongs — Koorys won. Adelante second,
St. Sedna third. Time, 1:03%.
Five furlongs— Amoroso wen, Sophie S sec
ond. Pirate's Daughter third. Time. 1:03.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Judge War
dell w#n, Theory sscond. Elbe third. Time.
1 ***2
Six • furlongs— Viol Vance won. Klnc's High
way second; Lady Cnllafcan third. Time, 1:14.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Tickful
won, Capron second. Cathedral third. Time.
1 "43*4
One mile nn<l seventy yards, selling— Easter
Card won. Mystery second, Annie OldflelO
third. Time, 1:46%.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Alternate sun
and showers marred the racing to-day at
Gravesettd, but the track was not harmed.
Results: (
One mile and three-quarters, hurdles— Hardy
Pardee won, Lackland second, Monroe Doctrine
third. Time. 3:17. •
Five furlongs — Glenellls won. Janice second.
Lady Georg-iana third. Time, 1:01.
Six furlongs— Trumpet won, Hesper second.
Gold d'Or third. Time, 1:13 2-5. "
One mile ana a sixteenth— McMeekln won.
Toddv second. Peep o' Day third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Vouch won. Fleet
"Wing second. Six Shooter third. Time. 1:03 3-3.
About six furlongs, selling— Kensington won.
Pink Domino second, Grayless third. Time,
1:11.
CHICAGO, June 8. — Hawthorne's first
meeting 1 closed to-day with conditions un
favorable to the running of the I1S00
Hawthorne stake for tiro-year-olda. The
track was nasty and sticky. Two of the
best youngsters in the West went to the
po«t— Miss Bennett and Silverdale. The
latter won very easily and Mis& Bennett
v-as beoten for the place ¦ by ¦ Invictua
Miss Dennett has been worked little
since corning from St. Louis on account
of the bad track and was hardly fit. Har
lem opens to-morrow. Results:
Seven furlongs— Lake Mills won. Old Mlkf
Bocoml. Maryland Rfserve third. Time, 1:30.
Six furlongs. Felling— Handprrss won, Bra\r
Lad second/Emigre third. Time. 1:21V4.
One mtlP. selling— Barney K won. Lrf>u!svlllr
B'cond, Thoma? Carey third. Time. l:32U.
Ths Hawthorne stakes, five furlongs—Silver
dale won, Invictus second. Miss Bennett third.
Time, 1:00%.
One mile and three eighths, selling— Prince
Ulazes won. Cummer second, Guess Me third.
Tlmo, 2:3.-'i. . _ .
One mile— The Elector won. Reminder second.
Mellocole third. Time, l:50V«.
Survive.
Boy Is Injured Internally
and Will Probably Not
JOCKEY PERKINS
BADLY HURT AT
NEWPORT TRACK
Remarkable Testimony Is
Set Forth in Suit for
Divorce.
Social D!3ratch to The Call.
ST. I-OiriS. June 8.— It developed to-dav
from depositions filed in the Circuit Court
that the ghost of William J. Florenc
the celebrated actor, and at one time
partner of Joseph Jefferson, will play ;i
leading part In a St. Louis divorce mutt
•which comes up for trial here next Tues
day.
The case is that of llrs. I.cu Bates
whose husband. Charles L. Bate3. seek3
to resist a legal separation from h!s wife
According to testimony introduced Mrs
Bates is engaged to marry the spirit o(
W. J. Florence in the next world. Mrs.
Bates, according to evidence, says that
she made love at different times to the
ghost of the departed actor.
Mrs. Bates 13 plaintiff in the suit for
divorce. The husband is the head of the
diamond department of a large jewelrv
house The bringing of the divorce suit
by Mrs. Bates last fall caused a great
surprise
Mrs. Louis N. Patterson, a daughter
whose home J3 in San Francisco gave evl
saTd"- 6 asalnst her motn «r In which she
"Mamma never went to church. She
spoke to me frequently of Mr. Florence'*
ghost and told me that he woflcl be her
husband in the next world." T
Mrs. Esther B. Bikers of San Fran
cisco, another daughter. Is al=o arrayed
against her mother. She added a link to
the ghost evidence by stating that Mrs.
Bates had a picture of Mr. Florence en
the wall of her room.
Mrs. Mattie Brazil of Kirtawoo<1 gave
most Important testimony about th»
ghost. She said in part:
"Mrs. Eates has often spoken to me of
meeting the ghost of William Florence
an actor long since dead. She told me
how she made leve to his spirit, and when
I was dubious she Informed me that
though it was a spirit, he was just as
tangible as if he had been mortal and tx
isted in flesh. Mrs. Bates said to me:
" 'I am a spiritualist, /ind believe that
the spirit can appear in the person
Whenever It appears It can dominate the
actions of any person tt pervades.'
"Mrs. Bates also told me that her hus
band would die— that she had a premoni
tion to that effect, and named the date."
Mrs. Bates during part of her residence
In St. I*ouis was one of the lead'ng mem
bers of Trinity Protestant Episcopal
Church. She was admitted Into the high
est social circles up to the time^she fs
poused spiritualism. Mrs. Bates has al
ways had a fondnes for the stage.
ENGAGED TO
WED GHOST OF
A DEAD ACTOR
Colored Man Awarded Deci
sion After Ten Rounds'
of Fast Righting.
KID PARKER
LOSES TO YOUNG
PETER JACKSON
Boston Defeats Chicago in the Only
BAIN PREVENTS GAMES.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLURS.
Contest Played.
Clubs— "W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W, L Pet
Philadelphia 24 14 .632 Chicago 19 21 AK
Brooklyn 21 16 .569 Boston 17 IS .472
Pittsburs ...23 li .547jC'inc!nnatl ..15 22 -»03
St. Louis. ...19 19 .50O| New York. ..14 22 .34,6
PHILADELPHIA, June 8.— The Cincinnati-
Philadelphia game was postponed on account of
wet grounds. v
BOSTON, June S.— Rain interrupted the game
in the third Inning:. After play was resumed
three hits and some poor work by the Chicago
lnfleld gave Boston five runs and the game.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Boston •» 0 1
Chicago 5 10 5
Batteries— Dineen and Sullivan; Callahan and
Donahue. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, June R.— The St. Louis-New
York game was postponed on account of "rain.
Three Innings were played.
BROOKLYN. June 8.— The lirooklyn-Pitts
burg game was postponed on account of rain.
American Asociation Games.
CHICAGO. June 8.— Chlcapo. 3: Cleveland 0.
KANSAS CITY. June S.— Kansas City, 11;
Buffalo. 10.
MINNEAPOLIS, June S.— Minneapolis. 10;
Indianapolis, 4.
MILWAUKEE, June S.-Milwaukee, 3; De
troit, 2.
HTJSSELL LOSSS.
Unpopular Decision Goes Against ths
, San Franciscan. - -»»
CHICAGO; June 8.— Frank Chllds de
feated ' Fred Russell of San Francisco in
six rounds to-night at the Kort Dearborn
Athletic Club. Kussell put up a goqd
tight and had the better of it up- to the
fourth round, but Childs sot in enough to
win the decision. The decision was un
popular with the spectators.
In the preliminary Jimmy I-awler of San
Francisco was given the decision over
Jimmy Reader of Altoona, Pa.
Burley Defeated.
TACOMA, June S. — Paddy 1'urtell
whipped Nick Burley r'ere to-night in the
fourteenth round of what was to have
been a 25-roun<l fight. Burley had all the
better of the first six rounds, but 1'urtell
hung on like a bulldoj? and grew stronger
as the light progressed. Hurley's seconds
threw up the sponge after he had been
knocked down three times in the four
teenth round.
Wild Right Swing.
The California Boxer Poses in the Ring and Is
Knocked Out in the Eleventh Round by a,
Sailor Is Beached but Once Effectively
and the Punch Ssrves Merely
to Make Him Fight
Harder.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Tom Sharkey
easily defeated Yank Kenny In the first
round of what was to have been a twen
ty-five round bout before the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night. Sharkey took the
aggressive from the start and drove his
antagonist all over the ring, and finally
ended the battle with a right-hand smash
on the Jaw which put the big fellow down
and out. Before the men entered the ring
even money was offered that Kenny would
stay five rounds. f
As soon as they came out of their cor
ners Tom let go a hard? left to the ribs.
Kenny tried to jflturn his right
and missed, but as Tom came In he drove
his right to the body. This blow made
Sharkey angry, and ho went at Kenny
v/itli a rush and let go a wild swing that
went over the big fellow's shoulder, and
Tom fell into a clinch. When they broke
Tom hooked his left twice to the chin and
had Kenny going, but he saved himself
for the time being by holding on to Shar
key. They broke and Kenny Jabbed his
left to the face, but could not hold the
j-allor off, and he went to the ropes from
Tom's rush, where he took left and right
on the head. He broke to the center
with Sharkey after him. Tom, with a
right swing on the Jaw, stretched Kenny
on the floor. Kenny tried to get up, but i
was unable, and was on his face when |
the count ended. Kenny was carried to
his corner, where he quickly revived and
was soon able to leave the ring.
Easily Defeats His Antag
onist and Scores a
Knockout.
SHARKEY WINS
FROM KENNY IN
ONE FAST ROUND
NEILL LOSES TO MOFFATT
BY GROSS CARELESSNESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. t | *HE EMPORIUM.
UmtrMSmmM <«£> to-sh.htat J\~^Y\ v&S&^QiJpf S3I& in Clgcirjs
%Doh't miss the Overstock H^V Alexandeir HumA
| Sale To-Tkir: sblish, >i **** Giaan, |
% strictly up-to-date sum- j^mi^^^miMM. $k & 3 tor 25c %
% iver nuts at a big reduc- mfk0^^^^^^^^< ffcj %
icon's Hi 2, SO snti S15 #i^^^^Skk&S3j|t^^ \\] _ , o^^m— %
& Suite. $9.95-F*r t,o many fttf&& &ii3wHpMfe^**SfeE? V( mOId's &3*^S S
H en hand of the 8in 2 le-brwted wok tgp§? Sffife^^H^gT^ )y\ HitiS—TC'Bay *.
gfSa^i^Ss^S^r^r^sel' W& J/ <P §2*G5. \
dt son to season in this 'tore; these V-V§&A « N^g*>^' Croico of or entire line of 5Ien'-<?8
£ suits mu't Ve sold v hile they are m SyCT S".i. r > S' iff and Fdo-a Hits— th?^
X f.vh : onab!e; S*rg3*, Cheviots and S? f8ffi$*P stiff hat* h the new Yon.nan Spring*
K Cassmers ; twenty styles nnd co- AK^pgB^^ra^pfytp!- ] fiM b ock.b ack or browa; theFedora<>«
crirgs, mnde up in a first-c a?s i n tJi e most app--av?d snir.mer ship->s. in black,^
# mirmer, ~tl2..j"t nn'l $13.00 ? r^'e- - M^ggtj^ feM^ffif^^S] Ti t;r o shales of brown .nr.d pear!. M^re stjii<h."!g
H Breasted Sack Sui s for M>n, Jcillt^^^^tP^Pl^ np-to-date ha!s "'mrt bebonjjh! at ;nv p-irp/4
Jf until further votice..: a* g* f^CZ W^^^^S^^^ ° J 3periaI sale S*'«rday onlv ...
«»-••¦ •••••• f-y cofs q;T,,fnr *^filSi^S»l§ Main Floor-Off Rotunda. ** X
2> boy i 3 to 8 yea rs dd, slr.cty al -wool bu 9 '&&£&¦$ W$*$M %
?! chivio'p, harwVme'y trimmed, deep sai'or or >£$3[mJl tSiaEww i^Cff'S £ii$3£3£i*S **
S ' the new copt col ar. a=< preferred; on y abont q'^^-W Kwrflf* O^? r"*~* **p /*Pn\ "«*
j£ ;"0 suits in this spec'aliy boujjiit 1°*; our ra??^£W S^iS^*l *J"£»G2m J^^X If3 -
&" recilar prices for these grrad^. $3 4"> r.nd {^£$MJ iB"£ilr B ack or S>la KH S irper-. caramon fi\ \*\ #
$ i3.9">; special pries io-joy **& K#*ffl fCim t02 * an ' 3 hees ; esmfortable V /) «
§ ony s6/o h%£&j ?SySn and senrireab'e s!irv.«»r.-j that are re~- Ay / "»r
v£iG i s : 'Sa~£or Suits, Si Si— S-z?s for ||pO§f £rH5H u!ar!y * 1 - 25 f air » f *- J * ' < nl >> ***** 7. (x^J^
£ I ova 3 to 10 yaai-3 o!d fancy cassimeres, w.th f rS££&$ Ipii#fl 8 and 9 93o \ s/| «
i* extra brg cut blouse, tnm'r.ed with fix rows ffiMffil W^M First Alsl *- Ri -?ht cf Entrance. \ / ij
|! o? filk braid, sold rpgu arly by us at yffi[-i§j Pffifel me \ / £
*> S3 45; special price /.- ay «»«- M%n»!l i^fJti GlOifo ESOUSZtS ' BOO3C3m \*S Q
V onlv SJflaO^ &M%3 fiSf&r 0£Tn* &
I fi>Secohd Aisle— Right of Entrance. ' \l£Hffl ftiwf ~ • *rfi>£?» j$
\tf ~ r~j 'r&m$ Kls^ A special pale to-day onlv in nu-'naiab, near entrance ;j«
'S &&2&0&1$C3: "jP '&* tffimS »Ee!w o? 230 titles of croK-a fiction, essays and c!a->si,;s,3B
g UpSB&a S.3&? £&%*>* &8M KW we" bouni in r;oth.wi:h attractive cover do -,i;ni;«
fc'A lucky rhince put us in {iOFse-?ion of 50 FfpFilM v£$iff pood paper ani we I printed. ?ub'i:h?ri' <, «* 55
dozen Jiranese Crepe GMf Shirt- and about Bfjjp/ ffi^H«i r^'ce 35c ; our special pric? B&C$
§; 10 > Ne^teee Crape Shirts at about half f^M —^=S=_ ' '§
! 3£ their market value. T ey axe th>» mott j— ' Ipjyj?^^^l^^jj^^^aS-w. , *•;
&' tropes, blue* and other new iff cts, the ~^^*Ui&*l\ k?5 SJS^** aru3
gi AV.ieree mai-Iy a 1 ivbi'e. Tc- \&29 Gf*il*B^wr*'SfciaiZp>. t S*^-ir r *^- r ; **]&% <V
fc . da i only special price v.i 1 be... a a G x?^ California's largest-America's grandest sTORti. w
* ftTHE NINE-LIVED EVIL.
The Board of Supervisors is confident that it will
need r.o more money for the next fiscal year # than for
the present to provide for the maintenance of prison
ers in the county jails. It is quite possible that the
closing of Ingleside has given the City Fathers con
fidence in the hope th3t the number of local criminals
will decrease.
The City Attorney has been asked to shed the light
of his legal learning upon the Board of Supervisors
and tell that worthy body whether or not it is legal
to close th<? cemeteries within the city limits. Some
body in authority ought to ask the' City Attorney if
he has any power to keep open public streets — Sulli
van alley, for example.
No Fear of the Plague.
Philadelphia Inquirer.
It may be that the bubonic plague has
reached San Francisco. Dr. Shrady. the
well known New York physician, seems
to think that It has, and yet it is very
strange that no one has yet been ablo
to find any one suffering with the disease.
There have been several suspicious deaths
and the doctors base their opinion en
tirely upon the results of autopsies. • •
Either San Francisco has never had the
plague or else it has nothing to fear even
with it present. No white person has died
with anything that looks like it. and it
has been confined wholly within the limits
of Chinatown. Asiatics are peculiarly
plague victims, and yet in the midst of
these 20.000 or 20.000 Chinamen, where It
would seem to have every opportunity for
spreading. It Is practically harmless.
One thing Is certain; it is very foolish
for any one to get excited over the situ
ation in San Francisco. In a panic, the
health officials of the State of Texas have
quarantined against the city. That is
absurd. This country Is not a good field
for the plague, and if it really has ap
peared among the Chinamen of San Fran
cisco and has been controlled so easily
no one need worry over its spread east
ward.
OUR CONSULAR "SYSTEM."
AR. BAYARD TAYLOR was once a candidate
for the position of Consul General at Berlin.
Some one else received the appointment.
When asked how he accounted for his defeat Mr.
Taylor replied: "There were three things against
me — First, I speak German; second, I know the Ger
man people; third. I* am a gentleman." .
This arraignment of our so-called consular "sys
tem" is hardly too severe. It is, unfortunately, even
truer to-day perhaps than when Mr. Taylor uttered
his memorable epigram. Those who doubt this.as
sertion should consult an article by Mr. Harry Gar
field in the June Century, entitled "Our Consular
Service." From this it appears that one of the un
foreseen results of the civil service law has been the
dumping into the open lot of our unfortunate consular
"service" of a load of political heelers who could not
be shot over the high fence of that law into the pre
! serves of the other governmental departments. The
personnel of the "service" instead of improving has
been, according to Mr. Garfield. steadily deteriorating.
To those familiar with the methods of appointing
Consuls there is nothing new or startling in
Mr. Garficld's exposure of the arrogance, ig
j norance and imbecility which he found per
vading an important consulate of the United
j States. This imbecility, ignorance and arro
i gance will Ve the rule. Competency, knowledge and
courtesy will be. as now, the exception so long as
our exporters are content to 'allow places in the con
sular "service" to be scrambled for by unscrupulous
politicians and their Congressional backers. It is
very certain that Congress will never reform the "sys
tem" of its own accord, for we live in an age of pru
dence, as Disraeli said, and the leaders follow the
people. "The people" here concerned are. as inti
mated above, the merchants whose interests lie in for
eign trade: from them must come the pressure that
J shall make our consular service a profession worthy
I the consideration of men of first-rate ability. As •-*
rule such men will not expatriate themselves for three
or four years with the certainty of being turned out
at the end of that time and of being obliged to begin
their lifcwork all over again. Only a third-rate man
I will do that, and solong as we put up with third-
I rate men we must compete for the world's trade at a
disadvantage with nations like Germany and England,
which have well organized and efficiently administered
consular systems.
. A Consul to-day is largely a commercial and very
little a political officer. Take the consular service out
of politics and put it where it belongs— on a business
basis. ,
WHEN the first reports of the insurrection in
China were received in this country Wu Ting
fang, the Chinese Minister at Washington, is
¦ reported to have made himself merry over them and
to have ridiculed the idea that the insurgents could
I seriously menace the peace of the empire or the lives
I cf foreigners residing there. He is quoted as saying
I the Chinese name of the so-called Boxers is "Ye Ho
Chuan," and means "righteousness," "harmony" and
"fists." and in a jesting way he added it is probably
the intention of the society to cultivate muscle for
the promotion of virtue and to teach harmony by fis
ticuffs.
I^ater reports show that the clever Minister was
I either ignorant of the conditions of his own country
or was talking ns a diplomatist when he made such
sport of the insurgent society. The Boxers have
caused a disturbance so serious that various powers,
including the United States, have found it necessary
to send warships to the danger points and land ma
rines and bluejackets for the protection of their citi
zens. It is even said Russia is massing an army for
the invasion of China and that Japan is preparing
to assert her claims to Korea by force of arms should
the Russian advance be made.
The feature of the situation most interesting to us
is the evident desire on the part of the Chinese and
the British to induce the United States to interfere
and prevent any partition of the empire in case war
breaks out. The British are not in a position just
now to act with any effectiveness against Russian ag
gression unless they should have strong allies, and
I they cannot hope to find them anywhere in Europe.
Therefore they turn to us with expectation and pos
sibly with hope. The Chinese, on the other hand,
have no desire to see an alliance of the United States
with Great Britain, but wish our Government to main
tain the empire as it is in defense of American trade.
The British press in discussing the crisis has
strongly urged American intervention. The argu
ment put forth in London is that should Great Brit
ain and Russia interfere to suppress the insurrection
they would almost certainly come into conflict and
thus "Tiring about a war more dangerous than the in
surrection itself, while, on the other hand, the United
States could act with the consent of all. The Daily
Mail goes so far as to refer to the situation as "Mc-
Kinley's opportunity." and says: "The opportunity
for America has come. Will she let it slip from her
hands and lose her vest potentialities of/ trade in
Northern China?"
A similar view of the case is presented in. an article
in the current number of the Forum by Ho Yow.
Chinese Consul 'General to this country. Discussing
the efforts of various European powers to dismember
China in order to obtain exclusive trade privileges
over certain provinces, he says: "No unusual per
ceptive powers arc required to see that if the United
THE CRISIS IN CHINA.
Miracles, it appears, will never cease. It has been
officially reported that the Hall of Justice has been
completed.
Woes of the Census Enumerator.
A thrilling drama of contemporaneous
interest, performed continually, morning
and afternoon in this and other sections.
The Enumerator — Good morning,
madam; I am the census enumerator.
Will—
The Lady of the House— No; we don't
want any to-day.
The Enumerator— You mistake my er
rand, ma'am. I'm making an enumera
tion of the— please don't shut the door on
my foot, ma'am— Inhabitants on this street
for the census bureau.
The Lady— We don't want any bureaus,
I tell you. ;
The Enumerator— Again you mistake,
ma'am. I am— what's your husband's
name, ma'am?
The Lady— That s his business.
The Enumerator— No, ma'am, It s my
business. . _ . „, „
The Lady— His name is Twiggs— Tony B.
Twlggs. Got a warrant for him? He ain't
to home.
The Enumerator— And your name.
ma'am? ¦ "v<
The Lady— My name is Nancy Jane
Twlggs. Litj
The Enumerator— Any children?
The Lady— Well. I never! No!
The Enumerator— Any children born
since June 1?
The Lady— Mercy's sakes! What do you
ask that fool question for?
The Enumerator— So that I can . omit
them, ma'am. Your husband, I suppose.
Is head of the family?
The Lady— Not when ma Is visiting us.
The Enumerator— And what la your re
lationship to your husband? »
The Lad v— There isn't no relationship.
I'm his wife, that's all.
The Enumerator— What color, ma'am?
The Lady— Sir! Natural, of course.
The Enumerator— Um-um-um. Age at
last birthday?
The Lady— My age!
The Enumerator— Don t get excited,
ma'am. All these answers will be held
strictly confidential. Age at last birthday,
please?
The Lady— I can't give It.
The Enumerator— Why not?
The Lady— Because I don't believe I
have reached my last birthday.
The Enumerator— Shall we pay 28.
ma'am?
Thp Lndy— Tee-hee! I'll own up to 29.
Tho Enumerator— Thank you, ma'am.
And how long have you been married?
The Lady— Lemme see. Twenty-two
years, but it seems longer.
The Enumerator — Um-um-um. In what
vear did you Immigrate to this country?
Um-um-um. I'm getting ahead too fast.
Whore were you born?
The Lady— I was born on a Mississippi
River flatboat.
Th»> Enumerator— Thanks. Do you speak
English?
The Lady-Sir! , rC
And so on by painful degrees to the
bitter ond.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Assrfsor Dodge has asked, as a business proposi
tion, that he be allowed an appropriation for extra
clerks. Probably for the same reason he has very
gracefully withdrawn his request.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BRYAN'S RELIGION— B. P.. City. Wil
liam J. Bryan is a member of the Presby
terian church.
FREE TRADE WITH IIAWAII-N. F.,
City. Free trade between the United
States and the Hawaiian Islands will be
established on the 14th of June, 1900.
CENSUS— K., City. The questions that
are asked by census takers are not idle
ones, and no one should refuse to answer
such. It Is only by obtaining correct
answers to questions that has been form
ulated by the census ottlcers that reliable
data can te obtained.
BOTH CHAMPIONS-W. M. L... City.
John L. Sullivan proclaimed himself
champion of the world until James J. Cor
bett bested him and became the cham
pion. Up to the time Corbett defeated
him Sufllvan had a challenge to the whole
world to take his laurels from him.
WRAPPERS— W, H. D., City. The of
fer for the wrappers that are described in
your communication was a limited one.
Any dealer In the commodity described
will give you the address of the San Fran
cisco agents, but It being a private con
cern, this department cannot advertise it.
McKINLEY'S FAVORS— B. P., City.
As this department has no means of as
certaining the religion of those to whom
President McKinley has shown political
or other favor?, it is impossible to tell if
he showed more favors to those of one
lellgious denomination than he did to
those of other denominations.
FREE DELIVERY-T. H. B., Grass
Valley. Cal. Free mail delivery will be
established In all cities or boroughs hav
ing, according to the latest Federal or
State census, 10,000 inhabitants or In which
the gross postal receipts were during the
preceding fiscal year not less than ?10,0O).
The application must be made to the Post
master General through the First Assist
ant Postmaster General. The petition
must state the i-ame of the postofnee, the
population, the gross revenue, condition
of sidewalks. If the names of the streets
are posted and if the place Is properly
lighted. The petition may be presented
by the Postmaster, citizens or the munici
pal authorities.
LORD FITZGERALD— Several Inquir
ers. City. Lord Edward Fitzgerald, who
during the days of '98 In Ireland became
president of the organization known as
the United Irishmen, was after his connec
tion with that association proceeded
against. A bill of attainder was passed
against his estates, which were confis
cated, but later this was reversed. Upon
his death he left his widow, who in later
years married Mr. Pitcairn. the American
Consul at Hamburg, but the marriage was
an unhappy one and the couple separated
by mutual consent. She then lived in re
tirement nt Montauban till 1S30. when she
went to Paris, France. Louis Philippe,
the associate of hor childhood, refused to
see her, and she died poor In 1S31. Fuller
details can be found In the "Life and
Death of Lord Edward Fitzgerald," pub
lished in 1S75.
FOR A PATENT— E. B.. Grass Valley.
Cal. The fee for a patent is the same,
be the article large or small. A person
having an article for which. a patent is
desired should place the matter in the
hands of a reliable patent agent and avoid
all mistakes and danger of losing the
benefits of a patent. The cost of secnrlng
a patent in addition to agent's fee Is:
On filing each original application for a pat
ent. $15; on Issuing each ordinal patent. f7a. In
design cases: For three years ami six months
$10: for Keven yearn. $15; for fourteen yearn,
$30. On filing earn cnvrat, $10. On every appli
cation for the reiRMie of a patent. W0. On fil
ing each disclaimer, lift. For certified copies of
I patents and other papers In manuscript. W
i-cents per hundred words; for certified copies rft
1 printed patents, W> cents. Kor uncertified
I printed copies of specifications r an<l drawings tff
I patents for single copies, or any number of un
classified copies. 5 cents each; for copies Uy
sub-classes, 2 cents each; by classes, 8 cents
each, and for the entire eet ot patents Issued,
In one order, 1 cent each. For recording every
assignment, agreement, power of attorney, or
other paper of three hundred words or under,
II: of over three hundred and under one thou
sand words. J2: of over one thousand words, |3.
For copies of drawings, the reasonable cost of
making them.
Programme of Exercises on the Green
at Glenwood and Frizes for ths
Lucky Ones.
The final arrangements for the cetebra
tion of the one hundred and twenty-firth
anniversary were consummated Thursday
at a meeting of the various associations
connected with the observance of the day.
The literary and musical exercises will
take place at Glenwood. First will be tha
prayer by the chaplain of the day, Rev.
T. J. Lacey of Christ Church, Alameda;
opening remarks by William G. Badger,
president of the Bunker Hill Association;
song, "Star-spangled Banner," by Mrs.
Eva Tenney. Judge Edward A. Belcher,
president of the Vermont Association,
will introduce the orator. Merton C. Allen,
the well-known journalist and speaker,
and after the oration Alfred Wllkie will
sing "The Sword of Bunker Hill." There
will be sonss by the Emalada Ladies'
quartet, music by the Second Regiment
band and "America" will be sun? by the
audience. After the benediction the audi
ence will be free to enjoy the beauties
of the redwood groves, the dancing and
the games until the special trairu return
to the city at 5 p. m.
ALL READY FOR BUNKER
HILL DAY CELEBRATION
THE DAY WE CELEBRATE
THERE was some doubt abroad in the land
about celebrating July 4, 1000. The dealers
in fire vorks were thinking of compound
ing with their creditors, and the welkin seeme \
safe from being ?piit by the combination of noises
provided for in the speech which Webster put into
the mouth of John Adams in relation to the proper,
abandoned and noisy way in which the day should be
observed.
A sordid and sodden generation was about to skip
a holiday and go on laying up riches where moth
and ru*t doth corrupt and thieves break through
and steal. 1 he hilarious firecracker was in despair.
Vesuvius seemed about to die out with all its noise
and swell in its belly. Bombs, whims, pin-.vheels and
rockets. Roman candles, fountains and all the mem
ber:- of the illuminated picrate and nitrate family were
feeling the clammy touch of indifference and neglect.
The orators expectant Acre languishing unin%ited to
turn the tap of eloquence and let it flow. The young
lady who sings "America" and the principal of the
bchool who reads the Declaration, in every neighbor
hood, were falling out of practice. The processional
talent of each town, from that which arranges in line
the industrial floats, t'ne Goddess of Liberty and the
horrible*, to the committee on placehoics which >e
lects "the leading citizens in carriages," without of
fense to those who arc not chosen, was out of com
mission, and it looked as though this country had
celebrated its las* Independence day.
But upon the chaos and black night of indifference
all at one! there flashed Billy Hearst's order to
the American prnplc to celebrate the Fourth of July.
William ha? been having the subject read up to him
and decided that there must be a celebration. In <~tr.
der to have it go off dl right he orders the people to
do their celebrating under the auspices of the Bryan
eJubs. He believes these clubs to be the present cus
todians of the day celebrate and to possess the
fimon pure recipe for doing it honor. Of course in
thos,e benighted regions where there are no Bryan
club- there enn be no regularly authorized and prop
erly certificated celebration at all. In those plax'cs it
will be default day. But elsewhere silly-BilJy com
mands and ordains a racket, with the same pomposity
that Emperor Norton used in ordering a billion dollar
issue of his bonds. All the fireworks are ordered to
work, from the Mongoloid cracker to the largest ser
pent. Powder, smoky and smokelrs% giant and
dwarf, if to btirn. Ir.'.rst and detonate, according to
Jitt'e-IiiHic's order.
He has just been elected president of the national
organ izst ion of Bryan clubs, and has taken charge of
the Fourth of July, officially; to save it from falling
into desuetude, more or less innocuous. We are sur
prised that he did not order his celebrated "nail the
flag to the Philippines and gox'ern them outside the
constitution" editorial read as a dessert after the solid
meat of the Declaration.
It is rumored thai this petite person will soon is
sue a proclamation separating day from night, telling
why a doj^s nose is cold, revealing the right sign of
the zodiac in which to plant beans, and why meat
chrinks in cooking if it is slaughtered in the old of
the moon.
time abomination of term examination
get together and Insist that the school
authorities remove the wholly unneces
sary evil. If a superintendent Is so lack
ing In humane regard for the physical and
mental welfare of children as to let a
cruel tradition continue beyond this late
day he ought to be brought to task.
• ? «
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
PRINTED FOULARD DRESS.
The dress represented Is of white ground
foulard with colored patterns; the bolero
and bands on the skirt are of different
pattern. The waistband is of white mus
lin, draped, and the pelerine of the same
foulard as the dress.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. F. Thompson of Boston Is at the
Grand.
E. W. McGlnnls, a merchant of Seattle,
is at the Lick.
Captain Tanera ot ths German army Is
at the Palace.
C. T. Tulloch, a contractor of Oakdale,
Is at the Lick.
Peter Musto. a merchant of Stockton,
is at the Grand.
Dr. Samuel Carlile of Newton, N. J., Is
at the California,
Dr. A. J. Powell and wife of Haywards
are at the California,
John D. Ludwlg. a mining man of Marl
posa, is at the Grand.
Paul J. Pitner. a mining man of Chi
cago, is at the California.
Samuel H. Westfall. an orange shipper
of Redlands, Is at the Palace.
P. J. Nolan and family of the City of
Mexico are at the Occidental.
R. J. Langford. Sheriff of Santa Clara
County. Is stopping at the Lick.
B. Mlhalovltch, a distiller and liquor
dealer of Cincinnati, accompanied by his
wife and daughter, registered at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Rev. Sebastian Dabovich has returned
from his tour of the Western States and
will officiate Sunday at the Greek-Rus
sian Cathedral.
B. Kure, controller of the general sta
tistical bureau cf Japan, registered at
the Occidental yesterday. He comes to
this country to study the methods of cen
sus taking.
¦ ? •
CALITOR.NTANS IN NEW YOBK
NEW YORK, June S.-A. H. Hill of Oak
land is at the Waldorf: Rev. Dr. Vo<r
sanger of San Francisco is at the Plaia-
ART AND ARTISTS.
RS. MARY CURTIS RICHARD- j
//\//\ SON has returned from the East
I A\ V^ after a year's sojourn in some
" » of the principal cities. Mrs.
Richardson has been busily occupied dur
ing her stay with portrait commissions in
Uoston. Chicago. New York, Buffalo and
Philadelphia, so far has the fame of the
Californian portrait painter reached. On
the easel in Mrs. Richardson's studio is
a charming child portrait of Miss Betsu
Wheeler and a striking sketch of Profes
sor Slate of Berkeley, but the artist haa
not yet resumed work.
John Hatcn of Salt Lake City, now vis
iting San Francisco, has an interesting
exhibition in one ot the local galleries.
'I he most pretentious out perhaps least
worthy or distinctive of the five pictures
exhibited is "A Vale in thfe Rockies, an
Incredible, audacious effect. Truth it may
be, but one of those truths that are best
lett unpainted. The "Quaking Asps. a
shimmer of slender aspens against a finely
handled background of far hills, is a de
lightful subject, sympathetically treated.
It is full of movement and atmosphere
and pitched in a light, tine color key.
••L,ake Union," Seattle, a small Callfor
nUn sketch, and a "Fruit Piece" of orig
inal composition, complete the exhibition.
Mr. Hafen will stay In San Francisco a
few weeks and will make some Califor
nian sketches.
Miss Clara McChesney has two pastels
en exhibition in the galleries— "The Young
Mother" and an "Old Woman and Child. '
The characteristic softness of the medium
Ifnds itself admirably to the fine tender
ness with which Miss McChesney has
handled her subjects, and the lighting and
composition in both are especially inter
esting. , ''
Eugene Cadanasso has returned from a
short stay at Santa Cruz with a number
of sketches Industriously gathered.
Mrs. Boecher's charming little portrait
of Miss Church is on exhibition in town.
Though not comparable in technique. In
pos<? and costumfng, the portrait Is rem
iniscent of Gregory and has also nice tone
and warm, rich color. The hands and
arm* seem perhaps slightly out of draw
ing — disproportionately small for the size
of the figure.
Grace Huds-on exhibits two new Indian
subjects, companion pictures— "To-Day,"
an old squaw hearing a load of wood, and
"Ytnterday," an Indian maiden among the
popples.
Carl Dahlgren exhibits in the same gal-
Wy a sunny woodland landscape, with
deer In the distance— a pleasant subject
and effect.
Miss Ethel M. Wickes has an
"Irish Country Lane" on exhibition, an
Interesting little scene, placed perhaps too
hiRh on the canvas, too little sky and too
much foreground.
0 NEW BROOM flT WORK-
IIZJOLLOWING the exposure made by The Call
of the inefficient manner in which the Chinese
exclusion act has been enforced at this port by
the customs officials comes the action of the Govern
ment transferring the duty of examining Chinese and
passing upon their right to admission to the country
from the Collectors of Customs to the officers of the
Bureau of Immigration. Under the new rule the en
forcement of the restriction act in San Francisco will
be in the hands not of Collector Jackson, as here
tofore, but of Hart H. North, local Immigration
Commissioner.
A familiar proverb declares: "A new broom sweeps
clean." We have therefore good reason for expecting
most if not all of the interferences with the enforce
ment of the law which were so conspicuous in the
Customs office will be swept away under the new man
agement. The work has been transferred to the
Bureau of Immigration avowedly in the interests of
reform. The manner in which the restriction act was
enforced, or not enforced, by Collectors of Customs
waj not satisfactory to any part of the country, and
the dissatisfaction was fully justified by the facts. It
is now to be seen how far the Immigration Commis
sioners will improve upon the work of their prede
cessors in authority, how far they will be able to
eradicate the old abuses of the act and enforce it with
firmness and impartiality.
The fight which The Call made for a stricter ex
clusion of Chinese immigration has thus borne good
fruit. Congress has taken steps to remedy the evils
which The Call pointed out. From the Commis
sioner of Immigration we look for such an enforce
ment of the exclusion law as will prevent that whole
sale admission of Chinese under the pretense of being
"native sons," which has been exposed by the inves
tigations made by The Call. In that expectation the
public will share, and there will be a widespread ap
proval of the action taken by Congress in making the
transfer of authority.
It must not be supposed, however, that all danger
will be overcome by the act of vesting the enforce
ment of the exclusion law in the hands of a new set
of officials. The temptations to corruption and to
neglect of duty remain as great and as potent as ever.
There is a large profit to be obtained by bringing
Chinese into the country, and the men who have en
joyed that profit in the past will not willingly sur
render it. It is a foregone conclusion that they will
at once set about devising some scheme for evading
the law under the new control as under the old. For
that reason the public vigilance must not be relaxed.
The people must be on guard as heretofore. The Call
will do its share in the future as in the past, and will
be prompt to expose any failure on the part of the
new authorities to maintain the law unimpaired in
all its force and scope. The -menace of Chinese in>
migration will never pass away so long as wages are
high an/1 prosperity prevails in the United States, and
here atW Golden Gate the watch must be kept with
unrelaxing vigilance and fidelity.
Perhaps if some of our local teachers who are
"spieling" for students for their schools were to try
to learn the political combination of the School Board
they might meet with better success in their efforts
to prevent decapitation.
Compulsory Gciucatton in tjhi's City
By Margaret McKenzie
(Principal Hancock Grammar School).
The Cell does not hold Itself responsible ior
the opinions published in this column, but
¦ presents them for whatever value they may
» have as communications of general Interest.
EDITOR The Call: Are there 53.35S
neglected children in California?
It certainly Is not Indifference of
parents that excludes from the San
Francisco public schools at least
5000 between the ages of five and six,
vastly more than one-twelfth of all be
tween 5 and 17. They should have th»
benefits of money drawn for them,- and
would if willing parents were consulted.
The avaricious parent is the exception.
The poor feel that an education is all they
can give their children, and deny them
selves to the point of pity to bestow on
the little ones what they themselves sadly
lack. The mother will rise before day
break to wash her little girl's only white
apron and dry It in the ironing to make
her child presentable at school. The con
trast in dress between that of toiling pa
rents and their children is at times pa
thetic in the extreme, the heart of the
teacher going out In helpless sympathy
to the poor rather, who labors too orten
with fruitless results and who finally
gives up dosing the unwilling youth of la
with the distasteful tasks of the school
room anil lets him shift for himself, as he
should, but who thereby adds to the so
called 53.35S street arabs.
Our course of study and its misinterpre
tation are factors largely concerned in all
this. The average parent thinks nine
years spent in completing the grammar
course too many, hence the frequent ef
forts to reduce the time to eight years.
non-essentials the needed relief canno
be found that way. for tMrt." and pupil
alike even now groan under the buraen
of multiplied subjects Even when .the
eighth grade was the highest the cours»
consumed nine years. The time in the re
ceiving class was not counted, yet most
children remained in that class one year
before entering the first grade.
At a recent grade meeting held to deter
mine where to unload one la^^Rested
that a branch in her work * btlng «as>.
the grade below might as well take it. and
so slide down all along the line. .,,_-_,
This elicited marked general disap
proval. Eliminations from the higher to
the lower would inevitably cause an in
creased number of the left-overs; and
thus, by making it harder and harder to
reach the top. causing parents and chil
dren both to become <V scou / a g e <l' 0 lnd i 1 :
rectlv augment the neglected 63.3oS, and
the p'roblem of the street arab would still
be unsolved. ,
However, putting ninth grade work into
a hisrh school e<mrse of four years would
be of great value. "What Is it to the child
who gives twelve years to study if he di
vide it into eight years plus four years
Instead of nine years plus three years?
Nothing: but a deal to him who can give
only eight years. Paradox though it may
seem, eight-twelfths will prove a larger
number than nine-twelfths. Pupils of lo
in a sixth or seventh grade look forward
with dread to a graduation at 17 or IS
v<»ir<« of asre iney rean*c m<»i. «.».v.jr —.
eeuinr too "big" to be In a grammar
b Ou? %ftlm in arithmetic hurries chil
dren out of school. -TTJ-e £«"««• ««£
to the greatest number" does not *««£}
to be our motto. There Is °tUeT study
as powerful in acquiring all others as
reading; yet not a teacher in our depart
ment will not confess that she has sacri
ficed this universally needed branch to the
demands of the senseless drills . n »or
eign exchange." In "carpeting:. plaster
ing walls." 7> digging trenches, etc.. that
every boy and girl may know how to do
at the expense of acquiring ability to rea.l
in an Intelligent way the simplest thing
placed before a class. How many apply
in dally life what they acquire at this sac
rifice? Not many of the teachers them
selvps make uso of much of what they
When the children and their parents find
that their erfrls are not to engage In Plas
tering walls or that the boys are not ail
going into the carpet business, is it any
wonder that millinery or dressmaking has
attraction? for the girl or that selling pa
pers on the street corners seems more
honorable to the boy than letting hia
poor mother slave for nlm while he is try-
Ing to figure out the cubic yards soms
other boy may have to remove some day
or other when he is a man?
Is It the neglectful parent who Is re
sponsible that so many under 17 find that
the benefits gained in the schoolroom ars
less attractive than the inducements out
of it?
San Francisco, June 7, 1M0.
COLOXEL BRYAN'S reliance for a nomination
is upon the solid South. His only hope of an
election is in the certainty of the Southern
electoral vote and the expectation to join New York
thereto, by the help of Tammany.
Now the remarkable feature in this, situation is that
neither Tammany nor the South believes in anything
that Colonel Bryan advocates. Those who have in
vestigated the subject in the last three months have
been startled by the discovery that the South is nearly
unanimous for expansion. 'for holding the Philippines
and hunting around for more to hold in that neigh
borhood, if we can n"r.d it.
A prominent supporter of Bryan, from the South,
recently declared in New York that if Bryan were
elected the Philippines would not be alienated. He
Said we would hold them and get all we could out of
them, to do so being essential to the prosperity of
the South, and as for the Filipinos they had "'no rights
that we are bound to respect." A careful inquiry,
from North Carolina to the Gulf, discloses the aston
ishing fact that 75 per cent of the men in the South
m!io arc under forty years of age favor holding the
Philippines. Another astounding disclosure from the
South is that the people have quit on free silver.
Their industries are in fuH blast, money is plentiful and
can be borrowed at a lower interest than at any time
since the war. They do not feel that any free silver
experiment is necessary to inflate the currency, for
it is already plentiful and its use is cheap. This leaves
only the trust issue unbroken in the campaign quiver
of arrows carried by Colonel Bryan, and that is far
less talked about in 'he South than in the North. It
is in third place, anyway, among Colonel Bryan's
campaign material, silver and expansion ranking it.
Here, then, we have the singular spectacle of the
South solidly combined to nominate for the Presi
dency a man whose principles they reject and repu
diate." They do not scruple to say that if Colonel
Bryan is elected the strength of the Democratic party
in Congress, will come from the South, and they do
not propose to drop a profitable cotton market as the
Philippines promise to be, nor do they propose any
ft olish experiment in finance to disturb — and perhaps
destroy — conditions under which the South is pros
perous
An election of Colonel Bryan under these circum
stances will not mean anything. It will settle nothing.
It will leave the financial question where it is, in such
advance toward adjustment as it has made by the
legislation of this year. It will not mean any change
in the Philippine situition. In fine, it will not mean :i
tiling which the promoters of Colonel Bryan now pre
tend it will mean.
Feeling as it docs, the South should vote for Mc-
Kinlcy. but it will not. That section is quite willing
that the Republican party shall pull its chestnuts out
of the fire, shall open a market to i f<; cotton, protect
its sugar, rice and tobacco, but it is not willing to
reciprocate. The Southern Democracy is simply
anxious to add to the profits of trade due to Repub
lican policy the profits of power by putting the Re
publican party in a minority. When Morgan of Ala
bama found his seat in the Senate in peril in the whirl
wind campaign that Governor Johnson was making
against him he simply declared himself an expan
sionist and not in favor of free silver, and in the pri
maries beat Johnson two to one. As it is in Ala-
Lama, so it i> throughout the South, and yet Colonel
Bryan has galled his mouth denouncing the expansion
wickedness of Republicans!
In Tennessee the most popular Democratic candi
date for Senator h making his stump campaign for
holding the Philippines, and defies any one to show
how they can be constitutionally dropped. He says
to let them po will require an amendment to the con
stitution. He does not seem to have reflected that
that will mean a constitutional amendment to author
ize the dissolution of the Union.
ABNO^MfJL POLITICS.
States secures equal trading rights in all spheres of
influence an end will be put to that particular line of
European policy in the Far East. That is exactly the
object for which all intelligent and patriotic Chinese
have striven, but the end has arrived before it was ex
pected." ' : / ,
It is thus evident that a great strain will be put upon
the State Department by the present crisis. Should
the antagonism now burning so fiercely between the
Japanese and the Russians find vent in war over any
of the issues the Boxer insurrection is likely to give
rise to, the task of guarding our interests in China
without taking part in the war will require the high
est statesmanship. It i?. therefore fortunate that at
this time we have an administration in whom the peo
ple can safely trust. We will protect our own trade,
but we will not pull chestnuts out of the fire for
either Great Britain or Japan.
<£irc -fe&ms£*s gfolL_
SATUR DAY. ...-.' JUNE 9. i9<»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Md-en M Ccm-nunica iontto Wj 3. LEAKS. Manager
BIA>At;i:n*S OFFICE: Telephone PreK* 20*
J'i;iJ.RA'UO.\ OFFICE. ..Mnr!i«-« «««1 TUIrd. S. F. j
• Tflrphonf rrcm ZO1.
EDITOKIAL ItOOMS 2t7 to IIZI Stevcnton St.
T^Icplione Preaa U02.
Dcllrrrrd hy Carrlrro. IS Out* Per We*k.
M^ul«- Coplrn. S Crnt«.
T«tki« b> .Mall. lpclo«Hnc Pomtaarei
DAILY CAUL (inri-Mnt Snr.Aty). on* y»ar ** •*>
DAILY CALX, t'.nclvf.r.c f?un<Ur>. « tronths •-'j
DAILY OLL i!nc!u.!!n<r Eur.dsy). J mcatha '•">
DAILT CALI^-Jiv Kingle Month ~r ¦
WXliAT CAM, t>r.< Y»-ar ? £' .
WEHKLT CALL One T»ar utw !
All iioitmttKeri are authorised to receive
¦ ol»«erlptlon«. I
Bairple c- i !<-* will ba forwarded when requcated-
OAIiLAMJ OFFICE HIS Broadway
C GEORGE KRO3NES3.
Mer.a^er Fcreijji Arwertivno;. V^rqj-tte Bunding. Chicago.
<Lrcn« Distance T»r^cn« -Central 2C19.">
KKW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Squara ,
ICEW TOHK KEPRESESTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Bui'ding j
OIICAGO NFTVTS STANDS:
E».«rrr»n House: V. O. >»>¦»•» Co.; Or»»t Ncrthern Hotel:
Fpexcr.t !ku»; Auditorium Hotel.
Ni;%V TOHK NEVTS STANDS:
Wtldorf-Aruru Hotel; A. BresUno, 21 Union Square;
Murray IUa Ji.tei.
WASHINGTON 3. C> OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Corespondent.
BKAVCH OPVI CKJ* M -"ntrotne-T. ccrner of Clar. "pen j
trr.t!'. T-W o'clock. 3t>0 II»ye«. cpen until 9:S0 o'clock. €23 i
V«-AUlrter. o^'n ur.til J:» o'clock. €:i I^arkin. oper. until ;
• :*) o'clock. ISO Hasten, oper. until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market. |
comer E!xt*»::th. open estfl s o'clock. l f 'M Valencia, open
BntU » o'c'.'fk. 1T6 HWenth. *-p»a ontll S o'clorlc. N\V ccr
t!»r TtigUtf-a'COd pril K«-ii!ii--kv. r.i-rn until 9 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JUNE 9, 1900
The School Journal.
Can It be true that there are still some
people in positions of authority in matters
concerning the schools who have the cour
age to hold on to the antediluvian exam
inations as a test of promotion? What
would be thought of a prosecuting attor
ney who should ask In sober earnest, "Is
it your Honor's pleasure that we place the
witness on the rack, or shall we begin
with the thumbscrews?" And yet in the
educational field no one seems surprised
at running up against a person wearing
the same queued w jg that his prototype
of 290 years ago used to be proud of being
asked by a self-contented relic of this
kind" whether there really, are . teachers
who get along 'without either rawhide or
ferrule. Nothing short of legal measures
will ever make these people see that the
purpose of the school is other than to
coach pupils to pass examinations. Let
parents whose children are submitted to
the nerve-exhausting strain of that old-
6
It is reported that many Chinese and Japanese are
leaving us without giving us an intimation of their
destination. It would be an affair for the greatest
congratulation to San Francisco if a great many more
Asiatics would do the same thing.
Authorized to Administer Oaths.
W J Coey Jr.. Registry Clerk In »the
Custom-house, has been authorized to ad-
minister oaths and sign papers the same
as a Deputy Collector.
¦ • •
Fine butter log at Townsend's.
Delicious alacuma at Townsend'a. •
New peanut crisps at Townsend's. •
Now ready. July styles* Standard pat-
terns. Domestic office. 10a Market sL •
Townsend's Cal. glaced fruits. 50c a
lb In fire etched boxes or Jap baskets.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied daily f>
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. "
¦ ?' «
A few nicely framed pictures will chanjro
the appearance of any room and the
transformation need net be an expensive
one. either. You will he surprised to sre
how reasonable we are making good
frames and artistic, too. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
The fashion of "snowballs" has taken
root in the Paris drawing-room. It 13
purely commercial. At many of the shopa
a leader of "snowballs" is entitled to a
100-franc silk skirt for 23 francs, provtded
she finds three others who will also start
a "snowball" at her Instigation.— London
Morning Leader.
¦ m »
Dr. Siegert's Anpostura Bitters, tha world re-
nowned South American appetizer and la rigor- :
ator, cures dyspepsia, diarrhoea, fever ui afv«,
tmRMmi 1 i> dnniii MiiiaiMMi'iiMiil* 1 ¦ MiiHiii'i'i 1 ¦lulu ¦jmuti ntti-
AMUSEMENTS.
On h^um— Vi.uJf vilte.
Columbia- -"When W* Wf-rf Tw<>ntr-one."
€-alir«->rr.ia~ "A Rag Haby."
TUoii— 'Th<> Tr.ir<* "JuanJ^men."
Airfizar— ¦'HapSiK."
Olympic, eoronr Mason arA E<My street*— fr^cialtips.
?rat**. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville «very ¦ftemoon and
•vrning.
F:srhrr>— "AiJii" ar.i •"Mi£n'>n.'"
llecreatlca Park— Baseball.
Sutro little— "lion nicht?.
AUCTION SALES.
By Pulltvan & Doyl*— Monday, Jun» 11. at 11 o'clock. Horn^s,
at rt.rner Twelfth «rii Harrifun rtrwts.Visiting cards, wedding invitations, le
gal blanks, memorandum and blank books;
writing papers, envelopes, 1 pocket knives]
fountain pens, playing cards at lowest
possible- prices in our .stationery depart
ment. Sanborn Vail &Co.,,7H Market. <•
El Campo
Is still drawing a large proportion of the
family picnic-goers. The big steamer
Ukiah is one of the attractions, as she
Is never overcrowded, and.thc bay trip la
delightful.
A WARDED DIPLOMAS.
Commencement; Exercises at San B,a-
fael High School.
Special Plspntch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. June 8.— Ten bright boys
and girls received their diplomas of grad
uation from the San Rafael High School
in the Opera-house this ' evening.- V
w Papers' were read by graduates as fol
lows: "Air Castles,'! Miss Katherine Sar
tori: "The Relation of Jhe Romance Lan
guage to Latin,", Kathryn Murry; "What
Is Expected of n High School Graduate,"
Grace Moorhead; "The Poet and His
Theme," Zelma Walker; "The Influence
of Physical Environment,"- Mamie Ryan;
"The Change of Attitude Toward Nature
in English Poetry," Bessie Forse; "The
Development of Character in Ethel New
come, George Day; "Modern Opportuni
ties for Success." Clara Crurnpton^'Trans
formation in the Nineteenth Century,"
Ralph: Roy; "The Political Results of the
Nineteenth Century," Alfred Blumenthal."
The president of the Board of Education
(Dr. W. J. Wlckman) presented the grad
uates with their diplomas. Afterward the
floor was 'cleared -and danclnir was en
gaged In by. the scholars a nd ¦ their many
:2rtends. ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ; ¦ -. "" ; ¦: -: ¦ ' „¦ • '
Experts Say the Bay Would B3 an
Ideal Placs for the Operation
of the Craft.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\VASHINGTON. June $.— It is likely
that at least one or perhaps two of the
Holland submarine beats authorized in
the naval appropriation law just enacted
will be constructed on the Pacific Coast
The harbor of San Francisco, it is said
by submarine boat advocates, would be
an ideal place for the operation of the
craft, and it la expected that boats built
on the slope will be laid up at Mare
Island and in case of trouble stationed in
that harbor. i
Railway Postal Clerks.
RAN ANTONIO, Tex., June 8.— The con
vention of the National Association of
Railway Postal Clerks adjourned to-day
The old board of officers was re-elected"
Among the changes in the constitution
was an increase of death benefits from
President Officially Bestows Upon
Him His Title of Lieutenant
General.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— In accordance
with the provisions of the Military Acad
emy bill, the President to-day issued com
missions to Lieutenant General Nelson A.
Miles of the army and Major General H.
C. Corbin, adjutant peneral of the army.
These are recess appointments and will
be presented to the Senate at its next ses
sion in December.
General Miles said to-day that he would
make no change in his staff, the principal
effect of the new arrangement beinp to
give Major Michler. Fifth Cavalry: Major
Uailcy and Major Whitney, General Miles'
present aids, the pay and rank of colonels
of cavalry.
SUBMARINE BOATS
MAY BE BUILT HERE
MILES IS AWARDED
HIS NEW COMMISSION
Mrs. J. B. Sedgwick, an Omaha Chris
tian Scientist, Charged With :.;,•
Insanity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., June S.— J. B. Sedgwick,
formerly custodian of the City Hall, was
thrown from his buggy yesterday, sus
taining injuries which may prove fatal,
but his wife, who is a Christian Scientist,
will not permit a physician to attend him.
A complaint has been filed charging his
wife and daughter with Insanity.
Dr. Ralph, assistant City Physician, ac
companied by Sergeant Welseburg, in
compliance with orders received from the
Mayor and Chief of Police, went out to
the house- to examine the patient. The
doctors found him bleeding from the nose,
mouth, ears iu:d from a jagged wound In
the side of the head. He Eeemed dazed
and only partially conscious. In the room
with him were his wife, daughter and a
Christian Scientist demonstrator, Mrs.
I^angtry.
"God will take care of him," said the
latter as the physician and officer entered,
"It was not an accident, it was God'a
providential will."
DIPLOMAS AWAKDED.
Commencement Exercises of the Uni-
versity of Southern California,
i Fpwfa! IMsitttch to The Call.
j LOS ANGELES. June 8.— At the com-
I mericemcnt exercises of the University of
I Southern California the following thirteen
j students received their diplomas:
Bachelors of Arts— Robert S. Fisher,
Ethel J. Hardie, John Bryam, John Oli
ver, John D. Vandenbergh. Bachelors of
Philosophy — Georgia M. Holman, Helen
Lemnyne lioose, Helen Merryman, Her
bert Ingram Priestley. Hiram Bradbury
Tebbetts. Bachelors of Science— Mllbanlc
Johnson, M. D., Morton Martin, Harry
Wilkey White.
The degrees were presented by Dean
George Cuchran. D.D. I^ast night a recep
tion was given at the Casas de Rosas, cor
ner of Hoover and Adams streets?, in
honor of the graduates and the alumni of
the university. Before the commencement
exercises the board of trustees held an ad
journed meeting to llnlsh up the business
of the scholastic year. The awarding of
the Lottie Lane memorial prize was a fea
ture of the morning programme.
Watson Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES. June 8.— The case of
Walter Watson, accused of highway rob
bery, wont to the jury at nodn to-day.
The defence put up u. strong alibi. Wat
son is- also ..iccused with James Murray
of noldlug up and murderin< W. J. Breck
enridge white out on bail pending this
trial. At 2:30 p. m. the jury returned
a vtrdict of not guilty. Wagon's prclfm-
Jraiv examination on the Brockenrldge
charge will- tale place next week.
REFUSES A PHYSICIAN FOR
HER INJURED HUSBAND
FURTHER COMPLICATION IN
HAVANA POSTAL FRAUDS
Auditor's Department Throws Out
315.OOO Worth of Vouchers
Presented by Rathbone.
HAVANA. June 8.— The troubles of E.
»;. I'.ithbone. former director of poEts,
s.wm. to be increasing. The auditor's de
partment has thrown out $15,000 worth
Ol vouchers, including $W* worth of bills,
which bare been paid twice, most of them
at kluncle, lnd.
The Fidelity Company has been notified
that it will be held responsible on Rath
bone's bond. Mr. Miller, manager of the
company, and Mr. Kathbone have held
prolonged interviews during: the last few
days, but no decision has been reached
regarding this new aspect of the situa
tion. The authorities contend that the
Fidelity Company is responsible. Mr.
Rathbone's friends insist that C. F. W.
Neely deceived Mr. Rathbone, who signed
at Neely'F request without knowing what.
Corydon Rich has been placed under a
$2000 bond as a witness in the Neely case.
A letter has been received here by a
friend of Kedy paying that If forcea to
return he will show that Rich Is a liar
and that the latter received as much aa
Neely did.
¦ •
LNTERESTS THE COAST
Postoffl.ee Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special I>iPU*tcb to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 8.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John C Burns,
Veterans* Home, Napa. $S; Newton A.
Clark, Nellie. V»'. Frederick A. Wilder.
Oakland, $S. Restoration and reippue—
Daniel Mi KeJlip. dead. iSan Francisco, $6.
Increase— James A. Hoark. San Di«»so, JS;
Joseph A. Glass. Veterans' Home, Napa,
J12. Original widows, etc.— Kebecca S. Mc-
Kellip. iSan Francisco. SH. Special, May aj
Klien Craddock, San Francisco, $s. War
with Spain: Original— David A. Cutting,
Kan Francisco, J30.
Washington: Original— Jamos McWhirk,
Epokan*. %<,. Additional— Moses Hoit, Che
halifi, *10.
Oregon: Original — Erial Clark, Ontario,
J12.
A postofnee has been established at
Saint Louis, Marion County. Or., and Al-
I>!ionz'- Vanaerbeek appointed Postmaster.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— Myrtle
Creek, Douglas County, Jennie Gabbert,
vice Cbarle* J. BlCbey; resigned; Tlde
wa:er Lincoln County. Ernest W. Coun-
Bii viV.' IMith M. McMitlin. resigned;
hVHdm-ood; Line County. Minnie Mj Culp,
rice Anna C. Hur.t, removed.
The letter-carrier registration servlco
Ril! so Into offee: June 30 at Baker?:ield,
Kedlunds and Berkeley. Cal, and Salem,
Or.
The Star «ays to-ni^ht that President
McKinioy has (decided that he will not
i1fU California this summer, as ho would
r.ot like to be subjected to a charge of go
ing on a stumping tour.
BcpreMentatlre Mctcjlf left to-night for
Oakland. Senator Hard goes to Pennsyl
vania to-morrow for a two weeks' visit
In'fore returning to California. Senator
Pf-rkins expects to leave for home Satur-
RECEIVEB DISCHARGED.
Supreine Court Modifies Its Decision
in Important .Case.
IinLICN'A. June S. — The Supreme Court
towlay *n<x3in>d lt« <!<?< ¥ iFlon Jn the matter
•f th*> receivership of the ¦ Boston and
Montana, nne of the most valuable prop
•rti<p in th<* State. The original decision
«as in favor ut the eorp"rat»on and held
that thf m-oosFity of a receiver h:ul'dlp
apj»fari'<l. Tb<* low«*r court. \vn<> directed
lo !i*ar and determine a motion frr the
dipcliarKf «)f the receiver. Now th«« ourt
modifies it* decision and orders the lower
ci.urt t<» discharge the receiver forthwith.
This ends the case.
WICHITA, Kan*., Jun« ».— Ba<l hailstorms
«rv re-parted at M*"dford. Oklahoma and Pond
Om»k. towns alone the Rock Island. Large
orfas of wheat w«re <WtrayM. An elevator
• t !'.-nd Creek was blown <3t,wn and a mill
Builder of the United States Pavilion
at the Paris Exposition Very
Much Offended.
PARIS, June 8.— As a result of the state
ment published in New . York that the
United States pavilion at the Paris Ex
position is unsafe, cards have been ex
changed and seconds have been appointed,
on one side at least, between M. Morin
Gustfaux, the builder and assistant archi
tect, and M. Henry Dumay, the corre
spondent who pent the story to America.
The two men were introduced last night
at the reception at the naval pavilion by
Assistant Commissioner-General at thj?
Paris Exposition, Benjamin D. Wood
ward, who is an intimate friend of Mr.
Gustiaux. After some words, M. Gus
tlaux and Dumay exchanged cards.
Newspaper circles are deeply interested.
MOKE TROOPS NEEDED.
Keport That Seven Thousand More
Soldiers Are Wfentedtin Egypt.
LONDON, June S. — A special from Cairo
Fays, that it is reported on apparently
good authority that the immediate addi
tion of 7000 troops to the British forces in
Egypt has been demanded. A representa
tive of the A5soclated Press was informed
to-day at bcaih the Foreign Office and the
War Office that there is not the slightest
foundation for this report.
Agricultural Park Sold.
SAX JOSK, June 8.— To-day the Santa
Clara Valley Agricultural Society went
out of existence by selling its interest in
the fair grounds, comprising 7C.T5 acres of
valuable land, to the San Jose Land and
Improvement Company for $20,000, with a
covenant that each life member of the
old society is to receive one share of the
capital stock of the new company and
that the -shareholders, numbering about
180 shall constitute the new company. The
sale was made in order that the debts
of the old company might be paid, the
$20,000 being borrowed from A. L. McKen
dry, who was secured by mortgage on the
property.
JOURNALIST AND
ARCHITECT MAY FIGHT
CHICAGO. June 8.— Major General E. S.
Otis arrived at 7:20 this morning from
San Francisco and left at 10:30 for Wash
ington. Mrs. Otis and daughter arrived
In Chicago last night from New York and
the general and his wife and daughter
spent the hours between trains together
—the ending of a separation of two years.
General Otis declined to enter into a
detailed Interview, but he was perfectly
willing to talk in a general way. He Bald
he had not been 111 a day since he left
for the Philippines and at present was
enjoying the best of health. ,
"1 left the Philippine situation in the
best of hands," he said. "The officers are
all able men and well qualified to cope
with the different questions and situations
that may arise. The war Is over. This
guerrilla warfare can't last long. To be
sure, we will have to repress those people
for a number of years, but there is no
organized force of Filipinos. The depre
dations that are now going on are con
ducted tiy robbers and 'ladrones. The
United States troops are now engaged in
defending the inhabitants of the Philip
pines against the robbery and murder
committed by their 1 own people. But the
conditions are generally improving and In
some parts are better than they have ever
been.
"We have 55,000 effective troops under
arms in the Philippines. Kstimates re
garding the number of inhabitants in the
islands are all wild, but the number is
considered to be between 6,00U,tWQ and
7,000,000. The great majority of the people
desire peace and wish to again take up
their business pursuits. Business in Ma
nila has again resumed activity and the
inhabitants are peacefully pursuing their
vocations.
"I do not know where Agulnaldo Is. I
never saw him personally. It Is possible,
but not probable, that Aguinaldo is In the
Cayagayan section of Northern Luzon. It
is a rough, mountainous country, and
very sparsely settled. At first he was re
garded by his people as a leader, but of
late he is losing prestige and is not held
In such high regard.
"Funston 19 now in the Bulacan section.
I will say I am not going Into any per
sonalities whatever. The officers In charge
are all capable men.
"Stories have been circulated about dep
redations committed, by men of our army,
but they have been false. Our men have
been held under close restraint and have
conducted themselves like soldiers.
"I can't see that the administration of
our distinguished Secretary of War has
made any mistakes in this campaign. We
may have made mistakes over there, but
If so they have been the result of human
liability to commit error.
"Official reports of the warfare have
not been exaggerated, especially of late.
1 am, not Conversant with the newspaper
reports. Although I received American
newspapers I had not the time to peruse
them. The censorship has not been rigid,
and we assisted the newspaper corre
spondents all we could. Of course, some
sensational telegrams were sent, but it
was very difficult for newspaper men to
secure correct versions regarding our op
erations, as they wert so extended, but
we helped them wherever we could.
','1 have no Idea as to my course after
I reach Washington. I have received no
orders, and I simply await the commands
of my superiors.
"My wife and daughter will not ac
company me to Washington. They will
return to New York to-day and I wilt
Join them later. I was certainly over
joyed to see them, as this Is the first time
I have seen them In two years."
Regarding the situation in China Gen
eral Otis said: •;•
"I know very little. about the Chinese
question. I left Manila early in May, be
fore the recent complications in that coun
try had reached the present critical state
and I know very little about tt. The sit
uation seems to be developing very gen
erally and all European nations are in
terested in It."
WASHINGTON. June 8.— Major General
Otis will arrive here to-morrow. Ho will
remain In Washington for a few days
only and will go to hi-thome^t Rochester,
N. Y.. in time to attend the public recep.
tlon to be. given by the citizens of that
place In his honor on the 15th Inst. It is
expected that he will make a verbal re
port to the President of the conditions In
the Philippines during hla brief visit here
and that he will return here Inter In the
summer .for* a more comprehensive dis
cussion of the situation In the Far East.
Has as Yet Received No Orders and
Does Not Know What His Course
. Will Be in the
Future.
Reaches Chicago on His
Way to Washing
ton.
OTIS SAYS THE
WAR IS OVER IN
PHILIPPINES
Corporal Carson, Who Was in Com
mand, and Every Man Com
mended for Gallantry
and Endurance.
WASHINGTON, June 8.— Perhaps the
most thrilling and picturesque incident of
the entire Philippine war occurred at
Catubig. on the island of i-amar, where
on April lil last a party of thirty-one en-
listed men of Company K, Forty-third In
fantry Volunteers, held at bay a force of
some six hundred Insurgents during four
days of tierce lighting, reinforcements ar
riving just in the nick of time.
The War Department has received re
ports from Captain H. M. Day of the
l'orty-third Voiunteer Infantry and First
Lieutenant J. T. Sweeney ot that regi
ment, wno commanued the rescue party,
giving all the aetaiis of the attacus at
me siege and. the relief.
According to the reports the attack on
the garrison at Catuoig began without
wannng on Sunday morning, April 15.
fc'rom the hills on all sides, from every
point of vantage in the town, and from a
aeserted cnurcn directly adjoining came
a ntle and cannon fire ot terrible Intensity.
On Tuesday morning handfuls of burning
hemp were thrown into the barracks by
the insurgents and soon the soldiers'
reluge was on fire. All efforts to subdue
the nre failed and finally the little band
made a rush for the river bank. Some
were killed before the bank was reached,
others fell dead in a boat in which it was
intended to make the opposite shore, and
when a trench was finally dug with
bayonets there were only sixteen of the
thirty-one left. Here for two more days
Corporal Carson, handling his men with
the judgment of a veteran, held out. under
a terrible fire until the arrival of Lieuten
ant Sweeney's command, which had been
ordered to supplement the garrison at
Catubig and which was on its way up the
river on the steamer Lao Aug. Not until
within a quarter of a mile of Catubig,
says Lieutenant Sweeney in his report,
did they hear the noise of the engagement.
Then he realized that he and his men
were sorely needed, and he ordered the
captain of the steamer to run his boat at
top speed. The Lao Aug steamed up to
Catubig River under a rain of Mauser
bullets from both shores. The small boats
were lowered, a landing effected and the
rescuers fought their way through the
open to their besieged comrades in the
trenches, burled the dead within reach,
brought back to the boat the besieged
party, numbering now only thirteen, and
then steamed down the river.
Captain Day bestows the highest com
mendation upon Corporal Carson as "dis
playing extraordinary Judgment In the
handling of his men, thereby saving the
lives of the survivors, and protecting the
wounded until relief came."
To each of the little command and their
rescuers he gives the highest praise.
"Their zeal and ability." he says, "were
a fitting example of the worth and cour
age of the American soldier."
BRAVE STAND OF
THE GARRISON
AT CATUBIG
Little Band Held a Large
Force of Insurgents at
Bay Four Days.
Special Disrwtch to The Call.
PLACERVILLB, June 8.— The horror of
last night's tragedy at the home of George
Zumwalt, three miles from this city, still
fills the minds of every resident of this
little city. • ;;ii z
Isaiah Zumwalt, aged 64, and his wife
Julia, aged 60, were pioneer residents of
the county. They lived in the suburbs of
this city In a lovely home and reared' a
large family. About four years ago the
couple separated, and four weeks ago the
wife obtained a divorce in the Superior
Court of this county, alleging failure to
provide as the cause for divorce.
Zumwalt is locked up In one of the steel
cages in the County Jail. It is said by
the ja^l othcials that after being locked
up last night he titpt soundly until this
morning.
To a friend who called upon him this
morning iw expressed sorrow for the :rcur
der of his wifV and son, but said that >>id
lie known that he had failed In his at
tempt to kill his daughter-in-law Kose.
the wife of George Zumwalt, he would
have followed her to the neighoor's house,
whore she ran for protection, and finished
her. v •
The facts in regard to the cause of the
shooting as far as can be learned indicate
that trouble has been brewing f^r some
time. Parties in their neighborhood
claim that it was caused by jealousy on
the part <jf the old man of his son's wife,
while he claims that th« y were about to
turn him from his home after having
gained {wspession of his property.
The old man made a statement to the
eflect that he had deeded tne property
upon which Gtorge was living to him, bui
had retained the deed pending a settle
ment of certain money matters, and had
been living with George on the place. Not
being satisfied with their treatment of
him he made complaint and was ordered
off the premises by George"* wife. When
he appealed to George he was informed
that if she said he must go, that set
tled it.
An inquest was hold at Diamond Sprinps
at 10 o'clock this morning. The jury re
turned verdicts to Coroner Wlnehel charg
ing Zumwalt with willful murder in three
ca?es« and assault to commit murder in
one case. Dr. K. W. Mountain of this city,
who Js attending Mrs. Rose Zumwalt, be
lieves that phe will recover. Everything
is quiet In this city. While there is 'ntense
feeling- against Zumwalt. the disposition
of a-11 is to let the law take its course.
Aged Prisoner Says His Relatives
Had Cheated Him Out of His
Property — Killed Them for
Revenge.
Zumwalt, the Triple Mur
derer, Shows No Re
mors3.
ONLY SORRY
HE FAILED TO
KILL ONE MORE
Mr. Behr adopted the mono-rail system that has been used
v.-ith such success for steam-driven trains. The weight of the
train is borne on a single rail supported on trestles, with :iide
rails to act as guides and prevent rocking. The system was
tried experimentally at Brussels and gave very satisfactory
results.
Though a committee of the House of Commons has reported
adversely to the scheme on the ground that the new line would
diive the old lines out of business, Mr. Behr, and his friends
have good reason to hope for favorable action on another
hearing.
THE latent novelty in the way of transportation is a single
rail line between Manchester and Liverpool projected by
Mr. Behr.
The two cities named are already connected by three lines
of railroad, giving quick service at frequent intervals, but Mr.
Urhr's plan Is different from any of them. It is to follow an
approximately straight line between the two cities without any
intermediate stations. Trains are to run every ten minutes
nnd make the distance, twenty-seven miles, in twenty minutes.
The train consists of two carriages, each provided with Its
own motors. In order to secure safety at this enormous speed
Fastest Railway Train in Ail the World.
ONE HUNDRED MILES AN HOUR.
Special DlEpatch to The Call.
WASHUCGTOSTJ June S.— President llc-
KinJey and Senator Mason have shaken
hands and the breach which has existed
between them for the past year has been
healed. Whi'.e the President was at the
Capitol yesterday signing the last laws
parsed by Congress Senator Mason hap
pened to etop directly in front of the
open door of the President's room to
epeak to his sister, who was passing
through the corridor. President MoKln
ley raised his eyes and they met those or
the Senator. The President at once ad
rasced to the door and the Senator rn
tfrod the room, where the two men shook
hands and had a brief talk. The Presl
der.t asked Senator Mason how long he
would remain in Washington, and learn
ing that he would be here several days
alter the close of the hession invited him
to visit the White House. The Senator
will call on the President to-morrow and
the reconciliation will be complete 1 . As
a. result the Senator will cease his attacks
upon the administration and will be re
rtored to favor at the White House and
will take the stump for President McKin
ley during the campaign. As Senator Ma
son has considerable following in Illinois
his loyai support of the President and
th« Republican ticket will add to the
strength of the party in that State.
CONTESTING DELEGATIONS
ARE BOTH THROWN OUT
DENVER. Colo., June 8.— After two
days' session In convention and an all
night sitting of the credentiaJs committee
in a vain effort to reach a satisfactory
arrangement between contesting delega
tions from this (Arapahoe) county, the
Democratic State Convention late this
afternoon, by an almost unanimous vote,
decided the contest by throwing out both
delegations. Within an hour after this
action was taken the convention had fin
ished its labors and adjourned. The dele
gations from Arapahoe County were
headed respectively by Governor C. S.
Thomas 3 n & Thomas J. Maloney, chair
man of tne county central committee, and
these two gentlemen were both made
delegates-at-large to the Kansas City
After the I>enver delegates had retired
the temporary organization was made
permanent. A committee on resolutions
was named and given thirty minutes in
which to report- While the platform was
being formulated the following delegates
::n«i riH«-rnates-at-large were selected by
acclamation:
D. legates — Governor Charles S. Thomas,
Denver; Thomas I. Maloney. Denver; A.
T. Gtmnell, Colorado Springs; Charles
lienkle. Pueblo.
AUcrnates- Edward Keating. Denver:
Harvey Stuart. Jefferson County; J. H.
Kobesoa, Georgetown; C. D. Copp, Du
:¦¦¦.:.iz>\.
They were instructed to use every ef
fort to secure the nomination of William
J. Hrvm for President and the roaffirma
lioa of the Chicago platform.
The report of the resolutions committee
was short and in line wit!* the utterances
of Mr. Bryan in recent speeches.
Trio delegates from the First Congres
sional Vtftriit named the following na
donal convention delegates and alter
nat< >:
Delegates— John McComb. Lcadville;
\V. L. Seeley. Boulder.
Alternate*— William Gunn. Laramie
County; William Hi'.!. Park County.
The Senator "Will Stop Attacking the
Administration and Support the
President in the Coming
Campaign.
Aii Accidental Meeting Leads
Up to Complete Rec
onciliation.
McKINLEY AND
MASON BECOME
FIRM FRIENDS
Fosse of Armed Men la Scouring the
Country for Them and a Des
perate Fight Is Momen
tarily Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 8.— New River
Station, twenty miles west of Phoenix,
was the scene of one of the most atro
cious crimes in the history of Arizona
Thursday. Four Mexicans attacked An
ton Olson and John Stuart, proprietors of
the station store, caught them outside un
armed and shot both. Stuart fell at the
first shot. Olsen ran toward the store,
but the second shot stopped and finished
him. The murderers robbed the till and
carried away part of the stock.
This morning Deputy Sheriff Nelson of
Prescott. while following the trail of the
Fame party, who had held, up prospector
W. H. Rice, in Vavapai County, reliev
ing him of his poid dust, found the bodies.
He continued on the tnfcil to near Phoe
nix, where he was joined by Sheriff Mur
ray and deputies, A large force is in hot
pursuit. Another party has been formed
to go to the aid of the Sheriff.
The same party of Mexicans held up a
gambling- resort at Globe, relieving the
gamekeepers and players of a large
amount of cash. One week ago they
robbed two prospectors, James Allen and
Charles Krickson. near Jerome of $200 and
two horses, and stole four horses last
week from cattlemen south of Prescott.
A message to-night says the posse is
close upon the murderers. A hard battle
Is expected. A relief force will start from
here to aid the posse early to-morrow
morning. The murderers were last seen
crossing the Arizona canal just north of
Phoenix. Two stopped at a ranch near
there and changed norses, holding off the
owner at the revolver's point. At the
Thoroldsen ranch, three miles further
on. the other two tried the same trick.
Thoroldsen was away from home, but his
wife drove the raiders away, firing five
shots, killing one of the horses and
wounding dne of the party.
Pour Mexicans Kill Two
Men and Rob a Gam
bling-House.
DEPREDATIONS
OF BANDIT GANG
IN ARIZONA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
7
MANILA, June 9, 10:50
a. m. — The native police have
captured the notorious General
Pio del Filar at San Pedro
Macati.
ADVSETI3EMENT3.
.
have been relieved of
female troubles by Mrs*
Pinkham's advice and
medicine*
The tetters of a few are
printed regularly in this
paper*
If any one doubts the
efficiency and sacredly
confidential character ot
Mrs* Pinkham's methods,
write for a book she has
recently published which
contains letters from the
mayor of Lynn, the post"
master, and others of her
city who have made care"
ful investigation, and who
verify all of Mrs* Pink"
ham's statements and
claims* - .;.
The Pinkham claims are
sweeping* Investigate
THIRTY Y£AR3 OF CURBS
$visi? OR- JORDAN'S great4
IMBSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ ' : Sr^ •¦ Th« Largest Anatomiod Mmeum in the \
B 'jjri World. - Weafcnerse* ot *ny comracted g
X SSlSi #i$e»« poiMt**" 1 / *»>«¦•* hy the oldeitT
fj 'Be*S £31 Gpeailist r » tlw Coait Est^ysais $
A A&ZV I CR-JOfiflfiH- PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ vt$30fell Con«tiltition free and strirtly prirats. V
M M jj^U'H Tr» nmcnt pcnonaily rr t,y lenef. A *
\ S 7 Sli Fot.tiva Curt in every ca*e undertake". T
A B I ll» Wiite for Bonk. PniK»HOP«Vef A'
™ U I atHIIIAGE, MAILED FREE. (Af
» n •; ft. '- valuable book tot mm/ - \
9 DaJUBDAR A t'O., 10SI Market St.. S. F. f
4.MTJSEMENT&.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATI'RDAT) JUNE f.
Parquet. TZc any seat; Balcony. 10c: Children,
10c. any cart.
VAUDETII.LE AT ITS HIS1X3T PEHTECTI0N.
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE CO.
and Orpheum Stars.
JOE HART AND CARRIE DE MAS
In "A CLOSE CALL."
FLEURETTE and FRANK GARDINER. MR.
and MRS. JIMMIE BARRY: M1S3 LIL-
LIAN BUP.KHAUT and CO..
Presenting "HER SOLIJIER BOY."
AND TWENTY GREAT 8TAR3 IN THX BS8T
BILL Or THE SEASON.
*TIVOLI*
FINAL MATINEE TO-DAT AT J.
AND LAST TWO NIOHT3 OP
The Romantic Comic Opera,
¦"& GUARDSMEN!"
SPECIAL REAPPEARAN * CE NEXT MON-
Anna Lighter and Edwin Stevens
Together With FERRIS HARTMAN and
Entire Company in the Comic Opera,
"MADELEINE"
Or "THE MAGIC KISS."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MA TINEE~TO-DA Y.
AND TO-NIGHT— LAST TIMES OF
"A RAG BABY"
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
Including
MATTHF.WS and BrLOER. MARY MARF.LE.
WALTER JONES. MAUDE COURTNEY
And Thirty Others, Will Present HOYTS
"A Tin Soldier"
MATINEE TO-D/*"V.
TO-NIGHT FAREWELL.
N. C. MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest Success.
"WHIN WE WEM TWENTY-ONE"
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
KELLAR
The Gr»» v . Hagieiso. Seatt mty, 25s t» $L
MATINEE TO-DAT AT 3:15.
"THE HIT OF THE YEARP
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SCNT>AT. '
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Spectacular Production of
SAPHO!
SEATS SIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON ANI> EVENEIO.
SPECIAL~TO-NIGHT!
MONSTER CAKEWALK!
THE LARGEST YET,
after the vaudeville.
commencing: to-morrow
FRANK HALL AND WALLACE,
THE UNTAMABLE LION.
OrdeT Seats by Phone Park 23.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland,
TO-DA Y AT 3 f*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3Of*.M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PISjrWFR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rioUnr.il o Admi»«io« io«.
GREAT LAMRARDI OPERA 'QUARTET AXO
BIG. ABRAMOFF, In Acts From
"AII>A" and "MIGNON."
MISS MARTINI. TYROLEAN SINGER.
Reaerred 8gAt». 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to It d. m.
Bathinu from 1 a. m. to 10 p. in.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathinz. including admission. 23c: chllrtren. Me.
rt I rr n nil I I Co"*' Fourth not
1 11 rr nf If ul our Spac!al Bn «
unl I U I HL st " m « a;id L *« 8f
**••• ¦¦ •»**•••»• gc. Overcoat* and
| Vallsca checked fr*»
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
FOLUTELT WITHOUT PAIN, by our Utt
fcier.tlfic rr.cthod applied to the rums, no
sk»p-prodi'ctnif agents or cocaine.
These are th« only dental parlor* in Ran
Francisco having: PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Inirredienta to extract, fill and apply if jH
• rowna and porcelain crowns nndetectabta from
ratural teeth, and warranted for ten yean.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full «et of
teeth SS. a perfect fit ruaranteed or na par.
OcM crown*. $1. Gold fllllnits. tl. Silver fill-
inr*. Me. AH work «lon« by GRADUATE DE.V-
T1STR of from U to 10 years' experience, and
rich department In charxe of a ¦peetal!«t. air*
tit a call, and you will find u« to do exactly
•• we advertise. Wa will tall ron In advanc*
eiactly what yonr work will co»t by a KRCS
E¦.XA^fT^'ATT6N.
9^0 laiAlbS B«EjjgSa^a\
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAM FRANCISCO.
POURS. S to C SUNDAYS. 10 t» 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
' INVESTIGATE FIRST;
BUY AFTERWARD !
Tb«O you will Know. Get our
prospectus; It tells thje story.
Ophir Oil Stock
At 50 cents per share Is
the best bargain In oil lo
Catlforola to-day. SPLEN-
DID LOCATION. RESPON-
SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Office. 402 Douglas Block.
¦?- ¦ —*
Cof=farin
is as good for a person as rich,
juicy beefsteak, and Cof-farin is
as palatable, too, when you learn
to like it.
'In time you will miss your Col-
farin at breakfast just as you
would your cup of coffee now.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by tbeaa hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale,
and shopping districts, places of amus«-
rnent and with the further advantage of
having street can to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD St
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to tt SO day;
$3 to }S week; $S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flra grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
*&a&SF^?^l&a E*, 138^ for OonorrlxBaT
*j4EgKJ^CCJaEfe^S£f G]e»t, Spermatorrhoea,
iSaSjr in 1 to 6 4»7s. \3 Whites, unnatural .lla.
J2tfu7 Gcmatwd n charge*, or any Inflcnma*
ffXbjf not to Mrtotar*, tion.t irritation or alcer*
j?---iJPr«TtDU eoaugioB. tlon ot mieoBi mem*
K^JTHEEVAIS CHEMtru Co. brands. Kon-matrinsent
SoId b * D "«ri»ta J
TS^Sk C ". A jrS! ? r aeni lo Plain wrapper,
jragPfW^^EW by eipresfl, prepaid, toi
Y^^Wriv 0 CiKQlAt MIX Utt DUHi
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malia l
1 on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MER2BACH. lawyer, S03 Cal.. aunt* b*.
" ' *
COAL. COXB AND PIO JROX
i F T WII <sfW * Cfl » 00 B«"«ry Street.
J- L- WtLjUtl tt VU-. Telephone Mala USt.'
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Sept. H.* BLTTH. Mfr.
r W SMITH ph| P nurnblne. Steamboat and
Vr if- J.Hilll. Sbla Work a specialty. U and
: 18 AVaihinKtoti st. Telephone Main K41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
i fie RnVFC £ C(\ Shipping Batchers. 104
: JAJ- DuICJ g tl/'aay. Tel. Main 12M.
LITHOORAPHINO.
, The Union lithograph Co.. 325 Sansom* St.,
: Artistic LUhographers and Printers. Govern-
ment Licensee for Imprinting of Revenue
Stamps.
METAL.
1 Kxtra linotype and stereotype metal. Paelflc
!' Metal Wofks, 137-9 First «., San Francisco.
PUlStlSJ.
iff FfTfiPF^ PRINTER.
I- \f IiUUliCJ. Elt ganiKime at.. 3. F.
PRINtros, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
SI First «t., San Francisco.
STATIONS"* AND PRINTED.
Telegraphic FARTRinflF SC« California
Codes. « *» » fllimC «trwrt.
WfllTE ASH STEAM COAL SS^S
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.: at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beat Coal In tb*
market. Office and Yards — 150 Main stre«t.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L~^^>
T«ry •mall uxi a* easy
DEE JCAmEKOFORDIZZIWESS. fi
GENUINE iWl"vE E R SJ TOwoivra. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R CONSTIPATION
WPAPPFR jl f^ " TOR SALLOW SKIM. WflAPPFR
WHAiTfcK \^®M Iron the complex* w KAiTfc]f
_, | OKWDCTa MV*T*AV«jU0IIATU»C.We buy trunks by the carload- That's
why we cell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases. valf»es, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks In our leather
poods department. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
Jll Market street. •
In the Divorce Court.
Captain. John Tremaine Smith, master
of the Pacific liner City of Peking has
been granted a divorce from Henrietta
Jorss Smith on the ground of desertion
John H. Church has been granted a di
vorce from Laura Church for desertion
Blanche E. Robetin was granted a divorce
yesterday from George J. Robetin on the
ground of desertion. The plaintiff was
allowed to resume her maiden name
Blanche Baled. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Sadie Craig against Charles
H. Craig for cruelty, Lizzie Ashley
against Herbert M. Ashley for cruelty
and Andrew S. Vlnd against Maggie E
Vind for desertion.
Warrant Out for Flint.
John Wendt. 22 O'Farrell street, swore
to a complaint In Judge Frills court yes
terday for the arrest of Qeorgre C. Flint
cm the charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. Flint, as secretary of Court Star
of the Mission, Ancient Order of •Forest
ers. Is accused of embezzling $3. which he
received as <Iues from Wendt and failed to
l:a.nd over to the treasurer. It Is alleged
that his total defaJ cations eo far amount
to $17.
Bootblack Stand Wrecked.
Frank Carabclli bought a bootblack
ntand at O'Farrell street and Grant av
enue from Pasquale Addleco. On Thurs
day Addleco and two other men went to
the stand and pulled Carabelll away from
It. They then broke the lock and wrecked
iho stand. Yesterday Carabelli got war
rants from Judge Mopan for the arrest of
Addieco and "John Doe" and "Richard
Roe" on the charpe of malicious mischief.
Too Beady With His Knife.
Aujrclo Capitelli was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court In $1000 bonds by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the charge
of assault with a deadly weapon. He and
his brother Alphonse were accused of
stabbing Erail Bogart in the abdomen at
Broadway an'd Montgomery avenue May
IS during a fight. The Judge dismissed
the charge against Alphonse. as the evi
dence showed tliat he had acted the part
of peacemaker.
SAYS HER INTENDED
PARTNER ROBBED HER
Mrs. E. D. McKinley Swears Out a
Warrant for the Arrest of A. J.
Sampson.
Mrs. E. D. McKinley, at present living
at : 315 Golden Gate avenue, swore to a
complaint in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday for the arrest of A. J. Sampson on
a charge of grand larceny. The warrant
was placed in the hands of Detective Rosa
Whittaker.
Mrs. McKinley said that she came to
the city two days ago from Tulare with
Sampson. They intended to purchase a
business and run it together. She had
every confidence In Sampson. Thursday
he called on her and they went out to look
after some desirable investment. She felt
tired after getting home and complained
of a headache. She lay down on the sofa
In her room and Sampson left, promising
to return again to see how she was get
ting along.
She placed her purse, containing $340
under the sofa cushion for safety. She
dozed off, and when she awoke about 11
o'clock at night and searched for her
purse It -was gone. She ascertained
from her* sister that Sampson had called
after she was asleep and had gone Into
her room. She was satisfied that he had
stolen her purse.
• Sampson registered at the Golden "West
Hotel when he came to the city, but De
tective Whittaker found that he had left
there, and the presumption Is that he has
gone to parts unknown.
Murderer's Attorney Going to Wash
ington in an Effort to Save
Client's Neck.
Thomas William Flannelly, the double
murderer of £an Mateo County, is one
etep nearer the gallows, the Supreme
Court having denied him his petition for
a. writ of error. Flannelly killed his fa
ther In Redwood City while the old man
-was In bed. After the deed be fled, and
•upon being pursued by the officers shot
and killed Sheriff McAvoy. It was for
the mur/Jer of his father that he was con
victed and sentenced to be hanged. H«
appealed from the order of the lower
court denying a motion of a new trial,
b'Jt the appeal was of no avail, the higher
court refusing to interfere.
A few days ago his attorney. L. P.
BoarSman, filed in tho Supreme Court a
petition for a writ of error, claiming that
the errors complained of related to the
facts as presented to the Jury, errors of
law and irregularity of procedure In the
court below. Yesterday the petition was
denied. Klannelly's attorney has not
given up the fight and will leave to-night
for Washington, to lay the matter before
the United States Supreme <TourL
FLANNELLY ? S PRAYER
ONCE MORE DENIED
The Swedish Society of this city has Just
closed its twenty-sixth year and has 292
members in good standing. This Is a net
increase of seven members for the year,
The financial record shows that the pay
ments for sick benefits during the year
decreased $400. There was no death In
twelve months. Since the organization of
the society the sum of $37,541 has been
paid out for sick benefits and donations
to members and their families.
Swedish Society Is Thriving.
Dennis Sullivan's Mistake.
Dennis Sullivan, a shoemaker on Second
street, near Mission, was charged in Judge
Cabaniss 1 court yesterday with discharg
ing firearms within the city limits. The
evidence showed that Dennis on Thursday
night got into a saloon en Dupont street
and was robbed. The robbers followed
him to his home. He ran inside and, seiz
ing his shotgun, returned to the street,
but the robbers had fled. In his excite
ment the gun went off and he was arrest
ed. The Judge dismissed the case and
said he was sorry Dennis had not emp
tied the contents of the gun into the rob
bers instead of into the air.
Young Lawyer Involves Himself in
Difficulties "With Two Pcrw
erful Organizations.
Edward W. Closo, a young lawyer of
this city, is under the phadow of the
gravest eufpicicn by two of the prominent
fraternal organizations cf the Stater Close
is accused of having misappropriated
the funds of both societies and until yes
terday he deliberately evaded any effort
to make an explanation. He ' appeared
yesterday and declared that he would be
able to account for the money which was
entrusted to his keeping.
The lirst offense of the accused man
¦was committed in connection with the af
fairs of Perseverance Lodge of the An
cient Order of United Workmen, of which
Close was secretary. This lodge was
Fusperidod by the Grand Lodge because of
its failure to pay its assessments. Inves
tigation showed that Close had collected
the money but had not turned It over
to the proper officers. The amount was
emali and fearing that a mistake had been
made one of the members made good the
shortage. The. second offense which Close
must yet explain was in reference to the
funds of Blazing Arrow Ixidge of Red
Men which the accused man organized.
He collected from many men initiation
fees which have not been properly ac
counted for, and for two weks the mem
bers have valiily demanded an explana
tion. Close reappeared yesterday and
6aid he could Fatisfactorily explain the
shortage. Unless he does so he will be
prosecuted.
CLOSE WAS TOO LOOSE
WITH FRATERNAL FUNDS
Evidence That He Committed Suicide
Will Be Presented at the
Inquest.
Relatives of the late Emil Rosenbaum,
the Van N^s avenue suicide, are making
a searching investigation into the manner
of his death, and are evidently proceeding
on the hypothesis that he might have
been murdered. In order to obtain evi
dence in the matter Carl Eisenschimel
went to the Morgue to inspect the note
left by the suicide, but the Morgue depu
ties refused to allow him to see it. It will
be produced at the inquest at 10 o'clock
this morning. Autopsy Surgeon Leland
has certified that death was caused by
fatty degeneration of the heart and "prob
ably hydrocyanic poisoning" as the odor
of that/ drug was very pronounced. The
chemist's report which will be made to
the Coroner to-day and the testimony of
the druggist who sold hydrocyanic acid
to Rosenbaum will be offered to prove the
theory of suicide.
ROSENBAUM'S FRIENDS
HINT AT A MURDER
4
of Utah street, 60 feet north of^Seven
teenth, $2400.
The mortgages recorded from. June 1
to June 7, Inclusive of both dates, num
bered seventy-five, and ! amounted to
$356,915. The releases for the same period
numbered fifty-nine and amounted , to
$415,590. The larsrer mortgages placed
of record are as follows: Thomas W. and
Christopher C. Rivers to the Humboldt
Savings and Loan Society, northeast cor
ner of Clipper and Sanchez streets,
$12,000; Duane L. Bliss to Harry T. Scott
and Charles E. Green, guardians of the
estate of Charles T. and Jennie A.
Crocker, east line of First street, 1S7:6
south of Mission, 5120,000, two years at 6
per cent; Pacific Power Company to the
regents of the University of California,
east lino of Stevenson street, 167:6 west of
First, and portion of 100 vara lots 1 and
19, and also the south line of; Jessie street,
155 feet west of First, and portion of 100
vara lot 1, 175.000 for five years at 6 per
cent; Hartland Law to the Humboldt
Savings and Loan 'Society, south side of
Ellis street, 110 feet east of Jones, one
year at 6 per cent; Minnie P. Shotwell
to- the German Savings andjLoan Society,
south line of Fourth street, 171:10% west
of Howard, $18,000 for one year at 7 per
cent; Charles S. and Blanche L. A.
Harker to the HM)ernia Savings and Loan
Society, southeast corner of Kansas and
Army streets, and the east line of Van
Ness avenue, 50 feet south of Turk street,
$11,000 for onej-ear at ti per cent; Emma
C. Baldwin torjthe Hlbernla Savings . and
Loan Society, west line of Van Ness ave
nue, 30 feet BOUti. of Pine street, $20,000 for
one year at 6 per cent; Robert Dalzielto
the Pacific Surety Company, north line of
Mission street, 6S feet east of New An
thony, $12,000 one year at 6 per cent. The
larger releases wore as follows: Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society to Louis J.
Martin. William, Albert, Alexander and
Clara M. Franks ana Virginia and Alfred
J. Marcus, property on north line of Sac
ramento street, east of jurumm, also on
south line of Commercial street, east of
Drumm, southwest corner of Clay and
East streets, northeast corner of Sansome
and Washington, and northeast corner of
Bush and Stockton tMreets, $220,000; Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society to Her
man L. Welch, west side of Spear
street. 1S3:4 north of Mission. $10,000;
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
John C. and Agnes Wilson, northeast cor
ner of Vallejo and Battery streets, $30,000;
Albert Meyer to L. H. Sly. south line of
Ellis street, 110 feet east of Jones, $9000;
German Savings and Loan Society to Mar
tin, Henry and Sarah Beversen, north
east corner of Folsom and Thirteenth
streets, $7500; Mary J. Pinkerton to John
Titus, east line of "Webster street, 1j.u:6
south of California, $5000; Hibernla Sav
ings and Loan Society to Hans J. H.
Koepke, northwest corner of Devisadero
and Ellis st-eets, $6000; Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society to John C. Gouldin, va
rious pieces in the Mission, $25,000.
Large mortgages have been authorized
by the Probate Court: $18,211 on the
northwest corner of Sixth and Bryant
streets, belonging to the estate of Dan
iel Mahoney; on the northeast corner of
California and Webster streets, for i $17,
986, the property of John R. and Herman
E. Wleland, minors.
G. F. Terschuren has contracted for the
grading of the lot on the northeast corner
of Clay and Spruce streets, preparatory to
building.
The deeds placed on record during the
past week numbered 124.
The interest rates on mortgages varied
as follows during the last week: Forty
eight loans at 6 per cent, 3 at 6\i per cent,
8 at 7 per cent, 1 at 7Vfe per cent, 1 at 9
per cent. Private lenders took a mort
gage of $1500 on the north line of Post
street, 115 feet west of Larkin street, at
the rate of 1 per cent per month.
THE California Drydock Company has
conveyed all its Mission Rock and
Hunters Point property to two cor
porations. Mission Rock goes to the
Mission Rock Company, which corpora
tion secures altogether 14.35 acres. The
Hunters Point property has been con
veyed to the San Francisco Drydock Com
pany. The last mentioned transfer In
cludes land, water and water rights and
in fact all the property of the California
Drydock Company, floating docks being
in the lot. The consideration put on record
is J10 in each case. William Babcock, pres
ident of the California Drydock Company,
explains, that the transfers simply consti
tute another phase of the simplification
of the company's affairs. The docks prop
erty will all be bonded by the new dock
company and the wharf property by the
Mission Rock Company. The stockholders
in the two companies will be practically
the same as In the old California Drydock
Company. It is a long time since San
Francisco property was sold on the acre
age basis. This is the explanation of the
transfer, which on the records looks for
midable.
The Real Estate Record, published by
G. H. Umbsen & Co., summarizes the
loans and repayments for the first live
.months of the present year as follows:
Mcnth — Loans. Repayments.
January $2.G15.H2 J2.046.310
February l,770,3Ti 2,205, 0S0
March 1.331,12!) 1.CC7.4S7
April K5.6.-.4 1,041.208
ilay 1.377,iHX) 5«6,0ol
Tcta!? JS,2.;0,213 J7.426.10S
Speaking of the causes which will add
to the greatness of San Francisco, the
Real Estate Record says that the Im
proved Australian and Tahiti service to
be guppiicil by the Oceanic Steamship
Company beginning November 1 will have
an ellect that will soon become apparent.
"The Oceanic Steamship Company will
experience the first benefits of this in
creased trade, but San Francisco in gen
eral will likewise participate in the growth
cf business thus brought about. These
changes, mark an epoch in the history of
this port and Indicate its growth as a
great commercial city — to be in a .short
time the metropolis of the eastern coast
ot the Pacific, as New York is the me
¦ tropoiis of the western shore of the At
lantic."
The sales of the week have not been
as large as during the preceding seven
days. There are several large transac
; tio'ns that may soon be closed. The fact
! remains true that it is easier to make a
large deal in business property than a
small one In residence property. The Von
Rhein Company has sold for $30,000 the
northwest corner of Montgomery avenue
and Green street, fronting 90 feet on
Montgomery avenue and 7S feet on Green
street. On the lot is a two-story building
containing stores and lodging house, rent
ing for fc.70 per month. The seller Is O.
M. Goldarecena and the purchaser George
C. Alfreitr.
Sarah E. Gouldin has sold \e A. C.
Hlndman. through Bovee, Toy & Sonntag,
the southwest corner of Valencia and Hill
streets for $50,000. 1 he lot is 114x135 feet.
Upon it is a store and flat building.
Bovee Toy & Sonntag have sold for E.
M. Helnn a tract of thirty acres across
the bay at Piedmont, next to the William
J. Dingee tract. The price paid Is JSO.O'JO
at the rate of $1000 per acre. The pur
chaser is P. S. Goldman.
The improvement of Telegraph Hill is
treated by Marsden Manson In the Mer
chants' Association Review. He linds
that there are streets on the hill that
have excavated sixty and eighty feet be
low the official grade^as on Green street
between Sansome and Montgomery and
on Wlnthrop street between Kearny.
Montgomery. Chestnut and Lombard
streets. This grading will, if continued,
Mr Manson says, in time excavate other
streets below official grade and will de
stroy Pioneer Park, as far as present ele
vation and grades are concerned. He fa
vors the establishment of one or more
streets located upon light frades and
fitted to the topography of the hill. He
cgyg •
"de'veral such strtets (such as are men
tioned in the preceding paragraph) are
possible, starting from advantageous
points and reaching the summit upon
grades of from 6 to 6 per cent (5-100 or
6-100). The easterly face of the hill can
be treated eo as to give permanent slopes
and at the same time permit of grading
property on the east base of the hill. This
latter project is possible, and the pre
liminarv studies already made indicate
that it "is advisable. Whenever time and
means shall admit a definite study can
be made which will determine the princi
pal features and approximate cost.
Building contracts filed during the past
week were as follows: Enterprise Brew
ing Company with Fred Miller, for a one
storv addition to the persent building, fox
125; "Alvinza Hay ward with Thomas W.
Butcher for brickwork In walls an back-
Ing of stonework for a 11-story building
on the northeast corner of California and
Montgomery streets, for basement and up
to the seventh story inclusive. $1S,SSO:
Fame with Western Expanded Metal and
Fire Proofing Company for fire proofing
floors and roof .• $11,370; S. G. Nix with A.
Harrington, all work except painting for
a one and a half Btory frame building on
Eleventh avenue. 22j feet south of H
street. S1©X); Michael de Joy, Frank Ariel
and Joseph Direnzo with Joseph XV. Fish,
alterations and additions to a four-story
and basemf nt frame building on the north
side of Gre^n street, 40 feet west of
Kearny. $4100; George W. Elder with C.
Krecker. all work except concrete for a
two-story frame bunding on the west side
of Guerrero street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first. $3351: Gertrude 8. Bowers
with J. G. Grannls, for installing a low
pressure steam heating apparatus In a
four-story brick huildlng on the south
west corner of California and Battery
streets'. 542S1; Louis 13. Hetty with Jameu
J. Manseau, for two-story basement and
attic frame building on the east line of
Ashbury street, 50 feet south of Hayes,
$CT00; John Schroeder with Robert Trost.
all work except draining, plumbing, gas
fitting, etc. for a- one-story frame resi
dence on west Jine of Shotwell street. 260
feet north of Twenty-sixth. $2G5jO; M. Det
tline with C. P. , Moore.- for a two-story
frame building and stable on the west line
secretary of Robin Hood Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America, a
position she has filled in a most creditable
manner, having on a number of occasions
been complimented for the businesslike
manner in which she keeps her records.
Last year she was elected grand treas
urer of the order, which on last Thursday
advanced her to second place. She is also
a member of Buena Vista Parlor*of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West, In
which she has held the office of marshal,
was advanced to third vice president and
recently advanced to second vice presi
dent.
mRS. KATIE AGEE of Merced.who
last Thursday was elected grand
chief companion of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America to
pucee«?d Mrs. Flora Jacobs, Is a lady who
has been in fraternal life for a number
of years. She rlso holds membership in
Mercedes Chapter of. the Order of the
Kastern Star, having filled a number of
offices In that body, rising to the highest
office— that of worthy matron
Miss Alice Ticoulet, who was elected
grand sub-chief companion, is ii book
keeper and resident of this city. She has
for a number of years been the recording
Two Chief Officers of Companions of Forest of America.
A Pleasing Reception and D&nca
Given by Happy Young Women.
Reunion of Class
of '96.
s *
"Juniors" and "middlerE" held "jinks"
at the G!r!s f High School yesterday after
r.oon. They danced and r r a-ttlcd, sang
ar.d made merry as or-ly sweet schoolgirls
know how. It was a grala day in the history
cf the two classes. It was a sort of a joint
celebration In honor of both classes
. assuming higher studies and ascending
ar.othcr rung- of the ladder which will
eventually lead to graduation. Staid
echoolma'ams watclied over the flock of
young ladies ar;fi w hen two young men
attempted to enter the sacred portals
of the auditorium they were shooed away
as if they vrere Ill-omened birds of prr-y.
The fr'.£h school spielers are already
xsaking tht'r blandishments felt. As spe
cial guests cf Loth classes the ninth
grade grammar school misuses who will
«?nter high school at the beginning of
next term were present in larcc numbers
as honored guests. Thoy were danced
and feted by the "juniors" and "mld
dlers," and entered into the "jinks" with
a.1. the spirit of old scholars.
It was aa easr matter to distinguish
the "junior" and the "middler." as they
are termed in the red brick building at
Geary and Scott etreets. All "juniors"
wore their hair up and had frizzes, curls
covering their high foreheads. The "mid
dlers," although a few years older, looked
much younger v.ith their hair hanging
down their short waists in jrtrly, girly
fashion. Some wore psyche knots and
double braids, while others wore their
locks in a knot heavy enough to keep
their heads back.
MIfs Leila Samuels played all the
inarches she knew and the young ladies
danced two steps- until she was tired of
her contract. Each girl was armed with,
a dainty programme, on which was jot
ted down the name of the "man" with
whom she was to dance.
Intermingled with the dancing were
sonps bv Miss Katherine Black. Miss
Eleana Koeckel and Miss Edith Gordan.
Miss Cera Cleveland and Miss Celia
Friedman won deserved applause by their
excellent recitations, and Mrs. Prag, one
of the most popular teachers in the insti
tution, delig-hted the girls with a short
narrative of her experiences as a high
school pirl.
Promptly at 3 o'clock the pianist ren
dered "Home, Sweet Home, and like
dutiful school pirls. the merrymakers
tiled out mid home, leaving the hall in
the keeping of the class of 'S6. The mem-
T>ers of that class, to the number of fifty,
returned to do honor to their alma mater.
Nearly a score of the young women pres
ent were either graduates of the Univer
sity of California or about tQ graduate.
Some were married and had their babes
¦with them. Th<re was dancing and sing
ing and refreshments were served. The
success of this class reunion was due to
the efforts of Miss G. G. Hawkins, Miss
Alice Marsh and Miss Mcinlnger.
"Juniors" and "Middiers"
Entertained Grammar
Graduates.
JOLLY JINKS
HELD BY HIGH
SCHOOL MAIDS
TO RULE COMPANIONS
OF FOREST OF AMERICA
Declare Multiplication of High -Sal-
aried Officials Responsible for Ex-
cessive Expense— Ask Amend
ment of Charter.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs addressed an open letter to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday of which
the following is a copy:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors, City
and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen: The
budget adopted by the honorable Board of 1
Supervisors is a disappointment to the people
who have been laboring zealously for the
growth and advancement of San Francisco.
Our hope for a better condition of affairs has
proved a disappointment. The majority of
the Supervisors, although pledged previous to
the election "to a liberal policy of public im
provements." has neglected its opportunity and
plain duty. The failure of Boards of Super
visors In the past to appropriate funds to make
preliminary improvements in the outlying
districts was recognized as a loss to the city
In that Its growth westerly was retarded.
Cities across the bay. have been getting the
surplus population" while our suburban dis
tricts have been waiting- for the funds, to open
streets and sewers and thereby make these
localities habitable. We had looked for a new
era on the adoption of the present charter
and the election of officials pledged to "a
liberal policy of public Improvements, economy,'
home rule and civil service."/ We flnd, how
ever, our officials have been liberal only to
the taxeaters. Public improvements aeem a
secondary consideration and, yet worse, have
been entirely Ignored.
We believe that the multiplication of high
salaried officials Is responsible in a large meas
ure, if not wholly, for the costly administra
tion under the new charter. The new im
provements so urgently required are to be
delayed and we see that no relief is to be
obtained from the present Board of Super
visors. Our only remedy Is through amend
ments to the charter and we therefore favor
the resolution presented to your honorable
board that a committee of three be appointed
by the Mayor to draft amendments to the
charter for the purpose of reducing the ex
penses of administration, and also that section
making provision for a particular fund to be
designated the '•public improvement fund."
which shall be devoted exclusively in the mak
ing of public ' improvements and which fund
shall not be less than £>00,000 per annum.
We stand ready and are anxious to co
operate In this work and have under con
sideration a plan somewhat on the same lines
which we intend to agitate and get the opinion
of the people thereon. Respectfully,
A. S. LILLIE,
President Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs.
Mission 4 Federated Clubs
Address Open Letter to
Supervisors.
TAX BUDGET IS
REGARDED AS A
DISAPPOINTMENT
THE SAJiT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
8
REAL ESTATE NEWS
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
•«tTTnr.K?i wAvtrtv eonTAMV,
(r«ciriQ mv«tkm.)
Trftlna !•••»»«¦ «••••» nrf «!•••• I* nr»l»» ••
(Main Line. Too* of Market Street)
WTK "- yitou Mat 13. 1300. - *»*!?»
•7:OO» Benlrf*. Sntann. Elmil*. V«e»»tB<V
Uumiey »ud "7m»»
•7:OOa ShwU ExnrfM-D..TL§, Williams (foi
Bartlett SprlnpX Willow, lied
¦ Bluff. Portland. TiM*
•7:3«»» M»rHiie».S«ol:»>«on.ValIeJo.N»p*.
<J»ii«t"«>» »'"! 8»nt» Kon ":••"
•S:OOa Da»l«. Woodland. Ki.fghU Lmndtoe.
MarjBTille. Orotillo i'l:"- .li'lZ*
•MiOOa Atlantic Kxprera-Ogden and Ea*t 'IlKa*
•»a«»A 8»» Jo»e. 14»ertiiori.. HtocJfciu.
Ion*. SierameiiU} P «;r»iUe. -*"
M»r-»»i:i«. Chlco, KaU ItlnlT. ...... M»ia»
•i:3»»O«k,!»>, Chlne«» (for TowmlU).
Sji,«r:» Cmiten. .f'12*
•9:OO» fUywnr.il. Wilr«»nd Waj Station.. 'Ill***
•OiOUa Los Aofoles ExpreM — M»rtin<».
Tr»cy. LftUirop. rltookton, Merced
and Fresno *•«•!
•O-.ItO* Vallei-i Maitin'ex and W»> Station* **it!i*
• I i):o«»» Th« oVerUncl Umitad-Ogdeu. D«n-
w. Omaha. Chicago •OtISF
•>>:oo* Nile*. IJfennore, Stock Km Sacr»-
ment-. Memlota. llanfurd. VUalla.
PcrtMTlll* I™ 1 !**
¦I9HMM HaywMiia. Nlles and W»J SUtloni. *,*••"*
tl:««F Sacramento KlTsrSManiMS.... ...... l* 1 ?!!^
•a:O»p Howard*. Nile* ami Way Station*. •»|4!>»
•4:»or Martin.*. Kau lUmo... Vallojo.
N»|>*. Call»ti)K». Saiila lto»a •»•!»•
MiO»r Benici*. Winters, Hmttuntv^O.
Wooillsml. Knfslita Undiuf.
Marimille. Orotllla •¦• '«¦•
•4i»Op Nllej. .Sau Jnmaud Stockton *7il*V
•SsOOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Trarao.
Bakcreaelil. na;igus (or Banta Bar-
bara. Irf>* Aniele*. ••
•SiOOr Fresno rauenger— Marttnrs. Lakh.
rpn. Stockton, Merest. Berend*
(Raymond for Yo«eim»«). Kn»mv. M3tW
•SilSr Ke* >ileaa* Express— Haker«n«lil.
Santa !l«i-ii«r». l.im Angeles. Dem-
Ing. Kl I»uo. Mew Otleau* and
Ea*t •¦lOa
•3il*r Mtnta V" iinii'to-Atlaiillo ExprMS
¦ for Mojute au.l Rant *Al43 B
•8:O«p H»y w»r.l*. Nile* and iian JoSl «7» 4»4
ttttOOr Vall<sJ<» •!»»!•»
¦Utwwr Orientat Mail— Og.len. Ctaefenna. .
Omaha. Chicago ..— •!•*€»*
*«:«Or Orient*! .M&il-Ogden. Denver,
Omaha. Chloiso Milaf
t7tO«r Vallttj". Turl C'cmU and W*r Hta-
•»iO3r Oregon *aud' California* idi-reim. hu'o-
l*mm.t». M^rjiollle. llr.UlnR.
rortUml. I'm-t ,i,,i.,..l and rant «•«!»>
COAST DlflXlIM (Sariix? <l«or.e).
<Foot of Market SUeat.»
17:45a Hanta Cruz Excursion for Hanta
Crua and Frlncfi-al Way Station* :Si«3r>
•¦iIBa Newark, CBi.ter»lll«-.S»n.>«»f>.K»ltoii.
2JotiMeiCiftek.Hsr.taC'riix*ml\Yay
Htations »eia«r
? 3il.Tr Newark, OnterTltlit. Kaii Jose, Naw
Alma.lea. »«lti>n. ll.ml.lrr Creek.
Hunt, Crux and Principal Way
XuMox* fl«t»«4
•4il!»r Newar!fc,N«n .Ions, ton Gato« •>!:.•»•»
O4:l3r Olenwocil. Felton. hanta Cnn; «*;.1»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmSl* JR4K1SC0— ?«t «' Mirkil SUtd (Sii* «>—
•7:1S 9. GO :i:OO*.K. 11:03 *2:C3 13:80
•4:C3 15:33 •6:C3i'.»i.
frtaOllUn- ful ir8r«id««j.— *«:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
t»:03 "1:03 tSOO *3:C3 li:03 *5:03f.ll.
COAST IHYISIO* (llroa<H<an|r«).
(Third ..i.d Townacn.l 8t».)
t«i I «A Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. t6*2«r
t?:O»A San Jnse »m) W'»y MsUhm (.Vew
AIii.Vi-i. \Ye<l>ie*<1anmil)) *li30»
t?:30» Sunday Excursion f r Han Jose,
Santa Cnn, 1'adfic IJrore and
Principal Way Stations X3:33»
•«¦«»» Han Jmn. Tim I'lno*. ."Untu I'm*.
JPncine Urine. Pa«n litiMes, Man
l.nls Ol.i«i..>, 8urf, l.ompoc ami
l'rlnei|>al \V»y Suiiotia •»:!•»
•IfMIO* San J.uie ami W»y Stations "•**•«
•IIiSWa S«n.ln«.-,LosGatoaa»dW»; > 'St»!.l.ms *3::ior
tat ISr San Mat-... 1C-.U-. ,.:.!. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sau.li.se,
Tret Finos. Santa Cruz. Sailuas,
Monterey ami 1'ucirlc Grot*. .4... fin::tA«
fStSOr San Jose and Way Stations ...."... ¦?**•¦
Hsl&r San Joseaml Principal Way Station* *«: 1-V»
t3:OOrS»o Jos*. Loa Gato* and Priuci;al
Way Stations tO:O«»
•3:30 r flauJnao ami Principal W.iy .Stations t" : '"»»
•«::»»»• Sau .Ios» an.l W»y Htatlons ? i «:'»«a
«ll;i3p San J.*m-» ii.I War S>.atl..n* »":3«»p
A for Morning V lor A ftemonn.
•Daily. t Mmnlav rtrevrrd J bnndsy only
¦ feuonlay -nly.
a SstnrdaT aTl <-••'-- •¦¦•.-,'.» »nd Mon<1*T
CALIFORNIA N3STSWE5TESN BY. CO.
LESS3B
SAN FRAKG1SC0 AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuroa Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WKKK DATS— 7:30. 9:C0. ll:C0 a. ra. : 13:85.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:5a
and 11:30 n. m.
BUNDAY3-8.0O. »:30. 11:60 a. m.: 1:30. 3.3X
6:00. 6:30 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. T:SO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 13:«.
8:<0. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 o. m.
8VNDATS— «:10. l":40, 11:19 a. m.: 1:49. « «K
.5:05, 6:25 p.m. ""-
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule aj above.
I>av« [ In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.) San Franfrgca.
Week J Sun- I ! Sun- I Ween"
Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Daym.
7:30 am 8:C0 »m Novato. :0:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm >:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roea. 7:35 pm t 6:20 pm
Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:35 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
. Oej-aerrilla.
8:80 pra S:00 am Cloverdal«. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami J Hopland I 110:23 am
8:30 pml 8:00 ami and Ulclah. | 7:35 prn| 6:20 pra
.': > ami 10:25 a-a
I 8:00 am Gaemevtlle. 7:33 pin
8:30 ptaj t:K pra
7:40 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ana
I and
5:13 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 8:S3 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:30 pm| S:jO pm| Sebastopol. | 7:83 pm| 6:20 pm
Stajres connect at Santa Rosa for Stark Weat
SiriniBrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton *
for Altniria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle 'or Sicasss Springs : at Clover Jal*
for the Oersers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KFlseyvlIIa, Carls*
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lftkepcrt nnd Bartiett
Springs: at TJklah for Vichy Sprtnsrs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lfwley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedtin Heights, Hullvll>. Orr"« Ho«
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brag?:. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins,
, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trlw ticket* at
reduced rates. (
• On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «30 Market St.. Chrontele bid*
H, C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC'COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
/ Commencing April 22. 19C0.
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1UT*
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:90. •8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.i
13:45. *1:45. 3:13. 4:15. •5:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdaya
and Sundays, at 9.-C0 and 11:33 p. m.
8UNDAYS-7:0O. *8:C0. -9rOO. »10:00. 11:00. u : j«
a. m-; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. '3: 15, 5:00. 6:00, 7:20
P. tn.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
day*. .
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-;.:35. *e:30. 7:20. S:40, «10:lJ «.
m.: 11:30. 1:15. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIFS on Mondays. Wednesday*,
and Saturdays at *fi:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDATS— «:15. *S:00. *9:50. »ll:C0a. m.; Tj-oj
m.; 1:CO. 2:15. '3:30. 4:30. r i:K, 6:45, 7:30, iu:»»
p. m.
• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLKT TO SAN FP.A.NC13CO.
WEEK DATS— 6:53. 6:45. S:00. S:J3. 10:JO a.
m.; 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:20. 4:S0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA "T-lIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:35. 8:05. 10:03. 11:10 a. ra.; 121L.
1-20 1:30. 3:43. 4:5T.. 6:15. 7:C". l0:C0 p. in.
TIIROCOH TRAINa
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
3:15* p. m. Saturdaya— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5.15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptsd)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. rn. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
«tatlcns.
WABASH
NJAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FP.OM
Chicago. Kansas City and St. Lonis
to
New York and New Fngland Foints.
Finest thiouzh train service, with polite and
as. CRAKE. O. P. a£? AD «"«'
--- , 8U Louis, Mo.
f Wr.JGIibboii's Dispensary,
f& <K jflKrf Vii i! *** l0 . r th e treatment cl Private
Kira^J I ,! lRf ' aSPS ' : MniihfMKi rvbtlitv or
•^aH^gfig skin Disease Th« fioctorcureswht.il
Or, a. *•. «IBB«S, box 133T.Saa b tiocuS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
»w wharf, San Francisco:
lS5S^__ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
kW??S&>v June 10 > 15 - 2 "- 25 - 30 - July 5 -
fc*l>**2e**k Change to company's steam-
Is5rt*&ruAa ers at Seattle.
C<£\5LiM Val *"°r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
MfixdrfipUl c ->. Port Townsend. Seattle.
l wr *WLiriBiMl Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes,
and New Whatrom (Wash.)—
~ "*H 11 a, m.. June 10, 15. 20. 25. 30.
July 6, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June
12, 17, 22. 27, July 2, and every fifth- day
thereafter. • _. „
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Saji Luis gblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Ssn Pedro (Lcs Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June S. 12. 18. 20. 24, IS. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjreles and-Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., June 10. 14, 18. 22. 26, 30, July 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalpna Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. Bailing dates and hours of sailing
without irevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 Klrst Class including Bert^
lAnC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 12. 22. July 2
COLUMBIA sails June 17, 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. '
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. : -
Superintendents.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LlNE.JTB'ilw'y. N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved' if secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. A(tts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. corner Sansome. S. F.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello." .
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. ro.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503. <^-*
FARE SOc
_BAILBOAD TKAVEL.
&+• +&
4J~>
| Philadelphia i
g AND RETURN via p
1 Santa Fe I
1 Rouie.., I
O Tickets Sold June joi
| 12th and 13th good £
« to return 60 days, o
I Office, 628 Market St. 1
c&oeMoec8Kee«eggog?aDa39»M»»gcecKa3
MOUNT. TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m,
SUNDAYS.. ..8, 9, 10. 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:30 p. m,
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Mi £ ¦¦¦
¦ in Vb §¦ No. 2.
I have given persoaal inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on tbe human system, and
(Bast say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction. /
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Colleff*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loejr standing*. ( Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Bnlargred Prostate Gland, no matter if the patieot9 have bcea for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
AH cases of lmpotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vipor and
vitality. Ithnosiimnlaut. Its effects are permanent and lasting'. Will en re any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Will remove en.
tirelr from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
_t» addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locotnotor
A.tazia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of tbe nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
?-»rs. It is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
FfHEjfo Cfg^ E23 absolnttl; safe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of the
fiZra H feZ heart, it you are suffering 1 from any chrouic disoase you are nrped to
BaSL Eta p*9 vrrito to us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines yon
QliaE^I baTe tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
™ That Ton may judge of the "ralne ot the GrMt Specific for yourself,
wa will send yon one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
wain en red yourself yon will recommend it toothers. Write confidentially to onr medical
4£f»artment, giving sjmptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
1 Address M. I. S.T. Co., Toledo, 0.
SAMPLES OF OUR
HANDIWORK
demonstrate the superiority of the United
States Laundry. You'll find them In our
office and also on the persons of scores of
well-dressed people in San Francisco.
Such people are the heralds. of our skill.
They carry the proof of it everywhere,
and they confirm and extend our popu-
larity. "No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off lce-363 12th Street.
4 ¦ ¦¦ »
E\7ER"V DOLLAR
' TOU INVEST IN
1 OPHIR OIL STOCK
will be devoted to actual de-
velopment of - the property.
The officers of the company
draw NO SALARIES and are
not dependent on stock sales
for a livelihood. The company
is organized to
and establish a business ot
profit. Some stocks are dear
at any price.
OPHIR OIL STOCK
. Is cheap at Its present selling -
price. Fully paid and non-
assessable. Call or send for
prospectus.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY ,
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Lot Angeles Office, 402 Douglas Block.
' "
OCEAN TBAVEL
AMERICAN LINE.
RXW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis.. ......June 13 St. Louis July 4
New York.. .....June 20 New York July 11
St. Paul June27St. Paul ....July IS
'RED STA.H LINE.
New YorSr crjd Antwsn.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland June 13 Kensington July 4
Southwark June 20 Noordland July 11
Westernland ...June 27 Friesland July IS
EMPIRE LINE,
20 Montgomery St.
S.' S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 20, July 31, August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
30 Montgomery ' Street.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First ahd Brannan streets, 1 d. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONOKONO MARU
Thursday, June 14, 19C0
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
i.. '..Friday, August S. 1900
. . Via Honolulu. '
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market strpet. corner First.
.. W. H.-.AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAQNIS GENERALS TKAN8ATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of fi3T\
Saturday, from November 2,' 1899. at •5*a»--*r l
10 n.: m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton at. L.A LORRAINE, June 14; LA
CHAMPAGNE. June 21: L'AQUITAINE. : June
28: LA TOURAINE. July 5. First class to
Havre. J60 and upward ; 5 per cent reduction
on round triD. Second class to Havre. Jl.V. 5
per cent reduction on round trio. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, . 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F.- FUGAZI f: CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery atenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.-HONOLITLU, APIA
•Al'CKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS.' MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.... Wed., June 13,8 d. m
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)..... „,
......:..... Wednesday, June 27 "1900,: 2 p. m.
3. 0. SPntcKELs & u:';G2>.cO., msi*.. .1* Montqonicn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight omce,321 Market Sl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
* L.W. KNAPP. M.D.
Bimply send your name and address to Dr. L.
W. Knapp. 1GS9 Hull bids.. Detroit, Mich., and
he will sladiy send the free receipt with full
directions - so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mail show what men think of ,
his reneroslty: , . .
"Dear Sir: — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have . given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit ; has
been extraordinary. It- has completely braced
; me ud. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir:— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strengtn
and vigor ; have ' completely returned and • en-
largement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir:— Yours was received and I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say It Is a boon to. weak
men. I am greatly Improved in size, strength
and vigor." ¦ *
.AH" correspondence iis strictly confidential,
mailed In Dlain' sealed envelope. \The receipt In
1 free for the asking and he wants every man to
ihav« it, vThe Ladles' Auxiliary Convention will
consist of the following* named delegates,
as also the delegates from Los Angeles,
not yet named:
County officers— Mrs. E. Butters, county pres-
Solar.o County: P. Dineen, F. J. Ferguson, J.
BroFn.iban, J. J. Dolan, J. Cavanaugh, T. V,
Collins.
Sacramento County: W. O'Brien. William
Ryan. Michael Butler, George Rlppon, Owen
Sheridan. Michael Egan.
Santa Clara County: Division No. 1 — Michael
Nlhill. Thomas McN'ally, James Mullally. John
Gusrln, Mgrtln Dalton. No. 2— James Farrell,
Patrick Jjenafcan. James Logue, Thomas Car
ney. Matthew Crowe. No. 3— T. R. Dougherty,
R. F. McMahon. John W. Clute, H. J. Dough
erty. William Call. '
Santa Cruz County: • P. Dorsey, Michael
Curry. John Rooney. Edward Griffith, "William
Murphy, Patrick N'eary.
Nolan, Thomas "Walsh. George Shields, B. Duf
fey. No. 2 — D. S. McCarthy, R. Heaney, A.
Lynn, J. J. Pegnam, Edmond J. Murphy. No.
3— T. J. Desmond, B. McManus, J. Brlen, James
¦¦/mith. No. 4— Frank McAllister. John Kenny,
W, J. Ca^hin. Charles E. McCarthy. Michael
Murphy. Xo. 5 (Berkeley)— J. M. I>oyle, M. C.
Mahoney. J. Hallon, T. Devine. M. J. Power.
No. 6— John Forrest, M. Coakley. J. R. Kelly,
F. Ryan. James Kcl'.er.
THE State Convention of the Ancient
Order of Hiberians will hold its ses
sions in Oakland this year, begin
ning next Monday. The session will
open at 1 p. m. at California Hall, and
in the evening an entertainment and ball
will be given at Reid Hall by the Ala
meda divisions. Tuesday and Wednesday
the sessions will be continued and a ban
quet will be given Tuesday evening. The
State officers for the term, two years,
will be elected and a very active can
vass I? being made. Many new Ideas will
be brought up and this promises to be
a very Important convention for the or
der.
The Ladies* Auxiliary convention will
al?o meet Monday, at 1 p. m., at Hlber
n!a Hall. 120 Ninth street, this city. This
will be the first convention of the ladies
and they have considerable -work before
them. State officers will be elected for
the first time and a State organization
perfected. A banquet will close their
convention.
Following are the delegates to the Oak
land convention: Rev. D. O.' Crowley,
State chaplain; J. J. Donovan, State pres-
ident; Ed-ward I. Sheehan, State secre
tary, and John P. Henry, State treas
urer.
San Francisco: Division No. 2— Bartley Lee,
M. K. Donleavy, T. L. Clancy, John Kenny, M.
C. Gorham. No. 3— M. J. Manning, Jamea
Burns. M. II. McCafferty, P. J. Sheehy. J. J
Donahue. Xo. 6— Thomas J. Norton, Captain
M. J. Wrin, Charles J. Collins, J. It.
John Hagerty. No. R— J. J. Moran, Charles Mc-
CrjBtle. John W. Shinkwtn, J. H. Maginnls.
Frank Conklln. No. 9— J. C. Ryan. James C.
Daly, Edward Nolan. Frank Boland, Michael
Whflton. Sa. 10— John Coughlln. George J.
Lowe, J. H. Dolan. M. Donohoe, John Donohoe.
No. 11— Daniel Fltzpatrick. John Brennan, F..
D. Sullivan, B. J. Nolan. "William Callopy. No.
12— John V. Dicnan. Thomas Ssearey, Charles
Hurley, Thomas I>oyle. J. F. Kenault. Xo. 14 —
John P Henry. John S. Banner-man. Dr.
Charles J. McCarthy, P. J. Kelleher, P.
O'Urien. No. 17— M. Duane, • M. O'Malioney,
John O'Gara. M. E. McDonnell. R. S. Shenston.
No. 20— Eugene O'Connor, Patrick Maloney,
William O'Shaughnessy, M. E. McEvoy, John
O'XeiL
Los Ans?le» County: P. J. McCarthy. M. J.
McGarry. P. J. O'Connor, T. J. Cunningham.
T. J. McGoniele. D. M. McGarry.
Monterey County: Thomas Conley, John H.
Cunan, James F. Riordan, Martin Wallace.
Nevada County: J. Dunnlcllff, O. C. Conlan,
John B. Byrne, Rev. P. J. Cline. T. H. Carr, M.
Hanly.
Oakland: Division No. 1— M. H. McQuire, Con
Officers of the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
To Extend Harrison Street.
OAKLAND; June 8. —The street com
mittee of the City, Council has decided to
open Harrison street north of Twentieth
to : Boulevard ' : terrace. . It is proposed- to
have the extension form a portion, of >. the
Lake Merritt- boulevard. -*4BfiH&
OAKLAND. June 8.-District Attorney
Allen and Supervisors .William H. Chuv:h
and George Roeth leffthis morning for
Sacramento, where they. will appear be
fore the State Board of Examiners as a
committee fnm Alameda County.- to as
certain why the State has not allowed a
number of .Indigent claims presented by
the Board of Supervisors of this county.
Under the laws of the State governing
indlgents, each county Is alloweda cer
aln amount per capita for the support of
aged paupers and half orphans under the
age of 14 years. The claims are presented
yearly to the Board of .Examiners. No
money has been received by -Alameda
County for the last fiscal year, and there
Is now'due about - $17,500.
According to Expert Bullock the Coun
ty Infirmary fund, if replenished with- the
money due from the State, would prove
ample to meet all * accumulated claims on
which payment has been stopped because
of the fear that their liquidation would
exhaust the v fund. . : :
ALAMEDA COUNTY WANTS
MONEY FROM THE STATE
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the Ninth Judicial'. Circuit will
have the islands - of | Hawaii added to its
already extensive domain on June 1,4, in
conformity with the provisions of the act
providing | for the ¦ government of ; the \ ter
ritory formed by them. All writs of error,
writs and appeals taken from the action
of the. District Court of ; Hawaii will , bo
under the jurisdiction of the • United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Judicial District, now composed of
California, Oregon, "Washington, Nevada;
Idaho, Montana,. Arizona and Alaska.;
It is" not generally, known to! the, laity
that the Court; of. Appeals; is a court; of
last resort; in other words,' a Supreme
Court, .from whose decisions there can" be
no appeal .except, 'ori Issues affecting
treaties ; between the- United: States .'and
foreign powers , and _ the constitutionality,
of laws.": Its decisions are not 'revlewable
by the Supreme Court of the ¦ United
States except' by* writ of 'certlorari "In.
cases where two Courts of. Appeals render
conflicting, and .contradictory -.opinions
upon the same Issue. Then the United
Decisions of This Tribunal Not Re
viewable in 4J1 Cases Even by
United States; Supreme /
Justices.
Ninth Appeal District Soon
to Embrace Hawaiian
Islands.
CIRCUIT COURT'S
JURISDICTION IS
TO BE EXTENDED
States Supreme Court steps in as umpire
and renders the final decision.
In the Ninth Circuit some of the most
notable decisions in the law books have
been rendered, particular*:' those by Jus
tice Stephen J. Field or. . personal rights
in the Chinese cases and In matters of
constitutional law. It Is a court of great
dignity because of the learning and high
standing of the Judges composing, it. At
certain times, a Justice of the United
States Supreme Court sits as a member,
hears cases and hands down opinions,
which become part of the legal history of
the country. The members of the. Court
of Appeals hold office for life, and the sal
aries they receive from the Government
are claimed to be much too small for the
character and caliber of the men who oc
cupy the bench. Because of the life ten
ure they are beyond the reach of the po
litical vengeance of disappointed litigants,
and they are removed from and indepen
dent of the powerful influences which
sometimes contaminate the ermine under
the political system.
J. J. Moran. Mrs. H. Mulvihlll, Mrs. C. B.
Flanagan.
' Columbia Circle No. 2— Mrs. Theo. Richards,
Miss Mary Fou.15% Mrs. B. F. Kraut. Mrs.
James Martin. Mrs. Lena O'Donnell.
Emmet Circle No. 1. Ban Jose— Mrs. M. Far
rell. Miss Eliza llit'Cins. Mrs. C. McN'ally. Mrs.
\\\ B. Ward, Miss L.. Chavernay, Mlas X. SIc-
Grath.
The great festival to be given by the
order on July 4, at Schuetzen Park, San
Rafaol. is attracting great attention in
general Irish circles as well as among
the Ancient Order of Hibernians. It will
surpass anything* of the Kind heretofore
given. The patriotic t'xcrclses will em
brace reading the Declaration of Inde
pendence, oration by John O'Gara, poem
by Charles D. Smith and a fine literary
and musical programme. -
For the games J500 has bcon set aside
and a cash prize will be given to winner
and second In each event. The games will
be a revival of the old Irish athletic con
tests. A feature will be the contest be
tween the Columbia and Shamrock foot
ball teams. Cash Drizes will also be given
in the jig and reel dancing amounting to
$50. R. C. O'Conner has consented to act
as judge. A full military band has been
engaged for the dancing, and the literary
exercises will be held in the open air so
as,,not to interfere. /
port to his family. Not that he did not
struggle continuously to do his part, but
he was overgenerous, dreamy, easily im
posed upon and utterly lacking In the
sense of proportion. Wherever you find
his type in a family you invariably find
his antithesis, trained in necessity s mill
to oppose and counterbalance the unprac
tical. Mrs. Alcott and Louisa represented
this contrary tendency, the mother brave
ly supporting her husband's theories even
when not entirely in sympathy with them.
Louisa mildly satirizing her fathers
views In her story. "Transcendental wna
Oats." and giving her youth, her strength
and her life to meet the harvest of debts
which these impractical theories reaped.
During the financial panics which as
sailed this happy family Kmerson was i tn»
stanch financial friend, leaving his eifts
Ufcostentatiously under a candlestick, in
the leaves of a book or on a table. It
always hurt Louisa's pride that the fam
ily were obliged to take this kindly prof
fered help, and had It not been that she
knew how much Emerson honored her
good father she could hardly have
brought herself to accept it. It took her
nearly twenty-five years to pay off all the
familv debts, but she finally succeeded in
canceling every one, even those that were
outlawed. Emerson was her idol, ana
during what she terms her sentimental
age slie wrote him long letters after thq
manner of the Bettina-Goethe correspond
ence, but could never screw up her cour
age to send them and finally destroyed
them all. .. . ..
The vegetarian diet upon which the
family subsisted was at least an econom
ical one, and although the family often
wearied of the plain boiled rice and gra
ham bread without milk or butter. Louisa
and her older sister thrived on the plain
fare; neither of the younger sisters im
mortalized in "Little Women" as Beth
and Amy, gained strength from the mo
notonous diet. Had Louisa not been so
phenomenally strong she never could
have accomplished what she did even
with the best intentions In the world.
Taught by their kind father, encouraged
ond helped by their warm-hearted mother,
Vhe Alcott children led a perfectly Joyous
existence at Concord, unmindful of the
impending financial storm. TUth plent>
of housework, doll's dressmaking and
play-acting in the barn, they lived in the
enchanted land of make-believe or romped
with the little Emersons, Channlngs and
Hawthornes. "Pilgrims journeyed over
the hill," writes Louisa, the ringleader,
"with scrip and staff and cockleshells in
their hats; fairies held their pretty revels
among the whispering birches, and straw
berry parties in the rustic, arbor were hon
ored by poets and philosophers, who fed
us on their wit and wisdom while the lit
tle maids served more mortal food. ¦.
In a poem written when 11 years old to
her mother. Louisa Alcott forecasts the
impetus which kept her working so many
years:
I hope that soon, dear mother,
You and I may be
In the uulet room my fancy
Has so often made for thee. ¦
Vhlle I sit close beside you,
Content at last to gee
That you can rest, dear mother.
And I can cherish thee
From the time she was 15 she launched
forth on an Independent career, full of
trials and privations. Teaching school,
sewing, nursing invalids and going out to
service were a few of the many occupa
tions at which she tried her hand. Several
times she came very near going on the
stage; arrangements were made and the
parts assigned, but some unforeseen ac
cident always blocked the fulfillment of
her cherished ambitions. . In the light of
her subsequent career as" an author, pos
terity must rejoice that her histrionic
hopes were nipped Id the bud. : '.
At the age of 23 her first little book.
"Flower Fables." written when she was
only 16, to amuse Emerson's daughter,
found its way into print. It brought but
$32 Into "the Alcott sinking fund." but
was regarded as a sign of promise. She
sent it to the well beloved mother with
this characteristic note: "Dear Mother—
Into your Christmas stocking I have put
my'first born.' knowing that you will ac
cept it with all its faults (for grandmoth
ers are always kind), and look upon it
merely, as an earnest of what I may yet
do." .In the following February she. re
ceived $5 for her first story, and for soma
years after wrote these exciting little
"pot-boilers." supplementing her routine
sewing with- these really inferior tales.
It was not until two yenrs afterward that
she could write in her journal. "The lnsids
of my head can at. least! cover: the out
side."
In a letter to her"father she says: '"I
can't do much with my hands, , so I. will
really lived most of it and if it succeeds
that will be the reason of It." No one
was more surprised than the author at
the phenomenal success of the book; the
sweet family spirit, the delights and
romps, the' blessedness of sacrifice and
the genuine wholesomeness of "Little
Women" proved that the literary disci
pline of the last ten years had not been
in vain and that the extreme naturalness
of her characters entitled them to the
warm welcome given them by the child
hood of America. France, England, Ger
many and Holland.
With the family finally out of debt, the.
beloved "Marmee" surrounded with every
comfort, "to be cherished and helped
tenderly down the long hill she had
climbed so bravely ¦with her many bur
dens." and the younger sister- studying
art in Europe, it would seem as if the
overworked author might at last rest on
her oars. But no. the habit of self-abne
gation. of driviilg- work, had become a
necessity to her and she complied as far
as possible with the steadily increasing
demands of the publishers. Consequently
she records: "Write three pages at once
on impression paper, as Beecher, Roberts
and Low of London all want copy at
once." and then the telltale footnote
added some years later: "This was the
cause of the paralysis of my thumb,
which disabled me for the rest of my
life." The funny side Of everything ap
pealed to Her just as In her heydey years.
and we find her In her forty-first year
writing to her mother this account of a
grave meeting: "Had a very transcen
dental day yesterday and at night my
head was 'swelling visibly' with the ideas
cast Into it. The club was a funny mix
ture of rabbis and needy old ladles, the
'oversoul' and oysters. Papa and B. flew
clean out of sight like a pair of piatonic
balloons and we tried to follow, but
couldn't."
With her cherished purpose of support-
Ing the family always In view she
seemed in love with her lot and among
the delicious outbursts in her journal
there are no complainings or envious com
parisons with the more fortunate career
of the sister whom *he was educating
abroad. Occasionally there is an eloquent
sentence like this: "She (Anna) is a happy
woman! I sell my children and, though
they feed me, they don't love me as hers
do." In the midst of her work she took
a year's vacation abroad, vlsltlns with
May and relaxing a little until she heard
in Italy of the death of John. Meg's hus
band in "Little Women." She wa3 great
ly shocked, for she loved and honored this
noble brother, and she Immediately set vo
¦work upon a new book -which should put
his wife and children beyond the clutches
of poverty. "Little Men" was the result;
50,000 copie3 were sold before Its publica
tion and this sequel to "Little Women"
was as eagerly awaited as war or stock
bulletins. Although she declared by thia
time that her brain was squeezed dry, she
wrote "Eight Cousins" and its sequel.
"Rose in Bloom," "Under the Lilacs" and
numberless short stories for the leading
Juvenile magazines. "When the artist sis
ter died abroad a short time after her
marriage her little girl baby came acros3
the ocean to make her home with the
loving Aunt Louisa, for whom she was
named. For eight years this little one
was a heart-gladdener to the faithful over
worked woman who was now almost at
the finish of her life work.
Mrs. Alcott had died in her daughter's
arms; her father was nearing his ninetieth
year, happy and appreciative of her poem
to him beginning:
Dear Pilgrim, waiting patiently
The long, long journey nearly done.
She was tenderly devoted to him m his
declining years, proud of his fine mind
and proud of his pride In her. as evidenced
In the sonnet which he wrote to- her when
she started out "to nurse the wounded
soldier, swathe the dead," closing with the
words "I press thee to my heart as Duty'3
faithful child.'? She died unconscious that
he had gone to his rest three days be-
In spite of the sadness of this life so
shortened by overcare and overwork there
is comfort in the thought that the heroic
self-sacrifice was not in vain; that she
accomplished her lofty ideals, lived to see
her loved 1 ones rnjoy the comfort she had
wrought and died, after molding wisely
the youthful minds of two generations,
truly loved hy more children than any
writer before or since. Surely she has a
clear title to be classed among: those
whom George aiacDonald beautifully calls
"God's mothers:"
Note— This concludes the "Biographical
Studies for Girls." An examination as a
basis for the granting of certificates win
be ' published on Thursday next.
XVII. LOTTISA MAY ALCOTT.
(1832-188.) '
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
j Those who would thoroughly under
stand the childhood of Louisa M. Alcott
have but to read "Little Women," "Little
Men," "Jo's Boys" and the other juvenile
books wherein the joys, work, romps and
sorrows of the Alcott family are faith
fully portrayed. As Jo, the lovable tom
boy, strong in will, awkward in body, Im
pulsive In thought, moody, high-spirited
and noble-hearted, she has charmed,
amused and interested the children of two
generations, and as long as frank and
natural childhood, with its struggles and
victories, is rightly estimated so ldng will
succeeding generations continue to enjoy
her original books.
From her mother, Abba May. Louisa
May Alcott inherited her keen sense of
humor, her passionate devotion to her
family and her brave tendency to make
the best of things; from her father she
Inherited her uncommon mind, her pure
mlndedness and love of philanthropy. A.
Bronson Alcott, the devoted friend of Em
erson, who called him "the American
Plato," was a man of singular upright
ness of character, gentleness and piatonic
wisdom, who apparently understood the
tenets of transcendentalism far better
than the mulplication table. So serenely
unpractical was this charming man that
during the greater part of his life he was
a distinct financial drag, rather than sup-
make a battering ram of my head and
make a way through this rough-and
tumble world." That she was able to use
all parts of her body is well proved by
her records of a day's work, consisting of
the family housework in the morning,
followed by a twenty-mile walk; in ths
afternoon more housework and two $o0
stories written for the Youth's Compan
ion, and a ball in the evening. To these
duties she added that of nurse of the fam
ily. She gave up her work in Boston to
care for the invalid sister who died In her
arms. . Mother, father and other slster3
were coaxed through many an illness by
her tender ministrations. It was. there
fore, but natural that at the time of the
Civil War Louisa's smoldering patriotism
should find expression in an ardent wish
to devote her knack at nursing to her
wounded countrymen.
For six weeks she tended the sick and
dying and thea she succumbed to ty
phoid pneumonia. Home nursing brought
her back from the delirium in whtch «h«>
had raged for a month, but she wa* never
really well again. Her "Hospital Sketches."
made up largely of home letters, had
an Immense sale; so that the young au
thor, then 30 years old. found that al
though she had stropped back to a world
of unceasing lnvalldism It nevertheless
hel<I out the golden promise through
which her sacred mission to her 'family
was to be fulfilled.
The success of her "Hospital Sketches"
led Roberts Brothers to ask Miss Alcott
to write a story for girl3. This she was
bo sure that she could not do that she
wrote them a book to prove it. In this
work she drew largely on the dear life
of "The' Pathetic Family." as she humor
ously called the home people, and handed
it dubiously to the publisher, saying: "We
Interesting Meeting
Is Anticipated by
the Representa
j_* j.
lives.
Affairs of the Or
der Will Be Con-
sidered and Dis
cussed.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 1000,
by Seymour Eaton.
Annual Convention
i Will Begin Next
Monday and Last
Several Days.
Chosen Delegates
Preparing for a
Busy Gathering
and Heavy Work
ACCEPTANCE OF
THE NEW HALL
RECOMMENDED
Contractors Must Release All
Claims for Work on
the Building.
Supervisors' Joint Committee Decides
to Settle the Vexing Matter Fin
ally and as Speedily as
Possible.
The Supervisors* joint committee on ju
diciary and public buildings decided yes
terday on Comto's motion to recommend
to the Board of Supervisors that the Hall
of Justice building be accepted by the
city upon the Flgnlr.g of a proper release
by the contractors and their bondsmen of
a!l claims growing out of the erection of
» :ne building rr the carrying out of the
contract of 1S97 or subsequent contracts
modifying it.
It was also decided to frame a resolu
tion directing the Auditor to pay out of
a balance of $12,232 in the money set aside
Sor erecting the structure certain claims
r.eld by employes who have been engaged
in mailing alterations in the buildinp.
Chairman Dwrer stated that work had
ccen performed by day laborers, and that
they had not been paid as yet. He In-
Fietcd that they were entitled to their pay
ano the committee agreed with him.
J. F. Kennedy, repre? entin? the Pacific
turety Company, stated that he could not
give the city any bond for claims which
:r.ight bo presented against the city by
Kateman Bros. The committee was not
deposed to accept the building unless a
release cf al! claims against the construc
tion fund was presented by this flra or
& bend given by the Surety Company in
eunr.F the city against any claims of the
original contractors. Architect Shea ar
gued that Eateman Bros, could have no
c"a;m en account of their forfeited con
tract.
Shea & Shea were authorized to employ
b W2.tchn-.an to care for the personal
property of the city in th* building at a
«=a!ary of $2 per day until it Is finally ac
cepted.
"".Veils Drury addre5?ed the Board re
pardlng his petition that the criminal de
rartments r.f tho Superior Courts be al
lowed to remain in their present quarters '
In the City K-~.ll and not transferred to
the Hall of Justice. He argued that great
expent-e would be avoided, and that it was
advisable to keep the criminal depart
,*r <?r!t5 ; of the Superior Court separate and
('.Istinct fmm the PoHcr Courts.
<T*»"rpe D. Shadhurne and Henry H.
JV'id contended that the pian of having
all the criminal department? under one
rr>of wr.s an ideal one and had been pro
vided for by legislative act. Considera
tion wns postponed until after the ac
ceptaace of the building.
Camera*, photographic supplies, books,
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing done
in the latest styles. Sanborn,. Vail & Co.,
7*1 Market street. •
Crushed by a Train.
WHEATLAND, June 8.— While attempt-
Ing to beat a southbound freight train this
morning John L. Ross, a transient la
borer, fell beneath the cars and both his
legs were cut off.. He will die.
COURT NOTES.
The dispute between Tax Collector Scott
and the National Athletic Club over the
revocation qf the former's 'license to con
duct sparring exhibitions was submitted
to Judge Murasky for decision yesterday.
The application of E. C. Kilpatrick. the
late principal of the ¦ Business Eyeningr
School, for a judicial review of the action
of the Board of Education dismissing him
from his position was argued' before
Judge Murasky yesterday. General
Barnes, who represented Kilpatrick. 'con
tended that the board lacked jurisdiction
to dismiss hlft client, as the charges of
misconduct against him were not formally
filed by Superintendent Webster. Assist
ant City Attorney Brobeck filed a demurr
er to Kilpatrick s petition and the court
took the matter under advisement. -N
The application of Samuel Rehfisch. do
ing business under the firm name of O. M.
Kutz & Co., for a writ of injunction re
straining James Galway and others from
boycotting: his shoe manufacturing estab
lishment or otherwise injuring him, was
submitted for decision to Judge Seawell
yesterday.
from legal cause and does not take away the
right to collect salaries for such period. We
agree also with the conclusion of City Attor
ney Lone holding that the Board of Fire Com
missioners may prant leaves of absence to
members of the Fire Department, but we do
not find anything similar to It in the chapters
on other departments.
As to the County Clerk, Sheriff, Recorder,
District Attorney and Coroner, it may be
claimed that they are officers whose powers
and duties are given by the county government
act or other general laws, and for that rea
scn cannot be controlled by the provisions of
the charter to which reference has been made.
For these reasons we advise that you ure not
authorized to audit any demand for the salary
of any employe of the city and county, except
as we have stated, accruing 1 while such em
ploye Ik absent Irom duty on leave from the
head of his department and not in the actual
performance of said duties..
RECITAL BY PUPILS OF
MISS MAMIE C. BARRETT
Ft*-"UI : ¦¦• ;..-.trh to The Call.
MONTEREY. June &.— Ignacio Silva. a.
r«irtucuese resident of this place, at
tempted to commit suicide yesterday by
Jumping into the l:ay from the deck of a
fi'Mmcr I vine alongside the wharf. He
• w.-;s rr-scufd at once, however, by the oc
[SQptata of a near-by rowboat. It is be
•^•v'-d he was suffering from temporary
" Jjiiity, prr»ducpd by a protracted spree.
Jumped Into the Bay.
Special Wfva.trii to Tbe CsJI.
MONTEREY. June S.-The Monterey
County Agricultural Association held lib
regular annual session on Wednesday last
in Salinas to elect officers and -discuss the
advisability cf resuming the custom of
holding an agricultural fair and races
« very fall
The following officers were elected: Hon.
3(-r*e D. Carr, prf«id*-nt; J. B. person,
vice president; J. J. Kelly, secretary. It
vns decided to hold a fair this year im
mediately after the coming racing meet
in Ban Jose, and the following com ml t
ir>rs were appointed to take the prelim
inary Fteps toward that end: Premium
<-'>mmittee — H. S. Ball, J. A. Trescony.
K. N\ Mathews; Bpeed committee — T. J.
Field. C. Z. Hebcrt. A. Wldemann.
Action Taken by Konterey County
) * Agricultural Association.
WILL HOLD A FAIR.
One of the Most Noteworthy Events
in the Season of Music at
Sacramento.
F;"-'!U r-i F p»tch to The Call.
?ACRAMENTO. June 8.— One of the
;t noteworthy events In the present
te a? 1 ***:** nf mvislc in this city was the reci-
D to-nipht at Y. M. C. A. Hall by
tbe | ¦.;r**:'-s of Miss Mamie O. Barrett. The
oral mopt refreshingly adorned with
•i plants and was filled with friends
• ..<¦- uachor and pupils, not a few of
v .-;. rn had come from San Francisco and
: points* especfally to be present. Miss
rrett has been teaching only a few
j .-!:? Fince hor return from a year's
. with Prcfrssor Barth in Berlin, but
n in thfs phort time she has proven
her pupils' performance the correct
nes* of her met hod. —
I>own to the youngest pup'.l there was
remark' <1 a certain depth of tone, artistic
p!-ras:r.fr and. aborr- all. absolute *-ase
and relaxation coupled with sureness and
firmness of touch. One of the distinct
treats of tbe evening was the "Etude
Tremolo" of Gott?chalk by Mrs. W.O.Col
1:. s the rapidity and endurance which
Bhe ;r.r:.-!ifosted winning much praise. A
del&htfnl contrast to this was the
rir^amy "Berceuse" of Cnqpin. played
•w" h exquldte expression and delicacy by
Mrs. Dunster. One of the most attrac
e f-o'.os of the evening was the Lizst
.^ppodie-s No. 12, played with wonder
: prPc-iFion anyd artistic interpretation
¦ Miss Beedee. Mis? Shelley played
•with much ea5e and style the difficult
faut&sle "MidEummer'f Night's Dream."
fh.- ie preparing to study with Professor
I artll and will leave for Berlin in Sep
"the programme, which aboundwj in ex
o'irr.t. performances, ran as follows:
C^rt*>t-S<*r*>nade •• • ¦ • •• - M OMrt
ilastf-r* Fountain Jchiu-on. Ralph Jost
I^nysl Isaac, Rwo» Platt.
•Nocturne ..." KrzyzanowKki
Mis5 Uottle Ellen Johnson.
Trio— Bolero ........... Etrea bog
Miss Josephine Seaman. Miss Sherman.
TVaJtz iI :rf.. P . 1 *. t .V. Jensen
Master Rnsooe Platt.
(a) Pwert R»»vr)e <b), Skylark.... TBchalkoweky
Master Fountain Johnson.
Quarts— Funeral March Chopin
Mi?* Glfford. M!*e Johnson. Miss Smith
and Mies Montfort
F*-con4 mazurka Echeverria
Mis* Ellita Kint.
JIunrarUn Dance No. 7 Brahms
Mirs Florence Fmith.
r>uo— Flavlsche Tar.ze No. 6 Dvorak
SfJftS Evm Montfort and Miss Curtis.
Simple Aveu ; Thome
Miss Pearl Platt.
rtincelles Mcszkowski
Mis* Lily Pherman.
Cuartet— HunRarian Dance No. 7 Brahms
Miss Etephenfton. MIfs Brisker. Miss Jest
and Miss Mat*elle Kkelton.
fourth mazurka Godard .
Mlfs Edna Curtis. '
Tlrtt mazurka Borowski
Miss Georgia Brisker.
Duo — Dans' Mnoabre Saint -Saens
MIks Shelley and Miss Bedee.
Liebcstrauin Liszt
Miss Dottie Stephenson.
£tu<> (tremolo) Gottschalk
Mrs. \V. C. Collins.
raj TVarum? .• Schumann
<b) J-a.-lUon Grteg
Miss Pearl Jort.
Quartet— Reveil du Lton De Kontski
Miss Bedee. Mr*. Collins 1 . Miss Shelley .
ar.i Mrs. Dunster.
Air de Ballet No. 2: Chaminade
Miss Irene Glfford.
RbajMoaie Honcrolse >'o. 12 Liszt
Miss Sadye Bedee.
<a) Berceuse Chopin
(b) Etude op. 2S. No. 9 Chopin
Mrs. W. H. Dunster.
Fantaffie— Midsummer's Nlgtifs Dream
Mendelesohn-Liszt
Miss Ida HjTleSd Shelley.
Octet-Caprice Brilliant LaviBnac
I Mrs. Colllnf. Miss Bedee, Miss Jost, Mrs.
:•¦.•.-•¦-. Mies Kinr. Miss Curtis. Mist
Piatt mnd Mls« Gifford.
PUtt's Ctlcr.i't. t.t ; Best Disi&fecttat, '
destroys disease-breeding matter. •
CITY EMPLOYES
WHO MAY DRAW
VACATION PAY
Teachers.
Good News for the Firemen
and the Public School
Paid Holidays Occur Only When Al
lowed by Law. So City Officers
Must Pay for Their
Recreation.
Another rrovinlon reads that no demand shall
b* allowed by the Auditor In favor of any cJty
emnlov»s for the time he shall have absented
himself' without legal cause during office hours.
It is then apparent that at least legal causs
must exlet as an excuse for absence. We recog
nize that '¦legal cause" exists whenever by rea
son of holidays tbe public offices are closed,
hut we fall to find In the charter any authority
riven to any department to grant leave of ab
sence except in the case of the Fire Depart
ment. Without a erant of power it must be
hell that Us exercise cannot be rightfully
C The ab»»nce of teachers from the public
echools durtne the ordinary vacation arises
Auditor Wells received yesterday, from
his attorneys. Lloyd & Wood, an opinion
In reply to his inquiry "Can any of the
deputies, clerks or other employes of the
city and county be allowed pay for time
of absence from duty when on vacation
leave?" In their opinion the attorneys
hold that the charter provides that no
employe of the city and county shall be
paid for a eriater time than that covered
by his actual service and that it would
be a violation of the charter to allow com
oensation Tor time of absence from official
duty The opinion continues:
HIBERNIANS WILL COME TOGETHER
FROM EVERY PORTION OF THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900.
Martha Washlncton Circle No. 1— Mrs. J. J.
Donovan, Miss Dillon, Miss H. Fltzpatrlck, Mrs.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
IXH7ISA MAT ALCOTTEASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Dullness and
speculative hesitation have increased to such
an extent that the only word . applicable to
the market this week. Is stagnant. The public
Is .practically out of the proceedings and the
stocks on. the New York board represent in
the main an exchange . of contracts between
the smaller professional operators. The Lon
don market was slightly stimulated at ! the
beginning of the week by the news that the
British army had occupied . Pretoria, but this
Influence did not last long or result' In any
decided buying of American stocks for foreien
account. On the contrary the bullish news
from South Africa was promptly nullified bv
the threatening aspect of affairs In China and
by the heavy fall of values and money market
pressure. that have developed In Berlin, makln?
that city something of a storm center in the
financial world. In fact the foreign influences
were adverse and seemed to have considerable
to do with the prevalent disposition of our
own market to wait the course of events The
fact that foreign exchange holds steady with
its recent decline is a favorable circumstance
and relieves New York : from the ; danger of
gold withdrawals unless the pending coniDl!
cations at Berlin should grow Into a panic—
rather an unlikely contingency. Meantime the
decreased activity of trade in various- lines
and the shutting down of manufacturing -es
tablishments Influenced the financial ultuation
by causing idle money to flow and accumulate
Et New York. Distinct ' evidence of this has
been afforded by the bank statements of the
last two Saturdays and in the increasing ease
of money as reflected in the demand for and
high prices of prime bonds and the dividend
paying railroad - stocks. Such securities and
large amounts of mere speculative stocks also
have accumulated - In strong • hands « and there
seems, to be no general distribution of. specu
lative holdings ;ln quarters where liquidation
• would be the result of -continued dullness, or
effective bearish pressure. Railroad earnings
continue to make, favorable comparisons -with
the figures of a' year ago. 'and It Is, thought
that, the contraction, of the. activity and -the
reduction of prices In the iron trade have reme
died the situation in' that quarter and that
a. turn for the better Is likely to be seen.'- The
facts seem to be that' the public • and street
are both • Influenced by the slacking of ¦, trade
and are fearful of the disturbing or restrictive
Bradstrcet's Financial Revieiv.
' New York Grain and Produce.
MONTREAL. June 8.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for
California Fruit sold .at auction to-day:
Peaches— Single crates average $2; boxes $1 45
jo, average $160. Plums— Clymans, single
crates $2 43Q2 CO, average $2 53. Apricots—Roy
als, single cratea S5c@$l 05, average 92c. One
carload was sold.
¦ NEW YORK. June 8. — The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California Fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Peaches— Alexander, boxes
S0c<2Jl 85. average $140. Plums— Clymans, sin
gle crates $1 S0<82. average $1 85. Apricots—
Royals, single crates Jl@l 30. average Jl 15.
Cherries— Royal Anne, boxes, average $1 9a
Two carloads, were sold.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Cherries— Tar-
NEW YORK. June 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,007. Exports, 60,260. v More ' active and
stronger on the bigr upturn in wheat. Minne
sota patent, *3 6D@4; bakers' ,.$2 70®2 95; winter
patents, $3 60@3 90; -winter straights, $3 40®3 55;
winter extras, $2 55@2 S5.
WHEAT— Receipts, 22,200; exports, 127,423.
Spot, firm; No. 2 red, SOUc elevator, 84Uc f. c.
b afloat spot; No." 1 Northerns Duluth,' 79%c
afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options — Opened strong and
advanced later In the day by outside buying;,
a renewal of bullish spring: wheat crop news
and good foreign and local demand. Several
reactions occurred . during the session under
profit-taking, but prices held well and rallying
finally • on heavy., covering closed very strong
at 2V> ( S2%c net advance, after an active and at
times excited trade all day. July, 70Uc, closed
7-«ic: September, 76%@?S%C, closed "IWc.y
HOPS— Dull.- .-.'/ ¦
HIDES— Firm. . » ,
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot KIo, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
S%c Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 9V4@13^c. Futures
closed steady, with prices 10 to 15 points net
lower Total sales, 33,750 bags, including:
July $7 45@7 60; August, $7 45; September, $7 40
til 50' October. $7 uO: November, $7 45@7 50; De
cember, $7 55#7 60: March, $7 70. .
SUGAR— Raw,, strong: • fair refining, 4V4c;
centrifugal, 95 test, 4%c; ¦ molasses sugar,
3 15-16e; reflned.-flrm.' ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, 8G54 packages. Unsettled:
"creamery extras, 16@lBc; factory, 14®16c. '
EGGS— Receipts, ¦ 8133 packages. Market
steady; Western, loss olT, 13@13Vic; Western at
mark, 10@13c. *
DRIED FRUITS. . ; •
XEW YORK, June 8.— Tlie market for evapo
rated apples ruled' rather quiet but steady, at
unchanged prices. Sellers were conspicuous by
their absence and at«the close prices were tend
ing upward. ' California dried fruits ruled dull.
STATE .- EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4 1 aP'5c: prime. *%<a 6c: fancy. 7V4®Sc. '---.¦¦
-CALIFORNIA, DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c.
¦APRICOTS— Royal, -12^@14c; - Moorpark, .15
@isc:- '-.¦¦. ¦;: •¦ ¦ - ; --.- -¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦;-¦":•¦ - ¦.- ¦
PEACHES-Peeled. 16©lSc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Heavs Whe.it Buying -in t^Qew York.
' ¦..,.¦..'¦.. - — - ¦¦¦,'.¦.¦-.
'• NEW, York, June : S.— Another . sensational
ad%'ance - took ¦ place \x\\ wheat to-day. : Prices
advanced ; 2 1 ,4@2%c ' per <bu8helr making over, 5c
In the last three days. '¦'¦; The outside speculative
Interests %. were i big \ buyers of wheat ' on ; crop
damage news In ' the Northwest, \ and : the \ pro-
tarians, 6Sc@2 05 box:' Centennials. $140; Big
areaus, TOcgjl 35; C. Bigareaus. $1 15; Governor
Woods, 80c. ¦- ' • '
CHICAGO. June S.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the followins prices on California Fruit
at auction to-day: Plums— Clymans, single
crates tlffil 75, average $157. Peaches—Alexan
der 90cSJl 05, average $1 11. Apricots— Royals,
single crates SOc@Sl 23. average 96c; Newcastle,
65c Cherries— Black Oregons, boxes 45#75c. aver
age 62c; Royal Anne, 35c@$l 15, average 55c.
Five carloads were sold to-day; weather favor-
ForterBros. Company sales: Prunes— Tragedy,
$2 30© 2 70 single crates; Samonl, $2 33. Plums—
R-d, June *170@2 55 single crate; Clymans.
SI 30@l 70- Abundance, S2: Japan. $1 10@2 10; Yo-
Fab«> $1 75. Peaches — Alexander, 93clj 1 20 box,
$105'slngle crate; Oriental, 95c box. Apricots—
Royal 75®95c single crate; Blenheim. 75c. Cher
ries— Tartariana, 30c@$l 25 box; Blgareau, 20c@
$1 r -5- Royal Anne. 65c@$l 20; Centennial. 50SS5c;
mixed 4065 60c: Rockport. > 30@35c. t
BOSTON June 8.— The Earl Fruit Company's
tales of California Fruit at auction to-<1ay were
as follows: Peaches— Alexander, boxes oocSJl 30,
average $1 14. Apricots— Royals, single crates
65c<fm 50. average 77c. Cherries— Black Tartar
ians, 52c. Three carloads were sold. • .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June 8.— CATTLE-Recelpts. 5C0;
steers, strong and active; butcher stock, steady
to firm and active; best on sale to-day, one
car at $5 50: good to prime steers* 15 10^f5 75;
poor to medium. .$1 50@5; selected feeders, slow,
$4 40@5; mixed Mockers, weak/ $3 75(04 23;
heifers. $3 lalffa: canners, $2 25(fZ; bulls. $3<g>
4 40; calves, steady, $4@7. Texans. teceipts.
TOO: b«>st on -sale to-day, fifteen ¦ carloads
Krassers. $4 05: Texas fed steers, $4 50SJ5 25-
Texan grass steers, 13 75^4 40;, bulls, $2 30ig3 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 25,000; to-morrow, 20,000; left
over, 7000, estimated; steady; opened strong,
5<9!10c higher; closed weak: top, $3 25: mixed
and butchers, I5??5 25; good to choice heavy.
$5 lo@5 25: rouirh heavy, S5@5 10; light, *5@5 25
top. t5 17H«5 27H. .
i: SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; sheep and lambs,
steady to slow; weak for Inferior grades; good
to choice wethers. $4 25@5 30;. fair- to choice
mixed, ¦J4®4'SO: Western sheep, $4 90® 3 40;
native lambs, 15<ff5 50; AVestern lambs. $tMj« 60;
spring lambs, SJ@1 25; Colorados, S6 75®7 15.
London Market.
XEW YORK. June 8.— The Commercial ¦ Ad
vertiser's London: financial cablegram says:
Tlie markets here to-day .were during, most of
the session a repetition of yesterday's/closing,
however.. with a firmer tone on the belief that
the ' powers * will act harmoniously , In China
Consols were sold for hedging purposes.
• London stiffened Americans readily by buylnjr
a few Union Pacific, but New York depressed the
list In' the street. Copper" shares were weak
early, ; but : rallied later in response to fluctua
tions in metal ' prices. •. ; : -
.The bank lost £200,000 gold to the Cape and
bought £19.000. of the. war loan in
stallment due dt turbed the money, market The
Board of Trade returns show both Imports and
exports Increased by 7.3 per cent.
CLOSING. ,
''LONDOX," "June . S.— Canadian Pacific, 95t4 •
Union Pacific preferred, 76; Northern Pacific
California Fruit Sales.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 9T4 5 9?fe
Closing 6 10V4 5 10V4
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...'.. 20 63 22 30
Closing 20 70 22 20
Flour —
Opening 28 05 29 20
Closing .......27 90 ' 29 10
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. 14V4@lSV4c: dairy,
13V4@15%c. Cheese, quiet; S®llc. Eggs, steady;
fresb, lO'.ic. ¦
NEW YORK, June 8.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The adjournment *of Congress after a success
ful session, the progress toward peace in South
Africa and the rapid adjustment of prices here
to a more natural level tend to bring nearer
the day of greater activity. But progress
has not been rapid, and the yielding of prices
affects many as a reaction, cutting off part
of the profits supposed to have been secured.
The impression grows also that no extensive
changes in business are >, now probable until
after the Presidential election and the pos
sibility of trouble In China has at least as
definite an Influence on American affairs as
any change in South Africa. The unsettled
condition of labor controversies, moreover,
operates strongly lor the, time to limit ex
pansion of domestic business. • Yet the volume
of business Is so large that a few months of
waiting could not excite any apprenenslon.
It is but a few days since a prominent Iron
master'overwhelmed doubts and questions by
the positive declaration that any decline what
ever In the price of iron this year was simply
Impossible, yet anthracite -No. 1 has declined
J4 25 per ton and this week the Bessemer As
sociation has reduced Its price at Pittsburg
$4 60 per ton and the Southern makers $2 per
ton. The decline in ratio of prices of pig iron
from 112.7 in January to 93.6 this week and
in the- finished products from 9S.05 to 80.01
does "not In fact show the entire change, as
'the steel and wire companies' guarantee of
prices In case of further reduction respecting
products not then shipped is In effect a con
cession. A few large contracts are reported,
but the new business Is so small that many
works are stopping or reducing their force. The
minor metals and coke are weaker. Petroleum
r>as again been reduced to $7 So, against $9 90
April 4, and rubber to 86c. against $1 04 In
March. Silk and hemp are both lower. Wooh
has not declined further, but Is weak and In
small demand, many of the mills having in
adequate orders for goods. Still more Im
portant Is the fall in cotton to JS SI. against
$9 87 a month ago, which Is also due In part
to restricted demand for goods at the ad
vanced prices asked. The statement often
made that the textile mills are running full
time does not appear accurate; the production
is heavy but by no means full. Mldos have
declined further this week, both packer hides
at Chicago and dry hides here, and the de
cline in this important material has been over
20 per cent, while In leather it has not aver
aged S per cent. The boot and shoe, manu
facturers maintain that they cannot accept
lower prices than those they have asked until
leather yields much more and the closing of
many works Indicates that the embarrassment
Is serious.
The rise of 2Mc in wheat, attributed to In
juries threatening a short movement next fall,
affected stocks also somewhat. Exports do not
materially change, having been for the first
week of June from Atlantic ports, including
flour, 2.805,261 bushels, against 1.849,373 bushels
last year: from Pacific ports, 591,015 bushels,
against 623,400 bushels last year. Receipts of
both wheat and corn have fallen, considerably
below those of last year, though not as yet
enough to indicate a sense of scarcity in in
terior supplies. ' ,: . nn . ,
Failures for the week have been 206 in the
United States, against 159 last year, and 19 in
Canada, against 10 last year.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat, C7'/£@69%c; No. 2 red. 73%c;
No. 2 corn, 3S%<f}40Uc; No. 2 yellow, 39(540^0;
No. 2 oats, 22%t:'2%c; No. 2 white, 25^@2t5c:
No. 3 white. 25<g25}ic; No. 2 rye, 56Hc; good
feeding barley, 37c; fair to choice malting. 3'J»i
@42c; No. 1 flaxse«d. Jl SO; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 SO; prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork,
per barrel, $10 70@ll 85; lard, per 100 pounds,
$6 83@6 97>/ 2 : short ribs sides (loose), $6 25@7;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6H@Mic; short
clear sides (boxed), J7 30<gr7 40; whisky, basis
of high wines, Jl 23; clover, contract grade. JS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... $4 g3^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling CaDles _ 4 gg
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12'4
Fine Silver, per ounce ,... — go
Mexican Dollars 48% 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market seems to be working
Into better shape all over the world.
Liverpool and Paris were both . higher. The
condition of the Russian crop was reported
satisfactory, but not flattering.
Chicago was very bullish and Corn advanced
on Increased speculation and a good shipping
demand. Wheat eased oft somewhat on pre
dicted showers in the Northwest, but a reliable
Minneapolis dealer wired a damage of 50 per
cent In the Northwest, with rain needed to
save the balance of the crop. Subsequently
the market became excited and irrejirular. with
holders selling freely. but repurchasing on
every break. The weather continued unfavor
able, with Increasing complaints from the
Northwest. The condition of the Kansas crop
was given at 101.
The local market advanced again, both on and
off call, with Increased trading. 1
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96Uc: milling.
97Wc@?l. • 1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 10,
000 ctls, $1 04; 46,000. $1 04%; 26.000. $1 04>,i: 66.C0O
$1 C4U-
Second Session — December — 10,000 ctls. $1 04^4 ¦
8000, $1 04H: 4C00. %\ 04; 4000, Jl C3T-J.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls
$104%; 40CO, $1 04V4; 2000, $1 04%: 14, COO, $1 C4»i;
48.CC0. $1 03.
Afternoon Session — December — 1000 ctls. $1 05:
2000, SI 04 T &.
BARLEY— The market Is developing stronger
symptoms and holders are gradually advancing ;
their asking prices. Futures continue to im
prove.
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 6o@67'/4c for oft grades ;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S0c; Cheva
lier, nominal. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls. 70%c; 4000. 71c; 2000, 70%c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 10.000
ctls. 7'J»4c; 200.. 71c; 2000, 7('Hc
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The Increasing firmness In Wheat and
Barley Is Imparting strength to this market,
which Is steadier, though quotations are no
hlsher and business shows very little Increase.
White. »1 10«l 30; Red. *l!ffl 20; Gray. « 07}j
@l 15; Black, $1@1 07',$ per ctl.
CORN— Prices are rather firmer, but the de
mand is still slow. Eastern large Yellow, $1 13
©1 17V4 per ctl; Eastern White. $1@1 05 per ctl:
Mixed. %X 10.
RYE — S2'!.c per ctl for new and 95@97Hc for
old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstitffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. S3 €iygS 73.
usual terms: bakers' extras. $.T 40S3 50; Oregon
end Washington. $2 25f3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices Jn sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 10O lbs: Rye Flour. *2 75; Rye
Meal * J' 50- Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. J2 50;
Oat Groats. $» SO; Hominy. $3 2503 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 23;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3: Rolled
Oat3 (barrels). J6t?7 25; In sacks. $5 75^7; Pearl
Barley. J5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. S3 SO per
100 lbs-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Conditions remain as before. Feedstuffs are
firm. In sympathy with the raw products.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $13016 Der
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2«@27: Jobblnc
J27 50^28: Cocoanut Cake. *20tS21: Corn Meal*
J25; Cracked Corn. 123 50; Mixed Feed $13 SO
HAY— Wheat, i $7@9 for common to good $9 50
010 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50(@9 50- Oat.
$6@S: Barley, $5i?7; Alfalfa, $3@7 no per ton
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $436: Wheat IC0--
Clover. $4 &0@6; Alfalfa. $5®7; Barley, $4®5 Jer
STRAW— 25@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. *2 S3<33; small White. 13 25®
3 40; largs White. $2 75@2 90; Pink. $2 6O0-> 90-
Red. $2 5003: Blackeye. $3 50@4; Butters'
nominal: Lima. $5 30@3 40; Pea, $3 40©3 SO- i>eA
Kidneys. J4@4 £0. * "' 1 ' ea
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, nominal- Yetlnw
Mustard. 4c: Flax. $12002 20; Canary C
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern'- A?
SSKS?SSf&!!?^ 2H * 3c: Herap - SflJJ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are rather firm, while Onions con
tinue easy. Green Corn from Alameda is on the
market.
POTATOES-Oregon BurbanUs. tUBl OS- \> w
Potatoes. 4OC5I51 In sacks and C3c«$i in box~f
ONIONS-New Red. SSflfSe; Silver-skins I*®
$1 per ctl: Australian. $3@3 50 pe" ctl ®
VKGETABLES-Green Corn. *lfflr 50 per nark
for Vacaville and 20625c per dozen foV bt>"
Rhubarb, 4Qc«T$l per box: Asparagus 5 0c«ii
per box for No. 2 and $1 25<ffl 60 for \£i
and $1 7562 23 for fancy large- Gr-.en rv-,.
75c©$l 25 r^r sack: String nfans . 3^4c-
bage, 40«o0c; Tomato, 75c43.$l 25; E>g piant
from Los Angeles. 4^6c; Dried Okra 32'4c per
1? ; . 9 r l, en 1 from Los Angeles, Sm2*%-
Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots. 23@35c per sack :
Summer Squash. 40«x60c per box for Vaeavnu
and.$l?rl 25 for Alameda: Cucumbers^ $1 KSi iS
nrwHSgfe^gg^g Pgr *">* fOr
. Poultry and Game.
Squabs are lower, as the lack of communica
tion with the Chinese quarter Is interfering
with; their sale. Other Poultry is generally on
the down grade, as stocks are heavy, with free
receipts promised In the near future.
POULTRY — Ltve Turkeys. 10@llo for Gob
blers and 11®12 C for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1<S1 25: Goslings, $1®1 25: , Ducks. $4S5 for
old and $4@3 for young; Hens, $4®4 50; Youne
Roosters. ,4 SOQ5; Old Roosters. $3 £0®!; Fry.rf
-
NEW TOn.C. Jur« «. Tt.i. f •allowing' table,
compiled by Brt lltmt hov, the bank clear
ings at prlnciral ci.i., u_r the week ended
June 8, with the p.-rcentace of Increase and
decrease, as i jmiiared wita the corresponding
week last year:
Percentaee,
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York..... 1J76.1S8.679 .... 14.8
Boston '. 121,253,019 18.6
Chicago 143.875,528 6.S ....
Philadelphia l'**,GS6,702 7.5 '. ....
St. Louis o4.wl.171 1.6 ' ....
Pittsburg 34.728,520 3S.S
ISaitimore 24,f.50,lS0
San Francisco 21.BS4.546 IS. 5 ....
Cincinnati 1S,i'30,200 22.5'
Kansas City.. 15,443,591 20.4
New Orleans 7,!'23,540 6.0 ....
Minneapolis 11.5S9.402 5.1 ....
Detroit 0,042,593 .... ¦ 6.7
Cleveland 12.S24.747 27.3
Louisville S.4S2.658 .... 12.9
Providence 6.114,300 • " 7.6
Milwaukee 6.023,718 ....- 1.2
St. Paul 5,246,465
Buffalo 5.396,596 4.6 ....
Omaha 7.H6.103 21.8
Indianapolis (i.£,12,325 .... • 8.9
Columbus. 0 5.540.1CW • 2.8
Savannah 2.S2S.5S5 33.9
Denver 3.8S6.336 1.6
Hartford 2.&54.S02 8.0
Richmond 4.075.S04 41.5
Memphis 2.25fi,023 2.0
Washington '.. 3.145.S15 ....
Peorla 2,117.527 ...: . 9.S
nochester 8.013.S23 - 13.2 ....
New Haven 1.576,494 .... x ¦ 22. S
•Worcester 1.262.479 , lj.S
Atlanta 1.610.234 .... 9.0
Salt Lake City 2.025.216 .... • 1.0
Sprlnsrfleld. Mass... 1.370.113 14.3
Fort Worth 2.337.960 .... 7.8:
rortlar.d, Me £12,202 .... 41.9 I
Portland, Or 1.SST.161 8.1
St. Joseph 5.715,630 ' D7.3
Los Angeles 2.C00.105 63.0 ....
Norfolk 1.397.73(5 SO.O ....
Syracuse 1.2S1.24S ¦ 4.9 ...'.
Des Molnes 1.563,171 ....
Nashville LS24.45O 11.3
Wilmington, Del.... 954.169 16.4 ....
Fall Itiver 8C4.9S3 16.0
Scranton 1,141,652 12.6
Grand Rapids 1,271.472 8.8
Augusta, Ga €U,0SS .... 42.4
Lowell 56'.",549 .... 27.6
Dayton, 0 1.064.7S2 ....
Seattle 2.40S.840 36.4 .
Tacoma 1.2?6,040 S6.5 ~ " .....
Spokane 1.227.078 .... 9.1
Sioux City 1,337,832 19.3
New Bedford 443,955 .... 14.4
Knoxvllle, Tenn 614.464 .... 1S.0
Topeka 74S.30S 22.2
Birmingham S27.958 44.6 ....
"Wichita E63.1CS 12.1
Binghamton 421.CK) 10.7
Lexington. Ky 430,940 10.8 ...
Jacksonville, Fla... 254,153 32.9 ....
Kalamazoo 423,048 5.5 ....
Akron 56MOO 39.1
Chattanoopa 463,151 27.8
Itockford, 111 25X.12S .. n 9
Springfield. 0 266.2C0 4.7
Farso, N. D 37S.30S 36.9
Sioux Falls, S. D... 177.2S7 8.5 .'.'..
Fremont, Neb l.">9,376 '3^0
Davenport 1.2?6,676 1.6
Toledo 2,07«, 7!»9 g'i
Galveston B.4G4.O0O B.7 . '
Houston o.f'19,105 27.9
Little Rock 432.799 19.0 '.'.'.'
Youncrstown 329,725 . "\i
Springfield, 111 M«.9r,4 47.3
Macon 62J.OO0 29.3
Kaslnaw 296,672 12.5
Helena 67£0S3 13.3
Evansville S35.115 .... 15*9
Totals. U. S.... $1.655, 695,172 .'.;-.' Xe
Totals outside New
Tork 679.506,493 2.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J14.571.242 .... 97
Toronto 1U7C042 11.0
AVInnlpes 2.233,992 6.1
Halifax 1.E71.O61 ¦ 11. 5
Hamilton R21.S66 0 6
St. John. N. B 778,164 '3^4
Vancouver 990,697 3S 6
Victoria , 671,887 .... 'o!«
Totals $32,520,949 .... "oTfj
B n nk Clearings.
Charters. .
The Rufus K. Wood and Charmer are char
tered for ccal from Oyster Harbor to St.
Michael.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Tlpceiyls of wine or.d brandy at this port
during the firet five months o? the year were
as follows, onTT.pare«l with thf same time last
vf-ar: Of wine. 0,187. *»fi Rallons, against 7,-
S2C.550; of brandy, 116,375 gallon?, against 10L
(*0.
Coinage of the Mints.
The colnape of the United States mints for
r>"u»;le eagles J74.SI2.2S0 00
Eajrles IL77J,14fl 00
Half-eairles 7.SS8.963 00
Quartrr-eaples 135.J55 00
Standard dollars 17.244. MS t*>
Kaif-dollarc 4.841.751 04
QuarTer-JoIlirs 4.4r.l.«90 M
D'.rr.ee 2.48S.SS4 90 I
Nickels L512,«aC0j
Cent* 61S.9S9 74
Total $:nr.,r7.-.7.;7 C4
la 1S9S-99 12C.37C7£3 26
The National Cashbox.
The rtafmer.t of c^iEh In the United States
tl»MUiJ ir,r Ji;n»? 1 la as follows:
Rc-e :rve Fund —
G.i; <\An ana tars J150.000.000 irt
Trust Fund—
Go'.d coin 225.^51.173 f-0
Silver dr-!!ars= 4r.,4T-).<<0<' 01
Raver dc-llars cf 1S9S S.3U.101 M
Silver tars of 1=30 71.12C>>?5 <"0
United Sui'^s r.t.s 4,7S5,«M) CO
General Fond-
Cold <vin ancl l>ars 43,'>22.W5 M
Ool.J certificates SS.SJ4.880 <M
River certificates fi.if37.3.'l «.'O
Filv«»r doiiars 4, 337. 443 00
Silver bullion 126.724 Cl
VnitM State? nctf-5 13,143.007 00
TifEF-or- ncti-p of :&'< l«'3.2« 00
National hcr.k notes S.612.189 a
Kract!.-.r:nl .-ilvrr coin C.C1X4SS 22
FVaottaoal currency 95 7S
Minor coin 43G.€M 13
Miw«S!aneous S7.'33 24
National Hank DeposJterieji —
Credit Trfcs-urer United .' : tates... 105.22C.525 39
Cre<iit I*. O.Vbursing: ofl'ic^rs... 6.Ci&5,Si'2 M
Total IU104.261.82J SO
May L J300 .' L 102, COS, 128 S3
Additional Cargo.
In addition to rarpn previously reported the
Curacao, which Failed Thursday for Mexico,
carried: I 1 ) pJcps dried fruit, 2C cs canned goods,
15 cs paint, 27 rkes (rroceri-'S and provision! 5 .
7 ok drugs, C l'kf;s splees. C33 Tbs bread. 15
pkca a;-fsa> Ins K'Jucs, 8 pkps acid. 2 cs am
m"r,ia, £0 rks r>"tato«?, 15 cs oil. 4>"'2 rs hanJ
warf. 10 cf pilch. 2 cr- fuse. 1000 bricks. 520
T!<^ t-tarrh, 235 ga'.s beer. 7 keps r.alls, t pki^s
recetMblea. 2 cs olives, S i>ki?s ship chandlery.
3 ¦ s v.acon material, 45.008 ft lun".l»er. 5000 Tbs
eoda a£h, i4'JC Its fjirar, 100 flasks quicksilver.
Exports to Central America.
The steamer City cf Sydney Failed yesterday
for Panama with a general cargo valued as
foil ewe: For Central America. SC0.3C6; for
Mexico, Il"23; for New Vork, £3246; total value,
C5.12S.
For Central America— 27 c? dr>' eoods, S03
Iba chf-ese. 24CK> Yt* lard. 43f'9 hb'.s flour. 247
pkgs groopries arM provisions. C5 cs salmon.
ISt fks ix>tetocE, 22 j=k£ onions, 33 cs canned
poodK. 12 pks* drif^d fruit, CC24 gals wine,
f/Jj gain b*pr. 7822SI Hjs uce, 1128 cs coal oil.
t" frbls 3JSJ Tbs tallnw, "3 rs paste, T.3 pksa I
Irr.nware. 17 l;f-ss r.aliB. %"<~ T!:s bread, 337S pai?
Wiilsky. 13 I'kRS hardware, "2 bflls brooms, 8
os j~<"intinp rr.otorlol. 14 pkips maehtOCTTa 12
tlnF mupmtfler. 10 l>V.zr tea. 13 bb!« cerr.ent,
IS rkps turpentine, 5 j^kfrs asssay K(>ods. 3'0 Tlis I
rniUstuJTs. U keps whlre lead. 5 cs drups, 21 i
f.ligs houwhi)kl RC'Ods, 31 c* oil. 14 pk^s Ft.i- .
tlonery. 3T<( s>k^ piiJ*. 4 es paint. 22 fl<:rs |
rt^el. 40Ck) ihB foda. 22 l.ktrs resin. 43 bxs I
etarch. 5 ;ke!= shoes, h Iwiis harness. 0 Ixils I
wire. 2S22 railroad ties, 75 tons coal. :
In trar.sit-27 pkgs fi'.k. 142 pkps prepared
meat, 4d Lils taper.. 4M0 T>R rice; value. J23C0.
For Mexico — Irt pkgs fireworks, 500 lidls
ehooks. 6 bills papers. 10 p^P" nails. 10.450 ft
lumber. 20 tks potatoes. 22 rkg-s Kroceries, CZ
gals wine, 3 pkes tr-a, 10 cs ccal oil. 6 ca
l,aint. 6 c* cartridces, )6 cs rarte.
For New York— 7922 gals wine, 125 bdls rags.
Weather Report.
OlCth Meriaian-Paclfle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 8, 1900—5 p. rn.
The fc'lowlns maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58- Los Anpreles so
Independence 92 San Luis Obispo 74
Mount Tamalps-i* DljEaa Diego 72
H«J B'.uff '** Sacramento S 1 )
Kresno 92i
San FVanclfico data: Maxlicum temperature,
C3: tr.lnirnum. £2; mean, «S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL'
FORECAST.
Cloudy ar.d irwiTaily threatening weather
prevails over Calilrrnia. Nevada. Northern
r Arizona snd Utah. Light eprinkles of rain are
reports In Nevada and Utah. Thunderstorms
are reports at Carson City and Salt Lake City.
' The piTErure has risen over the Pacific slope
ard Jalleri over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature hi.s fallen over the "Pacific
tl ;••- in Southern Arizona.
Conditions arc favorable for generally cloudy
end somewhat threatening wealher In Califor
nia Saturday.
Forecast made r.t San Franclrco for thlrfy
hours ending miflnipht. June 9. 1&00:
Northern California — Cloudy Saturday: cooler
Jr. the Interior; fresh west wln^.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday
•with fog along the coast In the morning; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy: cooler Saturday.
Utah— C'.oudy Saturday, probably light ehow
ers; cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Kan Frar.c'.Fc-o and \-icinity— Generally cloudy
cr foggy Saturday; fresh wen wind
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official
•
I shares was coincident with the deliberations of
the committee appointed by the presidents of
W*>stern railroads to concoct a plan for di
vision of traffic cave force to the supposition
that the prospect for a satisfactory settlement
is net very good. Faillnp In such a settlement
there is Mtiti to be a likeiihood of a widespread
and costly rate war. Coming In combination
with the- bad reports from the wheat country,
this Fcrvcd to effectually break the market and
price* went to pieces In the last half hour of
the trading:, the weakness Fpreading from the
Grangers, Pacifies and Southwestern into the
. trunk lines and specialties and embracing the
wholo list. This break came after a day cf
I-ersister.t dullness and lrrejjular fluctuations
in prices. The Incident immediately preceding
the brtak was an advance of over a point in
Iteauir.g first preferred, with confident absorp
tion of very large offerings. The second pre
ft-rrtd was all wiped out in the final break. An
increase in the earnings of Northern Pacific of
-S per cent for the fourth week in May did
not avail to save that stock from the break on
the unfavorable crcp prospects and it fell two
points. Mi-nourl 1'aciflc and Baltimore and
Ohio showed weakness before the general break
on general fears of disappointment regarding
dividends. There was a relaxation of the pres
sure en foreign markets, due to apprehension
ever the trouble in China, ar*i London bought
stocks here to a moderate extent,- causing some
Flight rains early in the day. The preliminary
estimates of the bank statement ficrure out a
small loss in cash owing to ths week's heavy
to f3.117.O"U > all on account of the cajl by the
Treasury of Government deposits in the banks.
The estimate* of receipts from the interior are
slightly In excess of those made last Friday,
but it was remembered that last Friday's esti
mates foil rhort by $1,500,000 of the actual re
ceipts, so that a rain in cash In to-morrow's '
statement would not be surpri?ing. The mar- !
ket <-los«-d active and. weak at about the lowest.
The t -nd market was very dull and price
chancres were remarkably small. Total sales, |
par value. S1.1W.000. United States bonds were ,
unchanged in bid quotations. \
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. :
Shares Closlnc I
Sold. Stocks— • Bid. i
4.2W Atchison 25 !
lS.t74 Atchison prefd 71',-j
7.4SS Baltimore & Ohio 77*,
Canadian Pacific 92*,
Canada Southern 5Ui
; COO Chesapeake & Ohio 27^ •
l. r -0 Chicago Great Western 11T»
10,54'i Chicago Burlinston & (Juincy 127*4
100 Chicaso Ind & Louisville 20Vi
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51
3'*) Chicago 6: Eastern Illinois »7
tW Chicago & Northwestern lC2^i
3,421 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106 ! » j
4'(0 C C C & Si Louis 68 '
SW Colorado Southern 6 |
$60 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44
LISS Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
Delaware <t Hudson 112 !
26) Delaware- Lack & Western 17S
Denver & Rio Grande 1754,
400 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd C7
Erie lttfc j
Erie 1st prefd 35V* |
£02 Great Northern prefd 161 i
Hocking Coal 14 j
30) Hocking Valley 36*1 •
2'JG Illinois Central 1121s i
1.2iO Iowa Central I'M f
Iowa Central nrefd 47 j
100 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf....... 16H j
€10 Lake Erie & Western 27^ 2 I
4C.0 Lake Erie & Western prefd &6 I
Lake Shore 2124 !
2.223 Louisville & Nashville 7Sli
2.070 Manhattan L 89 1 .*
£35 Metropolitan Street Railway 153
1M Mexican Central UK i
(00 Minneapolis & St Louis f-O-'i* ,
Mir.enapolis & St Louis prefd 94'^ ,
22.'M Missouri Pacific ' 53'£ j
Mobile & Ohio SS^
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
1.0M Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd S2Vi
fcSO New Jersey Central 121 j
1 K,0 New York Central 129'4 i
1.S55 Norfolk & Western 33*,i j
Norfolk & AVeFtem prefd 77 j
22.000 Northern "Pacific 57%!
l,::,0 Northern Pacific prefd ' 74'/* j
1,100 Ontario & Western 2')% j
Oiegon Railway & Xav 42
Orrijon Hallway '& Nav prefd..- 7G I
Z.CT.l Pennsylvania 123Vs j
2.ST0 .Kea.linK 17>i I
4S^2'i Reading 1st prefd 6S>^ j
6,;C5 Reading 2d prefd 30
100 Kio Grande Western M i
Rio Grande Western prefd £7% :
Bt Louis & Pan Fran S5i ]
St Louis <fc San Fran 1st prefd Pi
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3314
300 St Louis Southwestern lO^
1 100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 24^
15,070 St Paul 114«i
St Paul prefd 174
........ St Paul & Omaha 117
2.&S2 Southern Pacific 33%
1.500 Southern Railway 11%
2.115 Southern Railway prefd &3»,i
LSOO Texas 4 Pacific 15%
15.075 Union Pacific 'KH1
Lo24 Union Pacific prefd 73 1 * |
— ICO Wabash •... 7»i
1,3^0 prefd 19H
xm .Wheeling & Lake Erie $%
1.410 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd '24H
515 Wisconsin Central WA j
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 113
American 150 j
United States ! 45
Wells Fargo US
Miscellaneous—
American. Cotton Oil 34Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
2S0 American" Malting S%
American Malting prefd 2OVs
C30 American Smelting & Ref 33\i
473 'Aemrican Smeltlns & Ref prefd SOU |
American Spirits 9^
American Spirits prefd 17 I
4M> Amorii-n Steel Hoop...." ;. 30%
jOO American PtETl Honp prefd 70 '
1.C20 American' Steel & Wire 34<i
&,0 .American Stee! & Wire prefd 73*4
150 American Tin Plate 21Vfe
American Tin Plate prefd 72'^
5.775 American Tobacco 90*3 I
American -Tobccco prefd 129 I
COO Anaconda Mining- Co 4CV4
4.C.0 Brooklyn Uapid Transit CSHI
1.27.'i Colorado Fuel &. Iron 33 '
1.020 Continental Tobacco 24
CM Continental Tobacco prefd SO
l.eco Federal Steel 33%
720 Federal Steel prefd 66^
100 General Electric .132
110 Glucose Sug-ar 4S
2,340 Glucose Sufrar prefd 97
100 International Paper .".. 23U
200 International Paper prefd €6hi.
Laclede Gas 73
: National IJIscuit '. 2S ! i
* National Biscuit pre'q SO
400 National Lead isv;
National Lead prefd S5
120 National Steel 27>4
SCO National Steel prefd gCV«
7!>7 New York Air Brake 139
KW: North American \K%
100 Pacific Coast .49
... Pacific Coast l*t prefd S3 J
2S0 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 59 I
120 Pacific MaJl 27'4 i
4,?50 People's Gas 9S»;
Prepsed Steel Car ...•. ;.. 45>A
• 110 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75"
100 Puliman Palace Car z 1S2
...'.... Standard Hop* & Twine ;:5 :¦"'
17.S75 Sunar .........114',i
Supar prefd HJ
S.i.KS . Tennessee Coal Sc Iron CS%
524 United States Leather lP'i
1S4 United States Leather prefd......... CS^i
United States Rubber 25y.
443 United State* Kubgber prefd........ «3y*
275 Wentern Union 73ij
225 Republic Iron & Steel i»j^
270 Republic Iron & Steel prefd... te'-i
P C C & St Louis... 56
: Third Avenue ';... ,ui
CHICAGO, June's.— July wheat opened at 71®
71V4e, a flat Jump from yesterday's close of
U@t4c. Then began a trade which." in excite
ment and , volume exceeded even yesterday's,
when traders were referring to the days of the
Lelter deal for comparisons. The advance was
occasioned by the fact. that the Northwest was
still without rain." Realizing sales were
heavy, however, and July, following the open-
Ing, declined to 7054c. Then the pressure of
buying orders, bunches of which every man In
the pit seemed to have in the greatest plenty,
came to .the aid of the market and July shot
up to 71%c. Lots, which during the refent
dullness would have caused a' break In prices,
were absorbed without * a tremor. At this
point the .Weather Bureau announcement of In
dications of 6howers for, the Northwest Satur
day caused some cessation In the buying and
the takers of profit forced July gradually back
to 7054c The dip, however, merely gave the
buyers a breathing spell, | for at the price
quoted they Jumped Into the pit with renewed
vigor. Northwestern interests bought enor
mous quantities, as did Influential locals.
Some who went short early upon the theory
that the advance of yesterday would in the
natural course of things be followed by a
reaction covered, this aiding in the advance.
Trading during the last hour was very heavy.
July climbed up to 72%c and closed 2%c Im
proved at 72%@72%c. Cables were strong. The
spring wheat territory reported the crop situa
tion becoming more "critical. High winds
and sand yesterday, it was said, did further
damage to the North Dakota crop. Through
out the entire session the Northwest bought
persistently and heavy. Naturally there was a
great deal, of liquidating, but the small part
the Northwest took in this was notable and a
factor In the spurt which came when the ses
sion came to a close.
Corn was dull and easy during . the first
of the advance in wheat, but became very ac
tive later. The pit had been deserted in favor
of wheat until some buying. orders brought out
the fact that there was little for sale. In a
few minutes July went up over a cent a bushel
and once started the shorts were not to be de
nied. July sold between 3S%@40%e. closing 1&
@l%c improved at 40@40V»c.
Oats, like corn, lagged early, but later
braced up and closed strong. Trade was light.
July closed Vic better at 22c.
The provisions market was firm In sympathy
with wheat and corn. The .opening was firm.
There was a fair demand, but offerings in the
pit were fairly liberal. July pork closed 7V4C
over yesterday, July lard 5c higher and July
ribs 5@7y>c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
$3 60@4; Broilers, $2 5C®3 for large and $1 V>n
2 2S for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per <Xoz-n
for old and $1^1 23 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is quite firm at the noted advance a.-.i
some dealers are quoting 13Hc.
Cheese Is firm, with, lighter supplies.
Ranch Eggs are firm, but cheaper description
do not seem to Improve.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 13c; seconds IS' 7
lSHc
Dairy— Fancy. 17%1?lSc; good to choice, 163
17c; common. WS13e.
CHEESE— New. 8®9c: Young America. 33
9Hc: Eastern. 16§17c: Western. 15@15 per lb
EGGS— Quoted at 13 1 A'gl."c for store and 153
17V4c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15>£c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Thompson's Seedless Grapes from Arizona
sold at $2 50@3 per crate.
Figs came In from Vacaville and Fresno.
Peaches and Apricots were steady and la
fair demand, but Plums were neglected.
Berries showed no particular change.
DECIDUOUS FR11TS—
APRICOTS — 10363c per box for Royals; In
baskets. 30® 40c.
APPLES— Green Apples. 20'340c per box and
20@S0c per basket and 40@75c for Red Astra
chans, large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxes, 20@33c per
box; In baskets. IJ'U'iZc.
PLUMS— 2o®50c per box and 'crate; Cherry-
Plums. 20iS30c for drawers and 4Cgo0c for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<g4 50 per chest for larga
and $3@S for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES- ZtHS^c per lb for commca
an d tier Ih for English.
RASPBERRIES— |3S6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®5 per chest: fr?m Fres
no 50c. and from Newcastle. 30fl40c per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5<S6 per chest
CURRANTS— $3@t 50 per chest.
FIGS— From Vacaville, $1; from Fresno, $1 13
©1 50 p*r box.
PEACHES-2cf$l per box and 73c3il per
basket.
CHERRIES— 3o#50e per box for black; Rova!
Anne. 40®60c. In bulk, 2&*c for black and 43 ic
for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— N'avel Oranges. DKKttSO
per box: Seedlings. $lfl 73; Valencias. $3-33 50:
Lemons. $1"?1 50 for common and J2S2 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. HQo; Ba
nanas, $1 5C@3 per bunch; Pineapples, |3 5Cgl
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New Apricots are expected next weeft.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 4S4!ia
for 40-50*9. 3%'©3»ic fir 50-60' s. 3^33%c lor
60-70' s. 3®3Uc for 70-8(>'s. 2% 33c for 80- DO' 9
and 2H®2% C for 90-100'*; Apricots. 9@10c for
Royals and 10311c for Moorparks; Peaches,
4%@1% C f° r Standards. 5c for choice and 5HS)
6c for fancy; Peeled Pej.ches, 10@12%c; Evapo
rated Apples. SH-SSc; sin-dried. 3@4c per lb;
Pears 3^>@-»Hc for darit and 7@Sc for bright
halves: Black Figs. l*$2c: White Fi?s. 2§.ic-.
Bleached Plums. 7%c; Cnbleached Plums, tfa
for pitted and l%c for unplttsd.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's ' fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime. 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy. P«r lb. 8Hc; cholc?. 7^c; standard. 615c:
prime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 3^c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 6a Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 10: Imperial. 13. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts', S^9c fir Standards and 5$
lCc for softshells; Almonds, UKftlZc for paper
shell 9'glCc for soft and 433c for hardshell;
Peanuts o s 4'?i6"-» c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia- Brazil Nuts. ~V«®3c; Filherts, 12O12i-c;
Pecans ll®13c; Cocoanuts. *4 5C®i
HONEY— Comb. IS'jSlSc for bright and Uty
l'c for light amber; water white extracted.
;^g73ie: light amber extracted, IQTMc; dark.
Cc per lb.
BEESWAX- 24326c per lb.
Provisions.
The general cutting in Hams. Bacon and La-d
is demoralizing the market, and it is now every
man for himself. Posted buyers can purchase
at low prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOtJICUc per lb for
heavy lOU'alOUc for light medium, ll?ic far
light. 12V2C "for extra light and H'*c for sugar
cured Kastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13e;
Mesa Beef. *12 per bbl: extra Mess, *13; Family.
$14- extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. $ij;
Mess. $16 30; Smoked Beef. 124313c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c uer lb for com-
pound and S',ic for pure: half-barrels, pure.
SSiic: 10-lb tins. ?Hc: 0-lb tins. S=sC
COTTOLENE-TiercM. S-SflS^c per lb: haif
banels. 8»*SS T ic; 10-lb tins. 9!ic
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
•Wool continues dull and unchanged. Hides
show no Improvement, the demand being slow
and quotations weak. Hops are In the same
old rut.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. Sc; light. 9c; Cowhides.
Sc: Stass. ~c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 10c; Dry
1 Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands. 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 20®30c each; short Wool. 3i<g60o
each: medium. 70<fc~30c: long Wool. $131 50 each:
Horse Hides. ?2fi2 50 for large and 7oc<?IJl U>
for small: Colts. 2"><SG0c. Ueerskins — Summer
or red skins. 37 l a'3-40c; faU or med-.um skins.
32%<83oc; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth. COc;
medium, 33c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4'-ic per lb: No. 2.
4c: refined. 6c; crease. Hi®3c.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. lS^'iil'c; Northern defective. T3
©13c: Middle County, free. 153117c; Middle
County, defective. I3®13c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12'S13c: Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. 11913c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months'. 10S12c: HumLoMt and Ueado
clno. 2O@21c; Nevada, lmiTc per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6£llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
I Hogs are getting scarce again, and the pack
ers may have to advance their bids nest week
to cet supplies. Other Meats stand as before.
BEEF— 5Va<36Vic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. S^Oc: small. S-SS'rsC per Hx
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V»©7c: ewes. 6-g6%c pe r
pound.
LAMB— Spring-. 8%f9c; yearlings. 7%S8c per
pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5T»UCc for «mall. SfctJS 7^
for medium and 5'»<g5Hc for large: stock Hog*
and feeders. Mi®SHc; dressed Hoes. iSS^c
General Merchandise.
JVhcai market advancing all over tlie world.
Barley and Oats showing firmer tone. .
Some descriptions of Corn higher. Rye dull.
New York Exchange declined.
Coiicc market reported in better tone.
Hay dull and unchanged. Feedstuff s firm.
Beans and Seeds motionless and nominal.
Potatoes firm and Onions easv.
Butter rules firm at the recent advance.
Eggs and Cheese steady.
Poultry dull and plentiful at still lozver prices.
Fresh Fruits steady and in good demand.
New Grapes appeared from Arizona.
New dried Apricots expected next week.
Provisions still being freely cut.
Wool, Hides and Hops dull and unchanged.
Hogs firm and getting scarce again.
Riec rather firm, especially locally.
Coal steady and in moderate receipt.
' - ;7 i CLOSING BONDS. .V
i 23 ,f ef£ f <»'hen |M K & T 2ds 6S
Issued) rfg.......iO3^! Do 4s 91
Do coupon 103% JN Y Cent lsts mtj,
£° ; s ™8 100 JN J Cent een 5s. .122
P° I s T *B 109 iNorthern Pac 3s.. 67H
Do 3s coup io» , Do 4a... 105
Do new 4s rfeg...i34UlN Y C & St L 4s. .106
Do new 4s coup.l34VN & W con 4s 97%
Do o d 4s n>B....lM>,i Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s COUp..llSVi| D.) <>% IC'4
£° 5s reg H3'i;Or Bbort Line "6s"l2S
r>P° 5 S^°° U P 113H I rv. .-on 6s 114
Dls of Col 3.65s.. ..123 IRea.ling Gen 4s.... EStf
Atchison gen 4s....lonT4!R O \V lsts 09^
Do adj 4s MVilst L & I M con 5s. 110^
Canada Sou 2ds....lC6">;:s L & S F Gen 6s. 104
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99!i:st Paul Con 171
Do f,s in |St P C & P lsts. ..120
C & N con 7s i4Ui Do 5s ...121
Do S F Deb Ss-.^Kli'Southern Pac 4s... E0%
Chic Term 4s...... 65 Southern Ry 5s. ...112
Colorado Sou 4s.... S6'£ Stand R & T 6s... 71
D & R G lsts .102 Tex & Pac lsts. ...11314
if 99% Do 2ds 65
g T X & O lsts..l30Vj,iUnton Pac 4s 106%
g r 'f. 9* n iB 72%|Wabash lsts .115
F \\ & D C lsts... 70H Do 2ds 102
general Elec 6s. ..120 West Shore 4s 113-&
a J-"f"t lsts 112 wis Cent lets 91
K C P & G lsts.... 71% Va Centuries 92-%.
L & N Uni 4s 100»,i
MINING STOCKS.
£hollar 18 Ontario 6 87
Crown Point 05;Ophtr E6
Con Cal & Va.... 1 35 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60, Quicksilver 150
Gou.d & Curry.... 10J Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 15;Sierra Nevada 27
Homestake 50 00; Standard 8 50
Irone Silver 60 Union Con.. IS
Mex 'can lSiYellow Jacket..... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Union Pacific 53V4
Call loans 2H®3iSVest End 92%
Time leans 2H@3| Bonds—
Stocks- I Atchison 4s ...... .100%
AT & St Fe 25 N E Gas & C 5s.. 65
Do prefd 71% Mining Shares-
Am Sugar, ex div.ll3% ! Adventure 3Vt
Do prefd 113'/i. ! Allouez Ming Co.. 1 *
Bell Telephone :...300 JAmal Copper S7%
B & A, ex dlv 241 Atlantic 21
Boston Elevated ..139 Boston & Mont....29S
Boston & Maine... 191 Butte & Boston.... 65
C B & Q 1271; Calumet &*Hecla..71O
Dominion Coal 41 Centennial 16
Do prefd 117 Franklin 12VS-
Federal Steel 33% Humboldt SO "
Do prefd €6^Osceola 60
Fitchburg prefd. ..131 iParrot 39VI
General Electric... 133 IQuincy 135
Mexican Central .. 12H;?ante Fe Copper.. 4%
N E Gas & Coke.. 16 (Tamarack 1S1
I Old Colony 206 ;Utah Mining 27T4
I Old Dominion 16 'Winona 2%
I P.ubber 25 I
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
fesslonal operators while trying several times
during the day to undermine prices I met their
matches and were obliged to retreat. in the last
hour when highest prices of the session were
attained. Crop damage reports from spring
wheat States are undoubtedly very bullish, but
there Is some question as to whether the ad
vance : has not; been too rapid under the cir
cumstances. July wheat went up from 75%c
early In the day to V%c in the late afternoon,
closing at 77Hc Foreign houses also proved
good ¦ buyers of the staple and general senti
ment was strongly in favor of higher prices,
should rain be withheld much longer from the
spring wheat belt. Operations In the option
market reached a total of about 5,000,000 bush
els for the day. which Is the heaviest business
done In . a year or more. ' >*-*¦ iV/
+ . . '¦ -f
effects of the approaching Presidential' elec
tion. The unfavorable development in' the crop
outlook at -the Northwest has also been a
factor, r while the continued weakness of the
steel stocks and the closing of more i mills
with lower quotations for . the products of the
iron industry aid in holding »peculatlve senti
ment in comple'te- check. , At the same time
the floating supply of stocks is small, the
market becomes easily oversold and after bear
operators apply pressure to cause lower prices
the succeeding rallies, while not long, are
sharp and rapid.
Bradstrcet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Bradstrect's to-mor
row will say: New business at wholesale Is
of a between-statlons character, but warmer
weather has offered a stimulus to retail busi
ness in some sections. Chief activity and
most attention are, however, still' concentrated
on the price situation and efforts to readjust
quotations to meet current demand and supply
conditions go forward steadily. Tha exception
to the general downward trend of prices Is
that furnished by leading farm products,
notably cereals, but here the moving cause Is
hardly favprable, being the result of less satis
factory crop reports, particularly from the
Northwest, and It Is to be noted that advices
from the Central West, where the winter
wheat ' yield promises to be very short, are
also less favorable. The Northwest has had
someraim, but, it Is claimed, not enough to
render the situation free of danger. Corn crop
conditions remain favorable, as likewise do
those of oats, . but the grain and hog products
have sympathized In the upward movement
of wheat,- which has at last broken from Its
lethargy and Is again attracting speculative
attention. Foreign crop advices, It might be
added, are not nattering. The German rye
crop promises to be very short; the same re
port comes regarding French wheat, and Eng
lish crop advices are not of the best.
If, as has been claimed, lower prices for
Iron favor an Increased consumption, current
developments In this trade may be classed as
favorable because concessions are being stead
ily made In nearly every branch of trade. The
price of Bessemer pig and steel billets for
the last half of 1900 1 has been agreed upon,
the result being a drop of 16 per cent In pig
iron and of 20 per cent In billets from the. old
nominal quotations, which, however, have not
been closely adhered -to of late. Southern Iron
advices are of shading In quotations in sym
pathy with similar action taken at Pittsburg.
Chicago and other iron market*. Prices at
Birmingham are now on a parity with those
of Europe, freight charges considered, and
here, as In the North, . the possibility of. labor
tests Intrudes Itself.
Cotton is slightly, weaker. Cotton goods are
dull. Wool is dull and on the whole slightly
weaker' at Eastern markets. Men's wear
goods reorders are of fair volume, while mills
engaged on women's wear goods are fairly well
employed. The outlook favors lower prices for
the new spring weights. ¦
Little that Is new comes from the shoe busi
ness. Leather Is dull and 1 rather weak^ Price
shadlngs are reported the rule in lumber and
this,- coupled '¦ with low water In the North
west, it is hoped may restrict new production.
Surplus visible wheat supplies are decreas
ing rapidly, lending Interest to current un
favorable crop reports. The decrease In Amer
ican stocks, as reported to Bradstreet'a in
May, was 1.1,330.000 bushels, ncrtlnst a falling
off of 0,033,000 bushels In April. Supplies In
Europe, Australia and Argentina also de
creased, though to "a much less marked extent
and the result Is an aggregate world's sup
ply on June 1 of 143.SS3.O0O bushels, a supply
of 15.665,000 bushels less than on May 1, and
comparing with a decrease in May a year ago
of less than" 1,000,000 bushels, and two years
ago of an increase of nearly 2,oCfl,000 bushels.
The decrease In American and European sup
plies is the largest reported In any month
since 1S9S, and Is the largest reported In May
since 1S95.
- Business failures number 184, as compared
with 135 last week, 178 In this week a year
ago, 221 in 1838, 216 In 1S97 and 274 In 1898.
There were 96 failures in Canada in May.
Involving- J331.2S0 of liabilities, an Increase of
13 per cent In number and of 75 per cent In
liabilities over the same month a. year ago.
preferred. 77%; Atchison, 26%: Anaconda. VA
Rand mines. 40%. Bar silver, steady, 27Hd.
/ New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 8.— The market /or meta's
was somewhat Irregular to-day. Business, how
ever, was of a hand-to-mouth order, j Lake
copper In response to later advices from Lon
don eased off some 5 points and closed easier
In tone at $16 50. Plglron, warrants ruled very
weak at $15. sellers. Lead and spelter were
dull and settled at $3 85@3 90 and $4 40@4 45. re-
Fpectively. Tin, however, ruled a little steadier
on some buying goods, but toward the close
the market became easier and closed dull, with
sellers at $29 75. The broken?" price for lead
was $3 70 and for copper $1S 50. . . .
Neu\ York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June S-— Money on caH. steady,
at 1*;@2 per cent; last loan. 1% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3H<§4 P«r cent -, Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at • $4 87U@4 87% for demand and at $4 84%
04 S4% for sixty days; posted rates. $4 SoV* and
$4 SSH : commercial bills, $4 83%@4 S4. Silver
certificates. 60®61c. Bar silver. 60c. Mexican
dollars, 47%c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, irreg-
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available casn
balance, $146,794,575; gold. $73,123,830.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 8.— Clearings, $310,953;
balances, ,$59,492. , •
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. June 8.— In the wheat market
dealers are Inclined to proceed with caution
until they are assured of the permanency of
the strength elsewhere. Walla Walla and val
ley. 52®53c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, June ' 8.— WHEAT-Prlces are
higher In sympathy with other markets: blue
stem, 55V4c; club, SZVtc: both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. June 8.— Consols. 101 9-16@101 13-16;
Bar silver. 27%d; French Rentes. lOlf 27%c.
Wheat cargoes on passage, sellers at 3d ad
vance* cargoes No. 1 standard California. 2Ss
9d- cargoes Walla Walla, 28s; cargoes Oregon,
29s. English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. June 8.— WHEAT- Steady: No.
1 standard California, 6s ld@6s l>,yl: Wheat In
Paris, strong; Flour In Paris, strong. French
country markets, firm.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL. June 8.— WHEAT- Spot, firm:
No. 1 California, 6s ld@6s l%d; No. 1 Northern
Spring, 5s 10»id. Futures, quiet; July, as lOVjd;
September. 5s 10%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s 10%d. Futures', quiet; July. 3s lid; Septem
ber. 3a HHd. - • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1900
Chicago Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. S3 C: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 63ic; Wool Bags. 2SVi032Hc;
Fleeced Twine. 7*ic.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ten; new Welling*
ton. |3; Southfield Wellington. $3; Seattle. $S;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. J5; Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsend. $3; Cumb-rland. $12 in
bulk ana $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Ar.thra-,
cite Egg. n«i Cannel. $11 per ton; Coir. $:^j
per ton In bulk and J1S In sacks; Castla Caia
and Rock Springs. $3 45 per it 00 lbs.
Harrison's Circular says: "During the week
there have been seven arrivals of Coal from
Washington. 19,531 tons; three from British Co
lumbia, 9O7S tons; one from Oregon. (SI tons;
one from Australia. 31C2 tons: total. BLS1 tons.
The liberal- deliveries this week will provide
generously for all immediate requirements ami
reave a small quantity over to be yarded. The
engagement list of Coal carriers from Australia
Is enlarging, as there are forty-seven vessels
chartered, with a carrying capacity of 113,000
tons. - There are fifty-one vessels listed from
there for Honolulu, with 87.000 tons. This evi
dences an Influx of Colonial fuel later in the
year, nnd it will come to a good market, aa
there la none here In Jobbers' hands at present.
All that Is leading has already passed out of
first hands. The extreme rates new being of
fered for outward grain carriers shouM leal to
liberal shipments from foreign sources, but ton
nape is wtarce in all Australian ports. Freight
rates from 'the coast on Coal remain firm, aa
Alaska is utilizing all the disengaged tonnage
for the moment; a few months hence this de
mand must diminish, and will ai.l shipments
here from British Columbia and Washington.
Prices remain unchanged and the demand la
brisk. The loading 1 or English and Swansea
products hss almost come to a standstill, as
the cost of Coal at these shipping poinu makes
It almost prohibitory."
RICE— China mixed. $4 10; China Xo. I. U 2T-9
* 70; extra do, J5>Sa 30; Hawaiian. *3@5 25;
Japan. $4 7.Vf?5: Louisiana. $4 50@7.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Keftnlns; Com
pany quotes, per !b. In 10O-»b bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5 70c; Powdered.
5.3Cc: Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Granulated.
5.20c; Con feet lcncrV A. 5.20c; Magnolia A. I.SOe;
Kxtra C. 4.70o: Golden C. 4.«Cc; barrel. 10c
more; half-barrel*. 20e more: boxes. 50c mere;
r.O-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. .
half-bnrrels. 5.»Sc: boxes. «.20c ix»r 1b X
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular «lves tHT*
receipts at this port since January 1 at 123,7-1
Continued on Page Thirtaen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Nku York Stock Market.
SEW YORK, Jus* ?.— The combination
movement — bear and ball movement— In stocks
which is an araiia! feature at some period
of the growing crop made its appearance to
day. Tfce wheat market advanced ,!n an ex
dt*-<1 way on an increasing volume nt rumors
of disaster* to spring wheat In the North-west.
Wall street had similar advices and apparently
the conviction that porious ham has already
been dor.e to the epring wheat gained force
Fteadlly during the Uay. There Is growing un
eauineits as well over the ra!# situation among
ra-ilroads west of Chicago. • The fart that the
late break in the prices of Western railroad
ARTICLES. [Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels -...' 13.000. : 7.000
Wheat, bushels ol.OCO 123,000
Corn? bushels 2SG.OCO 1S3.000
Oats, bushels 175.000 32S.O0O
Rye. bushels 2.000 .-
Barley bushels 22.000 , 16.000
ARTICLES.
IOpen.1 High.) Low. [Close.
.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70% 71%
July 71»4 72 s );
August 71ft 73*»
Corn No. 2—
June 3SH 40
July 3S% 40ft
Oats No. 2— I
June 21H 22H
July 21>s 22»i|
Mesa Pork, per bbl— | I
July.... ....1190 11 90 f
September 1190 11 90 :
Lard, 100 lbs—
July 6 97^4 7 00 •
September 6 97V4 7 00
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July ••• S STVi 6 90
September 6 S7H 6 HO
70 71»i
70% 72*4
71% 73ft
5S',i 40
33*» 40H
! 21% 22H
I 21% t -'h
|U 75 11 SIM,
n so ii ao
• 6 92% 6 97V4
6 95 7 00
6 85 6 90
b So fiSO
ARTICLES. [Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels -...' 13.000. : 7.000
Wheat, bushels ol.OCO 123,000
Corn? bushels 2SG.OCO 1S3.000
Oats, bushels 175.000 32S.O0O
Rye. bushels 2.000 .-
Barley bushels 22.000 , 16.000
ARTICLES.
IOpen.1 High.) Low. [Close.
.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70% 71%
July 71»4 72 s );
August 71ft 73*»
Corn No. 2—
June 3SH 40
July 3S% 40ft
Oats No. 2— I
June 21H 22H
July 21>s 22»i|
Mesa Pork, per bbl— | I
July.... ....1190 11 90 f
September 1190 11 90 :
Lard, 100 lbs—
July 6 97^4 7 00 •
September 6 97V4 7 00
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July ••• S STVi 6 90
September 6 S7H 6 HO
70 71»i
70% 72*4
71% 73ft
5S',i 40
33*» 40H
! 21% 22H
I 21% t -'h
|U 75 11 SIM,
n so ii ao
• 6 92% 6 97V4
6 95 7 00
6 85 6 90
b So fiSO
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
SWITZER'S STOCKYARD,
Cor TWELFTH ard HARP.ISON STS..
MONDAY .June 11, 1900,
AT 11 A. M.
We will sell 40 head of horses from Miller £
Lux Ranch. These horses are from 4 to 7 year<
old and weigh from lOvO to 1200 pounds, are w«n,
halter-broke. Will make first-class driving
horses. Must be sold without reserve or limit
Horses will arrive Friday. June S.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Office 327 Sixths St., San Francisco.Sweden has 50.000 telephones and 63,000
miles of .telegraph wire. / '
Granted Divorce and Alimony.
OAKLAND. June 8.— Judge , Ogden to
day granted a divorce to Anne Klose from ¦
Emil A.. Klose on the ground of desertion.
The plaintiff was awarded, the custody of
the two minor children and Emil A. Klose
was ordered to pay, $50 a month alimony.
Dolores Parlor High Jinks.
The initial high jinks of the "baby par
lor," Dolores No. 205. N. S, G. W., was
held at its hall last Monday evening. The
guests were entertained by- the folio-wing 1
well-known . talent: James E. Donahue,
Brownie Banjo Trio. Messrs. Kelly and
Marlow. Jimraie Anthony Sullivan, G.
Schwertfeger. Mr. Taaffe. Joseph , P. Mc-
Aullffe. Fay brothers. S. J. Strauss. Mike
Brown and Peter Lenhardt. Compli
mentary remarks on and toasts to the
success of the "infant parlor" were made
by Grand Marshal Stephen J. Costello
Past Grand President John H. Grady and
Thomas E. Curran, president of Dolores
Parlor. . . s
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
ATLANTIC C1TT, June 8.— The Hftr-nrst an
nual session of the Medical Association of the
United States adjourned to-day to meet next
; year at St.. Paul.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— The Secretary of the
Treasury to-day Issued the second of a series
of calls to be made on depository banks for
$5,000,000 to be turned Into the treasury on or
before June 25.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— The Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia to-day denied a
petition to restrain John W. Hayes, secretary
treasurer of the Knights of Labor, from Inter
fering with John M. Parsons and other mem
bers of the executive committee In taking pos
session of the books of the organization.
NEW ORLEANS, June 8.— There Is. yet no
clew to the robber who secured $400 at the
postofnee yesterday from a pile of money iylnf?
Just | Inside one of the windows of the ¦ money
order department. The local postofflce In
spectors think a sneak thief reached through
the window while the clerk In charge had his
back turned nnd took the_money._
Musicians Elect Officers.
PHILADELPHIA, June 8.— The Ameri
can Federation of Musicians, which is
holding its annual convention in this city,
to-day elected the following officers:
Provident, Joe E. Web^r of Cincinnati:
secretary, Owen Miller, St. Louis; treas
urer. Otto Ostondorf. £t- Louis. Among
the five district officers elected is Frank
Spifgpl of Denver for the Fifth district.
CABMEN IN PARIS
TO GO ON A STRIKE
Contend That the Charges for Hous
ing Cabs Are Too High and Seek
a Reduction.
PARIS, June 9.— In accordance with the
decision reached by a large meeting yes
terday In the Bourse du Travail the cab
men of three companies. Including one of
the largest in Paris, the Compagnie Gen
erale, will go on a strike to-day. They
conted that the charge for housing cabs
is too high.
One company has already reduced the
charges, but the largest, that at Laval
lois-Perrot, which employs 3000 men. still
holds »ut. and it is feared that these
drivers also will join the strikers.
Strike Declared Off.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 8.-The wood
workers' strike was officially declared off
to-day, the men having secured their de
mands as to hours and wages. All but
wv* ,ff of V he IKen pot thelr Places
tSfif'-l!^ n i!, m J? e L of w new men having
been employed during the strike.
Fire in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 8.— To-night fire de
stroyed the building at the southwest cor
ner of Fourth and Santa Clara streets oc
cupied by Walsh's blacksmith shop and
the California Screen Company and a
dwelling house adjoining belonging to W
Moir. Total loss, {30u0; covered by in
surance.
Marquis Ito May Befuse.
YOKOHAMA. June D.-It Is believed
here that Marquis Ito will refuse to ac
cept the leadership of the Liberals and
that therefore the Marquis Tamagata will
remain Premier until the Diet opens, in
November next.
Wheat Crop Injured.
MIXNEWAUKAN. N. D-. June 8.— A
hard freeze last night formed a quarter
of an Inch of ice. Much wheat was cut to
the ground. The crop cannot exceed half
the ordinary yield.
Plot to Remove From Office Chief
Dnnn and Inspectors Gardner
and I*ynch-
Costomi Cnlk'otor Jackson received a
t<!fsrram yesterday from O. L. Spaulding.
Assistant S< v er<ptary of the Treasury. In
structing him to continue handling Chin
ese Immigration business as heretofore
until he received written instructions
from Washington which will reach here
in a few day*.
It If nit known whether the present
Chicese Bureau will have charge of Chin
f« immigration under National Immigra
tion Commissioner Powderly. or whether
Mr. PowdTly v/ill appoint his own force.
It was whWperod about amnng Chinese
err tract labor brokers yesterday that a
•¦trong effort was being made at Wash
irzton by their agents to bring on this
change and thereby get rid of Chief
I'ur.n. Dr. Gardner and John Lynch, who
have bc-«=n sharp thorns in the sides of
the coolie Importer?.
COOLIE BROKERS IN
ANOTHER CONSPIRACY
Six hundred thousand fewer cigarettes
were smoked in the United States In 1Sj3
than in- 1S0S.
Czechs as Obstructionists.
VIENNA, June 9.— The Czechs con
tinued their obstruction tactics in the
Reichsrath until 1 o'clock this (Satur-
day) morning. They brought hammers
and hammered the /desks, smashing fur
niture and working in relays to ke>«p up
the tumult
MOB STORMS A JAIL
TO LYNCH PRISONERS
Plans Foiled by the Sheriff, Who
Had Spirited His Charges
A •way.
XEW ORLEANS. June ?.— The resi
dents along the Gulf coast, it is under
stood, have organized to mete out sum
mary Justice to Henry Askew and 'Ed
Russ, two negroes in jail at Mississippi
City. The preliminary trial yesterday
failed to fasten guilt on either, although
it is positive that both were In the vicin
ity of the place where the thirteen-year
old school fjirl was outraged and mur
dered and knew s^methinR 1 of the affair.
The Biloxi people decided to keep work
ing on the case, but the men In the other
towns have decided apparently to wait
no longer, and late reports are that a
party of avengers started for that place
at midnight. <
MOBILE. Ala.. June 9.— The mob
stormed the Harrison County Jail at an
early hour this mnrninsr. but the prison
ers. Askew and Unas, nad been spirited
away by the Sheriff.
Bridere Contract Awarded.
Sperfal Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. June 8.— A joint session
of the Supervisors of Yolo and Solano
counties was held here to— day at which
the contract for the constructing of the
Putah Creek bridge was awarded to the
San Francisco Bridge Company.
Wilcox Jury Still Out.
SANTA ROSA. June S.— The jury In tha
WIlcox murder case has been unable to
reach a verdict and is locked up In the
Occidental Hotel for the night. Thera
seems to be but little chance for an agree
ment.
Sister Mary Joseph Dead.
GAt.VESTOX. T?x.. June- 8.— Sister
Mary Joseph, one of the founders of the
Order of the Incarnate Word, la dead,
aged 60 years. She was Luclne Ftaussin
and entered a convent at Lyons, France,
thirty-four years ago.
Nominated by Socialists.
NEW YORK. June 8.— Thirty-three
members of the Socialist Labor party of
the State of New York met In convention
and placed In nomination a State ticket
headed by Charles H. Corrigan of Syra
cuse for Governor.
of Alameda County-or. for that matter of the
entire Third Congressional district-will » ak ,!
any stock In this attempt of a corrupt and ir
responsible coterie to blacken the character and
reputation of snch a man as Henry Dalton. ue
cau"e he has been and still 19 an hon«,t man
and an Incorruptible official the pe op»« who have
be»n Instrumental In havlns this most unjust
and silly charge brought against him have been
industriously engaged In bushwhacking him
ever since he has been In public life. I na«
seen many so-called "shrewd- moves made in
the politics of this county ami this State, but I
never yet have seen anything to compare in in
decency with this last attempt to get out of the
way a candidate for office. That it will not
succeed I have no doubt. For 1 think I know
the people of Alameda County well enough to
know that they will indorse the course of any
man who Is attacked, as Dalton has been, by
the enemies of good government and honesty in
public life. The people will. I have no doubt,
resent this attack on Dalton and rebuke tnU
attempt to besmirch his character and set him
aeide as a candidate ggggg-g p ARDEE .
DEPUTIES ARE DISMISSED.
County Clerk Frank C. Jordan to-day
revoked the appointments of all of the
deputy county clerks appointed for regis
tration purposes and announced that no
special deputies would be allowed in the
future.
J»lr. Jordan says this action was taken
in order that his office may be relieved
from any possible charge that it Is being
used for political purposes. The regular
force of office deputies will do the work
hereafter and will visit the various sec
tions of the city and the county and take
registrations.
A number of appointments had been
made for the purpose of registration at
the request of candidates. These were all
revoked. The Metcalf men are not pleased
at this and say that Mr. Jordan is making
Mr. Dalton's right for Congress.
"Mr Jordan has revoked the appoint
ments of all of the deputies requested by
our side." said Paul SchatTer. one of Mr.
Metcalf's organizers. "If Mr. Jordan has
done this in order to clear himself from
a charge of favoring one side more than
the other he has >naade a mistake. Mr.
Jordan Is a noted partisan of Mr. Oalton,
and to refuse to appoint a few deputies
at our request will merely create tno
charge that he has thrown his office Into
politics. We are not going to do anything,
because we can't."
The Members of the Grand Jury.
The occupations and residences of the
members of the Grand Jury that returned
an indictment and accusation against
County Assessor ll. P. Dalton are as fol
lows:
T L. Barker (foreman), capitalist:
office 201. 203 Marke» street, San Fran
cisco; residence, 1119 Castro street. Oak
land. *..
John Dickson, 'Carpenter; residence.
152S Sherman street. Alameda.
William Day, farmer; residence, near
Sunol.
A L*. Fish, merchant, fire .engines and
machinery. 53 and 61 First street. San
Francisco; residence. 947 Linden «treet.
Oakland.
Ernest A. Brangrs, piano tuner. San
Francisco; residence, 1215 Twelfth street.
Oakland.
Franklin Bangs. assi5tant secretary
of the Home Mutual Insurance Com
nany of 318 California street. San Fran
cisco; residence, 118 Xinth street. Oak-
Samuel Heywccd, lirmher dealer. West
Berkeley: residence, 1307 Shattuck ave
nue, Berkeley. ,
Louis Homeier, manager Homeler a
Orchestra; residence, 1527 Willow street.
Alameda. '.ilt
Ira M. Weiitworth. member of the
firm of I. M. Wentworth & Co., manu
facturers and Jobber* in boots and
shoes at 119 Pine =t;<-et. San Francisco;
residence. 1«!2 Fourteenth street, Oak-
a EdRftr Bishop, real estate dealer and
Insurance broker. 468 Tenth street, Oak
land: residence. 1167 West street.
George B. M. Gray, real estate broker
and notary public. 645 Ninth street. Oak
land: residence. 176S Ninth street.
Minor Hiilyard, retired capitalist, res
idence 1320 Castro street. Oakland.
Andrew J. Nor. member of the grocery
firm of Eiben & Nor, doing business at
Seventh and PeraUa streets. West Oak
land: residence. Ml Peralta street.
John B. Greenleaf. teaming contractor;
residence. 1625 Eighth avenue, East Oak-
a Georpe Burbeck. secretary of the Oak
land BuUdlrK and Loan Association: res
idence 1259 West street. Oakland.
Robert M. Turner, retired farmer; res
idence 178 Ninth street. Oakland.
James Moffltt. member of the firm of
Blake Moffltt & Towne, paper dealers
at 55 to 61 First street. San Francisco:
re«idence. corner of Twenty-seccnd and
Webster streets.
C P Hoasr, assistant secretary of the
Home Security Buildlnjr and Loan Asso
ciation of Oakland; residence, 1619 Wal
nut street, Berkeley. '
Hugo Abrahamson. a member of the
firm of Abraham.«on Bros., dry goods
dealers corner of Thirteenth and Wash
ington ptrvets, Oakland; residence. Vi
East Eleventh street.
Because they had not been invited to at
tend the graduating exercises at the
TCauftfaston Grair.-3ar School a number
of boys took revenge by gathering in
Icrce crowds and breaking the windows
vetth stones. Thursday night they wrought
much havoc and last night they returned
to the school building, which Is located at
the corner of Mason and Washington
struts. Intent on further venting their
disFatisfaction.
Officer John O'Brien of *h« CaJtfornla
eir^ct police station was sent to the
school building ai:d found a mob of about
forty boys congregated or the corner and
after some little difficulty dispersed It.
Hardly had he left the scene -when the
boys returned. laden with rocks, and
waited for The programme to commence
lr.Flde. The school authorities again r.oti
fled the police and O'Brien was sent hack
In company with Officers John, Davids
sr.d George Haokett to quell the disturb
ance. They reached the place in time to
prevent a repetition of the previous
night's affair, but were obliged to remain
on the premises until the exercises had
concluded to prevent trouble.
The hoys cialrn they were overlooked
wfcen the Invitations were given out and
they thought the proper caper would be
to break the windows of the schoolhouse
•rfaQe the exercises were in progress.
Citizens in the locality of Oreenwich
ard Montgomery streets telephoned to the
CaltforrJa-ptreei station last night that
Erother gar.g of boys was destroying
much property in that neighborhood. Of
ficers Dnvids and Hackc-tt were sent to the
«=o«>n^. They found many windows broken,
but the culprits fled as soon as the police
arrived.
OScers From the California-Street
Police Station Bequired to Quell
Disturbance at the Wash
ing-ton Grammar.
Boys Refused Invitations to
the Closing Exercises
Make Trouble. >
BROKE SCHOOL
HOUSE WINDOWS
AS A REVENGE
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
% 1113 Broadway. June S.
A county seat war of large proportions
Is on In Contra Costa County. The fight
is over a proposition to move the seat
from Martinez to Concord. The battle
was opened upon the projected construc
tion of a new courthouse, for which
1100.000 was appropriated by the Super
visors recently.
A petition with 2000 names attached has
been filed with the board urging that an
election be called at which the question of
removal may be submitted to the voters
of the county. It Is a. tight between the
east and the west ends of the county, •with
enough local politicians thrown in to stir
up a lively row.
Concordites have taken advantage of the
situation bv offering a flve-acre site and
a $30,000 cash bonus if the new courthouse
shall be located In their town. While the
petition before the Supervisors mentions
no speciiic location, it is known that the
general fight is between Concord and Mar
tinez. The interests favoring the reten
tion of the seat of government at Mar
tinez are strong and will not submit to a
removal without a struggle.
The contest on the whole is not a new
one. but through the offer from Concord
it has taken much more definite shape
than in the past. •
The Martinez people da not feel any
alarm concerning the controversy, as the
law requires a two-thjrds favorable vote
on a county seat removal. They do not
believe that such a majority can be se
cured. The bulk of population is on the
west side of the county. In which Martinez
is located. a
The petition Is now in the hands of the
District Attorney and the County Asses
sor for an opinion upon the legality of the
proposed election.
Concord Offers a Big Bonus
in Money and Land for
a Site.
FIGHT TO MOVE
CONTRA COSTA
COUNTY SEAT
BERKELEY. June S.— William P.
Drum, captain; Ezro Decoto, manager,
and J. D. Hoffman. Alfred Plaw and A.
M. Walsh, members of the track team of
the University of CaJIfornla. returned to
Berkeley this morning.
Manager Decoto reports a Fuccessful
financial trip and on that brought experi
ence to the team's members which will
serve well for the future.
Captain Drum had this to say: "There
is only one answer to the question why
we were beaten. We met superior ath
letes, aaen whose knowledge of athletics
Is vastly wider than ours and whoso
training system is superior to ours In cer
tain branches. In the runs and sprints
they are considerably ahead of us. In the
field events— the shot put. hammer throw
and broad and high Jumps we are as
much ahead of them. The pole vault is
the one event that we cannot touch them
£• Xhelr m *L hod is v «. v much different
from ours. They handle the pole in such
fL!?^ 1^ that mor * leverage is given the
bod>. They carry the pole higher in run-
E™ g H a tor M t , he .K talce - off - then sl!de both
hands until they meet, when they raise
themselves to the bar, dropping again
both hands to give the best assist ovir
for the high and broad Jumps thev
rely upon phenomenal men. We are as
good as they are. as twenty-one feet will
Pennsylvania. The shot put and hammer
throw were our events. The Kasterners
marveled at Woolsey's ability to put the
ball over forty-one feet. He is so light
that the performance Is very creditable.
In the distance runs is where we fell
down. That. I think, was due to the great
amount of work the Kastern men do and
the star performances of one or two men
Cretan, the distance runner of Princeton
is a wonder and has developed himself by
conscientious work. He is out on the
track regularly twice a day for nine
m °t?me S °l the **?* f ° r a mi ' e Ortwo«
feg&e-race S WOn<ier h<? Can wln lnterco1 "
•'Kranzelien, of course. Is the «tar Der
former in the East to-day. He den?onl
strated in the Mott Hazen games Ms
great athletic strength. B bla
"I think we could have won the field
day from "ia!e at any other time and
certainly should have secured the VS
ern intercollegiate championship. I never
f h . eard of *«"»er incapacity in
officials in my life than at Chicago
California and attempt to give us the
*2 r ?£ °5 feV . C! 7 d^ aL Service was ruled
off the track for fouling when even the
greenest hand could see that he was try
ing to prevent being fouled. Another
man tried to cross in front of him, and
Bm° r o d f| r w t iy^s e h h a I n n d Self Warded
"On the whole, we were rovallv treated
at the different colleges. Yale ami Prince
ton being particularly courteous to us
In our stay at Princeton we got a great
many pointers which will serve us well
next year. Cadogan and Sen-ice ought
particularly to be benefited by the trip. I
look to both these men for great things
next year.
Anthony Cadogan missed the team at
Chicago and will probably come on the
next train. Service. Moser, Broughton
and Woolsey remained In the East to visit
Athletes From the Univer
sity Tell of Experiences
in the East.
FIVE MEMBERS
OF TRACK TEAM
REACH BERKELEY
OAKLAND, June 8.— To-morrow will
be a gala day for the Odd Fellows
of Oakland who will take part in the
outing of the Patriarchs Militant at
Shell Mound Park. The affair 13 under
the direction of Canton Oakland No. 11
of this city, assisted by Rebekah Drill
Corps and Canton No. 5 of San Fran-
The programme includes the following
games, for which many prizes have been
donated:
RACES— For boys under 8 years; for
girls under eight years; for boys under
14 years; for girls under 14 years: for
young men, for young women; for fat
men; for fat women; for Odd Fellows
only: egg and ladle race for women; for
canton members only; for wives of can
ton members; for members of Rebekah
Drill Corps; bicycle race; races for mem
bers of executive committee; for members
of games committee; for captains of can
tons; broad Jump: running jump: tug of
war for wives of canton members: tug
of war between Canton 5 and Canton 11.
The affair Is in charge of the following
committees:
Invitation— Gecrte C. Pape. John McVey. C.
H. Wever.
Aiver-.iatns— S. Samuel. C. A. Chandler. F.
E. Pierce.
Music— O. H. Cole. J. E. Stretgfcttf.
Games— C. H. Cole, George Kirk. S. Samuels,
John Tiseh. George C Pape.
Floor— George C. Pape. manager; assistants—
H. A. Pa.r. J. E. Strcishtif. William Ch.ilir.ers.
F. E. Fierce. N. Otferscn.
The officers of games are — Starter. O. B
TVaddell: Judges— F. E. Pierce. J. E. Stretshtif.
S. UtdMB.
Th» officers »t Canfn Oakland No. U are:
Commandant. C. H. die; lieutenant. George
Kirk: enstgrn. S. Samueis; secretary, John Mc-
Vey; accountant. Thomas Powers.
Three Officers of Canton Oakland No. 11 Drill Corps.
OAKLAXD. June 8. — Interest In the marriage of Earl B. Hough and
Beatrice Singleton of San I>«andro. who were twice wedded within seven
months, has boon increased by the publicity which was given to the un
usuai features connected with the events. Though man and wife for many
<5ays. there was never a suspicion of the relation until the ymmg man
a week ago related the story of his wedding on the decks of the famous flag-
Ship Hartford at Mare Island.
Rather than be separated from his young bride, which seemed probable, as he
was to fri to the Sandwich Islands, the young man confided in his parents. The
mirriiFe aboard ship was by contract before the chaplain of the vessel. This did
not seem entirely satisfactory to either family, so the second ceremony was
duly celebrated at San Rafael.
All obstacles being removed, Mr. and Mrs. Hough will leave for Honolulu on
Jtme 27. with the satisfaction at least of having had the nuptial knot doubly
fastened
GRAND JTJEORS TALK
OAKLAND. June 8.— Alameda County
has been shaken by the Indictment
of County Assessor Dalton for the
destruction of public records as it
has never been shaken before. The in
dictment and the accusation f orchis Im
peachment eclipsed everything else In
point of interest In the county, and con
versation to-day has been only upon the
action of the Grand Jury and its offect.
The actual report of the Grand Jury
was soon lost signt of behind the possible
political effect of the indictment and pros
pective Impeachment. Mr. Dalton openly
charged that it was a political move, and
the specific charges of the two documents
returned by the Grand Jury were com
pletely overshadowed by the political
phase of the matter.
The trial of the case has already begun
in the local papers, which always take
I Fides upon all political matters. The En
quirer, which is the political organ of Mr.
Dalton, bristled with charges of all kinds,
editorially and locally. The action of the
Grand Jury is denounced as a political
move intended to injure Mr. Dalton's can
didacy lor Congress, and everybody from
Judge Greone to the Grand Jury is given
a taste of its t; y.
The Tribune, which is generally pro-
Metcalf, devotes its columns to a lot of
statements and Interviews with parties
interested, while denying the Interest of
Congressman Metcalf In the indictment.
Appeal to Laboring Men.
Mr. Dalton was around early In the day
and with his characteristic energy did
not allow any grass to grow In the neigh
borhood where he happened to be. A
flier was circulated calling a mass meet-
Ing of workingmen in California Hall on
Saturday evening, signed "The Commit
tee." and containing the following state
ment as to the object of the meeting:
The pnrroso of this meeting la to protest
asralnst the arrest of Henry P. Dalton, the
fri«?n.l of every laboring man and woman In
Oakland and elw»w*i«»r«.
• B<^at)P» he is the frtfnd of those who toll:
because of his popularity among wage earners;
becaufe of the probability of a majority of
workingmen voting for him as a candidate for
Conjrrpss. his political enemies are trying to
; destroy his good standing: among laboring
people.
This whole conspiracy will be thoroughly
aired at our. mass meetln? Saturday night. By
ord-r of THE COMMITTEE.
The personal charges made against Su
perior Judge W. E. Greene and the mem
bers of the Grand Jury as political tools
! has forced the accused to make state
ments In their defense, and so to-day be
: came a day of statements. The grand
'¦ Jurors were telling: why they brought the
: indictment and the impeachment proceed
; ings, and Mr. Dalton and his friends were
telling what they thought about those
who brought the actions.
Verbal broadsides were being discharged
by tho opposing batteries all day. But
the battle has only Just begun to rage,
and when It concludes the battlefield will
be strewn with the political dead and
wounded. It Is too early in the battle to
predict the advantage that will result to
either side or who will bo carried to
some political St. Helena.
Ground for the Indictment.
The idea has gone abroad that the in
dictment against Mr. Dalton was brought
for the destruction of the field memo
randa used In making up the assessment
rolls. Though this was discussed by the
Grand Jury, the charge does not rest upon
this. Several members of the Grand Jury
have said to-day that In Justice to them
selves they must explain that the indict
ment was based upon the destruction of a
book In the Aessessor's office that is made
up from these field memorandum books and
not for the destruction of the smaller
books themselves. The accusation for re
moval from office was for failing to enter
upon the assessment roll, which is turned
over to the Board" of Supervisors, the
names of the owners of personal property
who had not paid taxes.
Many Inquisitors Were Friends of
Dalton but Followed the Law*.
Members of the Grand Jury that re
turned an Indictment against Assessor
Da'.ton. together with an accusation de
manding his removal from office, are
confident that when all the facts are con
sidered they will be promptly absolved by
the public of having been animated by
any personal or political animosity
toward Mr. Dalton. In fact, those | who
consent to talk of the matter are men
who have been long warm personal and
political frienls of the accused official.
They discuss the wild accusations made
against them dispassionately, but with
a sense of conviction that thev acted only
as honorable men would act. Following
are the expressions of a few:
T. L. BARKER, foreman— The Indict
ment of Mr. Dalton was based upon the
destruction of a bound book and not upon
the destruction of any memoranda or
notes that may have been used in the
Assessor's office. The testimony was such
that not a man on the Grand Jury could
have done other than return an indict
ment or be guilty of violating his outh.
Bo fa/ as any politics Is concerned I can
only say that I can point to the names
of the grand jurors and leave with the
people of Alameda County the decision
whether these men. many of them per
sonal and political friends of Mr. Dalton,
would allow politics to influence them on
such a matter as this. Is it possible any
man would think I would do politics by
having Mr. Dalton indicted when, if from
that motive, an indictment were present
ed U would tend to give him a nomina
tion if anything could do it? It is not
within reason that I should take such a
step. The statement that I had personal
motives, because of my defeat for Mayor
and Dr. Pardee's opposition to me then, is
nonsense. That deserves absolutely no
consideration at my hands. It is not sup
nosable that I could have influenced these
members of the Grand Jury to act as they
did Each man was moved by the evi
dence and his owrf conscience."
A L.. FISH-Mr. T. L£ Barker. ! the
foreman of our body, said last night that
a gentleman on the Grand Jury had told
him that he regretted and would regret
all his life that he had served on this
Grand Jury and that, though a friend of
Mr Dalton. he was compelled to take the
action he did. I am free to say that I
am the man to whom he referred. I shall
alwavs regret that I served on that Grand
Jury yet I could not have done my duty
as a'grand juror and a citizen and have
done otherwise than I did. I have al
ways voted and worked for Mr. Dalton
and for Mr. Hilborn, so that disposes of
the political side of it. I did my duty
against my wishes. ' ,
It is now only fair that the real cause of
this indictment should be told. Mr. Dal
ton was not Indicted for the destruction
of the field memorandum books. He was
indicted for the destruction of a book
known as the "office book." This hook
Is made up from the field books and con
tains the names of all personal property
owners. When Mr. Dalton was called
upon to produce that book he could not
do so and admitted that It was destroyed.
It then became our duty, to see whether
that was a record of the county and we
decided that it was. Mr. Dalton has not
obeyed the law and he knows it.
There Is one other thing that it is only
Just to say. Judge Greene never advised
us upon any point at any time ' and- all
charges against him are false; We did
call Judge Greene into consultation with
us several times and he always read the
law to us and never gave us advice of any
kind. He told us repeatedly > that • we
were the ones to reach the decisions and
that he would only read us the law
I do not approve of the effort that 1« be
ing made to cloud the real Issue with poli
tics. The last Grand Jury made a recom
mendation that Mr. Dalton be compelled
to keep a complete record of the personal
property-owners and he should have
heeded that.
GEORGE BURBECK-I do not want to
have my character assailed when I have
only done my duty. I have always been
the friond of Mr. Dalton and these
charges of political bias are unfair We
were unanimous upon that point which
shows that charges of doing politics are
not true A cry of "politics" will net
stand against absolute facts and we found
the Indictments upon the facts and the
law.
Mr. Daiton tried to speak to me while
I was serving as a grand juror. I told
him that if he had anything to say
he must say It to the Grand Jury when it
was in session. The charge Is that a
record of Alameda County was destroyed
in order to shield Mr. Dalton from the
penalty. of not collecting personal prop
erty taxes. In our opinion the book de
stroyed was a record of the count}* and
it was not merely the little memorandum
slips, but the "office book," so-called
The charge that Judge Greene instructed
the jury is untrue.
ANDREW J. NOR— I am N a personal
friend of Mr. Dalton. but I could not let
that stand in the way of my duty. There
was absolutely no politics in the move
Some people are criticizing the Grand
Jury and trying to smirch it when they
do not know upon what the Grand Jury
voted. "We know what evidence was be
fore us and we should be given the credit
of ordinary honesty.
SAMUEL HEYWOOD-This charge of
politics is only made to cloud the real
i.~=ue. There was nothing personal In our
action and wo acted as the law directed
These attacks upon Judge Greene are un
warranted. He was consulted Just as
everj- Grand Jury has consulted other
Judges, and he gave us the law and that
was all. These attacks upon the Grand
Jury and Judge Greene are unwarranted
?,%. P - P OAG - U , , ls not a question of
politics, but one of law. Go and read the
law and see if Mr. Dalton did not violate
it. The charges of personal and political
feeling are only made at this time In or
and all those who criticize the action of
the Grand Jury to trw? law. The law is
very plain and speaks for Itself. I am not
a politician and have been a friend of Mr.
Dalton and so cannot be charged with
political bias. I have done my duty and
my honor will not suffer thereby.
SPEAKS FOR VICTOR H. METCALF
George W. Reed Declares Dalton'a
Charge of Political Job
Unwarranted.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton has
charged that Victor H. Metcalf, his op
ponent for Congressional nomination, was
one of those who instigated the indict
ment and Impeachment proceedings. Mr.
Metcalf Is now In Washington and could
not be seen to secure a reply, but George
W. Reed, one of his campaign managers,
made the following statement:
"It is unfair to Congressman Metcalf
to charge him with any interest in this
Indictment. Mr. Metcalf has been in
Washington attending to his duties as a
Congressman, even though he has but
recently suffered a great personal loss in
his family. It is untrue that Mr. Met
calf had anything to Oo with this Indict
ment, or that he knew of it. or that he
had «ny interest in It- I can also say
for Mr. Metcalf s managers and friends
out here that they had nothing to do with
it. Neither Mr. Metcalf nor his campaign
committee nor his friends are making this
kind of a campaign. Such a move for
political purposes would not be counte
nanced for a moment, and the charge that
we had anything to do with It is unjust
"I know that if It had heen In the power
of Mr. Metcalf to ha%*e prevented the in
dictment of Mr. Dalton he would
have done so. This cry of politics is only
made to offset any effect that the indict
ment might have. It is also a very se
rious charge against the members of the
Grand Jury. It Is unfair to Impugn off
hand, the action of such a body of' men
as one purely of politics. That Grand
Jury was drawn by our four Superior
Judges, and it is a representative body
of men, and it is a very serious state
ment to make that four Superior Judges
and nineteen men of good reputation were
in a political scheme. To make such a
charge would Involve not only the Jury
but the Judges.
"It is also very evident that Mr Dalton
had many friends on that Jury. Mr. Met
calf would rather be defeated for Con
gress than to lose the esteem of the voters
of this county, and he certainly wou'd
not stoop to any such move as has been
charged. Neither Mr. Metcalf nor his
friends did anything to bring, about the
indictment or the Investigation. If these
charges continue to be made it can only
be with the intention of Injuring Mr. Met
calf without cause and with falsehood."
MOBE CHABGES OF POLITICS.
Mr. Dalton's Organ Says That the
Grand Jury Was "Bamboozled."
The Enquirer, which Is Mr. Dalton's or
pan. prints the following editorial, which
can be taken as an official utterance for
Mr. Dalton:
Members of the" late Grand Jury have pro
tested that they were not doing poliqcs, and it
is entirely probable that a majority of the
members were innocent of political Intentions,
but the trouble with such members Is that
they were quite too Innocent altogether They
were so Innocent that they did not know when
they were belnjf bamboozled and used by de
signing politicians. Here Id the state of the
case: Assessor Dalton did last year only what
his predecessors did and what he did during
the four previous years. No one proposed the
indictment of his predecessors; no one proposed
to indict Mr. Dalton till he became a candidate
for Congress. When he did that his enemies
vowed to destroy him. They cast about for
means to accomplish their ends and discovered
a lesral technicality— a technicality to which
no attention had been paid before because no
one had had a scheme of political revenee to
carry out. But for political conspirators a straw
will suffice, and In lack of any meritorious
charge asalnet Dalton It was determined to
use this foolish accusation. A majority of the
Jurors were deceived by being made to believe
It was Important and were led Into a pitfall
from which, doubtless, they, do now, or soon
will wish they had kept clear. It was not
the desire of a majority of the Jurors to be
used to pull politicians chestnuts from the
fire, but that does not alter the fact that they
were so used.
The ex-Mayor Stands by His Friend
PARDEE ON DAXTON.
and Charges Politics.
Dr. George C. Pardee. the personal
friend of Mr. Dalton. to-day made a state
ment upon the indictment. This state
ment is so direct that it sets at rest the
silly story that he and Mr. Dalton had
quarreled over politics. It reads:
The indictment of Henry Dalton by the Grand
Jury should andVill meet with the disapproval
of all honest and .Independent men. That the
Grand Jury has tjieen used In an attempt to kill
Dalton off ag a candidate for Congress Is beyond
question. But I do not. believe, that the people
PATRIARCHS MILITANT TO
CELEBRATE AT SHELL MOUND
Cry of "Politics" Met With Declarations of
Friendly Grand Jurors That Proof
of Guilt Is Positive.
Indictment and Accusation of As
sessor Henry P. Dalton
ALAMEDA COUNTY
GREATLY EXCITED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JbVsE 9, 1900.
THIS WEDDING KNOT
WAS DOUBLY TIED
11
The Lovers Who Were Wedded Aboard the Hartford
POSTTJM CESEAI*
UNNATURAL FLESH
Seduced by Leaving Oft Coffee and
Using Postum Food Coffee.
"I have used coflce many years; in
fact, ever since I was a child, until a
few months ago I became satisfied that
it hurt me — caused the miserable
drow'y feeling and the bloated condi-
tion of my body. I was very fleshy all
the time, unnaturally rieshy.
"Since I left off drinking coffee and
use Postum Food Coffee, the effect has
been wonderful. I feel Hke a different
person. The bloating has all gone. I
am very much thinner and more natural
in shape, have a better appetite and do
not feel sleepy a^nd drowsy as before. I
shall never use any more regular coffee.
"When I first tried Postum I was not
satisfied with it, but decided that the
fault must be my own. for so many peo-
ple used Postum and liked it that I
knew there was some trouble in my
preparation of it. so I examined the di-
rections carefully and found that I
should boil it long enough to brins
out the flavor and the food value. When
I prepared it right it was elegant an d I ;
am more than pleased with the delicious j
beverage I have for breakfast every ;
morning." Mrs. E. M. Pope. 1158
23d St., Detroit, Mich
I! THE MOST THRILLING
=1 WAR PICTURE =:
§ PUBLISHED. I ~ .
I I Doctor
r My . I THE STORY | Shrady.
txpen- I OF SAN FRANCISCO'S HlS
p fifP c i NOW MOST r . f
eilCeS I FAMOUS PAINTER. Expen-
as 1 \ ences |
Orderly I around the paris I as \
t o I exposition. | Dli .. I
10 . I By I Physician
I I i\rti I GENEVTEVE GREEN. | .
I Loru a to
I Roberts. 1 ~i Grant
I I THE SUMMER GIRL-AND I uran M I
I AL?Ln 1 HER I Garfield |
I ™£> D I l nJother
tj Of Alamcda, CaL B M Jj
I 1 fiction, fashions, I Notables.i
I 1 BOOKS I
3 8 And Stories o! Thrilltog Interest. 9
I ...THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL...THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 0, .1000.
12
SAX FltAXCISCO CALL. j
DCSnCEES OFFICE cf The San Francisco
TaH. comer DC Market snfl Tlslrd streets, open
vr.Ul 3" o'clock every r.ipht in the year.
PXUUCCB -)FFIcnS— 527 Mont^o— ery -treet,
rrrnrr Clay; cpen until S:3S p. m.
SQO Hayr? rtrect; cpen until 5:30 p. m.
r?9 McAllister Ftreet; cpen ur.t!l ft:39 p. m.
ClZ I_irk!n street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
::<! Mission ttreet; open ur.tll 10 p. m.
_.C1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
ti! S r- rn.
:0C Eleventh open until 9 p. ~o.
J.rs« Va>ncia «rtrwt: rr»en until 9 p. m.
?Ccrt^.we«t comer Twenty-second and K»n-
tulcy rtrrets: or-en until 9 p. m.
MKBf-XG NOTICES.
i^DELTTT~LoCFe nT>. 120. F. and A. fi
M — Fur.rral notice: Officers and rr.em-^^
Irf-rs ere re.ju?Fte4 to assemble at Ma- }Kj\
tonic Trmj'.e at I a. m. SUNDAY, for /V^
the MtrpOM at conducting "*S1SSn?_»_S-
m nnies al our late tir.'tlier. .SIMON h<Jl>J-
MON thence to late resi<ifn<-« or deceased.
_II o'FarroJl M.. an<l to Home or 1 cure
Cemetery Mr li£» train from Thlr<l and Town-
this <*-\\ti:rday> evening,
nm *""*' A - K - * IXG5F0Rn - p - *•
OFFICERS and paemlxr- of the
Pervi.-<n-Monteno»rr1n L. and li. vQLi*
Society-*- You are hereby re- t~, r';'^."!
<i'j-^*.<-i t.. meet cn SUNDAY F f %^'J^Ti
HORNING. June 10. In your h^TVrtrVt
l.all. 10 Oili.'emia Ft., at 8:3? >-?j£Sj!?S
o'clock Fharv. to march topethrr CN'.-EjS.V/
to th» tfjry to uur prand annual V/f i,..a/
p.r.d twentieth anniversary P'c- *^c_i'
nic. to lie held at Bucna Vista
J ark, Sausallto. Py onler of
M. K. TAPOVAZ. President.
frmo VUCOSAVLIF.VICH, Secret.-i.ry.
ASTROLOGY.
vliOFT^A^JASICUY cf Egypt, rreatest astrol-
ngist and palmist In the world; eatisfactica
ruBT-antet-g. IJ ro— ell Ft.
ATTORXKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; tflvcrce law a Fpecialty; private; j
r.o fee without rucceex: collections. G. W.
liOV._. any. at law. SZQ Market. cor. Stockton, j
y W KING. P27 Market . et.. room CIT; all ¦
"rs*e:-; bo a<5vrnce char^ce; call cr write.
ADVICE Ireo: r.o charge unles? successful. W.
>V. PAVtPSOy. _O Market Ft., opp. Mason. ¦
jl <i CLAKK. F.— .ma s^preckels bKip-.. iZ! Mar- 1
Vet Ft.: consultation tree: no fees in advance.
UCLGIAJV IIAUi-S.
r ALTF^nl^lA'nKLGIAN HARE A.SSOCIATICN
Capital etock 113.000.
Ary Ernie cr strain of animal you want.
Frorr. *.'. to |SO0L
If ret as represented your money refunded.
We have a fine lot of l'>ei_lan Hare Capon?,
from $1 10 to IC <-_ch. all :n prirr.e condition
for tie table.
GEOKGE A. TOUXG. Manaeer.
Alameda, Cal.
ENTIRE ral bitry for sale; account of 111 !
health; h:!-h pedigreed does; Yukon. Lord j
I'.rttain. Lord Kitchener. Sir Styl-s and Ru- j
fus FtraJnf: all -!th litters; portable hutches; ,
v.'lre breedine-boxes. etc.: everything poe«; j
make an offer. Los Ancelrs Rabbltry. 13C1 ]
Broadway, cor. Seventeenth St., Oakland.
CLAREMONT Keleian Hare Association— Does I
tred tr FaFhoda I'rince and Royal Rochdale.
flO to tU): best strain youngsters. $2 to $15.
4flC Telejrrsrh av*'.. Oakland. I
FOR ralf— -Very fine flock of high-eeore, pej;- 1
rre«d noljrian hare?, all peered by Mrs. Bush.
IOC!'"--* t?utt*r ft., gan Francisco.
TREMONT ntlglan Hare Co.. 2134 Fill— ore et..
Fan Francisco. Cal.— P*nd Gc In etauip* for
bock cr. care and feedlni^
HAIiE F:m!tarium— Treatment of sick hare«;
Positive snuffle cure. PR. JACOB?. 1C1S Turk.
COLIJEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. COS Clold- j
f-T. Gate ave., S. F.: 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
niCYCLKS— For Sole or E-chaneje.
KOW Is thi*? Alien «•!!» good new bicycles for
};0. £01 Larkin Ft., corner McAllister.
CLEVELAXD wheel; good condition; cheap.
?> Mmlm ave.
;.¦;. BOARDING FOR CHILDREN".
NICE home, private family, for 1 or 2 children
from fc to 12 year?; mother's care; no ether j
children. ISO i":K?inn et.
UOOK.S KBW AXD OLD.
BCHOOL IWOKS bought and exchanged.
HniKi-t- n<->ok Co.. ?M Mission st.. near Third.
DCSIKESS CHAXCES.
A— JGOO; FliENCH restaurant In choicest loca- |
lion of Latin quarter; rent JZJ; a sj/.endid j
liaylnc business; must be sold at once, as j
ninorf are going to leave for Parts. Call H. 1
<J. WILKE. 26*- Kearny Et. |
A— r^_JO: TKANSFEU corner on Mission St., in- '
eluding luildinp; ground rent, $20; lease of 4 !
years; flr^t-class; leaving for Europe; net all j
cash r-TfT. K. G. WILKE. _5^ Kearny. j
A— iioO; OOBXEB ci_ar etore with card room. I
ci^Ee to corner Market and Powell t ts. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKK. _CV_ Kearny ft.
A— J200; ISAZAll and stationery; choicest loca-
tion on Valencia ft.; rer.t OS; 2 living rooms:
_Tt_t t>ari.a!n; owner ir.UFt f=e!l <juicn; Nome
fever. Call li. G. WILKE. ZG'i K»-arny St.
A— J2SW»; VKHY best location; Faloon close to
l'"w«;i end Market hf.; bu^inees lirst class; 1
only jiatroiiized !•>• best people; a rare chance. |
Call H. CS. WILivE. tS% Kearny Et. j
A— fl<*3: CANUY route; est-U. 20 years; all I
cash trade. cl-ariTijr al>out SIS') per nionth.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C 1 . Kearny et. j
A— iliC: COHNER crocery and bar. with 4 liv-
!nc roomf; south of Market et. ; a cood pay-
ing bu(-ines<« and rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny ft.
A— ~--<0; COKNEK faloon; rent $1S; choicest lo-
cation Fouth of Market St.; place doing a good
j.-ayinp t.UFinesF. r,ut parties can't agree. Call
H. G. WILKE. If 1 * Kearny St.
A— 83C0; COHNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Gt-ary Ft.; low rent
_n<l pood pHying business; a rare chance.
Cn!T EX. G. WILKE. :C- Kcara: 1 £t.
A— A. BTENBERa CO.. WZ Market st.
Lift your Stores,
City and Country Real Estate.
or any kind of business with us.
W'f can f«-1! for <-2*h
Jiave buyers waiting
$l"^i — iJranch bakery; l«r_a!n.
54"-*' — Cipar stcre; Kearny fit.
fSO— Delicacy store; Western Addition.
A. ETENBEBQ CO., :<X Marls* t Et. Phone
Fo'.soui r;43.
to-Wt: RESTAURANT elope to Go-.eir.~ent
wharf; r<«":ms upstairs; ownrr 7 years there;
recd]ita average S2.i: meals 2Sc: fine place for
man and wife. BTESCBEKO CO.. UZ'J Market.
J2130— RESTAURANT and cafe; prosjierous
town nt-ar the city; bargain; part cash if <lo-
plred; ntlier business cause of pale. Mc-
LAl GULIN _ CO.. T77»4 Market et.
$~0— m.'TCHER market: ertabll«hed 25 years;
rood location. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774
Market rt.
$550— RESTAURANT: north cf Market rt.; bar-
gain; coinR to Cape Nome «-Jii!ue of fai".
Mclaughlin & <>>.. 77">4 Market Bt.
t_50— BUTTER, egg and provision route; ho— .e,
bargain. Mclaughlin & Co.. 777V4 Mkt.
ATTENTION. REFTAURANT MEN!
\Vell-c*tabllKh«"il rt.«taur«nt in the be<=t bu?!-
ih*s fctiivn c-1 San Krancli-vi. with & (UrcUins
n*ms; rent 12" monthly, water included; larce
daily receipt*; this :s a gold mine; a place
I(kf- it iHCoa finds It* way on tn" market an 1
r.hiuld Xtf fpcii to be appreciated; will stand
r;gid investigation; imrties gning to <"ap«
Nome t!ie only cause of nal*; almost c'.vin^ It
away. M. A. IJROOKF. 1; Golden, Gate ave
tVS>Q — STATIONERY, frhool irupplljte. cigars/
candy; large t-ttK-k; i>rtne:[Kil Ftreet :'f?tab for
yt-o.ru; livirg rooms. LANE & < '<.>., f-CJ Markft.
V-2Z— NOTIONS, jscliool supplie-. ran«ly. bread
and rr.'.lk: comfortable living rooms: cheap
j>;r,t: !rf-Ft part of city. LANE _ CO.. t63
A^n.'>: imSTAURAXT~!n cmjr.t^Tbert town
on tlie «-r.:;«: fxtor health ; cleared V-C0O In 2
>«!!«. KREDO & DUTTON. 5« G»>nry st.
S7vi) — H'.'MK __k«"ry ar.d restaurant; fu!te<l for
a r.rartical baker with family; »tab!ished
Lastne-i. ¦ KttEDO & PUTTOX. 2G Geary st.
;X)K pa!o cr oxfhanjre— A !n»Flne«F clearing $300
to $jW) a tnorith. <X)WIN(« & CO.. 719 Market.
CORNER »jn>oer>' and bar; fine iocatioir: cause
rickrjefi?; linrpain. 'VwInR & Co.. 71* Jlartet.
|S&^CXOAB f=tcre with laundry offic* and club-
ro^m: »ro?>d trade: <-ntai> tit COO. Paciflc liuzl-
i>^f«s C -charge. 101C Slwrket et.
51S00-KOR PALE— A finely loeutej restauTant;
will c'far VZ'fi i>er montl); owa^r has I p'»*n.
Inquire at JO'SS Howard vt.
TOR sale r,r rent, in fine I-K-ation— I'!;u-ksm!:h
rli<>;i. t-ola dweU*a« and family orrhnrd: busi-
n*-**- j;ays well; object, rrtlringr. Boot 31S7. Call.
CIGAR eland. Eoutbeut corner of Third _nj
TouTiscnd tH%.. 01 p. Southern Pacific.
Al GRCM'ERV and bar; no acenta. r>oK~3"iH".
'."all office
JIT:.— RESTAl'RANT; wcrlh $100; rr.utt be sold!
_Inquire Cal! office.
J'Oll fa!— ¦ The Centra*. Hotel !n Nepa. con-
¦¦¦¦i'.r.'.'. k- Z'l Ti«->mt>; ccr:tml location; price rea-
fccnabip. Addr^F?'R. CUFF, Napau Cal.
A— t_K: l'ARUI^R Fhop; murt be sold at once;
owner poIr.K to Tarts. 219'.4 Ellis Ft.
EHOE fhop: p^.j prices: cood w_r_; email
fct.''_k Lh.< r. ZZ2 liufh et.
BUSIXCSS CIIAXCEJ! — CONTINUED.
KERNfOOUNT- oil lands— A chance to get an
interest in ll.OdO acres <>f choice oil lands; buy
now end get i:i oa the sround floor; these
luncif are located in the great oil districts of
J.U-KITTKICK. SUNSET AND KERN -RIVER.
Kern County, and belong to the OCCIDENTAL
OIL COMPANY. Incorporated under the laws
of West Virginia: stock absolutely non-assess-
able; investigation eolleited.
L). II. .MilSTEU-KR, AgenU
Room 204, I'arrott building. S. T*.
WANTED— Live man nnd woman agent In
even' eonntjr: startling book; nove'.ty; fjcod
teller: exclusive territory: larg* commission
to mpon _b le persons. Call or tend addressed
str.mped envelope to Agent, r. IS. -417 Bush.
FOR sale chr-np— Price ITS; must be sold by Sat-
urday; fim-oUiss fruit Etore In fine location:
outsldV customer*; Ftock and lixtures (to;
1 .arty erelnt: to Kurcpe: 2 living rooms; stable
2 horses: ront $15. 1217 Scott ft.
S2&00— LAHGES-T family rescrt; ."0 ml>s fr^iu
8. F. ; vaudeville fhow every .Saturday and
fcBr.dny; lno'.»__i«iK nous? and «ardrn on leased
ground. I fine .barrooms, bowling alley and
hotel; latest improvements. Particulars call
at Fell ami Franklin s«;s. : grocery.
$2'00— An agrepable man as partner wanted in
an old established wholesale and retail wine
and I'quor *tore; shouM be acquainted In the
busliuss: must have pood references; German
preferred. Box 3i:«3. C«M office.
TO rent— For co_l yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; i'!ace is entirely covered and con-
tains : Ftalls: rent only 115: water free. In-
quire WM HEN1HUCKSON & CO.. €14 Call
b-jl!Jir.^ ;
FOR sale cheap — Complete outfit for grocery
ar.d barroom: store to let: rent cheap; lease;
be*; corner in Mlfflon. Northeast corner of
Valley and Dolores tts^
PARTNER not over 3i> years old In manufac-
turing business: new cn the coast; ?X0 re-
quired. Box 3193. Call office.
BEST Epec. on Kearny: old established: pood '
etock: oaji'y run: half profits; expenses low;
only ; in city. <U Kearny st. j
SALOOX doing poorl business; wholesale dls-
trirt; excellent opportunity. Apply at 501
Market et., corner First.
LIQT'OR «tore doing Rood bar and family tra^Je;
In good locality; great cha. nee. £01 Market St.
NITRSERY to lease; stock, greenhouse, dwell-
ing on place; long terms; low rent; Income
flrft day. 153 Fortieth tt.. Oakland.
FOK tale chear- — Saloon and family'resort. 712
tireenwicli street, between Powell and Mason.
|4r.G— CORNER — -oc*"ry snd tar; * living rooms;
Hocount ft sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
BAKER- tn let: fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire <:¦: Elsnth gt.. upstairs.
FRUIT and candy store; very reasonable; situ-
ated near four theaters. Box 17.'4. Call.
COFFEE nnd tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. C.APWKLL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
I.OI>GING-nOtSKS FOR. SALE.
HOTEL ar.d bar: ZZ rooms SUM
HI Terms cn Market ft.; on'y *D00
25 rooms cn Bush Ft.; rent $55 JS.,0
12 rooms on McAllister st M09
10 rooms-: line corner; clears $130 Slix'-O
16-room house on Turk st JJ50
It rooms cn Jones St.; clears $ c -5 J.l>0
10 roo*~.s on Mason St.: payments $iC0
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY BOUSE.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market ct.. opp. Fifth.
A— 31 ROOMS, clears $125. bargain <30O
26 rooms, very fir.?, profitable $2100
I! 1 ) r., clears $130. nice, boarders, bon ten. JlOOt)
14 r., hiphly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $."i"5
75 r.. iiO::", cVar3 ?2<X). 67 r.. $4500, clears *25<J
12 r., t-WO: rent SSO: clean: clears $34 faonthly.
141 other houses; money to loan.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rm. 1. nr. Call biff.
„ ROOMS, fine furniture $1300
10 rooms, EKls st 35 1 ) |
* rooms and saloon 1400
fO-room hotel, must sell WO
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS. r.6:>. 316 Market.
CORNER house; 14 rooms; finely furnished: all
rented; leai=e; rent (35. 219 Grant ave.; call
0 to 1 or after - p. m.
jisnn — (4 ROOMS: al! rented; pood location: near
Market: central: rent low. BASIL!?. 3 KrHy.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
FOR BALE — Covered waeon, suitable for con-
fectionery or laundry use. Arply at the J.
NOON AX FURNITURE CO.. 1021 Mission St., .
above Flxth. !
AN A No. 1 exrre?? wagon, single, for gale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
ALL kinds of waEons, bu*jKle». cart?, harneit,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
NEW _• 2J-hand wagons, buggies, carts Sc h*T~
B>rt, work & rtrhirc horse*. 1Mb & Valencia.
SPIHITTALISM.
MRS. WKST— Trar.ce. test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St., rooms 15-16.
WTXXJE. the Los Ar.Reles photo medium. 3^0
Ellis Et., in a. m. to 5 p. m.? Sundays Included.
KARLK. ZW Ellis Ft.; »?ances Sun. and Wed.;
readings daily; will leave the city June 15.
GO to Watson, the occult palmist: lucky and
true: 25c. 15S1 Market s=t.. near Twelfth.
MHS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, liusineisi
medium, life reader: fitting. «1. 1104 Market.
CJ-VIRVOYAXTS.
A MIA Sn! C~LAR~K~ Z
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
tt. may be consulted cn all affairs of life;
the will thaw you how to overcome your er.e-
miftE: remove family troubles: restore Jost'af-
- fectiens: unite the • separated; eatis'action
puarar.teed by m»il; send stamp for circular
¦with FpecUl terrnV. MRS. DR. CLARK. 200
Turk et.. rear Jttnes.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
iuture; never fails: has the preatest Egyptian
i-ecret; fhovrs picture future husband cr wife;
l>e 25c ar.d up; satisfaction to everybody; open
t^urcsys. llt.7 Market Et.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader; liorn with double veil & second s!i;ht:
diagnose* diseases with life readings: L.. 60c;
G.. $1; palm & clairvoyant fit.. ?1 50. 1_G Turk.
MME. ZEREDA of*5 Seventh Ft., original gypsy
life reader; readines. 23c; no sign. > .
CARD reader ar.d naimist removed from 953
Mission ft. to 126 Sixth, room R.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: best ndvlce. 823
I.IiF5ion st.. rear 4th. rm. 3; 23c up; ring bell.
MISS MCLVILLE. Kreat clairvoyant and water
reader: German Fpoken. 321"A Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. AUK_5t. clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth nr no pay; 2T>c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
11ME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, cafd reader;
¦Jttt&rs dally . 212'i Sixth Et. . -
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advlcr-; names civen: 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME. BTIJILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
imniVn picture: ?>: Indies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
CAPE NO33I:.
PARTY owning claim on Glacier Creek (Cape
Nome), wishes to give Rood lay to some re-
liable party; KQOO taken out in CO days; sick-
ness prevents party returning this summer;
buslnesa has to be closed by Snturday. For
further information npply to W. L. KEN-
y~DV. 7.y Harrison Ft.
' COI.LECTIOX OFFICES.
CEOP.GK W. KELLY'S Acenrv- No charge un-
less rurressful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
CARPET HEATING AXD CXEAXIXG.
WHEN yen become d!stju«ted with poor work
ser.d to SPAULIUXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lr,K Work*. 3. r .3-307 Teharna st.; tcL S. 41.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning ami Dyeing Co.,
_(2-r:44. McAllister ft.; phone South 146.
J. i:. MITCHELL Carpet Beating nnd Reno-'
rating Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Stcnm Carpet Rtatlng Works. G. II.
SS-40 8th St.; tel. ficuth 2C0.
J. McCJUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4^3 Stevenson et.. tel. South KS; lowest rates.
CARPETS rleanM nt 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STHATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : _L Jest e <M».
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co . 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main CS4. GEO. WALCO-t. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Reatlns Works. 233 Goliien
flat* av*. : telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms. M Uyinjrton St.. between
Webster nnd Fillmore. Ellis and O'Farrell.
OOTIAGE, 5 rooms. S15. Droad place, off lini-h
t-t.. bet. Hyde and I-irkin.
dentists:
AT the KLECTKO-DENTAL CLINIC. *(* MaT^
l:et ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you <*an
have your extractions fimo painlessly; teeth
without plates cur Fpertalty; pnld crown*.
j: M> Mp; plates, extractions free. (4 Z0 up; of-
lice hour? S n. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays a to 2
SS tW I—tO. W. WILLIAMSON. M. !>.. Manager.
DIL Ll'Hl.UM HILL. 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
—No chari;i» for extracting when plates are
irafle: old plates made over like new; teeth
fiom IS per pet; extracting. Me: cn given.
' GET our prices for rainless dent l«-try before
Rolnc elsewhere. New York Dental l'_rlor,
Sisih and Mission tts.
DR. GF.ORG E W. LEEK. M O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June 33 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
tfavs. 1(01 Market Bt., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 21a Kearny. cor. Hush—
Full rti of teeth. H: crowns. $3; fillings. £>c.
SET of t»eth without plate. DIl. 11. G. YOUNO,
1S41 Polk rt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth. Eilky coat: for sale by all druggists
or nt the hospital. S10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Poet, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAIvKUS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve, class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. f-30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
Echool; any pattern cut to measure. ;
S. F. Dja-ssmnking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmakinp. 3*7 Geary Bt.; ilresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCOKDIOX pleatlntr factory, all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Cnnnor&Moffatt.
HDD CATIOXAL.
THE Pacific Coast Reerular College of Medi-
cine, Sn.n Francisco. Howard street, between
Foi:rth and Fifth streets (Incorporated under
the laws of California), will open its regular
course June 15. Ail lectures will be delivered
In the evening.
Dally clinics, free for the poor, will be held
In the college building, from 9 a. m. to 8:30
! For particulars address THE DEAN OF
I THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the bulMlng,
MS Howard st.
HF.ALD'S Business College. 24 Post rt.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new £0-page catalogue free. '
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NKSS COLLKOE. 123C Market at. Sj
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ft.; life scholarship. $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
WANTED — Boy to do offlce work at Ayres"
Business College, In exchange for tuition.
CALIFORNIA Business College, S05 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEKRINCi. civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: eat. 1864.
VAN* PER NA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
best system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
l>e?ins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PAXCOAST. Secretary, 510 Golden Gate.
OALLAGHER-TARB United School of Experts;
thorthnr«l: bookkeeping. Parrott big.: cat'log.
PROF MEP.KI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin nnd rultar. 100S r Mlsslon. above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; nil branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and »;entlemen. O. Slnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; dny or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 parres. jsent to any address in the
United States «r Cannon one .year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment, con-
tractor: establ. ever 10 years; all kind, iielp.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Buph 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese he!p. <26 Powell, nr. Sutter: tM.Blackr.C72.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
beyt help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06',4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Beet help. 411M, O'Farrell st.; tcl. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRFT-CLAi=S French eecond girl and nurse,
with best of references, wishes situation. See
J. F. CROcETT, 31S Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, by neat, worthy, eld-
erly woman; the care of children and entire
work of small family; no postals; wages $12.
Call 250 Tehama st.
POSITION as nurse to take enre of children and
dD .eneral housework. Address MRS. PAR-
RISH. 1 Fifth St.. room 20.
MIDDLE-AGED lfuly going East will care for
childrf-n or invalid tor transportation. Box
43.1S, Call office.
POSITION wanted by competent second plrl
and waitress in private family. Apply 126
Lily ave.. near Gough Et.
A GIRL of 14 wishes to s-o with a family to
the country to mind children during vaca-
tion. Address box 3U'S, Call office.
WOMAN wiring a position to work by the
day. 71C Mission st.
WANTED— Position ns housekeeper or sewing
j and mending at home. Call llf. Sixth st. ,
RHFIXED German girl desires position for
upstairs work and sewing. 1301 Buchanan St.
WORKING housekeeper or seamstress iwlshea
position: country or city. 120 Sixth »(.
WINCHESTER Hou-e. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and l>aggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FubRcrlrtl r 'ns has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
rr.arf about place; sober; not afraid of work;
many yeans with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS. S69 Mission st.
STEADY employment In the city wanted by a
voung married Swede; can show good refer-
enre If required. Box 31SS. Call.
LIVE man for manager!.- 1 df hotels or restau-
rants; city or country' hotels; good, all-around.
Fober man. Box 31S3. Call.
POSITION by a first-class mechanic, with 15
years' experience as machine shop foreman,
superintendent and erecting heavy and light
machinery; expert at handling men; fair
draughtsman: gocd business ability; strictly
tempera to and reliabio; good references. Ad-
drrss box 3197, Call offlce.
A COMPETENT coachman. 6 years in one
place, 2 years In private family, thoroughly
experienced In every branch. Including gar-
dening, wishes permanent place in country.
Address box 43S9. Call office.
A BARBER student wants situation to do
chorew morning and evening about hotel or
private house for board; handy man. Ad-
dress box 31S2. Call office.
WANTED— Good position by experienced man;
either bookkeeper or sialesman; good refer-
ences. Address box 17C6, Call office.
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming in all Its branches. Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN. Call olllce, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by man q(s gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400,, Call.
COACHMAN and general man by steady, re-
liable Enslishmnn: best of references. Ad-
dret:s 11C4 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
A NO. 1 teamster would like to cet 8 or 6-
horse team to drive; mountains preferred.
Box 4365. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C06
Valencia tt. -• .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Ca'.'.. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Tnlted States or Canada one year for 81.
, EXCHANGE.
FIP.ST-CLASS non-assessable paid up oil stock
for fine looking gentle driving horse or horse
and pharton. Room 611, Examiner bldg.
WILL exchange cottage of 6 rooms and bnth
m-iir train. Oakland. 1 for property In Enn Fran-
ciscn. Call 3210 Twentieth st. . ' .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert uptlclan.
1U71V4 Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 610 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
BOND redemDtion. — To whom It may concern:
In accordance with law notice is hereby given
by the Slate of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory cf. Utah, that on July 2. 1900, it will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the ofilce of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utnh, pay In full
principal ,and Interest accrued to that date.
on the following described bonds: The entire
Iffuo of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bond* of the Territory of Ulan. Said bonds
are dated July first, ISJO. and payable twenty
years Trom date or any time after tlx» explra-
tlon of ten yeara from their date at. the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both inclu-
sive. The amount of money in the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal It three
hundred thousand dollars nnd sufP.cient to
pay the accrued Interest to July second, 1300,
and any and all of said bonds not so pre-
s»nted for payment on the second day of July.
li!(-0, will cease to draw interest from and
nfter that date, -and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
whenever presented.
All persons interested : in eald bonds will
take dus notice - hersof and govern them-
selves accordingly.
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah.
Dated June first, 1DC0.
FLATS TO LET.
A-S-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
ALL bright flats 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 104!
and 1044 Sacramento st.. below Mason. >
A NEW upper flat of five rooms and bath.
133 Olh'e ave.. nr. Van Ness.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard: lso flat 6
rooms, near Mail dock. Key 623 A Second Bt.
FINE sunny flat, 3 large rooms; bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
FIVE rooms and bath; yard; upper flat, sunny
corner; rent $11. 114 San Jose ave.
4 ROOMS and bath. $14; 5 large rooms, bath
and laundry: large yards. $22 50; clean and
. fresh; overlooking private park: very pleas-
Jant location. DEMPSTER. 3-VGlen Park av.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let -
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms, recently painted and
papered: on the north side of McAllister St.;
No. 1902; rent $1«.
NEAT flat to let— E. side Dolores, bet. Twenty-
. third and Twenty-fourth sts.; second floor; I
\ rooms and bath; fine view; cars handy. Ap-
x ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. C30 Market st.
NEW modern ~sur.ny~^!ats ; bath. yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931. 1935 O' Fa Tell.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms: ranee; bath; water;
rent $!>. Jersey and Sanchez ats.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath. 1713 Leavenworth St.
J5-UPPER flat. 256 Harriet Bt.; $7, lower flat,
244% Harriet st., near Sixth and Harrison.
$12— COTTAGE oc G rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat. bath. $18. Apply 2324 California st.
114—5 ROOMS and bath. 1718 Leavenworth st.
FLATS TO .\.ET FURXISHiSD.
GnBAT~BAROAIN!
Furnishings of brand-new 6-room flat for sale;
Hyde and Sutter sts.; Brussels carpets, brass
beds, mahogany and blrdseye maple furniture;
rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE. 1039
Market st. • _______________-———.
FURMTL'RE FOK. SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S M. with No.
7 ryge. King ~»rnltur» Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KL'KMTUK- WA.NTKD.
ALFRED WOLLPERtT^'3 Mission ft., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
AV. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. ued 33;>*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per vear.
HELP WANTED-FKJIAIiE.
WANT^ED^Coolc and dlshwaeher. small resort.
$12 and $6 per week; cook, private family,
country, ?30; cook, restaurant, short distance,
$23: cook and second girl, same houso. acroja 1
the bay. $25 and $20; cook, small re&ort. short
distance. $30; 2 ironers. laundry, city, J30 and j
board; Protestant second girl, short distance,
$25; infant's nurse. $25; 1 waitress. 1 chamber-
maid, same summer boardinc house. $-0 each;
3 chambermaids and waitresses, private board-
ing huuse. $20; Protestant girl, general house-
work. San Luis Obispo County, $25;, i cooks,
assist housework, short distance. $30; French
nurse and second girl. $20; laundress, country
resort, $23; pastry cook, institution, $33; pastry
cook, restaurant, $40; chambermaid, assist
waiting, country resort, $20; a large number of
girls fm- general housework, city and country,
at $20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT.
S1G Sutter Et.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitrcpses resorts, near city, to go to-day.
$20; chambermaid to wait, for springs, fare
paid. $20: chambermaid to wait. Pacific Grove,
free fare, $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, city, $20; chambermaid,
country hotel, $20; cook, summer resort, $40.
see party h(?re; 2 fancy Ironers, summer re-
sorts, $25 and $30: 2 girls to run mangle, plain
work, no experience necessary
.V.... FAMILY ORDERS
German ctrl, Palo Alto, see party here this
a m.; cook Santa Clara. $25. plain cooking;
working housekeeper, city, $20; coo* for harv-
est crew and family, $25; houseeirl, Modesto,
$25, see party here; cook, Vallejo, $25; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
GIRL. Oakland, 4 in family, no wash. $23; 3
cooks, city. $20; German cook. $30; second Klrl,
$15: cook, hotel, $50; dishwasher. $25; house-
Kirl. $20: number of girls, city or country.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
FIRST-CLASS cook and second girl, same
house; 2 in family: Americans: short dis-
tance. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st.
WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
' PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and EiEhth sts.. oft Kolsom.
WANTED— Girl; good plain cook; small wash-
ing: Scandinavian preferred; wages $25; refer-
ences reuuired. Apply Sunday or Monday from
10 a. m. to 8 p. m., 1403 Jackson St., cor. Nine-
teenth, Oakland.
WANTED— First-class all-around general laun-
dry ironer (woman preferred) at Stanford
French Laundry, Palo Alto; good wages and
home. »
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear In our fac-
tory; also work given home. Apply Monday
at BAUER BROS. &. CO., 21 Sanscme st.
SALESLADY with experience in fancy goods;
state experience and where last employed.
Address box 21S3, Call.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
plain cooklnc. 1620 Geary St.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
FUirt.i. I2o Valencia st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to assist In general
housework. Apply at 20 Devlsadero st.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework; no
cooking or wn§>rtrig; $10; ref. 2205 Fulton et.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1613 Benton Et., Alameda, near Bay station.
WANTED— Youns girl for light housework.
E-OSV-i Hyde *U
WANTED— Little girl not over 12 to mind
baby. Apply 1214 Larkin St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Waitress and lady to wash dishes;
call early 34SV4 Third st. • - —
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages, paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEV! STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32Vi Fremont.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove ets. |
GIRL to do general housework and assist in
bakery. 29.',2 Mission St.. near Twenty-sixth.
GIRL to assist In light housework In small
family. Call 3434 Twenty-second st. Thursday -
WANTED— Woman with a child; working
housekpr* in country. Box 51, Redwood City.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
Sit Haight st. ,
WANTED— Experienced neckwear makers and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON. 518 Market.
WANTED— A good ironer at 732 Golden Gate
avenue.
TAILORESS. good pants finisher; best wages
paid. t% Kearny.' St.. room 16. top floor.
YOUNG girl to look after 3-year-old baby;
wages, $6. 117A Bartlett st.
WANTED— Dressmaker. JOE ROSENBERG,
11 O'Farrell s t.
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 124 West Fourth
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Women nnd girls to work on fruit.
Folsoin st.. bet. 13th and Hth sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis St. '
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. &*i Antonio St..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off Jones.
CLASSIFIED advertisements nnd subscriptions
: received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
11 ELI* WAXTKD-MAI.E.
WANTED ... ...I .".'.''./..'..... ...... ............ .".V.\.
For Large -Vineyard,
Blacksmith and helper, $40 and $30 and
board.
For Stock Ranch,
Stableman, $30; blacksmith's helper, $30.
For Brickyard,
10 laborers, $30 and board; rough carpenter,
$30 and bdard.
Blacksmith, country shop, $50 and found:
baker's helper, country. $30 and found; dairy-
man, light place, $23; 5 stonecutters and set-
ters for- Honolulu. $3 50 a day and fare; 100
Jobs for -- farms, . haying. ' orchards, milking,
woodchopping. trnming. laboring and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— COOK, springs, $.'>0 i>er month; dishwasher,
same; pjace. . $23. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
A— CHAMBERMAID nnd waitress, hotel. Boul-
der Creek. $20, fair here. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutt.«-r st. '"'"
V,' ANTED— A farmer; can have work on a small
farm; steady all the year around. Address
FARMER, box 3154, Call offlce. - - - ;
WAITER wanted. 1416 Howard st.
AN experienced mechanical draughtsman want-
ed. \ California Wire Works, 9 Fremont st. .
BOY- for billing and general oTf.ce work: most
. know how to use a . typewriter. 033 Market.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— COOPER. $3 day; woodworker, $2 50 day; *
' laborers for mine company, fare. 60c, $50 and
found; 12 single-hand miners, fare $2 SO. $60
and found; coal miners; hard rock miners.
drillers rockmen
hammersmen 52 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-6C6 Clay_6___
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
•¦ WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY. .?
- Help for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 64jB MEN
FREE FARE and office fee $1 and no other
expenses. to Los Angeles and Panta Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:30
p. m., for the S. P. R. R., laborers and team-
sters, J2 day. FREE FARE..
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers, J2 day nnd found; 2S3
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work In
fields, header men. etc.. Jl 2S. $1 GO. ?2 -ay
and found. COME AND SEE
...STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS...
GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $33,
MO. 125 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $33. *30. $26
and found; 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families. 530, $25, $20 and found.
COME. REE ........I....
CHERRY FRUIT CERRT PICKERS
CO men and boys for different parts of the
country to pick all kinds of fruits and berr'.es.
good wages, office fee $1 J.
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different places, it', $30 and
found; 6 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and round: 6 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jots, $33 and J40 and found
A<TAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 3.-I SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
E63 men for 60 different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $2S to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, J.ickserewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edKermen, In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. $75. $90. $120. $60.
$50. $40. $30 and found: D84 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 50, $2, $150, $1 and 73c cord; shingle
Jointer; shingle packer
MECHANICAL HELP
blacksmiths for a large company. $3 to $3 50
day. free fare; 19 blacksmiths and horse-
shoers. $2 DO a day. $70, $15, $35 and found:
also 5 helpers, $12 a week, $35 and found: 6
woodworkers, carriage-makers, $3, 50 day,
$40 and found '.
carriage and wagon' painter, $40 and found;
3 ranch carpenters
CO laborers. S. P. R. R.. $2 day Free Fare
..S. P. It. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIO WAGES
Z5 laborers for mines, no experience "-equlred.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found; 2fl miners, single-hand $90 and $73
....CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES,,..
FOR A NEW MINE
32 laborers, no experience, fare $2 fO. 134 and
found; 6 men anrt wives for ranches, $40, $35.
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
SC5 laborers .nnd teamsters for all perts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 £0, $2. $1 75 day; many city jobs, to board
FREE* 'FARE. .... .TO '.'.'.'.'. .NEVADA STATE
50 laborers, no experience required, good
wages, ofilce fee $1
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
Teamsters $2 a daj*
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Fre« Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63G Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
head waiter. $50, fare paid; 8 butchers, $33 to
$50; 8 bakers, city and country shops. $10 and
$59; 35 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $6<) and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $35 and found
porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' helpers,
$30, $23, $25 and found: washer, country laun-
dry, $30 and found; barber to run country
shop; porter and watchman, country hotel;
tailor, institution, $25 and found; cook for
lumber company. $60 and found. MURRAY
& READY, C34-63G Clay et.
A-FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work in a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work In packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per mor.th and
found; steady Job year around If you are will-
ing to do the work; general manager win
teach you
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to poddle
fruits. $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work in
a factory, $3 to $5 a week. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 63C Clay st.
A— 10 CROSSCUT sawyer?. $40 found: C Italian
laborers, $45; 10 swampers". $35 and found:
fruit pickers and cherry pickers, $23 and $30
and lound
VERY IMPORTANT
cook, $50; also a dishwasher for a camp Job:
men for factories, foundries: polisher, help tuS
etarch. $35 found, country lnundry: 16 labor-
ers for a mine. $60; 12 muckers for a mine, $C0.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK HERE.... ANY ....HANDY.. ..MEN
Can fill this job, 25 laborers, handy v/lth
tools, to build- flume. $30 to $40 and found; no
tools needed; company supplies tools
SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and woods. $40 and found, fare paid;
6 bos's for factory, $5 50 week; tally man for
lumber company. $10 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 631-636 Clay st.
A SPECIAL SHIPMENT
For Sunday and Monday Morning.
WANTED
2 carloads of laborers $2 a day
. For Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Board $4 50 a week.
Offlce fee. $1. Free fare.
Call to-day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary 6t.
WANTED— For the coast road free faro
teamsters $2 a day
rock laborers $2 a day
office fee $1 free fare
30. woodsmen, spool-tenders and cross-cut-
ters, $35 to $45 nnd board; 20 laborers to
build new railroad In the woods. $30 and
board, see boss here: blacksmith, $2 50; har-
ness-maker, ranch, $30; blacksmith's helper.
$30: coopers. Black work, $20: quarrymen, $2 23
11 day; 6 quartz miners, $2 T>0 a day: 10 rock-
men, near city. $2 25 a day: 6 milkers, $23 and
$30: 5 stonecutters and setters, country. $1
HOTEL AND LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT.
Cook and helper, country hotel, $55 and $23;
second cook, $4.»; third cook, $35, and kitchen
hand, $25. mine boarding-house; third cook,
springs. $30; second baker, country hotel. $30:
dishwasher, resort, $25 and fare both ways: 2
dlshwn r "v'r-\ springs, $25 and fare advanced:
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, hotels and
restaurants. $20. $23 and $30: barkeeper. $40
and board; barkeeper, country hotel. $30 and
found; young barkeeper. $35; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $23; laundryman and wife,
pprlngs hotel, $75; Tyler lroner, country hotel,
$30; lroner and wife, $70 country hotel: mar
ker and distributor, country. $2 a day; lroner
and polisher, country. $2 25; polisher, coun-
try. $20; bell and elevator boy with good ref-
erences. $15. C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. '
THE -Howard Lodging-house, 549 Howard st..
bt-t. First and Second, San Francisco— This
house has- changed hands; has been thorough-
ly frenovated and Is the cheapest, cleanest
and quietest house in the city; all the rooms
are hard finished close to' top and are an out-
Bide rooms, admitting fresh air and sunshine:
large sunny reading room; special attention ta
morning calls: single rooms, per nleht. 10c t4
DOc; per week. 60c to $2. J. BITTERLIN,
' proprietor. "' ' . -
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; only 8
weeks required; situations secured; wages
while learning: transportation paid. GOR-
DON BARBER COLLEGE. 417 North Main
St., Los Angeles. -
MAN~and wife; small ranch; country; $50: see
boarders $50. wife to wash dishes, $23. MRS.
NORTON. -13 Sutter st.
MAN and wife: small ranch:: country: $50; see
party here 11 o'clock. MRS NORTON, 313
Sutter st. .
A MAN and wife, ranch. $40. good place, call
early; ranch hand. $20: cqnk and helper, min-
ing town $C5. with a r_w*e of $10, fare here.
MISS CULLEN. 223 Sutter St.
A WAITER for institution: city; $23 a month
and found. MRS. LAMBERT. .418 Powell st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard. Sec 104 7th: tei. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Men and boys to work In factory.
Apply at Ropewalk, Iowa St., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. ¦
BARBER for Saturday; $3. 1756 Mission St..
cor. 14th.
BARBER WANTED for Saturday and Sunday.
21 East st. ' ¦
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; chance ex-
trn Job. 416 Hayes Et.
WANTED— Two barbers for Saturday and Sun-
tiny. 2S9 Seventh st.
GOOD harbor for Saturday and Sunday; $1
guaranteed. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED— A barber for 'Saturdays and Sun-
days. 713 Davis Et.
WANTED— A good barber; wages. 1342 Market
¦ street.
WANTED— Four barl»ers at the Ocean Bath
. 17 Taylor St. , •
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. SAM
WITT.' 2013 Santa: Clara ave., Alameda.
BARBERS; 3-chalr shop for sale; must be sold
ot once. 213 O'Farrell at.
3-CH AIR loc barber shop; principal street of
Han Jose. Apply W. C. B.. 2105 Jone3 st.."s.F.
BARBERS — 2 barber chairs and 2 poles for sale
. cheap; a bargain. Call at 4C6 Geary st.
nELP Wanted— male.
3 BLACKSMITHS, $2 day and board and J3 to
%i day: blacksmith's helper. $35 and found:
stableman: buggy- washer; driver for coal
cart. 52 day; stableman for ranch. $30; car-
penter for mill, $43 and board; carpenter and
blacksmith for ranch. $30; wheelv.-risht for
ranch; 10 laborers for v.-agon road: .0 R. R.
laborers, free fare: £0 woods and mlllmen.
J26 to $40, fare advanced: 4 teamsters. $1 2.1
and board; farmers. *2."». J0O and J3j; mi'.l;er3.
$30 and ?35: 2 men and wives. ?40 and $^0. and
Eheepherder $2o. fare paid, and others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
4 IK>ARDING-HOUSE cooks. $£J and $10: hotet
cock f!5' cook and wife, small springs hotel.
t-j- second baker. JS3 and found; waiter,
country restaurant, $30: restaurant cooks. $7.
S3 and $12: hotel waiters, $23: dishwasher* and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— First-class machinists. UNION
GAS ENGINE CO.. 244 First st.. city.
WANTED— Biishelman at RAPHAEL'S.
TAILOR wanted: bushelman. At PAUSON &
CO.'S. cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
WANTED— Salesman : furnishing goods depart -
ment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Market.
BUSHELMAN and presser at the Golden West
Clothing Konovatory. 12 Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— A waiter. Apply at 435 Ellis Bt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. Kc to
COc. 161 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
W ANTED— Extra waiter for Sunday. Apply
coffee and lunch house 26 Fifth at.
TWO drivers; cash deposit of $23 required.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st.
WANTED— Man to clean up. Call early.
Golden Bell Saloon. 1077 Market »t.
PORTER with some experience In barber shop;
also barber. 11 Sixth st. •
WANTEEV— A sliver man. pantryman and dish-
washer. Golden West Hotel. 36 Ellis st.
WANTED— A night cook for short orders. 1330
Turk St. -'-"A
WANTED-Elevator boy. 102 Ellis St.; apply
between 3 and 12.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between ths
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who ha\*e- legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal. or
£30 >K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires Blx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63i
Clay Bt.
SALESMEN, especially those visiting grocers,
can earn $7."> monthly selling Climax Baking
Powder, Fide line. Call r. J. 213 California.
SOBER, reliable man cook on Sausalito ferry-
boat: steady Job: wages $40. Apply to J. D.
NIELD at Sausallto ferry.
A COATMAKER. San Jose Woolen Mills. San
Jose. Cal.
j GOOD tailor on coats; stead v work: $13 a
week: also pressman. 135H Natoma st.
BOY for bakery: must have some experience;
$20 mor.th. board, room. 3025 Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. 3C2 Telegraph ave..
Oakland.
ELDERLY man to do chores around a bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
WANTED— Underpresser on custom pants. 541
Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C£2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— Man to be generally useful around
kitchen. Hotel Repeller. 7S1 Sutter st.
WANTED — Elderly man to Dick fruit and clean
up bakery. Ill Larkin st^
WANTED— Strong steady boy who wants to
• learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkin et.
' MEN to learn barberins and halrdressing at 3.
K. Barber School. 74L\ Howar I st. ¦
WANTED— A good lively solicitor: big money.
130 Ellis ft.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to nrder. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and gr»en hands;
ail parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor. »tlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 160 larsa
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPDELL. lawyer; U
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st._ n«ar Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre«
'bus end baggage to and from the ferrr.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2:00 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
nubsciptlons has been established at 1036 Va-
. lencla Ft. j
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
THE sixth lot of 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Jus,t In: from $20 up: 6 blacks 2
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
j et.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale cheap— Good horse, wagon and har-
ness; must be sold by Saturday; price $60.
j 1217 Scott st.
i CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 1500.
I J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 1*"36 Mission.
I HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes',
i cheap: best in city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine cariiase teams. DaL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
CHEAPEST and bfst In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada .->ne year for $L
postage paid. '
houses" to~let\
A— PRINTED list; houses tn let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UM15SEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
3S ROOMS, unfurnished, central ''•catlo/; $:>0
munth: a snap. A. M. SPECi, « CO., 6C7
Market st.
HOUSE* TO LET — KUn.MSIIUD.
— U-
CALIFORNIA. 1711. r.ear Van Ness ave.— 19-
ronm house, completely furnished.
HOUSES WANTED.
I ADULTS wish house for care of same during
summer: references. Box 435J5. Call office.
LOST AXD FOUXU. •
LOST— A young brlndle bull terrwT^emale i
months old. with heavy collar. Telephone
Church 22. or return to 741 Castro E t. and
receive reward.
FOUND— Two greyhounds, one dog and one
bitch. CO Tehama ?t.
LOST— 5-stone diamond ring. Hoffman House
j Cafe washroom: very liberal reward on com-
munication. Box 4330. Call offlce.
LOST— Pocket memorandum book containing
| milk accts. Return 9 Otega ave. ; lib, reward
MEDICAL.
DlT^GT^CrpO^ELL^
adies spec allst; safe and reliable; ha» prac?
tlced in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
r° me: ,? c: \ sultatlon free - ' VVr > t * oV call at
1023'/i Market »t.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-knov.n ladles' specialist,
haa returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $j; have treated thousands of cases with
success: U years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 10074 Market st.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: £V yrs.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
o!ncc, ?¦>:'any ailment; consultation free; con-
tldontial 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' fpeclallst-Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation free
and confidential. 440 Eddy. b-t. Learcnworth
nn<l Hyde; huurs 9 to 5. Sunday* 10 to 4. '
l)U and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: la-lies' |
physician; chronic diseases treated; la:*
scientific methods; treatment. t'>.
Dr. James IMerc-. 265 O'Farrrll. rooms -• and .1-
i-emale specla!:st; home or office treatment tX
Y - S --DR. WISE .t CO., the ladies' specialists.
1118 Market tt. : every raac guarant-ed: <¦'¦ up.
NICE rcllahle home for confinement: reasona- 1
ble.. 2012 Folsom st . MRS. DH. PFEIFFEJt [
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor. treatiTall dis-
eases of the human bedy. 113 Mason st.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Cnll. 1C pases, cent to anv address In ' the.
United States or Canada cne year for $1.
pestare caid.
>iisct:ll.\5eols — for sale.
BOH— £ KS, ensines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSII & '.VOLPMAX. 13^-137 Fremont st.
ISA i:S, Irnok bar-, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have n large st^ok of saloon outflta on hand;
32 complete outfits cn our floor, ready made:
we can *hlp- everything in *» hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1011. 1CC1. lt:J3 Mis-ioa st.. abov*
Sixth: write for cataloeue.
FOR sale— One S-hnr?epo— er portable horizon-
tal engine and. boiler; one K-horsepow er steam
engine, horizontal: one 3-horsepower centri-
fugal Krotfh pump: ore l^-horsfpo— er centri-
fugal Krop'n pump: nil in Rood order; for *ala
cheap. Ad(!re5.i Xapa Machina-Works. V.'M.
J. LEX DOW. Prop.. Napa. Cal.
THE UNIVERSAL,
rRisMATir
KKTLIGIIT •
REFLI5CTOK3.
A nerr nn<5 excellent device for throwing day-
Ileht into dark rcorn s through windows; tha
best In the market. W. HOLT. *nle apnt,
room S» Klocd bulletins; telephone Paris 741.
FOR SALE— Fre-h cow. 4 year- c'.J; milks •
palions per day; al.'o pood h(ir?e. 6 years old,
Apply JOHN McNAMKE. Lincoln ave.. Frult-
vale Heights. AlarneJa County.
A-nuVS !»ells or rents Rear machinery, en-
cine-, boilers, water p!p«. shafting, pulleys.
et-. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear St.
EDISON cancert phonocraph. price reduced to
$100; concert record.*. U 54k, BACIGALUP1.
E31 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOX terrier pups; also pure white, blue-eyed
kitten? ; cheao. 21T ! ,» Tehama st.
$:s-SET Llumber's tnd carpenters tools; com i-
plete. It. SULEWSKY. 5134 Eryant et.
A— 13 50 HERBS and Fedora* hats. *1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. S3O Kearny St.. near Pine.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron ind wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Eurke. 139 Deale.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; aga 2
months. S23 Howrard st.
SECOXP-HAXD fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof cafe; cheap. « Main st.
SECOND-HAND Dow duplex Ptenm pump; 8-in.
steam, 6-ln. water. II. S. WHITE. 513 Mission.
A. VlNE suit. SIO: dres«- pants, J2 73. MtSFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
¦\VE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 12 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand ; movtnjr
plcttfrea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it.
CASH registers of every description for sals
and repaired. 13C7 Market, bet. 3th and 10th.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 400 California.
NFTV and recond-hand >lot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 1*>-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burs-
ter proof safe. 216 California st.
S\FE. £ *— New and second hand. THE 'HER*
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento st.
"¦AFF^-New and second hand: all slz*«. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer an dpatcn—-: 1
air compre-xor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Y^i7
Call IS paces, sent to any address in th»
Vr.lted States or Canada one year for *l.
pestace paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT3.
WA.NTED By a dealer. 130 gallons of country
milk per Cay. 2S2J Twenty-second St., near
Alabama.
"WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 710 Market »t.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a few nice
diamonds. Eos 4313. Call.
OLD sewlnsr machines taken ia exchanse for
new. Acl.1"*s box 31W. Call office.
2UOXEY TO LOAN.
HKIR3~to^unaettled tstates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once: also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing: no
charce unless loan Is granted. EQLITACU,
LOAN CO.. room G03. llxaminer bulldlnK.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d m ort-
Kaeea. undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortfrages and legacies bought: no de-
lav get my term- before doing business elsc-
where. K. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortKa-°s; life insurance. Koom IB. first
floor Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at low-
est" rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. SIC Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. l*t or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. DECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable plac» to borrow on diamonds,
watchis. jewelry. W. J. HESTIIAL, W Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AXT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; nd removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Pow-.-ll st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to l>orrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service- money direct: lowest Interest Rooms
68 und CS. Donohoe bulMlng. 11m) Market st.
LOANS made fen furniture at l'.i per cent; also
loans to ralaried people. IIARSHBARGER.
_2 Elila st.. room 31.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 4t. Merchants* Exchange, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people: without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried pecple on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is. mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
TO salaried n-.en without collateral or lndorser.
S. - F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulldlnsr.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A MAHOGANT Curtaz. good as new.
A walnut "Weber, used very little.
A wslnut Sterling, medium size.
An oak Sterling, slightly used.
A walnut Vose. from rental stock.
A mahogany Everett, splendid condition.
An ebonized Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
An oak Klnsjbury, good as new.
And many others, from JSO up: terms llberu.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chlckering. Pteck. Vose. Sterling Agency.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
, every grade, from Steinway down tr> low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash. J>> per
month: other pianoa $3. U and t> per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAINS 'of all kinds to-day at MAUVAI3/
760 Market st.
WE always sell at low prices, but during Jun»
we offer special bargains to '^T." 11 '' la j"*»
stock, b^tquallty. MAUVAIS. 769 Market.
DECKER & SON. Packard. Roothe Bros and
Arlington are the plants we ."fer as the best
and cheapest. MAUVAIj^jg* Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLni: & Cxi AS ES
26 IS end 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all Blades
and prices: terms easy: prices !°*est every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .-¦'¦¦:•¦
tTTwTVTtv*?— A few pianos will b« sold this
w-ric for «torir'- effem wanted (cash or ln-
?tSffm£Tts>? "^on__S torage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
GOOD -prirtTWn-Tlu" »<;«•. Cne qUamy -
$100. Rocrnl2 : JjTo^_2>u2___: ,
STniNWAY^pHgT^^: installments J3. C
110: rents t? up. HE^Nk S. US Elila St.
rivv~TCrp'l uprlcht piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. K6 McAllister st.
t»— niTTION sale: new pianos. $5 payments;
fc" r£^T_____-CRIT-XX. 2C3,Post St.
SOTTMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 30S to
3i? rest st. .¦
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZk 18
McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
W G HAIXXER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis IJacon and Hallett & Da via pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H-'
Ml'— LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHCAPF.ST and bert In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 rases, sent to any address tn th*
United Ptates cr Canada one year for Q.
postase paid.
OFFICES AXD STOICS TO LET.
LARGE .tires and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court blork. HAltlN. 413 Kearny st.
/ OIL LANDS.
OIL LANDS Fo1TsXleT\Nd"t6~LEASE.
We have choice properties and will assist
parties to or?— .nizo companies and s<?cur-
caplfal. AMBROSE HARRIS and T. A.
TIKLI- rooms 611-11-1-. Kxnmlner htiiMinc.
TAMIISTUT.
MME. Neerj-aard. Prea. St. Germain Collese of
Palmistry: roads 1 to 8. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOS5ELLI. scientific pa'ralst. 5 _
Tavlor at., bet. Gsarv & Post: phone Black 561.TO ARRIVE
Steamer Movements
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaL.
June 8, 1900.
The time ball or. the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Butter and* Eggs are slightly dearer. Cheese
shows no change.
Poultry Is -hearer. Meats are not actually
lower, but there are indications of a decline
before lone
The Fruit and Vegetable markets continue
well supplied with the seasonable varieties at
about the prices usual at this time of the
year.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel J @13 00 Ceattle .$8 00®
Wellington .. @10 00 Southneld
New Welling- Wellington — -®I0 00
ton ®.'O OOlCoos Bay @7 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr.. .40(345! Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — ®35( dozen — a*)
Cheese,. Cal.. 10!tf'l5 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. .17^20 )ound 12f*lS
Cheese. Swiss 20<&\?.> Do. extracted. ..10@12
Common Egg3...15@17H
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15@17 Pork,- salt..... 12@1S
Beef, choice 15^20 Pork Chops 15'tflS
Do, good ....10012 Round Steak 10#12
horned Beef,. —WIO Sirloin Steak. .....15@—
Ham, Eastern... lofgHH Porterhouse do. ...20025
l.ard : — Wi» Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton 10Qil2 Pork Sausages. .12V4S» 20
Spring Lamb 12@15 Veal .....12tfl5
Pork, fresh 15020
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 5Og5O Turkeys. 'ppr lb ..irW*
Ixpuiitt itoostera. Ducks, each.. .....50^65
each : 50@65 Geese, each...$l 23!gl 50
Old Roosters, ea.\40<g 1 50jPig«ro»is J yun , ,<&<.*
Fryers, each 40tf43 1 Rabbits, pair 40(o JO
Broilers. eaeh.....3u&io (Hare, each — ©20
Fruits and Nut»<-
Apricots "4@ 5 ( Gooseberries, lb... 5iglO
Aimonas, v>er lb. .]:•»•-¦¦ iOr..iijteis, iiu*en....li, < »jo
Apples' 4@ 5 Lemons, dozen... .in«*2o
Bananas, dozen. ..lwti-4* 'Plumsf per lb 5@ 6
Blackberries, dwr25@35 Maisins. imr iv. '. ¦ j
CherntK.- pn u>.. =«• m Raspberries. dwr.25@4O
Currants, drawer.35050 Peaches, per lb... 5@ 8
Figs, per lb 15O20 Sstr;i vvix-rries. per
Lojran. Berries. per drawer 25S-50
drawer 35<g45 Uuluuis, per iu.,. — uU ,
Vegetables — -
Artichokes, doz.... 30@6J (Lettuce, per dor.. 13#-»
Asparagus, per lb. 4$10 'Onions, per lb.... Sir i
Beets, dozen 12&15 jOkra. dry. per lb. — wvi
Beans, white, lb.. W — I Peppers, green, lb.lO<g;o
• Colored, per lb.. 43£ 5 !l".,i»toe». oer lb.. Sr-f o
Lima, per lb....— ft S Tarsnips. per doz.lSffl —
Cabbage, each;.... 5G'1° Rhubarb, per lb.. i<jt. 6
-Cauliflowers, each iiiglO Radishes, dz bchs.lO@12
Celery, bunch..... 5$— Sage, do* bneh«.*;XM*itS
Cress, doz bnchs..20«j25 String Beans, lb.. 5® S
Cucumbers, per suinjii«T Squash.
dozen ....12S20 per lb 4@ 5
Egg Plur.t. : •lb....l'W*l*»jThyme. per,lb.;;;.2i*t*)
Green' Corn, doz.. 15630 Turnip*. p»r do*..)' 1^'"
Green Peas. lb.... 2® 5lToma{oes, per lb. 5«jlO
Lentils." per lb b'gt A'
¦ Fish-
Barracuda .'.... ...15S?— IShnd 15j?—
Carp .'...... ...10®12 Sea Bass ....'..— @13
Codnsh ... — 1»'1"> Smelts 11^—
Flounders .10(312 Soles l.iitf—
Halibut .......15<S2O'.«kates. each ..10013
KingflHh — Q15'Tomcod .-§1!
Mackerel I . . 20ft — I Clams, gallon... .3u«r> —
Do. Horse...... .— w— | Do hardshell.l00.40a.->o
Perch ............. .12^15. Crabs, each...... ..10015
HntnufiM ".— 'a — Do softshell. dz. 2o@.V>
Rockflsh ...". — @13 Mussels, quart.. :.1O@1J
Salmon. -¦ fresh 13<y— 1 0ysters. Cal. 100..40«£5«
'Do. smoked..:...— «20 Do Eastern. doz.25@4»
Shrimps... ......... 8$13I ~
Family Retail Market.
CALL CALENDAR,
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 8.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 hours from
San Dle~o, etc.
Stmr Point Arena, Har.sen, IS hours from
Mendodno, etc.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. 11 hours from
Fort Bragc
Stmr Greenwood, Fegerlund. 42 hours from
Port Los Angeles. : ', -:
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Tillamcok. Hughes. 20 hours from Usal.
Br ship Klmhurst. McKenzle. S8 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Schx Prosper. Ryfkogel, 24 hours from Santa
Cruz, mound to Cape Nome; put In ci account
of springing a leak.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 8.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Alexander Bay (Si
berian coast); Russian exploration, under Chaa
Dosdanoditch.
Stmr North Fork. McLeMan. Eureka; Chas
Nelson.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean, Panama, etc;
P M S S Co.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch ft
Co.
Br bark Antlope, Murray, Chemalnus; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. June 3.
Stmr Geo. Loomia. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson, San Pedro.
• Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Br stmr Manauense, Barenson, Vancouver.
Brig Geneva. Au, Nome.
Brig Lurline, Turtoff, Kahului.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bihlers Point.
Schr Sophia Sutherland. Murray, whaling.
Schr Glendale, Falk. Tacoma.
Schr J Eppinger. Skipper. Ilowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 8, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 13 miles.
SPOKEN.
May 5. lat — . lon 19 W— Br ship Glenholm.
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Capt Lundqulst of stmr Portland, from
Unalaska— Br stmr Alpha had cruised outside
the ice and reached as far u n 3D N on the
Siberian coast She had been back to Dutch
Harbor and sailed again on the 9th. The cap
tain reports an unbroken barrier of ice all
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— Arrived June 8— Stmr Whites
boro, from Port Anzeles.
CHIGNIK BAY— Arrived April 2S-Shlo Geo
Skolflelci. hence March 31.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 7— Stmr Cleone. for
: stmr Westport. for . June 8— Schr Lau
ra Madsen. for Grays Harbor. ;
EUREKA— Arrived June 7— Schr Chas E
Falk, hence May 30. June 8— Stmr Wm H Kru
xer frrfu Tillamook; stmr Pomona, hence
June 7. r
Arrived June 8— Stmr Del Norte. hence June
7; schr Mabel Gray, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived June »— Ger ship Mabel
Rickmera. from Hloro.
Sailed June S— Stmr Despatch, for Nome; Br
ship St Mirren. for Queenstown.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 7— Stmr
Alcatraz. from .
MEXDOC1SO — Arrived June 8 — Schr Rio Rey.
hence May 31.
COOS BAY— Sailed June S, at 9 a m— Stmr
Emnire. tor San Franciscb.
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed June S— Bark J D
Peters, for Ladysmith.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 7— Schr Vo
lant, hence May 27. '
SEATTLE— Sailed June 7— Stmr Victoria, for
Arrived June 8— Jap stmr Idzumi Mam, from
Yokohama.
Sailed June 8 — Br ship Elginshire, for Queena
t,.wn. FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived June 7— Br bark.
County of Merioneth, from Oregon.
FLEET WOOD— Arrived June 7— Br ship
Butshlre. hence Jan 14.
PANAMA — Arrived May 23— Stmr Peru, hno
April 2S.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 1— Russ »tmr
Dalny Vostok. from Taecma.
COLON— Sailed June «— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
VALPARAISO— Sailed May 6— Ger stmr Ha
thor. for Hamburs.
NAGASAKI— Sailed June 8— Ger stmr RlmU
for Oregon.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to May S— Ship
Kennebec. hence March 23.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 8— Br ship Col
ony, from Oregon: Ger ship Nereus, hencn Feb
13; Br ship Cambuskenneth, h'ence Jan IS, and
sailed for Dublin.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 8— Nor stmr Tltania,
for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 7— Ger stmr Aby
dos. tor San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 8— Br itmr Coj>
tlc, hence May 11.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
MOV1LLE— Sailed June 8-;Stmr Furnessia.
from Ulassow. for New York.'
VLADIVOSTOK — Arrived June 2— Stmr Lean
dev. from Tacoma.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 8— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg: stmr Vojamnia. from San Fran-
CiTO.
(JUEENBTOWN — Arrived June 8— Stmr Luca
nla. frnm New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. '
failed June 8— Stmr New England, for Boa
ton.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled June S— Stmr An-
Ituste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York,
via Cherbourg.
LONDON— Salwi June S — Stmr Mennmla«,
for New York.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY
Continued froin Page Ten.
bags, against 133,671 during the same time last
year. The sales from first hands were 69.536
bags, against 75,579. The stock In first hands
June 1 was 63,143 bags, against 5S.546. The
world's visible supply June 1 was 6.056.41S bags,
against 6.144.418. The circular says: "Steadily
rising prices for soot Brazil Coffee in the New
York market have latterly been the Interesting
feature, due to long continued small receipts at
the principal points of exportation and oificlrU
announcement of bubonic plague at both ltio
and Santos. The scanty receipts there are dua
to the delay In harvesting the new crop occa
sioned by continuous rains, which are also bald
to have caused the loss of fully a tenth of the
product in Santos. Recent estimates place the
coming crops at 2.000.COO Rio, 6,500,000 Santos, or
say about 1,000.000 bags below the figures cur
rent earlier in the season. So far as mild Cof
fees are concerned here the effect of this im
provement In Brazils has been followed mainly
by those classes which were worth 10c or less;
in these an actual improvement is noticeable,
with decidedly larser business. The hifther
priced descriptions sympathized mainly in
sentiment, but have scarcely followed the ad
vance In price nor noticeably by improved de
mand. For such changes as are warranted we
call attention to the subjoined quotations.
Stock In first hands consists of 810S bags Costa
Rica. 1144 Nicaragua. 17.247 Salvador. 37,316
Guatemala and 3i&7 Mexican — in aJJ/67,705 bags,
as against 56,604 bags same time last year."
We quote: Costa Rica — 14@13>jc for prime
washed; 12(f}13',4C for good washed; lSffiHSic for
good to prime washed peaberry; HH@12Vsc Icr
good to prime peaberry; ll@13c for good to
prime; 9©10',ic for good current mixed with
black beans; sgiOSic for fair; 6Vs@SHc nominal
for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 10*i«i 13c for good to prime washed:
9V«<H'10Hc for fair washed;. 12S?]3Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%i<glO'/4c for good to
prime semi-washed; 9%@10 t ,^c for superior un
washed; SV4c for good grreen unwashed; lOvifl^lc
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6^7*ic
nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13H@ 16c for prime to fancy
washed; 9(S12c for fair to strictly good washed:
8*i@9«.ic nominal for good to superior un
washed ; lOglO'ic nominal for jrood to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— WSi'Mc for prime
to fancy washed; 11%©13Hc for strictly good
washed; ll@ll?4c for good / washed; 9@
10»ic for fair washed; 8QS%c for medium;
6(g79ic for inferior to ordinary; 13@14M>c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 1UQ11"
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry
9V4<H10Kc nominal for good to superior un
washed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 8.
Flour, qr sks 13,993 1#-'K?. doz 21,720
Wheat, ctls 72.454 Quicksilver, fisks 61
Barley, ctls sS.983 Leather, rolls 73
Oats, ctls 160 Wine, gals 44,500
Hay, tons 431 Lime, bbls 152
Straw, tons 15 Hides, No.... 5sz
Corn, East. ctls.. 600 Pelts, bdls 134
Cheese, ctls 94 Wool bales 93
Butter, ctls 460|Onions. sks 7S6
Tallow, ctls 303'Bran, sks 1.240
Sugar, bbls 235 Potatoes, sks...., 4,022
Sugar, sks 2.S0OI -
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 2371
COMMERCIAL NEWS
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE
SAN JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERNDON
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN
Following Is a statement ot the estimated
Sow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second,- or second feet, one second foot
equaling M California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The fijrures are
from J. B. Lipplncott of the United States
Geological Survey: .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J E Shafer. Salinas
C Martin, New York
F Drake, Vallejc
L Green, Petaluma
A Schneider, Petaluma
D Hollister. Courtland
H Chandall. Cal
P J Brady, New York
E II P Merrltt & w.
New York
Dr F Thompson, Mass
Mrs Thompson, Mass
Mr Barnhall & w. Cal
P B Hoadley. Australia
W Hoadley. Australia
J Champion. Australia
J L Butts. Pa
G E Sylvester & w,
Seattle
L R Prince. Boston
W M MvFadden, Cal
J McNaughton, S Jose
T W McAulifte. Sacto
Mrs F W Santon, SCrz
U S Miller. S Cruz
J D Ludwig. S Cruz
iP Muato. Stockton
IJ T Grace. Santa Rosa
tV J Cressey, L Angeles
[D W Pierce, L Angeles
|E C Johnson. L Angr
JA H Martin, MD, Cal
E C Hart. Sacramento
W M r-*>well. Sacto
F B Pattee. Valley Spr
R W Van Van Widen.
Sacramento
11 P Bender & w. Cal
C A Palm. Sacramento
M-iss Griswell. S Jose
M D Glldden & w, Stkn
G Powers. Yountville
W T Ellis. Yountville
J Goodman. Merced
J W I>lred, San Jose
|J Rice. Cal
A Anderson, Sulsun
J McDonnell, Menlo Pk
Mrs H Berger. Portlnd
! IJ Bereer. Portland
IH M Cross. N Y
PALACE HOTEL
C M Ingram, Butte
T R Klley, N Y '
F C Chinn. Sacto
IVm A Kalma.r. Los An
P Casson, Los Anpeles
F A Augsbury, N Y
J C Augsbury. N Y
Mrs M E Sawyer, N Y
W L Sawyer. N Y
A Cone, N Y'
H C Campbell, Keswick
N Bennett, Tacoma
J L Smith. Tacoma
R W Kerwick. Wls
G V Hover, N Y
M Oppenhelmer, Texas
Mrs Oppenhelmer, Tex I
F \V Xaeh. Arizona
Lewis Kahn. Omaha
F Bonner, Chicago
F Moftett, Oakland
Capt Tanera, Berlin
Mrs J J Nestell. N Y
R J Nestell, >T Y
B F Brooks, Cal
,W Sanders. Stockton
Mrs Sanders, Stockton
Mrs L L Baker, Rosa
H R Baker. Ross
H Fiehan. USA
C L Knabe, Chicago
r C Copeland, Los An
B H Westfall, Redlands
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
D Donovan, Fresno
rli Morrill. Madison
E Robinson, S Jose
J E Hall. Courtland
P J Sullivan. Sacto
J Jackson & w. Aubrn
A Campbell &w, Reno
H Dalrymple &w, Tex
Mrs Schultz, Mrshfleld
E Durin, S Diego
John Riley, Seattle
J A Myers, Madera
P F Martin, Sktn
Mrs Moriarty. Or
G W Wise. L An-r
J Moran & w, S Rosa
ro sail
A light business was recorded on the Bond
Exchange on the morning session. Gas and
Electric advanced to $47 23 and Bank of Cali
fornia sold at $411.
In the afternoon business was dull, with a
sale of California Fruit Canners at *!».
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIADY. June 8—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. B<d.A-k.
TJ K Bonds— • Eqult G L Co. 3
4s quar coup^lloUHS^i Hu'un V o. **•• » 1
4s do rep 114^114^ O G L & H — 45 47ft
4s do cp new..in4Vil34}i Pac L Co. 46U —
Ss do coupon. .109 109', 2 !Pac Oas Imp.. — 4.»
Miscellaneous— S F & G E.... 47U 4<<»
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. 4v- *%.
, C C Water 5s.l09H — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
1 Ed L & P 6s..l2$V4 — Insurance— :
F & Cl Ry 6s. .118 — Flrem's Fund.2'3 —
Geary-st R as. — 33 Bank Stocks—
H C& S 5U5.. — — An;rlo-Cn» Ltd. 65 «7
do In ...'. ..If." — Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 53 104'.;i03tt Cal H O & T.105 —
LAI, Co 6s., - — First Natlonl. — 190
Do gntd Os.;. - - Lon P & A... .irft -
' Do grfd Ss.. 1M — Merchants Ex la —
L A & P R 5S.104T4 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market -st (is... 128 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 6s.HS% — Ger S &¦ L.....189O —
N C N O H 7s. — 114 Htm S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 63.113^117 Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
Do 5s lH^USVi S F Sav L....aOa -
N P C R R 6s.l01 — Sav & L So.... 74 7J
Do 5s — 109 Sec Sav Bk.... — —
N Cal R R Gs.lll — Union, a Co.... — —
Oak « L&HJs.lli _ Street Railroad*-
Oak Tran 6s..HS«;i:0 California 122% -
Oak W Co :*.. - - Geary-st ...... r-o -
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107% Market-st Ry. 6:n —
Om C Ry 6s. 12* — O S L &. H... — 4a
P & Cl Ry 6s.ir>4iA — Presldo "Va —
P & O R R 6s.li; " - Powder Stock*—
Powell-st R 63.121) — California •••- 1 ?* 'I*
Sar L *• C, R.'s - - Giant Con Co.. S8U 89
S F & SJV 6s.ll9U120Vi Vigorlt 2T» Vm
S Hy of i.'al tit;. Ml'.; — • Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..114 — JHana S P Co.. IK 7i*
Do UM6J U<> HOTiiHaw C & S Co — 91
Do (1906) 1UH113 Honokaa S Co. 83V» 33',i
Do (i912> imi - Hutch S F Co. - W*
S P Br bs 130 - Kllauea S Co. 2H6 2}
S V Water 6s.. r.5 — Makawell S Co 47' ? 4.%
Do 4s 103% — Onomea S Co.. 2.H 2SU
Do 3d mortg. — 102 Paauhau S Co. 31*» 32
Stocktn Uas •>» S3 — Mmci-iianeous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.H7>4 —
Contra Costa.. 72 — Cal Fruit Asn. 33*i 99!i
Marin County. *•«' — Mer Ex Assn.. — I""
Spring Valley. 94»i 95U Oceanic S Co.. 93 94
Gas & Electric— j Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.149 —
CentL&P.... 3H — I Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Mornlne Sesaiou.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 88 50
200 Hana Plantation Co T 75
40 Hcnokaa S Co 33 12! 3
30 Honokaa S Co 33 25
$4000 Market-st Ry 1st con. 5 per cent....HS 75
15 Oceanic Steamship bonds 93 2j
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 12«n
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
5 Spring Valley Water 95 00
40 Bank^of California 411 00
50 Contra Costa Water 2 2o
120 Giant Powder Con 88 50
HCO U S 2a bonds 103 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Fruit Canners* 99 00
10' Contra Costa Water, s 90 72 00
200 Contra Costa Water, b 30 72 23
10 Honokaa S Co 33 25
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 6s bonds 103 00
50 Pacific Gas Imp * 48 25
75 S P Gas & Electric Co 47 37>i
Street—
$2000 Los Ang-Jles Ry 5s bonds 105 no
$2000 N P C R R 5s bonds 10S 2T»
10 Spring Valley Water 93 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board — ¦
200 National O & D Co 6 30
100 American Fuel 35
Afternoon Session.
150 Home Oil 4 75
200 Home Oil, b 30 ».. 4 73
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session. ,
200 Andes P7 SO) Con Cal & Va..l 50
300 Belcher 20 300 Ophlr 72
200 Best & Eelcher. 26 200 Savage IS
200 Caledonia 1 00
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 25; 100 Ophir 71
300 Caledonia 95; 300 Savage 19
1C0 Con Cal & Va..l 50' 100 Silver Hill »
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning S«*slon.
200 Belcher 21] e00 Overman 18
200 Caledonia 100; 200 Potosl 21
200 Challenge Con.. 14 ! 300 Savage 17
300 Chollar 23i 300 Savage 1*
200 Ccn Cal & V.I 47'j! 5CO Savage TO
.DO Gould & Curry. 14 400 Savage 2!
500 Gould & Curry. 131 300 Silver Hill 41
400 Ophir 721 200 Silver Hill 4)
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 26| 300 Savage 20
75 Best & Belcher. 23! 200 Savage »
500 Ophir 71 200 Silver Hill 39
200 Ophir 70 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -
FRIDAY, June S— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 lustlce 03 03
Alta .: 03 05 Kentuck — 03
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash 02 03
Belcher 19 20 Mexican 21 23
Best & Belcher. 23 26 Occidental 13 15
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 70 71
Caledonia 90 93 Overman 18 17
Chollar 21 22 Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. 14 15 Savage 19 20
Confidence .. t .. 60 6: Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 So;Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 30 32
Con New York. 02 — IStlver Hill 33 33
Eureka Con — 8>ISt Louis — 13
frown Point.... OS 09 Standard 3 73 4 43
Exchequer 01 o: Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Con JO 22
Hale & Norcrs. 26 2S Utah 13 14
Julia — 021 Yellow Jacket.. 14 13
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JUNE 9, 1900.
Flozv of Rivers.
Shipping Intelligence.
13
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the !.i<les
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the' order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the g*cond tide of
Ihe day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or risht hand column rI vm the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Ccaijt Survey charts, except
when a minus sign- (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted (rom
the depth given br.the chart*. The ptan« of
rpferrncp in the mean of the lower low wnter*.
ff'ii; June. 1900.
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
It-* First Quarter,
_L _L _L _L _L _L -JL (^) Full Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 June 12.
if*- Last Ouarter,
2L — — — — — IL June 19 -
21 23 26 27 2S 23 30 ia N>w Moon '
I til" ¦ June 28.
SATURDAY. JUNE 9.
Run rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:30
Moon sets ....2:02 a. m.
O ITlme Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L W H W L W H W
9 ... 2:35 0.6 9:63 3.7 1:59 2.9 S:» jT«
19 ... S:33 0.1 10:41 4.0 2:4« 3.C 9:03 J.7
11 ... 4:12—0.3 11:23 4.2 S:3S 3.1 »:J3 J.«
12 ... 4:31 -<>.« 12:141 4.5 4:H 3.2) 1O:1S| 5.9
13 ... 6:321—0.3 12:351 4.7 5:11 Z.Z 11:W| f.S
M ... 6:13|-fl.S 1:374 4.S «:03 3.! 11:53 5.7
13 ... 6:56| — 0.7| S:lSj 5.0 7:00 3.1| |
. Steamer. I " From. | Due.
I
From.
I Due.
Suit* of Caj. ..li'ortland ..'June .
Empire ICoos Bay .;. ..IJutw *>
San Mateo......|Nanalrno [June 9
_"oo« bay iNnvporl. ......iJun» t»
Matteawan ....ITucoma .-..Uune 1ft
Pomona .jHumboWt.... IJuna 10
_*it>- of Puebla-i Victoria * Fuget Sound; June 11
Coqullle RlTer.. Gray* Harbor June XI
Tttanla Nanalmo June 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Juna 11
Tellus Oyster Harbar June U
Orizaba Seattle — [June 11
China. ...; China, and Japan ' *ane 12
Corona San Dtero - Jane 12
Arcata Cooa Bay Jnne 13
Projrreso Tacoma M June 12
North Fork Humboldt Jun« 1.1
Willamette ISeattle - IJune 13
Columbia i Portland.." June It
Bonita Newport ....._ Jun« 1*
Xewburic iGrays Harbor June 14
Crescent City... (Crescent City [June t»
Point Arena.... Meniocino June K
Carlisle City — (China and Japan June 15
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Luxor Europe June 9. 10 am Pier
Sam* Rosa. San Diego June 10. 11 am Pier 1
Cmatflla .. Vic & Prt Sd. June 10. 11 amPl'r
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... June 11. 2pm!Pler
State of Call Portland I June 12. 11 am: Pier 2
Pomona ....IHumboldt June 12 Pier
Coos Bay... Newport June 12, 9am|Pierl
Marlposa ..iSydnoy June 13. 8 pra Pier
Corona ISan Diego [June 1*. 11 am PIT 1
Hongkng- iljC* Ins <&JapanUune 14. lpm PMS!
Arcata (Cnos Bay I June 14. 12 m Pier 1
City PueblalVic Jt Pgt Sd.|June 13 |Pl«r
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S39. I 1900.
May 20...
May 21...
May 22...
May 23...
May 24...
May 23...
May 28...
.* .
3440 8300
44W *"."¦
4300 .Vv.il
4490 9400
4'iSil 73011
3920 (v.;o
37B') 8800
I
Seco
and Fe*t.
I V.*nt
DATE. V -
Second
18D9. I
— i
1 Feet.
i 1300.
18D9.
. I 1300.
.
• \ * JW -
| '_
May 27
May 2S
May 29
May 30
May 31
June 1
June 2
33S0
3273
3275
4370
3S20
3385
3383
ft14«
7S82
7334
761S
7S83
7818
7SS2
[Second Ft. I ! i
DATE. I , Mn'gCo. Turlock Tot'l
1 1S39 ) 1900 Canal. Canal. 1300
; I
Majr 27 2924 8CS0 24 133 &Stt
Mar 2S 3124 8360 24 139 »:::::
May 29 4093 8040 24 139 8203
May 30 4099 6745 2t 139 «9C<5
May 31 4003 8040 24 139 8203
June 1 4534 740O 24 139 73S3
June 2 40S9 7400 24 133 7363
| Second
Fe«t.
DATE.
I — -— — i
1809.
1900.
!
-
May 27
May 28
May 29
May 30.
May 31
June 1
June 2
1730
1730
1730
1325
1325
2450
2060 I
4IWI
41C5
3140
3261)
3.-M)
3140
2785
Second Feet.
DATK.
1S99. I
130O.
1399. 190O.
May 27 ,
May 23
May 23
May 30
May 31
Juni 1
June 2
6.500
6. 265
6,285-
8.2R3
6.030
15.200
9.500
7nco
(L>S3
8265
S2R5
. Steamer. I " From. | Due.
I
From.
I Due.
Suit* of Caj. ..li'ortland ..'June .
Empire ICoos Bay .;. ..IJutw *>
San Mateo......|Nanalrno [June 9
_"oo« bay iNnvporl. ......iJun» t»
Matteawan ....ITucoma .-..Uune 1ft
Pomona .jHumboWt.... IJuna 10
_*it>- of Puebla-i Victoria * Fuget Sound; June 11
SATURDAY. JUNE 9.
Run rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:30
Moon sets ....2:02 a. m.
O ITlme Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L W H W L W H W
9 ... 2:35 0.6 9:63 3.7 1:59 2.9 S:» jT«
19 ... S:33 0.1 10:41 4.0 2:4« 3.C 9:03 J.7
11 ... 4:12—0.3 11:23 4.2 S:3S 3.1 »:J3 J.«
12 ... 4:31 -<>.« 12:141 4.5 4:H 3.2) 1O:1S| 5.9
13 ... 6:321—0.3 12:351 4.7 5:11 Z.Z 11:W| f.S
M ... 6:13|-fl.S 1:374 4.S «:03 3.! 11:53 5.7
13 ... 6:56| — 0.7| S:lSj 5.0 7:00 3.1| |
ff'ii; June. 1900.
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
It-* First Quarter,
_L _L _L _L _L _L -JL (^) Full Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 June 12.
if*- Last Ouarter,
2L — — — — — IL June 19 -
21 23 26 27 2S 23 30 ia N>w Moon '
I til" ¦ June 28.
Second Feet.
DATK.
1S99. I
130O.
1399. 190O.
May 27 ,
May 23
May 23
May 30
May 31
Juni 1
June 2
6.500
6. 265
6,285-
8.2R3
6.030
15.200
9.500
7nco
(L>S3
8265
S2R5
| Second
Fe«t.
DATE.
I — -— — i
1809.
1900.
!
-
May 27
May 28
May 29
May 30.
May 31
June 1
June 2
1730
1730
1730
1325
1325
2450
2060 I
4IWI
41C5
3140
3261)
3.-M)
3140
2785
[Second Ft. I ! i
DATE. I , Mn'gCo. Turlock Tot'l
1 1S39 ) 1900 Canal. Canal. 1300
; I
Majr 27 2924 8CS0 24 133 &Stt
Mar 2S 3124 8360 24 139 »:::::
May 29 4093 8040 24 139 8203
May 30 4099 6745 2t 139 «9C<5
May 31 4003 8040 24 139 8203
June 1 4534 740O 24 139 73S3
June 2 40S9 7400 24 133 7363
I
Seco
and Fe*t.
I V.*nt
DATE. V -
Second
18D9. I
— i
1 Feet.
i 1300.
18D9.
. I 1300.
.
• \ * JW -
| '_
May 27
May 2S
May 29
May 30
May 31
June 1
June 2
33S0
3273
3275
4370
3S20
3385
3383
ft14«
7S82
7334
761S
7S83
7818
7SS2
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S39. I 1900.
May 20...
May 21...
May 22...
May 23...
May 24...
May 23...
May 28...
.* .
3440 8300
44W *"."¦
4300 .Vv.il
4490 9400
4'iSil 73011
3920 (v.;o
37B') 8800
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Luxor Europe June 9. 10 am Pier
Sam* Rosa. San Diego June 10. 11 am Pier 1
Cmatflla .. Vic & Prt Sd. June 10. 11 amPl'r
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... June 11. 2pm!Pler
State of Call Portland I June 12. 11 am: Pier 2
Pomona ....IHumboldt June 12 Pier
Coos Bay... Newport June 12, 9am|Pierl
Marlposa ..iSydnoy June 13. 8 pra Pier
Corona ISan Diego [June 1*. 11 am PIT 1
Hongkng- iljC* Ins <&JapanUune 14. lpm PMS!
Arcata (Cnos Bay I June 14. 12 m Pier 1
City PueblalVic Jt Pgt Sd.|June 13 |Pl«r
Coqullle RlTer.. Gray* Harbor June XI
Tttanla Nanalmo June 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Juna 11
Tellus Oyster Harbar June U
Orizaba Seattle — [June 11
China. ...; China, and Japan ' *ane 12
Corona San Dtero - Jane 12
Arcata Cooa Bay Jnne 13
Projrreso Tacoma M June 12
North Fork Humboldt Jun« 1.1
Willamette ISeattle - IJune 13
Columbia i Portland.." June It
Bonita Newport ....._ Jun« 1*
Xewburic iGrays Harbor June 14
Crescent City... (Crescent City [June t»
Point Arena.... Meniocino June K
Carlisle City — (China and Japan June 15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Co. to William
Camp, lot on E line of Moscow street, 175 S of
China avenue, S SO by E 200, block 83, same:
$10.
Eudora B. Dean to Frank P. Canfield, lot on
NW corner of Tiffany street and Twenty-ninth
avenue, W 3S:10V±, NE 63:S?i, SE 47:2%, SW 48,
lot 29, Tiftany & Dean Tract; $10.
Herman and Katie Hofstetter to Jseelty S.
Guude, lot on N corner of Manitoba and Osage
(I) streets, NW 150 by NE 100, block 101?, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso-
ciation; $600.
Nettle R. Sanderson to Mary'E. Hill, lot on
"W line of South Broderick street and SK line
of Park road. S 143:S. W 126, NE 42:11. NE 132:1,
block E, Park Hill Homestead Association No.
2; grant.
Edmund E. Hill and A. A. Sanderson to same,
earne; frant.
Annie 1'faff and Annie Brady (widows) to
Peter A. Smith, lot on S line of Post street,
110 E of Polk, E 30:6 by S 120; $10.
Victor and Florence Williams to Augusta
Abramson, lot on S line of Ellis street, 82:6 W
of Scott. W 25 by S 137:0; $10.
John C. Wunder and Otto H. Mackroth to
Wunder Brewing Company *a corporation), lot
on NW corner of Scott and Greenwich streets,
N 273, W 172:8, S 144, W 24:8, S 131, E 197:4,
warranty deed; $5.
Frank and Alice Waltersteln to Ella Walter-
steln, lot on SE corner of JaOkson and Baker
streets, E 100 by S 27:SU; $3.
Carl and Anialie Griese to Thomaa S. Duke,
lot on W line of Tremont avenue, 265 S of Wal-
ler street, S 25 by W 80; $10.
Charles EL and Harriet V. Foye to John C.
Newlands. lot E line of Tremont avenue,
721 i3 of Frederick, S 25 by E 80; $lu.
Honora nnd James Hogan to William O'Con-
nell, lot on NW corner of Washington and
Cherry streets, N 50:4, W 71:6, S 60:10, E 79:2;
140.
John T. Harmes and Thalia Treadwell to An-
drew Chri*tent-en, lot on E line of Hartford
street, 137;4 b of Seventeenth, S 26:2 by E 125;
$10. •
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Julia
Burns, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
123 E of Sanchez, E 23 by N 114; $2390.
Isaac Poly and Celia and Moses Clayburg to
Albert Pissls, lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 4M:S E of Drumm, E 45:8 by N 59:9; $10.
Douglas Investment Company (a corporation)
to Henry E. Bothin, lot on S line of Clay
street, 50 E of Montgomery, E 30 by S 69:9; $10.
Hannah Rothenstein (by B. P. Oliver, com-
missioner)' to Hibernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, lot on S line of Washington street, 64:4
H ot Powell, E 23:2, S 137:6. W 27:6. N 69, E 4:4,
N 6S:fi; $3200. i • •
German Savings and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothin. lot on NW line of Natoma street,
113:6 SW of First, SW 23:6 by NW 75; $10.
Clara H. and Henry F. Blanchet Jr. to Fritz
Draeger let on E line of Glrard street, 175 S
of Dwight, S 5U by E 120, block 11, Paul Tract
Homestead; $10. ..
Hans A. ana Johanna M. Thompson to Miller
& .Lux (a corporation^, lot on N line of Sixth
avenue. "100 W of K street, W 100 by N 100. block
PS, Central Park Homestead; also property In
Alameda County; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles Camden to Henry J. Rogers, lot on
E line of Linden street. 60 N of Eighth. N
SO by E 125, block J, Market-street Tract, Oak-
land; J10.
Alexander and Catherine E- Donaldson to G.
Pasanatto, lot on S line of Benton street, 165
E of Grove. E 40 by S 135, lot 21, block 3,
McKee Tract. Oakland: $10.
W F. and Effle L. Kroll to William R. Bat-
ten, lot on NE line of Clinton avenue, 492.80
SE of Mathews. SE 50. NE 132.47, NW 50, SW
132.41 to beginning, lots 53 and 54, block 1, map
of East Oakland Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Bernard McGlnnis to H. D. Rowe. lot NE
line East Fifteenth street. 100 SE of Eleventh
avenue SE 50 by NE 100, block <7, Clinton,
East Oakland: $10.
David Symmes (single) to John P* Beckett,
lot on NE corner of Telegraph avenue and Ed-
wards street. E 100. N 80, W 104.2, S 80 to
beginning, being lot 2 and S portion of lot 1,
map of Pacific Theological Seminary Tract,
Oakland: $10. . >^j
J. F. and Sarah J. Cross to Emilia Thuotte.
the E 10 feet of lot 25 and W 30 feet of lot 21,
block C, Gaskill Tract, Oakland (to correct
deed of June 1, 19C0); $10.
Mary E. Dean to E. A. Heron, lot on N line
of Eighth street, 200 E of Union, E 33:3 by N
87:10. block 64S, Oakland; $10.
Wilhelm Krieger to Fredericka Blume, lot on
N line of B street, S3 E of Haven. E 25 by N
100, being subdivision C of lot 1. block 802.
Watts Tract, map 2, Oakland;- also lot on N
line of B street. 183 E of Haven, E 50 by N
100, being subdivisions B and C of lot 12. block
' 802, same; also lot on SE corner of Haven and
B streets. E 197:6, SW 271:11. N 1S6:6 to begin-
ning, block 789, same; grant.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Mary
E. Dean, lot on NW line of. El Dorado avenue,
513 SW of Bayo Vista, SW 63, N 150.83, E 30,
S 131.75 to beginning, being lot IS, block E,
Linda Vista Terrace, map 2. Oakland: also
lot on NW line of El Dorado avenue, 57S SW of
Bayo Vista. SW 15, N 115. E 10, S 110.83, being
the E portion of lot 17, block E, of above
tract; also the E 10 feet of lot 32, block E,
of above tract; $10.
John Cosgrove to Margaret Cosgrove, lot on
NE line of East Twenty-second street, 100 SE
of Seventh avenue. SE 50 by NE 150, block 137,
Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
Caroline and Michael F. Kilkeary to Louisa
Wlsslng, lot E line Eleventh street. 213.90 S
from S line of Berkeley Railroad right of way.
E 100 by S 37:6, block 26, Beaudry and Peladean
property. Oakland; $10.
Pacific States 8. L. and B. Co. to Matthew
R. Lyle, lots 1 and 2. block E, Anspacher
Tract, being a resubdivislon of Haywards Tract.
Haywards. Eden Township; $10.
R. J. Montgomery to Antonio Lucio, lot on
N line of Forty-third street. 223,24 E of Linden.
E 33.33 by N 100. : block 2097, Alden Tract at
Temescal. Oakland; $10.
Paul M. NIppert to Annie McNellis, lot .on S
line of Sixtieth street, formerly Benton. 415 E
of Grove, B 30 by S 135, block 3, McKee Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Carroll C. Holmes (single) to Lizzie M.
Holmes (wife of Thomas), lot on S line of
Jones street, 380 W of Telegraph avenue, W 30
by S 100, corrected map of Jones Tract, Oak-
land; also lot 20. block 175, on map of subdi-
vision ot lota 12 to 14 and portion of lot 11.
corrected map of Snyder Homestead Tract,
Berkeley: also lot on W line of Oakland avenue,
80 N of Blanche street, W 132.5 by N 4n, block
T Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township: $20Oi).
Hartland nnd Ida Law to L. H. Sly. lot on W
line of Fulton (street, 95 S of Durant avenue.
S 75 by W 125. block 14, College Homestead
Tract. Berkeley; $lp.
J and Sadie Armstrong to Grace G. Rich-
ards (wife of Robert C). lot on E line of Spring
.street. 493 S of Vine. E 140 to point of besln-
ning. thence E 160. N 42. W 160. S 42 to be-
ginning, block 3. map of property of Berkeley
View Homestead Association, Berkeley (to cor-
rect 710 D. 247): $10.
William H. Rockmann to Anna Rockmann,
lots 9 and 10. block 9, Allendale Tract. Brook-
lyn Township: $10.
Conrad Hlldenbrandt to Mary E. Boehmer
(wife of Fritz), all interest in lots 1 and 2.
block 20. North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Town.
Bhlp; $10.
A. S. and Sell na'F. Woodbrldge to Herman
Hertsel. lot on NE line of Glen avenue, 100.29
SE of Short street, SE 100.29 by NE 110.25, being
lot 8, map of Bond Tract, Brooklyn Township;
f300.
¦ James H. and Man' A. Cory to A. M. Scoon,
lot on W line of Schiller street, 65 S of Rail-
road avenue, S 60 by W.108, block 30, Stewart
Tract, Alameda: $10.
Adam T. and Harriet H. Green. Joseph R.
Walker, Mathew H. Walker and A.'T. Suther-
land.' as assignee of Adam T. Green (Insolvent),
by W. S. Harlow (commissioner) to - L. H.
Fnrnsworth. lot N. line Dwight way. 175 E of
Bowditch street. E 127.41 by N 270. block 8,
College Homestead Association Tract. : Berke-
ley; J0J04. . ,
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Grace E.
Forsythe. lot W line Harper street. 100 N of
Woolsey, N 35:5 by~AV r 122:4, block 6. Central
Park Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Charles -W. Heywood to Samuel Heywood,
undivided half Interest in following: NE cor-
ner Bristol and First streets. E 2'0 by N 300,
block 71. Tract B.- Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; also lots 6.,
7 8. 13 to IS and fractional lots 9. 13 and 14.
block 72, Tract B of above tract. ; Berkeley;
also fractional lots 4 and 5 and E half of frac-
tional lot 3, block 90, tract B of snme, Berkeley;
also beginning nt R' point in line of ordinary
'high tide, 100:S S of Delaware street, thence
W on a line parallel with Delaware street if
extended • W to the water front line,' thence 3
to a point 100:8 N from North University ave-
nue if extended *W to water front line; thence E
100:8 N frnm North University avenue, thence
N to beginning, excepting that portion : con-
veyed to ¦ Joseph Hume by deed - of November
is. - 1RS2. and described a* follows: East First
Btreet. 100:8 Nof University avenue extended
W thence " N . 311 :4, . S W 1300. W 1500, S 200, E
J420, E 1S50 to beginning, subject to certain con-
ditions, Berkeley; $3. .. ¦ .
Home Building Company f (a corporation) to
ZILa R. Olen. lot 02, Forest Park Tract, Brook-
lyn' Township: ?io. . .
San Francisco Savings Union to Daniel J.
Hnd Martha F. O'Neill, lot 22.. block ll, amend-
ed map of Central Park. Alcatraz* and New-
bury stations. Berkeley; $250. •
Same to Charles IL - Ehlert. '. lot on W line
of Louisa- street. 1M N or Rose. >J. 50'by W
135, r a- portion of .lot 8. map of property of
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley; $10.
Manuel It. Duarte to ,D.i Sternseher, . lot 2,
map of Duarte .Tract, Brooklyn -.Township;
crant.- ¦ . . .
¦ D. Sternwher or Stermsher • to Manuel S.
Duarte, Jot 10, block 1, maj> of Berthier'a Addi-
'iiHHimynii uf i>t i iiii Mf 1 in i'h i\[i\rtv\i\uiiut\w)\iw ifnir
DIED.
Allen. Joseph E. ' Keneally, Florence
Broder, Mary Kreshel. Martha E.
Brown. Emma L»vy, R. H.
Caccia, Maria V. AIcCrosBen, Fanny
Cbrver. Louise M. Macdonald. Mary R.
Casassa. Amelia Morehouse. George F.
Damner. Lttlle "Murphy, George
Dorgeloh, Claus Phillips,' Thomas
Dunn. J. J. • Smith. George T.
Fallon. Peter Solomon. Simon
Godsil. Timothy Turnblad. John A. E
Hegan, Samuel J. Weller, Samuel B.
Hons. Julius • Zimmerman, Mrs. C.
Hughes, George V.
ALLEN— In this city, June 7. Joseph • Edmund.
Idolized son of Declan nnd Mary Allen, and
brother nt Ri»b*>i-t J. Allen, a native, of San
Francisco, aged 13 years 1 month and 22 days.
ETFrlcnds and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:3a o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1350 Folsom street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn rcijuiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
BHODRR-In this city, June 6, 1900, Mary, be-
loved wife of C. I). Broder. a native of Wash-
ington, D. C, need 30 years.
E7"The funeral will take place^thls day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 489 Eddy street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets, by 11:30 o'clock funeral
train from Southern Pacific Company's depot.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, June S. 1900, Kmma
Brown, dearly beloved eist€T of Robert,
George, Walter, William and Alice Brown, a
native of San Francisco, Cal., Aged 17 years
10 months and 10 days.
CACCIA— In this city. June 8. 1900. Maria Vi-
vace Caccia. beloved daughter of C. and T.
' Caccia, and sister of Rose and Klla Caccia.
a native of San Jose, aged 5 years.
(CTFripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), 'at 1:30 o'clock, from hor parents'
retidepce. 3 Delaware court, between Powell
and Mason streets, off Sutter.
CARVER— In this city. June 7, 1900, Louise M.,
beloved wife of the late Rev. Wayne Carver
and mother of Frank M. Chapman, a native
of New York, aired Co years.
CTyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from ttie Central M.
E. Church, Mission street, near Sixth. Re-
mnins at the Deaconess' Home, 613 Haight
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CAPASSA— In this city. June 8,' 1900, Amelia,
beloved dauehter of Madalena and the late
Charles Casassa. and sister of Charles, Fred,
Adelaide and Iz.ibelle Casassa. Mrs. Mary
Caldeion and Mrs. Clotilda Amiot. a native ot
San Francisco, aged 2$ years.
lC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 ' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 514 Greenwich street, between Dupont
and Stockton. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.
DAMNER— In this city. June 8. 1900, Lillie. be-
loved wife of S. Damner. daughter of Julius
and Sarah Stamper, and sister of Mrs. H.
Katz and Max, Julia, Henry. Jacob, Etta ami.
Rvsalyn Stamper, a native of New York.
DORGELOH— In this city, June 8, 1900. Claus,
dearly beloved husband of Martha Dorgeloh,
and father of Anna. Tlllie. Carl and Freder-
ick Dorgeloh, a native of Drei. -Amt Syke,
Germany, aged 55 years 3 months and 8 days.
A member-of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5, K. of P.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
DUNN-ln St. Helena, June 7, 1900. J. J. Dunn
of Berkeley, father of Mrs. C. H. Vaughan.
and grandfather of Nora, Harold. Mary and
Myra Vaughan. a native of New Brunswick,
a^ed 61 years 7 months and 9 days.
(T^TFrlends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock. In the chapel of the
Odd Kellowb' Cemetery.
FALLON— In this city, June S. 1900, Peter Fal-
lon, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
ICyRemains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Gur.tz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10 City
Hall square.
GODKIL— In this city, June 8. 1900, Timothy,
husband of Margaret Godsll. and father of
Thomas. Charles and the late John Gcdsll, a
native of Ireland.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunduy), at 9 o'clock, from his late?- resi-
dence, 2911 Harrison street, thence to Kt.
Peter's Church, Alabama and Twenty-fourth
streets, where a high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock sharp. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit fiowerB. , *
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.— Officers
and brethren are requested to meet to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, at 2911 Harrison street,
to pay the last tribute of respect to our de-
ceased brother, Timothy Godsll.
THOMAS RYAN, M. W.
D. McSWEENEY. Recorder.
HEGAN— In this city. June 7, 1500, Samuel J.,
beloved son of the late Samuel and Catherine
He&an and cousin of J. J. Riordan and John
Clifford, a native ot San Francisco, aged 21
yeirs and o months.
fC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth,
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
'where maps will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HONS— In Alameda, June 6. 1S0O, Julius, be-
loved brother of Henry Hons, a native of
Twendamm, Dorum. Germany, aged 27 years
6 months and 10 days. A member of Germania
Club and Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 194, 1. O.
O. F.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Union-square Hall, 421 Post
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of the Germania Club, commencing
at 2 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. June 8, 1300, George V.
Hughes, a native of New York, aged 44 years.
KENEALLY— In this city. June 8. 1900, Flor-
ence, youngest and beloved daughter of
Thomas and Mamie Keneally. and siBter of
Lilly Keneally, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 10 days.
KRESHEL— In this city, June 8. 1900, Martha
Ellen, beloved mother of Arthur Ferdinand
Kreshel, a native of Springfield. Mass.
tC7"Friends are' respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the California
I'ndertaklng Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, June 8, 1900. n. H. Levy,
beloved husband of Yctta Levy, and father
of Mrs. A. M. Salinger of Oakland. Mrs.
Frank P. Jacobs a 'id Miss Harriet Levy, a
native of Prusslt. iged 74 years.
EPFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence.
i>yi O'Farrell street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
McCROSSEN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. June 8, 1H0O, Fanny McCrosscn, a native
of Illinois, aged 40 years.
MACDONALD— In Oakland. June 7, 1900. Mary
Raymond, beloved daughter of Donald M. and
Kate A. Macdonald. sister of Willie F.. Don-
ald A. and Margaret G. Macdonald. and niece
of J. P. liurk, a native of San Francisco, i
Jt^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 67S Thirty-fifth Btreet, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated tor the repose of hor
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MOREHOUSE — In Oakland, June R, 1900,
George F., beloved husband of Minerva More-
house, and son of Mrs. Annie J. Lambert, a
native of Martha's Vineyard, Mass., aged 42
years 4 months and 2 days.
(TJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166,
F. and A. M. Interment I. O. 0. F. Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY — In Lorin. June 7, 1900, George
Murphy, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Murphy, and beloved father of Daniel
H., John J. and Katie Murphy and Mrs. J. Q.
Raphael, a native of Black. Rock. County
Cork. Ireland, aged 73 years.
C7"Interment private.
PHILLIPS— In this city. June 7, 1900, Thomas,
beloved and devoted : husband of Mary Phil-
lips, father of Thomas Phillips, and brother
of James Edward, Alice. John and Annie
Phillips and Mrs. J. Riordan, a native of San
Francisco, aired 23 years. ' v :' ; r. -_¦
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1306 Folsom street, thpnen to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
jCross Cemetery.
SMITH— June 7, 1000, at rest. Oeorge Thomas,
beloved husband of Fannie C. Smith, a native
of ' Vallejo. Cal. (Vallejo and Napa papers
please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(f-unday). at'l o'clock. . from hl» late resi-
dence 110 Liberty street. -Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
6OLOMON-In this city. June 7, 1900, Simon, be-
loved husband of Julia Solomon and father of
Mrs M H. Pchwarts and brother of Sol Sol-
omon, a native of Fellch. Germany, aged 52
years C months and 21 days. .•• -
JSJr Friends and acquaintances are,,,,re8pect-
fullyinvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:43 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1514 O'Farrell street, under the
auspices of Fidelity Lodge, F. and A. M.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:80
o'clock train from ' Third and Townsend
streets. .
TURNBLAD-In St. Helena. June 8, 1300. John
August Edward Turnblad, beloved son of John
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln Hcbool. ,
- Telephone South £0.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
COLMA. San Mate o Co.
OFFICE. 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
PERSONALS.
Ai.L lartics having shares in the Sutro Rail-
pad not sold to the Sutter-street railroad
address B-ix S'KS. Call. i
00 to lederj:"k; ~
The Popular hairdresser:
he has b-Jt one price ar.d always
pives you the very latest styles.
55o l«'5 Quintrnica hair tcrclc. 35c bot..
ni'.d r.amo Shampoo, ."c pks.
O. LEDBREB.1 m STOCKTON. ST.
1 SK Lfllte \\>l.b*s soap. ma<> from California.
oUve r:'.s i root* and h»rbs; 10r at drucsists;
a^my mav.tfd. lift Stevenson. b*>t. S & 10 a.m.
HA R Al.TfilB positively cared. a!so nervous,
rk'.n lu*-;: .'iscases, rheumatii-m nfEifica-
tir>n and Miff j-.intt-: no drusrs- no kr.ifp. DR.
I.. J. hTP.ATTON. C07-HB I'?rrott bide, over
Emporium. San Krancjsco; ccisfultation ire*.
J-'IUVATE detective wnrk: reasonable rate?: 10
>««rt' ex|«-rienc». J. IV. RAT. 3o" .T<>s«ie Ft.
DOCTOH r»r.« position as assistant to physi-
cian; most niaUe expenses. B<>x 4'J-JT. Call
nfCce.
ELECTRIC lights in every ror-m— Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third Ft., near Market: V<0 rooms;
He t« *1 SO per ritrht: $! SO to J". p"r w»el:;
•r<-« -ru* nrifl Kicpttge t" and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for tl-.e NHW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
IN'CJ: nil rfispasps are curable: WITHOUT
nnCGR. WITHOUT OPKUATIONS: conyulta-
tion free. DR. WM. BCHMITT. £27 Tott st.
AN elejxant «i!t for tlO 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. I.KMO?. 1117 Market St.,
li»tTCpen Eerectfa and Eighth.
UIFR BHELOOSC, chiropodist- and magnetic
treat m<?:it. S..V' Market ft., second floor, rm. 37.
G. I>. MOnsnTTiioinsxapher. 2604 Pacific ave..
between 3'icrce end Scott; j.hcne Stelnpr 33?1.
IF you vri^h full value for your cast-off clnthinp:
cr-'.I rn-K. COHEN. U7 Third; tel. Black <l-'3.
I-AT'I^.*' and ner.tr' carton* clothlnp: b^iiRht and
«•:';¦!. S:!vpr::ian. i-M Folsom. tel. Fo!«om 1101.
FTXL»DRESS and other suits bought: ali'i old
ircM. Portland I,can Office. Z» Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled cr waved by Uflng Tal-
cott'* Curling Fluid; 23c bottle; druusrist*.
CAST-OFF clothing:. oM cold and silver bought;
st-r.4 yot-tal. COLSMAN'C. 5C>5 Kearny st.
A WIZKK'S news Tor 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1* f»gw. In wr*rr.er. fr-r na'lbc. SI rvr year.
PHOTOUIIAIMIIC SUPPLIES.
WK Joan kodaks free; photo Fuppliet. Iiackus
nurtir. ii Geary i<t.. rround floor.
riIVSIClA!VS AND SlUGKOAS.
m. C. C. O'DONNKLL— ornc? and residence.
l'?m Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
1CA1. ESTATE CITY KOIl SALK.
Large lotsT ron salb f at >a"? baboain!
On PRHCITA AVE.. opp. HOWARD St.; SOx
123". or will subdivide.
VOKK AND TWENTY-SIXTH STS.— N. E.
IMIUU. MxlOO; cr wjil tubdivlde and sell single
lots at $U.V). • -
GITEREERO st.. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teenth— Ijot 45x75: good place for flats. Other
h'vjs»s end lots m all parts of the city. See
dot printed lists and apsly to C. S. CAPP &
«"O_. n*>al Estate Ag'fflf. 630 Market st.
MOPEEX houses ar.d flats bulit at lowest
prlce^: plar.j and e«tirr.at>s furr.'.shed for all
Lulldir.p work. CAMPBELU 1147 Mission 6t.
MARINE view: superb; Pacific Heights lot.
THE McCAKTHY CCf.. M6 Market St.
HEAL ESTATE COI.VTIIY — For Sale
KH ACRES: under culti\-ation: best land; 53
acre* in {Train; 7 ecros in apples, balance.
l>otatoes and pasture; I stations. *j and 2
in'!""" out: 2 dwellings, barn and 12 outbuild-
Isss; horpey. cattle, chicktns. machinerj'.
b'ASOOs; a!! fir<t-rlaf=s; |75Q$>.' Particulars by
J. L. JAKMAN. Owner, Aptos, Santa Crur
l nmrty.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEBPXKG.
A. VEST. €. OS Oeary, near Fillmcre— 3 sunny
r.ir»-;y furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
Ht'«'HAXAS. C^. cor. Fell— Bunny bay-win-
d'-w and kitchen, furnished, housekeeping;
stove; M2.
CHESTS VT. Tsil! North Heach— Furnished
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view; eunny.
EDDY, fit— Nice sunny connecting: rooms; fur-
r.i'hed: no children: private residence.
FILLMORE. CIS, near Hayes— 1. 2 or 3 sunny
housekeeping- rooms; German private family.
FOI^SOM. ZZf — Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold "water; range.
FOL60M, Hi— Large sunny bay-window room;
ktxetea; closets; bath; everything private;
$3 week.
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; uijeo sinffle rooms.
HOWARD. 704— Nice, sunny furnished rooms
for housf-keeiiing; rent cheap. ':"-'.-• I
HYDE. V'i- — Sunny front parlor, with kitchen
compete for housekeeping. J1S. j
JES.-IE. 2T3, near^Fifth and Market-House-
kefpinr rooms. $9.
MARKET. 1T3S, bet. *th and 9th— 3 sunny un-
fi:i-nished front rooms, $15; 2 furnished, JS.
m£SI02ff. 1121— Nice housekeeping rooms; suite
(it single; ti up; no objections to children.
ilOSP. 13. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 3
room furnished complete for housekeeping.
NOE. 151. near Marke-t— 2 sunny bay-window '
rooms, modern fiat, for housekeeping; $12.
OAK. 115 — Laree. sunny basement room, fur-
r.!&he<i for housekpir. ; yard, range, storage; J6. ,
FIXTH. 42 f i — Bay-window housekeeping suite,
tU; running water, bath; other rooms.
FITTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn. |
fi-.cif-. fuif's; also housekpg; term* reasonble. j
TV. O fjany front rooms, kitchen and bedroom,
Jumirhfd complete for housekeeping; furni-
ture all new; ii 75 p«»r week. Apply at shoe j
Mr.re, 642 Mi**if>n St., bet. lFt and 2d ets.
T^^¦ < » sunriy room* for housekeeping with sink !
and running wuter; reasonable. Apply S23 j
Howard rt.
VAN NESS AVE.. lf.^3— Punny front suite; 3 j
roorr.f and kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH office {or Call advertisements and j
robKXipdora has b«en established at 10% Va- ',
U'Tiris. St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and i=ubseriptlon« i
T*rt-,\f<\ m call branch rfflce. 22(H Fillmcre st. !
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Infurn. j
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14« Sixth^Rocmg \
T5c to $1 per nipht. $1 25 to S3 per week, and
lisht hcusekeepin*; open all night.
IJOHFMIA. 235" Po*t-Fur.ny corner suites to j
pent l«?me-n and families; reference* given; ele- I
x-ator; all conven'ces; turirts accommodated, j
ETHXETT. 142C Market «t. fold No. 13Ct)— Fur- j
nifhed rtrjF.. sultep. single; also unfurnished. ;
CLIFFORD. ?>4 Ellis, cor. Ma«on-F.!"gsrit]y i
furnished funny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 792 — Nicely furnished room; elr-FCt. gras, !
bath: allow lijrtit housekeeping; reasonable, j
FF.I L, IZi— 3 rooms and bath; rent with gas. i
**¦ j
KOLPOM. S«5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
tunny corner rooroe, suitable for doctor.
rOLSOM. SST. cor. Cth <The Ollver)-Newly fur-
r.ifhed eunr.y rooms, single or suites; reascnbl. ,
GEARY. 405 CThe Navarre)— Elejrantly furnished
room*: suites or single: tra\*elers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh !
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or j
single; lakes' parlcr; reading room ; elevator, j
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission Bt.— Select j
. farr.l'.y rooming house; tl 60 to *8 per w«»k. I
HARRISON, 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur^ i
nishf-d Funny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL Francl5'-o— Elepant mlte«: ringle; tr?n-
-I^nt: Iwths. MRS. KIXG. Turk end Taylor, j
HOWARD. F?5-Rooms from II veek up to U; i
V>r to $1 night; alro housekeeping rooms. :
LA R KIN. 1C27— Flat of 3 handsomely furnished i
roomn for !!rht housekeeping; bath: $14.
MINNA. 667, x»r. Eighth— New furnished bay-
wlndow rnntn. tl per wr-ek; transient.
MISSION. U14 ncxr. 11th— Bright sunny room;
private family; 1 or I gentlemen; tl M week.
NATOMA. 71*B— 3 Iarjre rooms to let; eunny
Bide; rent ??. ' J
NCW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market— Nic*ly furn.
rrrs.; S-'c night, up; %Z week, up; transient.
O'FAItnELI^. 26— Sunny furnf«||ed nx>mi and
officr*: elevator; electric lights; day,' wk * mo.
rOWrXL, 121-LlRht. clean rras.. eultes or sin- |
jfje; transiont; running water: rates reduced.
ItO.SKDALE FfotiM. ZU and 321 Ellli" «t.— rtoom?. !
nleht. 2ic ta tl; week, tl S to $4; open night.
nnrAl7"liOUPE. IM Ellis st.— ilicand«ccnt I
light, rcisiirR room, smoking room and ladies' J
parlor; rocms. p^r nisht. 35c to $1 DO; week (2 (
tq {*: month. fS to trO: elevator on office floor; j
room* with hot and cold water; bathn. * ..'¦ {
F1JERMAN Apnrtmcnt IIou»e. 71 Eighth St., j
near Mcrk p t— Furnished and unfurnished. i
SIXTH. USA, cor. Minna— Sunny cor. bay-win- j
dow rms.; alco%'e; clr»et; $2 Ui and J3 week. "
¦IXTHKN'TH, 29C2. near Howard— £!njrle fur-
nifhrd »M-dn«im. $4 month.
Tim OAKS, 115 Third-A gortf rooming house
f:rr rood people. Tl. HUGHES, proprietor. •
lUriK, li:n_T^ars:e nicely .furnished room; prl-
vfiie j am I ly:- ri-asoiiable; references required.
L'l.AhSTFIET 1 * a<5\-ertiscments and subscriptions
rr ceived nt Call branch ofllce. 2W0 Fillmore »t.
A URANCH r.rf'ce for Call advertisements and
rubwriptlcna has been eetablinhed at 1CSS Va-
ROOMS AXD BOAHI).
CALIFORNIA. 807— An exc'eTTe^^portunitFto
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates: special rates families: sunny rms,
en suite or single: best table In San Francisco.
MARKET. 1C«A <Ifotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with first-class board; double, $10 wk.; single,
$25 mo.; modern; elevator: tahl« board. St wk.;
meals. »c MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
THE BRADBURY. MM California— New modern
family hotf-1.* excellpnt table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderates phone Hyde 2771.
XiAS PA1.VAS. 1F20 Markef EL-Sulte of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath; Fin. rms.: board optional.
ROOMS WANTED.
I TWO adults wish 3 larsr* and 1 small (one
; front) tinfurnicshod rooms for housekeeping,
btttreea Franklin. Stockton. Pin? and Mc-
AUteter Ets. ; private family preferred: per-
manent: references. Address 1615 Devlsadero
ot., etp.tinp terms.
EIXOLE centlon-.an r,f regular habits desires
comfortable lodgings in«rrivate family; local-
i ity nest of Franklin and north of Clay St.;
] prffers f> f;irnisli apartment him«»lf; refer-
encr*. Address box S!?4. Call office.
-"7"'~". 8l ' E "^"^* o "^-v
NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
j Catholic Orphan A?ylum since January. 1S99:
' Elizabeth Ault. a«ed 10 years; Margaret Ault,
I S years; Hazel Wilkie. 10 years; Lydla Wil-
| kie: 8 year*; Ruth Wilkie, 7 years; Irene
! "\ia!a>z. *!• yean-; Loretto Duran, 7 years; Mad-
i eline lV.iran. 6 years; Ray Croall. R years;
I Otilla Bar.k, 6 years; Gertrude McClellan.
S years.
'¦ PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
j box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
l.iics v.ithcut fail, no matter of how long
| standing. 1C?S Devlsadero «t.. near Sutter.
! DAD tenants ejected for tl: collections made;
! city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
I > CO.. 413 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
i ROOMS papered from J3: whitened. $1 up:
' painting done. Hartraan Paint Co.. 319 Third.
j SEWISGJJMACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES!.
ALL kinds boujrht. sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. PInmboek. 1915 Mission, r.r. lrth.
i RENTED, reiiaired. bought, sold; machine fup-
j piles. Standard Agfncy, 14j 6th: phone Mint 45.
! ALL kinds bought, scicl. exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rate*. 2C5 Fourth st.
STORAGE AMJ WAHEHOVSES.
1 BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 712 Mission St.,
| tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
! Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
1 PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SVI'I'HES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
! sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53G California, telephone Slain 266.
| ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
i ¦
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
! fioftO — TWO weeks only: cottage, 7 rooms, 3 in
'¦ basement: lame lot; see this; it will cost noth-
| ing. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park Bt.
i fllOO— CHOICE corner on Sherman St.. near the
' bay; 60x180; great bargain. E. D. JCDD &
! CO.. 1424 Park Ft.. Alameda.
j IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains: one-fifth cafh; bal-
ance in 1, 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
| CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 papes. sent to any address In the
| I'nited States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
I BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
i — —
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
! FOR sale — No. 6097 Occidental nt., corner Slxty-
; first. Adeline station. Berkeley: an elegant
I modern, new house, 7 rooms and basement;
"French range"; stable; iron fencing; Patton
sidewalk; lot <;xlOO; 1 block from station;
$3100.
iFRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ : — '¦ —
FnriTVALE nEAL ESTATE.
HYDE St.. near Pe-ralta ave.— Lovely home of 6
rooms; all modern Improvements; sun all day;
lot 75x100; beautiful Garden: fruit trees; 2
I blocks from electric cars; murt be sold: make
I offer. Address F. T. P.. owner. Frultvale P-O-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
j OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th St.,
i East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
! chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. > 1112 East Slx-
i teenth St.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— Jit); 4-roqm cottage, basement,
chicken house and yard: lot 164x110; city water
Included. R- J. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thir-
teenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished. Including piano, subur-
ban home of 11 rooms; horse and cow; stable;
nice garden: elegant view; can be had for
four months at $40 per month. Including
water. Apply aft6 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
MONDAY. June 11. IKjO. Transfer books will
close on Monday. June 4. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
ps.ny. Con. — A dividend. No. 18. of
•seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the is-
eued capital Btark of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California st., San Francisco, on
June 11. 1S00. Transfer books close June 4,
iyo. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
pealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at ita office, room 13, 820 Sansome at.,
Han Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. June 2J, J950, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies tor- the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad
ftation Yountvllle), for six months commenc-
ing July 1, i?oo. and ending December 31, 1900.
Schedules with information and instruction!
: for submitting bids will be furnished upon
; application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
is In accordance with such schedules. Each
Mdder must accompany hi* bid with a certl-
j fied check upon some well-known and re-
! sponslble banking bouse for at least 10 per
I <e:n of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Mason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the
Md'icr will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. , The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
I tlty over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. KCOVILLE. Secretary Board
1 of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
. fornia. room 1?,, S21 Sansome Bt., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By ord»r of the Board of Dlrec-
t"rs. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses vfere issued
yesterday:
Ferdinand Carstensen 34. Crockett, and Ot-
tllie Schach. i6, city. * "«.v«
Ji hn H. C. Leffincwell. 23. 205 Valencia street
and Annie Kays, 38, 20; Valencia street ' '
William II. Lewis. 21. ES3 Arkansas street
and i;aml<» V. Silva. J9. 42S Church street
William Wieboldt. 24, 2342 Twenty-third street
and Marie NI*?u»tadt. 21. >37 Suttee street. '
Dr. Andrew J. Powell. 36. Haywards, and An-
nette S. Mast, £3, Haywards.
Ztrk Abraham. 3S, 242 Post street, and Flossy
Blnke, 27, 717 <3old«i.Oatp avenue.
Walter M. Grady, 21, Fresno, and Catherine
E. Coleman. 21. city. ,.i .-.
eirths— Marriages— deaths-
Birth, marriage and death notices »ent by
mail will not bq Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BORN.
ROSSI— In this city. June 7, 1S>00. to tbe wife
of Antonio Rossi, a daughter. •, |i
G. and Sophie Turnblad, a native of San
Francisco, aged il years and 4 months.
GT Notice of funeral hereafter.
WELLER— In Oakland. June 6. 1900, Samuel
Baker Weller, husband of Drusilla A. Weller
and father of Samuel B. Weller Jr. and step-
father of Mrs. Lillian A. Neault and Mrs.
Carra M. Cook, a native of Ohio, aged 79
years 3 months and 4 deys. (Ohio papers
please copy.) , - •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, S7S Fifty-ninth street, Oak-
land, thence to Odd Fellows' Crematory, San
Francisco, al 2 o'clock. Services under the
auspices of Berkeley Lodge No. 270, I. O. O.
F. . /
ZIMMERMAN— In this city. June 7. 1900. Mrs.
Catherine Zimmerman, beloved mother of
Nicholas, Joseph and Augustus Zimmerman.
Mrs. Marcy. Mrs. Metz and Mrs. Thorp, a
native of France, aged 83 years and .13 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 731 Pine street,' between Stockton and
Powell, thence to the/French Church of Notre
Dame des Victoires/ where services will be
held for the repos^ of her soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.^
tlon of the Jones Tract. Brooklyn Township;
also air Interest in agreement made by Manuel
S. Duarte with D. Sternseher and A. T. Green,
dated August 4, 1S96, and recorded in 596 D.
405 (quitclaim deed); grant.
Builders' Contracts
A. B McCreery (owner) with H. L. Petersen
(contractor), architect Albert Pissla— Concrete
work for building on N line of Sutter street, 2a
W ot Powell, XV 25:3 by N 87:6; $1293.
George P. Allen (owner) with Frederick Mil-
ler (contractor), architect August Nordin — All
work except plumbing, painting, plasterlnc,
mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a three-
story frame buildinpr (flats and stores) on NE
corner of Fulton and Devisadero streets. N
62:3«A. E 87:6, S 62:4%. W 87:6; $11,650.
Same owner with R. Zelinsky (contractor),
architect same— Painting, etc., for same on
same; $1035.
Same owner with J. F. CheesewrlRht (con-
tractor), architect same— Lathing and plaster-
ing for same on same; $1300.
Mrs. Margaret Granville (owner) with James
J. Manseau (contractor), archi$£et David C.
Coleman — All work for a two-story and base-
ment frame bulldlnpjjn S line of Waller street,
"0 E of Pierce, — 25, S 90, W 23, N 90, Marion
Tract (hospital lot). Western Addition block
— — " ***S73Edmund Brown, the colored lad arrested
for passing a bad dollar upon a bootblack
last Thursday, was released yesterday by
United States Secret Service Agent Ha
zen. Several street car conductors were
taken to the prisoner in the office of the
United States Marshal for the purpose of
identifying him as the man who passed
bad dollars upon them, but while he look
ed somewhat like the man wanted they
failed to Identify him.
peared with Stokes* overcoat In hl3 pos
session. Stokes reported the matter to
the police and Officers M. Brady and "W.
Dinan recovered the coat and arrested the
teamster last evening.
been nearly a year without a command and
was somewhat despondent in consequence.
Coming when he had Just completed his
first voyage as master of a fine iron bark,
when his salary had just been raised,
when his wife was recovering from two
serious operations for appendicitis— in
fact just when all his troubles seemed
over the news that he had taken his own
life constituted a mystery that no one
on the front could fathom.
Thursday morning Captain Morehouse
was laughing and joking with Captains
Perriman, Ersklne and McCulloch. At
that time he did not seem to have a care
in the world. Yesterday morning when
he left home he was in the same cheer
ful frame of mind, yet an hour' and a
half later he had died by his own hand.
Captain Morehouse's first command was
the old brig North Star. He made a
number of trips in her and then took com
mand of one of Nick BIchard's ships. Af
ter a few voyages to South and Central
America he was given command of the
clipper ship Dashing Wave. He was in
her for years and made some of the best
records on the coast while in command
of that vessel.
After sailing the Dashing "Wave for
many years Captain Morehouse decided
to go in for steamboating. He was made
chief officer of the City of Puebla by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company and
later was transferred to the Corona. Fi
nally he came to the conclusion that he
was not cut out for a steamboat man so
he resigned from the,Corona. A year later
he was made master of the bark Diamond
Head. He arrived from Honolulu with
her on May 31 and after being released
by the quarantine officer she was taken
to Oakland to discharge her cargo of
sugar.
Scene of Captain Morehouse' s Death Aboard Ship.
Ladles', tailor-made - suits, silk .skirts, fur
capes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutler. •
The Grand Jury expected to get through
with its ;final report at yesterday's ses
sion, but Captain of Uetectives Seymour
brought up a matter that occupied the.
whole afternoon. The jury found nothing
in the case. A special meeting will be
called, next .week some .time, when the
work ¦ of the body will be closed Up and
the final report and petition for discharge
presented to the court on Friday. .
Grand Jury Working on Final Export.
' . Jack Van tier Bergen and li. D. Stokes,
two ¦ teamsters in the employ of Gray
Bros.; roomed together at Sixteenth street
and Hardy avenue until yesterday morn
ing-. • At that time Van der Bergen disap-
Took His Friend's Coat.
$1 50 misses' kid shoes for 50c a pair at
the Beehive Shoe Co.. Til Market st. •
Merchants' Association Rsview.
The Merchants' Association Review for
June contains the annual report of the
Board of Directors of the association,
"an appeal to butcners" by Richard T.
jjaccus. a report of the sixth annual
meeting of the association, an article by
Marsden ' Manaon on the topic "How to
Improve Hill." and an address
by the association to the Board of Su
pervisors concerning tho utilization of the
sweepings of Golden, Gate Park as fer
tilizing material.
If you travel, fish, hunt or play golf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
Hicknum'and His Shotgun.
N.'.H. Hlckman. the lumber dealer
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon for" threatening to shoot three
deputy poundmen with his shotgun be
cause they seized two of his pet fox-ter
riers, was set at liberty by Judge Mogan
yesterday. The Judge held that the
charge could only be exhibiting a deadly
weapon in a rujle and threatening manner,
and If the prosecution cared to do so a
warrant could be sworn out for his arrest
on that offense.
Fire Board Again' Sued.
A second suit- to j compel the Board , of
Fire . Commissioners to revpke the con
tract awarded to John O'Rourke for shoe-
Ing: department horses was filed yesterday
by J. F. Kennedy.- Kennedy alleges that
the board ' acted unlawfully In awarding
the contract to O'Rou<-:;e.\
Ledgers. Patent-back Blank Eooks bound by
us are all ripht. Myf=ell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. ' •
Sons of Vermont Social.
The Native Sons of Vermont gave an
entertainment, social and dance at Odd
Fellows* Hall last evening. An enjoyable
programme was rendered, the first part
consisting of a fancy dance by Miss May
Maloney: soprano solo. Miss Annie Roney,
and a Piano and banjo J duet by Miss
Emma Hicks and George Bramhall. "The
Milkman's Bride." a comic operetta, com
nipted the programme. It was well acted
and sung by Miss Edith Welch. Miss Nel
?|° Minna. James O'Donnell. Dennis
Scheerin and J. W. Griffing. Miss Welch
is to be congratulated on a pretty turn for
comedy and a clear, flexible soprano
voice which, however, is in need of com
petent straining. James O'Donnell made
an excellent Tosser. After the programme
dancing was Indulged in till a late hour.
OAKLAND. June 8.— The name of John
IX Davie Is being mentioned for the Dem
ocratic nomination for Congress in this
district, and some of Mr. Davie's friends
aro working fiuitc earnestly in his be
half. Mr. Davie was given the Demo
cratic nomlnantion for Mayor during the
last municipal campaign and seems to
have cast his lot with the Democratic
party, in which he has considerable
strength.
Hiram Luttrejl. an Oakland attorney,
has been a candidate for the 'Democratic
nomination for some time. It looks as if
this place on the Democratic ticket will
bo sought by several men.
DAVIE MENTIONED FOR
CONGRESSIONAL HONORS
The prospects of an early break-up of
the Ice in Bering Straits are not good and
the chances are that from fifteen to twen
ty thousand gold hunters are now aboard
ships in Dutch Harbor and UnalasRa
awaiting an opportunity to reach Nome.
Advices from Unalaska dated May 17
state that there -was an unbroken barrier
of Ice clear across to the Siberian coast
and that navigation was Impossible. The
British steamer Alpha reached as far
north as latitude Cl degrees 30 minutes
and then had to put back to Dutch H*ar-'
bor. The passengers were almost In a
state of mutiny, and In order to keep
them quiet the Captain had to start out
again on May 9 in search of a passage
to the goldfields.
On May 11 the steamer Portland arrived
at Unalaska. Four days later the schoon
er Kodlak and steamer Albion put in an
appearance, and on May 17 the steamers
I>ora and Thrasher anchored in the bay.
By the end of .next week nearly every
•steamer that has left San Francisco and
Seattle should have reached Dutch Har
bor, and if the ice has not broken up
there- will be some lively times among
the fleet. There Is no doubt whatever
about the richness of the Nome, Golofnin
Bay and Cape York, but even now there,
are more men than can get work, so what
will the state of affairs be ¦when the fleet
with 23,000 men aboard reaches the scene.
A well-informed shipmaster 1 writing from
Unalaska says that the scramble to get
h«me will be even, worse than the ruEh
to get north. ;
Big Overdue Fleet.
A'essels from the islands are - making
very long voyages and every day there
is a crowd of people on 'Change asking
if such and such a vessel has not been
heard from yet. The ship Emily F. Whit
ney Is now out thirty-four and the bark
Hadyn Brown thirty days from Kahulul,
the schooner O. ¦ M. Kelloeg Is twenty
nine days out- from Mahukona and the
schooner Alice Cook Is twenty-nine, ship
E. B. Button twenty-five, schooner Transit
twenty-live, schooner Helene twenty-two,
bark J. C. Pfluger twenty-two and bark
cntlne W. H. Dlmond twenty-one days
from Honolulu.
Over the safety of these vessels there
is very little anxiety, however.' but tho
Prospects of Early Arrival
of Argonauts at Nome
Are Poor.
ICE BARS THE
WAY OF EAGER
GOLD-HUNTERS
Street-Sprinkling Contract Let.
The street sprinkling contract was let
yesterday by the Board of Public Works
to the City Street Improvement Company
*t the rate at 2GVs cents per thousand
lineal feet. There were two other bids
presented, but both wore too high. The
contract is for one year and covers Dis
tricts 1. 2, 3 and 4. John Tuttle. the sec
ond lowest bidder, entered a protest to
the award, claiming - that his bid was
really the lowest. Tne contract amounts
to about $17,000.
people are wondering what is keeping the
schooners- Americana, and Mizpah. The
Americana left Caleta Buena with a cargo
of nitrates on February 23, while the
Italian ship Francisco Ciampa did not
leave Iquique until April 8. The Ciampa
arrived in port on the 3rd inst., but noth
ing has been heard from" the' Americana
since she left Caleta Buena. The Mizpah
is now out eighty-four days from Central
America and nothing has been heard from
her since she railed from this port. She
left San Francisco for Amapala on De
cember 15 last rnd started for rjome again
on March 18 from Punta Arenas.
Schooner Prosper Returns.
The little schooner Prosper is once more
In port. Captain Ryfkogel reports that
the vessel sprang a leak during a north
wester and he had to come back, for. re
pairs. The Prosper left here for Cape
Nome on May 29. She was fitted out by
a party of young men who were eager
to reach the gold fields and make a 'for
tune. When the schooner got outside it
was blowing a gale and instead of mak
ing any headway the little craftvwas
driven back and finally her crew ran her
Into Santa Cruz for shelter. There Cap
tain Helander left her and Captain Ryf
kogel was sent down to take charge of
affairs. He brought the Prosper back
to San Francisco and she will now go on
the drydock for an overhauling.'.
Hegistry Granted to Foreign Vessels.
Collector of the Port Jackson' has re
ceived a telegram from the Commissioner
of Navigation stating that Congress pass
ed an act on the 6th lnst. authorizing tho
foreign built ships Star of Italy and Star
of Bengal, owned by citizens of the United
States and cftizens of Hawaii, to be regis
tered as vessels of. the United States.
These vessels were not included in .the
list of vessels, granted American registry
by the act (which takes effect the 14th
lnst.), providing for a government for the
Territory of Hawaii.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Amazon was released
from quarantine yesterday. She arrived
here from Kobe-on^May 2S and was com
pelled to discharge her rock ballast before
Dr. Kinyoun would allow her to dock.
The Kosmos liner Luxor will sail for
Hamburg via Central and 'South Ameri
can ports next Monday., She takes away
an unusually large cargo of wheat, flour
and beans.
The Mall steamer Mariposa came back
from the sugar refinery yesterday. The In-'
ward .cargo was quickly discharged and
work of loading her begun. Captain How
ard says he will have her ready to s^ail
next Wednesday and she will leave on
time if the English mails are not delayed.
Fred Robin' of Colma- will not' sample
an unknown patent* medicine again. in a
hurry. Somebody gave him | a small I vial
of a cough cure with instructions to take
a drop every, hour. , Frefl was going down
town to be gone ten hours, so he took
ton drops nnd started. .-: At the corner of
First and Mission streets he became.vio
lently sick and had to be hurried to the
Harbor Hospital. Dr. treated
him for poisoning and In half an ; hour
had him all right again.
The oldtlme schooner Sophie Sutherland
has been turned Into a whaler and started
north yesterday en a hunting and trading
cruise. ' • " ;. '
SOUTHERNERS HAVE A
HAMMER OUT FOR PHELAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELAS. June 8.— The breach
that occurred two years ago In the State
Democratic Convention Is likely to prove
fatal to the aspirations of I James D.
Phelan. who seeks to pro as delegate at
largo to Kansas City. While the attitude
of Los Angeles and San Diego delega
tions, with 102 votes, is not fully defined,
knowing ones assert that the Southern
California delegates are a unit for Sen
ator White, and that he is not favorable
to Phelan. Should White throw his influ
ence toward Phelan. the statement is
made that the delegations from the south
land will join the Budd-Ralney-Harney
forces and -urb the Phe an ambition.
This combination is a retaliation for the
methods pursued by Phelan In throwing
Sown Judge Hughes after San Diego
helped seat the Phelan delegation.
OAKLAND, June 8.— Captain George
F. Morehouse, master of the bark
Diamond Head, committed suicide
by shooting himself in the head this
morning in his stateroom on the vessel,
which is lying at Long Wharf discharging
sugar from Honolulu.
The body was found stretched across
the bed in the room. A pistol was clutch
ed in the dead mariner's left hand, and
there was a bullet hole through his head.
The weapon must have been placed in the
captain's mouth when the shot was fired.
Deputy Coroner Quellen, who took
charge of the body, found nothing among
the dead man's effects to tell the cause of
his suicide, and the statement sent
from his residence in San Francisco did
not clear the mystery. According to the
statements of men aboard the vessel, Cap
tain Morehouse left it yesterday afternoon
to go to his home. 1344 Hyde street, to
visit his wife and daughter. He remained
there over night and returned on the first
boat from San Francisco this morning.
He went directly to the vessel and to his
stateroom. About 8 o'clock the cabin boy
went to call him for breakfast and found
the captain dead.
In the light of the Morgue deputy's fail
ure to find any cause for suicide, a sus
picion arose that tnere might have been
foul play, but this was dissipated by
Deputy Coroner Quellen's statement. lie
said:
Did Not Get Ship He Expected.
"Captain Morehouse undoubtedly -killed
himself. The pistol was gripped tlgrhtly
ln his clenched left hand. He was a left-
handed man. The bullA was fired into
his mouth. There was nothing in the
shape of letters found save one from the
captain's wife written while he was at
Honolulu and telling of her Illness. That
had no bearing upon the cause of death."
Captain Morehouse was a native of
Massachusetts. 42 years of age. He was
a son of John Morehouse of San Leandro.
Deceased was a member of Excelsior
Lodge of Masons of San Francisco.
The wife of Captain Morehouse. who be
fore her marriage was Miss Minnie Cor
bett, was so badly shocked by the news
of the death that she had to take to her
bed again. She insists that the captain
was murdered.
The mother of the deceased, now Mrs.
Lambert, lives at 316'4 Devisadero street,
San Francisco. His brother-in-law. Will
lam Corbett, is cashier of the Selby
Smelting Works.
The probable cause of Captain Mor?
house's de"ath came to light at the inquest
held here to-night. AV. C. Corbett testified
that the deceased had been troubled with
insomnia and some of the dead man's
friends said he had been greatly disap
pointed at not having received the com
mand of one of Goodall. Perkins & Co.'s
ships. He had expected this position, but
learned only yesterday that another man
had been named, they testified.
A verdict of suicide while temporarily
Insane was returned by the Coroner's
jury.
San Francisco Friends Shocked.
The suicide of Captain Morehouse was
a startling surprise to his former friends
and associates on the water front in thi3
city. Had he committed tne rash act a few
months ago they would not have been so
much" surprised as he had at that time
to secure some daring plumbers with a
courage equal to a desire for business.
Yesterday nearly twenty-five men en
tered Chinatown to erect a crematory for
the destruction of garbage. They were in
tho employ of \V. W. Montague & Co..
who hold the contract. All of them
worked during the day and passed out on
Pacific street In the evening.
Last evening the Board of Health got
another idea in regard to the electric
light men. and the order went forth that
none of them should be allowed within the
barbed wire. This was all right until the
ligfcts of Chinatown went out. and there
being no expert available to fix them the
section ran the remainder of the night
with gas, kerosene or candles.
Having closed out the electricians an
other order was issued that practically
restores all the passes the board ordered
taken up two days ago. It was announced
that every one who had been inoculated
and who had a certificate certifying to
that effect, countersigned by the Chief of
Police, could go through the lines and
come out again. This puts the quarantine
back to the point where It was when the
merchants raised such a protest on the
ground that it had leaks.
BAKERSFIELD, June S.— S. J. Quint,
acting assistant surgeon of the United
States Marine Hospital, arrived here to
day and assumed authority as sanitary
Inspector of the city and vicinity. He will
inspect all trains arriving from San Fran
cisco, ¦whether regular or special, pri
marily for evidences of bubonic plague.
As most of the southbound trains reach
Bakersfleld during the night Dr. Quint's
duties will necessarily cause considerable
annoyance to the traveling public.
Republicans are making ready to hold a
prnr.d ratification meeting on Thursday
evening, June 21. The National Conven
tion will assemble in Philadelphia on
Tuesday, the liah lust. It is expected
that President MeKinley -will be renorn-
Inated on Wednesday, and that the can
didate for Vice President will be named
not later than Thursday afternoon. Many
expect that the ticket will be complete
\Te<lr.esday evening. To guard against
j rrmature action the Republicans have
decided to designate Thursday evening
as the time for ratification meetings
throughout CaUforr.la.
The Union League Club's committee on
political action met last night to con
eider the advisability of holding a great
meeting in this city, under the auspices
cf th« club. Among the commltteemen
present were: A. G. Booth, president of
the Institution: Tirey L. Ford, chairman
cf the coEuaitte«; Dan T. Cole, J. M.
Glcaves, Colonel J. C. Currier, Alden An
derson. Jacob H. Neff, George H. Pippy.
6. J. Hendy. A. S. Mangrum and Colonel
George Stone, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee.
When the proposition was advanced to
hold ihe ratification meeting under the
auspices of the club Colonel Stone out
lined the r<!an of the State organization
and expressed the hope that the Union
League would join hands with the com
mittee of whlcn he was chairman. The
discussion called forth a statement from
A. G. Booth that the Union League had
resolved to take an active part in the
Presidential campaign — that the sentiment
cf Its members in favor of active and
earnest work in the Republican cause had
been vigorously expressed. President
Booth, however, was willing to Join
hands with the State Central Committee
to make the ratification meeting on
Thursday evening, June 21. a success. It
was then resolved that the league and
State organization should unite their
forces to make the first meeting- of the
campaign a great demonstration. In due
time speakers will be announced
The ITnion league Club yesterday de
rided to give a. public reception. to M. M.
Kstf-e. who was recently appointed United
States Judge for the District of Hawaii.
It was considered that Judge Estee's ca
reer in the club, his many years of active
and tamest service and the interest
•uhlcli he manifested in the welfare of the
Institution entitled him to special recogni
tion. The reception y.- ill be non-partisan
In character. .Leading citizens. Demo
crats as well a8 Republicans, will be in
vited to honor the Judge. The Federal
and State judk'.ary and lawyers generally
•will b<* largely represented. A time to
suit the convenience of Judge Estee will
be designated.
Alden Anderson, president.- and Al Lind
ley. secretary of the State League of Re
publican Clubs, arrived in the city last
evening..
The Republican County Committee will
meet at Shiels Hall this evening to fur
ther consider flans of district organiza
tion.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee will soon prepare a circular letter ad
vising active work In the registration of
Ilepublican voters. It is deemed essen
tial that attention should be immediately
piven to this subject. The law requires
new registration throughout the State for
the general election next November. As»
all votrrs must register p.n^w. It is recom
mended that the duty be performed at
once, so no question can arise regarding
the right to vote at the primary election
on the second Tuesday of August.
Joseph S. Sp.'ar Jr.. Surveyor of Cus
toms. San Francisco, and delegate to the
¦Republican National Convention from the
Fourth Congressional District, will leave
the city to-morrow forenoon for Phila
delphia. Mrs. Sr-car will accompany him
on the trip. Before returning to Califor
nia they will visit Boston and other places
on the Atlantic coast. " ¦ " , ,
The imjirefslon that Marion de \ rles
will be appointed 1,'niUd States General
Appraiser has been made stronger by the
action of the Senate in declining to con
lirm the appointment of Bynum of In
diana The impression now amounts
to * belief in will informed politi
cal circles that the Democrats must
put forward a candidate other than
t>" Vrios for Congress in thf Second Dis
trict. It is an admitted fact that E>e
Vries was popular, her.ee there was no
ru«h of Republican candidates to run
asairm him. The inside inu-Uigence that
tio will not be in the rare brings to the
front quite a number of Republican aspi
rants The best ported politicians incline
to the belief that Colonel K.- A- Forbes
of Marysville. chairman of the late con
vention at Sacramento, will get the Re
publican nomination.
If De Vries Is Appointed Appraiser,
Colonel Forbes Will Probably
Bun for Congress in the
Second District
Joint Action of Republican
State Committee and
Union League.
GREAT RALLY TO
OPEN CAMPAIGN
FOR McKINLEY
The inevitable is happening and scandal
is rising out of the quarantine of China
town. It was reported at a meeting of the
Chinese Merchants.' Exchange last Sun
day that for $10,000 the quarantine would
be raised and a large amount of goods,
arrived from China and held under sus
picion and for fumigation, would be re
leased. Part of the money was raised
and word was brought back to the go-be
tween that the remainder would be forth
coming, but by that time the scheme had
fallen through and' the Chinese were told
that It was too late, that matters had
gone too far for a settlement and the
quarantine would have to stay.
The offer came the day after the second
quarantine had been put in force. It was
brought to the merchants by one of their
number, described by the Chinese Consul
as one of "the first merchants of China
town." He told the members of the ex
change that he had been approached by a
man, whom he would not name, who
made the proposition to raise the quaran
tine for a sack of good red gold. And to
make the merchants secure in anything
they might do to raise the money, It was
stipulated by the proposer that there need
be no pay until the quarantine had ac
tually been raised and the goods in de
tention on the wharf had been let go free.
Would Put TJp Blackmail.
To merchants suddenly shut out from
lucrative trade the prospect was alluring,
for it seemed to reduce to a certainty the
loss the plague scare would bring upon
them, and the Chinese have always been
keen business men, preferring a cer
tainty to a chance at all times. The prop
osition was therefore received and a list
was passed around to see what prospect
there was of raising the money. The list
showed conclusively that if the offer had
been made in what might be called "good
faith" there would be no difficulty in find
ing the money, for right there in the meet
ing $7000 was promised.
There was no effort to canvass the dis
trict or to see any one not at the meeting.
The list was simply passed around and re
turned to the president with the subscrip
tions upon It. It was evidence that the
Chinese had faith in the proposition, in
famous as it was on its face, and that
they were willing to back their belief in
the story brought to them by one of their
number with their * coin. There was no
question of the morality of the transac
tion. What the merchants wanted was to
get out of their plight and then consider
the morality, If, indeed, they had not for
gotten it by that time; and so they sub
scribed their money as good white citizens
would subscribe for a Fourth of July cele
bration or to help keep out the plague.
The action of the merchants was re
ported back to the "promoters" and the
next day, Monday, or the Tuesday fol
lowing, the answer was returned to the
merchants that it was too late to continue
negotiations and the deal would have to
be called off.
Consul Investigating.
The truth of the proceedings before the
Chinese Merchants' Exchange is vouched
for by Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul. He
does not undertake to say who the pro
poser of the scheme is, but the matter is
being investigated. It was thought at
first that some one was trying to play
the wily Chinese merchants for guileless
children of trade, but the proposition that
there should be no money paid over until
the quarantine had actually been raised
and the goods under detention had been
released lent to the scheme a semblance of
authenticity; besides the man who made
the report to the meeting was of such
standing as to carry weight enough to
balance $7000. The matter is being quietly
worked up with a view to using such in
formation as is gained in the suits now
pending before the courts. If the Consul
can verify the Information he has a nasty
scandal will be the result.
It was reported In connection with the
case that the subscription list was a
check for $6000 made'out to one of the
physicians of the Six Companies, who had
agreed to raise the quarantine, or have it
raised, for that amount, but at the time
the list was made out the Six Companies
had retained no physicians at all, nor did
they do so until two days after the offer
was made in the meeting of the Mer
chants'.. Exchange.
Loosening the Lines.
The quarantine situation Is at a stand
still, or nearly at a standstill, for there
are signs of loosening in the strict lines
that followed the second application of
ropes and barbed wire to Chinatown. The
first sign of weakness was an order al
lowing men of the Fire Department,'
chasing an alarm, to enter Chinatown
and after extinguishing the fire to re
turn without Interference. Then some
cUctric lights got the plague and it was
decided to allow a few. just .*i few, clec
trkiaans to enter the tabooed district and
•attend to tho elusive fluid and eet It back
upon the. wires. Then one of the water
mains burpt an'l S some men from the
Spring Valley Company were allowed to
cross the deadline with a horse and
wagon and some tools to fix the break.
And now a* (squad of plumbers, presum
ably immune, . will be allowed to scatter
themselves among the pipes of the quar
ter, fixing what they find needs fixing
and nosing around generally in the pur
suit of their craft.
Of course, all these are necessary ad
juncts to a properly quarantined district,
but the fact remains that they will be
allowed to come and go with a few min
utes in the fumlgator to purge them of all
external germs. They will not be Inocu
lated and the board cannot compel them
to be inoculated and while the fumigation
will kill the germs that may lodge In
their clothing there is nothing to prevent
some of the bacilli, should they strike
them, from entering the plumbers' sys
tems . and making themselves evident
outside the lines. No attempt has been
made to get men from the. light? com
panies, the water company or any other
of the supply corporations to take their
place inside the lines and do what work Is
necessary and no attempt has been made
joyous days of that brand of '.'dead beat" that whisks his lady
I through the park on the Sabbath behind a steed of speed and beauty,
[ and then "does? the liveryman out of his lawful charge, are over.
The Liverymen's Board of Trade., having as one of Its principal ob
jects the undoing- of this species of "doers," has. effected a permanent organ
ization, with downtown offices, and its prospectus, recently issued, sets forth
the objects thereof In detail. It reads: ..^r-
The objects of the association are to be the advancement Of the lnterents of livery
men and protection to the livery and boarding stable business of the liverymen of San
Francl3co.'
-These results are to bo attained by uniting the, liverymen of San Francisco In an
organization to be' known as the Liverymen's Beard of Trade, which shall not attempt
to classify stables or to control the price* of ; livery or ¦ boarding. It will, however,
Immediately benefit Us members by the publication Its collection bureau of a
list of bad debtors— llver>' stable dead beats-^-and also*a Hat of "bad drivers" — those that
break rigs and Injure horses through reckless or careless driving. The secretary , will
also notify all members Immediately whenever any customer Is reported as having
been stopped for non-payment of his account, thus saving loss through undesirable
patronage." ¦ •'- •'-."¦¦ .' '/..'/ .' '
; It Is also' the Intention to have the'attorney for the organization prosecute vigor
ously all 'cases ; wherein" members . receive damage to their ' rigs through ."bumping**,
by cars, and In general to look after the legal Interests of the business for. the protec
tion ot members. Also an attempt will be made to add neWjbusiness to the stables by
having coal dealers and others renting stalls or^bearding horses licensed as liverymen,
in ' addition ¦ to their regular licenses. - ;
*?A\: meeting '-of many liverymen of the city was held Thursday evening
and the following officers were elected to serve for the first year: President,
S. W. Morshead; vice president, Alexander McCord; secretary; J. M. Breen,
5Ci7; Jessie street; -treasurer, Joseph Guanasslo^ An advisory board was ap
pointed by the 'members. Those appointed v are: -James 'Hurst. -Walter
Pease, W. E. 1 Bridge and A. F. Jacobs. The board will hereafter hold meet
ings on the first Thursday of each month. , ,,
Money l*romised and Seven Thousand
Raised, When Offer Is With
drawn, With Statement That
It Is Too Late.
UGLY SCANDAL
RISING OUT OF
THE QUARANTINE
Chinese Merchants Asked
for Ten Thousand Dol
lars as a Bribe.
THE SA3 FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JTJJSTE 9, 1900.
In a Moment of Temporary Insanity, Caused by
Disappointment, He Puts Bullet Through His
Head and Ends Existence.
CAPTAIN GEORGE MOREHOUSE
KILLS HIMSELF ABOARD SHIP
Edmund Brown Released.
To Inspect Trains.
14
LIVERYMEN ORGANIZE
TO UNDO ALL "DOERS"
Thought He Would
Be Made Captain
of a Steamer, but
Another Man Got
the Place.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR
HOSIERY, CORSETS or UNDERWEAR,
It will Pay You to Drop In at
And See Their Values for
TO-DAY A.ISD MONDAY.
HOSIERY.
I.ADIES* FAST BLACK HOSE— TFhlte foot
onlr: K»m!fw; lie o«ir.
LADIES" RICHELIEU RI BBED HOSE— Herms-
dorf dye; full finish; 12c pair.
LADIES' FINE BIBBED IIOEE— Full elastic
top. considered Kood at 15c: ITc pair.
LAMEP' LI.SLE AND SILK MIXED HOSE—
rwuble heej and toe; plain or ribbed; 144c
p»ir.
CHILDKHXPFAPT BLACK COTTON HOSE;
—Double fccel ar.1 toe; all *Ises; 7H<? pair.
CHILDREN'S FIXE RIBBED HOSE — Full
Jrr.Kth; nold elsewhere at 20c; our price,
t- ; -<- rjdr.
"We will *«-il 24 A"*.hti CHILDREN'S 21-THREAD
IiinBEI> HOSE, th» kind tv-e have always
sold st 2Cc, at lfcc pair.
UNttERWfiAR.
LADIES' SLEEVELESS VESTS— All color*;
LAPIES' FINE THRKAD RIBBED VESTS —
half pleevw; mmni»r nelffht; Bold elscwnere
for ST>c; our price, 24e each.
LADIES' SILK AND WOOL VESTS - Long
iJrwes; ticht fitting: Pink. niue. Black or
V.'hjt*: sold <*ewlwre for JL&O; our price,
!»^<« each.
If vru are Jookine: for a COP.SET. come on<i
met ¦what we are offering TO-DAY and MON-
DAY In all the popular makes and htylvs.
WE GUARANTEE EACH PAIR WE SELL.
To-day we eell a FRENCH CORSET. whilt~
boneii. r*-(nilar vnlue 7r»o. at -*»•€? pair.
SPECIAL MENTION' — PULLEY BELTS, made
of No. 3 Patln Ribbon; all silk; mid cw.-ry-
where at Uy; our i'rioe to-day, 2Jic.
Onlr a f'w day* rn«jre and our LACE, EM-
imOIOErtY and KIimON sale will be at an
«*•«!. A word to the wim if «ni f ficleiit.
:f you are lnter»«te^ in LADIES' OUTSIDE
EKIRTri. WAISTF OR WRAPPERS. your
money tprnt at cur place TO-DAY Kill go ONE
THIRD further than usual.
MARKS~BROS..
1212-1214 MARKET ST./
Bet. Taylor and Jones. "
XCanufarturen) cf Indies' and Children'* Under-
wear. Sell retail at wholesale prices. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY!
FAIRBANKS' £11 3-Ib pkg... 15c
This Bargain naa nerer before been
Offered by any house la the city.
Baltimore Cove Oysters, 3 cans 25c
Extra Creamery Butter, square 35c
Market has advanced. Regular 40c.
Best asS"' Egss, doz I7ic
Guaranteed. Regular ICUc
Best Rolled Oats, 10 lbs-.... 25c
Unusual Bargain. Regular 4o lb.
Macaroni, Vermicelli, box — 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 25c.
French Castile Soap, 3-lb bar 25c
Imported (Virgin Brand). Regular 30c.
Port, Sherry, Angelica, bot... 25c
Vintage 1S02-5. Bots $100. Regular 40c.
Best Table Apricots, 2 c^; Ib ....l0c
Cutting's Packing: Co. Regular 20c.
Gliirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa.. 20c
>4-Ib cans. Regular 23c.
Choice Family Flour, 50-lb sack 80c
Regular S3c sack.
Pure Cal. Olive Oil, qt bot — 75c
Warranted. El Pearl Farm. < Regular $1.00.
Pint bot 45c. Resrular 60c.
TOURIST AND PICMC SUPPLIES.
Just Received— Full Assortment of Potted
Meats, Sardines. Pate de Fole Graa and all
Table Delicacies at Lowest Prices.
Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. "Phone S. 232. Xo Branch, Stores.
Glassware
A.t Greatly
Reduced Prices*
Come Just to See.
Great American tartim'Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORtS.
II04M Grant Ay*. (Bet. Butter and PotO.
S61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
S55 Hayes St. IIS Third St.
mi Polk st. czi Montgomery at*. -
:51« Mission St. 705 Larkla St.
tOC( Sixteenth St. 1S13 Devisadero St.
14$ Ninth St. 475 Hatght St.
:<<it Fillmore St. :;$:, Mlaslon St.
E2 Market St. K32 24{h St. !•
OAKLAND STORES.
1063 Washington Sc ea K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11SJ 23d Avt.
1S10 Seventh St. 135S Park St.. AUmtd*.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUT* GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
KROf^H Uer * » nc «s»*u» at Norn* last
t\I\UUn >*ar. Ail ethers failed. In opera.
tlcn dally. » Stevenson »t...a. V.
SAND CENTRIFUOAU PUMPS.
lACKSftN ™ ld *™*JS» n * P un >P»- »»»• only
wrlVlYJUll tnccessful pump manufactured.
C5 Sixth »t. ban Frandwo.
; COLD SAVER? —
Don t rush <¦ ft to Koine with a toy go\A gn.
mw^j e £ an iT™ the c "»nnK>n-sens« gold Saw.
JOHN M. 1IOONEY. C4 Elizabeth «?„; Cas-
tro-Kt. cars. -,
PORTABLH • OL'SES.
BCP.XIUM-STAXDEFORD CO.." Wa.hln«tcn
. «nd 1st >t«... Oakland, cr Builders* Ex. 8. T. '
MEDICIXH CASES.
FERRY DEUG CO ,,£•£•.*
Hale's. | Hale's.
i|| at Hale's to=day
' th» treat sale of enamelware still continues, the 15 to 20 per cent under regular
' nrices on first quality Roods beln* the inducement.
1 on the main floor the new productions from our own workrooms of chic neckwear
i ~m vil for popular favor with the handsome v-illngs Just received by express, while
! The inexpensive but good shirt waists and skirts will be found entitled to best atten-
?>,» host ft Klove is the famcus H. B. with overseam. while for 11.50 the celebrated
ti.» Tmivin iVvery popular, we also recommend Hale's real French kid pique jrloves.
iJLfrVm selected skins, with two meta 1 clasps, three-row embroidered backs and with
™ n-Ss-all the latest Parisian *hadlng 3 and perfection of fit jraaranteed-
dressed or suede, per pair - .*1.5©
nprkw63f
?v^.Jjnt'of the popular N'ethersole neckwear fresh from our workrooms, mai»e
of heav^ taffeta ¦Ilk "with T shaped stock-bow and tab ends-trimmed with white silk
fringe and Juby trimmins: each ; 93c
' i/>a a ,»/ oMirirpn'q fa«t black cotton hose, good heavy weight, fine rib, very elas-
' , : 5°i^neth Ixtra double h" I and toe. sizes 6 to 9'i; excellent valua; per palr...l*c
1 tlC^mllA£v?ext»hMvy blcvcle ribbed fast black cotton hose; a stocklns made
• for^u d /h Ze wearrex"a r do h uble y knee. heel and toe; sizes « to 10; per pair 19c
! TA i ~ m HnoBtPd Jaoane«e crepe, 26 Inches wide, all the new colorings and a
I zo£^Sy Z $%^™UT™*™£* neat and inexpensive mantle drape or for
, little money re-cover a screen; per yard •--• "*• .
1 KJurll^Zn^ 3 - the latest and probably the best In |»P^%TE»
1 veitlncs is the hnlr line mesh, if s a
> %^2xmj*i 'r'^v^i dalnty mK5:h in a varietv ° , p^^ er " h s^ •*&§" - s s£^
i ostricil f 8a^ 8r k° 2S
i tSiwlKS^Nli. /" the ones we ofTer ars rich and fine— V \ X*?" 7/
;£SclCsS>j?]fc??Ej3r^ bPinp rr.ade from selected feathers, they \ V>^, * "If
l^JS* s !W/?Jri\V > V^ are «nM with the jruarantee that the \ZAO • •«
1 >?&£&i MS- beautiful glossy black will not become 5£C£t- t - : i
black. 36"inches long". t $7.50 $3 and »W
black, 43 Inches long ::;Vr°° V^ 1 ??
gray, 45 inches long $12.50 to $16 >0
1.'." natural. 45 inches lonsr •"
, '¦¦: black and white, 38 inches Ion? JT.oO
black and white, 4i Inches long... »3-aO
waists and skirts
200 dozen ladies' percale shirt waists in l!*ht and dark l7*fir*a£t
colors. mad« with French or yoke back, some trimmed with l/s^'-TCfr
braid, others marie plain, all sizes 50c JaS» Vyl
25 dozen percalc shirt waists, rr.?.<5» with white yok& and >cS
new collars, all colors 75c «*-«MK^
f} dozen ladles' crash outing »kirts, trimjned down front J2+~9*k^
and all round bottom with straps of white pique, aii ;e::s^s..95e i^SB-TTSfk^.
we remove to grand new store about Sep-
present premises to rent, will subdivide to fiM A^
suit tenant, apply to G. H. Umbsen & Co. vja»