num up to the beginning , of the present
year. Then rthe San Francisco correspond
ents j were notified | that Mr. Crocker ... had
Invested $400,000 in the concern/ Since then
his interest has been increased to $500,000.
William Baehr, of A. Gerberding & Co.
said yesterday : that he did j not j think any
f erson in : Ban Francisco was much • hurt
SLOW PROGRESS MADE
ON THE ALASKA BILL
House Adopts Amendment Permit-
ting Dredging for Gold Below
Low Water on Nome Beach.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The House
practically devoted eight hours to-day to
the consideration of the Alaska civil gov
ernment bill, but progress was stow. Two
amendments of importance were adopted.
One of them authorized the Secretary of
War to Issue permits to excavate or
dredge for gold below low. water mark on
the beach at Cape Nome. The Secretary
has heretofore issued perrnUs, but the bill
as ¦ It passed the Senate canceled them.
The House, also struck out the chapter
relating to arrest and ball, which permit
ted arrests in certain civil actions. The
conference report on the Indian appropri
ation bill was adopted.
RJEFORT IS READY.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The Industrial
Commission has completed its report on
by the failure. Probably no one was in
for more than a few thousand dollars.
There has been considerable speculation in
cotton here, and also in stocks, by men of
wealth. Possibly the total loss in this city
might amount to .half a million dollars
outside of the losses of George Crocker.
The money that Mr., Crocker put Into the
firm was cleaned up on a wheat deal. .
In addition to George Crocker there was
another partner in the house who is well
known in California. This Is Walter W.
Price, formerly a' newspaper man In this
city, who," after his experience here, went
to New York and, became a clerk in the
house. Then he was made a partner. He
was a, member : of the ; Bohemian and the
Press clubs during his residence here.
Small ' Finn Carried Down.
MACON. GaT. May 24.— Talbot & Palmer,
brokers, of this city, failed • to-day for
about $16,000. The suspension of Price,
McCormick \ & Co. is supposed to have
caused the failure. A few months ago the
firm failed with: liabilities about $S0,000.
New! England Branch Houses.
, BOSTON, May 24.— Price, McCormick &
Co.* have several branches in New ' Eng
land.. At one' time they, had a wire agency
in' this city, but of late the local business
has been transacted through various brok
ers' houses, 1 including the firm* of George
general labor laws and It will be forward
ed to Consrress Saturday. This report, it
is said, will be of as much or greater Im
portance man the report on trusts, it has
been found possible to make a number of
specific recommendations, one of the prin
cipal ones being that the labor laws be
made uniform throughout the States.
The report will contain a digest of na
tional and State labor legislation. There
will be several minority reports.
CAPTAIN M'GQWAN TO \;
BE COURT-MARTIALED
Court of Inquiry Finds That Ha Did
Not Use Proper Discretion in
Killing a Filipino.
WASHINGTON. May 2«.— The report ot
the court of inquiry into the case of Cap
tain McGovan, U. S. X.. who. it is al
leged, shot a Filipino who was attempting
to board the Monadnock in Manila Bay,
reached the Navy Department to-day.
Secretary Long made the following an
nouncement:
"The members of the court find that th«
proper discretion was not exercised in th©
shooting and that Captain McGowan was
at fault in not reporting It to the com
mand er-in-chlef. They find that Captain
McGowan made provision for the. support
of the widow and children of the deceased
Filipino. They recommend a court-mar
tial, which will probably be ordexsd."
A. Fernald & Co.. Hayden"& Sloan Com
pany, Towle & Fitzgerald. Lee. Higginson
& Co., and others. At Fernald & Co.'s
office thfs afternoon it was stated that
Price. McCormick & Co.'s account with
them was very small. .
ance, and made a profound impression.
Sebastian Laing as Calaphas, realized th«
ideal impersonation of that relentless
"priest
Fraulein Mathllde Ruitz, the soprano,
was greatly admired, and yours? Boold
shows decided promise.
;. During the afternoon performance, Herr
Anton Lang was repeatedly overcome
with nervousness, but he went through
hla crucifixion scene with perfect self-pos
session and the memorable seven words of
the Savior could be distinctly beard by
the vast concourse. During the taking
down of the Christ from the cross, the
sharp whistling of a locomotive Jarred un
pleasantly upon the ear. The scenes
throughout were beautiful.
NEW YORK. May 24.— Price. McCor
rnlck & Co.. one of the largest
brokerage houses in the city, failed
to-day, with liabilities estimated
at J13.000.000. The firm Is a member
of the Stock, Cotton and Produce ex
changes and of the Chicago Stock Ex
change, and has branch offices in about
thirty cities throughout the United States.
The failure is ascribed to the fact that
the firm was long of cotton iff the face or
a fast falling market- • A notice, on the
docre cf the offices of the company re
ferred all inquiries to William J. Curtis
sri«3 William X. Cromwell, assignees. Mr.
Cromwell said late this afterroon that It
was Impossible to make any statement at
pr^^jt concerning the condition of the
firm. The total liabilities, he said, were
about J13.W\<»). nearly all of which was
Fe<-ured. . . '*
The firm !? composed of Theodore H.
Price. V,'i:i!am G. McCormick. R. G. M.
Stewart -Wortlpy and Walter W. Price,
•with Oeorce Crocker of San Frar.cipco a
rpecial partner on an investment of v Ja00,-'
000. Mr. McCormick is of the well-known
Chicago farr.l!y of agricultural implement
fame, and Mr. Str-warl-Wortley Is a son
in-law of Rear Admiral Schley. The firm
was orgarizM on January 2, 1OT. Of the
partners, Mr. Crocker is now in Europe
and Mr. Etewart-Wortley fs on his way
back from Europe.
Not an Entir; Surprise.
Early in the day rumors were current
that a prominent firm was in trouble, and
shortly before the official announcement
of the suspension was made it van Ken
era'.ly understood that Price. MeCormiek
& Co. was the house referred to. Prior
to the formal announcement the cotton
market had broken over 2) points under
terrific selling for both accounts from all
Clrf^ctJons. The firm has long been re
garded as the leading rupporter of the
market, and at one time it was said it was
going to put August cotton up to 10 cents.
The decline of the past month, however,
was against it and despite all efforts it
could not hold the market up. Conse
quently to-day's development did not
New York Brokerage House, in Which George Crocker Is a Special
Partner, Fails With Liabilities Estimated at 1
Thirteen Million Dollars.
was followed by the closing out of the
suspended firm's outstanding contracts on
the floor of the Exchange. Up to the
close of the Exchange the dealings for the
firm's account footed up 23,950 shares.
Anzi.otxncexn.ent by Assignees. . j
Assignees William J. Curtis and William
Nelson Cromwell make the following an
nouncement regarding the failure:
To the creditors of Prlc«», McCormick & Co.:
Price, McConnlck & Co. have been compelled
to temporarily Buspend payment. We ask and
advise that creditors holding stocks, bonds and
other collateral to loans and already well
margined hold The loans until reasonable op
portunity be afforded the assignees to deal
with the same, that unnecessary loss thereby
may be avoided.
Price, McCormick & Co. had an exten
sive wire service and at times were cred
ited with doing- fully as large a business
as any firm on the Exchange. The repre
sentatives of the firm on the Exchange
were R. M. Stewart-Wortley, W. C. Mc-
Cormick and Gorge Crocker, the special
partner. Most of the business of the firm
was in the Cotton Exchange at first and
its senior member and organizer was for
merly of the firm of Hubbard, Price &
Co." At that time the older firm had a
large Southern business. The present firm
controlled much of. this Southern stock
business and. has been very active at
times in stocks favored by Southern ope
rators, although this line of trade has
been far less in volume than Its regular
commission business obtained through its
wire service to outside cities.
SAN FRANCISCO AGENTS
EXPRESS SURPRISE
The correspondents in this city of Price,
McCormick & Co. are A. Gerberding &
Co. and H.'Blum & Co. - They were great
ly surprised to hear of the failure of .the
New York house, .which was supposed, to
be very, strong financially. According' to
their advices, George Crocker,. : who . Is
abroad, is interested In Price.' McConnlck
& Co. to. the amount of $500,000. He was a
special partner, putting in J100.000 pe'r an-
Following the announcement of the* fail
ure the cotton market became panic
stricken and broke 10 to 13 points. The
extent of the decline from the highest
price of when the bull movement culmi
nated has been 122 points. The market at
IMS p. m. showed a net loss of 10 to 14
points, having .recovered from the ex
treme depression.
There. was a decline of about 1 per cent
In the standard railway shares and from
2 to 2% per cent in the balance of the list.
While the firm was also a member of
the Produce Exchange the effect of the
fa'lure there was almost wholly sentimen
tal. According to the rule of the Ex
change the announcement of the failure
come as a\total surprise, though they had
fcufflcient force to temporarily demoralize
the ttade.
¦ The player now taking: the part of
Judas, Johann Zwlnk, is very fine — a vast
improvement upon his predecessor In the
role. On the other hand,- Thomas Rendt.
the Peter of the cast, scarcely equals
Hett's portrayal. Fraulein Bertha Wolff,
as Mary Magdalene. Is striking In appear-
Frauleln Anna Flungrer. the Mary of the
production, has a fine, well-rounded face
and Is a good actress, but she lacks' the
pathos that Rosa Lang was wont to dis
play. • .-
During the Bethany scene a weird ef
fect 'was produced by the* sun : breaking
suddenly from the clouds -and casting a
brilliant beam on Christ's robes. •
day's performance progressed, his ges
tures being particularly graceful.
f~ \ BERAMMERGAU,' May 24.— The in
1-1 ltial performance of the "Passion
1 I Play," following the grand rehear
1,1 sal on Sunday, took place • to-day.
A"r The attendance was enormous, de
spite '. the fact that the day was cold,
cloudy and generally unfavorable. The
representation as a whole, accord-
Ing to- "the .- opinion of competent
Judges*- surpassed that of 1800. . Herr
Joseph Mayer, who recited the prologue,
was,- as on previous occasions, a majestic
figure. Herr Anton Lang, as Christ, was
excellent, although somewhat nervous.
His voice Is clear and his face seems to
fit the character, although not so refined
as the face of Mayer,- who was so long
the Christ of these representations. Lang,
however, showed Improvement as to-
Sun's Rays Breaking Through a Heavy Bank of Clouds Throw a
Brilliant Beam Upon theRobes oi the
VJilllbl.
CAPTURES A YOUNG ,
HUSBAND AT. A COST \
, OF THREE MILLIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call,
BOSTON. May. 2».— Another wed
ding of spring and winter has just
como to light in Maiden, .where are
temporarily residing' at .present
young- Willard H. Hutchinson, 21
years old, and his bride of 78 sum
mers, who has-a fortune of $3,000,000.
This is now all in her husband's
rame, the transfer occurring at the
time of the marriage. . .
Thrice a wife and as often di
vorced—each time from a man of
note-;-Louisa Chamberlain, recently
Mrs/ Cornelius B. Marco of New
York; le again a blushing bride.-
Mr.' and . Mrs.- Hutchlnson' were
married secretly at the.- Mansion
House. Richmond, Va., on St. Val
entine's day of this year. No one
beyond the contracting parties, the
necessary witnesses and the Rev.
Dr.; Cooper of Richmond, who per
formed the ceremony, .was present.
Each .was ¦ sworn to absolute
secrecy and until -to-day It was an
absolute secret. ;' s . ' t
Mrs. Hutchlnson was first mar
ried at the age of 16 to Dr. Fred
erick . Augustus Caldwell of this
city. Several years later Mrs. Cald
well secured a divorce. Later she
became the wife of Colonel William
Tompkins. Several years elapsed
and Mrs. Tqmpklns again became
a petitioner for the untying of con
jugal bonds! and again she was
successful. '¦ . ' .
It was not until; late In 1S94 that
Mrs. Tompklns again bowed to the
dictates of a persistent cupld, and
on December 20 of that year in the
old Hotel Brunswick, in New York,
slie became Mrs. Cornelius B.
Marco. In June, 1 1899, Mr. and Mrs.
Marco • separated, ''. and ¦ soon after
ward Mrs. Marco . obtained a di
vorce,
Wlllard H. Ilutchlnson Is a son
of Captain Allen Hutchlnson of
Montpeller. Vt.. a friend of Admiral
Dewey. He is an actor. His sister
is Katberlne Hutchlnson, also well
known In the dramatic ' world.
WEIRD SIGHT WITNESSED BY
PASSION PLAY SPECTATORS
FALL IN COTTON WRECKS
PRICE, McCORMICK & CO.
TRAPPED BY THE BOERS—The Affair at Sonna's Post March 31, Similar to
the Experience of Bethune's Horse.
MAFEKING. May 18. via Kimberley,
May 24.— The British relieving force occu
pied this town at 9 o'clock* The garrison
immediately moved out with twelve
pounders and pompoms and attacked Mc-
Mullin's laager. The Boers resisted weak-
Indian from the bubonic plague. The
Government has put into force the most
stringent preventive- measures, but fears
are expressed that the pestilence may get
among the trccps.
The Transvaal Bank has suspended gold
payments, under authorization from the
Government, requesting the acceptance of
bank notes. The institution has large
assets apparently In London. One hun
dred and fifty thousand pounds was
seized at Cape Town and twenty-five
thousand pounds at Durban. Mr. Lucan,
chairman of the London committee of the
bank, says:
"The Transvaal Government Is laying
hands on every ounce of gold it can find
in the country. The Government- has
nothing to lose and everything to gain
thereby. Financial circles here are inter
ested in many indirect' "w^ys. esi»eciallv"
as to whether the Transvaal's I. O. TJ.'s
will be redeemed."- ....
The Birmingham Argus, -which keeps
la pretty close touch with the Colonial
Office, says:
"We understand that a general election
will be ordered, as soon as Lord Roberts
obtains an additional success. The Gov
ernment will ask the country what It
wishes to do with the conquered repub
lics."
SCENES ATTENDING THE
RELIEF OF MAFEKING
PRETORIA, 'Wednesday, May 23.— An
ly for a half-hour and then fled In dteor
der, leaving their tents, wagons and im
plements. The British then occupied all
the Boer positions.
Colonel Baden-Powell gave the garrison
an opportunity to revenge themselves,
using the relief force as a reserve and a3
supports. Men and women swarmed to
the housetops, and Lady Sarah Wilson on
a bicycle accompanied the troops as far
as the Boer lines.
The town guard formed up In the market
square for the march past the relief force.
There was immense enthusiasm over the
fact that the relief of the place was ac
complished by colonials.
EIGHT BRITISH 'SLAIN "
. 11^ A BOERiAMBtiSU
BOER CAMP. VOLKSRUST.. Tuesday.
May 22.— The British crossed the Buffalo
River and were within sight of our posi
tion yesterday. They, are busy emplaclng
heavy cannon at Schoenshoogte, near the
scene of the battle on the Ingogo River
in 1SS5. It is reported that fighting oc
curred at Bothas Nek yesterday.
Chris Botha, brother of the commander
in chief, has been appointed assistant to
the commander in chief, and has given
great satisfaction. He has revived the
fighting spirit in many of the. Federals.
In an ambush between ' Nqutu and
Mount Prospect eight British were killed
and thirteen wounded. . •. . . . .-.
BOER REPORT OF THE
DISASTER TO BETHUNE
£k >«* EW YORK. May 24.— General
£\£r Jaubert on March 11. eight days
M If before his death, wrote a letter
MM to George W. Van Siclen of this
city, in which he said:
Our small but noble Christian people are at
present in a very straitened and. I may «ay,
miserable and dark condition. Driven to war
—and. I may as well say. a ruinous war— by tha
presumptuous and cverpotverlnx English Gov
ernment, to small number of Cghtlns men,
with few jruns tr.J little ammunition, did
wonders with God's help against a vastly
greater force; but the superiority of England,
by -which that power can furnish against our
two, three or four cannon twenty, forty or even
more and thousands of men against our hun
dred or two hundred, is such that any one can
already foretell, according to human nature,
what the result must and will be after thou
sands of brave English soldiers and hundreds
of valiant English officers hav« been killed
by us or taken prisoners ; that we yet in the
end will be compelled to yield before a fore*
of 1SO.0OO soldiers, with our three or four
thousand. v
And now our God' who rules heaven and
earth, has made many nations great upon
earth. Among those also is the great Ameri
can republic, the Tnlted States of America.
These powers are great. They naturally have
no necessity to yield to Eneland. The only
small Christian States upon earth are the Or
ange Free State and the Transvaal and they
will now not only be checked la their develop
ment, but will be swept from the world and
annihilated by the English overpowering force,
if it U God 1 * will, and this under the eyes
of great nations an.1 without their sympathy.
Must h be so? Why la it. then, that our
God save power and dominion to these great
nations? And how ihail their rulers answer
In the day of Judgment to the Almighty Gov
ernor and Disposer la regard to their rule- of
the nations?
Where stands the arreat American republic In
this matter? Shall it be the mean* in. God's
hand for securing the continuance and prorno
> tion of both those States In South Africa or U
its motto "Might is- right?" We expect some
thing better. Therefore our envoy, the bearer
of this, is now sent to your President and
' States and It will be a pleasure to me to be
come aware that, these envoys have met with,
success and that .*our Government shall un
this opportunity t» make Itself highly worthy
of Its vocation, to become a glory and a bless
ing In the hands of our Almighty God and
Heavenly Father in bringing peace, rest and
prosperity not only to the great state of
America but also to her little sisters In South
Africa, whose eyes are looking out and always
havs been looking out toward the example of
their eider brother. America, whose helptnsr
hand they now ask and wish to see outstretched
and for whose welfare they always shall pray
to the God of peace.
KRUGER SAYS HE WILL
DEFEND JOHANNESBURG
proclamation saying he will defend Jo
hannesburg, and calling upon all the
Boers to fight to the bitter end.
CAPE TOWN, May 24.— President Kru
ger. It is announced here, has issued a
Appeal Sent by
Gallant Patriot
to the People of
this Country*
British Triumph
Predicted by
Jodbert Before
His Death*
The stalls are attended by titled per
sonages and' the elite of London's society.
Emperor William of Germany has shown
his sympathy for the war sufferers by
"LONDON; \ May 24.— The' Princess | of
Wales *af Kensington to-day opened the
Great- National Bazaar, in" aid of the suf
ferers of the war. - The magnitude of the
present undertaking, which will last three
days, quite eclipses the similar affair held
in Juno of last year in aid of the Charing
Cross Hospital. Although much space In
the Palace Hotel has been given up to
the bazaar, the enterprise has attained
such huge proportions that vast 'stands
have been erected in adjoining grounds.
The Princess Dolgoroukl and the Duch
esses of 'Sutherland and Marlborough es
corted the. Princess of Wales through the
bazaar. The receipts have already ex
ceeded $30,000.
NATIONAL BAZAAR JN
AID OF WAR SUFFERERS
On Sunday Kalbe engaged the British
between Heilbron and Lindley. The Fed
erals had to retire before an overwhelm.
Ing. force, losing one killed and, seven
wounded.
official bulletin issued here to-day says
sixty British cavalry came Into collision
on May 20 with eighty of the Swaziland
commando at Choperos Xek. The fighting
lasted an hour. The British lost twenty
seven killed, twenty-five wounded and
eleven were taken prisoners. Twenty-five
horses, two Maxims and a quantity of
ammunition were captured. The Federals
lost one kUled and one wounded. They
assisted to remove the wounded and bury
the dead.
STEAD ON AMERICAN .
COLDNESS TO BOERS
The naval stall is attracting much atten
tion. It is filled with- models.- naval Im
plements, relics of the Elege of Ladyenalth
and books signed by: Kipling.
The bazaar, containing upward of sev
enty stalls, representing most of the regi
ments now on service In South Africa. Is
arranged in streets and forms an Immense
emporium, containing every conceivable
article t that can be offered for sale. The
Princess cf Wales, after making a tour of
the bazaar, officiated as a saleswoman for
some time at the Household Cavalry
stalls. . . .
contributing to the bazaar some royal
Dresden china and engravings of pictures
painted by his Majesty bearing the impe
rial signature and Inscribed, "For the Na
tional Bazaar. 19C0," by the Emperor him
self. He also sent a number of his own
photographs, signed and bearing a brief
sentence in German.
LONDON. May 24 — At a "stop the war"
meeting In London this afternoon "William
Stead remarked' that the Boer delegates
now, in the United States told him they
were prepared to accept peace on any
terms compatible with Independence, and
asked if It was any good attempting to
see Lord Salisbury, to which, Mr. Stead
said, he replied it was useless to do so
unless they were prepared to surrender
their Independence. So the delegates pro
ceeded to America, "where they have met
with such coldness. In officialdom as .has
excited the exultation of those who are
determined to throttle the little states to
death."
May 25. 3:35 a. m.— Lord
flr^ Rohrrts" infantry advance is de-
J laved at the Rhenoster River for I
G*teT a "day or two by the depth of the I
stream, which Is not fordable. \
The bar.ks. which are precipitous.
ore forty feet high. A pontoon and tem
porary bridge constructions are under
way.
The railway has not been damaged to
ery great extent between Kroor.stad and
Rh^nnstf-r. The Transvaalers have of
fended the Free Staters by destroying
th?!r splendid bridges when retiring to
Kroonstad. They refrained from doing
this on the retreat to Rhenoster. but now
they are destroying the railroad and
bridges almost completely north of Rhe
ooster.
The British troops are in the form of a
crescent, with the horr.s thirty miles
epart. with General French's cavalry on
the left within twenty-three miles of the
Vaal arid General Ian Hamilton's mounted
Infantry on the r'ght within thirty miles
zt the Vaal. The center of ihe crescent is ;
about forty miles frcm the Vaal. Sevent>
or eighty m'.les to the left Lord Methuen
is advancing up the Vaal.
British Correspondents Jocular.
Boer telegrams say that SOCK) British with
ten guns are rear Vreedefort, which Is
close to the Vaal ar.d close to Parys. One
correspondent refers to the advance as a
"promenade." Another describes it as a
"Boer hunt." The Free Staters are pic
tured as "bolting like hares at the first
Eight cf the British." The latter, accord
ing to the writer, do not find even women
and children, as the fleeing farmers take
their families with them in consequence
of the reports current among the Trans
vaalers that the British kidnap all chil
2rr-n over 12 years of age.
The B^er rear guard v.as composed of
Russians, to whom was committed the
task of destroying the bridges.
What the Boers are doing is an absolute
mystery. The embargo of news out of
LONDON, May 25.— The Lourenzo Marques corre
spondent of the Times, telegraphing Wednesday, says:
"According to a private letter smuggled through from
Pretoria Fresident Kruger now favors surrender on the
ground that a continuance of the war would ruin the
property of the burghers. He has thrown upon the
commandants the onus of what course to pursue.
Civilian prisoners released at Pretoria report extraor
dinary activity during the last two weeks on the railway
from Pretoria to Petersburg. As many as twenty trains
are running daily and it is possible that a large portion
have been used to move supplies northward for safety."
Escape of the Wounded Earl de
la Warr From the Battlefield
Where Bethune's Squadron Was
Captured by a Patriot Force,
Pretoria for the last twenty-four hours
has been complete. Such shreds of In
formation as the correspondents at Lou
renzo Marques hav.» picked up do not il
luminate the Boer designs and dispositions
further than that the movement toward
Lydenlurg continues and that a referen
dum on the question of continuing the war
Is going on among the Boer fighting- men.
It may be a fortnight, before, the results
of this singular vote are fully before the
Transvaal Government. If the English
view of Bo<r discouragement is one-half
right the Boers will vote to quit.
In Natal General Dartnell's volunteers
occupied Mount Prospect on Monday.
Lord Dundonald's cavalry Is at Firm
etones. near Ingope. His infantry rests at
Schoenshoogte. The names are all of
fateful memory In the first Boer war. The
British face Lair.gs Nek. where the
Boers, through the range glasses of the
British, are occasionally visible. ¦
In the march across the BIggarsberg all
the farms except one were found vacant.
A temporary . bridge hae been finished at
Wascbbank. Trains now. g-o to Dundee.
General Buller said the best way to cele
brate the Queen's birthday was to repair
the railway to Newcastle, and every man
¦was put to work.
Earl de la Warr's Escape.
Earl de la Warr. who was supposed to
have been captured at the time of the dis
aster that befell the squadron of
Bethune's Horse, contrived to escape. He
lay all night with a wounded leg behind
1 an ant heap, reaching the camp next day.
As the railway is now. open north of
! Mafeking an abundance of provisions Is
j entering the town— plenty, of flour and
| meat and a few luxuries. The telegraph
* messages will probably come from Mafe
; king direct over the northern route in a
I day or two.
South Africa has another Infliction. An
extraordinary issue of the Gazette at
Durban announces the d*»ath of an East
Invading Force Compelled to Con
struct a Pontoon Across Rhe
noster River Before Resuming
the March to Pretoria*
SWOLLEN STREAM TEMPORARILY DELAYS ADVANCE
OE LORD ROBERTS' ARMY TOWARD THE VAAL
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME^LXXXTII-NO. 186.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
GEORGE CROCKETt.KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
Judge Trask Wins in the
Contest for Grand
Prelate.
BOLLES AND BULGER WANTED.
Can Give Important Testimony in the
Case of Captain Handy. ]ij:^'±l
SEATTLE. J.Iay 24.— The presence .In
this city of Captain Bolles arUL Steamboat
Inspector Bulger of .San I"Tancisco is
urgently demanded ,by the ''. prosecuting
attorney's office In connection' with the
case of Dr. E. Jordan, who \s, proceeding
against Captain Handy of San- Francisco
for obtaining money under false pre
tenses. Bolles and Bulger are two of
the, most Important fitnesses ; for. the
State. They were subpenaed, but wired
that they could not come. The- case was
called this morning, but was . not pro
ceeded with; owing to their absence. Mf
the inspectors do not appear when called
upon again -their absence may result in
Handy being liberated.
Wilcox Was • Jealous.
SANTA. ROSA, May, 24.— The trial of
Georpe'F. Wilcox, charged: with "bavins
murdered -his wife' Ida- at I^ytton Springs,
-was continued- this morning.' ¦•¦ Evidence
was .Introduced • to .the- effect , that ¦ he was
Insanely jealous and believed that the
woman waa maintaining illicit relations
with William Stone, who at the time of
the, murder was in business here. %
Duke's Resignation Accepted by a
Majority of but a Single
Vote.-:.
Speclai Cab> to The Call and New Tork
Herald. . -Copyright, 1300. by the Herald
Publishing Company. -.
-LONDON, .May 25.— The question of
the Due d'Orleans' membership in
the St. James* • Club has been
settled. The Duke, with some show
of ffifilinsr. sent In his resigna-
ORLEANS IS OUT OF
THE ST. JAMES' CLUB
UNEARTHING POSTAL
FRAUDS IN HAVANA
Not Accounting, for Stamps
Reports Received Accusing Neely of
* and Other Property.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— According to
Information received from Havana- the
authorities- there are making progress in
unearthing frauds against the postal reve
nues/ A report has been received from
Special Agents Seyholt and Williams, in
which they charge/ Neely with not ac
counting for stamps,' moneys, property
etc., aggregating more than $65,000 There
are five counts in the charge- against
Neely. -One Involves the appropriation to
himself^pf stamps, moneys, etc.. amount-
Ing to $57,000,one for $15,000 and. one for
$300. This report will be forwarded to the
counsel for the Government at New York
TOSSED BY HIGH SEAS.
Wallft Walla Encounters Heavy
Weather Off Columbia Kiver.
PORT TO WNSEND,;. Wash.;, May 24 —
The T steamship. Walla 'Walla; which' ar
rived this evening from 'San Francisco' re
ports tho severest storm forimany- years
along the coast of Oregon; and Washine
ton-Miyhile'Cpft-.thQ .Columbia '-River* the
seas 'were breaking over her with so much
violence"that oiliwas used."- but it did riot
keep the sea from sweeping the vessel
The captain also -reports that several ves
sels were sighted off Grays Harbor lab'or
ingr heavily.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOS ANGELES.'May 24-Arrangements
have bpen made for tho funeral of the
late Lrwis Thome, who was secretary of
the Agricultural Society. It will be held
on Sunday, under Jhe auspices of Court
Los Angeles of the Foresters of America
Among the grand officers who will be
present to take part in the ceremonies will
be Grand Chief. Companion Hugo K. Ash
er, Grand Sub Chief John Heenan, Grand
Secretary John,J. Cordy, Grand Senior
Woodward George D. Goldman of San
Diego and possibl3' Supreme Chief Ranger
Judge C. P. Rendpn of Stockton, who will
represent the Supreme Court, the others
representing the Grand Court of Califor
nia. >-•*...
Mr. Thorpe was at one time grand chief
ranger of California of the order, named,
at another' time he was supreme chief
ranger aria he served a term as supreme
representative.
nia, Prinstein^of Syracuse, Reminston of
Pennsylvania.
Pole Vault— Johnston of Yale. Hoyt of
Harvard. Colman of Princeton. Horton of
Pennsylvania." Hoffman of California
Shot-put-Beck of Yale. Woolsey and
Plaw of California. McCracken of Penn
sylvania, J3oad of Harvard.
Hammer ..throw-Plaw of California.
McCracken of Pennsylvania,- Boad or
Harvard.
Th* California -boys are allin good con
dition and they are counting on winning
fifth Place.^ Considering the fact- that
there will be, about twenty colleges en
tered this, would be an excellent showinc
for the boys, i The only event we are reck
ot p }'? ~ on wln "JnR Is the hammer throw
with P.aw We also expect to get a few
places in the other events.
PREPARATIONS
FOR FUNERAL OF
LEWIS THORNE
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The candidacy
of Representative George B. -MeClellan of
New York for the Democratic Vice Presi
dential nomination. was announced to-day
by his friends In Congress. Amorijr those
who jrre nnrinsr Mr. McCleLlan's nomina
tion are . Representatives - Statllngs -nnd
I'nderwopd of Alabama, Ma.ddox and Tato
of Georgia. Cowherd- of Missourt, Bellamy'
Norton of South Carolina,' Ruppert'
Chandler, Dripprs and Fitzcerald of New
York and De Vries of California.
nounce His Candidacy.'
Friends of the Representative An-
McCT,ELI*AN FOB SECOND PULCE.
CALIFORNIA'S
PLACE IN THE
NATIONAL MEET
Berkeley Men to Compete
With Cream of Eastern ;
Athletes.
Little Hope of Victory, but the Men
From the Golden Gate Feel
. Sure of Capturing Some
of the Events.
Vale's entry this year is very small. She
will enter no m+-n in th*' l«v yard*, two
miles "and high jump. Princeton is hav
ing consib>rabje trouble-, over the entry
of Hutchinscn. Hvr hurdler. Captain
Crcpan. sayr ho needs every man, but the
baseball captain cannot see thlnps that
way. He wants Hutchinson to p'ay cen
ter fijC'id on the hall team. ! In all proba
bility he will enter in thf trial hoats to
morrow; The -stars of the day will be Cre
gan, cjifctanr-e man of 1'rtnc^ton; Kraenz
i?in. nurdiT of Pennsylvania; Pnnstein,
broad- Jumper of. Syr&cu.'*; Flaw, ham
mer throw»T of California, and Jarvis,
Kpnnt<»r.of Princeton. Th<; full list of en
tries would be too cumbersome, so I will
Ju?t five- ihe probable -point winners In
the various events: .-,-;
IW-C&X&— Jarvis of Princeton. Duffy of
Ger rgetown. Quinlan of .Harvard.
22nJ>-ara— Jarvis of Princeton. Duffy of
Gecrertown,: Boardman-of • Yale, Fox of
Harvard.— .-..«. • . •
4«0-^-*rd— Jarvis of Princeton, Long of
Colujnbia»'".Boardman of Yale, Mahoney
of Yale. •
Half-mile — Cregan of Princeton. Grant
of Pennsylvania, Perry of Yale. Bushnell
of Pennsylvania. Smith of Yale. •
Mile — Crcgan of Princeton. Grant • of
Harvard. 13ray of Williams.
Two-mile— Cregan of Princeton, Crall of
Harvard, Grant of Pennsylvania. Bray of
Williams.' • ..^«-~ . ,.r : , ..
Xiigh hurdles — KrAenztetn.of. P«insyiva
nJa»- HallowoH of Harvard, Jiutchinson of
Princeton. Addis- of*, Yale. Itemington of
Pennsylvania. •.-/.
Lpw hurdles — Kxaenzl£ In ' of. Penn3ylya-'
nla,-. Hallowell of * Harvard .'«- TyVopl^ey of
California, Hutchinfon of- Princeton. y>, .
High jump — Baxter of Ptnnsylvanla,
Service of Princeton, CarroH of . Prince
ton.
Broad Jump— Kraenzleln of Pennsylva-
NEW YORK. May 2i.-~Thr California
tra<*k Team will onmp up to New York to
mnirowand compote in the trial heats
of Hie annual' inten-oll^giatp meet. The'
class df cKampions is far above the scale
of ih'ise who have competed in past
> t ars=. Th<i appearance of the California
!•'¦>> will UJ^o aihi much interest. While
tiie team I? not l«»<>ked upo.i as bring dan
•rcttrtt*, its appearance makes the affair
a more national one. Last year Pennsyl
vania won rasiiy with a score of 57 points,
the next college Ix^irig Harvard, with &
srore of 2* points. Pennsylvania is looked
upon as v.intieri with Princeton as'a close
tocond. There are numerous cracks scat
tercd'th'roughout the Finaller colleges, and
point? will therefore I»e more scattered.
li'jFidfS those cracks th& larger colleges
have shown some wonderful improvement
In the make-up of thefr teams.' Both
} jut and Harvard have shown up wondcr
lully In their • dual meets. That the
ernaller colleges will do much to lessen
tbt score of the winner is shown by such
a man as cioudtnan of Bowdoln College.
Jn the New England intercollegiate garnets
he ran In mud iw yards -In 10 1-5 second**
and i29 yards in IZ 1-5 .seconds. He 1W"
credited with jcovenng the 4w yards iii
1) 3-5 «»co.ids.
BY /*. m. W/P%I_SH.
1 £l>»'-!al Ulfpatch to Th» Call
TEMPERANCE WOMEN
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
Interesting Papers Read and Reports
Heard at the Los Angeles .
'Convention.
•LOS ANGELES. May 24.— Mrs.- N. P. J.
Button, formerly of Riverside, was to
day elected State _president of the Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union of
California.' Mrs. Lou M. Young wa3
elected corresponding secretary, to suc
ceed Miss G. 1 T. Stlckney, who has served
the union in tbls office for the past seven
years. • Mrs. S.- W. . Plimpton of Perris
was chosen as treasurer and Mra.,Abby
Lee Button of Colton, recording secretary.
..The new president appointed as her vice
£ resident the « retiring president, Mrs
[ary A. Kenny.
Several .excellent talks characterized th«
afternooa programme. Mrs. Anna Chubb
led the responsive exercises with which
the meeting was opened at 1:30 p. m and
after the reading of the minutes Mrs.
Emma McComas read a paper on "Legis
lation." Mrs. Mary G. Tongier followed
with a talk on "Organisation." andahen
Dr. Ella Whipple-Marsh of Pasadena ad
dressed the convention on the subject of
"Franchise." •
"The work of the department of fran
chise, she said, "is to persuade all the
women to want to vote and all the men
to let them vote." ,
The Parliament held by. the presidents
of the Young Women's Christian Tem
perance Unions at 2:40 p. m: was a pleas
ing feature , of the convention. Reports
from .the:. various presidents" were given
and much discussion as to .the best meth
ods for work was held. "
Later in'the afternoon Miss Nina Cuth
bert spoke on "Physical Education." and
Dr. Rachel Reid of Pasadena told of her
work among the colored people of the city
where she lives.
The report of work among foreigners,
as given by the State superintendent of
the work, Mrs. S. C., W. Bowman of Po
mona, was : one of the most interesting
of the convention.
— •
LEONAED S. CAXKiyTS, the
Grand Vice Chancellor.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SALINAS. May 24.— The delegates to
thevPythian Grand Lodge, now in
session in this city, consider to-day
the most interesting of all the week.
More perfect arrangements and
weather for either work or play,
could not have been found. No business
was done this morning; The entire body
of visitors, Knights and ladies alike, as
well as about half the population of Sa
linas, made tho much talked of excursion
to the great Spreckels sugar factory near
this place. The party was taken out by
special train on the dummy line and was
met upon its arrival at the factory by a
reception committee headed by Superin
tendent W. C. Waters- and a corps of
guides, who showed them over the Im
mense plant and explained the workings
of the ponderous machinery in converting
raw beets into refined sugar.
• Politics are finished so far as this ses
sion of the Grand Lodge is concerned, for
by the vote of yesterday's session the
election of grand officers was made tho
special order of business immediately af
ter roll call this afternoon. The contests
are over, the former Lieutenant Governor
Jeter is grand chancellor-elect and Leon
ard S. Calkins of Nevada City is- grand vice
chancellor-elect. The next Grand Lodge
will be held in Stockton, and each of the
eight candidates for the prelacy is either
really or apparently satisfied that the
"other fellow" is elected grand prelate.
The annual mystic pilgrimage of Zerlm
Kapl' Temple K». 52, Dramatic Order of
the Knights: of Khorassan. occurred last
night, "only a 1 privileged few being pres
ent. A' number of .Knights of the Golden
Shield took degrees in the D. O. K. K.
Those who made the pilgrimage say the
affair was a great success. ' . '
The election of grand officers was taken
up immediately after rollcall this after
noon.'officers being nominated and elected
according to rank. Hon. W. T. Jeter of
Santa Cruz • was unanimously chosen
grand chancellor and , Leonard, S. Calkins
of Nevada City also received the entire
vote of the Grand La?dge tor-the office of
grand vice chancellor. . ,.;
Six men were placed in -nomination for
the grand prelacy— J. H. Liggett of Sacra
mento, S. N. Reed of Bakersfleld. Judge
D. K. Trask of Los Angeles, William J.
Beatty df'San Fraqcisco, J. Tuska of San
Francisco and Hon. B. V. Sargent of Sa
linas, Balloting continued for some time,
but Judge Trask finally won by a hand
some majority; Other officers elected
were: Grand master of- exchequer, S. G.
Little; grand, keeper 6f records and seal,.
H. Schaftner;-. grand master-at-arms,-. Y.
Newman; grand, inner. guard. C.-Verma
pon; I grand -ofitef ¦ guard, 'J. Johnson^
grand trustees— G. II. "Morrison, II. E.
Trish and M. -C.-Kirby. ¦ ; *¦ ' •' Y : : •;
•The day's events closed with. the. annual
Pythian, .banquet.'.- •.'-.-' v .•• ¦ v;,. „ '-•_•.
2- LONDON— Mrs.*? Catrierlpo Gladstone.' 'widow
of ' the ¦ late William" E. Gladstone,' has been
sick for a month past. Owlnip to her ad
vanced .age, hor sickness naturally causes
anxiety. . ,' . , .
>LO:NDOX, May 24.— Underrthe "stimulus
of the relief of Mafeking- and,; Lord Rob
erts' rapid and successful* progress, the
Queen's birthday has been celebrated
throughout the empire with, unique and al
most unprecedented rejoicing.- The two
fold nature of the celebrations gave the
occasion unusual brilliancy. The recent
demonstrations only whetted- the public
appetite for displays of patriotic feeling,
and consequently to-day was chosen for
all kinds of functions In connection with
the war and its funds. ¦
In London and' In the provincial towns
there was a tricolor eruption. Every pri
vate house was decorated with miniature
union jacks, and a picturesque carnival
procession, a mile long, of cars em
blematic of the war.paraded the northern
suburbs of London. Torchlight processions
and reviews in the garrison towns, etc
were held throughout the country. The
school children had a holiday, and at most
places there was a partial suspension of
business. The West End of London to
night was brilliantly illuminated and thou
sands crowded Ahe streets wearing pa
triotic favors.
In the House of Commons to-day the
Government leader, A. J. Ealfour, an
nounced that Lord Salisbury would con
sider a proposal to appoint a national
tnanksgiving day, with a suitable form of
prayer, in acknowledgment of God's
vouchsafing victory to tho British arms.
DEMAND LOWERING
• OF A BRITISH FLAG
Crowd of Small Boys Assail the Resi
dence of a San Rafael
Grocer. ¦ ".'•"
Special Dispatch to The Call. ... .C
SAN RAFAEL, May 24.-San Rafael has
her BadeiT- Powell no less than'Mafeking.'
All day long a crowd .of small boys has
camped on the veldt In front of Grocer P.
T. Burtchaell's krnal, on the' corner • of
Fourth and F streets, and ; from -early
morning to dewy eve the Burtchaell-fam./
lly haa rallied round the British flair
which caused the trouble and with brooms'
and other implements of war-repelled the
threatened advance of the, : j«venile Boe
sympathizers. . . ¦
•^Victoria's bithday and the relief 'of Ma
feking were the combined causes -of the
hoisting of the obnoxious standard. Burt
chaell says that although a loyal subject
Vu c .o u ld wish her Majesty had first seen
the light on the 29th of February for if
every royal birthday ia to cause a siege
of his residence once in four years will be
enough. To-night the flag*till floats and
armed sentries pace the sidewalk.
ROME, May -24.-r-There was a magnifi
cent spectacle in St. Peter's to-day upon
the occasion of the canonization of Jean
Baptiste de la Salle, the founder of the
order of the Christian Brothers, and Rita
di Cascia, a nun of the Augustinlan order.
The interior of the vast basilica was il
luminated and adorned with' magnificent
hangings and the building was rilled with
a great concourse of people, including all
the pontifical dignitaries, diplomats and
the Roman nobility. Of the 60,000 specta
tors about 30,000 were foreign' pilgrims.
Italian troops kept order in the square In
front of St. Peters, while the pontifical
body-guard was stationed within the
cathedral.
Pope Leo, attired In his state robes, was
borne on tho sodia gestatoria at the head
of an imposing procession, composed of
the entire papal court, 300" patriarchs,
Archbishops. Bishops and four Cardinals.
A roar of cheering rose from the multi
tude on the Pope's appearance, but the
applause was quickly hushed by tho
guards.
When the cortege reached the choir, the
Pope alighted from the sedia gestatoria.
took his seat on the pontifical throne ajid
the Cardinals and other ecclesiastics
massed around him. The solemn cere
mony of canonization was then proceeded
with.
The Pontiff, -after the usual prayers, pro
nounced the canonization and iintertoned
the "To Deum." At that moment the hells
in all the churches in Rome rang out, and
the Pope solemnly blessed the congrega
tion and returned to the Vatican .arriid
prolonged cheering of Ihe very large audi
ence. . ¦ ,i . ¦ . . t , . :
Two unpleasant incidents occurred. An
Italian pilgrim suffered from a slight
stroke of apoplpxy at tho entrance of tho
cathedral and t ubsenuently died in a hos
pital, and a" portion of a glass chandelier
inside the basilica fell, slightly injuring
a French woman.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The canoniza
tion of the founder of the Christian Broth
ers, Jean Baptisto de la Salle. at Rome
to-day was observed by the colleges of
Washington and Baltimore by reason of
the fact that tho fir?t foundation of the
order in the United States was made in
this diocese fifty-two years apo. A num
ber of brothers from Ammondale,' near
this- city, where the American novitiate of
the order 'stands, were participants in the
rites at Rome. The principal delegate
from America was the provincial of the
Baltimore* province, Brother Christian,
whose connection with . this coirimunity
covers many years. ''"
At the august ceremonial to-day De la
Salle passed from the state of "beatifica
tion." already accorded him, to the crown
inc glory of ".sainthood." Henceforth ho
will receive the honors of the altar, and it
Is expected that many new churches will
be placed under his patronage. A pleas
ant feature of the festivities was the pres
ence of the flower of the brotherhood from
every clime, headed by La fiallfi's latest
successor at Paris. Brother Gabriel-Marie,
whose recent edict against members
teaching the classics In their colleges
caused so much criticism that the Ameri
can Bishops tried to have it rescinded.
Their efforts failed, however, and the edict
goes into operation next year.
Over Sixty Thousand Persons, Thirty
Thousand of 'Whom Are For- 1
eign Pilgrims, Witness the
Spectacle.
POPE TAKES
PART IN GRAND
CELEBRATION
Presides at a Canonization
Ceremony Held in
St. Peter's.
REJOICING ON
TH E NATAL DAY
OF THE QUEEN
Celebrations in Every City
and Hamlet of Great
Britain.
National Thanksgiving Proposed in
Acknowledgment of Victory
Crowning the .Brit- -"
ish Arms.'" 1 <K ''"
JEFFRIES AND
SHARKEY WILL
FIGHT AGAIN
Sign Articles Agreeing to
Meet During the Latter
Part of August.
If the Sailor Is Agreeable Charlie
White Will Beferee the Battle
f<ir the Championship of
the World.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. XEW YORK, May 24.— Articles of
agreement were signed to-night by Jef
fries and Sharkey calling for a twenty
tive round bout for the championship of
the world, to take place on or about Au
gust 23 before the club offering the largest
financial Inducement. Before the articles
were signed "Tom" O'Rourke. represent
ing Sharkey, and William A. Brady, ap
pearing .for Jeffries, met at the Delavan
House and arranged the conditions to
govern 'the battle. It was. agreed that the
men should right with one hand free and
protect themselves in tne- breakaway.
They can hit in clinches until ordered to
break by the referee. Neither man . will
be permitted to wear bandages on' his
hands during the fight. Each principal
will post to-morrow a forfeit of J250O.
Bids lor the contest will close with "Al"
Smith on July 1. Each bid must be ac
companied by a forfeit of $5000. This sum
is exacted from clubs to insure fulfillment
of their contract with the principals and
is to be equally divided between the prin
cipals in the event of the club being un
able to carry out its agreement.
O'Rourke, who also represents the Sea
side Sporting Club of Coney Island, said
iie wanted it plainly understood that so
far as Sharkey was concerned only bids
from lcRltlmate athletic clubs would be
considered. He said he did not want
Sharkey to go into training for a loug
period of time and then have to accept a
small forfeit and have no fight. On be
half of the Nutmeg Athletic Club of Hart
ford "Joe" Humphreys offered 66 2-3 per
cent of the gross receipts for the match.
"Jack" Rose of Bridgeport offered 75 per
cent of the gross receipts, and said he
would deposit $3000 cs forfeit that he enn
hold the tight successfully in Connecticut.
Brady named Charlie White as his
choice for referee. *>'Rourke said that
White would suit him. but before, agree
ing on the New Yorker ho desired to
consult SharKey. If Sharkey is agreeable
White will officiate.
Should McCoy defeat Sharkey In their
contest on June 25 McCoy will take the
sailor's place against Jeffries in August.
Regardless of the battle between Jeffries
and Sharkey. the champion has agreed
to box Gus Ruhlin six rounds in Chicago
in July.
LONDON, May 24.— All England is
awaiting the arrival of Muzaffer-ed-
Din, Shah of Persia, especially
since it is understood Khadijah, his
favorite wife, will accompany him.
For suggesting how this might be done
United States Minister Browne has gained
high favor with the Persian ruler, and as
a token of his esteem has been given the
highest decoration possible for a Persian
monarch to bestow on a foreigner.
Without the companionship of his favor
ite wife half the pleasure of his visit to
i-cn a few days ago. Strange to say a
settion of the committee were averse to
accepting it, but the point, when put to
a division, was carried in favor of acce'pt
ance, although by a single vote.
"It Is difficult to appreciate the attitude
taken up by the uissentients." says th« '
Daily Express, "but satisfaction will he
general that the Duke has seen fit to ter
minate his connection with a London club
of this high character in which he coul.i
no lonper be persona grata and that the
extreme measure of expulsion. 90 likrly »
to. cau?e continental tompllcations, has I
been avoided."
Makes No Recommendation.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The House
Committee on the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position to be held at St. Louis In 1003 thJa
afternoon voted to report the exposition
bill to the House without recommenda
tion, favorable or unfavorable.
courts and capitals of Europe,' dressed as
a European man of -fashion, in which
guise the Shah, thinks she will have her
Circassian beauty less exposed to profane
eyes than in his own gorgeous native cos
tume. Anyhow, that is the only way in
which she can accompany him and so
that is tho way she will come.
The "Pride of tbg Harem" dressad in
man's clothes will certainly attract far
more attention in Parl3 ami London 'than
If she was enveloped in the bagsy Per
sian trousers and voluminous cloak and
shawl, which she Is wont to wear In her
own country.
the European courts would be lost to the
Shah. Yet Shiah law stood In the way
of his will and pleasure and forbid. Auto
crat as he is in everything else concern
ing himself and his subjects, Muzaffer-ed-
Din hesitated to violate the law and cus
toms of his ancestors, and was In great
distress of mind.
Minister Bowen suggested that knadi
jah, for the time, become a page to his
Imperial Majesty, and in that guise she
could go wherever her master went.
In the meantime Khadijah will accom
pany her lord on his round through the
WASHINGTON, May 24— The duty -of
the I7n!ted' States toward its island pof>-
FessioDB was th<^ subject of heated discus
elon in the Senate again to-day. Bacon of
Georgia -bepan an ixtended reply to the i,
rpeech of Platt. delivered yesterday. His ~4
pp^ech was largely rrjpplemertal to that
v.'hirh. he del'iTred several days ago. de
manding an Investigation of Cuban iir.an
cial affairs. His resolution, to which there |
Is little or no opposition, under the rules 1
went to the Ccismittee on Contingent Ex-|
jienses. J3acon said the great r'-rpase of I
the investigation which he proposed was '}
rot so much to entrap the manor men j
who might have stolen hundreds or thcu--
Fands of dollars, as an expert accountant
might, do, 'but to ascertain whether by
JrautTulent' contracts or other df vices 6f 1
corruption the mllHoris handled by the of- |
ticials in Cuba had been disposed. of dis- j
bosectlyM . .' , ; . . • • •-
His purpose was ti ascertain whether
these millions had been expended .hontst
ly. economically iind proptrly. even
though the books might Jjalj^nce and
showed no discrepancy, tie declared in
<*.iscus?ing the various departments of the
Cubaa Government "that the' most enor
mous salary lists were -fJiovvn that any
body *»vcr saw." The civil Salary list
clone for l*'J0 was over f£QOQflO9, which he
thought .was unparalleled. .
A<ivertir.g to the coiisirufiien- of the
military railroad a'.'injj ''the Havana har
bor. Bacon said he Ivtd ,it»arni*d that the
road <rcrt ?342.t}ll." Thif. h<'- bi-Heved. was
r.a < lorliiiaiH sum oeniandir.i? 'Investiga
tion. H<i eliufply crititiZMl. too. tho pay
ment of" Robert P. ¦Pot'u r iae A tariff ex
}<*>rt- of -TvM a' month' fljr. five months, be
rld's'SSlW as. expense money.' Ji<? desired
sximo ,to .<lirect attention -to the^' reported
fa«-t that' th^ Van Horn syndicate had
been " organized with a capital^ of, $8,000,
'¦>'. ard that Mr. Porter had pone to Ea
rope in the. Interest of this syndicate. ' In
:'smuch as t'.ie tariff on machinery and
equipment Ot railroads bad b*-^n recom
mendeC to her reduced from RHo 19 per
cent by Mr: Porter, ho b* -lievod that the
matter required ke^n and jealous -scrutiny.
At lhe Instance of Plait of Connecticut,
the resolution of Bacon was referred to
the CoDimHtw on Contixupent Kx|»enses.
{* Defends Otis.
$V*>WS tr.rn resumed his (-porch on the
Philippine question. He maintained thai
•>;«-. facts proved that the attack upon the
T"nit<-d States trooji* was not only mad«
}•>¦ Ajruinaido but had been long premeii
;atf"l.' BpOOOET d»<:iarod that "nobody but
nn •air.i-imprrialiFt. 1 wh<j by his words
r.nd actions dcrired the dishonor of his
country end the making of oamnaicn ma
terial 1:1 a. Presidential yvar. could have
m little of pood faith as to make the
\jula} charge against the President of th%
Vnilr<l Slates that !i»> had been "responsi
ble fijr thf rrecipit.Ttion.of hostilities."
In <'.t«T*uss:r.g further ajong the respon*
FibilltyTor th^'contir.uation of the hos
tilities, -Py»opi»rr quoted a dispatch from
(Jem-rc! Otis givinK' an account of an in
ter\-i£t<.5J? ;tnd_-,1:::<l with Judge Turrev
one «f .the -FHtyir.o CommiFsionere. who
rtxspesteo fliat a noutral zon«- be csiab
lisfaed J>ettrcor» the hostile armies.
"•Oenerar -Ot!« • informed him that the!
Fuggf-st'.on of the establishment of a neu- ;
tralzone «r ato armistice in the circura- !
Martrcs vro&ld have to come from Agui- ]
r.sl£o. . An .officer was sent to Aguinaldo i
by General Torres with a request that an j
armisttpo t)e arrc.nfrf-d. and for reply Agul-' j
r.alor, tent to General Otis a copy of hisj
declaration of war. ' r \
"I received <n the noon mail to-day."
continued . Spooner. "an insulting letter
from the chief of tho so-called imperial
ists of Boston, in which he denounced
General Otis as a liar."
At this point Allen interrupted to say
that jan army officer— a friend of his — had
informed him that that statement of the
interview with Judge Torres was not
true; that General Otis Ijad misrepre.
sent ed it. * / '
"An officer who charges falsehood
ssainst hJs commanding: ofheer." retorted
gpooner, "ought to make it in the open."
•' "If he fhould 'make the charge in the
open." said Alien, "his postion would be
Imperiled,"
"Well." replied Spooner. "if he told the
truth &• court-martial would, take care of
his case and of that of the* commanding
general, too. He would, not imperil his
¦office in the army of any decent govern
ment in the world."
Accuses Otis of Prevarication.
' "The way the army is run to-day," as
serttd Allen, "it- is certain that no officer
would thus imperil his position."
"Thero- never was a. time in all the illus
trious histqwr" of our army," replied
Spopner warmly, "when It was better or
braver or more honorable than it is to
day. The Senator's officer friend would
receive full protection. General Otis sign*
hi.* statements. J have 'not much respect
fo»- a man who gt>es behind the back ot
his commanding: general to malign him."
Allen— The statement made by General
Otis Ls not the truth. .
"We have had here," said Spooner, "a
statement that -the President of tho
Cnited States is a .liar: that Admiral
Dfwoy.is a liar, and now we are told that
General Otis is a .prevaricator." ¦
"HI say .simply that General Otis is
mistaken." said Allen. > .
After explaining -the bill . und ?r discus
sion ami sayliiK that it was merely a tem
porary measure to indicate that the Con.,
press was behind the President in his ef
fort to give a good government to a peo
ple 7^"0 miles away. Spooner suld in con
clusion: : • . - -
"Thp American people will *tand behind
th<* American army wherever it may be
undfr the flag." .
"Right or wrong." interjected Potti
prow. ' . .
""It v.-fll be right." ¦ responded Spooner.
•'But lhi> American people will determine
that'- question; • not -the j-S*nator from
South Dakota."
Baptist Missionary Hopes for Early
WE MUST KEEP FAITH.
Cuban Independence.
DETROIT, Mich.. May 24.— Cuba and
Porto Rico were the subjects troatp'd'of
this afternoon at the clopinp session of
the home mission department >f the Bap
tist missionary anniversaries. Rev. Dr.
H. R. Mnselcy, a missionary from San
tiago de Cuba, spoke of Cuba. He said:
Our Government Fhould keep faith with them
and wtien the proper time .comes it must keep
faith with them, and we would be rejoiced if
-the ¦ O.vernment would immediately declare
that it will turn Cuba over to its own people.
The following officers of the Home Mis
sion Society were elected: President, E.
M. Ttirpsher. Dayton: vice presidents, An
drew MeLeish of Chicago and General J.
J.' Estey of Battleboro. Vt.: treasurer,
Frank R. Hathaway. New York: auditors.
Edgar L. Maruton of Hew York and L.
• F. Rcqua of Xew York; corresponding
secretary. Thomas J. .Morgan. LI>. D.,
"tf^vr York; recording- ¦' secretary. A. S3.
Hobart. D. D., New York.
NEW YORK, May 24.— A mass meeting
to advocate "An American policy In the
Philippines" was held to-night in Cooper
Union, under the auspices of the Anti-
Imperlallst League of New York. The
speakers were George S. Boutwell of
Massachusetts, Carl Schurz and Captain
Patrick O'Farrell of Washington. Mr.
Crosby.' said in opening the meeting:
In Cuba one of our . fellow citizens from In
diana is accused of taking all the p03t»l funds
he could lay his hands on. Better the Island
be robbed by Spa'n than by an American and
a friend of Senator Ueverldgre. Were Washing
ton alive to-day he would find himself more
at home in the camp of Asrulnaldo than In the
camp of Otis. "We cannot but admire the cour
age cf Aguinaldo and his men, who have been
fightlne for over a year against tremendous
odds.
In the course of his speech ex-Secretary
Boutwell said:
Of all modern history the most disgraceful
chapter is that which the American nation is
now writing. At the opening of the last third
of this century we abolished slavery In Amer
ica and at the end 6f the century we arc
making a war lor the establishment of a »ys
t-eni of slavery in Asia. The crimes of England
in the Sepoy war, on the upper Nile. In South
Africa are trivial offenses against justice an-!
humanity when compared with the crime of
Bubjutfating and enslaving 10,COO,000 people.
Captain O'Farrell, who stumped the
country for McKinley In 1S96. -wras very
bitter In his criticism ot the President.
Should End the "War.
The meeting adopted resolutions, which,
after setting forth that the administration
has committed a flagrant breach of faith
and most seriously discredited the pro
ression and the character of the republic
in the eyes of the world, and that the Im
perialistic policy, if persisted in. "will in
evitably bring about the overthrow of our
democratic institutions." recite the his
tory of our relations with the Filipinos
and declare that the "betrayal of our
«*¦ constl tutes one of the basest acts of
perfidy and, cruel Inhumanity ever perpe
trated by any tyrant in the history of tho
world. The resolution continues:
Jlesolved. That It 13 the plain duty of the
American people to stop the bloody war against
the Filipinos, to recognize their right and title
to freedom and independence on the same basis
on* which we hav»- recognized the right of th-;
Cubans amt to withdraw our armed forces from
those islands as soon as they may no longer
tx» needed to assist and protect the p»»oole
thereof in yetting up and maintaining an inde
pendent iovernment.
Resolved. That th<» question of Imperialism
overshadows In Imrx>rtance ail other public
questions: that the approval or dtsapcrova!
of the imperialist policy pursued by the- present
administration should be the supreme issue In
the coming national election, and that all
American citizens having the good nam° ar.d
the be?t huerpsts of our country and th? in
tegrity and perpetuity of our free Institutions
at he-irt ahoulti unite in an earnest effort to
secure the condemnation of that policy and tfca
sternest possible rebuke of its authors anl
promoters by & decisive popular vote.
Spopnejy of Wisconsin Clashes With Allen in
Defending General Otis Against a
Charge of Prevarication.
DEMANDS JUSTICE
FOR THE CUBANS
Senator Bacon Insists Upon a Full
and Fair Investigation of
Official Profligacy. n
SHAH'S WIFE WILL BE
DISGUISED AS A PAGE
Rebukes the Attempt of the Government to
Fasten Slavery Upon the People of
the Eastern Archipelago.
Anti-Imperialist League of New
York Appeals for Indepen
dence for the Filipinos.
URGES A CESSATION
OF WAR IN LUZON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
2
The Shah and the L : ght of His Eyes;
THE LATE LEWIS THORNE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIBlBBllIlieilllHBlBS
! Where 1
i fa
lYour !
S _ t ag
¦Goes, s
b . 5
!• That is. worth thinking about £
j when you are looking up oil in- gg
g vestments. gj
1 If the directors and officers are ¦
B men without means or position. S
B who are probably living off the *j
| sales of stock, better leave the in- 3
1 vestment alone. trj
*2 Always consider if the men at jn
g the head of a company's affairs fa
3 are of a class who . would lend Q
3 their names to a doubtful trans- ¦
B action. You can rely implicitly B
J on the directorate of the £?
I B
a Oohir p
1 ED
[Company. 1
I EVERY DOLLAR YOU IN- g
I VEST IN ITS STOCK WILL 5
I BE ' USED ON THE COM- g
J PANY'S PROPERTY in the h
a vigorous development of its re- *3
I sources. O
I When you ara buying n
J GET THE BEST. |
I The Ophir Oil Co. |
! ?5a| RS G^O°D U im AT B lg£ 3
I GOOD JUDGMENT ami n
I GOOD MANAGEMENT can B
¦ Cr 8oo e *acres in the Coalinga Dia- ¦
¦ trict selected by our engnneer ¦
! after a survey of 11.000 acres. E
3 Stock fully paid and non- m
I assessable. "3
I OPHIR OIL COMPANY S
[ SAN PEANCISCO, OAL. g
I Rcoresented in San Francisco by S
I IP MASSIE. Mills buildinjf ,¦
! room 14. fifth floor. g
In Chicago by G. GIRLING, q
1 260 Dearborn street. m
I XOS ANGELES OFFICE— B
I 403 Douglas buildins*. B
! CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. |
pCARE nOMADS^
WE -will interest you in out- ll
fits and prices. H
MORE than that, we will |j
sell you your outfit. |j
BECAUSE we have the Lj
things you rvant and can j^
/ make the price no one &
: ELSE can touch. fo
¦BBCash sTonccm?ring with Speaker Henderson and the
members of the Committee on Rules
Chairman Ray of the House- Judiciary
Committee to-day Introduced a rule mak
ing the anti-trust ' constitutional amend
ment a special order as soon as the rule
f adopted, with a final vote on June 1 at
5 p. m. The anti-trust bill Is to follow
immediately with a final vote Juaa 2 at
1p.m.
Trusts the Special Order.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— After confer-
Bey, the Turkish Minister, called at the
State Department to-day for the first time
in several weeks, and ppent about fifteen
minutes In conference with Secretary
Hav. His call was said to be the neunl
routine of diplomatic day. and it is gath
ered that the Minister was in quest of
information as to the tenor of Charge
Griscom's note, presented by him yester
dav to the Porte in connection with the
indemnity claims.
Ali Ferrouh -Bey, Turkish Minister,
Visits Kay.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— AH Ferrouh
States court to-day to an Indictment
charging him trlth the embezzlement and
misappropriation of funds of the Merch
ants' National Bank of Rutland, of which
he was cashier.' and was sentenced to
«*>ven years' imprisonment. John C. Far
rar, the former cashier of the Waterbury
National Bank, also pleaded guilty to
abstracting $20,000 of the funds of that
Institution, and was Riven a tt-rm of six
vears. Both men were assigned to cells
fn the house of correction here.
• • •
DIPLOMATIC CALL.
Two Cashiers Who Violated "Their
Trusts Must Go to Prlsoni
RUTLAND, Vt., May 24.— Charles "W.
Mussey pleaded gnilty in the ' United
H. H. Maynard, a Prominent Drag
gist, Attempts to Kill Gil
P. Hall.
PETALUMA, May 24.— A lively shooting
astray occurred here this morning, when
H. H. Maynard. a prominent druggist.
Fhot at Gil P. Hall, liquor dealer and ex-
County Recorder. -The affair took place
In Maynard's drugstore/ Five shots were
fired at close range with a 44-caliber re
volver, none hitting Hall. The windows
and the nTate glass showcase were dam
aged. The men quarreled over personal
matters. .
Later they met on the street, but fur
ther ehootlng was prevented by bystand
ers. There have been no arrests, but It
!> feared that a further outbreak may
occur, as both men are carrying guns.
EHBEZZLEBS SENTENCED.
SHOOTING AFFRAY IN
A PETALUMA STORE
CHICAGO. May 21— This was a day of
elections, attended by extremely lively
debate in the Methodist General Confer
ence. Agents f>f the Eastern and "West
ern book concerns were named, the elec
tion for Western agents resulting In the
retirement of Dr. Lewis Curts of Chi
cago, over ¦R-ho«e management of the of
fice considerable controversy has taken
place. Following tht general plan of uni
fication and consolidation, which has pre
vailed throughout the sessions, the con
ference to-day abolished the office of sec
retary of the Kpwcrth League and re
fused to allow another secretary for the
Sunday School Union. It did, however,
reconsider its action of a week- ago In
abolishing additional secretaries of the
various church benevolences, so far as
the Freedmen's Aid and Southern Edu
cational Societies were concerned. The
debate resulting In this action was quite
bitter at times, the race question being
brought out prominently, and once in the
discussion one angry delegate accused an
other of uttering a falsehood. The con
vention at this became involved In ap
parently hopeless parliamentary tangles
and Presiding Bishop Ninde. In the after
noon session, admonished the delegates
not to turn the conference Into a debating
society. The General Conference voted to
adjourn sine die at 12:30 p. m. Tuesday
next.
At the afternoon session In Studebaker
Hall, the result of the ballot for book
agents of the Eastern and Western book
concerns was announced. Homer Eaton
and George P. Mains were re-elected to
the New York office. Over the Western
agents, however, there was a contest
which finally resulted In the re-e}ection
to the Cincinnati office of A. C. Jennings
and the election to the Chicago office of
Samuel H. Pye. for years manager of the
book concern depository at St. Louis,
»
Charges Falsehood.
Stormy Session at the General Confer
ence and One AngTy Delegate
DAY OF WARM DEBATE
AMONG THE METHODISTS
For the purpose of strategical study
General Sacharoff, chief of the Russian
penera! staff, trill start for Manchuria at
the end of the month, accompanied by
eight Rus.-i.in officers, to prepare for a
possible cur.f.iet with Japan.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 24.— A plan for
the defence of Manchuria has been drawn
up. Six fortified posts will be erected.
LONDON. May 25.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mail from Tientsin, dated Tues
day, says: "The massacre of seventy
l-.ve Catholics at Kao Lau Tsun on May
24 is ascribed to the equlvoca} attitude of
Fakas. the virtual Governor of the pro
vince of Pechili. who is accused of fa
vorirj: the Boxers.
"It is reported that General Yang Fu
Tur.g, who was pent by the Viceroy with
troops acairst the Boxers, was murdered
at an Interview with their leaders."
The United States Government steamer
Antipole, -wrecked on the northern end of
Luzon, has been raised.
Chinese rebels in South Chlr.a are arm
ing, several vessels with arms and am
munition for them having been seized.
V1CTORIA, 13. C. May 24.— The North
ern PaciJic liner Glenojjle reached here
jesterday morning, having defeated the
\ictoria, of the same line. In a race
across the Pacific. She brings news that
Russia is continuing her aggression in
Korea and reports published in the Hong
kong press state that during the
maneuvers a Russian warship tired a shot
at a Japanese ship.
A Berious rebellion has broken out in
Korea, for which Russian agents are held
responsible. It Is believed in the Orient
that Russia will offer troops to repel the
rebels and once getting a foothold in the
country will remain there. Announcement
Is made that Russia and Korea have en
tered into a secret treaty. Russla^-fcaa
met with armed opposition In Liaoyang
Peninsula, near Mouken, having seven
men wounded by natives.
SHANGHAI. May 24.— The members of
the Chinese secret society known as the
Boxers ere now. openly drilling at
Peking, and many high Mancbus, Includ
ing members of the Imperial clan, are
joining the movement, which is becoming
so threatening that the diplomatic repre
sentatives are about to take action. B. J.
i->ecologan. the Spanish Minister and dean
of the diplomatic corps, has made a de
mand upon the Tsung LI Yamen. couched
in the etrongest terms, for the immediate
fuppressipn of the "boxers," threatening
that otherwise all the powers concerned
¦would land'troops'ln China.
A dispatch received here from Korea
eays Russian troops now occupy Ma&an:
pho and will prevent the passage of all
comers over the territory in Korea
claimed by Russia, r
Russian Troops Now Occupy Masam
ph.o and Will Prevent the Pas
sage of All Comers Over
Czar's Territory.
Formal Action Taken by
the Dean of the Di
plomatic Corps.
SUPPRESSION
OF THE BOXERS
IS DEMANDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
3
V's&S^lv s*^***^ ® lir s V cc^ a^ sales will now be for two days in this week and part of the next. » -^ V^^oi}
}^«S3^ While our two days' specials were a pronounced success, we found that the time .jjpEsssB-^fe -/ifeS^^
[WOOD ) •^%^^^^^^fc iv as so liirb'.ted that many persons were deprived of 'making purchases. Although ¦ | WOOO1
Iilwl 1 fill PI P'Rlil lining; coverts in tan, summer weights; Oxford grays with vel- j * ' /KfJ^i
iifllw If kWmuvI customer's approval. All necessary repairing done free on these lJlllliil £^KFi?*v!
(HH) ill Bi |^h's5fUr#Sbl^ousers \ §M . 1BJ| _ jj||g[
>^^^^> lilllil HPiilfijI iBiuiniiiliiiii comprise all sizes. Some are gray mixed Scotch tweeds, HiiiPf liUvifi »5^»^\
wH£5/ MHil IWm meres, and still oFhers dark striped worsteds. We have sold the Wmtiu [WOOD]
2s&tzs&w\ ¦ See our window display of these goods. vKSHSflK
(WOOD) boys must have their J J°° ] wf bought f^mVb!" )^^
W^^7 Suits are made of mixed /CAMELS' hair crushers-that is tee will wash and retain the colors, Y^/]!^^o a /^%-7// [j^JSS^j
v^^^i cheviots and the patterns the name of these r^gh fin- as they are woven right into the k Y C / W^l^P a o ° o d A
\j^r^~r^^^i Ti vW Liicviuia ciiiu Hie jjaLLvriiio . ° material Vests come in string's B^ ''\r"/-^y n I" B ij^rfy'i
f^ffwl are desirable. Features are many 5 nfen we!iriUg! C Y ° U bounds of a white"or UreS ' ''^ W \/Wo^°° O °° ° Wl 'J^^ijA
iliM&Zgk braid trimmings, French CUffs, They are particularly good hats , ' WJ./£j^L ° °o \iiM&!'V
{£££*&£& whUtl^ flnH rnrH for P icnics or any trips to the The actual bona-fide retail prices gTW'O B ° o o^*^r/'/ >^SJ»^ '
(WOOD! Whistle and cord. country. You pull^the brim down of these vests are $2.00, $2. 50 and W&l a° o of I rtSSSS^
\£§&w i^m^M^^S^^ ¦ in front l .° shade y° ur e y es - Hats $3 °°- These are the real values - ° U^22E)
IjmlM We have sold numbers of mSed!" o e 2J g j;fc^n"yo" u is sol t h f e or entire IOO ° vests wiM be W^^t^ \^WjM\ i^K(«
will go at the special price Jf $| - fi^C W'^° f^Pi
Vpoi^iLegJ W^^^M vil I m\ e have J ust made up four hun- The sale price is so low that w e j» •¦ ? * 4l + 1 ? )*^^ \ 1
Jl^^^^l WfWzSa Wi^/^i jmimm. \J a suit dred dozen more of those 50-cent want you to see it is so from your fJ$$3& -\?3S^^v
y/fe^?j| rvW$2 rattan caps, which we sell for 20c each, own personal observation. • t*t.t»t/ Tji^B fl^^^i
1 J Border, copjrleht applied for,' S. N. WOOD & CCv .: . . '¦•...' "~* - ' fTwelve camels shipped from Algeria to
New York died on the voyage across the
Atlantic. '.; .
BROWN REINSTATED.
to the Turf.
Jockey Cash Sloan Likewise Returns
, CINCINNATI, May 24.— Secretary Hop
per of .the American Turf Congress to
night announced the reinstatement of H.
D. (Curley) Brown, who was ruled off at
Newport last. fall.- Brown is well known
as a starter. • t .-, ¦ ¦ ¦ - . •
Jockey Cash Sloan, ruled off. two years
ago for bad riding on Abuse at Oakland,
was also reinstated. .
Permit for Columbia Club.
• The ¦ Supervisors'. Police I Committee, de
cided yesterday to recommend that a per
mit be granted to the Columbia Athletic
Club for a boxing exhibition on May 31.
The club will bring off the Contest be
tween Moffatt and Neill on that date.
NEW YORK. May 24.— The annual sale
of yearlings, the product, of the Rancho
del Paso and Elsdorf studs, was begun at
Madison-square Garden to-night. More
than 200 horses were sold. Among the
best prices were the following: Bay, filly,
by Imp. Goldfinch-Barbara. Maid; E. Oor
rlgan. $900: chestnut filly, by imp. Gold
finch-Bavaria, J. Daly,- $1000; bay colt.- bv
Imp. Star Ruby-Bella B. H. E. Leigh,' few*;
bay filly, by imp. Goldfinch or imp. Star
Ruby-Czarina, Ed Feaks. , $1000; chestnut
colt. by. imp. Star Ruby-Falsalara, A.
Garson, $2000; chestnut colt, by imp. ,Gold
flnch-Fleurettc. A. Garaon, $5000.
Sale of Yearlings,
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 17 9 .654iSt. Louis 14 12 .638
Brooklyn ....17 11 .607; Cincinnati ..11 15 .42$
Chicago 16 12 .671) New York... 8 17 .320
PlttsburR ...16 13 .552 Boston 7 17 .292
ST. LOUIS. May 24.— The ecore:
Clube— R. H. E.
St. Louis 10 17 2
Philadelphia 5 10 3
Batteries— Powell and Crlger; Maul and Mc-
Farland. Umpire— Swartwood.
PITTSBURG, May 24.— The score: >
Clubs— R. V H. E.
PlttBburg 5 12 2
Brooklyn- 4 S 1
Batteries — Phllippl and Zlmmcr; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpire — Hurst.
CINCINNATI, May 24.-The Bcore:
Clubs— R. II. E.
Cincinnati "... S . « 2
Boston 7 10 1
Batteries— Hahn and Wood; Willis and
Clarke. Umpire— Emslle.,
American. Association Games.
DETROIT, «JIay 24.— Detroit 9, Milwaukee 2. !
' INDIANAPOLIS, May 24.— IndlanapolU 2,
Minneapolis 6. .
BUFFALO, May 24.— Buffalo D, Kansas City t.
CLEVELAND. May 24.— Cleveland 3. Chicago
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Their Percentage.
Leaders in the Race Lose Some of
PHILLIES DEFEATED.
M:dw.-<-k rtake— Hsrrlgan & TViega.nd'« Over
ture beat F. C. Mack's Delia M. £-2; C. B.
<'hartoworth'« Crawford Lam b<>jit P. Me-
Oabe'R Honey Boy. 18-S; It. E.' de B.* Loprz
& goo's Wanda b*at P*. MfComb'i Motto. C-2:
M. Mlchillkl'a Terronlte b«>at J. H. W. Muller's
OrfiScer. "-0; O'Fhea. Brothwn' Mercy May W>at
3. H. W. Muller's Moonrtene. 3-2; D Shan
non'* Strand of Gold b«at Lande A Gerber'*
Mount Id*, 5-2; J. C. WiMam«' Lily Wbcwler
iwat E. 13. MeCormsck's. Valley For**, 10-8;
Thomas Xle^'n Charlie beat <j. W. Lee's -Ctn
ron. Il-J; J. Du!Ty'» Flashing Lass b*at F.
fowyer'e General Logan. 6-1; F. McOomb's
6t->rm King beat J. H. W. Muller'a Rci. 6-X;
William Cairwn" Imperial beat H. A. Deckel
xr.tn'» Ben Ki-by. 2-1; H. A. Deckel man'i
Battleship did some good running and
got down to the fourth tie, where he was
beaten out by the stafke winner.
Following are the day'* results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
In the run down the talrnt was more
than upset, no le?s than thirteen of the
twenty-eight counts going* to the short
ends. The be?t pickings of the day was In
the course between False Flatterer and
Bweet Belle. Gaffm-y's dog was made a
30 to 1 favorite, but Belle, after a hard
run. won out with a score of 12 to 9. It
¦was her first day out anu the talent was
at fault in offcrine such a price against
her. Mirabil'a beat Target at 3 to L
Stie, too, made hir ttrtt appearance and
with nothing else atrainst her the wise
ones again trred In thrir Judgment.
The hares w*-re a good lot and gave the
digs severe courses in bunches, and many
undecided runs added to their hard work
Crawford Lass being withdrawn in the
lir*t tie in her course with Overture on
account of the punishing run she was
forced to make.
O'Shea Brother?' Mrrey May won the '
final !n the midweek stake at Ingleslde
Coursing Park y*5t«-rday. with Johnson'n
J.owlander as runner-up. The winner was
xr.ade a favorite in the deciding round at
odds ranging from 1 to 10 to 1 to 6: Low
lander. on account of his hard runs, was
not able to do the distance, though he
e'arted from slips in fast style. The win-*
ner performed Wf 11 all day, but was for
tunate throughout in having short, easy
courses. .v '
Runs Well Throughout and
Beats Lowlander in
the Final
MERCY MAY IS
THE WINNER OF
MIDWEEK STAKES
REPRESENTATIVE sportsmen from
every section of the State met yes
terday morning in the rooms of the
. Olympic Gun Club to suggest legis
lation for the protection of the deer, tish
and game birds which are In danger of
being wiped out by market hunters and
others If the latter are . not stopped in
their slaughter. The problem. is one dif
ficult of solution, owing to the varying
conditions of climate and altitude within
the borders of the State. It is deemed im
practicable to fix an exact limit within
which birds may be killed. Between cer
tain dates all the birds may be in the
north and the men of the southland would
thus be deprived of their rlgrftful shoot
ing.
The general idea of the delegates is ap
parently to provide by State laws a long
open season covering several months. In
corporated with this they would have a
separate law for each county, allowing
but sixty days' shooting on each kind of
game. Thus the county laws would ac
commodate themselves to the proper time
when certain game could be taken.
A difference of opinion developed yester
day upon but one subject.- .This was the
advisability of forming a State Fish and
Game Protective Association to perpetu
ate the work of the convention upon its
adjournment. The opponents "of the Idea
held that county associations, the mem
bers of which understand their conditions
and requirements, were the proper bodies
through which this work should be done.
The proponents said there must be some
central governing body and this was the
one needed . by sportsmen. • After a
lengthy discussion the matter was finally
brought to a vote to lay on the table.
This motion was lost by a vote of 22 to 17.
Chairman Hughes then appointed the fol
lowing committee of five to draft a con
stitution and by-laws for the proposed
State organization: Dr. A. M. Barker,
S. C. St. John, T. II. Burkey, J. Homer
Fritch and Byron Naylor.
The convention waa called to order by
President Alex T. Vogelsang of the Cali
fornia State Fish Commission. lie ex
plained the necessity of the convention
and of intelligent legislation to protect
the fish. and game of the State from the
depredations of irresponsible shooters and
iisnermen. There are many county or
dinances which conflict with State laws,
and It Is to reconcile these that the con
vention was called. Among the suggested
changes offered by the Fish Commission
were : •
Limit on the number of game birds to
be killed in one day; shorter open season:
shorter season for deer and a limit on the
number to be killed by one person: pro
tection for snipe, plover, curlew and other
birds, both game and Insectivorous, not
now protected; absolute prohibition of
night shooting and netting of ducks; pro
hibition of sale of grouse and mountain
quail: trout weighing less than one pound
and the catching of steelhead trout in tide
water during the close season' on trout.
.It was also suggested that no pheasants
be killed for five years and that legisla
tion be enacted expressly charging all
peace officers with the duty of enforcing
the game law.
The convention then organized bv the
election of Judge J. W. Hughes of Sacra
mento as chairman, A. D. Jordan of. San
Diego vice chairman and Andrew Fer
guson of Fresno secretary. The appoint
ment of two committees— those on creden
tials and permanent organization—com
pleted the morning's work. The commit
tees were:
Credentials— C. M. Belshaw, T. J. Edge
comb and C. W. Hibbard.
Permanent organization and order of
business— H. T. Payne. C. M. Shortridge
George Fletcher, W. E. Gerber and R. F.
Johnson, i ¦ .. •
Mr. Belshaw read the report of the Cre
dentials committee, in which was incor
porated the recommendation that John P
Babcock. chief deputy of the California
State Fish Commission, be given a seat
in the convention. This was accepted and
the following delegates appointed by
the various county Boards of Supervisors,
together with the delegates at large ap
pointed by the Fish Commission, were
duly accepted:
W. M. Hughes and J. M. Griffin of Madera
County,- renresented by A. D. Ferguson of
Fresno; A. D. Jordan and F. B. Naylor. San
Diego; George P. Bchaeffer and W. H. Hanson,
San Mateo: Georce Adams. Alameda: George
Fletcher. Nevada; William Westford and F W
BUBh, Napa; W. S. Kittle and John Stack. Sail
Francisco* A. P. Redlngton. Santa Barbara-
W. H. Mitchell and T. H. Robinson. Solano-
W. R- Welch, Santa Cruz; T. H. Berkey and
Dr. W. Wood. Sacramento; C. M. Shortrldue
and W. C. Bennett. Santa Clara; W. C Ken
nedy and 8. C.St. John. Fresno; TV. H. Lyons
and George A. Atherton, San Joaaufn; John
Burns, Sutter; F. G. Sanborn. Santa Clara; A
D. -Ferguson. Fresno: R. T. Johnson. .Monte
rey; J. K. Orr,' Oakland; C* W. Hibbard. San
Francisco; H..T. 1'ayne, San Francisco; M C
Allen, 8an .Francisco; J.' X. J Dewltt, San Fran
cisco; . Professor ; L. '.' Loomls, Academy • of
Sciences, San Francisco; Professor David Starr
Jordan, Stanford University; Professor George
C. Edwards. University . of California; T. J
O'Brlen.,San Francisco; W. G. KerchofT, ¦ Los
Angeles; F: W. Emery. Pasadena: Eugene V
Maxwell, Sacramento: J. M. Kllgarlff. 8ausa
lito; E. C- Tallant,. Santa Barbara; Andrew
Jackson, Napa; A. W. Bruner. Sacramento-
James Matfleld, Los Angeles: J. H. Schu
macher, Los Angeles; J. E. Terry. Sacramento-
PARK SPEEDWAY
HORSES RACE ON
OAKLAND TRACK
Large Entry List for the
Driving Association
Meet.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night In the
Palace Hotel to complete arrangements
for their big meeting on Decoration day
at Oakland. This is the great day for the
amateur drivers, who for the remainder
of the year are content to engage in
brushes over the park speedway with any
one who will accept their quietly thrown
out challenges. ''•"'¦• S-'. ¦/¦• t '-
There are six races on the card. Includ
ing the free-for-all and the second race
for the Frank G. O'Kane cup. This was
won for the first time by J. C. Ohlandt.
Ho tries for it again with Alameda Maid.
The complete entry for the races, with
the classification of the horses, follows:
Free for all-J. C. Klrkpatrtck's Our Dick
and Harvey Mac and H. H. DunUp's Kin*
Cadenza. .
Second race— Dr. I. B. Dalzlel's Steve. N.
Hotta's Correct. William Van Keruen's Mat
tie B. H. W. Miller's Lady Falrose and J.
Curley's Prince C.
Third race—William C. Hamerton's General
Smith. E. Stewart's Localeer. J. M. Eva's
Ethel H. H. W. Miller's Crescent. R. E. Mul
cahy's Algoneta. E. Stewart's Morgan.
. Fourth race— E. Algeltlnger's Our Jo*; J. W.
Hamerton's Alfred H. Dr. T. Miller's Sweet
Peas. J. C. Qhlandt's Harvey B. H. F. Pat
rick's A B P. J. C. Kirkpatrick's Lullaby, Joe
Costello's F S D, L. Richardson's Tom Thumb.
Fifth race— J. W. Bonney's Bonney Boy. C.
E. Park's Imp. F. Gammet's Pardee. James
O'Kane's Sandow, E.D. Sachs' Bob'Burni. II.
F. Patrick's Satlnwood. W. C. Hamertoh's
Nettie H and J. Holland's Queen Stella.
T. -O. O'Kane cup race— J. C. Ohlandt's Ala
meda Maid: J. Curley's Prince C. O. W.
Kleiser's Alta Vela and L. Richardson's
Queeale. . -
TJ. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals has adjourned until June 4, at 11
o clock a. in.
non's Btrand of Gold vs. T. Boarrtman's Cali
fornia: Bartels Bros.' Ballroom Belle vs. G.
Abercromble's Victor King; M. J. Welch's
Lady Norborne vs. McCarthy &. Muller's Brent
wockI Belle: Kelly & Hanley's Baby King vs
J. Flower's Keystone: .1. I. O'Brien's States
man vs. J. McEnroe's October Woodcock; E.
Hood's Dempsey Lafs vs. Captain Cane's MIbs
Penman: E. D. Fallon's Lily of the West vs.
Connell Bros.' Clover; M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard
Lines vs. J. Caveney's Juliet; G. W. Hehitz's
Coquet vs. C. Bonner'a Frosty >Morn; J. Sut
ton's Mayflower vs. J. Button's Master Law
rence; T. Boardman's Lily Wheeler vs. F.
McComb's Motto; J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes
vs. J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom; Lande &
Gerber's Mount Ida vs. D. Dillon's Dew Drop;
T J. Cronln'n Arab vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On;
J. Dlckson's Black Bess vs. S. Handy' a Lady
Hugo; Farley Bros.' Morse. Patrol vs. M. Dil
lon's Challenger.
O'Ehea Bros.* Young America vs. M J
.Kelly's N'Uht Time: T. J. Cronin's Maid of
Rail v«. E. Bennett's Rey Del; N\ P. Whiting's
Wadena vs. O'Shea Bros." Golden Rule- D
O'ConneU'R Satan vg. D. K. Carter** High
Jinks; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy"
vs. J. -Byrnes 1 Battleship: J. Carter's Remus
vs. G. Abercromble's Irma; P. . Brophy's
Benlcia Roy vs. J. Collins' Richmond Kin*-
E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs P. Joiner's
Ever Sure; J. McNeil's Blackhawk vs. Lowe
t ThompBon's Prince Hal; J. J. Edmonds*
Morning Glory vs. M. J. Welch's Milldale- Al
Austin' c Firm Foe \-s. P. Joiner's Wine West-
Hartels Bros." Betsy Barrow vs. C. O. Peter
")n'i Silver Cloud: Q. W. Helntz's Rustic
Beauty vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash- O'fc'hea
Bros.' Mercy Mar vs. A. Vandenburgh's
Naughty Girl: Cornell Bros.' Log Boy vs. J. H
. W. Mullnr's Moonstone; Connoll Bros.' Goodby
1 vs. Rurrell. Allen * Wilson's ' Hyden Belle; J
1 Rock's Mlnexva vs. D. Toland'H Twilight .Tr ¦
C Bonner's Wild Nora vs. B. Dean'i Free 8li-
Ver Boy; Kay Bros.' Hawker vs. F. Mack's
Delia -M; Land? & Gerber's Rlenzl vs AL
Austin's Thorndaje; J. Potter's. Romulus vs
B Woods' Black Night: F. Paeson'e Merry
Maiden vs. J. R. Smith's Petronlus; Alex.
McDonald's Glory Ann vs. M. Mlchillkl's Ter
rona; J. Byrnes* Olympus vs. C. D. Charles
worth's Crawford Lags; W. H. Shear's Alarue
v*. Cartels Bros." Border's Best; K. Bchou's
Smuggler vs. M, MIchlllkl's TerronlteTD. Shan-
The stake for to-morrow and Sunday at
Ingleside Coursing Park attracted an en
try of eighty-four dogs. Coursing will
commence at '12:30 -p. m. to-morrow and
11:30 Sunday. The draw for the open
stake to be run on DectoratioH day will
be held Monday night. The draw last
night resulted as follows:-
This Week's Stake.
Flret tier-Overture., a bye; Wanda beat Ter
ronite. fr— 1; Mercy May beat Strand of Gold.
4—0; Lily Wheeler beat Charlie. 5—3; Storm
King b*at Flashing Laps. 4—1; Imporlal beat
Kanaka, 13— «; Ben's Babe beat Sir John Ar
nott. 3—0; Battleship beat Wadena, 10—3; Mas
ter Davenport beat Loiterer. 12— 4 1 Lowlander
beat Lady Hugo. 8—2; Tod Bloan beat Sweet
Belle, 7—1; ChallenRfr beat Glen Anne. 13—9;
Over the Border beat Jolly Rover. 10—7; Prince
George beat Mlrabllia, 10—0.
Pecond tie— Overture beat Wanda, 8—4' Mercy
Mav beat Lily Wheeler. 6—0; Storm King beat
Imperial, 13—10; Battle«h!p beat Ben's Babe
10— S; Lowlander beat Master Davenport. 5 — 4;
Tod SI. .an beat Challencer. S— 0; Prince George
beat Over the Border. 17—8.
Third tie— Mercy May beat Overture, &— 4;
Inlander beat Storm King. H-9; Battleship
beat Tod Sloan. 7—5; Prince George a bye
Fourth tie— Mercy May beat Battleahlp/s— 0:
Lowlander beat Prince Georsre. 6-r0
Final— Mercy May beat Lowlander. 7—1.
Kanaka beat P. ReMly's Boauty Rose. 4-J; E.
M. Kellosg'R Ben'a Babe heat K. A. McComb'8
One Spot, lft-2; T. A. Uaffney'a Sir John Ar
nott beat J. Mnor.?y> Pride, 12-2; .Tnme*
Byrnes" Battleship beat Farley Brothers' Mortie
Patrol. 5-4: N. P. Whltinfc'8 Wartena beat
Frank Jackson's Romo Kelp. 18-3; I. H.
Frank'g LoltPror beat J. McNVH's Captain
Kyrneg. r.-i; <"aptaln Cane's Master Davenport
beat J. Ilyrnes' olympuB. S-l; A. Johnson's
L*>w!ander beat 1^ Hertot's Revolver. 4-2; A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat R. K. de R. Lopea
& Bonn Soft Goods, 21-7: S. Handy's I^ady
Hueo beat A. J. Kemp's Move Out. 17-7: Joe
P"rrV« Sweet He!!e beat T. A. Gaffney's False
Flatterer. J2-9; M. IWllon's Challenger beat D.
Shannon's Safeguard. 15-6; I. H. Frank's Glen
Anne beat Frank Jackson's Glen Elder 7-0;
M. Dillon's Jolly Rover beat P. O'Doud's' Cas
cade, 13-S; I>jwe A Thompson's Over the Rorder
beat T. J. Cronln'n Arab, 12-8; J. F. Cole's
MIrabina beat Georee Ehraan'i TarKet, S-2:
D. Dillon's Prince Oeortre beat J. Caveney's
Juliet. 4-2.
Jud4clary— Alex T. Vogelsangr. A. D. Jordan.
8. C. St. John. R. Johnson and J. P. Dabcock.
Resolutions — J. T. Sherwood (chairman). M.
C. Allen. E. C. Tallant. Dr. A.-M. Barker. Dr.
W E. Cook, Leverltt Loomla. Colonel Ueorge
C. Edwards. E. E. Maxwell. D. I. W. Hays.
W. H. Lyons. \V. Wood. W. C. Kennedy, F.
G. Sanborn, H. T. Payne and John II. Schu
macher.
Suggestions in writing were then re
ceived from delegates regarding proposed
legislation. Among these was the sug
gestion that 1 Sheriffs and other peace offi
cers be made game wardens of their re
spective counties. Santa Barbara dele
gates presented an ordinance passed In
Santa Barbara covering existing condi
tions there. Humboldt County wanted a
bag limited to twenty birds In one day and
three deer in one season. Another sug
gestion was to the effect that owners of
dogs running deer in the close season be
prosecuted, while another delegate sug
gested that the Fish Commlsalop be
known as the Fish and Game Commission.
• Upon adjournment for the day the com
mittee on resolutions commenced its la
bors". It will report back to the convert
tlon this morning at 8 o'clock, j The dele
gates expect to be able to complete their
work to-day. ¦ .
J. J. Mellus. Los Angeles; W. W. Van Ars
dale, Slsklyou: Dr. T. J. Edecomh. Shasta:
James H. Morrison. Sacramento: J. W. Hush's,
Sacramento: C. N. Post. Sacramento: A. W.
Hlmjifon. Stockton; F. L>. Nicol. Stockton: J.
R.~ Leppo, Santa Rosa; Homer Frltch. Peta
luma; l>r, J. " W. Hayes, Oraes Valley; W. J.
Matthews, Oakland; Dr. S. K. Knowlcn, Ala
meda; Dr. A. M. Barker. San Jose; Dr. Geor&p.
Antioch; C. M. Belshaw. Antioch; W. P. Tay
lor. San Rafael; B. Jones. Bakersfleld: W. 8.
Tevln, Bakersfleld; Colonel D." E. Mills. San
Francisco; C. S. "Wheeler, San Francisco; T.
J. Kherwood. Marysville; J. N. Gillette. Hum
boldt; Dr. W. E. Cook. Eureka; J. J. Luch
slnger. Vallejo; Thomas Flint, San ¦ Benlto;
Alden Anderson. Sulsun: \\\ P. Thomas.
Uklah: A. V. I-a Motte. Ukiah. and "W. E. CJer
ber, Sacramento.
It was Intended originally to make the
committee on resolutions consist of five
men. Delegate Sherwood moved that It
be increased to fifteen, as It was by far
the most important committee, bearing
the brunt of the convention's work. Mr.
Vogelsang spoke In the same strain and
the motion was adopted, the report of the
committee being then adopted as a whole.
Chairman Hughes then announced the
committees as follows:
"Several months prior to the death of
my wife she was treated by Dr. Agnes
Wilcox. a cancer specialist Her treat
ment failed and I called In Dr. Peter
Kearney. Despite his efforts she died, as
I understand, from stomach troubles
presumably caused by a cancerous
growth. We buried her in the little grave
where she now rests, never thinking that
nny one would conspire to steal her re
mains. It was as sad a blow to us to
hear -of the attempted robberv of her
grave as was her death. However, I hop©
that the police will arrest the despicable
scoundrels, and I will see that they are
properly punished if they are caught."
"I cannot understand why they should
want the body of my dead wife In prefer
ence to the many that lie in the several
cemeteries of San Francisco. After the
attempted robbery was reported to me -I
went to the cemetery and stood guard
over the grave, contldently expecting that
they would return and make a second at
tempt to steal the body. After several
rights of lonely vigil they failed to re
appear and I concluded that they had
abandoned any further attempt to rob
the grave. Had they shown up while I
was watching there would be another
story to tell. The cemetery officials are
making an investigation, and I sincerely
trust that they will succeed in locating
the scoundrels.
The husband of the dead woman Is
greatly Incensed over . the affair. When
seen last night at his home. 635 Bryant
street., he said: i ... , -
proceed to dig open the grave. One man
carried a lantern, and by its dim rays
directed the efforts of his companions.
The failure of the robbers to secure the
body, it is thought, was due to a special
ofllcer, who is employed to patrol the
cemetery after dusk. It is presumed he
happened to be walking in the immediate
vicinity of the attempted grave robbery
when the ghouls espied him just as their
spades had reached the coffin and aban
doned their task. *• ¦ ••
¦ perpetrators of the outrage were a spade, i
which had evidently been used in reopen- •
ing the prave.and a well-worn slouch hat, i
which were found near by. It is thought !
j both wore dropped by the unsuccessful
J grave robbers In their hasty flight. Wagon
tracks were plainly discernible about I
fifteen yards from the grave, showing j
that the ghoula were fully prepared to
get away with the body.
Nolan, after completing his investiga
tion, notified the relatives of the dead
woman.
The husband of Mrs. Murphy was hor
rified on seeing the condition of the grave.
j He naturally could give no explanation
! of why an attempt shoul.l be made to
j Fteal his wife's body, other than that it
I was the work of medical students, who
I knew of the cause of death and were
! anxious to get possession of the body for
dissection. Since then he has stood guard
over the grave, hoping that the ghouls
; would return and make a second attempt
(o secure the remains.
As soon as the matter was reported to
i the officers of the Calvary Cemetery As
i sociatlon they communicated the facts to
! the police and requested that a thorough I
; investigation be made. Chief -Sullivan
| promptly detailed two of his best men on
| the case, but thus far they have been un
i able to lo<;ate the perpetrators. *
Seen Near, ths Grave. /
I Three men, all of whom wore overcoats .
' buttoned up to their chins, were seen act- j
ing suspiciously in the vicinity of the "j
; cemetery on the night that the attempt
! was made to steal the body. They were
J seated in a light cart and were seen to
: drive along the cemetery fence on the
south side. As the grave is only a few
i yards from the fence they could alight
I from the cart and enter the inclosure
, with little fear of being discovered. A
| citizen, whose name the police refuse to
= divulge, says he saw the men alight from
| the cart and after vaulting over the fence ]
I«eft a Spade Behind.
On vlsitlns the ppot Nolan made a care-
Tul examination, but the only clew to the
C; HAVE robbers have made their ap- •
„ pcarance in Calvary Cemetery.
/] Some time before midnight Mon
day throe men for whom the police j
are anxiously searching visited the burial I
ground and .made a determined attempt
\r. steal the body of Mrs. Margaret Mur
1'hy. whose earthly remains lie under an
unpretentious mound in a remote portion
of the graveyard. After removing the
earth that hid the coffin from view the
ghouls evidently became frightened and
hurriedly departed without having ac
c-'mplishr-d their base purpose.
Mrs. Murphy died one we^k ago ye9-*i
t< rday from a cancerous gTowth of the 1
Ftnmach. She had been attended by two j
doctors, but their skill failed to save her j
life.
Two days later mourner? accompanied j
the remains to Calvary Cemetery, where
they fffre interred. Thp following Sun- '
day relatives of the dead woman visited i
the cemetery and decorated the grave j
with flowers. At that time there was |
r."thing to indicate that a bold attempt j
was about to be made to rob the grave |
of its occupant.
Shortly after S o'clock Tuesday morn- |
ing Thomas Gap^n was walking thmugh
the cemetery, where he is employed when '
li*' discovered that the grave containing I
the remains of Mrs. Murphy had been
¦tampered with. The *-arth covering the j
cuffln had been re- moved, f-xpoeing to view
the rough woodt-n \>ox in which It was !
inclosed. Realizing that a bold at- ¦
tfmpt had been made to steal the body
<Jagen lO5t no time in notifying Assistant ;
Superintendent Nolan.
Three Ghouls Attempt to Rob a Grave in Calvary Cemetery.
Weil-Known Men Depicted by the Pencil of Caricaturist Warren.
Endeavor to Reconcile Existing Differences in County Laws
Caused by Conditions Developed by Altitude
and Climate. '*
TORONTO. Ont., Mav 24,-Superb*
weather, a fast track, well-filled fields
and Rn attendance of nearly 20.000 made
the initial day's racing of the spring meet-
Ing of the Ontario Jockey Club a great
success. Results: • :
Six furlongs— Mr. Jersey won. Pharoah sec
ond. Expelled third. Time, 1:17^.
-Four furlongs— Kthel Wheat won. Splash sec
ond. Sinfl third. Time. :50H.
One mile and a sixteenth— Alice Farley won.
Topmast second. Erwln third. Time. l:51»i.
The Queen's plate, one mile and a quarter—
Dalmoore won. The Provost second. Bell Court
third. Time. 2:14.
Steeplechase, two miles — Passepartout won,
Nicholas second. Miss Soak third. Time. 5:02.
Six furlongs— San Durango won. Alfred Var
ffrave second, Alfred C third. Time, 1:17.
Played for a Good Thing.
' CINCINNATI. May 24.— Peter Duryea
was played for a good thing in the last
race at Newport to-day and got the
money. The colt was backed from 30
down to 7 to 1 at post time. He was off
In front and the others never got within
four lengths of him. Jockey Boland again
rode three out of the six winners;
Weather fair; yack .fast. Results:
Four furlongs, selling— Clara David won,
Margaret F second, Emma C L third. Time
:49Vfe.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Eitholln won,
Virgle O second, Atlantus third. Time, 2:0S%.
Seven furlongs— Marguerite Hngeman won. La
Grange second. Flop third. Time, 1:27«4.
Six furlongs, handicap — Georgia won. The
Star of Bethlehem second, Koenlg third. Time.
Four furlongB. selling— Queen Lltze won. Vir
ginia T second.* Grace R third. Time, :45*i.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Peter Dur
yea won. nelle of Orleans second. Dr. Amburg
third. Time. 1:4S>4.
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— The feature at the
Pair grounds was the Kindergarten stake,
which attracted a field of seven shifty
youngsters. Schorr's entry, Joe Frey and
Alard Scheck, was made the medium, of
quite a plunpe at evens. Bennett's entry,
Dick Burgess and Monos, also received
substantial support at 5 to 1. At fiag fall
Burns sent Joe Frey out in front and he
led his field info the stretch by three
lengths. At the last furlong pole Vittatoe
brought Alard Scheck out of the bunch
and laid him alongside his stable mate, it
evidently being the. Intention of the Jock
eys to finish one, two. Matthews at this
juncture shook Dick Burgess up, and,
coming along the Inside rail, nipped the
race from Joe Frey by a nose on the post.
Alard Scheck finishing the same distance
behind his stable companion. Results:
One mile, selling— Connie Lee won, Jim Con
way second, Gomez third. Time, 1:44.
8lx and a half furlongs^ selling— Verify won.
Guide Rock second. Theory third. Time,
Seven furlongs— Algol won, Ida Ledford sec
ond. Terra Incognita third. Time, l:2Stf.
Kindergarten stakes, value $1500, for two
year-olds, five -furlongs — Dick Burg-ess won. Joe
Frey second, Alard Scheck third. Time, 1:O2V4.
For two-year-old flllles. (our and a half fur
long— Queen Dlxon won. The Mecca second,
Golden Harvest third. Time, :B6.
Selling, one mile and a sixteenth— Rushflelds
won. Zaza second. Pacemaker third. Time,
Joe Frey Is Beaten.
Four and a half furlongs— Harry Herendon
won, InvlctUB second. Icon third. Time, :t6«A.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Monk "Way
man won. -Tuba Dam second, Schnell Laufer
third. Time, 1:55)4.
Six furlongs— Abe Furst won. Ailanto second.
AlRaretta third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile — Gold Fox won, SIdbow second
Stranitest third. Time. 1:42^4.
Seven furlongs, selling— Satan won. Man
damus second, Mellecole third. Time, 1:3L
Seven furlongs, selling— Cheesestraw II won.
Frangible second. Golden Rattle third. Time.
l:23H-
CHICAGO. May 21.— Weather . clear;
track good at Lakeside. Results:
Results at lakeside.
The Belmont. one mile and three-eighths—
Ildrim. 126 (Turner). 7 to 2 and 4 to 5. won-
Petruchio. 123 (Spencer). 25 to 1 and 7 to 1,
pecond; Missionary, 126 (O'Connor), 1 to 2
third. Time. 2:21H. Gulden, Hammock. Mes
merist and ftandlnff also ran. (
One mile and an eighth— Hardly won, Favon
lus second. Half Time third. Time, 1:34?4.
Five furlonpg. selling— Goddess of Night won
Drlamarch second, Water Plant third. Time
1:00?«.
For the Belmont the Featherstone pair,
Mesmerist and Missionary, were at 1 to 2
In the betting, with Ildrim a, good second
choice and the others only nibbled at.
Petruchio was first off, but Maher took
Mesmerist to the front at once. They
were strung out on the back stretch, run
ning the quarter in 25 2-5 seconds, the
three furlongs in 38 seconds and the half
in 612-5 seconds, not very fast time. Mes
merist was leading as they went past the
stand, two lengths In front of Gulden, who
was half a length in front of Standing.
The next two furlongs were run In 14 sec
onds each. Then the pace began to quicken
and Mesmerist was about ready to give
up.
As they were straightened out for home
everybody was driving down the big dip
to the finish. O'Connor got to work with
a will on Missionary and the game Han
over colt responded at once. As they
swung into the last furlong he poked' his
nose in front of Ildrim. The trio of lead
ers were right together a sixteenth from
home and O'Connor faltered in his driving
for an instant. That Instant was fatal,
for In the twinkling of an eye Ildrim and
Petruchio passed him, with the wire but
a few jumps away. A fierce tug at the
.reins, a sharp dig with a spur and Mis
sionary seemed to take new life. The
crowd yelled Itself hoarse and the trio
swept past -the judges heads apart, with
the jet black Ildrim in front, Petruchio
second and Missionary third. Cheer upon,
cheer went up and the crowd frantically
waved hats and handkerchiefs at the vic
tor. Whpn the time, 2:21^, was hung out
there was another yell, for the track rec
ord had been broken, and under the con
ditions It was the best race at the distance
ever run in this country. The last mile
and a quarter was run in'2:08 1-5, the last
five furlongs in V.OZy. and the last half
mile in 50Vi seconds, fast time for such a
race. Results:
One mile, selling — Dan Rice won. Baneor
second, Oliver Mac third. Tim?. 1:41*4.
Fli'o and a half furlones, eelllnp— Pink Dom
ino won. The Amazon second, The Corinthian
third. Time. 1:05^-
The Eclipse, live and a half furlonpn—Irrit
able won. All Green second. Handwork third
Time, 1:06%.
NEW YORK, . May 24.— A nnish that
brought the crowd to Its feet shouting it
self hoarse was seen In the Belmont
Btakes at Morris Park to-day, when In a
fierce drive after a race of a mile and
three furlonps, . Eugene Leigh's Ildrim
carried off the $15,000 rtrst money, "with J.
R. and F. P. Keene's Petruchlo In second
place and A. Featherstone's Missionary
third, all three heads apart. It was get
away day at the track and the card was
of high order.
•.Winner Breaks the Track Becord in
One of the Best Races, "Under
the Conditions, Run in
This Country.
Sensational Finish Wit
nessed at Morris
Park.
ILDRIM WINS
THE BELMONT
BY A HEAD
GHOULS ARE DISTURBED
WHILE ROBBING A GRAVE
SPORTSMEN IN CONVENTION
FRAME A STATE GAME LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
4
Midnight Raid on the Grave of the Late
Mrs. Margaret Murphy in Calvary
Cemetery Interrupted by the Unex
pected Appearance of a Watchman.
We Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood.
Varlcocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Rupture
Bladder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO..
¦['"- '¦'-:!:' Speeialists— CatabUshid N«»rlj 20 Years.
-73/ MARKET ST., 9, F. .
op] N F£ll vi ¦jg °AT^S
3visi? OR- JORDAN'S srcat j
OF ANATOMY?
4 9 m KiSXK ST. ttt. t'H?X ZJ£X i
\ T he La»<e»t Anatomical Mnicun in the \
A j_ Jjj,_ w 'orl(l WtJUfc, or any c. i.trattsrt A
H 1 KPBJV dise»« pevlttvrl, eurod | Iy the ol«nt ™
$ JBSI OB-rtROAS-PHWATE 3!3HAS£S^
W J A?* H ii" me ?f P««onally o» by letter. A *
SwS IP ~." efc ' l)ool 'HSII.OS»P«ytll
" a I *»n»U6K, MAILED FRKS. IAf
A d II Suable book fsi zacai A
f OR^iuRBAX A I'O.. 105' Market St., a F. f
REYNOLD'S
¦ he confined by '
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm tht-y hare recourse to this rem-
edy : then, a single dose Is often, sufficient.
J5- ft Ott. tliA A CO.. 3O.3O -\. lVUIlaui 3«..%. V.
Don't let your liver get 'out of order.
If you do. bright days will be dark, de-
pression will gather, and you'll have one
tirst-elass fit of the blues after another.
It is the po!son that remains in your
blood instead of being expelled from the
body that irritates the delicate brain tis-
fu<*. makes your head ache, makes you
despondent.
I-azy liver causes constipation and
makes the whole machinery of the body
move slowly; depresses the vital energy.
There's an easy way to avoir! it. if you'll
take our advice. Make your liver lively.
keep your bowels moving naturally ami
drive the poison from your system, by
taking Ca?carets Candy Cathartic, the
ideal laxative.
Cascarets never fall. "We want you to
believe what we =..iy. It's the truth,
backed by an absolute guarantee.
If Cascarets fall to please when you use
them you get your money back. It's what
Cascarets do, not what we say they do,
that proves their merit.
You can buy them for a trifle. 10c. 23c.
or 50c a box, at your own druggist's or
mailed for price. Write for booklet
"Lighten the Ills of Humanity," and free
sample, mailed for the askinsc. Address,
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago; Montreal,
Can-; or Xew York.
>¦ This is the CASCARET tab-
f r\r\(f^\ let. Every tablet of the only
I II II II I genuine Cascarets bears the
I V»i»l» I magic letters "C C C." Look
K A at the tablet before you buy,
N< Jr and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
Constipation Breeds Intestinal Microbe That
Poison tA» Blood. Depressisg Efaot
on the Ssnutira Brain
Tisrae.
Happiness and Good Feeling
Killed by Lazy Liver.
BLUES IN THE BLOODTreasurer Will Test Conflicting Pro
visions in State Law and Char-
ttr — Assessor Will Not
Join in Suit.
Auditor "Wells took the preliminary
rteijs yesterday to prevent Assessor Dodge
and Ciiy Tr«aso:rpr Brooks from setting
aside from the city funds the commissions
on collateral Inheritance taxes and poll
taxes. It is believed by the Auditor that
a tacit agreement has been entered Into
by Brocks and Dodge to test the matter
In the courts as to whether they are enti
tled, respectively, to the commission of 5
per cent on the collection of collateral in
heritance taxes and the 15 per cent on poll
tax collections. The Auditor has sent the
following communication to the Board of
Supervisors regarding: the matter:
_ . TJr SAX FRANCISCO. Maj- 14, 1900.
*o tbe Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco—Oen
t>men: I have been informed through my
deputy that S. H. Urooke. Treasurer of the
c.ty and county of San Francisco, has pet
aside from city and county funds the com
m^aatons on collateral Inheritance taxes, and
tnat he Intends to retain same until ordered
ry court to deposit easi« Into city and county
lunas.
I am also informed through Mr. Brooks that
Asffssor Dodge Intends to pursue the same
course In re poll tax commissions. In oonse
quenoe of the above declaration I would re
epectfUily suceest that some action be taken
recardir.ff the above.
ASA R. WELLS, Auditor.
T*he whole question arises over the dif
ference in the provisions of the State law
and the charter regarding commissions,
and it is thought that a court decision
vlll be necessary to determine the ques
tion. The State law provides that the
commission of 15 per cent for collecting
poll tax shall be retained by the Assessor,
and 5 r»er ce ht of the collections of Inher
itance taxes shall be kept by the Treas
urer. The charter, however, provides
specifically that all fees Collected by city
t)liicia.ls shall be turned into the city treas*
ury. and that the salary of said officials
Fhall be deemed full compensation for
their services. The poll tax commissions
this year will amount to about $15,000, and
en the Inheritance taxes $2500 would be due
the Treasurer as commissions under the
State law.
Assessor Dodge denies that he has en
tered into any agreement to determine if
the State law is paramount to the char
ter regarding commissions. He haa turned
over the commissions as fast as he has
collected them, and he has had no conver
sation with Brooks regarding the' matter
until he heard that Auditor Wells had in
formed the Supervisors that the Assessor
Intended to retain the commissions.
Treasurer Brocks states that he has set
aside the commissions on inheritance
taxes as a special deposit until such time
as a decision of court shall compel him
to turn them over to the State. He de
clares that In any event the city would
not be entitled to the commissions. They
would be turned over to the State. Brooks
has until May 31 to make a settlement,
jind the comiriiFsions may be retained un
til the court decision ia received.
PLAN TO RETAIN
THE COMMISSION
0N COLLECTIONS
Beading and Entertainment.
A dramatic reading and entertainment
was given last night at Sherman & Clay
Hall by Misses Linda Johnson and Hazel
Qulmby. assisted by Miss Bessie Leo
Wall, mezzo soprano; S. Homer Henley,
barytone, and the Union male quartet,
consisting of Egerton Smith, first tenor:
Charles Henley, second tenor; Thomas
Nowlan. first bass, and Harold Bassford.
second bass. The entertainment was very
enjoyable to those present.
Eight Italian fishermen, who were ar
rested a week ago by Deputy Fish Com
missioners for taking striped bass with
seines of too small mesh, were held to an
swer yesterday before the Superior Court
of Contra Costa County by Justice of the
Peace Llndley of San Pablo.
Fishermen Held to Answer.
Fuhrman Goes .Free.
Ernest Fuhrman. arrested some months
ago on a charge of administering "knock
out drops" to a chance acquaintance for
the purpose of robberVi was . dismissed
from custody yesterday by Judge Cook
because he was not tried within sixty
days after arrest. In two trials the Jury
disagreed, and before the third was com
menced the sixty days had expired and
the court was forced to grant a motion to
dismiss.
Arnold Will Be Sent Back to London.
Julian Arnold, the fugitive solicitor
from London, was brought before United
States District Judge de Haven yester
day morning and his case was referred
to United States Court Commissioner
Heacock for Investigation. Arnold was
taken before the Commissioner, admitted
his identity, said that he was willing to
be sent back to London and that he would
not oppose tfce proceedings for extradi
tion. He- expressed confidence that ha
would be able to explain satisfactorily all
the chanjc3 that had been made agrilnst
him. The complaint was sworn to by
British Consul Pickersjrill. and alleges
that Arnold embezzled £37S0.
The Pacific Coast Congregational Con
gress was organized yesterday morning at
the First Congregational Church with
more than 100 ministers and laymen In at
tendance. It will be In session during the
remainder of the week In this city, and
next week will hold a two days' session in
Oakland.
' The reason for the congress, as stated
by Rev. J. K. McLean of Oakland, who
called the body together In his capacity
as chairman of the provisional committee,
is the necessity of unifying the Christian
Influence of the coast, to the end that
there may be greater growth In the Mas
ter's kingdom. Following the brief state
ment of the temporary moderator, and
upon his suggestion, the following nomi
nating committee was chosen: Rev-. Sam
uel Greene. Seattle; Rev. W. E, .Kantner,
Salem; Rev. E. L. Smith Walla Walla,
and Rev. S. G. Emerson. Pasadena,
After a brief session the committee re
ported in favor of electing a moderator to
represent each district and three secreta
ries The following were placed la nomi
nation and elected by the congress:
Moderators— Rev. 0. P. Dorland. Los
Angeles; Rev. A. \V. Acker-man, Portland;
Rev Edward L. Smith, Seattle; Rev. J.
K. McLean. Oakland. Secretaries— George
H. Hines. Portland; Rev. F. J. Culver.
Pasadena; Rev. Jonathan Edwards, bpo
kane. Rev. "Walter Frear was chosen as
1 Rev. ?e c. ei p. Dorland was Invited to pre
side, and upon accepting the post of honor
Rev. C. B. Sumner read the Scriptures
and the congregation Joined in singing
"My Faith Looks Up to Thee." The pro
gramme already prepared was then
The morning's work was concluded with
a discussion of "Pacific Coast Problems."
Rev. W. H. G. Temple of Seattle spoke of
the work in the- north; Rev. S. A. Norton
of San Diego spoke from the southern
point of view, and Rev. F. B. Cherington
of this city discussed the work In Central
California. Rev. C. T. Brown of Salt
Lake, to whom the "Interior" had been
allotted, could not be present, but sent an
Interesting paper on Mormonism, which
was read T)y Rev. Dr. Adams.
At the afternoon session Rev. C. F.
Clapp of Forest Grove. Oregon, made an
interesting address on Pacific Coast home
missionary work. In which he is especial
ly interested. The "Future Relations
of the West and East," as viewed from
the West, was discussed in a paper by.
Rev. E. D. Hale of Nlles and Rev. G. M.
Boynton of Boston, secretary of the Con
gregational Sunday School and Publishing
Society, told how the question looked
from an Easterner's point of view.
"Church Expansion and Elimination" was
the subject assigned to Rev. E. E. P. Ab
bott and ably handled by him. Mr. E. S.
Williams of Saratoga, Cal., gave an inter
esting paper on "Evangelization of For
eign Races Resident Here."
The evening session was taken up with
a discussion of. "The Pacific Coast
Churches and the. Orient." In which Rev.
A. W. Ackerman of Portland and Rev. R.
F. Coyle of Oakland were the leaders.
Following Is the programme for to-day:
9 a. m.— Education: (a) "The Higher Edu
cation of the Pacific Coast." President Jordan.
Stanford University; <b) "The Christian
Forces In Education." Professor E. E. Brown,
University of California. 2 p. m.— "The Bible
We Use/' R. C. Brooks, Oakland. 3:30 p. m.—
"The Christ We Preach." W. C. Kantner,
Salem, Or. TM5 p. m.— Education. "The Quali
fications of the Teacher," President Wheeler,
University of California.
Following Is the list of the ministers and
laymen now In the city who have signed
the roll of the congress: ,".
" Northern California— Rev. George C. Adams,
San Francloco; Mn. E. C Allen. : Lockeford;
Rev. C. R. Brown, Oakland: Rev. H. T.
Burgess. Auburn; Rev. R. C. Brooks, Oakland;
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton and Philip Coombs,
The Attendance Is Large and Much
Interest Is Manifested in the .
Discussions Before the
Convention.
Ministers and Laymen Come
together and- Discuss
Church Problems.
PACIFIC COAST
CONGREGATIONAL
CONGRESS MEETS
California School of mechanical Arts
. "Will Hold Graduating Exercises
Next Thursday.
The California School of Mechanical
Arts, founded by James Lick, will exhibit
¦work done by students during the past
year on Tuesday, May 23, In the school
building, corner of Sixteenth and Utah
streets. On that day the school will bo
opened to the general public for Inspec
tion of the handiwork of the pupils.
Principal George A. Merrill announces
that the graduating exercises will be held
Thursday morning. May 31, at 10:3d
o'clock. There will be thlrty-flve grad
uates. Including pattern-makers, machin
ists, draftsmen, dressmakers and chem
ists, besides a number who will enter tht»
engineering courses In the university. The
calendar ior closing week comprises:
Friday. May 25. Instruction ends; Mon
day. May 28. preparing exhibits; Tuesday,
May 29, exhibition afternoon and evening
for parents and the general public; Thurs
day. May 31, graduation in morning, ex
hibition In afternoon and graduating
party In evening; Friday, June 1. certifi
cates of promotion issued to lower classes
In morning and meeting of alumni ia
evening.
STUDENTS TO EXHIBIT
WORK OF THE PAST YEAR
San Francisco: Rev. "W. H. Cross. Rockland:
Rev. W. W. Ferrler and Rev. Walter Frear.
San Francisco; Rev. J. H. Ooodell, Petaluma:
Rev. George B, Hatch, Berkeley: Rev. E. D.
Hale. NUes; Rev. H. E. Jewett. Berkeley:
Rev. D. Goodsell, Byron; Rev. W. D. Kldd.
Orovllle; Rev. R. R. LJoyd. Rev. J. K. McLean.
Professor C. S. Nash and Rev. J. W. Phillips,
Oakland: Rev. W. C. Pond, Rev. Joseph Rom
elly and Rev. E. J. Singer. San Francisco;
Rev. .S. C. Patterson, Lodt; Rev. L. D. Rath
bone. Santa Rosa: Rev. W. Vi. Scudder. Ala
meda; Rev. B. F. Sargent. North Berkeley;
Rev. G. W. Stcddard. Martinez; Rev. David
Q. Travis, San Andreas; Rev. W. A. Tenney.
Oakland; Rev. F. H- Washburo, Alton; Rev.
E S. Williams and Mrs. Williams. Saratoga;
Rew David Wlrt. Oakland: Rev. H. H. Wlkoff,
Rev. J. H. Warren, Rev. S. H. Wllley and
Rev. F. I. Wheat. San Francisco.
Southern California— Rev. E. E. P. Abbott.
Chula Vista: N. W. Blanchard. Santa Paula;
Rev. J. H. Culver and wife. Pasadena: Rev.
H. P. Case. Los Angreles; Rev. J. F. Davles,
San Bernardino: Rev. C. P. Dorland. Los An
geles; Rev. A. C. Dodd. National City: Rev.
S. G. Emerson, Pasadena: President F. L.
Ferguson. Claremont; Rev. F. S. Forbes. Santa
Barbara; Rev. J. L. Malle, Los Angeles; Rev.
S. A. Norton. San Diego; Rev. C. B. Sum
ner, Claremont.
Oregon— Rev. A. W. Ackennan, Portland:
Rev Cephas F. Clapp. Forest Grove; George
H. Hlnes Portland; Rev. W. C. Kantner.
Salem; Rev. P. S. Knight. Corvallls; Rev.
D V. Poling. The Dalles: Rev. R. A. Rowling.
Portland; Mrs. G. A. Rockwood, Wlllsburg;
J. B. T. Tuthlll. Salem; Rev. M. D. Morton
and wife. Forest Grove.
Washington— Rev. Jonas Bushell. Eagle
Harbor: Rev. F. B. Doane and wife, Cheney;
Rev. Jonathan Edwards, Spokane; Rev. Samuel
Greene Rev. J. O. Nichols. Rev. E. L. Smith
and Rev. W. H. G. Temple and wife. Seattle.
Corresponding members present — Rev. George
M. Boynton, Boston; Rev. W. G. Puddefoot.
Boston; Edward L. Larkln. Buena Vista. Cal.;
E E. Webster and wife, Boston; Rev. W.
E. M. Stewart and Mrs. L. D. Stewart. Wyom
ing, Cal.. and Noel H. Jack, general secretary
Toung Men's Christian Association of Oakland.
Suit was filed yesterday by the Laurel
Hill Cemetery Association to restrain the
Board of Supervisors from enforcing the
provisions of ordinance 24, which prohibits
the burial of bodies within the limits of
the city and county on or after August
1. 1901. The suit is based solely on con
stitutional questions. It is contended. that
as tho plaintiff corporation was organized
under an act of the Legislature of 1867
matters -affecting Its status are outside
the Jurisdiction of the city and county.
It Is further contended that the closing
of the cemetery would abrogate contracts
now existing between the association and
Individuals, nnd such Interference 13
strictly forbidden by tho constitution.
WOULD STILL USE' ITS V
GROUND FOR BURIALS
Supervisors' Committee Will Recom
mend the Repeal of an Ordinance
Prohibiting It.
The Supervisors' Street Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend the pas
sage of the order repealing the ordinance
which prohibits the sprinkling of bitu
mlnlzed streets. This action ' was ' baaed
on the favorable report of the Merchants'
Association. The city will take up tho
work at the beginning of the next fiscal
year. Proposals inviting bids for sprink
ling bsvt been issued from, the Board of
Public AVorks.
A number of residents In the district
west of Castro street, Including several
ladles, addressed the committee on tho
petition to - have Gray Brothers' rock
crushier at Clipper and Douglass streets
abated as a nuisance. Arguments against
the crusher were made by G. B. Long,
Mrs. M." Epton. T. E. Hackney, M.
Rooney, P. F. Zamitt, M. Manning, Mrs.
E. Butte and Mrs. Plaumfaurt. The
committee decided to postpone action un
til after a visit of inspection.
STREET SPRINKLING
WILL BE RESUMED
An attempt to evade the payment of 1
cent toll on the Berks and Dauphin turn
pike has just cost a rich Pennsylvanian
cattle dealer $10.
From all parts of the State comes the
intelligence that more hands are required
to handle the fruit crop and make ready
for the gathering of the harvest. But
there appears to be a dearth of white la
bor and the husbandmen are confronted
with the necessity of looking elsewhere
for help to save their ripe fruit crops or
suffer a whole year's loss. This the fruit
growers are doing by sending their orders
to the agents of the Japanese employment
offices In this city. Heretofore this line
of labor was given to the Chinese, but
now the little brown men have taken the
places that once were filled by the moon
eyed coclles.
One of the principal reasons why the
Jap Is sought In preference to the Chinese
Is that when the fruit grower is compelled
to replace his white brother by Mongo
lian hands he seeks the cheapest help he
can find, and the Japanese is willing to
work for whatever his employer is will
ing to pay him. while the Chinese de
mands higher wages.
The present rate of wages paid to Jap
anese fruit pickers ranges from 90 cents
to $1 a day. they finding themselves. The
Chinese demand $1 25 and $1 50 a day and
find themselves. To the white man the
present rate of wages offered is $1 25 and
found, but this rate is jumping upward
and will, it is thought, go as high as $1 50
before the harvest is gathered.
The great objection to the employment
of the Japanese is that they are willing
to work for almost any price that is of
fered them. This, to the white laborers.
Is decidedly objectionable, and as a result
It Is with difficulty that fruit growers can
find white help to work in the orchard or
field with a man that has no fixed esti
mate on his worth, but will labor as long
as he-is told and for what is handed out
to him.
Similar conditions exist with C. R. Han
«en & Co. They too are finding it not only
difficult but impossible to furnish help to
the many applications made on them
from all parts of the State.
One reason for this scarcity of able
bodied men is the exodus of so many to
the Alaska gold fields and other new sec
tions where mining has apparently offered
better inducements for acquiring wealth
than that of day labor on the farms or in
the orchards.
Work Cheaper Than Chinese — Revi
val of Manufacturing and Rush
to Nome Responsible for
Dearth of Laborers.
Crops Will Be Largely
Gathered by Japanese
Coolies. » .
FRUIT GROWERS
ARE UNABLE TO
GET WHITE HELP
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company made a formal offer last night
to the Supervisors' Committee on Public
utilities to sell its poles and wires used
in lighting the public streets for $50,000.
Another proposition was made to install
a system of incandescent burners without
a cent of cost to the city. The company
however, insisted on getting a contract
to light the city.
Edwin L. Jones, engineer of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
stated that almost every city of promi
nence in Europe had substituted incan
descent gas burners for electric lighting.
President Crockett declined to say at
what price the company would sell the
plant. He claimed that the city could not
enter into any contract unless It had been
advertised and let to the lowest bidder.
Attorney Preston informed the board that
the company was prepared to sell its
present pole line plant, comprising 2500
Poles, for lighting the streets for $50,000
The Mayor took the view that the pole
lino was not a utility in the strict sense
as it was merely Intended to lease them
to companies for the distribution of the
electric current. In any event the ques
tion would have to be submitted to a
vote of the people before it could be
adopted.
Crockett claimed that the lighting by
incandescent gas lights would save the
city the investment of $225,000 for S200 poles
and a distributing system offered by the
Independent Light and Power Company
Engineer; Jones then submitted the fol
lowing proposition for the directors of the
gas company:
"We will install a system of Incandes
cent gas burners for street lighting with
out any expense to the city, by which it
is assured that the amount of light fur
nished will bo from three to five times
more than at present, without increasing
the cost. The streets can be entirely
lighted by about 6000 burners, giving over
300 per cent more light than now enjoyed
at a cost much less than it can be lighted
by 200i) electric arc lamps and without any
investment of tho city's funds."
Chairman Reed read a letter from A. E.
Brooke Ridley, who represents makers of
electrical machinery and Kastern capital
ists. In regard to the city acquiring its
own electric plant. Ridley says that the
matter of Installing such plants for mu
nicipalities has been under consideration
by leading electrical financiers in Eastern
cities and in San Francisco. The letter
continues:
"It is entirely feasible that the city can
acquire its own plant, either in ten, fif
teen or twenty years, at a cost not ex
ceeding the present annual cost for light-
Ing the city's streets and public build
ings. If the payments are extended for
a period of twenty years the annual cost
of lighting during that period will be
considerably less than that now paid. It
will require about ten days to place, our
proposition before you in definite form
and I respectfully ask your committee to
delay action in the acquisition of such
plant so that we may have the oppor
tunity."
Will Sell San Francisco Company's
Plant for Public Lighting' for
?5O,O0O — Plan to 'Use
Incandescent Burners.
President Crockett Claims
Gas Is Superior to
Electric Light.
CITY RECEIVES
ANOTHER OFFER
OF POLE LINES
Visiting Surgeons Advance Reasons
Why Institution Should Remain
Where Now Located. ;>>'
The members of the visiting staff of the
City and County Hospital and other mem
bers of the medical profession In San
Francisco petitioned the Board of Super
visors yesterday to retain the hospital at
Its ; present , site. The reasons assigned
are that in most large cities the charity
hospitals are within easy reach of the
business centers. There ls.no objection
from . a sanitary standpoint > against a.
modern general hospital - located in -the
business or residence districts of a city.
The climate of the Almshouse tract is
notoriously foggy and subject to raw,
cold winds In summer, while the climate
of the present site in the Mission hills is
the best in the city. In the cold and damp
ness of the 'Almshouse tract surgical op
erations .would be J attended with great
danger in emergency cases. . .
WANT NEW HOSPITAL •
ON THE PRESENT SITE
Tax Collector Scott Seeks Payment of
Licenses — Bicycle Dealer Will
Test Charter Provision.
Tax Collector Scott yesterday instructed
his attorney, Frank P. Haynes, to prepare
the necessary legal documents for the suit
which the former has been directed to
bring against the Pacific Telephone Com
pany for unpaid licenses. The amount
involved Is about $200,000 and Includes the
license on 13,000 nickel telephones at J2
per quarter for a period of nearly two
years, amounting to $182,000. This money
is due under the provisions of an old or
dinance imposing a license on all electrical
machines. There Is also due about $9000
under the new order Imposing a license
of 50 cents per quarter on all telephones,
of which there are about 18,000 In use.
Attorney Haynes will draw up the pa
pers In a few days and the suit will be
instituted Immediately after.
Tax Collector Scott Is of the opinion
that the suit wlll,,not be finally adjudi
cated for several years, as he has received
Information that the telephone monopoly
will fight the attempt to collect from it
the moneys legally due the city as long
as It has a point to make, j .
Scott will have another suit on his
hands in the one to be brought against
him by Bicycle Dealer Allen, who refuses
to pay a license of $4 per quarter imposed
on those who rent bicycles. .He will test
the validity of the ordinance, making the
point that he rents machines for the pur
pose of selling them after trial. He claims
that sewing machine dealers are doing
the same thing, but do not pay license.
Allen says he will .also test the validity
of the charter provision exempting from
license dealers in merchandise having a
fixed place of business whereby $94,000 in
revenue has been lost to the city.
PREPARING TO SUE,
TELEPHONE COMPANY
The Supervisors* Street Committee re
sumed its investigation yesterday of the
financial condition of the various street
car corporations, with a view to deter
mining the practicability of the Maguire
2%-cent standing fare ordinance.
E. P. Vining, general manager of the
Market Street Railway Company, stated
that there Is less occasion for complaints
against congested traffic and overcrowd
ed cars here than in any other city in the
world. The only tima when such condi
tions prevail Is In the evening when men
return from work and women ride home
after a day's shopping. ?
"The fundamental difficulty," Bald Mr.
Vining, "lies in providing men and not
In increasing the number of cars or the
building of mechanical appliances at the
foot of Market street. It would be neces
sary to put on treble the number of men
for two hours. The extra men could not
earn enough In that time to make a liv
ing, as at other hours they could not be
employed. Great care is now taken to ad-
Just the time table so that every man may
make a fair day's wages.
"The cause of overcrowding cars was
that two of the most important lines of
the company had been discontinued for
chango into electric roads. The Post
street line Js now in operation and is tak
ing away 12 000 people dally from the Mar
ket street line. The completion of the
Howard street line in a short time will
draw 20,000 passengers from Market
street. The discontinuance of racing will
also relieve the situation for a period of
six months.,"
Mr! VIning produced figures of the num
ber oT passengers carried by 1184 cars dur
ing a heavy day. Taking thirty-nine as
the number for each cor it was found that
on the outward bound cars 98.1 per cent
had seats; at Fourth street 97.4 per cent
had seats and at McAllister street, where
the congestion of travel was most appar
ent 93.1 per cent had seats. The inbound
cars showed that at McAllister street 4.4
per cent of the passengers were standing;
at Fourth street, 5.1 per cent, and at
Montgomery street 3.3 per cent. Going
out there were 17,107 passengers who
passed Montgomery street, 21.769 at
Fourth street and 27,036 at McAllister
street. Going downtown there were 25,107
passengers at McAllister and 22.101 at
Fourth street. The headway of the cars
averaged two to live minutes. One hun
dred and eighteen cars passed the ferry
on the turntable in one hour.
The Mayor asked Mr. VIning what h»
thought of a commutation as a substitute
for the 2^4-cent fare, and he replied that
reduced tickets are taken advantage of by
the very people who do not need the re
duction. The laboring man could not af
ford to put up a large lump sum. He paid
a nickel thirty times a month and he did
not feel the expense.
Vining said he did not favor any under
ground or overhead system to relieve con
gestion of traffic. Tho underground sys
tem depreciated surrounding real estate
values with no corresponding Increase" in
the suburban districts. The double decks
were objectionable because it would ne
cessitate a large number of extra men
who would be employed only during the
rush hours. Even at present a conductor
has all he can do to perform his duties.
Mr. Vining said that when the popula
tion had largely Increased it could be han
dled with the side lines or by having four
lines of track on Market Btreet.
Secretary Clayton of the San Mateo line
stated that the objection to the double
deck cars was the difficulty in loading and
unloading. One stout woman would
blockade the traffic and cause delay. To
this the Mayor Interposed pleasantly by
saying:
"You might prevent stout women from
traveling and the difficulty would not
arise." /
"Well," replied Clayton, "if we could
have your Honor as a conductor it might
be done," which sally was greeted with a
general laugh.
VIning Informed the Mayor that If the
company were given a four-track line on
Market street it could not afford to carry
passengers for less than 5 cents. Last
year It coat 4.4 cents to carry each pas
senger. The company was trying to over
come the difficulties of congested traffic
and had already accomplished a great
deal in that direction. He was not pre
pared to inform the committee about the
gross receipts of the Market Street Com
pany.
A delegation from tho Point Lobos Im
provement Club entered an emphatic pro
test against the passage of the ordinance
on the ground that the transfer system
would be. abolished; the reduced fare
would cause the introduction of copper
pennies, and certainly result In a reduc
tion in wages to railroad employes. The
committee will continue the inquiry next
Thursday. . i
Manager Viriing's Argu
ments Against Standing
Fare Ordinance.
Informs Supervisors That His Com
pany Is I>oing All in Its Power
to Stop Overcrowding Dur
ing Bush Hours.
T0 RELIEVE THE
GREAT TRAFFIC
ON STREET CARS
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
GOLDEN YEARS HAVE
CROWNED THIS COUPLE
Personal Property Seizures Continued
The work of seizing personal property
bf longing to delinquent taxpayers was
continued yesterday by Deputy Assessors
Fouler, Mendr-nhall and Jacobs. As a
result the belongings of a number of peo
ple were carted to the City Hall, but were
redeemed later in the day on tho pavment
of J3 costs in each case. Those who re
deemed their property ar«: M. G. Cobb
attorney, 819 Market street; W. J. WaM
hesmer. attorney. Parrott building; E.
B^yfuss. manufacturers' agent, Flood
building: Dr. J. F. Twist, dentist. Acad
emy of Sciences building; P. J. Sullivan,
real estate agent, Parrott building; J. L.
Oc-ary. attorney. Parrott building: Mrs.
M. Hudson, 1S2 Turk street; Mrs. Benja
min Asch. S13Vi Geary street, and Mrs.
William Gray, 504 Eddy street.
PREPARING A NEW PLAN
OF ELECTING TEACHERS
Educational Commission Appoints a
Subcommittee to Confer With
the School Board.
The Educational Commission recently
appointed by the Board of Education met
yesterday in the University Club and ef
fected organization by electing C. W.
Mark president. There were present at
the meeting: David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Leland Stanford Jr. University;
Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent of
Public Instruction: Elmer E. Brown, head
of pedagogical department of the Univer-
Eity of California; E. P. Cubberly. head of
jiedapogicai department of the Leland
Stanford Jr. University; and Frederick
Burk, principal of the State Normal
School of San Francisco.
Chairman Mark outlined the Fcope of
the comiriFPion and made an urgent plea
fnr its hearty co-operation with the
School Board in formulating the best plan
for electing tracers. It was decided, af
t<-r a long discussion, to appoint a sub
committee, consisting of Professors
Brawny Cubberley and Burk. to confer
¦with the board in order to draft a plan
for the appointment of teachers. The
meeting adjourned to the call of the chair.
mR. and Mrs. Bernardo Heringhi of
2222 Jackson street will celebrate
their golden wedding Sunday,
June 3. The occasion will be
marked by rejoicing and happiness on the
part of the children of the devoted couple.
A reception will be held in the afternoon
between 2 and 5 o'clock, and the many
friends of the family are expected to be
present to participate in the celebration
of the event.
The aged couple have been married just
fifty years.' They have watched with sat
isfaction the careers of their eight chll-
dren, and now In the declining years of
their lives are happy in the expected Joy
ous reunion of the family.
Mr. and Mrs. Heringhi were united In
marriage in 1S30. The ceremony was sol
emnized in St. Louis, where they were
then residing. Two years later the couple
Journeyed to this city, where they have
since resided. Mr. Heringhi engaged in
commercial pursuits. The aged couple
are quite active, despite their many years.
Mrs. Heringhi Is 71 years old and her hus
band is 77. Their children are all well
known in business circles. They are Ed
ward, Leopold. Aaron. Louis, Sam.
Charles and Miss Sarah Heringhi and
Mrs. Louis Gutman.
Mr. and Mrs. Bernardo Heringhi.
Dodge and Brooks Would Set
Aside Inheritance and
Poll Tax Fees. -
5
I Disorders of flen I
i . STRICTLY RELIABLE. %
I 1^» & CO I
O Si Im\ V ARICOCELE CURED IN ON'E WEEK AT OF- «
S n 4 AvNj^^^ 'Ik Vv flee or four weeks' home treatment without cpera- g
» ' [/ IfNSfi&^T*^// \1-A Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and every form «
Q ~>r j \ .•*{ Ii vi» °' "¦Weakness" a iDeclalty. Cf
tt ' . I*. / #f We make a »ix»claltT of cases which have become <Q
« chnnlc and complicated from nested or Improper «
g treatment.- -yy-:~ «
I NOT a "Weakness" but an- Inflammation. I
By far t*« moet frequent cause of so-called "weakness" of men Is chronic In- S
flamrnation of the Prostate Gland. This gland Is the very center of th* reproductive ays- M
tem. It can readily be understood that Inflammation of any nrcan will cause disordered O
function of that onran. A remedy that would cure a real weakness would make an O
Inflammation worse. Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men who nave Q
unsuccessfully treated for weakness wlli now know the cause of failure. Our practice <r>
j»/ Is devoted to this condition, together with contracted ailments. w
W The only specialists In San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped hospital, trained ot>
M nurses, etc.. In connection, for: the accommodation «of out-of-town patients and others 8
Q wishing to remain during treatment. - M
S ¦ Fees reasonable and may" be i»ld In Installments as patient sees bis Improvement. c£
M Private laboratory. No charge for remedies. ht.
8 Full Information cheerfully mailed In plain envelope. g
w i Of flee hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m... Sundays Included. w
g- 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street, g
[ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
5 Photographs t a f the
g SSoff& g n^ht" nttl CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. cMc'ken" U eTc..'!r?m°fa: g S: on.
I Millinery. %t:<\« Duchesse. t£%U Gloves J% %l s£
K ¦ . est quality quality of my my ¦^ both popular styles
j£ (European make) at very special prices 22-inch Black Satin Duchesse, a handsomely £ £ Cm and only 500 pairs
** r^ffiU ¦ Fl^ay and Saturday finished and excellent wearing satin, made all told.
Jf ifftliigL on 'y: expressly for dress skirts and skirt >_ o SCO pairs La-
I? &2&FW 85c grade Children's waists; to-day only, per yard 7ZJC dies' 2-clasp fS^I^*?^^
K t^J^^^uK fiats for 55C First Alsle-IWt of Entrance. Piqne Kid \ e j-° W£"-£7
t£ ftliz&zr^r'i. grade Children's . Glove', oso 1J» \V / /
i Sifilis^Sl flits for 65O . __ , row of em- AW/
i iSSm' "£.•«?. '-•¦¦" Garpe* 30S 17 STSSS
V- *Sb <PyS^ . BSo fTP <rm n-m-m am *t> ¦«^ «¦» rirdd nf red, bine, ?^^^ffT"'"^
* *U C*& Indies' $8.00 Trim- n&iliffg^ntSm V> ™Lk Kreen and ," TTT ! ',
$ //V ISPi, med Hats for..55 , ™. u &* , _ B ™ssels b , ackf gi2e3 \ [I 1/ ///
5 "[mtsggwiJS Ladies' $11.00 Trim- and Wilton Velvet Carpet Rem- 5ito7. ¦ 1, y
fc* Um|s§^-^ med Hats for nants, in lengths varying, from 25 2C0 pairs I II I
$ T ,. , ;;;££ m • /Vr'T r* 7 s52 to 75 yard?, to be closed out at: Ladies' 2*!asp U I
J Ladies' $16.50 Trimmed Hats for.... $W -„ * ' - # , , Undressed Mil
5 second Floor. One-Quarter Off onr regular low R e i n d ee r
Jf . . • ' _pnces. Bring measurements if you can. Glove?, assorted tans, sizes 5* to «?,
$ mW^fiKrmm*****—™** Tanos try-Good 60c grade-remnant to-day only. 77o
i NecKwe&r L,wa.nd .p""? - ....................450 M « la
» Pique »OS I TaflOS fry— Regularly 85c— ram- -^ — •-?
i* Ij&f* Poff nant price 64c GmBS&BB* *
% 1^*** s C a rfg> Body B#.osso/s-R 5 gnlarly $1.25- *"***"* i^vg^m
*•* n. n- »nA K=^»^ remnant price 94c i-ft>*% 0% pm
I &%£.¦ J5^ ™ vet - Wi %& $2*28- mm
i? -x \i ¦ t - yfil'liii \jk*>^Ss»^vi\ remnant price ..o^jc • ( ||(l||| I! lit
suitable for /iMgt^p Oa ' Axminstpn Rugs-500 fino heavy Large comforta- MJSffiP
E ™ n °L1 mW /% M * ru & 3 ' Persian designs, siz3 27x6D inches, blfl A _ pv a , p JHB8 Wi
I iifig W/jM ¦ SyMgi $2.15 i^^mgffl
j^ Al l-silk Eng.i'h /•, 1/ /yfaTOfc Second Floor-Rear. durable, cane ?eat. v »<^^^^gxVC
S / /]«¦ Hose Wa 7X%.% fSSm-
K value. To--1av / Jf \\\ra»\W "*<* sn-'.'*?k Furniture— \\
J ~12O X/T )^p^/ BaCm eS'"'-/§ Second Floor. > Vl^' Vi-^
I F8 S n t C o 7 ckSlfars h " n Ladies' Extracted PoHca W*M Cwfnnnt*** An «'
£ lawn lace trimmed, partly soiled, 25c, Dot Cotton Hose, navy bine T.vjgSQ %*rttOnnG&m cellent
K 35c and 50c values. To-day 12c or black ground with white n, f l'.-.-}&* ,„„,,.„ 1 TialIt y
«f Bargain Tables-Main Aisle. . d <> ts ' hl E h spliced heels, tl ({•'.' J/i of double-faced 32-lnch French Cretonne,
* ¦ double soles, guaranteed W'T/A charming patterns ia light or dark col-
j£ jL^^m^S^tL Weguar- fast colors, exceptional bar- [.'/ V- 0r3 . guaranteed to wash and boil with-
K' %S93^OGGaiG^B antee K ain for to-day ««_ /-*.( / out fading, for box couches, draperies.
•C • qualities only, pair. MEG <syj£j etc; our every-day extra low price ia 25c
X tobeAljthssespeciaiforFWl/ayonly: S n of Enlace. yard, lo-day on/y. f _
K Lemons— Fancy California a £ C
% iplliiSS Skirt' eOo.JFf&i Wringer. yAp-a
£ Cll/Cfron-Van Camp's potted. -fine \ . Ul , ,S kirt f' ,. dee P . ,^ ed . w ° cd
S S h^n^A*. * tins 2 for 2 So flounce with two clusters of fine tucks and r T frame. 10-mch rolls,
S Oaia O^leU-Arnfy and N«? *<»" 3 of hemstitching, seasonable for fegJL^ galvanized iron cogs
£ Brand. fuH standards. 2-lb can3..20O c ° nntr y wear, price always 85c each .to- B and trimming that
5 Lunch Tcngue-Libby, McNeil -ft day only 6Og .^L i>i> TCl11 Dot
5 Libbv'a :... 1-lbcan2So Second Floor. aqua re or wad tubs,
% ChodoiatO-Stollvack's Princess, ~ Ml dS' I * 2^' tO '
*t high grade— to-day M SmmmM**mm**. Famous brands « /«>» -«lXJJ *:*¦< * Cf 22 Q
i U2 Ib oakes 25c LitSUOPSa at cut prices, Frl- <=* only &!.**&
* Main Floor-Rear. " day only. House Fnrntshin»s-Mata Floor.
5- Scotch V/h!sky...Vfm. Williams'. 12 £+^ m -----» A^ Ladies
X T^^mmmtOiB^ Closely woven years old, to-day, per bottle 97c %XUlnfiM9 %J*3Z0a $1.2- r >
rC E %MwW%*m9* Turkish Towels, COflr/iaC-Martell's 3-star, the genuine. Muslin
* size 24x50 inch- per bottle, to : day $1.59 Gown3, tucked yoke with ribbon inser-
•f e3, half bleached, perfect absorbers, a Sautcrno — An excallent 5-year-old tion, siz39 14, 15 and 16 only, special
5» splendid 23c bithroom towel — fJW t% grade, per gallon 59o to-day » 95c
V tO-dsy Only. m m O'C Main Floor— Rear. Second Floor.
* No matter whether It Is fn the acute or chronic state. "Rheumatism I
9 po-IUvely can be cured by taking ELECTROZONE. Don't let this 9
lingering disease destroy your objects and alms in life. Suffer no p.
> longer ELECTROZONE will effect a permanent cure. It haa cured B
thousands who had almost given up all hope of recovery. fl
| ELECTROZONE I
£ Is the most effectual of all remedies for the cure of Rheumatism. It 1
j ¦ acts directly on tho blood, removing all Impurities, and the result Is g£
I A POSITIVE CURE- B
i Th«» most obstinate cases of Rheumatism. Kidney and Bladder All- E
inents. Stomach Troubles and All Blood Diseases that have not be«n g
f. Lenc-fited by any other remedy have yielded to ELECTROZONE. K
3 A CAPITALIST ENDORSES IT. 1
3 LO<5*ANGELKS. Cal.. May 18. 1699.-ELECTROZONE MFO. CO.. 4M S. Los U
[ Ancrles Ft.- -Gentlemen- Tour Electroxone ha» Aone me more goofl than some $1600 K
*& I have In I^«« Areeleti »pent during the paet three years for medical attendance. JT
i My rheuma.lrm ha* entirely (rone and the stomach difficulty also. Iran now eat H
H without <l!*'re* s food that during th" paet seven y,ear» I have not been able to B
ri tcu-h. I n) «p Pound the entire nleht. „ ¦!¦ j^;,* '-- '"" |F
I herewith crant the Electrorone Manufacturing Company the prlyiU'ire to us« KM
? the above F^iterm-nt and" my picture as they deem best- JOHN CAMPBELL. ffi
j Sworn t<« and «ub«;rtbed before me this 18th day of JSIfJ^^'- kilLJan' &*
Notary Pubflc fa and for the County of Los Angeles. State of California. g
S At Drurfist*. Send for Pamphlet to K
3 fl bottle. ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco. jpIf recent developments in one of our local courts
be true, it is evident that the charter has not destroyed
the practice of the- fine art oT jury fixing: amonR US;
It takes something more than a change of form to
change the substance of things, i
Sir Waller Bcsant says the term Anglo-Saxon race
is mislendinR. and that it should be Anglo-Celtic, so
it is safe to bet the' worthy gentleman is one of the
follows who has followed the Queen in sporting the
snamrocK'.
Collector of the Port John P. Jackson ought tp
be supremely "happy. Eight out of- every ten coolie
"nr.the sons" whose case? he is not trying are being
:t::\zr\Ct<l to China by the Federal courts. ?
Russia, it is said, will /fall to pieces after one great
defeat in .battle. None of her critics seem inclined,
however, to teach her the lesson of a great defeat. !-
One of the amusing sights of the time is the effort
which the politicians of both parties are making to
get the people interested in the question, Who shall
be nominated for Vice President?
The steamer City of Peking has just arrived and
has brought 460 more Chinese to the port. If the
procession keeps up We will have a new Chinatown
on the Mail dock.
quite as severe as they experienced here.
Some of our local politicians have improved the
moral atmosphere of the town by leaving for Nome.
It is safe to say that they will meet there with a frost
Russia, it is reported, is trying, very hard to win
our trade away from Japan. If the. Czar would take
some of the brown men who are swarming to our
shores we might be in a mood to reciprocate the fa
vor.' . fe ; ' ¦;,
The farce that the seniors at -Stanford threatened
to enact because they couldn't play a different sort of
farce has been happily averted. The young gtntle
nien have kindly consented to play ball with the
faculty. • *-T;£'5
One of the strange and unexplained items of news
from Europe is that the Kaiser has taken the upward
twist out of his mustache. The fatft is interesting,
but what may tie its intent and purport must be let't
to conjecture.
Mayor Phelan, it is announced, wants to be recog
nized in the local Democratic Committee. If the
recognition be the same which the public has already
given to his Honor it is safe to. assume that it will
not be pleasant.
A Turkish admiral has come among us with a pur
pose of studying our naval establishment and per
haps purchasing an American warship, or so. That
controversy with the Sultan over indemnity must have
reached the critical stage.
. DEPORTING— C. E. R.. East Oakland.
Cal. The law which authorizes tho de
portation of an undesirable class of im
migrants was not na^ed at the time
James G. Blaine was Secretary of StaV.
The law wag signed March 3, 1S91.- Blaine
was appointed Secretary of State In
March, JS81. and resigned In December,
1S81.
OAKLAND'S FREE LIBRARY— S. H.
S.. San Rafael. Cal. The amount which
Andrew Carnegie agreed to donate to tha
Oakland Free Library was JCO.'JOO.
A KEG— II. P.. City. To learn the cubic
contents of a keg ascertain how marv
gallons the keg holds: 7.4305 gallons eaual
one cubic foot.
ANSWEKS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEW TiORK. May 24.-G. T>. Grimwoo-1
rl>, n » *ranclsco is at the. Waldorf an.l
John A. Woodward of San Jose is at the
Manhattan.
CALIF0BNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Although consumption' does not frighten commu
nities and produce panics like such infrequent .pesti
lences as cholera or jello.v fever, it is far more disas
trous to the Eastern States of the Union than the yel
low fever is to the South. Boston has been a yearly
sufferer from the disease, and Dr. Durgin of the
Board of Health of the city. is quoted as saying:
"Boston is one of the worst places on earth for con
sumption." The New York Post "in commenting
upon the disease in that city and State says: "In 1899
there were, in the boroughs of Manhattan and the
Bronx, 8016 deaths from pulmonary tuberculosis', and
1559 from other tuberculous diseases. The average
The advocates of governmental action .for the eradi
cation of consumption are sanguine of good results.
The Board of Health in New York City a few years
ago issued a circular giving information concerning
the treatment of the disease, warning nurses ajid
others against carelessness in handling the sputa of
patients, and laying down rules for the disinfection of
clothing and premises after deaths. As a result of
these regulations it is stated- there has been an appar
ent reduction of about 30 per cent in the number of
deaths from pulmonary tuberculosis^ in that city since
For some years there has been an active compaign
of education in the Eastern States upon the subject
of consumption and the possibility of eradicating it
by the adoption of wise precautions based upon scien
tific principles. Massachusetts has taken the lead in
grappling with the disease, and in 1898 provided a
fund for the establishment of a State sanitarium for
persons afflicted with it. New York has now followed
the example, and during the past winter her Legis-,
lature appropriated money for a similar sanitarium.
Other States where the disease is common will un
doubtedly make like provisions if the experiments in
Massachusetts and New York prove successful, and
in the course of a comparatively few years this dreaded
scourge of that section of the Union may be-well nigh
suppressed.
jH\ ISPATCHES from Boston announce that hcre-
I ) after "everj' physician in that city must report
every case of consumption that comes to his
notice to the Board of Health, as he would any other
case of contagious disease. After a death from this
disease hereafter the premises will be entered by the
Board of Health officers and disinfection performed,
and other means will be taken to guard against the
spread of the malady in Boston. These new rule's
have just been issued by the Board of Health, and
the plan is to enter upon a vigorous campaign against
tuberculosis and stamp it out, if such a' thing is pos
sible." . .
WAR flGfllNST CONSUMPTION.-.
IT seems strange that San Francisco re
fuses to understand the conditions sur
sounding the hydraulic miners and the
residents of the valley whose property
has been destroyed or is threatened with
destruction by debris from the mines.
You congratulate your readers in your
issue of Tuesday on the promised ending
of the prolonged controversy between
these interests, and . cite the fact that
work has been -authorized to be com
menced on a dam on the Yuba, recom
mended by the California Debris Commts
slon for the purpose, as that commission
expressly said, of .impounding matter al
ready iii the streams, and you- conclude
your editorial as follows: - «
To the men who have achieved the good re
sults new in nikht much credit' Is due. The.
strife between the miners In the mountains
and the people oC the valleys was hurtful to
tl?e b*st Interests of California In many ways
and.lt wb9 a matter of general congratulation
when thry agreed: upon a programme which
promised to open a way, for hydraulic rninkig
while at the e»me time securinc the farms
along the streams from harm. The outlook Is
now encouraging 'and it Is to be hoped there
will be no further hitch in the work.
. Now there has been no programme
agreed upon by which one monitor may
run one minute," and there will.be no such
programme.
Many years ago the detritus from the
hydraulic mlnea- began filling up the nv
ors and covering up; the lands, Including
many homes, and even the sacred spots
where rested the dead, and the valley
people were compelled to seek redress in
the courts. First came the Keyes cast,
which continued for several years, and
this was followed by the noted Gold Run
case tried at Sacramento by Judge Tern
'tile, and finally.' the celebrated case of
Woodruff against "the North Bloomfield,
in which Judge.. Sawyer- of J tho United
States Circuit Court laid down the law In
so masterful a manner as that no word
of it has since been controverted. Judge
Sawyer said 'that no man had a right to
Injure another. In person or property for
his own aggrandizement, and further, that
no pwer on earth could grant authority
to one person to injure another.
'After getting -such a decision and an
acknowledgment from all men that it was
the law; after erecting such an insur
mountable wall around their rights, it
would be idiotic on the part of the Anti-
Debris Association, representing, the val.
ley, to voluntarily -make a gap to allow
the entrance of any wooden horse, even
if recommended; by such oracles as the
great metropolitan press. All experiments
must.be made 'at the risk of the party
seeking the benefit. '
When Mr. Caminettl proposed his law
establishing . the Debris Commission it
was sought to get the- indorsement of the
Valley Association, but while that asso
ciation-did not: oppose It did not indorse
but was content to rest the matter where
Judge Sawyer put • lt^-content with the
knowledge that Congress had no right to
delegate any. authority to any commis
sion to license the destruction of prop
erty. If the miner who was In search of
a dump wanteS to get the approval of
a Government -engineer for a contrivance
by which he could do It without injury
to any one. the "association had no fault
to find: but ltcould become no party in
any shape- of furm to' Its -construction;
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
CONDITION OF THE
HYDRAULIC MINERS
Rev. B. Orth of Portland is at the Occi
dental. - • ¦ • ¦
-R. E. Hyde, a" banker of Visalla. Is at
the Palace.
Sheriff George Watt of Austin, Nev Is
at the I.ick. .
D. C. Page.' a merchant of Santa Rosa,
is at the Russ: -'.:>,
Frank H. F.irrar, a lawyer of Merced.
Is at the Grand.
H. K. Stahl, a mining man of San Jose,
is at the Grand. ->:-;"
Colonel' Gaines Lawson of Pasadena Is
at the Occidental.
W. Forsyth. the raisin grower of Fres
no, is at'the Occidental.
George B. Eppstein, a merchant of San
Antonio, is at the Palace.
T. J. Sherwood, editor of the Democrat
of MarysvHle. is at the Occidental. ¦
John. Burns, the well-known farmer and
grain man of Verona; Sutter County, Is
at the 1 Huss. - s
Dr. W.j J. Jackson has returned' to the
city after a; month's visit to the East,
where his wife and her sister. Miss Edith
Bergson, accompanied him.
G » W.'Harney, a prominent young busi
ness man of . Northern California and
manager of the largest peach orchard In
the State, is a guest at the Grand. He la
accompanied by his wife.
John Sebastian, general passenger agent
PERSONAL MENTION.
could take no part of the responsibility of
a failure.
Neither the Anti-Debris Association nor
any one authorized to speak for the val
ley interests lias asked for the construc
tion of the dam ' on the Yuba of which
you speak In the editorial, although the
avowed purpose was the retention of the
matter already in the streams; nor has it
expressed any opinion of what it will ac
complish. •
Now, then: Every man in the valley
feels an interest in the success of every
branch of mining, and every expression
at meetings of the association has been
to let it go on to the very verge of dam
age. That it has acted on the motto of
Davy Crockett — "Be sure you are right,
then go ahead"— has been proven. by the
fact that in all the numerous suits It has
always been right. No objection has been
made to tTiP- expenditure of money by the
State of the Federal governments to help
the miners along, but when plans are be
ing made if does not intend to be com
mitted.so that It may not go into court
and assert its rights.
Individually I liave taken as much time
and havo. given as much thought to plans
for the safe impounding of the debris. as
any unsalaried person, and I am sure no
man in the State would be more pleased
than I at some solution of the problem,
but I would not compromise the valley
on any plan, however much it might meet
my judgment, for you see my judgment
might be at fault, and they are not the
people to stand the consequences of a
faulty judgment.
Now. to "repeat, it Is the miner and not
the valley man who Is In want of a dump
and. the. latter has nothing in the wide
world to do with finding It for him. There
Is no use in the world in juggling with
the situation, and San Francisco had Just
as well understand it — a thing, however,
which she has persistently refused to do.
.— "SV. g. GREEN.
Colusa, May 23, 1900. " .
of the Rock Island Route, arrived In this
city yesterday and is a guest of Clinton
Jones. The mission of Sebastian to the
coaat is to change the personnel of tha
Los Angeles office of his company.
The Southern Pacific Company is pleased to plead
that t!ie wreck of the Alameda train which killed and
maimed seven people the other day was due to the
forgetfulness of one of its employes. A conscientious
jury in a damage suit might inspire the company to
employ men who do rot forget.
PARIS this year will be the Mecca for
expert marksmen of. all nations. Al-
I ready a score of noted .American
shots are . in the French capital
awaiting the opening of the competitions
in which they hope to prove their superi
ority over the marksmen of all other
countries.
The rifle and revolver cracks of the
United States are particularly sought for
the series of international tournaments to
be held in connection with the "World's
Kxposltion. and there is every reason to
believe that the Invitation to them Issued
by the president of the United Shooting
Clubs of France will be liberally respond
ed to.
Beginning in the. middle of June and ex
tending until the middle of August, the
tournaments will be carried on almost
continuously, and a fortune will be dis
tributed In, prizes.
Rewards are offered for best work with
rifles, shotguns, carbines, revolvers, pis
tols, military arms, bows, crossbows and
cannon.
The tournament will be under the
auspices of, the' French Government. It
has been organized by the Union des So
clctes de Tir de France.
Shooting in this tournament will be be
gun on July 19 and will be continued daily
until August 7.. The contests will be di
vided into twenty-four classes, for which
10.97S prizes, aggregating $4i),660, are of
fered.
Competition for these prizes will .take
place over the fine ranges at Versailles.
One hundred and thirty different styles
of targets will be shot at, and the -lls
tances will vary from thirteen to three
Independent of this there will be an
open international team revolver match,
beginning August 2. Teams will consist of
five men each and the distance will be flf
ty-flve yards. French marksmen are partic
ularly desirous of having Americans take
The Franco-American revolver match
by cable will be one of the most Interest
ing of the international events, and will
take place on or before June 20. It will be
shot by teams of ten men, each team com
peting In Its own country and cabling Its
scores to the opposing team.
Another live bird tournament will be
held under the direction of the Soclete le
Fusil de Chasse, from July. 13 to 17, Inclu
sive, the competition being at twenty,
pigeons, for which thirty prizes, consisting
of a division of the entries', with $500 add
ed, will be given.
On June 19. under the direction of the
Bois de- Boulogne Club, the competition
for the Grand Prix du Centenalre Twill be
begun. It will be at the distance of twen
ty-five metres, at live birds. Two thou
sand dollars will be awarded to the four
"high guns," of which one-half wfll go to
the highest. Under the direction of the
same club shootlnjy for the Grand Prix de
l'Exposition, at live birds, will be started
on June 25. This is the richest single
shooting event of the exposition series,
the first prize amounting to $4000.
The conditions for this match are that
six pigeons shall be shot at from a dis
tance of twenty-seven metres, at the rate
of two birds per day. The second prize
will" be 50 per cent of the entries up to
$3000, the third prize SO per cent up to
$1600 and the fourth prize 20 per cent up to
$1200.- * - - -
hundred and thirty yards. Included In
the exposition programme is the fourth
international team rifle match and the
contest for the rifle championship of the
world.
The Merchants" Association has done and is doing
a grsat deal of work for the improvement of the city,
and that fact justifies the Mission Clubs in turning
to the association for co-operation in the effort to
f!>: The responsibility for the present condition of the
city government and to force reform. Phelan has
frequently boasted thnt he controls the administration,
that the heads of departments are responsible not to
the people, but to bin:. It is his policy that has left
the streets dark and unswept a field for the operation
of criminals, and upon him will rest thr blame.
To the Mission Federation Clubs credit is due for
the zeal ;vith which they are working for the general
good. Did an equal public spirit pervade all sections
of the <rity we should .ere long obtain reform. The
Phelan administration is trying to shirk responsibil
ity for existing evils, snd if the shirking be permitted
we shall have dirt, darkness and deficit, accompanied
by a waste of public funds for the support of tax
eaters, as long as Mayor Phelan remains in office.
On the other hand, should the vigorous and well
founded protests of the Mission Clubs be supported
by the community generally we may force the Mayor
to keep at least some of the many pledges he made
In a signed statement pubJished in The Call on
Wednesday G L. Center, chairman of the Mission
Federation Committee on the Board of Public
Works, analyzed the estimates for the board and
pointed out that "while there is no money to spend in
the performance of large public works a clerical bu
reau has been provided for by that board which is
out of all proportion and unnecessary." He then
segregated the items and showed that "clerical sala
ries incidental to the expenditure on public works of
$181,720 amount to $62,840." This, as he says, means
"that for every $3 spent in actually performing work
on the streets, etc., §1 will be spent by the Board of
Public Works for bookkeeping."
Mr. Lillie stated the situation too mildh\ Some
thing more than a deficit confronts the people. There
lire streets unsprinkled and dirty, neglecteil by the
city, which the merchants at their own expense have
had to sprinkle and sweep in the interests of their
trade and for the protection of their wares. There
:?. moreover, the midnight darkness of unlighted
streets which exposes the public to predatory foot
pads and assassins and compels the citizen to carry
arms for defense of his person and his property when
he goes out at night. Thus in place of the municipal
improvement*; that Phelan promised, the city suffers
under his administration from dirt, debt, darknes?,
danger and deficit.
"When our clubs were asked by this association to
support Phelan and the r.ew charter we were prom
ised, first and foremost, an economical government.
We have derived some benefit from the charter, such
2s the merit system in selecting municipal employes
and home rule, but we fail to find any economy in
ihc new administration. In fact, it is the most costly
that we have ever had. Under the old system we al
v. ays came out with a balance on the credit side of
our ledger, but now only a deficit stares us in the
face."
AT the meeting of the Merchants' Association
m Wednesday evening there appeared a depu
tation from the Mission Federation Clubs to
request the association to assist in an effort to force
the Phelan administration to keep its pledge of econ
omy. In presenting the- Tcqucst Mr. A. S. Lillie, who
headed the delegation, said:
FIXING RESPONSIBILITY.
part In the open team revolver and rifle
matches.
M. Cellsse. a member of the United
Shooting Clubs of France, has lately ar
rived in this country In the Interest of the
exposition shooting tournaments. After
conferences with leading spirits among
marksmen 1 of the Eastern States. M.
Celisse feels sanguine that this republic
will be ably represented in both Individual
and team contests at Paris.
M. Cellsse has prepared a list of the
principal exposition events that are open
to American marksmen. This list, with
total prize money for each class, follows:
Class 1 — French national rifl>. at 220 yards:
unlimited series of three shots: $3760; premiums
for targets ?, 9 and I 1 *. Class 3— French national
rifle, al 220 yards: limited series of flv> shot":
J16S0. Class 3— Rifles of any mak». at 2?> yards;
unlimited series of thre* shots: ITSTO. Class ?—
Rifles of any make, at 220 yards; one- series of
ten shots for championship of world: $2235.
Class 5— Rifles of any make, at I3f> yards: un
limited series of ten shots: $1*43. Class 8—
, French military revolver, at 12 yards; unlimttetl
series of six shots: $S33; premiums for targets
8. 9 and 10. Class 7 — B^volvers of any make, at
55 yards: unlimited series of six shots: J65>>.
CIrss 8— Carbines of any make. 0.2-8 Inch
gauge, at 13 yards: unlimited series of four
shots: $;:«. Class 9~ Carbines of any make.
0.3-8 Inch Kauge, at 13 yards: two limited series
of four show. $333. Class 10— All kinds of arms
from 0.5-18 to 0.8-8 Inch gauge, at moving wild
boar, with running distance of six yards, at a
ranze of 44 yards; unlimited series of four
shots: $S0L Class 11— Fighting pistols not ex
ceeding hi inch; unlimited series of live shots
on cards at 22 yanl3; section A au vise and
section B au commanderr.ent. on silhouette:
section B to be shot at Vtseennes under rules
of Soclete de Plstolet. Class 12— French national
revolver, at 220 yardv unlimited series of thr?«
shots: for Juniors; $720; premiums for targets
8. 9 and 10. Class 13— International club team
contest, French national rifle, at 220 yards;
four members on each team; ene series of fl\-«
shots by each member; $1363. Class 1*—Simi
lar to class 13. but for Juniors only. Class 13 —
Fourth International team contest, rifles of
any make, at 330 yards: five members on a
team; each member to shoot 120 rounds one
third each standing, kneeling and lying down:
$1400. C^ass 20— Revolvers of any make, at 55
; yards; international team match; five members
on a team, each member shooting ten series of
six rounds each; $6000. Special popular content
— On silhouette of flvf fe«-t four and a quarter
inches, at 21D yards; limited series of three
shots: $1200. Special excellency contest— For
smallest scores mad? by the addition of test
cards of national and any make rifles and re
volver series; tliZO.
The regulations for the international
team rifle match (class 19) require that
entries be made one month prior to Aug
ust 4, accompanied by an entrance fee of
$20 for each team. The target will be of
one metre diameter, with bullseye of 23%
inches, and ten rings, counting from V)
to 1.
Foreigners competing in the exposition
tournaments will be allowed to take into
France with them free of duty their arms
and 500 rounds of ammunition for each
firearm upon presentation of invitation
card.
Hardly any enterprise on the part of the Govern
ment in the way of improving its service to the peo
ple has been more beneficial than this. Mr. Heath
states: "Already the correspondence which the de
partment receives in regard to rural free delivery
exceeds in bulk and diversity that of. any other branch
of the postoffice service." For the introduction and
extension of the system the country is largely in
debted to Congressman Loud of the Fifth District,
who as chairman of the Postoflice Committee of the
House has ably served r?ot only his State but the
whole Union.' Rural free delivery injures nobody's
trade, but benefits all. and there is no reason to
justify opposition to it from any source.
Commenting upon the benefits resulting from the
system, the Hon. Perry S. Heath, First Assistant
Postmaster General, recently stated in a magazine ar
ticle: "Rural free delivery will eventually impel the.
construction of macadamized agricultural roads all
over the United States. We are working in harmony
with good roads conventions everywhere to secure
proper roads for the rural carriers to travel over.
Great results have been already achieved in this re
spect, and more may be expected. On one route,
alone the farmers expended $3000 for the improve
ment of roads as a prerequisite to the establishment
of rural free delivery. * * * The direct advan
tages conferred on the immediate recipients of rural
free delivery are as obvious as the general benefits
received by the country at large. Farm lands en
hance in value by being made more accessible. Crops
bring better prices because the growers can get the
daily market reports and learn just what their produce
is worth. The wife can do her shopping at the
country store through the medium of the carrier with
out leaving her home."
Representative Cromer of Indiana said: "Before I
had the honor of representing the Eighth Indiana
District in Congress I went over three or four rural
free delivery routes in one of the counties now form
ing part of my Congressional district, "in company
with the special agent of the Postoffice Department
detailed for the investigation.' We found at one
point an organized opposition to the service on the
part of some of the country storekeepers, who feared
all sorts of injury to their business if the country peo
ple had their mails delivered-by rural free 'delivery in
stead of being compelled to come to the village to
receive them. We persuaded these people to give
the service a trial. Inside of six months they were
not only satisfied with the service but asked for
more."
SINCE some of the merchants doing business in
villages and small towns in districts where it
is proposed to extend the system of rural mail
delivery have expressed a fear that the operation of
the system would be injurious to their trade, it may
be worth while to point out to them that the ex
perience of other communities where rural delivery
has been in operation does not afford 'any reason for
their fears. ; : In the recent debates on the subject in
Congress that fea'ture of the issue was lully discussed'
and ample evidence was cited to show that the system
is a benefit not only to the people of the rural dis
tricts but to the country villages as well.
RURAL MfllL DELIVERY.
There can no longer be any doubt of the future
of Cape .Nome. Gamblers, politicians and ..versatile
sure-thing men are already on their' way to the cape,
and now the lawyers have turned northward. The
situation is complete; miners will be wise to keep a
retunr ticket as an available asset.
.
FRIDAY ' .MAY 25, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add-ess AU Communica isns to VV. S.~LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION «l TICK.. Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Mnlu I SOS.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS. HIT lo 2UI Stercaion St.
Trlriihom- Main 1S74.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weclc
Mnsrle Copies. ."» Crnt«.
Terms by Mnit. Including Po»«*eei
r>AILY CAU« nnclndinc Stonday), on* year W.00
DAILY CAUi «!re!U'i:-^ « months SOO
DA3LT CALL, (ir.rlurtin* hundav). 3 months LM
PAU.Y CALI^-By Single Month .¦ •••••• 65<1
FVSliA.Y CAM, On* i>ar J-W
ViEEKLT CAli. One t«mr '• ' °°
All poatmialrn are (lnthorired to receive
• ul»i>rrli»tion».
Simple ccpJei will t*> iorwarfied when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadtray
C GEORGE KR0GNE.S3,
Martrcr Fore : gn Advertising, Varquette Building, Chicago.
(Ix&s Distance T<-!»; hone" "Central 2613."*
SEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bjildir.g
CHICAGO NITWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcum; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FVercoat Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel. / •
NETV TOHK NEWS STANDS:
Wtiaorf -Astoria Hciei. A. Eientano. SI Union S<;a«x»; i
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hote j
VORTON £. CRANE. Correspondsnt.
Oni\rH OFFICKS — in Mcrt&oa-.ery. corner of Clay, open !
until S:I0 o'clocii. S9Q Hayee. open until 9.20 o'clock. 633 j
HcAIMster, opfn until S:20 o'clock. Cli Larkin. cptn uhtil
t:3C o'clock. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22J1 Market. \
r'r:.cr Sixte»-.*b. cp*>n until 9 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open '¦
vr.nl 8 o'c'.oci. JOf Eleventh, epe^ until 9 o'clock. NW cor- ]
rer Twenty-second and KT.tucliy. ryen until 9 o'clock.
CR ACK SHOTS IN COMPETITION
AT THE PARIS EXPOSITION
That was pessimistic prophecy, and not in broken
doses, either. Will the supporters of Colonel Bryan,
the Populist nominee, please to read it over and com
pare it with the existing industrial and commercial
conditions? The financial policy he opposed has not
only been in operation since 1897, but it has been con
creted in the law by enactment of the gold standard
bill. Interest on the public debt is reduced to 2 per
cent. Wages have not only increased, but more than
100 per cent more wage workers are employed. Busi
ness everywhere and of all kinds is so brisk that or
ders accumulate faster than they can be filled. The
bank deposits and depositors have increased, more
than 100 per cent. Where, then, are the "four years
more of harder times and greater agitation," so con
fidently foretold by this favorite of the Populists? We
fear that he was not born with a caul and that his gift
of prophecy. has not the trademark blown in the
glass.
We suppose that his admirers have his celebrated
book, "The First Battle." If they will turn to page
464 they will read his reprint therein of his speech
made at Baltimore in 1806. That speech pleased him
so that he thought it deserving of preservation in his
book along with other great, palpitating, pulsing
thoughts. In it he said: "If we win this fight now
reform will begin at once; if we are defeated in this
campaign there is nothing before the people but fovrf
years more of harder times and greater agitation, and
then victor}- will come. Our opponents say they want
to restore confidence, but the Republican party can
not restore prosperity in this country so long as that
prosperity is doled out to us by foreigners who" profit
in our distress. Business men complain that business
conditions are bad: 'I warn them that business condi
tions cannot be improved by following out the finan
cial policy which has brought business to its present
conditions."
Now Colonel Bryan is pleasing all such. All who
want the procession of the world's progress to stop
because they are too weak or too lazy to keep up
with it are pleased when Colonel Bryan lays all the
misfortunes of men to the "money power." In 1896
he had a fine field for this /sort of pessimism. The
Republican parly had been out of power for four
years and things were out of joint. The gospel of de
spair was more popular than the tidings of salvation.
Colonel Bryan went around rubbing the sore places
of business men without trade and workingmen with
out work. He laid ill their lacks and losses to the
gold standard and the gold bugs, and told t'-em that
things would go from the present bad to the. future
worse if McKinley were elected and the gold standard
were approved.
Perhaps this is because all of these cults have their
radix in pessimism. Whenever a man finds himself
without the energy and enterprise to keep up with
the procession, and lacking industry and thrift sees
others pass him in the march and succeed where he
has failed, he concludes that the world is wrong and
turns pessimist and vagarist.
THE POPULIST CANDIDATE.
THE country is getting a bit curious cto sec
whether the Democrats will nominate the Pop
ulist candidate for the Presidency and the Free
Silver Republican candidate for the Vice Presidency.
It is surely a queer situation for the Democracy to be
in", compelled to take its victuals already chewed from
the mouth of Populism. On the Western frontier
the law against selling whisky in bulk or by the glass
to Indians was habitually evaded by a white man first
taking the whisky into his own mouth and then
squirting it into the mouth of an Indian. Poor Lo
was glad to get the whisky even out of a white man's
mouth. The Democracy has descended to the same
condition. It is the "poor Lo" amongst parties, and
takes its principles and candidates out of the niouJi
of Populism without revolting. Colonel Bryan
seems to appeal to all the vagarists of the country.
This is probably because there is no social and po
litical vagary too rank for his indorsement. The an
archism of Altgeld. the communism of Pingrec an J
the socialism of the Mayor of Toledo all seek him out
ar.d are welcomed.
So far as the experiments have' gone in the direction
of adopting precautionary measures under the super
vision of Boards of Health the results have been en
couraging. We have already cited -the diminution of
the disease following the enforcement of Board of
Health regulations in New York, and in Boston
equally good effects are claimed. Thus it is stated the
deaths in that city from consumption have decreased
from 1349 in 1805 to 1236 in 1809. Considering that
comprehensive efforts to" suppress the disease have
hardly yet been made, and that what regulations are in
"force have been applied but a short time, it is certainly
encouraging to note so much of improvement as the
statistics show. It may be. indeed, that in another
generation consumption wiU be almost as ra.t as lep-
life of patients with recognized tuberculous disease in
this climate will probably not exceed three years.
Some authorities place it at t\y o years J among the
badly "housed, underfed poor of tfew York. As many
go away to, improve for die elsewhere, the New York
death rate indicates that we have between 20,000 and
25,000 well-defined cases of tuberculosis in Manhat
tan and the Bronx, and for these an average life not
exceeding two years is statistically allowed. For the.
State 45.000 to 50,000 cases would be a conservative
estimate.-"
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
often develop into weak,
delicate, backward children;
andersized, nervous, feeble,
adults. Lack of nourish-
ment is the cause..
Scottk Smut&icru
is; the remedy. A little of
\i three or four times a dav
will do wonders. The
pinched. ?ad faces become
round and rosy; the wasted
limbs plump and firm. If
your baby is not doing well,
try this great food-medicine.
VC aa J Jr. oo, «;1 drjjjiit«.
She— But you know thf> advice given to
people who ' contemplate matrimony—
"Don't!"
The Lover— Yes: but the man who wrote
that never saw you!— Puck.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 619 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone ilain 19C •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend'a.*
ASIUSEIiEKTS.
Grsr.4 Opera-houpt— "The Laiy Slavey."
Alcazar — "The Butterflies."
¦ 'r;!;cum— Vaudeville. *
Columbia— "The Tyrar.ry of Tear*.**
California— "The Amazons."
Tlvoli— "The '.Vizard of the. Nile"
Olympic, corner M^son ar.d Ed<ly streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
e%'er/.n£.
Fif?hvr's Concert Hoi:«««— "Fcurt."
Karp Ocrrpany Concert Ha!!— VaudevU>.
Futro Patfcs-^Oren nichts.
AUCTION SALES.
nr TVrr. O. Layr.s-Monday. May 2?. at 11 o'clock, Hot***.
ct T;i Howard sar<-et.Josephine E. Wells was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Asa H. Wells on
the ground of habitual intemperance.'
Mrs.- .Wells was awarded the custody of
her minor child.' $50 a month alimony. and
$75iCOunsel fees.' Suits for divorce have
been filed by Agnes Lewis from George
M. Lewis for ".-.infidelity, and Fannie J.
Walker against George Walker for de
sertion. •
AnhPUHrr-Busch's MAIVT-NUTntNE helps the
tnGrm, the aged, the convalescent and the new
mother beyond all other preparations. Renews
strMiBth-ancl appetite. •' The easy -tonic. Sold
by. all druectsts.' ".
A Helping Hand:
Another of the Cape Nome fleet got
away late last night and as usual there
was an enormous crowd do.wn to s^e her
away. The vessel was the Charles D.
Lane, formerly the Irrawaddy, and be
sides the members of the Wild Goose Min
ing and Trading Company, at the head
of which is Charles D. Lane, she took
away about 300 fortune hunters. From
here the vessel goes to Seattle, where
about 100 more passengers will be taken
aboard and then she will sail for Nome
direct.
Charles D. I^ane, who is at the- head of
the expedition, is accompanied- by his
wife and Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Brew-ster.
Mr, Brewster is Mr. Lane's private secre
tary. There was a larjje number of
women among the passengers. Some of
tne prominent ladles were: Mrs. J. J.
Hnviside and Miss Florence Haviside, Mrs.
K. M. Turner, Mrs. B. Marr, Miss C. Poel
lintz, Mrs. J. Ennis, Miss A. Kelly, Mrs.
H. L. Wilzky, Mrs. R. O. Evanston, Mrs.
E. L. Brown. Miss F. M. Koth, Miss L. C
Leigh. Miss Louise Tasel, Miss M. Young,
Miss S. Ford, Mrs.M. Stoddard and Mrs.
B. Peterson.
Grace A. Vroom or Mrs. Grace Addison,
the woman who was arrested for shooting
her husband because he would persist in
paying attention to J.Iiss Mnud Alorrell.
was aboard. Mrs. Addison is going to
Nome to join a theatrical company.
Others who sailed on the Charles D.
Lane are: Mr. and Mrs. F. White, Mr.
Birmingham and a party of ten from
Angels, Mr. and Mrs. Gerrard and Miss
Edna Gerrard, Mrs.- and* Miss Frame.
Captain Wicks. Mrs. J. S. Adair. Mrs. N.
Hatch, Mr. and Airs. J. C. Earp and Dr.
E. S. Grlgsby.
Transport Lawton Sails.
The transport I^awton, formerly the
United States auxiliary cruiser Badger,
sailed for Seattle yesterday. She will
take on . board a body of troops on the
Sound and will distribute them among
the various Alaskan headquarters. The
L.awton is now one of the best transports
in tbe service. Everything under ner
boilers was rebuilt and a new eleclric
light plant was "ut in. Two new houses
were built on deck the soldiers' quarters
put in. All the. work. wan clone in twenty
four days and the ship roc-s to sea in the
very best condition possible.
Water Front Notes.
Captain McClure, late of /the wrecked
bark Iolanl, sailed for Honolulu Tuesday
on the ship George Curtis.
All the British ships in port weed Baily
decked with bunting yesterday in honor
o- Queen Victoria's birthday. •
The cruiper Philadelphia went to Mare
Island,. yesterday for an overhauling:.
The navar reserve ship Marion -will
come down from the. navy yard next Sun
day. She has been placed in thorough re
pair. . . , •
Grace A. Vroom. Among Them — Tho
Transport Lawton Goes to ( Seat
tle to Take Troops From
There to Alaska.
Steamer Chas. D. Lane Gets
Away for Nome With
Many People.
The California Packing Company, which
was thrown into involuntary insolvency
¦a short time ago on a petiton of credit
ors, filed its schedule of debts and assets
yesterday in tho office of the clerk of the
United States Di.«tri«:t Court. J
The schedule shows an indebtedness of
$56,270 97 to the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works, of which amount $50,591 30 Is on
promissory notes. The security for this
debt is 21,973 shares -of the capital stock
of the California Packing Company, of
the par value of $1 per share, but "of real
value unknown. The insolvent company
recites that no part of this sum is owinir
to S. M. Smith individually, and that son£
notes stood in Mr. Smith's name because
of a clerical error on the part of the ac
countant of the corporation. AH the prom
issory notes to their full amount are in
dorsed by A. B. Patrick. '
The smallest individual creditors of the
corporation are its employes, to whom
there is due 51321 in sums ranging from tt
tO $?>50. ;V' ," *-
The largest creditors are tho Abramson-
Heunisch Company, on notes, $S1&3 3-1; San
Francisco National Bank. S.'OOO; Paciilc
Vinegar and Pickle Works, open account
$2145 02; Frederick Jones. ;700: California
Fruit Canners' Association. $613 L'5; E J
Cote. $4324 33. on promissory notes. The
remaining creditors are for smaJl sums,
less than $500 each.
The assets of the bankrupt are stated as
follows: Cash. $161: bii'.s, etc., $5603 16;
stock in trade. $13,673 13: machinery and
fixtures, $1795 15 J debts due en open ac
count, $17,207 14; money in bank and else
where. $229S 65. Total assets^ J-I0.83S 34.
Petitions In insolvency were filed yester
day as follows: . Joseph Storey, horse deal
er, San Francisco. $7498. no assets: Alfred
Bushell, bricklayer. Crockett, Contra Cos
ta County, $247, no assets.
Y. M. C. A. Will Open Camp for Boys.
The Young Men s Christian Association
has undertaken to establish for the boys
a safe and healthful summer resort at
Inverness, thirty-five miles north of San
Francisco, where they can live at actual
cost t A successful camp wns conrluctpfl
during tho latter part of June. 1S93, anrl
this led to the camp of this season, which
will accommodate fifty boys. Athletics
boating, fishinp and swimming will form
the principal, features of the camp lite.
The Criminal Little Beneficencla Publics
Co* of San Francisco. Drawing
Mny24. 1900.
No -72,010 wins $373". sold In San Francisco.
Cal.; No. 737fi wins flZSK sold In San Francisco,
Cal.- No. 74,«1S wins ?625, sold In Portland, Or.;
Nos.V 15.166, 48.92?, 5S.235. 53.154 and 73.978 each
wins $62 50, sold in fan Francisco, Cal •
All the Paper Indorsed by A. B. Pat
rick and Secured by Less Than
Twenty-Five Thousand
I>ollai'S.
t ¦ ...
More Than Fifty Thousand
Owing on Promissory
Notes.
SCHEDULE FILED
IN THE PACKING
COMPANY MATTER
sailed she was the only vessel left in Stan
ley.
"The Norwegian bark Kornmo also put
into Stanley while we- were there. The
captain died and his last wish was to
be buried ashore, so the bark put into
Stanley and the master was buried in con
secrated ground.
"During the storm our second mate,
Haider, was washed overboard, but he
managed to grab the mizzen lower top
sail sheet and we pulled him aboard
again. Chris Jacobson, an A. B. r was
washed off the poop and thrown against
the mizzen mast cutting his head badly.
These were about all the accidents to the
men."
Captain Graham's account of the acci
dents to his ship is very concise. He says:
"Had a succession of westerly gales,
lasting from September 2 to October 22, in
from latitude 64 degrees 38 minutes south
to longitude 64 d^grrees 52 minutes west
to latitude 51 degrees 27 minutes south to
longitude 57 degrees 56 minutes west. The
seas went clear over the ship, filling deck
to the rail. ' The cabin was flooded and
all the cabin stores were destroyed. Stove
in the skylight and broke the poop rail.
Damaged the steering gear and carried
away four bulwark stays. Blew away
fourteen sails and then put 'into Port
Stanley for repairs. Were in Port Stanley
from . October 23 to February 8. After
leaving Stanley we had a succession of
.westerly gales for eight days and then
had the usual- weather to port." \
There will be no desertions from the
Blackbraes while she is in port. The
boarding-house runners were out to her
in force, but they only wasted their time:
There is not a man on the ship who has
less than $150 cominjr to him, so they in
tend to stay by the vessel until she
reaches England again.
work we pot a weather cloth up in the
mizzen rigging. All our new suit of sails
was gone, so we' got out an old mizzen
lower topsail and set lt. For two days
the sail and the weather cloth held and
the ship was saved. Had they pone I
don't think any of us would have lived to
tell the tale.
"This was in the month of October and
when we gofinto Port Stanley we found
that the Blackbraes was not the only
vessel that was in distress. We found
twelve damaged ships there and learned
that eight more had put into Montevideo.
We were also told that the Italian ship
Bianca had been lost and her crew picked
up by the Beechbank. A Norwegian bark
was driven ashore on the West Falklands
and the crew escaped In the boats. The
hull and- general cargo were sold while
we were in Stanley for £11SS. The Dun
troon is supposed to have gone down with
all hands within a mile of us and a four
masted ship disappeared off Staten Island.
I think, however, that was some vessel
that turned tall and started for San Fran
cisco by the way of Good Hope.
"While we were lying In Stanley the
Norwegian bark Doris Broderaen came in
on fire. She was bound from Liverpool
for Guayaquil with a carRo of coal and
gunpowder and every minute wo thought
she would blow up. Had the ship caught
fire anywhere elpe but off the Horn the
crew would have taken to the boats in a
minute. It .resolved itself into a question
of beinp blown up or drowning, so they
took the chances of an explosion and
worked the bark Into Stanley. The poor
fellows were half dead with fright and
want of sleep, as not one of them dared
to lie down to sleep for fear he might not
live to see daylig-ht apain. »The fire was
put out and the Doris Brodersen had then
to be discharged and repaired. When we
"We had a terrible time of It," said the
boatswain of the Blackbraes yesterday.
"Fourteen sails were blown away one
after the other as fast as they could be
set. At one time there was nothing but
a few rags of the fore and main topsails
on the ship and then after some hard
The Blackbraes Is not a very lucky
ship. She Is only eight years old and four
of them have been taken up in making
two voyages to San Francisco. The last
time she was here it took her a year and
a day to come from England and this
time It has taken her 355, or eleven days
less than her previous voyage, to come
from England to this port. In both In
stances the long passages were caused by
damage received off the Horn In heavy
wesfther. On the first occasion her stand
ing rigging was very badly damaged and
she had to put back to Montevideo for
repairs. On the voyage Just completed
she had nearly a whole suit of sails
blown away and the steering gear was
damaged. She put Into Port Stanley In
distress, where she lay over three months
repairing damages.
THE crew of the British ship Black
braes was not at all sorry when the
Ji Farallones were sighted at an early
hour yesterday morning. A strong
fair -wind was blowing, so Captain Gra
ham did not wait for a tug, but sailed In.
For nearly a month there has been noth
ing to eat aboard the. ship but hardtack
and only a thrfe days' supply of that was
left when the anchor was dropped off Al
catraz.
British Ship Blackbraes in a Storm Off Cape Horn.
XVI.— NOTES AND HINTS FOR
AMATEURS.
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
I Notes and hints! Well, the average man
is in need of a. whole lot of them, but the
problem is, which particular one does he
1 need most at the present moment? The
field of photography is a big one. and some
particular phase of it may be brought un
der his notice to-day that may not inter
est him the least little bit,- and yet a
month later he might be .willing to give
considerable to have the information
placed In his hand. Again, I do not be
lieve much in giving hints. I much prefer
speaking plainly and telling how to do cer
tain things. On the other hand, a general
test like this permits a man, if he feela
like It, getting In a few body blows on
matters that do not justify a special ar
ticle.
For instance, I should like to get after
the average amateur photographer on his
craze for what he dignifies with the title
of "experimenting." He buys a camera to
make pictures, but before he has had it a
month one would think his sole aim in life
was to become an expert photographic
chemist. He exposes plates no longer to
have a record of something that inter
ested him. but that he may have a neces
sary adjunct in trying a new developer. '
He makes prints to experiment with a
new brand of paper or a new toning bath.
He thinks, he talks, he dreams about his
experiments, and honestly believes that
some day he is going to hit upon a com
bination that will automatically' produce
fine pictures. As a matter of fact, he Is
wandering in a perfect bog and is doomed
to stay there until he dies photographical
ly, or until somebody lifts -him out and
seats him on firm ground. Now. among
my readers there are certain to be thou
sand* of this type, and I want to Hind
out to them a few cold facts In order to
bring them to their photographic senses.
I think there Is more stupid nonsense
talked about developers than anything
else. Thousands upon thousands claim as
a result of experiments that they can
work wonders by modifying the develop
ing solution, and talk wisely about saving
this plate and that plate by their skill and
judgment. Rubbish! Their experiments
are not worth the price of the water used
in making them. In experimental work
the rule is one variation at a time, all
I other factors being "constant. So when a
man exposes a plate to-day on a snow scene
any two of them. There was always
something different that had to be figured
on and you all understand the pleasuro
there is in meeting a difhculty and by in
genuity surmounting it.
And that reminds me that I have a lit
tle trouble of my own on hand just now.
Five years ago 1 saw Niagara for the first
time, ami i>i course I photographed it.
Every negative went into the rubbish bin.
My rrientls thought they were line, but
they did not please me. Yon all Know
the average picture of Niagara; beautiful
effects j of water, but miserable rendering
or" foliage and rock— black smudges, noth
ing more. The next summer 1 tried with
isochromatic plates snd a color screen. I
saw some Improvement, but still th«^ sumo
miserable effects in leaves and stone. Tha
next time I went to Niagara I left my
camera at home. It was not because I
was indifferent, but simply because I hatl
not solved a probft-m tnat stared me la
the face and was in my mind almost every
day. I knew it was within the power of
isochromafic platc% to give me tne effect
I wanted, provided I got tho right kind
of color screen. Now. as I have hinted,
merely to go out and try color
screens on different landscapes is no way
to experiment, but it was necessary' ti>
fet a very definite dciensltic idea of what
wanted and just as exact a means of
proving when 1 had got the right answer.
It has taken me five years to collect thw
data I wanted, and I am now making tha
apparatus for my experiments. I expect
t<> have /the answer to my problem before
I make a single exposure on a natural
subject. 1 tell you all this just to illus
trate how completely every phase of tech
nical photography falls under the laws or
science. Experiment.-? made by individ
uals ignorant of even the elementary
principles of science are worthless.
But It is different in the realms of art.
The purpose of a picture is to give pW-as
ure. and if it does that for even fiw min
utes it has'fulrilled its mission, its maker
has made something worth making, even
although within a week he may have
learned a little more. And so on always,
happy over a picture to-day, seeing its
imperfections to-morrow, but with pleas
ure, for there is the satisfaction of some
thing attempted.- something done. alway3
a little more learned, always a little more
to be learned.
- All along I have tried to impress my
readers with the idea that a camera has
no brains, but brains have been expended
upon it. Often do T take up a new instru
ment find for half an hour admire th<»
brain power displayed in the mechanical
ingenuity it exhibits even In little details.
And then my equanimity is npset by get
ting half a dozen letters asking me which
is. the best camera. Any one of the in
struments en the market to-day selling
and develops with one chemical, and a
week later on a portrait, developing with
another chemical, he Introduces a large
number of variations — lighting, length of
exposure, temperature of solutions and
duration of development. How can any
sane man draw definite conclusions from
such a mixture as this? Of recent years a
few, a very few. "men have devoted much
time and thought to this problem, .and
their conclusions are now In the hands of
the public for consideration. As a matter
of fact, they find, given a certain exposure
on a plate, that it is really immaterial
what particular developer Is used, wheth
er pyro. mstfal. hydrokinone. ortol or any
thing else.~jT the negatives be all broucrht.
to the same density. So much. then, for
hoping to improve underexposures or over*
exposures by the use of a certain devel
oper.
They have also proved that once devel
opment has started it is utterly impos
sible to modify the final result -by tinker
ing with the developer. So all this talk
of saving an overexposed pjate by the
addition of this, that or the other "thing
is pr.re nonsense if development has start
ed before the condition of the exposure
is discovered. They do. however, say that
modification is possible to a very limited
extent if the error of exposure is known
hefor<: development has been begun. But
it requires a man to b« a scientific expert
to know •exactly what to do to get Jhe
effect he desires in a rasp of ovtfxpo
sure; and. expert or not. he-cannot make
any improvement in a case of. underexpo
sure. With the average man -the only
modification possible is in the duration of
development, the principle belns that pro
longed immersion In the solution tends to
give contrasty negatives, while flat nega
tives are got by curtailing the time in the
bath. Ho was a shrewd observer who
many long years ago remarked that the
: character of a negative was determined
the moment the shutter v/as closed.- I
think I have said enough "to demonstrate,
that this fooling around with developers
is a very unprofitable occupation for any
thinking individual. The formula recom
mended by the plate maker Is quite good
enough for me. for T know he has In his
employ highly trained chemists and that
they have made hundreds of systematic
experiments before recommending the
particular combination that comes with
the plates. On tlio other hand, I would
be just as content to take any of the
ready-made solutions supplied In the.
stores if I were' certain they were com
pounded of pure chemicals.
The technical side of photography is be
coming every day more and more an ex
act science, and print after print is
brought under the domain of law. In my
early photographic days. I was assured I
had to "feel'*' the correct exposure and
that if I went a little wrong I could com
pensate in development. T never yet in
all my photographic life felt the correct
exposurt- or any other kind of exposure,
but . I soon found myself calculating it
from my past experience. Exposure is as
much a matter of natural lav as are the
combining . principles of chemicals, and
there. -is now no excuse > for haphazard
when making a picture. I need not - say
one word about rny own tables, which
are probably well known' to many of my
reader?. ¦; .
I might talk about experiments In ton
ing baths and with brands of paper as
freely as I have talked about developing,
but I shall content myself with suggest
ing one particular Jlne. Itjis this— have
every hath- from the first washing water
to the last at exactly the same tempera
ture — say. €i> degrees. One -of the finest
printers I. know assures mo that this is
the sacret of her success. There Is n<*
guesswork at any stage, but absolutory
uniform condition?. -Every bath just 65
degrees, the same strength of toning so
lution every time, just the same number
of prints In each quantity of water and
kept there for just so many minutes by
the clock. And the Vame thing in the
hypo bath. ; The result? are prints* of a
beautifully even purple tone that I' have
•Hever seen surpassed.
' Tf you bought a camera, to make .pic
tures, please stay by your original Inten
tion. Anvbody can learn the ordinary
routine of photography in three month*,
but it takes a lifetime to learn. to make
pictures. Here, is a magnificent Held' for
experiment— just think of It!— an occupa
tion for life, and a; pleasant one at that.
Every exposure.a problem. ' I have-made
many thousands in- ray life, but I never
found the conditions exactly the same in
at $13 would hsve been considered wonder
ful value for the money a dozen yeara ago
at almost ten times the price. And yet
people keep on thinking thry must Ret
liner tools in order to make liner pictures.
Fine tools are undoubtedly proon; I am
fond of them myself, but every outfit on
the market to-day is a fine tool, and any
one whq cannot make tine work with It
must blame himself and not th<» Instru
ment. I have in my day made a few, a
very few. Rood photographs, and nearly
all of them were made with a cheap,
nameless French lens. One of them 1
submit as the only illustration this week,
with the rernarK that I spent thre*
months thinking: about it In a general way
and three wfpks in a very special way
before T made the attempt.
Note— This concludes the "Cours* In
Photojcraphy." No examinations v.ill bo
sot in this course. •
After Buffeting Terrible Storms They Subsist for More
Than a Month on Nothing but Water
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
CREW OF THE BRITISH SHIP
BLACKBRAES HAD ROUGH TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
In the Divorce Court.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
___^ AD VZRTISEMENTa.
two contTnents usingItT
Positively Cures Catarrh, Asthma, La Grippe,
Colds, Coughs and Most Diseases of Nose,
Head, Throat and Lungs.
CURE BEGINS WITH FIRST INHALATION.
All the medical, recuperative and I* r paf>hfJq fhP *?OPP <?nnt<?
\\ beneficial properties of the Euca- ll r C«"-IIt!i> me *VFV 5>pUlb.
\\ lyrtue and Pine trees" combined, . . , , ,
\\ ar.d harmonized with other effica- It HealS the TEW plaCCS.
\\ clous medicaments, are vitalized
\ \ and made the more effective In the J{ gOCS tO the Seat Of (JlS-
• Inhalation treatment. Tbe new °
<*v-^Ej!*\ combination of curatives— prepared 62SG.
L^*T — yC"fe^ according to a formula discovered
ty Prc>f - Munyon— cives forth la it penetrates obscure places
K^vlSa v *P<> r a remedial power that is in- W hpre drW<! tflkpn intrt
Jr~^yj7}L^ vincible. It exudes, lt exhale*. WIICI C Ui Ugb idKCIl 11110
/^4 "\?^ U elrits '° m 'thine-can lt what the stomach cannot reach.
S ™ t you w 'l'' ! — hut thnt something Is
IS^SSSS^S^S It acts as a balm and tonic
l\ i l\izig troubles disappear; malarial tO the Whole System,
/jy*-K \c <i:sease» cancot exl£t. It provides
S p^l I ¦» almost miraculous antlsepUc; Better than medicine.
I |! '"" it rurn'.Ebes a germicide which
M! fo^SJ'^^^^S?* Better than doctors.
S *1 M ll n Tbe raedicated vapor Inhaled n .. .. ,
trough the mcuth ar.d emitted better than going to sunny
IS; In, jtT 9 i % ".'¦ from the nostrils in clouds Is so rlimpc
?*¦'?* Lf. ¦ 3 " P*" r " >t '» t inif ' h »t ptimulatln* and ulIHICO.
» M fl<*3(i reviviryir.g- effects are felt at *nce.
¦ 1?% SSi» f li , The bronchial tubes quickly yield RpttPP thfln flnvthtntr vnn
v** _t^ fas? up thelr p hl '* m: X" the air DC i l ci uidii dnyining you
V.-TTiy pa^a*** are instantly cleared. hai'P PVAT tpiorf
cleansfd and purified. IlOVC CYcr.iriCU.
You Breathe In a Grateful, Healing, Soothing Influence:
NOX A MERE ODOR.
Come and See It. Come and Try It.
SPECIAL DEMONSTRATION.' Free Trial Treatment at
NO PKRCETNTAGE PRTO CO . W Market st. I McDOXXELL PHARMACY 106 Grant ave
CHANT DRCQ CO.. SS and <» Third ft. THE OWL, DRUG CO., 112S Market ft
FERRY DRUG CO.. foot Market ft. I OEO. DAHLBEXDER, ?14 Kearny et'
ZEH'S DRUG STORE, 1*26 Market st.
H. G. GEXDES. S45 Kearny Ft. iSTAR BALDWIN PHARMACT. 1016 Market
KATLT'S PHAIIMACT. cor. Grant and Sutter. H. B. KILBOTRN Third and South Park
V. KSTKRS VON KRAKAU. 2Hh and Folsom. | HENP.r F. WY.NXE, Folsom and 27th.
OAKLAND!
't^OOOD BROS.. Broadwar. I BOWMAN & CO, Broadway
OARRETT & TAOGART. i;oi Broadway. I WISHART'S DRUG STORE l^th and Wash
«iEO. FMITH & CO.. m Twelfth «. • W. T. HYDE. cor. Washington and »th
mP C1 <«-»«»> »» med'.cineF) at all drug-lsts. or will be sent by mail, postpaid, same
- L O I price. For fair.Uy use we have a larprer (rla?s inhaler. Price, $L00.
If you have rheamatlfin. try Munyon" s Rheumatism Cure; if you have dvenensia trv hN
D>n.n^ia «:ure; if. you have Kidney Pisc-ase. try his Kidney Cure : if you haveSache, frv
bla HftHtrtie <~ur% if you have any liver trouble, try his Liver Cure. Profes-or Munyon has
rr*par*d a Fjwciflr reir.^ly tor most every dlfeas.e. with which everj-body can doctor and cure
liims»-lf. They are mostly B c«iw each. V rite to Professor Munjon, 1303 Arch street Phila
delphla Pa. It is absolutely frt-e.
AMTJSE2KENT&
ONLY FOUR TIMES .MORE !
Of th«? Enormous Comic Opera Succ»«s.
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
Evenings at ?. Flr.al Matinee To-morrow.
SEXT WEEK— The Romantic Comic Opera,
THE THREE GUARDSMEN-
<r.-:.iod en Durr.as" Novel. Music by Varney.) j
J" Pi"LAR PRICES 20 and 50 cents |
Telephone Bush S. :
:.\~T TWO NIGHTS— MATIXKE SATURDAY
(Em p,^ om!I JOHN DREW
THE TYRANNY OF TEARS
I TVIdTTf^ Mr - Dn« *'•" appear at th«>
1MJ I I— • MaHor'jugh Theater. Oakland.
Saturday r.izbt. June 2.
C«gi=nin«: NEXT MONDAY.
N. C. GOODWIN
HAXINE ELLIOTT
In thflr great »accm«
WHEN W c Vv I HE T WrNTY-ONE
PHAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS.
~~ ~ " " ' flprtjs *
PHONE MAIN K2.
LAST NIGHT
Of the greatest of all musical comedies.
The Lady Slavey
. Commencing tt-morrow. Saturday matinee,
rorceouf production of Rice's famous extrava-
«anza. "14O2."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES."
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra, Saturday
Matlr.ee.. £ic.
Eranch Ticket Office Emporium.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY,
lic-ry Guy Carleton's Charmine Comedy.
NEXT fTEEK—Oyfle Fitch's Coped?,
THE SUPERFLUOUS HUSSAND.
jj.VTINKE (WED.» DECORATION DAT.
romine-FLORENCn ROBERTS as SAPHO.
CHUTES ANDJZ00. E £7 E A X Mft
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
and THE EXECTRXC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT.
CAKLWALK TOMORROW NIGHT.
Telethon*, for eeats— Park 23.
i CONCERT HALL— THE C F-KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
Cakewalk contw=t every Wednesday n!jht.
AC MISSION FREii-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE
OF
Ladies' Oxfords
V AND
Men's and Children's
ONE WEEK. ONLY.
LADIES' PLAIN TOE OXFORDS. hand
turned soles. Regular $2 50; now SOe
LADIES* SQUARE TOE OXFORDS, hand
turned soles. Regular $3 SO; now J)5c
LADIES' TAN LACE SHOES, cloth top, up-
to-date last, hand turned soles. Regular
$5 CO; now... $3.45
MISSES* FRENCH : KtD. GOAT. PATENT
LEATHER AND TAN BUTTON SHOES
(broken lot), sizes 12 to 2. Formerly J2 50
and $3 CO; to close out }H)e
MISSES' HUTTON' SHOES. TAN GOAT
(Laird. Schober & Co.'s makp). cloth tops,
coin and narrow square toes. I Regular $2 75:
now JJ1.2O
BOYS' /LACE SHOES, TAN AND BLACK,
very best makes, narrow toes. Regular
?3 50: now SI. SB
MEN'S TAN CALF LACE WELT SHOES,
medium eoles, pointed toes. Regular to 00:
now 91.55
GOODS STRICTLY AS ADVERTISED.
MAIL ORDERS KILLED PROMPTLY.
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. . CAL.
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/DAf'N Were successful at Nome last
IVilUUl! year. AlPcthers failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St., S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In operation dally, C23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DT-tEDQINa PUMPS. .
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Norn*,
are you? Better buy one; just the pump for
gravel: has interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natcma.
di-edqHg plmps.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Engines&BollerB. HendyMach.Wks.. 40 Fremont.
• GOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; in operation 26 Beale et:
"" . E>GINES.
In stock, steam, km. gasoline: full line; .iifrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
SILVER-PLATED AiMALGAM PLATFS. [i
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works, S62 Mis-
sion Bt., S. P. Phone Jessie 301.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. 35
Beale St.. S. F.: 248 E. 2d st.. Los Angeles.
TF^TS.
TENTS, Tents, Tents. Awnings and Covers.
F. THOMS. 1139 Mission st. Phone Howard 933.
PORTABLB liOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD : CO.. Washington
and in Ets.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., S. F.
OROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. 6BARBORO A CO., 621 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO l3 ffi' A
TO-NIGHT. , I AND
TO-MORROW MATINEE
XIGHT I TO-MORROW.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY IX
"THE AMAZONS"
CommencinK SUNDAY NIGHT. FAREWELL
T\ EEK of the NEILL COMPANY in the fol-
lowir.K Repertoire: Sunday, Monday and Tues-
day Nights and Wednesday (Memorial Day)
Matinee. "LORD CHUMLEV: Wednesday and
Thursday Tiichts. "A BACHELOK'S RO-
MANCEV : Thursday Matinee, "CAPTAIN
LETTERBLAIR-; /Friday and Saturday
NlglitP and Saturday Matinee. "CAPTAIN
i?\\ IFT."
Coming— Dunn & Rylpy's ALL STAR CAST.
_____ ¦¦ '^' A
BEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IX AMERICA
MAGNANI FAMILY,
"Th* Musical Barbers."
?v c _fu d o. EZRA KENDALL,
The Ta!k of the Town, Everythinz New
MLLE. BARTKO.
THE \VI_fON FAMILY
And Twenty Others.
•S-BIQ ACTS-9
Referred Sects. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box P*>ats, SOe.
: Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
-„ «2? O'l-'api. ll s..
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
1 - SIG. AP.RAMOKF. in Acts From
' . "FAVORITAV AXD "FA UriT." -"%>
MIPS 8ANDOLUN IN ENGLISH SONGS.
Adm'ysion, 10 cents. Matinee Sunday.-
SUTRO BATHS
OPEiN NIGHTS.
Own Daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathin/f from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. JOc. -CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 20c: Children. 20c.
PiBP^ WONDERFUL
. RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-KKNOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pleice tave to
the pub'.ic the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful trectmtnt of Her-
nia, or Uupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by thts K«*eat appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thl»
Truss is dlCerent from all others. It does tbe
work!
You can get oar "BOOKLET No. 1" by call.
Inir'at the office, or lt will be sent on receipt of
a :-cent etaros. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
Q2O Market Strert (Opposite Palace Hotel),
/ Ban Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
fW FAVORBTE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
___ — ; r ; —
1A/. T. HESS.
E0TART FUBLI3 AND
Tenth Floor. Room 1015." Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. £21 California St.. below Powell,
33SS^asroSBESH3S^3K3«E8l3
; CAMERA
i ¦ •¦-¦ '.-¦¦'-¦ '.
' THE, ONLY HlOH-CLAJSJ j
i PHOTOORAPKIC 1OUR.NAI \
| THE MLS^IJJIPPI v
j JLB1CRIPT1OS PRICE S1.5O A TEAR.
I 12O GUTTER. JTR.EET
| JAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
i , , *
Until you see the Outing
Number of
S, F. Newsletter
¦To-morrow, Saturday. Fory
pages, illu.trated through-
out, with much frank de-
scription.
fiif Sill mrTivTHURSDAY, May 24—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask
U S Bonds— • Efjult G L Co. 2% 2T4
4s quar coup..H5%115Ti Mutual El Co. 9 11
4s do reg. 116%115% O G L & 11.... — 45
4s do cr new-.lS^ilSS Pac Gas Im|>.. 45 4514
3s do coupon., lOSUHO |Pac L Co 42% 44
' Miscellaneous— S F O & E.... 46 47W
Cal-st Cab Cs:.119V4 — San Francisco. 4U in
C C -Water 6s.lOS',4 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Kd L ft P 6s..l28V4 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Flrem's Fund.227H —
Geary-st It 5s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5Hs.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Do 6s..... ....105 — Bank of Cal. ..410 415
L A Ry 6s VH 1O4>4 Cal S D & T..104 106
L A L Co 6s... — — First National. — 200
Do «rntd 6s.. — — Lon I* & A....132H
Do (tntd 5s.. 100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P ft Cs.1024 — Nov Nat Bank — — .
Market-st 6s.. .127 — Savings Hanks
Do 1st M 5s. 117% — Ger S & L...1S30 1 —
N C N G H 7s. — 114 Hum SAL..— _ "
N R ofCal 6s. 115 — Mut Sav Bnk.. 45»i
Do 6s. ...'.. ...116H — S P 8av U 505 —
N P C R R 6s.l01V4t02U Sav & L So.... 74 78
. Do Bs ..108 108',? Sec SavBk... — _
N Cal K R 6s. Hi — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G LAH5s.ni — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s.. .117^4 — California 121U123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Oeary-st* ...... 60" —
Oceanic S Co. .107 107H Market-st Ry.. 62% 62%
Om C Ry 6s... — 130 O 8 L & H.... — &o
P & Cl Ry 6«.1O3 — Presidio 16 —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — - Powder Stocks-^
Powell-st R 6s. 120 — California 180' 170
Sac L & G R5s — — . Giant- Con Co. 84% —
8 F & SJV 5S.119H120V4 Vlgorlt ........ 2% 3
hi Ity of Cal 6s.UH» — Sugar Stocks—
S Pof A 6s.... 114 1U% Hana B P Co.. 7% VA
Do (19O5).....100«ill0H Haw C & S Co S3 —
Do <1!*W.....11H»U3 Honokaa S Co. 33% 34
Do (1912)..... — 122V4 Hutch S 1» Co. 20>fc —
Do 1st eg 6s. — — Kllauea S Co. 20^ ;m
8 P r»r Cs 123 — . Makawell S Co 47% 48.
B V Water 6s.:il4%113'4 Onomea S Co.. 27*i 2SVI
Do 4s ..lOSVilOS^ Paauhau S Co. 31*i 32
-Do 3d mtg...l02% — , Miscellaneous— •¦-
Btocktn Gas 6s 99 , — . AI Pack. Assn. HB^illTU
Water ¦ Stocks— . Cal Fruit Asn. PS'^ 99>A
Contra Costa.. 70% 71V4|Mer Ex Assn.. — '. 100 .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
dividend of 55* cents per share.
To-day the Homestake Mining Company will
pay the regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share and the regular extra dividend of
the same amount, the two aggregating $105,000.
Business was dull on the vmomlng session
of the Bond' Exchange. Giant Powder sold
at 784 E0@S4.
In the afternoon Giant Powder sold up to
184 75 and Hawaiian Commercial was dealt in
at J8S@S9. Business continued dull.
The dividend of the Honokaa Sugar Planta
tion has been Increased to 35 cents, payable
June 1.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a dividend of 50 cents to-day.
The Gray Eagle Oil Company has declared a
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow, 22,
000 - estimated; left over, 3000, Active, - aver
aging fully 5c higher; top, 15 23, closing strong';
mixed and butchers', 55 05®5 30; good to choice
heavy, »5 25® 3 25; rough heavy.- $5 0G<S5 13;
light. SS am 80; bulk of sales, S3 2303 27^4.-
BHEEP— neeelpts, . 12,000. Bheep, steady to
10c lower;. lambs, 10c to 20o lower; some graz
ers arrived. Good • to choice ¦ wethers, $4 83®
CHICAGO. May 24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 9000;
steers, strong: butchers' etock, steady to strong.
Natives— Dost on eale to-day, one carload, $5 70;
good to prim* steers, $5 10@3 80;' pocr to me
dium, $4 4&©4 96; selected feeders, steady to
slow, U 40<55: mixed stockers, weak, J3 7&j?4 23;
cows, J3 25(&4 65; heifers, $3 60@5 25; canners,
$2 60<{j3 25; bulls. 13^4 40; calves, stronger. f5©
7. Texans— Receipts, 9C«, including 400 grazers;
beet on «alo to-day, one carload of Letters at
$5; Texas fed cteers, J4®4 25; Texas bulls, |3 23
®3 75. ¦ " ¦ ' ¦ ' , - ..-¦...
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW TORK, May 24. — The cotton market
was one great eennatlon to-day. No official
record of th# transactions was kept, but con
servative estimates placed the aggregate of the
day's dealings at considerably above the mil
lion bale mark. From the start to the finish
of this most extraordinary session there wan
on© enormous outpour of . long, cotton, supple
mented by the most aggressive conduct on the
part of the bears, who added largely to their
short interest. While the primary cause- of
the decline might be traced to the brilliant
character of the crop advices from the cottoD
belt the- immediate reason for to-day'B col
lapse was the tremendous selling for the ac
count of a banking firm originally very suc
cessful ion the long side of the account and
for months quoted as the leading factor in the
ups and downs of the market. This concern.
Price. McCormlck & Co., failed to-day. The
announcement of their inability to respond to
calls for margins reached the exchange at 12-.3T
p. m. and immediately the market became a
vortex of excitement. This firm had for months
dictated the price of cotton the world over,
with attention directed chiefly to the summer
positions and more 'especially to May and Au
gust. To-day May contracts broke 78 points—
they sold down to 8.4Sc. This was a decline of
120 points fr6m the high water mark. August
broke to 8.35c. a decline of 125 points from the
best prices current when the firm that failed
to-day appeared to be In absolute control of
the market. The decline on other positions
was generally 10 to 43 points. There were ru
mors pointing to other suspensions. The close
was at t-o lowest. \
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. -
Shares Closing '
Sold. Stock— U,,,' '
3.440 Atchisoa 2;ix !
2l.24<» Atcht*on prefd 70^
I,«W Baltimore & Ohio % [ 75?
.100 Canadian Pacific $$U
JOu Canada Southern rj'
1.3S5 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
2.5C1 Chicago Great Western jjt
s.TSO Chicago Burlington & Qulncy .. . 125%
4C9 Chicago Ind & Louisville 2J
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 12
Chicago A Eastern Illinois 100
110 Chicago 6. Northwectern 165
4. Iff) Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 10««i
20i) C C C & i=t LtuIs 6j
Colorado Southern 5
800 Colorado Buotbffa 1st prefd 4;
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ..; 16U
DfJawart* & Hudson 112'/fe
131 Delaware Leckawanna & Western. .177
»« Denver A Klo Grande 11514
3W» Denver Ac Rio Grande prefd i"\
Erie lit*
3M Krie Jet prefd .-. Zi\
2' lr Great Northern prefd 153
300 Kicking Coal ..-...:.. IS
Hocking Valley 1714
Illinois Central '.. IHH
ISO Iowa Ontrml '..... KV,
Iowa Central prefd 48
....... KiDHi'dtr'ntMbonr tc Gulf 17
....... Lake Erie * -Wetitera t'%,
209 Lake Erie A Western prefd VJ
..:.... Lake Bhore 212
3.425 Louierllle A Xashville T9H
Z.W> Manhattan Elevated g>«4
4.15* Metropolitan Street Railway ...155 .
l.r« Mexican Central 12'.i
Z5 Minneapolis A 6t Louis €V£
Minneapolis & St Louts pre'd ; *44
X&.KO Missouri Pacific 11%
MoWle & Ohio 40
$00 Missouri Kansas & Teraa iOM
710 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .... SZfe
New Jersey Central ....11*
tu New TorkOeatral ..¦ UUi
NEW TOniC May 24.— Interest was still
further constricted In the stock market this
mornlr.g and the market had fallen near to the
point of stagnation when premonitory symp
toms b^cran to appear of distress on the part
of eome speculative Interests. The market sdM
off tharply on a larger volume of dealings
than for eome time past. This rat explained
eoon after noon by the announcement of the
euspenoion of Price. McCormlck & Co.. which
¦was msJc first on the Cotton Exchange and
•oon afterward from the rostrum of the Stock
Exchange. According to the rule cf the ex
change the suspension was followed by the
dosing out of outstanding contracts of the
eurpen<le<J firm on the floor of th* exchange.
The rest of the day wos practically devoted
to this telling and buying under the rule, other
operations being almost entirely given over.
The dealings for the firm's account footed up
to S3.9&0 chares before the close. A heavy out
standing short account wss In evidence in the
settlement and the movement of prices re
sulting was exceedingly confused and Irregular.
In many Mocks for which thero was little de
mand the forcr-d sale caused sharp declines,
and the active list was at one time from
1 to 2 points oft from the best. The steel
stocks were also much affect«d. There were
decided recoveries from the lowest prices and
the closing, while almost rtagnant. showed the
net losses in the railroads generally reduced
to fraction*. The failure was primarily due
to commitments in cctton and the violent <ie
cfinee in that etajjle cf the last two days
*•»* the cause of the firm's difficulties. Sugar
continued the mo*t active etock in the market
and moved in a feverish and erratic manner
all dar- Its extreme net decline was 2\ points
and Jts loss en the day Is m points. The
movement of the stock was not accompanied
by any news and seemed purely speculative In
character. The Meel stock* were depressed by
the rather discouraging view expressed by the
Iron Age of prospects in the trade, that au
thority advising a rharp curtailment of pro
duction. Rates for money continue very easy.
In view cf the foreign exchange situation and
outward movement of gold much interest at
tached to the quest;™ wh-ther Liverpool will
buy cctton heavily after to-day's severe break
while the Liverpool exchange was closed for
a. holiday. A feature of the day was a sale
of Standard OH in the outside market at &C6.
compared with £30 yesterday, which ,was then
the hlfiheet price on record.
The bond. market was exceedingly dull and
change* were mixed. Total sales, par value.
ll.36C.0C0.
United States old 4s advanced % and the 5s.
new coupon 4s and 3s i coupon) and the 2s
hi tn th* bid price.
Nexv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
.Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
-¦ thorny of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ana low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
May 24, 1900. . ¦
The time -ball 'on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. - •
C. a. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N..' In charge.
Branch . Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
Time Ball.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 24.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. IS hours from Rock
port.
Stmr.Crnceat City. Stock fleth. 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Oeo Loomls. Brt&rett. 36 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 40 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 25 hours from Monterey,
etc.
Br shlo Blackbraefl, Graham. 3S5 days from.
Dundee, via Newcastle, England, 335 days, via
Port Stanley 104 days.
Bktn Gardiner City, SchmehL 63 hours from
Coos Bay.
Schr Gem, Nelson. 18 hoars from Coqullle
River.
CLEARED.
Thursday. May 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins <& Co.
Ship Iroquots. Thompson. Seattle: Williams.
Dlmond & Co.
Schr Barbara. Hercster, Olses. Golovta Bar;
Wild Goose M St I Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. May t*.
£tmr Grace Dollar. Dorrts, Qase Koma.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. .
Stmr Chas D Lane. Warner. Seattle.
U S stmr Lawton, Magune. Seattle.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowena Landing:.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Nyman. Coos Bay.
Schr John D Taliant. Hoffland. Vancouver.
Schr Lily. Bottzer. Cmpqua.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 24. 19 p xa— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOICEN '
March 30. lat 33 S. Ion 35 W— Br ship Crown
of Scotland, hence Jan 10 for Qneenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br stmr Danube Is ashore on tha rocks in
Victoria harbor and is now discharging frtlght.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 24— Stair
Navarro. hence May 23.
Sailed May 24— Haw stcsr Saa Mateo. for
Nanalmo.
FORT BRAGG— ArriTed May 24— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 23.
TACOMA — Sailed May 24 — Ship Dashing
Wave, for Cape Nome; schr Mary K Kiua, Xur
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May Z4— Scar Coia
peer, from Port Townsend.
Sailed May 24— Schr Lottie Bennett, for Taka.
EUREKA— Arrived May 2t— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 23.
FORT ROSS— Arrived May 24— Schr Nettie
Snndborg. hence May 12.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 23-Strnr Garonne, for
Cape Nome: stmr Olympla. far Cap> Nome;
stmr City of Seattle, for Skaguay.
Arrived May 23— Stmr Centennial., hence May
19. May 24— Stmr Excelsior, from Cooka Inlet.
SaUed May 24— Stmr Ohio, for Cape Nome.
Arrived May 24 — Stmr San Bias, hence
May 19
ASTORIA-Arrived May 2t-Stmr Despatch.
hence Mav 19: stmr Del Norte hence May 1..
Br shin Galcate. from Shanghai.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 24— Schr Axalea. for
G COOS H BA^Sa!led May 24-Stmr Arcata. far
S CCOS^AY-Salled May 24-Stmr Arcata. for
S CASPA n R-Salled May 2*-Stmr Clecne. for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA-Arrived May !4-Bark Guy
23-Br stmr Athos.
"ianed^MaV 23-Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 24— Jap »tmr Nlp-
22-Br ship Crown
° HU^KrriJeTMaTI^Br ship Helensburgh.
he poRT > aAID-Arrlved May 23-Br rtmr Kha-
Hf from Norfolk for Manila.
OUE T --NSTOWN— Arrived May 23— Br ship
Hiitton Hall, from Oregon, and sailed for Ant
wero May 23: Br bark Inveraelll. hence Jan 14.
Ma? 24-Br ship Australia, hence Dec 13.
FALMOUTH-Arrlved May 24-Br ship May
fl TYNE^Arrited^May «-Br ship Corunna. to
i»<ir< tnr "an Frandscco.
May 22-Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver May 23-Stmr
Citr of R«o <Je Janeiro, hence May 3.
A^APULCO-Salleel May 23-Stmr City of
Mar «-Oer ship
E ?O l NboN-In C S,rt n May 10-Br ship Glaucus.
! %$rc£££ri- May 23-Br ship Galena.
bark Inver
j Rick
m MONTEvFDEO^Salle<l May 5-Cer stmr Vol
umnia. for Hamburg
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived May 24— Stmr Manltou.
from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived May 24— Stmr Eras, from
\>w York, and sailed for Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 24— Stmr Bovie. for
* QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 24— Stmr Belgen
land. from Liverpool for Philadelphia; stinr
Majestic from Liverpool, for New York.
Arrived May 24— Stmr Pennland, from Phlla
, delphia for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 24— Stmr L'Aqul
talne. for Havre; stmr Auguste Victoria, for 1
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Grosser Kerfust, for Bremen, via Southampton,
Warren D. Clark (owner) with A. Howklns
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees —
All work except painting for a two-story, base
ment and attic frame building on NW corner
of Clay, and Laurel streets. 127:8U by J4:4Vi;
$16.200. - i - -_
Dr. Albert Abrams (owner) with Hannah
Brothers (contractors), architect M. J. Lyon—
All. work for alterations and Improvements to
residence on SW corner of Van Ness avenue
and California street. W 135:3 by S 60; J3500.
Same owner with M. Klernan (contractor),
architects same— Lathing and plastering for
same on S line of Twenty-third street. 14fi:« E
of Fair Oaks, W 55, S 93:7^i. E 44:2%. N 9S:2»i;
$1025.
Builders' Contracts.
F. H. Wulzen (owner) with Eastman Broth
ers (contractors), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg—Plumbing, gasflttlng and sewers for a
three-story frame building (6 flats) on S line
of Twenty-third street, 146:6 E of Fair Oaks.
W 55. S 95:7%. E 44:2H. N 96:2^: JUSO.
Lizzie D. Knudsen to George II. Enas, lot
on NE line of East Sixteenth street. 50 SB
of Twelfth avenue. SE 60 by NE 1C0, block
S3 Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
alary A. Tounsend (by Oscar L. Rogers.
Sheriff) to Oakland Paving Company (assigned
to Mary A. Tounsend), lot on E line of Shattuck
avenue, 230.67 S of Channing way, W 93.41. S
50.13. E 93.41 N to beginning/being a portion
of block 3, College Homestead. Berkeley; J2U.
John and Ellen M. Rackllffe to Frank J.
Rackllffe, lot on SW corner of John and Web
ster streets. W 125 by S 100. being lot 1. block 7.
Map of Howe Tract. Oakland: J10.
Home Building Company (a corporation) of
San Francisco to Maria P. Morse (widow), re
record 721 D 378, lot on N line of Forest street.
615 E of Peralta avenue. E 25 by N 175. being
the E 25 feet of lot 9. Forest Park Tract,
Brooklyn .Township: $10.
Edith M. Raymond to Charles F. Foster and
Warren N. Woodson. lot on E line of. Arch
street. 100.23 S of HHgard avenue. S 60.14. Et
13S.325, W 134.565 to beginning, being lot 3
block 4, Daley" • Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Thomas T. Williams to Margaret 'Williams,
let on S line of Elm (or Twenty-fourth) street.
153 E of Grove. E 35. S 135:11. W 35. N 135:6
to beginning, being lot 21, block P. Kelsey
Tract, Oakland; gift.
Alameda County.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to Susan and
E. Louis Lowe, lot on W line of Utah street,
1% N of El Dorado, N 32:6, W 104, W 17, W 79,
S 33:0%. E 100, S 16, E 100. quitclaim deed; $5.
Louise M. Carver to Annie Chapman (wife of
Frank M.). lot on W line of Corbett road. 93:3
S of Diamond alley. SW 95:3. NW 135:1. NE 75.
SE 135. block 23, Market-street Homestead; J10.
Harry .W. Morrell to Manuel I. Plres, lot 412,
gift map 1; J100.
Patrick Phelan to Henry G. Phelan and Nel
lie M. Dwelle. lot on NW line of Clara street.
150 SW of Ritch, SW 25 by NW 75; gift.
Sebastian and Jeanatta Gramlich to Daniel
Hoffmann, undivided half of lot on SE line of
Bryant street, 110 SW of Sixth, SW 25 by SE
75: J10.
Rebecca Doherty to J. J. Raucr, lot on N
line of Duncan street, 101:9 W of Douglass.
W 50:11 by N 114; $10.
Arthur McLea to Bella McLea. Mary Hoenes
(wife of William H) and Annie and William
R. Eaton, lot on SE line of Mission street. 233
NE of Fourth. NE 60 by SE 100; also lot on
SW corner of Bush and Dupont streets, W 23
by S 22; also lot on S line of Folsom street. 70
NE of Third. NE «7:6. SE 93:6, SW 37:6. NW
22. SW 30. NW 71:6; J10.
Hannah Busslnger to John T. and Hannah
Shales, lot on SW corner of Twenty-seventh
and Sanchez streets. W 80 by S 24; J10.
Byron and Mary H. Ring to M. J. Rudolph
Mohr, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
101:9 W of Sanchez, W 25:51» by S 114; $150.
Jane N. and John H. M. Montell to H. F.
Peart, lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 100
E of Church. E 25 by S Sl:6; *1.
Estate of Francis M. Montell (by H. J. and
C. L. TlU'en, executors) to same, same: J3000.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to George
M. Rots, lot on N line of Day street, 139 W
of Dolores, W 25 by N 114; J10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
H. Drunnlngrs. lot on NAV corner of Flllmore
and Vallejo streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6; — .
Same to Andrew Nelson, lot on W Una of
Devlsadero street, 100 N of Bush, N 73 by W
100; — .
Lina Bemz (Stoffel) to G. F. Terschuren,
re-record 1S62 d 84. lot on N line of Clay street.
77:6 E of Spruce. E 30 by N 100; J10.
Anna II. S. and Gustav Schwarz to Mary
E. Grant, lot on E line of Mission street. 85
S of Twenty-third, S 35 by E 122:6; J10.
Morris, Annie. Meyer and Sophie Lando to
Rose Leszynsky, lot on N line of Ellis street.
192:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by N 137:6; J10.
Thomas and Catherine Downing to George
K. Frlnk. lot on E line of Polk street. lC3:2Vi
N of Clay, N 22:6 by E 100; 1350.
John G. Chase to Ellen Chase, lot on W line
of Larkin street. 24 N of Vallejo, ?• 4S by W
100; — .
Estate of Charles J. BehJow (by Robert and
Bertha Behlow, executors) to Louis Zeh, lot on
W line of Van Ness avenue, 45 S of Fulton
street. S 25 by W 109:9; J16.000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CHICAGO, May 21.— The rather bearish tone
of the Price Current weekly crop summary,
being taken in the wheat pit in lieu of other
neus, had a slightly bearish effect at the
opening, July beginning the session H'SVtC
under yesterday at 67c. Liverpool and Paris
were both celebrating and the absence of quo
tations from these centers of the grain trade
had a quieting effect on the grain trade here,
boon atter the ci>ening olfl items made their
usuai appearance and were absorbed to bome
I extent. It was Impressed upon the speculators
i that the Northwest needed rain badly. One
I expert said the country In places was dry as
a bone. Illinois, Kansas, Ohio and other Starts
continued to complain of fly, and one Kan
! fat man tent in a sample of badly yellow
; wheat to show what the rains had done in
', his State. Under these considerations July
] advanced to 67 l ,i'(i67%e. Protlt-taklng and the
j failure of a prominent' New York cotton firm
; eent July back to 67c. but the close was firm.
| July closed unchanged at 67'.tg67Uc
I Corn was fairly active and firm until the
! Prieo-MeConnick failure in New York un
: expectedly threw considerable, quantities upon
! the market. Then it broke and the close was
I weak. July left eft 'i@?ic down at 37%c.
Oats were dull and easy. Western offerings
were freer and the corn easiness was an in
fluence. July closfxi U'UHc up from yesterday
at 21%Q21%c.
Provisions were surpassingly dull the greater
rart of the session and to this condition of
affairs was due a slight recession in .prices.
July pork closed 24'gic under yesterday and
lard and ribs left off unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and. steady; No. 3 spring wheat, C2C'G0c; No 2
red, 725J72V4C: No. 2 corn. 27V4c; No. 2 1 yellow
37>4c; No. 2 oats. 22V4<??23Vtc: No. 2 white 25>i
@26>ic; No. 3 white. 24%<if:0VzC; good feeding
barley, 3fi#36V4c; fair to choice mailing, 3Sr»j'4ic;
No. 1 naxseed. Jl SO; No. 1 Northwestern. »1 80;
prime timothy seed, }2 4.1; mess pork, per bar
rel, J10 35(511 45; lard, per 100 pounds, id SOW
6 it.">; short ribs sides Uooee), >6 404(6 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 6WXt%c; elM'rt clear
sides (boxed). J7@J 10: whisky, basis' of high
wines, Jl 25; clover, contract grade, J7 50.
On the Produce Exchanee to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, lo@19Hci dairy,
13Viigl7c. Cheese, slow; WQitHc. Eggs, strong;
fresh, HHc.
Clijcago Grain Market.
Prices for the leading fruits, such as Cher
ries, Apricots and Peaches, " remain about the
same, though supplies : of all three are larger.
Plums meet- with little demand. Berrle* con
tlnuo . to : bring : good • prices.
• Four cara of Bananas- came In and < sold off
quickly at J2 25®3 per bunch. ... .
Gooseberries were In . quick demand yeste r-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
3ut)er la w*ak and -some .leal'irs are <iuot
liig Me off. Packing orders p re dlmlnbhtiig.
Eggs. too. are weak and dull, with increasing
stockj". • There Is no change in Clic«»se.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy ' Creamery, 17@l8c; seconds
ISSievic. -¦' , ' ¦: • ¦ ¦ •.-¦•: . ¦
Dairy— Fancy, 16SH%c; good to choice, 140
15%c; common. 13Hc
CHEESE— New, 7^©8%c; Young America, 9®
9Hc: Eastern, ie©17c; Western. 15@16c per lb
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and UQ16c
per dozen for ranch. ' : -
An attempt is being made to form n Buxter
It5.<:l.ange and a meeting will be h.*U to-inrr
row lei this purpose. This is a move lustre
ripht direction and it Is to . bo honed that it
will be successful. There never will be a stable
bullet market t.ere until an exei;in;:e is ei
tabllfhed. ..'".¦¦ : ' >
Butter, Cheese chid Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
bltrs and 12©13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
II 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, J4 50Q5
for old and $5@6 for young; Hens, J4®4 50;
Young Roosters, S5@6; Old Roosters, t3 60@4;
Fryers, J4JJ4 50; Broilers. J3©3 50 for large and
$1 7.V/72 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen
for old and Jl 75@2 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Thi> market Is dragging and wP.l continue so
until the Eastern Is worked oft. Quotations are
weak, but stand about the same.
' Poultry and Game.
There Is nothing new to report, except that
new Hay Is continually coming In, notwith
standing the commission merchants' reiuest to
the farmers to hold it back until there is some
diniand for It..
MIDDLINGS— $17ff20 per ton.
FEKDbTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 tO?»2S; Cocoanut Cake. S20©21; Corn Meal,
|25; Cracked Corn, $2.-> 50; Mixed Feed, J15 50;
$25; Cracked Corn, $25 SO; Mixed Feed, $15 10.
HAY— Wheat, t~@'J ,(or common to good. J3 50
tfflO for choice; Wheat and Oat, J7#9; Oat
$6©S; Barley. $5(f?7: Alfalfa, J3«r7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, J4 50@5 50; Wheat,
£Cg7 psr ton.
bTnAW-25(S37Hc per bale.
Beans and. Seeds.
' Inactive and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. J3&3 20; small White, J3 25®
3 45; large White, J3 10@3 20; Pink, J2 5082 90;
I Red, J3 23S3 50; Blackeye, $3 50@4; Butters.
I nominal; Lima. J5 23S5 30; Pea. J3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys. HQ4 £0.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. Jl 9002 20; Canary. 3Vic
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2H®3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy. 4{j4MiC.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 90<S2 25; Green, Jl 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions show a downward ten
dency under liberal receipts. String Benns con
tinue firm. Receipts of Corn and Squash con
tinue to Increase.
l'OTATOKS— Burbanks, 35!S<>0c per sack; Ore
gon P.urbanks. 501170c; New Potatoes, 45<S90c
in sacks and 50c(ijl In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 75@90c per ctl; Austral-
Ian. »3«i'3 50 per ctl. •
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 15@23c per doz;
Rhubarb, 35<!JS5c per box; Asparagus, 25c@$l
per box for No. 2 and SI 25(31 50 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for fancy laic: Green Peas.. 7.*ic?jSl per
rack for common and $1 25 for Garden; String
Beans. !05c; Refugees, 6c: Wax Beans.
SiffoVic: Cabbage, 40<350c; Tomatoes, JUsl 76;
Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 6@Scr Dried
Okra. 3i'4c per lb; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 6®10c; Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots,
2Z<ZiZoc per sack; Summer Squash. 50@75c per
box for Vacaville and $1 25i21 75 for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 40®75c per dozen for hothouse and
Jl 60<31 75 per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic,
4Q5c per lb.
Ha\ and Fccdstuffs.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices -In slick:* are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Floar. $2 75 per 1J0 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Hye
Meal. ?2 50; Hice Flour. ?7: Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $1 50; Hominy. J3 25€3 50: Buck
wheat Flour. Jltfl 25; Cracked -Wheat, f3 23;
Farina. J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,. J3; Rolled
Oat3 (barrels). tCSI 23; In sacks. $5 75©7; Pearl
liarley. $5; Split Peas. ?5; Green Peas, $i 50 per
100 lbs. •
FLOUR— California, family extras, J3 6003 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 4O@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J! 25@3 per barrel.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9 :1S o'clock— Xo sales.
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue quiet and unchanged.
White. $1 10®l 30; Red. |1®1 20; Gray. II 07»4
@1 is: mark. $1Q1 07<.».
CORN— Eastern Eastern large Yellow, $1 1533
1 20 per ctl; Eastern White. Jligl 10 per ctl
RYE— 35Q97VJC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
Flour and MUlstnffs.
Exchange and Bullion.
Pterllng Exchange, sixty days... — 14 K»i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 58»i
Sterling Cables — 4 S9?i
New York Exchange, eight — "15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce..... — 60
Mexican Dollars '. 4SV4 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— It was a holiday In Liverpool and
Paris.
Chicago ruled steady to firm, with few sell
ers. The rains in the Northwest proved In
sufficient. Kansas crop reports were adverse.
The leaders bought, which locked higher.
Futures were a fraction cr so better In the
local market.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 90S91Vic; milling, 93%
GSCVic.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sosslon — 9:1G o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, %l 00i»; 4000. $1 0OM; 14.000, Jl 00%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, Jl 00H;
16,000, Jl OC-U.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
Jl CO'n; 10.000. Jl COU.
i Afternoon Session— No rales.
! IIARLEY — Prlci?3 remain as before, with the
usual dull market.
Feed. 701?72 1 ,»c for No. 1 antl 63S67'Ac for off
grad<i<: 1-Jrewlng and Shipping grade?. 7J@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion of the Paclrtc Slope and fair
over the southern. Light rain has fallen over
the western portions of Washington and Ore
gon and In Southeastern Idaho.
During the past twelve hours the pressure
has fallen rapidly along the Washington and
Oregon coasts.
The temperature has fallen over Eastern
Washington and remained nearly stationary in
other districts. .
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
ireather Friday In California.
Forecast rr.aUe at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. May 25. 1&00.
Northern California — Partly cloudy Friday,
probably with shewere along the extreme
northwest ooast: frc«h west wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Friday.
Arliona — Fair Friday.
B«n Kranciaco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Friday; frceh weit wind.
O. H. WH.LP0X.
Local Forecast Of2cial.
»
FORECAST.
Eureka O.OO 4S.62 3J.CI
Bed B!u!T C.OO 22.87 20.40
Facramento 0.00 20. 2S 14.11
Ban Francisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.10
Fresno 0.O0 10.14 7. IS
Independence 0.00 3.6C 1.21
6an Luis Oblspo 0.00 17.3') 16.41
Los Ar.peles 0.00 7. S3 6.01
Pan Dlc-go 0.00 5.98 4.S6
Yuma C.<«) 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
ti: minimum. *?; mean. 14.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Th.e following we the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last seasc-n and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Statlor*— 14 hours, eeason. season.
<Z2?t1\ Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 24. 5 p. m
Weather Report.
Export* of wine frctn this port by sea during
the firet four months cf the year amount to
a.llS.000 rations and 2*>DC cases, valued at J648.-
O>0, ajra:r.ft 1,344.500 gallons and tSI cases at
1460,400 during the name time In 1S9S.
Exports of Wine.
The Bar.k of England rate cf discount hss
be«n reduced to S4 per cent, showing etlll
eaeier money conditions In England. The rate
had been 4 per cent eince January 25.
Bank of England Rate.
The Grenafla Is rechartered for wheat to Eu
rope. S*».
Tb« Antor.letta Toads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Valparaiso, owners' account.
The Et. Katherlne loads merchandise for
Honolulu.
Charters.
No c«ctat:oas were received from Liverpool
k=a P*rl« yesterday *» It wu a. holiday at
be tfc places.
Holiday Abroad.
CLOSIKO,
I LOXTOX, May 24.— Atchlion, 2O^c; Canadian
NEW TORK. May 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertUcr'e London financial cablegram ¦ays: The
action of tb» Bank of England In reducing Us
1 minimum rate from 4 to 3% P«r cent. hardened
the m«rk?tt here, but failed to lncreane busi
ness. The Catholic bourses were closed on ac
1 couat of Ascension day observances and ¦ the
I provincial exchanges had a half holiday be
cause of the Queen's birthday.
American* t»ere mor« Idle than they have
been for year* and a fraction off on New York
stock. The bank botlght £60,000 gold In bans
and got part pf th« Australian parcel of £m,
000. The remainder' is wanted for Indian and
Continental reqnireinenta.
I^indon Market.
WASKINCTdN. May 34.— To-day's statement
of the tres.«n»ry balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.0O0.000 gold reserve In the
division of, redemption, 6hows:- Available cash
balance. |H3,«7U43; gold. J70.O73.826.
Condition of the Treasury.
1.410 Norfolk & Western 35H
Norfolk & Western prefd 7S4
12.640 Northern Pacific 59'»
S35 Northern Pacific prefd 74V4
£.00 Ontario & Western 21
Oregon Hallway & Nav 42
Orepon Railway & Nav prefd 76
7.410 Pennsylvania 123%
2,Sr-0 Reading 164
!.5."0 Reading 1st prefd K%
2CO Reading 2d prefd 2S
Rio Grande Western K
100 Rio Grande Western prefd S7H
100 i-t I«oule & San Fran 9H j
i?t Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd VK !
210 St Louis & Pan Fran Sd prefd ,33*4
fct Louis Southwestern 11
C00 St J.outs Southwestern prefd 27
13,660 St Paul i:5S
ft Paul prefd 173 s i
100 ft Paul & Omaha 112
1S.1W Pcuthern Pacific 33^
1.3<*i Southern Hallway "... 12^
1.J20 Southern Railway prefd 54H
1.170 Texas A Pacific 16H I
26.GS0 V;ilon Pacinc 53H j
1.S10 i:nlcn Pacific prefd 73\
Wabash * 8V» j
[CO Waba«h prefd 21 I
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9<4 i
Wheeling & Lake Erie Id prefd 261* i
Wisconsin Central 16 j
Exprtss Companies — !
Adams 113
Air.Tiran 150
I'nited States <6
Wells Kargo 116
Miscellaneous —
400 An-erlcan Cotton Oil 34',i
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting Z\
...' American Mailing prefd 21
1.470 Am S?:neltlng &¦ Refining 37 l i
750 Am Pmeltlr.g A Refining prefd S9
American Spirits 2U
American Spirits prefd 17
f60 American Steel Hocp 20 |
620 American Ete«-1 Hoou prefd W l i \
12.845 American Steel A- Wire 33'^
4.1-G0 American Steel & Wire prefd 73 r :i
200 American Tin Plate 22*»
120 American Tin Plate prefd "4U
• 49.2S0 American Tobacco 92
American Tobacco prefd 12$
SC3 Anaconda Mining Co 41
16,'73 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7^
SM Colorado Fuel & Iron S5%
II.SU Continental Tobacco 24
5.305 Continental Tobacco rrefd 77U
19.595 Federal «eel ZZVt
2.3T-0 Federal Steel prefd 66H ;
IM General E!'^tr!c 134
1.675 Glucose Pugar •»5 3 1 i
Gluc<j?» Sutar frefd 9'.'** i
(f-C< International Paper 22 |
C<"<) Inttrr.atiotial Paper prefd C4 i
I-aclede G-.s 65 |
irO National Blfcuit :
National Biscuit rrefd 50 ¦
«00 National Lead r-U •
too National Lead rrefd Si 1 * j
l.J-CO National Steel 2S 1 * j
1C0 Natlcnal Fteel r-rofd .'.... f6
New York Air Brake 124
North American M\ \
100 Pacific Const 47's \
Pacific Toast 1st pr*»fd ' SO I
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 57
3.230 Pacific Mall 29
12,t?n Pc-cple - s Gas *S*i ¦
S2O Prrssed Steel Car 43 ;
1V> Preyed Steel Car prefd 76 i
227 Palliran Palace Car 180 |
210 Ptandard Kore & Twine W j
S3.C73 Sugar 113%
Sucar rrefd Ill
~.yo Tennessee Coal & Iron 73 j
l.f^O t'nited States leather 10 7 , i
7fO I'nitrd States Leather prefd 6SH j
S25 United Ptatcs Rubber 2S*>'g .
Tnlted Ptetes Rubber rrefd 94
1.4" Western Union 7J* 4
1.020 Republic Iron & Steel 14Vs
100 P.erubllc Iron A Pte*! prefd ."6
P C C A St Lcuis 6S
4M Third Avenue H3Vt
414.5W fhares fold.
CLOSING • BONDS.
D S 2s refunding. M K & T-4s 93
when issued 103*ilN Y Central lsts...H0*i
V B 2s res »%|N J Cent gen 5s 121H
U S 3b reg 103V»iN Carolina 6s 130
U S Zr coup 103U;N Carolina 4s 106»i I
U S new 4s r*g....l34VN Pacific 3s 67H
V S new '.s coup..l34 1 ,!N Pacific 4s 104»;
V S old 4s reg US%|K Y C & S L 4s.. .106
i: S olJ 4s coup..31oT»:N & W con 4s ?Hhi
V S r.s n»g 113% N & W gen 6s 130
U S 5s coup mi* Or Nav lets 110
DIf of Col tX'oa 121 ;Or Nav 4s 104
I Atchtsr-.n gen 4s. ...101 Or Phort Line 6e..l2J
' Atrhi«on adj 4s... MVOr S L'ne" con 5s. .111
i Canada Po 2ds....AQ r -\ Reading Gen 4s *8
I Ches &r Ohio 4Si»--- 9S R G W lets !»9
I Che* & OhU> 5s 117 S L & I M con 5r..110%
I C & NW con 78....141H S L & S F gen 6s..l24U
C & NWP.Fdeb 5s. 11? jPt Paul cons ..170*4
! Chgo Terminal 4s.. K JS P C & P lsts 120
! D A R G lsts lOUi'S P C & P 5s 121V4 I
I D t: P. G 4s W«i!S« Railway Ss 112 i
! E T VafiGa lsts. 103 tFtand R & T 6s... 71 ¦¦
I Erie General 4s... 71%]Tenn n»w Fet 3s.. SCU
j F W & I> C istt*.. 72 jTex & Pae lnts....H4*4
I General Elec 5s.. ..120 ,Tex & Pae 2ds 67
• G H & S A 6» Ill Union Pacific 4S...1C6
i (i H & S A 2ds....lO8 'Wabash Uts 116
! H & T C 5s 110 IWahash 2ds 102^
H & T C con 6s.. ..110 (West Shore 4s 112«4
Iowa Central lsts.114*; Wis Cent lsts 50%
, K C P & G lsts.... 71 Va Centuries 93
I IjO. new cons 4s....lOS>i . Va deferred 8
I L & N Unl 4s 9S»j Colo & So 4s J.6V4
j M K A T Ms 65\4 So Paciilc 4s 83
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 1? Ontario 7 2>
Crown Point 07 Ophir 60
Con Cal £c Va 1 SJ. Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 12 Do prefd 7 50
Hal* & Norcross... 21 Sierra Nevada...... 27
I Homestake 55 oo Standard 3 CO
Iron Sliver 6."> Union Con 16
Mexican 22. Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Union Pacific 53%
Call loans •..2%<73 West End 91
Time loans 3 Bonds-
Stocks— lAtchison 4s 100
Atch V & St Fe... 25 N E Gas & C 5s... 70
Do pre:d 70\i! Mining Shares—
I American Sugar... IUS4! Adventure 4
Do prefd Ill i Allouez Mln Co H4
Bell Telephone 310 Amalfc Copper S7^i
Koeton & Albany. ..241 Atlantic 23
Boston Elevated. ..140 ] Boston & Mont 2^6
Boston U Maine. ...193 ' Butte & Boston 01
Chi B & Q 123% [Calumet & Hecla..757
Dominion Coal 43 I Centennial 16',4
Do prefd 116 (Franklin 12^
Federal Steel 33^i! Humholdt to
Do prefd 66 Osceola 64^
Fltchburn prefd.... 132 i Parrot 49Vi
General Electrlc....l25«i;Qulncy 133V»
Do pwfd. 137 St Fe Copper 4%
Mexican- Central... 12'.i Tamarack 190
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 27
Old Dominion 16% Winona %
Rubber 28 'Wolverines 3SK
New York. Money Market.
NETW TORK. May 24.— Money on call easy
at 1%C2 r*r cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3%@4% per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bill* at *4 S7% for demand and at U 84\@
4 84% for sixty days; posted rates. $4 8a and
}4 88V4<3* £3; commercial bills. }4 84®4 MH- Sil
ver certificates, 60061c; bar silver. We, Mex
ican dollars, 47Hc. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
NEW YORK. May 24.— Tradlns was rather
quiet and uninteresting in the market for
metals. Tin continues to. decline. Influenced
by less favorable cables than anticipated and
the large receipts". The close was very weak
at J29®^> 25. Pislron warrants were very wean
and unsettled, no quotation Elven; Northern
No. 1 foundry ruled very weak at $2:>S22. Lake
Copper was steady for spot and rather easy for
futures, closing at ?16 75. Lead and spelter
ruled dull and unchanged on the basis of
$3 97H64 02H and $4 474Q-J J2Vj respectively.
The brokers' price was $3 SO for lead and 516 75
for copper.
Nkv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May 24.— FLOUR— Experts, 19.
540 barrels; sales. BSOO packages; receipts, 16,
4S1 barrels. More active on Fprlng patents and
generally llrm all day without change; Minne
sota patents, $3 6UH/3 S3; Minnesota ; bakers'.
$2 655)2 95.
WHEAT-Rcceipts, 315.050 bushels; exports,
2ll,67« bushels. Spot, flrni; No. 2 red, 78t4c
elevator; No. 2 red. SOUc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 73Hc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. 7Vic r. o. b. afloat; options were
generally firm all day with a little buyins/or
Southwest and fcrelcn accounts as the princi
pal trading features; firmness was Inspired
by bullish crop news from spring wheat States.,
the southwest and central winter wheat sec
tions; clcs»d steady and unchanged; May
closed 7l«;c; July, 72^@72 13-lGc, cloted 72fec;
September, 73V a '72HiC, closed 73Hc. '
HOPS-Flrm.
HIDKS-Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COKFEE— Futures closed quiet at unchanged
prices to a decline of 5 points. Total sales, 6500
bags, including June. JG 70; July. $6 70; August,
?6 75; September and October, J6 85; -December,
$7 15; March, $7 30. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; No.
7 Invoice. 7^c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9Vi@13V4c.
Pl'GAH- Haw. firm; reflnt-d, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6327 packages. Strong;
"Western creamery. leHS'iOc; factory, MflSc.
EGGS— Receipts. 13.816 packages. Steady;
State and Pennsylvania. M®Hftc; Western, loss
off, 13Vs(fcl4c: Southern, at mark, 10H@12c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The market for evap
orated apples was generally weak owing to a
lack of buying orders and the continued lar^o
receipts. But, as there was very little pressure
to sell, prices were not yuotably lower. Cali
fornia dried fruits ruled dull and featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4HS»c; prime, 5» 4^6c; choice, 6\Jf7c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3@7',4c per
lb as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12ij©14c; Moorpark. 15@
l?c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16^200; unpeeled. 7©9c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P.Mnt
the height of tide Is the same at both placea. *
~~~ FRIAY. MADY 25.
Sun rises •' 4,-3
Sun sets 7 ; :>
Moon rises 2:;;, a. rn.
n^'
J Ft
W!
:o9."~TT
ee H
."; J-
)« |"1
S I'
Zi si
i a
V.
:1.«; 3.3
NOTE—In the above exposition cf the UdM
the early morning tides are given in the ';»»,
band column and the successive tides of »h»
day in the order of occurrence as to time Tn
second time column gives the second vdenf
the day. the third time column the th!rd tfnr»
and the last or right hand column give« thl
last tide of the day. except wh«n there are hrt
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The he'svl
given are in addition t^ the soundlr*s rn isZ
United States Coast Survey charts eieiSJ
when a minus sign (—) precedes the he Xt
and then the number given Is subtracted bom
the doth given by the charts. The clar* o*
reference is the mean of the lower low wa'te-s*
SUMMARY 'OF THE MARKETS.
Bank of England reduced its rate of discount ¦
Silvei- and Exchange about the same.
Holiday at Paris and Liverpool.
Wheat futures a fraction or so firmer.
Minor ccirals dull at previous prices.
Hay, Fcedstuits and Beans quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes continue nvoiEr and plentiful. Onions easing off.
Butter weak, but hardly lower. Eggs continue to drag.
Poultry market dull and freely supplied.
Fruits about as before quoted.
Nothing doing in Provisions.
Tl?£ tfl r. C ' ? Z% ''* Unlon r a<-lflc 75%: Northern Pa
da" S% ' 76 ' t: ° rand Trunk . 7 -i: Anacon-
BaAllver, firm; 27 9-16d per ounce.
Money. 2 per cent. -
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 24.
Flour, qr ska 26.118 Onions, .ska no
Barley, ctls 4.315 Bran, sks 453
Oats, ctls 1.130 !?horts. sks 1 230
Corn, ctls 600 'Middlings, sks... 250
Cheese, ctls 223 Sugar, sks 1750
Butter, ctls 678|Sugar f bbls '141) '
Tallow, ctls 21SiI,!me. bbls 91
Hay, tons 163 Hides, No 1141
Straw, tons 4 Leather, rolls ' 63
Hops, bales 92 Chicory, bbls »0
Wool, bales 11 Pelts, bdls 210
.Eggs, do'z 25.320 Quicksilver, fteks 110
Potatoes, sks 2.395 Wine, gals 62 "00
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 8101
OGDEN.
Flour, qr sks 5,8051 • "
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A,
Crushed and Fl-ne Crushed, 5.60c; Powdered
5.20c: Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Granu
lated, 5.10c: Confectioners' A, 5.10c: Magnolia
A, 4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Golden C, 4.50c- bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes,
60c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5.&5c; boxes, 6.10c per Ibl
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southneld Wellington. JS; Seattle, $ti;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $S; Ca
operatlve Wallsend, $S; Cumberland, $12 la
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Eke, $14: Car.nel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16
per ton in bulk and MS in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $5 45 per I0C0 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Uc; Wool Bags, *S' / 4©32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7'/4c. »
The Remand and cupply about balance, and
prices remain unchanced. ;
BEEF— 5p6Hc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7c: small. .SQSVic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%<57c; ewes, 6<S6Hc per
! pound. . *
I LAMB-Spring. tmVit per lb.
PORK— Live Hcbb,' E%(?fS%c for email and
medium and .'H®5*4c for large; stock Hcgs and
feeders, 6%Q5ViC; dressed Hogs, 7@$V4c
} ; General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOIj— ?prlng clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 1514017c; Northern defective. 13
(?n."c: Middle County. free. 151M7c: Middle
County, defective. 12S13c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12313c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months'. lltffUc; SouthTn Mountain, defec
tive. 7 months'. 10®12r: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 20®21c; Nevada. 14S17C per lb.
HOPS— Ncmlnal at 6<211c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10@10Hc; medium, 9g9V4c: light, 9S9Hc;
Cowhides, 9®9%c: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 10c;
Calf 10c: Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16©17c; Dry
Calf. 19c: Sheepskins. shearlings. 15^g3Oc
each; short Wool, 35<fi6f»c each; medium, 70'<r90c;
long Wool IVH\ 50 each: Horse Hides. J2@2 50
for large and $1 25'frl 75 for small: Colts. VS&
SOc. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall
cr medium skins. 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins' — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
fmooth. 00c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Cc per lb: No. 2,
4?i4V>c; refined. 6c; grease, 24'f?3c.
All descriptions remain as before quoted, with
a dull market.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for com
pound and 8H@9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
i'Ac; 10-lb tins. 9»;c: 5-lb tins. lOHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%®8Hc per i D; half
barrels, S%@S%c; 10-lb tins. 9'ic
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and l»VJc for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13Mrtfl4c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 50015: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12HS13c per lb.
Previous prices rule for everything under
this head and trade Is stagnant."' ¦"
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9e for Standards and 93
10c for softshells; Almonds. lUiS'lZc for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 4@5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 6%@6*4e for Eastern and 5o for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7%@Sc; Filberts, 12@12%c;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5.
HONEY— Comb. 11V4@12c for bright and 10HO
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 7^e;
light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 6V4@6c
J4@26c per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8V4c; choice, "Me; standard, 6*.ic;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes 5c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels. iVic;
3-crown, 6'{c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. Jl 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In tacks. 3%@4e for
40-50's. 3^c for 60-60' s, 3c for C0-7(rs, 2%@2V4c for
70-10's. 2c for SO-90's.and lHSWe for .90- 100' s;
Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
parks; Peaches. 4H©*%c for Standards. 5c for
choice and 6H®6c for fancy; Pfeled Peaches. 10
ffj"12V:c; Evaporated Apples, 5H@6c; Sun-dried.
3<g4c per lb; Pears, 3',i@4Hc for dark and 7gSi
for bright halves; Black Figs, l%@2c; White
FIrs, 2I(3c; Bleached Plums, 7Hc: unbleached
Plums. 6c for pitted and lhf>c for unpltted.
There Is nothing going on In this market.
Pried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50®2 75
per box; Seedlings, $1@1 75; Valencias, $363 25;
Lemons, $lgl 50 for common and $202 50 for
good to choice;. Mexican Limes. $4 5CS5: Ba
nanns.-jsgs per bunch: Pineapples, $3 50@4per.
dozen.
PEACHES-C0c@U 25 per box.
CHERRIEP-30g40c per box ror red and yrhite
and 35®65c for black; Royal Anne, fiO4/75cv; In
bulk, 2H©6c for black and 2^i@lc per lb for
white, and 5<f6c for Royal Anne. Receipts were
4478 boxes.
day, but they have . been more or lesi scarce
for a week or more.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— •* '¦ .
' APRICOTS— S5@85c per box for PrtnKles end
73cfJ*l for Seedlings and $101 25 for Royals.
. APPLES— Green Apples. 50Q>75c per box for
small and for Red Astfachans. large boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— S4@5 per chest for large
and $7@? for small berries. Re^ints were 3S2
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 40@50c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBEP.RIES-$6 O0@10 - per chest: New
castle, ¦ Der crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $10 per chest; Covlnas,
per basket.
LOGAN BERRIES— J7@V> per ch^st.
CURRANTS— $J®5 i>er chest.
PLUMS— 75c«?$l per crate. :
CHERRY PLX7MS— 35(S50c per drawer.
FIGB— From Palm Springs. $1 Zu; fmm Ari
zona. TIi®* 23 per box.
LONDON, May 24.— Consols, 101H: sliver,
27 9-16d. Wheat cargoes on passage, nominal
and' unchanged; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia, 23s Id; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, May 24.— French country mar
kets, firm.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, May, 24.— WHEAT— Steady and un
changed; bluestem, 64c; club, 61c; both for ex
port.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, May 24.— There was not much
doing In the local wheat, market to-day, the
holiday In England making matters rather
quiet in export circles and as the mills are
not buying much at present the demand was
very easy. Prices are unchanged. Walla
Walla, 61@52c; valley, the same.
Cleared— British ship Dovenby Hall, for
Queenstown. with 112,742 bushels wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 336,031 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 24.— Clearings, $194,244;
balances, J43.430. '
Portland's Business.
LONDON. May 24.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 58G9- bales. The
attendance was light, but prices were fairly
steady under good competition. Good greasy
croEEbreds were in request for the home trade
and the Continent. American representatives
paid full rates for suitable grades.
London Wool Sales.
BOSTON. May 23.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices ' for ¦ California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Cherries, boxes —
Black Tartarians, 95c@$2 05, average $1 28. One
car sold.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at auction,
realizing the following prices: Cherries, boxes—
Kockport. average $1 33: Black Tartarians. 55c
tfll 50, average ?1 19. One car sold. Weather
California Fruit Sales.
5 25: fair to. choice t mixed, . $4 35051: Western
sheep, $4 9505 25; yearlings, $5 25@5 60: native
lambs, H 50©7 10; Western lambs, S6@7. .:
THURSDAY. May 24 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 Oo'Justice 03 01
\Ita 03 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes OS 07 'Lady Wash — CO
Belcher 08 09 ! Mexlcan 2S 29
Best & Belcher. 29 30 Occidental 11 1«
Bullion C2 03 Ophir 69 «0
Caledonia 1 20 1 25; Overman 17 19
Chollar 20 21 Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. 15 lSlSavage 12 13
Confidence ' 70 80 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01! Sierra Nevada.. 32 31
Con New York. 03 04' Silver Hill W 13
Eureka Con — 50 tit Louis — 12
Crown Point 09 U| Standard, 3 95 4 03
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate — 09
Gould & Curry. 14 15jUnlon Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 22 25 ! Utah 10 11
Julia — 01 i Yellow Jacket.. 18 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Board
15 Giant Powder Ccn 84 50
10 Giant Powder Con 84 25
. 60 Giant Powder Con 84 CO
10 Giant Powder Con 84 ll'.i
300 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 7 87Vi
400 Hana Plantation Co 7 87^
' 50 Honokaa S Co 34 12»,j
ISO Paauhau S P Co 31 87**
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 73
Street— ". '
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Equitable Gas 2 75
lOjQlant Powder Con 84 50
20 Giant Powder Con : 84 IV*
5 Giant Powder Con' 84 70
23 Hawaiian ComT & Sugar SS CO
75 Hawllan Com'l & Sugar : 89 30
23 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 8S 37V4
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 89 CO
CO Hutchlnson S P Co .' 28 12H
25 Honokaa S Co 34 90
2u Market Street Railway 62 30
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds.. 107 23
Street—
10 Spring Valley Water ...'. 93 00
PRODUCERS 1 OIL. EXCHANGE.
Board — -
Morning Session. .
551 Home Oil '....- ••• * «3
100 Home Oil. b JO • •• * $•}
10 OH City Petroleum ,",*•••* u °°
Afternoon "Session.
Board —
100 Caribou ••••• »
CSO Home Oil * §2
1C0 Home Oil, b 10 * *»
Street— . „
350 Home Oil (
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the rales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mbrnlns Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Sierra Nevada.. 34
200 Chollar 20 100 Silver Hill 31
£00 Mexican 23 i 600 Union Con 20
100 Overman ZOillOO Utah «... U
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 30 60 Silver Hill 20
200 Gould & Curry. 15! 100 Union Con 20
EGO Ophir 69 MOO Utah 12
100 Silver Hill SOi 200 Utah 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & Va..l 45 300 Silver Hill 30
1700 Mexican' 28 1400 Utah 08
600 Ophir 68 900 Utah 11
300 Overman 20 300 Utah 12
400 Potosl 21 500 Utah .... 13
200 Sierra Nevada.. 33 300 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 09 , 200 Savage 12%
300 Beat & Belcher. 30 CO Sierra Nevada.. Zi
COO Con New York. 03 60 Sierra Nevada,. 33
200 Hale & Norcrs. 21 600 Silver Hill...... 31
600 Justice 0i 200 Union Con 21
10C0 Lady Wash 03 200 Utah 12
20O Mexican 2i4 300 Utah 11
300 Ophir SS 500 Yellow Jacket.. 16
500 Savage 13j
Morning Session.
Marin County. BO — Oceanic S Co.. 92% M
Spring Valley. 84% 95Vi Pac A F A * —
Gai & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.143 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L& P.... W — -
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL,
Skipping Intelligence.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARTICLES. | Open. iHich.^ Low. jCJose.
Wheat No. 2- j I
May Cfi'i C€H 66'i 66V&
July .......... 67 6TH 67 67Vi
Corn No. 2— | |
May 37^ 37H| 3S<Ji 36%
J^ 37»i 3S 37» 4 37^
September 2$y t 38% 37^ 37'4
Oats No. 2—
May 22 22 2174 21T6
July 21T4I 22 21H 21*i
September 20* 4 20% 20H 20%
ileas Pork, bbl— )
July 11 47^ 11 50 ill 42% 11 45
Lard, per 100 lbs- I i ,
July 6 97'4 ! 6 97V.I 6 55 16 95
September 6 05 6 9i ! 6 92'4 6 92V4
Short Ribs, 100 lbs— I
July 6E7H 6 CO | 6 03 6 57',!.
September 6 57><4 6 S7>4| 6 55 6 £.0 "
A RTICX.ES. Receipts. Shipm'ts,
Flour, barrels 10,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 20.000 19.000
?orn, bushels U8.U0O 125,000
Data, bushels "... 212,000 179,000
Rye, bushels ..' 2,000
Barley, bushels 14.0C0 14,000
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Rosa. San DI»so May 25, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. May 28, 11 am Pier 9
St. Paul.... Cap« Nome.... May 28. t pm Pier 34
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 2$. 10 am Pter S
Coos Bay... Newport May 27. 9am|Plerll
Arcata Coos Bay May 17. 10 ampler 13
Colon Panama May 23. 12 m PMS3
Columbia .. Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 2*
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pier 2
Ig. Marlscal Mexico May 29. 4pm-Plerl3
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23. 2pmjPter 9
Noyo Cape Nome.... May 23. 8pm|Pler I
City Peking China 4 Japan May 29. 1 pm'.PMSS
Corona San Dlegro May 29. U am Pter 11
North Fork. Humblodt May 23. 12 m Pier 3
Australia ..]Honolulu May JO, 2pm|Pler 7
Humbcldt . Cape Nome.... May 30. 3 pm Pier 20
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. May 31
Bonlta. Newport May 31. 9 am Pter 11
City Puebla Vic & Pfft S<J. May 31. 11 am Pier 9
State of Ca! Portland June 2. 11 amiPler M
.earner.
From
Due
Iffnac. Marlscal Manzanlllo Main
Coos Bay Newport $?£ 'I
Columbia Oregon Ports... m»y k
Point Arena.... Mendodno I...: M t* H
Wasbtenaw .... Tacoma Kttv i*
Pomona Humboldt \itv '*
North Fork Humboldt \mII
Te»u3 Oyster Harbor '.'.!'.'. May 2*
Arcata Oregon Ports May 23
Corona San Diego |M a i ry
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Emplro _ Coos Bay _ Mar Yt
Del Norte Oregon Ports May 21
Bristol Oyster Harbor May a
Gaelic China and Japan.. ....... May 23
Bonlta Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May »
Wlllametta S«attl« May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 2J
State of Cal.... Oregon Porti May »
City of Sydney. Panama May M
Luxor Hamburg May W
Santa Rosa San Diego May Jl
Crescent City... Crescent City May SI
Marlposa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
ARTICLES. | Open. iHich.^ Low. jCJose.
Wheat No. 2- j I
May Cfi'i C€H 66'i 66V&
July .......... 67 6TH 67 67Vi
Corn No. 2— | |
May 37^ 37H| 3S<Ji 36%
J^ 37»i 3S 37» 4 37^
September 2$y t 38% 37^ 37'4
Oats No. 2—
May 22 22 2174 21T6
July 21T4I 22 21H 21*i
September 20* 4 20% 20H 20%
ileas Pork, bbl— )
July 11 47^ 11 50 ill 42% 11 45
Lard, per 100 lbs- I i ,
July 6 97'4 ! 6 97V.I 6 55 16 95
September 6 05 6 9i ! 6 92'4 6 92V4
Short Ribs, 100 lbs— I
July 6E7H 6 CO | 6 03 6 57',!.
September 6 57><4 6 S7>4| 6 55 6 £.0 "
A RTICX.ES. Receipts. Shipm'ts,
Flour, barrels 10,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 20.000 19.000
?orn, bushels U8.U0O 125,000
Data, bushels "... 212,000 179,000
Rye, bushels ..' 2,000
Barley, bushels 14.0C0 14,000
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Rosa. San DI»so May 25, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. May 28, 11 am Pier 9
St. Paul.... Cap« Nome.... May 28. t pm Pier 34
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 2$. 10 am Pter S
Coos Bay... Newport May 27. 9am|Plerll
Arcata Coos Bay May 17. 10 ampler 13
Colon Panama May 23. 12 m PMS3
Columbia .. Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 2*
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pier 2
Ig. Marlscal Mexico May 29. 4pm-Plerl3
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23. 2pmjPter 9
Noyo Cape Nome.... May 23. 8pm|Pler I
City Peking China 4 Japan May 29. 1 pm'.PMSS
Corona San Dlegro May 29. U am Pter 11
North Fork. Humblodt May 23. 12 m Pier 3
Australia ..]Honolulu May JO, 2pm|Pler 7
Humbcldt . Cape Nome.... May 30. 3 pm Pier 20
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. May 31
Bonlta. Newport May 31. 9 am Pter 11
City Puebla Vic & Pfft S<J. May 31. 11 am Pier 9
State of Ca! Portland June 2. 11 amiPler M
.earner.
From
Due
Iffnac. Marlscal Manzanlllo Main
Coos Bay Newport $?£ 'I
Columbia Oregon Ports... m»y k
Point Arena.... Mendodno I...: M t* H
Wasbtenaw .... Tacoma Kttv i*
Pomona Humboldt \itv '*
North Fork Humboldt \mII
Te»u3 Oyster Harbor '.'.!'.'. May 2*
Arcata Oregon Ports May 23
Corona San Diego |M a i ry
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Emplro _ Coos Bay _ Mar Yt
Del Norte Oregon Ports May 21
Bristol Oyster Harbor May a
Gaelic China and Japan.. ....... May 23
Bonlta Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May »
Wlllametta S«attl« May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 2J
State of Cal.... Oregon Porti May »
City of Sydney. Panama May M
Luxor Hamburg May W
Santa Rosa San Diego May Jl
Crescent City... Crescent City May SI
Marlposa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
AUCTION SALES
AUCTiON SALE!
Two carloads of well-bred, gentle, broke
HORSES from HUSEMAN STOCK FARM. gfe.
klyou County. A trial of 21 hours given all
purchasers. Sale takes place
MONDAY MORNING May 2S, 1300
At 11 o'clock. >
The highest bidder the buyer, regardless of
price. Stock Is now at salesyard.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721-723 Howard Street, near ThirJ
• -).---.' WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.The evening service at St. Francis
Roman Catholic Church on Vallejo street
had a twofold significance. In addition
to the observance v /)f Ascension day Rev
Father Terence Caraher -delivered a very
interesting lecture on divine worship. He
implored those of his flock who had or
were about to . become members of the
League of the Sacred Heart Society to
prepare themsfelves well for their affilia
tion with a society that had for Its ob
ject the' bringing of the human sou] Into
closer connection with the Redeemer who
laid down his life for the salvation of
the human family.
The California Water and Forest Asso
ciation will hold a semi-annual meeting
in room 380. Palace Hotel, this evening.
The executive committee and the ad
vlsory council will be represented. El"
wood' Mead and J. B. Llppincott. repre
senting two departments of the Govern
ment service, will be present for consul
tation. President Thomas will report
what has been done during the first six
month? of the existence of the associa
tion and will ask that the contracts for
the beginning of tne field work be rati
fied. The dues will be reduced to {I per
annum.
"Working to Save Flood Waters.
Commercial Museum Grows in Favor.
During the week, the following • firms
have signed the roll of the supporters of
the Commercial Museum project: 'Anglo-
American Crockery and Glassware Com
pany, Ames & Harris, Charles ft. Bishop,
John Breuner Company. California Pow
der Works, California Barrel Company,
California Ink Company, Deere Imple
ment Company. Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. Goldberg, Boweri & Co.; Ger
man Savings and Loan Society, Hercules
Gas Engine Works. Inc.; A. I. ' Hall &
Son, Liverpool and .London and Globe In
surance Company,' London, Paris and
American Bank, Mutual Label and Littto
graphing Company, Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company, Pacific Oil and Lead Works'
Arthur Rodgers, Western Meat Company!
James G. Maguire, Robert Ferral, Sam
uel M. Shortridge. John E. Bennett and
a representative from the office of Redd>v
Campbell & Metson called upon United
Sta'tes Circuit Judge Morrow In chambers
yesterday afternoon «and presented a pe
tition for an .Injunction upon the City
Board of Health, Federal Quarantine Of
ficer Kinyoun and Chief of Police Sullivan
to restrain them from proceeding to carry
out the order of the Board of Health re
quiring all Chinese to be injected with a
preparation made from cultures of the
bubonic plague.
Wong Wai, a Chinese merchant, was
the petitioner. Judge Morrow informed
the attorneys that he, did not care'to Issue
the restraining order upon an ex pane
motion, but that he would issue an order
calling upon the Board of Health, the
Federal Quarantine Officer and the Chief
of Police to show cause why the Injunc
tion should not issue. The petition alleges
that there Is not now and never has been
any plague In this city, that the prophy
lactic fluid is a poison and will give a per
son inoculated therewith a most danger
ous sickness, and that the order of the
Board of Health is aimed at the Chinese
exclusively and Is therefore, a discrimina
tion against persons, which 'discrimination
is in conflict with the constitution of the
United States and of the State of Cali
fornia. \rl~ ¦ •
Chiness Fight Inoculation.
Property owners residing on San Jose
avenue between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third streets are up in arms
against Phelan's Board of Public Works.
The cause of this censure lies in the fact
that the section of <• the avenue referred
to is in an Impassable condition. The
rest of the avenue has been pav'od with
bitumen and Is In good condition. All
this has been done by the property owners
and those who live on the block which 18
neglected are willing to bear the expense
of repairing It, but for some reason only
known to Phelan's board no contract has
been let. In the "meantime every person
who requires dirt to fill in his lot takes
it from the roadway, leaving it more like
a pit than an avenue. - .
An Impassable Thoroughfare.
bers of the Graduating .
Glass.
Thp closing exorcises of Trinity School
•v.fTf held last Wednesday. The competi
tion for the alumni modal in the morning
v;is an interesting feature, there being
nine contestants. This award was made
to E Ashbrooke Lowe. The evening was
a memorable occasion for many of the
bovs the medals' for excellence in studies
l^-ine distributed. Those who received
rnzop were: I»ring Pickering. Gregory
W-rchoff Sfllan Bulland. Samuel Young.
Goorge Kline. Huttin Thellan, Leslie
Hodcer I^eo Helman and Harold Kellar.
Thf members of the graduating class
Wf-rf ¦• A E. Curlett. L. A. Hedgtr, Ger
aid Huline. Samuel Young, George H.
J^.hflde. Ralph Strange, Carl T. Wallace
and John Willard. .
Bishop Moreland delivered an address
Jn which he *<poke encouraging words for
•hose who have conducted the 'work In
the school. Rev. G. S. Mead, long con
nected with the institution, also made a
few brief remarks. Rev. C. E. Spaldlng
<if I»s Angeles gave advice to the boys
and told 'them to aim for high ideals and
live up to them In the strife of coming
years.
Many Medal. Awards Made to Mem-
CLOSING EXERCISES
AT TRINITY SCHOOL
SAN DIEGO, May 24.— In compliance
with Orders from Washington Captain
Field commenced this afternoon making a
partial survey of the harbor for the pur
pose of recommending or not recommend
ing the establishment of a Government
coaling station of the navy here. - •
Captain Field says that the work will
take about two weeks and meanwhile the
work of charting the west coast of Mexico
will go ahead, as it has been going ever
since the Ranger arrived here. a month
since. The survey will be made as com
plete, as possible. -The depth of water at
various points must be^- accurately ascer
tained, but more particularly the mini
mum depths at low tide. ..This does -not
apply to the bar, but at various points In-
Minimum Depths of th« Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
Government .Wishes to Ascertain
SURVEYS AT SAN DIEGO.
Resolutions were adopted instructing
the delegates .to the national convention
for McKinley and commending Senator
Kyle for his loyal and patriotic support
of President McKinley on the Spanish-
American war and legislation involving
Republican measures. .
Attorney General— John I* Pyle. • '
Railroad Commissioner— Frank Lecocq.
Thomas Fitch of Grant County. A. R. Brown
of Lincoln County. Charles Thompson of Hand
County and A. H. Marble ol Butte County
were chosen Presidential electors.
Joseph M. Green of Chamberlain County was
chosen national committeeman.
Electors and Name State Ticket.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D. r May 24.— The Re
publican State Convention adjourned sine
die at 4 o'clock this morning. The ticket
as completed is %s follows:
Governor— Charles N. Herried.
lieutenant Governor— George. A. Snow.
Secretary of State— O. C. Berg.
Treasurer— John Schamber.
Auditor — J. l>. Reeves.
Superintendent of Schools— E. K. .Collins.
Land Commissioner— David Eastman. .-
Republicans of South Dakota Choose
INDORSE McKINLEY.
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap
pointed and Commissioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— The following
have been granted pensions: California:
Original-Henry Lowe, Palms. $10; Frank
William Lelghton; Martinez, V<: Daniel, tt.
Imbler, Compton, SS. Additional— John Q.
Seng. Los Angeles, $S. Increase— John M.
Ktehl Pasadena, $10. Original widows,
etc.-Susan Cecil, Biggs, $8.
Washington: Original— Walker Law
son. Spokane, $6. . ,.
Oregon: Original-Wesley Loney, Mar
quam, $S; Joseph Arffon.^laland City, $8;
David Hasler, Junction City, $12. Addi
tional-Uriah . Hover, Medford. $S. In
crease — Samuel D. West, Manning, $3;
John Root. Winsiow, $10.
A postofflce has been established at Pine
Flat, Sonoma County, with Mattle trim
mer Postmaster.
The following Postmasters have been,
commissioned: Lulma Norwood, Bleber;
Albert W. Gale. Burney; August A. God
ting El Casco; Annie L. Pursell. Wau
kena. Aimee Kre.ton has been appointed
Postmaster at Minersville, Trinity County,
vice Fordyce Bates, deceased.
. A sub-station of the San Francisco
Postofflce will be established July 2 at
16W J £ Geary street.
The Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
has Informed Representative Kahn, with
reference to the proposed dedication of
the old Custom-house at. Monterey as a
permanent museum of State and local his
tory that the department cannot author
ize this, but the building, unused by the
Government since the discontinuance of
Monterey as a port of entry, might be
leased at a nominal rental for the purpose
indicated.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
MURDERER MEREDITH EN
POUTE TO SAN QUENTIN
To Be Hanged for Killing Deputy-
Sheriff- Ward of San
. Diego.
Bert Meredith." alias Ross, under sen
tence to be hanged for the brutal murder
of Deputy Sheriff Will J. Ward of San
Diego, was brought from San Luis Obispo
to this city last night. He is now con
fined in the Broadway Jail and will be
taken to San Quentin Prison this morn
ing, where the sentence of death will bo
executed unless the Supreme Court In
tervenes.
On November 11 of last year Meredith
was being taken from San Diego to San
Quentin Prison to serve a ten-year sen
tence for burglary. The trip was made
on the steamship Santa Rosa, and while
the vessel was at Port Harford the con
vict attacked Ward and Inflicted injuries
which resulted in the latter's death on
November 28. He was tried arid convicted
of murder in the first degree. He wa*
sentenced to be hanged by Judge Unangst
at San Luis Obispo last Tuesday. Ills
case has been appealed to the Supreme
Court. *
New York Democrats.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The following
are statistics concerning the delegates to
the New York State Democratic Conven
tion: ¦'- Total number of delegates, 450;
necessary to- Instruct, 226; elected to date,
300" for • Bryan, 171; unins true ted, 123; to
be elected, 150. • •- ¦
Special DUpatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May, 24.— Professor Mead
o£ Wyoming, in charge "of j the Irrigation
Investigation under the direction of the
Department of Agriculture, spent Wednes
day in Yolo County making an Investiga
tion which may, result in including Cache
Creek among the typical streams of Call
fornia that are to be Investigated, j
May Include Cache Creek.
DENVER, May 24.— The delegates to
the annual conventions of the Western
Federation of Miners and the Western
Labor Union, having finished their labors,
left the city to-day early on an excursion
to' Cripple Creek. The new executive
board consists of J.:C. Williams of Grass
Valley, Cal.: Chris Foley, Rossland. B.
C; Charles Huyer, Deadwood. 8. D.; J. B.
Furry, Butte, Mont.; W. D.- Haywood,
Silver City. Idaho, and William M. Burns,
Ouray,-Colo. «____
Miners Name Officers.
SANTA CRUZ, May 2i;— In Watsonville
a few days ago Lester Fraser, a 9-year-old
boy, was robbed of $19 90 by John Balo
vech, aged 19, and Harry Walker, aged 9.
Balovech and Walker rode on their bicy
cles to Castrovllle, where they purchased
a dagger, pistol and cartridges. From Cas
trovflle they went to Moss Landing, where
Willie Taylor and Pete Fisher, two boys,
met them and forced them to give up the
money at the point of a pistol. Taylor
then advised them to return to Watson
ville which they did, and were arrested.
Taylor restored the money to Mrs. Fraser.
having' acted as a detective. Balovech is
to be sent to a reform school. Walker,
owing to his tender age, was released.
Balovech attempted to run away from
Constable Carr and was captured after a
lively chase. ¦: ¦
Youthful Thieves Arrested.
DES MOINE3, Iowa, May 24.— With
only one day remaining at its disposal the
National Mothers' Congress has not yet
taken formal action on any of the sub
jects under discussion. In the commit
tee on resolutions to-day a protracted de-
Bate was carried on behind closed doors
over the woman's suffrage question. It is
thought the committee will be ready to
report to-morrow morning.
A telegram was received by the resolu
tions committee from Susan B. Anthony
appealing to the Mothers' Congress to in
dorse the suffrage movement, but it is
understood* Mrs. Birney, president of the
congress, is opposed to such action, and
If the committee reports in favor of
woman's suffrage a lively debate will bo
precipitated.
To-day's work in the conaress proper
consisted of three-minute reports from
delegates on their experience in conduct
ing Mothers' clubs. After a' discussion of
"The Right Education for Women" pa
pers were read by Caroline -T. Haven of
New York, president of the International
Kindergarten Association; Mary Roberts
of Leland Stanford University; Fanny
Humphrey Gaffney of New York, presi
dent of the National Council of Women,
and Mrs. Low Dickinson of New York.
Agreed on the Question.
National Mothers' Congress Not
Excitement prevails at Laub City, near
Dos Cabesas, Cochise County, owing to a
rich strike of gold bearing quartz found
on a claim owned by a man named Km
mersly. The assays show fdr the entire
ledge a gold value of $212 a* ton. A streak
in the open cut at 8 feet deep assays $428
per ton. The free gold can be plainly Been
with the naked- eye.
DIVIDED AS TO SUFFRAGE.
TUCSON. Ariz.. May 24.— Charles N.
Thomas, a prominent mining man of Mex
ico who has just arrived from Sonora,
says that the Yaqui rebellion is still in
full force and that American mining in
that section is at a standstill. The miners
do not fear the Yaquis, ''but the Mexican
soldiers who have deserted from the army.
It Is these soldiers, Mr. Thomas says, who
are responsible for all the depre'datlons
visited on foreigners lately, but for which
the Mexican Government has blamed the
Yaquis. *
Yaquis Are Blamed.
Special Dlrpatch lo The Call.
Commit Depredations for Which the
DESERTERS TROUBLESOME.
IMrectors Will Erect a Modern Fire
proof Wing to Cost Fifty Thou
sand Dollars.
At a meeting yesterday of the directors
of St. Luke's Hospital Association It was
decided to call for plans from Architect
W. H. Wilcox for the erection of an- ad
ditional wing to the present building,
which has become too cramped owing to
the Increase of patients. The proposed
new wing will be erected on the south side
of the lawn, facing Valencia street. It
will be built of brick and Iron. In the
basement will be a modern laundry and
large boiler, from which steam heat will
be transmitted to all parts of the old as
well as the new building, besides giving
motive power.
In the newrftvlng will be an up-to-date
operating room. The building will be of
two stories, with a deep basement, where
all of the machinery will be located, and
will cost in the neighborhood of $50,000.
This sum, and no* more, has been placed
at the disposal of the directors for the
purpose. Later on another wing will be
built on the north side, and gradually the
present building, which was constructed
over thirty years ago will give place to
a new hospital of the latest design.
The directors of St. Luke's are: Bishop
W. F. Nichols. Dr. J. D. Middleton, Judge
F. \V. Van Reynegom, Major W. B. Hoop
er, Rev. R. C. Foute. Dr. G. H. Powers
and W. Babcock.
ST. LUKE'S HOSPITAL
TO BE ENLARGED
Preparations Being Made for a Big
Time at Los Gatos Park Next
Wednesday.
The annual picnic and reunion of the
Young Mm'? Cntholic I'nion will be held
at Los Gatos Perk on Wednesday, May
SO. A delightful outing is anticipated, and
already 30M tirk*-ts have been disposed of.
t'ommittws are bus-y' preparing a pro
gramme for an olaborate entertainment,
and valuable prizes have been offered for
the successful contestants of games. The
prfca for a round-trip ticket for adults will
he $1. and 50 cents will be charged for
children. Trains will leave Third and
Towntwnd streets at 9 a. m.. stopping at
Valfnria and Twenty-fifth streets.
Harry Hay has been chosen floor man
ager and Edward P. McAuliffe his assist
ant. A floor committee has been appolnt
.cj. consiFtinR of P. P. Curtis. Felix Rice.
Joeeph Oliver. Joseph Orvo, Thomas F.
Hurke and M. J. He*sion. The games will
be in charge of D. P. Breen. J. P. Mr
(Jinty. T. J. O'Brien and II. H. Hay. A
committee, consisting of J. J. Power*?.
James A. Foley and P. Brazel. has se
< ured pood music The following named
reception committee has been appointed:
John T. Burns. Thomas McGuire. J. E.
Martin. James English. J. Brennan. M.
Fitzgerald. Rev. J. F. Byrne. P. J. Mur
]>hy A. Coturri. W. F. Glennon. James
Barns. P. J. Carroll and C. A. Kenniff.
ANNUAL PICNIC OF
THE CATHOLIC UNION
OAKLAND. May 24.-Dennis II. Mat
thieson, proprietor of the Scandinavian
laundry, at 826 Twelity-second street, com
mitted suicide this evening by cutting his
throat from ear to ear. He used a razor
and held a small looking-glass so that he
might direct the blade with precision. The
man was mentally unbalanced from a
long-continued overindulgence In intoxi
cants and had several times threatened to
end Ms life. Coroner Mehrmann was no
tified and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
CUT HIS THROAT WITH
A KEEN-EDGED RAZOR
Alex Miachkoff and Pr. S. Akiflef. mem
bers of the Russian expedition wfcten will
sail on June 1 for the northeastern shores
of Siberia In tearch of gold, are registered
at the Palace. A great deal o£ secrecy
is displayed in their movements, and
neither the Russians nor ttie interpreters
In the party will disclose their plans.
The reason for this is the wide publicity
given the proposed expedition by the
New York papers on the arrival of its
members from abroad. The story pub
lished then and telegraphed throughout
the country was to the effect that new
gold fields rivaling in richness the de
posits of Cape Nome would be opened to
miners if the expectations of the mem
bers of the Russian expedition are ful
filled. The party arrived on the Campania
on May 12. Vladimir Wonlar Larsky, a
colonel of the Russian Imperial Guard,
obtained the concession of the vast
Siberian tract which the expedition is to
e3 George D. Roberta a veteran California
miner, will be a member of the exploring
party. Roberts has made a btudy of the
cold"deposits in sea sands anc has a plan
ror extracting the gold from the frozen
"tundra." It ib understood no work will
be made in the "tundra" th's year, but
the party hopes to make some contracts
with American owners of pumps and
dredges.
Miachkoff and Akiflef are the advance
couriers of the party. They are engi
neers. The balance of the party is ex
pected to arrive by to-night.
Large Party of Foreigners to Start
Soon for the. Northeastern
Shores of Siberia.
RUSSIAN EXPEDITION
TO THE GOLD FIELDS
Speeches, Entertainment and Danc
ing Filled Out an Unusually
Enjoyable Programme.
The members of the Dry Goods Men's
Association and their friends enjoyed a
social evening last night at Social Hall, in
the Alcazar building. The affair was un
der the management of a committee of
arrangements, of which Robert Wilson
was chairman and H. Geisen and J. Bow
man associate members. Slchel's orches
tra was in attendance. . ,
President W. Friedman made a brief
address, telling of the work of Jhe asso
ciation, which is now in a prosperous con
dition. Robert Wilso.n spoke on "Our
First President." Everybody enjoyed the
recitations of Miss M. Mooser and Miss
1^. Grau; Alfred F. Medley's barytone
solo. "A Winter's Lullaby": some rollick
ing songs and stories by W. J. Haynes, a
mandolin and guitar selection by Miss
Hazel Johnston and Clvde Schenck, and
skelches, "Anything Doing" and "Old
Enough to Know," by Anita Zeiph and
H. Chamberlain Jr. Dancing and refresh
ments followed.
DRY GOODS MEN HAVE
A PLEASANT EVENING
WORK OF PRESBYTERIANS.
Ask Constitutional Amendment Mak
ing Polygamy a Crime.
ST. LOUIS. May 21.— The afternoon ses
sion of th^Presbyterian General Assembly
was devoted largely to reports of commit
tees. There waa a bit of a sensation
sprung again by the judicial committee
announcing that the committee had unan
imously agreed to drop the case of Her
man Warzawaik. A report to that effect
was made to the assembly, which was
adopted. There remain but a few unim
portant committees to be heard from, and
promise of adjournment Saturday after
noon was confidently made by Clerk Rob
erts.
The assembly framed a memorial to
ConRress asking that the Federal consti
tution be so amended as to specifically de
clate polygamy a crime.
LEAVE.VWORTH. Kan.— The final session
of tn<? National Conference of Charities ami
Corrections was held at the Nutlonal Home for
Disabled Soldiers here this afternoon. Th«
important business transacted by the confer
ence was tne adoption of the system of in
determinate sentence and parole.
O. Slacrel. buildings, blacksmith's tool3 and
saildlery an.l harness stork: loss, $1<W.
Miller & I.ilifnthal. loss. |SWt;
partly insured.
If. C. Whit worth, hotel; lows, $10,000; insur
ance $4i«m. • • .
B. Reynold*, general merchandise: loss. $8000;
InFUrance, $1000.
H. lialy; loss, *.WQ.' \
J. Frankel. dwelling, furniture. stcr« buIMing
and stock: loss. $1S.O"O; insured.
S. F. Ah!s»tr.>m. saddlery and buildlnsr: loss.
$in.Q0<>: Insurance. f2fey.
ila!l<»y * MassinKMI. Renerat merrhandUe;
lops, $lS.f*V>; insuranre, IH.jMl, end many others
ranging from |C.» to |10«» each.
Most of the. business men Intend to re
build anil resume business. Several of the
merchants have already started for San
Francisco to buy new stock.
Pr. Paly. ?tore buildings', 't^. : 1"M W<d.
Pout * Kirk, saloon: loss. I4WO: no Insurance.
H. C. I>avls & Son. Rustler plant: los«s $*<*'.
O. 9. Easter, Jewelry and millinery; loss,
l>r. O. D. Forpst. dentist; loss. JinM.
Itank of LakevleW, loss. |««W); Insurance.
$4,100.
I'nlted Ptatps Land Office: entire loss: Insur-
Majority of the Merchants Will Re
sume Business and Are Nego
tiating for New Stocks.
LAKEVIEW. Or.. May 24.— Th« losses In
the fire which destroyed the business por
tion of this town Tuesday night are. aj
nenr as can'be ascertained, as follows:
Georsie II. Ayr<*s. general merchandise; loss.
Jlf.ni>: Insurance. S10.QOO.
Ayres & Tonnlngsen. brewery: lrwa. $CC0; in
surance. $3000.
Charles Tonningsen. livery stable; loss, 12000;
insurance, L'OO.
!!<?a!e & WMey. druus; loss. Hi**); insurance.
H. C.-Rnth* & Co . nenoral m*rehandt3«; loss.
JlS.ffiO: Insurance. r*"CO.
i'ete Post, dwelling: Jnys. $12<W; no Insurance.
Joe Jammerthal, saloon; li«s«s, ICnflO; Insur-
HEAVY LOSSES IN
THE LAKEVIEW FIRE
According to a statement made by Presi
dent Jordan of Stanford here a few days
ago, he was asked to select a suitable
principal for the Normal School during his
recent trip East. This he did in the per
son ¦ of J. \V. Carr. Superintendent of
Schools of Anderson. Ind. On Tuesday
Dr. Jordan was here introducing Mr. Carr
around as his choice for normal principal.
Governor Gage, it is said, will attend the
July meeting of the normal trustees, and
there will be a number of changes In the
faculty. McNaughton has been little more
than a figurehead at the school, and Vice
Principal Dailey has been the real head
of the institution. It has been believed
all along that McNaughton would be al
lowed to go at the end of the year and
that Dailey would succeed him, most or
the trustees favoring this. Now that the
Governor intends to interfere this pro
gramme will be changed.
The local trustees deny knowledge of
Jordan having been delegated power
to select a principal, and It Is undoubt
edly Gage that Is bringing the change
about.
SAN JOSE, May 24. — Governor Gage will
take a hand in the management of the
San Jose State Normal School, and there
Is a report currtnt that Principal James
McNaughton will sever his connection
with the school at the July meeting of the
trustees. The interference of Gage is said
to be brought about by a number of re
cent incidents at the institution— charges
made a year ago against McNaughton by
the 'alumni, the threatened strike of stu
dents over a^peech by Professor Dalley
and the investigation of the charges
against Mrs. Place, head of the training
department.
epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Jordan of Stanford University
Said to Have Selected J. W.
Carr as the New Prin
cipal.
Head of McNaughton May
Be Consigned to the
Basket. .
RUMORS OF
CHANGES IN
STATE NORMAL
Special Oispatrh to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 24.— The employes
of the California Northwestern Railroad
picnicked to-day beneath the redwoods of
Sonoma County. The crowd of railroad
men and their friends who made holiday
numbered over 1100. After some time had
been spent in sports the merrymakers
gathered to hear the oration- of the vet
eran engineer, James P. Munney. which
was punctuated by applause and received
an ovation at its close.* The following
well-known, knights of the throttle saw to
the guests' wellbelng: Jack Smith. James
F. Manney, Harry Smith and Superinten
dent W. C. Hunter.
Outing of Railroad Men.
Record of the Storm Off the Coast of
Oregon.
ASTORIA. Or.. May 24.— It Is impossible
at this time to correctiy estimate the loss
of life due to yesterday's storm, though
eleven men are missing, according to the
rolls of the Seamen's Union, nnd of these
three arc known to have been drowned.
It is possible that the remaining eight
men may have ! succeeded In reaching
shore from their capsized boats at points
where they have been unable to commw
nicate with this city. The loss to fisher
men has .been heavy in the way of nets
and boats. . .
ELEVEN MEN MISSING.
He left two letters, one to his wife and
another to a girl in San Franciscn, whose
name the family refuses to give. The
letters have not yet been opened. He
was in serious financial difficulties and
had several times threatened to take his
ilfe.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 24.-H. G. See
lig, "a merchant of this city, formerly of
San Francisco, committed suicide at his
residence this afternoon. He was In town
watching the parade and other events of
the celebration, when he suddenly left hK
wife and children to return home. They
suspected nothing and remained in the
city.
When they returned his ljttle boy went
into his father's room and found him
lying dead on hi* bed from the effects of
poison.
Life at Vancouver.
Special Otspatch to The Call.
Former Local Merchant Ends His
SUICIDE OF H. G. SEELIG.
One hundred thousand pounds will be
spent in prospecting and then, if the re
sults ¦warrant the outlay. £2.t)0O.Ot)i) will be
expended in constructing a railway.
Christopher Jame#, a mining expert who
has had experience in Mexico and Califor
nia, will lead the prospecting expedition,
which will leave England In June.
LONDON, May 25.— Cecil Rhodes. Al
fred Beit and Julius Wernher, with other
South African mining millionaires, are
about to develop a gigantic mining enter
prise in German West Africa.
The Daily Express, which makes the an
nouncement, asserts that gold, silver, cop
per and lead have been found in abun
dance- within 400 miles of Walflsch Bay.
Interested in a Gigantic
Enterprise.
Cecil Bhodes and Other Millionaires
WILL MINE FOR GOLD
IN GERMAN WEST AFRICA
side the harbor. It Is the minimum rather
than the maximum depth that the depart
ment is particularly anxious to know
about.
TflE death at the Presidio hospital
on Wednesday evening of Dr. Wil
liam H. I. O'Malley. acting assistant
surgeon of the Twelfth Infantry, cut
short the honorable career of one of San
Francisco's most promising native sons
and a young man who had won honor
and distinction in the service of his coun
try- His death was due to an injury re
ceived while on duty in the Philippines,
and althmjgh he held up for weeks after
ward and remained in the saddle when he
-ought to have been in bed. he finally had
to give up the fight. Invalided home, he
returned to San Francisco on the trans
port Sherman, arriving here April 25 In
such a weakened condition that he had to
be carried ashore on a stretcher. The
best medical attendance was secured for
him and his robust constitution enabled
practical adoption of AVlIIIam Chambltss.
a young man who became, suddenly im
bued with the bacillus of social leader
ship. Chambllss worked his way out of
the affections of Captain Searle by hl9
fantastic and absurd sorial antics. Cham
bliss is now supposed to be in New York.
Second aerpeants— Company A. A. Adler;
B. J. R Carter; C. G. C. Noble: D. E. H.
VezTce. E. W. H. Popert; F. J. S. Kom; G.
«. S Springer: H. 8. C. Walker: signal <Je
tachrnert, H. Pavenpnrt.
Third wrgumf-Cnmptny. A. A. A. Alex
ander; B, P. T. Clay: C. \V. K. <"rawford; 1).
1*. A. Doooto; E. J. J. Epplnfrer; F. C. O. Es
tpr'.y: G. J. B. Sawyer; H. H. Warner; »lpial
c^tachment. C. T. Dozler.
Fourth nergeam* — Company A. MoC. Graydo;
H. C. P. Holt; C. H. A. Klueire!: n. L. E.
Martin: E. O. C. Pratt: F\ \V. A. Powell: O.
V. Rtf<\; H. H. M. Schuster; signal detach
ment. F. Hlshnn.
Fifth sergeant*— Company A, C C. Dakln;
B. F. F. Goodwill; C. A. Kempkey: p. O.
C. McTV.nald: E. J. llarkley: F. O. H. Roes-
Tier: «. C F. Rom-ell; H. L,. n. Smith and M.
Scott.
The folrnwir.p named are placed on the
¦waitir.gr list for Fergeancles:
E. T. Zook. W. R. Durbln. C. R. Parker. L
Kl'ng. C. H. Aspland. A. Faull. B. Lorenz.
J. Coetiian. r>u Ray Smith. H. V. Johnston.
E. P. Oandtner. W. IX <Juiw5«-!nnder. L.. Arr^.
The following named cadets have been
cp;?r>lni<v1 corporal?:
E C Anthony. F. B Alexander. M. X. Al
!ir.g. Hryan Boll. T. W. Bell W. T. B-e. XV.
M. HranFford. W. J. Buttge-nbach. W. L..
Brown, C. Baruch. H. G. Baugh. E. A. Bailey.
E H. Brook?. E. G. Cahill. A. Cadogan. Wil
liam Caubu. H. B. Dewing. F. Durst. G. K.
F:?h. W . U Finley. A. W. Foster. E. B. Gould,
C Gilere*t. C A. Galnes. F. A. Gowtng, J.
« Cuill. \V. H. Girvln. H. M. Hanson. S. S.
Hursh.. W. B. Hill. N. .«. HerrefhofT. J. P.
Jones. C. K. Judy. A. KnofT. B F. Kierulff.
T. B. Klmhley, A. F. Kales, -J. M- Koford.
F. D Lrrrt. R«L. I^anfrworthy, A. P. Mathew,
J R Munseli. E. H. McColligter. J. D. Mad
<Jr1U. H I'. MacVle. E. MrBoyle. T. 6. Mac-
Qulddy. 1>. V. MrUren. F. E. Newton. C.
<J. Korrta. A. N. Perry. C. W. Petit. G.
<juinan. L. \V. Symmee, G. R. Phuey. R. Flb
lfy. O. Srhulze, U'. A. Sherman. F. Schwa
ta«-h^r. E. Stanton. F. A. Spengler, J. A. Wll
fon. J. II. Wise, H. V. Walton, S. B. Wright.
B. I-. York.
First sergeants-Company A. F. H. Allen;
B N. E. Deutsch; C. J. M. E*hleman; D, K
H Ke'.ley; E. I. B. Rhodes; F. (\ H. Tracy;
O. N. Vanderbilt; H. E. H. Wrlpht: eignal de
tachment, J. R. Pinkham; band. H..A. Hol!-
BERKELEY. May 24-Professor Frank
Smile, commandant of the University Ca
dets, announced to-day the military ap
pointments for the coming year as fol
lows:
Captain*— Ompany A. Glenn Allen; B, .Wal
ter Bakewe".!; C. John W. S. Butler; D; C. L.
Car'.son; adjutant, R. H. Ourtlss; E. Ralph T.
F!»her: F. H. P. Mathenson; G, Charles XV.
MoOonauithj •; Mima I detachment, H. C. Me
lon*: II. Nathan M. Koran.
FlrM lieutenant* — Company A, E. W Alex
ander; It. Walter W. Bradley; signal detach
ment. W. E. Conlin; C. Walter N. FrlckMad;
P. Frank Goodenow; unajtsijwd. W. B Gree
ley: e. J E. «Ju«afson: P. Richard W. Har
vey <j. James A. Jlonan; H. J. o. Osborn;
frssl. F E. Howard.
Secor.i lieutenant*— Company A. D. T. Baker;
filial duty. C. L. Barham; B, C. S. Pall; C.
V. W Downer; D. S. C. Faneuf; E. N. C.
Gregory: signal detarhiwr.t, B. A. 'Hammond;
K. W. V. Klchardeon: G. J. H. Taft: H. K. J.
\\ alter: hand. J. K. E. Clewe; sergeant major.
R rt. Hunt.
Head the Military Through
the Next Term.
Commandant Frank Soule Announces
the Names of Those Who Will
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 24.-The rioting
and .bloodshed of yesterday in the car
strike was repeated th!a evening. An at
tack was made on a train on the Park
division of the Transit Company at Comp
ton and Park avenues. Two cars were
sent out to make a trip from the Unfon
station to the carsheds on Park ami
Vandeventer avenues. The train reached
Park and Compton avenues while a num
ber of streetcar men were holding a
meeting in a cafe at the corner. Hearing
the noise of the cars they ran out to the
sidewalk ami Joined the crowd, which
was watching the approaching of the
train. The guards, ¦who were seated in
the rear car. immediately opened ' fire.
On» of the bullets hit a spectator, said
to be a real estate man, slightly wounding
him in the heel. Another bullet passeu
through the glass front of the care and
lodged In th*» right Ifg of Dave Wajtta. a
striking motorman. J. S. Harding, also
a motorman. received one of the bullets
in the right fU!c nf the chest. He wa3 re
moved to the City Hospital, where hia
condition ts thought to be serious.
Innocent Spectator of the Trouble,
Said to Be a Real Estate Man,
Is Wounded in the
Heel.
Three Persons Shot by the
Guards and One May
Not Live.
MORE SHOOTING
AS A RESULT OF
THE CAR STRIKE
Among the floral tokens were emblems
from the engineers, Pacific Ixidge of A. O.
U. \\\. railroad men of Boulder Creek and
the children of Miss Kunice Gallagher's
class of the Durant School. The pallbear
ers were as follows: Pacific Lodge, I. Jor
genson, Fred L. Button and George A. B.
Smith: Leland Stanford Division, En
glneersWells, Clark and Jones. George
Colegrave, \V. Arps and Al Rodgers repre
sented other departments of the Southern
Pacific Company. Oakland Alliance of St.
Patrick's Alliance had present the follow
ing members: D. J. Desmond, John
Hickey, Thomas McGrath. Thomas Cal
laghan, John Dooley, A. Healey and John
Quinn.
The foregoing verdict was rendered by
a Coroner's jury up-night at the inquest
in the cases of Engineer Frank Shaw and
Fireman Henry Wetzel, who were killed
Tuesday at Alameda Point. The verdict
in Wctzcl's case was identical with that
of ShaV. The jurors refused to attach
blame to the Southern Pacific Company
or to any of Its employes because of
Switchman A. R. McCuen's testimony.
Admitting that he had thrown the switch
which caused the wreck, he firmly de
clared he had followed the line, of his
duty. He stoutly maintained that the
switch should have been closed by the
members of the yard crew who were be
hind him, as he was called ahead with
the yard engine upon which he was work,
ing to open another switch.
The funeral of Frank J. Shaw, the
Southern Pacific engineer who was killed
in Tuesday's wreck at Alameda Point
was held this afternoon from the family
residence, 809 Twenty-seventh street. Ser
vices were held at the grave under the
direction of Iceland Stanford Division No.
2K3, Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers'
whose chaplain. Isaac Jordan, conducted
the exercises- according to the brotherhood
ritual.
OAKLAND. May 24.— "We, the Jury, do
find that the name of the deceased was
Frank J. Shaw, a native of California,
aged about 40 years; that he came to his
death at Alameda Point. Alameda County,
California, at about 6:30 p. m., May 22,
1900, and that death was caused by his
being crushed accidentally under the lo
comotive of the local narrow gauge train,
due to said locomotive running into an
open switch.
Neither Railroad Company Nor Em
ployes Censured for the Death
of Engineer Shaw and
Fireman wetzel.
Coroner's Jury Fixes No
Responsibility for Ala
meda Wreck.
McCUEN IS NOT
BLAMED FOR THE
TRAIN DISASTER
him to fight off the reaper for months. :
Dr. O'Malley received his first Injury on
the island of Negros after he had been
nine months In the trenches. He was rid
ing to the front through a broken country
to attend a call for medical assistance
when an overhanging branch struck him
on the left side, throwing him from his
horse and leaving him stunned and ter
ribly bruised. That was In December,
when' he was attached to the Eighteenth
Infantry. A few weeks later, while on his
way from Hollo to Capig in a small boat
a storm came, on and in the pitching of
the vesael he was thrown to the deck and
again atruck on his left side, injuring him
self painfully. Although unfit for duty,
eurgeons were scarce, and he remained at
his post until February 16. when, while
removing a bullet from a wounaed man.
his left arm became paralyzed. Then he
applied to be Relieved, but the department
was so slow in acting on his request that
a month pawed before the relief came.
During that time he remained. in the field,
although It was necessary for his men to
lift him in and out of the saddle every
day. After live days in the lloilo hos
pital he was transferred to a transport
and came home. His death wag due to an
aneurism of the heart.
The dead soldier was the son of Austin
J. O'Malley. a highly respected citizen, re
siding at 1114 Hyde street, and his parents,
four brothers and three sisters survive;
him. Father O"Malley of Sonoma is a
brother. Dr. O'Malley was born in this
city in October. 1872. and was educated in
the public schools. He was graduated
from the State University and from the
medical department of the same Institu
tion in 1S95. Ho was for many years a
member of the National Guard. Soon after
taking his decree In medicine he went to
Alaska for the Alaska Packing Company,
and afterward practiced in this city. In
November. ISflS. he became a contract sur
geon and was sont to Honolulu, where he
remained until about a year ago, when he
was transferred to the Philippines and
saw active service with the Sixth. Kight
eenth and Twelfth Infantry regiments* on
Luzon Panay and Negros islands. His
earnest work among the sick and wounded
attracted the attention of his superior of
ficers, and probable promotion awaited
him. He -vas conscious just before his
death and stated to Father Ramm. who
attended him. that he had no regrets and
that had 1.1s life been spared he would
have certainly returned to the front be
cause of the great work to be done, there.
The body of the dead soldier was re
moved yes'terday to the home of his aged
parents and there viewed by many sor
rowing friends. The funeral will take
place on Saturday morning from at.
Mary's Cathedral.
DR. W. H. I. O'MALLEY
MET UNTIMELY DEATH
TO LEAD CADETS
UPON BERKELEY'S
FIELD OF GLORY
Military Appointments for
the Year at the State
University.
WELL-KNOWN MARINER
IS CALLED BY DEATH
CAPTAIN ROBERT R. SEARLE,
. one of the oldest navigators in
Western waters since the Pacific
traffic became an object to the com
mercial world, died yesterday morning in
his rooms at the Palace Hotel. For many
years past he had been a sufferer from
rheumatism and kindred ills. ' Combined
with virulent attacks of this disease he
became afflicted a few years ago with a
.cancerous growth in the throat which
made such rapid headway that a trip
East was made necessary. Though sub
mitting to an operation there little Im
provement was effected by the treatment
to which Captain Searle was subjected.
He then returned to this coast and took
up his residence at the Palace.
For many years Captain Searle was at
the head of the Pacific Mail Steamship
fleet, retiring with a reputation for cour
age, brRvery and skill as a mariner. He
saved the money that he earoed in the
service and invested in real property. His
estate will reach the value of J100.000.
About $85,000 is In cash distributed among
the various savings banks of this city.
The property is situated in Monterey
County. As" far as is known Captain
Searles lert no relatives. The Public Ad
ministrator was granU-d letters of admin
istration yesterday and at onoe took pos
session of his effects. It is not definitely
known whether or not a will was left, but
the general belief is that Captain Searle
drew up a statement two years ago and
reposed it In the keeping of A. Halsey of
.Tuolumne County, a close friend of the
deceased. . The last hours of Captain
Searle'3 life were attended by the pres
ence of Miss 8. W, Nicoll. an old friend,
and Captain George S. McKlnnon.
One of the peculiar incidents in the life
of the deceased was his friendship and
THE SAN FBAXCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
NEW YORK, May 24.— John W. Wilson
cf Redlands, now in this city, was to-day
commissioned Bank Examiner for Cali
fornia. \ ...
John W. Wilson of Badlands Receives
His Commission.
Special DUp*tch fo The Call..
NAMED BANK EXAMINEE.
President David Starr Jordan spoke and
Miss Sannie Kruger sang in the Olivet
Congregational Church at Seventeenth
and Noe streets last night. President
Jordan's subject was "Apassiz." He tolT
of the Fummer school of the great nat^
uralirt at Penikese and said that greater
influence wa* exerted by Agaesiz for the
scientific advancement of the people when
he spoke in a barn on an uninhabited
island than had proceeded from any
school of science. The audience heartily
applauded the lecturer and the singer. *
Agassiz Was Eulogized.
Piano duet (Mowskousky), th* MI«*eB Bear el I;
soprano eolo (selected), Mr*. Wallace Wheaton
BrlRK»; contralto solo (selected). Miss Cecilia
Decker; tenor . »olo (selected). Oscar Frank;
trio, "Ave Maria," Miss Hibberd. Mist Fon
tpra, MUs Beazell. Miss I-anue. Mm. BriCTfe;
ban ro\o Selected), George Finer: violin »olo
((selected). Miss Oertrude Hlbberd; - contralto
folo (selected). Miss Ida Lange: barytone »olo,
"Nearer. My God. to Thee." WJllard Young;
organ voluntary '(selected), Fletcher Tilton;
oflcrtory.
A sacred concert under the auspices of
Loving Service Circle. King's 'Daughters,
will be held this evening at the Franklin
street Presbyterian Church, Franklin and
Vallejo streets. The receipts -will be de
voted to the organ fund. Following is
the programme:
King's Daughters' Concert.
A committee consisting of J. A. Van
Anda, H. N. Bevier and W, Frear. repre
senting the united . committees of the
churches of San Francisco,, has is
sued an appeal to the people of the Pacific
Coast for contributions of money to aid
the starving people of India. . All cash
donations may be sent to I. J. Truman
care of the Columbian Banking Company'
who will forward the money to United
States Consul Patterson at Calcutta.
For Starving Hindoos.
At a meeting of the Old Friends held
Wednesday night H. C. Osmont was elect
ed president and A. S. Page treasurer.
Twenty-three new members were elected.
It w?.s decided to give an excursion to
Sunset Park in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains Sunday. July 8, Instead of the flsh
injr excursion previously scheduled. A
committee of arrangements composed o?
the following named was appointed: Al
Dougherty. A. S. Page. James Lestrange,
Melville Herman. Dr. F. F. Lord. E. W.
Close and J. E. Slirkey.
Old Friends to Give an Excursion.
Feast of Ascension Celebrated.
The feast of the Ascension was cele
brated In an unusual manner at the
Church of the Advent yesterday. Solemn
eveneonp was rendered by the combined
choirs of Christ's Church, Alameda, and
the Church of the Advent under the aus
pices of the Vested Choir Association, the
music being under the direction of J. de P.
Teller of the Alameda church. Harvey
Loy presided at the organ. The-pro
gramme was as follows: "Magnificat" and
"Nunc Dimittis" In E flat, by John E.
West; "The Men of Galilee," anthem, by
Vlncent.and an arrangement by Thomp
son of "Lead. Kindly Light," for men's
voices. Rev. Martin Ray of Oakland de
livered an addres&. The church was crowd
ed with fashionable people.
9
LATE DR. W. H. I. O'MALLEY.
CAPTAIN ROBERT R, SEARLE.
THE MASSACRE OF
TAWI TAWI.
Thrilling story of how American soldiers
were slaughtered.
I I HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF
I THE I FROM A FOOTPAD.
SUNDAY CALL -> ,
theI S all. "RUSHING" THE FRESHMEN
'iniiniiiiH i ' AT STANf0RD - ¦
Exciting story of the pranks played upon
the new students.
"OLD PARIS" AT THE
EXPOSITION.
By The Sunday Gill's special correspond
dent, Genevieve Green.
p£| SUNDAY'S
r; '' :^^ > /I ¥ I
EVOLUTION OF THE YACHT.
Told by an expert .yachtsman.
OUR SOCIETY WOMEN AND
THEIR FADS.
THE CALIFORNIA HORSE. r LU U —
•^- .rmiCB
His many types from "Cayuse five cents
to thoroughbred. A copy.
READ IT.
WILL THE BOERS, DEFEATED, "TREK" TTT] i ] FT
TO GIRMAN SOUTH AFRICA?
¦ • ¦ ¦ i
¦ » ~ ¦
TYPICAL SKETCHES BY THE
COW-PUNCHER ARTIST. •
Life in Old Mexico as pictured by a cow-
boy who has turned artist.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
10
*AN I--U/.NC-ISCO CALL.
rrsrNESS OFFICE of The' San Francisco
CaH. comer of Market and Third streets, open
r.r.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— w27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: cpen until S:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3S McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. a.
C15 I/srkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
15*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open un-
til S p. m.
:os Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia strert; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tarky streetf : open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CornmTn~«ery"~No. 1, K. .-*•"
T.. No. 8 Pott St.— Stated assembly |5«*r^
THIS BVBKXXO. All lraier* cordially KM
lnvltr<5. By .order of the Commander. vSr
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. »
„ f-|
TERBA BUENA CHAPTER NO. 1. _JJ ,
Knlphts llo*e O-oix.— Meeting _/>•—!
THIS (FR1DAT) EVENING at K1
7:3o c clr.ck. Decree IS. 1/1
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. JU
— • u
OCCI PHXTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and m
A. M.. THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. _^^_
at 7 o'clock. Third degree. Master Tt/T
Hasons cordially invited. By order /^r '
cf the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
APOLLO Lo£se No. J23. L O. O. J^f21&>,'~
F. — Members take notice that the J^^_ T2<Zi
Flrrt (1st) Degree will be con- 7^& > M?'
!erred by Apo'.Io Lodge Degree
Tetrn THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at S:30
o'clock, in Memorial Kali. Odd Fellows' j
btlMing. Sojourning and visiting brothers
corclally Invited. • I
W. A. LIMB A UGH. K. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and m«nbcn>of Franco- ¦,- , ,
American Lodge No. 307. L O.
O. F.. are hereby notified to as- *^S%?r
*•::.:> at their l^-dreroom. Odd /l "
Fellows' Hall. FRIIJAT. May 25. at 2 o'clock j
p. m., for the purpose of attending the funer- j
ai of our late brother, JEAN MARIE
1'ICHON. By order of K. DAUCHER.
Noble Grand. I
A. L. AfRAPOT', Recording Secretary.
6PKING 1500 fiuertalainfr.t and . ¦y^ >- !
dance will be given by The Caie- 5 1 - li l *J
dcn'.an Club !n Scottish Hall. 107 *^JL$£ 1 !
I-irklr. St.. FRIDAY EVENING, < *s3* j
ilay 2!.. Entertainment will commence at j
t o'clix-k tharp. M'-nibern and their friends I
are cordially invited to attend.
A. McLEOD. Chief. j
ANDREW TIcNAIR. S«vretary.
THE CkSeAaeiaa Club win hold its v O >. }
thirty-focrth ar.cjal gathering and 3V, Qtiu !
pam<-a at fihr'.l M->un<l Park on 'SJkX'Ss j
VTEDXBSDAT. May 30. The best '*£?* !
ml.letes of the Pa -ifie Const will compete j
for prizes. Over tZi'Jv will b« distributed.
Full bands frr pavMicn dancing up to S '
j). m. Berplpers fcr platform and fancy [
cianclnir. Over forty events on programme:
»r»-t one. A Highland welcome with a full I
day cf pleasure to all. Buy ronnd trip ferry j
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to i
grounds, adult?, Zjc: children. 25c.
ANNVAL mref.nif— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt I
Water Company w:!l be held at 327 Market j
rt.. San Francisco. California, on MONDAY. '
the I'Sth day cf May. IKK), at the hour of S p.
rr... fcr the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction cf «nch other business as may I
corr.e before the meeting. Transfer books will I
c!o*e en Friday. May IS. JSOO. at I o'clock i
Pl rn. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary. '
AN\"CAL meet. ng— The regular annual meeting
«'t the stockholders of the Independent Elec-
trick Light and Power Company will be held
at the office of the enmsany. 327 Market St..
Kan Francisco. Cal.. en MONDAY, the 2Sth
day cf May. A. D. 1900. at the hour of 11
•iricrk a. m.. for the purpose of electinr a
board, of directors to serve for the ensuing
jf-ar and the transaction cf such other busi-
r.»c.s as may come before the meeting: trans- j
f.r books will close, ca Friday, May 25. 1900.
a: 3 o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENT, rr.ar. or woman, to handle new book; j
salary anc" con-.missicH. Apply Gil Montgomry. I
ASTROLOGY. i
yiviy. A. MAFERI of Egypt, greatest astrol-
rp'.ft and palmist 1n the world; satisfaction
rur. ra!-r»e<!. "3 PrweH »t. *
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success: eol!er"nns. G. W.
HOWE, any. at law. SiO Marlce. . cor. Stockton.
B. W. KING. s:7 Market «.. mom C7: all
caFef; no advance charges; call or write. |
AT>V1<~f; free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
£T F. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
kpt ft; consultation free; no fee* ta advance.
U4TII CAUIXET HOT AIR. VAPOR.
BOOT2CSO3? t3 4-pan«?l fci<3!ng: door opens; firm
ar-A '*'.*. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 416 E'.ils.
BELGIAN HARES.
JXi^YOT^WANT^hnLGIAN HARES?
If ho wjuld it not pay you to buy hares that i
hav<- been passed upon by a disinterested j
Jurtee? I
yCTR a. M. BI"PH. who is undoubtedly the
r*~?t scorer to be had. ho.6 scored &11 our hares !
that are worth JT5 and up. So by buying of j
us vou pet a score card signed by her with j
yn-jf hare.
Many persons have paid fiealers large prices |
frr hares and upon having them scored by
Mrr. Bosh have found they were not up to j
what they were represented to them. "A word |
to the wise." etc. California Belgian Hare As-
sociation. GEO. A. YOCNG, manager, Ala-
meda. <"al.
AT THE HEAD OF OUR STUD— Imported
FAFHODA KIN«5. by Champion Fashoda. out
of <loe by Pride of York. Choice pedigreed
does. Just received, at reasonable rates. Our
specialty, rabb'.try supplies of all kinds; nurse j
dff rontert. Goliien Gate Belgian Hare Co.. j
6"?-Cll Golden Gate ave. ; tel. South CM. Open j
Mondays & evenir.RS. Ira BaJtcr Dalrlel. prop. I
THOROUGHHRED Belgian does, bred to Royal |
Sovereign. $10 to $10; to Emperor of Norfolk, j
tl'O to $30; to AJax O.iKhest-ecorlng buck in
America). S30 to 150: youngsters, all strains. 6
weeks, $2 50: 10 weeks. $3 50; 3 months, to and
$7 50. Kenwood Rabbltry, tJO 14th St., Oakland.
RKDFOOT RABBITRY— Choice Elr Styles. Yu-
kon. Banbury. Klondike Nugget. Red Rover,
Duke cf Auckland and others; fine does, ready
to litter; crark young bucks. Seventh and
Clay rts.. Oakland.
E A N" PABl6~AVe! RABBITR?! C15 San
1'aUn ave., Oakland— Thoroughbred Yukon
your.jrsters, f M> *° *£ per pair for few days
to make room. TOM P. DUTTON. manap«r.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Af soclatlon— Does '
bred to FashrxSa Prince and Royal Rochdale,
JiO to $50; rest strain reung-ters, $2 to $15.
4515 Teleemrh ave.. Oakland.
LORD Fashoda Chl"f. Imported March. 19nO;
score. SSH: fw. t:l: breeding does and does
with litters. EUREKA RABBITRY. 1816 Turk.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore st..
San Francisco. Cal.— Send 6 cents In stamps
for book on car* and feeding:.
BELGIAN hares— Partner wanted; established
tiuflnff«: great opportunity. Box I85S, Call.
BICYCLES — For Sale. or Ctehange.
NEW Cleveland bicycles: better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & BILL. SPS Lerkln st.
GREAT bargains in second-hand bicycles; from
li up: i<*nd for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309
Ijarkin et.. San Francisco.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A PRIVATE home for children by week or
month: one day to 15 yrars old: select neigh-
borhood: mother's care; terms low; eunny
yard. 1304 Poet «.: tel. Lfirkln LS7; 2 bells.
GERMAN lady wishes to board children, near
schorl: terms reas. : runny yard. 439 Minna.
nooK>— m;\v ami old.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 7(>4 Mission rt.. near Third.
nOOT AND Mini: BARGAINS.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children's shoes;drum-
m*rs' sample* mfp. rest. Kohlbecher, 14S 4th.
niSIM£4S CHANCES.
Jk.—41XO; STATIONERY and variety store-
prominent street north of Market; owner
there over 10 years: living rooms; low rent;
tteady buslness^STENBEnO OO.. 836 Markt.
X^-JXO; LAUNDRY route clearing $r,0 a month:
rood hcrpe and wason; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buying; splendid oppor-
tunlly. STENBERG CO., 935 Market, st.
$250— BRANCH bakery, grocery and notions; 4
block* from ilarket Ft.: 4 living rooms; rent
emiy »1S; harrraln. STENBERG CO.. S3S Mkt.
ASTONISHING opportunity (ROOD will handle
it>— Grand 3-?tory brick hotel; 75 beautifully
finished rooms; aH elegantly furnished; bar,
etc : corner lot. 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
crowded with boarders and J2-<1ny transients;
beet city in State: cost and worth $60,000; free
of debt, but owlnr to peculiar circumstance*
Is offered for 512.500; better than stated; It's
a fool who doubts wl'Jiout Investigation.
K . I). EICKELS. the Land Agent. 10 Geary.
tlSO— PARTNER wanted; tight Indoor business;
will pay over '$60 per. month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. ~7',t Market «t.
•1-r. nt-yc rjavlnr saloon; must sell; going
E«?r» ena^ WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market-
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
TO my customers and friends — I have removed
my real estate and business agency to 26ft
Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10. Thanking you for
past patronage. I assure you that all orders
will be. as before, promptly attended to. R.
G. WILKE.
A — $275; cigar store on East st. opposite the
ferries; low rent; a small Investment but &
bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; SALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: lease:
large stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $350; COFFEE saloon and chop house, with
10 furnished rooms; rent low; daily receipts
$35. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A-$S50; CORNER sajoon; rent $18; choicest lo-
cation south of Market St.; place doing a good
paying business, but patties can't agree.
Call R. G. WILKE. 25^ Kearny st.
A— $350; CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary St.; low rent
and good paving business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $4M>; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many years and rood paying place; on Sixth
gt.; low rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Krny.
A— $SLO; CORNER saloon. 1 block from .Market
and Stockton its.; net rent $C3; a good paying
and old-established business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE 2C% Kearny st.
A— «5000: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; 6 years' lease;
place kept by owner 11 vears and clears above
$3<"O per month: a splendid offer. Call R. G.
V.'ILKE. 2C4 Kearny st. ¦ .
$175— SHOOTING gallery, making lots of money;
owner going to Paris Exposition; a French-
man. See H. G. WILKE, 2titt Kearny st.
A— DRUG store: fine location: good' chance for
doctor or druggist. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— CORNER: downtown saloon: great sacri-
fice; sickness cause. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
CIGAR store: best in the city: near The Call
building. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
To rrnt— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place ie entirely covered and con-
tains " stalls: rent only $1C: water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
$ST,O— FINE candy, ice cream and stationery
store: good fixtures; fine location; a great
bargain. LANE & CO.. SC5 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale, cheap: going to
Nome. Apply F. F. LORD. 1 Fifth Ft., rm. 10.
$S00— PARTNER in the country in a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store: billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.: expenses paid while here
Investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. Geyservllle. Sonoma County, Cal.
WANTED— Lady partnep in first-class restau-
rant and fr-tilly filnlng room; some capital
required. Address box 2117. Call office.
GOOD planing- mill and lumber yard In this
city for sale. Box 2S61. Call office.
jco—A SHOP, all new tools, with stores for
vest maker, rent $7. Box 2S69. Call ofllce.
GOOD bargain: fruit store; good locality; party
going to Nome. 212 Gough Et.
$60 BUYS half Interest In saloon; proprietor
sick; good thing. Call 930 Howard st.
Al SALOON doing excellent business, for sale
immediately: central location; price $1400;
no agents. Further particulars, box 2S50, Call.
A TRANSFER corner saloon: north of Market;
sickness. Addrees box 2S54, Call ofllce.
SAWMILL and site equipped for running: a
fortune fer $1COO. W. P., box 2S46. Call office.
DRUG store for sale cr exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern. pay-
Ing drug store In a (rood mining town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
RESTAURANT: must be sold; party going to
Cape Nome; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 11S9 Oak st.
FOR sale— The Central Hotel In Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
$500— PHOTOGRAPH gallery: paying well: cen-
tral location; will teach business. Address
box 14, Call office-.
FOR sale— f-aloon tn wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMAXN. Lt'TGENS & CO.. 31S Clay st.
J450 — CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
account cf sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
WANTED — Sober man as partner: paying ea-
loon; no, experience. 405 Spear st.
$1SOO CASH: corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
good location: no agents. Inquire 3} Lily ave.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store, near
4 larre schools., cheap. Box A. 300 Hayes.
SALOON for tale, cheap. Apply 1003 Howard
street.
$100 — CIGAR stand; good locality; rare opportu-
nity. Inquire S2 Minna st., during day.
MILK route for sale In San Mateo. For infor-
mation inquire at 431 Pine et.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
31 ROOMS ON MARKET ST
Only $300
25 rooms on Bush; rent $55 $350
30 rooms; In payments $1SOO
S-room new flat .: $400
Boarding-house for rooming-house.
110-room house: best on earth $4500
12 rooms; en McAllister st $4<X)
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $1CO $1000
22-room house on Turk st $750
12 rooms; on best street $400
24 rooms; corner; clears J20Q $lG00
10 rooms; en Jones St.; clears $S5 $400
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission st $450
10-room house; new furniture $200
: 12-room house; on Post si....". '. $400
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call -of flee... $jo0
10 rooms: on Mascn st. : payments $150
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market sf*.. opp. Fifth.
A— ROOMING house: great money maker;
| heart the city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
• $lw«K-&6 ROOMS, all rented: good location, near
Market ; (Tent. : rent low. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
! $700— IS ROOMS; central; cheap rent; an un-
| usual opportunity. Address box 2S28, CaH.
SMALL sunny lodging-house; low rent: house
full; furniture new. 616 Geary st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving- horse*. 11th & Valencia.
CARPET I1EATING AND CLEANING:
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tet. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co
342-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
| vatlng Co.. 249 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITT Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
iH Stevenson et.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jcsale 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Ca. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. .
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHEAPEST and best In America— fe"he Weekly
Call, 16 pases, Bent w any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
~ SPIRITUALISM. ~
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: articles!
sealed letters read; 10c; sittings dally. I3ti
Sixth st,
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st., r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle r.--day, 2 and 8 p.
m., 10c; also Sat. eve.; read, dally. 142 Sixth.
.MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St.; test circle to-
night. » o'clock; 10c; readings daily; 10 to 6.
" WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium! 230
Ellis Ft; 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: readings
dally: tests to-night. 10c; bring questions, etc.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket." bet. 10th and 11th; dr. Mon., 8 p. m.
. EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellin St.— Seanre Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
GO to Watson, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist: 25c. USl Market. nr.l2th.
* MRS.J.J. WHITNEY. clalr\-oyant.test. business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Mnrket.
i CLAIRVOYANT*.
A —-MRS. PR. CLARK ¦ ¦
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PEHMA/CENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
St.. ma# be consulted on all affairs of life;
fhf will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
: fections; unite 'the separated: satisfaction
' guaranteed by mall; rend stamp for circular
1 with S|»eclal terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205
1 Turk su, near Jones. • : ¦
MISS HEIiVILLB, great clairvoyant and water
; reader; German spoken. 921V4 Mission, op. Mint:
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
Mission et.. near 4th. rm. 8: 25c up: ring bell.
r MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth st .
¦ . ' ¦ • '
CLAIRVOYANTS. O.^.i
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
ruture; never /alls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; showB picture future husband or wife;
fee J»c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. A. E BROWER, psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 220% McAllister St.; hours 2
to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future;. 25c. 14S Sixth at., r. 14.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortuneo by planets; pre-
dicted steamship disaster '74. 310 Mason at.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYRILLE-Cradle to grave; future hus-
hanfl's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPK NOME.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will eall May 28. For passage and freight
apply to 418 California St.. room 32; telephone
John 1151.
FOR SALE: — 2 second cabin and "2 first cabin
tickets. Cape Nome, steamer Valencia. May
26; one flrtt cabin, steamer Humboldt, May
30. Apply 50C Market st. . ' .
CAPK NOME rocker; lightest and best In the
market: price $10. 1911H Mission st.
COLLKCTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Apeney— No charge un-
lesn successful. Room 310. !>27 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
PROSPECT ave..""lH— 1% story, good grounds
and view; take Valencia cars to terminus
and Inquire; rent reasonable.
$10 — BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Col'.lns St.. near Geary.
.DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $6; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillinEs, LOc; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. 80fl Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to -2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $S; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings.' gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, S63 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No fharee for extracting when plates are
made:. old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per, set; extracting, ,50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. -Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 23c.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk St. ¦ . '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. •sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DOG HOSPITALS. * I
DR. CREELTS C. P. dog *oap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARDS Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
nnimals treated: dogs bearded. Tel. West 636.
DR. T. H. COOK— Treatment of birds a spe-
rlalty: consultation free. Address 220 Third.
DRESSMAKERS AMJ SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailorint: eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter 0.. dressmaking
rchool; any pattern cut to measure. •
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary 6t. : dresses
made. $5 uj>; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post; overO'ConnorAMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts: call or eend for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NE.SS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at. •
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
Urt St.; life scholarship, 150; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen -art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.:
the coming school: thorough: up to date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILI-EN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporter* "best teacher.
best system." M. G. BARRETT. |02 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE-Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
ML. PANCOAST. Secretary, f.10 Golden Gate.
PROF. MERK1. successful teacher cf mandolin,
violin and cultar. IOCS Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEL'NE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and rentlemen. O. SInz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkefplng. grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. Tne Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOY3IEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE^cln7<E^E^Com^a«or^nd'"En>
ployment Office turnlshen best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
.A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established oter five years.
421 Post st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help furn. : tel. John 2121. SO6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411K O'Farrell «t.: t"l. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together tn hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; best reference. 242 Natoma St.,
basement.
«
NEAT Jananese elrl wants a situation to do
housework and to help cooking. Christian
Woman's Home, 1427 Pine st.
YOUNG Scotch woman wants position as
housekeeper; has little girl. Call or address
1547 Turk St.
A REFINED Christian woman wants situa-
tion; is a good tfook and housekeeper; city or
country. Call at 474 Jess'^s at.
NEAT colored girl would like position a> nurse
to invalid to children or lady's maid; $25 to
$30; experienced. Call or address 917 Powell.
LADY wants sewing and mending to do at
home, or .would go as housekeeper, city or
country. Call at 116 Sixth st., room 6.
LADY wishes position as seamstress, house-
keeper or cook; city or country- 132 Sixth
Ft., room 5.
EXPERIENCED lady (middle-aged) desires
care of infant or Invalid; city or country;
salary $15 to ?20. Address box 2866, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to do- general housework; city
or' country: moderate wages. 328 Minna st.
ELDERLY woman wishes . to assist in light
housework: no wages; Just for meals: sleep
home; refined German family preferred. Ad-
dress box 7613, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman ivould tike to do
dishwashing or genertil kitchen work. Please
address 1731 Market st. ' "
COMPETENT girl wishes to do second work
or housework: wages $20 to $25; city or coun-
try- 147 Seventh st. -
A YOUNG woman will care for children, or lri-
valld for expenses to Paris. Box 2S56. Call.
YOUNG woman wants position as cook, to go
to Cape Nome; no curiosity seekers. Box
2S38. Call office..
YOUNG Swedish woman, first-class references
would like to take care family house over
summer: If necessary cook for 1 or I. Ad-
dress box 23S8, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th-rd St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and rcenectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch " of fice. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ,
EMPLOYMEJfT WANTED MALE. I
SHEET Iron and tin worker, flrst-class and :
experienced In all branches, will accept very
low pay with steady Job anywhere. -Address
boxTllS. Call office: '
STEADY, reliable man, understands care of
horses, cows, etc.; good driver; handy '-with
tools; well recommended; city or- country.
Addrera box 2867, Call office.
STEADY young man, understands horses,
. cows, carriages, harness, etc.; good worker; !
references. Address box 2S68. Call office*
RELIABLE trustworthy young man 24 years, J
experienced in bookkeeping and general office
•lutles, desires engagement with well estab-
lished firm of this city: was employed by well
known company of Seattle, Wash., until
their failure: reference from above company:
security If reqijlred. Address box 2831. Call. ;
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur- ;
niture, , roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2. Dwight
way station. Berkeley.
GARDENER, middle-ased: skillful In treat-
ment and management of horses, cows, etc.;
moderate wa«es; flrst-class city recommenda-
tlons. Box 2851. Call. ¦
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man; experi-
enced with stationary boilers, engines and
dynamos; references and security if required.
Box 2847. Call. ; »
A GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and 'shoer wishes
steady situation; city or country: reasonable
Wages. Address F. A. M., box 16, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle : aged. all-
round man (German); knows all about horses
and teaming and well acquainted In city.
1345 Sacramento St.. above grocery.
YOUNG married man, with good references,
would like to accept a position in any busi-
ness In San Francisco or Oakland. Box 2S34.
Call office. |
BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
timekeeper, assistant bookkeeper or any gen-
eral office work: six years' experience: best
of references. Address P. O. box 442, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED man and wife, flrst-class
cook, desire situations together in the coun-
try^ ¦^J____
WANTED— By a flrst-clkss cheese maker, *
position. Address box 2S26. Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations; man under-
6tends dairy work wife to do cooking or gen-
eral housework. 431-433 Pine st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1036 Va-
lencia Bt. .•;.,*;,•¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription* '
received at Call bran-h office. 2200 Flllmor* St.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale^T*exchange— Belgian hare rabbltry;
established business; 150 pedigree stock; ex-
change for house and lot across the bay.
Apply 215 Sansome St.. room 2.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE German expert optician,
10714 Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. SOc. Phone Mint 257.
FINANCIAL.
FOR highest paying safe Investments: cash or
installments. Call or write room 1. 36 Geary.
IPLATS TO LET.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417H Third St..
FLATS— 3 and 4 rooms, bath: off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
S from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.
1131 Geary St.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
NEAT sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms and
bath: $25. 1014 Broderlck st.. near Turk.
NEW sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment; modernlmp : l^_lW5_^F^rrell_8t 1 _
OCTAVIA, 710, near McAllister— 7 rooms, bath;
all modern Improvements; rent reasonable.
UPPER flat; C rooms and bath. 1120B Turk St.,
near Laguna.
FLATS TO LEt — FUHNISHED.
CLAY, 241S— Modern, newly furnished flat; new
piano; sunny; with garden.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only in use 3
months, for M price; rent $10: can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth Bt.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Hod 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, $30. and crew, $20 each, water-
ing resort (see party here); 2 German or Scan-
dinavian waitresses, springs. $20; 10 wait-
resses, resort. $20: waitresses, Menlo Park,
$20; 3 waitresses, Rosn Valley, and
chambermaid, to wait, $20: waitress. Vlsa-
lla; waitress. Corning; 2 waitresses, San Jose,
$25; G waitresses, city. $25 and $20; 2 extra
waitresses. Belvedere, $1 a day and free fare;
waitress. Valiejo; waitress, Wardner; 2 cham-
bermaids, to wait, see party here at 10
o'cl'k: 4 lunch waitresses, $3. $3 50 week;
2 c.-mbermalds. $15. city: Institution cook.
$65: 2 pastry cooks. $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 1D4 Geary st. •
WANTED— Cook, resort, $25 and $30; cook, no
wash. $35: cook, 3 In family, $25; 4 cooks, Ger-
man style, $25, $30; cook, $30, short* distance;
chambermaid and nurse, $25: cook, 2 in fam-
ily. W0. country; 10 hotel waitresses, $20. $25,
city and country: chambermaid and wait-
resses, $20, city and country; restaurant wait-
resses, $6, $7 a week; 5 second girls, $20, $25;
¦ a large number cf house girls for the country,
$20, J25, $30. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter 3t. __^ -
MOTHER and daughter, short distance. $35;
2 girls for a mining town, $30 and $25. MR3.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. - \ £
WANTED— 200 women for work during coming
canning season. Apply immediately, U. S.
FRUIT PACKING CO., 1110 to 1150 Harrison
6t.;'entrance in rear. ' . , ¦
TWO flrst-class experienced foreladies for fruit
cannery. Apply U. S. FRUIT<PACKINQ CO.
WANTED— German girl for housework and
cooking for small family: must have good
references. Apply 2442 Jackson st., near
Stelner. , •
CHAMBERMAID wanted; Scandinavian or
German preferred;, wages $15. Apply 119A
Sixth st. ;. ¦
COMPETENT girt to do general housework:
no. washing; wages $25; reference required. 1
Scott st. " V ¦
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for retail
crockery business; give references. Box 2865,
Call. ¦ ¦ ¦ '\ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦' ¦¦•'.'¦¦
AMERICAN girl wanted to assist In general
housework; small family; wages $15. 431
Oak »t. : -
WANTED— Young lady: office work: give ref-
erence and salary expected. Addresa box
2S71. Call. • ..a-'
BUTTONHOLE makers on vests: good wages;
call to-day and to-morrow. 40 Ellis st.,"r..6O.
STRONG girl to do general housekork; $20.
» 1444 McAllister St. . '
: WOMAN to do washing one day every week.
'' 1 Scott st. ' .-'.'•'.
ELTJERLY woman to do light housework; no
children. 272 Tehama st.
l EXPERIENCED girl to work- in candy store.
2C21 Sixteenth St.. near Mission.
< GIRL wanted to assist and make herself gener-
; ally useful. Apply 1727 Market st.
1 YOUNG girl for light housework: good wages.
r Inquire bakery, Elehteenth and Noe sts.
. A GIKL for general housework. 762 Church
t St., near Twentieth^ -. . - ¦ .,-
I YOUNG girl to mind baby; sleep home. 34B i
Silver st. ' ' ¦ . - . ' * ...
' GIRL for housework. Call at 74 Harriet st.
. WANTED— Girl for general housework and
t cooking. 1242 Mission st.. near Ninth.
• WANTED— -Girl for light housework. 3631
Seventeenth st:, near Dolores. v
WANTED— A German woman for housework
and plain cooking. 160" Steuart st. .• . .
" WANTED— Experienced millinery salesladies,
maker and- trimmer. 1323 Stockton st.
" WANTED— German girl for bakery store. 331
• Fourth. . - . ,
- WANTED^GIrt for general housework. 8448
Twentieth St.; call before 12 m. ¦• ¦ ¦
• WANTED— A young girl for tight housework;
i ? '» family. * 941 York st. . <¦¦ ¦/< --y
BMART lady; to call on families; $15 ;
- weekly easily earned. <¦¦ 916 Market St.. rm. 42.
. A YOUNG glrl-to learn -tailoring; paid while
: learning. .273 Minna st. . - ¦ .
- WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis St. ..- •
HELP ' WASTEDlFEMAIiE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to lieljTTn ~kltcherT;
Bleep at home; $4 per week. Call at 1009'
Larkln st. .¦
GIRLS. 'I GIRLS. ' GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. s& Antonio m..
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to ]oln night school: low
rates. *Ayre»' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
suDscrlptlons has been established at 1096 -Va-
lencln st..
HKLI" WAATEl) — MALIC.
WANTED •
2 warehouse men, country." steady" job. "$1*5*6
a day and board.
6 farmers, bean ranch. $1 23 a day, afterward
stacking barley, $1 50 a day; steady Job.
Laundryman for .institution, country; $35 and
round. . ,
Vegetable gardener,- country; $25; flower
gardener, country, $25.
Blacksmith and helper for ranch, $40 and $30;
blacksmith, country. $50; laborers and team-
sters. $2 and $1 75 a day; 100 farmers, haying.
2 r ,? h 2 T " < "" v »neyard. milkers and teamsters, $25,
J??;,^ 30 month - N25 and $1.50 a day. .\v. D.
EWER & CO.,- 610 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
"Wanted for the Coast railroad Free fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
BO men to work in the woods, spool tenders,
woodsmen, crosscut sawyers, yardmen, lum-
ber pliers and laborers, $26 to. $45 and board,
see boss here
Blacksmith for railroad camp, $3 a day. free
fare; camp blacksmith. $45; 6 men to build
fences, $2 a day and free fare; 6 orchard
farmers, $26 and board; 10 miners. $2 60 a
day; 20 muckers. $2 a day; blacksmith's
helper. $26 and board: 10 quarrymen, $2 a day;
15 quarrymen, $2 25 a day; gardener for re-
soit, $30; man about place, $20; 3 milkers,
see party here, $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
Barkeeper, resort. $50; violin player and as-
Bist in bar. springs hotel
Chefs, seconds, broilers, bakers and pastry
• cooks
Cook for an Institution, see party here.
$65; baker and pastry cook, springs, $50; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $35 and fare ad-
vanced; 20 dlsbw^anhers and kitchen hands,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30; laundry-
man. springs, $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at. .
WANTED— Man and wife. cook. $60; waiter
and porter, springs. $25; cooks, $40, $35. $30;
night cook, 6 to 1, $7 week; waiters. $10 week,
$35, $30. $20 month; dishwashers. $6. $5, $4 50
week, $25 month; vegetableman,* potwashers
and pantrymen, $25; third and fourth-hand
bakers, -$30 and found; bakers' helpers. $5
week; call early. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
628 Sacramento St.
TWO coachmen and gardeners, $30 and found;
gardener and wife, $50; farmer and wife. $45;
assistant dairyman. $30 and found; 15 farm-
ers. $1 25 to $2 day: milkers, $30 and $35; 3
choremen or boys, $10 and $15; laborers and
mill and woodsmen of all kinds. $26 to $40
and board and Increase; woodchoppers, bark
peelers and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento it
THREE bollermakers, $3 75 day: man to make
brick by contract: engineer for mine. $2 75
day; 8 miners, $2 50 day; 2 muckers, $2 day;
carman, $1 75 day; 2 blacksmiths, $2 50 day;
tool maker, $3 day; 2 carpenters, $3 GO day;
machinist for country, $3 day; 3 machinists
for city, $3 to $4 day; trimmer for mill, $45
to $50; edgerman, $45 to $50; starcher, $50:
etareher and wife, $60. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
GOOD gardener for country place; wages $25.
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
BARBERS' iressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Be. .nl. Sec.404 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Competent retail salesman; good
position to right party; give reference and
line of business that you are familiar with.
Address box 2114, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER; thoroughly acquainted with
mercantile books; state age. experience,
mlary desired, references. Address In own
handwriting, box 2S60. Call office.
WANTED — Grocery clerk acquainted with
the city; good rustler; small salary to begin
with; state references. Address box 2778, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG boy for dishwashing and general
porter work; call early. Criterion Saloon, 43
Stockton st.
BOY over 15 who attends school to carry even-
Ing papers. Call at restaurant. 315 Grant
ave., between 8 and 9 a. m.
BARBERS' for city and country: wages $15 up;
apply immediately. H. BERNARD, 104 Sev-
enth st. ¦ _^
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1648 Mission et.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
611 Castro st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; also one with
1 or 2 years' experience. Box 2862, Call office.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
at 132 Pacific st. /
BARBER wanted, Saturday » and Sunday;
steady. 629 Union St., near Powell.
BARBERS wanted — Two good barbers for Sat-
urday. 797 Mission St.
¦'BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
the Select Baths, 120 Gea-y st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 633
Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third st. ; wages $3.
BARBER, Saturday and Sunday. Corner Gold-
en Gate ave. and, Hyde st. ;
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday
at 209 Larkin st. ¦
GOOD barber wanted at 947 Fillmore St., cor-
ner McAllister: steady Job. •
GOOD barber to work odd hours; guarantee.
Call 215 Sixth st. .
GOOD barber Saturday. $3; Friday, commission
if wish it. 623 Clay st. • .
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
St.. San Rafael; telephone Red 15.
BARBERS; good paying shop In nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
BARBERS— For sale, cheap; shop; 3 chairs;
good location. 796A Geary st.
3-CHAIR barber shop, close to Market st. ; one
of the best stands in the city: at sacrifice.
Full particulars STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
$250— 3-CHAIR barber shop; main street. San
Jose; established 12 years; must sell; sick-
ness; loc shop. Box 2805. Call office. .
WANTED— Coatmaker for country. Apply W.
B.' t GIBSON. Benlcia. ¦_
BUTCHER wanted; young man; must be able
to cut meat. Apply Union and Mason sts.
STRONG boy at Hermann's Safe Factory, 411
Sacramento st.N *• ¦
WANTED— A dishwasher. 135 Powell st.
BOY about 15 years old wanted in office of
whol esale house. Box 2863. Call office.
GOOD shoemaker wanted. 224 Taylor st.
. — . — j ¦ ¦ : — : ;
WANTED— A dishwasher. .204 Sixth st.
A FEW good men wanted. Donahue building.
Second and Bryant sts. .__
BOY wanted at Union Square market, stalls
1 and 3. - ¦
PAINTER wanted ; a stage hand. • Apply at 223
Fulton St.. 7:30. _]
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A blacksmith's .helper. 421 Fifth
street. . ;
WANTED— A general blacksmith. Apply J.
O'SHAY, Seventeenth . and Vermont sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher, also kitchen helper, at
123 Eddy St.. hotel.
SHOEMAKER wanted to tend .to shop. 614
Second st. •¦¦
WANTED— Experienced blacksmith's helper for
wagon shop." 1192 Folsom St.; near Eighth.
A NO. 1" barber wanted, sober and steady, to
take charge of barber shop; wages $8 per
' month and found. Address box 10, Wads-
worth, Ncv. .
WANTED— Experienced lunch counter waiter
With good references; wages $20 to $35 per
month and found.' Address "Reception,"
Wadsworth, Nev. ¦ - _.-. . . -
COATMAKER-SAN JOSE WOOLEN MILLS,
San Jose. Cal.
FURNITURE of a 2-chalr barber shop for sale;
cheap. Apply. 1043 Mission St. L ..
WANTED— 2 flrst-class collectors and solicit-
ors with first-class references. Box 2843, Call.
PORTER for drug store; give ' name, addres*
and reference. Address box 2857, Call office.
ALL Sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission. St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. \ ..
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis II. . -..-.-
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN 5S4S 1
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M.' TO-DAY ,-• -
Free fare and $1 office fee and no other ex- J
penses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara dis-
tricts: we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 5 p.
. m., for the 3. P. R. R.; laborers, teamsters, =
12 .day 1
Fare Paid
. for laborers (no experience necessary) for the
sawmills and woods. $*6 to $40 and fare paid;
also 250 woodchoppers and tlemakers
..BIG WAGES LABORERS FOR MINES..
25 laborers, no experience required..:
$40 to JiS and found
10 muckers, gold mines. ...J75 and $69 and fd :
40 single hand miners i $75
Tool sharpeners .' $60
150 laborers, city and all parts of California.
$1'75 to $2 50 day Also teamsters, $2 day
..MECHANICAL HELP
Machine blacksmith $3 to $3 25 day j
Screwtender •*¦ ,........$52 and found
15 blacksmiths. {CO. $45 and $40; $2 SO and $3 50
•day _
•Blacksmith's helper ......»10 and $12 week -
Wagon-maKer. boiler- makers coopers
MISCELLANEOUS'
8 butchers, elaughter-house, shop and ranch..
j $30 to $50
Stablemen, buggy washers, hostler. .$*) and fd
¦ 4 farmers and wives $35 and *4O and fd
FARMS ....ORCHARDS DAIRIES
Nursery man.. ...:..$25 and found
10 i»en or-strong boys to pull rhubarb
....¦,... .-. ...$1 35 day
Cheesemaker. see boss here '....$33 and found
Dairymen, butter-makers, etc ...ISO
40 milkers, city arid all parts of -California
..,....., $25 to $35 and found
Milk wagon drivers, city i":.' "•,'••".'£
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands $15
and $35: 25 haymakers ,,...$30 and iio
Gardeners. $25 And $30 Choremen and boys
20 laborers. Alameda County $34 arid found
• 10 laborers (no experience required), large
mining company ........$34 and found
Foy numerous other positions come down and
read bill boards. . * _^ _
Wanted for a- new railroad .Free Fare
. Teamsters *2 a day
Rockmen ¦*¦ a "Jar
Laborers v£L. a *£ ay
Free Fare Free Fare
....:.....-. special ;••.",:
5 stable men: woodworker, country blacksmith
shop. $40 and found; cheesemaker. $J0 and
- found: 7 porters. $23. $20 and found: planer
hand for sawmill company %M and found
5 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN
to work In machine shops, city, $6 week; fur-
nace man, $75; arm waiter. $40. fare paid: en-
gineer for a dairy: carriage painter; circular
sawyer. $50 to $S0 and ' found; waiter for
springs.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
6 bakers, different country shops, $50, $4j. $40
and found; also helpers: 23 cooks, restau-
rants, hotels and boarding-houses, "530 to $80
and tound; ironers, country laundries, $23 and
$35 and found; 15 waiters, city and country.
$25 and $30: boy for laundry, elevator boy.
etc.; dishwashers, city and country; fore-
man for institution. $20 and found.
MUP.RAT & READY. 634-636 Clay tt. .
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet
• 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.. or
C30 K Bt., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Active men of good character to
deliver and collect for old-established whole-
sale and exporting house. Bona fide salary
of $900 a year guaranteed with expenses. No
experience required. References exchanged.
• Enclose 'self -addressed stamped envelope to
WHOLESALERS AND EXPORTERS, third
floor. SM Dearborn st.. Chicago.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; -special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
COMPETENT grocery clerk. Oaklander pre-
ferred; $10 to start; age, experience and na-
tionality. Box 28CO. Call office.
BOY 16 to IS; pood writer: livinir with parents.
CIIAS. BLISS, room 407. Call building.
SMART man, good canvasser, to call on fami-
lies; salary and com. 916 Market St.. room 42.
COMPETENT, hustllm; organizers; best frater-
nity on earth; sal. F. F. Roose. Pres.. Omaha.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: ISO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices.' N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 1U Kearny.
6AILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice: Examiner bid?.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard— 1 *
Rooms loc to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year fcr $1,
postage paid. ' .¦
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. lice 1- or >«.<>
THE sixth lot of the 200 horse* from the Canty
ranch just In; from $20 up; 6 blacks. *|
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market {
st.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL- i
ZIEL. Vet.- Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOI Si;s TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
EDDY. 1979— Modern 8-room house, completely
furnished. 4 months from June 1. Responsi-
ble parties may have at own price.
HOUSE of 5 rooms; good condition; healthy lo-
cations rent $S. 1557 Kearny st.
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms. In San Ra-
fael; large garden and stable: no children and
references required; rent $40. Postofflee box
614, San Rafael.
BUCHANAN, 2713— Pleasant, sunny, nine-room
v house: marine view; low rent; fine nelghborhd.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weakly
Call, 16 pares, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LOST AND FOUND. ~ ~"
LOST— GORDON setter; tag 553; reward. FA-
BER, 38?3 Twenty-fourth st.
LOST— Case containing eyeglasses. Finder
please return to 416 California st:; reward.
LOST — Pair of binocular glasses on Mill Valley
train; liberal reward. 504 Stanyan st.
LOST— Sunday, on Twentieth st., near Union
Iron Works, a- Red Men's badge, with name
of Harry Klassen. Return for reward to' 607
Twentieth \ st.,' Mechanics' Home.
PARTIES who found gold watch at 728Vi Four-
teenth st. kindly return same to this address
and be rewarded.
IHtS. GOODWIN, the welTknown ladW phy-
rlclan. formerly 401 Van Nesa, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years" practice in 3. F •
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. O. W. O-DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles epeclallst: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can b« used at
home; consultation free. Writ* or call at
102SV4 Market St.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 2J yriT
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office. $3: any aliment: consultation free; ccn-
fldentlal. iM2 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Lurkln.
MRS DR. KOHL. . ladles' specialist— Treat^
ment at office, $5: consultation free. 1122
Market st., between Mason and Taylor; office
hours, S to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C33 Market: ladles' spe-
cialist: treatment at office, $3; consultation
free; hotirs 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 257.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: la;»
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care: phy-
sician; English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. 528 Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of alt kinds cured: herbs and teas: sanl-
tarlum.704 Pacramento.cor.Kearny:advlcefre«.
NICE reliable home for confinement: rea*on»-
ble. 20H Folsom St.. MR3. DR. PFEtFFER.
T. S.-DR. WISE & CO.. th« ladles' specialist*.
¦ HIS Market st. : every case guaranteed ; $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private homo
¦In confinement for ladles. ¦ 610 Eddy st.
bn. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate home
¦ In confinement. 1312 Colden Gate ave.
DR.. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats atl dl»-
. eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST. and best In America— The Weekly
Call.. 16 pages,' sent to any address tn the
United States ¦ or Canada one year for $1,
,co it are Bald.
MISCEI.I_A?IEOUS FOlt- SALE.
BOILERS, engines, I- hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII * WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
A— BUYS. »ells or r«nts gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pip«. shafting, pulley*.
»— , WHITELAW. .16 Spear st. .
BARS, back . bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture ana
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. MX).
NAN, 1017. 101$. 1021. 103 Mission St. abov»
Hlxth ; write for catalogue* __
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. « 20: noth-
prtce could buy no better; mall order* solic-
ited. F. EPHKAIM & CO.. 13 Montgomery.
FOR sal*— A quantity of good lumber, brick
and ball brick, some granite rock and three
marble mantels: also brick to give away.
Donahue building. Second and Bryant sts.
COMBINATION pool table; good as new.
LYON'S EXCHANGE. 7C9 Mission st.
PEERLESS pipe machine, cutting to 8-lnch.
and 5-borse power electric motor: a snap for
some one. Address box 2S52. Call office.
FOR sale— Pair of English bull terriers; cham-
pion pedigree; recently Imported. Can b«
seen on board British ship Marechal Suchet.
Unlon-st. pier.
8-POUND meel T rail for sale cheap. BURX-
STINE. BROS.. 534-538 Brannan st.
A -13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. |1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FINE new launch bull cheap for casn; engln*
If desired. H. T. Bradley. 364 14th. Oakland.
' FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. AV. A. HARTTEftT 51S Examiner bid*.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits f or *2 50-
Portland Loan Oftlce. 55 Stockton »t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BCLLARD & RRKCK. 131 Post st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to>
I10O; concert records. »2 50. BACIGALUP1.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1317 Market, bet. 3th and 10*. h.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: iathes: Id-hand. J. Burke. 133 Bea'.e.
, A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 400 California.
NEW and second-hand «lnt machine* bought
; and sold. AV. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks s>cale and ftre and burg-
lar proof safe-. ZLt California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flr« and burg--
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-skled sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 locomotive*. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, -sent to any address In tn»
United States or Canada one year for fl.
postage paid. •
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy, on easy terms, quarto
printing press. Address Boys' Home. 1914
Howard at. ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED— Good Rrerroof safe; state dimen-
sions. Box 2S3S. Call office.
WANTED— 3 soda tanks. 136 EHla st.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano fof
cash. H. L. WHTTEHEAD. 1710 Market rt.
MO.VEV TO LOAN.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans en real estate, furniture and
pianos; no /emoval; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQI'ITABLU
LOAN CO.. room 603, Examine* building.
ANY proposition, any amount; fc per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. E-
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgagea and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms b-fore doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch V) Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Office. 14
Fifth »t.. are transferred to AV. J. Hesthal,
10 Sixth «£.. where the business will be con-
tinued. T. LUBELSKI.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO..« Montgomery.
MOST reliable p'aee to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and,
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bidg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 116 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made en furniture at l\i per cent: also)
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARf.ER.
Z22 Ellis St.. room 34. .
MONEY lganed salaried p«ople without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all bust-
• ness confidential. TouMey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
l.V> TO JM.OOO; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs. :
j nny proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister. -
IF your property Is mortgaged and you nee<_
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. P. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED.
—^'—^«*^^—^*— *^»— «^*—^*— J W**W*.-_-_ . -WWY -"¦*"—'¦ ..¦¦.¦him IM—.^... _^
WANTED— At onc«. Improved Income city
property. IliOO to £000. for cash, at SPECK
A CO. '8. «67 Market st —
aitSlCAL lASTRU—EXTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new uptight pianos. IS cash, 18 per
month : ether pianos \Z. $4 'and 15 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinw_y Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Suttw sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
THE "Baby" Deckers are wonders: small in
Blze and price. large In tone and quality;
large stock Just received at MAL v A1S . 783
Market «t. \
WE are having a great "Spring Clearance
Sale", of pianos; prices are way dnwnji pom*
soon, as the sale Is nearly over. MAUVAI3.
768 Market st. .
ANY of our musical Instruments can be ' J>«_S_
on installments: don't forget the number—
709 Market St.. MAUVAIS'.
ABSOLUTELY the "W" 1 «"*. W.5 O E 1?
west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE ».
5. 28 2nd JO OFarrell st. : pianos organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
«n<! nrice,™ terms easy; prices lowest; crery-
?hlng P^2lbir?0M f t/blM* «d satisfy th.
customer.
AN elegant $400 Curtax m » n0S JJ n r y 1^^ nan b< if a °j
J^rl *_H_-'htfy us?d: U othert *S0. $'"*>? 1133. 1160: -
price, siiRniiy vt-1«t _-"t* x*t* i? i cr\%s 1*
easy payments. BENJ. CLRTAZ & SON. IS
'O'Farrell st. •
baroaIVS In second-hand squares and Up-
riEhtV- also elegant stock of new .piano..
THE Jy DEWING CO.. Flood building. »¦
WANTED— Ten square pianos and six organ %
f£r counTry schools. BYROX MAUZY. J08
PCSt St. V _____
AUCTION prices — Pianos at your own price for
; storage. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market St.
i A— STEINWAY upright: fine condition; very
rheap. BRUEN.V. K)3 Post St.
*]•.. CASH will purchase a fine upright; call
at once. 1021 Van Ne3s ave.. room 7.
A STEINWAY. X16T»: Installments |3. fS. V. W>:
rents tZ np. HEINE'S, 138 Ellis tU
SOHMER &*CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 30S to
312 Post st. \
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank. _
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bad.11 and Hallett & Davis pianos.
EITPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MtJLLER. maker.; repairer. 2 1_tbam place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to* any address In the
United State* or Canada cne year for II.
postage paid. . • - - .
m PALMISTIIY.
MME. Ne«nraar<3. Frw. St. Oermatn Colleg* at
Palml»trr: r»,d» 1 to !». tit Peary, nr. Jan—.
PARTXERS' WASTED.
PARTNER in old-estabUshed manufacturtn*
business, with electric power, to buy oae-haif
interest. Box 2S53, Call o_c«.PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 24-iStmr Colum
bia, from New York for- Hamburg, and pro
ceeded. • j •
NEW YORK— Arrived May 24— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.. . .
AKK1V h.L).
Thursday, May 24.
Sloop Impossible, Low. 8 hours from Point
Reyes. ¦ ." • , ,.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEIV.
L L McCoy. Red Bluff
Ft O-Klmbrough; Sacto
J T Bogue. Marysville
W-.Woofl, Pacramentrt
G Maxwell, L Angeles
8 S Lttchfield, . Seattle
V. F Curry. Sacramento
F> ifart. ban Jcse
Mrs M B Kins. Cal
M A Thomas, Ukiah -
W de Junr. Berkeley
F Cook & w. Cal
A Eeb»rt. Rio Vista
F Bailey. U S A
J Whittell. Sacto
F Reanier. Capitola
Mrs J II Simms. Chico
.1 E Dourherty. N Y
R F Johnson. Monterey
C M Warden. Stanfonl
G R Lawrence, Stanfd
F A Brown. Stanford
H K Stahl. San Jose.
G W Harney & w. Cal
Mr Glenn & w. Fresno
Mrs J F Duncomb. la
Miss E Duncomb. Iowa
Miss A Duncomb. Iowa
Mrs J A Haskett. Mo
W N Munroe, L Ang
J S Jones. Reedley •
G H Bodden, Visalla
W H Graham, R-edley
O M Judy. Reedley
A F Wlnns. Reedley
F H Farran. Merc*d
IW G Hunter, Conn
F P Smith. L Angeles
G Turner.- Modesto
IL Nordyke. Mill* Colls
Mrs A A'Nordyke. Cal
;J Reardon, L Angeles
!j P Alien Jr. Stajiford
C -Franell. Salinas ¦
111 Hudson. Stanford
F R Wheeler. Stanford
J S Blrel. Salt Lake
:C Forrester &¦ w. Cal
il)r-J N Weston. Idaho
!.Mr» Weston & c. Idaho
tE C Irv'.ne. St T»uis -
G A Knapp. St Louis
G M Meyers, Toronto
[W F Meyers. ¦ Toronto
P F Ward. Tulare
'E K T*-lor. Alameda
!F A Johnson. Sallna»
¦A W Herdtmann. H 1
;W W Mcreland. Hldsbg
I M C Martin. Chicago
>T C Snyder. Cal
F C Fry. San Jose
H M Grant. Portland
R Hinue ¦& W. Sacto (
Miss M Geone. N B
J R Tennant & w. Cal
Mrs G A Beay.Prescott
. PALACE
W RDlnmore. Cal ¦ I
II Levy. New York !
W E Gertxr, Sacto
R A Paterson. Chicago
J S Wendell. Oregon -
G Machlnnon. Oregon
J Pavid. New York )
A W Brown, Omaha : I
J Hart & w, N Y
Mile Fleurette, N T |
C Bnedanovitch & w, |
Russia - :
A Mc-Pherson, Russia
Dr S Aklfief. Russia i
A Mlachkcff. Russia j
S G Hatch, Chicaeo '
L F Lamping. Seattle
F O Lu?k. Cal"
B P McKean. St Lake
J E Terry. Sacto
Mrs J S Reed. Uklah I
N Blanchard. S Paula!
H M Myers. Chicato
HOTEL.
IE H Cox, Madera
W Green & w, Ls An*
R E Hyde, Visalla
Mrs M Yourke. Iowa
Miss Yourlte. Iowa
Miss R Yourke. Iowa
J H Hutchlns. Cal
F R McConnell. Omaha
O R Epstein i'w, Tex
E R Colby, X Y *-
E Elssler. Cal
%V F Tucker.- USA
T H Alexander. Wash
J.G Tlerks. B C
O G Thles. S America
J W Barhydt & W, la
N J Stewart & w, Iowa
Miss L Burkhart. N Y
F E Johnson, Napa
W H Parsons. Chicago
J M Haley. Chicato
C R Duval t. w. S Mat
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL
H Andon. Indiana ?
F M Driscoll & w. Car
D Rowlands & w, Cal
J W Horack. Seattle*
L P Smith. Marysville
J W Ellis. Riverside "
F Gay. Pan Jose.
R E Cadisan. Modesto |
B G Graham. Petaluma
R T Blossom. Tulare
T Solamon. Loa Anc
F J White & w. Or
C JI Jacobs. Madera
H Morton. Rio Vista
J Ferguson. Dixon
I J Donnelly. Pasadena
F C Campbell. S Diego
B Maxwell.- Chicago
TOLEDO. Ohio— The Arbuckles have scored
a bis victory over the Woolson Spice Company,
which is at present under the control of the
Havemeyer*. Judge Pugsley handed down his
decision on the four demurrers -filed by the
Woolson people, completely overruling each
and every one at all points. The Arbuckles
have thus been successful in removing: all
obstacles to an Inspection of the books of th*
Woolson Spice Company.
BERNE, Switzerland— A bill which the As
sembly had adopted making compulsory the
insurance^ against accident and illness of all
persons not earning their ovrn living, the con
federation contributing toward the expense,
was. upon being submitted to the people, ac
cording; to Swiss law, defeated on May. 20 by
a majority of 170.000. the vote standing 220,'XKV
ajcainet the measure to 150,000 1_q its favor.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.-The United States
steamship Detroit, which went out of commis
sion here yesterday, has been found to be In a
very bad condition. The plates about her rud
der head were seriously defective and there
were twenty-three inches of water in her hold.
Fires have been started and the pumps put In
operation on board and they will be kept going
until the necessary repairs can be made.
I^ONDON — John Seeley, Unionist, has been
elected ! by a majority of 1602 to represent the
Isle of Wight division cf Hampshire In the
House of Commons, In place of Sir Richard
Webster, the former Attorney General and new
Master of the Polls, who has been elected to
the House of Ix>rds. . The Liberal candidate
was Godfrey Baring, chairman of. the island
County Council. • .
Heve.an attack of. asthma. The deceased was
very prominent and well known In Santa Cruz,
banta Clara, San Benito and Monterey coun
ties. He was born in the Azores in 1S52 and
had been a resident of California over thirty
years. He resided in San Jose sixteen and in
Salinas. thirteen. years. .He wits-in comfortable
circumstance!?. He leaves a widow and four
small children. '
MARYS VILLE— William' MeMillen. who shot
and seriously wounded John Channon, a well
known Putter County .farmer. In the ftaweon
House, this city. April 22, has been lield to
answer to a charge of assault with Intent to
murder. Bonds .were placed at J300*), which he
has failed to furnish. Channon has about re
, covered. ¦< . ' ¦¦¦
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
WEI^LAND. Ont.— The trial of Dallman, No
lan and Walsh, charged with attempting to de
stroy lock No. 24 of the Welland canal, was.
befrun here to-day.
SEATTLE-Jud<re IV. H. : White of this city
yesterday received the appointment of Justice
of the Supreme Court, from the Governor, to
succeed Justice Gordon, resigned. .
TOPEKA, Kans.— A gayly decorated train of
twenty-ono cars left here over the Rock Island
road at noon yesterday carrying 20,000 bushels
of corn to the famine sufferers of India.
JOLIET, 111.— Nearly l(X>0 men were 'thrown
out of work when at noon yesterday the con
verter and billet mills of the Illinois Steel Com
pany were closed for an Indefinite period.
PAN- JOSE— Murray II. Harris of Los An-
Kfles has secured the contract from Mrs. Jane
L. Stanford to build a pipe organ in the Stan
ford University Church at the price of J15,50O.
| MILWAUKEE, Wis.— G. R. Dorrity of Bos
ton was elected grand chaplain, and Ken Evans
of Greenbush, N. Y.. Ki-anil grulde of the Broth
erhood of I^ocomotive Ensineers at to-day's
s<Tslon. »
TUCSON. Ariz.-Seott White, Sheriff of
Ccohtse County, has received a dispatch con
veying the news of the arrest of Bob Brown
at Harnum, Texas. Brown is one of the Fair
banks train robbers.
BERLIN— Riots have occurred repeatedly
within the last few days at Stolb, In the prov
ince of Terania, Prussia. The cavalry was
summoned and attacked the crowd and a score
of persons were injured. ] #
ST. PETERSBURG— The Russian battleship
I Polieda and the Russian cruiser Aurora were
launched to-day in the presence of Emperor
Nicholas. The Czar also watched the keel
layinr of two other battleships.
CINCINNATI— Yesterday was closing day of
the fourth national convention of the Luther
League. W. C. Stoever of Philadelphia was
elppted president and Adolph C. Clo^e of
Cleveland was elected treasurer.
AUBURN! Neb.— After being deadlocked
practically all night the Democratic, Populist
and Free Silver, Republican convention In. the
First 'District united on ¦ the nomination of
UeorgiVW. Biree, Fopulist, for Congress.
SEATTLE. Wash.— The bark Luclle. storm
driven Wednesday night. " dragged her anchor
and crashed into the Arlington dock, tearing
out several pile9 and otherwise damaging- the
.wharf. The vessel was not badly injured.
SANTA CRC-Z— William Quirk and William
Driscoll. San Francisco painters, while engaged
at work on Holy Cross School, fell from a
ladder and were badly Injured. Quirk's right
arm was broken and Driscoll's back was in-
I Jured.
I NAPA— Paul Chaieneau, the former City
j Marshal, recently convicted of embezzlement,
has been '"sentenced to one year'ln San Quon
tln Prison. A motion for a new trial was de
nied and JudKft Ham refused bail pending an
appeal.
WASHINGTON— The House Committee on
Agriculture fixed next Tuesday for taking. a
final vote on oleomargarine legislation, at
which time It will be decided whether the gen
eral or the substitute measure will be re
ported to the House.
SAN RAFAEL-K. C. Rlcknrds wiil sue
Marin County for JSOO. He claims that owing
to a county ordinance against pump guns he
lost that sum. as he was unable to shoot the |
IcrhI allowance of quail during the time the
ordinance was In force. j
1 NEW- YORK— The German steamer Albano.
' which arrived last night frrtm Hamburg and
I Havre, is detained at quarantine with two
I cases of srhallpox among her steerage passen
j gers. • The- patients are Pawel Makunas and
Osli* Rodkunis. Russians. f . .
NF,W - YORK— The examination in the case
of Charles F. W. .Neeley. charged with the
t misappropriation of $36,000 ~of Cuban postal
I funds, has been postponed until Monday next
lif-ndlng action In the requisition proceedings
i before Governor Roosevelt.
I SAN RAFAEL— Otto Gronatka. a half-witted
I boy, has been 'arrested by Crwistable Trainor
! for attempting to wreck a train. He placed
a coupling pin on the track or the California
¦ Northwestern Railroad. His deed waf Ula
ecvVred in time to avoid a wreck.
WASHINGTON— Resolutions expressive of the
cordial relations existing between the United
Ptatis and France have been agreed upon by
! the House. Committee' on Foreign Affairs In
connection with the unveiling of the statue of
Lafayette at Paris on July 4 next.
SEATTLE, Wash.— The steamship Ohio, of ]
' the Empire line, the largest passenger-carrier j
yet leaving this port for Nome, is outward
I boumi with 706 fortune, hunters. She' takes a
general cargo of 1300 tons. The Roanoke, with
over 100 passengers, will be the next to sail,
WASHINGTON— The ' Senate yesterday con
firmed the following nominations: William
Olover Gage of Michigan to be the Commis
sioner on the. part of, the United States on the
Chilean Claims Commission; John C. Free
man of Wisconsin to be Consul at Copenhagen,
Denmark.
SOUTH MCALLISTER. I. T.— J. R. Gramraer
and James Nickel thsoufrh mistake imbibed too
much wood alcohol and lemon -extract Wednes
day night, from the effects of which they both
dl<Hk Several other parties who drank some of
the alcohol are in a critical condition and not
i likely to recover. . •
BERLIN— The trial of the three dealers who
had purchased- 20.000 pounds^ of infected or dis
eased meat from the central abattoir and sold
It to local retailers for general consumption
resulted In the acquittal or the aceus?d because
of technical defects in the proceedings of the
public prosecutor.
NE'vV' YORK— Attorney General J. C. Davles
has decided that the American Ice Company Is
an unlawful combination, conducting Its busi
i ness In restraint of trade. In violation of Uw
' and against public policy. He will commence
proceedings against the company to prohibit
It from doing business In this State.
WASHINGTON— The President, members of
his Cabinet, General Miles and Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln will attend the reunion. of the So
ciety of the Potomac at Fredericksburg, Va.,
to-day. The party will leave here in a special
'car this morning -and will return to the city
In the evening. .
ALnANY. N. Y.— It Is understood here on
excellent authority that President McKinley
has offered to Charles T. Saxton. formerly
Lieutenant- Governor of the State and at pres
ent Judge of the Court of Claims, the position
or JudK'» Advocate of the Island of Porto Rico.
He will probably accept.
WASHINGTON— The Third Assistant ' Post
master General has prepared a letter' of com
prehensive instructions to the; Inspectors in
charge of Inaugurating the United States postal
K.vstem Jn-Hawall.. Honolulu Is made the gen
eral depository . for the j islands and .- this • office
.In 'turn will remit to San -Francisco.
REDDING— There was a shooting affray at
Keswick, six miles from Redding. . Wednesday,
during a carousal in the barroom of the Monte
Carlo Theater, a "hlgh-klcklng" resort. . J.
W. Phillip*,- Rged S2. a cook, shot Arthur Jones.
¦red 33, a bus driver. Jones was shot below
the ' liver ; and will die. Phillips was arrested./
SALINAS— Manuel S. George; a well known
and .leading Portuguese merchant of-- Salinas.'
died -from accidentally taking an -overdose of
medicine which contained strammonia, - to re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
11
OCSAN TRX.VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. j
DIRECT.
The Netv and Patatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will Ball from Seattle and Tacuma Ji:ne JI.
I July 2i and A«s-jat IT. The SKNATOIt. wall-
Ing July Jl, will make an Excursion Trip via j
I the inland p&asaRe. and after tandln? at Scms j
will continue north thro' the Eehrlng Strai:?,
past Kost Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing j
tlie Arctic Circle, passlnz into the Arctic |
Ocean. Pas«.-nser3 are aiivirci to Inspect th-i!
Se&atcr before purcha.«ini; tickets via otfctr J
steamers, as her seeond-clais and ste»"3Be ac- 1
commodations are superior to the first-clajs |
accommotlations on most of the steamers *\-\
vertlsed for Nome. Ths Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. ha« been running its steamers to
Alama— winter hwI 'summer— for 2."> years and
is th« Pioneer Paclftc Coast Lln». For further
information inquire of J. F.' TROWHRIDOK. !
Ocean Dock, Seattle, Wash.: N. POSTON, »13 !
Wa«=h'.ngtcn St.. Portland. Or.; W. PARRI3. !
121 West S«"-ond st., Los Ansel*-!". Cal.T GOOI>-
ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Acts.. 10 Market |
nt. TTCKKT OFFICE— 4 Ne?.' Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATiOM COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most I
popular beat In the Alaska service. ':.'.:¦
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
¦POSITIVE SAILING
WEDNESDAY : MAT *30
FROM STEUAUT STREET WHARF at S
O'CLOCK P. M. SHARP.
Bookings now belns made fcr second sailing
S. S. ZEALANDIA. 1
Fcr freight and passenger • rates apply at
office
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 139 Post St.
COMPAGNIS .OENEaALE TJUNSATLAKTIQ1TZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAUIS. \^ c^ >
Pallinc every Thursday Instead of -^KSS^
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at ¦»«*S*r"*^
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA TOURA1NE. May .31; LA
BRETAONE, June 7; LA LORRAINE. June 14;
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45; 3 per
cent reduction on round' trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldinst). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausatlto Ferry.
Commencln'r April 22, MOfc
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, »8:»0. 9:30 11:60 «. m.-
12:45. 'IMS. *:15.-4:15. 'SrW^. i:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sunday*, at t .00 and 11:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. "SiCO. •9:00. »\0:00, 11:00. U:J»
a. m.; 12:46. »l:30. I:M. *i:G. 5:00. «:00. 7:29
p. m. \ -
11:00 a. m. does not run to- Saa Rafael Sun-
days.
Tralnt marked <•) run to Ean Quentin.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *t:Z3. 7:J0. i:40. »1O:15 *.
m.: 12:30. 1:15.' 2:15. *i:30. 4:S0. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V.'erln«»daym
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. rn •¦¦ ,
SUNDAYS— 8:15. *8:C0. •}:«). 'll^a. m.: 12-o>
m,; 1:00. 2:15. •Z:®, 4:S». 'SMS. «:4J. T:30. 10:20
p. m. I
Trains marked (•) start from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL VAELEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:33. 6:45. 8:00. 8:55. 1O:JD a.
m.: 11:35.-1:45. 5:43. 3:30. 4:S0. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 ar.d 13:20 p. m. ¦ I
SUNDAYS-«:35. S:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: U:«
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4-.t£. S:15. 7:03, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.' '
7:00 a. m. week da y»- -Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
1:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. : ¦
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptsd)-
Polnt Reyes and way ctatlons.
l:C0 a. m. 8undays— Cazadero and way sta-
tloas. - -
11:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes. and war
Btatlona. .; ;' : . . ..
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCKNIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 2!. 1900 -via Sausallto Ferry. .Week
days — Leave Francisco. 9:30 a. m...l:4S
P. m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.,
9 a. m.. 10 a. in.; 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m..- 2:30
p. m. Wednesday, ¦ May 30 (Decoration day>.
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased : at the Sausaltto Ferry, north
end of .the* -Union Ferry U«t>ot./foot of Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco, $1 40.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. '
• . Steamers leave Broadway
h». - - wharf, San Francisco:
CffN^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
eWfiSfet J ' a - V -''¦ 31 - Junft •*'• Chance to
EsS^tS%*3&k company's steamers nt r-^eattl".
(%.C^\^ For \'! ( 't^ rl 'i. Vancouver (B.
BS^^hJSh^ f '-^- }>ort Townsend, Prattl*.
EiBraCI«t<*B?4i» Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte?
r^^^m&SsSA and New.Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 26. 31. June .",
and everj"' fifth day thereafter:
chanKe at Seattle, to this company's steamers
for Alaska ami G. N. Ity. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ity.; at "Vancouver to C. P.* Ry.'
For Eureka. HumhoMt Bay— in a." m.. May
28. June. 2. and every fifth day. thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota..
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San- Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. May 27, 31, June 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis ObiFpo). Santa Barbara. Port
I>03 Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. May 25. 29, June 2, and every fourth day
thereafter. . . . ,
For. Ensenada, Mapdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altato. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
end Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ¦ ..
j For further information obtain company s •
folders. • '
The eomnany reserves the rirrht to chance
steamers, sailing dates and . hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Paliice Hotel).
GOODALL. PKKK1NS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
.10 Market st.. San Francisco.
IHF.n, R/fcH, Ril
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEKS TO
I r 3 cj> j^l. 'I 1 .• '; .a. «M o
I From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
I CADC $1* t" irst Clasi .ncludlng Bsrth
IMnC $8 Second f las-, and Meals.
STATK OFCAL1FORXIA SAILS
June !
COLUMBIA SAir-S May S8, June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to till points East.
E'C. WARD. General As;ent.
C30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. . .
Superintendent".
AMERICAN LINE.
RE'S? TOEK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAR1*!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York.. May .Wj New Yrrk. ...... June 2rt
St Paul... June 5 ! St. Paul June 17
St. Louis....... ..June 13 St. Louis .Julys^
KtD SlA*-» LIMi.
->W Yort; end Antv/?--».
! From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon, j
! Kensington May 301 Southwark June 20
Nocrdland June fi! Westernland :...June 27
Friesland June 13! Kensington July 4
LMPlRi LINc-
S S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May. 24th.*.- Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
t5yo1is|n kaisbaT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, I p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and .HONGKONG, calling, at
Kobe (HiOKo) NaRayaki and Shanghai, nnd
connecting at HonicisonK with steamers Tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo' received on board on day
nf jallin;. ' •
SS HONGKONG MARl
Thursday, June 14, lMft
S3 NIPPON MARU... ...Tuesday. July 10, 1900
S3! AMERICA MARU...... • •• •
._.... Friday, August 3. I?00
" . via Honolulu.
Round-trip ticket* at ..reduced rates. For
freUht ami passage apply at company's. office,
421 Market- street, corner Fjrst.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent, j
0CEA2aC 8. S. CO.-HONOLtTI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND A>'D SYDNEY.
S ! S- AUSTRALIA' (Honolulu only)..........
' ..........Wednesday. May SO. 1900. 2 p. m.
S S M\P1POSA fvla Honolulu) to New Zea-
land nml Australia Wed.. June 13, 8 p. m.
J. D- i?ncCKtL6» b:.Ua.CO..Hgts.. •¦» mior.tnomeM
Pier 7. Foct Pacific SL f reifhttjmre.3Z7 Market St
* r^- .i> £> « t /\ X> B nTMH" HATHOB .COCO Tons.
/tBBQwaaa^ 1 8^5" OCrAVIA .7000 Tons
IllVO Vfl V<^ LBI^K. LUXOR. ...65OO Tons
" . . SEJIAPIS .40COTons
Mon^'uly salllne for Valparaiso end Hamburg
via Mexican porte. Central, Bouth America, etc
S.S. Luxor. 6500 tons. Balls about June 5
I. n. srnix«»-R * nno-w « o~ >f««t«. 114 Sonfrew-ryStJ
. B,, > .7-lr.ltH<""". WI..S»» Vnt *~« J
BAY'iANl EIVER STEAMEKS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
• " ... Steamer "Monticallo."
MON.. Tues., Wed.', Thurn. and feat, at 9:45
a.m.: 3:15, 8:30 p.m. (ex. .Thurs.- night);'Frl-
days, 1 p. m.- and S:30:- Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p i m. -Landing and office; Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308. .%-''-
- ;FARE .....;.. .50c. I
-.. .- v. ..,.». .,_ .... . -- > .-.-., .... ¦•:':;"".*"' ¦"*. -* ¦ •
BAILBO'AD TBAVEL.
mnnur.Kt rAdiic c«VPAIT.
; JrAcino »T»-t«>«.>
Truln. !*•»««. ....«• «»r«« «•••• »• »r»lw» »«
- mam rKANinto,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
liatb — Fr.ou Mat 13. 1900. — *«m»i
•7:<M>* ISenicia. Snii.iu. Elinira. V»e»»lU«,
Rncaa«7»tMt Aaentnaento .;....... # 7»45»
*?:UOa Shut* Express— Darin, WiUiimj (fot
Uartlett Sprtao), Willows. Had
Bluff. Portland. «7M3r
•T:JI)» Mariiner. >'in I! *:nf>n.V*!!ejo. Nif*.
t.Bli.itc t»au.l S.»nr» Kou *8>13p
•S:OO» I>\»ii, Woodland. KotghU LsadloK.
Miry»»iile. •Totitlr *7ilSr
*S:On» Atlvati: K.xpreM— Ogdsii and EmI *1 1:13a
• *:U(i« Saw .timo. Uivrniure. HtocktiMi. .
lone. Hacraineiito. PlsetrTiUe.
iUr-«»l!l<-. C'hlco, Itml Mult .. Mil5r
•*:3Ua O»kiU>. Chlaei« .(for Yosrmits).
3)u->ra, C»rt-r». •*«l»r
' «!>:«O* Haywardt, MBH »ad Way SUtfous. *¦ I til*
•U:»« » Los Aorples f. tprt 't — Mkrtluox,
Triflj, Lattnop. Slocktoa, JIf iced
snd Prnno *Si43r
•!»::to» Tsll^., MartiDez and Way SUiion* ¦•i4."tr
• IO:i»»« Ths OrerUixl I.lsnite.l-Ogden, D«a-
rer. On-.»fc». Chle»;.i *5<lSr
•11:00* Nll.». I.i*erinnre, Sioekton, Saerv '
ffleutn, Mendnta, llsufnrd, VUslta.
="*• P):rteiTille •Ill-If
•ll:*«y H»yw»r.U. Niles »>.<! Wsy Ststiem. *S*4Uf
tl:«OfH»cram«utf> ia.«S-..i»vr f iS:«i>a
•S:«»r Il«yw»rJ«, N:Ir» xnct \V»» station*. Mil.ir
•»:«u»r M*rLlii«J!. Man IUiuo... Vallajo.
Na;>». t.'alUrotf-v Sitiita Ko».:.... *Vtl'1«
. 'liOttr Btaicia, Winters, &Kxttu«n|9,
'Vt'oadtsnil, Kni»lit« l.itudiug.
MarraTUl*. OrovllU •! O: f»»
*l>Snr Nlla*. rtaaJiMaaml. Stockton •7sl.tr
¦SioapTbe Owl JJmitwI— Tracy. Fresno,
Hak«nael<>. 8a>ufua fur o»»tt Uar-
l-»r» 1m» AbksIcs "•tlS«
•3:00r Frfnio Pmi?os«— \t*rt!ni'i. Lath*
rop, Stocktoa, Uerowi. HeremU
(lUymoad for Yoneinl'*). l'romin. . ( ia>l3»
•.1:30Ptr*» >lrsu Eiprn*— Uakenlielil.
KanU n«rl,«t. i.<» Aucvles. I)«n>.
; • hit. IC1 fuo, S»w t>rlcaus and
Kait •¦i«il»
' *5iSt*p Hants F« ltaul»- \ tluutlo Eiprsu
for.Mn|a». aii.l Kant *«l:41Ilp
•CiMOp na?*»i1s. NIUi and Sau Jo«t •TiI-Ia
tttiOOr V»»ej« : *I3iI3»
•«i»»r Oriental - Uall-Ofdau. Chajsnn*, ,
Oiutha. Cnlct<t> '11:151
•«:O0r Ortsnut AUll-Ucdea. DenTer.
Omshs. Chloeo *ljl3r
•7i«0r V«!lrJ>. Turk C'o«U and Way Ht*.
¦ Uobs ¦ xWillSr
•¦:OSr Ore(un and California K i »rea». Maa-
(ai»«ut.>. M,ir).vili-. l:...lth,^.
Pmtun.;. I'm.t S.......1 s.i.i r»»> «0;i.i4
cowr DITIXIO.I (.Wkm» Umm %
(f.mt of M-rket Street.)
f7:4SA Santa Cruz CxcnrsUm for 8aata>
/ Cruz and rriuolpal Waj Stations t*:*3p
. •«:13* N»nArk.<Vi.lr.«iil.-.^ii.l«.»i».l\-itc>ii. • ¦ .
Boiil<l«TCrrek,Hsi:taC'ruxaud Way
AUtl.lll* •«!»•»
tail-lp Keoark, CantcrvllW. Kan .line. New
alniiiiion. Frltoii. Koiildsr Creak.
SauU Crux ami l'riuclpal TVaf
SUtlons fl«t.-»»a
. *lil-1p Newark, .ittu Joie, !^>ii (jstoii....... "<;i<»4
al:!3f Glenwood. Felton. Santa Crox «W:.1»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trtm Sl> PRIICUSO— ?««l •' Markit Strut (Slip I) —
*7:U DO?) ;ica*.M. H 33 *2-99 13:33
M:C3 l!::3 •tZ3t.<*.
ritaOiium-rnn'irtjj*»f.— *«.oo 9.00 io : oo».m.
tU:C3 '1:63 12:3*5 ; 3::3 |t:S3 -8:33r.>i.
<O*ST ItlTlslON ( Uroa.l (Unge).
'.'V.^- . (Tnird :uul Toivniteiul SU.)
1«<l«Vr>c«sii Vis*-. South Man KraacUcn.. t*>3«p
t7:0f»« San Jos* •»¦.,! \Vny St..ti.n<i (No*
Almailrn We.luea.layt i.il») *I:S«P
r7iS9.« Samlajr Eicisnion f r San Jom.
S*nt> Cruz, fscilie finite and
Principal Way Stations t*:33r
•»:««» Han .| ( ,»h. Ties l'in<.». S:%nU (,'rnx.
Pncii)c (Irani •'»"¦• iC"i>tfn. .*>*n
I.iim OM<n>«>. Hnrf. LnmtiOC ami
Viii..-i|.»; Vtmy KinlUma •*: l«p
•l»:l«« Sait Joao »n<l War WaMau **iSSa
•I !:::«•« »aii.l»n>i.LoaCatos:.ii<I\VKySUtioii* *3i:tVp
t*:l5rS»u aiatru. Keiltrnml. Mrnlo Paik,
Palo Alto, Sai:tii l"»r«, .s»u .li*«,
..Tres fioos. Hants Cmi, Saliiia*.
Mmnej-ym.ii I'ncidc Ornte tlO::iH»
f3i»a»r Man Ju««ai«l Wny Hl»iiiiii» •7::i»i-
t'l:l.tr SaiiJiiMaml Principal Way Htstinn* *<J:15«
_. |S:f)<>r -i\i) Joae. Los Citos ami Principal
\VaySUliotn ?»:<*>«*
•.1:3»p San.Ii te*ii.l Principal Way .Station! t*i3a a
>nisnr 8an Jnu mi.) \V,jt«i:'u:« !••:««»?
«ll:-|.->r S»n .If".? hkI Way Station* *~:3Or
A for Uorutng P for Afternoon.
* 'Daily. tK"i"«1*r e»<-ei>»ed. ! Simdar ouiy
<. Satnrif»y only.
a 3atuM«» »•"' " ' '¦ ¦• 'knttw nnd Mon.1-»
|t NOTICE TO I
: REPUBLICANS! ;
; THE SANTA FE RODTE :
> .WILL SELL ?
I EXCURSION TICKETS I
I X To the REN0MINATI0N of ±
: President McKinley I
!? : ' At;PHILADSLPHIA ar J
\X |00.51) Round Trip, t
\+<-; ?
I **" ' - **"
X SELLJUNE 12th and 13th, good far X
+ 60 day3 to come back. 'c^-
> • . +
J Office, 628 Market St. J
???????^^-????????» ? ? ? ? »
CALIFORNIA N0RTRWESTE8N RT. CO.
SAN FRAKCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAK FRAXCIKCO TO SAX RAFAEL
WEEK DATS*— 7:30. »:<». U:0O a. on.: 12:88.
3:30. 5:10, 8:30 p. oi. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. 8atunJay»|-Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:10 d. m. '•'"•
BUNDATS-»:M. 6:20. 11 :M a. m.: 1:30. S:30.
5:?o. 8:I» c. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAJJCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:80, »:8>. 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
J:48, J:I5 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trip* at
1:55 and *:!S d. m.
SUNDAYS— »:10. t:40. 11:10 a. m.; X:*). S:«,
5:85. «:25 p. m. •
Between 8*n Kr«nclsco and Scbvetzea Park
i»mt achedul* aa abovo.
Lcavt I In Effect. I ArrlT»
San FrancUco. [Apr. 13. 1300.1 San Francisco.
"Wuelc I Sun- I I Sun- t We«lt
Days, f daym. | Dwtlnatlon.] day. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am! S:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petatinna. «:05 pm 10:25 am
6:13 pm t:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! *:» pm
Fulton. .
7:30 am Windsor. 13:* aa
Healdsbtux-
Lytton.
¦ Geyserrille.
S:30 pra S:CO am C1ov«r<!ale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:3.1 ami I Hopland I • . 110:23 aim
2:33 pra! S:00 am; and Uk'.ah. I 7:33 pm! «:2O pin
7;") am ' 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerasville. 7:33 pm
S:S5pm * ' ' . *:20 pm
7:3-5 am | 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am! S:tOam
and j
5:13 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j «:C3 pm ( *:£> pm
7:29 am] S:00 am ' 110:40 am!lO:2S am
3:S> pm! 5:00 pm ' Stbastopol. I 7:31 pm| 6:20 pm
¦ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wst
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AKruria: at "Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Geyserville for SkagE* Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the *»eyser«; at ¦ Holland for Duncaa
Rprln?^. Highland Spring*. KelaeyvIIle. Carls-
bad Sprinza. Soda ilay. Lakeport and Barttott
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprintcs. Saratoica
Sprinars. Blu« Laken. Laurel Dell Lake. -Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Patter VaM«?y.
John Va.y'9, Rlverslile. LIw!»y'a. JSuckneU's.
Panhedrtn Heights. Hullvtl>. . Crr'-s Hot
Spring". Mendoclno City.- Fort Bragg. West-
port. Csal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. ?Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kur»kt.
J . gatorsJar. to Monday round trio tickets at
! reduced rates. -
i On- Sunday rnnnit trip tickets to all points,
beyond SanRatael at half rat?s. •
Ticket officen. 6M Market »<.. ChronleTe WJx.
H. C. WHIT1XG. '.R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
/^ Br.Gibbon's Dispensary ;
SRr J^5 ln !¦«• for the treatment ol Frtvai
BJiJk^^^ Dlsennes, LontMantoofL Debility o
WJKfeHw'yk 'Ihease rearing oil bodyansl mind ar:
«5**Siwitl Mn Dit^a^ps- I'hedoctorcureswhir
JgWgSJISl others fall. Try him. Charge* Iou
I'nr^.-ii.runl.. {. CallOfWrU
t»r. J.*-. UIBBO3I. Box lBST.SanJTranclao -
SI per Year.-
PEnsOXALS. j
;,F.l>Er?Hir:S QuSaWOM* is what ycur hair
r:r-e<35:. iic l«>ttle: t>.!s Ton mo Shampoo. Ec rks.
thanreehjy clenac* tfce *ca!p. J23 Stecktcn.
LT:i>r.XER «!re«es the halrln any style you
de*!re. « mple or elaborate. <5c: he uses Scheff-
ler s <.olotine, ,5c .tx»x: rertcres the ijravest
!.p.:r to natural color. IS Stockton »t. . .
!Fi££££2HJn&?? tTl * very room --Winchester
% ?' A ?« h ' TA rt " n?ar M »rket: JOB rooms;
__fr£e^js^nd brt« B at^to^ajid_from the ferry.
AN elerant suit for *» -;. from Imported or do-
niertie remnants. L» UEMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you wish fuli value for your cast-off clothing
call en B. COHEN. V.J Third; teL Black 41IS.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; ton
years exi* rler.ee. J. B. R.AY. S57 Je«5le st.
LA DIES' and gents' castoff clothing bought arid
cola. Sllverman. SM Folsom; tel Folsom U9L
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
v.cg. g^O Market «t_. second floor, room 37.
Fl -"LL-DnEss ar.d other cults bought; also old
CQ.d. Portland Ix>an Office. 25 Stockton st.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; cor.fldestial; secret!
tr.violate. Address bcx 4M. Call office
HAIR, quickly cnrled or~waved by using Ta£
cott s Curling Fluid; I5c bottle: druggists. .
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
srr.d postal. COLEMAN'9. 506 K*>arny tt. '
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
tVE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
gtuCio. 11 Qpary St.. rround floor:
PHYSICIANS A\D SURGEONS. •
DR. C. cT^DONNELI^-Office and residence.
lc:i*Vi Market Et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
C^HRONIC and other diseases positively cured.
DR. GORDIN, £14 Pine St.. near Kearny.
DR. STYAN'S Rheumatism Cure, Jl; tree to
poor every Wednesday. 36 Gears* st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
MTTET be sold at once to close an estate; no
reasonable oSer refused: lot 25x110; house I
rooms and bath: bitumen fctreet; cement side-
walk; Twentieth «t.. near Guerrero. .Apply
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room >.
IF you tave property north of the Park, or
Horner** Addition and the Mission, that you
*tr.t to dispose of. then call on W. J.
GCNX. C33 California ist. _^
MODERN houses and flats built et lowest
prlcee: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. U47 Mission st.
FOR sale— Frame house to be removed; 20 T*-
haisa, et. Apply at (S3 Mission st.
COTTAGE for rale. 8CS2 Pierce rt.
CHEAPEST aad best in America— Ths Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in the
United Eta-teg or Canada one year for tl.
REAL. ESTATE WANTED.
¦WANTED— Honee and lot eltuate In ICortfc
Beach; price about $2500 to $5000; must be in
cood condition : io egeats. Apply at room WJ,
Examiner building.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. •
CLAT, 2421. near Fillmore— 3 larr* unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent J7.
EDDY. 917— Nice tunny connecting rooms;
fumifhed; rplenfiid location; private resi-
dence.
EIGHTH. 10S— Front room; kitchen; hot, cold
water: eir.k; stationary tubs; sunny porch.
"iZlSlAf, ZZ r *—i small sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms in rear; $9.
FOLSOM. S34— $1 a -week; Iarg« sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; running water; private.
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
xtflngte.
GOLDEN GATE. 404— Large runny front and
hack rooms; bath and gas range; $15, f 17 60,
%Zh. S32. Call bet. 2 and 4 axd 7 and 8 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Sunny rooms. lur-
nlshed arid unfurnished; J€ and $7 50.-
HARRISON. 731— 3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard;, first Coor; (13.
HATES, 401— Bay-window fla.t of S rooms and
bath. JSIJ; or' sell for J200.
j:;— SMALL. l:ght. unfurnished room: ! roorr.t.
$»: location central. Particulars at S42
Kearay st.
LAR.KIN. 1013ij. near Post; telephone Sutter
247^—2 rooms; complete for housekeeping.
MARKET. 1431— Furnished housekeeping rooms
ar.d Flritfle; gat;- bath; laundry; 8-11 a. m.,
4-€ : . r .
MIN'NA. 635. near Sixth— Large sunny houee-
Jco«-j>Inff room: Tent 17.
MISSION. 1121 — Charged hands; reno\-ated;
newly fumishefl houeekpg rms; Eultes. single.
MISSirw. ¦$*jr,. rear Stxtee-nth— Sinple rooms;
alt^o light housekeeping rooms; bath; gas. .-
NATOMA. G4&-^2 or S sunn y rooms, furnished
or unfurnished: lrm- rent : Tionsekeeping.
NATOSJA. TTl. corner Eighth— 2 housekeeping
rooms, furnished, for man and wife. '
NEW MONTGOMERTJ 105-Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, cheap.
OKAKKELL, 742—3 nicely furnlnshed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor. IIS. 120.
OAK. 2*— 3 cozy unfurnished housekeeping
ro^ras; cheap. 110.
PERR5". 1^2 — 4 sur.ny housekeeping rooms, with
bs thrl ¦ ; i n vestigate.
SECOND. 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
also tingle rrx)ms; JS up.
SIXTH. USA— 4 connecting rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, with piano: aJsa other
roomf.
STEVENSON] 7n, near Sixth— Nice sunny
housekeeping room; all complete; running
water.
STEVENSON. €42. b«t. 7th and 8tb— Two fur-
Tilsheii hr>u»r-j<e*ping: rooms; bath; central.
TENTH. 123. near Market-1. 2 or S tunny
roc-ran; complete for housekeeping.
TURK, m fflHIll/ bedroom and kitchen, with
gas f^tove. $34; aico lar*re fror.t room, $10.
TWENTT-THIRD. 8726, near Dolores-3 sunny
bay- window »ooirs;' r.lce anfl neat.
THREE to five elegantly furnished housekeep-
lng rooms; all conveniences; rent reasonable
Address LOUIS KUH. SJt Valencia rt.
CLASSIFIED ailvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. -
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Elxth^Rooms
Kc to Tl per night, $1 25 to $S per week and
Jleht housekeeping; open all nlsht.
BURNETT. 1C6 Market et. (old No. 13€4)-Fur-
r.ifhed rms., euites, single; ajso unfurnished.
CARIiOLTON, 12W Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. & of flees.
EDDY, 473 — Pleasant sunny room; 2 closets; in-
candescent light; runnlnr water; cheap. <
FIRST, 2«— Neat outsido furnished rooms to
rent; tl per weelc.
FOLSOM^ »£S. corner Sixth— Suite of 1 elerant
runr.y corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM, SC5. cor. 6th (The OllTer)-Newly fur-
r.'.fh»-d e-jney rooms, single or suites ;reasonbl.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
roomy; eultes or single; travelers accom' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
•r.d Mission sts.— Sunny, rooms, en sfilte or
rir.gle; ladies' parlcr; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; tl CO to K per week.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
slent: baths. MRS. KINO. Turk gnd Taylor.
HOWARD. 1.34 — Neatly furnished sunny front I
room, ruitahie for two gentlemen; aJso large
r^us*>i»-r;)ir.g rof>m.
Ffov.'AIiD. ?29-Room« from fl week up to 15;
*5c tojl rJght; also housekeeping rooms.
StSSSlE. 4<".i-A nloe numy furnished room, suit-
. shit for two; private family.
JfiXPIS. 117 — Nicely furntphed Itrge *unny
rcoxa; « ciotetf; grace; running water; private.
MINNA. C67. cor. Eisjhth^New furrUhed~bay^
window loom. $i per week; transient.
OCTAVIA. 2. near Market— Nice Jarge~Tunny
fro^t bar-window room, nicely and newly
furnirfseJ; private family; rent chtap
O'FAP.RnLL. 20-Sjnny furnished rooms and
oriice*: elevator: electric llchts; day. wlc. mo.
i'O^T. 525— Kincet i:a:in»M rooms in the city;
l»rrt and cald water; eievater.
POWKLL. 123- Light: clean "roomf, !n suites or
Rayle: transient; rurning water; chtap.
nOSEDAt-i: House. Sl» and 221 Kills tt.— Roomil
nfcht. Z^e. to tl: week, tl rs to $4; open n!:rht-
ltr»% AL HOUSE. J2S Kill* nt.— Incandescent
J!i,-ht. reading room, rmokfng room ar.d ladleV
1 f.'.^r; \<Am* per night. Cic to $1 CO: week. 12
to **; month, ti to K0: leva tor on office floor; .
roiir* with hot and k!8 water; baths.
tr.il ERM A.X Apartment House. 2S Hlzhth st..
r.'ar Market — Furnlnhed and' unfurnished. -
THE OAKS. :i» Third— A good. rooming house
for. ro«d F*^!e. R- HUGHES, proprietor. - j
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertlsement» and
rubor.'ptleus Kas been established at 10M Va-
lencia et-
ROOMS JLND BOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jcnes and Sutter its.—
Fieasurst sunny tingle rooms and EUltta, with
board: nrst-clagg. vrlth every convenience.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms, with board for 2,
HO per month: alsu parlor suite for "2, 160.
LAS PALMAS. 15,20 Market «t,-Suite of 2 or J
rm«.; private; bath: gin, rms.: board optional.
"NEW ramily hotel; exceptionally jrocd in every
particular; t-iimmer rates. $07 California st.
VAX NESS ave.. s« (Ths Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
itOOMS WANTED. *
1 OR 2 h-mall, unfurnished- rooms: very mod-
erate terms; reraianent. Box 2S64, Call office.
¦ TCClAt, MITICKS.
BAD tenants ejected fcr 14: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., rooms S-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. • Jl up: t
painting done. Hartrr.an Paint Co.. 319 Third. I
SEWING MACHINES AND SITPI.IES.
ALL kirds bousht. sold, and repairing guaran-
tecd. Cbas. Plambeck, 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, eold; machine sup-
pllea. Standard Airency. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ACL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:'
: repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth gt.
STABLES TO 1iE1\~~
25 STALLS; suitable for milk depot; $25; water
tree. 2630 Mission st. 4
STORAGE A.VII WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and" Storase"co7r722~MlTslon^BiL.
g tel. South 535 — Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
¦ Office 401 Poyt gt.. cor. Powell; teL Main 5718.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. I3SO FUlmore »t. : phone Jackson 2S1.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES. ¦
SANTA CRUZ, one block~~frotrii Sea~Beach
Hotel, elejrant new summer villa: large lawns I
and magnificent view; $100 to $150 per month; J
references. Address box 2&»S. Call. office. j
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES. |
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITErtS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3< California, telephone Main 266. I
OIV1DUMJ .NOTICKS. ~ !
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 105 (fifty
cent* per share) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office ef the
company. 327 Market et., on and after Fri-
day. June 1. 1900, Transfer books wl> f close
on Saturday, May 16. 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
W. P. K. GIBSON'. Secretary pro tem.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; "one-fifth cash: bal-
ance la 1. 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank. ..
¦ ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let — House of 6 rooms, bath, etc., furnished
.or unfurnished; large- garden: utable; low
rent; location broad-gauge station. Park st.
Call R. G. WILKE. I6H Kearny st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
AT AUCTION. """ ~~~"" -•—-—-—• — —
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Saturday. June 2, • p. m.. at salesroom.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460 and 462 Eiehth st., Oakland.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
The following, subject to confirmation of
court:
No. 1.
Starr estate. SE. cor. 6th ave. and E. 10th
St.; elegant (Starr) residence; 15 rooms, fur- I
nace, stable; lot 125x140 or 300x140; location !
choicest in East Oakland. j
No. 2. ¦ I
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Adjoining above, XE. cor. 5th ave: and E. 9th
«t.; Clinton station; opposite elegant mansion
of W. S. Goodfellow, In 4 subdivisions, 37:6 and
S0xl40 each; don't fail to see them.
No. 3.
- EXECUTOR'S SALE. •- :
Water* estate. SW. cor. lC-Th and Webster
sts.: £0x75; business. lot for stores or flats; I
blocks of First .National 'Bank UOth' and Broad-
way); lot is outside of new fire limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE.
1510 West st.; Market or narrow-gaug« sta-
tions: 8 rooms; modern; curly redwood finished;
mantels. Bas. etc.; 35x100: only tSOO cash; bal-
ance 8 rer cent: rents $25 month.
EAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK.
76S and 76SH Ea«t 12th St.. bet. 15th and 10th
avenues; J-story brick building; store and upper
flat; lot £3x140 to alley; tarms cash.
INCOME FLATS.
SE. cor. Cth and Castro sts.; Market station:
modern building, each 5 rooms, bath, gas, man-
tel; brick foundation; lot 37:6x75; fine location
for store; only $400 cash; balance five yearly
payments; rents ?27 50 month.
EAST TERM RESIDENCE.
677 Sixth Ft., near Castrt. adjoining above;'
two-story, 9 rooms and bath: brick foundation;
lot 37:6x75; near Market station; only cash;
balance 5 yearly payments. .
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Subject to Confirmation of Court.
SP2 Franklin ft.. l«t Fifth and Sixth: cot-
tage, of .5 rooms;, lot 25x73;- only 2 blocks of
Seventh and Broadway; rent $12.
ELEGANT 9-ROOM RESIDENCE.
461 Merrlmae St., or 2Sth St.; near Telegraph
ave.. on beautiful McClure Heights; modern In
ever}' re*pect; lot 63x110: bank mortgage J1000
can remain: must be sold.
FIXE BUILDING LOT.
West side Adeline st,, 125 feet north of
Eighth; 50xltS:3; choice location; Adeline sta-
tion. *
SAN PABLO AVENUE LOTS.
NW. cor. San Pablo and Bonton aves.. Golden
Gat« station; 3 lots, 46x100 each; location for
Mores; new electric line and Santa Fe R. R.
will treble value; half cash.-
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY COTTAGE (CITV
LIMITS.)
South side Benton or 60th »t.. 300 feet west of
Grove-nt. Utv: two blocks Lorln. station; J
rooms; porcelain bath, mantels, 'finished base-
ment; rost S. F. merchant flOOO; 50x135; new
flat ]nan $KW; balance cash: a snap.
HOME NISAK TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.
East side Ruhy Bt.. 200 feet north of Moss ave.
or 2*th st.; modern bay-window, 7 rooms, bath;
cement basement; extraflne barn; .lot 50x100:
choicest shrubberies; new flat mortgage $1500;
balance cash.
RESIDENCE 33D AND GROVE.
CS3 33(3 «., near Grove; modern 2-«tory. 8
rooms; lot 36x100; $300 cash. • ¦ ¦> .'¦
Remember date, Saturday, June 2, 2 p. m.
Write Tor maps.; . ;
Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
, Offlc* and Salesroom,
4 p 0 and 46*2 Eighth St., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. ' '
' ' AT AUCTION.
FOR sale— a bargain; 2 two-story houses on
Eighth gt.. West Oakland; lot 25xl$6; monthlj-
rer.tal J22: price I1S00. Apply to WM. 'CHRIS-
_TEN. 17S9 Seventh st., West Oakland.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 22A ave., 17th st.7
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chafer. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Slx-
teenth rt.. East Oakland. '
CHEAPEST and brst in America— The Weekly
Oil. 16 rmgejs, sent .to any address- in the
l.'nlted States or Canada one year for' tl,
postage paid.
OAKLAND FLRXITUUE Fon fcALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
¦ furniture deil-r. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
6AN FRANCISCO. Cal.. AprirST"i300^Sealed
proposals. Jn triplicate, will be received here
and at office, of Quartermaster^ until II o'clock
a. m., Monday. May ZS, 1S00. for furnishing,
during fiscal year commencing. July j, 1906
forage and straw for San Olego Barracks.
Cal.; also at same time, at this office only,
for fcrasr* and straw for Alcatraz Island
Ang-el Island. Fort Baker. Benlcla Barracks
Fort Mason. Presidio or San Francisco, and
Ean Francisco, Cal. Government reserves
ViRht to reject or accept any and-.all bids, or
any part th«reo£. , Preference riven to arti-
cle* of American ' production, conditions ot
price and quality (Including In the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
rqual, and such preference Klven to articles
of American production prcduced on the Pa-
cific Coartto extent- of • consumption required
ty the public cervlce there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
J?ah DIexo Barracks or to undersigned. En-
\-elope* containinc • bids to be endorsed:
••Prcposals' for Forage and Straw," and ad-
dressed to said Quartermaster, or to J. M.
M A RSHALL. C.Q. M. ' .
PROPOSALS will be received at the ¦office of
the 'Llgrhtltouse 'Engineer. Twelfth District,
Ban Francisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m.. June
20. \yy\ for furnishing Miscellaneous Articles,
comprising Hardware. Engineer's Supplies,
'Lumber apd Paint, In accordance with speci-
fications, copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other Information.' may be' had upon
application to CHAR. E. L. B. DAVIS, Major.
Corps of Engineers, U. S." A.
Ing, and beloved sister of H. F. Schllchtlnp,
Jr... a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
pS months and 15 days.
SKA RLE— In this city. May '24.- 1900. -.Captain
Robert R. Searle.
SHAUOHNKSSY— May 23. 1900. Annie E., be-
loved daughter of Martin and Ann Shaugh-
nessy. and plster of Michael. John, Joseph,
Goorre, Willie and the late Martin Shaugh-
nessy and Mrs. John Mullins. a native of San
Franrlsco/ ag<-rt 27 years. :
C3"The funeral "will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. residence
of her parents?. 32 Chenery street, thence to
St. Paul's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Ometery. ..
SHEPPARD— In this city. May 23. 1900, Ann
Pheppard, a native of London, England, aged
TS years.
EJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the rarlors of
A.'W. Martin & Co.. US Geary street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SUHR— In Stockton. May IS. 1900. Richard
Suhr, father of Mrs. D H. Bolce, Mrs. Frank
Richard?. Mrs. \V. Morow and the late
George Suhr, a native of Germany, aged 73
years. ¦ ¦ . . • ¦•
THRASHER— In this city. May 24. 1900... Sarah
Murray, beloved wife bf Dr. Marlon Tlrrasher,
beloved mother of Carroll Thrasher, and sis-
ter of Charles A. Murray Esq. of .Denver,
Colo., a native of Geneseo, N. Y.
IC?I5urial private.- .'
I VAN PELT-ln San Jose, Cal.. Mr?. Minnie
Van Prlt. daUEhter of Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Davenport, a natiye of Stockton, Cal., asrefl
• 31 years.
WETZEL— In Alameda. May 22. 1300, Henry,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Wetzel. and son
of Mrs. E. Kurzrack and the late Henry Wet-
zel. a native of Iowa, ased 32. years and 11
months. (Los Gatos papers please cony.)
CTTricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 421 Central avenue. ' Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.-
WHITE— In this city. May 22. ISM, Carl ton E..
beloved husband of Alice G. White, ar.d
father of .Charles L,. and Fred C. White, a
native of New York, aged u4 years.
(ETRemalns at the fun«ral oarlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Maaon Etreet. be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
WIEHE— In this city. May 23. 1900, Miss Flora
W. Wiehe, sister of Mrs. Theodore H. Hlttell.
and daushter of Dr. Carl F. Wlehe. a native
¦' of Ostfrlesland, Germany, asred 80 years.
icy-Funeral services at SOS Turk street this
day (Friday), at 2 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.-
WILSOX— In this city. May 23. 1S0O, . Robert
Wllscn, father of Mrs. Butler Smith, a native
of Ireland, aged 77 years 1 month and 5 days.
(£7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 10 .o'clock, at 504 Baker street. Interment
Haywards.
WOODIS-In' this city. May 24, 1900, Maria
Woodis. a native of North Carolina, aged
SO years.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
p^^^^^ The Watchdog for the Gold fields.
NT fm*^=&i&L '* k itSS When {t k arks ' K wil1 protect your claim
'Winchester* '¦
%M^^ji-]\ Ammunition
Kj^^K^^^sv^ Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
pjMJBfi^^wBn^^j address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
U^^^^^^j V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., .
YugmS^ifflL'/ 4 f^ Market St., San Francisco, Cal. JSpl
San Leandro Advertisements,
JvAX LF.ANDRO RE\L ESTATE.
$1000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc., near San Leandro. FRANK & McC'AR-
THY. San Leandro. .-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
I Tiie following: marriage licenses were Issued
! yeaterdajK
I Carl S. Bruun. -22. 60 Third street, and M.
Alice Frazler, 21. 04 Third street. - -
Johan Carlson, 37. city, and May Carter, 86,
city.
Vincent Busalak, 25, 414 Broadway, and As-
sunta Efflsimo, 17. Z2t Vallpjo street.
Michele Foglia. 3". 617 ITnion street, and Isa-
bePa Jula,'2i, S10 Valleja street. >
John B. Glover. "4. 1114 Steiner street, anif
Annie Carey. 21, CM 1 -'. Minna street. .
Michael Sullivan. JV1112 Rhode Island street,
and Katie Flaherty, 23, 1112 Rhode Island it
| Charles H. Hansen. 21. 3010 Larkln street, ano
Nellie Deacy. 18, S6+ Bay street.
¦ David S. ITnruh. 2S. Arcadia, Qal., and Julia
L. Barnes, Tl, Los Angeles.
i . Torval R. Jolianesen. 30. .415 First street, an<"
Nekolin Sundet. 20. 415' First street.
Joseph C. Beehler. 23. 237 Lexington avenue,
and Katherine Matthissen. 19. 433 Clementina
Joao Desouza Almeida, 25. San Rafael, anc
Barbara Brazil. 22, San Rafael.
EIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEAHTS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handec
In at either of the publication offices and.b.
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the- same published.
BORN. ¦ •
LEFEBVRE— In this city,' May 22, 1900,' to th"
wife of Alphonse Lefebvre, a son.
OWEILL-Inithis city. May 22, 1000. to the
wife of J. .1? O'Neill, a daughter.
DIED. \
i Armstrong, Rose McCarthy. Mary
1 Ayers, .William H. McNally. Hannah
j Ah PocK Miller. Claude N R
Baddeley, Reuben O'Malley. Dr.W.H. I
Oalef, Henrietta S. Ryan. Rowetta
Claussenlus. Eliza Schlichting, Margar-
I Cumminpf, Mary E. etha M.
j Deane. Margaret Scarle. Captain Rob-
Demartini. Andrea ert R.;
Donaldson. Alfred E. Shaughnessy. Annie
Dorgan. Alice M. Sheppard Ann
Kllic. Mattie . • . Suhr. Richard
Kstudlllo. Emma Thrasher, Sarah M.
Hogan. Mary E. Van Pelt. Mrs. M.
Hull, Jerome J. Wetzel, Henrv
Huston. John White. Cajltcn E.
Johnson. Charles J. Wlehe. Miss Flora
Karatar. Lsulse Wilson. Robert
Lenord, Patrick Woodls, Maria
ARMSTRONG— In this city. May 23, 1300, al
the residence of her daughter. Mrs. M. Con-
nell. 440S Twenty-fourth Etreet. Rose, belovec
wife of the late James Armstrong, a natlvt
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged £2 years.
¦JO*Intermei?t private.
ATERS— In this city. May 24, 1900. William H
Ayers. beloved husband of Catherine Ayers
and father of Alex and Charles Ayers. Mrs
F. F. Heyer. J. C. Brewedell and the late J
C. Ayers.
AH POCK— In the City and County Hospital
May 23, l?C0, Ah Pock, a native of China,' agec
33 years.
BADDELEY— In this city. May 24. 1900. Reu
ben. bejoved Fon of H. J. and Margaret Bad
deley, and brother of 'Mrs. W. O. Reed* anc
James. Benjamin. Alfred, Charles and Llllii
Baddeley and the late Henry J. Baddeley Jr.
a native of .Napa, Cal., aged 26 years and i
months.
CALEF— In Los Angeles. May 23. 1900, Henri
etta S. Calef, aged 90 years.
(E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at
.tend the funeral services this day (Friday)
at 2 o'clock, at Trinity Church, corner Busl
and Gough streets. Interment Laurel Hil
Cemetery. . .
CLAUSSENIUS— In this city. May 23 1900
Eliza, beloved wife of the late Georg<
ClauEsenius, mother of Max and Georffd L
ClauBsenius, Mrs. J. N.- Frank of San Lean-
dro and Mrs.- C. H. Dosch of Sacramento, am
sister of Mrs. S. Koerner of Mill Valley, s
native of 'Franeenbere, Hessen Kassel, Ger-
many, aged 57 years S months and 18 days.
!E?"Friend.« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this daj
< Friday), Rt 1 o'clock, from the residence o:
her son. M. Claussenius. 40S Scott street, be-
twesn Oak and Fell. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In this city. May 24, 19C0. Marj
E., beloved wife of Henry K. CummingR, anc"
mother of Kate M. Cummints, a native 01
Boston, Mass., aged 64 years.
DEANE— In South Pan Francisco. May ti, 1900
Margaret, beloved wife of William Deane, s
native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
I DEMARTINI— In this city. May 24. 1900, An
drea. beloved »on of the late Antonia De-
martini, and brother of Luigi Demartini am;
Mrs. Maddalena <""uneo of New York, a natlv<
of Italy, aged 56 years.
C^T Remains at the parlors of Valente, Mar-
ini & Co..: 1524 Stockton street. /
DONALDSON— In this city. May 24. WOO. at the
Marine Hospital, Alfred E. Donaldson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 5T years 3 months ant!
11 days. ,-. .. .... •
DORGAN— In thia city. May 24. 1900. enterei
lnio rest, Alice M.. beloved grandchild of Mr.
and Mrs. William Dorgan. and Ueprly beloveO
niece of T. W., E. J.. Kittle. Annie and Eliza-
beth Dorgan, a native of San Francisco, agec
CO years.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited "to at-
tend the funeral ' to-morrow (Saturday), al
9 o'clock, from the family residence. 4S(
•Minna street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass . will tie cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment . Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ELLIS— In the City and County Hospital. May
24.. 1900. Mattle Ellis, a native of Ohio, aged
C4 years.
ESTUDILLO— In this city. May 23, 1900, Emma
Estudillo. beloved wife of Bernard Estudillo.
and mother of Susie Estudilln. a native ol
Mexico, aged 30 years 8 months and 8 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
iFriday). at 9 o'clock, from her" late resi-
dence, 14£7 Fifteenth street. Interment Holy
Cro^ Cemetery.
HWAN-In this "city. May 23. 1900. Mary E.
Hogan. a native of Albany, N. Y., aged 63
years.
ICTFuneral private.
HULL— In this city. May 24. 1900. Jerome J.,
beloved son of Margaret J. and <5. "VV. Hull,
a native of San Francisco, aged 14 days
HUSTON -In tliU city. May 21. 1900. John
Huston, s. native of. Ireland, aged SI years.
. BJTFrlon'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Ihe funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Lick House. Interment private. Cvpress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '• " * •
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospltaj,
May 24. laoo. Charles J« Johnson, /a. native
of Sweden, aged 51 years. - -
KARATAlt— In thin city, May 24, 1WO. Louise
beloved wife of the late Marc Karatar. nnd
beloved mother nf Henry R.. Mathilda and
Ansele Karatar; a native of Alsace, atted G5
years 6 months and 17 days.
LEN'ORD— In' this city. May 24. l'.wvi. F'atrk-k
beloved husband of Hridret Lenord a na-
tive of County Klldare, Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are ipppect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 312 Lily avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore street*
where a. requiem high mass, will be cele-
brated for he repose of his soul, commencing,
at 9:30 o f clock. Interment Mount . Calvary
Cemetery-' •
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 24. 1900. Man-:
dearly beloved wife of Charles McCarthy, a
native of Moran Abbey, parish of Balaughna-
inciia. County Cork, Ireland, aged 78 years.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Chesley street, between Seventh and
Eighth, off Harrison, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
sou!, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McNALLY— In this city. May 23. 190Q, Hannah
McXally, beloved mother of Frank %nd Julia
McXally. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ared f.C years.
ir^Trlends and acquaintances are respect :
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.; S4« Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. May 24, 130O, Claude
Norris Robert Miller, beloved son of William
C. and'Josephlne Miller, and brother of Ool-
lia Glenn Miller of Sfibantonol. a native cf
Iowa, aged 27 years 8 months and 17 Jays.
J7Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charlen H. Ja«-ob & Co.. 31K MRSon street, be-
tween O'Farrelland Geary. Kemains v.-|ll be
shipped to Sebastopol, Sonoma, . County, for
funeral services and Interment.
O'MALLEY-^t the Presidio, May 23. 1&00. Dr.
\V. H. I. OTUalley. tT. S. A., beloved son of
Austin and Rebecca O'Malley, and brother of
the Rev. Father O'Malley.
ETTuneral from his parents' home, 1114
Hyde Btrcct.- to-morrow (Saturday) mornlnp.
at 8:30 o'clock, thenee to St.- Mary's Cathedral
for solemn requiem mass, commencing at<9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. May C4. l»00. Rosetta
Rran. a native of Ohio.'aged 42 years.
SCHLICHTING-In this • city. May J4. WOO
MaTfcarethn Marie Schltchtlns. beloved dauph-
ter of H. F. and the lnte Christina Schlloht-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.. '
(Successors to Flannasan & Gallagher).
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMRALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite -Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS; ,
XI and »1 Fifth. ft Tel. South 187. \ '¦;.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM3ALMSRS.
Finest Equipment nt ''Moderate; Rates.-" /
Morivov «fc co;. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS^ &. .EMBALMERS 9
. 1239 Market et.. between Sth and 3th. I
" • ¦ "Telephone- South 247.- |The recitations were greatly enjoyed.
Two songs by J. F. Veaco concluded the
day s programme.
The evening session was given over to
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler's Illus
trated lecture. "Greece, the Home of
Greek History." Not a seat in the hlg
hall was unoccupied, and the audience was
in a highly receptive mood, as the univer
sity president carried It from one end of
the ancient home of Occidental civilization
to the other. Before the lecture J. F.
Veaco and a male chorus rendered "Image
of the Rose," and a- male chorus under
the direction of W. C. StadtfeM. rendered
the "Three Chafers."
berths for friends. Professor Jordan was
pleased to note the politicians were grad
ually losing their Influence in this direc
tion and wound up by saying that before
a teacher should avail himself of a "pull"
he ought to starve to death. Through
out his address, the learned professor was
given close attention and when he con
cluded was warmly -applauded.
F. Cooke Caldwell, president of a college
of oratory, spoke on "Reading and Ex
pression." He illustrated his lecture with
a variety of recitations. "Pheaneas
Green and his flying 1 machine," and lines
from tho "Merchant of Venice" were
culled to show the speaker's meaning.
DISTINGUISHED PEDAGOGUES
ADDRESSED THE TEACHERS
75c • Babies' ¦ Shoes for 35c a pair . at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st.. near 3d.
Chinese Thief Held.
Joe Yet. Chinese cook in the residence
of Mrs. Nellie Phinney. 936 Van Xess ave
nue, was held to answer before the Supe
rior Court yesterday by Judge Cabaniss
in $2000 bonds on a charge of grand lar
ceny. He stole $2000 worth of Mrs. Phin
neys diamonds and pawned them in a
shop in. Chinatown.
Death of Miss Flora W. Wiehe.
Miss Flora ; W. "Wiehe, daughter of Dr.
Carl F. :Wlehe and sister of Mrs. Theo
dore H. Hittell. died In this city Wednes
day at ; the > age ot 65 years, v. She was a
native of . Ostfrlesland, Germany.- Fu
neral services -..will be held at 808 Turk
street at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Sacred Heart Parish Picnic.
All arrangements for the picnic ¦ of
Sacred Heart Parish, to be given at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael, to
morrow. " i have been completed. This
promises to be one of the biggest picnics
of the season. The boats leave at the
convenient hours of 9, 11, 12:35 and 1:50
and return to the city at 3:15. 5:15 and G:25.
Valuable prizes will be distributed during
the day. A fine lunch will be served on
the grounds. ¦
Death of Mrs. Sarah M. Thrasher.
Mrs. Sarah Murray Thrasher, wife of
Dr. Marion Thrasher and mother of Car
roll Thrasher, died in this city yesterday.
She was a native of Gencseo, N. Y. Her
brother. Charles A. Murray, resides In
Denver.
Railroad Extension.
Another great railroad 'will soon stretch
its lines westward. From advices received
in this city within the last few days the
Burlington system will .build a track par
allel with the Central Pacific from Denver
to Ogden. This is of no mean importance
to the Burlington roads. At ~ the present
time that, corporation Is dependent upon
the Denver and Rio; Grande, theColorado
Midland and the Rib Grande Western for
connections west of Denver.
Adams and Martinelli.
In consequence of the arrival of Mon
eignor Sebastian Martinelll in this city
the se'ries of lectureS < being delivered bv
Henry Austin Adams- will be changed" '
and to-night the gifted speaker will de
liver an address at Metropolitan Hall on
"I^eo XIII." Monsignor Martinelli will be
present atthe lecture, and it is announced
that this will be his only public appear
ance In this city. He celebrated 9 o'clock
mass yesterday morning in St. Mary's
Cathedral. His. secretary, >Dr, Hooker
will preside at the Adams lecture to-night
and will deliver a short preliminary ad
dress. ¦-¦^L~ : __%_^___-
Democratic League to Organize.
The nucleus out of which a Democratic
League of Associated" Clubs, will be
formed held • a preparatory meeting at
Pythian Castle last night. T.« R. Maguire,
who acted, as secretary in.' calling the
meeting to order. -stated that the obiect
of -the gathering: was the. formation of a
leagueto take an active part in the com
ing campaign. A committee was appoint
ed on resolutions, which will present Us
report at a meeting to be held June 12 at
the same place.
Sixteen Friends of the Popular Attor
ney Gather Around the Board
• in the Red Room.
The red room of the Bohemian Club re
sounded last night with eloquence and
cheer between courses of the dinner ten
dered William H*. Metson by Colonel P. E.
Beck and P. George Gow. There were six
teen banqueters present, and for four
hours an elaborate dinner and much novel
entertainment kept alive the spirit of all.
When the hour for adjournment came a
general godspeed and farewell was be
stowed ' upon the guest, who will shortly
leave for Alaska on- big business enter
prises. There were present: Colonel F. E.
Beck, P.Henry Gow, ex-Governor Budd,
General Barrett, Vanderlyn Stow, George
T. Bromley. Colonel J. D. Howell, A. M.
Bergevin," Mr. Eaton. R. I. Whelan, I.
Steinhart, R. Herold Jr., Henry Gray. F.
J. Koster, Dr. Westphal and William Met
son. • . • .
LAWYER METSON DINED
AT THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
TEMPERANCE CAUSE IS
GAINING IN STRENGTH
Mrs. St. John, National Evangelist,
Says It Has Made Great
Headway.
Mrs. Eugenia St. John of Kansas City,
national evangelist of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union, delivered an ad
dress last evening in the First Baptist
Church. She said that she had noticed
a great improvement in the State since
she was here as a delegate to a conven
tion three years ago. Particularly she
noticed that the wine grape vines had
been torn up and .there were orchards in
the place where vineyards used to grow.
She brought no discouraging news to the
coast concerning the progress of the tem
perance cause In the United States. Won
derful progress had been made by reason
of the Influence of the temperance work
ers in the education of the consciences
of the American people. Women formerly
had to get up great petitions before they
could get any legislation for temperance.
Now the men were introducing, temper
ance laws in legislative halls unsolicited
and the public sentiment was more
strongly in favor of It than ever before.
In Nebraska, for example, there were
forty-three towns in which no liquor was
sold this year. She believed that while it
was true that the newly acquired island
possessions had been made the dumping
ground for bad whisky that could not sold
In the United States, it would not be pos
sible that such practice would be allowed
to continue. A great future awaited the
people when intoxicating drinks were fin
ally abolished. .
Arrangement's by San Francisco
Aerie for a Gala Day in Marin
County.
The executive committee of the Fra
ternal Order "of Eagles. San Francisco
Aerie No. 5. has completed all the ar
rangements for the excursion and picnic
at Schuetzcn Park next Sunday. Five
hundred prizes will be distributed to the
lucky ones who attend. The following are
the committees that "will have charge of
the affair:
Executive— Cl.arles F. Knapp (chairman). AV.
F. Ijotik (vice .chairman), Gustave Pohlmann
(BPcretary). Ed L. Wagner. E<1 L; Head. IMvid
J. Creamer, Otto Harden. J. W\ Larsen, A C.
Kerthlcr. R. H. Kurck.
Finance — Gus Pohlmann (chairman), A. G.
B«Tthi.*r. H. KourneEs. Charles G. Nagle. James
M. aiiley, George Dahlbender, \V. F. Dasha.
.Tos*x>h Henne, L. H. Scharer. Charles McClain,
J. P. I!yrne, W. J. Daly, George Welsmaan.
H. Whittle. R. H. Rusch.
Programme— Otto * liansen (chairman). J. J.
Sllvey, Georee Maloney.
. Prize — E. L.. Wagner (chairman), J. J. Car
roll, Oscar Hocks, R...M. Donnelly, J. F.
Cheetham. J. \V. Larsen.
Games— W. F. Long (chairman), D. T. Bulll
v«n. G. Maloney, C. F. Kenneally, F. Everett.
A. Hallah&n, J. Hermance. M. Abrahams, J.
E. Hupfeld. J. S. Brcwn. H. Kuhle. J. J. Sil
vey.
Gate— J. W. Lereen (chairman), C. Hedqulst,
L. Levin. J. Hendriekson. T. J. Clancy, C. Lar
f>en. F. Sandelin, M. Foley/ E. C. Larsen. J.
J. Kennedy, P. Larson. I. Asch. P. S. Mitchell,
E. Swenfson.
Floor— Ed I*." Head (chairman), n. H. Rusch
(assistant floor director). Charles TJerwln,
Judge A. J. Fritz, G. A. Holdsteln, T. F. Kll
lecn. Thomas A. Ferguson, John A. N'icolalsen.
James KUday. Frank Dunn, Charles M.
Fischer, Mllo Waldron. Joseph A. Doyle,
Charle3 "A. Leonhardt, A. Callgarla, Judge
Choree H. Cabanlss. James Calms.
Order— David J. Cleamer (chairman). John
Sheridan, M. Bird, George BIrdsall, E. Boh
len. J. J. Kennedy, Charles Corey, J. F. Crow
ley. James H. Daly, H. Troppmann, George
Cawley. Joseph F. Lahaney. H. G. de Greayer
J. T. BreruJel. William Kauser, Harry M. Baun
ders. IvtuIs Holtz, Pan) SonnenfeJd. J. Ladarre.
Julius Huckfeldt, H. C. Tonnemacher. Charles
F. Lonr, James Lucy. James Lawlor, Con
Deasy, Al Neill, S. A. White. Jere Lucey, John
Holland. SI. J. Murohy. L. M. Mariseh. J. J.
O'Cmnor, A. J. Mitchell. Robert- McCord. M.
F. O'Connor. Georgre Sharp; Fred Schuster,
Joseph Saunders, Joseph Bacon. Dave Becker
W. P. Patton.
FRATERNAL EAGLES TO
' GATHER AT SCHUETZEN
On Their Bridal Tour.
W. H. Greer of Patagonia, Arizona, who
was married to Miss Mae E. Jasfro, in
Jjos Angele-. Wednesday. May 23, are on
their bMdal tour and during their sojourn
In San Francisco will be entertained by
Scott A. McKeown and wife.
KYTKA WORKED
SIX LONG DAYS
FOR NOTHING
He Has a Complaint Against
His Prospects in the
McGlade Case.
Another Tiresome Day Spent in Try
ing to Get Writings of .the Pris- 1
oner Before the Court as
Evidence.
There Is a strike of the writing export
In the prosecution of Peter McGlade. and
if he continues in his present frame of
mind he will not testify to the pothooks
with which McGlade used to decorate
gtreot department paper. Theodore Kytka
is the expert the prosecution thought it
had, but Kytka, has been working for six
days over what he thought Cathcart was
e-oing to identify, and now Cathcart. has
fkipped and Kytka'e six days of labor will
have to go to his own satisfaction.
"I have forty-eight pages of photo
graphs." he mottled, "and I will get not
a cent for them. I do not like this, and I
will not longer remain with the case."
In the anticipation that Cathcart would
Identify certain exemplars of the hand
writing of McGlade. Kytka got his camera
out and photographed them in all sorts of
poses and situations, in all kinds of lights
and chadcv.B and on us many different
kinds of piates as he could think of. Now
the identification of all that he has been
working on has become impossible and all
his work has gone for nothing. And the
worst of it all is that Kytka decs not re
ceive any pay unless he testifies, and if
he cannot testify about his photographs.
what can he testify to? Evidently noth
ing, or Kytka's woe would not be so deep
nor bo lasting.
There were some signatures let in yes
terday, however, and these Kytka may
work on. but the elx days he has put in
are irretrievably lost, and so his tale of
¦woe resounds throughout the courtroom.
"It looks bad." he says,— but what can
you do? An expert cannot testify to hand
writing without preparation, and I have
no time to make preparation. My work is
lost and I will pet nothing for it. '
As for ttie disappearance of Cathcart. it
looks as jf he sen. gone until next De
cember, for a k-ttpr written to Judge
Cook, but sent to the lawyers for the pros
ecution, says he will be away at least
Until that month. The totter is from M.
J. Brandenstein & Co., and they volunteer
the information that Cathcart has been
¦waiting for a month for the trial to come
on. that he has not be^n able to take up
the territory in the vicinity of Omaha to
which th^y have now assigned him and
that in consf-qur-noe they have lost much
business. They pay. too. in the letter that
Cathcart had a conversation with Judge
Cook in regard to his going. To this
Judge Cook answers that he does not re
mejnber having spoken to Cathcart; and if
h* did he .probably impressed upon his
mind what he impressed upon the minds
of the other witnesses— that they must not
under any circumstances loave the city
until allowed to do fo by or<5or of court.
The f nerglps of the profecutlon were di
rected yesterday to the introduction of ex
emplars of McGIade's signature and hand
writing. Jn this they were successful only
to the extent ol a few signatures which
n<? signed to notes in the possession of
Bier and Regensbprgor. They were iden
tified by Charles Trull, n. bookkeeper for
the firm, who swore he saw McGlade take
his rcn and write each signature.
During the morning three lawyers con
ducted the prosecution. Deuprey started.
Wise followed hire in an hour or po .and
Byir.srton wound up the morning on J. J.
iJyom. who. as H5£istant to McGlade
when he was in the street department,
was suppopod to know a srood deal more
than h<? was willing to swear to. Lyons
could not swear to Mc-Glade's signature,
his "handwriting or anything that was his.
and he. further complicated matters by
Baying he frequently signed McGIade's sig
nature for him. There were several more
ex-employes of Ambrose who gave but
little testimony during the morning, and
in the afternoon T. J. Haskins and T. W.
Rivers, ex-membfrs of the Finance Com-
A large and intensely enthusiastic gath
ering of British Californians met last
evening in Metropolitan Temple to cele
brate the t'ighty-Hrst birthday of Queen
Victoria. The annual dinner in honor of
the occasion was omitted and a second
grand concert in aid of the widows and
orphans of British soldiers killed in the
Transvaal was substituted in its place
The hall was profusely decorated with
the British colors, colonial coats of arms
and flowers. A large portrait of the
Queen "occupied the center of the stage
An American and a British Hag were
given to each membecof the audience.
The programme began with the singing
of 1 the "Star Spangled Banner" by Miss
Grace I. Davis and chorus, after which
the following telegrams were read from
the platform by the chairman, William
Greer Harrison:
OAKLAND. May 24.— The British and Ameri
can residents now crowding the MacdonouEh
Theater. Oakland, eend you their heartiest con
gratulations and greetings. God save the
Queen. PICKERSGILL,
. British Consul.
LONDON, May 24, 1900
I am commanded by the Queen to send her
Majesty's thanks to British residents of Ban.
Francisco for their congratulations.
SALISBURY.
"The Queen, God Bless Her." the toast
and subject of the chairman's address
was greeted with immense cheering. Mr
Harrison said: "There Is not a city lri
the United States, not a town or village
in Canada or Australia; where this toast
is not to-day drunk with honor. Around
African campfires, over the whole face of
the habitable globe this prayer Is heard
and this Is why: Victoria is the greatest
Queen yet known to hlstqry; a great wo
man as well as a Queen. (Cheers.) We
owe a deep debt to President McKinley
for refusing to interfere in the growing
unity between our nation and America.
There Is no alliance question, no need of
alliance between friends, but he who
tries to stir up strife between two great
nations is an enemy of the republic."
(Cheers.) Mr. Harrison closed with read
ing a stirring poem by Lucius Harwood
Foote.
Frederick d'Evelyn. late of Natal Field
force and Pretoria Siege Garrison, spoke
amusingly of "Kopjes and Things" and
was loudly cheered. The remainder of the
patriotic programme was greeted through
out ¦with wildest enthusiasm.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— Secretary Day
has sent a cable message to Emba«sador
Choate at London asking him to "convey
through the appropriate channels the con
gratulations and best wishes of the Presi
dent to her Majesty the Queen on the oc
casion of her birthday."
Telegram- Received From Salisbury
Conveying Victoria's Thanks.
American and English
Flags Blend.
Grand Concert Given Last
Night at Metropolitan
Temple.
BRITONS HONOR
THE BIRTHDAY
OF THEIR QUEEN
mlttee that passed the demands, were
called to identify their signatures on the
documents. Then ex-Auditor Broderick
was called to identify his signature: T. B.
Mclnr.es came i-a tell how he certified to
the demands in the office of the Super
visors, and Oscar Tplle. clerk of the
court, was haled to the stand with an affi
davit in support of a motion by the pris
oner for a continuance which bore his sig
nature, but the signature failed to get in
as an exemplar as Tolle had not, seen Mc-
Glade write It.
The case has gone over until next Mon
day.
Consigner Martinelli, Papal Delegate to America.
n ra ONSIGXOR SEBASTIAN MAR
//\fj\ TINELLI, titular. Archbishop of
11 Ik* v. Ephesus, the personal represen
ts l> tative of Pope Leo XIII to the
Roman Catholics in America, arrived in
San Francisco yesterday morning on the
Oregon overland. He was accompanied .by
Father Yorke and his own private secreta
ry. Immediately upon landing in this city
the party went dft-ectly to the home of
Vicar General Prendergast. and after cel
ebrating 9 o'clock mass In St. Mary's Ca
thedral the far-famed papal delegate de
nied himself for of the day to all
but a few of the local high churchmen.
His trip from Portland had fatigued him
somewhat and the day was given over to
rest.
Mgr. Martlnelll Is one of the most emi
nent priests in the Catholic church. Both
by virtue of his personality and his Intel
lectual power he has steadily and rapidly
mounted the hierarchical ladder until at
this present time he is reputed to be fore
most among the Pope's immediate subor
dinates. Although not a Cardinal he lacks
little of the usual power that surrounds
that lofty office.
In this country he has proved the wis
dom of the Pope's choice when the latter
selected him to succeed Satolli as papal
delegate at Washington. Engaging in
manner, with a thorough knowledge of
things American, which his ' ready wit
and adaptability of mind made possible
in a few years, he is the strong arm of
Roman Catholicism in the United States.
Combined with this Is a wonderful ex
ecutive ability in church affairs -and an
indefatigable spirit always exerted in be
half of his religion.
In the pulpit Mgr. Martinelll does not
run toward oratory. Fluent of speech
and easy of manner he is more of a
charming talker than an orator, though
he lacks nothing of the persuasive when
he sets his heart upon his speech. The
first opportunity San Franciscans have
had to hear this renowned prelate was
at mass at St. Mary's Cathedral yester
day morning when he pronounced the
benediction.
The only public appearance of the papal
delegate will be this evening at the lec
ture of Henry Austin Adams on "Leo
XIII," at Metropolitan Temple.
Refuse to Try the Charges
Against Adolph Sylva and
Ex- Judge Simpton.
Has Plenty of Other
T
Iiawyers.
Although the Pences Have Sailed for
Nome, Mrs. Craven Says She
Superior Judges Lawlor and Dunne have
taken Issue* with Judge Bahrs* action in
arbitrarily assigning for trial the cases
of perjury against Mrs. Craven-Fair and
G. W. Slmpton and that of subornation
of perjury against Adolph Sylva. Judges
Bahrs, Lawlor and Dunne met in consul
tation and parted. Judge Lawlor tool;
the Initiative after the consultation and
through the County Clerk returned the
papers in the Simpton case, which had
been sent to his department for trial, to
Presiding Judge Bahrs for reassignment.
Judge Dunne, an hour later, returned the
papers in the case of Adolph Sylva for
reassignment. Judge Bahrs received
them, sent the Slmpton case to Judge
Cook, who' will Also try Mrs. Craven-Fair,
but failed to place the Sylva case on any
of the calendars. This he will do to-day.
When the action taken by Judges Dunn;
and Lawlor became known throughout
the City Hall all other matters lost their
interest. Many rumors as to the cause
or the rupture between the three Judges
were given. An intimation was made
early in the week that Judge Bahrs had
assigned the three cases in view of the
experience of the three criminal Judges
and assigned Mrs. Craven-Fair's case to
Judge Cook as he believed it to be the
most complicated.
Judges Lawlor and Dunne refused to
divulge the reason that led to the return
or the cases to Judge Bahrs for reas
signment. District Attorney Byington
could throw no light on the controversy
save that he had requested that all three
cases be assigned to Judge Lawlor. This
request was not granted by Judge Bahrs
and the cases were distributed. It made
no difference to the District Attorney, he
says, to which court the cases were sent,
except that Assistant District Attbrney
•Deuprey was not to prosecute Mrs.
Craven-Fair, by reason of subsequent as
sociation with her, which would enforce
the transfer of another prosecuting at
torney to Cook's department.
Judge Bahrs said that he assigned th<=.
cases after due consideration and with
the belief that the trials would be expe
dited by reason of the arrangement ho
followed, as each would be long anu
tedious. He was not disturbed ' by the
fact that his action had broken a custom
of thirty years' standing and stated that
inasmuch as he was resppnsible, as pre
siding Judge, for all cases, he had In
structed the District Attorney to here
after send them to him in blank that he
might make assignments as he saw
proper.
Attorney Lafayette Pence, chief counsel
for Mrs. Nettie R. Craven-Fair, sailed
for Nome last night on the steamer C. D !
Lane, accompanied by his brother
Charles, who has. been associated with
him in the trial of the big case. Their
departure at a time when Mrs. Craven-
I" air was under Indictment on a felony
charge looked something like a desertion
of her by the men who have fought so
many weeks to establish her right to re
ceive from the estate of James G. Fair
an allowance as his widow.
"The Pences .have in no way deserted
me." said Mrs. Craven-Fair last night.
"They will be back~here before my. trial
comes off. and even if they were not here
I have other attorneys to represent me
many of them, in fact.
"W. W. Foote, one of my attorneys and
my chief witness, will be back from Paris
in time to appear at my trial. I shall not
want' for counsel."
Abe Ruef, who Is another of the wo
man s attorneys, said she would not want
for counsel.
"We'll get more if she hasn't enough
now," he said. "I don't think Mrs. Fall
will be well enough to appear for arraign.
ment to-morrow.
Mrs. Craven-Fair says she has been
kept in a dark room under the care of
two physicians since the day on which
the big trial closed. On that day a small
blood vessel burst in one of her eyes and
she has been suffering from the effects
of this ever since.
JUDGES LAWLOR
AND DUNME DROP
PERJURY CASES
Democratic Convention.
The committee appointed last Tuesday
night by the Democratic local organiza
tion to, devise plans ¦ for selecting dele
gates to the State Convention of the party
held a brief session yesterday afternoon
and .adjourned" until, noon -to-day. M C
Hassett is chairman of'the committee.- It
is | understood in Democratic circles that
a = plan to convert the. County Committee
Into a local convention 1 wlU be reported
The convention thus created; will appoint
one hundred * and i fifty-four delegates to
r epresn 1 1 the Democrats of San - Fra nclsco
in the State Convention called, to assemble
at Sacramento June 14. The County Com
mittee will meet to-night • at B'nal B'rith
Hall.' -¦,: :
THERE has been no decrease in the
attendance at the sessions 'of the
Teachers' Institute. The second day
brought out even a larger number of
teachers and friends of the department
than were seen at the initial meeting.
The papers read were extremely Interest
ing and highly instructive. The musical
numbers that interspersed the weighty
discussion of complex problems were not
only a relief to the overburdened peda
gogues, but were greatly enjoyed by them.
Stanford University was well represent
ed on yesterday's programme. President
Jordan, Professor Charles R. Brown and
Professor Ellwood P. Cubberly gave those
present the benefit of their thoughts on
themes of great moment to the School
Department. Professor Jordan gave his
usual brilliant talk. Professor Brown
earned warm commendation, for his wise
thoughts and Professor Cubberly likewise.
The latter proved himself a deep student.
He was not possessed of a strong voice
and as a result many of his good points
were lost In the coughs and murmurlngs
in the hall. One schoolma'am in the rear
of the hall, unable to hear a word he
said, arose in desperation and politely
asked the speaker to talk louder. The
lady blushed and the professor did like
wise.
The programme opened with a song by
the pupils of the sixth grade of the Lin
coln Grammar School, under the direction
of Miss A. Furnsworth. The youngster*
sang so well that they had to respond to
a double encore. This was followed by an
address by Charles R. Brown, D. D.. lec
turer on ethics of the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, on "The Ethical Elements in
a Teacher's Influence." He advised the
teachers to inspire in their pupils a high
sense of morality. He pointed out that
going to school has several ends in view,
but the central one is learning how tt>
behave well. He said that the ordinary
instruction of writing and arithmetic
should be held in the grasp of a keen cen
tral purpose In the minds of the teacher
by appealing to the pupils to be better.
He created some merriment when he said
dramatically: "Any woman who teaches
simply because it is more remunerative
or easier than canvassing for a bookhouse
or because she has a grudge against so
ciety and can't get married had better
step down and out at the next pay day."
He thought that if there was less of club,
of society, of committee 'and organiza
, tion for upbuilding and correcting things
! and a great deal more of mother, the
world would be vastly better. The
teacher also; stated that the judgment of
the teacher should be of such strong, mo
ral character that it would be received
as a Supreme Court decision in the horn*.
Dr. Brown concluded his interesting talk
by saying that if teachers took up their
work in the right spirit and in the right
way they might be able to say at tha
close of the day's task. "We have been
teaching ethics all day."
When the applause which burst forth
at the conclusion of the lecture had sub
sided. Miss Estelle Carpenter, instructor
of music of the department, sang sweetly
about "Spring." She told of its birds and
flowers, verdure and leafy banks, and all
such things. The song was appreciated
thoroughly, and for an encore she sang
Liszt's melody, "/Thou Art Like Unto a
Lovely Flower." A five-minute recess
was then taken and upon reconvening
"The Essential and the Non-Essential in
Teaching" was discussed by Ellwood P.
Cubberly, associate professor of education
of Leland Stanford University. In part
he said:
"There is plentv of evidence that in our
teaching we place too much emphasis
upon the knowledge in books and not
enough upon the things that are written
about. The idea of brain development is
lost sight of in the endeavor to memorize
facts that are of minor importance* Our
subjects, too, are taught without proper
correlation. They need also vitalizing by
connecting them with actual life. It is
useless to study in a- geography about a
seaport If you do not know something
about the commerce of San Krancisco."
The Philomel quartet, which Is com
posed of Miss Millie Flynn, Mrs. Emilie
Parent. Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark and Miss
Cella Decker, sang some sweet melodies
which were greatly enjoyed. President
Jordan was next introduced. The well
known educator was given an enthusiastic
greeting. His subject was "The Growth
of the American. University." He said
that wisdom is knowing what to do next
skill Is knowing how to do It. and virtue
is doing It. He claimed that a university
is a place where men and women are
taught wisdom, skill and virtue. That, he
said, was the ideal of the American uni
versity. It is a place where men are
trained to know things, do things and do
them right. He. criticized the universities
of the mother country. He said that It
was the policy of England to make a gen
tle class. He referred to the University of
Berlin and said It was ait Institution in
the hands of a monarchy for the purpose
of turning out men of "blood and Iron"
He then discussed. the development of the
American universities. He described their
growth and gave reasons why they sur
passed the seats of learning of England
He also touched on the rapid growth of
the State universities. He spoke of med
dling politicians who at first stunted the
development of these grand Institutions
by using S their influence, to secure soft
GOT TIRED OF LEADING
LIFE OF WICKEDNESS
Lucy Morgan Swallows a Dose of Car
bolic Acid, but She May
Recover.
Lucy Morgan. 'It pretty girl, 19 years of
age. attempted to commit suicide early
yesterday morning. In her room, 309 Grant
avenue, by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid. Her mouth .was badly burned, but
as it is supposed that' she was unable to
swallow much of the acid her chances of
recovery are good. - ., •„-
The glrrcame here, from Butte, Mont.
o h ft re /? weeks a K° a " d engaged a room at
309 Grant avenue. • She had* been sick for
some days and got tired -of life Her
moans attracted the attention of otHer
women In the house about 4 'o'clock yes
terday morning, and she was sent to the
hospital in the ambulance. .
Her brother. George Morgan, a grocery
clerk, and her half-brother, R. L. Mylar
called at the! hospital yesterday to see
her. They reside at 850 McAllister street
The girl's mother, they said. Is dying from
cancer of the throat. The girl was known
as Mabel Miller > in ; the Grant avenue
house. ';<:V;.v"" : »¦•>,¦ ¦'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.
POPE'S REPRESENTATIVE
ARRIVES IN THIS CITY
Incidents at the Institute.
12
_ _ ' _ _ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
R. D. DAVET& CO.
Headquarters for Vomen's
Readyto'Wear Goods 3T
Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
i§^^0^ Stylish Trimmed Millinery
'^^^^^Sf*'*^. Friday and Saturday, important sale of
Ladies' Trimmed Hats. We will sell over
CS 13^^^^^^^"" three hundred of the handsomest hats ever
vL offered in San Francisco at about one-half that
r *<^0f^pr you would ordinarily pay for them. They are
V^^^^lgJ all fresh, bright, new styles, trimmed for this
Vr^j^ sale only, the best and this season's newest
Sj£^§<5 materials being used. There are handsome
gray, Tuscan and black hats, as. well as the new pastel shades.
Special Friday and Saturday, $5.00 each.
Children's Trimmed Hats $2.95 Each.
A splendid lot will be ready for your picking in all the bright color-
ings sc becoming to child or miss. Many worth double the sale price.
Untrimmed Straw Shapes 50c*
Odds and ends of this season's best styles in- dress shapes, in
black, brown; castor, gray, tan, royal blue, and white. This price
represents less than half the original.
/3^8> Cotton Shirt Waists
W^T~- Two days* selling of Cotton Shirt Waists.
Pretty styles in percale, dimities and pique,
/^^™S®jw\X a11 worth from $1.00 to $1.75 each. There
are P-* a " sizes re P resented is the re ason that
\ » >/ the y wi " be closed out at this price. . Sizes
vfr^r^^nQlMy 3 2 * 34» 3 6 only. On sale in basement.
Woman s Wrappers
/be .Caen*
. Several kinds and styles to close Friday and Saturday.- Not one
in the entire lot worth less than Si. 50 up to $2.00 each.. There are
.Flannelette,- Percale, Lawn and Dimity wrappers, all sizes, in both
light and dark colors. On sale in basement. ;
. Tk^lJ«^. A The covered paMags-
r'SllJinfi wa y connecting these
.1 aiavt? two ; Immense struc-
___———-— tures places under
. one management 1400
We are Anxious and ss? 9 *»™ slxsp
*.;.'-.... ., . . Tourist* and travel-
That von »c« _____—— — ers from e very section
-.-¦__ /« --J ; of the world rsccrnlze
How Many Grand and , a *>p«ciate me
J - Ulttuw comforts and convenl.
Beautiful Premiums — bSteu. offered by *?*"•
WcCive Hntp]Q American plan. Eu-
WithTeas. IlUlClO ropean plan.
"With Co fTee*, '
SitE S£S™£ BAJA CALIFORNIA
w!JS VLttuz pokier. Daiiiiciiici Bitters
Come JUSt tO LOOk. | S A GREAT RESTOItATIVE. INVIGOIU-
. "Si."?t ;"• <" -- * tor and Nervine.
Weil nlilGlitail liillJOl Ulli 1M UJ. Tonic for the Sf-rual Organs for both sexs*.
MONEY-SAVING STORES. Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th« Kld-
HO Mlth e st St * <Opp. PowelO. C3 Market rt.. a..p.-<s£d fir oS5fc.»
J56 Hayes St." " 218 Third St. - . . : '
1419 Polk St. tn Montgomery Ave. DDTTC LI CO FOR BARBERS BAK-
C2 Market St.. 2732 2«h Et. • hangers, printer., painters, sho. f actorteaTsta. ,- '
OAKLAND STORES. blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
}£? 11 * 011 St •}•:£. »«£. st - BUCHANAN BROS.. ¦ . i
ilwUvtSttTSt." um ISrk St.'. AJamed*. Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramsat. 5s