VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 22.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
will be a special train, stops at
important points, brass bands,
shooting matches, sweet cider
and other things, and for the first
time the long-haired free silver
friends of Mr. Bryan will be met
on their own ranges to be told
the truths about the Amercian
flag, the American nation and the
American dollar.
In the middle of July the Gov
ernor will take another trip, go
ing this time into the Northwest.
He will attend the National Con
vention of League Clubs at. St.
Paul, Minn., and may on this oc
casion make ; a dash into . North
Dakota, South Dakota, Montana
and- possibly Idaho. Of course,
on this trip he willTbe seen once
or twice in Nebraska.
There was no fight in the con.
vention over anything except tht
honor of making speeches for the
successful candidates. -;.?;.
Quay and ¦ Hanna . made up
their differences and there was no
contest over the Quay resolution
restricting Southern representa
tion in the ' convention. Quay
kindly , abandoned his \ resolution
when. Hanna accepted'Roosevelt;
and, the only danger that con
fronted harmony passed away. '
> Quay, like Platt, emerges from
the convention with much re
nown among his followers. These
two men were the only ones who
played good politics in the con
vention. Platt has the honor of
having nominated Roosevelt
against the deliberate opposition
of Hanna, and Quay has the
credit of sharing- the Roosevelt
boom which resulted in ' Senator
Hanna's capitulation last night.
Whenever Quay appeared in
the convention, whenever he
arose to make a motion or. change
his seat, he was . greeted with
great applause. When he came
to the. convention he was regard
ed : J .s a dead politician. He is
to-night looked upon as once
more, a commanding factor in
Pennsylvania ; politics. ; Even his
enemies admit that during, the
A ALL HEADQUARTERS,
I HOTEL WALTON, PHIL
ADELPHIA, June 21.— Mc-
Kinlev and Roosevelt are the Re-
publican candidates. They were
nominated to-day for President
and Vice President respectively,
not in stampede, but in formal
manner, showing that each was
the deliberate choice of the con
vention. No other candidate than
McKinley was considered for
President. No other candidate
than Roosevelt, was considered
for Vice. President-. .McKinley
got all the 926 votes in the con
vention. " Roosevelt' got all " but
one — his was* the* one vote "not
cast. To the end he remained
sincere in- his belief that some
body else ought to be nominated,
and carried home with him the
satisfying knowledge that he- was
the only anti-Roosevelt man in
the convention.
Mark Hanna is again : to be
manager of the campaign. Ten
minutes after the convention ad
journed he was elected chairman
of the new national committee.
Work is to be begun at . once.
No time is to be lost. Candidates
are to be notified, on July 12,
within a week after the Bryan
ticket has been placed in nomina :
tion. 'S'V, V;
The campaign is to be man
aged, as usual; by a selected com
mittee and there is to be an ad
visorv or financial committee, of
which Cornelius N. Bliss will be
one of the members.
The battle ground is to be the
"enemy's country." By the "en
emy's country" in Republican
circles is meant the great West —
Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska and
other prairie and mountain
States.
In little more than a week's
time Governor Roosevelt, at the
head of the charging Western
campaign column, will be invad
ing the "enemy's country."
A reunion of Rough Riders is
to be held in Oklahoma the first
week in July. Governor Roose
velt will attend it. The occasion
will be seized to make a demon
stration. The Governor will go
through Kansas City on his way
to the reunion. He will return
on July 5, just about the time
Brvan is being nominated.- There
McKinley was placed in nomina
tion by the dashing Foraker of
Ohio, and the standards ot all
States traveled to the stage,
where they were grouped about.
Mark Hanna led the cheering
and waved a ¦ bunch of pampas
grass tied -to the end of a broom
stick. The demonstration lasted
nearly ten minutes.
Governor Roosevelt's speech
seconding McKinley V nomina
tion was the signal for another
demonstration. The- Governor
made the best speech of the day.
If was broad, thoughtful, patri
otic and eloquent. He drove his
knife deep into Democracy and
when, he concluded the, leaders
knew they had ' on the ticket a
man to answer Bryan, should the
Democratic, champion tour the
country,' from' trie' rear platform.
, When air the " speeches ' for 'Me- ,
Kinley-' had been made Senator
Lodge, the chairman, ordered trie
roll of the States to be called for
the ballot/ There was no other
candidate, but it had been de
termined to make the result
proud and clinching. The chair
man of each ' State delegation
arose and cast the solid vote of
the State for McKinley, and he
was declared nominated. ;
The nomination 6f Governor
Roosevelt for Vice President was
made amid scenes of great en
thusiasm. The Governor was the
one popular idol in the conven
tion. "He was placed in nomina
tion by- Iowa. Colonel "Lafe"
Young, an Iowa editor, who was
in Cuba as a war correspondent, ¦
made the speech. The nomina
tion was seconded by Murray of
Massachusetts, Governor Mount
"of IndianaandiChauncey M. De
pew of New York.
The Governor left for
last week he has vastly added to
his strength.
The concluding session of the
convention took on in a supreme
measure the character of a great
Republican jubilee. Every man,
woman and child stood up when
York this evening in. General
Frank V. Greene's car.
Those on the committee to
present the President with the
gold badge will leave to-morrow.
Judge Van Fleet has been busy
to-night with national committee
work and will go to >*e\v York
and then home, stopping in Ohio
to see his father. j£. D. Rideout
and H. D. Robbins started home
to-day.
The Californians are scattering
fast. George A. Knight leaves
for Washington and San Fran
cisco to-morrow.
Here, at. the Casino, a most
elaborate dinner was served to
about sixty. After the dinner
J. Martin pommel, a prominent
attorney of Philadelphia, acted as
toastmaster. Very graceful and
happy speeches thanking the
committee of Philadelphians for
their uniform hospitality and con
sideration were made by W. ,C
Haddock, director of public
works; Governor Taylor of Ken
tucky, Edgar D. Peixotto and
Sheriff Alexander Crow.
Knight pleased the Califor
nians. to a man. His voice certain
ly was the clearest and best heard
in the convention, . All seemed
much pleased with his speech.
• This evening the Californians
were again the recipients of the
lavish hospitality they have been
so fortunate to receive from the
special committee in charge of
them. At 4:30 four-in-hand tally
ho coaches were at the hotel. The
Galifornians and Kentuckians
were driven all through the city
and out and about Fairmount
Park, and then to the West Side
Park.
- ¦ . -, . -¦::¦;:¦: -¦
fAALL HEADQUARTERS,
I .HOTEL WALTON, PHIL
ADELPHIA^ June 21.— The
California delegation cut consid
erable figure in the final and ex
citing day of the convention.
First, it was the California dele
gation who supplied the red,
white and blue pampas plumes
which added such color and gave
so- picturesque^ an effect to the
scene when McKinley and Roose
velt were named for their places.
CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION
IN EVIDENCE
BY MoKINLEY.
ROOSEVELT CONGRATULATED
WASHINGTON, Juno 21.— At 4 o'clock this afternoon the
President T7ircd the following congratulatory telegram to
Governor. Rocsrrelt : ' . .
"Executive Mansion Washington, D. C, June 21.
"Hon. Theodore Roosevelt,' Fhiladslphia, Pa.: Your unanimous
nomination i3 a high and dsservetl honor. I extend -my heartiest
congratulation's. %< *•¦> ' ¦ ; : "WTLI.IAM McKINIiEY."^
Although no definite time has been fixed for the notification
committee to wait upon the President and formally notify him of his
nomination, it is expected that the President has indicated that it
will be entirely satisfactory^ him if the committee would visit him
at Canton on July 12. He and Mis. McKinley expect to leave here
for Canton not later than July" 1, and it is not improbable that tlrsy
may leave in time to reach; Canton June 30. According to present
plans they will remain there through the month of July. It is un
derstood to be the President's purpose not to make any speeches
during his absence from Washington. *
YOUR UNCLE SAM PRESENTS:
The San Francisco Call.Continued on Third Pas©.
The stage had bern freshened with green
lhlngs and at each, corner, like a touch of
PaminR color, red peonies chotintQ the
air. The band in the north gallery was at
work early with inspiringmusic: It was
much warmer 'to-day. The sun blazed
down through the spaces in the roof and
the heat gave promise ; of being oppres
sive: but the ladies were. attired in their
thinnest muslins, everybody was provided
with a fan and there was no complaint.
One old fellow In the gallery, with charm-
standard bearer in a political conflict of graver
moment, to the nation than any that had taken
place since .the- close 'Of the civil, war saw us
once more a reunited, country. The Republican
party nominated him. but before- the campaign
was many, days old. he had become the-candi
date-not-only of all Republicans, but of all
Americans, who were . both t ar-sishted enough
to ' see where the true interest v of the country
lay and clear-minded enough to be keenly sen
sitive to -the taint of dishonor.'
-. Pxesldent MeKinley was triumphantly elected
on certain distinct pledges, and those pledges
have been made more than good. We were taea
selection, having failed to do so yester
day. ... : .v •• ¦ ¦ . ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ; ¦ ' ¦¦ .
¦'' The chair then laid the amendment to
the rules, offered yesterday by Mr. Quay,
as tho "unfinished business before the con
vention. As the cheers died away at the
mention of Quay's 'name the short a:;d
sturdy figure of -the Pennsylvanian arose
in the middle aisle. In" a thin voice, bare
ly, heard at the platform. Mr. Quay an
nourced the withdrawal of the amendment
proposing „ a change. ¦;' In '.rules =1 and
12, referring to representation in na
tional' conventions. This was accepted by
the Southern delegates as a concession to
them, and they arose en masse, cheering
Wildly. ;.;-/•->; • • ¦"
Foraker Nominates McKinley.
Now Mr. Lodge advanced to the front -of
the ; platform 7 and a :. thrill went through
the^vast audience as. he announced: *
"Under • the '¦' rules * nominations for the
office, of President, of :^he United States
are ¦ now : in order." ::-•. : -
There was a momentary shout, which
the -chairman punctured. ;
•, "The State of Alabama' is recognized."..
¦ A' tall and swarthy Alabamlan: stood on
hlerlchalr and by. prearrangement an
swered: . . ¦ . " • '¦ i ~ '¦¦'¦'
•'•'Alabama' yields to Ohio/" .
h This was the : signal ' for the recognition
of- Senator, Foraker,-* who was to ¦ make' the
speech nominating Mr. McKinley as the
Republican candidate . for President. Then
Among the.: early arrivals In the " hall
was Mrs. Roosevelt.' She sat in the front
row on the west:side of the hall, imme
diately to. the left of. the first row of del
egates. Accompanying her i' were Mrs.
William J.. Young, wife of the Governor's
private. secretary, and Professor; Nicholas
Murray. Butler of . Columbia University of
New, York. : Mrs. Roosevelt was the cyno
sure of ¦ thousands of eyes. ¦",. .
,; At- 10:36 s Chairman Dodge, with," three
raps of; his .historic \gavel.~ stilled the
tumult on the floor while the band
ushered ¦ in the ¦ session with the : ifatlonal
anthem;- Senator Hanna - being among the
first -to rise, ..As* the anthem .closed the
chairman announced the opening invoca
tion ¦ by : Archbishop Ryan.
Archbishop Ryan's Prayer.
The prelate wore the su
perb purple robe of his high station, fall
ing ;.to 'his : feet , and ' open fn front," show
ing -the 'heavy chain and cross emblem
atic of. his sect." He paused until* the 'as*'
semblage yhad risen and -bowed 7; their
heads, and ¦ then his strong, rich voice
rolled out a 1 prayer .filled with a sentiment
ofuthe'deep responsibility • ..- resting .upon
the; party here assembled.^He: said:
O,"thou divine son of God, thoir figure of. his
substance ' and the ' splendor of " his • glory, ; the
light ¦ that illuminates every '- man ' who > cometh
into i this t world.- we ? lift * up ; our i hearts c and
voices to th.es and pray, thee to bless this great
assembly,* thU" nation and - tta 'ruler*-:: ¦ '•¦ *~'/
and they set up 'a cheer at tbe sight of
him He was surrounded by the delegates
when he reached : the pit and showered
with congratulations. ,\ He made no pro
testation or dissent, but smilingly-repeat
ed his thanks. . One. gray-haired delegate
nut his arms around the Governor and
vvhi«pered.in his ear. All States were rep-
rcented in the welcome* with Kansas,. the
indomitable Roosevelt pioneer, leading the
demonstration.
A few minutes later another outburst
ereeted the entrance of Senator ¦Hanna.'
His progress was impeded all , the way
down the aisle by delegates who
upon shaking hands. ¦¦; He . stopped a < mo
ment to chat with Senator Davis," and
when he reached the standard of the New
York delegation, where Roosevelt was
holding a reception, he pushed through the
throne and. greeted" the Rough. Rider
wa^rmfy.evenafCectlonaiely. With his hand
upon Roosevelt's shoulder, he whispered
in' his ear." For t wo; minutes:- they -re
mained thus- in close communication.'.- -
¦Depew created 1 a stir, allttle later.; but
it was Matthew.iQuay -who 'aroused the
shouts of the local crowds
Henry Cabot • Lodge, ; the permanent
chairman, reached, the stage -at 10:15 and
there was an interesting conference of,the
leaders' in full view of the - t vast audience.
Colonel .Dick.- looking", more like * a, poet
than a- soldier; Mark Hanna, . Senator
Chandler. Julius Caesar; Burrows, Mayor
Ashbrldge,; Charles :Emory. Smith, : John
tyranny of Spain, with the same serious realf
zation of duty and sincere purpose to 'perform
it that has marked the nation's attitude in
dealing with the economic and financial dif
ficulties that face us at home.
This is what the nation has done during- the
three years that have elapsed since we mwla
McKinley President, and all this Is what he
typifies and stands for. We are here to nomi
nate him again and In November next wa
shall elect him again, because it has been given
to him to personify the cause of honor abroad
and prosperity at. home of wise legislation and
straightforward administration. We have,
done so well our opponents use this very face
as an excuse for turning us out. We have put
the tariff on a foundation so secure— we have
¦passed such wise laws of finance that they
actually appeal to the patriotic. hone*t men
who deserted them at the last election to help
them now, because, forsooth, we have done so
well teat nobody need fear their capacity to
undo our work. I am not exaggerating. This
Is literally the argument that is now addressed
to the gold Democrats as a, reason why they
need no longer stand by tha Republican party.
To all such who may be inclined to listen to
these specious arguments I would address aa
; emphatic word of warning.
Evils of I>emocracy.
Peace for tha Philippines.
Remember that, admirable though our legis
lation has been during the past three years, it
has been rendered possible and effective only
because there was good administration to back
It Wise laws are Invaluable, but aft«r all
they are not as necessary aa wis? and honest
administration of the laws. The best law ever
made, if administered by those who are hostll«
to it and who mean to break it down, cannot
be wholly effective and may be wholly in
effective. W« have at last put our financial
legislation on a sound basis, but no posslbl*
financial legislation can save us from fearful
and disastrous panic it we trust our finances
to the management of any man who would be
acceptable to the leaders and g-uldes or tne
Democracy in its present spirit. Xo Secretary
of the Treasury who would be acceptable to.
or who could, without loss of self-respect, serve
under the Popullstlc-Democracy. could avoid
plunpins this country back into financial
chaos. Until our opponents have explicitly
and absolutely repudiated the principles which
in 1S3S they professed and the leaders who em
body these principles, their success means the
undoing of the -country. Nor nave they any
longer even the excuse of being honest in their
folly They nave raved: they have foamed at
the mouth in denunciation of trusts, and now,
in my own State, thetr foremost party leaders,
including the man before whom the others bow
with bared head and trembling knee, have
been discovered in a trust which really Is of
infamous and perhaps of criminal character;
a trust in which these apostles of Democracy,
these prophets of tha new dispensation, hava
sought to wring fortunes from the dire need of
their poorer brethren.
I rise to second the nomination of William
McKinley because with him a« leader this
country has trod the path of national great
ness and prosperity with the strides of a
giant and because under him we can and will
once more and finally overthrow those whose
success would mean for the nation material
disaster and moral disgrace. Exactly as we
have remedied the evils which in the past w»
undertook to remedy, so now when we say
that a wrong shall be righted, it most assured
ly will be righted. • ,
We have nearly succeeded In bringing peace
and order to the Philippines. We have sent
thither, as to other islands toward whose in
habitants we now stand as trustees ln^ the
cause > of good, government, men like Wood, 1
Taft and Allen, whose very names are aynony-.'
mous of integrity and guarantees of efficiency
Appointees like these, with subordinates chosen
on grounds of merit and fitness alone, are evi
dence of the spirit and method In. and by'
which, this nation must approach Its new and
serious duties. Contrast this with what would
be the fate of the islands under the spoils
system so brazenly advocated by our opponents
in their last. national platform. The war atlll
goea on. because the allies In this country ot
in a condition of industrial paralysis. Tha
capitalist was plunged in ruin and disaster, th*
wage worker was on the edge of actual want
the success of our opponents would have meant
not only Immense aggravation of the actual
physical distress, but also a strain on tha na
tion's honor so deep that more than one gen
eration would have to pass before it would be
effectually wiped out. We promised that ir
President McKinley were elected not only
should th© national honor be kept unstained a*
home and abroad, but that the mine and th*
workshop would be kept open, the farmer' have
a market for his goods, the merchant for hi*
wares, and that the wage worker should pros
per as never before.
W* did not promise the impossible: w» did
not say that by good legislation and good ad
ministration there would come prosperity to all
men; but we did say that each man should.
have a better chance to win prosperity thin
he had ever yet had. In the long run tie
thrift, industry, energy and capacity oi the
individual must always b« the chief factor in
hia success. By unwise or dishonest legisla
tion or administration on the part of the- na
tional authorities all these qualities in the in
dividual can be nullified, but wise legislation
and upright administration will give them free
acow. And it was this free acope that w«
promised should b© given.
Every Pledge Fulfilled.
"Well, we kept our word. The opportunity has
been given and it haa been seized by American
energy, thrift and business enterprise. As a
result we have nrosoered as never before, aiul
we are now prospering to a degree that would
have seemed incredible four yeara ago, when
-the cloud of menace to our industrial well
being hung black above the land.
f So it has been In foreign affairs. Pour yeara
ago the nation was uneasy becauss right at
its doors an American island lay writhir.gr in
agony with the curse of worse than medieval
tryanny and misrule. We had our Armenia
at our very doors, for the situation In Cuba had
grown Intolerable and such that this nation
could no longer refrain from interference and
retain its own self-respect. President McKin
ley turned to this duty as he hart turned ti
other*. He sought by every effort possible to
provide for Spain's withdrawal from the Island
which she was impotent longer to do aught
than oppress. Thpn. when pacific means had
failed and thfcre remained the only alternative,
we wagfpd the most righteous and brilliantiy
successful foreign war that any country haa
waged during the lifetime of the present gen
eration. It was not a great war simply be
cause it was won too easily, but It waa mo
mentous Indeed in- its effects. It left us. as
all great feats must leave those who perform
them, an inheritance both of honor and of re
sponsibility, and under the lead of President
McKinley the nation has taken up the task of
securing orderly liberty and the reign of Justice
and law in the island from which we dr.>ve the
the cheers began and a wild scene ensued.
Amid a tumult of applause Senator For
aker went to the platform, and when,
quiet was restored, began to speak, first
thanking Alabama for Its courtesy in
yielding, but attributing that fact to the
overwhelming popularity of the candidate.-
As Mr. Foraker continued he was re
peatedly interrupted with cheers. His an
nouncement that the nomination of Mc-
Kinley was equal to election in Novem
ber brought vociferous cheers.
Briefly Senator Foraker adverted to the
record of the President in peace and In
war as one of the most remarkable In
American history- . . ...
"In war and in peace, said he. while
the delegates and spectators echoed the
refrain of the sentiment expressed, he
has been found equal to all extraordinary j
requirements. -In all American history
there has been no chapter more brilliant
than written by the United States with
him as chief." ,
During the reference to the great leafier
of the party, the successes already
achieved by him and the grave responsi
bilities now being carried forward by him,"
the applause was frequent and long: con
tinued. But it remained for his closing
sentence, for the first time mentioning
"William McKinley by name as the nomf
nee, to electrify the great multitade.
Pandemonium broke loose. Former tem
pests of enthusiasm paled before this cy
clone of sound and movement. Every
one stood and waved and yelled. State
standards were wrenched from theli
places and borne aloft with umbrellas, 1
great plumes of red, white and blue— a.
perfect tempestuous sea of color.
Senator Hanna sprang to the front of
the stage, a flag in one hand and a plume
In the other, and led in the tremendous
demonstration. Now it had lasted five
minutes. Not content with their frenzied
hurrah on the floor, the delegates march
ed in solid ranks upon the platform, with
standards, plumes, banners and flags.
After the demonstration had continued
seven minutes, the Ohio delegation, where
centered the waves of sound, moved up
the aisle, while all the other State dele»
gations, bearing aloft their standards,
formed in a grand procession about th»
hall. The demonstration lasted just ten
minutes.
Indiana started the rush to the^plat
form, ¦ Governor Mount tearing up the
State standard and leading the delega
tlon down the aisle.
The plume demonstration was followed
by a grand doxology In the singing gf
"John Brown's body," the galleries join,
ing in the chorus while the delegations
led the singing.
Fifteen-lftinute Demonstration.
During the speech of Senator Foraker,
Governor Roosevelt paid attention so
strictly that there was an almost anxious
look upon his face. Once or twice, how
ever, he got away from his intensity ana
applauded. When Foraker finished,
Roosevelt ¦ arose with the rest, but un
doubtedly with the prospect of his own
nomination on his mind only, stood silent,
not joining in the cheers, and both hands
in his pocket. But when Senator Fora
ker came down the aisle he grasped him
by the hand and slapped him on the
shoulder, smiling and laughing aloud.
One delegate threw off his coat and un
fastened his collar as he reached the plat
form and. holding a plume in one hand,
waved his coat with the other. Bx-Go-»
ernor Taylor of Kentucky stood on a
chair In his delegation and waved his
hand as the procession of plumes returned
from the platform.
Cnairman Lodge, as the hurrah began
to subside, made an effort to restore order,
but this was only a signal for the crowd
to again break loose.
It was exactly fifteen minutes when or
der was . restored and Mr. Lodge an
nounced: . . V •
"The chair recognizes Governor Roose
velt of New York."
Again the magic of a name set the mul
titude into convulsions of enthusiasm.
All eyes were turned toward Roosevelt.
He stepped out Into into the aisle and
strode up to the platform, looking neither
to he right nor to the left, a^nd then, tut-n
ingr, surveyed the sea of waving, cheer
ing humanity. There he stood, his face
grimly set, without a smile.. He made no
acknowledgment, no salutations to the
plaudits, but like a hero receiving his due,
calmly awaited the subsidence of the
tumult.
At least he raised his hand and at his
bidding the demonstration came to an
end. . He wore a black cutaway coat,
dark, striped trousers, turndown collar
and blue necktie. The delegate's badge
on the red, white and blue ribbon, was the
only bit of color he wore.
As the Governor faced about on the
platform a man with a camera planted
the instrument directly in front of hlm.
As Roosevelt saw it he said sharply:
"Take tnat.aw.ay; take It away, and
a serg-eant-at-arms rushed. the man and
his apparatus out of the aisle.
Eoosevelt's Seconding Speech.
Then Governor Roosevelt began his
speech, speaking in a clear, full voice.
He said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise to second the nomina
tion of William 'McKinley, the President who
has to meet and solve problems more numerous
and more Important than any other President
since the days of the mighty Abraham Lincoln;
the President under whose administration this
country has attained a higher hitch of pros
perity at home and honor abroad than ever be
fore In its history. Four years ago the Repub
lican party nominated 'William McKinley as its
When - the striking figure of the Arch
bishop at the finish of the prayer disap
peared on the stage the vast assemblage
sank to Its seats and the gavel fell to
make quiet for the. more practical work
of the convention.
Senator Lodge called attention to Loui
siana having beeh omitted. from the roll
call for.national committeeman, and that
was corrected. . Alabama also named its
O, send down wisdom that-sttteth by thy
throne that - shall illumine the intellects and
purtfy the hearts of: thy servants and suggest
such principles and wisdom as may be best to
conduce to the -permanent welfare ot thy peo
ple. May our rulers rise above consideration
of personal or narty. Interests and realize the
importance of their position as ministers of
thy power. O, Kins of kings, unify all thesf
elements that they may hear. and. hearing,
obey, the one voice of authority which is but
the echo of thy one divine voice; and. O Spirit
of love,' let tUa be a union, not only of obe
dience but of affection. And if In the past any
injustice has been done to any class, let repara
tion be made. Let the children of those whose
fathers were once ¦ enslaved be never made to
feol the ' Inferiority and let the children of the
forest, whose ancestors owned the glorious
mountains and rivers and rich plains and land
and valleys and the fair land— let them be
loved by the great heart of the nation.- And we
ask of thee, O Spirit of love and unity, to ban
ish far from : this land all religious bigotry.
Bless, O triune God, thy glorious young coun
try. Make us truly loyal to thee, truly grate
ful to thee, truly obedient to thee, that, walk
ing in the light of Intelligence and in the vigor
of chastity, we may work our destiny on earth
and fortunately Join in the chorus of all na
tions changing.
Glory be to the Father, to the Son and to the
Holy Ghost. Amen. ..
PANDEMONIUM UNLOOSED IN THE CONVENTION HALL
Demonstration in Tribute to the
Hero of San Juan Not , Second
, to That Accorded the Name of
the Nation's Chief Executive.
Guidons Torn From Their Fas
tenings and Borne Up and Down
the Aisles in an Impromptu
Parade of State Delegations.
ing disregard for the proprieties, divested
himself of coat and vest, hung them over
the rail and took his seat.
Three minutes before 10 o'clock the Kan
sas delegation, headed by Colonel Burton,
with bright silk sunflowers pinned to their
lapels, aroused the first enthusiasm as they
marched down the main aisle -bearing a
white banner inscribed in big black letters
the words, "Kansas is for Roosevelt."
As the delegates debouched Into the pit
the utmost gopd-nature was ; manifested.
The contest was over. It was to be a
love feast, a jubilee, and not a contest
which the day was to witness.
Governor Roosevelt entered at 10 o'clock.
He made a rush of it 'to-day, but did not
escape the keen eyes of the thousands.
Foraker's Eloquence in Presenting
the Name of McKinley Arouses
All of the Pent-Up Enthusiasm
of Delegates and Spectators* r
Vast Assemblage Thrown Into a
Tumult of Extravagant Joy
That Continues Unrestrained for
a Full Quarter of an Hour*
"p^fc HILADELPHI A, June 21.— President
I J McKinley was unanimously'renom
|^ fnated for President of the United
J States by the Republican National
Convention at 1:48 o'clock to-day.
and an hour and ten minutes later
Governor Roosevelt of New York was
unanimously selected to stand beside him
*n the coming battle.
The scenes attending the selections
were tumultuous. Such unanimous dem
onstrations in honor of the nominees of a
national convention have never been
equaled perhaps in the history of politics
in this country. It was a love feast, a
jubilee, a ratification meeting.
Then? was a fine setting for to-day's
spectacular drama. Bright peonies at
cither end of the stage made two flaming
bits of. color. Throughout the vast multi
tude fans moved ceaselessly to and fro.
like the wings cf a flock of alarmed gulls
beating the air. There were no prelim
inaries. The wrangle expected over the
question of reducing the representation in
the South was averted by the withdrawal
of ex-Senator Quay's proposition.
'.The great hall became quiet as Senator
Lodge, standing before 15,000 eager faces,
gave! in hand, announced that nomina
tions for President of the United States
were In <^rder. The reading clerk advanced
to the front of the platform. He was
about to call the roll of States for the pre
sentation of candidates. When Alabama
was called a thin, red-whiskered delegate
from that Stat* arcs? and surrendered the
first right to speak to Ohio. A flutter of
handkerchiefs filled the air' and cheer
after cYieer went up from the delegates
in the pit as Senator Foraker of Ohin. the
l<5eal of militant Republicanism, strode
toward the platform. Foraker i5= a yra^nd
looking man. with something of the im
periousness of Elaine and the dash nf a
Rupert about n!m. The r.ir was surchar.crd
¦with electricity a? he mrrunfed the st^ps,
and when he turned about, standing there
with pray eyes calmly sweeping the cheer
ing thousands, the magnetic orator must
Shave been conscious of his power to 'call
up a storm that would sweep through' the
amphitheater. Below about him on either
i A Texas delegate shouted above the roar:
"Three cheers for Mark Hanna,"
They were given with a will. Then a
delegate with Ohio's standard in his hand
dove down into the main aisle and went
careening toward the rear to the music ot
"John Brown" s Body Lies Moldering in
the Grave." The bearers of the stand
ards of the otherSfntes plunged after him. .
Down the aisle they swung, parting the
whole stonn afresh. When they reached
the main entrance they- were met by men
. holding a.loft a gigantic papier machc
elephant, with the. national colors twined
about his neck. Then the procession came
back and circled the pit. For min
ute? this parade continued. ¦
The demonstration all. told lasted ex
actly fifteen •minutes. In length of time
it does not compare with the prolonged
cheer which went up for Grant in lsSO, or
Blaine in 1SSS. or for McKinley in 1WH>. It
is also surpassed In length of time T>y de
monstrations at Democratic conventions.
Noisy Tribute to Roosevelt
This protracted outburst was but the
forerunner of the pandemonium that
reigned a moment later when Roosevelt,
the man of the hour, mounted the plat
form to second the President's nomina
tion. When the convention caught sight
cf him it went off again like a rocket.
As he etood there facing the yelling multi
tude, the roar could have been heard for
blocks. Hanna smiled blandly as a dar
ing photographer set up a rapid fire cam
era directly in front of the hero of San
Juan and began banging away at him.
But "Teddy" did not .flinch. He looked
about him while he waited for the storm
to subside. Several times he raised his
hand, but the cheering continued. His
stern, square jaw was firmly pet as he
surveyed the scene. Only once did JMs
face relax. That was when he cau&yt
sight of his wife, who sat In the resr«ved
scats overhanging the pit on his right.
Then he smiled till his teeth showed and
Mrs. Roosevelt flutfered, back her hand
kerchief. When finally he was allowed
to begin he plunged directly to th^-Jjeart
of his subject in the impetuous way
which the people so much admire. His
statement was that he arose to second
•the nomination of William McKinley. who
had faced more problems than any Presi
dent since Lincoln.
The convention got on its feet and it
was several minutes before he could pro
ceed. Every , movement and every word
were characteristic of the man. He
looked, rpoke and acted like one giving
direction? «o an army about to. go into
battle. And nothing would content . him
but to storm the' heights as he- did- at
•Roosevelt is no master of the foil. He
prefers the broadsword, and as he laid
about him with sledgehammer blows the
multitude went wild with deliprhu A Ne
braska delegate shouted, "Hit 'em again.'
He had the manuscript of his speech in
his han.l and referred to it occasionally,
discarding page after page as he finished,'
until the platform at his feet was strewn
with white sheets. -When -he reached his
Peroration -and v.ith a world of infinite,
scorn in his voice asked if America was a
weakiing to shrink from the- world .work'
of the great powers th£ whole pit" echoed .
no in chorus. i ¦ ' • ' • "
When he had concluded and resumed his
seat in the New York delegation the other'
delegates rushed forward and surrounded^
him. Many embraced him and it seemed
for a moment as if they would lift him to
their shoulders. Senator Thurston, the
Demosthenes of the Senate; John W.
Verkes. an orator from the Blue Grass
State, and Governor Mount of Indiana'
also seconded McKinley's nomination, but
before the latter concluded the convention
was Impatient for a vote and several
times tried to howl him down.
Then the roll of States was called and
delegation after delegation arose in solid
blocks and cast their votes for McKinley.
When Chairman Lodge made the an
nouncement that the President had been
renominated for the term beginning on
March 4. 15*01. there was the same wild
storm which had been raised by Foraker.
and when it was over Ronsevelt s nomina
tion for the Vice 'Presidency evoked a suc
cession of similar demonstrations. Lafe '
Young, who was with Roosevelt in Cuba, i
nominated him on behalf of the State
which had originally come to Philade^
phia for Dolliver. His nomination -was
seconded by • Delegate Murray of Secre
tarv Long's State, and Delegate Ashtcn
of \Vashington. who came here for. Bart
let Tripp. Chauncey Depew wound up the
oratory on behalf of the State which de
clared for Woodruff. Depew's speech
aroused tlfe most ¦ intense enthusiasm
when he pictured the dazzling dream of
the country's future. During every pause
the band played but one air, the tune
which Colonel Roosevelt had heard in the
trenches before Santiago.
At 2:14 o'clock the convention, which had
done the unparalleled thing of nominating
both the candidates for President and
Vice President unanimously, adjourned. .
Governor Roosevelt- drove from the con
vention hall with Mr. Odell, seated In the
rear of an open landau. He lifted his
broad -brim me<T hat to the continuous sal-'
vo.« that prcted him as he passed through
the densely packed streets like a conquer
ing hero . fresh from new victoriej. .To
night the faces of McKinley and Roose
velt are on all the baoses and their names
am on every lip. <¦ %
Long before 10, o'clock, the hour set for
the reassembling o f the convention, the
hall was surrounded by an immense army
of people, who. besieged all tlie doors anrl
entrances. clamoring for admission.
When the doors were opened they surged
in like a f^ood, submerging the vast hall.
It was not yet noon, but the sun was j
blazing throuph the roof, shooting dans '
and arrows into all parts of the ha'!. I
"With resonant, ringing voice and graceful I
gestures Forakc-r stilled the noise. Even j
the pages and attendants crouched down j
es they gaz^d at the orator. He b?gan t« i
call up, the hurricane from the Ftart. {
Whenever he raised hi? arms aloft the i
•whiPtiins: of the gale ran around th" hall. I
When he said thf nomination had already J
been made, that Walcott and Ixxige and |
the platform had each in turn n/unert his i
candidate, a great ch*er wpnt up. When |
he paid his candidate wa« the choice of j
CIIC.1J man who desired Republican sue- j
ce^s In November the roar was like the
ru?h of a heavy sea through a rocky ;
cavern. The orator was filenccd by his i
own word?. Thon ne bogan again,
fp^aklnp as few m"n can. His sudlonoo
was thrilled. They s=at like men under
e ? pell. He dropped a word here, a word
th^re, like eparks upon a sun-dried stub
bie, and when he concluded by placing
?.IcKin!f»y In nomination, not on behalf of
Ohio, hut cf all ihe States and Territories,
a clap of thunder shook the building. Be
low him. all about him were -deafening
roars. The previous whistlings of the
ptorm were but the rustle of a eumrntr
right's breeze.
For a moiarnt the magician leaned over
the platform as if to satisfy himself that
bis -work ¦was accomplished. Then, see
ing that the c-JTort had been successful,
he retired to the rear of the stage.
The sight was? a srand' and inspiring
one. In the pit the delegates and alter
nates were cheering enthusiastically.
Over the acre? of spectators bedlam
reigned. The hall was r;n angry jea of.
ffising color. Flags, red. white and blue
plumes, shot up as if by magic to cre&t
the wav«-s. . Hats were lifted aloft on*
canes. Umbrellas wore hoisted and
twisted until they rescmbeld whirling
Dervishes. On the press platform the
n*»WFpapef mon with watches out were
counting the minutes.
Hanca Leads the Demonstration.
On the stage Senator Hanna. his hand
kerchief in one hand. , a fan in the other,
¦was spurring the vast assemblage to new
endeavors. The raging storm did not seem
to faiisfy him. He seized a plume and
whirled it about his head like a general
loading his men to the charge. All at
once a delegate, bearing the standard of
Kentucky, rushed forward to the stage.
The effect was magical. Standards of
the States were torn loose and yelling
delegates climb«*l upon the platform to
rally around their : leader. .With State
guidons pointed to a common center they
made a canopy over the head of th% War
wick of the Republican party. Ohio in
terlocked her staff with New York: Maine
figuratively kissed her hand to California
end Minnesota saluted Texas.
Then higher sHll climbed Hanna. He
mounted a table, where he could look out
upon the chfctins multitude. Be"side-hifn
ruddenly appeared a young girl arrayed
In the national colors. At this fight, the
• cheers redoubled. The music of theor
cheetra was drowned in the awful din.
The demonstration had now continued
¦with scarcely a lull for ten- minutes.
Chairman Lodge began to rap for order,
but the ring: of his gavel was of no avail
¦¦ - V
Eloquence of Foraker.
Fide -were bankei men and women almost
frantically waving hats, handkerchiefs
ard parripaf plumes. In full view of the
convention he stood erect, his face as in
flexible r.s though chiseled ' in marble,
waiting: for th» applause to ceas?. When
quiet was restored he bepan to speak. •
COLONEL GEORGE A.-
KNiGHT OF CALIFORNIA.
WHO SECONDED THE NOMI
NATION OF McKINLEY.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIjL, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1900;
Lynch, the colored ex-Congressman from
Mississippi, and a score of others' were
busy perfecting the final plans for the
day. ' l ., >,-.-¦
McKinley' s Mascot Band.
At 10:20 the big band from Canton, Ohio,
the President's home, made its way into
the hall from the west side and broke out
with the, pealing strains of the national
anthem. The whole audience rose to its
feet and stood until- it was concluded.
The Canton band Isione of the most pop
ular . organizations «j of its kind in the
United States. It-Is here«on the day of
the renomination of McKinley at the
President's own^ request; and he regards
the band, as his' "mascot." Heretofore
in his Congressional and gubernatorial
contests and in 1896, in his contest, the
band played him to victory.^ When it was
suggested that the band could : . not be
present the President insisted that it
should be and at his request the noted
organization was engaged. .'¦', ¦
Through the pit a squad of men; was
busy . distributing -..great, stands, of :. red,
white and blue pampas plumes, which
later were to cut a big feature in the
demonstration. ¦ - Picturesquely dignified
and with a rather Incongruous setting
there stood upon the platform during the
, preliminaries 'Archbishop Ryan of the
Roman Catholic See at Philadelphia. His
ascetic face above the purple and black
robes of his ¦ clerical '' office stood out
cameo-like from the group > of politicians
of all classes and - color and ;in all man
ner,of dress.- -He chatted "pleasantly.' with
. those about*him and • rose promptly from
hlsfseat when. the first notes of the "Star-
Spangled Banner" sounded.
Senator Joseph Benson Fpraker of Ohio Nominating William
McKinley for Presidents
2
SENATOR JOHN M. THURS
TON OF NEBRASKA. WHO
MADE A SPEECH SECONDING
¦McKINLEY'S NOMINATION.:
> JOHN W. YERKES OF KEN
! TXICKY, WHO MADE ONE OP
THE SPEECHES SECONDING
' McKINLEY'S NOMINATION..
LAFE YOTJNG, OJ7E OP THE
DELEGATES WHO SECONDED
ROOSEVELT'S NOMINATION.- Impelled by duty's call and the pleadings of
the oppressed the United States engaged In war
with; the cruel; and arrogant kingdom of Spain.
Grandly, our patriotic President met the grave
responsibilities of that war, and with firmness
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: I arise to second the nomination of 1 a
man who . has ably . discharged every responsi
bility in peace and war; one who in the perilous
crisis of the great civil conflict in: this country
though but a mere youth, ¦ displayed the loyalty
of a Datrlot and the: courage of a hero. ..This
man enlisted as a private ; soldier; and * fought
In the front rank of battle until the Union was
saved and : honored ¦ peace ' restored. > lie ¦ is > a
statesman' as well as- a patriot; a' creator > "of
statutes as ' well as a defender - of > liberty. \He
became a leader In the Congress of , the United
States. He . was chairman ; of - the -Ways and
Means Committee and the distinguished author
"Vote, vote," came from -the. delegates
as" Mr. Knight concluded, but the chair
man stilled the outcry and recognized
Governor Mount of Indiana, who, on be
half of the Hoosler State, seconded the
nomination of Mr.vMcKinley. It '.was -a
glowing euloglsm to the statesman-soldier
President. - It was apparent that the con
vention-was eager; for definite. results and
a growing hum spread through; the \ hall
as Governor Mount spoke. He said:
Mount's Glowing Eulogy.
To-day he stands as one | beloved at ( home,
before all the nations of the earth and as one
of the greatest rulers that ever graced the
Presidential chair of the United States. '(Ap
plause.) November will soon be here and there
will be' no doubt as to the if suits. The ballots
are now counted In the minds and hearts of
the American people and f our^more yeare of
respect to law, respect to the flag and of hope;
faith in the perpetuity of American Institutions,
and of honor to the name, of William McKIn
ley will follow, this nomination. (Applause.)
All through the acquisition of California they
used the same argument on the stump and in
the United States Senate as is used at present,
and we feel in California the injustice of that
kind of argument, and you Democrats,- if you
want to hear anything about anti-expansion,
get Corwln's speech of 1847 and read it and
there Is not an anti-expansionist in the land
that can make one like It to-day. (Laughter
and applause.) California comes here to sec
ond; California favors with enthusiasm the
nomination of William r McKInley. • j
That man (pointing to a portrait of McKIn
ley) slept with his heart , on the flag and no
Democrat did that In those days. (Tremendous
cheers and a voice. "That's right;- that's
right."):
California is in favor of expansion. "Why?
Because' when the pathfinder (Fremont) crossed
the level ¦ plains; climbed the mountains of
rocks and viewed the promised land, the
Democratls did not count her as part of this
national Union.
The weary to sleep, and the wounded to die."
It Is going to have a' Fourth of July In .Kan
sas City— I wonder why the Fourth of 1 July
was picked out.; The "Fourth of July." Do
you remember when:
"Our bugles sang truce, when the night cloud
had lowered, '»; ¦ • ' •
And the sentinel stars sat their watch In the
' sky..: . ¦ . -' .
And thousands had sunk on the ground over
powered, . "•- '
California for -Expansion.
that our forefathers builded better than they
knew. I eay no city knew better when they
had an opportune of building. (Applause.)
They had the history of the past; they had the
oppression and the Journey that brought them
to these shores. They knew the mistakes of
the Governments of the Old World and they
tried as best they knew to avert and avoid
them in the building of this new and great na
tion. One thing was stamped on their hearts
and their minds— freedom to all j and equal
right before the law, and that has been one of
the cardinal principles of the Republican party.
(Applause.) Washington was in favor of pro
tection; Jefferson was in favor of expansion,
and the Republican party assumed those great
principles in 1S56 and never has deserted those
great cardinal principles that have been pro
ductive of so much good. - (Applause.)
The Democratic party I has always put the
arm of labor In a sling* '.(Laughter and ap
plause.) The Democratic party has blackened
the eye of commerce. (Continued laughter.)
The Democratic party has crushed the foot of
progress. It hae put Uncle Sam to bed every
time it has had anything to do with the Gov
ernment. (Laughter and applause.) And be
sides that it seeks alliance with the vicious and
the outcast of others lands, who have no abid
ing place under the shadow of their own flag.
(Applause.) That Is the Indictment against It.
FORAKER'S TRIBUTE TO
PRESIDENT McKlNLEY
In His Nominating Speech the Ohio Statesman
Reviews the Achievements of the Nation's
.¦,... . -
for ourselvea we propose most genero/sly to go
for them. (Applause.) There could be no more
fitting place for this party to make such &
declaration than here in this magnificent city
Of Philadelphia, where the evidences abound of
the rich blessings the Republican party has
brought to the American people. Here at the
birthplace of the nation, whsre our own dec
laration of Independence was adopted and our
constitution waa framed, where Washington
and Jefferson andxHancock and Adams and
their illustrious associates wrote their immortal
work; here where center so many historic mem
ories that stir the blood and flush the cheek
and excite the sentiments of human liberty and
patriotism Is Indeed a fitting place for the party
of Lincoln and Grant and Garfield and Blalne
(applause), the party of liberty to all men, to
formally dedicate themselves to this great duty;
we are now in the mtdst of its discharge. We
could not turn back If we would and we would
not If we could. (Applause.) We are on trial
before the world and we must triumphantly
meet our responsibilities or lgnominiously fall
In the presence of mankind. These responsibili
ties speak to this convention here, and now and
command us that we choose to be our candidate
and the next President — which Is one and the
same thing— the best-fitted man for the dis
charge'of this great duty in all the republic.
(Applause.) On that point there is no differ
ence of opinion. No man In all the nation is
so well qualified for this trust as the great
leader under whom the work has been so far
conducted. He has the head; he has the heart;
he has the special knowledge and the special
experience that qualify him beyond all others.
And. Mr. Chairman, he has also the stnlnless
reputation and character and has led the blame
less life that endear him to his countrymen
and give to him their confidence, the respect,
the admiration, the love and the affection of
the whole American people. (Applause.) He Is
an ideal man.' representing the highest type of
American citizenship, an lderfl candidate and
an ideal President. With our banner in his
hands It will be carried to triumphant victory
in November ¦ next. (Applause.), In the name
of all these considerations, and not* alone on
behalf of his .beloved State of Ohio, but on be
half of every other State and Territory here
represented and In the name of all Republicans
everywhere throughout our Jurisdiction. I nomi
nate to be our next candidate for the Presi
dency William McKInley.'
h* withstood the clamor for precipitate haste
that characterizes rash men who are disposed
to rush unprepared and reckless into conflict.
With a conservatism born of greatness, with a
quality of sagacity that commands respect, and
with tran3cendant ability that challenges admi
ration, he met the issues and carefully pre
pared for the clash of arms that could be no
longer averted. In one hundred day» he or
ganized and equipped a volunteer army of 25*,
000 soldiers and with only a fraction of thi.i
army he defeated the land forces of Spain, and
destroyed her fleets without the loss to this na
tion of a war vessel and with a loss of men so
small, with results so important, that a parallel
cannot be found In ell the annals of warfare.
The military and naval power of the United
States wad thus exalted before the nations of
the earth, and the name of William McKInley
became honored and extolled by the people of
all lands. Like Abraham Lincoln, our Presi
dent has been made the target of abuse by
men who will yet. In the calmer moments of
candor, extoll his fairness, his efficiency, hta
fidelity and his greatness.
Sons of illustrious sires, who* wore the blu«
and the gray, have unitedly carried "Old
Glory" to victory. They have planted the en
sign of liberty, the flag of our Union, in the
Antilles and In the Orient, there to remain as
a covenant promise of better government to the
Inhabitants.
Mighty problems unforestalled have arisen.
They have been and are now being met in thin
period of transition, the history-making, geog
raphy-changing epoch of the world. We need a
man. we must have a man equal to the grave
responsibilities that may arise. Platforms
cannot forecast policies for unforeseen emer
gencies. s
Ood give us men! A time like this demands
strong minds, great hearts, true faith and
ready hands — tail men. sun-crowned, who Hv»
above the foer in public and in private thinking.
This convention has named such a man. I
therefore take great pleasure In seconding the
nomination of him who stands before the world
a clear-headed, clean-handed, strong-hearted
patriot, statesman and hero, a typical Ameri
can, a Christian gentleman— William McKInley.
Boll of States Called.
The restive listeners broke In with
many demonstrations and calls of "vote"
and Chairman Lodge was kept busy with
his gavel trying to maintain sufficient or
der for the speaker to be heard. As he
closed the convention again' demanded a
vote and the chairman announced that
the roll of States would be called for the
vote on nomination for President. At 12:37
the vote began.
IHirtng the call of States for the vote on
the Presidential candidate the galleries
were noticeably attentive and there was
no unusual demonstration among the del
egates until New York's vote waa an
nounced by Chairman Od,ell. This brought
out a roend of applause. When Penn
sylvania's vote was announced by Sena
tor Quay many of the delegations arose
and cheered.
Some of the States were not content
with casting their votes for MeKlnley.
but the chairman announced the vote
which the candidate would receive In No
vember.. When Hawaii was called the del
egates stood up and cheered the an
nouncement of Its vote of two for Mc-
Kinley.
The secretary hurriedly made the sum
mary and handed it to the -chairman.
Senator Lodge took the paper and ad
vancing to the front of the stage said:
i "The total vote cast is 330. "William Mc-
KInley has received 930. votes. It Is a
unanimous vote and the chairman an
nounces William McKInley as your can
didate for President for the term begin
ning March 4. 1901."
Again pandemonium broke loose in oaa
swelling cheer of enthusiasm for the can
didate. Up went the plumes and stand
ards. Up stood the great audience, men
and women mingling their shouts In the
frantic demonstration. The band played
"Rally Round the Flag." and the Ham
ilton Club of Chicago marched down the
aisle, preceded by New York and followed
by Pennsylvania.
The huge counterfeit of an elephant,
emblem of Republican strength, waa
brought into the hall. Around Its seek
PHILADELPHIA* June 21.-In nom
inating William McKInley for the
Presidency Senator Foraker - ad-'
dressed the Republican National
Convention as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: Alabama yields to Ohio, and I thank Ala-;
bama fer that accommodation. Alabama has
so yielded, however, by reason of a fact that
would seem In an important sense to make the
duty that has , been . assigned to me a super
fluous duty,, for Alabama has yielded because of
the fact. that our candidate for the Presidency
has in fact been, already nominated. ; (Ap
plause.)- -He was; nominated by -the; distin
guished- Senator -from Colorado when' he as
sumed the duties of temporary chairman.' He
was nominated again yesterday by the distin
guished Senator from Massachusetts when he
took the office of permanent chairman and he
was nominated for a third time when the Sen
ator from Indiana yesterday read us the plat
form.: (Applause.) And not only has he, been
thus nominated by. this convention, but he has
also been nominated by ' the whole American
people. (Applause.) From one end of this land
to the other, "In every mind, only one and the
'same man Is thought of for the honor which we
are now about to confer and that -man Is the
choice of every man who wishes success in the
country. (Applause.) Upon this account it is
indeed not necessary for me or any one else to
epeak for him here or elsewhere; he has already
spoken for himself. (Applause.) v
BRIIiLIANT ACHIEVEMENTS.
And to all» the world has a record replete
with : brilliant •' achievements. (Applause.) A
record ..that bespeaks at once both his perfec
tions and his highest eulogies. It comprehends
both peace and war and constitutes the most
striking illustration of, the inspiring fidelity
and success in the discharge of public ; duty.
Four years ago the American people confided
to 'him 'their highest and most: sacred -trust.
With what results? He found the. industries of
the ' country : paralyzed - and prostrated; he
quickened them \ with a new ; life that ¦ has
brought" to' the American people .a-- prosperity
unprecedented in all their history. He found
the ' labor " of the 5 country everywhere idle; : he
has given ft everywhere employment. He found
If everywhere in despair; he has made It every-
The American namo' commands greater sig
nificance now. Our flag has new glory; it not
only symbolizes human liberty and political
equality • at home, but It means freedom ¦ and
independence. for, the long-suffering patriots of
Cuba and complete protection, education en
lightenment, uplifting " and ultimate . self-gov
ernment and enjoyment of all the blessings of
liberty to the millions of .Porto Rlcoand the
Philippines. What ha« bnnio gloriously done-
NEW GLORY FOB THE FLAG.
Mr. Chairman, we are not surprised by this,
for we anticipated It all. When we nominated
him at St. Louis four years ago we knew he
was wise, 1 - we knew he was brave, we knew he
was patient, we knew he would be faithful and
devoted and we- knew • that th« greatest pos
sible triumphs of peace would be his: but we
then little knew that he would be called upon
also to: encounter the trials of war. That un
usual emergency came unexpectedly, as wars
generally come. It came In spite of all he
could honorably do to avert It. . It came to find
the country unprepared for it. but found him
equal* to all emergencies (applause), and It Is
no exaggeration . to say that In all American
history there is no chapter more brilliant than
that which closes with him our commander in
chief, our hero on land, and sea.' (Applause.)
In one hundred days -we drove Spain from the
western hemisphere, girded. the earth with out
acquisitions and filled the world with the splen
dor, of our. power. (Applause.)
With a diplomacy never excelled and rarely
equaled, he has overcome what at the time
seemed to be Insurmountable difficulties and
has not only opened. to us the door of China,
but he has advanced, our interests in every,
land. ¦. - ¦ . .*
TTKTEXCELLED DIPLOMACY.
where prosperous and buoyant with hope. He
found the mills and shops and factories and
mines everywhere closed; they are now every
where open. (Applause.). And while we are
here deliberating, they are sending their surplus
production to the very ends of the earth. Un
der his wise culdance our financial standard
has been firmly planted high above and beyond
assault; and- the wild cry of 16 to 1, so full of
terror and long hair in 1S96, has been put to
everlasting sleep alongside of the lost cause and
other cherished Democratic heresies in the cat
acombs of American politics. (Applause.)
I fare and honor he has so Jealously guarded
I and maintained is as certain as the rieins of
1 the morning sun.
I cannot, dare not, stand longer between this
convention and Its will. You are the dele
gates of the people. You represent their wish
as it is soon to be unanimously recorded. Of
the outcome of the conteet that Is to follow
we hr.ve no lingerinu doubt, for we trust the
intelligence of the American people and we
believe in the justice of Almighty God.
Other candidates of other parties will seek the
public confidence and the popular vote. Hawks
and buzzards sometimes soar aloft until they
cheat the human vision to believe them eagles;
but the eagle calmly circles high above them'
all. the one sole peerless monarch of the snow
capped r>eaks and the empyrean blue. So, in
the realm of statesmanship of the. United
States. William McKInley stands above all, the
worthy successor of Washington, Lincoln. Grant
and Garfield. Our President, now our Presi
dent-to-be, William McKInley of«Ohk>.
South's Tribute to i&Icftinley.
Senator Lodge then recognized John W.
Yerkes of Kentucky, who arose to also
second the nomination on behalf of the
South. He asserted that no convention
had ever been so unanimous for a man
as was this for McKInley. His State had
for th«» first time in many yeaj-s a Repub
lican Majority for McKinley in 1896 and it
was going to stay in the Republican col
umn, and the eudience cheered him. Mr.
Yerkes is a straight and tall Kentuckian
with a strong- voice and his speech was
heard all over the hall. Ho said:
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Delegates: The
supreme thought in my mind at this moment is
what remains to be said that ought to be said
and that In time of danger one's thought
naturally turn to his home. I recall that in
the historic • Philadelphia convention of 1S56
liberty-loving men from my State sat as dele
gates in that body. In contrast with this im
mense audience in this huge hall, with Its
splendor of decorations and its superb equip
ment, that gathering would seem to be of small
lmiwrt. but in devotion to freedom, intensity
and in force of utterance. In eternal results
that assemblage has no peer In the history of
conventions. Forty years after th« "conven
tion adjourned Kentucky, for the flrst time
gave her electoral vote to a Republican Presl
tial candidate. Major William McKinley. Rec
ognized as a citadel of Democracy, she had
capitulated to the Republicans in the noted
State campaign of 1595. She was Republican
in 1896, is Republ^an to-day (applause) and
as such seconds this nomination. It would be
gentlemen, but a.fittlng tribute to our Presi
dent and to the Industrial, diplomatic and mar
tial victories of Ma administration if every
State placed the stamp of its approval upon
his course of /conduct; and if opportunity were
given there would Join in this majestic chorus
of national indorsement voices coming
across the waters frcm our new to our old
shores; voices coming from our Insular posses
sions to this venerable city, where a nation was
born consecrated to liberty, to freedom and to
Independence. There is no more fitting place
for this universal chorus to sound forth than
in this old-time city. Now, gentlemen, these
voices that, would come from abroad would
ring at every home from which for the first
time the flag of freedom floats, and that by
the orders of our President.
Liberation of Political Serfs.
Furthermore to-day they are linked to our
progress and to our destiny and therein stable
government, domestic tranquillity and Chris
tian civilization are assured them, ami Jusi'as.
L'.ncolrfs name sounds to the emancipated
slave and his children, so the name of Presi
dent licKlnley will be to these liberated mil
lions of political serfs. (Applause.) We believe
that with the same leadership, the same poli
cies that gave us victory in 1S96, that same
winning will be repeated in 1900. Then it was
a campaign of instruction, or argument, of
promise of better days, of trying to teach the
people to trust and rely on our plans and pur
poses. Now it will be a campaign in which we
will show what has been accomplished,
prophecies fulfilled and pledges redeemed; it
will be a representation of actualities, of facts.
You will have a rapid portraiture, you will
have a shifting panorama of what has passed
anil whether this comparison be made by the
speaker on. the huf kings, by the people's press,
by pamphlet, by the marvelous lines of modern
I progreFf, it will present an argument so for
cible that the minds of the people cannot
escape it. If there be left among us plain,
practical, common, everyday sense, then the
I columns that followed President McKinley's
leadership four years aro will be doubled in
enthusiasm and in numbers this year. (Ap
plause.) In 1S36 we gave you an old representa
tive slave-holding State. By so doing we re
moved one charge against our party that It
was sectional. • The Ohio River was crossed;
Republicanism marched southward and this
sectional line disappeared from the map. We
will do it again. (Applause.) We will still
show the people in the North and in, the South,
and In the Cast, that Republicanism— to use
the language of our distinguished chairman
means action and is always moving forward.
A Kentucklan, a lover of my native State, be
lieving in the Integrity and honesty of-her
citizens, I have the fullest confidence in them;
I believe they will make final response to every
.argument and that response will be made at
our polls In next November in electing electors
to vote for President. McKinley's re-election.
(Applause.) • -. . -
Knight Makes. a Hit
When Mr. Yerkes Tiad concluded he was
given a salvo of-applause that echoed and
re-echoed through the great hail. As he
turned to resume his seat on the platform
Senator Hanna arose and cordially
grasped his hand. Almost instantly from
all parts of the hall came the cry, "Vote
vote, vote!" Delegates and spectators
were becoming uneasy. They wanted ac
tion, not oratory-
Disregarding a call for 'the vote Mr
-Liodge recognized George Knight, head of
the California delegation. As he appeared
upon the platform and addressed the con
vention his first sentence," ringing through
the great building like a trumpet-call,
caught the fancy of the assemblage and
he was cheered enthusiastically: His
humorous and pungent arraignment of the
Democratic party, for its attitude upon
national questions provoked .frequent
laughter. Said ho: ES83I3
We all know what the Democratic party is.
We all know .4 what the Democratic party was.
We : all ; kno v * what . the ' Democratlo party" will
be until - the crack of doom. . ( Applviso , and
laughter.) I believe that It baa often been said
the bloody insurrectionary oligarchy have
ta.u;rht their foolieh dupes a.broad to believe
that if the rebellion is kept alive until next
November Democratic success at the polls here
v.-ill be followed by the abandonment of the
island* — that means the abandonment to sav
ages who would scramble for what we desert
until forae powerful civilized nation stepped in
to do what we would have shown, ourselves un
£t to perform.
Our Eucc-ss In November means peace In the
iFlands; the success of our opponents an in
drnniie prolor.g2.tlon of misery and bloodshed.
We cf this convention now renomlnate the
man whose name is a guaranty against such
disaster. When we place William McKInley as
our candidate before the people we replace the
Itepublicaa party on record a* standing for the
performance which squares with prom
ises, as Ftanding for the redemption
In admlnFtration and legislation of
I. ledges made in the platform and on the
jftuirp, as standing to the upbuilding of the
national honor' ar.d. , interest abroad^ and ihe
cotitinuan'v? at' horat of the prosperity which
has already been brought to the farm and the
workshop.
We stanJ on the threshold of a. new century —
a century bis; with the fate of the preat nations
of the earth. It r^rts with us now to deride
whether :n the opening year of that century
we shall march forward to fresh triumphs, or
•whether at the outset we shall deliberately
cripp'-e ourselves for the contest. Is America
a weakling, to shrink froa the world work that
nrast be done by the world powers? No. The
young plant <tf the West stands en a continent
stt} clasps the crept of an ocean in either haxid.
Our nation, plorftus in youth and strength,
S-xikB into the Tuture with fearless and eager
eyes, and rejoices as a. Etran* man to run a
ra<^e.
We do not stand in' craven mood, asklntr to
b? spared the task, cringing as we gaze on the
contest. Xo. We challpng-e the proud privilege
at Actag this work that Providence allows us
*rid we fax* the eomlnr years high of heart and
resolute of faith that to our people is given
the right to win such honor and renown as has
never yet been granted to the peoples of rnan
hinJ.
The sentences were delivered in a man
ner that denoted a careful study of each
word. Ills argumentative style kept the
audience en rapport with him. for he was
driven the closest attention by the vast
audience — in fact very much more atten
tion than had any other speaker.
When he declared with brilliant em
phasis that the fuccofs of the Republican
party in November meant peace in the
Philippines, while the success of the op
position meant a prolongation of the
fctrugule, the delegates and spectators
arofe almost as one man and cheered.
The closing words of the Governor
liroupht another demonstration and for a
minute it seemed that the convention
would go mad and then and there make
two nominations instead of«one. Plumes
•went up and standards nerain left their
pockets to be waved on histi- As the Gov
ernor 'eft the platform he waved a salu
tation to the moving throngs and one in
particular toward the radiant face of his
wife, sitting just outside the area of dele
gates.
Thurstcn Lauds the President.
Gradually the convention became quiet
end the "chairman recognized Senator
Thurston for a speech in seconding the
nomination of the President. The Sena
tor's deep, organlike barytone reverber
ated through the structure, easily distin
guishable in the remotest corner. I^e pic
t ured the President as a soldier on many
hard-foufcht fields, as a statesman in the
halls of Congress and as President, direct
ing the destinies of a nation— "our Presi
dent now, our President to be again."
Senator Thurston said:
O^ntlemen of the Convention: There are
voices to-day more powerful and eloquent than
th<~se r,t men Feconding the nomination of Wil
liam McKinley. They come from the tones*
n~d the farm the mountain and the valley, the
siJi t£^South. the East and the West.
Thfv *>re the voices of happy homes, of glad
dened heart*, of buMling. tolling, striving
earnf>« r t prw^erous millions, of re-established
business re-employed Ulxr. reopened factories,
renewed" national credit ani faith.
In a» the whole broad land e\-ery furnace
flre that roars, every spindle that sings, every
Trh'stle that blows, every mountain torrent set
to toil every unvil that rins?, every locomo
tive that scream?, every steamship that plows
the main, every mighty wheel that turns, are
¦JJ Joining in the glad voice of prosperity, pro
frrr-i«ive ua'riotle America, seconding the nom-
JSatfm ol our great President. William Mc-
As a Soldier and Citizen.
And who is William McKinley?_ Porn"' of
the common people, struggling up through the
wn-ironmer.us of humble boyhood and toil he
«tande to-day before the wcrld the foremost
representative of all that Is roost glorious and
prand in our uplifted civilization "tt ho is
Willintn McKInley? A ooldter citizen of the
republic; a boy knighted by his country s com
miVtrton for daring deeds In the forefront or
deroerate battle. ills alma, mater was the
tcntod field, his diploma of valor bore tae
came signature as did the emancipation procla-
When. Sheridan, summoned by the mighty
roar of doubtful battles, rode madly down- from
Vinrhester and drew nigh to the shattered and
r'trfatlng columns of his army, the first man
he met to know was a young lieutenant en
raged In the desperate work of rallying and
re-forming the Ur.lcn lines, ready for the com
ing of the master whose presence and genius
alcne could wrest victory from defeat. That
young lieutenant of the Sbenandoah has been
rallying and forming the Union lines from that
day to thin. He rallied and formed them for
protection of American labor; he rallied and
formed them to m^ntaln the, credit of our
country and the monetary standard of the civ
ilized world. He rallied them in the exeat
ftruPKle of humanity and Bent the power of ,
the republic to the island? of the sea, that
a eunYrinc people might be lifted from the
depth* of tyranny and oppression. He rallied
and fonnwf them, that our navies might
astound the world and make our flag respedted
In til the er.rth. He rallied and formed them
thr-.t law and order might prevail and prop
'¦rty and life and liberty be secure where the
banner of the republic waves in sovereignty
over our new possessions. • .
KI8 name in • on every tongue, his Jove -In
eveo' heart; lame secure In all time to come,
oad his re-election by tie people whosa wel-
Continued From Second Page.
PANDEMONIUM UNLOOSED
IN THE CONVENTION HALL
PHILADELPHIA, June 2L— The national commutes met in the rooms back of
the convention hall Immediately after the adjournment of the convention.
As soon as the committee assembled Senator Hanna was nominated and re
elected chairman for the next four years. In accepting the nomination he
made a short speech, in which he thanked the old members of the
tce, who had stood by him In the campaign of 1S38, and said that m taking
the position for ariother four years, and especially for the coming: campaign, he
did so -with the distinct understanding that every member of the national com
mittee would stand by h:m and work loyally for the success of the ticket which
had been nominated to-day.
Colonel IDick of Ohio was elected temporary secretary- The chairman was
authorized to foelect from the members of the national committee an executive
campaign committee, and the committee then adjourned subject to the call of the
chairman.
Chairman Hanna left soon afterward for Mr. Griscom's Haverford home. He
wM leave for Cle'veland In a few days. He said he would take his time In making
selections for the executive committee. The headquarters of the national commit
tee will be established at Chicago and New York, as in the campaign of 1896. Mr.
Hanna fdd that his personal headquarters would be wherever he deemed it most
expedient for the success of the party.
Chairman Hanna to-night announced the names of the five members of the new
executive committee of the national committee, as follows: Henry C. Payne of
Wisconsin, Joseph Manley of Maine. N. B. Scott of West Virginia, Harry D. New
of Indiana and George L. Shoup of Idaho.
It is«expected that the committee to inform President McKinley of his nomina
tion will perform its duty at Canton, Ohio, on July 12.
From Headquarters in New York
and Chicago Campaign Mana
gers Will Direct the Fight Against
the Followers of Bryan.
New National Committee Organ
, izes and Elects Senator Hanna
as Its Presiding Officer for the
Ensuing Four Years' Term.
WHEN McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT ARE NOMINATED
. . , * ¦ - i >. ¦ - . ¦ ¦ . . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO > CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1900.
Contiued on Fifth Page.
en the "lips. •
The: change from ' a . debt-paying to a debt
making policy I revealed .the • utter Inability of
Democracy.; to -meet 'and master great economic
and; financial problems. Four years ago this
country, was filled with alarm and , forebodings
of evil prevailed. The Democrats ' nominated
W. "J. Bryan. The Republican party, true to
its "tenets, "was guided' by 5 the same ¦ lofty
pntrlotipm by. which it .was "Inspired when, < in
I860, It ; chose « as Us leader ; that matchless
genius, the Immortal Lincoln— Lincoln, the
brave -and generous-hearted man who piloted
the: nation: through the -dark .night of bitter
strife into- the sunlight of .tranquillity;' so in
18Sfi " It • chose that • brave soldier, - patriot anil
statesman, 'Major William McKInley.:
' - In • prophetic parlance he was designated ¦ as
the : '.'advance ¦ agent ; of s prosperity. " . He i pro
claimed the, wisdom of opening the shops, mills
and factories to ; labor instead: of; opening our
mints to the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver.; In.' full .faith *and confidence -the people
turned t to i him t as the •¦ magnetic ¦ needle turns
to the 'pole." He. was triumphant, and, with the
beginning of his administration came the dawn
of a brighter, day, : The sun of prosperity, awoke
the slumbering industries. The whir of wheels,
of the tariff law,' which ' ; bears i his honored
name. The anathemas of the Democratic party
were ' showered upon ¦ that law, • and . from the
same i source 'came ; direful prophecies . that ca
lamity would: follow Its adoption. - On the con
trary however,' 1 the-, wisdom ; of that s measure
was 'speedily proclaimed I through I flaming fur
naces "and forges | which I Illuminated I the j night
and by new industries and expanded markets.
It made the closing year of GeneraJ Harrison's
Illustrious '¦ administration , the 'climax; of , na
tional prosperity achieved up to that period.
The : Induction of the : Democratic " r party > into
power In 1893 brought In* its train : ruined | mar
kets declining values, diminishing exports'." Idle
rncn and a general shrinkage of production.'- In
lieu '¦ of the < promised ; better - times the i result*
were loss of confidence, distress and disaster—
a dismal 'heritage of Democratic •' incapacity.'
Idle mills,' ¦ shops, < foundries ' and factories I con
demned, through the eloquence of their silence,'
the party; that i should have : proved recreant to
the trust reposed In It by. a misguided majority.'
The alluring promises ' made ¦; to . the farmers by,
Democratic '. orators . were ; as ¦, deceptive as • the
mirage' of the desert, \whlch lures to destruction,'
or as the Dead Sea ' apple ' that turns , to ' ashes
the hum of spindle, the clanging of hammers,
the sound of reapers, echoed the song of
labor's rejoicing.' The magic wand of pros
perity touched farm and factory and brought
smiling plenty to the home ot toilers through
out the length ana breadth of the land. iThe
finger of progress that had been turned back
ward on the dial of time by Democratic ln
competency and misrule once more moved for
ward under the inspiring guidance of President
McKInley. An annual Increase of $40,000,000 In
our export trade, with the unprecedented two
billion dollar mark - in foreien commerce
reached and passed, are the economic truth*,
a part of history that commends with mightier
force than the tongue of eloquence the splen
did administration of this Just and far-seeinc
statesman. Sound financial legislation has In
creased the volume and established the value of
War Issues Bravely M«t.
3PROHIBITIONISTS TO
MEET AT CHICAGO
CHICAGO, June 21.— Preparations for
the National ' Prohibition Convention to be
WILL SWEEP THE COUNTRY.
r\UBU0UE, Iowa. June 21.— Speaker Henderson said to-night:
"McKinley and Roosevelt will sweep the country. They^rep
resent the patriotism of two wars and will be enthusiastically
followed by the soldiers of each Above all they represent in
tegrity of the highest order and deep devotion to their country."
any real enthusiasm and that method of
depreciation Is to be persisted in by the
yellow boys.
There was no great contest In this con
vention to arouse the wrath and the sen
timent that vents itself in excessive noise.
There was a steadfast determination to
g o ahead and do business as the boys say
in the great national game— "play ball."
Nebraska, Kentucky, Indiana and Cali
fornia in turn seconded the nomination of
William McKinley. It was a treat to hear
• >-„ .. n -,.,!«„,-¦-,• .-,!„„ ~r v;,-. r r,» .... "!•>,.,_,.,„.,
of Nebraska playing like a great organ In
the vast auditorium. In all the speeches
there was evidence of the intense Ameri
canism that Inspires the Republican party
— the absolute association of tne party,
not only with the grandest deeds but the
greatest dreams of the American people,
.tumor tor Iowa.
The State of Iowa, owing to tne great
prominence of Representative Dolliver as
a. candidate for the Vice Presidency, had
the honor to nominate Governor Roose
velt for that high ottlce. The speakers
in behalf of the nomination of Roosevelt
had the hearty sympathy of the people,
and greeted all that was said with every
evidence of appreciation. The subject of
these eulogies remained impassive in his
seat, his eyeglasses twinkling and his eyes
flashing nre through them, but It can
hardly be said that he manifested any dis
pleasure.
There was a great shout of delight when
Senator Depew was taking the platform
to fcpeak In behalf of the Governor of New
York. His speech was a feature of the
proceedings of the convention that will
not be forgotten. He had all the tact and
wit, anfl the charm and force and daring
of expression that distinguishes his ora
tory.
It, was a surprise to find how easily his
voice filled the enormous hall. The dis
tinctness of his words carried them far.
After he had been speaking at some
length, and was about to close as a turn
In his remarks told the audience, he was
greeted by a thousand voices with cries
of "Go on. go on." It was the greatest
possible compliment to him. Nobody else
had been asked to do anything of the
Local Republicans, Representing the
State, Send Messages j of Con
gratulation to McKlnley
and Roosevelt.
When the news of the nomination of Mc-
Klnley and Roosevelt was received In this
city enthusiasm reigned among Republi
cans. Arrangements were hastened for
the big ratification meeting, and the fol
lowing dispatches of congratulation were
at once sent to the standard-bearers:
SAN FRANCISCO. June 21, 1900.
To Hon. William McKinley, Executive
Mansion, Washington, D. C— From their
heart of hearts the Republicans of Cali-t
fornia, one and all, send you most enthu
siastic greeting and. congratulation, and
assure you of their undying loyalty and.
undivided support in the coming cam
paign. No American statesman has ever
taken firmer hold on our affections. Your
name to us is a bugle call to which we will,
respond in November with a vote that will'
show the depth of. our feeling and our ap
preciation of the unequaled glory your ad
ministration has shed on the nation and
the party. GEORGE STONE,
Chairman Republican State Central Com
mittee of California,
WILLIAM M. CUTTER, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 21. 1900.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Hotel Walton,
Philadelphia, Pa.— The Republicans of the
Golden State enthusiastically Indorse the
nomination of the gallant'soldier-states
man for Vice President and congratulate
the people of the nation thereon. The
sum of our political happiness is com
plete. GEORGE STONE,-
Chairman Republican State Central Com
mittee of California.
WILLIAM M. CUTTER,- Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 21 1 1900.'
To Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Hotel Wal
ton. Philadelphia. Pa. — The league sends
warmest greeting to you and congratula
tions to the Republican party.- We never
seriously doubted our success, and are
now sure. California Is rejoicing;
GEORGE STONE,
President National Republican League.
SAN FRANCISCOr June 21. 1900.
The President, Executive. Mansion,
Washington, D. . C— The Union League
Club of San Francisco sends greetings and
heartily Joins in congratulations. Republi
can success assured by your nomination. •
A. G. BOOTH, President.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 21, 1900.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt. Albany, N. Y.
The Union L.eague Club of San Francis
co heartily, congratulates you upon your
nomination. Success assured. .'
A. G. BOOTH. President
TELEGRAMS OF GOOD
WILL TO THE NOMINEES
clently extravagant for the j purposes of
making deep impression, and standing
forth as features to be boxed up as they
say In the modern makeup of our great
journals. Governor Roosevelt has been
sincere. He insisted as long as possible.
He was nominated In a way* that it would
have been Impossible for any eligible citi
zen of the United States to have declined
the compliment that was absolute, con
clusive and commanding.
EHII^ADELPHIA. June a.— The con
vention arose to Join in the prayer
of Archbishop Ryan and pro
ceeded to deal with the unfinished
businoss precisely at 11 a, m. There
were added to the spectacle of the first
and second days the fluttering In the vast
auditorium of ten thousand fans. The
air was advanced in color and brightened
the temper above former experiences.
The spectacle was stirring, splendj^ and
brilliant. Soon came the order ffer the
call of the roll of the States for placing
in nomination a candidate for President
of the United States. The candidate to
be named was an Ohio man. The clerk
to call the roll, was an Ohio man. The
Senator of the Uriitrd States to place the
president of the United States in nomina
tion for re-ejection was an Ohio man.
The clerk, Mr. John Molloy, called Ala
bama and In poetic accord rested there.
A clear voice answered from Alabama
that she "yielded" to Ohio, and Senator
Foraker, was at the front, his first words
being a handsome acknowledgment of
the courtesy of the sister State of the
South. Each sentence of the Senator
strode into the subject and step by step
the story was told of the glory of the ad
ministration of William McKinlcy. There
were thrills and flashes in the phrases of
the speaker who spoke of the struggle of
the President for peace when war was
forced upon the nation and the victories
won under the policy of the President II
peace ar.d In war.
Confidence of Triumph.
There -wsus. Senator Foraker said, "new
glory" and there was the "splendor" of
the power displayed by the country- The
promises of the Republican party made
and kept.; the prosperity that came to the
¦ people through the policy of the Presi
dent, and the warmth of personal praise
glowed in each striking Eentence of the
Senator. Intense interest was felt in the
speech and it was replete with the strik
ing characterstics of the Senator. When
he concluded there was a tempest of ap
plause and one must get back to the
halcyon days of the plumed knight to
find Bcenes of excitement eo full of emo
tion and brilliance as that when the
standards of the States were carried to
the platform, where Secretary Hay and
Senator Lodge were 6tandlng, and waved
with the confidence of triumph.
Under the banners Mr. Hanna's head
glowed like porcelain with a crimson tinge
In It, and his countenance spoke hia un
qualified approbation and pleasure. There
was a procession of the 6tandard-bearers
carrying the insignia of the sovereign
States around the spacious quadrilateral
occupied by the delegates and alternates,
and following the Stales the Territories
bringing up the rear was a flag with one
word on it, "Hawaii." The reception given
Hawaii exceeded all the rest. It was the
novelty of the occasion. It was an ad
vertisement cf our acquisitions. It was a
realization of our ambition. It was an
object lesson of what the Republican par
ty <3id that the Democratic party did not;
one of the achievements of the McKlnley
administration, one that another Republi
can administration— that of Harrison
would have accomplished If he had net
been Interfered with. It was doubtful for
a time whether the band in the gallery
was doing its duty, but presently, by keen
attention, ft was ascertained that the
brazen instruments were pouring forth the
national airs most zealously.
Wanted to Hear Roosevelt.
Repeatedly there were, after lulls, re
vivals of the shouting frenzy, during the
climaxes of which It seemed that steam
power murt be displayed. The record of
the longest pause. that Interrupted the pro
ceedings of the national convention is
forty-two minutes, and the record might
have been broken if It had not been that
the convention was under the control of a
desire to finish the business in hand, and
more than that, the next speaker was the
Governor of New York, as everybody
knew, and everybody wanted* to hear
Roosevelt, the hero of the day. the man
whose character and achievements, his
characteristics and his peculiarities, per
sonal appearance and individual make-up
had been under analysis, not in Philadel
phia alone but in every city In America,
for about a week. The solicitude to be
hold this formidable personage and hear
his voice E.nd measure what he had to say
was something extraordinary. The pre
siding oficer recognized the gentleman
from New Tork. an9 In the twinkling 1 of
an eye his sturdy figure was seen on the
platform, and first the president of the
convention and secondly the Governor of
New York attempted to still the multitude
which -was raging and roaring like the
eea. Roosevelt extended his hand as If to
still the tempest, but It continued until
curiosity to know what this
man really meant became a commanding
influence, and he was heard. He is not a
professional orator. There Is not the
twang of the golden or silver trumpet in
his utterance. He came upon the platform
with manuscript .in his hand, to which he
referred occasionally, but be never for a
moment wavered from the pursuit of the
theme he had in mind, and there did not
seem to be one word displaced. He had
an easy and masterly authority In his
tones and gestures. There were sentences
like sharp words of command. He was
full of fire and fight, and the blows he
dealt the enemy were rapid, pertinent,
heavy, determined, aggressive, his sen
tences keen and penetrating, his manner
fierce with earnestness. He was as easy
on his feet as a prize-fighter, struck out
with both arms, evidently aimed to give
a left-hand hook on the corner of the jaw
of the lurking enemy he confronted, and
was punishing.
Cheering Became Frantic
The Interest of the convention culmin
ated when he seconded the nomination on
behalf of the State of New York of Wil
liam McKinley. Then the cheering that
had followed the peroration of Foraker
was redoubled, and became frantic. At
this moment the band was wisely guided,
and there cajne swelling from the gallery
the bold, brave notes of the favorite tune,
it is said, of the Governor of New York,
"There Will Be a Hot Time in the Old
Town To-night." The enormous mass of
the populace present recognized the pro
priety of this special music and greeted it
with hosannahs of joy. After this had
been sufficiently rendered there pame the
marching song of "Old John Brown"; then
the "Red, White and Blue," and the patri
otic enthusiasm of the majestic audience
was aroused to a grand passion. Even
the brilliant boys of the Vellow Journal
did not seem to be satisfied that there was
It ¦will be unfair to criticize the conduct
of Governor Roosevelt In the strenuous
objections that he made in becoming the
candidate for the Vice Presidency . of the
Republicans. He has been repprted to
have said a great many things that he did
not say. Very often there have been in
accuracies where there were desires .to
report him correctly.- He uses language
with fine shades and meaning and the
most popular reporting: nowadays is to
put a finish of exaggeration upon • forms
of statement that do not seem to be suffl
. ¦" . .
kind; and the audience was ably repaid
for its intelligence.- - •
BY 7VYURAT HALSTEAD,
Special Correspondent of The Gall.
In All the Speeches There Was Evidence of the
Intense Americanism That Inspires the Re
publican Party — Scenes of Emotion and
Mural Halstead Sends a Most Inter
esting Story of the Manner in
Which the Next President and
Vice President VVere Nominated.
MOST THRILLING SCENES DURING THE LAST
McKINLET
Their Lives
ROOSEVELT
SoIdieV, Lawyer, Congressman,
Governor, President.
Legislator, Assistant Secretary War,
Rough Rider, Governor.
v ,.-'-•' ¦ .,'¦ , '¦', ~-X: '."-'¦¦•- ¦*¦• • . • • ¦ • w
held in" this city Wednesday and Thurs
day of next week are nearly complete/
The convention will be held in the First
Regiment . Armory. It is said • the na
tional platform, will contain planks favor
ing woman suffrage, civil service, the es
tablishment of postal savings banks and
probably qne favoring the amendment to
the Interstate commerce law asked by tht
National Millers' Association. -No- plank
will be adopted by less than- a two-thirds
vote, and the advisability of a necessary
three-fourths vote Is being considered.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT was born in New Tork
City October 27, 1S5S, and graduated from Harvard
University in his twenty-second year. He at once
began to take a hand In municipal, State and na
tional politics and has ever since been a flg-ure cf
constantly increasing Importance, He was a member of
the New York Legislature In 1SSM34. and in 1SS6 made an
unsuccessful race for the Mayoralty of New Tork City.
In 1S£> he was appointed on the Civil Service Commission
by President Harrison, and in 1S35 on the Board of Police
Commissioners by the Mayor of New York City.
Upon the formation of Pr?sld«?nt McKinley's Cabinet
in 1S97 he was offered and accepted the place of Assistant
Secretary of the Navy. This position he resigned on the
outbreak of the Spanish war In 1S3S for more active work
In the field as lieutenant colonel of the regiment of picked
men that he organized, known as the "Rough Riders."
He was made colonel of the regiment rtarin? the cam
paign In Cuba, and soon after his return to the United
States was nominated by his party for Gorernot cf New
York. He carried the State by an qrvcrwhehntng majortfy
against a strong Democratic opponent, ami from that
time has been In the eyes of his party a strong pros
pective candidate for the Vice Presidential nomination
Governor Roosevelt has been twice married, his first
wife, Miss Alice L«e of Boston, dying after two ypars
leaving him a daughter. In 1SS8 he married Miss Edith
Kermit Carow, his present wife. They have six children—
four boys and two girls.
WILLIAM McKINLET was born at Niles. Trum
bull County, Ohio, January 23, 1S43. He attended
the public schools of the county and later the
Poland Academy. In 1861, at the outbreak of
the Civil War, when but little ov*er 13 years of
age, he enlisted as a private in the Union army and
served throughout the war. rising to the rank of captain
and brevet major. After the close of the war he studied
law, and In 1867 was admitted to the bar. opening an office
for practice in Canton, Ohio, which has since been his
home.
After serving a term as Prosecuting Attorney of
Stark County he was sent to the lower house of Congress
in 1871, and continuously re-elected until 1S31. As chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee that framed the rev
enue bill of 1S90 his name was so closely associated with
that measure that It was popularly known »s the "Mc-
Kinley bill."
In 1891 he was elected Governor of Ohio on the Re
publican ticket, and in 1S93 re-elected by such an Increased
majority as to make him a most prominent candidate for
the Presidency. He received the nomination at the his
toric convention of June, 1S96. at St. Louis, and was
elected In November by a plurality of €00,000 votes over
his Democratic opponent, W. J. Bryan. He was inaug
urated as President o&-the United States March 4, 1S97,
and began an administration whlc*» i.Js party through
its representatives now unanimously It dorses'.
President McKInley's wife was Miss Saxton. daughter
of the proprietor of the Canton (Ohio) Repository, one of
the oldest newspapers in the country. She has for some
years been an Invalid and an object of the most unremit
ting care and solicitude on the part of her husband. Their
only child, a daughter, died some years ago. Mr. and
Mrs. McKlnley are earnest Christians and members of
the Methodist church.
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1900.
4
GENERAL DANIEL SICKLES.
EILLT MASON IS THERE.
PIxA-TT AND DEPEW IN CON
FERENCE AT THE WALTON
HOTEL.
ONLT A STRANGER, BUT MIS
. TAKEN FOR HANNA. >
B iJli^ ®* °d$51ues injfuits <$|^ercoat§f Ijf
E»8» kIS 4|u|iflWHSEnL _. j\| t o f+ ¦4* \\ J Cx O h C\ 111 (~\ C C3 A / \ / f^ 1"\ / flcfj'Ky
wMi liitliU iiiiilil which is sureI X a ver y sood value, because it is an actual saving WM
M^Wi WMMMMM I lWOi^a to you. There is not a single criticism to make against the clothes— 1^4^
Ppl ififlfll | ffllSfil our reason for reducin g the Prices means nothing to you as regards the Wb§
WM Wm flwi milllllMmmm suits themselves— you want only one suit— we must have dozens of |l'Js
W'B illfPli P S ffiffiliw SiZSS in GVery pattern or we sel1 them right away ar red uctions. Mm
Ysm single and double breasted styles; the overcoats are kerseys, coverts Rtf
li^Pl IS! -~ browns and g r ays, in checks, stripes and herringbone's; suits are a!l wool, silk P^\3
WS& LnTmake them'ln'to w^^The 1 ''k' 3^ 0 ™ shape after washing iand }jl*||
tsa^lll! remnants would be a waste if we di i Tho,, or^ f n ,, f 1 11 If f^K^I
mjftgA not us4 them, so we only charge Scratch Hats— l "ey are tully worth the i jji VW'J
p|£?JH you for the making. . You get a 50: brown ¦ price we ask: I ij tKaiser's Yacht Wins.
BERLIN. June 21. — Emperor William's
yacht Meteor won the big Hamburg prize
in the Lower Elbe regatta to-day.
London Press Comment.
LONDON, June 22.— The morning papers
addressed a big ratification meeting here
to-night. Republicans are enthusiastic.
SACRAMENTO. June 21.— There was a
big otitpouring of Republicans at the old
pavilion :o-nipht to ratify the nomina
tions of McKiniey and Roosevelt. The
large hall was crowded and the meeting
was very enthusiastic. Hon. Grove L.
Johnson. C. M. Shortridge. C. I. Jones
and others addressed the gathering.
MAY RESIGN
GOVERNORSHIP
Such flctjon by Roosevelt
Would Aid Woodruffs
Chances.
NETV YORK, June 21.— Governor Roose
velt arrived in Jersey City at 8:20 p. m.,
and taking a cab, was driven to the Union
League Club In this city, where he will
spend the night. To-morrow he will go
to Oyster Bay for a rest.
It was said that Governor Roosevelt
might, 5n view of his candidacy, consider
It necessary to resign the Governorship
and allow Mr. "Woodruff to succeed him.
Governor Roosevelt said he had not given
such a thing a single thought as yet. If
he should resign it will put Mr. Woodruff
in such a position that he would be the
logical candidate for Governor.
Arizona— John "W. Dorrinsrton.
Indian Territory— P. JU Soper.
New Mexico— W. A. Otero.
Oklahoma— W. J.' French.
District of Columbia— W. C. Chase.
Hawaii— S. Parker.
The following: Islthe committee to notify
the nominee for \ Ice President:
Alabama— N. H. Alexander. ?
Arkansas— S. N. Duke.
California— Georee C. Pardee.
Colorado— John B. Thomson. ;
Connecticut— A. J. Slor>er.
Delaware— Alvin G. Conner.
Florida — John I F. Horr.
Georgia— E. N. Clemence.
Idaho— George N. Shoup.
Illinois— J.. H. Rowel!.
Indiana— Charles H. Hernley.
Kansas^-James T. Bradlev.
Kentucky— William J. Deboe.
Louisiana— John W. Cocke.
Maine— Albert Pierce. . -
Maryland— James T. Bradford.
Massachusetts— George N. Swallow. .
Mlchiean— W. E. Parnell.
Minnesota— J. H. Echlund.
Misslssimt— W. E. Mask.
Missouri— Walter S. Dickey.
Montana— David E. Folsom.
Nebraska— E. A. Laverty.
Nevada— T. L. Flaniran.
Xew Hampshire — Albert Wallace.
New Jersey— William Barbour.
Xew York— Francis V. Greene.
North Carolina— Thomas S. Collins.
North Dakota— H. C. Plumley.
Ohio— Georye S. RoUina."'^t^t
Oreeon — Thomas McEwan.
Pennsylvania— John H. Mardocfc.
Rhode Island— I.uclus B. Dartliut.
South Carolina— J. F. Ensor.
South Dakota— Emtl Brauch.
Tennessee— Frank S. Elgin.
Texas— C. M. Ferguson.
Vermont— E. M. Vartlett.
Vlrrlnla— C. G. Smlthera.
Washington — Levl Ankeny. •
West Virginia— John D. Rlgg.
Wisconsin— J.C. Reynolds.
JVyomlnr — Georre H. Goble.
Alaska— W. D. Grant.
Arizona — Charles R. Drake.
Indian Territory— Dr. P. L. Williams. ,-
New Mexico— S. 'O. Romero.
Oklahoma— J. H. Prlnrey.
District of Columbia — J. E. "Jones.
Hawaii— A. X. Heoko.kle.
NOMINEES CHEERED
IN COAST CITIES
Guqs firzd. Whistles Blown
and Ratification Meetings
Were Held
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAELi", June 21.— The - Republi
cans of this -city held a rousing ratifica
tion meeting In the open air at tho corner,
of Fourth and C streets to-night. The)
meeting was called to order by W. I*
Dreypolcher, who congratulated his "fel
low-Republicans on the ' strength of the
ticket nominated by the Philadelphia con
vention to-day.
- Ex-District" Attorney E. B. Martinelll
made a speech, dwelling on the prosperity
of . the country ¦¦ and ¦ the . wisdom • of the
nominations. - Thomas P. .Boyd followed
with an extended speech, and the meeting
adjourned with many cheers for % McKln
leyand Roosevelt. .
¦ MERCED.' Jane 21.— The nomination of
McKiniey and . Roosevelt is received here
with great; enthusiasm' to-night. Cannon
are booming and Republicans have high
hopes of carrying this county in Novem
ber. "¦-'¦:¦ " - ¦ - - --¦¦¦¦
. SUTTER CREEK, June 21.— When the
news came to-day of McKInley and Roose
velt's nomination ' all mine whistles
in this vicinity-were blown and riant pow
der fired. r>.- E: McKinlay of San Fran
clsco and Senator J. F. Davis of Jackson
make but brief references to the renom
ination of MeKinley. The Daily Express.
whlcB goes more fully into the subject
than the others, discusses the relative
chances of Mr. McKiniey and Mr. Bryaa
and concludes that th'jre will be a closer
fight this year than in 1SD6.
• ¦ i
NOMINATIONS
PLEASE PLATT
Declares Roosevelt Is CcrtaiQ
of Carrying New Yorl^
State.*
NETV YORK, June £L— Senator Thomas
C. Platt ' was seen ai the Fifth Avenus
Hotel to-night and asked what hs thought
of the ticket nominated by the Republi
can National Convention at Philadelphia
to-day.
"It Is a very good ticket," he replied.
"Roosevelt will make a very good run.
I have gTave doubts whether he would
carry Xew York if" he ran for Governor,
but there is no doubt he will carry the
State as a candidate for Vice President.
He certainly makes a better candidate
for Vice President than for Governor."
were entwined garlands of flowers.
Laughter ar.d applause were mingled as
the gTeat emblem was borne about. The
demonstration in honor of the President's
nomination lasted five minutes and then
the chairman called for order for the
further event in store.
Mr. Lodg'e warned the noisy and dem
onstrative throngs that there was still
vital business to be done and announced
that the call of States would proceed for
the nomination of Vice President.
Iowa Nominates Roosevelt,
As the name of Alabama was called on
the ro!I of States for the nomination of
Vice President the announcement was
made by the chairman that Alabama
would yield to Iowa to present a candi
date. Chairman Lodge tnen recognized
Colonel Lafe Young-, one of the Iowa del
egates at large and editor of the Des
lloines dowa( Capital.
Colonel Young swung down the main
aisle to the platform to do that ¦which
a. single orator never before did in a Re
publican National Convention — withdraw
one strong and magnetic man as a candi
date and present the name-cf another for
tlie second office in the gift of the Amer
ican people. / He withdrew the name of
Dollivcr and offered that of Roosevelt.
Gentlemen of the Convention: I have listened
with ' profound interest to the numerous indict
ments pronounced against the Democratic party
and at an impartial reader of history, I am
compelled to confes-s that the indictments are
all only too true. If I am to Judge, however, by
theenthtaptiem ot this feour, the Republican re
iief committee sent. out four years ago. to carrr
F*'|^fT*f and raccor to the prostrate Industries
t,i our republic has returrieu to rr.ake formal
report that the duty has been discharged. I
could adJ notisixig to this indictment, except to
bay th^t this unfortunate party through four
jetrs cf legislative and administrati\-e control
had cade it up to 1S36 impossible for an hen
est man to get into debt or to get out of it.
• :...... er ¦• : i Hut. my fellow citizens, you krow
try purpose; you know the heart of the con
vention. The country never c&lled for patri
otic Bon* from ar.y given family, but more were
effered than there was room for enlistment.
V.'h«a thi* convention and this great party
called for a candidate for Vice President two
voices responded — one from the Mississippi
Valley by birth, another by loving affection and
adoption. It is my mission, representing that
part of th? rreat Louisiana purchase, to wlth-
Craw one of the*e sons ar.d to suggest that the
Cuty be placed upon the other.
Withdraws Dolliver's Name.
I therefore withdraw the name of Jonathan
Tjolllver of Iowa, a maji bom with the thrill
or the Lincoln and Fremont campaigns In his
heart and with the i>ower to stir the hearts
tnd conscience of nen as part of hl» birth
rigrht. We turn to th!.« ether son of the gr»»at
Middle West and at this moment recall that
two years ago to-day as many nr»n as there
are men and women in this gi-eat hall were on
board irsne;x>rts lying off Santiago Harber in
full view of the Island, with Moro castle loom
ing up en the right and another prominence on
the leiu with the opening of the channel be
twf-en. On beard thes>? transports were 20,000
•oWiers that had gone away from our shores
to !ii*>raf? another race; to fulfill, no obliga
tion but that of humanity.
As campaign followers, there were those who
witnessed the rr^at spectacle of that fleet and
on • the ship Yucatan was that famous regi
ment of Rough Riders of the Far West and the
Mississippi Valley. (Applause.) In command
cf that regiment was that fearless young
American student, scholar, plainsman, review
er, historian, statesman, soldier, of the Middle
West by adoption, cf New York by birth. That
fleet sailing around the point coming to the
place of landing etood off the harbor two years
ago t6-morrow. and the navy bembarrted the
rhore to make & place for landing and no man
who lives who was In that campaign ai an
etneer. as a soldier, or as a camp follower, can
fail to recall th« spectacle, and if he closes his
eye* he «r<>s the awful scenes la that campaign
in June and July, 1S3S. Then the landing bril
liantly completed, there were th-se who etood
::;¦ r. the fhore -and saw those Indomitable men
lar.d. landing- In enia.ll boats through th«»
waves that dash aralnct the shore; landing
m-Hhout harbor, but land they did with their
neenutermests en their weapons by their sides.
Arwl those who ftood upon that shore and saw
thow r.en come on thought they could see In
tfcelr face. "Stra-nrer. can you tell me the
nearest read to Sar.tiege."
• Tribute to American Soldier.
There is not under any «un or in any clime
crsy man or government that dares to insult
tne flag of the United fState*. We are greater
en3 broader people on account of these achieve
ments. Uncle Sam has been made a cosmo
;.:r.-i-? citizen , of thr world. No one
tr^fstion* his prowrsa or his bravery as the
rtnuit <if these carrpaigns and as the result of
th" American spirit, my fellow citizens, the
American maklier. ten thousand miles away
frr.m hi* home with a musket in his hands.
koj« to th«? aggressor, to those who are In favor
of tyranny: "Halt! Who comes ther»?" and
the same spirit says to the l>»!eaguer<M hosts
M liberty: "Hold the fort, for I am coming."
Thu* *ays th» «pirlt of Americans. Now, gent
tlerr.rn. I j>'.ac+ before you the nami* of this
<Jii r :lneiii«h* i 'i leader of Republicanism In the
rr.K«-<l States, thle leader of the afplratlons of
the p>^>i>I* -'who** hearts are riffht and this
!«-a<5«T of the inspirations of ths younc men of
tfcl* rnuntry- Their hearts ami consciences are
with thlK young leader whom 1 rhall name for
the Vice" Presidency of the United Ktates.
Tha.vlnrp Roo*evelX of Xew York."
Colon* I Young was in Cuba at the time
r$oos--veit !cd his gaHant Rough Riders up
Kan Juan hill and his reference to the
Gcvrrnor'6 campaign was eloquent and
touching.
Crowd Vents Its Enthusiasm.
The demonftration which followed the
announcement by Colonel Young of Gov
ernor Roosevelt as the candidate of the
youn? xn<»n of th*> country, who repr'*
p*?nted their desires and ambition* and
embodied their patriotism and American
ism, was not second to that accorded to
the President's name. The .vast assrm-
Ji'.age spranc- to its feet and State cm
llms. pampas pliitjes. handkerchiefs and
bats fairly Mled tfe air. The band In
the main gallery began to play "There'll
lie a. Hot Time in the Old Town To-night"
and to th* inspiring strains <lcleeatos.be
gaij marching around the hall, fiiinj; past
Governor Rnoscvelt as he sat in the N»w
York delegation and extending to him
their congratulations. -
In the procession which filed pa.«=t
Roosevelt was one woman from the. Utah
(Mt^iitton who presented him with a bl£
bunch "of roses, for which Governor
Root-.evelt return*"*! a profound JbowV.. ;-
Several of the Kansas delegates remov-
ed their beautiful silk sunflower badges
and threw them upon Governor Roosevelt
during the march of the delegates. It
was an inspiring demonstration. Mrs.
Roosevelt looked down upon it from her
position of vantage in the side gallery.
She was as pale as paper, but appeared
smiling and happy. The demonstration
continued for six .minutes and forty sec
onds, during which time Governor Roose
velt received the congratulations of his
friends, looking the while like a bronze
statue, so imperturbable was he.
Seconded by Massachusetts.
The delegates still choked the aisles,
grasping tne Governor's hands and with
difficulty the chairman restored quiet an\
recognized Butler Murray of Massachu
setts for a speech seconding the nomina
tion of Roosevelt. He spoke in behalf of
"Old New England" and his vigorous sen
tences elicited another demonstration for
the Rough Rider candidate. He said:
Gentlemen of the convention: Massachusetts
commissions me through her delegation to
speak to you. We who come from the old bay
State and know and love and appreciate th»»
Governor of New York. < Applause. > He has
many times been welcomed within our borders
ar.i we have for him that high appreciation
which Massachusetts manhood always has for
a thorough going, fighting Republican.
(Cheers.) We yield to him a full measure of
devotion, unsurpassed by that of any other
delegation upon the floor of this convention.
His life to us Is an embodiment of the quali
ties which appeal everywhere to American
manhood and which are a sufficient guaranty
cf the kind of public service that he will ren
der in this new and high position of responsi
bility; to the American people. "
Gentlemen of the convention. In behalf of
Massachusetts, which has furnished . to the
President of the United States one of the best
assistants that he has enjoyed, in his Cabinet
(applause), mindful of the duty which he ex
pects us to perform In this convention, with
the heartiest kind of sympathy and regard for
the voice of this great gathering, the chair
man, on behalf of the delegation which has
complimented me with the privilege I am now
about to exercise, aye, en behal.' of all New
England, whose towns and cities have been
responsible for some of the character that has
entered into the nation's life — with all the
earnestness that I can command, I secon4 the
nomination of Theodore Roosevelt- of New
York.
Ashton's Seconding Speech.
After the speech of Mr. Murray of Mas
sachusetts General James M. Ashton of
Washington was recognized and also sec
onded the nomination of Roosevelt. He
said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: We came here from the great, the grow
ing and the -might}- Northwest. We came to
greet my worthy predecessor, the great States
of New England in the mighty Northeast. We
come from the gateway or the treasure land
of Alaska, the land that will make the free
coinage of silver sink into insignificance.
The name of Theodore Koosevelt is known at
everj' fireside throughout the great, the mig
nificent mountains and across the broad plains
of the Northwest. Everywhere It Is the symbol
of American heroism and American manhood.
When we came here we had in our minds for
this exalted poeitlon anr eminent Jurist, an emi
nent diplomat, the Hon. Dart Us t Tripp of the
great Northwest. (Applause.) We have said
from the commencement. If it were possible
to secure the nomination and the acceptance of
Governor Roosevelt, toeether with the grand
character of American history, the eminent il
lustrious and patriotic stateman and . sololer,
William McKInley (applause), it would be the
greatest ticket, the grandest ticket and the
strongest which can be placed before the Amer
ican people. Now, gentlemen of the conven
tion, beneath the banner of McKInley and
Roosevelt, the West will unite with the mighty
East and go before* the ehrlne of the people.
We have no fears. You will find that when
the ballot Is case next November, the West
fca$, with the entire country, woven about the
girdle of Columbia the guerdon of political
power and political freedom; you will find that
when you count the ballots from the States
of the setting sun. they will read for McKIn
ley and for Roosevelt, and we will clasp that
girdle in Republican victory.
Depew Grows Humorous.
"Depew, Depew." demanded the dele
gates in tumultuous chorus, and as they
called the well known face and figure of
the Xew York Senator emerged from his
delegation. Governor Roosevelt himself
taking him by the arm and urging him
forward to the platform.
The benign face of the postprandial or
ator looked down and with his musical
voice he began a magnificent and im
promptu tribute to the hero of the hour.
He was in good humor as well as good
voice, and his touch of jocosity in refer
ring to "Teddy" and the "get there" qual
ities of Youn? America brought out a
storm of mingled laughter and applause.
He pictured "Teddy' r as the child of
Fifth avenue, the cultured product of
Harvard, the cowboy of the plains, the
vitalizing force in marshaling the Amer
ican ships to overwhelm the Spaniards
the impetuous leader at Santiago and San
Juan and ¦ the idolized Governor of the
Empire State. He pictured, too. the
"dude" becoming a "cowboy," the "cow
boy" becoming a soldier, the soldier be
coming a hero and the hero, blade In
hand, in the press of battle, shouting.
"Give 'em hell, boys." Ills speech fol
lows:
Gentlemen of the Convention: Permit me to
stat* to you at the outset that I am not on the
programme, but I will gladly perform the pleas
ant duty of announcing that New York came
hTe. as did every other delegation, for Colonel
Itoosevtlt for Vice , President -of the United
Ftatrn. (Applauw.) Whrn Colonel Roosevelt
expr»w*d to us hi* wish that he should not be
considered. *e respected lt,« and ' we proposed
to place in nomination by our unanimous vote
our Lieutenant Governor, the Hon. Timothy
Woodruff. (Applause.) . - •
Sow that the mionel .has responded to the
call of the convention and the demand of the
people. New York withdraws Mr. Woodruff and
puts rtocyevelt In nomination. I had the pleas
ure of nominating him for Governor two years
ago, wlwn alt the bIctis polntwl to the loss ot
New York In the election, . but he.charreO up
and down the old State from Montauk Point
i<) Nlac-ira Falls. «s \\f went up San Juan Hill
(aprlauw) ar.d the Dfmr*crais fled before him
an the Sicilian's had In Cuba. {Applause. )
¦ It l» a' peculiarity of American life, that our
men are not . born .tr> nnythlnj, but they f^t
th«»re afterward. MeKinley. a young Boldier
and'comlnx otit ..a ' major; .MeKinley. -a Con
pr«->>«Tjan and, making a* tariff: -McKlnley. a
President, elected' because he represented the
Continued From Third Page.
PANDEMONIUM tJNLOOSED
IN THE CONVENTION HALL
protection of American industries; and MeKin
ley, after four years" development. In peace, in
war, in prosperity and In adversity, the great
est President, save cne or two. that this coun
try ever had, and the greatest ruler in Chris
tendom to-day. (Applause.)
From "Dude" to Governor.
So with. Colonel Roosevelt— we call him
"Teddy ' (Applause.) lie was the child ot
New York, of New York City, the place that
you gentlemen from the West think means cou
j.ons, clubs and eternal damnation for every
one. "Teddy," this child of Fifth avenue— he
was the chfld of the clubs; he was the child of
the cxcluslveness of Harvard College, and he
went and became a cowboy (applause and
laughter) and then he went into the Navy l>e
partment and became an assistant secretary-
He gave an ord?i and the old chiefs of bureaus
cair.e to him and said:
"Why. colonel, there Is no authority and no
requisition to burn this powder."
"Well," %M the colonel, "we have got to
get ready \wien war comes and powder was
manufactured to bo burned." (Applause.)
Anil the burning of that powder eunk Cerve
ra's fleet outside of Santiago's harbor and the
fleet in Manila Hay. (Applause.)
At Santiago a modest voice was heard, ex
ceedingly polite, addressing a militia regiment
lying upon the ground while the Spanish bullets
were flying over them. This voice said:
"Get Jo one side, gentlemen, please; one side,
gentlemen, please, that my men can get out.":
And when this polite man got his men out In
the open where they could face the bayonnt
and face the ballet there was a transformation,
and' the transformation was that the dude had
become e. cowboy, the cowboy had beco;ne a
soldier, the soldier had become a -hero, and
rushing the hill, pistol in hand (great ap
plause), the polite man shouted to the militia
men lying down: • - -
"Give them hell, boys'. Give them hell!" '
Allusion has been made by one of the speak
ers to the fact that the Democratic convention
is to me?t on the Fourth of July. Great Scott,
the Fourth of July: (Laughter.) On the Fourth
of July all the great heroes of the ' revolution,
all the great heroes of the war of IS 12, all the
erect heroes ot the war with Mexico and the
heroes of* the wai" with Spain.-- who are n<H
dead, will tx? in procession all over, the country.
thc«» mighty spirts, but they will not be "at the
Democratic convention at Kansas. City.
<A voice from the platform. "And the- war of
the rebellion.") . ...
And the war of the rebellion — there; is one
gentleman who is detained from there and the
welcome which they would delight to. give
him. but he Is at present engaged in running
a' footrace under the blazing sun from the'sol
diers of the United States. (Laughter and ap
plause.) . ;
George Washington's spirit will not ha there,
but George Washington Aguinaldo, If he could,
would be there as a welcome delegate. (Laugh
ter and applause.) I would like- to sit in the
gallery and hear the platform read, condemning
expansion, with Jefferson coming out of the
clouds and sayln;:
"Who are you? Didn't my expansion . bring
In fifteen States a .a glorious and as great as any
In your convention and what are you condemn
ing me for? Anti-Imperialism? Because we
are putting down an insurrection in the Phil
ippines?" ' . ¦ _ ;•
And from the grave at the. Hermitage comes
the spirit of old Andrew Jackson, saying:
"Get cut of here, or by the eternal I will let
you know who I am." (Laughter and ap
plause.>
Raps the Ice Trust.
A.ntl-aequlsitibn of territory! And then comes
a Drocessirn of Democrats of the old Demo
cratic party. Jefferson, Monroe, Polk, Pierce,
pointing to Louisiana, pointing to New Mex
ico, pointirg to California, pointing to Oregon,
pointing to what has made our country flrst
and foremost among the countries of the world.
(Applause and cheers.) And then will coma
the great card of the convention, headed by
the great Bryan 'himself. "Down with the
trusts; dovrn with the trusts." And when the
applause Is over it will be found that the
pitchers on the table have been broken by the
clashing of the ice within. (Prolonged laughter
and applause.) For that ice will be making
merry at five cents a chunk.
I heard a story (laughter); this Is a brand
new story — < renewed laughter). It is of the
vintage of June, 1900. Most of my stories are
more venerable. There was a lady with her
Husband in Florida last winter. He a con
sumptive and she a strenuous and tumultuous
woman. (Laughter.) Her one remark was as
they sat on the piazza, "Stop coughing, John."
John had a hemorrhage. The doctor said he
must stay In bed six weeks. His tumultuous
wife said:
"Doctor, it Is impossible; we are traveling on
a time-limited ticket, and we have got several
more places to go to." (Laughter and ap
plause.) ;
So she carried him off. The next station they
pot to the poor man died and the sympathetic
hotel rrorrietcr said:
Poor madam, what shall we do?"
She cald. "Box him up; I have got a time
limited ticket and several more places to go
to." (Laughter and applause.) - ?
Now. we buried 1« to 1 In 1S36. "We put a
monument over it weighing as may tons as the
Sierra Nevadas when gold was put into the
statutes by a Republican Congress and the sig
nature of William McKInley. Colonel Bryan
has been a body-snatcher. (Laughter.) He has
get. the corpse out from under the monument.
Imt It is dead. He has got it in its* coffin,
carrying It along as did the bereaved widow
because he says:
"I must! I must! I am. wedded to this body
of s!n and death." (Laughter.) • I 'must' I
must! Because I have a time ticket which ex
pires in November." (Laughter and applause.)
I remember when I used to go abroad — it Is
a good thing for any Yankee to go abroad— I
used to be ashamed because everywhere they
would say: r
"What Is the matter with the declaration of
Independence when ycu have slavery ¦ In your
land?" , ' "¦'¦.- <-.i
Well, we took slavery out. and now no Amer
ican is ashamed to go abroad. When I went
abroad afterward the ship was full of mer
chants, buying iron and buying steel and buy-
Ing wool and buying cotton and all kinds of
goods. Now when an American goes abroad or
around the world what happens to him when
he reaches the capital of Japan? "He, rides an
an electric railway mode by American, mechan
ics. When he goes over the great vast of Si
beria, from China to St. . Petersburg, he rides
In American cars, j drawn by . American I loco
motives. When he goes to Germany he finds
our Iron and Eteel climbing over a 12 50 tariff
and thereby soaring the Kaiser almost out of
his wits. ¦ = (Laughter.) When he : reaches the
great exposition at. Parts he finds the French
wlnemaker saying that American wine cannot
be admitted there for the purposes of judgment.
When he goes to old London he gets for break
fast California fruit: he gets for lunch biscuit
and bread made of Western flour, and he gets
for dinner ""roast beef of old England" . taken
from the plains of. Montana (laughter); his feet
rest on a carpet marked "Alxminster" made at
Tonkers, N. Y." : (Renewed laughter.) *
Growth. of American Trade.
. Now, my friends. 'this cam-ass we are enter-
Ing upon is a canvass 'of -the future; the past
is only for record and for referepee, and, thank
God. we have a reference and a record. What
Is the tendency of the future? Why thl* war
in South Africa? Why this t.nmmerins at the
gates at Peking? Why this marching of troops
from? Asia to Africa? Why. these parades of
people from other empires and other lands?
It Isbecaijse the . surplus productions ¦ of the
civilized countries of modern. times are greater
than civilization can consume. It is because
this ; overproduction goes * back to . stagnation
and to poverty. .',•: V' •¦ '- ;
. iThe American people 'now produce two: thou
sand' millions of dollars' worth more than we
can conrame,' and we havie met the emergency;
and, by the providence of.God.\by the etates-
manshlp of William McKInley and by the
valor of Roosevelt and his associates (applause)
we have our market in Hawaii, we have our
market In the Philippines and we stand In the
presence of 800,000, W0 people,- with -the Pacific
as an American lake and the artisans producing
better goods than any country In the world.
My friends, we eo to the American laborer
and to -the American farmer and they say that
with McKInley for another four years there Is
no congestion for America. Let Invention pro
ceed; let production go on; let the mountains
bring forth their treasure; let the factories do
their best; let labor be employed at the highest
wages, because the world Is ours and we have
conquered It by Republican principles and by
Republican persistency in the principles of
American Industry and of America for Ameri
cans. (Applause.) You and I, my friends, you
from New England, with all Its culture and
coldness (laughter), and you from the middle
West, who, starting from Ohio and radiating
In every direction.- think you are, all there is
of it (laughter); you from the West, who pro
duced on this platform a product of New Eng
land transformed to the West through Xew
York, that delivered the best presiding officer's
speech in oratory and all that makes up a great
speech that has been heard in many a day In
any convention in this country (applause and
cries of "Good, good"'); it was a glorious thing
to see the fervor of the West and the culture
and polish of New England giving us an am
munition wagon from .which the spellbinder
everywhere can draw the powder to shoot down
opposition east and west and . north and south.
Many of you I met In convention four years
ago. We all f##l what little men we were then
compared with what w« are to-day. There Is
not a man here to-day that does not feel 400
per cent bigger 1900 than he did in 1S?6, big
ger, intellectually, -bigger hopefully.- bigger pa
triotically, bigger in the fact that he is a citi
zen of a country that has become a world
power for peace, for civilization and for the
expansion of Its Industries and the products
of Its labor. . . '
We hare the best ticket ever presented. (Ap
plause.) We have at the head of it a Western
man with Eastern notions, and we have at the
other end of It an Eastern man with Western
characteristics (loud applause): a statesman
and a cowboy (laughter): the accomplished man
of affairs and the heroic fighter. .The man who
has proved great "as President and the fighter
who has proved great as Governor. (Applause.)
We leave thi*-. old -'town simplr' to keep on
shouting and working to make it . unanimous
for McKInley. and. for Roosevelt.
Roosevelt ' Does Not Vote.
i "Roosevelt!" ' "Teddy!" "Roosevelt!"
came. from- all quarters of the hall. The
Governor sat unmoved, fanning himself
desperately; and shaking his head nega
tively at the calls for his appearance.
. The- impatient audience called for a
vote, It appearing that there would be no
other -candidates. It took some minutes
to restore order. Chairman Lodge vigor
ously pounding his desk and appealing to
the assemblage. Just as Alabama, the
first. State .on. the rollcall, was called ex-
Senator Quay started cut of the hall and
there was a disturbance of cheers. Par
tial order was restored and the rollcall
•was , proceeded with, each delegation as
named casting its vote for Roosevelt.
¦During the rollcall deltgates and specta
tors, realizing that the convention would
be unanimous, chatted and laughed until
the results of the noise was like the roar
of a sullen sea on a rocky coast.
At the' conclusion of the call Chairman
Lodge announced that Roosevelt had re
ceived 929 votes, one delegate in the con
vention .not voting. This delegate was
Governor -Roosevelt himself, who re
frained from voting with the New York
delegation.
Chairman- Lodge's announcement that
Roosevelt^ had been nominated for Vice
President evoked a burst of applause that
fairly shook the great steel girders of the
building ,tp- its foundations. Governor
Roosevelt,' now the candidate for Vice
President, was surrounded, by delegates
showering congratulations lipon-him. He
stood In the middle aisle, the stern look
of recent days having given away to an
expansive smile.
The serious work of the convention was
now practically over and only a few de
tails remained to be perfected.' A resolu
tion by Grosvenor was agreed to for an
official print of the convention proceed
ings and a. reprint of the proceedings of
four years ago. Another ; resolution em
powered the National Committee to till
vacancies oh the. committee.
On motion of Senator Scott of We«t
Virginia, George "VVIswell of Milwaukee
was . unanimously elected sergeant at
arms of the National Committee for four
years In place of H. L. Swords of New
York, resigned.
On motion of Colonel Dick Senator
Lodge was placed at the head of the com
mittee to notify the President of his nom
ination and Senator Wolcott at the head
of . the committee to notify the Vice Pres
idential, nominee.. Votes of thanks to air
Lodge and Mr. Wolcott for their able ser
vices, as presiding officers were unani
mously adopted;- also thanks to Mayor
Ashbrldge of Philadelphia for, the hospi
tality of the city and to all officials of the
convention. » ¦ .
This closed the work and at 2:14, on mo
tion of Mr. Payne of New -York the Re
publican convention- of 1900 adjourned
sine die.
Notification .Committees.
The following, is the committee selected
to. notify -.the. nominee for President:
, Alabama-^P. B. Barker. \
I Arkansas—Charles M. Green.
California— W. M. Garland.
Colorado— D. H. Moffatt.
Connecticut— LlneasR. Plimpton
Delaware— I. F. A!o.
Florida — Joseph A. Lee. . '
Georgia— W. A. Pledrer.
Illinois— Frank O. Low'den.
.; Indiana— John D. Wtdman. .
Louisiana— Jule«* G. Godchaug.
• Maine-^JVainwriKht Cushln*. ¦ ¦-
Maryland— William F. Alrey.
Massachusetts — F.' E. Huntress -.•••'
Michtean — Frank J.Hecker. v'^T'
. Minnesota— Ray W. Jones.
Mississippi— Sam P. Hurst.
Missouri— John B. Owens, s
¦ Montana— David E. Folsom.
• Nebraska— O. : O. Abbott. '
Nevada— R. L. ; Fulton. •¦¦
New Hampshire— Fred M.« Palmer " • -
New Jersey— Leslie D: Ward. - ¦ *, '
New'.Tork— Frank S. Wltherbee.. -
North Carolina— W.- A. Lemley.
North Dakota— Fred > Lentz. .
Ohio— J. jL Butler Jr..
Oreiron— Wnry-E.- Ankeny. ;
Pennsylvania— C-. L. Maree.
.Rhode Island — Joseph C. -Fletcher.
: South Carolina— E.-H.Deas.
•> South rtakota— S. B. Collins. :
Tennessee— George N. Tlllman.
T Texas— J. G. Lowden. ' • ;
. ¦ Utah— Thomas ICenrnw. •; -^
¦Vermont- \V. N. Platt. '.*
y Virginia— J. '.Hampton Hoge. .
'. .Washington— Lev! *Ankeny.*£Jrc£pij
* West ¦' Vlreinla— W.'. W. ' llonro*.
.-Wisconsin — Walter Alexander. ¦ -
rj.Wyoroine-^-C.' DiiOark..' -'¦ - "
Alaska— W. . D.** Grant.' ';'
PALL HEADQUARTERS TCEL-
LIN'GTON HOTEL. "WASHING-
LTON, June 2L—"It was a very nice
convention and I am naturally very
much gratified at the result of Its
work," was the comment of Presi-
dent McKlnley this afternoon. •
Mr. MeKinley looked the picture of per-
feet health and said he was never better
in fcis life. His face had fresh color, his
eyes were bright and the grasp of his
hand was firm.
The President received the news of his
renomination through bulletins, bv which
fce was kept advised of the convention
proee-idings. He smiled approvingly as
he g.anced hastily over the bulletin an-
nouncing the result, and after receiving
the congratulations of those present he
took the bulletin to Mrs. MeKinley. "
While the President was sitting with
Mrs. MeKinley news of Governor Roose-
velfs nomination was handed to him: Pri-
vate Secretary Cortelyou was summoned,
and in a few minutes an appropriate tele-
gram of congratulation was sent from the
White House to the nominee for Vice
President. -V >
One of the amusing incidents of the day
was the fact that the first telegram of '
congratulation to the President came from
the American Consul at Port-au-Prince,
Hayti- It is supposed he must have sent
it ahead of time, with Instructions to have
the message delivered as soon as the
nomination was announced.
Within a few minutes telegrams frcm
.all parts of the country and many from
abroad commenced to pour in. and the en-
tire day and night force of the executive
office was rushed to handle them. It is
said by those of long experience that no
occupant of the White House ever.re-
ceived so many telegrams In one day.
Assistant Secretary of ttie*Navy Hack-
ett was the first departmental caller to
extend his personal congratulations. He
was followed by Secretaries Root and
Hitehc'ock. Major General Corbln and sev-
eral bureau chiefs from the Treasury De-
partment.
Senator Platt of Connecticut was the
first Senatorial visitor. He gave way to
Representative Ketcham of New York,
the first member of the House to appear.
Senator Cullom. Representative Graff of
Illinois and Senator Kyle of South Dakota
were later callers.
By 5 o'clock .the President was weary
reading telegrams of congratulation and
"went for? a drive with Secretary Cortel
vou- As he rode through the principal
streets he was greeted by citizens and
acknowledged their greetings by lifting
nIs nat and rtBQt and left. i
President MeKinley received the Mar
<J"ette Club of Chicago this morning. He
g *v£, a Mml^m r, tO t« g h tO S°m%
of his fiends from Canton, homeward
followed by a general reception to rn'm
bers of the Homeopathic Association, now
in session in this city.
Specipl Dispatch to The Call.
Never Before Has an Occupant of the Executive Mansion at
Washington Received so Many Telegrams in a Single Day.
Greetings From the American Consul at Port au Prince
Flood of Congratulations Pours In Upon Presi
dent MeKinley and Callers Throng the
White House to Personally Express Th6ir
Pleasure Over His Nomination.
DAY OF THE CONVENTION
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1900.
5
Closing Out See Our Saturday Advertisement. Seven
Oar entire stock La- fS@j flrcl£§lS^"^ WHfc^fl \feV<jy CS'^StSJ tions for preserva-
diei' and Childrans' Wk jP*jf+ m m **%} a <Qh • tioa of { " 3 " 3 '' r 3ra
Sanitary Underwear, W* €01010^11 BCE3MC P3I W*Sk &U5. being demonstrated
one-quarter off. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S STORE in the Rotnada.
Sheet Music VWhSttr* fSmnri^ Friday Bargains
ISo a Copy. VSr#»#r© fer&Ofre. for Babies.
Four popular songi and two instrumen- *• SpGCi3i SBiCb Choice of 6 style? of Infanta' Long
tal' preces thit are in high favor on An assortment of many attr3ctiva style* Slips, diasitr. cambric or nainsook.
speciil ea'e Friday, per ». in Fancy White Good--, sexna with op?n trimmed with embroidery or lace, resra-
C °P 7 ••-• B9<* revere work, some dainty diaitijs. e»c, larly $1.75 ewh, f ©-day. $1.25
"¦SJ?M n »V e J<^Sr' s , l!l vi st -iSf !l » d * also IaC3 eff - ct ° fa Ok Dress Grena- Infants 9 ShOOS, soft soles, but-
Mia tne Oreen Fields of v ir^lnla. ,. . _ _ , . , , , , ».**.
••Believe." charming sdnR by Georgre Rosey. dines, our regular loc and 2. c valne3, ton or lace, tan. biacK or chocolate.
..,. r, " M^. mm C s .? a^? 1 . 1I if T T lns^' , about 30C0 varda in all on special -* patent leather isatfes, 3iz2i 1, 2 and 3,
My Rai;-Tlme BriJe. I Popular Rag-time , ,." , r 3 V g% r . , ,^ . 4 _ . o-~
"impecunious Davis." (Marches, f sale tO"U3y, per yard-.— Iff? reguhrly 50c pair, tO'day .2oC
Music Department— Second Floor. Tables — Main Aisle. Seconrl Floor — Infants* Wear Dep't.
Skirt Lining. Pattern Veils 15c, A
A Speoial Sale. 3000 on Sale To-Day at i^p|^^
We closad out at a rl licu'ously low This Extraordinary Price. *^»gr- a _ >^j
price a manufac'urei's stock cf thres „ , _ , ,, . . 't.- , Tr -¦. ~\SLZ^5r—''/grkF3
hundred 6-yari pieca« of fhn quality Handsome and seasonable pattern W ash \ eils,
Taffeta Skirtin? or Skirt Lining, black cream white in color, an exceptionally good qual- *^j^^
grounds with a farcy colorel border, full itv of net, in neat, tasty designs; you would con- ' l^T^Vw
36 inches wide, re-uiar retail value $1 s ider them cheap at 25c. at to-day's prioe, '&Jto&mSs
the piece, and tff^r it on Fridays* ,, , . -,r ... K , . , j i- * itfExtQb /////>
the Very special price, per ~* the be3t Veiling bargain we've ever «/--* «3^gW7
piece-... 38C offered, each .:;V. . . . . *****
Sales Tables— Main Aisle. Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
A Two-Day Half -Price Safe Photographs,
White Pique Skirts. $u ? 5 Dozen -
-j ~z{ :¦:_-. ** % Ycu must s;t for them to-di? to gst
j^-j An assorted lot of several hundred best them at tbis pries— rezuijr ch*rg$ « $3
*^^& V iali iy Wh te PW<? Shirts, some of them d A^' J hy t. ar l 1hi , ™ J ? e ! 10 "?-
i£>=^&-^« *,,-:. , , * ., , . . A J . , x L-. Azxo inc/us, hani%cm r; fzrKfiiJ: mount-
g£S&?j ? igktlT mussei and soiled but the major.ty of them j Qn h g^, Milton } ac . SS£S
v 5 t3w in perfect condition, all made of best shrank pique?, . ,-,,- J .
' n *h e b* 81 nianner and newe3t sty!e3, p'ain and * ° : "
fancy skrts, embroiiered and appliqued skirts a!l ~ Z ~Z~~
i^^8BP^p7| * half prico Friday and Saturday. GrOC&neS-LitJUOrS
$ -°° Piq!ie Skirrs for O8 ° Fancy Creamery Butter—
\l • $3 00 P.qne Skirt3 for Si .50 First-c!a?3, regu'ar siia squares, to-
/7 y \\, $3 50 Piqie Skirts for $1*73 day .'. 3Oc
1 fill Vi \// f 4.00 Pique Skirts for. $198 Roast's'ccf or Motion —
0jN ¦ \ y $o.00 Pique Skirts for $2.4-5 Libby, McNeil & LibbV3 2-lb tins, to-
ll \ \ $6.00 Pique Skirt3 for $2*95 day 2De
/| \ . Second Floor— Front. FriSCO Lunch CraCkorSt —
/[I V ; Fre3h to-day, lb.. So
\\ A 'aa m BB m Penanros* Boneless Sar-
I \ W & ' EwaSgBinGB*V T m rffclOS— The finest packad, larga siz?.
Ly^f _} —^"^ Third Their Prices. y an *c ain? > 3 Macaroni and
tr^ Half lha seasoa before yoa to wear them Cheese- : 2 -lb can ISc
< __ ! -, in— the biggest and besc miilinery bar- Pure Lucca Oil— Crosse <£ B.'3'k-
* gain? of the year. D.in'twai. — bay now. well's, quart bnties G5c
CMieren'S HOSe $1.50 Trimmed Hats, ribbon, qni!l, 45c Roasted Coffee— Our Tazxy
-— o , $2.U0 Trimmed Hat3, silk fringed scari' Family Biend, 4J lbs. for $1.OO
1**G rai^M andqai:l ., S9o Vanilla £xfracr-Pure Empo-
Another of cur popular Hosiery Sales to- $-- 5 -> Trimmed Hats, large frin?jd rrcm brand, 2-oz cottlc*...^... "25o
day (Friday) on y. Thi* t ia3 Chi- s**** 3 S7c Sch«?pa* IaproTed Shredded
dren 8 Extra Heavv lxl Ribbed Cotton $3.00 Hits, trimmsd with silk ve.vet Goooanut- S-Ib Carton fSO
Ho3e, with double kiee?. so;es aad heals, anJ e'^ back es » Q3 O Eclipse ChampzgnO—Ar^&d
guaranteed fast * black, good vacation $!•*** Uatrimaiia Shape 3 39c Haraszthy & Go.'s extra dry; made as
stockiDgJ these, regularly 2)c pair, * 1 - 50 Uotrimnied Shapes 59O champsgae n made m France; not
special price to-day $1.65 dozen, -- Childr c i'i.^0 L?g- ,.,."-..,. charged with gza, but a natural wine;
pair .*. M*rG horns ar.a Faacy Tape on special sale /Wefay only, —j_
Second Aisl^-Left of Krtrance. Hat?, trimTHil v. i;il rii>- -f^i^^^^ QUartS TPO C
bons ana tiower*. now-s^^^SCTri None S:U to dealers — qiUTlti-
4^^£\ Boms 9 ' -"** s W^^«^P ties limited.
€&?ZL « -i: v Lldi o 8 ' ? . 1 1 ° w ha " (1 - I ° ad t &>&g2&g Paul Jones 4-Star Rye Whiskey—
Bib Fancy BraiJ Hatf, latest £gg&g^ 12 years old, regularly $1.25 bottle.
v* '~r M .- shapes, spiend.diy tr m- r "^3 " SQn
Overalls mea ,j.4.es ;s ™°*lkZZZZ""-
/^illSi^rV-- *CI~. e*~:~> $ 1d Imported Mudei c\X i &. ,
/ * 3g "Sir. Hats .....-$7.35 *0v^4M}) »- o %na
Cy35Ni!r/ v a * $30 and $35 imports M5=^^v* y ror^ujuwsrWear,
fBM with su?pender at- n ivai
MM ' //¦>>- t fc»« , - D^nsolaKid Laca SZ**£\
¦ Im/Ml tichments and pock- 25C BOX Toilet Oxfords, new Cf^> — SJ»
forboys3to8yea», *Oap IO3* lt>C. kid tips, solid /^ f V
ISlif ulylL ¦ a<\ a 1 ? The Regal T01 et S jap, nude by Andrew sewed sole3, suit- >^*= >^Ty i * >^
tiij v <l-k. 4y d.zaa only on sale t » n r> • 1 o v ,, . .. jf my
- J Jergensa: Co., C-ncmnati, large (6 ounce) able for cutrasj^<p>v Sr
Friday, 4 Qg% cakes, hjnej, oat mja! cr glycerine, box ani countryw^»^|
. each M %J%M o { three cakes thac has never been sod wear, s z?s 3 to
r™f T7,r«f./nVf //i/7/-«cMm.< regularly for Ie33 tttan 25c, special 7. Thee good- fi'.tiag, genteel shoes are
L mi.— Three pairs to a custom.r. f^jday, the 3 cakes for 16c regularly J2.C0, price Friday-$l.f9
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance. Drug Sundry Department— Rotunda. First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
THE EMPOBTUM.
__ -. ¦ , V
t'Sr D ° y0U Iack stren^ th ™& t
MII J^*.y'fc*>-Jy buoyancy? Have you stiff ?
l j8t'"j >*^fe^» ioinis, backache, or weakness j:
ln any of the v!taI parts ? ***
This is the belt which wil! j
'" h y feed your nerves, circulate your, x
blood* and build .up your, vitality. There is no deception, no t
failure in this application ? — — '¦ ; r 'Or %
of curative electricity. My DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S *
belt is the remedy which \ ELECTRIC BELT. t
drives out pain, contracts >¦— -^ X
relaxed njuscles and glands, and so arrests that weakness which ?
saps the life.- 'I've just is- „ . |
Sued my new, finely iilus- ) Weakness of Long Standing t
*_~*_j u. to jfi ' „ J FORBESTOWX. Ca!.. June 13. 1300. -J.
trated OOOK. Send IOr it \ DR - M - A - McLAUOHUS: I never had any. J.
,- t ¦'»¦*• " •'¦ 'JthinK do ma ?o much good as your Belt Treat- JL'
COStS YOU nOlflin? Or Call \ment. I feel first rate since using your ap- 3.
•.-¦,„ . ° WB JplUnce. It 13 a valuable rern«Kiy. J
upon me if ycu can. \ ZI~^>3sJ^£^ h-
pMmHSm ' ¦ ' - -¦ •
TID M 1 MnT iTTfTTT TIT T 02 AlarKet Street. Corner Kearny. San X
UK ill A JiICLAIIItHL N Francisco: cor. Spring and Second i.
Ull. 1U. ZX. lUUXinUU 11X1111, Streets. Lo* Aoseles. JL
-k-i-h-i-k-i-H"!-: : :¦¦! ¦!¦¦:¦¦:¦': ¦^^I^?^o^:¦^I^¦I^^I^^^¦:¦^:^^•!"H4^?4^^^H-^^I^ m»:-«
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.the saist> frajstcisco c 'aj^l;- Friday, jijne 22, 1900.
EPIGRAMMATIC.
V'De trouble in • dla life." said Uncle
Eben.-*'ls dat de voice o* duty can't do no
mo'n ¦ whisper,", while de voice ' o' pleasure
uses a megaphone."— Washington Star.
TAILOR. MADE CI.OTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is of suede col
ored cloth, tailor . made. The bolero Is
short at the waist behind and longer In
front.' It Is ornamented With rolled seams
of :; sapphire .velvet, and the lapels - are
stitched. The skirt; is. trimmed with a
stitched band at the bottom and a largo
flat pleat.; behind.
.It remained for, China to prove that the man with
out a country is -a reality. , The international army
no\v operating in trie Flowery . Kingdom has upset
most . of the , ideas which men conceived of national
rights." - • "
Americans at Yokohama joined with" Englishmen a
short. time ago in sounding their hurrahs of triumph
at ; the fall of Pretoria. These particular^mericans
might study to advantage a little American revolu
tionary history.
The ghost of the State Board of Dental Examiners
has been tnade to walk. The State convention of
dentists,. insisting upon, its privilege to be decent, has
declared that the Dental ' Examiners may be ' politi
cians, but they certainly arenot dentists.
It is very probable that Dr. J. J. Kinyoun will . not
find the cultivation of the guinea-pig as profitable for
scientific purposes as he suspected. . His friends ought
to suggest to him to turn his.attention to the Belgian
hare It may amuse him and wefn't hurt
else. • f: . ' / / : , .. . V ''I
Straits of Babelmandeb, the passage from
the Persian Gulf into the Red Sea, aro
called the "Gate of Tears" by the Arabs.
The channel which is twenty miles wide.
Is roc&y and very dangerous for passage
In rough weather. It received Its melan
choly name from the number of ship
wrecks that lOccurred there.
GATE OF TEARS— L* A. A., "City. Tno
CTCLTNO ORJDINANCES-S. A- M-,
City. Address the clerk »t th© Board of
Supervisors of this city and county and
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors of
Alameda County for copies of the ordi
nances regulating cyclists In San Fran
cisco, Oakland and Alameda.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS— B.
W.. Etna, Cal. The institution asked
abqut i3 a private concern, which thia
department cannot advertise.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
THE marria&e of Miss Grace Hope
Chisholm and Dr. Joseph Schofleld
Brooks took place on Wednesday at
11 o'clock at the First Congregational
Church In Niles, Rev. F. H. Maar of Red
wood ¦ City oinclating. The bride is. the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Chis
holm, and the groom is a practicing phy
sician of. this city and the son of E "f**
Brooks, principal of the Glrl&- High
School. The bridesmaid was Miss Myrtle
Brooks, sister of the groom, and the best
man was H. T. Craig. The ushers were
J H. Crothers, Stuart Chisholm and Ray
mond Tyler. The church was beautifully
decorated in green and white, with banks
of ferns and flowers.; Miss Alice Brooks
played the "Lohengrin" wedding, march
on the organ, accompanied by Miss Ger
trude Weld Hibbard on the violin. After
the ceremony the guests partook or the
wedding, breakfast, which was servedon
the lawn of the family residence. The .
table was arranged in the shape . of a
hnr<»p<;hoe The bride's dress was of white
o?glndi2, ove? taffeta silk, the skirt being
trimmed with Insertion ;of Valenciennes
lace." The maid of honor wore a Nile green
silk trimmed with chiffon and ribbon. A
musical programme was enjoyed after the
repast, and at 4:30 o'clock a special train
stopped fh front of the residence for the
San Francisco guests, of whom there were
133. The bride and. groom took the 3:30
train for the south, there to spend -the
honeymoon. . The musical programme was
as follows: Vocal solo, Mrs. Louise Mar
riner-Campbell; vocal solo, Alexander
Chisholm ; duet, Mlss^ Alice-Brooks, piano,
and Miss Gertrude Weld Hibbard. violin.
The presents to the young couple were
both numerous and elegant. Among those
present at the wedding were r Miss iM. W .
Shlnn, Miss Helen \F. Sutherland, Mrs. E.
M. Hoagland, Mrs. M. McHarry. Rev. and
Mrs^ ,F. H. Maar. Mrs. Ef W. . Ruggles.
,Mrs.G. Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Charles H.
Shtnn, Mrs. Louise^ Marriner-Campbell,
Raymond Tyler, Robert E.Braden.'H. T.
Craig Miss Alice M. Brooks, Charles M.
Whitney. Mr. and Mrs. Ellsha Brooks,
A Tyler. Mr. and Mrs. Fred E. Brooks
Mr. and . Mrs. Al - Chisholm Jr., 1 Mr. and
Mrs. , Joseph Austin. Mrs.. Emily, Bean
ston,' Miss; Louise D. Earle. Mrs. Ldna
Scott Lake, Mr. and Mrs. George FIddes,
T P Fitzgerald, . Mr. and"*- Mrs. R. - L.
Riulk'e, Miss Elf reda Brooks.*, Mrs. G. W.
Brooks, v Miss,- Gertrude _ Weld Hibbard,
Miss Self ridge. Miss Mclver.Mr. and Mrs.
Ehrmann, Miss . Ehrmann, airs. ¦: Platt,
Mrs. • Jane ; R. : dough, Leland Carter, Mr.
and Mrs. James Crothers, v Miss Pearl
CrotherB, L. • E. Shlnn, Mr. ' and . Mrs. '¦• Wil
liam Ford, Stuart 'Chisholm, Mr. and Mrs.
Chandler, i Mr." and Mrs. Worth. Mrs. Mor
rison, - Dr., Clement, ¦ Mrs. : Joseph • Rugrcles,
Mrs. Lorlng Pickering, Mrs. Rlxford, Miss
Jennie CrotheTB, Mr. and Mrs; C. B. Over-'
acker, Mr. 1 and Mrs. Edward Ellsworth,
Mrs. B.' Oliver.' Miss \ Florence - Mayhew.
Miss '• Florence * Hudson, -Miss - Olive ¦ Hud.-'
son, Mr." and Mrs. Henry Tyson, Mr.- and
Nuptials* o? Miss Grace
Chisholm «and Doctor
.Joseph Brooks.
DOCTOR WEDS
A ISILBS BELLE
Mrs. Joseph Tyson. Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Jacobus, -Miss Maude Jacobus, Mr. and
Mrs. Ernest Southwick, Mr. and Mrs. R.
L " Baru. Mr.' and Mrs. J. Donovan. Mr.
and Mrs. Giles Chittenden. George Dono
van, Dr. Chalmers. M. B. Sueden, Mr. and
Mrs. Richarrl Hunt.
Pacific were considering the joint us© of,
tracks from Salt Lake City to the south
ern part of the State.
Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager of
the Southern Pacific Railroad, will leave
for Paris in September as a representative
of the American Railway Association at
the International Congress of Railroads to
be held at the exposition.
A. F. Walker, chairman of the- board of
directors of the Santa Fe Railroad, ar
rived last nlglit with his family and reg
istered at the Palace. Mr. Walker will
remain" in San Francisco until his family
leave for China, and will then return
East by way of Los Angeles. In regard to
Santa Fe affairs Mr. .Walker said that
conditions were never more favorable for
the road and that a dividend higher than
any other would be paid this year. Ha
admitted that the Santa Fe and Southern
Dr. John D. Jones of Washington. r>. C,
is at the Palace.
Colonel G. A. Hardin oj Santa Rosa la
stopping at the Rusa.
S. N. Griffiths and W. H. McKenzie. oil
men, ot Fresno, are at the Lick.
C. J. Roberts, a merchant' of Stockton,
accompanied by hi3 wife, is at the Russ.
Dr. George H. Worrell of Sajata Clara*
and Dr. E. J. Hennessey of Napa are stop
ping at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. C. Ruddock, an attorney of Ukiah,
at the Grand. • '' v 1 ". WBBM
• The Call has been brought to 'task, for a- very unintentional omission in the
publication of the article on the recent graduation exercises at the Horace Mann
School. It takes special pleasure in" making the necessary correction by pub
.Ushlng the following letter: : .'.
Editor Call— Dear. Sir: The glrlsof Mr. Sykes* ninth grade class of the
Horace Mann Grammar School held a meeting last night. and some strong ,
resolutions were suggested censuring The Call for not having published
the names of the class graduates In your valuable paper.- The resolutions,
however, after a good deal of girlish discussion, failed to pass, as the ma
jority believed that it was an unintentional omission and that by sending
your paper the Hat of names, .which we respectfully submit, it would re
ceive your consideration. Thle following are the graduates: .... ;T
Florence Adams. Katie Barrett, Annie Branagan, Carrie BIscell.
Charles Brown, Nettie Comerford, Dwight Clarke, Clyde Calvin, Amelia de
Pauli, Willie Dewey. Eileen Dunsworth, Lillian Ewing. Sadie Flack, Ma
bel Flack* Hattie Game, .Aileen Hamilton. Harloe Hamilton, Fletcher
- Husband Laura Jorss, Richard Loewy, Claire Leib, Mabel Mitchell. Marie
Mitchell, 'Annie Meagher. Hattie McNab, Mary McDermitt, Flossie Nav
let Bertha Ochs, Theresa O'Connor. Ernest Peri. Allen Boy, Nellie Schmie
der. Ida Schmadeke. Charles Schmitz. Cllve Smith, Eva Tadd, Georgie To
zer, Roy Tozer.-Iada Totman, Blanche Ursslng, Clara Wepfer, Agnes
San Francisco, June 20, 1900. '
HERE IS THE LIST OF GRADUATES
The reclamation, where possible, of the arid lands
of the country is promised, and as this carries with
it of necessity the conservation of moisture by preser
vation of the forage on the stock ranges, it includes
such. policy as will arrest the extermination of the
natural grasses and forage plants in all the arid coun
try west of the ninety-ninth meridian. This is a far
reaching policy, which will preserve and increase the
beef and mutton food ¦ supply to keep pace with the
demand, and at the same time will provide^arable land
by irrigation to receive our^increasing population and
furnish them homes. "' . •
The isthmian canal is favored, and a new Cabinet
Department of Commerce ?.nd Industries is called for,
to take charge of our consular system and have the
general care and oversight of our vast trade and in
dustrial operations. (
The platform is; remarkable for the space given to
business and the little attention bestowed upon what
may be called mere party politics. The covenants
Our deep water commerce is promised support, to
the end that our own cargoes may be carried under
our own flag. •
Upon the labor question advance ground is taken.
Better educational facilities for working children are
demanded, the age limit for child labor is to be
raised, and an effective system. of labor insurance is
put among the things that concern the party.
This part of the platform shows the keenest politi
cal insight into affairs. It states the status quo. and
in effect says to the people, "When you want to
change it, change it."
Turning to the declaratory part of the platform; it.
is beyond criticism. The approval of the gold stan
dard and the onlook toward further, legislation
which will extend its. benefits in low .interest and
economical use of credit to all parts of the country \
will convince the sound money men that the party in
tends no backward step. .Wisely the platform is ad
dressed to domestic policies and affairs, and as to. our
external vexations is very conservative and tentative.
There is no~radical declaration .about the Philippines)
and the men of conscience who oppose expansion for
principle's sake will find nothing that stands in the
way. of a reaction, if that be the destiny of this issue.
The position of The Call is well known, and we are
glad that the platform practically conforms to. it.
Those who were urging;, a specific declaration of »
Filipino fellow-citizenship in the California . State
platform will «ee now that such a policy would have .
been like the free silver declaration of 1896, and
would have put the party in the State at variance with
the party in the nation.
The platform itself has gradually enlarged until it
is a formidable document, and a complete review of
the work -done by the part)', if in power, and by way
of background to its declaratory clauses is considered
incomplete without a broadside of damnatory stuff
aimed at the enemy. The current Republican plat
form adopted at Philadelphia is of unusual excellence.
Its damnatory clauses jnay raise a question of taste,
but as custom requires them they may be passed as the
usual "defi" of the other party. It may be said, how
ever, that as they "hark back to Mr. Cleveland's last
administration and attack it, they will not havethe
field to themselves, for the Bryan Democracy brooks
no rival in the business of denouncing Mr. Cleve
land and all his works. Perhaps this will enable a
more just final judgment upon that administration
than would be possible if it were balanced be
tween scowls of disapprobation on one side and
shouts of approval on the other. . . ¦ { .
THE PLATFORM.
IN the early history of party conventions the plat
form consisted merely of a few declaratory resolu
tions, setting forth the leading policies of the
party, to which its candidates were committed.
LINCOLN; Nebr., June 21.— According to the books just turned in by the City Assessors, the past year has been a
prosperous one for Mr. Bryan, and he is now in the matter of personal property easily the richest man in Lincoln-
Last year Mr. Bryan returned as his possessions money in bank amounting to $2o00, and other personalty bringing: the to
tal up to $2890. This year the total returned Is $4560. which includes 53900 In bank and other crsdlta. In Is,ebraaia each
man is simply given a printed schedule and asked to fill it out and swear to the truthfulness thereof, making it simply
a matter of conscience with him. Ex-Lieutenant Governor Moore, who has heretofore paid the largest amount of per
sonal taxes in the city, ranks second, with $3615 as his valuation. . « ,'fV
BUBONIC quarantines no longer plague San
Francisco, nor is there any danger of their im-.
mediate recurrence. The Board of Health has
for a time at least ceased to trouble; and Kinypun,
whose authority to institute the quarantine has been
revoked by the President, has yet to answer to Judge
Morrow for contempt of court. The situation is
clear of all irritations, and now is the time for the
intelligence of the city to profit by the lesson ex
perience has taught. - • -• v ;
The, one thing which gave the Board /of. Health
and-Kinyoun even a shadow of excuse ipr taking the
course"they ; did, which led the people in other ciiies
.to lend a- credulous ear to rtirn'orsT of.- -bubonic plague
in San Francisco, is the ' indisputable • foulness - r of
Chinatown.. It is known' that the sanitary "regula-;
tions enforced, im other parts of the city are' neglected
in the Chinese .quarter, that the buildings there are
ill ventilated, ill 'provided with plumbing and sewer
connections, . ill fitted with fire escapes, and are un
healthy, foul-smelling and filthy. It is known, more
over, that they are overcrowded and are undermined
with dismal tunnels and passage-ways reeking with
dirt and inhabited by people. who swarm'like rats in
their burrows anti have no regard for sanitation or,
cleanliness. It was*that knowledge that caused the
fear of plague in whatever quarters such fear existed,
and so long as Chinatown continues in its present
condition so long will we be in danger of having a
quarantine established against us.- ¦ /
The one lesson, then, which we can profitably learn
from the bubonic' scare is that of the importance of
enforcing the" sanitary regulations of the city and
compelling property-owners in" Chinatown t/ clean
the buildings and put them >in proper . condition.
There should be no delay in that reform. Some of
the;.wealthiest men in San Francisco are among the
landlords of Chinatown and. can well afford the cost
of 'cleaning jup their property. - It is a monstrous
abuse of power to compel; even the poorest property-;
owners in other localities to obey the- health laws
while .these rich landlords are .permitted to ignore
them, 1 defy them and mock at them.
The imperative need of a strict enforcement of sani
tary regulations in 'Chinatown is another reason why
the Mayor should remove the present members of the
Board, of Health and replace them with men who will
be energetic and impartial in enforcing the law. Had
the Board of, Health been in earnest, the property
owners of Chinatown would have been compelled to
clean .their premises as soonas there was the first
su?picion'of plague in the quarter. The board, how
ever, has done nothing to redeem the district from its
unhealthy condition, nor can it be relied upon to do
anything. There is needed in Chinatown a: new era
of municipal supervision,- a thorough enforcement of
all the sanitary ordinances of the city, and a new
Board of Health to sec that they are enforced." That
is the lesson of the day, and it should be learned and
acted upon before the disastrous "experience which
taught it has been forgotten..
THE TESSON OF KINOUNISM.
*
@frc. -f^lli^ Call*
FRIDAY , ...JUNE 22, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, proprietor.
Address All Ccmmunica'icns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
HAS ACER'S OFFin^jj^^^^^^neJ^e^^O*
PtBUCATIOS OFFICB..MarUe» »n* Tfclrd. S. W.
Telephone Press SOI. .
EDITORIAL I100MS....217 to 221 SteT«B«m St.
Telephone Prena 2O2.
Deliver** Ity Carriers. 15 Cemts Per We«lr.
Single Cople«, 5 Cents.
Terns by Mail. Inelodi»ar Po«ta«et
CAELT CAXX. anchidlnr Pucday). one year IJ-JJ
X>AILT CALL Uneliiain* Sunday). « months J-JO
PAILT CALL (including Sur/iay). t month* 1J'
DAtLT CALU-Br Bletfe Month «•
FUNDAY CALL One Tear J-g
VEEKLT CALL One Tear *•••
jm poitomitf ri t* r© svthoiiiCm to r^cf !?•
«uh«prJptl»n».
Eucpia copies will be forwarded when request**.
"all subscribers In or<i»rlne chance of address should be
particular to gi*t both NETT AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a 7r0xr.pt and corre<H compliance with their request.
O A ULLAJVI) OFFICE 1118 Br«»*if«
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mantger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
tl*7ox Distance Telephone "Central 2CV')
NSW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON..... U Heraid Squire
KEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEW? STANDS:
Sherman Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
plemont Sense; Auditorium Hotel.
KBW YORK NEWS BTAKDfl!
•Weldorl-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. H Cnloo Sqtme:
ICnrray BQ1 Hotel. _il_i
WASHINGTON (D. Q OFFICE.... Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.* *> : ,;
BBJLXCH OFPICES -« Mostccnerx. corner of Clay, open
CStfl t:tt o'clock. 200 Haye*. cpea until 8:S0 o'clock. 63J
McAllister, open tjsUS S.SC o'clock. CIS LarVln. open nntd
»:S0 o'clock. JM1 Mission. rr*n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cj^g until I o'clock. 1CSI Valencia, opea
CStfl I o'clock. 10( Eleventh, opea until I o'clock. NW oor
oer Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea untfi • o'clock.
When the conditions attendant upon a great po
litical convention, the confusion of vast crowds, the
incessant flow of rumors of all kinds; and the -hurry
and strain under which the work "has to be done are
taken into consideration, it will be perceived that the
achievement of The Call in giving such correct and
interesting reports of every phase of the proceedings
is a notable triumph of journalism. It will be taken
by the public as another proof that The Call gives the
news^jsiore comprehensively -recorded, morey accu
rately presented, and freer from fakes or padding
than any other paper on the Pacific 'Coast.
What has been done in reporting the Republican
convention wiil : be repeated in reporting the Demo
cratic convention at Kansas City. -There again The
Call will have not a'showy coterie of space writers,
but a trained staff of newsgatherers, men who will un
dertake to get the facts as early as possible and tell
them in the fewest possible words. The proceedings
of the Democrats will be reported with, the same fair
ness and fullness" that have characterized the reports
from Philadelphia.
The telegraphic dispatches have averaged upward
of 100,000 words a day, and every word, was a part
of a legitimate news report. No' space was given to
padding, to fakes, or to any device, for making a
false showing. The Call published news— reliable,
accurate news. There was no duplication of this fact
or that rumor; no spreading buy of gossip and tat
tle; each dispatch was part of a harmonious whole
and tended to make clear to the rea-der every step of
the proceedings, th^ plans. of the leaders, the strug
gles-for the Vice Presidency, the great speeches- of
the occasion, and. in fact/'everything of the conven
tion that could"be included in the broad scope of 'its'
history. ¦ ':
WITH the satisfaction which results from the ac
complishment of ;good work under" difficult
conditions,. The -Call invites attention to" : the
excellence; of the reports given of the ' Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia. These reports
have been thoroughly comprehensive in their scope.
They have covered i,e'viry,. interesting detail of the
proceedings, arid have in. many instances forecasted
what the convention would do: A notable instance
was the announcement on the first day of. the conven
tion that Roosevelt would be the nominee for Vice
President, and that the -nomination would be the. re
sult of a well nigh'uni versa! demand. H-'
OUR CONVENTION REPORTS.
run to sound money, lower interest, ; a more .. elastic
currency system,; access of all \ business men to " the
loan fund; the increase of' our foreign trade, doing
our own ocean carrying, protecting out labor against
servile competition, so that all "men interested in the
materialities of the country will" find in it a reflection
of their thoughts and a promise to consider their in
terests. .. . ... ¦ V
That was the Bryanite forecast and prediction, and
upon it it is safe to say they are gone. What ticket
can hope to carry New| York against McKinley and
Roosevelt?
That the ticket, is a winning one is hardly to be
disputed even by the most sanguine Bryartite. In
fact Bryan's organ, the New York Journal, some
time ago in making estimates of the coming election
stated: "Let the Democrats carry New York and
they will pick up electoral votes enougH elsewhere in
the East to make them safe f> no matter how many
they lose in the Far West. Let them lose Ne\^ York,
and, as the Oregon election shows, they are gone."
Roosevelt has filled a large space in public life, and*
to the younger generation of Americans has become
something of an. ideal figure. Born to wealth and
educated in the centers of our highest culture, .he£
turned in early manhood to the Great (West, ami
there on the plains among the cowboys learned to
know and to understand that genuine manhood is not j
dependent upon either. wealth or culture; that itjls j
to be found among American freemen everywhere;!
and speaks as truly in the forcible dialect of the West j
as in the polished language of the universities. So j
he grew to be a broad-minded, strong, resolute, true)
American; and when the war came he by a natural
impulse became the leader of that famous regiment
whose members were drawn from Fifth avenue and
from the Texas plains, and which represented in its
ranks every class of patriotic and valiant American,
from the dude to the cowboy. From the glory of war
he returned to enter upon the high duties of Govejrnor
of the greatest State in the Union, and there so amply
fulfilled all the brightest expectations of the public,
that within a short time he was noted as a. man of
Presidential size, and the choice of the whole country j
for the Vice Presidency. •
The administration of President McKinley has been
marked by so much of prosperity attained by industry
and so much of glory achieved in war that if the
record were written merely in the statistics of trade
and in the simplest facts that narrate the war with
Spain it would be eloquent. From four years of de
pressed trade, stagnant industry, disordered finance,
and of disaster so widespread that almost every work
jngman's home was threatened with destitution, the
country under the administration of McKinley passed
directly to a period of the highest and most universal
prosperity ever known by any people' at any age in
the history of the world. In bringing about that
happy change the peisonal influence of the President
has counted for much. It is to him more than to .any
other single man that we owe it, and popular grati
tude as well as a regard for self-interest rendered it a
foregone conclusion that he would be renominated
and will be re-elected.
\A cKINLEY and Roosevelt. That is the
/• \ ticket the Republican party presents to the
* * country. - It is not too much to say it has
been presented in response to the demand of a vast
majority of the voters. The convention has done no
more than register the popular will. Of the renomi
nation of McKinley there has not been any doubt at
any time since he entered upon his high office, and
the nomination of Roosevelt for the Vice Presidency
was assured as soon as the delegates of the conven
tion brought to one another reports of whai their
constituents wished in that respect.
McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT.
Politics, say* a distinguished visitor to the city.
will explain the activity of the "boxers" in China.
The observer probably remembered that, the same
cause explains the existence of "pugs" in America.;
The local 'yellow sheet has at least one satisfaction
in its reports from the Philadelphia convention. The
staff is true to the ideals of the Yellow Kid and de
clines positively tcfUiscuss the truth.
The Sausalito man who had himself arrested on i
charge of murder to prevent himself from drinking
Sausalito whisky is either a benefactor of his race or
a slanderer whose influence rises' to .the dignity of a
calamity.
When the Contra Costa Water Company destroyed
its books it forgot that a part of its odorous history
is recorded in the public mind and cannot be erased.
The people of Oakland have proved more than once
that they have a good memory.
If people are judged by the company they keep the
police officer who was chatting with two murderous
thieves the other day will probably have some expla
nation to make, particularly as His friends nearly mur
dered a victim later in the day.
Californians have been without rivals in their hos
pitality at the Republican National (Convention.
And an underling of the National Government did
everything in his unauthorized power to make Cali
fornian hospitality a Fynonym for disease.
It is clearly the duty of the State Central Commit
tee to give an ample hearing to all sides of this con
troversy and render such 'judgment as will be fair. to
all. There is no reason on earth why any faction'
fight should occur nmong' the Republicans of any
aistrict of California this year, and if proper care be
trken none will occur. In the Fifth District, how
ever, there is danger that many an independent voter
wiil be dissati?fied with the way things have been
managed by .Watt and bis committee, and against
that the State Committee must guard.
The issue is an important one and would be so re
parded under any circumstances, but is the more so
a* this juncture, because all political experts agree
that to the Republican party in this campaign the one
point of danger is that of losing control of the
House of Representatives. We cannot afford to take
risks in Congressional districts, and to cause any dis
content in the Fifth would be taking risks.
In brief: Watt, claiming an authority which is not
of record, named a committee, which in turn last May
named the district delegates to a convention, and
those delegates in . convention renominated Watt's
committee for a new lease of power. It is a case of
wheels within wheels, and each wheel working with
an electric force" of a watt at 'every turn.
The situation is this: James Alva Watt claims that
he" was authorized' by the Republican nominating
convention of the Fifth Congressional District in
1898 to appoint a Congressional district committee.
There is no record, official or otherwise, of the grant
of any such authority, nor does ft. appear that Watt
undertook to act- upon it until fourteen' months after
the convention. adjourned. -However, the committee
was appointed and proceeded to act. When arrange
ments for the recent Republican State Convention to
elect delegates to the national convention were under
consideration Mr/ Wait assured the State Central
Committee that primnry elections would be held in
the district for the purpose of electing delegates to
the State convention. The promise was broken. The
delegates from the district to the convention were ap
pointed by Watt's committee. That was bad enough,
but now there has been filed a resolution adopted by
the Fifth District convention last May continuing the
same committee in office. • -
I T PON the Republican State Central Committee
I I rests a serious responsibility in connection with
' the affairs of the party in the Fifth Congres
sional District. The situation there is by no means
promising, and as the district abounds with voters of
independent minds there is danger that many of them
may be led to oppose the party nominees because of
a dislike of the means by which certain men have
tcught to obtain and to hold party control in the dis
trict. ¦ ' ' . ":, - v
THE FIFTH DISTRICT TANGLE.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll — "Madeleine."
A 1 cazs r — * 'ijajho. ' '
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
.Grarfl Opera-house— "A Homespun Heart."
Grand Orera -house — Benefit for widow and orphans of
Jacir>s E. Sweeney, Friday afternoon, June 29.
Columbia— Kellar.
California— "A Milk White Flac"
Olymp'ia, corner. Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Cfcutes. Zoo and Tneater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenine.
Fischer's— "La Forra del Destlno."
fc'utro Bath*— Open eights.
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON.
Director.
SUMMER COURSES,
• • • I i)O0 • • . :
-Beginning Friday, June IS.
I. American Political Partlas.
II. The Disfioverere and Explorers of
North Americ^ /
III. Famous Art Galleries of the
World. /
IV. Hl3toric Studies In Home Fur*
nlsliing. \
Y. Comparative Stndles of Two Cen-
turias.
VI. Literary Talks and Reminis-
cences.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th<>
Press CUpping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownsend's.*man cf the State Central Committee,
called the vast assemblage to order the
pavilion was crowded to the doors. A
great picture of McKinley. flanked by his
name and that of Roosevelt. _^f* Al *?'f^
above the speakers' platform. T?: 1 " 0010^
banners and flags clothed the gallery rails
and bung from the arches of the root,
folonel Stone was brief In calling the
mass-meeting to order. He declared that
it was unnecessary for him to congratu
late the audience for its attendance. All
had come with the purpose which prompt
(d him to the place— the determination to
honor the men who are to lead tne Ke-
Iiubllcans to victory In the fall.
. He afked all to stand while the Knick-
Irbocker Quartet sang the "Star-Spangled
Banner." The request was answered by
an immediate response, and as the chorus
of the stirring song was sung the audience
added its tremendous volume of sound to
the music. Then, as the people were about
to take their seats, three cheers and a
tiger were given for William McKinley
fend Theodore Roosevelt. Colonel Stone
then introduced United States Senator
George C Perkins as the chairman of the
meeting. The following vice presidents
«ere also chosen, but not announced at
the meeting: ...
List of Vice Presidents.
¦Jica. II. T. Gice. IXca. 3. ZLXieff, Uoa. W.^
¦ tier. E. G. Lukens. R. J. Brode. A. "W. Price.
A. U Valleau, William C. Clark, James de la
Montanya, E. F. Delger, George C. Perkins.
William Van Laak, J. C. Demlng, H. Plage
man. W. R. Vice. F. W. Van Reynegom. L. E.
Clawson. George T. Shaw, Henry Dernham.
W. P. Fuller. James Otis. A. H. Vail; John L,.
Koster, G. F. Richardson. F. B. Van Bickler,
E. PolUtr. W. D. Sanborn. E. 8. Van Pelt,
A. V. Clark. Joseph Sios*. G L. Field, A. S.
ManiBrrum." C. L: Patton. J. A. Margt>, Charles
S. Hoses, P. A. Berserot, R. V. Watt. E. I.
Bheehan, Dr. L. L. Dorr, George F. Neal, D.
L. Farnswcrth. A. B. . Patrick, R. H. Pease,
K. M. Uoysen. Daniel Roth, W. D. Sanborn.
II. A. Steffcna. M. M. Stern. George XV.. Schell,
W. I>. Hobro. II. C. Somers, Dr. J. D.
Whitney, Davie Louderback, ¦ J. G. Glesting,
Gustave Bchnee, Dr.- H. Gibbons, Charles
Hlrsch, C. S. Wricht, A. J. Esberg, H. F.
Allen, W. B. Harrington, James E. Agar.' A.
W VoorMinger. P. L. Archibald,. H. SchafTneV,
William F. Ford, Robert Graljam, T. B. Morton,
C G. Clinch, G. W. H. Patterson, W. B. San
born; James S. Watson, S. W. Backus, Nathan
H Frank. J. J. Jacobl. P. T. Morgan, . H. I*.
Van Winkle. F. L. King, G. Wonnser. L. >i.
KelloKX C.'H. Crocker. R. H.-Warfleld, Thomas
F (VNelll. C. J. RellJy, H. Lunstedt. H. G.
Fairchild. Sol Cahen. K. Mel rose, F. W. Mars
ton W: R. Morton, T. J. Parsons, JohnMld
dleton, Frank D. .Worth, , Charles . Boxton. F.
Arata. C. J. Havens. L. F. Weaver. . L.. - De
martini. " Marshal Hale, E. S. Salomon, John
II Qulnn. Vauchn Morgan. W. F. Bowers, A.
Mikulich. T. R. Mann, Dr. E. S. BreyfogJe,
li. S. M»n?iT lm i Theodora RelcJiert. David
Kerr. Morton C. Allen. B. Sheldeman. William
B. Cluff, F. J. Beck. M. S. Blackburn, Joseph
8. Graham, W. B. Benchley, J. Murray Bailey,
John A. Wnlteslde, A. G. Mayers. vMli&BSBSBi
Martin Jones, John Center, M. S.- Toplltz,
John B. Carson. Georeo E. Dow, J. B. I/evlson,
a WanKenheim, F. Tillmann Jr., Claus Mangel*
A. A. Wigmorev C. E. Grunsky. S. T. Bernhard,
P. F. Ferguson, J. • Greenebaum, J. j Everdlnjr,
Henry ¦ C. Dibble, T. - R. Bannerman. C.
Rode. William Hermann. : C. D. Bunker, G. P.'
Ayei-B, B. P. Flint. Georgre-D. Clark,; Frank H."
Burke, J. P. Le Count, J. B. Elliott, George It
Sanderson. Byron Jackson, C. A. Hulme, W. H.
Greer. Dr. William M. Lawlor. John 8. Young,
"W. • B. Hooper,- A. - M. Simpson; ¦ H. - J. ¦ L#ask,
E. A. Selfrtdge. -C. F. Michaels, J. V. Selby,
J; M Lltchfleld, John F. ; Toritiingsen, • H. W.
Miller F. Lundqulst, Walter - Sutton. W. C
Mysell, R. Kendrick, R. A. Jackson. A. ;F.
Ulnz. I* Pockwltz Georee Johnson. -A. de la
Torre Jr.. H. G. w.*- Dlnkelsplel," Oliver Dibble
H. Lachman, Charles E. ¦ Wilson, George ¦ H.
Hopps, George D. Cooper. L. A -Henry, T.'H.
Goodman, D. J. Murphy. Dr. J. Hlrschfelder.'
W. A. S. Nicholson. P.. H. Remlllard,' J. Wool
ner, 8. C Denson. S. M. Bettman; , Dr. ¦ O. F.'
Westpbal, John Martin, E. A. Breaae, Adolph
Mack. J. A. Hoey, George Smart. A. W.~ Spear,
W. C. Johnson. W. Z. Tiffany.. H. J.-RIggins,
H. J. Sneath. F. Ia. Jones. M. H. • Barry, .C.
Froelich, 'A. W. Cornwall, J. R. Gamtss, C, H.
Knapp, H. D. Morton, C. A. ~'- Worth, - C. ; A.
Laumeister, W. W. Worden, ¦ George Kohn/^J.
H. Suydam. I* A. Devoto, T. P. . Woodward. ,
GeocK* Kllnn. Thomaa . B. Eajren. - Dr. C '. N.
Elllnwood. Henry L. Davis. A. A. Roe..H. D.
Keil. TV. EX Lane, Samuel Foster, Gua Pohl
man '8. F. Walter,' F. H. Ames, A, H. Mer
rill, Zl U. Dodge, M.S.:Jeffers,W.H.. Birch,
Nelson Pierce, 8. V. Mooney, L. B. - Shoenfeld,
Charles A. . Patterson, . J. R. Knowlandj. W. H.
Cobb S. A. McKeown. Grundy Noble, B. Getz,
W.»R. Jost, Holland Smith, J. R.Alken, Frank
J. Clark, W. R. Rickard. M. Shannon. Chris
Dunker. E. Marlnnls, J.' C. Nobman, William
Lewis,': J. A. ¦ Snook.
J. r.. •; Halated.' Bert White, • J. ¦ A. > Roy^ J.' A.'
Roy, P. A: • Morbis, L.. PockwUv Alex Oleson.
E. J. Wolfe. : Frank P. Kelly, - George R.
Fletcher. Joseph Scheerer. E. C. " Harrison, C
M. ¦ Osborn.' R. Munk, C. F. Kenneally, W. J.
Rudtllck. F. -W. Burnett,. Abraham' Strather,'
Israel C. i Wilson. ; A. Dennis, James Clayton,
J C. Rivers, Samuel ;R Kent,; Ezekiel Cooper,
G. W. ; Grime*,' William Davis, C.W. Kyle, D.
W. J RuKffles, w R. N." Nason, Eugene < Sullivan;
Thomaa - Duff/ John R. HUlman, = Thomas • W.
Collins, ¦ Georje ¦ Beanston, Darby Loydon, P.
McG. McBean," C. H/ Abbott. S. J. Loop.' Zero
I, Thomas. George W. Jackson." I. J. Ascheim.
"VW F. Toothaker. - P." H. '. Prenderraat. : H: . N.
Tracy,'. Charles ¦ Aamieaon. i "W. H. Pratt." " D."- J.
Toohy and * the ¦ members of : the State Central
Committee. '¦ . '.".".:
Perkins" Is,' Cheered.
, Senator ' Perkins >- was received ; with
cheers. He was glad, he said, to be back
again in Californla/vto' be among friends
: and privileged to talk ; to \ them; = to ¦ share
with them - the congratulation ,-. which
Americans feel at the nomination of Wil
liam McKinley for President of the United
States and -Theodore* Roosevelt for Vice
President. It was fitting, he said, that
the - representative men »f California
should assemble to ratify these nomina
tions. "The convention at Philadelphia,"
he said, " has done: its duty well. It has
rewarded a statesman with I the highest
honor in its gift. It-has made "William
McKinley again ¦ Its standard-bearer.: . It
has. made one of the greatest of Amer
icans, Theodore Roosevelt, his running
mate. I cannot justly characteri2e the
man for whom the , Republican party asks
your • votes for President. '
5 {'He has proved his , statesmanship. ... He
has demonstrated his ability to. meet the
severest i tests of government. Under his
guidance 'wo .have -passed' through &ne'ot
the most ¦ critical : periods of our history.
Under his guiding hand* we have emerged,
from a * crisis . that was ' serious enough ¦ to
make the most confident quail. .-¦ In small
affairs ,ot- state as well as; great- he has
displayed the same marvelous faculty of
administration: - \
" "WHen by unjust and outrageous quar
antine we * were .- threatened with irrepar
able "harm ' he came ; to .: our assistance.
When the State was placed under the ban,
when it 'was heralded to the world „. as a
place 'unclean, President McKinley raised
edge what the United States has won un
der the administration of President Mc-
Kinley. ' "
. "Four years have rolled around," he
said, "since in this very . Pavilion the Re
publicans of this city met and ratified
the nomination of William McKinley. The
Democrats were then in power in Wash
ington. They. were at the helm of state
and they missed nothing that might lead
on to disaster. To-night we speak of a
prosperous time, of a happy people, of
men at peace with their neighbors: We
are in the midst of business revival.
Wages are being - paid, the mechanic Is
employed, there Is plenty everywhere and
we owe it to the administration of Wil
liam McKinley. ,
"Four years ago the country was in
sorest distress. There was financial de
pression. Capital and labor were at war.
The mills were closed. Starvation stalked
in the cities and on the byways. Relief
committees were organized, soup houses
were established and the : people of • the
Union knew what suffering follows in the
wake of national maladministration. Then
came the triumph of the Republican party
and the restoration of normal, healthy na
tional life. It is such a life that we are
now enjoying and > we must preserve It.
Our only, hope is the election of William
McKinley and • Theodore Roosevelt."
' Azain the great Pavilion was stormy
have won much from the administration
of "William McKinley.
"We are at the dawn of a magnificent
era.' Our flag Is respected the seas over.
We are In the van of civilization and
there we must remain. " "We have won our
splendid place through the administration
of William McKinley. As Americans,
cherishing our country, believing In Its
future, pledged to its prosperity, we must
support ¦ the man who has led us on t«
the triumph of our nationality. Let us
in this splendid campaign cease to bo
Democrats . or Republicans; let us know
no East or West, no North or South: let
us have no sectionalism, no antagonisms,
but" nnlty • in ¦ the common brotherhood of
Americans. ¦ Let us be glad of the privi
lege that we have to-nrght, the privilege
of pledging to the greatest of Americana
our fealty and our . votes. He deserves
this from us and we. would be false to oux
duty if we failed him."
Time after ¦ time the speaker was ap
plauded, and when he had concluded H.
C. Dibble was introduced. He'follow'ea
in similar strain.' He 1 outlined the stir
ring events which have made history dur
ing the administration of President Mo
Kinley, and he counseled all to do what
they can to make that administration per»
manent. ' E. M. Wolf and T. V. Eddy wer»
the closing speakers and the- great crowd
adjourned with , three cheers for i the na
tional Republican ticket.
SAN FRANCISCO TAKES A NIGHT OFF TO SHOUT FOR THE NOMINEES.
THE Republicans of San ' Francisco
turned out In force last night to
ratify the nomination of their na
tional standard bearers. Shouting,
entering, hurrahing thousands thronged
Mechanics' Pavilion. By courtesy they
listened long enough to the speakers to
obtain an excuse for more cheers for Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt. Flags were wav
ing In the air; men and women were sing
ing national songs at the top of their
voices; uniformed clubs were marching
around the great structure to the encour
ceing storm of hurrahs, and for a few
hours at least Republican San Francisco
had a night off and free swing to use its
Jungs.
There was not the slightest doubt that
the speakers were eloquent and that their
discussion of national issues was thought
ful and thorough, but the thousands of
men and women who . had thronged
through the doors and made a sea of
eager, expectant and exulting faces want
ed noise. They wanted to cheer for Mc-
Kinley and then for Roosevelt. They
wanted to cheer for anything and every
thing Republican.
They shouted themselves hoarse over
tha Btories of the Spanish war. They had
but to hear the name of an American sol
dier to shout again. It was a scene of In
terest and excitement. It was San Fran
cisco's way of congratulating itself on the
nomination of William McKinley for Pres
ident of the United States.
When Colonel George C Stone, chalr-
W. Morrow, Hon. J. J. <Je Hares. Hon. W. H.
Bfeatty. Hon. G. H. Bahrs. M. M. Estee. Adam
Grant. Horace Davis. Loots Sloss. H. L. Dodge,
A. A. Watkins, Irving M. Scott, W. H, L.
Barnes. John F. Merrill, Levl Strauss. Wake
field Baker. C. W. Slack. H. S. Foot*. I. V.
Hellman. J. 8. Hendy. M. H. de Young. A. S.
Tubbs, \V. J. Dutton. J. E. McDougald. F. J.
Eymmes, A. O. Booth. Lipman Sachs. V. R.
I'aterson, John D. Spreckels. P. Crowley, V.
D. Duboee, Wendell Easton. H. B. Russ, John
C. "SVinans, J. K. C. Hobbs. H. D. Loveland.
II. H. Hecht. C. B. Benedict. William McDon
ald, W. It. Srnedberg. M. Cooney, E. C. Pal
mleri, H. M. Saunders, Juda Newman, Lewis
Gerstle. R. A. Crothers. A. Bouvier. F. A.
Vail. C. N. Feltcn, J. H. Jewett, P. N. L.11-
Jenthal, William Haas. George A. Newhall.
Charles Nel6on. H. D. LoVeland. W. P. Red
ington. Thomas Klrkpatrlck, Henry J. Crocker,
W. J. Brady, W. S. Wood. W. Frank Pierce.
W. M. Outter, Morris Schweitzer. L. P. Wlel.
R. R. Blgelow. Charles Bundschu. J. A. Wil
son. D. M. Bums, John Dolb«er. A. B. Spreck
els, S. C. Bigelow, Isaac Uphara. H. H. Sher
wood. D. E. Hayes, M. H. Cook. P. Barbleri.
John r>. Slcbe, R. H. LJoyd, X. K. Hasten.
W. F. Mail, E. T. Kruse. C. A. Boldeman. J.
IC Wilscn. M. Ehrman, John W. Van Berg-en,
L. R. Larzalere, A. G. Hawes. James McXab,
Huph Hume. Henry T. Scott. Ignatz Steinhart,
E. L. Malsbury, J. B. Stetson. Lovell White,
WlUiam Alvord. W. W. Chase, S. Xickelsburg.
E. M. SlaJe, Jeff E. Doollttle, A. E. CasUe,
Lucius Lt Solomon, George T. Bromley, L.
Breslauer. A. Gallatln. Edward Kelly. C. M.
Kinne, 6. G. Kellogg, Henry H.Burfeind. J.
W. Allyne. I. J. Truman. E. A. Denlcke. M.
S. Kohlberg. Wlnfield 8. Jones, S. Stlverberg,
Frank W. Sumner, John F. Pinkham, John
Nightingale, B. D. Pike, W. M. Newhall. John
D. Daly, A. McElroy, F. J. Castelhun. Alex
McCord, R. Wienecke, W. II. Crlm. George D.
Graham, George D. Squires. E. P. Barrett, J.
Levi Jr.
Charles Sonntag. A. G. Tbwne, George H.
Lucbslnger, O. C. Haslett. J. C. Wilson, Syd
ney M. Smith. G. M. Josselyn, W. R. Whlt-
United States Senator Geo.
C. Perkins Presides Over
Cheering Thousands.
LOCAL REPUBLICANS THRONG MECHANICS' PAVILION
AND IN WILD ENTHUSIASM RATIFY THE TICKET
? - •
with applause and when silence was re
stored Merton C. Allen was Introduced,
ostensibly to read some of the significant
sentences of the Republican national plat
form. He did more, prefacing his reading
with an eloquent, thoughtful discussion
of national Issues. He received a well
merited tribute of applause and gave way
to Samuel M. Shortridge.
Shortridge Talks Briefly.
Mr. Bhortridge's address was brief, but
be touched upon phases of national ques
tions which excited the audience to what
was perhaps the highest pitch of enthu
siasm during the evening. He pictured
the triumph of- American arms, the prog
ress and splendid development of Ameri
can nationality and the hope of a position
of unrivaled supremacy among the na
tions. Only through the Republican party,
he said, can that hope be realized. When
he • had ceased there were repeated and
insistent demands for him to continue.
He was followed by George C. Ross of San
Mateo, who spoke for the young men of
the party. His discussion of national af
fairs was on the lines of his predecessors
on the platform.
Frank McOowan then held tho audience
in absorbed attention in a brief address.
"If it were a felony to deliver a speech."
he said. "I never would be convicted. But
it seems to me the' easiest thing in tha
world to tell why we are in duty
bound to Tote for William McKinley for
President and Theodore Roosevelt for
Vice President. We owe to William Mc-
Kinley tha dignity of our nation. He has
guided us through the terrors of war. Ha
has lifted us to a position of honor among*
the nations. Under his administration
prosperity has come to us. Our merchants
and mechanics, our farmers and miners,
the people of the cities and the country.
Campaign Opens for Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt Un
der Flattering Conditions.
The name of the Congressman was re
ceived with cheers. He spoke briefly but
eloquently on the issues of the campaign.
He told what he knows of the administra
tion, describing, with a thorough knowl-
Cheers for Congressman Kahn.
"We have had many able representa
tives In the House of Representatives, but
we have never had In our history men
more able than those who now represent
us. Among them is one whom I wish to
introduce to you— Julius Kahn."
As he closed the Bear Club and its drill
corps entered the Pavilion and added to
the enthusiasm. ¦"
"And it is hardly necessary for me to
say that Theodore Roosevelt will be the
next Vice President of the United States.
"We all know his history. We know his
eelf-sacriflce, his bravery, his gallantry
and his statesmanship. »\Ve know what he.
has done in the service of his country
and we can accept that as a pledge of
what he will do. Under the banner of
these men we will march to victory. I
am glad therefore that to-night we have
gathered to do honor to these men, to
pledge them our suffrages and to hope
that for them success will be won.
"As we owe this to the great statesman
who now asks us to return him to the
post which he has so sigpnally honored
and dignified other States, are in similar
manner Indebted to him. If there be grat
itude in the American people, if our prog
ress is to be assured, if an administra
tion eminently sound is to be indorsed,
then William McKinley will be re-elected
President of the United States.
the quarantine and declared to tha world
that California is not the plague-stricken
place of dread which Its enemies repre
sented It to be.
THE SAIST FRANCESCO ; CALL, FBID A Y, s JU^E 22, 1900.
7THE BOMBARDMENT OF TIENTSIN HAS BEGUN
Grave Fears Ex
ist in London
as to the Safety
of Europeans
in Peking.
WASHINGTON, June 2L— Acting
Secretary of ihe Navy Hackett
received a cable message this
afternoon from Admiral Kempff
dated Chefu. June 21. saying that
Tientsin is being bombarded and that
much of the Amerlcau consulate as well
as foreign concessions Is being de-
Etroyed. A relief party Is en route 'to
Tientsin, including 130 American marines
under Major Walter.
LONDON, June 22, 3:30 a, m.— The
United States gunboat Monocacy was two
miles up the Pelho River when the inter
national fleet began the bombardment of
the Taku forts. According to the Shang
hai correspondent of the Dally Express
Ehe was shot through the bows. The cor
respondent fays that Chinese riflemen on
both banks of the river attacked her, but
ur.FUccess fully.
The scarcity of authentic news with
reference to the situation continues. Ad
miral KempfTs dispatch to the United
States Navy Department announcing that
Tientsin is being bombarded was promi
nently used by the London papers and
commented upon as Indicating a change
for the worse.
The British Admiralty does not believe
the report of the death of Admiral Sey
mour, commander of the international re
lief column, and semi-official assurances
are given that there seems to be not the
slightest evidence tr> back up such a re
j>ort.
It is pointed out th<»* Admiral Seymour
had sufficient supplies to enable him to
go to Peking and get back. "We are
hopeful." says the semi-official announce
ment, '"that Vlnce he ha? not done the lat
ter he has done the former." ¦
A dispatch to the Associated Press from
Shanghai, dated yesterday, says: "The
Consuls met to-day to consider the situa
tion, which, in the absence of news from
/Peking, is looked upon as particularly
threatening. Grave fears still exist as to
the safety of the Europeans In Peking. It
was agreed to wire to the senior Consul
at Chefu to communicate with the senior
officers at Taku asking for immediate as
sistance in communicating direct with Pe
kJngr. which they believe can be brought
about through Shrnjr. director of tele
graphs. They advise that Sheng be asked
to explain the interruption of communi
cations."
The stoppage of trade has thrown 10,000
coolies out of work at Shanghai. All the
English ladies at Tientsin left there Sat
urday by a train for Taku. Shanghai
wires that they had some exciting ex
periences and would not have got through
except f«r the assistance of the Chinese
troops. The Boxers made several desper
ate attempts to attack the train.
Taking advantage of the political dis
orders bands of robbers are pillaging, In
the vicinity of Sam Chun. The Chinese
authorities are powerless.
Precautions have been taken to prevent
disturbances in British territory. The ex
planation given at Hongkong of the fail
ure of Li Hung Chang to go to Peking
is that there is a rising on the border of
the Kowloon Hinterland.
The Singapore correspondent of the
Dally Express, telegraphing yesterday,
6&ys: "Kang Yung We!, the reformer, as-
American Con
sulate and For
eign Conces
sions Are Being
Destroyed.
THE- SAX FRANCISCO PALI,, "-FRipAY^: 22^ 1900.
ZAFIRO IS NOW
EN ROUTE TO HONGKONG
WASHINGTON, June 21.— A cablegram
received at the Navy Department to-day
from Admiral Remey at ; Manila" states
that the Zaflro sailed yesterday from Ca
vltefor Hongkong. She is a supply ship
and may proceed to Taku after commun
icating with Captain "Wilde of the Oregon
at Hongkong.
GERMANY WILL SEND
MORE MEN TO CHINA
BERLIN, June 21.— Lu Hai Houan, Chi
nes^ Minister In Berlin, received a repre
sentative of the Associated Press to-day.
In reply to questions he denied emphatic
ally that the Chinese Government meant
to wage war and declared that the com
manders of the Taku forts undoubtedly
acted without instruction. He referred to
the reports of the murder of Baron von
Ketteler and of the destruction of the le
gations as "fables." "When asked from
what source he had received such infor
mation, and especially in view of the fact
that the other day he had admitted that
he -had received no cable advices from
home, he replied that he knew these
things from the general intentions of his
Government and from his own general In
structions.
Count von Bulow, Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs, to-day -Joined Em
peror William at Kiel to give his Majesty
an oral account of the Chinese imbroglio.
It is probable that he will postpone his
vacation and continue to direct the For
eign Office personally, during the present
crisis. /Thus far, however, nothing had
developed to ; indicate that the -Kaiser
means ltd abandon his Norwegian trip.
Preparations continue for increasing the
German forces in China. For .the present
the fighting force of the German troops
will be 5OX) when all shall have arrived,
but It Is understood that if more warning
news is received the Government will send
out a volunteer army taken from all the
regiments of the army up to 10,000 men.
The volunteers needed to bring the two
marine battalions to the full war footing
of 1000 men each have responded eagerly.
In one case an 'en tire company declared
Itself ready to go.
The armored cruiser - Kuerst Bismarck
will carry 300 soldiers in addition to her
crew, of 546. From Kiel comes the news
that the big cruiser Wineta. which has ar
rived at La Gunyara. has been ordered to
proceed to China, and that: the cruiser
Cormorant, which is now in the south
seas, has also been ordered thither. Sim
ilar-instructions have been given to the
gunboat Luchs. .
THE LATE COUNT MTjaAVIEFF.
ST. PETERSBURG.— June 21.— The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count
MuravienV died suddenly this morning. Count Muravleff : had; just finished
hie morning-, cup of coffee and had ordered his lunch' when ' he fell In an
apoplectic fit and expired In a few minutes, between 9 and' 10 o'clock.'
XEW YORK, June 21— A special to the- World f rom •, London says Count. Mi
chael MouraviefT, Russian Minister: of Foreign Affairs," died suddenly in St." Peters
burg to-day. It. Is announced from there that apoplexy was fatal to Count Mour
avieff. but here In diplomatic circles Mouravleff 's ; strange death; Is 'attributed to
poison, just as the death} of his predecessor as Russian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, Prince Alexander Lobenoff , who died suddenly in 1896,- was attributed: to' poi-' y
son. Diplomats here say Mouravleff has been a' restraining influence on the ultra'
forward parfy at St.; Petersburg: In the present crisis he has "been; desperately,
struggling to preserve concerted action with all the powers. _ His firm position .was
opposed to most of the Czar's councilors, who arefor. pressing Russia's advantage
regardless of consequences. So Mouravleff was'put out of the way. .
Count Michael Muriavieff was" born in 1845, of afamily that has been promi
nently identified with the life of Russia ever since' the, time of ;: Catherine II.
His grandfather waa the Governor of Vllna ¦ and . Polish Lithuania at the . time of
the insurrection thirty-five years ago, who crushed the Insurgents Into submis
sion.'-j£H§8B0B£ - ' .- " -*£aJ? ; -,' '¦' ' ¦ -' \ "¦'.''¦ . '¦'...'
'¦.:"¦•¦' Count Michael was ; at Poltava and Heidelberg.l'i and then -/entered
diplomatia Hf e a^ secretary : to the Russian : Embassy . at "¦ Berlin. After : holding :
many other offices he went to Paris, tome twenty < years ago, -as ; Councilor of
the Russian Embassy, ; and four years later to Berlin, ln.the same capacity. He
later was the Embassador of the Czar at the Danish court. : ' -; . ~, .
In January,' 1S97, he was called by his master to' succeed .i Prince Lobanoft* de
Rostow as Chancellor of the Russian empire, which position he has held ever
since. ' ... ' ' .1 -:', '¦¦ , '¦/"'¦. -_~ .
It was thought for a time throughout' the other courts of Europe that his In
fluence with the Czar waa \ much weakened^by . the ' failure " of ',-. the * International
Peace Conference at The Hague,' of which he was ' a '¦ strong - advocate, ' to \ accom
plish anything definite toward the llmitatlons i of the armaments of the nations of
the world. s: ' :'\- '-W '-.'..""
.; His thorough « understanding^ and mastery of the Far. Eastern question makes
his loss at this time a most eerious one to the Czar.:
OFFICIALS HOPE THAT
THE WORST IS PAST
WASHINGTON, June 2L— Admiral
Remey, from Manila, supplemented his
previously brief dispatch relative to the
ealllng of the Zaflro by one later In the
day announcing- the departure of the Iris
from Manila for Taku. The Iris is a
water boat, but on this trip she carried
a quantity of supplies for Admiral
Kempff's little squadron as well as a
cargo of good coal, a commodity which
*ill be sorely needed by the time she ar-
The developments of to-day, apart from
those at Tientsin, gTeatly encourages the
officials here in their hop* that the worst
is past in China and that the difficulty
can be settled without any very serious
change of the present status of the coun
try, at least In its relations with the outer
world The State Department is much
gratified at the attitude of the powers.
So far as It Is informed there is no dif
ference of opinion or intention among the
different powers -respecting the Chinese
situation. Their object is simply to re
store peace, protect life and property and
leave all further questions for future set
tlement. So far as can be gathered there
is not a dissenting voice among the pow
ers In answer to the proposition made by
the United States to limit the operations
of the foreign armies and navies In China
to that simple programme. If there is a
contrary purpose entertained anywhere
the particular power has not signified
that fact.
"FATHER ENDEAVORER" ;
CLARK AND FAMILY SAFE
BOSTON, June 2L— Some anxiety has
been expressed by friends for the Bafety
o! Rev. Francis E. Clark, president of the
United Society of Christian Endeavor,
who with Mrs. Clark and their son Har
old was In Tientsin and Peking during
the' massacres by the Boxers. A message
Just received here from Dr. Clark stated
that the family had arrived safely at
Fusan, Korea, where they were to take
the steamer for Vladivostok.
COMPANY OF BLUEJACKETS
LANDED AT WOO SUNG
SHANGHAI, June 21.— The bluejackets
have been landed at Woo Sung .to protect
the telegraph station. . ¦
Woo Suns: is a small maritime town at
the mouth of the, Woo Sung River and ten
miles north of Shanghai. It v/as strongly
fortified by the Chinese but was taken by
the British In 1848.
Was a Member of an Old Family
and Ranked as Minister of
Foreign Affairs.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
COUNT MURAVIEFF
BOXERS SLAUGHTERED BY SOLDIERS
LONDON, June 21. — The soldiers and Boxers are said to be massacring )
each other, and the Chinese Manchus are also reported to be engaged in ,
mutual slaughter. <
Prince Tuan Is alleged to have sacked^and burned the palace. The Em- •
peror Is reported to have been killed,' the Dowager Empress Is represented as •
missing and in some quarters it is believed she has committed suicide. '
All this purports to have been contained in a letter from Peking received \
by a hig-h official Chinaman at Shanghai, where it Is hoped the desperate .
struggle between the leaders and the Dowager Empress will prevent the sects .
combining against the Europeans. > . . •
The Shanghai correspondent of the Times says: "Great destruction . was •
caused by the Boxers in the native quarters of Tientsin on June 15, but the '
presence of foreign troops In the foreign settlement protected that. The ',
native press asserts that there are bitter dissensions In the Manchuria •.
party." •
MINISTER WU SAYS CHINA
IS NOT RESPONSIBLE
WASHINGTON. June 21.— Minister Wu
was seen to-day after his i visit to the
State Department. He said that Secre
tary Hay had expressed his gratification
at the news the Minister had brought from
\ lceroy L,iu of the three great Yang-tse-
Kiang provinces— Klangsu, Klangsi and
Anhui— to the effect that he, in conjunc
tion with his • colleague, ..Viceroy Chan of
the provinces of Hunan and Hupeh, were
fully competent to maintain order and in
sure protection to . all foreigners within
their Jurisdiction and asking that no for
eign forces be landed within these pro
vinces. Minister Wu said that he would
reply to Viceroy Liu and repeat Secretary
Hay's assurances that no foreign troops,
or more specifically, no United States
forces, would Invade his territory so long
as peace and order are preserved therein.
The assurance of alien forces In these
provinces, said Minister Wu, far from
having a subduing effect on any disorder
that might be brewing under cover, would
only bring the flame, if the sparks were
there. • : .
The Minister was very much incensed
at a suggestion published this morning
that he be held as hostage by this Gov
ernment for the safety of Minister Gonger
and the legation at Peking. He charac
terized the writer as a narrow-minded
pedant, and a person who was incompe
tent to speak on international affairs. *Q
"If a state of war existed in China,' the
Minister said, "1 should ask .for my pass
¦ports or they would be handed me. That,
with emphasis, "is the only course that
would be followed if such were the case.
The Minister reiterated his former state
ments, scouting the very suggestion of a
state of war between China and the Unjt
"Was your Government at "Washington
responsible," he queried, "for the Italian
lynching at Tallulah? No. Neither is
the Government of China responsible for
the depredations of lawless mobs, over
which movements it has no control. Does
not the action of the Empress Dow-aper
in degrading the commandant of the Taku
forts for firing upon the foreign fleet prove
that the imperial Government had no part
The Minister was surprised and sorry
to hear of the report that LI Hung Chang
had reconsidered his Intention and would
not go to Peking. He said he had great
faith in Chang's ability to relieve the sit
uation there. He also expressed his be
lief that Sevmour's column had arrived
at Peking and that the legations there
are safe.
Berts that Russian agents precipitated, if
they did not entirely organize, the pres
ent disturbances for purely Russian pur
poses."
A dispatch to the Dally Telegraph from
Shanghai says that the missionaries from
Tsang Chou have safely arrired at Wei
Hal Wei.
THE ABOVE ARE FAIR SAMPLES OF THE BODY OF THE IMPERIAL INFANTRY ABOUT PEKING "WHO HAVE BEEN SEN'T TO SUPPRESS
THE BOXERS, AND ARE SAID TO HAVE JOINED THEM AND MARCHED TO OPPOSE ADMIRAL SEYMOUR'S ADVANCE TO THE RELIEF OF THE
LEGATIONS IN THE CHINESE CAPITAL. THE INSET PICTURE IS THAT OF MR. KING, THE DIRECTOR OF THE CHINESE TELEGRAPH SYS
TEM. WHO IS SAID TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INABILITY OF THE POWERS TO HEAR FROM THEIR REPRESENTATIVES IN PEKING OVER
OTHER LINES THAN THOSE HELD BY THE BOXERS.
CHINESE SOLDIERS ENGAGED IN A SHAM BATTLE*
8
J/\7V\ES E.
FOR THE
WIDOW AND ORPHANS
Given by the
Associated Theatrical Managers
7
The Hero of the Fire Department.
of San Francisco
ATTRACTIOHS FROM EVERY THEATER
IN THE CITY.
Reservations commence at the Grand Opera-
house NEXT TUESDAY MORNING.
Scats, fl. Tickets bn sale at Every Theater
In the city.
i * — — —^«^—
; SECOND AND LAST TTEEK
' Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success.
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Playing Nightly to Crowded Houses!
I Sung: by an Unrivaled Company. Including
! EDWIN STEVENS, ANNA LICHTER, FEK-
RI3 HARTMAN.
Telephone Bush 9.
—"THE GEISHA." —
Reserved Seats Are Now On Sale! !
POPULAR PRICES J5 and JO ceata
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Next Week— Revival of the Operatic Gern,
Littie-at- the -Time Payments.
A Stitch in Time Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect our
terms and prices before purchasing else-
where.
Bvery step a money saver.
Call and examine our large and ele-
gant stock. .
Estimates on complete house furnish-
ing cheerfully given.
Free Delivery Within 100 Miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.*
PHONE MAIN
MATINEE TO-MOnilO'W and SUNDAY..
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
A Homespun Heart
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 23c and 50c.
Good reserved seat in orchestra all
Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket OfKce Emporium.
Monday evening. July 2 — THE NEW
FRAWLEY COMPANY, tn Israel Zanir-
will's drama of Hebrew life, "THE CHIL-
DREN OF THE GHETTO." Sale of seats
commences June 23.
THE MOST ATTRACTIVE VAUDEVILLE
BILL OF THE SEASON!
CHARLES E. GBAPEWIN, assisted
by Miss Anna Chance & Co.
MUSICAL DALE.
VAN A NOBRIGA CO.; THE MARVELOUS
MERRILLS; SIDNEY DEANE; McDOMALD
BROTHERS: AMERICAN B1OGRAPH.
Last Week of
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Next Week— THE FOUR COHANS.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
sleep-producing agents or cocaine. .
These are the only dental parlors In . Saa
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and -warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. FuU' set of
teeth, |3; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold Crowns J5. Gold Fillings, $1. Silver Fill-
ings. 50c. AH work done by GRADUATE
DKNTISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience,
and each department In charge of a specialist.
Give us a call, and you will find us to do ex-
actly as we advertise. -We will tell you In ad-
vance exactly what your work will cost by a
FREE EXAMINATION.
_»f U|| *£n^lSil^l
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS, 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Not bo long ago everybody's curiosity
waa aroused by the appearance In town ol
a new "C."
It looks like this:
.The queer "C with a Tall" has made Its
way all over the United States, and here
as . everywhere it promptly Jumped into
popularity.
Why? .
Because the "C with a Tall" is a comet
of nealth followed by a coma of happiness
and joy. It has come to stay with us and
radiate its benefits In all directions.
The new "CMs part of the trademark
of Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the Idea*
laxative and guaranteed constipation cure.
They, make the liver lively, .tone up the
bowels, purify the blood, brace the brain,
put everything-, right as it should be. ' '
Buy and try Cascarets to-day. Ifa what
.they: do,' not what we say; they'll do, that
proves their merit. All druRglsts. 10c. 25c,
or 60c or mailed for price. Bend for book-
let • and .free sample. Address Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago; Montreal,- Can.; 'or
NewAYork.
- > ' y.: This Is the CASCARET tab-
r /a ra «a l Iet - v Every tablet of the only
I ' II H ll I genuine Cascarets bears -the
I Ab li» h I magic letters "CCC." Look
hy_____/4 at the tablet before you buy.
Nj___j/ r and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
New **C" in Town.
Every One Has Noticed the
G. WITH: A TAIL!
It Has Come to Stay Wltb Us Forever.
Health Follows In Its Trail— A Wel-
come Awaits It Everywhere.
p||p^ WOMDERM
RUPTURE CUREp.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Trusa" Dr. Pierc* gave to
the public tne most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of
Hernia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferer*
have been permanently relieved and radically
CURED by this great appliance and thousands
_« nthors Giro now on the rostvu to coniplfits r©*
covery This Truss Is different from all other*.
Vou'ca? se? 25 "BOOKLET No. V by call-
"MAGNETIC ELASTIG TRUSS CO.,
62O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
E»ery Night, loeludiag 8&a£*7. Matinee Satnrday.
KELLAR
THE GKEAT MAGICIAN.
Presenting a 'Wonderful Proirramme* ot
MYSTIFYING MARVELS.
PRICES— 25c, Sac. 50c. 75c and a.
—NEXT MOXDAT—
... HENRY MILLER...
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
6 NIGHTS— MATIN KES WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAT.
The Comedy. "MISS HOBBS."
Seats now ready— Jl 50, $1. 7TjC, 50c, ££. 25c
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
The RaStns Sensation.
Seats— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats Six Days in Advance, at Box
Only.
THIRD WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SL*NDAT.
B&Sgf&Wtt
Order Seats hy Phone— Park 23.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
HALL SUBDUING WALLACE
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTtR CAKEWALK. *
CHUTES AND ZOO.^&IST
BRIGHT, BRILLIANT,
BUOYANT, BEAUTIFUL.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
In a Magnificent Production of HOTT3
A Milk White Flag
AH This and Next "Week— Only Matlr.ee
Next— "A DAT AND A NIGHT."
Saturday.
CTCPWP'R'QI CONCERT HOUSE.
LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIO.
ABRAMOFF. In Last Act of "LA FOKZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Mowry. Dra-
matic Soprano, and Isabella Underwood.
Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPETN XIGHT3.
i. Open Pallv from 7 a. m. to 11 n. m. .
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. ra.
ADMISSION 10c.. CHILDREV 5c. ..:'-,,
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; < * h mr*~_ 2Qa>
IA/. T. HESS.
, • KOTAKT; PUBLIC AND ATTORKEY-AT-Li-y.
Tenth ' Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bide.
• Telephone Brown 931. '
-Residence. S21 California, at., below . Powell.
Ean Francisco. . .
vi»r? OR «OR DAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
' r: CTfe V 1351 1_BSST CT. tot. 6-.*7&, 3.f .Ccl.
• qI%. '> • The Larznt Anatomical Museum In I8e
', __J_«_' • Woitd i Weafcnetses of *ay contracted
WKS WM disease pc»ill»«-ly cared by the oldest
ffte? £31 " Specialist cu the Coau. EsL^Syoart-
fl§gf I OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
FfumH Comultation freo and tfrfcriy printe.
fl-Q^*H Tn itment personally or by letter. A
¦ ff\l B /"«.«»« Oureln every case undertaken. '
m I \\B> - -Write for Book. PBILOSOPnV «»
"ll '¦ I!' aiinnucc, mailed freb. ja
' O ti **"¦* fete book for mra) '
, »S JOBDAN — CO.; 1051 ilartet St.a F.
REYNOLD'S
j-^^^7^ \^^^^ >1^^^^^ •*¦ ' be conflned by
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to thu rem-
edy, then, a single dose ia often sufficient
K. FOCGERA «Jfc CO., SO.3O X. William St.. W.*.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| S AOKEAT UKaTC NATIVE. INVlOOitA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot the KU.
ocy» and Bladder. .- Bells on its own merits.
NA BER, ALPS * BRUN E. Agents!
K3 Markat St.. 8. F.— <Send for Circular.)
VACATION
SHOES
AT •
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.!.!.^ |
FOR THIS WEEK.
LADIES' TAMPICO GOAT BUTTON SHOES.
Welts '****
LADIES' FRENCH KID. (Herbert)
SHOES -° o
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, LXV heel.... J>5
MEN'S TAN HAND WELT LACE
SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widtha;_
sizes 9. 10, 11 S1.W
MEN'C CALF BUTTON and CONGRESS.
full plain toe, small sires, narrow
widths -• « 75
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot -2o
' Most all of above small sizes.
|t~ NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We will not exchange or return money on
these eooda.
See prices In windows and bargain counter.
We al«o have full lines of new Summer Foot-
wear. Popular prices. ~.-_»'\; :
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S.F.
June 29th
GRAND OPERA°HOIJSE _£i_
FRIDAY AFTERNOON
CONTRIBUTORS
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....19OO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
EEV. EDWAED EVEEETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HIGGINSON,
Cambridge, Mass.
ELIZABETH STUAET PHELPS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON SMITH,
New York City.
HARRIET PRESCOTT SFOFFOBD,
Washington, D. C.
FRANK A. VANDEELIP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
G. STANLEY HALL, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.*
FILOFESSOR JAMES F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Ilaverford College.
JZSSE MACY, LL.L.,
Iowa College.
WILLIAM J. BOLFE, LITT. D.,
Cambridge, Mass.
O. ~P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
A- c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MAEGAEET AlNSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PBOFESSOB. G. R. CARPENTER,
Columbia University.
EEV. LYMAK P. POWELL,
Author of American Historic Town
• Series.
JAMES A- WOODBUEN, Ph. D.,
Indiana University.
WILLIAM HOU3TON, M. A_,
MacMaster University. Toronto.
GEOEGE M. WEONG, M. A,;
University of Toronto.
CHARLES H. SMITH, LL. D.,
Tale University.
PAUL C. PTLEER, Ph. D., M. D.,
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TOOKER, M. D.,
Chicago.
OSCAE H. ALLIS, M. p.,
Philadelphia.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
ARTHUR HOEBER, t
Art Editor New York "Commercial
Advertiser."
And others wrjose names appeal
Ii) connection with the programn)*
of studies.
.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellenc* main-
tained by these hotels 1b recognized aad
appreciated by a discriminating and f as-
tidloua clientele who re&ularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage ot
having street cars to all points ot Interest
paea the entrance.' '••.;*' v
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A-MTTSTrWENTS.The Writer, Whose Body Was Found
hy Heindeer Herders, Had Tried
to Make His Way , From St.
Michael to New Fields.
- • :.'</
Special Disjjatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 21.— Nome news
papers received here tell of the finding of
traces of a tragedy by reindeer herders
in a district contiguous to Nome. Dr. W.
H. Gamble, superintendent of the reindeer
station at Cape Denbigh, says his herd
ers have discovered the body of a, man,
on whose remains papers were found tell
ing of terrible privations and starvation.
Thrse papers state that the victim was
sailing in a small boat from St. Michaei
to Nome, and after experiencing the
greatest hardships landed at the point
which he believed to be an Island. A num
ber of Indians assisted him to land. On
the 10th of December, he writes, he was
there nfty-two days waiting for the ice
to form, that he might get off the island,
as he called It. Writing on December 14
he states that he came from British Co
lumbia and had been on the trail for two
years. On December 15 he states thai
while at the coast at a village, presuma
bly Shatollk, he helped two men two days
building a boat named Frank Leslie
which was painted black.
The name of the unfortunate man Is.
John Bacon, and the papers on him were
addressed to James Cahlll, followed by
an Illegible word commencing with th»
letter H. Dr. Gamble said these were all
the particulars he could glean from th©
Laplanders, but he would go out and in
vestigate the case and have the body bu
rled away from the dogs and ravens
In a full report of discoveries made by
the- doctor a short . time afterward - to
United States "Marshal Lee, It transpires
that the records of the dead man showeo
that his death was directly due . to the
Indians, whose attitude was so threaten
ing that he was obliged to give them the
bulk of ; his scanty, supply of food.. The
record Is one of the most pitiful in the
annals of the north.
Pitiful Tale of Hardships
and Privations Told
in a Diary.
DIED OF HUNGER
ON TIE TRAIL
TO CAPE NOME
Remarkable Utterances of Herr Mer
tel During a Political
Speech.
BERLIN, June 21.— A sensation ¦ has
been- caused by , a declaration, of Herr
Mertel. a member of the Reichstag and
editor in chief of the Deutsche - Tages
Zeitung, the agrarian organ, who, in the
course of a political speech at Ebernburg,
said:
"Our next war will be naval and against
England. Of this we have been quietly
assured by the Government and It was
because of this assurance that the agra
rians voted for the naval bill."-.
CONTRACT WAS UNLAWFUL.
Supreme Court Upholds the Booth
• Case Decision.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. June 21.— The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the decision
of the lower court which convicted A. V.
Booth of Chicago of unlawfully contract-
Ing In- writing with the Weare Commis
sion Company an option to buy 10,000
bushels of corn at a future time, cohtrary
to the statute.
The decision Is Important in that It de
clares the Illinois law regarding puts and
calls to be valid.: The defense was 'based
on constitutional grounds. The court does
not hold. that a contract to buy grain' for
future delivery is unlawful, but holds that
the Booth-Weare contract - did < not » bind
Booth to take the corn on. deli very day
and was merely a gamble in, prices' of
corn. .'.
Pensions for Coast Veterans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— The following
pensions- were Issued 'to-day: .:•.
California— Original— Omcr ¦ A.- Balrd, Sacra
mento, J6: Paul Hallsa, Veterans' Home, Napa,'
$12. Restoration— Solomon "T. Worden, Shan
don $G. Increase— Parley Eaton, - Tracy, . $12;
Thomas Harkness, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles.,
$10- Louis Frack, Soldiers'. Home, Los Angeles
$8. Original— Louis* S.-Albaugh, Roosena. |15:
Mary Ann Lynch, San ?Francisco," \%; Eliza E.
Madden, -Los Anseles,. $8.>- :.
Oregon— Mary K. Carpenter, .Glenwood, $8.
Washington— Original— Anthony ¦ C. Fletcher,
Northport. W; William "J.' Harris, Mdntesano,
*S. • Renewal— Albert Chandler,- North YaUima
$6. Increaee— George N . , 8tormes. > Spokane, r Ja :
John Bywater, Wenatchee, ts.
Muir Glacier Shattered.
SEATTLE. . June Zi. --Captain*, Heckman
of the, steamship. Queeh;*just;in:fronrAl
aska, says that .the! earthquake. In Alaska
last .October completely destroyed the sea
end o£ the Mulr glacier. .TheQueen sailed
through fragments and Icebergs , for '¦ rive
miles, , but failed :to;see" anything of ;the
old formation. '-.
Eight British Officers Killed During
a Sortie from the Fort at
Eumassi.
ACCRA. June 21.— Sir Frederick Hodg
son, Governor of the Gold Coast Colony,
according to reports from Kumassi, was
wounded ln the shoulder during 1 the recent
sortie from the fort. It Is also rumored
that eight officers: were killed.
Provisions at Kumaasi are scarce and
there are many wounded. The investment
is so complete that.no one is able to
-leave. Great privations are endured by
the native population. Day by day the
position is becoming more precarious, and
there are no prospects of relief.
GERMAN PREDICTS WAR
WITH GREAT BRITAIN
Seven Distinct Propositions Adopted
and Submitted to General
MacArthur.
MANILA. June 21.— Two hundred Fill
plnos met this morning in Manila to deter
mine honorable and decorous methods for
securing peace. The results were submit
ted this evening to General MacArthur,
who accepted them.
Senor Paterno presided and Senor Buen
camlno. the originator of the movement.
Senor Flores, General Plo del Pilar. Gen
eral Garcia, General Macabulos and other
prominent revolutionists were present.
It was evident that Senor Paterno was
convinced that he could obtain Aguln
aldo's sanction to a peace based upon the
following peven clauses, which, after four
hours, were unanimously accepted as com
patible with an honorable peace:
First— Amnesty.
Second— The return by the Americans to the
Filipinos of confiscated property. : . '
Third — Employment for the '- revolutionary
renerala in the navy and militia when estab-
lathed . . .
Fourth— The application of the Filipino rev-
enuff to succor needy Filipino soldiers.
Fifth — A guarantee to the Filipinos of the
exercise of personal rights accorded to Ameri
cans by their constitution.
Sixth— Establishment at civil governments at
Manila and ln the provinces.
Seventh— Expulsion of the friars.
The statement of the seventh condition
was vociferously acclaimed, the entire as
semblage shout'ng. ''Expel, expel." . '
PORTLAND. Or.. June 21.— The United
States transport Lenox arrived to-day
from Manila.
GOLD COAST COLONY'S
GOVERNOR WOUNDED
FILIPINOS MEET AND
NAME TERMS FOR PEACE
Diplomas Awarded a Mixed
Class of Eighty-Six at -
San Jose.
Address to the Students Delivered
bv Father R. E Kenna of
Santa Clara Col
lege.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June -21. — The regular mid
summer graduating exercises at the State
Normal School were held this morning be
fore-an audience of friends and relatives
of the scholars that crowded the Assem
bly Hall.
The place was prettily decorated with
plants and . flowers. There were eighty
six graduates, nine of whom were young
men. , ,<¦-•.'.- --
The exercises opened, with the' anthem,
"In Thee, O Lord. -I Put My Trust." by
the school. Rev. Dr. Haskell offered an
Invocation. The St. Cecilia Club rendered
an "Ave llaria," -Father R. E. Kenna,
president of Santa Clara College, deliv
ered an . address to the students. Miss
Lena-Dumouriez rendered a vocal solo,
"Daughter of Error," and alsq a piano
solo. Charlotte Ada Nyman, president of
the class, presented the school with a
line picture and a response was made by
Alexander Sheriffs.
Principal McXaughton then presented
the diplomas to the graduates, who wero
as follows:
Bessie Bell Applegate, Mrs. Medora Arnold.
Delia Aulman. Mona Aulman, Anne Giver Ben
netts. Grace Leona Bishop, Blanche Ethel Dla
cow, Ella N. Brlnkman, Ruby Hamlln Brown,
Annie M. Butler, Clara M. Calglesser. Mary
Joanna Carroll, June Swain Chappell, Joseph
ine S. Charlson. Alva F. CThrlstmaD. Anna- Lo
retta ClafTey, Isabella 1. Clark, Emma A. Cox,
Gertrude Crawford, Mabel C. Dlmon, Julia Lu
cll" I Union, Julia Ada Drew, Lena Dumourlex,
Carolyn Z. Edwards, Frances Emory. Rose
Helen Ehriich. Miriam- A. Estes, Frederick
Raymond Estes, Isabel N. Ferguson, Maud
Fobes, - Beatrice R. French, Mary Arthur
French. Anna K. Hardy. Nettle Aurllla Hew
lett. Annie I^oulse Hinds, Nina L. Huffman.
Ora Mae Huston. Loutse Afn>s Inrlli, Isabel
M. Kersell, Winifred Cliff Kin*. Maria George
Klein, Edward W. Rotting er, Esther May
Lamb,' Jane A. Lawrence. Joseph Flint Leon
ard. Edith Levenla Martin. Frank Gearhart
MaUE, Annie L. McBride. Lois Bessie McKln
ney. Ids P. McMlUIn, Arms Metzger, Anna E.
Morrison, Otto J. Mouron, Ada Florence Mur
phey. May Belle Murphy, Clara B. Key, Emm*
Noble. Charlotte Ada ; Xyman, Edith Bernlce
Oliver, Esther May Paul. Gertrude C. Peckham.
Hattle B. Phoenix, 'Anna Poison, Maud M.
Prior,' DolIIe Minta Ralston, Marie C. Rasmus
sen. Ruth Raymond, Catherine C. E. Reardon.
Mary. Elizabeth Reardon, Kenneth • F. Rey
nolds,. Lucy E. Kichardson, Ella L. Roll..Eliza
beth May Sanpent, lima Schweyer, Erma Irene
Simon, Clara M. Spauldlnu, Olive May E. Ste
phens, Ethel Stldston, Gavin James Telfer,
Emma E. Tindell. Grace M. Turner. Walter E.
Ulrlce, - Laura Imogen .Vestal, Mrs. Maud H.
Wleland." Maude Alice Woodsum, Helen- Ger
trude Young.
The'class. officers were: President, Char
lotte Ada Nyman: vice president. Beatrice
R. French; secretary, Kenneth F. Rey
nolds; treasurer, Artus Metzger.
Chico Graduates.
,; CHICO, June. 21.—Commencement exer
cises of the State Normal School were
held In Normal-Hall this evening. Pro
fessor. K. C.-Babcock of the University of
California delivered, the address to the
graduates. The following were granted
diplomas:
Anna Adele Bare, Lottie M. Bed well, Jennie
H. Boyle, Myrtle Brown, Lee J. Bruce. Evie
Kate Burt, Artie Alice Christian. Hadassah
Cleek. Elizabeth Ravis.Cosby, < William Hazen
Eastman. M. Gabriejle Flanagan. Sadie A
Gaffney, H. Bert Glover, Scott Hendrlcks. Mary
Arr.elia. Hetschel,'Agnes A. Hoffman, Fred L.
Hutchlnson: Laura MableLopp. Olive V. Mar
tin. Margaret Jeannette Matthews, James Mat
!ocR;.s Julia; H. McCormaek. Flora Anna > Mc-
Neil, i Janet Ruth Mery, George E. Mortensen
Mattie Louise Parks.' Theralz Agatha Pepln*
Ovid- H. Kltter. Florence Rummelsburr Har
riet Schofield, Myrtle I. Shonkwiler. Richard
M. Sisk. Mattie Irena Springer. Mary Maude
Standrord. Cyril A. Stebblns. Eleanor Fay Stll
son.' Rose Taber. Mary Taylor. •
MIDSUMMER
GRADUATIONS AT
NORMAL SCHOOLS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 21. — The California
State Sunday School Convention decided
to-day to advance the work of organiza
tion and for this purpose elected 'Earl S.
Blngham general secretary at a salary of
$100 per year. A short business session
was held. • . ./
The reports < of the --various- officers
showed great progress, and* the executive
committee outlined a course for the com
ing year. The convention closed its labors
this evening and delegates all agreed it
was the greatest meeting of Sunday
school workers held on the coast.
Interest in tho sessions of the conven
tion has Increased. The First Methodist
Church was crowded at ; the three meet-
Ings to-day. Delegates praise highly~tho
hospitality of the local -Sunday schools
and churches. To-morrow the various de
nominations will hold separate meetings.
In the afternoon many of the delegates
will make a trip to Mount Hamilton and
others will be taken for a ride about the
county.
The nominating committee reported the
following names for officials for the en
suing year, and they were unanimously
elected:
President. Rev. W. S. Hasklnson of Sacra
mento.
Vice presidents— Rev. Philo Phelps of Sali
nas L. 1 M. Walters of Fresno, A. D. McKelvey,
Rev. J. J. Morean of Woodland.
General State secretary, Karl S. Dlnitham of
San Jo«e. * ., "- • '
State statistical secretary. Mrs. Charles Harp
Assistant secretary. Miss Alice Ball oi San
Jose.
Treasurer, J. V. Bacon of Oakland.
Superintendent of primary work. Miss Helen
Babb of San Jose.
Superintendent of home department. Rev.
Geortfe E- Dye of Willows.
Superintendent of normal work, H. T. Plant
of Saratoga. - •
Executive committee— Rev. Alfred Kumrr.er.
J. L. Vanderwerker and G. W\ .Smith • cf San
Jose, W. "M. White of Woodland aud C. M.
Campbell of Sacramento.
* H. Morton, the retiring superln'. undent of nor
mal work, was nominated as a member of the
International executive committee an3 olected
to represent California.
The morning session of the convention
was opened by chorus singing under Pro
fessor Excell. Robert T. Bonsall of Cin
cinnati explained the teaching ' of . the
Sunday-school lesson for next Sunday. A
round table on "The Home Department"
was conducted by Marlon Lawrence. The
rest of tha session was given over to
business. - ¦";¦¦ ¦* ' *
A paper on "Normal Education," ;"by
Henry T. Plant of Saratoga, opened the
afternoon exercises. Rev. Alexander
Henry 'of Philadelphia discussed the sub
ject of "Sunday-school Progress."
A children's rally followed. The Sun
shine Chorus, composed of seventy-five
children, furnished some especially fine
music. An Illustrated talk, "The Heart
Wash Day," was given by Marlon Law-"
rence. ¦ , . .
A fine praise service under charge of
Professor Excell, opened the evening ses
sion. An address on "Denominational Co
operation" was given by Rev. E. S. Lewis
of Columbus, 'Ohio. Marion Lawrence
spoke on "The Sunday-school Teacher, as
a Soul Winner.',' > - - •
¦ ¦ The convention proper then adjourned,
the delegates and vast audience rising and
singing "God Be With You Till We Meet
Mrs Charles Harp 'of Stockton. ¦ statis
tical secretary, submitted a report for the
northern counties of the State. Over
thirty counties, are organized - and the
work Is being rapidly pushed.
General Secretary Earl S; BIngham told
of his extensive; travel: over 'the -State for
the association. = Forty-eight conventions
were visited in the State and over 100 ad
dresses made. Santa, Clara County had
made the ¦ most rapid * strides. The«asso
ciation •-- comprised \ 1100 Sunday-schools,
with a membership of over 91.000.- A sus
taining membership in the State associa
tion of 4f»0 was reported. The counties of
Santa 4 Clara, Sacramento, Tulare. Te
hama; Glenn. Monterey. San Luis Obispo,
Placer, El "Dorado, - Contra Costa and
Napa had sustained their money pledges
to the association. Treasurer -J. V. Ba
con of Oakland had received > $807 77 - from
organized counties.-; Bills of $167 25 were
still .unpaid. "The .'report of J Rev. L. M.
Walters of Fresno '¦ on future work - gave
a hopeful outlook for the association.
Annual Reports Show That Great
Progress Has Been Hade Along
All Lines During the
Year.
Adjournment of a Successful
Convention at San
Jose.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL
WORKERS CHOOSE
NEW OFFICERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— The trustees of
the State Normal School, at their
annual meeting to-day, wielded the
ax freely and when they emerged
from the executive session the
heads of seven of the most prominent
teachers had been lopped off. Heading
the list was Principal James McXaugh
ton, who Is succeeded by Morris Elmer
Dailey, for the past year vice principal,
rhe others dropped are: Lucy M. Wash
burn, physiology; J. IL Elwood. music;
Cornelia Walker, history of education
md primary methods; Mrs. A. E. Bush,
rurator of the museum; Gerhard Schoof,
drawing; Una Eugenia Fowler, English,
Mrs. C. L. Place, head of the training
Jepartmont, and C. J. C. Bennett, teacher
:>f psychology, tendered their resigna
tions. The former is to engage in other
ausinese. and the latter goes to Germanv
:o study. Miss Caroline L. Fiedler, teaeh
;r in the training school, was elected head
?f the training department.
The dropping or Principal McNaughton
2id not create any surprise, as for the
'ear he ha* been at the head of the school
;he institution has lacked discipline and
there has b^en much trouble. He came
here a year ago from Arizona under a
rlou<J and th«> Alumni .Association pre
ferred charges of immorality and incom
jeteticy against him. On investigation,
lou-ever, the trustees upheld McNaugh-
McNaughton's Successor.
Principal Dailey. who succeeds him, has
seen connected with the school for the
iast year. He formerly was Superintend
-nt of the Fresno City Schools and is a
rraduato of Indiana University.
The other teachers dismissed had been
-ennc-eted with the school for a lone time.
t several of them for nearly twenty years.
Professor L. B. Wilson was appointed vice
principal. The new teachers selected are:
Mrs. K. Rousseau of Bakersfield. precep
tress; Mrs. George Goodell, Stockton,
music; Miss Callle Vivian, drawing; W.
H. Baker, Fresno, mathematics; Miss
Maud Smith, Sargents, secretary of the
board. Miss Elizabeth Blasdel, formerly
secretary, was made registrar of the
faculty and assistant librarian. The rest
of the teachers and employes were re
elected.
The full board — Trustees Brown (chair
man). Pierce. Leavltt. Short, Sweigert and
State Superintendent Kirk— was present.
Dr. H. C. Brown was re-elected president
of the board. The president's report was
received, and a petition that Spanish be
added to the course of studies was re
ferred to the joint Board of Trustees.
Chico Normal's Instructors.
CHICO, June 21.— The Board of Trus
tee? of the State Normal located at Chico
met this morning and elected the follow
ing teachers for the . ensuing year:
Charles C. Van Liew. president, teacher
of philosophy and professor of education;
Miner L» Seymour, vice president, teachei
of zoology and physiology; Francis Par
meter.-, preceptress and teacher of Eng
lish; Helen Elliott, assistant teacher of
English; Ernest Henderson, psychol
ogy, history and. philosophy of education;
Esther M. Wilson, music and art; Elmet
I. Miller, history, political* science ' and
g-eojzraphy; Alva N. Stamper, mathemat
ics; Maxwell Adams, chemistry and phys
ics; Ray E. Chase, botany; Emma A.
Wiison. supervisor of training and pri
mary department: Mrs. Clara McQuade.
kindergarten department: Aimee Jo*nes,
assistant teacher in English; LJdaLen
non. music and art; Georgia Calden. as.
sistant teacher in mathematics: Anna
Swain, teacher In grammar department;
Mamie Hall. Ruth Mery and Mari«
I Brown, assistants in primary department;
S Susan T. Smith, librarian.
In the tank of the locomotive and formed
a gas and as soon as Quinn's candle came
In contact with it the explosion occurred.
The concussion was heard all over town
and ln consequence attracted everybody
to the roundhouse before the flre alarm
was sounded. In a brief time hundreds
ofexcited people from both this city and
Kern were on the scene. A large num
ber of men are employed at the machine
shop and roundhouse and therefore many
families of Kern had members working
in the shops. When- the names burst sky
ward the excitement was Intense. Women
ran frantically about the burning build
ing wringing their hands and eagerly in
quiring for the welfare of their dear ones.
ThiB community has never witnessed such
terrible excitement.
Young Gilmore was~the only. one of the
victims who had any relatives ln town.
His old mother lived -within a block of
the flre. When she was Informed of the
death of her son she set up a wall that
brought tears to the eyes of the assem
bled multitude. He was her only support-
Many of the- locomotives wero of the lat
est make. Four of them were Immense
"hogs." used for -pulling heavy freights
over the Tehachapi grade. From all ap
pearances none of them will be fit f»r
more than scraplron. The two that were
saved did not escape without considerable
damage. The loss will seriously interfere
with the company's, business. The shop
has a'weU-drille&nre company of Its own,
with modern apparatus, which was gal
lantly handled during the flre. Nothing
was left undone to save life and property.
BAKERSFTELD, June 21.— The South
ern Pacific roundhouse' at Kern was com
pletely.' destroyed by ¦ lire; to-day. Two
men lost their lives in the conflagration
and several were ' injured. Thirteen loco
motives were in the house at the time.
Two that had steam up were saved. The
remainder were badly warped and dam
aged. The estimated loss is about J350.000.
The fire Is supposed to have originated
from an explosion of gas. in the oil tank
of engine 1327, which had been run in for
repairs. Machinist Qulun, .late of.. .San
Bernardino, was sent to fix the engine.
The tank had been. relieved of oil some
time before. The Chinese . helper said
Qulnn went ln the pit under the engine
with a lighted candle. In a few minutes
an explosion occurred and, before the Chi
naman could flee from tha house the
wbole interior of the building was a mass
of flames. The Chinaman was quite bad
ly burned. After the fire the charred re
mains of Qulnn were found under the en
gine, as if he had been In the act of
crawling from the olt. The Remains of
Byrd Gilmore, an apprentice, aged 17
years, were also found burned to a crisp
alongside the engine. The building was
of very combustible material, the • roof
being composed of tar paper and as
phaltum.
Machinist Dearbury and Boilermaker
John Kennedy of Los Angeles were among
the injured. Kennedy died this evening.
It Is supposed that some oil remained
To compare the commerce of 1900 with
that of 1S0O Is to contrast the railway, the
steamship, the telegraph and the tele
phone of to-day with the Conestoga
wagon, the sailing vessel and the mall
coach of- a century ago. Then railways
and steamships and telegraphs were un
known, and as a consequence only the lit
tle margin of territory bordering directly
upon the rivers, lakes and oceans could
successfully participate in that which Is
now usually designated as commerce. To
be sure,. the term commerce applies, strict
ly speaking, to the Interchange of com
modities or traffic ln ' merchandise wher
ever found, but the term to-day is usually
meant to apply | to exchanges between na
tions, continents or great business centers.
The. commerce existing among the conti
nents a. century ago was necessarily car
ried on by sailing vessel*. True, experi
ments with steamboats had been made in
the. closing years of the eighteenth cen
tury, but they had not been put into prac
tical operation until after the beginning of
the nineteenth century, it being ln 1S1D
I that the steamer Savannah made a voy
age from Savannah*, Ga., to Liverpool.
England, occupying even then twenty-two
days for a trip which steamships now eas
ily make In a week. The first vessel en-
I gaged in commerce between New Tork
and China occupied from February 22, 17S4,
until May 11, 17S3, nearly flfeen months,
in making the trip to that country, dis
posing of Its cargo and reaching New
York with the' goods which It brought In
exchange. The railway, of course, did not
come until toward the middle of the cen
tury, and as a consequence only the little
margin of land bordering upon the lakes,
rivers and oceans could participate in the
interchange of the heavier commodities,
since transportation by wagons or pack
animals was extremely slow and expen
sive, making profitable Interchange Impos
sible except In the extremely light and
very valuable articles. The caravans
which transported the silks and spices
from the Orient to European countries
consumed many months ln their trip, and
the heavy expense of transporting even
the lightest and most t valuable articles
was increased by the heavy losses by rea
son of bandits on land, while the vessels
which transported goods by sea were also
in constant danger from pirates, who
swarmed the most frequented parts of the
ocean. A month was consumed in sending
communications or merchandise between
the United States and those parts of Eu
rope which are now reached by telegraph
In a few moments and by steamship in
less than six days. Communication which
is now Instantaneous not only among cit
ies upon our cwn continent, but among
the various continents and all parts of the
world, then was no more rapid than, the
transmission of merchandise. The Bale or
purchase of goods ln Europe o^ the
Orient, which Is now frequently performed
by wire in a few minutes, was then meas
ured by weeks or months, and this relates
as well to the transmission of the neces
sary funds for completing a business
transaction as to the mere order for the
purchase or sale of the articles entering
into commerce. Then weeks were occu
pied In sending an order for the purchase
of goods, and It had to be accompanied
by actual money current with the trader
at all points, which thus lay idle during
the long. period occupied by its transmis
sion. To-day both the order and the
funds may be transmitted from city to
city and continent to continent ln a mo^
ment of time. Then a fringe of territory
from fifteen to thirty miles ln width along
the navigable waterways was all that
could successfully forward its heavier
products t.o.the market, and as a conse
quence vast areas of productive land and
untold supplies cf mineral wealth lay un
touched, undeveloped and valueless from
a commercial standpoint.
But with the application of steam power
to land transportation conditions quickly
changed. Railways permeate our entire
country and bring every part of It Into
touch with every other part, and with all
the world. Tnese great transporting
facilities are steadily pushing their
way toward the equator and also
gaining a foothold in the south
temperate zone, and thus bringing its
enormous areas of fertile land and pro
ductive forests Into touch with the great
consuming world. The cost of railway
construction has been greatly reduced,
and with this the cost of transportation,
so that many articles which only a few
years ago could not enter Into commerce
now form an important feature of the
transactions between the great business
centers of the globe.
The advance of transportation facilities
upon the ocean has been almost as won
derful as upon the land. In the first quar
ter of the century commerce was com
pelled to rely upon the sailing vessel for
the transportation of bulky as well as the
more valuable and costly articles of mer
chandise. When toward the middle of the
century the construction of iron vessels
began, and almost simultaneously the
screw propeller was substituted for the
paddle-wheel steamer, the wonders of
ccean transportation developed very rap
idly. These improvements in turn were
followed by the use of steel . Instead of
iron, bv which the carrying power of the
vessel "was Increased 20 per cent. With,
these developments came an enormous in
crease In both size, spctd and carrying
power of the vessels, and the great steel
steamships which to-day ply the ocean in
everv direction carry each as milch as a
considerable fleet of sailing vessels car
ried at the beginning of the century. They
transport' goods with much greater speed
and at a trifling cost compared with that
of earlier periods. Not only have they an
enormous advantage in speed and carry
ing capacity but In the matter of safety
and the power of propulsion against head
winds and storms there is given to ocean
traffic an enormous advantage over that
of the beginning of the century. Another
great gain. to ocean traffic which has come
with the last half of the century is the
elimination of piracy from the seas and
the freedom from losses of property and
even life from these causes.
It Is impossible in the limits of a study
of this character to do more than outline
the causes of the wonderful change ln
commerce, and especially in 'International
commerce, and to suggest some of the
more prominent facts with reference to
Its growth both as to causes and results.
As already indicated, the causes are the
increased facilities for the production and
transmission of articles - entering Into
commerce and ¦ of rapid transmission of
thought between man and man ln what
ever part of the world. At the beginning
of the century telegraphs and cables were
unknown and It was not- until after the
middle of the period urider consideration
that they began to contribute to the facil
ities of commerce, while the practical ap
plication of steamships and railways was
but slightly earlier. At the. beginning of
the century there were no steamships and
the tonnage of the world's shipping was.
In round numbers. 4,000 000 tons. .
With the application of steam the carry
ing power of a vessel was greatly in
creased, because with the Increased speed
It could make so many more trips In a
given time and as a consequence statisti
cians ' usually estimate that the annual
carrving power of a steam vessel is four
times that of a sailing vessel of equal -ton
.nape Hence the Introduction of steam
upon the oceans -and rivers multiplied
verv rapidly the carrying power of the
vessels, so that the carrying power of the
world's shippine. which In 1S0O was 4.000.0f»
ton« had by 1530 become 15,000.000 tons, by
1S75 3O.OC3.O0O tons and at the present time
Is probably 65.000,000 tons. The latest offi
cial Information puts the tonnage of the
sailing vessels In 1S99 at over 10.000.000 tons
and that of steam vessels at over 13.000.ooo
tons, and reducing this to the sail stand
ard, by which everything was; measured
a- century ago. it gives the "carrying
power" at; about the figure named.
Meantime railways, which are ~ to • the
land all that Bteamshlps are to the oc?an>
and even more, because they bring all of
the land surface In contact with the water
upon which sail or steam vessels may
transport goods, have increased witn
equal rapidity. At the beginning of the
century there were almost none; by ISoO
the total mileage of railways ln the world
was, in round terms, about 25.WW miles;
about 1S75." however, the total reached
nearly 200,000 miles and now amounts to
430.000 miles, or sufficient to engirdle the
earth eighteen times. The total value of
the commerce between nations, which at
the beginning of the century was less than
?2.uOO,OoO,000, is now about J20.uoo.0OU.uO0.
There are other causes which account
ln part for the rapid growth of the
world's commerce. A century ago the
commerce of the Orient was a sealed book
to the nations of Europe and America.
True, the great commercial companies of
turope— the East India Company of Eng
land and similar but less powerful organi
zations ln other European countrles^ — car
ried on commerce in a limited way with
India and China, establishing what they
called "factories" at points on the coasts
of those countries, where a limited com
merce was carried on with the immediate
ly surrounding population through tha
medium of local merchants. The factory,
so called, was not a factory in the sense In
which the word is now generally used, but
a depot where the company deposited its
goods and sold them through a "factor"
or agent, who was placed in charge of
them. These factors were only permitted
to transact business through certain indi
viduals designated for that purpose, thla
being especially the case ln China, and
it was not until nearly the middle of the
century that Great Britain, closely Tol
loweu by the United States, brought about
the opening of trade ln China. In 1&4 tha
L nited States accomplished the same re
sults in Japan. These incidents were
quickly followed by a general awakening
of Interest ln commercial matters
throughout the Orient. As a result the
commerce of the countries lying commer
cially adjacent to Manila, now so familiar
to the people of the United States, at
present amounts to more than COoO.000.Ooo
per annum, their purchases alone from
?}, he £ -. P arts °f the world amounting to
Jltw.OoO.ow for every month ln the year— a
/act which seems to Justify the people of
the United States in now expecting in
creased commerce with that part of the
. As to the share which the United States
has had in this wonderful development of
commerce, and the part which it now
plays in the enormous trajflc of the
world, the story is one of equal interest,
and discloses developments even moro
rapid and more surprising. At the begin
ning of the century our total commerce
amounted to but J16O.CO0.00O. against more
than J2.Q0O,0OO.0OU to-day, and even that
was something phenomenal as compared
with only a decade earlier. The record of
American commerce in the opening years
of the century la a peculiar one. The wars
between the great nations of Europe had
rendered It almost impossible for Euro
pean shipping to engage In International
commerce, both because of the destruction
wt 8h| P s b >* those of the countries
which were at war with each other and
by the fact that their people and their
shipping were compelled to give their at
tention to these wars. American sailing
ships, known as "clipper" ships, were then
the llnest and fastest in the world, and as
a result of these conditions in Europe
they obtained a large share of the carry
1&v5 rado S f tho This fact, coupled
with the increasing supplies which the
people of the United States were able to
furnish to meet the wants of Europe, le
gitimately increased our commerce very
considerably. In addition to this, how
ever, our apparent commerce was greatly
swelled by peculiar circumstances. The
Iaw3 of Great Britain prohibited the trans
portation of commodotles between her col-
e f ? nd l the mother country In other than
British ships; but as this was then im
practicable and there was great demand
in England for the products of the colo
nies, the laws were construed to permit
the transportation, of this cLaas ot gooii-t
In American vessels, provided the goods
from the colonies were first landed In the
I nited States, and so could be reported as
exports from this country. A further con
struction permitted vessels loading in the
British colonies merely to touch American
ports, and, without even unloading the
goods, report them as Imports Into and
exports from the United States. As a con
sequence. thi3 peculiar condition appar
ently swelled our commerce greatly and
accounts in part for the fact that it In
creased from J43.0CO.000 in 17S0 to J161,0G0.0i«
in 1S00. and to J246.000.000 in 1S07. With the
troubles which rose between the United
States and Great Britain, however, with
reference to th& imprassment of American
sailors, and which led to the war of 1812.
this apparently enormous increase Auickly
disappeared, and the records of our com-
m ?"^'/wS' h L ch ln 1S07 sh° w ed a total of
f 216^-^ dropped to JSO.000.000 in 1SCS. and
to J2O.n00.00O ln Iil4.. under the embargo act
and the activities of war. - With the close
of the war commerce resumed something
like normal conditions, and gradually In
creased, although it was not until 1S31
ftS?fin.? ur ex P°f t3 reached as much as J100.
000.000, save in the years 1S06 and 1S07.
From that time to the middle of the cen
tury the growth was fairly rapid, and in
I5m f5« e niw xpo tt? to l th , B flr3t tlme reached
J2OO,G«>n,0CO. while the Imports ln two pre
•cedlng years— IS51-52— had passed that
figure.
With the phenomenal changes In trans
portation methods which began *o make
themselves felt about the middle of ttie
century, our commerce Increased rapRJly
Large tracts of land, capable of produc
ing the articles which the world required
were brought under cultivation, and the
construction of railways and steamships
so facilitated transportation that our ex
ports Increased enormously. This was es
pecially true of cotton and breadstuffs.
With the general activity which followed
the close of the war— the great Increase
in railway construction, the construction
of the transcontinental lines," which open
ed vast eraln-producing areas and in
creased our ability to supply the world"s
demand for breadstunTs — came another in
crease, and by 1S60 the exports for the
first time reached J3flO.000.00O and by 1S71
had passed the JWO.OOO.OOO line. Quickly
following this came the development of
our manufacturing Industries, and with It
the beginning of exportation of manufac
tures., which In 1S60 amounted to only J40.
000.000. in 1S79 to J63.00O.0OO and In 1SS0 to
J102.POO.000. As a consequence of these
developments in production and manufac
ture our exports in 1573 pawed the S300.«
OOu.OCO line, in 1S77 the Jo00.000.000 line in
1S79 exceeded J70O.0OO.00O and in 1SS0 were
more than jsoo.ooo.ooo. In 1SS1 they were
more than $300,000,000, In 1552 more than
Jl.OOO.OQrtjOOO. In 15% 'over J1.23O.0OO.0OOO and
in ln.rt wem likely to reach J1.25O.00O.00O.
Meantime the Imports have increased
but not nearly so rapidly as the exports
since our country has especial facilities
for producing nearly all of the articles
which its people require. Imports, which
never reached the J20O.0O0.0OO line until the
middle of the century, exceeded $300 000,
000 by 1S56. J4OO.00O.00O by L*6«, 1300,000.000
by 1S71. J600.000.0O> in 1S72. J70O.000.OU0 In 13S8
and passed the JSOO.OOO.tXiO line in 1S91.
The principal change In recent years in
our Importations Is In the character of
the articles Imported rather than In quan
tity. This Is due to the- rapid develop
ment of manufacturing Industries in the
United States, by which our factories are
every year supplying a larger share of
the wants of our people, but for that rea
son are requiring additional quantities of
raw materials from abroad, of the class
which. cannot be produced at home, such
as fibers, rubber, hides and raw silk. The
quantity of sugar, tea. coffee and other
tropical products consumed by our rap-
Idly increasing population Is constantly
growing, and in the demand for this class
of articles of tropical growth for use as
food or in manufacturing lies the cause
of the principal Increase In our irnporia
tions during the last few years.
The. developments of our commerce, lt»
rapid. growth and its chancre in character
have not yet seen their limit.. We are so
rapidly Increasing 1 our production of th»
great articles required in all parts of th»
world— bn»adstuff.>». cotton, iron and steel,
coal; copper and manufactures of all
classes — that there seems every reason to
bellve that we shall steadily increase our
share 'In the world's commerce, as we
have been doing for many years. Espe
cially shall we advance In our ability to
supply the wants of that great part of
the world, which draws its supplies of
manufactures* from the north temperate
xone, and take in exchange its *u?ar.
tropical fruits, coffee, tea and apices. Its
hides, rubber, fibers and silk, which we
require for food or use in manufacturing.
¦O. P. AUSTIN.
Chief of Bureau of Statistics, Washing
ton.
Copyright, 1900, by Saymour Eaton.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TWO CENTURIES.
THE CALLS' HOME STUDY CIRCLE
CENTURY OF UNITED STATES FOREIGN TRADE.
LONDON. June 22, 4 a. m.— General Bul
ler is pressing his advance. On Wednes
day he followed the Johannesburg railway
to Paardekop, thirty-one miles from
Stranderton. About 300 Boers, singly or
in small parties, have surrendered.
The War Office has issued a list of
casualties In" engagements around HelK
bron, previously undisclosed.
Lord Roberts has § adopted the Transvaal
mining regulation 'for military adminis
tration. The first train for Pretoria left
Cape Town yesterday.
A dispatch from Lourenzo Marques
says: The Boers have printed and posted
at every corner the following: .
MACHADODORP. Monday.— The Paris Expo
sition lias closed* and France has declared war
against England. Fifty miles of railway have
been destroyed In the Free State and 80,000
British have surrendered.
Five miles of telegraph between Ko
matipoort and Koop Maiden are down
and native runners traverse the distance.
The Boers continue to assert that they
have had- successes east of Pretoria.
The Colonial Office publishes a notifica
tion by the military government at Jo
hannesburg of the stoppage of a check
for £40,000. drawn from the French bank
in South Africa upon the Xutional Bank
of the South African Republic, and warn
ing all persons against dealing in the
check, as the funds of the national bank
are the property of her Majesty's Govern
ment.
The Transvaal Government, according
to the Lourenzo Marques correspondent
of the Times, is reduced to severe finan
cial straits and is endeavoring- to meet the
emergency with treasury bills, but the
people refuse to accept them.
TALES OF BRITISH : TROUBLES
Posters in South Africa Proclaim
That England and France Have
Locked Horns in a Deadly
Conflict.
Three Hundred Boers
Singly and in Parties
Have Surrendered.
FORCES UNDER
ROBERTS STILL
Trustees of the San Jose Institution
Depose the- Principal and Six
McNAUGHTON OUSTED
FROM NORMAL SCHOOL
Special Dispatch, to The Call
The Roundhouse of the Southern
>/ Pacific Company Com
pletely Destroyed.
Charred Bodies of Two Men Taken From the
Ruins and a Third Died a Few Hours
Later From Injuries Received.
THREE LIVES LOST
AT A FIRE IN KERN
THE^SA^T FRAOSTgiSGO f C&LE, FRIDAY,: JUNE 22, 1900.
Grain Burned.
, : STANFORD, ; * June • 21.— A field : fire last
evening : > burned : about , 300 acres .of hay
lands adjoining -the Stanford campus. • A
large force of men were fighting, the, fire,
but It was" not until late i In the ; evening
that they- succeeded in ; getting It under
control. A large expanse - of standing
grain barley escaped destruction."; .—-.-
Operation ; Proved Fatal.
WARRKNSBUBO, Mo., June' 21.— John
! A; ' Gallagher, > State ¦ Geologist, \- aged 53
years/ died at his home here to-day after
an operation f or i cancer.
Increase of -Pay.
WASHINGTON. June . 21.— The Navy
Department has Issued a' general order
under the~, terms of the last appropria
tion act increasing the pay of naval of
ficers on shore in Porto -Rico,: Cuba, the
Philippines. Hawaii and Alaska by 10 per
cent, and - for the enlisted men of * the
marine corps ashore at those places . 20
per cent, said Increase to be computea
from May 26 last. $ .
Educators Reappointed.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
WILLOWS, June 2L— The Board of Su
pervisors at the. June meeting reappointed
j E. Wylle and C. J. Lathrop ; members
of the Board of Education of -Glenn
County. ' RMBHSBEiIS
LADY CHURCHILL TO MARRY
Engagement to Lieutenant George
West Announced.
LONDON. June 2L— Lady. Randolph
Churchill has announced that her mar
•-lace to Lieutenant George. Cornwallls
\Vt-*t of the Scots Guards will take place
Lady Churchill Is a daughter of the late
I>eonard Jerome of New York City.
Death of Mrs. L. C. Stone.
GRIDLET. June 21.— Mrs. L. C. Stone,
a well-known and highly esteemed pio
neer resident of this locality, died at her
home In Gridley to-day after a lingering
illness. Mrs. Stone's charitable nature
endeared her to a host of friends, who
will be pained to learn of her demise. ¦
Three daughters. Misses Nellie. Theresa
and Edythe, are the surviving relatives.
Miss NelH* Is now touring , Europe and
will be unaole to attend the funeral ser
vices, which, will take place In San Fran
cisco at » date to be announced later.
PRESIDENT LOUBET VISITS
AMERICAN EXHIBIT
Unfortunately ": Neither.; of the Com
missioners ; Were There to
;¦*" . Receive Him.
PAIUS, - June .21.— The official visit of
President Loubet- to. the United States
pavilion In* the Rue des Nations took place
to-day. By some unfortunate circum*
"stance, V. neither the XJnlted l States Com
missioner, Ferdinand W.' Peck, nor the
assistant Commissioner, Benjamin f D
Woodward, were, there to receive him at
the ' appointed . hour.' 9:30 a.t m. • The : sec
retary of the Commissioner, Major Fred
Brackett.* and a; few s members . of the na
tional committee were in the building." but
t hey r had not ¦ been * presented , , and . Presi
dent Loubet ¦ could not take any action.
The United ' States Embassador, General
Horace Porter, .being present, however,
came ' forward and received the President
and escorted him over; the. building, ex
plaining the various ; features. -
¦ President Loubet ascended to ; the sec
ond floor, examined: the ' different rooms
and i then » departed," having i remained in
the :: building . fifteen " minutes ' altogether.
Commissioner Peck arrlved-just alter tha
President' had gone. .
LONDON. Jure 21.— Abbas HItml, the
Khedive of Egypt, arrived In English wa
ters to-day on his first official visit to this
country. The royal yacht Osborne brought
his Highness from Flushing to Port Vic
toria, where he was received with a salute
from the fleet anchored at Sheernock, but
he was' prevented by Illness from con
tinuing: his Journey.
The Khedive Is accompanied by the
commander of the Anelo-Egyptian forces.
General Winsrate. and Sir James Rennel
Rndd the British secretary of legation
and secretary of the Consul General in
'THreDuke of Cambridge, the Turkish
Embassador, Antho Puto Pasha, and a
number of other distinguished persons,
¦with a guard of honor, assembled at the
Charing Cross station to welcome the
Khedive, but they received the Informa
tion after a tiresome ¦wait that his mgh
nesf was suffering from sickness and
would in consequence postpone his de
parture from Port Victoria for London.
The welcoming party therefore dispersed
and Fhortly afterward, in response to a
telegram, a London s-pecialist left this
city on a epeeial train in order to attend
the Khedive? The Khedive later was said
to have been Buffering for two days pre
vious to his from Flushing
showing symptoms of diphtheria, wnlch
increased during the voyage. „_.,„
The attending physician, after a consul
tation on board the royal yacht to-night,
determined to wait till Saturday before
deciding on the question of his removal
to London.
Distinguished Persons With a Guard
of Honor Assembled at Charing
Cross to Greet Him, but
Were Disappointed.
Detained Aboard the Royal
Yacht Osborne by
Illness.
KHEDIVE OF
EGYPT IS AT
PORT VICTORIA
ii.
9
JAMES McKAUGHTON. PRINCIPAL OF THE STATE NORMAL
SCHOOL. AT SAN JOSE. WHO HAS BEEN DISMISSED BY THE TRUS
TEES OF THAT INSTITUTION.*£? ™ ont hly reports. Thomas has been
printing them heretofore for $5. and Grif
fin took It upon himself to give the work
to another firm for J4 90. .Thomas claims
l » a t no bids were invited, as provided by
the charter, though Griffln says they were.
After hearing the evidence Griffln escaped
with a severe reprimand.
DESIRE MORE RIGID
GAMBLING ORDINANCE
Police Commissioners Bequest Super
visors to Give Them Authority
to Abolish Poker Games.
President Xewhall of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners and Chief of Police
Sullivan appeared before the Supervisors'
Police Committee yesterday and made an
urgent plea that a new gambling or
dinance be adopted, so that public gam
bling could be abolished under its pro
visions.
"As the gambling ordinance exists at
.present,'.' said Mr. Newhall, "the Commis
sioners are powerless to enforce it. We
cannot interfere with gambling houses
now in operation, and I have reliable in
formation that new ones are about to be
opened up. The gambling carried on at
the Cafe Royal is In such a flourishing
condition that games will be established
on similar lines at the Baldwin Annex. We
earnestly request that proper legislation
be enacted by the board to give the Po
lice Commissioners authority to close up
the resorts."
Chief Sullivan stated that the remarks
of Mr. Newhall applied more particularly
to poker-playing, which had -been decided
by the court to be a game of skill and
FAMOUS CONTRIBUTORS TO THE CALL'S HOME STUDY COURSE
Discovery in Auditor's Office of Seri
ous Error by Department of
• Public Works/'
That extremely loose methods charac
terize many of the departments of the
municipal government was manifested
yesterday by a discovery made by the
deputies In the Auditor's ofllce. S. C.
Murray, a contractor and builder, pre
sented a receipt for $20 which he had de
posited with the Board of Public Works
for opening a street for a side sewer on
Grant avenue near Sutter. Chief Deputy
Wells found two demands for $20 each
Among his papers, which were regularly
made out by the Department of Public
Works. Both demands were allowed by
the Supervisors' Finance Committee.' One
was sworn to by Murray himself and the
other by his cashier, O. J. Hicks. Murray
HONEST MAN SAVES THE
CITY TWENTY DOLLARS
culture on a comprehensive scale, and as
I have heretofore expressed myself I
would have swimming tanks, gymnasiums
and: even boxing lessons for the pupils."
Charter Prevents Paying.
The provision In the charter requiring
that all cobblestones with which a street
may have been paved must be moved to
the Corporation Yard when improvements
are to be made will result in Sansome
street, between Sutter and Bush, going
without a fine bituminous pavement for
some time to come. Some time ago the
property: owners along the block men
tioned petitioned the Board of Public
Works for a bituminous pavement to be
laid at . their own expense. A contractot
had agreed to do the work for $3000, but
as,. he had figured closely he requested
that he be permitted to retain the cob
bles, which are worth about $125. This
would allow him a reasonable profit on
his contract and insure a fine pavement
on the street, but the charter prevents
the accomplishment of the Improvement
at least for some time. In this connection
It may be stated that the board has placed
the block in question on its schedule of
streets to be improved. The expense will
therefore ultimately be borne by the city.
When the work Is done it will cost $50 to
remove the cobbles to the Corporation
Yard in addition to the cost of repaying
the block, which will. fall on the city.
New Consul for Spain.
The Secretary of State has recognized
Senor J. del Amo as Consul for Spain
and Camllo Martin as Vice Consul at this
port.
Superintendent Webster Believes
Mistake Has Been Made in Dis
missing Special Teachers.
Superintendent of Schools Webster Is
of the opinion that the Board of Educa
tion has made a serious mistake in dis
missing Professors Miehling-, Stahl and
Barth from their positions as special
teachers of physical culture In the School
Department. It is understood that .Web
ster's'non-approval-of the board's action
is supplemented by that of the parents,
who will In all probability file an earnest
protest against the dismissal of the spe
cial teachers. , The German residents . are.
especially -interested in the study of phy
sical . culture and believe that It should
be extended rather than contracted. V
"The three teachers who were dis
missed," said ¦ Superintendent • Webster^
"were doing excellent work' and splendid
results were being obtained . In the phy
sical development of the pupils.' In ¦ ad-'
dltlon teaching the children their ex
ercises they devoted several hours every
week to visiting the class, rooms, where
they instructed the regular teachers ¦ in
putting the pupils through the course. I
believe In the establishment of physical
was informed that there were two de
mands for -$20 each drawn in his favor,
but he replied that there was but $20 com*
Ing to him, which was the amount he
had _ originally^ deposited. Had Murray
not been honest regarding the matter he
would have received the two demands,
as they were both regular.
m
WOULD HAVE MORE OF
PHYSICAL CULTURE
not of chance. The Commissioners had
been served with an injunction preventing
them from Interfering with poker gamejr
At the request of the committee the
Commissioners will have an ordinance
framed providing for the closing of alt
gambling games, and Chairman Tobin as
sured the 1 petitioners that It would be
recommended for passage If its' legality
was assured. ' -
The committee decided to recommend
the passage of an ordinance Imposing a
license tax of $60 per quarter on pawn
brokers.
Permission to hold boxing 'contests were
granted to the National Athletic Club for
July and to the Columbia Athletic Club
for August.
Caught From a Spark.
A spark from one of the bonflrea In
front of the pavilion last night set fire to
the roof of a building at 1209 Market
street. A still - alarm was , sent In and
the blaze was soon extinguished. Alfred
Spooner, while trying to put out the
flames, fell and had' his left shoulder se
verely bruised. He was treated at th»
Receiving Hospital. » *
Fillmore Street Line Is a Bread-
Winner for ihe Big Corpo
ration.
The Market Street Railway Company
has filed with the Board of Supervisors
an alleged correct statement of the gross
receipts of its various lines during the
year ending December 31, 1S39. «js follows:
Sonoma and Nebraska streets and San Bru
no avenue road. $2934 08; Ellis street, from
Leavenworth to Market. $23,734 g0; Broad
way, from East street to Kearny. $25,384 32;
Jackson street, from Montgomery to
Kearny, $225 68; Sacramento street road.
$20,274 10; Eddy and Devisadero street
road, $41,883 96; Fulton street, from Sev
enth avenue to Nineteenth avenue. $1S1 35;
Carl street road. $536 60; Hyde and O"Far
rell streets, from E11I3 to Scott. $32,701 23;
Maaon street, from Turk to Eddy. $1435 32;
Page street road. $13,333 30; Page street.
Masonic avenue and Frederick street. $17,
735 65: Kentucky street road. $78:456 78;
Solano street road. $21,142 31: Sixteenth
and Fillmore streets road, $120,105 S3; De
visadero street, from Page to Jackson
streets, $68.1S4 60; Twenty-second and
Twenty-fourth street road, $25,756 39; total
gross receipts, $492,157 34. The city's por
tion Is 2 per cent of this amount, or
$9343 34.
ALLEGED GROSS RECEIPTS
OFiMARKET STREET ROADS
Undervaluation of Invoices Will Be
Resorted To No Longer by Un
scrupulous Importers.
Customs Collector Jackson received a
circular from O. I* Spaulding, Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, yesterday,
calling attention- to an evil which the de
partment has determined to abate. It has
been the practice for a certain class or
unscrupulous persons to enter small quan
tities of goods on appraisement orders,
thereby taking advantage of a low valu
ation by the Appraiser and avoiding tha
penalties provided in the eveni .,: the Ap
praiser nxing a higher valuation. This
practice will be stopped by the enforce
ment of the following circular:
"To Collectors and other officers of th«
customs: Investigation shows that th*
privilege of entering, imported goods, es
pecially tailor-made clothing, on appraise
ment orders (Cat. No. 608, Art. &» Cus
toms Regulations. 1S32). has led to fraud
ulent practices. Ti appears that shippers
frequently forward to their correspond
ents in the United States largely under
valued Invoices, and the total value being
less than J100, entry by appraisement or
der is made. Importers thus escape the
payment of additional duty or forfelture
of the goods when values are advanced
by appraising officers.
"With a view to tha proper protection
of the revenue all persons who make ap
plication to enter Imported goods on ap
praisement ord«rs will be required to stata
under oath the value of the goods, and
if upon appraisement the goods are found
to be undervalued the provisions of sec
tion 32 of the act of July 24, 1S97, amend-*
Ing section 7 of the customs administra
tive act, will apply." -
FRAUD ON CUSTOMS
JO BE PREVENTED
Complimentary Resolutions Adopted
in Recognition of the Services of
Past President Fletcher.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club, the
pioneer, of all Improvement clubs In this
city, at a meeting held last Wednesday
night elected the following officers: Presi
dent, O. K. Cushing; first vice president,
Edward L. O'Connor; second vice presi
dent, H. U. Jaudln; recording secretary,
George Magoonls; financial secretary.
John J. Cassldy: treasurer, P. J. Ward;
sergeant at arms, Charles Goodall: execu
tive committee— George IL Fletcher
(chairman). John J. Cassldy (secretary) ,
J. M. Watkins, W. A- Dean. D. L. Fitz
gerald, J. F. McGlynn, Edward Gindley
and WE. Winchell.
Immediately after the officers had been
elected the following resolution was pre
sented and unanimously adopted:
Whereas, George K.- Fletcher, for
nearly a score of years president of this
club, has tendered his resignation as snch
officer ; and whereas. George R. Fletcher,
during that period, has devoted his time,
energy and consummate executive ability
to the best Interests of the Richmond dis
trict and this club; therefore be It
Resolved. That we accept his resignation
with regret, feeling that in losing his
services as president we stand deprived of
one of the most able, most energetic and
most successful presidents we ever had;
and be It further
Resolved. That copies of these resolu
tions be sent to G. R. Fletcher and one to
the dally press of this city, and that they
be spread in full upon the minutes.
A motion was adopted authorizing the
NEW OFFICERS FOR
POINT LOBOS CLUB
club to petition the Board of Supervisors
for twenty additional lights for the Rich
mond section extending from First ave
nue to the Cliff House over such streets
as are inhabited. The Board of Public
Works will be requested to pave the
south side of Fulton street, between Stan
yan street and First avenue. This section
of Fulton street is that which lies along
the Golden Gate Park. It Is a favorite
driveway, and therefore the club members
think it should be paved.
Tolo ..' I 1,503 I 8 .
Yuba I 1.133 I »
That the delegates to »ald State Convention
from any Congressional district of this State
wherein the Republican Congressional District
Committee have not filed any petition for the
election at said primary of delegates to a Con
gressional district convention shall constitute
the Republican Congressional district conven
tion for such Congressional district, and such
Congressional district convention shall convene
at the city of Santa Cruz on Thursday, the
2Sth day of August. 1900. at 8 p. m.
That the basis of the aforesaid apportion
ment, and upon which said delegates are to be
elected, is the average vote cast in the county^
for the State candidates of the said Re
publican party of California, at the last gen-
That the making of such apportionment in
detail is left to the party committee of the
said Republican party of California of "J*
respective counties or of any city and county
n That S the delegates to said State convention
from the counties embraced within any Rail
road Commissioner or State Board of Equaliza
tion district shall also be delegates »<>»*»• dl »;
trlct convention to nominate the candidate for
Railroad Commissioner or member ol the State
Board of Equalization for. such district.
That where more than one county Is em
braced in a Senatorial or an Assembly district,
the delegates to the State convention from the
counties comprising such Senatorial or Assem
bly district shall also be the delegates to the
Senatorial or Assembly district convention to
nominate a candidate for Senator or Assem
blyman In case no Senatorial or Assembly dis
trict committee petition has been filed aad no
separate Senatorial or Assembly district con
vention delegates elected, and that such Sena
torial or Assembly district convention shall
meet In the city of Santa Cruz on Tuesday, the
28th day of August. 1900. at 8:30 p. m. '
That the chairman and secretary of this
commitee be and they are hereby authorized
and empowered to make, authenticate and Ale
on behalf of and In the name oX this commit
tee and the Republican party of California
with the Secretary of State, any and all peti
tions required by law. so that the Republican
party of California, may receive a place on the
official orlmary election baJU>t In each -and
every county of this State on the 14th of Au-
Th'e attention of all committees and Republi
cans Is especially called to the importance of
nominating and voting only for such candi
dates for delegates to the State Convention as
will be able to attend in person, as under the
law no proxies can be allowed.
W S "Wood, chairman of the legal com
mittee "of the State Executive Committee,
presented a form of petition to be filed
with the Secretary of State. The follow
ing resolution accompanying the petition
was adopted:
Resolved, That the chairman and secretary
of this committee be and they are hereby au
thorized and directed for and on behalf of this
committee to make and file with the Secretary
of State a writing-, authenticated by them, set
ting forth the name of the party, to wit: The
Republican party of California; that the writ
ing is authenticated by the proper officers of
the party committee: that it is the Intention of
such party to hold a State Convention on Thurs
day, the 28th day of August, 1900, at the city
of Santa Cruz, for the purpose of making: nom
inations of candidates for public officers to be
voted for at the next ensuing general election
or at any special election within the State of
California which may be called within two
years after the next primary election, to be held
on August 14, 1900, for the purpose of filling
any vacancy in any public office for which
such convention* Is entitled to make nomina
tions; and requesting that a place be given to
it. to wit: the Republican party of California,
upon the official primary election ballot at said
primary election: and such petition shall also
state all other matter required by the statuta
of this State in that .behalf enacted and shall
be duly verified as to the truth of the matters
therein contained by said chairman and secre
tary before an officer authorized to administer
an oath in thin State.
Boasted the Health Board
When the regular business was finished
Chairman Stone announced that the ex
ecutive committee had a resolution to sub
mit, with a .request that It be adopted.
Secretary Cutter then read the following:
The Republican State Central Committee of
California, comoosed of mrmbfn from every
county in the State, tn convocation assembled,
unanimously resolves:
That the course of the Democratic Board of
Health and Federal Quarantine Officer for San
Francisco in quarantining, the former a portion
of the city and the latter the entire State,
without any reasonable ground therefor la
either instance, thereby causing to California a
loss In reputation and - In values hardly to be
estimated, merits and f ecelvea the condemna
tion and execration of all good citizens.
That the prompt response of President Mc-
Klniey to the urgent appeals made to him by
the Governor, by thi» commute* and others,
by directing the Immediate withdrawal of tha
unwarranted order quarantining the State, de
serves and receives the heartfelt tratltude and
thanks of our people.
That the thanks of this committee and ot all
the people of California rejrardles* of party ar»
also due to our fearless executive. Henry T.
Gage, who has devoted so much time and effort
in probing this senseless scare to the bottom,
and with such successful results.
That the willful and wanton abti»e of power
displayed by the United States Quarantine Offi
cer for San Francisco, in Quarantining this
State, in bold defiance of the report of the
Governor to the Secretary of State of the
United States and the decision of the United
States Circuit Court, both, arrived at after the
most careful and exhaustive Investigation, con
clusively shows that he should not be permitted
longer to exercise authority within our limit*;
and we therefore respectfully but earnestly re
quest the President to order his recall.
That we, the members of the republican
State Central Committee of California, basing
the assurance not only upon the conclusions
reached by the Governor and the Federal
court, but in many Instances upon our own
personal examination and knowledge, assure
the people of our sister States that there has
never been a case of bubonic plague developed
in any part of this State, and that they may
freely come in our midst without fear, or toucti '
and taste our fruit and other edible products
in their own homes without danger. . -
Resolved. That the secretary of this commit
tee be directed to forward a certtfl>d copy of
the above to the President of the United States.
As the reading of the resolutions
progressed many of the sentences eliciteJ
outbursts of applause. The vote on adop
tion was unanimous and spirited.
Before the session dissolved a resolution
was adopted that thirty-five Instead of
fifty-five members should constitute a
quorum. The committee adjourned to tha
call of the chair.
First Congressional District.
The First Congressional District Com
mittee. W. F. Price chairman, held a
meeting Immediately after the adjourn
ment of the State committee and resolved
that the delegates to the State convention
from the First District should constitute '
the Congressional convention of that dis
trict.
Delegates to the Nnmfter of 682 to Be
Chosen at the General Primary Elec
tion to Be Helfl inpst H— line
Fresintial Electors 1st Be Ii
natefl—No Proxies Can Be Aflmittefl.
SOME SCENES AT THE STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE MEETING.
of Eucrem* Court, Superintendent of Public
Instruction, Superintendent : of State Printing
and two Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court, voted for at the general election held in
the State of California on November 8, 1SSS;
provided, * that 1 any county casting less than
Euch remainder for the said. caAdldates shall
nevertheless be entitled to one delegate.
That the apportionment of delegates to each
county under this call is as follows:
NEXT REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION WILL
ASSEMBLE AT SANTA CRUZ ON AUGUST 28
Stale Central Committee Calls for District
Conventions to Nominate Candidates for
Congress — Bnljonic Plague Fake De
nonncefl—Presiflent Urgefli to Recall
Whereas. This true and devoted Republican
did this eood work unselfishly and because of
his patriotism and devotion to his party'! wel
fare, refusing and continuing to refuse national
and State preferment which ¦would have been
*-ipiHE next Republican State Conven
ij tlon will assemble at Santa Cruz
Jl Tuesday. August 23, at 2 p. m. Dis
trict conventions to nominate can
didates for Congress will also meet In
that dry by the sea in tne evening of the
same Cays. The State Convention will
consist of CS2 delegates and all of the dele
gates must be elected at a primary elec
tion to be held Tuesday. August 14.
JCo proxies ¦will be allowed. Every man
assuming to speak or vote In the conven
tion must present his certificate of elec
tion. Political bosses cannot retire to the
back room of a grogshop and appoint
delegations to serve the Southern Pacific
Railroad,
The Republican State Central Commit
tee met yesterday afternoon at Golden
Gate Hall In this city and Issued the of
ficial call for the convention. Colonel
George Stone, chairman, called the meet
ing to order at 2 p. m. When the roll was
called the fclowing members of the com
mittee responded: Wakefield Baker,
Thomas IClrkpatrick, W. J. Dutton,
George Stone. W. S. Wood. W. Frank
Pierce of San Francisco; William Barr.
Ban Rafael; A. B. Lemmon. Santa Rosa;
Walter F. Parker, Los Angeles; C. S.
Hardy, San Diego: H. V. Alvarado, Con
tra Costa: C. A. Swisjer, El Dorado; J.
C, Bull Jr.. Eureka; A. C. Maude. Bakers
fleld; M. S. Stockton. Hornitas; J. H.
Barker, TTkiah; Robert Corlett, Napa; L.
L. Chamberlain, Auburn; William Lam
pert, J. IL Batcher Jr., Sacramento; D. C.
Collier Jr.. San Diego; C. R. Stewart.
Nestor; Edward J. Smith. Horace Jack
eon, Thomas J. Doherty, D. D. Sullivan,
E. L Robinson, Henry Burfelnd. J. A.
Watt, Max Goldberg. Emlle Bauer, E. M.
Buckley. Thomas Sheeban, San Fran
dsco; O. J. Hemphill, Lodl; Benjamin
Brooks, San Luis Obl.spo; George C. Ross
Redwood City;. Edmund M. Burke. Santa
Barbara; Henry F. Kron, Santa Cruz; E.
P. Hilborn. Susiun; W. F. Price, E. F.
Woodward, Santa Rosa; M. E. Sanborn,
Tuba City, and W. E. Shuey. Porterville.
Several proxies also were presented. H. C.
Dibble of this city held the proxy of
Frazsk Smith of Alpine. Walter F. Par
ker of Los Angeles had a bundle of
proxies.
Before any business was transacted the.
chairman proposed three cheers for Mc-
Ivinley and Roosevelt, and the response
was vigorous.
Thanks to JilcLa/ug-lilIii.
A. B. Lcmmon introduced the following
resolutions, making a speech in favor of
tholr adoption:
Whereas, Major Frank McLaughlin. th© re-
UrfiMr chairman of thin committee, at a great
eacrlflc*" of time and the neglect of his exten-
Flve private business Interests, conducted the
political carnpaJcne of 1S96 and 1838 with great
brilliancy, resulting- In each instance In sign&l
gladly and unanimously bestowed upon him;
therefore be it
Resolved. That the thanks of this committee
and of the whole Republican party ai» due
Major Prank McLauehlin for the able, effect
ive and unselfish work he has done for the
party and through the party for the State and
nation: and that we extend to him our heart
felt gratitude for his devoted political service;
that he has our entire 'confidence an<l warm
personal regard and that we confidently hope
for a continuance of his valuable advice and as
sistance.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
transmitted to Major McLaughlln by the offi
cers of this committee.
J. Alva Watt seconded the motion to
adopt and the resolutions -were adopted.
W. M. Cutter, secretary of the commit
tee, read the call for a convention as
recommended by the State Executive Com
mittee.
H. C. Dibble suggested that all refer
ence to Congressional district conventions
be eliminated, as the law provided a
manner for holding such conventions In
the absence of any direction by the gov
erning- body.
Judge Rosa of San Mateo favored an
amendment to the call to provide for hold
ing joint Senatorial and Assembly district
conventions. J. Alva Watt feared that
tne Ross amendment would increase the
complications. Judge ¦ Dibble contended
that If provision was made for Congres
sionial District conventions similar pro
vision should be- made for Senatorial and
Assembly district conventions. On reflec
tion he Miegested the retention of the
paragraphs relating to Congressional dis
tricts and the adoption of the Ross amend
ment relating to nomination of Joint Sen
ators _ and Assemblymen. The Ross
amendment was adopted without further
discussion and is embraced in the official
call.
E. M. Buckley moved to amend the pro-
Pn° S / e t c^l by W^S th« apportionment
In detail to each Assembly District of San
FVancisco. Alfred Bouvfer. chairman of
the Republican County Committee of San
Francisco, was Invited to speak on the
proposed amendment. He said the pur
pose of the amendment was to give this
«, l i? S ne^°^f d eleeate, which would re
sult by the district method of apportion
ment - , If^ the distrf ct allotment was nSt
reco R ll zed one of the Assembly districts
would be deprived of a delegate.
?W^t*? 01 " 1 was ralsed by J. Alva Watt
lS^^J ero B ot in the P rl mary law one
S^nt wV£ "if* apportionment In any
way other than by counties.
The committee decided against the ac
ceptance of the Buckley amendment.
H. C. Dibble moved that Santa Cruz be
2h2?,M If whIch the invention
should be held. The motion was carried
by unanimous vote. Henry F. Kron of
Santa Cruz thanked the committee for the
honor conferred on the city which he rep
resented. "
_Edmund Burke of Santa 'Barbara and
" .t Prtc ® ot Sonoma inquired If a con
vention other than the State convention
could adjourn to another place after meet-
Ing at Santk Cruz. The chairman replied
that such adjournment could be taken.
Tlie Convention CalL
On "otjon oi "W. S. Wood, seconded bv
Wakefleld Baker, the call for the conven
tion was adopted. Following is the official
call as amended and adopted:
The Republican State Central Committee of
California, ' the governing body of the Republi
can party of California, which at the last gen
eral election In this State polled more than
three per cent of the entire vote of the State,
in meeting assembled in the city and county of
San PrancUco, State of California, on this 21st
day of June, l!>00, hereby adopts thjs call for a
Republican State Convention to be held on the
2Sth day of August, 1900, at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the city of Santa Cruz.
That said State Convention shall be held for
the nomination of nine Presidential Electors to
be voted for by the electors throughout the
State of California at a general election to be
held in said State on Tuesday .November 6,
1900. and for the transaction of such other busi
ness as may be properly brought before eaid
convention.
That the said State Convention shall consist
of 6S2 delegates, and all of said 'delegates must
be elected at a primary election to be held In
each county of the State on Tuesday, August
14. 1900. and in accordance with the provisions
of the laws of this State.
That the apportionment of delegates to said
State Convention shall be one delegate for each
200 votes cast of the average vote and one dele-
EB-te for each remainder of 100 votes or over of
the av*rage vote cast In each county for the
llepubllcan candidates of the Republican party
for State officers, to wit: Governor, Lieutenant
Governor, Secretary of State, Controller.'Treas
urer, Attorney General, Surveyor General, Clerk
Th© Mayor will not allow the City At
torney to defend Treasurer Brooks, who
fcas been served wifh a restraining order
preventing his paying any moneys out of
the St. Mary's Park fund of $125,000. This
order was issued on the petition of the
promoters of the park project shortly
after the decision was rendered by Judge
Beawell that the fund could be used for
other purposes.
As soon as Treasurer Brooks had read
the restraining order served on him he
turned It over to the City Attorney un
der the belief that that official must pros
ecute and defend for the city all actions
at law or In equity and all special pro
ceedings for or against the dry, accord
ing to the express terms of the charter.
But at this point Mayor Phelan, who 'ever
since the St. Mary's Park project was
first promulgated, has secretly or openly
opposed It es occasion demanded, stepped
In. He notified City Attorney Lane that
he muet turn over the papers he had re
ceived from Treasurer Brooks to Bishop
& Wheeler, attorneys for the several con
tractors, and who had conducted the case
before Judge Seawell with, to them, suc
cessful results.
"It will not do," quoth the Lilliputian
Mayor, "to allow Mr. Lane to defend the
restraining order. He is a prejudiced
party, as he had the temerity to. on the
request of the Board of Supervisors, ren
der an opinion that the St. Mary's Park
fund should be held inviolate, as it had
been apportioned for that express pur
pose. This new might cause Lane to
make a weak defense and consequently
the City Treasurer might be restrained
from using the fund to satisfy other
claims, and the park promoters would
eventually succeed in getting from the
city the money which they thought should
be used to purchase the park."
That is why City Attorney Lane re
ceived orders from the Mayor to forth
with deliver the papers to Bishop &
"Wheeler, who hopo to knock out the re-
Etralning order when it comes before
Judge Hebbard tor hearing next Monday
morning. There appears to be small com
fort In store for the park promoters, how
ever. Judging from, the remark let fall
yesterday by Auditor Wells.
"For all I know," said he; "the money
supposed to be set aside for the park may
have been already used for other pur
poses. According to the provision of the
charter, all unexpended balances, except
those in the School Library and a few
other funds, were transferred to the gen
eral fund on January S, 1300, when the
charter went Into effect, so it looks as
If the St. Mary's Park fund has no ex
istence at present."
Statistician Griffln in Trouble.
' The Mayor and members of the Board
cf Health held a special meeting yester
day for the purpose cf hearing charges
t>ref erred against W. D. Grlffln. statis
tician of the board, by P. J. Thomas.
Thomas, who Is a printer, alleged that he
had been discriminated against by Griflln
regarding the award' for the printing of
His Honor Orders Lane to Deliver
the Restraining Order on Treas
urer Brooks to Other
Attorneys.
Will Not Defend Injunction
of the St. Marys Park
Promoters.
CITY ATTORNEY
IS CALLED DOWN
BY THE MAYOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JUNE 22, 1900;
10
TO THOSE' WHO LOVE THIS PRESENT SERIES OF ARTICLES RUNNING ; IN THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE WILL BE THE MOST POPULAR /'COURSE OF THE ; ENTIRE SUMMER READING. THE
CALL^ HAS SECURED J'LITERAHY- TALKS" FROM MEN AND WOMEN WHO , KNEW :" - LONGFELLOW AND
HOLMES AND.WHr^R\A^OTHBR PROMINENT^AMERICAN AUTHORS PERSON ALLY. THE PURPOSE OF
THE COURSE IS TO PRESENT^ THE MEN RATHER THAN t THEIR ESSAYS OR POEMsJ NO SET PROGRAMME HAS
BEEN ARRANGED. THE ; CONTRIBUTORS^REV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE, D.D.; THOMAS WENTWORTH
HIGGINSON. WILLIAM J.ROLFE. LITT. p.; ELIZABETH STUART; PHELPS, HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD
AND PROFESSOR LEWIS Ey GATES-^HAVE BEEN ASKED TO iTALK SIMPLY "OUT OF THE FULLNESS OF
THEJR HEARTS." THEIR NAMES ARE A GUARANTY OF THE DELIGHTFUL TREAT THEY ARE CERTAIN TO
PROVIDE FOR HOME STUDj' CIRCLE. READERS. .<*•''
COUNTY.
Average Vote
of State
Ticket.
Number
of
Delegates.
Alameda
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calm-eras
Colusa
Contra Costa...
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno :.
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Lassen ...;..
Los Angeles'..
Madera
Marln
10,960
60
1.218
¦ 2.084
1,463
6C9
1,773
323
1,237
2.612
622
2,977
424
1,463
£15
662
600
13.9C3
£18
1.231
C5
1
6
10
7
8
9
2
6
13
3
13
2
7
4
3
S
70
3
8
Mariposa
Mendoclno t..
Merced
Modoc ,
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada j
Orange
Placer
Plumaa
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benito
San Bernardino
Sari Diego
San Francisco
San Joaquin
San Luis Obispo
San Mateo
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara
Santa Cruz
Shasta .'.
Sierra
Siskiyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Suiter
Tehama
Trinity ..
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
474
1.S60
705
33S
310
1.815
1.7G0
2.364
1.805
2.077
623
1.951
6.195
663
2,575
3.302
26.091
3.424
1.530
1.380
1.874
6.3C3
1.966
1.444
694
Uo4
2,599
S.767
973
791
974
621
1,667
1.097
1.504
I
9
4
2
2
9
9
12
9
10
s
10
2«
3
13
17
130
17
8 '
7
9
82
10
7
3
8
13 ,
19
6 ¦
4
6
a
8
, e
8
Mariposa
Mendoclno t..
Merced
Modoc ,
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada j
Orange
Placer
Plumaa
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benito
San Bernardino
Sari Diego
San Francisco
San Joaquin
San Luis Obispo
San Mateo
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara
Santa Cruz
Shasta .'.
Sierra
Siskiyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Suiter
Tehama
Trinity ..
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
474
1.S60
705
33S
310
1.815
1.7G0
2.364
1.805
2.077
623
1.951
6.195
663
2,575
3.302
26.091
3.424
1.530
1.380
1.874
6.3C3
1.966
1.444
694
Uo4
2,599
S.767
973
791
974
621
1,667
1.097
1.504
I
9
4
2
2
9
9
12
9
10
s
10
2«
3
13
17
130
17
8 '
7
9
82
10
7
3
8
13 ,
19
6 ¦
4
6
a
8
, e
8
COUNTY.
Average Vote
of State
Ticket.
Number
of
Delegates.
Alameda
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calm-eras
Colusa
Contra Costa...
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno :.
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Lassen ...;..
Los Angeles'..
Madera
Marln
10,960
60
1.218
¦ 2.084
1,463
6C9
1,773
323
1,237
2.612
622
2,977
424
1,463
£15
662
600
13.9C3
£18
1.231
C5
1
6
10
7
8
9
2
6
13
3
13
2
7
4
3
S
70
3
8
Branch offices of the American League
for . Social Service have been opened in
London and Edinburgh.CLERGYMAN DROWNED
WHILE SWIMMING
Suing a Physician.
A. Devoto and his wife, Caterina Devoto,
have brought suit for $10,000 damages
against Dr. O. Perrone for alleged mal
practice in the treatment of their daugh
ter, Lillian Devoto, who died of typhoid
fever in June, 1898, after being treated by
the defendant. Plaintiffs alleare that their
daughter's death was due to the unskillful
treatment of the defendant. ¦
Bartholomew Wanted Damages.
In. pursuance of the statement he made
after the acquittal of Emmrlch before
United States Commissioner Heacock on
Wednesday. J. W. Bartholomew has com
menced suit against R. ¦ P. Merilllon for
$50,000 damages, claimed for the injury the
statements and the suit Merilllon has now
pending against the American Box Com
pany, of which Bartholomew is a mem
ber, have done him. - v ;
ENGINEER J. H. WALLACE
IS SUCCESSOR TO CURTIS
New Head "Of Department of Main
tenance and Way of South
ern Pacific.
Julius Kruttschnltt, general manager, of
the Southern Pacific Railroad, announced
yesterday that J. H. "Wallace had been
selected as the successor of "W. G. Curtis,
who until the time of his" death was the
chief engineer of the maintenance and
,way department of the Southern Pacific.
For many years ¦ Mr.- "Wallace had been
the assistant to 'Mr. Curtis and his 'ap
pointment has been looked upon as a cer
tainty since the death of the former head
of the department. . •, ¦
Mr. Wallace iolned the Southern Pacific
Company in 18s4 and has been. in the en
gineering- department from that* time. He
is a man of great ability In his profes
sion and has been engaged in very im
portant work for the company. During
the last, two years, on account of the ill
ness of Mr. Curtis, Engineer Wallace has
been practically at the head of the main
tenance and way department. .
John D. Isaacs, who was the second as
sistant, has been elevated to the position
of assistant engineer' of maintenance and
way and the position of second assistant
has been abolished.
they were "continued till July :10. Chief
Sullivan has instructed his attorney to
apply to Judge Bahrs to dismiss the, -writ
on the ground that its issuance was
against law and common sense. "Until the
ordinance Is i declared unconstitutional."
said the Chief; "we have the right to ar
rest men .selling pools in violation of the
ordinance. If the writ is: not dismissed,
we will take the matter to the. Supreme
Court." ¦:¦¦¦:¦; - ' ¦ .
Captain Fahrenholz's Son Injured.
Raymond Fahrenholz. the seven-year-
Old son of Captain Joljn Fahrenholz ot
the steamer Thoroughfare, mot with a
painful accident yesterday- in which his
left arm was broken. The boy was
romping about on the back stoop of hl»
parents' residence at 752 Guerrero street
when he lost his balance and fell into the
yard, a distance of eight feet. He was
conveyed to, the City- and i County 'Hos
pital, where Dr. -McElroy dressed his in«
Juries. Then be was conveyed to his
home- BfCzH
ANOTHER LUCKY RESPITE
FOR THE POOL SELLERS
Temporary Writ of Prohibition Is
Granted by Jvdge BaHrs. 5
The pool selling cases are at a stand
still once more— this time under a writ
of. prohibition the Chief of
Police and the Police, Courts from pro
ceeding any further under the v.'.'pobl sell -
Ing" ordinance of . the Board of Supervis
ors until that ordinance has been . tested.
The writ of prohibition— a, temporary; one
—was issued by Judge Bahrs yesterday
after a petition had been Bled by .Harry
Corbett; Henry Schwartz, Daniel J. Crow
leyand John- -Rlley." The temporary writ
wae made returnable before Judge Mu
rasky. : • '
In the petition It lg alleged that the < or
dinance is discriminating and unconstitu
tional and of no force, or effect. > It' Is
further claimed that the business of, the
petitioners is honest and ¦ legitimate.
-The cases of , Schwartz, Crowley/ Cor
bett and; Riley. were called In Judge Con
lan's court again .' yesterday ; and in ¦ view
of the proceedings in * the Superior : Court
Rode in a Baggage Car.
Eugenia Taylor, a girl of 14,. is suing,
through George Taylor, her guardian, for
$M,000 damages from tfcie Southern Pacific
Company for alleged 111 treatment of her
on her, way out here from New York. She
charges in her complaint that after pillow
ing her to ride for twenty-four hours in
a day coach the conductor of the train
put her into the bagrgase car and she was
forced to ride the remainder of the jour
ney seated In a chair in the baggage ear
She alleges that she' was not allowed to
Me down during the whole trip and that
when she arrived here she was not able
to walk. She claims she had a ticket for
which she paid 167 75, which entitled her
to pasEage.in' a first-class car and to
eleeping accommodations.
DAIRYMAN SEIMERS
KILLED BY A FALL
A Four-HorW Team Takes Fright at
a Passing Train on Harrison and
Twenty-Sacond Streets. •
Richard Seimers. a dairyman employed
at Campbell's dairy on the San Bruno
roa/J, lost his life yesterday afternoon by
being thrown from his seat on a milk
wagon at the crossing of Harrison and
Twenty-second streets.
Seimers was driving a loaded wagon
hitched to a four-horse team, and was on
his way into the city to deliver his goods
when his team crossed Harrison street
where • the railroad company's track
crosses Twenty-second. He had Just got
safely over the track when the 3 o'clock
passenger train southbound came tearing
ulong. and as usual at this crossing, blew
the whistle. This frightened the horses,
and they bolted across the street and
headed for a vacant lot, where Seimers
was thrown from his rseat.
When picked up he was found to be un
conscious and the patrol wagon was sum
moned from ' the seventeenth-street sta
tion. The injured man .was removed to
the City and County -Hospital, where he
died at 7:25 last evening-. The Coroner was
notliled and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
Other New Officers Chosen hy the
Twenty-Ninth State Dental
Convention.
i A. F. Merriman Jr. of Oakland is the new
president of the California State Dental
Association. "Without a single dissenting
vote pie association declared him the new
chief executive in Y. M. C. A. Hall yester
day morning.
Dr. A. M. Barker of San Jose was
elected vice president. Dr. F. L. Platt
steps into the office of second vice pres
dent, while for third vice president Dr. L.
Van Orden of San Francisco was the asso
ciation's choice. The new recording sec
retary is Dr. \\\ Z. King of San Francisco.
Dr. W/ J. Taylor of Sacramento is cor
responding secretary and I. N. Inglehart
of San Francisco treasurer.
The afternoon was devoted to a prac
tical exposition of treatment by means of
clinics. "Porcelain Work," by Dr. J. E.
Cummings - of San Francisco: "Filling
Canals in Abscessed Teeth With Creosot
ed Charcoal Points," by Dr. C. E. Tait of
Oakland, and "Treatment of Blind Alve
olar Abscess," by Dr. George E. Daniels
of San Francisco, were the most Interest
ing of these. ' \>
At the evening session Dr. A. F. Merri
man Jr. read a paper on the "Napkin in
Dentistry," which he claimed did not re
ceive the attention it should from den
tists. Dr. A. M. Barker talked of "Dental
»Facts and Their Relations to Dental Prac
titioners!." In an interesting paper on
"A Neglected Factor in Dental Educa
tion 1 Dr. Frank L. Platt expressed him
self as being desirous of seeing essays and
compositions on .the profession made a
feature of everj- dental college's teaching.
Dr. C. DeichmiUer of San Francisco read
a report on "Bacteriology" and Dr. H. P.
Carlton received much applause for his
paper on "Dental Technics."
This morning the convention will install
its new officers. In the afternoon a trolley
party will go out to the Cliff House and
the convention will wind up the session
and the day with a banquet. The next
convention will be held in- Los Angeles
DENTISTS ELECT A. F.
MERRIMAN PRESIDENT
REV. FREDERICK B. BART
LETT, rector of the Church
of St. Mary the Virgin^ on Union
street, this city, met his death
while .swimming in Sonoma Creek, about
three miles above the town yesterday aft
ernoon. The reverend gentleman and his
family were visiting Mrs. ThelJer at her
fuminer home since Monday. He had been
playing ball with several boys and on con
cluding the game -went to the creek for
"a dp," as he expressed it. Hutton Thel
ler, one of the boys with him, being a
good swimmer, went !n first and showed
his friend all th© deep boles in the creek
to prevent any accident. Father Bartlett
was swimming leisurely on his back when
to rhe r-jrj-irise of all he suddenly called
for help. Theller immediately went to
his assistance and tried to render, aid,
but was pulled under the water by the
drowning man. ..,*•'.•'..
After a desperate struggle he succeeded
in getting loose and again tried to help
the unfortunate minister, but as he
reached him Father Bartiett went down
for the la.«t time. Help was summoned
and tie lifeless body was afterward taken
from the water and removed to the house.
The unfortunate nan came from the East
a few months ago to work on this coast.
He was 32 years of age.
Father Parrish, a co-worker, was in-
formed of the accident and left for So
noma last nlght/when arrangements for
the funeral were made. The remains will
be taken to San Francisco for interment.
Father Bartlett intended going home on
the afternoon train yesterday. Coroner
Price was notified and will hold the in
quest this evening. The hole in which
Father Bartlett was drowned was only
about .four feet wide and six deep. When
the rescuers arrived they could plainly
see the lifeless form on the creek bottom.
The', creek at this point - Is only about
eighteen feet wide.
REV. F. B. BABTLETT, WHO MET DEATH AT SONOMA.
"I've lived in California for fifty years,
and no man can call me a cur and live if
I can help it." , ¦ ¦ ". . . '
That l&~ the brief explanation - given
by aged John Sedgwick, freight agent of
the Southern Pacific Company In the office
at the foot of Vallejo street, -of why he
flred four shots from a revolver at his as
sistant, Thomas R. Doyle, yesterday
morning and came within a few Inches of
putting a bullet through that gentleman's
head. Falling eyesight and an unsteady
hand, due to nearly three-score years of
hard work, saved Doyle from death, for in
his younger days Sedgwick was never
known to miss the man he had drawn a
bead on.
Nobody was hurt after all, but to satisfy
the law Agent Sedgwick was arrested on
a warrant sworn to by Doyle charging
him with attempted murder. Hfe, was re
leased at once, however, on bonds of $1000
furnished by friends, many of whom
flocked to the rescue of the pioneer. Thera
are many versions of the affair, but no
two of them seem to agree, even as to the
general details. . .
The shooting took -place at 8:30 in the
morning Jn the office, tfalf an hour be
fore it occurred Doyle had assumed charge
in the absence of Mr. Sedgwick, and C. W.
Crabtree, Mrs.' M.- M. Hatch and Mrs. C.
Colson, clerks in the office, had taken their
accustomed stations. Sedgwick entered
the office and ordered Mrs. Hatch to tele
phone to some one. He was still outside
the railing when she reported that she
could not get the party desired, or some
thing to that effect. All the witnesses
agree that the aged agent made some un
complimeatary remark to the clerk. Doyle
took a hand in the proceedings and upon
Sedgwick resenting his interference called
the old man "a dirty cur."
Sedgwick sprang inside of the railing
and hastily took a revolver from the
drawer of his desk. The women screamed
with fright and Mrs. Hatch managed to
reach the door and make her escape be
fore the shooting commenced. Doyle saw
what was coming and tried to conceal
himself behind a desk that etood^in the
middle of the office. Crabtree and Mrs.
Colson tried to find shelter under the ta
bles. .
The gray-haired agent took a step for
ward and then opened fire upon- Doyle,
using the language given above. The first
shot went so close to the assistant agent's
head that he says he cojild feel his hair
move. ¦ The next two must have gone very
wide of their mark, for no trace of them
can now be found. Sedgwick then seemed
to have some difficulty in cocking his pis
tol, which was a cheap one, and Doyle took
advantage of the lull in the bombardment
to charge upon his assailant with a chair.
A fourth shot was fired into the air, and
then Doyle staggered Sedgwick with a
blow from the piece of furniture, and be
fore the old man could recover himself
had escaped from the office, hatless and
coatless, and was flying down the water
front.
After the second shot Mrs. . Colson
dodged under Sedgwlck's pistol arm and
ran from the office, rapidly overtaking
Mrs. Hatch, who was attracting much at
tention by her screams. Patrolman Cros
by was attracted by the noise and entered
the freight office, where he found Seiig
wick sitting at his. desk as if nothing had
happened. Crabtree told the .officer what
had happened, and Crosby telephoned to
Captain Dunleavy of the harbor police.
Sergeant Ellis was detailed on the case
and he remained at theVallejo street of
fice until a warrant, sworn to by Doyle
before Police Judge Mogan, had arrived.
Sedgwick was taken to the harbor station,
and upon being released went to his rooms
at the St. Nicholas Hotel, where he re
fused to see callers.
Agent Sedgwick has been in the Val
lejo street omce about twelve years - and
was appointed there over Doyle, who has
been in the same office jor sixteen years.
Prior to his appointment Sedgwick had
been in politics for many years. An early
pioneer, he served as Sheriff In Tuolumne
County in 1859-60, and after that for fif
teen years was collector of internal reve
nue, being stationed in this city from
1S73 to 1S77. In 1880 he was Sheriff of this
county and afterward was superintend
ent of the House of Correction. He was
always accounted a faithful officer, who
knew not fear and who was a dead shot 1
with his pistol.
Thomas R. Doyle, who so narrowly es
caped death at the hands of this man,
savs that he is at a loss to account foi
the attack, unless it was due to tempor
ary insanity on the part of the old man,
who, he declares, must be about 79 years
of age.
"There has always been more or less
friction in the office," Baid Doyle yester
day afternoon, "due to the old man's
cranky ways. He has always been jeal.
ous of me, althouglf I cannot conceive
why. because even if he should be re.
moved there would be no chance for me
to get his place, as there are many men
in the service who would come before me.
"The. trouble this morning, however, was
due to another cause entirely. The old
man came in in a terrible temper. He had
a little quarrel with Mrs. Hatch and nhe
appealed to me for help. I told the old
man he ought to be ashamed to use such
language toward a woman. He cursed
mej^ien and I called" him a dirty "cur. I
saw him run to his drawer and thought
that he was-aftor a knife, for he always
kept one there. I was cornered and could
not get out. so I tried to shield, myself as
best I could behind the desk. He flred
three shots, and then I charged him with
a chair, stunning him so that he could
not use the pistol any further. Then I
went to the general offices and was ad.
viFed to swear out a warrant for him ana
not to allow him to re-enter the office."
C. \V. Crabtrce partially confirms the
story told by Doyle. He was the only eye
witness, or nt least he " claims to -have
been an eye-witness, although there Is a
strohgr suspicion that he was under his
desk during the time the bullets were fly
inc.
¦ Mrs. Hatch does not remember appeal
ing to'Doyle to take her part against th*
old man. "For nearly ten years T have
attended ' to Mr. Sedrwick's correspond
ence," she said, "and ne has always been
very kind to me. This morning he seems
to have been out of sorts and spoke : In
.in angry tone. If he used any violent
language to me I do not remember it, and
I ' do - not remember appealing to Mr.
Doyle. vl do not think that I did so. Wa
often had our little quarrels, but they
never'amounted to anything. It seemed
to me that Mr. Sedgwick 'was a. little bit
out of his head when he did what he dla
this morning. I did not see tbe shooting,
as I ran out of the office as eoon as I
saw Mr. Sedgwick go to his desk to-se
cure, as I supposed,- a knife with which
to attack' Mr. Doyle."
Thomas Doyle Is the Target, but
Escapes Injury Because of the
Unsteady Aim of the
.
John Sedgwick Tries to Kill
The Man Who Called
Him a Cur.
FORMER SHERIFF
RESENTS INSULT
WITH REVOLVER
THE SAN FRANC1SGO CALL, MIDAY, JUKE 22, 1900.
11
ADVEETIBEMENTS.
MUNYON'S INMALER
, CATARRH
\ s^^¥ f Colds/ Coughs.
Iia y Fever » Brcn>
f^f%^_t| r^E an< * s^ disease;
WP- °* 4hc throat ant
W^ Lungs.
Clcnds cf Medicated Vapor are inhaled
through tne sai emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing actf vaporl;lcs all the Inflamed
on;l filscaecd parts which cr.nsot bo reached by
Eied!clEe tatca^lnto the ctcraacb.
It reaches tke sora spot-,— It heals the rate
places— It goes to the seai of dtsewtc—It ads as
abalm and tonic to 1h*>\'hntf tintrtn—fj.oo at
drvortisti nrrrn 4 rW «•"*''. 1~ J ~* /* >-•'• ¦<».. Phifrt.
mrnvrnnnn pacivio cospib?.
(PACiriO STSTCM.)
TralBus !•»-» n—t i»r- .!•¦• t» -rrtT* *«
MAN KUASt:iM(«).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Stiett)
UKatk — From Mat IX 1900. — *»smi
•7:00* Benicia, Sulsiin, Elatira. V»catQa.
Knmsey snd a»ei»mento *7>43*
*7iOOa Shut* EiprrsB-DafU. WiUi»ra»(for
Bartleti Spticp). WIDo-s. Uml
Blufl. Pottlsatt. "7»-*a»
*7>S94 Martinez. 8&n U.tinon, V»lleju. Nspa.
CsIUtt'ga *nil 3»m» Kom *6>1.1p
•9:OOa Davis. Woodland. Knlfhts LstiiUnr,
MarfSfillev Orotills «7H5»
•8:00» Atlantic Kxprcii-OiJeii and East *11:IJ«
• nixo* San Juse. ]J>erniofK. Ktockt-ni.
1 lone. Saersiiieitto. Plact-rfllia.
M.ujMilW. Cblco. JU.I lilnlT *4>l9r
'(•¦30* Oakdale, Chinese (for Yitemite).
Boiiora. Carters. MitSp
•0:*O« najw-rd*. is i Its nod Way Stations. *ll>43-
•VittO.Los Ancles Kxpiena — Martlues.
Tracr. i.itlirop. Stocktoa. Meieetl
andFreino -. •«««»•
•!)::r»M V*iiej(i. Mattlneasnii Way .Stations *6>Mr
•IO:O«» Thn OTeTlait<) LJinltct— Ogdeo. Dta-
»er.Or..ahi. Cb'.eafn, •5tl3»
•lljOO.. Nllt-a. LlTermore, Htoekton. «««¦
on-u?- MendcU. UanfurJ. VUalia.
PurtMTilla •«»!•»
•ia:nn_ flaywuils. NUm and Way Stations. *2: 15p
»l:«or Sucrajutuitu I!l»«r 3t««moi». ......... t5:<>'»»
•3iO»r IUjwM.lv Nile* ar.'l Way Statloos. M:H»
•ItiMir Mai tii r'.. Han IUiuom. Vullajo.
Na|>.-s IThIIxciik*. S.u.t* lint* *UilS.
•4.<i«r Kcniclik. V.'lnter*. .S«cr»inen|9,
• Wciilhuil. KnliilitS lnuJi'jg.
M »r»n»illf . Onxlllo • I o: • » *
•¦lil'ir Nile* H»u JiM-anilStoemtOD •7il»»
•3:OOpTUs OrI Limited— Trser. Frssna
lUkcr»B«Ui. Maujpu far SanU Haf-
bar*. l>* Aogsies. *»:I34
¦BtOOr Fraun Fa»wng»r— Mzrti:icz. Lath-
rop. Stockton. MeToxl. Bcrend-
(RsyTnondfor VosemUs). rrwiK*. *19il»r
•ai3OrKsw Jtletof Express- li*k«r«tlBld.
HauU IWlmra. !.¦•• Aiitf«ies. Dem>
Inc. El Paso. Nta Orleaus and
Baat •••«a
•.IiSOpNiuU r« Un:its— Atlantic Biprns
f..r M,.j»f» «.•¦¦! IC»*i 'HjLIf
•«:O»r> Bajirartla, Nil** and .1-» Josl *<i4.t«
«O:»-r Vallejn «l»rta»
••*io»r Oriental SUil-Oi>!en., Cbeyenu*. •
Omaha. Cu!<a«;i •llr»»4
•O:O0p Oriental Hall— Ogdsn, Dent sr,
•)m*h«. Chlcnjo UtlSr
t?i«Or ValtfJ.-i. 1'nrt (Junta and Way Btav
tlun* l»u"»ar
•NtUItr Oregon and Callturnla Mii'ff*. **o-
mniento. Marjmllle. l'i- M!..«, -
Pi.rtli.iHl. I'ng.t M»ni..» aii.l Kmt »«»!»>
CUAST IMTISIO.N (lasYMS ii*UK»U
<Fo»>t cf MiTkrtStrttl.t _____
tiri&K SanU Cruz Excursion fcr Nrnta
Cruz and Pdnripsl W*y Surliti* j«:0.1p
••tlS* N«»«rt.t>a>trrTlll^.f »ti.l.-e. Fvtfm.
BouMerCii-«lt..SaK>kCri»aEa Way
HtaUons •«:»»#
(2tl.tr Kewark. CauterTlile. J-.'an .lose, N<«
Almxtnu, Fulton. Hmtiiiur Creak.
Svnt» «;rus and l"ri:i<-lp»l Way
Ixiinna t •»:¦"»••
•l:l."Sr Nawark. Han Jo*e. l.rm f.ar.n *»»-¦»•*
a<i I Of Clenwoo«L Folton. Parfta Crus «»:a»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrt-Sktt f3»»;;sC0— fit: if Iiri.t atri.t (S1U »)—
•7:15 9:G0 1 1:00a.m. {1:03 *2:S3 13:09
M:03 . t3:33 M:53r».
ffUlOlIUliS— r»«t».'2tJ«lw»».— "11:00 M:00 IO:OO*.M.
113X3 '1:33 ta-C3 »3:C3 |t:S3 '8:33r.M.
COAST IMTISKM (llroa.l U»**«).
flhlrd and lown-jetMl SU)
t«:lo* oce.in Viarr. South .-Un Kr^ncfsco.. t»ia*t
t7t»<*« Han Jont «•»( Way HULt<-i*> (N*»
A>nnuinn \V«lnn.U,< •¦••ly) •li«*)»
t7t"J0* Snn.Uy Excursion f -r Ssii Jose.
Banti Cm:. Pad lie G.-jto aad
Principal Wsy Sutions.., IS»33i
«».O«,h»i. J,me. Ties I'ii-i.,.. H..ii't»('ii«.
r*ciC<s <;roT«. l"ani> It.^i.i. ¦*. m»u
}.iiis O)>i»|..>, ti'itt. I.!>mpoc ana
1'rii.cli^l W»r Hutluiis •*:!•»
•lOtlo« 8a:i Ji>s« ami Way .Station* , •«:*»»
•llt3O« SanJua«.LoaOatosi>i.<l\V«}KUttoii* •3t:»«»t
fJ: |->r H». : Matru. Uoiwncl. M<-nl<> Park.
\ Palo Alto. -Santa i"ara. Mail ,tn— >
Tres Pinos. Santa Ciui. Salinsa.
Montsmy ami I'acllio l!rot« |1O:':O«
fSiXttr Maa Jose and Way »7a3«»»
HslSfSmJiH.mil! Prioeipat VV my Htatfuua **Jit~>*
t9:lt«i>3»u Jna*. Los Qato* and Principal,
WsySUtion* tO:Oo«
•.itSOp «.r: :><*» «rcl I'm .ilpal Way SUtiotif »*j3."»4
•«t3Or ffaii .Ins* and Way SUtions.. ?<?!••»»
*ll:<tr San Jm. »n.l Way s».atl«.iia »~;S<tr
A for Morning P fur Aft— ninon.
'Daily., t Sunday eiceptrd. t Sunday only.
a. 6. Saturday uuly.
• Saturday aad Sucdur. t Snail* an4 Xoodas.
V*" ~^l Dr. CJibbon's Dispensary,
ST* _il« in lsr> * lor the treatmontof Private
IM, K,K*f IMseiisPB. Lost Manhood. Dehilltyor
«aw9KJV»*r4 diseasr wearlngon fwlj-and mlnrtanci
Di«?aa«*.'l'heiloctorcure3wbKi»
n 'oerBfull. Try him. Charge" iow
ZnoeaZttta- Cnrr*Knarantee< 1. CallorwrltA
Dr. J. f. tilBBOJi. Box 1957. San Frasdaco
¦ tiLjr FAVORITE
?J_t FOR WEAK WOMEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SOENIO RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Pausallto Ferry:
•WEKK DAYS.. ..9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30.' 1:30 p. m.
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return, f 1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
C. F. MULLIHS -- Manager,
E. T. HIEBLlHB, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
PAN FRANCISCO.
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
. OUR GOLD DREDalNO PUMPS
! f/Wil\f U AVer* successful at Nome last
iVKUijII resr. All ethers failed. In opera,
tlon dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
1 1TI7CA1W Gdd ; dredging pumps, the only
JAwKjUIY successful . pump manufactured.
*."-". 6Z5 Sixth «t.. San Franclaco.
RAILEOAD^TBAVEL.
¦ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'Via Sausallto Ferry.
/ ¦ Commencing April 12, 190ft. ¦'¦'¦'•
FROM SAN - FRANCISCO TO MILXi VA1__E-
AND 8AN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS-7:C0, •S:30.;9:S0. 11:00 a.* n_i
12:45. *1:45, 8:15, 4:15. •5:15.-6:15.'. «:40 p. .m.-"
/- EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Satt
Rafael, on Mondays.- ; Wednesdays, Saturdays
afid Sundays, at 9 :C0 and 11:35 p.. ni.' =.¦¦•- .
SUNDAYS— 7:00, *8:0O. *D:00, •10:00, 11:00,' U -SI :
a.°m.; 12:«.\ *l:S0. 2:20. »8:45. 6:00. l:Ool "5
a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. . .¦.'¦¦ ;¦....-¦¦. ¦. - ¦ , r
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. "
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:3B. *6:S0. 7:50. 8:40. »10:15 «.
m.; 12:30. 1:18.-2:15. -•3:30., 4:30. i:S0 p. m. t-
EXTRA TRIPS oti Mondays, Wednesdayi
and : Saturdays at "6:45 and 10:20 p. m. •
BUN V DAYB-«:15. '^OO. 'S^O. •llrtda. m.j • U: b».
mf: 1:00. J:15.-»3(30."4:30 v »5:«. 8:43. .7:3(f. loiSi
P Tralns marked <•) 6tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCa
¦•* WEEK DAYS-*:53. 6:46, 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 i.
. m"* 12:35. 1:45. SM5. 8:30. 4:50. 5:20_p. m. -.- "
¦ EXTRA 'TRIPS ; on Mondays. Wednesdays '
and : Saturdays at ; 7:10 and 10:20 : p. m.
BUVDAYS— «:33, 8:C6. 10:05.-11:10 a..m.; U:UL
1:_) a-30.-8:l5.* 4:55. 6:15.: 7:C5. : 10:80 p.:m.
*!*•. J ¦¦'..-, THROUGH TRAINS, v\
7:00 a. . ta. weeK days — Cazadero aad way *ta-
. 8:lB 'p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
5:15 p. m weekdays (Saturdays excepted)— '
Point Reyee and way, stations.
: . g:00 ; a. , m. ; Sundays— Cazadero , and .way mtt*
tions.?3SHBf^HPttBBHIMBBWti|BBBn*fnMn
' 11 : 45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and , . w*y :
:,«u.tions. ¦ .- -'. v -.;¦ - .. '¦ • . ._-
AND
Chicago I Return.
NORTHWESTERN LINE.
CHICAGO, UNION: PACIFIC!
Tickets on sale June 21st and Z2d at Oeneral
Office, 617 Market St. Sleeping Car Reservation
Charts now own. R. R. RITCHIE,
Gen'l A_t. Pac. Coast.
SPECIAL
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
1 LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburva Forry, Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN' RAFAEU
TTEBK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:88.
,1:80. S:10. »:30 ». m. Thursdays— Extr* trip
at 11:80 O. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:69
• and 11:80 o. m. . _
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m-t 1:30. S:St,
6:00. 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEZ* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAY8-4:10, 7:£0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; Vt.O.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:66 and «:85 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:40. U:10 a. m-: 1:40. »:«».
8:06. 6:25 p. m. _^_^
Between San Francisco and SchustMn Park
same schedule as above. •
Irfavs I In Effect. { Arrlvs
Ban FrancUoo. (Apr. 18. 1900. | San Francisco.
Wtek I Sun- I ~ I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Des^tnatlen.1 days. | Days.
T:30 am 8:00 sm > Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 an
1:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:>5 pm <:M pm
Fulton. {'•"¦
7:30 am Windsor. 10:3S aza
Healdsburr- " - ¦'
Lytton. '
O«yservHl«.
t :80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:80 pm
7:S0am| I Hopland I [10:25 am
S:SO pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:85 pm| 6:20 pra
;: 1 ami 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pniy , 6:20 pm
7:<i0am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
S:10 pm 6:00 pm| Olen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pa
7:80 anil 8:00 ami I10M0 am|10:25 em
J:!0 pm| 5:00 pni| Sebastopol. I 7:85 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Sfark West
Strings and White. Sulphur fiprthpu at Fulton
for Altruri*: at Lytton for Lytton Springs fat
Oeyeerville for Skaffffs Springs: at Ooverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnics, Highland Sprlnrs. Kalseyvllle. Carls-,
bad Pprlnes, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
'Springs;' at ¦ Uklah for -Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Scrln_s. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside,' Uerley's, BucknelVa,
Panhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's __Ho«
Sprints,' Mendoclao City. Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal, Wllllts. Leytonvllle. . Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Sootia
Saturday "to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . , •
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
! . Ticket office*. 650 Market St.. Chrontole bld_,
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
j General Manager, Gen, Pass. Agent*
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ASSURANCE, COMPANY
OF LONPOK, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day «t December, A. D. 1833, and for the
j-ear «?n<3!nK on that day, as mad* to the In-
surance Commisfionrr of the State of Califor-
nla,»pun»uant to the provisions of sections f!0
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. i
Real estate owned by company $163,170 S7
Loans on bondu and raortgages 10.000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bond* owned by company...; Wl.tM 00
Ca*h in bunks * 44.927*0
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 1,750 00
Premium* in due course of collection 35.S56 71
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine rl«k» 131 €1
Rents'due and accrued 475 00
Total assets ISSJ.S12 03
I/WBItlTIES.
Losses adjuetM-nd unpaid....: $ 608 09
Los*"* in procrt* cf a.(Jja5tment or In
Burpente .'..•.......... 1,IM 00
Grown pr»njiuirs m f.re risks running
one year or «<*s. $142,757 £3; reinsur-
one* W per cent 71,378 77
Gross 'nt-romm* on fire risks running
more than one year, $81,724 O>: rein-
¦urance pro rata ¦ 4?.45S ?S
All ether demands against company. 7,901 66
Total liabilities ....tl2».634 19
Krt ca?h actually received for fire
premiums ;*V."tCI J163.6C3 57
R«>rrlv«>d for interest and aivlcer.te on
Vet Bsnount paid for fire losses (in-
* eluding $4319 C. losses of previous
F_J<?^ot "iilowed "tor commission or
£f frir otnco'rs, clerks, etc 13,413 83
T'aio or State, national and loral
AH* > ffher"r*Vnirnts"*n(J expenditures I 1 ;,'**) 71
Low** incurred dnrinjj the yer. flr*..$ 4S.707 83
Risk* and Premiums. Bisks. iums. '
v** smot:t»»- «' rlfks writ- • .
rjn'darin. the v«ar 9l7.tX.S?C, 1213.621 El
rlrM durtnK th* y^ar 17.074,93r.] 213,279 70
*'ft amount In forre Dp- !
31. W -••• -j_ 17.ttL2M)'S4.m«
BLOOD POISON
PERMANENTLY
1 CURED,
Inherited or Contracted,
At Any Stage.
fv '.US' ty- - i^— '* »^ * a
This dreaded affliction has baffled
the skill of the most scientific, ear-
nest and experienced physicians
during both ancient and modern
times. Xot until we made the dis-
covery several years ago, has blood
poison teen completely mastered.
Our cure eradfeates the poison for-
ever from the blood and system at
any stage, no matter whether the
disease has been inherited or con-
tracted, leaving no trace on the
skin or elsewhere. - .
In accomplishing: this we do not
use mercury or other dangerous
drugs, and will wait for our pay till
the patient is satisfied that he is
sound and well. You should not en-
danger ytur health and life by tak-
ing drug store cures or by experi-
menting with ordinary doctors.
We also cure Lost Manhood, Ner-
vous Debility, Rupture, Private Dis-
eases, Varicocele, Stricture, Kidney
and Bladder Diseases. Spine and
Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases,
Skin Diseases.
Consultation and advice free at
office or by mail. Also private book
for men.
DR. MEYIrS & CO.
73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR
HOURS— Daily. 9 to 5. Evenings, 7
to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11.
V&L WOTW Bk PSWui M iS ©S lH
1 ft » V-i **ta CM B^S A \P& To
! Sunday - jMk,v
t jr**m • d On this day the Santa Fe
i L^ 1 f^r^ p ronte opens^ for passenger
H^ I I traffic from San Francisco
.. Ml A A fe_-> w 9 , © over its own rails.
•; ~ The Overland Express
x — will leave at 9 a m. the
:: : - 1 -/. , Stockton Train at 4:15 p.m.
;; C^ g aRd the Fresno and Bakers-
:: ¦^^¦>rl|^| field Train aP8 p. m.
:: 11, %A © GET ABOARD!
•• «^» <c£ <£ <£ *<£ «^5
ll— — —
x
\ Route . ,...,„„.„
v < 628 Market Street.
"—" I . Market-St. Ferry Depot*
ll • •
ocaeecoceooseoocGooooo
©4- -+»
® •
• e
© •
f 6o !
| DOLLARS |
| Santa Fe Route. §
® v . --• O
_ A. * * £%
q Excursion tickets will be q
© sold on June 28th, 29th •
and 30th good {or (todays' §
© to come back. The rate is 9
*k made for the Democratic •
9 National Convention, but e
© any ' one can use the •
I tickets. 1
© — : : ? O
I Kansas City I
© AND BACK. m
o 628 Market Street. ©
® o
6 •
© ' . OLIVERPOOL. , • 'i
Wheat— ftnBBKJulT. . . Sept.
Opening 6 S.% .6 6Vi
Closing ....:. .......... 6 6 ' 6 7!i
.PARIS.
Wheat— " June.? Sept.-Dec,
Opening ..20 80 22 30 :
Closing -.....'..... 20 SO 22 23
Opening 28 15. 29 33
Closing .....; .....23 15 29 25
Wheat -Speculation in thfyw York:
: NEW, TOIIK.- June 11.— Wheat bulls;wer* In
a Jubilant mood this morning over a furthered-;
vance of practlcally.Sc'a bushel, making, about
17a rise, since the \ bull ' movement * was started , a
fortnight ago. Scenes -In 'the pit ; at * to-day's
opening were of ' the' wildest description,- with
Sun. rises ..-. :.....,.. """ : .., c
Sun sets ................ ••••• — • r-,3
Moon rises ;:. V. ...'.: ...... .V.'.V. V.V.V.V. '. lVw a* ' nV
FRIDAr. JUNE Ti.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights, of High and Low
Waters at Fort Potat. -entrance to San
Francisco Bay. by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five . minutes later ' than . at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
each ;i medium. 7*500c; long .Wool. $1@1 25 each;
HorseHides. $1 75S2 for large and 75c® 1 25 for
small; Colts, 25@50c - Deerskins — Summers or
red skins, .$?¥•<& 40c; fall or medium skins. 32%
@35c;, winter or thin skins, . 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras. 75c,- large and smooth, 50a; me
dium 35c. ¦¦ • »-.-•: . \ . •
¦ -. ¦ TALIXJ-W— Xo. 1 rendered.' 4e per lb: No. I.
3c; reflned, • 5%c ; = greate. 2%c. . '
"WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as' follows:
Northern free, 15@16c: Northern defective. IS®
15c; 'Middle County, free,; 15@ 17c; Middle Coun
ty.^ defective. 13®15c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', Witj'lSc; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' .-' ll@13c: Southern Mountain; defective,
7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and llendodno.
17@19c: Nevada, 14©17c per lb. -; .
HOPS— Nominal , at oQ 10c per lb;new.. 9©10c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
i Some chanees ' In Meat will be seen. Mutton
lseasler,, and Beef, Is also quoted -weak. ' Sup
plies of all kinds except Hogs are ample for all
current • needs. ¦-. '¦'''..¦ -
- BEEF— 6@6c per lb for fair to choice. -.•••'
V'P'Al^— Large.- 7@7%c: small. ,8@9c per lb. ,
, MUTTON— Wethers. 7@"%c; ewes. 6@6r4c per
pound. , . ¦.,,-.-'
LAMB-Spring, 8@S%c per lb.
:PORK— LlveTHogs, 6c for small. 5%®5%c for
medium and 5H®5%c for, large: stock Hogs and
feeders,- 5%c ; ; drewsed . Hogs. 8@9c.
General Merchandise. \I
•¦' BAGS — San Quentln Bags, T $3 65; Calcutta.
Grain ; Baga, : 6%c; ; Wool Bags, • 28%@32%c;
Fleece • Twine, 7 %c; .< Fruit 'j Bags, : 6%@fi%c for
wblte'and 8Vi@8Hc i for bleached Jute.i .
".. COAlri- Wellington. ¦ $8 per ton; : new Welling
ton. - $S;.'Southfield 'Wellington, ;$S; Seattle," $6-
Bryant, J6; Coos Bay. '$5 50; Wallsend, : JS ; * Co-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t—
June..-. .' . . .... si%
July 84 84% 82 S2H
August .....85% 85% 83 83%
Corn No. 2— ' »' ¦¦¦
June 41H 42%' 40% 40%
July 41?4 42»4 40Ti .40%
August 42% 43 41% 41%
Oats No. 2—
July ¦ €6 26 24Vi ' 24%
August .26 • 26 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 1167% 11.67% 1155 11 67J4
September-. 11 82% 11 82% 11 75 11 75,
Lard, per 1C0 pounds— /. •
July 6 73 6 75 6 67% 6 67%
September 6 85 6 85 6 80 6 SO
October ..6 85. 6 85 6 &2Vi 6 85
Short Ribs. ' per 100 pounds — - - -¦¦-¦¦¦
July 0 75 6 80 6 75. 6 75
September ....... . . G 82% ' 6 85 6 SO 6 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. 8OQ81%c; No.' 2 red.- 82%®
83%c; No. 2 corn, 4i%@42%c; No. 2 yellow, 41%
@41Hc; No. 2 oats, 24?i(if2u%c: No." 2 white. 27'i
©27»ic; No. 3 white. 23%(f27%c; good feeding
barley. 40c; fair to choice malting,- 41@45c: No.
1 flaxeeed. . $1 fcO; No." 1 ,; Northwestern, $1. SO;
mess pork, per barrel, $10 45@11 60; lard, per 100
pounds, $6 5506 67%; short ribs sides (loose).
$6 60@6 90; dry salted, shoulders (boxed), 6%@
6%c; short .clear sides (boxed). $7 IS®? 25:
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 23; clover, con
tract crade, $8.- v , .
\ Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 13.000
AVheat, bushels 102.000" 9.000
Corn, bushels.. 430.000 679.000
Oats, bushels ...............'..324.000 "162,000
Rye, bushels (.*...........;....; 25,000" ' ;:......-'
Barley, bushels ..15.000 11.C0O
On the Produce Exchange to-day the; butter
¦market was steady; creamery, 14@lSHc; ; dairy,
13016%: Cheese steady: SMQ^c -Eggs, slow;
fresh. 10HC
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8SU
Sterling Cables ....': — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight....... — . 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce... _ 60?i
Mexican Dollars 4S% «
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris both advanced
again.
Chicago was excited and Irregular, advancing
from 81%c to 84%c, falling back to 82c and re
covering to 82%c under wild and. rampant spec
ulation. The weather in the NortlAvest con
tinued unfavorable and conservative estimates
ran as low as 75,000,000 bushels for the two
Dakotas and Minnesota. Minneapolis advanced
4%c. There • was a good deal of .¦ realizing at
Chicago, but the market has taken everything
thus far." The belief • that wheat will reach $1
per bushel Is still general. The only declines
during the day were caused by extensive real
izing and some foreign short selling. 'The pit
was bearish for a turn. There was no. change
in the character of crop advices. - . .
The local market continued to advance, with
activity on call. ' :
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 06%; milling.
$1 07%®l 10 per: ctl. : - . . ,i i^
¦ CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—22,
000 ctls. $1 lCi: 4000.<*l 16%;:66,000, $1 16%. ;;
Second : Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 16%;
10.000. $116: 12,000. $1 15T4; 2000, .$115%;. 6000.
$1 16%; is.000. ¦ »i 16%. .--; \. ¦ i'^ ,
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$1 u%:-2000. $1 1454; -4000. $1 14H: 6000, U 1414;
6000, $i'i4'%. ¦ -j •¦:..•¦-
Afterhoon" Session — Decemfcer — 4000 - ctls.
$114%; COO'5, $1 14%; -12.000, $1 14%; 32,000, $115;
2G.0OO. $1 15Vi: 2000. Jl 15%; 22.000. $1 15%. ;
BARLEY— Futures have, advanced* under In
creased selling on call.; and the spot market Is
also firmer. - ' -,
Feed, 70QT2%c for No. 1 and 62V4@G7%c for off
grades; Brewing and 'shipping B»"ades, 75@S0c:
Chevalirr nominal. jSBS^^H2sS*Kl ¦¦'¦ '
CALL BOARD SALES." .,'. -,'.' '
Informal S«sslon— 9:15 o'clock — No sales. - •
* Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, ;Tl%c;
C000.'72c: 2000. 72%c; 2000, ¦ 7234c; 2000. 72ftc; 4000;
73c;-2000, ?3%c; lO.COO.TaUc. ; ¦ ' ¦ -
Regular Morning Session— December— 200 cU«."
72%c. • . ¦¦-.-¦ .:;-. •:... v ; ¦:'¦,-•¦
-Arternoon Session — No sales. 1 . -• '->
OATS— The market is firm In sympathy with
Wheat and Barley, but the demand U slow and
prices show no improvement.' ¦ r >i
«-¦ White. • $1 10#l 30; Surprise, $1 22%@1 25; Red.
$1 1O@1 ZOi'Oray. $1 07V4@l 15: Black. .. $1@1 07H
per" ctl. ¦• ¦' - --. r :.-.-.¦ ¦;• . • :.,-;_., - ' : • -. ' ¦¦'¦ •->
CORN— Dealers are asking an advance. East
ern large Yellow; $1 17%@1 20 per J ctl: Eastern
White. $1 17%«?1 20 per.ctl; Mixed. $1 15.- '
JtYE— S7V4c lor new and 92>6©95c for old.
JiUCKWilKAX— Nominal. -
Flour and: Millstuffs.
¦ The local millers aro . no longer ; giving con
cessions and exact. full. flKtires' for. Flour. . The
market is stiff In : sympathylwHh Wheat.
FLOUR-^Callfornla'i family extras., $3 60@J 75.
usual terms ; bakers' .' extras, ' 13 40@3 50 ; Oregon
and -Washington,'. $2 75<@3 10 per barrel for. fam
ily,--and $3 15^3 30 for> bakers':! '.. :, ' V i . ' ¦ ."
-^MILLSTUFFS— Prices iin sack* are: as -fol
lows. : ; usual discount; to -the' trade: . Graham
Flour, $2 75 ¦ per ; 10O ¦ lbs ; . Rye ;. Flour.^ 12 75 ; Rye
Meal. » $2 50; -. Rice Flour. |7: Corn ; Meal, • $2 60;
extra cream do,' ?3 25 ; Oat > Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, *: $2 25@3 &0; Buckwheat- Flour, $4f 4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 25 : -¦ . Farina, ; $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3;5 Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©7 23;
In sacks,* $5 J5@7; Pearl Barley; $5; Split-Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $5 50, per; 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s;^
I Hay Is weaker again and the recent- advance
Nczi' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 21.— The stock market was
exceedingly lrresuk»r to-day ar.d the net results,
except In » few stocks, are not large, though
the extreme range of prices was very con-
EideraUe. Prices ruled above last night's clos
ing level for the greater part of the day and
when they approach^! last night's level the
market almtst Invariably fell Into extreme
dullness. That the demand which kept up
prices came very largely from the short' inter
est is highly probable. Some support was ac
corded by the pyir.pathetlc effect of the posi
tive firfnpth manifested by New Jersey Central
and Reactir.g rirpt preferrf-d. Northern Pacific
was conspicuously under pressure all day. Ef-
Torts were made to support the stock at about
M, but it broke through that prjee near nonn
and fell an extreme 1% to 4SVi. with
only a feeble rally. The renewed reports that
a <-rcp disaster was in prospect in the North
w«-«t were resr-onpiblp for the weakness of this
Ftock and of Great Northern preferred, which
lost 4?i k points.
Some <5f the liquidation in Northern Pacific
was attributed to Berlin, where that stock is
a favorite and where money ¦ difficulties are
forcing liquidation.- Speculative opinion was a
good deal confused with the cro^s currents of
the situation In China. th*> crop outlook, the
rational convention at Philadelphia and the
money market uutlook. Some- of the sellers of ;
Btocks yesterday vowed, their motive to be the
probability lhat Governor Roosevelt would re
(QM the nomination for the Vice Presidency
and as Governor would Insist upon the drastic
enforcement of the franchise tax law. Those
who !>old on th!e ground yeFterday naturally
covered their short contracts on to-day's de
velopments. London sold stocks in this mar
ket on the rumor of Admiral Seymour's i
<2*ath, but the local market wm lower before
this, tilling at advanced prices. Sub-Treasury
operations, including the payment for the gold
exported, have resulted in a loss of only $417,000
by the banks and to-day's debit balance by the
ffllil Tl'nwn I amounted to J879.607. The banks
have continue to receive money from the In
terior and the Saturday statement Is not likely :
to sho\\ a large decrease In cash, even If the
cold reported to be engaged for shipment on
t^atuTday Is not canceled. . The tone of the
laonev market here Is firmer, though not
quoifctly changed. ftcrjing exchange declined
3 « per cent, notwithstanding the advance In the
1/ondon discount rate. Sterling at Paris and
ls>-tltn is elso fell a fraction and Germany
1".us--!it g>ld timely from th* Hank of Kngland.
in fpile of a dfdinc in the Berlin discount rate.
Although the liank of -England has replenished
Its gold tapjAy during the week to the extent
of MUMBrCGB from interior sources, the private
rat«> of <5l«=eount in London continues to harden
lind hoiders have resorted to the bank during
the wtfk to the extent cf £450,CCa. The Eng
lish institution advanced its price for Us gold
I :.; ¦<-• H p^nny ajiJ for American <-ag!es >» penny
l*»-<lay. ir-cking 1 penny Jn «-ach ca.se for the
weelc. Although th» Ptalement of the Dank
<;f France shows that institution materially
¦trcnirthencd. both by the Increase of bullion
and reduction of note issue and <>t loans, the
c-onUnu<vl downward course of fterline at Paris
inditfites further need of sold. The* pros-
I»«"(-t is therefore tliat further demand will be
jr.atle for sol'lfroni New York, where the out-'
break cf s;*>eu!atU>ii in wheat and cotton is
makinz large additional use for mpney at in
terest.
The bond market was dull and Irregular.
Total tales, par value, $1,055,000.
United Statw second*, when Issued, declined
5>i in the bid price.
Tli»» weakest point about Great Northern was
its lack of support. The sellers of the stock
explained the weakness by the clock's high
price and by» the reiwrts cf damage . to the
croj>s in Us territory. ; Money handlers said
that m£Lny m*^rchan<1jae orders for goods had
bt-en <-ano<»ied by buy<-n» In the Northwest and
they considered this as Indicating that the re
port* of damese vcrs not greatly exaggerated.
NEW TOKK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closlns
Scld. Stracke— Bid.
S,£2j "Atchison .• 24%
1MSS Atchison r>refd 7CVi
11.2^0 IialtSmore A; Ohio 73%
1.4DO Canadian Pacific SS'.i
. . Canada Southern .:... <S'i
1.&C0 Chesapeake & Ohio 25%
£30 Chicago Gr<*at Western............... 10%
22,<7S . Chlcaco Uurlintrton * Quincy 124
• 1U0 Chicago Ind & X>oulsville. 10%
¦'..'.':-.-¦ Chicago Ind & l^rulcville prefd...... CO .
....... Chicago & Eastern Illinois 37
20Q Chicago & North western... 156
' 6 725 ChicaKo Hock Island & Pacific ..104*4
•450. C C C & St I^ouls £7
200 Colorado Southern 6>,i
3£0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd....;.... 41
CHICAGO, June 21.— Wheat opened nervously,
July at SSgsS^ic and a rush of buying orders
sent the, market in a few minutes to 84%c.';Thls
was the high mark for the day and' of the >e T
cent phenomenal rise. The gloomy situation
In the Northwest was practically, unchanged.
Liverpool showed a good response to the rally
here yesterday. The Northwest, foreign in
terests andjieavy bulls were heavy buyers, and
despite reallzine sales on a large scale, the
market hunsr around the top for some time.
The bic advance at Minneapolis was also an
encouragement. The break there later in the
day v.-as also largely the Influence which caused
a decline from the top here. An enorirfous
trade was done around top tisrures, but shortly
before noon the demand showed signs of hav
ing been satisfied and the pressure 7 of. ¦ long
wheat ma'de Itself felt, July breaking to 82e.
The decHne was punctuated by irregular, rallies,
but the tendency for the rest of the section
was in the main toward a lower level..
At 82c renewed buying sent July up ta 82%c,
and shortly afterward the market closed ner
vously end lfilVic over yesterday.- .
Com was active and aroused by the bullish
enthusiasm in wheat at one time, showed a
liberal advance. Shorts did It, being frightened
at the strength of the great bread-making
cereal. July closed Uc under yesterday at
40?tc. ' •
The oats market was active and excited most
of the session. Because of wheat strength and
damage claims from the Northwest, the mar
ket advanced ?c. Jumping up In half-cent leaps.
The decline In wheat, however, caused a re
action, but the close was firm at a substantial
advance. July closed %c up at 24%c. -
Provisions were dull and irregular. The mar
ket opened firm In sympathy with wheat, but
quickly broke away from the cereals, saving
grace, and the result twas a decline which
carried away nearly all the opening advance.
July pork closed 2%c higher at 1157%; July
lard, unchanged at $5 67% and July ribs, 2%o
up at $6 75. *ztj>»&XK9imS5n4i»!gmai!BttM
The leading futures ranged as follows:
ARRIVED.
Thursday. June H.
Stmr Clecne. Madseri. 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfletii, 33 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. ,,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 21 hours from Monte-
Stmr Del Norte. Allen, 8 days from Port
lard via Eureka 26 hours.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 22 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Umati'la. Cousins, 69 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound port3.
Schr Newark. Beck. 14 hours from, Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, June 2X
Stmr ' Corona. Gielow, San Diego; Goodail.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaiaoo:
John Rcsenf eld's Sens.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 2X
XStmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Usal.
•Br atmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. Nanaimo.
Br ship Eaton Hall. Lowrison. Callao.
. Bktn W H Dlmond. Nilson, Honolulu.
Schr Louis. Genberr. Astoria.
Schr Ocean Snray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Schr S Danlelson. Llnbridjre. Sluslaw River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fert Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. June 21. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south, velocity 14 miles per hoar.
SPOKEN
MISCELLANEOUS
QUEENSTOWN, June 21— Br bark Inverlochy,
'from San Francisco, was considerably dam
aged by gales off Cape Horn.
Per stmr Jeanie— June 4, oft Cape Nome. »chr
Gen McPhersen. from Seattle, for Cape Nome.
Bktn Catherine Sudden had bows stove In. Th«
passengers were taken north on brig Pltcairn.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 21— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 2iX
UNALASKA— Arrived June' 1— Schr Penelope,
hence April IS, to sail June 9 for whaling
cruise.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 20— Schr
Bmma Utter, for San Franc'sco. .
Arrived June 20— Schr Wawona, fr*..fm Saa
Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jtine 20— Stmr City of
Seattle, from stmr Queen, from
Alaska-
Sailed June 20 — U S stror C P Patterson, for
Dutch Harbor.
Salled June 21— U S stmr Philadelphia, for
Port Angeles; Jap stmr Idzumi Mara, for Yoko
hama; Br stmr Cutch, • for Vancouver: stmr
Dlrigo, for Skaguay.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived June 21— Stmr W II
Kruger, hence June. IS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 21— Tug
Collis. hence June 20.
GREENWOOD — Arrived June 21 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence June 20.
/ MENDOCINO— Sailed June 21— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 21 — Er stmr Lennox,
from Manila: Br bark Fifeshlre. from Antwerp.
Dt'TCH HARBOR— In port June 5— Stmr Ho
mer, hence May 19.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up June 21 — Bark,
Levl G Burgess, hence June 13. for Tacoma.
Arrived June 21— Bktn J M Griffiths, from
Honolulu.
Sailed June 21— Br bark Highlands, for Dela
eoa Bay.
¦¦; FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 19— Ger bark Hyon,
from Oreson.
Sailed June 19— Ger shl;> Vasco da Gama. for
. ¦ June 20^ — Br ship Bermuda, for San Fran-
COLON— Arrived June 13— Stmr Allianca.
from New York.
Sailed June 19— Stmr Alamo, for New York.
CORONEL — Arrived June 17 — Br stmr Queen
Margaret, from Sew York, lor Valparaiso and
Callao. •
NAGASAKI— Arrived June 18— Br ship Cantu
rlon. from Philadelphia, to go to Oregon.
K1NSALE— Passed June 20— Br bark Inver
lyon. hence Feb 24. for Queenstown.
ALTATA— To sail June 14— Schr Czar. '
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 13— Br ship
Leverntank, from Cardiff, to sail June 24; Br
ship Yarana. for United Kingdom: Br ship
Chelmsfors. awaltinjj orders. June 16 — Br ship
LindfleM. for Burrards Inlet; ship Hawaiian
Isles, for Puget Sound.
Arrived June 16— Fr stmr CamDineo, from
Montevideo, via Iquique.
Sailed June 11 — Br ship Iverna, for Caleta
Buena. June 13— Br ship Falki&ndhank, for
Taltal.
• June 15 — Signalled Mex stmr Ignacio Mariseal.
bence (or La Paz. June 16 — Off San Marcos
Island, saw a fcrar-masted schooner bound for
Santa Rosalia. At noon sighted two four
masted ships "between San Marcos and Tortu
sa islands.
GV7AYMAS — Arrived June* IS — Schr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor. June- 16 — Stmr Curacao.
Foreign reports and memorandum received
from stmr Curacao.
PORT SAlD— Arrived June 21— Br stmr Or
well, from New York, for Manila. I
HULL- Arrived June 20— Br slilp Falls of Af
ton, hence Feb 10, for Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 21— Br stmr Aus
tralian, hpnce F>h 7. WIMnMPI
QUKEXSTOW.N- Arrived June 21— Br bark
Inverlochy. hence Feb X; Br bark taverlyon.
hence Feb 24; FT bark Marie, hence March 3.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
N*E"W TORK-Arrived June 21-Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool; stmr Saale. from
Bremen, etc.
Sailed * June 21— Stmr La Champagne, tow
Havre; stmr Aususte Victoria, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg: gtrar Friederich
der Grtxsse. for Bremen, via Southampton.
•LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 21 — Stmr Celgsn
land, from PhMadelDhla.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June Jl-Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Hambursr. via Cher
bourg.
QUEKNSTOWX— SaiIed June SI — Strar Ilaje3
tlc. frcm- Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK, June ' 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14.000 barrels; - exports, S500;- sales. 8900 -pack
ages. The market was strong and nominally
25<3'50c. higher, with business on a. small scale.
Winter, patents, $4 10@4 60; winter
$3 85®4; Minnesota patents, , $4 50@6; winter ex
tras, $2 75@3 15. . - . ...
HOPS-i
WHEAT— Receipts, 124,100 bushels; exports,
12,000. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 92%c f . . o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 81ic elevator. . Options opened
strong and experienced u feverish advance dur
ing the afternoon on big speculative buying,
supplemented by strong cables and persistent
crop damage stories. Bulls were also helped
by active foreign covering, a sensational jump
In Northwest markets and light offerings. In
the afternoon realizing developed on a large
scale and prices eased off from the top point.
Closed unsettled at T4@l%c advance. July. 88%
(JjSSHc, closed S7%c; September, 87%@89%c,
closed 87%c; December, 8SV4@90%c, closed S8%c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; mild, steady.
The market for coffee futures closed quiet in
tor.e at a net decline of 5 to 10 points. Total
sales. 6250 bags. Including: September, 17 20;
October, $7 20; November, $7 3P; December,
$7 40; March. $7 65.
SUGAR — Raw, strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Firm; creamery, extras, 16@19c-
EGGS— Dull; Western ungraded, loss off, 14®
14%c; Western ungraded at mark, 10@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The general feeling in
the market for evaporated apples was rather
quiet, but. about steady, at unchanged prices.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inal. •
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4%(<x5e; prime, 5%@6c; choice, 6%@7c; fancy,
7%<5Sc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%@14c; Moorpark, 15®
16e.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@2Oc; unpee:
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 21. — Tin in the local mar
ket for metals reacted partially from yester
day's decline on better cables from abroad than
anticipated and a slight falling off in the pro
duction of that metal. The close was firmer
but quiet, at 430 30030 70. Pigiron , warrants
continue weak and nominally quoted at $14 25.
Lake copper ruled dull and unchanged on the
basis of $16 50. Lead and spelter ruled dull but
steady at previous prices, $3 72%@3 77% and
$4 15&4 20 respectively. The brokers' price for
lead was $3 60 and for copper $16 25&16 60.
Charters.
The Athene loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rope. i".m Sd — prior to arrival.
The A. 3. West loads poles at Cbe;nalnus
lor Santa Rosalia. " - :•
The Emelie loads lumber at Chemalnus for
the Upited Kingdom, 77s 64.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported, the
Walla Walla, which sailed Wednesday for Vic
toria, carried: For Vancouver— 961 pkgs Fruit,
r>j pkg* Vegetables, 417 sUs Potatoes. 91 crs
Onions, 10 crs Cabbage, 3 pkgs Household
Goods, 44 bxs Lemons; value, J1276.
Exports of Canned Goods.
Exports of canned goods from this oort by
eea, during the first five months of The year
were 104.2CS cases. The exports in May were
IT.TiO ca^es. agiiir.st 15.646 !n May. 1SS9.
Exports of Lumber.
Exports of lumber from this port during the
first fixe month* cf the year were 11.339.000 feet,
valued at $22«,(>00. against S,5O0,0O0 feet at $222,
£00 during the same time last year.
Weather Report.
CCCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 21—5 p. tn.
The following rruueimum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka ! San Diego ES
Fresno - 1C2 j Facramento 85
• Lob Angeles hO.'San Luis Obispo 80
Red Bluff 73! Mount Tamalpals — 6S
Independence Ill
San Kranclsco data: Maximum temperature,
C8; minimum. 54; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Showers- have occurred along the California
coast from San Francisco northward and in the
northern portion of the Sacramento Valley: also
over the western portion? cf Washington and
Oregon. Clear and abnormally warm weather
is reported from the country cast of the Sierras.
The pressure lias risen rapidly over the Pa
cific slope and fallen over the Missouri Valley.
The temjienitur'.- has generally fallen over the
Pacific Blope and risen east of th» Itocky Moun
tains. The temperature has fallen decidedly
in the upper Siicrair.ento Valley, ow.ng to show,
ers.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 22. 1300:
Northern California— Showers, i followed by
fair weather in the northern portion, and fair
!r. the southern portion Friday: warmer in the
\icinity cf Red Bluff: fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind. *
Nevafla-^Partly cloudy, cooler Friday.
Utah— Partly cloudy,- coolpr Friday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday.
Sax. Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, ex
cept foggy In the morning: fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
.... Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 16
100 Delaware & Hudson 110%
200 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 176%
Denver & Rio Grande 1C%
100 Den%-er & Rio Grande prefd 65
460 Krle 10^
100 Brie 1st prefd 32V*
2,770 Great Northern prefd. 145 ,
300 Hocking Coal 12
.... .. Hocking Valley 335i
280 Illinois Central 111%
&C0 Iowa Central IS
250 Iowa Central prefd..... 43
100 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 15ft
500 Lake Erie & Western.- 2S%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore 208%
4.550 Louisville & Nashville 74%
5,960 Manhattan L 85Vi
3.670 Metropolitan Street Railway 148
150 Mexican Central 11%
51& Minn & St Louis 47
Minn & St Louis prefd 87
1L0SS Missouri Pacific 47%
Mobile & Ohio 35
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
• 630 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 29%
6.500 New Jersey Central 123%
2.630 New York Central 128^
2.CS5 Norfolk & Western 31%
5.200 Norfolk & Western prefd 75
52,400 Northern Pacific 49H
725 Northern Pacific prefd 71%
1S5 Ontario & Western 18%
Oregon Railway & Nav / 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
4.E79 Pennsylvania 127
200 Reading 16%
28,590 Reading 1st prefd 57%
800 Reading 2d prefd 27%
Rio Grande Western 56
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
900 St Louis & San Fran 9V*
... — St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 68
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd "... 32
St Louis Southwestern 9%
1.550 St Louis Southwestern prefd 22%
20.230 St Paul .' 110%
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha ;'. 118
7,730 Southern Pacific 31%
1.000 Southern Railway 10?*
1.780 Southern Railway prefd 50V4
2,910 Texas & Pacific 13%
22.000 Union Pacific 49%
2.160 Union Pacific prefd. 71H
100 Wabash 7%
3,440 Wabash prefd 17%
20«J Wheeling & Lake Erie 8%
1,030 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 21%
100 Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American ..., 149
United States 45
Wells Fargo 12y
Miscellaneous —
420 American Cotton Oil 30%
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
200 American Malting 2%
American Malting prefd 20
600- American Smelting & Refining 35%
100 Am Smelting & Refining prefd SSVt
American Spirits 2V4
' American Spirits prefd 17
1,100 American Steel Hoop 17%
£20 American Steel Hoop prefd 69%
4,430 American Steel & Wire 30%
tOO American Steel & Wire prefd 71%
400 American Tin Plate 19
300 American Tin Plate prefd.. 1 73%
1S.S30 Americen Tobacco 87
American Tobacco prefd 129
CrtO Anaconda Mining Co ZS%
22.^29 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6VM
3*50 Colorado Fuel &Iron 30%
8U0 Continental Tobacco 22%
4nO Continental Tobacco prefd 75%
3.S00 Federal Steel 31
;<a> Federal Steel prefd 64T4
1,100 General Electric 128
Glucose Sugar 43
Glucose Sugar prefd... 95
J"00 International -Paper 22Vt
International Paper prefd 64
S50 Laeiede Gas 71
250 National Biscuit 28V4
National Biscuit .prefd 79%
National Lead 18Vi
National Lead prefd 95
1.ST.0 National Steel 23%
"(0 National Steel prefd 84%
....... New York Air Brake 126 ¦
L3I0 North American 14%
S00 Pacific Coast 4S
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 80
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68
0:0 Pacific Mail 27%
S.C70 People's Gas 97Vi
7D0 Pressed Steel Car 43%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 73%
2<v> Pullman Palace Car 176
2D0 Standard Rope & Twine .• &''
39.1C0 Sugar 113%
150 Sugar prefd 114
f.20 Tennessee Coal & Iron.". 64%
fiOO United States Leather 8%
• i»00 United States Leather prefd.. 66
410 United States Rubber 26%
710 United States Rubber prefd. ex div. 94%
725 Western Union 78
1,620 Republic Iron & Steel 9%
1*.O Republic Ircjf & Steel prefd C0%
P C C & St X. 56%
T15 Third Avenue Ill
296, 2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
L T S 2s niOe reg M K.& T 2ds.. 6614
(when issued) 102% Do 4s. fj
Do coupon 103Vi N Y Cent lsts 111%
V E 2s reg 100 N J Cent een 5s.. 122%
U S 3s reg 109 Northern Pac 3«... 66%
U S 3s coup l'>3 Do 4s 10314
IT S new 4s reg 131 N Y C & St L 4s. .106
U S new 4s coup. .134% N & W con 4s 9C
U S old 4s reg llt^jOr Nav lsts 109
D S old 4s coup. ...115 Do 4s.... 101%
IT S 5s reg -.113 Or Short Line 6s. .127%
U S as coup 113 Do con 5s .113%
DIs of Col 3.65s.. ..12S 'Reading Gen 4s.... S7%
Atchison gen 4s. ...100% R G W l*ts 99%
Do adj 4s .-.. 82% St L & I M con 5s.llO%
Canada Sou 2ds 106-ri S L & S F Gen 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99 St PaulCon 170%
Do 6S 11C St P C & P lBtS....119%
C t N con 7b 141 Do 5s .120%
Do S F Deb 5s. -.117% Southern Pac 4s... 78%
Chic Terra 4s 95 Southern Ry 5s 110%
Colorado Sou 4s 65%! Stand R & T 63.... C8
D & R G lsts 101v»!Tex & Pac lsta....lll%
Do 4s..... 99V* Do 2ds 55
E T V & G Ists 103%]Union Pac. 4s 1C5%
Erie Gen 4s.. ~0% Wab&sh lsts.. 114
F W & D C lsts... 70'* Do 2ds.. ..101
General Elec 5s.. ..117%j West Shore 4s.. ....US
Iowa Cent lsts..... 112 WIs Cent lsts...... 84%
K C P & G lsts... 70 Va Centuries ..'.... 92
L & N Uni 4s. 100
MIKING STOCKS.
Chollar '. 15 Ontario 6 S7%
Crown Point 05 Ophlr 63
Con Cal & Va_ 1 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood ; CO Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 10; Do prefd...C...... 7 00
Hale & Xorcross.. 26) Sierra 'Nevada..... 25
Homestake Ki OO^tandard t CO
Iron Silver 57 Union Con... 15
Mexican .. ..... 181 Yellow Jacket 08
BOSTON STOCKS AND* BONDS.
Money—, 1 Union Pacific....... 49%
Call loans 2@$!west End:.......... 93
Time loans..- Zffi] Westlnghse Elec...' 44
Stocks — ss^sEi I Bonds —
Atch T & St Fe... 24%j Atchlson 4s .....100
Do prefd 7O',4]N"K Gas & C Es.. 64
American Sugar. ..113% Mining Shares-
Do prefd. :.... 113% Adventure 2 ,
Bell Telephone 301 Allouez ¦ Mln' Co... ' 1 •
Boston & Albany.. 242 Amalg Copper S4%
Boston Elevated. ..136 Atlantic ........... 21
Boston & Maine. ..192 Boston & Mont.. ..292 •
Chi B & Q. ....... ..124 Butte & Boston.... 63
Dominion Coal 3M,i;Cnlumct &. Hecla.714
Do prefd ......J14 'Centennial 16
Federal Steel....... 31 j Franklin .....:...... 12%
Do prefd.......... C4H|Humboldt ......... 50 ,
Fitehburg prefd. -.123 Osceola 69
General Electric. .128 Parrot.... 39
Do prefd.;... 13« Quincy .....135
Ed Elec 111. ........205 St Fe Copper <%
Mexican Central. ...11%; Tamarack ..'...'....178'
Old Dominion 16 j Utah Mining 22%
Rubber ......:. 23ViWinona 2%
New York Money Market.,
NEW YORK, June 21.'— Money on, call easy
at-lH©l%' per cent: last loan. 1VS- Prime mer
cantile paper/ 3%@4%" per cent.
Sterling exchange weak, with actual business
in bankers', bills at $4 86*4@4 8634 : for demand
and at $4 84%@4 64U' for ' sixty days. Posted
rates. $4 ESH and $4 S'J/4 SS14; commercial bills
, M 63i4@4 83%; silver certificates, ; bar sll-
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. JJ.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San FTandsco, CaL.
- June 21. 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time^ CALKJNg
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N-. in charge.
Business was rather better on the Bond Ex
change in th,e morning- session. Spring Val
ley Water advanced to $35 50, Giant Powder
was weak at $S5®S6 RU and there were «ale3 oi
Contra Ccsta Water at $63 25.
. The oil stocks were neglected and unchanged.
In the atternoon Gas and Electric sold up to
$49 25 and Spring Valley Water sold off to $35.
Hawaiian Commercial sold at $S3.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a dividend of 23c per share,
payable on July 2. .
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50c per share,
payable on the 25th.
The Mutual Savings Bank has declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per anum, payable on
July 2.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend of 50c per share, payable
July 2. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, June 21— 2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3% 3%
4s quar coup.. 114 114% Mutual El Co. 11% 12
4s do r'eg. 115 115% O G L & H.... 46^ 4714
4s do cp new.. 134^134% Pac Gas Imp.. 46% 4S
3s quar coup.. 109 109^4 Pac L Co 43^ 4JU
Miscellaneous— . S.F G & E 49H 493»
Cal-st Cab 5S..119" — i San Francisco. 4*4 5
C C Water Ss.lOOH — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s: .128% — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — 118 Firem's Fund.23>* —
Geary-st R .5s. — 99 Bank Stocks —
H C & S 5V4s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do Es — — Bank of Cai... — —
L A Ry 5s....l04%105Vi Cal S D & T.. — 106
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First National — 2«O :
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P 4 A 131 133
L A gntd 5s.. .100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R 5s. — 102>/4 Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6a... 128 — Savings Banks —
Do 1st M 5s.llS?4 — Ger S & L....1S90 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s.ll5H117 Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do 5s 117%— S F Sav U 505 —
N P C R R 6s.l01 — Sav & L So.... 74 7S
Do 5a 108 — Sec Sav BJc — —
N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..HS^ — . California 122^4 —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — G«ary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 — • Market-st Ry. <n —
Om C Ry 6s. .123 — O S L & H.... - 47%
P & Cl Ry 6s. 104% — Presidio 15 21
P & O R R 6s.ll5 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California 160 170
Sac L & GRos. — — Giant Con Co. 85% 86%
S F (it SJV 5s. — 120% VIgorit 1% —
S Ry of Cal 6s. 111% — - Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s... 114 — Hana S P Co. 8 —
S P C 6s(1905).110 — Haw C & S Co 88% 89%
Do (1SC6) ....Ill%113 Honokaa S Co 32% 33
Do (1912) ....119. 122% Hutch S P Co. 25% 25%
SPRC lstgntSs — — Kilauea S Co. 19* % 20%
S P Rr 6s 130 — Makaweli S Co 46»i 47y*
S V Water 6s.H5 115Vi Onomea S Co. 27% 2~\
Do 4s 103 103% Paauhau S Co. 31 31^
Do 3d mtg...l01% — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 . — Al Pack Assn. — 118
Water Stocks— cal Fruit Asn. — 9»«4
Contra Costa.. 6S% 63 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 92% 94
Spring Valley. — 95 Pac A r A.... 2 —
.Gas & Electric — Pac C Bor Co 150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 3'4 - I
Morning Session.
" ' Board —
SO Contra Costa Water 63 25
E0 Equitable Gas 350
10 Giant ¦ Powder Con. g6 00
5 Giant Powder Con £6 12Vi
23 Honokaa S Cov....;.. -33 23
175 Paauhau S P~Co 31 35
60 Pacific" Gas Imp 47 00
145 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 OO
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 43 00
80 S F Gaslight 4 75
5 Spring Valley Water 94 87^5
25 Spring Valley Water 95 00
1 Spring Valley Water 95 50
Mornintc Session.
Board —
130 Contra Costa Water ; 6S 23
100 Equitable Gas 3 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 89 00
50 Honokaa S Co S... 33 00
$5000 Oakland Transit Co. 6 per cent bds.118 S7V4
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 25
15 Spring Valley Water ..., ". 95 00
Street — ..
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds 108 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlr- Session.
Board—
200 Twenty- Eight 123
Street
20OU City Petroleum 17 00
Beard— . •
. Afternoon Session.
125 Home Oil 4 20
525 Home Oil 4 15
50 Twenty-Eight 140
Street—
230 Twenty-Eight 140
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the" sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornins Session.
600 Best & Belcher 261 4C0 Mexican 20
300 Con Cal & Va..l 551 400 Ophlr 72
100 Confidence 65) 500 Savage 16
500 Kentuck Cl I 500 Sierra Nevada. 29
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 26 500 Ophir ;i
50 Con Cal & Va..l 50 100 St Louis 12
500 Justice ' 06 20O Utah 14
100 Mexican 20
¦ The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
300 Best & Belcher 2t>; 200 Ophlr 72
200 Mexican ....... 20! 400 Sierra Nevada. 23
: , Afternoon ; Session.
500 Alpha Con 01 200 Mexican ...... 20
300 Gould & Curry 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. June 21 — < p. m
Bid. Ask. I Rid ,u>.
Alpha.. 03 05'Justlce ....... 05 07
Alta 01 02,Kentuck — ©1
Andes 06 C7|Lady Wash ©» m
Belcher 16 17!Mexican " "0 21
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental ... il 14
Bullion ......... 03 03 Ophlr 71 7S
Caledonia 1 10 1 13 Overman ... 15 17
Chollar IS 19|Potosi '„ is. Ji
Challenge Con. .14 15iSavage is 17
Confidence ..... 65 6S. Scorpion ... o 1 * —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55'Seg Belcher..*.'. 03 03
Con Imperial .. — Oil Sierra Nevada 2S I't
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill . '6 3"
Eureka Con ... — CO St Louis ..... * ri
Crown Point ..OS 03j Standard ..... "3 GO 3 oa
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate .. . _ L
Gould & Curry 12 13 Union Con .. 20 21
Hale & Norc... 26 27lUtah ... - 12 \\
Julia ¦¦¦¦¦ 01 02 Yellow Jacket" u 1*
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL.
California Fruit Sales.
ver, 60%e; Mexican dollars, 47«c. Government
bonds, easy; State bonds. Inactive; railroad
bonds, easy. ¦ .
* Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $147,997,023; gold. $C3,K6,908.
London Market.
NEW YORK. June. 2WThe Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here* were very Idle ajid flat this
morning on the rumored death of Admiral Sey
mour, but they rallied some on the report from
a Japanese source that the admiral and the
legations were safe. . • ,' *
Americans closed flat In the street. In ' spite
of one or two Wall street efforts to rally them.
Tintos were weak on a {'small fall in copper. -
Discounts were harder on the dr*in of gold
to Germany, : but money was still abundant and
easy. The bank sold £802.000 gold In German
coin, and 16,000 sovereigns were withdrawn, re
ported to be for the Indian Government, which
la again purchasing silver.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June ZL— Atchlson, 25Vi
Pacific, 92H; -Union Pacific preferred, .73%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 74; Grand Trunk,
6Vi: Anaconda, 84; Rand mines, S9%. -
Bar silver, firm, 27 13-16d per ounce.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat continues to advance. Barley also firmer.
Oats and Corn strongly held. Rye unclianged.
Old Hay loses the recent advance. Nezv unchanged.
Rolled Barley firmer. Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted. -.» /
Beef and Mutton weaker. Hogs still scarce and firm.
Butter and Eggs continue plentiful and depressed. . v .
Poultry stands about the same. .
Crabapples and Nuimeg Melons appeared.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions still weak and inactive.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
traders fairly dazzled by prospects of huge
profits ¦ on vthe . bull- side and. clamoring for
wheat, shorts and those who wanted it for_ in
vestment purposes being alike frantic in their
effort to get ; the staple at as reasonable a fig-
ure as-?ossible. Ui~ .- ¦ , •• ' - ¦¦ -J~\
: The short • interest was scattered and mostly
among professional operators, .while the buyers
for long account came principally from outside
sources. .'In addition to spring wheat crop
news, which to-day was extraordinarily bullish,
the entire European cable Information, was ex
ceedingly strong, ; for the first time this- month.
Speculative transactions up to midday reached
about six or seven million bushels. July wheat
opened at 87^c and soid up before noon to S9ttc.
In theafternoon the market fell off some two
points from the highest on heavy realizing. The
close was unsettled and %c to 1V* C net advance
from" the previous day. \
NEW YORK, June 21.— Porter. Bros.' Company
salts California fruit: Pears-Colonel Wilder,
$2 33 per half box; Congress, $1 65. Figs— Black,
$1 05#2 C5 box. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 70©2 2a
single crates; iSimoni, $1 35@1 55. Plums—Bur
banks. $1 CS@l 90 single crates; Red June.Jl 10
@1 50; Abundance, $1 05@l 40; \ Royal Hetive,
70@75c; Clymans, 70(9'S0c; St. Catherine, • 70c.
Peaches— Early Crawford, $1 95 box; Hales
Early, %\ z^\ 65. .. Apricots— Montgamets, Jl o5
@1 60 Eingle crate3; Royals, $1 25@1 §5. Cherries
—Republican, 50cQ:tl 35; Royal Anne, 05c<S$l Id;
Bigarreau, 40@90c; Tartarians. 25@S0c; Centen
nial, 4QSS5C -
Earl Fruit Company 6ales: Apricots— Royals,
11 lOffil 50 single crates; Sparks Mammoth, 80c
@U io. Peaches— Alexanders, 85c®n 30 box.
Plums— Clymans. 65©95c single crates. Prunes
— Tragedy,. $1 204J2 20 single crates; Simoni, $1 20
©ISO. Cherries— Royal Anne. S5c@$l 20 box;
tartarians, Jl l. r .@2 50; Blgarreau. 45"U95c; Csn
tennial!»: 60<385c. Eight cars sold. ¦
v CHICAGO. - June 21.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $2 a'J
half box.. Peach Cot6— (SOlfSOc single .crates.
Peaches— Alexanders. Jl 10 box; Hale's* Early,
average $139. Plums— Clymans, 8Cc@$l 05 sin
gle crates.- Prunes— Simoni, 51 2501 55 single
crates;. Tragedy, $1 45<g:2 10. Cherries— Koyal
Anne. 30c<KU 10 box; Blgarreau, 30c@$l 05; Black
Tartarlans, 50c@U 05. ¦'< , .
Porter Bros. Company sales: Prunes—Trag
edy. $1 63©2 25 single crates; Slmonl. $1 40.
Plums — Clymans, 40c®$l 45 single crates; Red
June, 70c@$l 45 single crates, and SO^ioc in ten
pound boxes; .Abundance, $1 30@l 40 single
crates; Cherry. 65c@U; Royal Hetive, 75@S5c;
St. Catherine, 75@S0c. Apricots— Royal,. 60c@
$1 55 single crates; Peach, 90c. Peaches— Hale's
Early, %\ 25@1 35 box; Alexanders, 75c@$l 25.
Cherries— Blgarreau. 60c@$l 45; Republican, 50c
@$1 .45; "Royal Anne, 10c@$l 45; Tartarians. 25c
@$1 30; Eagle, 75c; Centennial, 55c. Seven cars
fruit sold to-day. •
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 10,
500; choice and- extra steers, about steady;
others weak; no fancy cattle on eale; butchers'
stock. 5<315c lower. Natives, best on sale, to
day, seven • carloads at $5 50; good to prime
steers. I $5 05^5,70; poor to medium, $4 45@4 95;
selected feeders. 10@15c lower, except choice, $4
@4 75; mixed stockers. 15@20c lower, $3 40@3 90,
cows, $2 95@4 40; heifers, • $3@5; canners, $2 25
®2 90; bulls, $2S0@4 25; calves, steady, J5@6 75.
Texans— Receipts, 900; best on sale to-day,
three carloads at $5. Texas fed steers, slow to
10c lower, $4 40®5 15; Texas grass steers, $3 70®
4 20; Texas bulls. *3<S3 50. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 29,000; to-morrow, 29,000; es
timated left over, 5000. Average, shack 1 lower,
top, $5 17%; mixed and butchers', $5@5 15; good
to choice heavy, $5 10@5 17»4 ; rough heavy,
U 95@5 05; light, $4 95@5 15; bulk of sales, $5 07%
m 12\4, .
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.0C0. ¦ Sheep. 10@2Oc
lower, except best lambs, 15@23c lower; medium
spring lambs. 25@40c lower. Good to choice
wethers, $4 55@5 15; fair to choice mixed, J3 50i§>
4 60; Western sheep, $4 25(85; yearlings. $a@
5 60; native lambs, $5@6 35; Western lambs,
$6@6 25; spring lambs, $5@7.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The cotton market to
day opened higher and advanced decidedly, the
buying movement being followed by a severe
break before midday, and during the rest of
the session bear sentiment predominated. The
close was barely steady, 3S£ points net loss.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, June 21.— In the local wheat
market 67c Is bid for Walla Walla and valley
could be worked off at about &6c. There is very
little offering and the sales , for the last two
days have in the aggregate been very small.
Bluestem is nominal at 5Sc.
: Cleared— British bark Pinmoore for Queens
town with 132,263 bushels «of wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 449.5S5 busliels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 21.— Wheat prices: are lc
higher in sympathy with Eastern markets,
with bluestem o9%c and club S7Hc. both for
export. . , -¦ : /.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 21.— Consuls, 100%; silver,
27 13-16d; French rentes, lOOf 2V4c; wheat,car
goes on passage, less offering, sellers asking Is
more; No. l'standard California. 30s 3d; Walla
Walla; 29s 7%d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. June 21.— Wheat, firm; , No. 1
standard California, 6s 6dS"6s 7d; wheat in
Paris, firm: flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING. '<-¦¦.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 Northern spring.
6s 5Hd: No. 1 California. 69 6d@6s 7d. Futures,
strong; July, 6s 6d; September, 6s IMA; Decem
ber, nominal. *'
CORN— American spot mixed new, firm, 2s
ll^d; do old, steady, 4s 3*,4d. Futures, nrm;
July, 4s J4<3: September. 4s l%d.
in old has been lost. New shows no change. ¦
• Rolled Barley . rules very firm and Corn pro
ducts are lil I' 1 ! '»»»VrEntlJf{M''sffi
BRAN— $l3®l4 per ton. „ '
MIDDLING3-*l7<§2o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-^Rolled 1 Barley, ¦ $15 50516 per
ton : ¦ Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27 ; jobbing.
$27 S(XK2B;.Cocoanut Cake. $20® 21; Corn Meal.
?24 50f Cracked Corn, i 25; Mixed Feed.*l6.
HAY— Wheat. f7 50@9 50 for common to gooa,
$10@10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50@10;
Oat. $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 £0 per ton. ''Jr
NEW HAY— Volunteer, »4 50@6 50; Wheat,
fC5O@B; Clover, ?4 50@6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley,
?4 sCfff6 50 aer ton.
STRAW— 2S@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new In these goods. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 SC®3; small White. $3 230
3 40; large White, '$2 75©3; Pink, $2 50@2 90; Red,
?2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters, nominal;
Lima, $5 30@5 40; Pea, |3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys,
?4@4 60.
SEEDS— Brown. Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary, 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal ; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy,
"4@4Hc. . .. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 23; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and: Vegetables.
"Supplies of Potatoes continue excessive and
the market is weak. Onions are steady. ' To
matoes are steady and bid fair to be good prop
erty, as the crop on the river, is reported in
jured, by drylnc Green Corn, too, is selllnz
higher than usual. ¦
' t'tj TATuKS— « 'r^Kon Burba nks. 63iiS>v New
Early Rose. 30@40c; New Burbanka. 40@90c per
Ctl. --¦¦ ¦ ¦ -t . - - ¦ :
ONIONS— New Red. 65@75c; Silverskins. S5
@Wc per ctl. . •
VEGETABLES-Green Corn. U@l 50 per sack
and $1 50®2 per crate for Vacavllle and $1 75#
2 25 for bay; Rhubarb, 25@E0o. per box; Aspara
gus. 75c@51 75 per box for common to choice
and $2'g'2 50 for fancy large: Green Peas, $150®
1 75 per sack; String Beans. 3S5c; Cabbage, 40©
50c; Tomatoes. 65c@$l 25: Rivera, $1 75g2; Egg
Plant." 4®12Hc: Green Okra. ; Green Pep
pers, 10@15c for Chili and 15^2Oc for 3e'.i ; Dried
Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 25@35c per sac*; Sum
mer Squash, 25@35c per box for Vacaville nnd
5O@S5c for Alameda; Cucumbers, . $1*31 25 for
Alameda and - 60-375C per box for Mary svi lie;
new Garlic. 2V4@ 3 c per lb. :
• Poultry and Game.
The market continues dull and not materially
changed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@123;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 50@4 50 for old and
$3 5U<?4 50 for young;- Hens,- $4324 50; young
Roosters, $4 50@5 50; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $3 5004: Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $1 75
©2 25 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for old and $1@1 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are extremely weak and quotations are
still lower. The demand is light and stocks
are accumulating.
Butter is coming' in soft, owing to recent
warm weather, and the market 13 reported very
weak, especially for ¦ the medium and lower
grades. There is no chance In Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 19c; seconds. IS
@18MiC. ¦
Dairy— Fancy, 18c; good to choice, 16%@17%c:
common, 14@15c. ¦
CHEESE— New, S@9e: Toung America. 9@
9%c; EaCstern, 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 16(£18c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 14@15c. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. ,
Two boxes of Nutmeg Melons, the first of the
season, are in from Winters, selling at '$2 50 per
box. Crabapples have also appeared, selling at
E0@60c per" box. Bartlett Pears. are coming in
every <iay now.
The canners have again raised their prices for
Apricots, and , are now paying up to $25 for
choice large yellow. Peach>s continue tirm at
good prices. Figs are doing . better. Prunes
still bring very ¦ satisfactory prices. In fact,
as the season advances the crop of everything
seems to get smaller and prices higher, why,
nobody seems able to explain. Berries alone are
plentiful, excepting of course, Apples, which are
never scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 25<375c r>er box and crate for
Royals; in baskets. 20«tHOc; in bulk. 2@3c per lb
to the trade and $12 50@25 per ton to the can-
ners.
APPLES— 15(f 35c per basket and 30c@$l for
Red A?traoh«ns. large box**. = "
PEARS— 35@6Cc per box; Bartletts, from the
river. $1 25f?l 50.
PLUMS— 20<g50c per box and crate and 30@40c
per basket: in bulk, $10020 per, ton; Prunes. 40®
75c »>er crate and 4C@50c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2@3 50 per chest for large
and f3i?4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3©5 per cnest. I
BLACKBERRIES- $2«3 50 per chest. .
LOGAN BERRIES- $6®7 per chest. <•"
CURRANTS— $2©4 per chest.
FIGS— Per box. 25®4Cc for single and 40@75c
for double layer*. ,
PEACHES — 4C©9Oc per box and 60@75c per
basket.
¦ GRAPES— From Tuma, ?1 50 per crate.
CHERRIES— 40@75c per box for black; Royal
Anne. C0!fT65c. In bulk, 3@5c for black and 4@6c
for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 75c@$l 50: Med
iterranean Sweets, ?1 25<S2; Valenclas, $2S2 75:
Lemons, $1@1 50 for common and $2;g2 50 for
scood to choice; Mexican Limes,' $4'3'5: Bananas.
$1 50<s£3 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per
dozen. ¦ '• ' --
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
Apricots are steady at ne old quotations.
Nothing is thus far heard about Peaches.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks.
4®4V£e Tor 40-50' s, 3V4@3%c for 50-60's, SViSSHc
for 60-70" s. 3©3%c for 70-g0"s, 2%<g3c for 80-90* s
and 2%®2%c for 30-100's. . Peaches. 4H04&C f or
Standards, 5c for choice and 5\»@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10@12V6c: Evaporated Apples.
5V45J-6c; frun-drled, Zfgic per lb; Pears, 3H«4%c
for dark and 7<?8c for bright halves; Black
Figs 1%<8<2c; White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached
Plums. 7%c: Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and lHc for unDltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. W'lic per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 0c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. 8V4c: choice. "tec; standard, 6%c;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
60-: boxes, 5c; 2-cro4n, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-civwn, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown $1 50 per box; 3-erown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. *2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. S@9c for Standards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almonds. HH@12c for paper
shell 9igl0c for • soft and 4tf£5c - for hardshell :
PeanutsT 5%@6%c for Kastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7H@Sc; Filberts. 12@12&c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5Q@5.
HONEY— Comb. <12H@13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 7U
(fiT-i'c; light amber extracted, 6\@7c; dark, 6c
per lb. ¦¦ . .- ¦ '¦"•' •
BEESWAX-24(226c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to* quote a dull and weak
market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. I0@10Hc per lb for
heavy,' 10V4@10Vfcc for light medium, ll%c for
light; 12%crfor extra light and 14*4c for sugar
cured.- Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12313c;
Mess Beef, 1 $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13 ; Fam
ily. $14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear, $13;
Mess, 116 50; Smoked Beef, ]2H@ 13c per lb.
•;'LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound ¦ and ¦- 8Hc for pure: half-barrels, 'pure,
S%c; 10-lb tins, 9Hc; 5-lb tins,- 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, S%@S%c per lb: balf
barrels, 8%<gS%c: 10-lb tins, SY*c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AXD SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%@10c: medium, 9c: light. 8%e: Cowhides. 8*4
@9c; Stags 6c; Salted -Kip. 8V4c:.Calf. lie;
Dry Hides, -sound, 17c; culls and brands, ¦ 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins.
ShMrllnira ' MffTSOe PAch: shnrt Wobl. ¦ 35SC0C
operative Wallsend. IS: Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. S14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per
ton in bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $3 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per Ib. in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.80c; Powdered.
5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry Granulated.
5.30c; Confectioners* A, 5.30c; Magnolia A, 4.90c;
Extra C. 4.80c; Golden C, 4.70c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. Xo orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 6.03c; boxes, 6.30c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 21.
Flour, qr ska.... IS. 762 [Middlings. i!« .. 777
Wheat, ctls ..... 6-»2.Bran. sks 722
Barley, ctls l,0&5!Onions '. 522
Oats, ctls 100: Potatoes, sks .r.-. 4,312
Corn, ctls l,310Pelts, bndls 45
Butter, ctls 6J4 Hides. Xo 300
Cheese, ctls 173 Quicksilver, flaks . 47
Tallow, ctls 548 Leather, rolls H2
Chicory, bbls 35. Wine, gals 73.200
Lime, bbls S.S Eggs, doz 20.040
Hay. tons 363s Sugar, sks 6.293
Wool, bales ..... 171
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks.... S6SJ Oats, ctls UO
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6.821!
and then the number given fs robtracted from
the depth given by the charts. ¦ The'Plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
THE SAX FR^STCISCP CALL, FRIDAY ; ;JTJXE 22, 1900.
New' York Grain and Produce.
Skipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain, Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
>ulet
12
EASTERN MARKETS.
." NOTE f-ln* the above. exposition of the- tides
the early mornlm;* tides are Riven in the left
band column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
jecor.d time column gives the second tide ot
the day., the third time column the third tida
and the . last or right hand column plves the
last tide of the day, : except when there are but
tnren , tides; -. aa sometimes occurs. The heights
£iven are in addition to the soundings on the
United . States Coast Survey charts, except
wneu a : minus - sign ¦;(—) precedes the height.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
g? Time _. Ttme _;¦ Time Time
L W H *W' L, w ' h"w
3 — H 2 S-5 ' 8: 1 1 4 -° 12:M *-5 ":2* «-3
3 ... 2:31—0.3 »:21 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:11 6.4
4 ... 3:»-fl.7 10:22 .4.3 tUo 3.0 9:00^ 1.5
r '"• V£ I'? -M:W'4.5 3:32 3.1 9:49 6.5
?3 ... .-6:23 0.8 f:32 5.0 C:ll[ 3.2j [
Steamer. | Destination.
I Sails. | Pier.
. _= <
¦
.1
Cnrr.na %t.*.'8KB Dleeo i
China |China&Japan|
State of Ca.l> Portland ..
Orizaba ....iKumboldt.....
Del Ncrte... Coos Bay
Bonita ..... Newport
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd.
North Fork Humboldt
Pt Arena.. Point Arena..
Santa RosalSan DIesro
Arcata ! Coos Bay
Columbia .. Portland I
Australia .. Honolulu ..
Orizaba Humboldt >
Coos Bay... Newport I
Peru New York I
'.Tune ft 11 anvPW '»
; |June22. lpm'PMSS
, June 22. 11 ami Pier £4
June 22. 2 pm! Pier •
. June 23. 8 ami Pier 2o
June 24, 9 ami Pier 11
June 25. 11 am Pier 9
. June 25. 9 am Pier 2
, Jun« 25. 2 pm Pier 3
. June W. Ham Pier n
,|June26. 12 m Pier 13
June 27. 11 am! Pier 21
I June 27. 2 pm I Pier 7
,IJune27. 2pm!Pler 9
.1 June 23, 9 ami Pier 23
, I June 23. 12 m[PMS3
Steamer.
From
Bonita .. Newport
Point Arena...- Menclocino
North F«rk Kur-»ka. . . - - -
Universe Oyster Harbor _
Arcata Ccos Bay
Matteawan .... Tacnma
Progrcso Tacoma
South Coast..-. IHumboldt
SSaiua Kosa |*an Uiesjo ..
Columbia Portland
Titania IXanaimo
Ortzaba (Humboldt....
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Puset bout
Coos Bay .... [Newport
Willamette ....iSeattle
Serapl3 IHamburs
Curacao (Mexico -
Washtenaw . . . ITacoma
Crescent City...) Crescent City
... Jl
... Ji
... Jl
_..!J\
p
...!Ji
...IJi
... Jt
... Ji
... Ji
... Ji
nd Ji
... Jt
... Ji
... Jt
... Ji
... Ji
... Ji
Ti
ur
ur
vi r
v.r
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
iir
ur
Corona (San Dlepo
g? Time _. Ttme _;¦ Time Time
L W H *W' L, w ' h"w
3 — H 2 S-5 ' 8: 1 1 4 -° 12:M *-5 ":2* «-3
3 ... 2:31—0.3 »:21 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:11 6.4
4 ... 3:»-fl.7 10:22 .4.3 tUo 3.0 9:00^ 1.5
r '"• V£ I'? -M:W'4.5 3:32 3.1 9:49 6.5
?3 ... .-6:23 0.8 f:32 5.0 C:ll[ 3.2j [
Steamer. | Destination.
I Sails. | Pier.
. _= <
¦
.1
Cnrr.na %t.*.'8KB Dleeo i
China |China&Japan|
State of Ca.l> Portland ..
Orizaba ....iKumboldt.....
Del Ncrte... Coos Bay
Bonita ..... Newport
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd.
North Fork Humboldt
Pt Arena.. Point Arena..
Santa RosalSan DIesro
Arcata ! Coos Bay
Columbia .. Portland I
Australia .. Honolulu ..
Orizaba Humboldt >
Coos Bay... Newport I
Peru New York I
'.Tune ft 11 anvPW '»
; |June22. lpm'PMSS
, June 22. 11 ami Pier £4
June 22. 2 pm! Pier •
. June 23. 8 ami Pier 2o
June 24, 9 ami Pier 11
June 25. 11 am Pier 9
. June 25. 9 am Pier 2
, Jun« 25. 2 pm Pier 3
. June W. Ham Pier n
,|June26. 12 m Pier 13
June 27. 11 am! Pier 21
I June 27. 2 pm I Pier 7
,IJune27. 2pm!Pler 9
.1 June 23, 9 ami Pier 23
, I June 23. 12 m[PMS3
Steamer.
From
Bonita .. Newport
Point Arena...- Menclocino
North F«rk Kur-»ka. . . - - -
Universe Oyster Harbor _
Arcata Ccos Bay
Matteawan .... Tacnma
Progrcso Tacoma
South Coast..-. IHumboldt
SSaiua Kosa |*an Uiesjo ..
Columbia Portland
Titania IXanaimo
Ortzaba (Humboldt....
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Puset bout
Coos Bay .... [Newport
Willamette ....iSeattle
Serapl3 IHamburs
Curacao (Mexico -
Washtenaw . . . ITacoma
Crescent City...) Crescent City
... Jl
... Ji
... Jl
_..!J\
p
...!Ji
...IJi
... Jt
... Ji
... Ji
... Ji
nd Ji
... Jt
... Ji
... Jt
... Ji
... Ji
... Ji
Ti
ur
ur
vi r
v.r
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
ur
iir
ur
Corona (San Dlepo
THE WEEKLY CALL
o/ It Publishes the Cream of tho
Tj News of the Week an'l
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES^
°\ IT15TMB BEST WEEKLY
eJ PAPER ON THB
PACIFIC COAST .
2 The Best >v S Mining
~V Telegraphic n^^ News That
°( Service oo s\. b'Accuratt
erf Tha Coast / N^Luptoddt©
a Not a Line of It Sensa tlcnai
ci l : aky, and Not a Line erf
It Dry or Uninterestlni.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $l-per YearWIDOW AND CHILDREN OF THE HEROIC FIREMAN.
Pile-Drivers' Elect Offlcsrs.
At a meeting of the Piledrivers and
Bridgebuilders last night the following
named officers were elected: President,
T, J. Druachy ; first vice president, T. E.
Zant; second vice president; James Nolan;
recording- secretary, J.- V. Beck; financial
secretary,' E. A. .Painter; treasurer," P. T.
Peterson; assistant .recording; secretary,
J. . M. Dean ; • assistant financial secretary,
j: v Burr if 1 conductor, - H. Hart : warden, 1 J.
Franklin; sergeant-at-arms. George Clark;
trustee. P.- J.-Whalen; finance committee) —
K. Carey, William ¦ McMahon - and R.
Fawker. ; • , ; . ' •
Investigators of Cuban Postal Frauds
Becoming Convinced of
His Guilt.
HAVANA. June 21.— It is probable that
Estes G. Rathbone, the suspended Direc
tor of Posts, will be arrested -within the
next few days. The postal inspectors as
sert that they; have evidence implicating
him beyond any- question.
Mr. Rathbone's replies 'in the course of
the examination yesterday before Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General Bristow
and the Inspectors were regarded as very
unsatisfactory, more than establishing
the suspicions that have been forced upon
the investigators during the last few
weeks, until proof has accumulated to
such an extent as to compel them to look
upon Mr. Rathbone as guilty." ,
it Is also understood that the authorities
will ask for the extradition of the head
of the printing firm- at Muncie. Ind.,
which -sent bills on billheads other than
those of the firm— billheads of a fictitious
firm. " -.:..•¦- r ¦ ¦¦ . .
The defendants will be Neely, Rathbone.
Reeves,' Rich and the Muncie . printer.
Rich will be accepted as state's evidence.
His "Wife Went Insane.
Julius Weil has brought suit to have the
marriage between himself and Mathilde
Well annulled. It was solemnized on Au
gust 21. 1898. : E/>r several months prior to
the marriage, the complaint alleges, the
defendant was 111, and when he Inquired
the cause of her illness he was told it was
some stomach trouble*- which was- not
serious. He married her, and then found,
he -. alleges, .that her indisposition was
acute melancholia, and in spite of his ef
forts to have her cured she became hope
lessly Insane. She Is now In an asylum In
Europe. " The plaintiff claims -that his
consent to the marriage was received by
fraud and misrepresentation and he there
fore asks that it be annulled. ;. -¦¦ ¦.¦
DIRECTOR RATHBONE'S
ARREST IS PROBABLE
Death of Mrs. . Dryden.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
GILROY, June 21.— Mrs. Sarah H. Dry
den, widow of the late Rev. D. A. Dryden
passed away at her home In this city last
evening at the ripe old age of 73 years 10
months and 21 days. She was a native of
England, and had been a resident of Santa
Clara County for over forty years. She
was a prominent member of the "VV. C. T.
U., and took an active interest in the
moral welfare of the- town. She leaves
three children/ namely Mrs. Oliver of San
Jose. Del Dryden of San Francisco and
Miss Minnie Dryden' of Gllroy. Mrs. Dry
den had contributed poetry on several oc
casions to ther local press. — ¦
PHILADELPHIA; June 21.— The North
American .will publish to-morrow morning
the result of a canvass of the editors of
prominent newspapers throughout the
United States as to the local running mate
of Bryan In view of the selection of Theo
dore Roosevelt .by the Republican Na
tional Convention as the Vice Presiden
tial candidate. The tabulated vote shows
a decided preference for David B. Hill,
but no man has a clear majority.
Another favorite Is William R. Hearst,
editor of the New York Journal and Ad
vertiser. He Is almost as stron; as Hill.
Admiral Dewey finds little favor.
FAVOR D. B. HILL
AS BRYAN'S MATE
SALT LAKE. June 21.— The Jury In the
case of B. : H. Roberts, on trial for un
lawful cohabitation, returned a verdict of
guilty. Roberts. In an agreed statement
of facts put before the Jury, admitted that
he entered Into a polygamous marriage
with Maggie B. Shipp and lived with her
and his legal wife. Sarah Louisa. , •
It Is claimed that . Roberts relies on tha
Supreme Court - to reverse the verdict on
technical grounds. '
the Supreme Court.
Will Probably Appeal His Case to
ROBERTS CONVICTED.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. June 21.— Ten
thousand people saw Yale defeat Harvard
on Soldiers Field to-day by the score of
15 to 5 in a baseball game which was
never In doubt after the fifth Inning. Tha
Yales knocked two Harvard pitchers out
of the box and played much betur In the
field than their opponents. Score: Yale-
Runs 15. base hits 19. errors 4; Harvard —
Runs 5. base hits 7. errors 2. Batteries —
Robertson and Hlrsch: Kernan. McDon
ald, Stlllman and Reid and Malone.
Yale Defeats Harvard.
Batteries— Nops, Kltson and McGuire; Orth.
Bernard ard Douglas. Attendance, 7000.
NEW YORK. June SI.—The Boatona won tot
day through the clever pitching; or DtneerrJ
Hawley waa hit rather freely at opportuni
times. Both teams fielded splendidly. Attend
ance. S2C0. Score:
Clubs-^ R. H. E.
New York 1 J 2
Boston 5 11 2
Batteries—Hawley and Bowennan; Dlneen
and Clemer.ts.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 21.—Score: Indianap
olis 8. Buffalo 7.
DETROIT. June 21. —Score: Detroit 3. Cleve
land a , „ ¦
PH1LA DELPHI A. June 21.— Philadelphia had.
the samff ur> to the ninth lnntns, when Ortii
went into the air, and before he alishted the
Brooklyns rapped out four hits. Bernard, who
succeeded him. was hit nafely twice, rave a
base on bulls and made two wild pitches — the
whole combination resultins In five runs ana
the came. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Philadelphia ...;. « l'),.-3
Brooklyn 8 13 2
Brooklyn ... SI 17 .«4« Chicago 23 29 .469
Philadelphia 31 18 .633 Cincinnati .. 2<>. 26 ,*U
Boston 23 34 .4S9!St- Louis 20 27 .4iS
Pittsbursf ... 25 27 .4SljNew York,.. 19 Z7 .413
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Series With, the Quakers.
Superbas Take the Second In tha
ONE GAME APIECE.
OAKLAND, June 21.— The efforts of the
Alameda Bay District Fruit Growers' As
sociation to have apricot growers In Ala
meda County combine and sell their aprl
cots to the drier, and thus secure better
prices than have been offered by the Cali
fornia Canners' Association, have been
futile. At a meeting of the Fruit Grow
ers' Association held In Haywards this
evening the growers refused to combine.
This action was taken on motion of R.
Hlckmott. a, large grower and formerly
one of the reading canners of this State
The meeting was well attended and be
fore final action was taken there was a
heated discussion. E. K. Strowbrldge, R.
Hlckmott. B. Cary and several others
urged the growers to combine. Several
communications from San Jose driers
were read, giving the prices for which
green apricots could be dried. The mini
mum price was J9 70 per ton for green
fruit or $48 50 for fruit per dried ton. Fin
ally, when it became evident that the
growers would not combine, Chairman
Cary suggested that some motion be
made. K. Hlckmott moved that the
fruit-growers sell their fruit as best they
could and the motion carried unani
mously.
The canners' association has contracted
for three thousand tons of apricots in the
vicinity of this place, and the growers
with whom the association has contracted
are now fearful lest the canners will not
stand by their contract. The contracts
call for good, merchantable fruit, and the
association has given the growers notice
that the apricots must not only be mer
chantable but that they must also be un
blotcned and not cracked. This will ex
clude about one-third of the entire ton
nage already contracted for.
APRICOT GROWERS ARE
AT MERCY OF CANNERS
H. P. HOWARD
QUIETLY WEDS
United to Mies Katherine
Taylor Last Wednes
day Afternoon.
ONE of the quietest weddings of the
season was that of Horace P. How
ard of the Western Sugar Refinery
and Miss Katherlne M. Taylor at
Trinity Church last" Wednesday after
noon. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. F. W. Clampett and only the
Immediate relatives of the bride and
groom were present. There was no
groomsman and no bridesmaids and the
bride was wed In her traveling gown of
gray serge. Immediately after the cere
mony the happy couple started for South
ern California, where they will spend a
month in sightseeing. . ,
Mrs. Horace Howard Jr. is a strikingly
handsome woman, while her husband is
one of those sterling men who make
friends In every walk of life. AH who
knew them join in wishing them a long,
happy and prosperous wedded life.
The groom entered the office of lae
sugar reHnery fifteen years ago as a
Junior clerk and worked his way up to
the position of honor and trust he now
holds. Still so adverse is he to publicity
that his confreres in the office have still
to learn that his holiday trip Is also his
honeymoon.
Captain Horace Z. Howard, the able
superintendent of the Oceanic Steamship.
Company and Kosmos line. Is the father
of the groom and he only received a few
hours' 1 notice to-be in attendance at the
wedding.
CINCINNATI. June 21.— Star Chamber,
bearing the familiar colors of Pat Dunne,
was first past the post in the rich Him
yar stakes at Latonia to-day. Only four
horses started, and Star Chamber was al
ways favorite at odd3 of 13 to 10. John F.
Schorr's. Greenock was second choice at 7
to 5. with 4 to 1 on the Scoggan entry.
Florlzar and Highland lad. Greenock dis
played poor condition. He was never bet
ter than second In any part of the race,
and was beaten off at the finish. The
track was fast. Results:
Six furlorss, selling— Rocklngham won, Dulac
second. Julia Rose third. Time. 1:15%.
Five furlongs— School for Scandal won. May
Cherry second. Telephone Girl third. Time,
1 :C2.
One mile, selling— Ennomla won, Honeywood
second. IMssolute third. Time, 1:41%.
The Hlmyar stakes, value $4160. one "mile and
an eighth — Star Chamber won. Florizar second.
Highland Lad third. Time. VMto.
Five furlongs — Secundus won. John It. Allen
second. Ferraunt third. Time, l:03^a-
Six furlongs, selling— Little Land won, Flop
second. Osmon third. Time, 1:15.
NEW YORK. June 21.— The Swift stakes,
for three-year-olds, at seven furlongs, was
the feature of the racing at gheepshead
Bay to-day. Contestor won cleverly by
one and a half lengths, while Brigadier,
the favorite, was four lengths before Kll
laahandra, third. Contestor and Killas
handra were vbout equal second choices.
Results:
Seven furlonsrs. selling— Oliver Mac won. Buf
foon second. Tinge third. Time. 1:23.
Five furlongs — Prince of Melrose won. Beau
Gallant eecond. Minion third. Time. 1:C1 4-5.
One mile— Decanter won, Greyfleld second.
Blue Away third. Time, 1:40 4-3.
The Swift, seven -furlongs— Contestor won.
Brigadier second. Killashandra third. Time.
VJt 2-5.
Futurity course— Handwork won. Bounteous
second. Star third. Time, 1:12 3-5. •
One mile and a half, on turf, selling— Sir Fltz
huKh won. Post Haste second. Bangor third.
Time, 2:36 2-5.
CHICAGO. June 21.— The remarkable
showing of Norford, "Lucky" Baldwin's
candidate in the Derby, in the mud was
the most Interesting event at Harlem to
day. Norford had not been considered
more than a doubtful starter, with no
chance on earth before to-day, but this
afternoon in a race at a mile and a six
teenth, in which Wax. another Derby colt,
was entered, he spread-eagled his Held
and made the other horses In the races
look cheap. He had the hollowest kind of
a victory", going through the mud like a
streak. As It bids fair to be muddy at
Washington Park on Saturday Norford' s
race puts him within the possibilities. Re
bults:
• Four and a half farlonsrs— Paleton won. Matin
second. Ertcsell third. Time. -.57%. •
Seven furlongs, selling— Orion won, Littie
nepgie second, Abe Furst third. Time. 1:33.
One mile and a sixteenth— Norford won. Wax
second. Ben Alder third. Time, 1:54V».
The Junior stakes, five and a half furlongs—
Silverdale won. Grandon second. Princess
Tltanla third. Time. 1:11.
6lx furlongs— Dr. Walmsley won. High Hoe
eecond. Barney F third. Time. 1:13^-
One mile an-1 fifty yarda. selling — The 'Lady
won Molo second. Erwln third. Time, 1:4»V
ST. LOUIS. June 2L— Results at the Fair
Grounds:
Six furlongs— Hottentot won, Lanza second.
Gilbert third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlonr*- Zack Ford won, Isobel ¦ecocd,
Sard third. Time. l:02Vi-
One mile and twenty yards, selling 1 — Capron
won, Muskalonge second, Connie Lee third.
Time, 1:43H-
Midsummer handicap, value |M00. one mile—
Pinochle won. Found second, Annie Oldfleld
third. Time. 1:40^
Seven furlongrs — Triadltza won, Bella of Mem
phis aecon.l, TuI5a Fonso third. Time, l:27Vi.
Six furlongs— Theoiy won, Maydine second.
Judge Wardell third. Time. 1:41ft.
DENVEK, June 21. — In the hurdle race
to-day Jockeys Burks and Hunter were
thrown from their mounts. Burks was
fatally Injured. Results:
Seven furlones— R. Q. Ban ¦•in. Miss "Wed
wood second. Cousin Letty third" Time. 1:29^.
Six furlongs— Eva Wilson won. Croker sec
ond. Joe Heart third. Time. 13714. .
Four and a half furlongs — Ben Beach won,
Panaznlnt second. Sea Queen third. Time,
:55'-2.
Hurdle, seven furlong*— Chilcoot Pass won.
Joe Bell second. Gleorina II third. Time, 1:4a
Four furlonss — Jake Ward won. Orator sec
ond, Ferdinand third. Time, :49Va.
BUFFALO, June 2L— Results:
Six fnrlonss— Miss Al Tarroxr won. Easter
Lily second. Infellce third. Time, 1:18.
Four and a half furlongs— Donna Zay won.
Compass second, Ida Quicklime third. Time,
:56.
S!x and a half furlongs — Oak Maid won.
Zanone second. Royal Sterling third. Time,
l:2O»i.
Six furlongs, selling— Gold Lack won. Ex
pelled second. Roh Gray third. Time, 1:MH.
Seven and a half furlonjj*— Kitty Kesrent won.
Annie Teuton second. Glad Hand third. Time.
1:35%.
Six furlor.gs— By George won. Jennie second,
Lottie Hunter third. Time, 1:14.
Contestor Wins the Swift Stakes &z
Sheepshead Bay and Silverdala
the Junior Classic at
Harlem.
Only Four Horses Start in
the Feature Event at
Latonia.
HIMYAR TAKEN
BY PAT DUNNE'S
STAR CHAMBER
CHICAGO, June 2L— It rained heavily
this evening, and with the prospects of a
heavy track all the opinions regarding
the outcome of the American Derby,
which is to be run at Washington Park
Saturday, have had to be revised. How
ever, should there be clear weather to
morrow and Saturday there is still a
chance for a good and possibly even a
fast track. At present the handicappera
are basing calculations on a track that
will be somewhat muddy.
The conspicuous loser by this calcula
tion is Advance Guard, and the supporters
of the Shields colt are in mourning to
night. On the other hand, the thousands
of supporters of the favorite, Lieutenant
Gibson, are smiling, for until the Lieu
tenant scored his brilliant performance
on a hard track at Louisville this spring
the impression prevailed that he was
never at his best except on a heavy track.
The chances of James, Silver Garter,
Pupil and Sam Phillips are not thought
to be particularly affected one way or the
other by the mud. Sidney Lucas is a fine
mudder, and if any outsider is added. to
the present list of probable starters it is
likely to be he because of the muddy
track. Barrack's chances will be helped,
by the mud.
The sensation to-day was the race put
up by Norford at Harlem. There is al
ways a following here for "Lucky" Bald
win, because the latter has already won
four derbies; but .when his only candidate,
Norford, ran a poor race at Harlem on
Tuesday all but the credulous thought
Baldwin had no chance for this race* To
nearly everybody's surprise Norford
came out at Harlem to-day and won a
race by a city block, and as Norford 13 a
son of Emperor of Norfolk and therefore
a "mudder," the "Lucky" Baldwin colony
is in great spirits to-night. Should the
track be muddy on Saturday Norford will
have to be given consideration, although
the field which he beat to-day was not
much.
Lieutenant Gibson got another workout
to-day, and It was as usual sensational.
It occurred at Washington Park early
this morning, the son of G. W. Johnson
covering the mile and a half in 2:36^. It
was easily done and makes the colt more
than ever a favorite. Green Morris' pair.
Pupil and Silver Garter, were sent a mile
each, the former In 1:42 and the latter in
1:45. Pupil disappointed Morris, who says
Silver Garter will be his main reliance.
James was sent a "mile and a Quarter In
2:09J4 and pleased owner Barrick. Yellow
Tail worked only six furlongs and owner
Hackett. expressed himself doubtful
whether the colt would start on Saturday.
Advance Guard and All Gold were
brought over from Harlem and the former
was jogged a couple of miles.
"Lucky" Baldwin's Norford Makes a
' Splendid Showing at Harlem
and Will Be Accorded
Strong Support.
Advance Guard's Chances
Damaged by a Fall
of Rain. .
DERBY WILL
BE BON OVER
HEAVY TRACK
Successful Musical and Literary En
tertainment of the Scottish
TMstle Club.
The officers of the Scottish Thistle Club
have every reason. to feel gratified at the
success of the complimentary literary and
musical entertainment at Metropolitan
Temple last night The place was crowd-
CLANNA NAN GAIDHEAL '
GUAILIBH A'CHEILE
Insane Man With. Destructive Ten
dencies £rids His
Life. .'.'-
Edward Hlsgen, a retired musician and
fairly well-tOrdo, was found in bed at his
residence, 1307 Webster street, yesterday
at 7:30 a. m. with his throat cut.' His wife
and servant made the discovery and sum
moned medical assistance. Despite every
effort the patient gradually weakened
and at 11:30 o'clock succumbed.
-The deceased' had been- out of his mind
for the past two or. three years, possess
ing a decided mania for destroying books
and furniture. . : ( _ . t-
The body was allowed to remain at the
residence • by ' the Coroner's 'deputies and
Dr. Thomas B. W.; Leland performed the
autopsy there.
RETIRED MUSICIAN
\CUTS HIS OWN "¦THROAT
Surgeon General Wyman IMrects As
sistant Cannichael to Cease Fumi
gatingVessels From This Port
A telegram wa« received '. in this city
yesterday from Surgeon General Wyman
of the Marine Hospital Service at Wash
ington. D. C, td be forwarded to Assist
ant Surgeon Carmichael of the marlno
hospital service at Honolulu, directing,
that official to suspend all further quaran
tine against ships clearing from San Fran
cisco, The telegram in addition directs
Dr. Carmichael to cease the fumigation
of vessels hailing from this port.
The orders practically mean the raising
of the quarantine against San Francisco
by the Honolulu authorities. It is in fact
an admission by the Washington officials
that bubonic plage docs not exist In this
city. Traffic > between the two points,
which has suffered considerably owing to
the action of the local Board of Health in
declaring that" plague existed here, will
now be resumed with Its former activity:
DENVER, June 21.— Governor Thomas
to-day received an official inquiry from
Secretary of State Hay asking the rea
sons for the Colorado quarantine against
Chinese and Japanese. K. Nabeshima,
Fecretary of the Japanese Legation at
Washington, has addressed a strenuous
protest against the quarantine to the Fed
eral Government. Governor • Thomas will
consult the State Board of Health before
replying to Secretary Hay's Inquiry.
ORDERS QUARANTINE
RAISED IN HONOLULU
Negotiations for a Return Meeting
Between the Rival Middle-Weight
Boxers Nearly Completed.
The managers of the National Athletic
Club held a conference last night with
"Jack" Moffatt of Chicago and Al NeilL
It is almost a foregone conclusion these
men will meet in the ring again at Wood
ward's Pavilion. No definite agreement
was reached, but the parties in interest
are apparently of the opinion that there
is more potency in the names of these
men to attract a large attendance than in
any oth«r boxers now available. The club
has numed July 13 as the date of Its next
light. The matching of the hard-hitting
middle-weights wfll probably be effected
to-day.
Nein learned a bitter lesson In his last
engagement with MOffatt. He will leave
nothing undone that will put him in his
former condition, and hope* to regain the
pround he lost. He will spend a week at
the Vall^Jo Springs and two weeks at his
old training quarters. He will go in for
rougher work than usual, availing of the
services of two heavy-weights whom he
will huftle about. - ¦• •
Moffatt has looked after his health since
his la« engagement and will require but
little work to put him on edge.
A'.ex Grcggains, matchmaker of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, is endeavoring
to arrange a boxing tournament as a ben
efit for the family of John E. Sweeney,
the brave fireman who lost his life in the
performance cf his duty.
NEILL WILL PROBABLY
BE MOFFATT'S OPPONENT
NAYLOR'S ACT
OF HEROISM
BUT for the timely action of
Policeman Naylor. of • the
Southern station yesterday
afternoon the six-months
old child ot Mrs. Danz of 1651
Tenth avenue would in all proba
bility have been trampled to death
, under the hoofs of a horse, ,
, Mrs. Danz was, crossing Market
streeti-'near Third, with her, baby
In her, arms, when she was knock
ed down by ,a horse which was
being driven by Charles Hansen.
In falling she released her hold on
the Infant and it rolled -under the
horse's hoofs. Naylor was stand
ing near by, and with rare pres
ence of mind he grabbed the horse
by the; bit with one hand,- while
with the other he reached down
and dragged' the child from under
the feet of the fractious animal..
After rescuing the ; Infant Nay
* lor released his " hold on the horse
arid the animal started \ to- run
away., knocking the policeman
down. Several bystanders prompt
ly seized the animal and prevented
it from injuring Naylor and the
"baby," which he held In ' his arms.
Beyond a slight abrasion , of the
forehead the. child was uninjured.
Mrs. Danz' was also slightly
brulsed>, by being struck ..by the
¦ horse. [¦¦ -';'. - . ¦ ¦¦'»- / -. : ¦.,,;. _;.
The driver of the animal was
placed under . arrest and charged
at the City Prison with battery."
To Banquet Company D.
Some time ago Ignatlan, Council. No.. 35,
V. M. I.V decided to banquet the company
winning the trophy at the recent competi
tive drill of the League of the ..Cross Ca
dets. ¦ In . accordance with ¦. that , decision a
banquet ¦ will - be tendered to Company D.
the winning company, on - next Tuesday
evening, June 26, In Native Sons' Hall.'
An yelegant . menu will . be : arranged and
many eloquent speakers wlU be present,
among them Henry • Austin , Adams.
Hunting-ton, Hopkins & Co. Make
Application for a Dissolution dt
Copartnership.
Application was made yesterday In the
County Clerk's office to have the copart
nership heretofore existing between the
members of the old firm of Huntlngton,
Hopkins & Co. dissolved by mutual con
sent. The firm was organized in the early
sixties by Collls P. Huntington and Mark
Hopkins, and it did a thriving business by
selling hardware to the railroads which
were then in course of construction.
In 1SS8 a corporation was formed under
the same name, with Collis P. Hunting
ton. H. E. Huntington. W. R. S. Foye. G.
L. King and Charles Miller as directors.
In 1895. the good will and stock of the firm
which had been so successful were sold to
"Miller. Sloss & Scott, who have ; con
tinued the business since that time, t The
outstanding accounts and bills were re
tained by the corporation, and these hav
ing all been collected it was deemed ad
visable to wind up Its affairs. There were
10.439 shares of the capital stock repre
sented at the meeting when the arrange
ments for dissolution were perfected.
These were voted by, Messrs. Foye, H. E.
Huntington and.G. L. King. Collis P.
Huntington and Miller are now In New
York, but gave their consent to the dis
solution of the copartnership.
OLD FIRM WANTS TO
WIND UP ITS AFFAIRS
ed to the doors and a number could not
obtain seats. A pleasing feature of the
event was the large number of children
present with their parents.
There were eighteen numbers on the
programme and the recalls were frequent.
William J. Hynes sang and talked so' well
that he had to reappear four times, and
the audience wanted more. The dancing
(Scotch, Irish and Russian) was splendid,
particularly the sailors' hornpipe by little
Miriam Sydney Smith, a graceful fairy,
and the Irish jig and reel dancing by
O'Connor and Kelleher. Professor Louis
Tronchet and Mrs. Aline Hemof gave
some clever points In fencing. There was
club swinging by Xeil Lindsay and Adam
A. Ross manipulated the Scotch bagpipes
and Professor T. McCarthy the Irish.
Royal Chief John Ross presided. George
W. Paterson, the energetic secretary^ was
master of ceremonies, and with him on
the literary committee were George Miller
and Thoma3 Christy. The royal chief re
minded the large audience that the annual
games would come off at Shell Mound
Park on the Fourth of July.
THERE has been a genuine burst of
public enthusiasm over the heroic
deed of Fireman J. E. Sweeney, who
lost his life last Tuesday in effecting
the rescue of a helpless old man from a
burning building. The deepest sympathy
Is expressed for the struggling young
widow, who is fighting to keep the wolf
from the door, and the offers of assistance
for her little family' have been sponta
neous from every quarter. An act of hero
ism so unselfish has loosened the purse
strings of the public ' and the subscrip
tions are rolling in.
The managers of the several playhouses
met yesterday morning at the request of
many players now in the city and plans ,
are being laid for a monster benefit, to be
held at the Grand Opera-house on the aft
ernoon of June 23, the proceeds of which
will be applied to the purchase of a home
for the widow of the brave fireman. The
best talent in the city has been offered
for the occasion and every effort will be I
Modern Laundry Company, $10; Mrs. R
Tobin, $10; J. P. Le Count, $10; Paraffin©
Paint Company, $5; Dr. C. A. Clinton, $5;,
Slebe Shoe Company, $5; T. M. Fergusdn,
$5; C. Smart. $5; J. P., $5; Kohler & Chase,
$5; Summerfield & Roman. $2 50; John
Stofen, $2; R. T. Baccus. $3: Charles J.
Baccus, $2; Louis R. Baccus, $1; Alfred
Baccus, $1; Miss Josie Baccus, $1; Mis3
Stella Baccus, $1; Miss Gertie Baccus, $1;
cash, $1; widow, $1; H. K. Dick. $1; cash,
50 cents; cash. 50 cents. Total, $3S8 50.
The funeral of the dead fireman will
*e held to-day from St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass for the repose
of his soul will be celebrated at 10 a_ m.
The - cortege and burial at Holy Cross
Cemetery will' be under the auspices of
the Fire Department. First Assistant
Chief John Dougherty and . Battalion
Chief E. F. McKittrick will have charge
and every man in the department who can
be spared will be in line. The Fire Com
missioners and members of the fire patrol
will also attend. Already the casket that
contains the scarred remains of the hero
is hidden under wreath of beautiful
flowers. _ i »
made to make the event a notable one. A
dispatch has been received from Henry
Miller, who opens In this city next week,
offering his services for the benefit. Tick
ets for the benefit will be $1, <lnd the pros
pects are that the house will be crowded
for the event.
Mrs. Almira S. Townsend was among
the first to respond yesterday to The Call's
appeal for funds. . She sent her. check for
$100, with a deep expression of sympathy
for the widow and children. Nine mem
bers of the Baccus family mailo up a purse
of $10, which was sent to The Call to be
added to the fund for the benefit of the
bereaved widow and orphans. Altogether
The Call has received to date $388 50, and
much more has already been promised.
Chief Sullivan has received the following
subscriptions: Stein. Simon & Co., $25;
Edward R. Taylor, $10; Ed Godchaux, $5;
engine company 4 and chemical company
1; J16; Hugh McHugh, $5; John Rosenfeld
& Sons, $25; John "W. Murphy, $20; engine
company 15, $10; Mrs, C. H, Wood, $2 50;
Mrs. Jesse W. Lilienthal. $5; a, friend,
$2 75; University Club. $75 50; William R.
Whittler, $20; Rev. Father H. H. Wyman
of the Paulist Fathers, $3; Sylvaln & Salo
mon, $5; Eugene Bates, $5. Total, $236 75.
Chief of Police Sullivan sent a letter yes
terday to the captain of each district re
ferring to the heroic act of the dead fire
man and suggesting that as a fireman's
duty was closely allied to that of a police
man in risking life the police should sub
scribe to the fund for the benefit of the
widow and children. He asked that his
letter be read to each of the watches,
with the proviso that all subscriptions
should be voluntary.
The Musicians' Mutual Protective Union
of San Francisco will probably send a
large orchestra to take part In the benefit.
The sale of tickets will begin on next
Tuesday morning at the Grand . Opera
house. The benefit for the California
volunteer fund at the Orpheum netted
$10,500. Following is a list of subscriptions
received to date at the Call business of
fice: • . •
Previously acknowledged. $100; Mrs.
Almira 8. Townsend, $100; John Perry Jr.,
$50; Thomas Morton, $25; Nolan Shot-
Company, $20; Harry F. Woods, $10;
: ; ! :Sara. a .young greyhound from the ken
xveis of R. E. de B. Lopez & Son. won the
ipridveek s-take handily from F. A. Mc-
Cornb's One Spot at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterdays
In the deciding course Bara piled up
frarteen points, while her opponent scored
tut one. Prior to winning out Sara met
erd defeated St. Oran, Morse Patrol,
Prnce Hal. Prince George and St. An
r : my, outclassing the latter la-^3. The
?; rt.was excellent, all the hares being
fliers and aftorOing line trials.
Although the Lopez kennels won the
Ftake with Sara, they lost Carmencita,
cr.e of their most promising representa
tives, fche is supposed to have burst a
hinoa vessel on the field, and the applica
tion of restoratives <Jld not avail to save
her life. In her first course she was
drawn against Temple. The latter did not
n;ipear. so Carmoriclta ran a bye course
v.uh Walt a Little. After the dogs liad
teen running nearly two minutes Carmen.
ci;a fell, but was soon In the running
arain. The hare was killed as the relief j
cog reached the part of the field in which
the tired coursers were running, three
minutes and twelve seconds after they
vere elipped. Carmencita was led off the
l^eid and her wide-open jaws Indicated to
the coursing men that she was in distress.
1 his became mere apparent when she was
taker, to her kennel, and despite the ef- i
forts made to *ave her she died. She was j
by Waratah-Carmen and was highly .
The detailed results of the running, with
Judge Reilly's official scores, follow:
M. MichU'.ki's Terronlte beat M. J. Kelly's
N'.E-ht Time. 7-4; Lowe Sc Thompson's Prince
Hall beat P. Dingles Storm King, 7-6; Far
ley nr.«s.' Morse Patrol beat A. Frankln's
Loiterer, 4-2; K. E. de B. Lopex's Sara beat
L"«e A Thomrwon's St. Oran, 7-2; A. Mas
6"ys Iiadlwist beat P. J. Nclte'B Fire Queen,
h-1; D. Dillon's Prince George beat F. Faxson'6
Meny Maiden. 5-2; J. H. W. Mutter's Cruiser
fct-at H. II. Gray's Commander, 12-0; J. I.
O'Brien '« Wandering Tom beat P. IMngle's
Oath In, 9-4; T. J. Cronln'e Thornhlll beat
Maher & Reid's Singleton, 4-3; G. Shaman's
Wait a B!t beat's. Flower's Keystone. 5-3;
Lowe & Thompson's Society Belle beat M. Tier
nan's Mar>' Ann. S-2; J. R. Smith's Victor
beat D. LHllon's Snowdrop, 6-0; G. Lahusen's
Firefly beat Joe Perry's Sweet Belle, 6-3; A.
Johriecn'6 Tod Sloan beat' Lowe & Thompson's
Ovir the Border, S-5; George Shaman's Wait a
Little beat J. Charlton's Temple; H. P. Whit
lr.j?s St. Anthony beat J. H. W. Muller'e Ter
rona, 10-2; J. K. Smith's Lady Sears beat J.
Farrell'e Last Day, J5-6; George Breuhan's
Monogram Neat J. Rock's Minerva, 4-2; Sterl
A: Knowles' Olita beat H. H. Gray's Bannock
bum, 10-1; R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmencita
beat VS. P. Whiting's Wadena; Welch & Hee
nan'e Sacramento Boy beat G. W. Lee'e Can
yen, >:-C; F. A. McC'omb's One Snot beat D.
Dillon's Eurrpa, 8-6; J. Carroll's Erin's Hope
b"at W. J. Leonard'* Daylight. 10-3; S. Handy's
Larty Hugo beat M. Waleh's Bendalong. 7-5.
First tie— Prince Hal boat Terronite, 5-3;
Fara beat KEorse Patrol. 6-0; Prince Gecrge beat
HaGiwlFt. S-C; Wandering Tom beat Cruiser,
1-1: ThornMU beat Wait a Bit, 4-0; Society
Belle beat Victor. 7-5; Tod Sloan beat Firefly,
S-2: Olita and St. Anthony ran a bye; Mono
cram beat La-!y Sears. 6-0; One Spot beat Fac
r^meElo iicy. 4-2; Lady Hugo beat Erin's Hope,
C-3.
Second t!o— Fara beat Prince Hal, 6-0; Prince
George beat Wan3ering Tom, 16-10; Thomhill
l*at Society Belle. C-4; St. Anthony beat Tod
t.lnan. 7-2; Ollta beat Monogram, 1*-*: One
fcl"H he?! I-a'ly Hugo. S-4.
Third t;e-Sara beat Prince George, 8-1; St.
Anthony beat Thcrnhill. 12-8; One Ispot beat
Oi'ia. »-2.
fourth tie— Sara beat St. Anthony, 15-3; One
FjfCi ran a bye.
I.'ecidlng course— R E. <ie B. Lopez & Son's
Tarn iru-irter-Camilla) beat F. A. McCcmti s
one £i» t <.Sky Rocket-Oueen II).
Eighty Dogs Will Start.
Eighty dogs in all will go to the slips
at Ingieside Park to-morrow In an open
stake. The flrst run-down ¦will commence
to-mo'.rcw at 12:30, while on Sunday the
Fport will commence an hour earlier. The
craw resulted as follows:
Gec-ixe nntos Glad Hand vs. A. Frank's
Loiterer; M. MichUlki's Terronite vs. L.
Ycung"* Bcotblack; J. Mortality's Snapper Gar
r.s/>n vs. J. I. <y Brien's Statesman; Lowe &
Thocirscn 1 !! Society B*;i* vs. r>. Connell'i Sa
tan; 1>. K. Carters High Jinks vs. J. Hocks
*l;nerva; RuesfII, Alien & Wilson's Belle
Claire vs. E. D. Fallon'6 Lily of the West: J.
1'ctter'* Remus ve. B F. Jackson's Glen Elder:
"W - H. Pittrr.an> Alex vs. 8. Hanson's l^.ne
Ph<n Cuulej. 1>. Ford's Bonlta vs. Russell. Al
len <t WUfor/B MIh Allen; J. Morlarlty'e Klt
tifinan vs. W, H. Pittman's Esmeralda: PL
Huberts" Cor.nado vs. Kelly & Hanley's Baby
King; P. Dingle's Storm King- vs. A. Johnson's
Lowlander; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence vs.
P. Terry's Black Boauty; J. H. W. Muller'«
Moons-tone vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure; P. Din-
Z'.t'e (Sash In vs. Lowe & Thompson's Cora
fear!; J. H. W. Muller> Cruiser v». Russell,
AliHl & Wilson's Chlcagro Boy; R. Roberts*
Lady HulJa vs. J. W. W.xxl's Cliff Wilson; M.
J. Welch's Lady Norborne vs. J. F&m-H's
fash Day: T. A. OafTney's Recoil ra. F. Pern's
Jennie Uean; M. J. Welch's MilM&le vs. Rue
f?l\. Allen & Wilson' • L>alsy Clalr; A John
pon'» BaJ<1 Eagle vs. J. Caveney's Juliet; Cap
t&in Csne's MIfs Penraan vs. J. Seggerson's
Gold BUt: D. Toland'* Twillg-ht Jr. vs. J. C.
Wi!:itra»' California; D. Dillon's Europa vs.
'•.-¦::. Car.es Master L>avenr>ort; O. W.
Helrtz' Coquet vs. p. Brophy's Benicia Boy;
B. F. Jackson's Krai? Jorgcnsen vb. C. Brown's
Glen Nida; W. H. fchfare Alarue vs. Al Aus
tin's Firm Foe; J. Kennedy's Vine West vs.
A. Van den Burgh's X&ushty Girl; J. Moriar-
Uj-» Jlmmie Anthony vs. E. Hood's Demnsey
I am; George Buehn'g M<-,norram vs. G. Duffy's
Master John; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal
ve. Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel; Lowe &
Thomrfon'e Over the Border vs. B. F. Jack
fon'« Turquoise; F. Mack's Delia M vs J. Mc-
Enroe's Admiral Sampson; D. Shannon's Safe
ruard vs. T. Tieme/s Tea Rose: J. I. O'Brien's
Wandering Tom vs. J. H. W. Mullere Terrona;
Farley Bros.' Morse Patrol VB. M. Mlchlllki's
Glen Roy; D. Dillon's Dewdrop vs. S. Handy' b
Lady Hugo; O. Lahusen'e Firefly vs. Lowe tt
Thompson's fit. Oran; G. Pluto's Mischief vs.
Malier & Reid's Singleton; J. Potter's Palm
Flower vs. D. Toland's Hard Lines.
Sires Are Fliers and Excellent Sport
.-; -: Is Provided by a Good
¦[¦¦''I \ ". ' ¦ ".. Card of Fleet
l\;\; :¦ ¦•• ...'.;¦ Hounds.
Wins Handily From Mc
; Comb's One Spot by Four
¦:.['} . teen Points
SPEEDY SARA A
STAKE WINNER
AT INGLESIDE
THE 1 SA3S \j FRANO1SGO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1 900;
A Liberal Response
of the Public to
The Call's First
GRAND BENEFIT FOR FAMILY
OF BRAVE FIREMAN SWEENEY
- - >
Theatrical People
Very Anxious to
Assist the Grow
ing Fund.
13THE SAN IFRANCISCO GALIi, FRIDAY^ JTJTXE
14
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladles' speclal-
l 1st of Ions and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at offlce, $3: home in confine-
ment: best care; consultation free and con-
• fidentlal. 416 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to & and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ft ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023% Market St.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
success: i; years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home: low fees. 10O7H Market st.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
offlce, $3; anyallment; consultation free: con-
fldential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. OUTER, 446 Eddy St.. well known
and reliable: ladles specialist; consult free-
home In confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.'
MRS. M. ALLEN, ¦ loss Market-Ladies' « P e-
. clallst; home In confinement: safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. . 1X3 Martet; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods: treatment. $5.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton, China; dls-
eases of nil kinds cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advlce free.
T ,,^7?, R - J VISE & CO - the «»<"«»• specialists,
HIS Market St.; every case guaranteed; $3 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR.. PFEIFFEIt.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls"-
eanex of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MONEY TO LOAX. "
ANY amount at 9 per cent: lstriT'and^d^inort^
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elae-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first
second mortgages,* states in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 15. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
>. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made 6n furniture at 1H per cent; also
loans to salaried p«ople. HArtSHDARGBR,
322 Ellis «t. rocm 34. .
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
'ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
" BONELLI. Conservatory bide, 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watch**, diamonds : lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Dsvls m.
ON furniture and planon without removal ; quirk
service: money direct: lowest Intertat Room*
63 and 69. Donohoc building. U70 Market at.
MEDICAL.
WILL PAY cash for old sealskins. Box 4319, I
Call office. >
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHlTEHTIAn, 710 Market »t.
WANTED— Good barber at 1759 Union st.
GOOD barber: steady; wages $1L 602 Halght.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday: chance
for steady 3ob. 1172 Seventh st., Oakland.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
steady. 1337 Duoont st. -.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon-
. chance for steady. 131 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday and chance
• for coed extra Job. 416 Hayes st.
BARBER wanted , for Saturday and Sunday
and one steady. 1073 Market St., near 7th.
WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; give age
and references. Box C54. Call offlce. , .
DISHWASHER wanted. Call 1581 Valencia st.
CLERK, in grocery store: young German. H
METHMANN. 2498 Market' St.. cor. Sanchez.
WANTED— Boy to drive physician, clean drug
store, etc. 142S Powell st.
SIGN nalnter wanted. Address box 646, Call
offlce.
OLD gentleman or lady to stay home nights;
room rent free; no work. 1137 Folsom st.
WANTED— A first-class nickel plater and pol-
isher. 223 Beale st.
KITCHEN man that can cook short orders,
$20 month and room; restaurant. 23 First sK
PORTER wanted— Oakland Coffee and Lunch
¦ House, 5 East st.
KITCHEN hand wanted. 781 Sutter st."
DISHWASHER wanted at 811 Larkin st.
WANTED— Second cook at * New Washington
Hotel. SS4 Fourth st. - ' •
WANTED— Bootblack for: barber chop. 137
\ Taylor St., near : Eddy. •"
WANTED— Elevator boy. 102 Ellis st; apply
after 9. ' .,-.¦- ¦•--."
WANTED — A strong vegetable -man; must
' know . his .business. 119 Stockton ¦ St.
YOUNG -. man (dishwasher) wanted. Capital
, Restaurant, . 206 McAlllstfcr St.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper i on .wagon and
truck work. 527 Brannanst.
HIGH-CLASS salesmen wanted everywhere | to
, sell • latest Improved high-class dry chemical
. fire ; extinguisher; : will pay you handsomely
. for - your service. THE FYRICIDE CO.: 44
/Murray st.,'.N. Y. -, ; •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged.. half
.'price. 562 Mission. st., bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
WANTED — Boys to do 7 machine work in mill.
; Apply '. at cordage factory, Iowa H.". ¦ bet.
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Potrero.
ELDERLY man tohelp sell fruit off of wagon;
', $15 per month and; fovpd. ;128 Henry: call be-
.tween 12:30 and 2 p. m. , . . *
GOOD cabinet-makers wanted at MOLLER &
. :- SASS.- ¦: 689 California st. . - -
FOR SALE— Three-ch^r barber shop. 14 Turk
. street. ;. ; ...
FIRST-CLASS chief cock;'must have reference.
; .; Box 623, j Call offlce. ; .
WANTED— Good solicitor ; for'somethlng new.
1 Apply 873 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
BARBER shop ; with baths, good location, «lty,
for sale;, price $250.-, Box -614, Call.'.
BOY?, and ' eirl ~- hustlers during vacation; can
:-•; earn •¦ good ; salaries. Box , 603, ¦ Call.
SAILORS, ordinary ' seamen and green hands;
'all parts of ¦. world: HERMAN'S.' 26 Steuart.
MAN or.' boy." to ''> do Janitor iwork : for tuition at
..Ban Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
LINDELL ' House, ''corner Si3th and Howard—
I Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
_HHBB_______M_fl__ltafl____H^ri_s_____M
..•*: !•- ¦" — -•-'-'. - - -'- - .f^-
WANTED— The addrws of a dealer In brass
molding panel. Address Seattle Brass Co..
Seattle, Wash.
BIISCELLAM3OUS WANTS.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
SAFES — N«w and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
A 10-TOX Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof cafe. 216 California st.
Cook and wife, sawmill camp, $50, see boss
here; man and wife, bakery In country:' man
to drive wagon, wife to attend store; $45 and
C. R.HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
MARRIED driver for bakery wagon; farmer
and wife. $3.": dairyman for 12 cows,' $t0; but-
/ ter maker. $60; separator man, $30 and board;
stablemen for city, and country, $27 50 and $30
•and 'board; farmers, $25 and: $26; choreman
'for resort. $25; choreman for ranch, $35 > and
board; blacksmiths, $35 and $2 day and board;
blacksmith helpers; slack, work •>.-• coopers ;
Btlckerman, $3 day; all around machine man
for planing, mill, $3 day; wheelwright for
ranch. $35 and board; miners, woodsmen,
laborers, teamsters and many others. -' J.. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento St.
HOTEL cook, $45; boarding house cook, $43 to
$50;' family cook, $45; waiters, $25- and $30;
dishwashers, vegetable men and other hotel
and restaurant ; help. J. F. CROSETT'S
.AGENCY, C2S Sacramento St.
BARBERS' Progressive -Union— Free employ-
; ment. H. Bernard. See. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 151
S W!\NTED — Bookkeeper, not. over; 30, of keen
.- perception and . rapidity, who can take full
charge of a set of books and make out n bal-
ance sheet; must be sober and accurate ;¦ state
¦¦.' age,' • experience, salary, . references. Apply
box 651. .Call office. • .
/WANTED— A; rapid., plain writer,' accurate' In
figures, with good references; state age, name,
address,: qualifications,' experience-, and
whether married or single; Jobbing merchant.-
Box C50,'Call office. -- ¦ . .- >/
MAN and wife for country townsman to drive
¦ a bakery i wagon ; ' the ; wife * to tend ¦ to ', store
-and do some housework; -references required.
\: Box 649.: Call of flee.
WANTED— Strong boy, 17 or 18 "years old, < to
rwork In wholesale house: give age and refer-
ence. Box fJ4. Call office. >
WANTED—Englneer I to ' run . small ' enplne | and
¦; rplce mill In wholesale 'house; give references,
experience and wages expected. :Box 654, Call.'
WANTED— Steady man; Hsht Indoor work; wiil
. pay $60 per month, with • chance • of ; increase ;
'£ email. capital: -..1016 Market st., room 10. ; ¦ .-.
BOY?about 20 for office; small wages. to begin.
. AddresB in' own writing," with references,' box
,647,'Call offlce. ' '
GOOD all-around : bookbinder," 1 forwarder,"-' ruler
and finisher; ' good . steady : position to ¦ right
man. . W. W. . box .659. ' Call office. 1 •
WANTED — Good; camp waiter out of city;; call
• early. - 5C5- Howard st." ¦¦-¦.: .. ..-.-. :-.-
; WANTED-^A. helper for fire escape work." Call
"-..¦8t 423 Sacramento st.'S^t^lBRS—MBQSIWBBRB
PRESSMAN on vests wanted immediately;
«ooa wages paid. S09 Kearny st.,* room 12. .
10 waiters, different hotels. $30; silver man."
springs, $23; pantryman, resort. $30; porter,
country hotel. $20; houseman," $20.
Head cook, country hotel, $65: baker and pas-
try cook, resort, $30: baker, assist on range,
$50; meat opok, country hotel, $30: 2 fry cooks,
$45 and $60: cook for dredger, $40; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30;
second cook, country hotel, $40. ',.' '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
60 woodsmen. .$30 to $43 and board, see boss
here; 100 woodchoppers. pine- and cedar, $1 25
a cord: 10 farmers, different ranches, • $1 25 a
day and hoard; 20 farmers, different ranches,
$25 and $26: 6 milkers, $25 to $35; 20 quarry-
rncn, $2 25 a day; vegetable gardener, $30.
2 blacksmiths, country shop, $40; ranch wheel-
wright. $33; 2 tank builders. $3 a day; black-
smith's helper. $2 a day; 2 machine men, $3
a day; 6 miners, $2 CO a day. •
4 men to build fences, Coast road, $2 and $2 25
a day; 4 carpenters . for railroad . company
work, $3 a day, board $4 £0 a week. Free
Tare.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...... .104 GEARY ST
200 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
S .......New railroad. ......For State of Nevada
Ship dally Fee $1 ..Free Fare
200 men for coast road ..$2 a day
Bhip dally Fee $1 .......Free Fare
200 laborers S. P. Co. work S2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free Fare
SO men, railroad work, Shasta Co..$l 75 a day
Ship to-day .....Fee $1.. ...Free Fare
25 4-horse teamsters, L. A. div $2 25 a day
Ship to-day Fee $1. ....... ..Free Fare
Track gang Moorpark ....... $2 a day up
Ship to-day. Fee $1.. Free Fare
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest mod*!;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
A FINE suit. MO: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $3 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st. near Pine.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beat*.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced pric*,
*75; concert records. $1 SO. Bactsalupi. 323 Mkt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... I.Vp'hONB GRANT 183
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
10 waitresses * for Capltola Beach and Santa
Cruz Co. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
4 WAITRESSES, -.springs. $20; waitress, Blue
Lakes, $25, fare paid; waitress, Vichy Springs,
fare paid;. waitress," Gllroy Springs, fare paid;
¦ r 10 waitresses, - different resorts, . $20; 4 wait-
resses, city, $20; 5 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $25 and found; 10 waitresses, $20; 2 cham-
' bermalds,' resorts, $20; 2 chambermaids. ' com-
mercial hotels, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; woman cook, hotel near
city, steady place, $40; woman- cook, small
restaurant. $30 to $35, fare paid. \
• •• ...FAMILY DEPARTMENT ......*..:,
Nurseglrl for 4 children, ages 6, 8, 9, 10; must
do mending, sewing on buttons, etc.; $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework; good
plain cooking; American family; small wash;
C. R; HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ALL girls seeking positions, city or country,
for housework or cooklns apply C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Waitress, nice country hotel $25;
cook, Jewish family, $30: 6 ironers, for hotels
: and laundries, $30 and $35; 2 restaurant wait-
resses. $7 week; 6 Protestant and neat Irish
second girls, city and ; country, $20 and $25 ;
dishwasher, country hotel, ¦ $20; and a large
number of girls, for .general housework In
very nice American families, city and coun-
try, ' $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT.
316 Sutter st. ..
WANTED— A woman who speaks French or
Italian for housekeeping ; wages $20 month.
Call at 409 Dupont st.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant. 1191
Market st.; apply at once.
WANTED^-A waitress. 448 Third »t
GIRL wanted for housework. 969 Mission st. ;
• call after 9 a." m. -¦ . ¦ - , ¦-'
YOUNG girl for light housework and plain
. cooking. 787 Stevenson St., off Ninth.
NEAT, respectable ' nursegirl : German speak-
. ing preferred;. 2 children. 700 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED frnlt canners wanted Immedi-
ately. Apply U. 8. FRUIT PACKING CO.,
Harrison ave., off. Folsom et., bet. Seventh
and Eighth.'
WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
. fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth' sts., oft Folsom.
GIRLS wanted, to rivet overalls at LEV1
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. ________
WANTED— A refined and educated woman of
good appearance; must be past 25 and com-
petent. Box 643. Call offlce.
DRIED fruit facers; long Job; piece work.
Apply at Terminal Warehouse. 632 Townsend
St., Immediately for registration.
APPRENTICES and operators* on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove stm. - *
IRONERS and operators. National Laundry,
411 Sanchez st. •
WANTED— Competent Infant's nurse; refer-
: •jsnees required. Call after 12, 914 Page st.
WANTED— Bright, energetic lady to travel. for
. wholesale house. S. S., box 642, Call offlce.
WAITRESS wanted for Sundays at Children's
Play Ground. Park.
YOUNG grlrl ; general housework and plain
cooking. 611 Cole St., opposite Chutes.
CUTTER— Ladles' and infants' wear; state ex-
perlence: references., B. BROS, box 622. Call.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts and overalls;
Inexperienced taught. 410% Mission st.
WANTED-Waitress. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sut-
ter St.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
HELP WANTED MALE.
wanted ".^\\7.7^////.^rr.!n!.T.7.V.'.!.!.".". r .".V.!i
3 laborers around furnace for Mining Co. $2 a
day
6 laboring men around mine, $40 and found....
waiter, country : hotel, Truckee, $30, fare ad-
vanced ; j...
2 milkers, country, $30 and $32 50; mllkeri
city, $30
teamster for milk wagon, city, $30
: 3 miners, $3 a dayand free fare"."!!*.!)i'.I!!™
choreman and drive delivery wagon, $25 and
' found ¦.......:¦..:....'.....
woodchopper, near City, $2 60* cord....""!!!"*"!"
10 farmers, different ranches, $26. $30 and $4o!!
20 laborers for brick yards and mines". "$30
and $35 \
.-¦¦ ¦ W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
6HP. gasoline marine entrlna complete: almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51«-51S-i20 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— A quantity of brick, half brie*.
granite, sandstone and marble. Cor. Second
and Bryant nr 1121 Vermont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
TWO Edison B. P. 15 K. W. generators, with
instruments; would exchange for H. S. en-
gine. Address M. & R.. P. O. box 36. Port
Costa. Cal.
BARS, back bars., mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second Sand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on. hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
LOST AXD FOD.ND.
WILL the party who picked up oft the bench
at Land's End station June 21, at 5 o'clock, a
camera in case and a black silk umbrella,
tortoise shell handle, tipped with silver. Ini-
tials G. E. R. raised upon It. return to MRS.
LUKE ROBINSON, 2626 Steiner st.? Reward
will be paid and no questions asked.
STOLEN— June 20. small black horso (pacer):
open buggy, black body; red running gear;
open bridle: tail strap. Any Information ad-
dress SULLIVAN & DOYLE, 327 Steth st.
I HAVE lost a bundle of fashion papers on the
narrow gauge train, on the morning of June
21. 'Win finder kindly return same to 462Vi
Thirteenth St.. Oakland? /*
FELL. 281, between Gough and Franklin —
House. 9 rooms, bath; yard; rent $20.
A— PRINTED list- houses "t» let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montnom-ry.
HOUSES TO LET.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
- ¦-- . -...,.- , , i - -
WANTED— Recruits ' for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, ua-
. married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 85. years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
• eons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation ,apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 tills St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
£30 K St.. Sacramento. Cal. •
MEN wanted to. learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free, MOLER'S . BARBER COLLEGE eio
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— The finest 6-chalr outfit on the
_, coast; to be sold at great sacrifice as a whole
or In parts. STOLTZ. 630 Market St.
WANTED-2 and 4 horse teamsters; apply
early Monday at 527 14th st.. near Guerrero.
Ban Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
EOc. 6C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. •
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order.' $1 per week, at
cash prices, tf. Y. Tailoring Co..^13 Kearny.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
. years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus »and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t
HORSES, LIVES STOCK, Etc— For Sale
«0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
KLA 1 *** 8t -: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses, for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTTTS. 2170 Market ItT: Castro-
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale-Fine bay horse, buggy and harness;
the whole outfit In good order. 907 Golden
Gate ave.
HORSE 6 years old, fine style, to sell or trade
for heavier horse. 1121 Vermont st.
HORSES— Young, well broken, fgr all purposes.
cheap; best m city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
r 2? S* 1 *— a «tra line carrlajji* teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. <05 GoHen Gate »v«.
3IONKY TO LOAX.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and., on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amottnt;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc R. 603 Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. BOlves air kinds of.
financial problems; 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 3H Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK, m McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL J.NSTKUMEXT9.
YOU save $100 by buying one of the fine largw
walnut upright pianos offered by us for $173
until July 1: stool and cover Included. MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
DURING the next few days, while trade »
supposed to be quiet, we shall mark down tha
prices of all pianos; save- money by purchas-
ing a piano now. MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st. .
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock ot
rental pianos; these, together with *. number
of samples sent us from factory, will b»
closed out regardless of profit: a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O Far-
rell st. ________
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, -from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you. should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash, $6 per
month: other piano. $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLEJR _ CHASE" 9.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organ* ana
til other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
HANDSOME richly carved upright piano; lat-
est design; standard make; three pedals:
used a few months; $160: another fine upright.
$125; and one at $100. Room 12. Flood bldg.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage: offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 171J Mrkt.
GOOD Fischer: great barjraln.^SCHMlT—, Id
McAllister St.. next Hibernia^a---
W. G. BADGER 412 Sacramento St., asent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old an<l new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
$;00— NEW piano will sell at very low price.
Address box 631. Call office.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerin*. $190; installments
$5 to $10: rent $2 up; HEINE'S. 138 Ellis st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 1C6 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments:
for rent. S2 up. BRUTTX.V. tn» Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BA _IN. -m Kenrny »t.
rAL-USTRY.
MME. JJeergaaxd. Pres. St. Cennatn College oe
Palmistry: reads 1 %o 8. 618 Geary, nr. Jone<.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. *cient!flc palmist. 515
Taylor «t.. het. Cf nry A Pnat : phone Black ¦'<!.
PASTURAGE.
200 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
trasses mixed. for horses or cattl*. For
term. afr>p!y A. B. FXTLLETC. Antioch. Cal.
PERSONALS.
SIDNEY S. BARKER— Any one knowlnar tha
whereabouts of SIDNEY S. BARKER kindly
communicate same to Messrs. BISHOP &
WHEELER, San Francisco, Cal.
ON and after this date I forbid all persona
trusting; any one on my account, as I shall
pay no bills «nh<>r than those of my own con-
tracting. THOMAS CHAFFEI^
TED— Letter received: personal noted; await
further news. XED.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $1; at all drug?t3t9.
AHLBORN House. 313 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of Pan Francisco;
$1 per day up; finest meals in city. 25c
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
SCO Market st.. second floor, room XI.
t\ SO MISSES' kid shoes tor 50c a pair at TEC
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 1X7 Market, nr. Third.
IF you go to LEDERER'S
You are sure of havlnc
Your hair dressed correctly.
The very latest hair styles. 25c.
Lederer's Qulntonira Hair Tonic, 35c.
Lederer"* Foamo Shampoo only 5c package.
Lederer's Hair Store. 123 Stockton st.
ACADEMY for the new science of healing
without operations; before you undergo aa
operation give us a call; consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post st.
ELECTRIC /lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms;
25c to $1 £0»per night; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE Llllle Webb's soap, made from olive oils,
roots and herbs: 10c at drugslsts: agents
wanted. 14 Grant ave.. Robertson & Co.. 2 to 4.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
raesMc remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh' and Eighth.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by usinjr Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggtats.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. £05 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photoKrapher. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oil clothin* bought an-l
sold. Silvern-an. 984 Folsom. tel. Folnim 1*31.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photrt supdUp*. Backus
studio. 11 Gf>ary St.. *rr>unr1 and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AXD SL'HGEOAS.
DH c. C. O" DONNELl— -Office and residence,
lojixt Market n.. bet.. Blirth »ni Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY— yOU SALE.
$CCCO— MODERN 9-room hou»» in choice location
on Waller st.. near I'lerc". 1 block from
Haisht-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, har.l-rtn-
ish?d bayecient. etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance $-V) monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
IF you have lots north of the Park in small
or larce subdivisions, anil you want to sell
quickly tten call on the undersigned. \v.
j. GUNX. 530 California st.
MODERN houses and fiats built at lowest
nrlces-. plans and estimate* rurntshed for all
building work. CAMPBELL lit? Mission st.
CHEAPEST, good lot on Pacific Heights; s°a
quick. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 6*8 Market St.
BUSINESS property— Big sacrifice on Howard
strtvt. near 4th. Bew Drug Co.. Alameda.
REAL ESTATE COUXTRY — For Sale
TO let or for sale — A small ranch In Redwood
City foothills. Apply at 401 Carolina st.
FOR SALE— Good-paying investment: country
hotel: rented at 130. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
. ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 330—2 small sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. In rear: rent $9.
EDDT. 917— Very desirable furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
FRANKLIN. 516— Sunny connecting rooms; gaa
and bath: suitable for housekeeping. »
EIGHTH. 34B— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen furnished for housekpg. ; bath. prtv.
FOLSOM. 776H — 2 neatly furnished connecting
' housekeeping rooms; also 1 single room.
GEARY. 91?— Housekeeping suite; sun all day;
. also tourists accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 334— Lovely parlor floor.
housekeeping, family adults: piano; gaa; bath.
HOWARD. 1C61— 2 completely furnished rooms;
running water: al.-»o others for housekeeping.
JEFSIE. 474— Front and back sunny rooma for
housekeeping: also single ' rooms.
LARKIN. *H\i— Two unfurnished rooma fcr
housekeeping. v
LARKIN. S0+— Large sunny tront furnished,
$$ SO; also 2 light housekeeping room*. $U.
MARKET. 133S. near Elghth.^2 s^nny front
connecting rooms; water; ran&e; $12 50' also
"rooms $4 to $15.
N ATOM A. 645— S or 3 sunny .rooms furnished
or unfurnished; housekeeping*, low Tent.
SILVER. 165. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping.
THIRD. 233— Sunny front room; suitable for
housekeeping; very rea.*onabte.
VAN NESS ave.. lu*2l-Sunny suite with kltch-
rn; gun range; bath; $23.
A BRANCH offic« for Coll advertisement* and
£NtaKrtptlona h*» been e«atlU-ed •» MN V_-
KELP WAKTED-MALE.
AT MURRAY & READTS....WE SHIP FREE
& READY WE SHIP FREE
MURRAY & READY. .WE SHIP FREE
..........r. ;.LOOK HERE ...........
TO SALT LAKE CITY... ...FREE. .A. .UTAH
65 men for Salt Lake. City, free fare, call
early....... We pass you tree
1 TO LOS ANGELES AND SANTA BARBARA
65 teamsters and laborers/ship free,. by Oak-
land ferry 9 a. m. and 5:30 .p. m. (Owl train)
..........TO NEVADA STATE LINE.........
35 men. you'll sult................We-ship free
...Via Third and Townsend. Coast division...
150 laborers and teamsters.... We ehlD free
......:..TO FOLLOWING DIVISIONS
Dunsmulr, Shasta, Truckee, Madera, Fresno,
Newman, "Western and Northern division ....
...........: ..We ship you free
NOTICE ALSO NOTICE
To every railroad on the Pacific Coast— b. P.
K. R.. Santa Fe and Narrow Gauge........ • •
We ship you.. Free
Wages $2 50, $2 25, $2 and ?! 75 day •-•••
' WE SHIP FREE.... FEE $1
MURRAY & READY •>£££ !1
WE SHIP FREE..... FEE $1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MURRAY &' READY Phone Main 6843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
............WANT 7 A. M. TOiDAY.... ••
600 men for railroad work, recbnstructlon ana
new work on following divisions:- Dunsmulr,
Shasta. Truckee. of Nevada, Salt Lake.
Sacramento. Western/and all Coast divisions
of California. Santa Barbara. Los Angeles.
We ship you on all above divisions free fare
and of nee fee $1. no other expenses.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC...
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
C63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages, from- $26 to $40 per
month and found ••• •
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, . screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. $75, $80. $120. $60.
$50. $40, $30 and found: 634 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 60. 12, $150, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found....
B0 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
130; $33. $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Heade!- waaron drivers, $2 a day and found;
ZS2 men to rtm mowers, rakes, pitch and work
In fields, header men, etc.. $1 25. $1 60, $2 day
and found; come and see.....
....STABLES. VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS....
GARDENS '
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found ". jjj
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30, $20
and found; 5 gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30, $25, $20 and found; bug-
gy washer, $50; come and see
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES.......
39 milkers for different places, $35, $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 6 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs, $35 and $40 and found
..MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
BERRY PICKERS
60 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piece work, can make good wages
......Also 150 Berry Pickers
...• SPECIAL
stableman, private place. $25 and found; milk
wagon driver, $35 and room
4 machine miners «. $90
MECHANICAL HELP..T..
Carpenter, sawmill company, $40 and found,
fare paid; ranch carpenter; cooper, $3 day;
cooper to make butter kegs; IS black-
smiths and horsesboere, $2 60, $C0, $70, $45 and
$30 and found :
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free fare Office fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages
60 laborers, 8. P. R^R. «$2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE. .MINES. .BIO WAGES..
35 laborers for mines, no experience required:
you'll suit, $40 to $4S per month and found; 29
miners, single hand ."....$90 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines...
' For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 60. $34 and
found ; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found......'
Read these carefully
865 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. .$3.
S2 60. $2, $% 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
. home
For other positions., come down and read
billboards.
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 60. $60
and found
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillers
Rockmen ....Hammersmcn, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-LAUNDRT....CANDYMAKER3 COOKS
Candymaker, country ;....... $40
Laundry man. Institution $35 and found
Chef cook, mine boarding house
$50 to $60 and found
camp waiters ..$25 and $20
second baker $40 and found
IS cooks, $35, $40, $45 and $C0 and found:
Witchers, $35 and $30; cooks for ranches and
hay press, $30 and found; first and second
bakers, J50 and $35, fare paid ; bakers and
helpers, $30 and $40 and found; boy for bak-
ery. $20 and found; cook and wife, $50 and
found; waiters, bakery, cafe, hotels and re-
sorts, $30, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company, $30 and found.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH . ORDERS
Man and wife, both for dining room, fare
30c... $40 and found
Porter for grocery store $30 and found
Cook and wife or 2 men for a lumber com-
peny. see boss here 9 coopers, slack work
3 pantrymen 3 men for private families
18 l.iundrymen and a boy to learn same trade
Cooks for mines..... &!0 and $60
Carriage woodworker, $2 50 day; 3 brick mold-
ers; road teamsters. $32 50 and found; sheep-
FACTORIES" IN"s'an" FRANCISCO " .".'."
12 laborers for different city factories, $1 75
day
Exceptional rood Jobs; you board home
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 2 teamsters,
Fourteenth ave. and N St., South, take Ken-
tucky st. cars.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday
629 Union st., near Powell.
BARBER wanted at 29H Turk St.; steady;
wages. .
BAK FRAXCISCO CALL.
EUETNESS OFFICE of Th« Baa Franelieo
Call, corner ct Market and Third streets, cpen
erti! II o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
ocmer Clay; ©pen until 9:19 p. m.
r"o Hayes etreet: open until 9:19 p. ra.
c:5 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
ris l.erkin etreet; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
::4I Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
::ci Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
t!l P p. ta.
. lOC Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p.m.
JOT 6 Valencia, etreet; open until * p. ra.
TCcrtbwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 3 p. m.
MEKTIXG NOTICES.
TERI3A BLTN'A Lodre of Perfection No. *W*
1-Me<*t!ng THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING A
et i o'clock. Vt 9. «/£»-
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. <gg>
APOLLO Lodge. No. 123. I. O. O. _jf*«SO
F.— Th« rte^ri'e t*>a_~n (11. I>.
Favllle, captain) will confer the
I'.rst (Ist) degree In Memorial //»¦*-
IlalL Odd Fellows' building. THIS (FRI-
DAT) NIGHT. June n. snst. A full attend-
ance of members Is requested; visiting breth-
ren cordially Invited.
W. A. LIMBAUGH. N. G.
W. F. XORCROSS. Secretary.
ATTORSEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without success; collections. G. W.
J JOVE. otty. at law. tZO Market, cor. Stockton.
IL W. KING. 827 Market st.. room 627; ail
cases: no advance charges: call or write.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
IV. DAVIDSON. 9ZJ Market St.. opp. Mason-
ic B. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: corrultatlcn free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES-FRED TVARD & SON.
Arents. 4t Fremont at.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON $S. 4-ponel folding; door opens; firm
and cafe. W. S. CEOWN, gen, art.. 426 Bills.
BELGIAN' HARES.
FRAUD".!
There has been ro much deception practiced
!ti Belgian Hares that the majority of persons
«r* unable to determlni; where they can get
lair and honest treatment.
Wriy not patronize the CALIFORNIA BEL-
GIAN HAKE ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best l!i» of animals in the State and are
thoroughly responsible for auy representations
chry may make. Address
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manager. Alameda. CaL
FOR rale— Very fine stock of high-score, pedi-
greed Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. bush.
lOOt'* Sutter tt.. San Francisco. -¦
7REMOXT n?lglan Hare Co.. 2134 FUlmore et..
Ean Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
book en care and feeding.
A FETv 1 left— Heavyweight pedigree bred does;
ir.ust be sold to-day. i.'.S Tehama at., oS Third.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick bares;
lorltive enuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. KIS Turk.
C-OLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 609 Gold-
en Gate eve.. S. P.: COO rabbits for sale cheap.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
K'KOOL BOOKS boujrht and exchanged.
Ho!r« Hook Co.. 70< Mlwrton Ft., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— JMOO; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
best location: clcse to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— J100O; GROCERT and bar on San Bruno
read: living rooms: cheap rent: splendid open-
Ing for an active young man; widow unable
to run the business cause of sale. Call R, Q.
MILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
Ik fTfflt CORNER; wine and liquor store; only
one block from Market; rent ?50; hor*e,
wapon and a large stock; eplendld pajnng
buFlness; disagreement of partners cause of
rale. See R. G. WILKK. 2C'4 Kearny St.
A— &«»: RESTAURANT on Geary St.; close to
Chronicle building; rent cheap; owner em-
ployed in National Pank; must sell at once.
Call R. G. IYILKE, 26'j Kearny et.
A—s3ooo:A — $3000: DRI'G store on Montgomery st.; rent
T4O; estab. years; knowledpe of business not
necef«ary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— t-WK>: SEST paying corner grocerj' and bar
on Hayes «t. : no rent to pay; a splendid
chance, gee R. G. AVILKE. 26\fc Kearny st.
AN Interest In transfer and express company,
§ doing a business of $18,000 per year. In this
oily and acrcw s the bay: owner needs active
pystrtant. Call R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny.
A— JI2T-0; SALOON elegantly fitted up; e^tab.
year? and doing a pood paying business; place
iocat^d-close to Palace Hotel; rent $30; lease;
larre etook. l>est quality; a rare offer. Call
R O. WILKE. 2S>4 Kearny St.
A— J^-'O; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton «.; plkce estab. many years and do-
¦ Ing rushinp. good-paying business; no better
offer In market. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A-J3OOO $3000 $3000
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must have rartner: too much business for
proprietor to handle alone; be«t possible lo-
cation across th» bay; near railroad depot:
&11 flirt -class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a month and
over: books own for inspection; Investigation
solicited. 9
STENBERG CO., 835 Market st.
a-jt:» J"o $tm
THIS IS A BARGAIN'
Corner liquor store and saloon north, near
Market «.; haniifoiw place, dolne fine busi-
ness; well situated for 2 young men or a fam-
ily to conduct; carrying large st<jck of wines,
liquors, etc.; If you desire this Kind of busi-
ness don't delay Investigation: selling on ac-
count of sickness. STENBERG CO., 935 MkL
t'IO— SALOON; north cf Market st ; half price;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGULIX
& CO.. 77:\i Market et.
$ioe&— PARTNER wanted: hay and grain busi-
ness, real estate Included: part cash If de-
eired. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market rt.
Ji:/<t— MILK route, near the city; established
business; sickness cause of sale. 'McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 7T7IJ Market »t-
Jl5OC— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of staple goods; will be required to take the
California agency for tame. See McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. T77V4 Market St.
$4W— RESTAURANT: bargain on account of
departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Mrkt.
PLUMBING, cas fitting and tin roofing shop
for eale cheap; owner going: to Cape Nome;
price only jiso. Apply to 6LIXKET & PAGE.
87J Market st. ;
A— s3oo; SALOON and restaurant; 1 block from
Market st.: 4 rooms; good trade. Pacfilc Ex-
chance. 1016 Market et.
500f>— OTSTEU and chop house; ladles' rooms -J.
<!a!ly receipts tTO to $25. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED— Lady with $300 to invest in a leeitl-
mate business: eood opportunity for lntelll-
fjent party. Box CC2, Call office.
$2£,O— LADT partner In established, pleasant
bugincsg paying $50. STEVENS, «23 Geary st.
PARTNER— -JISO; photo gallery; Jady Dre 7
ferred. Box C5B, Call office.
fICO-REPTAUUANT: worth $400; must sell.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale — A strictly pood truslnera; restaurant-,
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lddging-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
flel<l. CaL
ESTABLISHED ,IB yeans; $I*oo cash will buy a
clean stock of jewelry. French plate fixtures
and lanre safe tn town of 3000; county seat-
Ban Joaquln Valley; reason, retiring from
business. For particulars apply at NORD-
MAN IiROS., 134 Sutter St.. 8. F.
GIVING away my Kearny-st. business; clears
$12 dally profits; must go this week; owner
mart get out; nothing like It for price; $550
f 411 Kc-arny et.
FOR £ALE— Half Interest In first-class plumb",
ing /-hop and store in good location within.
CO miles of San Francisco. Address box €23
Call office. " "
£50— FRUIT stand; cheap rent; good location;
horse and buggy: daily receipts $12 t. $15;
owner going Noms; make offer. 7» Third st.
CORNER grocery and bar; well Etocked; 4 large
living rooms; rent $25. Apply Railroad Brew-
ery. <27 Valencia st-
FOR sale — State right of Dr. Springsteen's dis-
coveries; originator of Vlavl remedies. 2421
FUlmcre st. -¦
COOI> grocery and bar; desirable location; no
£genti>; sickness, cause. Address bos 645, Call.
PARTNER wanted for first-class re«t*urant;'
some capital required. Address box fc£S. Call.
6>. LOON- for Ea!e; One business; rent cheap.
Inqulra Call office.
FOR SALE— Good paying route on this paper.
Apply at office.
I->ON"T miss the - tripods . and lamps , at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
FIRST-CLASS shoe chop; gxid prices; good
work; small stock shoes. 532 Bush st.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A. CO.. 412 Sacramento st. -
:300— SALOON and lunch house. 4 rooms, suit-
able for mar. and wife; clckness cause; low
rect. US Mlcglon st. • ~
FOR.«ale or exchange for ; Jewelry., stock of
fancy goods. Bex 15L GUrojr. C*L
BUSIXESS CHANCES— COJTTIXUED. ,
TO mnt— For coal yard, milk depot, etc: fine
location; place is entirely covered and con-
tains » stalls: rent only $15: water free. la.
. quire WM. HENDR1CKSON _ CO., 814 Call
building. .- •-¦-•'
WELL-ESTABLISHED Republican weekly
paper, with small Job plant; good outfit;
cheap. Adflress box 611. Call office.
FOR sale— Good-paying bakery route, horse and
wagon. 'Apply 717 Sixtieth st.. between Grove
st. and Ehattuck ave.. Oakland.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms:
account cf sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools. Including
florift. 1724 Central ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXG-UOUSKS FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market over the
Wonder Millinery; telephone Mint 1591.
16 rooms $600,20 rooms $600
24 rooms 700 15 rooms 47»
22 rooms. Oakland. 1200' 19 rooms 700
FURNISHED house of eleven rooms, good as
new; cheap; party going away before July
1; nine rooms rented to permanent roomers;
rent reasonable; good bargain. 4UA Turk st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGO.\S. „
ALL kinds of wagons, bupgies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. .EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon,' single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
neeg. work & driving h»rses. 15th & Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAU-DING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 853-357 Tehama st; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
842-844 McAllister st. : phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Keno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVEN'S, mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clearing Co.,
4E3 Stevenson st. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
ATTEND MME. MARQUISE'S test circle to-
night at 6 Hyde st. at 8 o'clock; 10c; mes-
sages from spirit friends.
MRS. MARY EVANS— Circle to-day, 2 and S
p. m., 10c; readings daily 50c and $1. 142 6th.
C. MAYO-STEERS, trance medium. 112% Oak
st; readings $1; time limited; tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; best advice. {23
Mlssiqn St.. near 4th. nn. 3; fee up; ring bell.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night 10c; sittings daily.
MRS. KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings: O.
$L L. COc; cir. Mo., Tu.. Wed.. Fri., 10c. 34 6th.
WTLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis et.. 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sundays included.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis — Sittings dally this
week only; seance Sunday, 24th.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily: dr.
Tue«.. Frl.. 2,1p.m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
"GO to Watson"; spiritual medium and palm-
ist: lucky and truest. 1SS1 Market, nr. 12th; 25c.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
¦ medium, life reader: fitting. 81. 1104 Market.
" CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; ghe
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore, lost affec-
tions: unite the eeparated: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
St., near Jones. '
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; opea
Sundays. 1167 Market st f bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases Trlth life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm. & clalr.; sit $1 50.' 126 Turk st.
MME. Z.EREDA of 5 Seventh st, original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st. _^_v_
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 8 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to gra\-e; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lefs successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BROAD'S place, J, off. Bush, bet Hyde and
Larkin — Cottage of 5 rooms; large cellar;
rent. |15.
|20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large bapement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
S SUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to small
family. 1270 Folpnm St.. near Xlnth.
FURNISHED COTTAGE.
STANYAN. 1407— Furnished cottage. 5 rooms
and bath: very sunny; $20. Call Sunday.
„ DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S03 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm.-7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, K a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 3 to 2
p. in. Q. W. WILLIAMSON'. M. P.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made ove/ like new; teeth
from $S per Bet; extracting. 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. on"
vacation from June 13 until July L
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk gt. _^^^^^^^^
DOG IIOSFITALST
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, cllky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. EUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits U 50; all
animals treated: do«rs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing: and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post
MRS.-M. PHILLIPS haa moved from 1306 Fol-
som st to 242 Twelfth.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter st, dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
fa F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st: dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds plent-
lnp. pinking. 121 Posfover O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market tt.
AIRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship, $50; includes short 1
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. S05 Larkin et;
the coming school: thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DERNAILLEN SCHOOL, S23 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best eyEtem.V M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
6. F.; founded 1SC3; £0-paee catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 36 Gear)', r. 34.
OALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.: cat'log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: rtay or eve.: J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
UMI'LOYMHVr OKFiCES. "•
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135. -
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best heip
torn.; domestic serv. 417'Powell; tel.' Clay 86.
ORPHEUil Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.'
JAPANESE and Chinese t Employment S Office;
be«t help fnrn.; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment ' Office—
Best helo. 4Uli cFrarreU it; teL East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WELL, educated young French lady wants situ-
' atlon as lady's maid or governess; -no objec-
tion to upstairs work; -best references. Box
¦' 648. Call office. . :¦-. ¦-
COMPETENT cook wishes general housework;
references. Please call .room 19, ' Ahlborn
House, Grant ave. ; phone .Grant 136.
LAUNDRESS with first-class city references
wishes laundry and upstairs work. Room 19,
323 Grant ave. ; phone Grant 136. -¦¦ - ¦. -
WANTED— A place as cook or housekeeper by
a thorough English, cook: . good wages re-
quired; country preferred. Box 653. Call office.
GIRL wishes a place to do light housework In
a small family In country. 425 Golden Gate
ave. \ .' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '¦'''•¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ -• •
SITUATION wanted by young German girl 15
years to assist in light housework. /Box 2663,
Call office. • : - •-.
FIRST-CLASS cook and laundress wishes sit-
uation in private family; French and German
, cooking; city or country. 721 Buah st. •
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist In light
housework. 168 Silver st.. bet. 3d & 4th; call.
"WANTED— Dressmaking: '6y the day or at
home; repair work neatly done. 607,. Turk st.
AN unusually neat housewife wishes place as
useful companion, working housekeeper or
¦would c«re for invalid: no objection to any-
thing reasonable: terms moderate. Address
with particulars MRS. C, South San Fran-
cisco. Sen Mateo . County, Cal. - . '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day in private family; work guaranteed. Box
639. Call office. , . ,
NEAT colored girl would like position as nurse
or maid; will go to country; reference. , Call
or address 917 Powell st.
WANTED— 100 ehlrt waists made to order; 60c
up; suits made In the latest styles. DR.
WILSON. 3 Co-operative Home. 4, Vernon pi.
2 RESPECTABLE women would like positions
as housekeeper and one to sew. Apply 603
Blxth «t. . '. • ¦ .• " : '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26o to $1 60 night: 11 60 to U
week:. convenient and respectable; fre» ma
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st. „
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office^ 2200 Fi\lmore st.
EMPLOYMENT XV ANTED— MALE}.
NOTICE to orchardlsts — You can secure help
for fruit picking by sen ding orders- to J. F.
CROSETT. 628 Sacramento st.-
SITUATION as working . foreman' on ' fruit
ranch; understands care of orchard and dry-
Ing and pa<5king fruit; can do blacksmith ing
and horseshoeing; references. Address box
2789. Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
"in private family; thorough experience:
strictly sober; uses no tobacco: not afraid of
wont; undeniable references. R.. 869 Mission.
HANDY man. elderly, wants work: under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden ' and
chickens; handy with tools; references. Box
655. Call office. . ¦
YOUNG man desires position with private fam- ,
ily; can care for garden, horses, cows, etc.;
good references. Box 656, Call office.
RESPECTABLE boy, 15 years of ace, living
with parents, wishes to learn a good trade.
1T29H Mission st. ¦. . .
WANT Job to take care of property; town or
country; reference and security If desired.
Box 637. Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position; has
good references. Box 641, Call office.
YOUNG married man, Danish, wishes position;
suburbs of city preferred; horses, cows, gar*
den and general work; understands that work
•thoroughly; rood references. J. N., 171»
Stockton st.
CARPENTER wants groceries from a whole-
sale firm to retail at his store in exchange
for his labor; good all-round man. Apply J.
P. SMITH, 27 Mason st.
Al ENGINEER desires employment; can do all
kind of repairing on engines, pumps, boilers,
etc.: city or country. Address G. BUSCH,
743 Mlnna^ st. - ¦ ¦
COACHMAN and general work; experienced tn
care of horses, carriages garden, etc. ; refer-
ences. Address A. R.. 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland. . . ¦--.-¦. '
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400. Call. ¦
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; steady, eober and reliable; can
milk; best references. Box 2925, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes situation In
private family; good washer and lroner.
HOM GOUIE, 715 Dupont st.
YOUNG man of IS wishes employment; to learn
trade preferred. Box 625. Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted by young man In book-
store; 6 years' experience in new and old
books. Address box 617. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
\ EXCHANGE.
AN old-established blacksmithing and horse-
shoeing business, on account of death of
owner, for sale for cash or will exchange for
real estate and pay difference. 22 Cortland av.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ,
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
10714 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mail, 60c; see City Di-
— rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasae. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A — SW. corner Butter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 8-ROOM fiat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows-
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 41714 Thlrd.X
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. 967. 973, 975 Golden Gate ave.
CORNER bay-window flat,' 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 5 rooms, basement, yard. 1376 Flf-
¦ teentn St., near Dolores.
COZY, inexpensive flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
1044 and 10."0 Sacramento St., below Mason:
FELL, f.24 — Flat of 3 rooms; bath. gas. hot and
cold water; $13.
FLAT of & largo sunny rooms and bath; yard;
basement. 728 Fourteenth st.
JF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery .
NEW modern sunny flats; bath,- yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931-1935 O'Farrell.
EUNNY upper flat; S rooms;' bath: all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
UPPER sunny flat, G rooms; rent $12. 437 Ivy
ave.; key 478 Hayes 6t.' . . ¦ . .
6 ROOMS and bath: clean; rent $22. 9S1 Harrl-
son St.. near Sixth.
FLATS TO \UT — FUIlSdSHED.
FURNISHED flat. 6 rooms, bath, piano; Golden
Gate ave. ; $30. Box 2788, Call office.
FtlUilTLHU FUU Ji.VLK.
FOR SALE — Nice oak furniture for 7 rooms;
$225; rent $18 .per month; 4 steady roomers
bringing in f 21 a month; all conveniences.
Call 1416B Howard st. . . •
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S SO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.,
CONTENTS of six-room flat; nearly new. Call
between 10 and 2. 731 Hyde'st.
FUtt.MTUn£ AVAMKD.
ALFRED^ WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays
highest^price for your second-hand furniture.-
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel.- Red S353.
, HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
A WAITRESS,- Napa,: $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait one meal. Mill Valley. < $20 each ; first-
class waitress, resort,' $25, fare paid; waitress,
St. Helena. $20; chambermaid and waitress,
small hotel, Sonoma, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st. .,.-,. « . . . ;
GERMAN cook, Institution across the bay,: $30;
also German chambermaid and- waitress/
same place, $20. MISS. CULLEN,: 325 Suiter.
A— FIRST-CLASS lnjners,; city, : $1 60 ' per .' day.
MISS jCULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BRIGHT young > ladles "" for - our. book . depart-
ment, $1 CO per day or more, "¦ according to
ability. Call bet. 9 and 1, 147. Phelan bldg.
WANTED— A girl to work on ' coats. - C35 ' Cali-
fornia St.. room .7. ¦¦'--: ;
CAPABLE • Protestant ; girl • for general house-
work; ' small i American '- family;, good ; home;
steady , place ; $18. 222 Dolores st. . . near 16th.
WANTED— Girl or : woman • for; general - house-
work. . Call at 1016 Market st : upstairs. .. ¦
OPERATORS, button- hole makers. "i finishers &
apprentices: wages learning. 609, Kearny. R/ 1.
LADY barber 'on commission.' 428S Mission
! street." - ¦- --. ¦¦-.,./ . .v.. v . ¦-.---:
COMPETENT girl y wanted; bookblndery. MY-
SELL-ROLLJNS CO.. 22 Clay St. : . V .
NURSEGIRL; eat and sleep at home. - Call at
lies Bush st. B_8__HB_S_9R_iLATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
* Thursday. June 21.
Echr Impossible, Low, 6 hours from Point
Rp)eSf OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 21— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from Hamburg and Plymouth.
BOSTON— Arrived June 21— Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown. '
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 21. 7 p m— Stmr
Columbia, from Xew Tork. via Plymouth, for
Hamburg.
BREMEN— Arrived June 21— Stmr Lahn, from
New York, via Cherbourg and. Southampton.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 21. at 9 a m—
Stmr Pottsdam. for Xew York, via Boulogne.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE
W C Read, Presidio
O G Sage. Sacto .
H C McPike. Oakland
M Frledlander. Chlcag
H E Baker. Omaha
H A Blodget & w, Cal
Mrs O F Lake. Colo
Miss Lake, Colo
D E> Ollphant. Oregon
H Hahn, Oregon
M Rowan & WT Aus
W Haines & w, S Dieg
J K, Holloway. Cinn
F L Cutler. Utah
A W Masters, Chicago
N S Stockton. Hornlts
J W Knox, Merced
M Furell. Stockton
A C Cairns, Tex
HOTEL.
J S Chapman & w. Cal
Miss Chapman. Cal
J A Dougherty, 3 Joae
X> Melons. Oak Knoll
Miss L Meiners. X T
R Maurer. Chicago
Mrs O W Cutter. Bstn
C B Harrell & w. Cal
J E Whenell. Mo
C S Kieth & w. Mo
J G Coffin. Stanford
W H Crowe & w, Cal
Dr J D Jones. Wash
A F Walker & w. N T
Miss M Walker. N T
K E Walker. N T
H Walker, N Y
B Tyler, N Y
J McClintock & w.Ariz
GRAXD HOTEL.
S A Barrett. Cal
R E Savage. Salt Lake
W Arnott. L An»
•D J Styne. 'Walla 'Wai
Mrs A Xichols, Cal
S J Fore, Cal
W H Trefry & w. Cal
Bessie Hamrick. Chgo
D H Clark. St Paul
C H Selby, L An*
J H Barker. Ukiah
G Turner & w. Cal
Mrs McKinney. N Y
Miss J L Smith. N T
C McKeehan & w. Cal
Dr TVorreli. S Clara
D McPherson. S Cruz
M Carney. El Capltan
F H Brown. Chicaro
G W 'Wilson. L Anjc
T G Patton. Placerrl
B P Tabor. Auburn
W Blackmor*. Lewistn
O F At wood. Stockton
C M Flower, Kansas
G Trorey & w. Vancvr
F Roth Ithaca
W Parker & w. I. An«
J.H Garbee. Salinas
J Huey. Portemrllle
Dr Hennessy&w. Xapa
J C Ruddock, Cklaa
A J Larson, iodi
K Barnes. Cal
C H Blemer. Sacto
H A Bell & w, Sacto
H Mallech. Cal
Mrs Talmadze. Cal
J Carey, Dawaoa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Hutchens & f, SJse
F W Ellsworth. S Cruz
S R Turner. Merced
J P Thompson. Stocktn
M N Franklin. Oswego
J McElroy, San Diego
P I Peterson, Clo\-erdle
O H Henry, L Angeles
B L Parker. L. Angeles
R B Compton. S Jose
R C Harlow. Shasta
Mrs Grenfel & d. Mdsto
R E Cadlsaa, Chicago
(contractors), plans by owner— All work for a
1-story and attic cottage on W line of Noe
street, 78 from Hill, W 55, N 38, W 50, N 14. E
105. S 50; $2200.
Edward Vogel (owner), with A. F. Hellmuth
(contractor), architect E. J. Vo*el— Brick and
carpenter work, plastering, / tinning. ftla»*.
glazing, stair work, rough hardware, marble,
mosaic flooring, electric incandescent wirin?.
iron, etc., for a 3-story attic and basement
frame building i3 flats), on NE corner of Clay
and Laurel streitp. E along Clay 57:6, thence E
25, N 100 W 25. S 100; $5270.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing, sewering, gas pip
ing, water piping, plumbing fixtures, etc.. for
Arthur M. Ebbets (owner), with Jones, Pe
terson & Rountree (contractors), architect C.
A. Meussdorffer— All work except elevators for
a 2-story brick store building on S line of Sac
ramento street. 70 W ot Drumm. W 83 by S
91:8; $11,945.
REAL ESTATE". TRANSACTIONS.
¦ Mary Cradock to ; Catherine ' Sullivan, i lot s" on
W line of Devlsadero street. 110:6% S of Geary,
S 27:0% by W 90; gift.
:•: J. H. W. F, Meyer to Daniel G. Meyer, lot
on N line of Day street. 230 E of Noe. E23 by
NU4;:gift. • ¦¦ ' -:-¦ : - ¦¦¦.-•• - ..'-.• ¦¦_¦¦
•Estate- of- Alexander. McGregor (by James
Campbell and -E. E. Ames, executors) to Lucy
Benham Acquitted.
VaNANDAIGUA, N. Y., June 21.— The
jury in the case of Howard .C. Benhamj
the banker of -Batavia,- who = on a former
trial was found guilty of murdering his
wife by poison, returned a verdict' of not
guilty to-day. : .
CAPTAIN KIRKMAN
BACK IN THE ARMY
Reappointment of the Officer Who
Was Court-Martialed and
w : v Dismissed.
Special Dispatch. to The CaJl. . . J . .
WASHINGTON. June 21.-Captain
George W. Kirkman, formerly major of
the Forty-ninth Volunteers and; captain
of the Twenty-third Regular Infantry,
who was dismissed from the army some
months ago, has been reappointed under
the . i*rovisions of a Joint resolution of
Congress, approved June 6. He has been
ordered to San Francisco for duty. Cap
,taln Kirkman while serving in the Phfl
ippineB was dismissed from the army un
der the proceedings of a court-martial,
approved by General Otis. He is now re*
Instated without losing his rank.
It is understood that immediately upon
his. 1 dismissal by General Otis, who as
commanding officer in the field in time of
war has supreme power, the friends of
Captain Kirkman brought most powerful
Influence to bear upon Congress to secure
his restoration to the army. It is said
these friends contended that while' Gen
eral Otis in time of war would nave had
full authority -¦ to dismiss Captain -Kirk
man In accordance with the finding- • of
the court-martial, as a matter of fact
there was not a state of war in the Phil
ippines but merely an insurrection, and
that the ¦ sentence r of - the court-martial
should have been submitted to < the Presi
dent for action thereon. .
It is understood. Captain Kirkman was
prepared to take the question of the le
gality ¦ of his dismissal to the Supreme
Court. " The possibility of thia course, to
gether with the high standing and. great
influence of his friends, secured his rein
statement by Congressional legislation;
Two more vessels bound to the Pacific
Coast are making uiiusually long passages
and the chances are that heavy reinsur
ance will be paid on them within the
week.
The British four-masted bark Hillston
left Honolulu for Puget Sound on April
1 in ballast and nothing has been heard- of
her since. Over 1 a year ago the British
four-masted bark Dominion started on
the same voyage and nothing positive has
been - heard from her ' since. Seafaring
men are of the opinion that the Dominion
was driven north by a southwfsterand
went to pieces on the rock-bound coast of
Vancouver Island. Insurance men think
the T:Iillston has shared the fate of tho
Dominion and are very anxious in conse
quence.
The Chilean bark Calbuco left Iquique
with a cargo of nitrates "20!) days ago tor
Puget Sound and has not been heard
from since. The four-masted schooner
Americana Is now out 111 days from the
same port for San Francisco and 35 per
cent reinsurance Is being paid on her, so
the chances for the arrival of the Calbuco
are very small.
The Deckload Becord.
The handsome new . schooner Helene,
which completed her maiden voyage a
few* days ago, holds the record for the
largest deckload of lumber ever taken to
the Hawaiian Islands. She'was built on
the Sound and from Seattle took away a
general cargo in her hold, while on deck
there was piled 640,000 feet of lumber. She
is almost as good a sailer as she Is a
carrier and Captain Christiansen expects
to make a record trip in her before the
year is out.
Captain Christiansen, who Is part owner
as well as master of the Helene, 'has been
for twenty years in the Spreckels employ
and for nearly twelve years was master
of the brig John D. Spreckels. In that
vessel he made record runs to and from
the islands on numberless occasions and
now he intends to do equally as well on
the Helene.
The Helene is 205 feet long. 40 feet 6
inches broad and 15 feet deep. She carries
1800 tons of sugar or 1,250.01)0 feet of lum
ber. She was named after Miss Helene
Irwin, daughter of W. G. Irwin of Hono
lulu.
Sheep Blocked the Way.
The entire Market street system was
blocked at the ferries yesterday by a
band of sheep. The animals came down
the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers
on the freight steamers and an attempt
was made to drive them in one band to
Butchertown. The poor brutes became
completely bewildered and made a de
termined stand around a Valencia street
car bound west and a Halght street car
bound east. Sheepherders, grlpmen, con>
ductors and all the small boys in the
neighborhood joined In the attempt to get
the animals across the track, but for
nearly an hour they ran around and
around in a ring and then reluctantly
broke away. In the meantime the Mar
ket street cars were stalled until the line
reached back to The Call building.
Brought the Piston Bx)d Ashore.
W. Beeman, lighthouse keeper at the
FaraUones, came to the city in an open
boat yesterday and will return hom»
again to-day. It took him eight hours to
sail in and he says the trip was" an en
joyable one. A piston rod of the engine
that operates the fog signal -broke and
Beeman brought it ashore for repairs.
Luckily there are two sets of engines on
the FaraUones so the warning to mariners
Is still sounded as usual.
German Ship Geier to Arrive.
' The Mayor received notice yesterday
from Governor Gage's private secretary
that the German warship Geier will leave
San Diego for San Francisco on August
7 and will arrive here on August 9, re
maining in .San Francisco until the begin
ning of October. *
• Water Front Notes.
The British ship Inverlochy that left
here about four months ago for Europe
arrived at Liverpool yesterday. She was
caught iq some very heavy weather oft
the Horn and was considerably damaged.
Captain Johnston is still in command of
the British, ship Musselcrae and will re
main her master for many moons to come.
The Musselcrag was a long time getting
here owing to being damaged off the
Horn and ha\'lng to come here . via
the Cape of Good Hope. Some busy
body started the story that Captain
Johnston was to be removed on account
of the long 1 voyage, but there is not a
¦word of truth In the story. The owners
of the vessel tell the captain to continue
to handle the ship for their best interests
and they will be perfectly satisfied.
The British, ship Port Elgin, Captain
Frank Hand, • docked at Green-street
wharf yesterday evening. The Port El
gin Is sixty days from Newcastle, N. S.
"W. This is Captain Hand's first visit to
San Francisco , since twelve years ago,
when he came on the ship Minnyhlve;
from Scotland. He reports that Frank
Armstrong, formerly the popular chief
officer of the Occidental and Oriental
Bteamship Belgic, is now chief officer of
the Medic, a mammoth steamship run
ning between Liverpool and Sydney.
Two More Vessels Have Been
Added to the List of
Overdues.
The Four-Masted Britisn Bark Hill
ston and the Wooden Chilean Ship
Calbuco Are Now Away Be-Iy. -^
hind Other Vessels.
Wilson, lot on SW line of Twelfth street, 50 SE
Of Berenice. SE 25, SW 73:2%. NW 25, NE 75:5:
$1SCO. : •
Charles F.' Joy to Elizabeth I. Joy, lot on I
corner of Market and Spear streets. NE 4a:K
by. SE 137:6 (quitclaim deed); $5.
Alexandrine Bellemere to George M. Westcott,
lot onSE line of Folsom street; 97:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 40 by SE SO; $10.
William J. and Terese Howard to Thomas L.
Henderson, lot on S line of Mary street. 40
NWof Natoma, NW 40 by SW 76:2; $10.
Giovanni and Adelaide Lagomarsino to An
tonio Devoto, lot on SW corner of Twelfth ave
nue and Lake street. W 57:6 by S 100; $10.
Ellen Gray to Susan Gray, lot on N line of
Parker street. ISO E of ColumDla place, N 1C0
by E 60, Harris map 1, Precita Valley lots 23
and 24; gift. . -
Same to same, lot on E line of Arch street,
100 N of Stanley, N 50 by E 100, block 29. City-
Land Association; gift.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society - to John
Murray, lot on E line of California avenue. 175
S of Eve street, S 25 by E 132; $150.,
Estate of Jacob Denzler (by Esther Denzler,
executrix) to Johan B. Relte lot 14, block A,
Park Hill Homestead No. 2; $750.
Estate of Esther Denzler to same, same: $10.
Amy W. Ver Mehr to L. Houser, lot on N line
of Post street. 237 E of Buchanan, E 0:6 by N
137:6. quitclaim deed: $1.
Arthur and Lizzie Logan to George F. Lyon
lot on .W line of Tremont avenue, 20S:9 N ol
Frederick street, N 25 by W 80:3; $10.
George F. Lyon to Otto Peterson, same; $10.
Joseph Hoetzel to John G. Us. lot on N llm
of Clinton Park. 267 W of Guerrero. W 25 bj
N 73; $10.
Charles G. Sloane to Susan C. Mugan, lot on
\V line of Bryant street) 100 N of Twenty-third,
N 20 by W.100; $10. -
D. J. Buckley to Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society. lot on E line of Hyde street, 6S:9 S ot
Greenwich, S 68:9 by E" 137:6; $10.
William and Lizzie Hinkel to Margaret V.
Cluff, lot on E line of Hyde street, 91:6 S of
Washington, S 23 by E 109:6; $10.
Morris Metzger to J. J. Rauer. undivided one
fifth of following: Lot on SE line of Minna
street, 123 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by SE 75; also
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 225 S of
Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Elizabeth McGrath to Pauline Xorthrup. lot
on NW line of Tehama street. 105 NE of Ninth,
NW 75. NE 3:6, SE IS, SW 2:6, SE 57. SW 1; *10.
Ferdinanda Stroh to Charles Carlson, lot on
W line of Sixth avenue. 108:8 >' of California
street, N S by W 120; $10.
John B. and Margaret C. MacPhle to Alice
B. and Grace B. MacPhie, lot on W line of
Ninth avenue; 260 S of California street, S 25
by W 120: gift. I
Albert Meyer to John Quinn. lot on S line of
H street. 32:6 W of Eighteenth avenue, W 50
by S 100: $10.
George F. Lyon to I. D. Bluxome. lot on Wi
line of Ninth avenue. 275 .N. of ' K street. N 23
by W 120; 110.
, John Foley (by William Bowers, commission
er) to George W. Grayson, lot on S line of
East Park Btreet, 429 W of Laurel. W 50 by S
100.' lots 13 and 14, block 7, Holly Park; $1000.
James I. and Jane G. O'Brien to Emma
Chambers, lot on E line of Capitol street. 130
8 of Sagamore, S 50 by E 130, lots 1 and 1.
block B. Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Henry. F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Dom
inic and Eliza Gianoia. lot on E line of Glrard'
street, 225 S of Dwight, S 50 by E 120, block 11,
Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
Francois E. Gatier to Celia Gatier (wife), lots
500, 502, 504, 50«, 508. 510, 512, 514. 516 and 618.
Gift Map 2; gift.
Alameda County.
American Surety Co. of New York to Marga
ret J. and Anna Smyth, all Interest in lot on
X line of Sycamore street. 900 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 60 by N 186. Oakland: $10. > ¦
Albert B. Walker to Frederick C. Walker, lot
12, block E, Map of North Oakland Homestead
Association, Oakland; $10.
J. F. and "Harriet Davis to Judson M. Davis,
lot on-E line of Broadway, 152 S of Walnut or
Twenty-second street, S £0, E 160, N 51:8Vi, W
146:1074. to beginning, subject to a mortgage for
$2000. Oakland; $10.
Walter N. Bush to Daniel S. Moulton. un
divided interest in following: Lot on S line of
Taylor street. 10 W of Peralta. W 28 by S 120,
being lot 8, block 633. Oakland; $10.
Edith J. Moulton to same, undivided interest
in same. Oakland: $200.
Dan H. Moulton to same, undivided interest
In same. Oakland; $200.
Ha.rry G. Moulton to same, undivided interest
in same, Oakland; $10.
Annie Foley to Myra F. Foley, lot on N line
of Temescal avenue, now Forty-eighth street.
10O W of Maple. W 33:4 by X 150, being portion
lot 40, Temescal Park, Oakland; J700.
Harry or Harry C. or H. C. Baldwin to W.
Edward Thomson, lot on E line of Franklin
street, SON" of Durant, N 30 by E 125, Oakland;
110. « ~
Percy Baldwin to same, same, Oakland; }V>.
Nellie B. and George A. Story to Marshall N.
Gerald, lot on NE line of East Sixteenth
street. 80 SE of Seventh avenue. SE 25 by NE
100. -block 84 Clinton. Bast Oakland; $10.
Piedmont Paving Co. to J. C. Ketey, lot on N
line of East Fifteenth street, "5 E of Twentieth
avenue, E 75 by N 140, being lots 4, 5 and 6,
block 25. San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
R. I. Hepburn to Joelah Gajratt. lot on NW
line of lot 1. block 8. East Oakland Helehts,
30 SE of Mathews avenue, SE to White street,
E 100. NW 85, S\V to beginning, being portion
lota 2 and 3, block S. Map of East Oakland
Heirhts. East Oakland: $50.
C. E. White. E. P. and Vivian P. Vandercook
to East Oakland Contracting and Paving Co. (a
corporation), lot on S line of Duncan street,
473 W of Spring, S 100, W 150, NE 120. E 109
to beginning.' being portion ' lot 1. Cameron
Tract, East Oakland: $10.
East Oakland Contracting and Paving Co. (a
corporation) to Sarah F. Pierce (widow), same.
East Oakland; $10.
Eugene and Marl^E. Campion to California
Wine Association (a Corporation), lots 21 and
22. block B. Fairview Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10. •':..; ¦ ' .
Mountain View Cemetrry Association to Ju
lia A. Cahill. lot 154 in plat 36. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township: $122.
Joseph P. and J%unie M. Young to Charles S.
Butters, lot on NE corner of Derby and Dana
streets, K 44:10 by E 125, being lot 13, block
M. Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Frederick F. Meacham (sinsle) to Paul L.
Sternberg. lot on SE line of Renwick avenue,
130 S\V of Orral street. SW 100 by SE 120.4.
beirg lots 21 and 22. block A, Fanny Davenport
Tract, being & subdivision of lot 6, Yoakum
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Ernesto and
Cuterena CaregKlo. lots 6 to 9, Mock 3, Mao of
Uerthier'8 Addition to Jones Tract being a
subdivision of lota 2 and IS, Peralta Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Henry Z. Jones to Susie Klrby, lots 16.' 17
and 1*. block 6, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Laura A. Pinney to Pauline Buck, lots 29 and
30, mas of subdivision block D. Revised Map
Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $400.
Alfred S. Hammersley to Eliza P. Hammers
ley, lot on N line of Orral street, MEot Ren
wick avenue, E 40 by N 120, belnT lot 7. block
C. Fanny Davenport Tract, being a subdivision
of lot 6, Yoakum TJract, Brooklyn Township;
J. L. Wetmore (trustees estate Elijah Case)
to Jacob Isaacson, lot 6, block 5, Case Tract-
J190.
1 William and Michael Heafey to same, lot 6
block 5. Case Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley;
Edward P. and Rowena Heald to F, B. Yoa
kum. lot on SW corner of Mason and Kin
streets. 8 75:3 by W 120. being lot 24. block 9
Regent Street s Homestead Association. Berke
ley; also lot on N corner of Twenty-third ave
nue and E Twenty-second street, NE 40 21 NW
113.25, SW 24.08. SE 119.36 to beginning, being
lot 15, and SW 9 feet of lot 14. block B. Heald
Twenty-third Avenue Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $500, Brooklyn Township; also lot on
NE line of E Twenty-second street, 119.36 NW
of Twenty-third avenue, NE 1C0.75, NW 29, SW
to NE line of E Twenty-second street. SE to
beginning, being portion lot 16. block B. Heald
Twenty-third Avenue Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $1000, Brooklyn Township* $10
A. L. Sobey (single) to Eliza McMeekan (sin
gle), lot on N line of Derby street, 100:48 E of
Manoa avenue, E 6» by N 50. being portion lot
13, block F" Hlllegass Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James Watklna to Robert F. and Ida M
Rodgers. lots 2. 3 and 4, block 3, Dowling Tract
subject to a mortgage for $550. Berkeley: $10 '
Home Security Building and Loan Associa
tion to Jessie M. Chown (wife of J. V.), lot on
N line of Hanover avenue, 300 W of Newton
W 100 by N 145. East Oakland; $10.
Ernest H. V. Mahar to ¦ Charles Ife Mac-
Gregory lot on N line of Marlposa avenue, 150
W of Racine street, W 60 by N 133, being the
W half of lot 2, map of Brumaglm Tract, Oak
land; $10. ¦
David Hyraan to Peter H. Anderson, lots II
and 12. block I, Linda Vista Terrace, Map t.
Oakland; also personal property; $2325.
David Hyman (administrator of estate of
Lilly May Hyman) to same, lots 11 -and 12,
block I, Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2, Oakland •
$2S25. 'irJRWJAsJg
Max Koppen to Hattie A. Tullett, lot II, block
22, map of Beaudry and Feladeau - propertv
Oakland: $10.
Isabella Christiansen (wife of C.) to Chris
tian Christiansen, lots 11 and 12. block 4. Cog
geshall Tract. Oakland Township; gift.
David 'McMullIn to J. C. Rogers, lot 1. block
F.resubdl vision o( Brumaglm Tract, lying W
of Shattuck avenue, Oakland; $10.
D. ; K. and Eliza J. Pearce to Susan H.
Wheeler, lot on W line of Adeline street. 110
S of Sixteenth. S 60 by«W 128:3. Oakland: $10.
Central Land Company to Charles P. Da vies,
lot on. S line of Thirty-sixth street. 306:3 W of
Market, W 10 by S 120:3, being the W 10 feet of
lot 12, v block -M, map of property of Central
Land Company.. Oakland ;. $10. ,
• Hattie G. Cross to Betsey Cross, lot on N line
of Eighth street, 98 E of Wood, N 89:5. E 33,
S 81:1,-W 32. to beginning, being lot 24, block
$87, Casserly Tract, Oakland: gift.
David McMullin to J. C. Rogers, lot on N line
of Kent street, 200 W ¦ of Shattuck avenue. W
14i by N 100. being lota 14. and 13,; block H.
Amended Map Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10. r
Elizabeth Potter (formerly Harbitz) to John
Koch, lot on .W line of Sixth street. - ISO X of
Rose. N 25 : by W 129, being lot , 16. block 26.
on maa of I. M. Wentworth Boot and Shoe
Co.'s Tract, subdivided May — . 78. Berkeley;
110. - -*tffi»i«£tf*4MimTOMMHtfl
Andrew . and ' Jane C. Jones to Joseph la and
Maggie la Ferera. lot 23, block K, on map of
Andrew Jones subdivision Brooklyn Township,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mathilde Meet* to Alice Holland, lot on N lin«
of Railroad avenue, 172:2}4 E of Concordla
street.'E 33:4 by N 150, Alameda; $10.
• George A. and Ruby Merrill to Julius Jacobs.
75 feet on K street and 150 on Seventh, town of
Livermore,- Murray. Township: $250.
Builder^' Contracts.
Joseph N.' Kowalsky (owner) with Petterson
& • Persson (contractors), ' architects .. William
Mooser * Son— AH work except Inside painting',
decorating, Hncnista, plumbing.' gas fitting,
electric . wiring and -tiling for a 3-story and
basement brick building -on E line of Mason
itmt. UN of Eddy. N. 25. by E 68:9: $11,856. ¦
. V. P. Liadon (owner) 'with Bletch & Lansing
THE SAN /FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, ,; JUffE 22, 1900.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
15
BIDS ¦WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
Eealed proposals will be received by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Eansome st..
Ean Frsnclsco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY. June 23. l»00. and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
tna«er and commissary supplies for 'the Vet-
erars* Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad
station Yountville), for six months commenc-
ing July 1, 1900, and ending December 31. 1900.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting tlds will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Eid-Vrs will
carefully follow the -conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some weil-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least. 10 per
rent of the amount of hi* bid. payable to C.
Mason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice ot acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves th» right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over cr under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Honw of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 323 Eaniimt St.. San Fran-
cisco. CaU By order of the Board of r>trec-
tcrs. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received by the State Boa'd ct Prison
Directors at San Quentln. up to the hour
of 10:30 a. m. of July 7. 1900. for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to th«
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be bad on
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President
Jf V. KLLTS. Clerk. " .
KABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: #
Reuben L. Bernard, tS, Oakland, and Minnie
L. Hunter. 25, Oakland.
Charles Ferguson, 21, City, and Jennie M.
Ernrr*' Von 24^ 119 Ninth street, and Nancy
Brumbaugh. 25. US Xlnth street.
Emil Hirf.^h 2S, 71«A Green street, and Cora
Altmaytr. SB, ?15 Hroderlck street.
Frank Sarubba. 25. 408 Green street, and Caro-
lina Comj.alonga. 1*. 1212 Dupont street
Louis Lar*en. 26. 1T9 Henry street, and Hanna
Mark. 2C. IS* Cook street.- - ¦
John F. Wolf, 41, city, and Carla Rolf. 21.
C 'james Frar.k Beede. SO. 2021 California street,
and Emma Fraser. 2S. 1222 Pine street.
William T Ashman. 34. 2540 Post street, and
Lurfnda Holland. 27. 920 Oak Wreet.
John J Lyons. 2<s. Butte, Mont., and Abble
J Lyons, 26. 646 Howard street.
Jamet. J. Kelson. 26. 42 Shipley street, and
Gertrude Murphy. 23. E66 Howard street.
Malcolm D. Wilkie, 32, 124 Bcott street, and
Jennie W. Burns. 2S, S10 Waller street. •
Alexander T. Patton. 2?. Gordonsvllle. U,
ana Beatrice S. Chand*&r. 23. Gordonsvllle. \ a.
Meyer L. Cahn. 34. 1430 Geary street, and
Blanche E Kutx. 19. 1131 Laguna street.
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and I'nlarn.
A - r. i: UN t" W 1CK HOUSE! US Siith— Rooms
rie to $1 r«T nljrht, $1 Cj to $5 per week, and
light hcusckwping; open all night.
ABB avr.. near Van Ness-Larpe furnished
bay -window room, suitable for I gentlemen or
nun ;.nii wife; very reasonable.
teCSXETX I*:G Market st. (old No. 12f4)-Fur-
nifh rxas.. guites, tingle: also unfurnished.
r'OLE. T61— Larre sunny front furnished room;
use <?' bath; private; convenient to cars.
ruT.Fr U. ?:3. necx Fourth-FurnSshed rooms, $1
per v wk.
rOLSCM, J>€3. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.Stht '¦ sur.ay roo^s. single or suites; reasonbl.
FOUBTHi ££V-Ntcely furnished bay-window
ar.d i-:r.Kle rooms; moderate; quiet. • > '-<
CBABT. «C5 (TheXavairej— Elegantly furnished
rcoir.s; p-jiteg or tlr.gle; travelers acco" dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Nice room for housed
l:eci>mg or lcx!singr: comfortable; convenient:
cheap.
CRAKD SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
e.zii Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
clr.gle: ladies' parlor: rtading room: eievatcr.
HAYES, *33, near Gourh— A snap; "fine new
sunny front rocrr.s. $4 and 15.
2IOTEL Francisco— Eleeant suites; single: tran-
tlfnt; bathe. *?JRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 955. cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rroros reasonable; by day, week or month.
MINNA, err. ccr. Eighth— New furnished bay-
* indew rorsir.. tl per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
ryonis; S> aday up; It a week up; transient.
JCOH HiU— To let. 2 cicely furnished rooms;
mt-i'-rate terms: private farnilj-. Apply at S25
Ca:!f. rr.ia rt.. below Powell.
OFAKr.KLL. ?0-Sur.ny furnished rooms and
c'.fictt: elevator: riectrlc lights; j^ay. wk.. too.
POWEXJUi Jn— Llirht. clean nr.w.. suites or sliT
tie; trant-ient; running water; rates reduced.
BOSEDXL& House, tli ar.d 3J1 Ellis it.— Rocm«,
_J>'f ht. .TSc tp fi; week. >ia to U: open night.
r.OTAL HOl'SE, 1J« Ellis et.— Incandescent
l:f ht. reading rbem. smoking room and ladles"
rrr'.tr: rooms, rer night, Ke to 51M: week $2
to $5; rr.or.th $$ to J20: elevator en office Coor;
»^--oif- with hot and cold water; batEs.
FHrWM*5 Arartraent House, CS" Eighth St..
r.f-ar and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. :i9 Third— A eood rooming house
¦tor coed p^T-le. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TT'^:K. l*3— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tlorr.an; $?. per menth.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3T2C. near Dolores— « rooms,
¦ oomfcriabae; nice and neat.
VALENCIA. S3r^— Furnished front room, con-
r.v..:ir.g kitchen. $12; also 3 other rooms reas.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and
fubferirticr-.s has been establUhed at 1036 Va-
Ifr.c'a 5t.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE 5' 2 First Class including Berth
rrtnL $3 Second Clas« and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Juna 23. Julv 3
COLUMBIA sails June 27,,July 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
€30 Market street.
GOODAIA PERKINS & CO.,
, Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. Pan Francisco:
U^fc^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
By^rapk June 1". 30, July 5. % Chanfre to
{SwfwQ4V company's steamers at Seattle.
kSCmSvC^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I&VStMV&l r >. P»rt TownseaJ. Seattle.
ffg|p-JV<fjai Tacorr.a, Everett. Anacortes.
t^^WHtfil and New Whatcmn (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 25, 3<\ July 5.
and every fifth day thereafter;
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to <?. P. Ry. •
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 19 a. m., Juns
22. 27. July 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa" Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uco.o. Port Harford tSan Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 24, 29, July 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Loa Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., June 22, 26, m. July 4, and every fourth day
thereafter.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevlous notice.
T1CKKT OKVI^E - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteD.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., Ean Fr&nclsco.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayznaa (Mexico)— 10 a. rn., Tth of each
month. . *
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
KOYUkTK and DAWSON.
And All Points on YUKON RIVER to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 SANSOME STREET.
S. S. ST. PAUL
AND
n o m e;
S. S. PORTLAND
Will Sail About - - - July 1st
ST. MICHAEL
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Mon Sice Uo."
MON.. Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.: 3:13, 8:30 p. m. <ei. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1p.m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. >
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2.' Telephone Main 1503.
faj^e r :... v .. Jtv . v .;....,; We
•;<y«) NK"VV Colonial house; right in the heart
of the city; no carfare; mijrhty neat; 5
rocms: bath; up to date; 3 minutes' walk to
tesal: Btrwt work complete; ready to walk
:r.to:"soe it- J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. . •
t S 4^_eHEAP AT J4500.
English house: near local rUtion; 7 roomi
In the latest ideas; location and neighborhood
the t*?t; sunny; good lot: space too limited
to «>xtol Its qualities; «ee It; first come first
MTved: carriages at office. J. 8. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Read this: Want aa 8-roem houej
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will give $1000
c&fb — id a good property consisting of an 8-
ro<r. fiat worth J2000. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEN CO.. UK Broadway.
CLOCK «. must be «old. near 22d ave.. 17th St..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chu^r. EAMUEL SWIFT. 111J Ea«t btt-
• 1+t-r,;*; <ct.. Hart Oakland.
oTkLAVD FUIIXISHED COTTAGES.
TO let' foT^thrc* months— Furnished cottage;
Highland Park East Oakland; 6 larpf roomf ;
ray. water, bath: delightful location; no fog
or wind; near 2 car Hn«*s; 1 hour from city.
Q'RrurkA A- .TarkBon. 1*02 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAM) FIRXITCaB FOB SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Rcnellhaa*. the
ft:m:tur» rt^icr. r.th and Franklin. Oakland.
UIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND XOTICE^Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban . KranclKco. 33 Post et.. for the half
year ending Juse 80. ]>00. a dividend has
b^en declared at the rate of three <S) per cent
r*T annum en all flpporlts. free of taxes, pay-
able on and erter Monday. July t 1900.
GEORQ E A. STORY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— I>ivM»nd No 106 (fifty
certs per sharp) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. ZZ1 Market «.. on and after MON-
fI}AY. July 2, lKd. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday. June CS. l?00. at 1 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Kan • Francisco Savings
Urlcfl. DfS California Ft., corner Webb— For
th» half jear ending with the 3tth of June.
1900. a dividend has bern declared at the rate
ix?r annum of three and six-tenths <Z 6-10) per
cect on terra deposits and three (2) per cent
on ordinary deposits, fw of tax»s. payable
• en and after MONDAY. July S if**) *"**""'*
I LQVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notion— The German Ravings and
Loan t-oclety. CM California et.— For »he half
year ending with June 30. lSGO, a dividend has
be^n declared at the rate of thr#« and one-
half *3't) p«- cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY
July 2, 1SO0. GEO. TOURNY, Secretary^
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FOyEaAL DIRECTORS AND KXBALKER&
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
C0MPAQNIS GENES ALE TRAlfSATLAMTXQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of •*gJjTY > E»
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at wBB»
10 a. m., from Pier 4S. North River, foot of
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. June 28; LA
TOURAINE, July 5; LA LORRAINE. July IJ;
LA BRETAGNE, July 19. First class to Havre,
$&2 SO upward. Second class to Havre. $56 and
upward; 5 per cent reduction . on - round trip.
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Build'
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Fran-
cisco.
VACUAC I I^Jl* SATnOa •&3COTon«f
flVJonfavv LIliLnnc1}R ..iesooToa*!
. _______ SBKAEI3 .4000 Ton*'
Mon'lily tailing for V»>.-arsu sa and Hamburg j
¦»! a Jf exican ports. O n t r i2 , South A oerica, «to> I
S. S, Serapis. 4000 ton*, sail j about July 3. i
J. ». SPftXCXKU * BBOS. CO- . t-»t». ttl ««lw!rj *J
meMVOY. <fc CO..
fCNEBAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1213 Market St., between Sth and 8th.
Telephone South 247.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Euccesscrs to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
{0 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone South 80.
OCEAiaO 8. S. CO.— HONOI.tn.IT. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNKY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Jun* 27. 3 p. a.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to XEW Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. July 11. S p. m.
I 0. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Atfs.. 114 Montgomery
Piif 7. Foot Pacific St Fraight Ofice. 327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallln;.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. ....Tuesday. July 10, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU v
- ......Friday.. Augtist », 190*
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
Wednesday, August »
Via Honolulu.
'Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4*1 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
OT TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0HD0& PA3H
. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 13 a- m,
St. Paul ..June27|New Tork July 11
St. Ixrais July V St. Paul July V
RED STAH LINE.
Htm York cod Antwtrv
From New Tork every Wednesday. « noon.
Wetternland ...June 271 Noordland July It
Kensington July 4 ' Frtesland July 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
S. S. ""OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30, July 31. August 30. For rates
and other information apply to
Will Dispatch for
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
" NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Passen-
ger Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KLMBAUi STEAMSHIP CO..
230 Market st.,' San Francisco.
ABOUT AUGUST
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
DSBKELBT REAL ESTATE.
A GREAT barpaln— Only t!*M for an lS-room
house: .convenient to cars and schools. O. G.
_M A r & CQ.. 2123 Comer st.
GfOO t«»n-roora hoo5»> on corner lots 1 block
•r.m university; r.riee llfiOO. O. G. MAY &
CO., 212S Onter Ft . Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
¦IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
: fcy foreclosure: bargains: one-fifth cash; bal-
ance In J. 2. 3 cr 4 years. Alaiaeda. Savings
Tteik. X
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
TVPEWUITEKS AND SUPPLIES.
c^eaTbargaixs in TTpiwiiiraEs^we
tell better machines fcr less money than any
reuse ia the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. ZTi California, telephone Main 2tt.
STORAGE: AXD WAREHOUSES.
rAClFIC Stnrape ar.d Furniture Moving Com-
pa.r:j". . 2220 Fiiliaore et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
- .vans. Tenth ar.d Market: phone South 7*2.
SS_XKI Van ar.i Storage Co., 722 Mission St..
tel. Main 1S4D — Packing, raovinjr and storage.
Ahlborn. Henry Kitterman. Hannah
Andersen, Julius W. Lawlor. John M.
Bundy. Mary J. Levy. Lena D.
Burkhardt. Anna Lcalza. Wenceslao
Cook. Margaret Lynch. Johanna
Craig. Mrs. Jo*in McCllnchy. Sarah
Dillen, Mar}' A. McElderry, Paul P.
Doran, David G. Martinez, Nicholas
Feeney. Bridget Meleher. Edward O.
Gavlgan. Martin J. Middleton Jesele R.
Grote, Sophie A, Rand, Philip W.
Hill. Thomas Rule. Mrs. Elizabeth
Hillman. John Schroeder. Christian
Hisgen. E. C. Shea, Edward
Jamison. James J. Stone. Theresa
Johnson. Katie D. Sweeney. John E.
Kendall. Frank H. Thomsen, Caroline H,
AHLBORK— In this city. > June 20. 1900, Henry
Ahlborn. beloved husband of Teresa Ahlborn.
father of Albert and Charles Ahlborn. and
brother of Wtlhelm. August and the late
Charles Ahlborn, a native of Lengern, Han-
over. Germany, aged 6» years and 6 months. A
number of the German Krieger Verein and
San Francisco Turn Verein.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
. June 14. at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the German
Krieger Verein. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Remains at- the parlor* of H. P. Peter-
sen & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
ANDERSEN— In Berkeley, June 19, 1900. Julius
¦William, dearly beloved son of Ewd. and
Margareta Andersen, brother of LHlie E. and
Charles F. Fraser, ar.d grandson of Elisabeth
', Norperi. a native of San Francisco, aged 18
¦ vtirs 11 months and 15 days.
* jr^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1«32 Dwight way. Berkeley. Cal.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
BUNDY— At the Home for Aged Women in
Alden, Alameda County; June 21, 1500, Mary
J Bundy, erandmother of Isabelle II. and
Harrol B. Smith, a native of New Hamp-
f ehlre. aged £6 years. .
BURKHARDT— In .this city, June 2", 1900, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of George Burkhardt, and
loving mother of George. Albert. Robert, Wal-
ter Edward, "Frank, Amelia and Nettle Burk-
hardt. Mrs. A. C. Ledeme and Mrs. A. D.
Cameron, a native of Gwersdorf, Hanover,
German)', aged 58 years 11 months and 2 days.
(C7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence. 220 Thirteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Mount Olivet
* Cemetery, via electric funeral car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets at 2 o'clock.
COOK— In this city, June 19, 1900, Margaret,
dearly beloved wife of Mr. William Cook, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Zwlck
and William and Charles Cook, a native of
Ireland. a*ed ?» years.
ZJjr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1947 Stockton street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where at 9:45 o'clock a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, thence by train to Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
CR\1G — A soiemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated Tor the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. John Craig at St. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Stelner streets, to-morrow
(Saturday), commencing at 8 o'clock.
DILLEN— In Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands,
January % 1900, Mary Amelia Dillen, beloved
sister of Mrs. Matilda Allan, a native of
Sweden, aged 30 years.
ra^Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fu*ly invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jaccb & Co.. 318 Mason
etreet between O'FarreJl and Geary- Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 8:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
ALL kinds" bourtit; fold and repairing puaran-
te*d. Chas. Plan-.beck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
HENTED. r*pa!red. bought, sold; machine sup-
pl'e*. t?t»r.(3ard Agency, 145 tth: phone Mint 43.
ALL kin* bcrocftt. sold, exchanged, rented
ref-airlr.e at lowest rates. 2^5 Fourth st.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
BAD ter.ar.te ejected for SI; collections na>;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION"
CO.. 41S Mcr.tjrcmerr rt.. rooms S-10; tel. BESO.
r>H. RICTIL will irlve an exhibition with his
wonderful llfe-savirot apparatus next Saturday
rnomlnp at 10 o'clock in front of the I.'nited
F*at°s Lif<> Saving Fiatinn at the ocean beach.
KOOMS papered from »•, whitened, »1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 219 Third
SI'ECIAL . SOTICES.
nOOMS AXD BOARD WASTED."
WANTED — By a gentleman andT his~motheri
furnished rooms with board for one. Address,
ftatir.e tprms. box f3». Call office.
BLARRIED.
ALPEX-SABLATSCHAN-In this city. June
Vs. 15"O. by thp Rev. J. M. Buehler. William J.
Alr^n arifi Matilda Eablatschan.
ARMSTRONG— NORWOOD— In this city, June
12 l^W a' First United Presbyterian Church,
by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Charles W. Arm-
strong of Calistega and Leslie L. Norwood of
San Francisco.
A.PHMAN— HOLLAND— In this city. June 21.
J9W, by the nev. H. H. Rell. William T. Ash-
man and Luanda Holland, both ot San Fran-
cisco.
BRIOXES— STRATT— In this city. June 1900,
bv the Rev. A. K. LTlrich. Joseph C. Criones
of Mendoctno County and Frances E. Spratt
of Iran Francisco. -
DT'FK— FI LTON— in this city. June 20, 1900,
by the Rev. H. II. Bell. John Duff and Jennie
iiae Fulton, toth of San Francisco.
JOHNPTON— DRISH— At Hotel St. James. San
Jcs«\ June 21. 1200. by the Rev. H. H. Bell.
Augustus Johnston and Mrs. Ella J. Drish.
LEVIN— BROWN— In this city. June to, 19<"pO,
by the Rev. IJr. J. Nieto. Aaron S. Levin and
Dcra H. Brown, both of San Francisco.
McCARHON— TREANOR-In this city, June IS,
lC«>0, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev.
Father Connolly, Michael McCarron and Hilda
Treanor. .
WILLIAMSON — ASMCSSEN — In this city,
June 15, W0C, by the Rev. 3. M. Buehler.
¦Pumyea Williamson and Catherine Asmussen.
LAP PALMAS. i»ro Market Et.— Suite cf 2 or 1
it?.*.: rrlvat*: tath: fin. rms.; board optional
TV.CNTY-SIXTH, 3STT. near Mission-Nicely
furr.ished Fanny rooms, with or without
I- ard. et v*ry reasonable orice».
MARKET. 1049A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with firyt-claes board: double. t'.Owk.: finele,
jrs me: modern: elevator; table board, W wk. ;
rr.raK 2>. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
1HE BRADBURY. 1C04 California— New modern
family fcoteJ ; excellent table; 100 beautifully
fur:;ithe<i rwm»: mcKjrrat?: phone Hyde 2771.
HOXEX* S!THi;ni>AXn. 7S>1 Sutler— Choicest
tow— Utfu; fnc ly furnished: t--uperior table; ele-
varrr; sir.plo rooms, with board, $30 up; suits
ta rropcrtlon.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN.
APHTON— In this city. June 19, 1900, to the wife
of J. C. Ashton. a eon.
LIND— In Isleton, Sacramento County, June 11,
1900, tc the wife of John Llnd. a daughter.
jyfbuN:?— In Stockton. June 7. WO, to the wife
V of Walter H. Mohns. a daughter.
SILVER— In this city. June 21, 1900, to the wife
of J. M. Silver, a daushter.
WILLIAMfe-In this city. June 21, 1900, to the
wife of .1. W. Williams, a son^ <
KOOUS AXD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. S07 — An excellent opportunity to
rr-curp lartitularly desirable accom. at mod-
erx rates; special rates families; sunny rma.,
en f nit" cr -ir.^lf : be?t table ia t*an Francisco.
DORAN— In this city, 'June 20, 1900.' David G.
beloved son of the Jate William and Cather-
ine Dorari. and beloved brother of Frank K.,
John R.. Theresa L. and Richard L. Doran.
Mrs. J. Watson, Mrs. J. J. McLaughlin and
Mrs. William Maxwell, a native or San Fran-
cisco. ,
tnyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1009 Paclnc street, thence- to fit. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul.
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. * ?' '-•
FFTEXEY— In' Oakland, June 2L 1900. Bridget
Ffcney. a native of County Leitrlm. Ireland-
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral «to-mor/ow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1357 Webster street, thence to St. Fran-
cis de Sales Church, where a "requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Ft. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Please omit
flowers. :¦;'.¦..:. »
GAVIGAN— In Salt Lake City. Utah. June 4.
1900. Martin J. Gavlgan, dearly toeloved hus-
band of Frances Gavlgan, a native of San
Francisco, aged S2 years 10 months and 29
days.
GROTE— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Sophie A. Grote to-morrow (Saturday),
at 3 o'clock, at Holy Cross Church. Eddy and
Scott streets. Friends and acquaintances are
Invited to attend.
HILL— In this city. June 21. 1900, Thomas, be-
loved husband of Ellen Hill, father of Mrs.
W. Gudehus and the late John T.. Timothy
W. and Mary E. C. Hill, and grandfather of
Frieda Gudehus. a native of Ahcrlow Glln,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 58 years.
HILLMAN-In this city, June 20. 1900, John
Hillman, a native of Sweden, aged 30 years
and 9 months.
tt7"Friends and acquaintances and Califor-
nia Harbor No. 15, American Association of
Masters and Pilots, are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy &
Cc, 123$ Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HISGEN-In this city, June 21, 1900, E. C. His-
gen, beloved husband of Catherine Hlsgen,
a native of Albany, N. Y., aged 50 years 1
month and 13 days. A member of Oriental
Rebekah Lodge No. 90, I. O. O. F. (Albany
and Boston papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 24. 1900. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1307 Webster street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge, No.
204, I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. ,
JAMISON— In this city. June 21. 1900. James J..
dearly beloved husband of Mabel E. Jamison,
and only brother of Mrs. Captain R. Jones
of Petaluma. Cal.. a native of California,
aged 42 years. Recording secretary of Cali-
fornia Parlor No. l. and aselstantgrand sec-
retary of Grand Parlor. N. S. G. TV.
JOHXSON-In this city, June 21. 1900. Katie
Datss Johnson, beloved wife of C. O. Johnson,
daughter of Mrs. Amelia Dalss, and sister of
Mrs. Amelia Barling and Edmond, Charles
and Andrew Daiss. a native of California,
C7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funerat services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at Washington Square
Kail, corner Stockton and Union streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30-
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. . .,
KKXDALL— In this city. June 10, 1900, Frank
H.. beloved husband of Etta Chandler Ken-
dall, and brother of Herbert Kendatt. a na-
tive of Maine, aged 61 years.
IPTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satuiday). at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KITTERMAN— In this city. June 19. 1900. Han-
nah- Kitterman. beloved wife of James Kitter-
man. mother of James, Edward, George, Mrs.
Mattle Smith and the late Minnie Kitterman,
daughter of Bridget and the late Owen Gor-
man, and sister of Mrs. P. A. Buckley, Mrs.
Bridget Herst and Edward, Michael, Owen,
Patrick and James Gorman, a native of Lu-
can. County Dublin, Ireland, aged 44 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from her late residence, 632 Lom-
bard street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for-the repose of her soul at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAWLOR— In this city, June 17, 1900," John
Martin Lawlor. father of John W. and Llllle
J. Lawlor, a native of Albany. M. Y., aged 69
years.
. CFuneral service* this day (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at St. Mary's Church, cornei' Cali-
fornia and Dupor.t streets. Interment private.
In Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LE^'Y— In this city, June 21. 1900, Lena D.,
relict of the late David Levy, and beloved
• mother of Mrs. H. Nathan. Mrs. M. R. Cole-
man. Mrs. W. L. Pchindler, Mrs. I. Mich-
aels and Moses, Carrie and the late S. J. and
Harry Levy, a native of Exin, Prussia, 'aged
6» years 3 months and 7 days. (Los Angeles
and Chicago papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(F.-iday). at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12S Albion avenue. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by carriage.
LOAIZA— In New York City, June 8, 1900, Wen-
ceslao Loaiza. a native of Mexico.- aged 70
years and 5 .months.
C7" Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the Church of
Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, Broadway,
near Mason street. Interment Drivate.
LYNCH— In this city. June 20. 1900. Johanna,
beloved wife of Jeremiah Lynch, mother of
Thomas Lynch and Mrs. John Kelleher, and
grandmother of Jeremiah. Mrs. D. J. Flan-
nery, John and Johannah Lynch. Jeremiah
Kftlleher. Katie. Mary, Rose and Johnny
Kelleher, a native of the parish of Kilgarven,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 72 yeara 3
months and 3 days.
Farewell, mother. May we meet in heaven.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th:s day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, Thomas Lynch, 162S Sanchez
street, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul,' commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCLINCHY— In this city, June 21. 1800. Sarah,
beloved wife of the late Michael McCllnchy,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
50 years.
C7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1608 Church street, thence to 8t.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McELDERRY— In this city,' June 21, 1900, . Paul
Perry, infant son of Hubert and Corinnle Mc-
Elderry. a native or San Francisco.
MARTINEZ— In the City and County Hospital,
June II. 1900, Nicholas Martinez, a native of
Ladrone Islands, aged 2S years.
MELCHER— In Los Gatos, June 19, 1900, Ed-
ward O. Meleher, beloved father of Eunis S.
and Edward J. Meleher, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged HO years 8 months and 10 days.
(Lynn, Mass., papem rlease copy.)
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 QClock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MIDDLETON— In East Oakland, June 17. 1900.
Jessie Rennle Mlddleton, beloved mother of
John and James Mlddletun and Mrs. A. .Camp-
bell, a native of Arbroth, Scotland, aged 62
years 4 months and 28 days.
(T^Funeral strictly private.
RAND— In this city. June 20. 1900. Philip W..
beloved husband of Nellie Rand, beloved son
of Mary Rand, and brother of John Rand, a
native of Holyoke, Mass., aged 30 years.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 78 Shipley street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
RULE — Near Duncans Mills. June 19, 1900, Mrs.
Elizabeth Rule, a native of Missouri, aged 78
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at Mj o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter.^lrs. N. A. Hebbard, 1008 Leav-
en worth street. Interment private.,,
8CHROEDER-In this city, June 21. 1900. Chris-
tian J.. beloved husband of Anna 8chroeder.
and father of Carl Schroeder. a native of
Schleswig-Holsteln, Germany, - aged 38 years
10 months and 2 days.
ET" Friends and acquaintances and members
-ot the Norddeutrcher Verein are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral Sunday, June
24, at 1 o'clock, from his late residence, 1056
Sacramento street, between Powell and Ma-
son, thence to Odd Fellows' ¦ Hall, cornei
Market and Seventh streets, where the fu-
neral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Western Addition Lodge . No. 285,
I. O. O. F., at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fel='
lows 1 Cemetery.
SHEA— In this city, June 20, 1900. Edward, be-
loved husband of Hannah Shea, and father of
James, John, Frank, Margaret, Kathryn and
Alice Shea, a native of the parish of Baily-
neal. County Tlpperary,- Ireland, aged . 62
years. - •
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2621 Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
¦ vary Cemetery.
STONE— In Gridley. Cal., June 2L 1900, The-
resa, widow of the late L. C. Stone. • -
(DTNotlce of funeral hereafter.-
SWEENEY— In this city, June 20, 1900, John
E.. beloved husband of Jennie Sweeney, son
of John and Mary Sweeney, and brother- of
Peter/ Mamie, Annie, Marguerite. Joseph and
the late Katie Sweeney, a native of San
Francisco,' aged 31 years. ,
C3TFrlends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully invited to attend the , funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the iarlora of
the Henry J. Gallagher UndertaHng Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St.'- Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for. the repose of , his. soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ..¦*'""•-,
THOMSEN— In Fablola,' June 21, 1900, Caroline
Henrietta, beloved wife of J. Z. Thomsen.
mother of . Catherina" and Marguerita Furste-
nau, and sister of Mrs. Francisca Haugaard.
Annie and Catherina Furstenau, . a native of
Germany, aged 31 years 7 months -and 15
day*.
DIED.
STORIES OF THE [nn^
OLDEST GAMBLER ON NSS^
THE §§§
pacific coast; :^SSs:
* * HOW GENERAL CDSTER NN^
MET HIS DEATH. NSX;
Told for the Krst time by his sccut, wN
? FRANK GROUARD. S^VsX
HOW SIX AMERICAN TROOPERS CAPTURED
EI6HT HUNDRED FILIPINOS.
AROUND THE PARIS NS^
_ EXPOSITION. NSS;
I | |*^ By CENEVIEVE GREEN. SoO\
HOST LUXURIOUS YACHT IN THE WORLD—
1 • AND BUILT FOR A WOMAN. VVV
i IiH\/ x. nSSS
VAwl y *3 THE MOST CURIOUS PULPIT IN xSoO>
*" SAN FRANCISCO. VOsN
f\ II NN^>
| THE LATEST FASHIONS IN SUMMER \sS\V
V_lLlll SHOES. VOs
JUNE 24, 1900.
THE SUNDAY CALL f^N.
| LEADS THEM ALL KNKs:Pike, "as he was known here, was for a
long time chief clerk to the general man
ager of the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road, but left here on account of trouble
with his wife, Henrietta E. Pike. --—
Mrs. Pike was Indirectly the cause of
the killing of George R. Kroenlng by
William R. Peck In the Denver and Rio
Grande offices In 1895, and afterward
gained notoriety as a shoplifter and
burgltir.
She first attracted attention In June,
1S92, when she began suit in tfre District
Court against Mrs. Ella Smith and Mrs.
G. Parkhurst for- $50,000 damages for
slander. She was an Invited guest at a
function of the S. O. O. B.. a society com
posed of the . wives of Masons and,
Knights Templar, and claimed afterward
that the ladles had slandered her by
making statements concerning her ac
tions there. The suit was not pushed,
however, friends of the plaintiff advising
her to drop it. .
A few weeks - after the commencement
of the suit Pike and his wife were ar
rested on suspicion of being accomplices
of Mrs. Bessie K. Shaw In the firing of
the latter's residence on . Capitol Hill.
None of the charges against the parties
eral times since then Pike's persistency In
abusing the woman caused her to resort
to the law for protection, and Pike. was
notified that if he did not desist he would
be arrested and bound over to keep the
peace.
Mrs. Pike recently rented the house in
which she was killed and kep; roomers.
Charles Stone's Statement.
Charles F. Stone/ who was accused by
Pike of having brought on the trouble be
tween himself and wife,. denies emphatic
ally that he was guilty of any unseemly
conduct. Mr. Stope resides at 1074 Dolores
street. He is married and is employed by
the Bancroft-Whitney Company, law book
publishers. He was greatly surprised last
night- when the news of-the murder and
suicide was told him. , Without hesitation
he denied the charges made agalnst'hlm
by Pike. He said the' latter was nn-ab
sinthe fiend and was Insane, i He admitted
that lie knew- the murdered woman,- but
only as a friend. He said that Mrts. Pike
obtained a divorce- from . her husband
about a. year ago because of his drinking
habits and that since the divorce Pike had
bothered the woman considerably; that o;j
his advice Mrs. Pike visited the City Hall
and saw either Judge Hunt or Judge Con-
Ian and reported her ex-husband's threats
and peculiar conduct: : that to- his best
knowledge and belief a letter was written
THE MXTRDEREIl, HIS VICTIM AND THE SCENE OF THE
DOUBLE CRIME.
JAMES J. JAMISON •
HAS PASSED AWAY
Death of Assistant -Grand
Secretary of the
Native Sons.
Race for a Warrant.
, Martin Murphy. $23 San ; Jose avenuo.
swore to complaints In Judge -Mogan'3
court yesterday, for the arrest of Charles
Coyne on a charge of battery . and - Rosa
Coyne, his wife, on aichar^e of. disturbing
the peaceof Kingston avenue. After, the
fight Murphy ; and : Coyne • started ¦ for . the
City Hall * to get warrants :- and .. Murphy
got -. there first. Coyne will • have to wait
till the charges against him and his wife
are disposed of-^SsSBSflHHBiSHHEtGSRSI
The funeral services of the late William
A. Scott werp held yesterday afternoon at
St. John's Presbyterian Church. Rev.
George Eldredjre. pastor of the church,
conducted the services. He spoke feeling
ly of the noble "life of the deceased his
many splendid traits of character and his
great fulth. He referred touchlngly to
the fact that the good man was burled
from th» church he loved so well and had
helped to found.
After the services tho flower covered
casket was borne to the waiting hearse
by the following pallbearers: E. W. New
hall. Judge J. D. Thornton. Colonel Wil
liam Maotlonald, Jasper McDonald, Thom
as Anderson, William Craig and Thomas
liarr. :
The Interment took place at Masonic
Cemetery. • -
BURIED FROM CHURCH
HE HELPED TO FOUND
Mismated Couples.
. Divorce suits have been tiled as follows!
Francisco' G. Fialho. agtxlnat Mary Fialho
for desertion; A. R.*. Dice against Lucy,
E. Dice for desertion; Joseph*' Kenealy.
against Kate.- Kenealy for Intemperance.
Divorces have been granted; to 'Nellie. I.
OsRood from . LeRnder. O. 1 Osgood | becauso
of Osgood's conviction of a felony, s viz.,
bigamy; Bessie B. Roberts from Bert
C. Roberts for cruelty and failure to pro
vide: plaintiff allowed. J20 a 'month .ali
mony. Minnie ;I;iving-stone -- from- -Abra
ham Livingstone on default; three minor
children ordered in custody of plaintiff.
Kdlth EIi2abeth McLean from John Dun
can McLean for neslect.
For Baby's Sake,
\a -well ai her own. the mother should us«
MAL.T-XUTRINE. the helpful food (JrtnSc. to
i.romof. appetite, restore health, build body
and brain. Made by Anheuser-Busch Bpewingr
Ass'n. St. LouU, L. S. A. For sale by all
druggists. .
c-ji— aHERE -was sadness: yesterday in the
building, of." the of. the
' jl • . Golden j West -on Mason- street when
tho announcement vwas £ made*that
James J. Jamison," assistant grand secre
tary of. the. Grand Parlor, and one of the
most popular. Native Sons of, the city,
had after a' lingering illness 'passed away
at. his home.: 62S; Posf street. >"Out* of re
spect to. his memory the flag on the build
ing was half masted. -; • • ; '
,-> Mr.- Jamison, or "Jimmie." as he was
called by every one who ever visited the I
oftlce of the grand : secretary, was In the i
forty-second year of i his age, and k he
leaves a wife 'residing, in this city and
a-slstcr. Mrs. R. Jones, a resident of Peta
luma. v He was one of the charter mem
bers , of California Parlor No. 1, the pio
neer of the order and held almost every
olliee in it;. was past president, and at the
time of his death ! was its recording sec
retary, having been elected: to fill the va
cancy, caused by the resignation of Frank
B. Rynn on his departure for the Yukon.
•-.At '. soven sessions ."Mr. "Jamison repre
sented his parlor In -the 'Grand Parlor,
being well versed In the law ana
the -needs, of the order. About . four
years ago he was appointed assist
ant to Grand -Secretary Lunstedt.' For
more • t ha n > two years i he - was a sufferer
from .'asthma,' but *fv r few months; since
there came a complication of troubles, in-*
eluding, pulmonary hf-morrhagos;: and * this
so weakened -him that his constitution;
wasted; by disease, .could not stand the
strain. ; . " ¦ , ,¦/
• The deceased was also president of Cal
ifornia Camp of the Argonauts =No. 4 and
secretary or the- Past -Presidents" ¦Asso
ciation.-' For 'a long time he was secre
tary of; tho Golden Gate Athletic Club/
He •¦was a^ kind-hearted man. charitable
to thollmlt-of «hls means.- courteous In his
dealings with: all- and =had the.resnect; of
every , Native' Son ln : or- out :of ' tho city
whoevormethlm. vv. . , "
The funeral, will , take place at 1 o'clock
next Sunday afternoon from Native -Sons'
Hall .under ¦; the -direction ; of rr California
Parlor. No. il:., There w!H\beMnvattend
ance^the, grand officers and delegations
from 'all the -local- parlors and'from those
la the nearby, cities. .. ..•.._ . .._
.Those Who Will Bule the Destinies
of the Order— The Official Organ
Continued.
The Grand Grove of the United Ancient
Order of Druids of California closed its
session yesterday afternoon. It will meet
again next year In this city.
There was a clearing of the files of mat
ters that remained unfinished at the pre
vious day's session.
The report of the committee that the
Druids' Magazine be continued was adopt
ed, but the yearly appropriation was re
duced from $400 to $350.
The election of grand officers for the
current year resulted in the choice of the
following: Henry. Lange of St. Helena,
noble grand arch; Jules S. Godeau of San
'Francisco, deputy (rand arch; John M,
Graves of Modesto "rove, grand secre
tary (re-elected): Frank J. Horn of San
Francisco, grand treasurer: C. Gugliel
monl of Colusa, grand marshal: Georga
Beck of San Leandro, grand guardian; J.
Nickel and Henry A. Chase of San Fran-
Cisco and O. H. Hoag of Santa Rosa.
grand trustees: James F.' Martlnoni and
Edward Goetze of- San Francisco and
Frank C. Lewis of Pleasanton. repre
sentatives to the Supreme Grove; James
Hagan. James A. Devoto and H. G. Ber
tram, alternates for the representative*.
A vote of thanks was given to retiring
Noble Grand Arch Martinoni for hig un
selfish^and zealous work in_ behalf of
Dr«!d!sm during his term of office. .
A vote of thanks was given the San
Francisco Call for reports of the Grand
Grove session. . ,, . .
The officers were then Installed by Past
Supreme Arch Louis G. Schord.
DRUIDS' OFFICERS FOR
CURRENT YEAR CHOSEN
The plans for the big Admission day
celebration under the auspices of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West having been
outlined In a general way, the mattet
that now has the uppermost place In the
minds of the commltteemen is that ot
raising funds. The executive council -of
the finance committee met yesterday
afternoon In conference -with the presi
dents of the twenty-two local parlors In
the Palace Hotel headquarters. Chair
man Newhall stated that It was the de
sire pf the finance committee to have' the
various parlors, through their presiding
officers, suggest names of members who
would make good solicitors. for funds. He
added that out of the number of names
submitted the executive committee would
select fifty, and that those elected would,
In conjunction with an auxiliary commit
tee of prominent men. solicit funds, as It
is thought that at least $50,000 should be
raised. The representatives announced
that they would submit a Hat of names
by noon to-day.
The chairman stated further that out
of the sum of $32.000. that had been col
lected to do away with the plague scare
$8000 had been expended. This surplus,
the conmilttee thought, might' be secured
for tho Admission day celebration fund.
He stated that ho. in conjunction with
Colonel J. It. Howell, Colonel Frank H.
Vail, Grand Marshal Costello, Frank W.
Marston and II. S. Martin, had "called on
A. A. Watkins. the treasurer of the mer
chants' fund, who had stated that he had
no power to divert the money, but would
not send out checks until after the com
mittee had seen tho contributors. The
chairman stated further that he had
culled on H. K. JIuntlngton of the South
ern Pacific ' and Market » street railway
system, who had contributed $5000 to the
Chinatown fund, and told him that the
linance committee would like to have- a
contribution of $5000. and would accent a»
part thereof the nro-rata that would be
returned by Mr. Watkins. Mr. Hunting
ton said he would consider, the matter and
Clve an answer at a la.ter day.
It is the purpose of the finance commit*
tee to appoint collectors who arc ac>
quainted with those In particular lines or
business, and'ln addition divide the city
outsldc of the business section into dis
tricts and make a' house-to-house canvass
for funds.
The finance committee will appoint &
secretary who shall be a Native Son. .It
shall, be his duty to receive the funds
dally, turn the same over ' to ' the treas
urer, and do such/other duties, as the
committee may Impose on him.
The 'general committee will meet this
Effort Will Be Made to Secura
Unused Money Subscribed by
Merchants for Health
Board.
Collectors to Be Appointed
To-Day by Executive
Council.
TO RAISE MONEY
FOR THE GRAND
CELEBRATION
Delightful Day Enjoyed by
. Picnickers at Pretty
£v£ Los Gatos.
Clergy and Congregation Carried to
the Park in ' FJve Long •
Trains — Incidents of
the Day. ¦ :
Despite,. the threatening weather, there
was a large attendance at" the annual pic
nic and. reunlon:of; St.". Peter's' parish at
Lcs GatoS' yesterday^ .' The;: parishioners
and their, friends attended In such large
numbers that It was 'necessary to trans
port them to the ' place , of .' outing In five
long trains. -Never, before In the history
of Los Gatos has that pretty town held
such a large number, of pleasure-seekers.
The entire population of that section,,
transient and permanent, was lined up at
the station and gave. the visitors a fitting
welcome. The picnickers -were" not de
terred from . putting on their outing suits
by, the . drops' of rain whiclf,, fell in this
city previous to their departure on their
pleasure Jaunt, and 'they • did; not regret
their foresight. The weather clerk of Los
Gatos furnished an Ideal day.
There was dancing beneath the trees,
swinging on bending bows, wading In the
creek that runs through the picntc
grounds, racing and other Interesting" pas
times- to give recreation to all present.
'Even the large aggregation of Catholic
clergymen who attended the reunion
found pleasure in shooting at a stationary
•?•rget and knocking down "nigger babies
with baseballs. Rev. Peter C. Vorke, pas
tor of the parish, devoted all his energies
to making the picnic an enjoyable one,
and his eftorts were crowned with success.
He .was. greatly .aided by energetic com
mittees. ; Supervisors Connor, • Curtis,
Dwyer and Maguire had dropped muni
cipal affairs and they made merry with
the rest."
j- The following named . members of the
dlergy ' were present as guests of St.
Peter's parish: Rev. James McDonald,
Rev. R. McKlnnnn. Rev. M. -J. Whyto.
Rev."; James' Melvln, Hev. IV J. Gritlln,
Ilov.. Father Qulnnr Rev. Jame3 Laud,
Rov., William Lyons. Rev. P,,D. Brurly,
Rev. IS. Hennessy, . Rev. James. Stokes,
Rev.- J.-. Collins. Rev. J. McDonnel. Rev.
T. 1 . Hartnett.' Hcv.J. .Giles and itev. \V.
Sampson of San Francisco; Rev. Francis
Morlson, Rev. T. J. G'Connell, Rev. J. j.
Cranwell and Rev. 1Y Cantwoll of Oak
l;md; f Rev: J.'J.'Ksan nnd Rev. T. Sullivan
of • San-- Rafael : lirw'J:- J. ¦ Brennan :.. of
Menlo Pork, Rev.' Father P. Collopy of San
Jose," Roy.J. Leahy of- Petaluma, Rev. J.
O. Gannon of Rio Vista. Rev. D. McKin
non of :Suisun,i :and Brother Erminold of
St. Peter's: Parochial School. .' :
.The games proved a feature of the out
ing.' The picnickers crowded i three -deep
on ! either . side > of . the 100-yard cinderpatn
and cheered the contestants on to victory.
Following ; are ¦ the names = of- thp winners
of the more Important events:
Race for boys - under 12— E. Gulnanne
first.*: F. Smith second. ., .
¦Race for "girls - under 12— Kitty Walsh
PARISHIONERS
OF ST. PETER'S
HELD REUNION
Surprise Banquet to Mrs. Genevieve
Baker by Buena Vista Parlor, .
Native Daughters.
Buena Vista Parlor of the Native
Daughters <* the Golden West, of which
Mrs. Genevieve Baker, recently elected
vice president of the order, has been a
member for many years, held a business
meeting last. evening, at which there, was
a large attendance of members and visit
ors. At the close of the meeting all pres
ent were Invited Into an adjoining hall,
In which there were set two long tables In
the midst of a profusion of flowers, while
the several stations were hidden from
view with beauties from the gardens. At
the head of the hall were two beautiful
silk American flags, while the tables were
loaded down with the choicest collation
that could be produced.
• Mrs. Baker, In vyhos'e honor the banquet
was prepared, was escorted to the head of
the first table, where wero. seated besides
the guest of honor Miss Emma Bennlng.
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments: Mrs. Ella Wehe, secretary: Past
Grand President Miss Mariana Bertola,
Past Grand President Miss Mae B. W il- T
kln. Past Grand President Miss Lizzie
Douglass, Mrs. S. W. Leake o.f Calina
Parlor. Sacramento, and other prominent
members of the order.
Grand Vice President Mrs. Baker was
welcomed to the feast by the chairman,
and there was a brief and .• appropriate
response of thanks, and after , the repast
Mrs. Lucia Neubarth. president of - the,
parlor,, responded to the ..toast, /, '.'Tne
Good of the Order"; Mfss' Bertola re-'
sponded to "The • Past - Presidents" ; ' Mrs. ¦
Annie -Simpson .responded • to* "Happi-'
ness." The guest of the evening delivered
a 'most eloquent address on '."Woman on
Womanhood!*' Mrs: Leake 'gave "a .con
cise and Interesting account of ; the ¦ rise
and -.progress of the Native
Home: . Mlss.Wllkln spoke in a general
way of the order, after which Miss "Ber
tola; on behalf ; of the parlor.' presented
to Mrs. Baker a handsome gold enameled
pin, the only one of the kind ever. made,
as a token of the love of -the sisters in
the parlor > for their, sister who had won
the- second highest position -In the order.
Then" there were remarks by Mre.
Foley, Grand Trustee Mrs. Wehe, Mrs.
Nellie Rader. and vocal selections by
Misses' Klla and Belle. O'Brien. . " .
The banquet, a sugprtse to the one In
whose honor It , was got up, was a, most
successful affair. » It was attended by
more than two hundred ladies.
evening In Native Sons' building, when all
the sub-committees will present reports.
GRAND VICE PRESIDENT
HONORED BY HER PARLOR
.The Master Bakers* ,' Protective Associa
tion of this city held Its thirteenth annual
picnic and "outing yesterday at Schuetzen
Park, near San Kafiioi. About 1300 people
first, Lizzie Gruax second. . .
Race for young men— J. Sullivan nrst,
ladies-Teresa Cane
fl^e L1 fo Z r e y C ou U ng X m C en°-T: Sullivan first.
J. Powers second. " r« M^
Sack race— J. Kennedy first. J. Gran-
V Altar°boys of St. Peter's parish race-
L. Dwyer first, F. Glrot second.
Race for cadets. Company I. I*. «-• *-•—
J. GranvlU first. H. Doyle second.
Race for married women— Mrs. Mlbeck
first. Mrs. C. J. Ward second.
Race for married men— Tom Geough
first. M. Fragley second. .
The success of the reunion was due to
the efforts of the following committees:
General commJttee-P. J. Tormey. chair,
man; D. F. Keefe. vice chairman: P. Big
gins, treasurer; T. R Curtis, secretary-,
Transportatlon-P. J. Curtis. E. D. Sulll-
V Games^D.°F? V Keefe. John E. Behan. I*
J Dwyer. Harry Plnkham. John Butter
worth J. C. O'Donnell. Henry Powers.
Prizes-L. C. Cull. John O'Connor. Jo
seph'Doran. Daniel Reardon, Thomas
rjTvanaueh J C. Meegan. James BurKe.
CD Douglass. James Sutler. David Gog
gin W. J Hurley. J. P. ¦ Sullivan.
Prograinme-T. C. Butterworth. W. J.
Hurley JCrO'Donnell. James Burke. M.
G S?ivi n n; W. D. Rlordan.
John Kenny. Harry
"l^-^ftoffl^^-SRSt T.
B itt C d U afef icS^dUtor.
Mr «ass: 'S^^ssrfr
Haggcrty. James Wagner. James Sulli
van John E. Welch, Thomas Healy. Ed
ward Drew. Timothy Donovan, Edward
M Jud|e h3 of reel and - Jig dancing-John
Kenny, chairman.
TOOK A SPIN ON THE
BAY-THEN TO .EL CAMPO
The National Association of Master
Plumbers of San Francisco held Us fourth
annual picnic at 121 Campo yesterday.
Before landing at El Campo the guests
were given a spin around the bay. The
excursionists were taken to Hunters
Point, the Union Iron Works. Black Point.
Richmond. Sausallto - and around. Red
Rock. At the picnic grounds dancing was
the feature and was Interrupted only long
enough to award the many prizes donated.
H Ituhl of Stockton and Mrs. Barns of
this city won the prize for elderly couples.
The little ones wero well supplied with
presents. ' ¦ , .
The following committees were in
Arrangements— William Qulnn (chair
man). G. C. Sweeney, C. McCarthy. J. L.
E Flrmln. F.-Koch. Gus \\\ Bayreuther.
Floor manager. O. C. Sweeney; assist
ant. J. B. Brltt. ;!;-.
Floor committee— George Eastman. A.
Newmark, J. F. O'Connor, M. B. Casey.
Reception— Samuel Tcklehelmer (chair
man). H. HufTschmldt; O. McCusker. O.
C Dallamore. Thomas Rerthram. William
Uulck.J. II. Brook, C. Wrin. J. Nunan, J.
Albach, M. Cohen, J. B. Butterworth.
Board of bflleers— William Quinn. presi
dent; M. Fisher, vice prestdent; K. Koch,
chairman committee at large: H. Huff
schmldt. treasurer: J. I*. E/ Flrmln. cor
responding secretary; C. McCarthy, re
cording- secretary; A. Newmark, financial
secretary.
Trustees— G. C. Sweeney, G. W. Bay
reuther, G.C. Dallamore.
MASTER BAKERS PICNIC'
'- AT SCHUETZEN PARK
enjoyed themselves at the picnic. The
early part of the day was rainy, but as
the hours passed, the day grew brighter.
The bakers proved that they knew how
to enjoy themselves even if the wind
blew and the rain fell. All that wa3 good
to eat and pleasant to drink was spread
for the multitude and the way the bakers
went at the spread showed that they
realized the opportunities of the occasion.
The committees of arrangements con
sisted of John Schlchlmann. Gus Wuch
erer and \V. Simon. The floor manager
was W. Wucherer. The officers of the
association are: President, W. Wucherer:
vice president. John Kost: recording sec
retary. H. Stem; treasurer. John Schichl
mann. W. Wucherer was the busiest man
on the grounds; he was everywhere, as
was also John Schichlmann.
To the Coroner, I espeet to hare an Interview wit* »y
ex-irlfe to-niuht. Favorably, I trust; forcibly 1* nece»«ary.
She has threatened my life several times and a few day" »«©
told a nnmber of friends, Mr». Alfred KonccTlerl. T3S Cali
fornia »trcet that »he carried a enn for me. I am prepared.
I hope for no trouble but If it xhonld eome it will be dne *n
tirelr to the octionn of William IMeree Johnson. 722 Mont
ffomcrr street, residence, 4«1 Merrlmne street. Oakland. Then
may the curnc of Cod rent npon him nnd him. If »he carries
out her threat and I bo. I would like «© be cremnivl- Some
months since Johnson nsrreed to do this for me. If disin
clined | to make good his offer hnry me in potter's field with
ont a headstone. I have no friends aside from three I can
not name. Johnson and the woman have robbed me of the
others. To the best of my knowledge these two ore the only
enemies I hnve. Her present lover is Chas. F. Stone, with the
Bancroft, Whitney Co.. 4OS MontKomery street, residence 1O74
Dolores street. Evidence of their association since September
last, when I was on my supposed death bed in the hospital,
may be had of Mrs. Itoncovlerii of the wife of D. G. Francis,
of the Chronicle. Ilvlnsr at or near 70S Ponell street. or of one
• of. her abandoned associates. Mary West. 73-4 1-S Pine street.
The woman is a sister of Johnny nay's wife. Emma, and of
I.llllo Sherwood (Thomas), a Spokane variety performer. If
she Roes vrith me, Stone shonld *rl-i-e her a bnrlal. ; bnt I would
not have her near me, even in death. Her association with
Mary West was one of the canoes that led up to the divorce.
Our last separation vrns dne to her association and loose
mode of life, with Geo. I. Bailey. Golden Gate Stables, and his
friends. Sam Grlflrshy and Potter, ahont the time of the Flor
ence Parker suicide. After the French ball last year. I have
• never seen them. She was aided nnd accompanied by two
ftlrlft then llvlnjc In my honse, who violated the honor of my
honsehold. The resnlt of this may prove as bad as that of the
Paulln case and If so eqnallr worthr of condemnation.
In the letter, the -writer plves the nnmes of the youns?
Rfrld. The Call withholds them In the belief that only harm
could com*' from their publication. He contlnuesi
' ' The child- Riethe -was reerularly adopted In the Arapnhoe
' County Court, Denver, Colo., In September, 1R88. She Is legiti
mate. Her parents are dead. I. alone of my family, and the
mother's know -who they were. Johnson, -who may thus make
her for the second time an orphan, nnd Stone, who helped
alienate her affections from me, shonld care for her and feel
themselves In honor bound to see that she Is clven an oppor
tunity of leading: an upright life. For some months the child
has refused to speak to me when I met her. Certainly
through the influence of her mother and Stone, and this un
grateful and unnatural course Is the heaviest of the many
blows I have received during? the twelve years I lived frith
the mother. Her aunt, Lillian Sherwood, Is wholly unfit to
have charpre of her. My ex-wife is the wickedest woman In
America and notlilner could make her respect herself. I have
been Intending to try and gel the child away from her and
would then hnve been obliged to make pnbllc her hlstoryt
but for the child's sake, -whom I love more than any one on
earth, I will not here detail my knowledge of her or bring in
the names of witnesses other than the above. I do not Intend
In any event to hurt Stone or the child if present, but I shall
no t fro -without the woman, If I ean help It. and I shall not
shoot without cause. I have no excuse to offer for marrying
her and only regret my -weakness in supposing it possible to
reform a -woman. My physician, -whom I saw only to-day will
certify that I am and have been sane. H. D. PIKE.
0i30 p. m. Time is short and on rereading I have nothing:
to add.
could be proved, and all concerned were
permitted to go free.
In the latter part of December. 1S94. Mrs.
Pike created a big sensation by burglar
izing the residence of Mrs. James R. Ives.
1200 Vine street, while that family was
sojourning in Southern California. Sev
eral trunkloads of silverware, china sets,
valuable bric-a-brac, rugs, curtains, car
pets and other articles were stolen, and
ft was soon discovered that Mrs. Pike was
the thief. She confessed and most of the
goods were recovered. Friends interceded
for the woman and she was permitted to
go to San Francisco.'
"When Mrs. Pike returned several months
later, however, and opened a boarding
houso It was discovered that she was
using Mrs. Ives* property in her house
When the police learned this Mrs. Pike
was arrested, but was never prosecuted
on her promise that she would leave and
never return to Denver. She went to
San Francisco and made up with her hus
band, but they never lived happily to
e< She r was with him but a short time when
she had him arrested for assault and bat
tery, and on June 11. 1S3S, Pike, who was
bookkeeper for the Juniper Mining Com
pany at San Francisco, was numbered
among the missing.
Mrs. Pike expressed the hope then that
her husband had committed suicide, en
listed in the army or gone to some placa
from which he would never r?turn to her.
Nothing further had been heard of, tha
couple until the news of tho tragedy was
received here.
JOHNSON IS IN THE EAST.
OAKLAND, June a.— "William Pierce
Johnson, who is the general manager of
the "Willamette Paper Company, lives at
461 MerrJmac strept, Oakland, but 13 now
in New York City on business connected
with the paper company. Mr. Johnson \a
a nephew of Henry Pierce, the president
of . the paper company, and 13 wejl
known in Oakland.
MURDERER'S LETTER
TO THE CORONER.
KILLS HIS FORMER WIFE AND TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
THEIR DENVER RECORD.
DENVER. June 21.— The Pikes were
well known In Denver. Herman de Silva
to Pike by the court, warning him to leave
Mrs. Pike alone, as he would otherwise
be arrested and bound over to keep tne
peace..
Mary West Makes Statement.
? Mary ¦West, who lives at 734V4 Pine
street, Is a woman of about 30. She Is a
short, fat* brunette and works as a cham
bermaldln a hotel conducted by • a man
named KInsr at Healdsburg. She, first met
the Pikes, according to her story, seven
or eight years Ago. She was then worK
lng as a domestic at 2520 McAllister street.
The Pikes lived in the * next house. PJk°
hated her from the start, she claims. She
told last night what her relations with
the Pikes were In the following words:
"Pike was a fool. He had brains, but
absinthe got away with them. The child
Henrietta I hardly ever saw. If he said
in the letter he" left that I stolo her af
fections he lied, that's all. Mrs. Pike U3ed
to come to me and tell me that none or
her friends could come near the Jiouse,
her husband -was. so Insanely jealous of
man and woman. So he said I was partly
the cause of to-night's snooting, did he?
Well, that's.him all over. He was always
writing long letters about people. AV hen
he -was drunk he'd sit' down and reel em
off by the yard. All full of malicious
things about other people. '
"I haven't •• seen him -for- four
years. I've been up in Healdsburg. I
only got back a short time ago I saw
Mrs. Pike three weeks ago. \Ve didnt
mention her husband. I m glad he s
dead. One fool less in the world. His
accusations are groundless. He was
crazy. I'm sorry for his wifer though.
I always thought he'd do something like
this." '• : " .
Henry D. Pike, Recently Divorced,
Chief Actor # in Horrible Double
Tragedy on ' Powell Street. .
Couple Who Figured in a Number of
Sensational Crimes and Episodes in
Denver, Come to Miserable End.
MEXIIT D. PIKE, bookkeeper for the
MWiiSamctte Paper Company of this
city, shot his divorced wife to
death and then put a bullet
through his brain In the apartments of
The woman at 732 Powell street about 8
o'clock last night. The shocking murder
and Fuioide wore deliberately planned and
as deliberately executed. The man -went
to the house with the avowed intention of
killing the woman, whom he claimed had
robbed his life of all happiness, and then
ending his own wretched existence.
He made threats so openly that the
woman was warned while he was yet on
his way to the house, but for some un
explained reason neglected to take precau
tions to prevent him from executing his
threats. Uefore the commission of the
crime the man and the woman he had
irarked for his victim quarreled so vio
lently that other occupants of the house
realizing that a tragedy was Impending
rushed from the place for assistance.
The pleadings of the 13-year-old adopted
daughter, whom Pike loved passionately,
alone prevented him from shooting the
woman the moment he entered the house.
Then, even while the police were hurry-
Ing to the scene, the man. with rase tear
ing at his heartstrings and curses flowing
from his lips, began his deadly work, not
to etop until both he and his victim were
dead an<5 the pretty little room where the
tragedy occurred had been transformed
Into a shamble.
Divorced a "Fear Ago.
Pike and his wife were divorced about
a year ago. Friends of the separated
couple claim that he threatened his ex
wife's life on many occasions, and within
an hour <ft the tragedy the woman re
ceived a warning before the crime last
night, which if heeded might have saved
her life.
In th« early evening Pike had a con
versation with Alfred Roncovierl, the
well-known bandmaster. In which he in
quired about the disposition his ex-wife
¦was to make of their adopted child, and
then reiterated his intention of slaying^
her. When Mrs. Roncovieri heard of this
the Immediately notified Mrs. Pike by
telephone and cautioned her to keep the
<loor locked against the man.
'True to his word. Pike came to the
house. He did not request admittance,
but slipped up the stairway, as the door
was opened by some one passing out. In
Deputies Michael Brown and Thomas
Smith of the Coroner's office responded to
the call. They found that Pike had gone
to the house fully prepared to execute the
murderous threats he had made. In ad
dition to the revolver with which the dou
ble crime was committed another, fully
loaded, was found In his pocket. When
the body •was searched a letter to the
Coroner was discovered. It had been writ
ten shortly after 6 o'clock and the pen
manship was of the best. It detailed a
story of wrecked lives, whether true or
otherwise, and dragged the names of a
number of people into the case. All of
the accused deny the accusations and say
that the murderer and suicide was an ab
sinthe fiend and crazy. He claimed that
Mrs. Pike made threats against him and
that he would kill her only In self
defense. This is disputed by some of the
language In the letter as well as by the
fact that the woman was unarmed and
a weakling physically.
When the enraged man commenced to
Prepared to I>o Murder.
Mrs. Powell had telephoned to the Cal
ifornia-street police station for help and
Sergeant Duncan immediately dispatched
Officer J. Pearl to the place. .When the
policeman arrived the tragedy was over.
The little girl also, fearful that Pike
would not keep his promise not to harm
the woman, had slipped out of the house
to call for help. Those whom she sum
moned, like the police, arrived too late.
Three of the shots fired at the woman
had taken effect. One of them broke her
neck, another passed through her hand
and still another entered her head near
the left ear. He had reserved the fifth bul
let for himself. He had seated himself on
the floor, placed the muzzle of the revol
ver in his mouth and pulled the trigger.
The bullet passed out the. back of his
head. : .V'5
Too Late to Avert Trag-edy.
Less, than five minutes afterward W. F.
McKennay, a clerk, who occupied a room
in the same house, heard five shots. He,
!ike Mrs. Powell, had heard the angry al
tercation In the hallway, and arming him
self rushed to the door of Mrs. Pike's
room. The door was locked, but McKen
nay threw himself against it and it gave
way. As he entered the room the sight
that met his {raze chilled his blood. The
body of the unfortunate woman lay limp
and lifeless across a chair, while a few
feet away was the body of the murderer
In a sitting posture on the floor, his head
propped against a sofa, the bipod gushing
from his mouth and a smoking pistol still
grasped in his hand. Both the murderer
and his victim must have died almost In
stantly.
the hallway he met hJs ex-wife and the
adopted child Riethe, a girl 13 years of
age. He displayed a revolver and a quar
rel immediately ensued. Suddenly Pike
broke away and rushed about the halls
trying- the doors of a.11 the rooms.
"Is she in these rooms?" he was heard
to say.- 4
The little girl tried to pacify him and
begged him not to shoot. On his bended
knee he embraced the child and swore
that he would not harm her.
"Don't kill mother either," the child
begged.
Pike finally took an oath that he would
not.
Mrs. Pike then asked him to put the pun
away and come into her room, that they
might talk in peace. He did as requested
and the door was locked after them.
Mrs. H. C. Powell, who has apartments
in the same house, heard the dispute and
locked the door of her room. She says
she knew that trouble was imminent, and
rushing down a rear stairwav reached a
grocery store, from which she telephoned
to Mrs. Pike and aFked her if she needed
'assistance. She offered to send for the
police, and Mrs. Pike told her that she
thought it best to do so. After the woman
had placed the receiver back on the tele
phone Instrument she returned to the
room where her ex-husband was waiting
and again the door was locked behind her.
Pike was formerly secretary to the pres
ident of the Rto Grande Railway. He
drank heavily and soon lost his position.
Twelve years ago he married Miss Hen
rietta Carter, a sister of Emma Ray", the
wife of Johnny Ray. the actor, and also
a sister to Lillian Sherwood (Thomas), a
variety actress at Spokane.
The union was childless and the couple
adopted the little girl, who now figures
so prominently in the tragedy, in Denver,
Colo., in September, 1SS2. Before Pike
and his wife left Colorado their, domestic
infelicity began. He drank heavily and
went rapidly from bad to worse. Finally
they came West and located In this city.
He at first secured a position with the
Southern Pacific Railroad and later be
came an expert accountant. Ho was last
employed by the Willamette Paper Com
pany, of which William Pierce Johnson,
mentioned In the letter to the Coroner, is
the president. J '¦
About three years ago Mrs. Pike was
forced to leave her husband. He drank
absinthe and abused her. He claimed,
despite his ill treatment, to still retain his
old affection for her, and on three differ
ent occasions a reconciliation was effect
ed. About one year ago, however, Mrs.
Pike was forced to appeafr to the courts
for an annulment of their marriage con
tract, and a decree was granted her. Sev-
Ruined by Drink.
pull the trigger of the revolver the woman
evidently sought to save herself by leap
ing from a window. This was made mani
fest by the bloodstains on the glass. The
window was locked and before she had a
chance to escape the bullets brought her
down. All the shots entered the back,
and the wound In the hand was received
probably when the woman raised that
member to protect herself. „,,,-,
Mrs. A. Roncovleri and Mrs. M. J. Ba
rabas, who are intimate with the family,
claim that for a lone time Pike hnd been
persecuting his ex-wife. She was divorced
from him about a year ago and the
ground on which the separation was
granted was cruelty. Since that time Pike
had made many threats against the
woman and both of the women above
mentioned always tried to notify her by
telephone when he threatened to visit her.
Mrs. Pike, it is said, came to regard the
man's threats with contempt, and stated
that they caused her no apprehension, as
she believed him to be too much of a
coward to take human life. The womfn
say that Pike had said he would go to
Chicago last Monday. When he dlil not
go Mrs. Pike was warned. They also. In
timate that the child's welfa're caused him
much worry, and that many disputes be
tween him and his victim had been start
ed over this little one.
THE 5 AN FK A]NTCISCO C A Mi, FRIDAY, ' j* JUNE 22, 1900.
16
THE LATE JAMES J. JAMISON.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dinner Sets
20% off.
Com© Just to Look.
Grat American tosrtlH Tea Co.
MONEV-SAV1NG STORtS.
r»f-?;r orient Ai«. ( <Bet. butter and Pomty
TCI Msrket bt. tOpj». 4*owaU).
1(0 Sixth St.
US liuye* St. . tt* Third St.
1*19 Polk St. . tn Monwrornerr At*
Hit Mission St. 706 Larkln 8t.
t<*€ fc!xt«entt» St 1S1» Devltadero St.
lit Ninth fit. «78 Halrht St.
?CM F-lilmor« St. Sttt Mission St.
u jcuxitet st. nn nth st.
OAKLAND STORES.
IKl Wwhingtoa St. M» K. 12U* St.
12*7 Broadway. 118* Md Av«.
Ikiii fecventb it. UU Park »u AlimMfc
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
rSO I J LA FES {2&|
/@fa REQUIRED JpW
Our removable bridge work la beautiful and
durable. -Warranted 10 years.
/feg^^-!*T;gg^£jjigjiy P^'O'css extractlna
rr.ICE LIST tor 30 Days:
Palnlei* Extraction 25e
Removable JRrhJcewcrk f.'I.OO
Crown* *i.OO to *5.<M>
JMre Odd Filling* f I.OO
Atr.sJg&m 5O«»
Gold and Platina f l.«M
Ellver Ftllinr SOe
Mrs. Tir. R. I«. Walsh will attend to the
children'* teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L. WALSH,
J1SS4 GEAIIY BT., between Hyde and I^ftrkln.
Office Hcurs— 9 a. m. to S p. m. ; Sunday*,
to 12. Telephone Polk IIS.
I. MAGNIN & CO.,
! Ladies 1 an 1 Children's Outfitters.
Our assortment of what is
needed by ladies and children
; for the summer vacation is
'¦ All ready-made, stylishly trim-
med .nnd in good widths; will suit
you in every particular. An espe-
cially fine line of Kton v and Sailor
Suits; sizes, 4 to 14 years.
On Special Sale
This Week. '
Our entire line of Children's and
Misses" Summer Jackets at greatly
reduced prices.
Children's English Duck Jackets,
well made and v.iil compare favor-
ably with any $5.00 garment. Ages,
I to 6 years. Regular value, $3.00.
Redrccd this week to 51.25.
840 markeTstreet, s.f.