* — ¦¦-.. -:¦/;:¦¦ -^m
when ten natives landed from . **J
the beats and: came to visit
our tire. They were met with
small comment, for they were '
to all appearances only" a curious lot
of idlers, who had come to watch- the
strange ways of strange people. It was
observed, however.- that their ' curiosity
¦went to considerable -extent" when they
followed the hunters to their 'stopping
place sit Tawi Tawi and joined them at
their tamp near the beach.
They appeared to be a good-natured
crowd of bnrtvp men after all. They lefa
thtir proas in order to help pitch tents,
and it is not the easiest work in the world ;
for those who are not as used to It as
Uncle Sam's pupils. But they seemed so 1
rearonable, so friendly; and this was ac
cording to the custom of tho Tawi Tawi'
Ing trip to Tawi Tawi and the end of the
Btory was that two wounded men and two
dead ones were carrk-<l back to headquar
ters at Eongao by the one other of the
party.
It is a hideous Btory — one of the ugliesv
pages of all our Philippine war's ugly .
history. It is not a story of battle' field
bravery, but of treachery and favage
\.r.urder. It was Buch a death as no
mother's f=on of them -would, in civilized
warfare, ever be railed -Jpon to die.
The report of the whole affair comes
from Captain Sidney A. Cloman, in
charge of Company H. and from Corporal
Mygatt of the same company. It begins
with a peven days' leave of abser.ee and
ends with ten dea<1 murderers.
On the 2">tb of laM January five mi-n of
Ciomari's company ohttjined a week's
leave sr.d set sail from Bongao, where
tholr poFt tvas. for Tawi Tawi. where the
KfabotteC !p C«od. They dared do this and
felt r.o fe3r. because others had been be
fore thrm and had found friendly natives
who took mttcb interest in the American
HUNTING EXPEDITION THAT
BROUGHT DEATH AND 5
DISASTER TO AMERICAN
LADS BUT SUMMARY
VENGEANCE OH MURDEROUS
AND TREACHEROUS' NATIVES.
CORPORAL. MYGATT halted and
grew very cold. The night of the
woods was rombg on, but there
was enough light for him to see a
horrid FiKht. Greathouse. a private
In Company H of the Twenty-third In
fantry, was the man before him; but—
Greathouse was carrying his gun oddly
—holding it out with one hand as if It
were a baton. And his head—
Mygatt turned sick and for a moment
he could not look. Then he went to
Greathou?e and helped him, for they were
brother FoMiers,
Afterward he !ram«5 that all that Mrcd
the private"? head being severed from the
body was that the parang belonging to
the Filipino a*Fass=!n was badly nicked
and dulk-<1. Five of our strapping young
>rnprjrs(ri soldiers had cone for a hunt-
and his ways with the gun.
The men of- Tawi TdVi had
vlsitod our post !n Bongao in
return and had made ' polity
.remarks to the Twenty-third
by means of interpreting
Moros. ! So the hunting trip of
January promised oniy pleas-;
ure.
It was nearly dark on Sun- j
"It was nearly dark on Sun-.
day evening when two "proas
wrre sofu coming toward the
lorely little Island where our
boys first pitched camp. Dark
ness plunged- in quickly after,
the boats were* 'sighted.- amir
nothing more was thought of .
them until next' mornln*.
F'ight or the Murderers.
people, who had always been . -neighborly. y
. It ,was warm, and the .soldiers loafed
with the natives near by.* The /afternoon
dragged out 'in - soMier stbrtes and a* song
or two and much warm laziness.'. The" ter
brown men squatted near by- and talkec
In low, unknown words and eyed ' the
Americans' with,- their ' crafty, '"beas:
glances, ; but "nobody : guessed that thej
meant .harm. Why should they befsiis
pcctel? The American soldier Is an open
hearted fellow; as every one of us- knows
and because '.his way of lighting: is :thi
honest way he.is. not quick to suspect an
other of treachery... And other, natives o
the island had. been kind. : ; :;. f .-Vi>t':
THE FIGHT IN THE TENT
: . .It: was 6 o'clock' when a .whiet game was;'
;..arted-.> j Somebody; hart-to I be, left out ' of
game, .and' th'at 'somebody^happenjad
.4) be'-GorpbraliMygatt; who?lcf.t,.the- ;l tent
¦: jj'd /went.^off * to "the beach? for ta 'swim:
' , iergeant;.Egbert\de Wolfe v iafid^ the^pri-;
¦ at'e^,*' We biter . Gibbons,"; William -
'rind'John* Greathouse,',rnade up the^game."
. 'A" shuffle, .a; cut, a, deal and- all's, weli.
The four men-were;seated;on/the--ground ¦
Inside the'tent .'"'ami' the'-.' cards
rdownV on;"th».' earth' Jiotween-. them and
cpuld ibe»h'card* to fall, for ;the tent- w^s'
still." -A rbw;canigathered 'In, four^hearts
and tlie . ace .took- four, more,' and' then" the
race's ' ; owner forgot himself jfof* the" mo-'
mentvand led hearts' a third times with :
. no purpose in -mind. ','He'was not'. think-,
"ing" of .the/grune. because: ho .was watch-J
*ing one»of -the natives who stood' behind'
i his partner.*; He thought' that, a queer lit-;
tlefglancp of meaning fished. from himitb".
¦ another. ' Butvwhlle he was looking,' some
body's wbrdof wonder called him back' to'
1.1s foolish. play, "and" when he looked
'again the native was watching the board
as, if his., one" qbje.ct was to learn whist. .."
. All ; pf'the TawU Tawi 'men, in fact,
Beemed'fascinatcdv'iby the .game. They
stood in a. group 'around '-the, players, and
"(they' followed' the slip, of the' cards with
vput'ceasing'.,'
i It. was only a few minutes after the
fame had -begun, when Corporal- Mygatt
heard a scream g followed by two shots. .
Then , 'he guessed 1 ; in part, but ft \ was all
.worse^thaii he guessed. - He left, the". water
andpranras; he, had j never v run i before, and .
..wherlihe^rcached the woods 1 he came, upon
i John Greathouse. . Tho > sight of him -was
' something that' he will, remember after
' lhV;-;ictiires that he knows of. men shot in';
open battle:have grown.dirn: .:'.-_> ; \'.- ,'i i /: v
',{i'he- other ; three ¦ men wore "at the Vent.
,Before;he enteredMt'he had 'm mind. the : ;
; memory" of "'the khaki-clad four", gathered ¦*
¦happily about the cards;' and -of- the dark
' faces, silent and watchful.- above them."
It' was *, very 'different, now. . \'
'¦'.. On^the ground, lay." Webster- Gibbons: .
His death", had ibeeiil a horrible ' ; one. .When
theTnative standing behind : him drew" his
parang there was* a sharp.fight for a few
.moments.'.but it was.1 all "to jno ' purpose*.
Therepbrt'runs in this. wise:', Private Gib
bons" t was'str lick' on" the side of ; ; the . neck i
and iiQad^» making ; a-, hole^ .' through the
skull- five ' inches long,? through v which the "
. brain > oozed. ,^ He; reached' his- ,gun - and^,
fired "n.- shot; but- being virtually, blind and
j staggering,^ it ;was ' without !^ effect, and
-*then , began l"a .terrible struggle . : for ' his
'- v gun.'.'Private»Gibbons : cbuIfr5do 'no moro
i tharistruggieVbarehanded ;fpr- Its : . posses-'
• sioniv while the^three natives /literally*,
chopped hlm^untll he was , helpless, iwh'en
.'one l\it f them ;got" possession" of;.. the*, gun
aiidrsHbtThim; below; the' heart. :. r ;?'¦/:.:>-;
i" : He > Wolf e. was the ¦ flfst i. victim. ¦;¦- The
'Moro. behind^ him pulled "a
'" parang"!;'-* Norif! ; had .known" that? any -of
. the men .were armed. : The i parang Is not
;.| especially ¦".! different -from* 'a, .butcher's
,-cleayerya^nd > TJ^Woife.idied\instantb-. ; ..
The man behind .Webster Gibbons struck
town ofthe Water Dwellers:
quickly after the first man's stroke. Tho
murderers worked fast. John Oreathouse
-'Kit's. struck in the neck, the parang sever
ing the external carotid artery and ex
posing the internal : artery and spine. Wil
liam Carter made the longest struggle of
any. His assailant's aim was faulty, and
the edge of the parang turned in its stroITe
and only a wound in the neck resulted.
He might have had no further trouble had
he : been -fairly matched, but against ten
murderers, what were his chances? A
second Moro came to' reinforce the first,
and Carter a* blow on 'the head
from!a'heavyroar.'.*'A' queer yellow light
was before his eyes, flickering and 'blind
ing. could. not see or think, but In
stinct'taught him -Jo reach for his gun. A
soldier "does that ¦ unknowingly. Still a
third native joined the fiendish slaughter,
and his parang fell with perfect aim , and
fair strength, striking Into the back.' His
spine was 'injured.' •
Still hekeptup^the flght. , Half con
scious toe ran as much as twenty yards to
get on ax, and the handy that seizetl.it
were stiff "and. stalr.ed. ' but they held *'it
tight. He gathered up nil his strength to
ttrike. with; the ax»;but when* he turned,
the men were making off. and he 'dropped
the > ax and staggered - back . against the ,
ten£j-;7.- .. v'V.'-"" ;
It 'was S o'clock next , morning when
Mygatt"" reached ' Bongao '.with '? his burden.
Two .lonely burjals^took place near the
post on the same' day, and then Coleman>
made* ready to find the murderers.
'i-It.Ms- a short: story .of revenge.. ¦ Datto
Fanton and Datto Sakilan led the faithful
Mores who helped to trackdown the ten.
Forty-flye ; men In all made, up the party.
They i reached BHimbinff the next after
noon."'* .There-: they had -the villagers as
sembled and questioning began.
'/.The * chief s professed ignorance. They
were astonished to hear of the slaughter;
they, could not Imagine who the assassins
had been. "If you cannot inform me who
'they;,were hy 8 to-morrow morning.ybur
town, will be burned,". wa3 Cloman's short
announcement. / . - : : -C
The result was plenty of talking, plenty
of tale-bearing, an'd'in the end discovery.
The ten men were; prisoners.
The story of their death is told in Cap
tain Cloman's report. • "One of the mur
derers was then;*ent ¦with a'party to «r«t
some weapons," |ie writes, "and thefOther
nine were sent with a guard to get wood
and water for cooking purposes. In a
short time I heard some firing 1 . I sent a
detail to investigate this, and they re
turned with the news that soon after
leaving tho fort^ the prisoners had made
' an ill-advised attempt to escape, but for
tunr.tely had all been 1 killed. I sent the
hospital steward, who had accompanied
the expedition, to treat the wounded, if
any. but ' they ' were all dead when ha
reached the spot. Soon afterward tho
other party of soldiers and lloros . re
turned with the news'. th:;t the murderer
in their charge had also been killed while
attempting to escape." '
Corporal Mygatt wrote the story of the
-killing. "Take them out to work. We
need wood for our fire. Do not let them
escape." These were the captain's or
ders^
But the wood was lying cut and piled.
The" prisoners were led to it, and there.
, huddled in miserable fright, the bullets
of Uncle Sam's soldiers pelted down upon
I them.
. "Xot one was left alive," runs the re
port.
Queen Victoria's Crowns.
Queen Victoria has three crowns, none
of which is used except on extraordinary
occasion*, ihe crown which she wore In
the " last . grand reception weighs elsht
ounces. It Is of pure gold and set with
2673 diamonds and with 532 rubies. Tho
other two . crowns are simple bands o£
gold, each set with gorgeous jewels. It la
one of these latter crowns which la worn
when the Queen opens Parliament. .When
she appears in the House of Lords tho
large crown is taken from its place among
the crown Jewels in the Tower of London
and borne - a velvet cushion ahead of
the Queen.
The Dead. Soldiers Avenged.
THE
MASSACRE
OF
TAWI-TAWIIn Geneva there i* an electrical post
man, or at least a substitute for the post
man. In hjsh houses letters rightly
dropped into the box provided ring an
electric bell on the floor to which they
are going and actuate an automatic hy
draulic lift, which carries the letter up to
the floor and descends to be ready for
the next.
ity to do mental work early in the school
session, and then to give this same test
to a different lot of children of approxi
mately equal general maturity and ability
late in the session, tne intlueiffco of prac
tice being thus entirely obviated, the
scholars not having the same sort of wori
twice. In order to save the results from
being vitiated by differences in the gen
eral ability of the students, four differ
ent tests were used, and the pupils who
had two of these tests* early had the other
two late, and vice versa
The movements made in Ixmdon in the
lajBt century for the Chinese market are
recognizable at once by the peculiar pat
tern cf the bridge ornament. It is said
that a Chinaman who could afford to
carry a watch at all carried two— to be
* check on eech other. This bridge, upon
vMc h the watchmaker exhausted himself
The bridRe of a watch is the metal plate
at the back of Uv works which covers
and receives the axle, jeweled or other
wise, of the balance wheel. In the oiil
hand-made watches th«- plate was exquis
itely wrought and appears to view when
the bra*s <ap is removed ' which covers
the movement under the various outer
ca*cs. It is estimated that one-third of
the labor of" making a watch of the early
period was expended on the bridge. No
two band-made bridges ar* ever alike.
Koce cf the old watches contains a date,
and until the Knglish law of 1740 it was
not compulsory for the I^ondon maker to
affix his name or the number of the
watch.
Two thousand watch movements. 2000
detached bridges. ]<J0 old wak-ho*. These
are approximate riguns for the collection,
not yet clasFifi<*l and numbered, of Cal
vin Rao Smith, professor of drawing in
the College of the City of New York.
All powders, whether black or white or
brown, have niter for their salient ele
ment. Generally it is mixed with sulphur
The compounds commonly usod as ex
plosives arc the mott curious substances
in chemistry. The deep causes of their
action are entirely unknown; that which
if Known relates only to the fact that a
mixture of this and that will produce
a result and that this result will violently
etplode, Underlying and embodied in all
the ful-stanc.'S i« niter. This is a most
singular chemical. It is found in natur«\
ppr^ad ovfr the deserts like borax, mixed
•wilh th<' sands and earths and is lf-eched
from them, crystallized and produced
ir.uch as is borax. The riitrate beds of
Chile and Peru are believed to be the
richest in the worjd, but there are 'iv.~
doubtedly others, many of which have
r.cver been developed. It is easily mad»;
by artificial processes', however, and in
France great plantations are devoted io
it. Th«-si' consist of piles of manure, wood
ashes and lime rubbish, such as broken
plaptrr and the like. The piles are- kept
sheltered from the ra!n, but are watered
occasionally with stabfe runnings. At
the r-nd of three years a cubic loot of
this stuff will yield from four to five
ounces of nitrr.
¦works, explosions may follow each other
In tho tame mill at intervals of only a
month.
It is. however, a curious and regrettable
tact that the care which is so emphatic
ally f-xercised and mt firmly demanded by
th^ owners of the works is often disre
jrnni.-fi by the employes and frequently to
their lack of caution the explosions occur.
The owners have a large property at
Ftake, upon which they generally carry
no Insurance or can get none, ilut tlu
operatives have their lives invested in the
enterprise ami it would seem that" the
Interest of the latter woi:ld be by them
reckon«-d the greatest. Nevertheless the
employes Kometitn.vs do foolish things.
Xothing is *<j strictly and positively pro
hibited upon the premises as smoking.
and jret in an Ea stern mill a man carried
an open bucket of nitroglycerin in his
hand acrpffS a yard smoking In the mean
while a pipe. A rpark fell from trie pipe
Snto the bucket and the man, the bucket,
the building and all else about xeerc
hurled into vtcrnity.
Still, that they are conducted with the
utmost of care there is no questioning.
Hut. withal, the only defense communities
have against them is to have the works
so far removed from habitations that the
inevitable explosions which visit them
will harm none but themselves. •
JOHN.K. BENNETT.
Tie explosion of the Judson mill broke
wedowa in Oakland, but did not harm
Kast Berkeley, fcur miles nearer, for East
lierkeley was protected by a hill, and the
vibrating volume of air pressed over it.
It is- made by spraying ordinary gly
cerin into a vessel of mixed nitric and
sulphuric acid In the proportions before
named. The glycerin instantly combines
with the acids ard floats to the top. It is
skimmed off and washed until all the free
acid is taken, from it, when it is a mer
chantable commodity. All stages and
processes In. the mixing or handling of
this article arc exceedingly dangerous, and.
It- causes more trouble than any other ex
plosive. Because of this Its use woulcij
have been prafticaiiy abandoned had it
not been that a method of using it with
absorbents was found. The lirst of these
was Fuller's earth, but an inprovement
was made upon this by the use of saw
dust, which is consumed in the combus
tion. When guncotton is used as an ab
sorbent instead of sawdust the product is
called blasting gelatin, anil it was
through an explosion of this stuff, trans
piring in the mixing, that the Judson mill
at West Berkeley went up in the latter
part of* IS'jS. A month later the recon
structed mill was destroyed by a detona
?iotf of »iitroglycerin.
with It. 'Ninety tflns of. the stuff were
employed In the work, being transported
a long distance by wason over the rough
est mountain roads, and yet never an ac
cident occurred. The fluid was frozen— a
state very much lessening its liability to
decomposition — and packed in cans coated
within with paraffine. stood upon sponge
and wrapped in air-tight rubber tubine:.
THE frequency with which factories
where explosives are compounded
are destroyed by the detonizing of
the substances manufactured has
been a subject of concern through
out Tho country. Scarcely a fort
r.ight passes but there is published in the
<3a!ly press a horrifying account of the
Mowing up of a powder factory some
where in the I'nitf-d States with its at
tendant devastation of property and de
struction of life. California has for some
time past horn visited by one of these
cataclysms refjularly <arh month, and if
the amount of the loss which has attended
the destruction occasioned by them were
computable the total would present aston
ishing proportions. That these disasters
occur despite the care exercised by the
owners of the factories is also a circum
stance puzzling to those who have no
idea how powder is mads find who think
that In the preparation of any article
grrr.t caution would secure safety against
accidents. It has come to' be accepted
that a mill at which powder Is continu
ously manufactured is certain to be de-
Ftroyed by an explosion. The fatal day
may be dpf^rred, sometimes for lone pe
riods; a? ii#the case of a mill which
recently went to pieces, in which no ex
pWion had occurred in twenty-five years,
and spain as in the case of the Judson
IPccul/ar incidents
Connected
With Some of
the decent
Zjerribie *Disajter&.
cakes It will abacrb33 per cent of its weight
In water, am! while in this state, bdktias
water like a sponge, a fulminating K%o
and a little 'dry primer will touch ii nit
and it will tear with a destructive 'nrv»>
that is equaled by no other explosive, i:
Is the safjst of all explosives, as it can be
carried about like a block of "wood, an I
unless an attempt is made to burn it it la
commonly harmless. It is used prttoct
jpally, however, in the army, because -jj
Its great portableness and its safatv to
'.ransport. There is a point in its nunu
'acture. when it presents great 'lander
..nd linbJlity to accident, and many mill*
have eonfl to pieces because of neglect <>f
, the attendant nt this stacp. This la when
the acid is strong upon the cotton, while
it is in the fluid ami while it is oeing
thrown out by the centrifugal mill. Too
great a jar at this time will set it off or
an exposure to heat, a spark dropping
into it or any other means whereby a
high temperature is communicated to it.
If left atone for a few days after beir.pr
taken from the acid it would be about a-4
3angerou3 a thing to handle as a crosa
rattlesnake, for to move it under such
conditions is attended with the utmost
risk, and yet to let it He is to court al
most certain explosion.*
The most combustible of substances,
however. .'.<* nitrcglycerin. This is now
rarely used in its pure state, though thq
Hoosac in Massachusetts, an excavation
Jx3 feet and five miles long, was bored
interesting SPoints
Cxplained
in {Reference to the
///anufacture
of jfcigk Sxploswcs*
WHY DO THE POWER WORKS CONTINUE TO BLOW UP
THE SUNDAY CALIi,
The work given was a set of multipli
cation examples to bo done in a gXxen
time, a page of prioted matter full oC
misspelled words to be corrected in a
given time, two sets of nonsense sylla
bles to be written" from memory after a
ten-second look at them, and two sets of
K J£? S an<1 ? ne set of simple forms (e. S .
—square, triangle), to be written from
memory in the same way. wrmen Irom
The _ professor found that what differ
ence there wa* between the early and late
7h£ tT£* m , u ™' cf the Ia ««.and from
this the natural deduction is that the
"I^ntal work of the school day does not
produce any marked decrease »n the abi'.\
fe tO d ? fu , rth . er w ork. Taking tolethV
the work of all the children tested Pro
i^?S°JL Thorndjrke finds that those who
tad the test late made a sllehtlv hirhir
average than those who had It early.
j
2
—two parts of sulphur to one of niter.
This, with charcoal, constitutes black
gunpowder. Make each of the chemicals
into an acid and you have the basis for
all the higher explosives. Guncotton.
nitrtt*clycf rin. dynamite, blasting gelatin,
the lulminate of mercury, all these de
pend for i heir explosive power upon niter
and sulphur.
In the manufacture of all of these sev
eral substances explosions ore to
occur at every step of. th«-> process. . In
the making of black powder, for instance,
the niter is triturated separately from the
sulphur, as is also the charcoal. 1 So long
as they are kept apart th»re is no danger.
The niter does not ignite as readily as
the sulphur, and when it does it requires
the continuous presence of fire to compel
it to burn. It burns with a brilliant,
scintillating flame, going up with a sort
of spitting and sputter, like salt thrown
vti a. rej-noi prove. Tho nu.p..ur fuses,
melts, "throws out a mass of blue fumes;
then ignites into a yellow flame and curia
boldly upward, Jt is not until the two
chemicals unite, and the charcoal enters
to separate their atoms, that the danger
ri ally begins.
The process of powder-making is a mat
tor of mixing, and in the early stages of.
this mixing i danger lurks in the use of
charcoal which has been too recently
burnt. The, woods of which charcoal used
in powder-making are made arc alder,
dogwood and willow. TTscd directly after
burning, charcoal from these woods ab
sorbs oxygon from the air and so ¦¦ pro
duces, spontaneous combustion. , Many
mills went into dust before this fact was
understood, and the makers were taught
in the school of catastrophe to let their
charcoal 'Ac a month or, more a'fter burn
ing and before using.
The ingredients are mixed in a barrel,
turning smootniy around and containing
a number- of bronze balls, which, by tho
agitation, grind the substances, and ;ifter
six or seven hours' stirring, during which'
the mass is moistened to prevent rising
of the temperature, it is turned into a
mortar, upon which two wheels revolve
Upon either end of an axle, supported by
a barjn the center. The axle turn3 around
And the wheels work over the circular,
disk, running with their broad tires over
the charge until it is mixed in thoroughly.
Notwithstanding this powder is wet, ex
plosions have -often taken place at this,
point. du.i to a rise in temperature. The
'mortars, are provided with tanks filled
vwith water sitting above them and when
'the slightest lift, of. an explosion occurs
jit is arranged that the flood shall fall into
the mortar, and the charge he "drowned."
/v. hereby the explosion shall at least be
from communicating itself to
'other stoves in the building.
) When tho charge is taken from the mor
tar is jammed into a box and subjected
(to a terrific squeeze in- a .hydraulic press,
the compression being 423 pounds' to the
'fquato . inch.' There- have been times
.when the bnx in which this charge is con
lined blow out at tho side. and the plun
¦ ger, of. tho press went up through the roof
along with the man who operated: it all.
• caused by the oxidation of the charge
through high temperature. But if the
'mass g<?ts out of this box it is spread out
, and dried, then broken ' up on what: is
called a corning mill,, and finally, screen
icd.by which means the various size
grains of powder are separated. Follow
ingf this! the powder ot\ one mesh "is: put
into a barrel and turned rapidly in a pro
cess called glazing. A little powdered
plumbago is added and the grains . rub
bing, upon each other soon produce upon i
themselves a polish : which renders the
mass' brighter looking and preserves the '
grains from falling to dust in transp6rta-(
tion. yjn this giaziurr apparatus tne pow
der evolves a. very high degree of heat
and explosions are frequent. The ""explo
sion ot the Santa Cruz Powder Works,
which occurred on November 11, 1S90, was
from the glazing mill and it cleaned out
the entire, establishment," cutting "a hole
in the earth twenty feet deep.
The most remarkable of ¦ .suostanos in
the explosive line Is guncotton. It belongs
to the nitrous order of higher explosives,
knowledge of which Is of such - rcocrt
date that prior to 1SG0 nothing was knov/n
of them. The wliole series came into ex
istence between the years 1SC0 and 1S.VJ.
In making guncotton si mixture of two
parts of strong | sulphuric acid with one
part of strong nitric acid is made, and
the cotton, which is ordinarily carded
waste cut into inch bits, is dipped into it.
It is allowed to remain in the solution for
abo'ut .twenty-four hours, when it is re-
moved and placed on a centrifugal mill
and whirled at a thousand revolutions n
minute in order to throw the acid out of
it. From this step on the efiort
is to get the acid out of it. It
is washed for hours through many
waters: it is boiled in steam, reduced to
pulp, put into a paper, machine ant
beaten; this flagellation continuing for
six hours, with water running through it
at all times. In order to further eliminate
th<i acid it is then treated -with alkali and
again washed. As a result of all this
cleansing the stuff does not present to
any chemical test known fhe slightest
traces of *.mc acid;. it is apparently 'sim
ply a mass oi" wet paper macrw* and noth
ing else. AnC yet this stuff will detonate
with the most violent of explosions, more
\iolent than are those of nitroglycerin.
It will Explode with equal violence bo it
wet or dry, warm' or frozen. Pressed into
Professor Edward Thorndyke.. late of
the ' "Western. Reserve University, now in
structor in genetic psychology in the
Teachers' College. New York, has con
ducted a series of interesting experiments
which to prove that the mind does
not succumb reridily to fatigue, but that
in reality it is just as clear and active
after long hours of" work as at v the very
start.
"Mental fatigue," «says the professor,
"may. mean either' the : fact of incompe
tency to do certain mental work, or a feel
ing of incompoteney which parallels the
fact or the feeling or feelings denoted by
qur'eommon expressions 'mentally tired,"
'mentally exhausted.' = My experiments
have led me' to the conclusions, first, that
the^fact of incompetency is not What it
has been supposed to be: second, that
there is no pure feeling of lncompetency
which parallels, it and is its sign; that
consequently.. tho. mental. states ordinarily
designated by the' phraaea mentioned . are
not states made up of such a feeling'-ot"
incompetency, j but are very complex af
fairs; and third, that, these mental states
are in no sense parallels or measures of
the decrease in ability to do mental work.
My experiments show. in certain individ
uals no decrease in amount, Jpeed or ac-
EXPERIMENTS
IN MENTAL
FATIGUE.
curacy of work in the evenings of days
of hard mental work over mornings, or
in periods immediately following pro
longed mental work over periods preced
ing it."
Professor Thcrndyke has experimented
with himself and with other mind work
ers by working out- mental problems, both
when the mind had .been at rest and
after protracted labor, and he finds that
the mind acts equally well under both
conditions. But the most interesting de
ductions are those which the professor
has drawn from a series of experiments
made at various times upon several nun.
dred school children. The object of these
was to ascertain whether the work of a
school session' fatigues the students men
tally and makes them really less able to
do mental work than they were at its
commencement. . ..
The method "was to give to pupils a cer
tain test Which would measure their abil-
A COLLECTOR
OF WATCH
MOVEMENTS.
in ornamentation, is the key to the period
to which the watch belonged.
llti was customary' to: engrave a head,
sometimes at the ; upper but jnore often at
the lower edge of the bridge. In, the earli
est watches it was a^female head; after
ward It Ti-as the head of a lion or. some
times of an eagle. By and by the popu
lar «hcro '.of the day began to be handed
down to* posterity on the bridges of the
watches. ]n Mr. Smith's collection we
find portraits of such distinguished peo
ple as Major Andre, George III, Toussaint
l'Ouvertur<\ George IV. Lord Chatham,
Admiral Nelsen and Lord North,
At the time when the tulip craze in
vaded England from HoIIdnd. the conven
tional tulip appears in the bridges and
pillars of the watches of the day.
It is an axlcm of the collector that the
modern watchmaker is densely ignorant
of the mechanism ' and value of an old
watch. One of the finest movements in
Mr.' Smith's collection chimes the hours,
the quarters and tho minutes. The 'hell is
a coil of steel .encircling the works, which
at the tima Mr. Smith" discovered it th£
jeweler was about to take off and -throw
away. Among, all the watchmakers of
New York there are only three or, four
experts in old. movements who could re
pair a London or Nuremberg watch of a
hundred years agft.:
Most of the old movement? were. cased
in silver. Only dukesand princes aspired
to gold. The jewelers nowadays buy these
queer old .birllseycs over the counter for
the value of the, cases, and except, in a
few rare instances the latter go promptly
into the melting pot. Occasionally a. case
made of tortoise shell, or coveted, with
sharkskin, or made' of an alloy called,
pinchbeck, saves a fine, old- timekeeper
from destruction. * '].'¦- " '.<
The oldest watch of the collection was
made about 1690 by Thomas Toraplon, who'
died in 1730, such a famous ornftsman'thnC,
his remains were entombed in "\Vestmin-_
ster Abbey. Tomplon is ¦.called the "Fa-"
ther of English Watchmakers,", and. side
by side with 'him in the famous abbey!
lies George Graham, another illustrious
watchmaker. This; old timepiece has but I
one hand, the dial" being spaced only in*
hours and -quarter hours. ¦ «VTaJt. In apparent rabtnlsslon the as
saulted man throws up his hand3. In
case the footpad eomm;'r.r!s him to drop
his cane it has to be done, and the cano
Is of r.o further use. but viiih a quick
blow of the lef; hand the assaulted man
strikes the right wrist ot the fcotpad.
disarming him. and simultaneously deliv
ers a dextrous kick in the stomach, as
shown Irs No. 2. That settles it tempor
arily.
There is another method by which the
footpad may be surprised and disarmed.
At the moment of apparent submission
the assaulted man swinEs his body quick
ly to the rtcht. deftly gmrrpr.tirf cane and
ducking tow thrusts the cr-ne sharply into
th*» pit of his assailant's fftotnacb. the re
sult of which can be irrsazined.
This Is how it comes that the revolver
lies on the ground and th» footpad ap
pears somewhat emb^rrasjcd. Professor
Tronchet has no idea of putting him at
his ease.
There are few who cannot recall th«
PROPER THING
TO DO WHEN
YOU ARE
HELD UP.
is dor.e
THRO^V up your hands!"
Thopp f 0Ur words, with th? aceom
pan'.mcr.t of a startling pistol barrel
perspective. sn<i romine muffled
frcm underneath a mysterious mask— how
frsupht with rr.caning they are— how woll
calculated to cause each individual hair
of oiif'f hrad to rise up and stand inde
peaflently on end. Just what one should
co at that thrilling moment is a matter of
various conjecture, each method pre
frribe<j (JifTering wide!;,- from what usually
Since the beginning of footpad history
there have been methods— ar.d methods.
Vou •won't have to remember back very
many years to recall Uie sandbag fashion
«rbea thefe who prowled bv night asd laid
e way other people's hard earne.J shekels
£s a r^-sjlt. carried ih» sandbag Instead of
the revolver. They were puc*> rad form
es to leave ur.c?n«cious victims sprawled
aero?? curbstone?: or upen coming>to a
victim might find that he ha.i been
dumped In a field of tar weed, and even
pp.w:!r.r- v niiicint tr.ke off the tar.
The footpad of this century is more gen-
f^">tpa;1 need have no terrors fur the man
provided with courage and a cane, if be
knows how to use both.
The cane is a weapon which every citi
zen is entitled to carry Irrespective of li
cense, and it can be made a very effective
«ne. Professor Tronchet here illustrates
n ff\v of the slmpier movements and folia
vrHoh with little practice can b*» made use
of to the disadvantage of Mr. Footpad by
nny man of average strength and adroit
11CP55.
The first requirement Is to be held up.
Any moonless nieht nfter the city HchtR
go out will answer the purpose. "Hands
vpl" A revolver. A masked face. These
are the preliminaries.
Watch the pictures. You will see that
nt the Olyr-.^Ie ,Club. to teach th<* com
plete defense that lies in a cane.
All every i?a>". or rather every nlffht
r anr. miiui. . tie Is not c&nvsssing for
any patent con.bination that makeswalk
ing stick pretensions, while it secretes a
sensation of receiving a blow on that
supersensitive bone oi the anatomy— the
fehin. In N<>. 4 the mar. ducks quickly,
bringing down forcefullv his cane in the
right hand, delivering an excruciating cut
across the aforesaid bone. If you ever
groped through a dark rocrn to find the
matches you rr.ay have come against an
unexpected chair, and if so yc>u may hav«
forae i.it-.i of how it fet-ls to be a. footpad
"up against" the professor.
The simple Mow o:i the wrist Is a3 ef
fective as ;tny b!o.v can b<: A risrht swtng
nf the body tavi a quick, strong blow
across the v.-ri?f with tho cane causes th»
footpad's h.and !o insiantly relinquish th<»
weapon and l?a.' es an opening for an at
tack with the advantage in favor of the
peaceful honiegoin? citizen. However, he
la not quite ready f<»r the h'>m«>s;oir.g yet.
He prrferr: to see hS^ footpad eutin? hum
ble pie first.
In ca«e this wrist h!ov- is not practicable
a .blow with the head wurka wonders.
You notice a sudden duck under the up
raised hand of tho footpad, the assaulted
man tlirustinsr his head violently in th«
stomach of his assailant, at the same
time catching him with both hand3 undpr
the knees. This is most unsatisfactory
for th"» man rvuh th*- revolver, as he antii
him^^lf aimlr.fj at em^iy air an«l tn*r» *a
nothing that makes n man more helplesa
than t<> foci his feet pulled out iTCzn
under him. This H forcibly illustrated by
the other tv.o positions. Hs-lplcsa indeed
nnd the tables successfully turned. With,
the v.-oul'1-be'rob'.jer thrnwn to the srrounrl
it is easy to take possession of hi3 re
volver, and then let him held u;» his own
l~ands to try how it feel?. Or chok>» him
i* you like. It is u very satisfactory
cHmax. Ai.«1 you have the dononem^nt
in your own hands t'» develop as you like.
Sermonize on the evil of his ways and let
h'm go it you arc on« kind of a man: take
to your heels if you are another; best of
all. call the police.
Professor Tronchct has many more
swiners and thrusts and tilts of the simple
walking can* wherewith to biing the foot
pad to confusion, but the more difBfstt
ones would require much practice ar.d a
close perusal of the ru'es set down !n
some pamphlet on fencinc The move
ments frtven above, so gays the professor,
ore simple nnd can be easily understood
and mastered hy any on?. A steady nerve,
a cool. head and quick action are the thre»»
renuisitfs — riven the walking cane and
the atility to use it properly. Should the
cane become :i popular weapon of de
fence against f not pad*, and according to
Professor Tronchet there is no rertson
why it should not. it will be necessary
uemanij-. He leaves ycu your conscJous
neFS in a most considerate way, so that
you have a chance to put in a word for
yourself. Siiir-o this style of robbery came
Into vofrue. Ri.inv ha.va Wen tha ways
proposed to ceal with , it. Concealed
weapons of various kinds have been rec
ommended, to say nothing of moral sua
sion- and hatpins. It has remained, for
Professor Tronchet. instructor of fencing
stiletto, a revolver ana a buttonhook. . The
old hickory stick that your '49er brought
from the. Eastern farm Is good; and your
gold-headed monogrammed stick Is good
too. - ProresBon Tronchet - says that • the
Profeanor TronOet floes Indeed hold up
his hand? and that In the light one Is the
weapon of his choice. A very well-be
haved victim the footpad must think him
from his prompt, wililnzness to oblisc.
for the footpad who wishes to t>e success
ful In his chosen profession to take to the
art of fencing. Otherwise he will find It
pleasanter to earn his own living than to
depend upon others to earn It for hlm-
T A regard to what one should
jf do when held up by footpads.
I Have no hesitancy in saving
that one shoida :isc anx means
zi'ithin Jus power to protect Jum
sclf. An\ injury he might inflict
vpon his assailant, even to the tak
ing of life, would be perfectly jus
tifiable, as the person accosted has
no means of Knowing or anticipat
ing the intentions of the assailant;
it is a pitting of a life against a
life, and one should not hesitate to
moke use of the most drastic 'means
at his command to defend himself.
If the person accosted is pro
vided with a pistol, or like weapon,
\" should not hesitate to shoot, and
fatally, if it so y happens. T/icse
CHIEF SULLIVAN SAYS TO SHOW
NO MERCY.
In my opinion, a fczu instances
of prompt action of this hind would
act as an effective check upon the
upon suspicious actions, but wlicn
certain that the suspected person
means injury he should protect
himself in the most effective man
ner that circumstances will permit.
footpads should be shown no
Of course one should be sure that
he is not injuring an innocent per
son, and should not shoot ni-.rclx
THE SUNDAY CALX,.
PROTECT YOUR
POCKET BOOK
AND SAVE
YOUR LIFE.
3The book Is very original, and must cer
tainly be called a success If originality,
humor and startling Incidents are all that
are demanded. (Laird & Lee, Chicago.
PrlCe $1)
"Domestic Blunders of Women."
During one of the last experiments she
pulls off the disk which the scientist has
always worn and he Is instantly killed.
She and her lover are then left entirely
alone after the last fatality, which is a
violet flame that puts an end to all things.
They begin life anew as a modern Adam
and. Eve, and. let us trust, without meet-
Ing with, the trials of their prototypes.
She and the h?ro frequently witness the
experiments of the scientist, who discloses
to her some of his secrets. These she puts
to good use, for it is his determination to
exterminate the entire race, but she par
tially frustrates his plans. She learns that
a metallic disk that he wears is alone able
to resist the power of the forces) he us<-3
in his destructive work. She ami the hero
secure two of these, a'.d by wearing them
they pass through tl rilling experiences,
witnessing little by lit le the depopulation
of the universe.
"The Vi.-.let Flame." v/hich is written
and illustrated by Fred T.'Jane, an Eng
lishman, is certainly novel in it-* ideas and
drawings. It Is a -wc!rd narrative, which
dea!s; with the supernatural experiments
of a little Anslo-French scientist, whose
laboratory Is in London. lie becomes in
terested in the heroine, the daughter of a
Chicago millionaire, who is presumably
weir bred, but whose dialect is more com
monly found in English novels than in a
typical American home.
"The Violet Flame."
aow some of the clergy thoughtlessly lav
ish time »and affection upon these pious
plutocrats while the more. faithful are fre
quently neglected and allowed to slip
away from church influences. While the
book has a religious ilavor. at the same,
time It advances some very strong themes
of morality and philosophy' and through
out its psiges a vein of helpful humor is
found. (Published by the Mershon Co..
New York. Price $1 50.>
Literary Notes.
William Stearns Davis, the. author of
"A Friend of Caesar." Is the grandson of
William A. Stearns, for many years pres
ident of Amherst College. • The writing of
such an ambitious historical novel has
demanded a pretty thoroueh readins in
The stories are varied, but In looking
over them It is quite impossible to find
one that is worth reading. One goes on
from story to story hoping the tone will
become more elevated, but. Indeed, it does
not, and all will arrive at the same ver
dict—the book Is Impossible and will not
find a p&rmanent place on one's shelf.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New York.
Price $1 50.)
Chlmmic Faelden" is so Irresistibly fun.
ny that the not unfrequent approach to
coarseness can be forgiven, but in "Sand
burrs" the tone is so unpleasant that
one Is mystified in finding the book again
before the public.
"Sandburrs."
Robert Hichens, who gained a certain
notoriety by his "Green Carnation," has
published his latest work. "The Slaw."
Tho novel is a very long account of part
of the career of a woman in v.hom a
passion for jewels has killed affection for
her kind. She is completely happy only
when wearing beautiful gems. In order
to indulge her tastes, she ilrst marrie-s
an elderly man. whom she docs not love
and after her husband has died. In order
to recover a^wonderful emerald which
she has possessed, she marries the thief
who stole it. This Is the unpleasant out
line of the story which Mr. Ilichcn has
amplified by the introduction of Ions con
versations held among uninteresting peo
pie and by pages of wordy descriptions
of events whose Importance deserved but
a few lines. Altogether, the book Is not
worth the. length of time which a perusal
of It consumes, especially 1 in this day
when so many novels are published that
one does not have to search far to find
one interesting or instructive. (Published
by Herbert Stono & Co.. New York.
Price {1 o0.>
"The Slave."
membered must be associated In the mind
with something easily remembered. The
a'uthor has arranged simple rules and di
rections which, if studied, are sure* to
gre.itly Increase the helpfulness and use
fulness of the Bible. (Published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Price
$1 50.) .i '_.'-.'-¦¦¦- .
.The title of Mrs. Mannlngton Caffyn's
novel, "The Mlnx.'i is misleading, as the
heroine Is not that type of woman which
the word describes. The minx. Joyce
Anstlss, belongs to that division of the
class of new woman who take so serious
ly their mission to right the wrongs of
the world that in their theories and prac
tice of life the existence of sentiment Is
left out of account. Miss Anstlss Is a
very pretty girl who has been taught to
forego the frU'ollties of life and to fill
her thoughts with schemes for the better-'
ment of the working classes. ; All v the
ardor of her enthusiastic temperament is
expended upon furthering the progressive
movements in the factory town In which
she lives. When she goes to visit her
.aunt she is given for the first time a
chance to lead. the ordinary life of young
-*irls. She is wooed by two men. of whom
"The Minx."
The book is attractively printed and will
prove entertaining to any one Interested
In tho different theories concerning man
and his place in the universe. ("Answers
of the" Ages." by I. K. L.. and I,. C. \V.
Herbert S. Stono Company, New York.
Price 75 cents.) /.
There has been published by tho Her
bert S. Stone Company a little book en
titled "Answers of the Ages.". It Is a
compilation of selections from ellfferent
authors, classic for the. most port, ar-.
ranged under separate heads, and reply
ing to questions which have vexed hu
manity from the dawn of intelligence. 1
The first question. "AVhat Is God?" will
serve as a type of them all. At the end
of tho book are added a few hymns and
prayors. the best which have ' grown out
of the 'different 'religious 'systems.
Some Selections From Philoso
phers.
been tn rorce, or. oeing bo. was set aside
by the fact that Savonarola was permit
ted to celebrate mass Immediately prior
to his execution. Savonarola was a thorn
in the sides of the licentious nobles of his
day. and It was through their influence
and pr*]itical intriguing that the wrath of
the church was brought upon his heaj!.
Had he succeeded in reaching Rome and
been allowed to pleael his own cause he
would most undoubtedly have been tri
umphant. Nevertheless, after reading
Father O' Nell's book the reader must feel
that In spite of the Influence brought
against Savonarola and the brief filed
against him. still he was not excommuni
cated. (Published by Marlier, Callanan &
Co.. Boston.)
In the winter of 1S97 a party of English
explorers discovered a fragment of a
papyrus book written In the second or
third century and hitherto unknown. This
leaf contained parts of seven short sen
tences of Christ, each Introduced by the
words. "Jesus says." - Henry Van Dyke
has taken the fifth sentence, "Raise the
stone and thou shalt find me; cleave the
wood, and there am I," and upon it built
"The Toiling of Felix."
Here is a etranpc sort of philosopher,
and he has written a strange book. He.
tells us that his chief study Is astronomy
«nd his book Is dedicated to James Lick.
His conclusion Is that most of the e\'ils of
civilized men are due to superstition and
the churches. The Man from Mars says:
"The earth is your dominion. Tread firmly
upon It. Hemembcr It has been put Into
your keeping and that your people are
entirely responsible for Its social condi
tion. He who assists to Improve that
serves the Deity better than he who
spenels his life In genuflections and pray
ers." In another' place he says: "There is
perhaps no spectacle upon earth that In
spires more pity among the Inhabitants
of Mars than the. e-onstant waste of your
best parts in submitting yourselves to the
impositions of your peers, who leael you
away from your duties under the theory
that the earth is merely a battleground
and field of conquest for the perpetuation
of their doctrines,, all else upon it belngr
blank vanities." . > >U,
The book Is well written and. despite the
author's hostility to everything In the
way of theology as taught by Roman or
Protestant, contains much which can be
read with interest by persons who delight
in speculations of the kind. (Published by
E. D. Beattle. San Francisco; SI In boards,
50 cents in paper.)
beauty and sublimity or tne surrounainp!«,
he decided to abandon cities and make his
home there. Ho says: "By the liberal
laws of my country I have become pos-
Fes5ed of this attractive spot, and thus
far I have chosen to retain it in its nat
ural state. I came here a young man. 1
am now old. Thirty-five years of my life
have been spent on this elevation, with a
self-banishment from society and without
In. the least abatinK my interest in hurrian
affairs. My communication with the
world Is mostly through books. A weekly
newspaper or two and such other publi
cations ob I may order are left for me in a
hollow tree several miles away by the
district messenger, and thus no important
ewnt or new discovery in the world es
capes me."-
It is a book of. the school : of ;. "Back ' Loc
The classic English employed in it Is
shown in the following extract;
."She knew how to find that secret way,
and fearlessly led my friends, risking her
own safety to save Recco and I."
Such is the construction of a book that
one cannot honestly commend. (Pub
lished by The Whitaker & Ray Company,
San Francisco. Price $L)
"As Talked in tbe Sanctum."
Hon.'Rounsevclle Wildman, familiar to
all Americans as the active and efficient
Consul of the United States at Hongkong,
was a few years ago editor of a promi
nent " and successful monthly magazine
on the Pacific Coast. Out of the collected
threads .of talk in his editorial sanctum
he has woven a mosaic of conversation
which he now presents in a charming and
attractive little volume, to which he gives
the title "As Talked In the Sanctum."
There were many, topics discussed behind
that sanctum door, as the editor "and his
friends— the Contributor, the Poet, . the
Parson, the Reader and the Office Roy
met day' by day to give their .opinion on
men and things, and upon the doings of
the world as they appeared to the "Sen
ate" of the sanctum.: It Is a book that
will be found "amusing, suggestive, philo
sophic and delightfully real. -Politics, lit
erature, manners, personalities and theo
ries all furnish food for debate In this
friendship of the sanctum, which the of
fice boy invariably ; broke into with his
impelling- demand for "proof!". "As Talked
in the Sanctum" possesses at once a.pro
fessional ! flavor and a perpetual charm.
serins to be the work of an amateur,
¦whose library has been well stocked' with
pnix?r-beuiid novels of a brilliant hue.
Never (11 el Aretnusi load Atphcus such a
chase i( as does tho beautiful Percy her
bandit husband. Signor Camlianetti. Her
forced marriage to this villain.. her cs>
capos from him and subsequent recaptures
form a plot which if not artistic Is cer
tainly varied. But one who Is riot able to
follow the characters. with the* rapidity of
a deer woulel better stop at the first chap
tor. Indeed, most' readers will be content
befon; that. i . -,»
. For one who cares for a highly sons.i
tional book, "Percy, or Tho Four Insep
arables." will he delightful reading. For
those who welcome -a book as a friend,
such an acquaintance will be most un
congenial.
"Percy, or the Four Inseparables."
"Percy, or Tho Four Inseparables." by
M. Lee', mlubt have been better had Percy
and the other three inseparables each a
volume to herself: for one book is totally
inadequate for so much material. It
Watson has. not ohcsrn a romantic tlmf
for his scones, nor has he cared to depicl
that Urr.o in its most agreeable llRht. The
hero is much like an ordinary malcontent,
and apart from engaging in the rescue of
a distressed damsel doos little to win thb
sympathy of the reader. (Published by
Harper & Urothers, Xcw York. Ptlco
U30.) .
Dartn« 11. ?! - "bizarre" hrro. is a man
who bellevs that all that Is physical is
base and that or.e'n «tudy is to 'keep us
far as is possible frcm yielding to desire
fcr anything not Intellectual or esthetic.
As a corollary to Dartnell's belief that
pleasure derive^ frcm censuous impres-
Eior.s is evil and so to be foregone follows
the Idea that marriage Khould be only a
tm!on e>f souls and that the physical fas
cinations of a beloved person are to be
[resisted as something inherently evil.
Dortnei] marries a beautiful girl with or
dinary theories concerning the universe.
She finds it impossible to understand the
¦peculiar ideas of her husband. Instead of
being tilled with gratitude at having a
husband with so much soul she is simply
annoyed v.hcn she is brought to a home
from which the lisrht of day has been ex
cluded as something vulgar, and where
her piano Is locked and she Is forbidden
to exercise hvr beautiful voice upon the
plea that her husband objects to the
coarseness of sound. Unhappily, Dartnell
was only human after all, and the con
rtant prcscr.ee of his beautiful wife makes
him so false to his ideals that bo Indulged
"Dartneii. a Bizarre lncider>t "
•«w« «"» "pa enjoyment m me poems
of Davldncn fa tiie pictures of Aubrey
Be-ardslcy will perhaps take pleasure In
n novel by U • .-jamin Swift calh.i "Dart
re!!, a !'.izarro IrcMont." Hut those who
like ,-j!I Lhiocs healthy and normal would
do well to pass the book by. Mr. Swift
l'.ns <lor.« well to call the story bizarre
for it Is most surely that, and most for
ti:?i;:i<-!y. It is not a matter of regret
that the l:--ro and his way of looking at
things are out of the common. The world
vculd scarcely hr improved by the prts
«nro cf a multiplicity of men who look
upon marrlape :)i>d love as Dartnell does.
Mr. Swift does not say that his hero was
conceived in a spirit of fun. yet it is diffi
cuH for a person of normal tastes to be-
Ubeve that Dsrtnell !s to be accepted as a
Fcrious work of fiction and criticized as
*?T se<ms little short cf a miracle that a
person bcrn deaf and blind should not
J| only learn to bold fluent communica
tion with her follow men and women
liut ';r.ouM acquire sufficient knowledge
to pas* difTicuIt examinations fcr entrance
to nadcliffe College ar.d in addition re
«<-ive credit in nOvr.r.ccd Latir.: and yet
this i«= what Helen Adairs Keller has ac
onr.iplirhi d. Much hus been written about
SUss Keller nnd her name and work nre
probably familiar to all readers, but lit
tle !:.T6 appfarcd from really authentic
fourees— frnm the teachers who have
worked with and watched ibe develop
ment and evolution of her mind. The
book. "Helen Kellt-r Souvenir." published
by the Volta Bureau of Washington City,
cn institution for the increase and dif
lUFiori of knowledge relating to the deaf,
will tlierrfcre be cacerly r^ad by thos<?
who have foiloivcd the life cf this younn
pirl and her remarkable and successful
<ffer«5 to overcome the unkindness of da
tura and become like ether people. Deaf,
dumb nnd b!;nd. she has already acc^m
plipr-fd more than thousand* of her
brothers ard sistfT3 of this world have
l«vn aVIe to do. Slie has acquired an un
d^rstandiiig of English. Gorman and
F*rencb. and r» ko^c! general education in
litrrmure and ihe classics.
The "Hokn Keller Souvenir" is a com
ptlatloc of authentic data rhowhig the
method? of instruction employed in this
icir.as'kablc ca^e. and i:< a scrips of mono
prarhs by her Instructors and 'advisers.
It is briof. ».«ui it is to the point and will
te most gratefully received" by tb'e toach
crs of tin- deaf «nd dumb as we-1 ris by
the STiioral r«a<ii-r. who lius probably
ira<l much Jr. u doubting vein of the phe
nomenal accompiirhirrr.tK of this young
Wrotcan and will be uUiA to s<t a rational.
connected :tn<l authentic aroount of the
work the r.n<! l:<r Touchers ha\e done.
The- volumi contains articles by A. Gra
ham run on rMethod of Instruction Pur
bucd With Helen Koll-r OW" ; Annie M.
hHiilivari. ""ir.srtructioii of Helen Keller
<I V ?1»": Arthur Oilman. "First Year of
Colic?? Preparatory Work (1SP7)"; Mertcn
H. K<ith. "Final Prt-naration for Col
lcsrc"; Helen A. .Keller. "Chronological
StnTerr.cm of Studies.** John Hltz. the
t urorinteQcient cf the Volta IJureau, has
contributed the preface.
Much credit Is due Miss Keller's teach
rre. and especially to Miss Annie Sulli
van, who has been eyes and tars for her
in h^r Ftru^prle for light, and as Miss Kel
ler herself says. "Bcems more like a part
of myself than a teacher." Helen Keller
has bocn ohHced to acquire all her know:
*i".pe ot the outsMe world and all her edu
cation through the .sense cf touch alone
r.r.d has received all her Impre*.-
tbroncb the patient hand of her devoted
teacher. M!s= Sullivan's paper explaln
5^?r the methods of this instruction is
jncs: Ir'^rpFting. for it must be rcmem
bered that, as her leaehfr says: "Helen
Keller :s neither a *phenome=nal child.' 'an
intcJIfctual prodij^y* nor 'an extraordi
nary peniu?.' but sinnly a very bright
end lovely ch'.id. urmarred by self-cor.-
FCioijpr<r?s or .'iny taint of evil." Helen
has had <;no advantage over ordinary'
ch!!dror: — .-.I'.houch rather a sad one —
nothing from without has distracted rcr #
:'.t;er.*it;n" frcm the lessons her tcachefi
v.-i.=h«<l to convey, so ber powers of con
centration havp been developed to an ex
traordinary decree and her sense of touch
Is little short of mirceulous. "So delicate
ly has this sense been developed that sh*
1« nfcie. !>>• placing her hand on the throat
«f a to determine the pitch of the
inv.f- he is Finpincr. and can even produce
a j,:*< h of the same tene with her own
voice.
A few words from Miss Sullivan's pa
jier BrtH suffice to show the careful and
r>a;nsj.-ikinpr system applied to the educa
tion of one that to the normal being pos
fjessed of ail his sen?cs would seem a
hopeless task, nr.d will rive to the reader
an ;<l:a a!s~-o of tho joy that came to this
little Ectsl Imprisoned In darkness when
Fhf fnund the thread connecting la:igauge
a**d thomrlit*
"•Helen bad been taken to the pump-
JinDfc to ftcl the water as it gushed, cool
and fr«:sh. from the pump, and while she
**>~as enjoying the pleasant sensation. I
}-•;¦'•¦'' '' the word 'water' in her hand, and
Instantly the sfcrct of laTipuaprs was re
v<-a!cd to her. In her story, speakinp of
this incident. Helen peys: 'That word,
rreatj'.ng water, startled my soul, ar.d it
iwcke fu'.l of the spirit of the morning,
full of joyous, r-xultant sxmp. Until that
day my mind h:iO he?n like a darkened
charrlxT. waiting for words to enter, and
Ifrht the lamp, which is thought.' From
that day to this she lias pone forward,
from hour to hour, from clay to day
never falling back, her prepress a perfect
Joy to herself and a d?Iicht to all trhc
have opportunity to observe her.
"LanfTiiage grows out of life, out of its
roeas and its e-xperlenccs. its joys and
sorrows, its e^rrams and realities. At firs'
ir,y little piipTe c:ir.d was all but vaoar.t.
Up to th* time when I began to teacl'
her she had no mc.-ms of registering on
its l>!y:;U prices her childish Impressions
and observations. She hni been living ;n
a v.nrld that s'.ie could not realize. l«an
puace and knowledge are like Siamese
twins- — they nro in<lissolubly connected:
they are Interdependent-! Good work in
"artdiage presupposes aii<1 necessitates a
real knowledge of things. As soon as my
little pupil prr;ispe>d the idea that everr
thir.R had a name and that by means of
ttio manual alphabet those names could
'•e transmitted f r >m one to another I pro
ciitAcA to awaken her further interest in
the objects whose j:atne-s she learned to
*peU with such evident joy.. I never
tSIJSbt laaffoaKC for the purpose of teach
ing it: but invariably used language as
a medium for the communication of
thought, thus ihr> learning of language
tra» coincident with the acquisition of
Isnov.ifdi-'o. In order to use language in
telllgcctly one must have something to
ta'k about. r.n>l having something to talk
ji!joth is the result of poneral culture; no
-nmouiit of liMipu.-tse trainiiiR will cnab'e
our little children to use language wi?ii
ccse and fluency unless they have- some
thirs clearly in their minds which they
visli to communicate or- unless we euc
oc»-<] In av.akeninjr in Jii<»m u desire to
know what :* In the mind:s of others."
The author tolls us in his preface that
he lives upon a plateau of a California
mountain; that he entered the region and
became a settlor by a fortuitous event.
While huntinsr in the wilderness he
reached the place late In the afternoon
and made his carrp. Charmed with the
Of philosophical romances our languaga
has enough and to spare. Every age has
supplied us with one or more of them
frcm the days when More wrote "L'topia"
down to fur own time, when of the new
1-ooks of the kind it may be said "their
name is legion." Among the later ro
mance's Is a Californian production. "The
Man From Mars— His Morals. Politics and
Religion." by William Simpson. The book
has parsed through two editions and a
third edition, revised nnd enlarged by an
extended profaro and a rhapter on wom2ii
suffrage, ha? now been Issued.
"Tr;2 Man F ron ) Mcrs."
It is difficult to determine just what
prompted the writing of this story. If
Mr. Swift has aimed at creating a char
acter tvho has attained a hlpli degree of
spirituality he has signally Tailed. Dart
no!l. trying lo escape from the influence
cf one passion, falls under the sway of
ethers, so that the reader is loft with the
irr.prcsfion tnat his last state is much
worse thin his first. (Published by Her
bert Stone, Chicago. Price, $1 25.)
"The bock Is a satire on the physical
lias's cf marriage by "a man who had
banHy a physical bnsls himself."
In what Mr. Swift terms a "voluptuous
asceticism." Still he docs his best . M
stifle the passionate leve which- he is
tempted to feel for his tvife and succeeds
*o well that his wife, being' endowed with
ordinary Inclinations and lindlng her love
rr;.ulFed with eoldness. lends a ready ear
to tha flattering fidmiratlon expressed
for her 1:y a .friend cf her husband. When
Dartrcll discovers that his wife and Lord
OJney lovo each other he holds his peace
nr.d gives his wife free rein that he may
1-ave something to forgive— for what r«?a
r-on Is net iraSc p!ain. When his wife's
iT.ir.e is sufficiently compromised Dartnell
obtains a divorce and withdraws Into pri
vacy to complete work on a book which
it must be left for Mr. Swift to describe in
his own felicitous way:
The author further shows that the sen
tence of excommunication could not have
In the present work the author first
gives the full text of the many facts,
briefs and letters in the case and then
devotes himself to a careful considera
tion of the same, making scholarly and
convincing deductions from the proofs as
given. '.
Most writers assert that the famous
apology was written after Savonarola had
received the brief of excommunication,
but Father O'Nell. from apparently well
authenticated sources, proves to the con
trarv, and in addition that after this the
Pope asked for safe escort to Rome for
Savonarola that he might answer the
charges against him. Unfortunately, bo
twfen the Florentine Embassailor and the
Signory of Florence the request was not
complied with, despite the great efforts
of the priest's friends.
"Was Savonarola' Really Excommuni
cated?', is the title of a historical sketch
by Rev. J. L. O'Neil. O. P.. B local Do
minican, who has made a profound study
of his subject and presents this as the
first of a series of three works. The sec
ond volume, which wlil shortly follow,
will be in answer to the question, Was
Savonarola a *'rophet?
"Was Savonaro a Really Excom
municated."
his poem. "The Tolling of Felix." It came
out first in a periodical, and is now col
lected with several shorter selections in
book form. Seven small songs are espe
cially attractive and complete a little book
that holds within it a collection of at
tractive verses. (Published by Charles
Scribuer's Sons. New York. Price fL)
The romance is not particularly Inter
esting cither as history or fiction. Mr.
In "The Rebel" H. B. Marrlot Watson,
the author of "The Princess Xenia." has
written a story of. events nnd personages
interested in the political intrigues which
later give rise to Monmouth's rebellion. .
: The. rebel is the Earl of Clicrwell. who
pursues a very stormy career, engaging
in plots against the succession of James,
Duke of York. At first Oherwell Is led on
•by alove of liberty and by a spirit of dis
content against prevailing conditions for
which his family was conspicuous. Later
the Duke of York gives an impetus to
Cberwell's inachinations against him and
adds personal rancor to impersonal oppo
sition by trying to win the affections of
the woman whom Chcrwell has made his
wife.
"The Rebel.*
Apart from, the heroine there are two
charming women in the book, who share
with her the interest of the reader. The^
different characters are at times given to
the utterance of sententious sayings
too edifying to be altogether pleasing In
a .light navel. Still, on the whole, the
ftory is an agreeable one. (Published by
Frederick A. Stokes Company. New York.
Price $1 50.)
one. a brilliant scientist, appeals to her
Intellectual sympathies, while the other,
who is a happy, ordinary fellow, touches
her sensibilities." The interest of the story
lies in the struggle of Joyce to determine
for which man she cares the more. The
result which follows Is one which usually
attends a conflict waged in a woman's
soul between the demands of the intellect
and the affections.
He has been for nearly ten years en
gaged in collecting data, during which
time ho has visited many different denom
inations in his extensive travels and ha3
made personal observations as to their
reason* for failing to reach the masses;
embodying his experiences and recep
tions in the form of an interesting story,
choosing living characters to represent
the different conditions of church life and
the evile existing through the desire on
the part of its members to bring it down
to the arena of pleasure.
All through the narrative there is car
ried on an animated controversy between
the social and spiritual elements, describ
ing the lack of force and power In spirit
ual life by the encroachment upon it of
social pleasures.
It also shows the abuses made possible
by the power and influence of some of its
rich members who frequently use the
church as .a cloak for the advancement
of their selfish ambitions and designs
and are often made social lions, licensed
to do mostly as they please, because of
their wealth; depicts very truthfully
Mr. Miles, in his book entitled "About
My Father's Busyiess." describes the
church as the "Father's business." in
which there are employed many kinds
tend conditions of men to carry out the
work. : . ,
"About My Fathers Business."
Studies" Introduced into the hurry of pro
fessional life at the busy close of the cen
tury, and the mingling of reflection and
rush is peculiarly American and therefore
attractive. (Lothrop Publishing Company,
Boston. Price $1.)
For those who. have not had a lifelong
familiarity with the Bible contents and
wish to escape some of the distraction
caused by handling a cumbersome con
cordance it is a great advantage to have
In mind a simple index with which chap
ters, passages and languages of texts can
be naturally associated and readily found.
This mental classification is made possible
by a study of this helpful book. Besides
this ease of ready reference it serves to
keep alive a consciousness of the general
nnd particular contents of the entire Bi
ble. The work constitutes a complete
memory system, prepared specially to
help in the remembering and appreciation
of the Bible's contents. The fundamental
principle of all reliable memory systems,
that natural memory depends upon the as
sociation of ideas, has been applied to the
Bible. The practical application of this
idea is that a verse, text, incident, name
or chapter which may not be easily re-
A Mental Index to the Bibla
In the book. "A Mere Man" seta forth.
among other • "blunders of women."
"Women's Ignorance of the Value of
Money." "The Management of Servants."
"The Mistakes of 'the Missus. The
Management of Children." "Misuse of
Kitchen Utensils." "The Love of- Dirt."
"The Purchase of a Chop." "The Waste
of Food." "Feeding of Children." "The
Folly of Flowers and Bric-a-Brae." and
last, but not least. "Things in General."
(Published by Funk & Wagnalls Com
pany, New York. Price $1.)
they will pick out and mark sundr> para
graphs dealing with particular shortcom
ings of the women In their homes, and
will say. "There, my dear, this is the very
thing I have spoken of so often. You see,
1 was right after all. Please try to re
form your habits In this matter."
On the other hand, there are women al
most without number who feel thoroughly
competent to meet and vanquish all the
mere men who may dare to criticize them.
These women will welcome this new at
tack upon their strongholds. If for no
other reason than that they will be af
forded another chance for an easy vic
tory. Th:y will fly to the defense and put
the enemy to rout— If they can.
"Marshfield tht Observer." by Egerton
Castle. Herbert a. Stone & Co.. Chicago.
$1 CO.
"A Short History of Monks and Monas
teries," by Alfred Wesley Wlshart. A.I- \
bert Brandt. Trenton. N. J. J3 50. J
"Our New Prosperity," by Ray StannarJr^
Baker. Doubleday ft McClure Co., New-
York. SI 25.
"Toward Pretoria," by Julian Ralph.
Frederick A. Stokes Company. New York.
$1 50.
"A Christian But a Roman." by Maurua
Jokai. Doubleday & McClure Co.. New
York. GO cents.
"Arden Massiter.V by Dr. William Bar
ry. The Century Company, New York.
{1 CO.
"The Transvaal Trouble." by John Hays
Hammond. The Abbey Press, New York.
25 cents.
"The Electric Automobile — Its Construc
tion. Care and Operation." by C. E. Woods,
E. E.. M. K- Herbert E. Stone & Co..
Chicago. $1 T>.
"Lessens in Nature." by Jenkins Kel
logg. The Whitaker &. Ray Co., San Fran
cisco. $1.
"Dorothy l!ar!n— ." h*- A. W. March
mo::t. Rand. McNally & Co.. Chicago.
"Grammar by the Inductive Method," by
W. C. Doub. A. B. The Whitaker & Ray
Co.. San Francisco. 25 cents.
"Readings From California Poets," se
lected by Edmund. Russell. The Whitaker
& Ray Co.. San Francisco. 25 cents.
"Supplement. to the California State Se
ries History of the United States." from
1SS9 to the present time, by Harr Wagner.
The Whitakcr & Ray Co., San Francisco.
£3. cents.
"Gramma." the autobiography of a cat.
by Dr. John S. Owen. American Pub
lishing Company, Detroit, Mich. Cloth $1,
paper 25 cents.
"The Conquest of Arid America." by
William E. Smythe. Harper & Brothers,
New York. $1 50.
"When We Dead Awaken." a dramatic
epilogue in three act3, by Henrik Ibsen,
translated by William Archer. Herbert S.
Stone & Co., Chicago. $1 25.
"From Sandhill to Pir.e." by Bret Harte.
Houghton. Mifflin & Co.. New York. (1 23.
Books Received.
The Macmillan Company will publish
within the next few weeks seven novels,
some of which are sure to claim a very
wide attention on their appearance. James
Lane Allen's "The Reign of Law; A Story
of 'the Kentucky Hemp Fields." for in
stance, 'and Mrs. Flora Annie Steel's
".Voices in the Night; A Chromatic Fan
tasia," also will be welcome to those who
have read her successful novel, "On tha
Face of the Waters." "A3 the Light
Led." by James Newton Easkett. author
of "At You All's House." la another book
by this novelist of Missouri life. "Tha
Banker and the Bear; A Story of a Cor
ner In Lard." by H. K. Webster, is a stir-^
ring romantic love story which runs its
course through some exciting episodes in
the Chicago Chamber of Commerce. "A
Friend of Caesar" is a historical novel by
William Stearns Davis, who. by the by.
is a grandson of the late President Davis
of Amherst College", and at the early ago
of 21 has written a book In which scholar
ship Is blended with skill as a novel writer
In a rather remarkable way. "A Breaker
of Laws." by W. Pett Bridge, and "Tha
Bennett Twins." by Grace Marguerits
Hurd, complete the list.
"Miss Mary Johnston, the author of 'To
Have and To Hold.* mad.e her first con
tribution in literature In a 'Woman's Edi
tion* of the- Flacastte (Va.> -Herald, got
up for the benefit of the Mount Vernon
building at the World's Fair." says the
Banner of Buchanan. Va., the little vil
lage in the Old Dominion in which Miss
Johnston was born and whore she spent
the first sixteen years of her life. "The
article was one of the best in the paper
and was entitled 'A Glimpse of Royalty."
While Miss Johnston and her father were
abroad they stopped for a time at a re
sort on the Mediterranean coa3t, and
Queen Victoria was also there at the same
time. A very simple yet Interesting ac
count of a chance meeting on the road
with England's Queen was. we suppose.
the first thing that the author of To Have
and To Hold" ever wrote for publication."
The Arst book on California college life
(so far as we know) Is just coming from
the pre*s of Doubleday, Page & Co. This
book, written in part by a nephew of
Eugene Field, is devoted to stories of
Stanford University. This college bein*r
coeducational, the opportunities for a new
kind of college story were very great. Thr»
authors of the book are Charles K. Field
and W. II. Irwin. now of San Francisco.
nnd since the life Is quite different In
California from that of the other
colleges In the United States, and the
skill of tne youn? authors is very un
usual, a real success m:\y be confidently
looked for. The first edition was exhaust
ed before the book was completed and a
second one ia in preparation.
"Concerning: Cats" is a book announced
for early publication by the Lothrop Pub
lishing Company -for Helen M. Wlnslow.
editor of the Clubwoman and widely
known as a club woman and journalist.
The book Is the result of years of loving
study cf the chief household pet. and
deals with the cat in every phase of Its
story- Cats of history, of literature and
art. pet cats, prize cats, fancy cats and
the dear domestic "puss" are all to find a
place In the book, as well as the care and
treatment cf cats in sickness and health.
It may be accepted as a book for the cat
fancier, and this means all who love cats.
The bock la to be profusely illustrated by
photographs of famous cats and the cats
of famous people.
Castle, Robert W. Chambers. Stephen
Qrar.e. S. R. Crockett: Robert S. Hichens.
John Oliver Hobbes. Anthony Hope. Cut
cllfTe Hyne. W. W. Jacobs. Levett-Teata.
Arfreel Kenry Lewis, A. IV. Marchmont.
A. E. W. Mason, JIaK Pemberton. Eliza
beth Robins. II. G. Wells and others.
During the autumn of the present year
and the spring of 1991 the Frederick A.
Stokes Company will publish a new novel
by each of th° foUowIrp distinguished
authors: Robert Earr. Sir Walter Besant.
P. T. Bullen. Bernard Capes,, Egertort
Dr. Weir Mitchell's popular story. "Th»
Adventures nf Francois." has been dra
matized by his son. Langdon Mitchell, in
whose dramatization of "Vanity Fair."'
under the title of "Becky Sharp." Mrs.
Klske has met with great success dur
ing the season now closing- The- new play
will be produced next season. Dr. Mitch
ell ha:-? refused all offers, it is said, for the
right to dramatize "Hugh Wynne."
Little. Iircwn & Co. have Just publlsh-d
"For the Queen in South Africa." by
Caryl Davis Hawkins, a collection of In
teresting short Ptcries. each hnvlng to d.>
with some incident of bravery. The titles
are: "The Fullback Tells the Story";
"The Unrecorded Cros<': "The Winning
of ths Swnr.l-Knof: "At the- Zariba";
"Judse Not.- and "DIood Will Tell."
MeClure'* Magazine fc.r June will con
tain an article by O. Chanute. who ha*
been studying the problem of human
flight for over forty ye-ar*. giving an ac
count of his own inventions and adven
tures in the matter of flying machines.
The article will bo iliii«tr-»ten with pic
tures of actual flight-*, from photographs
Mrs. A. D. T. Whitney win iiriTnediat»:v
publiVh. through Hon~hton. Mifflin & Co..
a little book on "The Integrity of Chr'.s
tiai Science." She points out whaf she
regard? as mistakes in the present te-aeb
4r.p and offers what set-ms to her a much
needed corrective which would secure to
Christian Science greater completeness.
the classics, none too common In thesa
days. The author Is now 23 and is still a.
senior at Harvard. "Ho wrote his work
when he was 21. The Macmillan Com
pany publish it this month.
¦ ¦¦¦¦; .-¦
R. II. Russell announces that he ha*
purchased from M. Eclmond Rostand th~
American copyright of his new play
•TAIglon." and will publish the English
translation in America slmultaneousiv
with the publication of the book in Eng
land and in Paris.
-THE SUNDAY CALL-
Here ia a book which In a peculiar man
ner-will greatly please all kinds of peo
ple. Husbands and brothers who are fond
of criticizing their wives and sisters will
welcome this champion of their cause.
\Vlth satisfaction they will hand this book
to their companions of the "weaker sex"
and advise them to "read, mark and in
wardly diccst" its contents. Very likely
BOOK REVIEWS
4role in man's guise, but the reverse is
rare. From Bemhardt's Hamlet to Van
Dresser's Allan-a-Dale the fair sex ha3
taken gracefully to "a swashing and a
martial outside." But few men have es-
sayea to play a woman's part ana play
It "straight."
¦ » ¦
Magalhoens or Magellan never really
got around the world in 1519. because ha
was killed by Filipinos near Manila. ,
"Isabella, Queen of Spain," is in town for
the first time in a good many years. She
will; appear at the Grand in
• the Interest of Christopher, Columbus. ,
The oddest thing about, this role ;/• ot
Queen Isabella is that a man always plays
It. Edwin Adams is the man this season,
but he Is by no means the mincing/ lan
guishing person known as the ''female
Impersonator." - Probably «no« other man
I tut. Henry Dlxey. baa ever played femalo
parts as Adams does; with the art of the
character artist and with perfect'Imita
tion. Wot caricature.
Adams < is a handsome,: manly man, en
all around athlete and an" especially good
boxer. See the five feet -eight of him In
masculine cheviot and . you would never
guess that in two and a half hours of
elaborate /make-up' he 'could transform
himself Into a dashing, fascinating queen.
.Many* a woman * has _. essayed ] a leading.
uovernraent. Natives, mostly Hotten
tots, live near by m aooriginai fashion.
Another notable place is Otjikango. or
Great Barmen. It is celebrated for its
small group of tall date treea. the stetis
of which were s-jwh several years ago by
missionaries. The truit of these trees is
excellent, though the flavor is slightly in
ferior to that of dates grown in North
Africa. Otjikango is also celebrated for
the numerous fights which took place.
there between Herreros and Hottentots,
and which only ceased recently. The Her
reros are a stately and powerful
people, with, many Rood qualities, as
the German colonists know. They are
unusually intelligent, and forcipners who
look upon them as ignorant savage? very
soon find out their mistake. I,arpe herds
of cattle are owned by them. and. like the
Matabeles. they cherish the animals so
much that they allow them to die of old
ape rather than part with tiiem. Disease
ha? recently played havoc with their
herds, and a? a result even the wealthiest
among- them have become comparatively
poor.
These native? are good workmen, but
they like best to take tare of cattle, nnd
the" colonists use them mostly for this
purpose. Missionaries have long been tfy
inp to make them Christians, but their
labor has not been hitherto very success
ful, nnd the old Idolatrous practices are
still in vogue. The women are not bad
looking, and their dress is remarkable.
WHAT wi'S the Boers da in case they
are ultimately defeated by the Brit
ish? Win tbey remain at home or
will they once more "trek" to some
outlying region? And. if they de
cide to abandon the homes of their
fathTf, whither will they jco?
These are questions which many per
fons throughout the civilized world are
row asking and which are engaging the
attention of some of the foremost states
men Sn Euror-. I>uring the present war
the German nation has l>een showing
much sympathy for the Boers. That then;
will be an exodus of Boers from the
Transvaal in csse cf their ultimate de
feat is the opinion of many who know
this people well, thouerh at the same t:me
the belief is general that this exodus will
Dot be complete^ and will as a rule be
cnrif.r."d to those who have llttfe or noth
ing to lose by deserting the fatherland.
This belief is baFed on the assumption
that the we'.l-io-do Boers, those who have
a etake in the country, will, however re
lurta.r.t;y. submit to British rule, and
that, as the Transvaal is bound to enjoy
rr any rrosperous seasons after the war is
over, they will soon recover the-ir equa
nimity in consequence of the increased
raloe of their land and of the higher
j>ri<-cs which they will receive for their
products.
In the Transvaal, however, there are
many who are not well to do. and there
are some who. even though well to do. are
too stiff-necked to submit to the yoke of
foreigners, and it is almost certain that
these vill pack uv their household poods
find seek "fresh fields and pastures new/J
But where can they find them? If they
go to the n^rth. w«-st or south they will
f.nd themselves confronted by the British
Windhoek, or Windeck. is the capita!,
and it lies between the lands of the Hcr
rero and the Hottentots?. Jan Jonker. a
famous captain of the Hottentots, held It
for some years, but In 1SS9 he was slain
by the soldiers of Hendrik Wibbool and
thereupon the German Government, see
ing its strategical value, took possession
of it. Sturdy colonists soon came from
Germany, many of them scttlinc at Little
Windhoek, about half an hours distance
from the capital: There they tilled tho
ground and. while some failed as farmers,
the majority prospered. Others made
their homes in the capital, which is a
truly imposing: place. It has a strong firt.
furnished with equally strong towers, and
it is also protected by a long and high
wall, which i.« specially fortified at the
four corner.-. To il-.e north are the work
shops, prison, police station, canteen and
residences of the Government officials,
and at some distance is the home of Ma
inr Leutwein. captain general and the
"principal representative of the German
fag. and if they wander to the cast they
win fin«1 that Portugal has as littl» wel
ceme IVr thc.il as <«:eat Britain. \Van<2er
where they will, they cannot find in t> 1 1
South Africa any lordless territory; they
cannot now. as in the old time, "trek" for
a few days and then establish their homes
in an unclaimed country. There is. how
ever, one place In which they will, it is
thought, strive to settle, and that is Ger
man Southwest Africa. An Inviting re
gion it is. and tfepecially to Boers. si:ic° it
is notaMy rich in pasture land. They
vroutd have to cross British Bfhuana
land in order to reach it. but a Journey of
this kind would have no terrors for them.
Yet it is practically certain that they
would not be welcomed in this Teutonic
settlement, and. in order 10 understand
clearly why even amonjr those Germans
they will probably be unable to flml
homes, some account of the colony is nec
essary.
Their distinctive ornaments are two heavy
iron rings, which are worn above the
knees, ai-.d their clothing consists of an
apion, a leather bodice studded with
pieces of ostrich egg shells or with small
knobs carved out of a sweet smelling root,
and a sort of mantle, which is < buttoned
in front. Around the neck and tipper arm
thev wear chains of pearls, and they
adorn thi-ir wrists with bracelets of strong
wire. Most extraordinary, however, is the
headgear which the married women wear.
It consists of a tlshtlj fitting cap. from
which protrude In various directions long,
curiously embroidered ears made of cow
hide. High above the head they rear
themselves, to the unbounded astonish
ment of the traveler who sees them for
the lirst time.
There are also Bushmen in this region,
nnd as a rule Jh«'ir only elothinp is some
thing like a bathing towel, made -of a
Jackal's skin. Only elderly persons who
have money wear in addition a leather
mantle. These natives still use primitive
weapons — namely, bows and poisoned ar
rows and assegais or javelins. A poor,
dejected race they are. owning, no cattle
and subsisting on wild fruits " and the
spoils of the chase. Quite different from
them are the yellow Hottentots, who live
to the south, and who are an eapy-srolner.
devil-may-care, lazy, drunken lot of peo
ple. Akin to these are the Khaus Hot
tentots, who made, trouble for the German
colony some years ago, under their leader.
Xicodcmus, but who "were quickly sub
dued and punished.
Now. this is the country to which the
emigrating Boers would naturally turn,
and yet It is clear that they would not be
allowed to retain their old independence
there any more than they would in the
Transvaal under the British. On this
point >Jajor K. von Francois, former rep
resentative of the German Government in
Southwest Africa, writes very clearly in
an article, which appears In the current
issue of "Die U'oche."- - -
"The Boer will not find independence
amonc us." he says, "tie must conform
to the will of thf German Government
just as he would have to obey the British
Government if he stayed at home.
Whether, then.. he will thrive better under
the German than under the British Gov
ernment is a Question which time alone
can answer-. It is probable that many
Boers will desire to emigrate to German
Southwest Africa, and it lskfor the Ger
man Government to decide whether it is
wl>e to pive them grants of land or not."
.Major Francois is decidedly of the opin
ion that it is not advisable.
"While I was in command in Southwest
Africa in 1S32," he continue*. "Count Pfeil.
representing the German Emigration So
ciety, asked me if I would sanction tho
admission of forty families of well-to-do
Boers who had 'trekked' near us and who
desired, to become members "of cur colony.
Count. PfeU'had tried hard to interest
German South Africans In the colony, out
his SOCCCS3 had not been great. }!any
Boers, t>n the other hand, desired to j"ln
us. and two of them even came w'.tli
Count Pfell in order to look over tin.
country. They liked our pasture land and
bald that they knew forty lioer families
which would be willing to join us. I
weighed Count Pfeil'fl proposal carefully
and conscientiously, and the conclusion
nt which I arrived at v.as that it would
not be v/ell to admit the Boers as settlers.
I knew the many pood qualities of the
IJoers, and no one sympathizes with them
"lore than 1 do. There were 200 Boers In
"NamrJand, the district south of us. and I
frequently saw them at work, on their
farms and had an opportunity to study
their character. Furthermore. I traveled
through the Transvaal and the Orange
Free State in 1838, and I saw much of
Boer life and customs, and what 1 saw
simply convinced me that I was riprht in
refusing to admit LSocrs into our colony in
1!"KJ.
"Admirable is the patriarchal, pious life
of the Boers, and most praiseworthy are
the patience and courage with which they
have more than once faced enormous diffi
culties. A lover of peace is the Boer, and
also painstaking and industrious. In some
respects, then, he would prove a desirable
settled, and especially if it were necessary
to quickly develop a section of South Af
rica. I even ndmit that I would sooner
have had Boers as settlers than many of
those Germans who were eontinually
gronning over some little calamity anil
running to the authorities with their com
plaints. At the same time I saw clearly
that the Boers did not know verv much
about agriculture, and that they did not
make any strenuous efforts to add to their
knowledge. Moreover. I knew that among
tho half-breeds in Namaland there were
more people who could read and
write than there were aiminu the
Boers. Finally. I saw that the
Boers were extremely arrogant toward the
natives and were tiot Inclined to grant
them any rights. Naturally the natives
hate the Boors, and strong evidence of
thfs hatred was given when the rumor
rprr-ad in K»2 that forty Boer families
had arked tu be admitted Into our colony.
The Wltbool and Herrero tribes were at
war with each other at the time, and yet
when thf>y hvard that Boera were likely
to com? they made peace and resolved to
fate the now p?ril tugcther.
"Tbe main ri-asnn, however, why I de
clined to' admit the Boers in ISM — and the
same reason holds good to-day— la becauso
our colony ' should consist of Germans
only. About l'M/H) farmers and as many
business men and artisans can find homes
in German Southwest Africa. If we ad
mit some Boors others will soon follow,
and. as they multiply quicklv, the Boer
figment in the colony will tend to become
ever more and more- preponderant. As a
result Germans, who may desire to b*»
cime settlors in later years, will not b»
able to obtain homesteads. In the coun
try over which the German flap waves tn<9
Dutch language will then be spoken, sine©
the K<-er dings firmly to his mother
tongue. One of the first conditions which
the Boers mentioned in l>03 was that they
be allowed to retain their native lan
guage."
Major VOU Francois concludes by saylns
that German Southwest Africa should re
main distinctly a German possession, and
that no encouragement should be jelven to
foreigners to settle thore. Evidently,
therefore, any Boers who may "trek"
there v.-Ill not rind it easy to obtain
homes; nay, the outlook is that the Ger
man authorities wiil not consent to admit
them as colonists. And. even if they
should consent, the Boers will b«» obliged
to conform to the rules and mistoms ot
the country, so that any dream which
taey may have of retaining their old
independence will speedily be dissipated.
(in wh»re they will they will se© some for
eiern flag wavif-.sr. and that flag they must
respect. More fortunate were their fath
ers, but then t'mes change and Africa la
no longer a lorfUess land."
German Autfooiitfes Do Not Consi der
Them Desirable Additions
to Their Colony,
Piroooimced Rrlmitiye 3m AgricMl
iural Methods and Arrogant
Toward Natives;
WILL BOERS, DEFEATED, "TREK" TO GERMAN SOUTHWEST AFRICA?
THE^ SUNDAY CALL.
5
AT THE
GRAND OPERA HOUSE"I am- assured .that she>ls well treated
and well cared for. She is certainly bet
ter oft than you are here, llow dp you
get along, dear Daisy?" I
"Oh, very well," said the Irishwoman
sincerely. ".The young Juge d'Instruction,
who canie to the schoof the day 1 was ar
rested, questioned me this morning. He is
very .intelligent: He insisted absolutely
upon proving to me that J am afflicted*
with all 'sorts of anarchical associations.
He -scorned bitterly disappointed when 1
told him -flatly that I had forsaken all
those stupidities long ago; that I am now
a stupid old scribbler and teache.r. Inca
pable of giving society a slap in the face.
He insisted, however: 'Nevertheless, Miss
Craggs, you took part in nationalist
movements In Ireland." I didn't deny it
und tc'.d him. about my youth. That ap
peared to interest him. He asked me a
hundred- questions. It was plain that he
became an anarchist himself us soon as
Irelaml was in ciuestlon. When he left
me iio said:'Your. rolo In the Uartlett af
fair seems really very insigntflcunt. Don't
be afraid." So I asked: 'You arc going to
let me go?' •.Well. I hope I -shall -not have
to keep you very Ions.' ho replied.
"Wt- suffer lefribly at tho thought that
vou are here, Daisy, in such dreadful sur
roundings."
"Oh! I am not bored," replied Daisy
."If I were not shut up inside four walls I
should even take a liking tor the soc!etv
of these unfortunate creatures. They are
so unhappy, You could not imagine how
fatality has dogged them all! Some
among them havo never known their pa
,rents, some have be«m debauched by their
father and mother.- Others began by lov
ing with ; all their heart some man who'
cast them .out. with- no resource save
.prostitution or infanticide! Poor crea
tures! I made friends with them straight
away. They understand me and I under
stand them so well. I immediately fiml a
corner of their heart that is still pure.
And that corner is as fresh. Ingenuous
and loving as thnt of a girl about to-take
her first communion."- - .
Pirnitz told Daisy all the events of the
preceding day; the double visit paid by
Quignonnet, and the new contract. The
Irish woman made every effort to show
Interest in the matter, but the clear
sighted eyes of the apostle divined that
her. thoughts were nbsent when Germaine
was not the subject/; When the two
women took leave of one another tho
Irish wpman said to Pirnitz:
"If T am kept- here forget all about me
and remember my dear little one. Fred
erlquo told . me that sho had a powerful
opinion of the cfficiuls 13 that she is only
•acting." '• ... ,
"Germaine shamming! They don't know
her! The dear little thing has never lied.
Do they treat her well?"
AW fter Ifouikful jfiudilors invaded ihe Plaifcrm in Jears &)hen Pirniiz pinishec
But almost immediately she thought:
"No I will say nothing. What is the
good? Every euort would be useless. Iho
school is condemned, no matter what Is
done"
The Instinct of self-preservation, her de
sire for happiness and liberty, clamored
wlthiri her.
"What shall I become in the midst of
these ruins?'* -
Should she still fight and try to rebuild
upon the ruins?
"No, t no longer believe in all this. And
besides, I have done enough!"
It was her strong and clear conviction
that sne had given enough of herself to
the work; that she hart Kept. her bargain,
had paid her debt to Freiierique and to
Pirnliz.
"When the work is demolished my duty
is no longer here. I shall free myself and
go away, l swear It!" '¦';'¦*
She repeated thi.s solemn vow to herself
several times, an. found in it n tranquil
energy that had 'deserted her for a long
time.
The bailiff*, whom they expected, did not
come during the whole of tho day that
followed Germaine's crime, nor even on
the second day. On the other hand, Tir
nitz received a visit from i\i. Quignunnet,
the stockbroker and deputy Mayor of- St.
diaries, lie came on behalf of M. Dur
amberty, and exhibited a power of attor
ney, signed by the manufacturer for tha
guarantee of his interests with regard to
the deposit. He was- polite; almost obse
quious. '
"I assure you, madam." he said to Pir
nitz, who received him in Mile. Heurteau's
absence, "that M.'. Duramberty.is not ani
mated by any malevolent ln'tcntlons to
ward you. He even regrets your present
troubles. He would not complicate them
I>y any monetary demands for anything in
the world. At the same time, businesses
not conducted upon a sentimental basis.
The day before yesterday a sum of 150,000
francs was due, and we have received no
notification from you that the payment
has been met." •
"It has not been made," replied Plrnltz.
"and. we are awaiting some step upon the
part of M. Durambcrty, so that we might
explain the. matter. We are not In a posi
tion to deposit 150.000 francs, for we have
not got them at our disposal. ; But we of
fer to deposit a rather considerable sum—
P2.000 francs— to-day. We expected, I must
admit, that this sum would be sufficient
to Induce M. Duramberty to draw up a
new. contract upon conditions to be dis
cussed later." - ¦
. Quignonnet said that he could not take
upon himself to make a definite reply until
he had consulted with M. Duramberty.
¦He came again. the afternoon and made
the following proposition;
"The contract signed • in 1597 to be an-'
"My dear children," she said, "with
those who teach you, you are members of
the same family: you have a right to be
Informed of all that Is of interest to the
existence of the school. Well, tho school
is passing through «i critical period. You
must know all about it, so that your
youthful minds may- bo prepared for all
that may happen.
"Our prosperity had already aroused
sufficient Jealousy: much hostile III will
was intriguing against us: our enemies
were watching for the reverses which
never fall in a slowly developed and im
portant undertaking. The first trial wa3
the illness and ruin of our benefactress,
of her to whom this school owes Its ex-
In the course of the same day tho par
ents of several of the pupils camo seek
ing information. Mile. Heurteau received
them, and explained the matter to them
so frankly and openly that they went
away satisfied. To every reasonable Indi
vidual Germalne's crime had nothing to
do with the discipline or the morality of
the school. In addition, the majority of
the pupils were orphans, or had been
abandoned by their families. Without ex
ception they all ranged themselves around
their mistresses, took sides with Daisy
and Germaine. After supper they were
called together in the meeting hall, where
Pirnitz had formerly delivered the admir
able speech explanatory of the school's
programme. It was again she who spoko
to them. •
lets n,n<5 handbills. Another mistress
named Craggs, an Irishwoman by origin,
who took active part In several agrarian
movements in her native country, ¦ has
been arrested and Is confined' in the St.
Lazare prison. As for Germaine Soubize,
sho shows signs of cerebral derangement:
but there is reason to believe that -she is
a very clever actress and Is merely simu
lating madness." '.
"No adequate explanation of the facts
has yet been discovered, but it appears
certain that the crime is the deed of an
anarchist. The domiciliary visit - paid - to
the school In the Rue des .Vergers by M.
Courbaraud has led to the confiscation of
d great number of revolutionary pamph-
"Have not fear," .she pajd. "I will at
tend to your affair; dear. If I can do It
efficaciously, and 1 believe that I can."
"Indeed? Well, if you can do anything
think of Germaine first. Save her, Fred
erique:"
"I will try. I promise you."
"I should like to say good-by to Pirnitz
and Lea."
Frederique thought for a moment.
"Lea Is very nervous at present." she
nald. "and I think It would be best to
spare her such a trial. "As for Pirnitz, I
will call her."
But Pirnitz had gone out a few mo
ments before the arrival of the Deputy
Procureur. the Judge d'Instruction and
the commissaries, who began to show a
little impatience over the delay.
"It Is quite time, mademoiselle." said
Cotirbaraud. half opening the door and
speaking rather roughly.
"I am coming." said Daisy.
"Could you not take Miss Craggs away
through the laboratory door which open's
on the Rue Delormo?" asked Frederique.
"If you like," replied Courbaraud.
One of the detectives was sent for the
cabs which had brought them all to the
school. The cabmen were told to go
around the buildings and await in the
Rue Delorme. Thus the departure of
Daisy, accompanied by the policemen,
passed almost unnotfeed.
They were in the month of June. Po
lltical news in ceneral was scarce. The
Chambre des Deputes at the end of the
session was getting rid of a few laws of
merely local interest. The crime in the
Rue du Collsee provided very tempting
food for curiosity. All ; the afternoon of
the day following the murder reporters
flowed to the Rue des Vergers. They
wanted details about Germaine, about
Daisy Craggs, and also about the organ
ization of the school and the mode of life
of the mistresses. Some of them carried
cameras slung over their shoulders And
manifested an Intention of using them to
photograph thn mistresses and the build
ings. Pirnitz. Frederique and Mile. Heur
teau opposed a firm resistance to this pro
fessional indiscretion. Mile. Heurteau
took her post in the gatekeeper's lodge to
receive the journalists, so that they would
not need to cnte'r the school.
The evening papera contained very .few
details. The Temps said: •
She kissed her two companions.
"Good-by. Heurteau. Good-by. Freder
ique. Do not be angry with us "any more
than you can help. Germaine Is hot re
sponsible, and as for me. really. I am only
guilty of having loved her too much."
An affectionate and powerful emotion op
pressed Frederique's heart. She took
Daisy in her arms and pressed her to her
bosom.
Krom that moment the representative?
of the law went about their work with
scant courtesy and almost in silence.
From tirre to time they asked a question
coldly. The researches in Daisy's room
naturally provided no fresh clew. They
discovered a number of insignitlcant pa
pers, notes of translations and literary
articles and a few photographs nf women.
They also confiscated Germaine'p case of
surgical instruments in the " laboratory.
When all this had been done Courbaraud
sa'd to the Irish woman:
"Will you please put on your hat and
come with us?"
"Wry well," said Daisy, simply. "Shall
I bo long?'
"I cannot say anything about that. It
will all depend upon the Juge d'lnstrue
tion. At any rate, take with you suf
licient clothes for two or three days."
Thfc detectives left Daisy alone in fier
room with Mile. Hourtrau and Frederique,
who began to comfort her.
"Oh." s;*!d the Irish woman, perfectly
calmly, "den't trouble about me. This is
not the first time In my life that I have
been in the same situation. I am not
frightened of prison, and. besides, it
seems to me that little Germalne will
have more confidence when she knows
thnt I am arrested also."
"I should have asked nothing • bettei
then to leave Mile. Crapgs undisturbed,'
replied M. Courbaraud, "but the papen
whi<-h Vv - e have just confiscated lend t
certain color to the hypothesis that th«
crime has a political origin. And, un
fortunately, most of these papers belong
to Mlic. Craggs."
"i'ou are golnrr to arrest her?" cr!e<?
Frederinue. "Why. what hay she done'.
She has had r.o hand In this."
Neither the Deputy l'roeureur nor the
Jute made any reply. They wer.t for a
rnorr.ent into the next room and conferred
with the Commissary.
"Mile. Craggs," paid M. Courbaraud, re
turning, "we are also compelled to make
a little inquiry into your affairs, and I do
not conceal from you that we shall prob
ably be compelled to arrest you."
"I said farewell to all those illusions a
long time ago as far as I am concerned,"
she said. "As for Germaine, who has
never crossed the Channel, how could she
take any interest in the matter other than
a mere theoretical or historical Interest?"
The operation was not a lonfj one. Ger
maine's wardrobe onl\ contained a few
garments, which were left, as well as her
hnen. after it had all been scrupulously
examined. Two portraits, one of Parnell,
the <-;ther of O'Conr.ell. liansirgr over the
mantelpiece, were confiscated. An inven
tory was taken of the library. It contained
a cumber of- recently published revolu
tionary pamphlets and also a collection
of Irish newspapers, dating from twenty
years before, in which Daisy Craggs'
name was mentioned frequently. In the
drawer of the writing desk they found
all Germaire"s correspondence, her diary
and several books, yellowed by age, eon
tainfrK lectures or notes for lectured elab
orated and drawn up by Daisy during the
Fenian period.
When questioned Daisy admitted having
written all this, but she denied having
given the documents to Gerraaine with the
object of converting her.
•-•Where la lt?7
Daisy did not reply. Frederique, realiz
ing: that any dissimulation wouiu be dan
gerous, spoke up:
"Germaine's Instruments are downstairs
in the laboratory, sir," she said. "You
may see them there."
"Ah? Thanks mademoiselle. We will
po for them in a short time. But for the
moment, as we cannot fret any informa
tion about the motive of the crime, we
will cast a rapid glance through the girl
Boubize's room. You said that it adjoins
Mme. Crr.frgs'? You m:'y come witn us
and witness the search."
did any relations exist between Germaine
Soubize and Sir James Bartlett?"
As Daisy hesitated before replying the
Juge d'Instruction urped her in his turn:
"Tell usall that you know, both In the in
terest of the accused pirl and in your
own. I "must warn you that we have al
ready taken the evidence of Lady Mary
Jackson. Sir James had just left her
house when he was struck down. This
lady declares that Germaine was in her
service for several months, and that she
met the Baronet at her house frequently.
Lady Mary Jack?on looks upon her as u
dangerous anarchist."
"It is quite true," replied Daisy, "that
Germaine acted as reader for Lady Wary
and met the Baronet at that period. But
there were no intimate relations between
her and Sir Jitines then; of that 1 am
sure, quite sure."
"This point is not quite clear." replied
the Deputy Procureur. "I don't know
whether you are aware that the accused
plrl appears to have been the object of
violence "
"What: Is It possible?" cried Daisy.
"Oh, the miserable scoundrels! But who
can have done such a monstrous thing?"
"Germaine Soubize refuses absolutely to
fjlve any explanation upon this point. And
in spite of what one reads in books and
newspapers It is not always possible for
a dot-tor to speak dee'dedly upon such a
delicate matter. We rely upon you for
some enlightenment. Tell us all you
know, we bep you."
"I'pon my soul and conscience, sir, I
know nothing about it. I have always
looked upon Germaine as a perfectly In
nocent child. I thought 1 knew every
thing of her life, and that life to me was
purity itself. Every one here thoupht as
1 do" auu will tell you the same thins-
You would receive exactly the same in
formation at the Maternity Hospital, and
particularly from Germaine's professor.
Dr. Bouchardon."
"Ah' by the way. she had studied at the
maternity: Lady Mary Jackson told us.
Did she practice?"
"No. As a matter of fact she had no
time." '<': -V
"Nevertheless, she must have kept her
surpical instruments close at hand— the
ca:-« that she had as a student?"
"I believe so. Yes, she had one."
"Sit down, please." said M. Courbaraud.
Krederique and Mile. Heurteau sat down
upon the bed. Daisy. Courbaraud, the
Juge d'ltiFtructlon and the commissaries
drew their chairs up to the table. The
Juge scribbled a few notes.
"Let me see." continued the Deputy
Proourcur. "Can you give us any clew
to the motives that may have led the girl
Soubize lo commit this crime?"
"Not one." replied Daisy.
"Has she ever s-poken to you of 'such a
project?"
"No, never."
"Did you notice anything abnormal
sbout her. in her bearing or htneuage,
y<-pterelay and the preceding days?"
"Yes. She had a violent hysterical at
tack the nijrht before. On the other hand.
she appeared very calm all yesterday.
Those ladies can bear witness to that."
Fredorlque and Mile. Heurteau ac
quiesced with a movement of their head8.
"Ah. ah!" said M. Courbaraud, "the girl
Boubire had a hysterical attack the niirht
before. Is Ehe subject to tits of that
kind?" ,. -
"Well, thf y were rather frequent at the
period of adolescence; in fact whr-n the
f'nion for the Rescue of Children confided
her to me. She has been free from them
fince she became a woman, and, partic
ularly during the last three year?, has
been "very well, since the time of our en
rolmcnt "among the foundresses cf this
pchool. Unfortunately, her infirmity r«-
Bn-ncareti after the establishment of the
Fchool and we had to live here. 1 think
the discipline of the place was too Insup
portable for her. Durine: the. last few
months, on account of difficulties that
have assailed our worlc these attacks
have been more frequent and serious. As
thev occurred almost invariably during
the'nlght; and a? our rooms adjoin. I was
the only one who knew of them. I am the
only one who has witnessed them and I
have always tried to hide them from our
comoanlons." t,___
"Very Now, so far as you Know,
The two det»rtlvr» went out.
"She Is in the prison hospital. Don't be
alarmed, madamo. She Is well cared lor.
We are not bo inhuman at the Surete as
the public believes. It was impossible to
ilraw from the criminal in the preliminary
Inquiry the least ray of light about ihc
crime. She Bimply made a number of an
archical declarations and asked for you
continually. She glorified the fact that
ehc had lulled Hir James Bartlett. and in
fisted thai you l<e told of It. It is, there
for?, our fluty to a:-k you for pome addi
tional Information. Have no fear and re
f>ly very .sincerely, lioblot and IJ.au
(hamp, wait ouiside In the corridor, be
fore the dnor."
"Oh. great God!" cried Daisy, "is she
veil caied for? Where have they pat
her?"
"There is no obstacle to that." said M.
Courl-araud. "Mme. Craggs." he contin
ued, "1 cm charged with the tiyiy of
searching lh<? room of the ftirl. Boubize.
arrested at daybreak this morning Jn the
Hue du Colisee lor the murder of an irif=h
landlord. An attempt was made to exam
ine her this morning, but she is in su.h a
state of excitement that there Is some
grour.d for fear for her reason."
"May these ladies come in also?" asked
thf- Irish woman, wno war. now quite
calm, the momrat that *he v.-as brought
into the question. "I should prefer it,"
The Deputy Procureur and tne Juge ex
changed a glance.
"Here is my room." Bald Daisy.
M. Courbaraud, the commissaries, the
Juge d'lnsttucticn ;;::d the two other men,
who were detectives, went in first.
"I am M. Courbaraud. Deputv FVocu
reur of the Republic. This gentleman is
the Commissary of Police of £t. Charles
This gentleman i* tho Juc-e d'Instruction;
and this one a Judicial Delegation Com
missary. Are you Mme. Crap«s?" he add
ed, addressing Frederiqu"?.
"No." sai-1 Daisy. "! am Miss Cragg-f"
"Ah! Very well, don't be a'armrd.
malame. Our mission is a rather delicate
cne. hut I am convinced that you are noi
implicated in the'
He dlo rot finish his sentence, but con
tinued after a {iSJIse:
¦"Before visiting the room of the young
woman whom we have jupt arrested. L
f-hould like to sreak with ycu, Mme.
Cragps. Not hire, of course, not in ilie
corridor."
"They may arrest me if thev like," wild
Daisy, quietly, "so long as tney put me
with Germaine."
Frederique, l< j auir.s apainst the wall,
felt tep.rs rising to her stoical eye«=.
"This is the last blow:' sne thought.
"One of the mistresses arrested for »uur
der and another incriminated as her ac
compli.-e: The worK is ruin^.i."
In the meantime a man left th^ group,
and came toward Mile. Heurteau and
Daisy.
"Wber% is Germaine?" s=tammf>red the
Irishwoman, who. without seizing the
thread outmecting all the events together.
divined lairiy accurately tne cause of the
tumult.
"Oh: you know about her? Well, vest
They have come atx.>ut Germaine. they
have tome to search her rooms, and u
examine you! -There 18 U. Courbaraud.
Deputy I 'roc ureur oi the Republic, a Juge
«l instruction, a Judicial Ueiegation Com
missary, and the Commissary of Police of
at. Charles."
"Something terrible has happened,
Da(>\v," t-aia Mile. Heurteau. "Don't be
alarmed."
Steps now echoed in the corridor. Open
ing int do«jr, L»ai*y ana Fre0crfc}ue i>er
ceivea. a short alliance away, six men in
Llack trocK coats and r-ikt bats. Mile.
Heurteau. crho had come with them, was
a. Httlw in autance, her laev c-jnvulsed
with emoUon. Daisy ran to meet her an«j
the irisitcn ttoppea wim afrected discre
tion.
"Great heavens:" murmured the your.g
girl; "they are bailiCs, j)robabiy. But
why were they allowt-a in enter? The
lawyer loid me they would merely leave
a fummuns with ihc g&te&eeper ifus
time."
Copyrighted— CHAPTER IV— Continued.
LEANING out of the window, she
t-aw that the girls were Gathered
In a compact proup around the
mistresses at the doorway of the
building. "Iney scerm-d to he watching
worrit things following with their eyes some
people who had Just entertu. They
guarded an unusual sll.-nee.
ECCK THE SECOND.
One c>f the Xoble llaideny. Germaine Soubize,
a hysterical and passionate woman. s<-< k« him
In his private apartments with the Intention of
Ftabbing him. He overcomes and assaults her.
Thrust lino the nreets in ajrony of mind, she
runs across a forn.ei* acquaintance whon file
had always detected. Sir James Kartlelt, and
kills him. S-he is arrested and thrown into
jirison.
Jude Duramberty. still in lev* with Fred
erique. now proposes to marry her. She re-
Jtcts hf:u. He becomes her enemy and t-eeks
to ruin the rociety by demanding instant pay
ment of a !arp« fjm !ip haj lusned.
The example cf another NcMe Maidt-n. Duy
vecke Htsptl, «a ensaslnR litrself to marry a
widev.-er r.air.ed lUnilneau, completes her i>er
fiactiy.
Georg shatters this <!ream by or.e too pas
rionate l;:ss. Jjea. breaks with him. The sep
aration becomes flna! when, a few months later
!r. Perls, he cnnftFces that he has lost his
\:rsia:ty. Nevertheless, Lea etill yearns for
her lover, and <!oubts the Wisdom of her de
rlrfoB. decptta the approval cf the Noble
Maiden*.
Thrcuph this apency the elftere obtain work.
r.rst In London end then once more In Paris.
la London they make the acquaintance of
Orcrjr and Tir.ka Ortspn. brother and sister,
the firet a 6cu!rtor, the' second a novelist.
I>edcri<jue secretly and Lea op<r:ly fall In love
with Oeorg. He enpapree himself to Lea. but It
is understood that the union shall be a plaionlc
utA mystic one.
Iictr.aine Pirn'ti, an er.thusiastlc apo*tle ot
the new womanhood, commends <hem to the
care of the N'cble Maidenc. a pnclety she has
formed In Budapest, I^ondon and Parts, to
t-ach girir a trade, develop their Independence
end their morals and make them noclal factcrs
m ttc regeneration of men. The Noble Maid
ens further hold celibacy ncbler than mar
riage.
Fr*<5er!qa» Surier Is the illegitimate daughter
of m. mlllioTialre'e eon. A hasty marri»se
patched up between the mother and an employe
of the millionaire result* flve years later In the
!'!rth of Lea Surler. The half-e!$ter«, left
cTThari6, peeure employment in Jude Duram
l"-rty's wallpaper manufactory. Because Jade
makes irr.prcjwr advances to Frederi<iue, both
r:ris resign.
Synopsis of Preceding Chapters.
"Oh! that enigmatical wanton and
crafty smile last evcnl.ng while Plrnltz
was talking! I must warn Frederique."
persed, even were this Bchool to prosper
no longer,' the good seed wo have sown In
your hearts would not be lost.
So long as one ot your mistresses lives
you can always group yourselves around
her. And finally, even were you alone and
far from us I have faith that you will re
main -what we have made you— little,
brave, upright, emancipated women.
. All ¦ her -youthful auditors invaded . tna
platform in tears when Pirnitz finished
speaking. The humble little woman, with
pain-racked limbs, was surrounded, kissed
and caressed by that youthful crowd, sud
denly elevated by enthusiasm for a great
cause. The little ones were proud to be
treated as women as helpmates. Pirnlts
might have ordered them to expose them
selves to certain death at that moment
and. they '¦ would have consented with all
the Joy of disciples. The mistresses anil
the assistants, won over by the same fer
vor,, fell into each other's arms. It was
really the loving communion of the cata
combs.-
Frederique. whose powerful organization
began to suffer from the effects of these
repcared shocks, could hardly restrain her
tears when so many little wasted arms
twlntd themselves around her, and ail
Chose little lips, . with their flowerlika
freshfless, sought hers. Lea. pale and,dry
eyed. could not resist the nervous emotion
of th* scene. She felt another wave of
abnegation and devotion for the work
now imperiled, and believed sincerely that
she was ready to sacrifice herself to Jt
heroically.
"No," she thought. "I will net be the
only, one among all these valiant creat
ures to betray it."
It was the supreme Impulse, the lart
flicker of an apostolic charity, which con
sumed all the faith and belief, all the en
thusiasm that had been Infused In her by
Pirnitz and Frederinue. All that mem
orable evening was brightened and
warmed by it. For the last time Lea fell
asleep an apostle, eager for martyrdom.
xiut when the early dawn awoke her on
the morrow, about 5 o'clock, she found In
her heart only the ashes of that ardent
name. Her lucid indifference terrified her.
*ne thought over the scene of the preced
ing evening.
•What an idle demonstration! Why play
•#i this way with our nerves!"
Sho had a keen presentiment of what
w'ould be the result.
•'This Bartlett affair will finish the
rt'ork. Our enemies will profit from the
scandal and drive us away. Besides, Mile.
Heurteau Is betraying us." .
Lea was certain of this treason although
she had.no evidence of it.
"Oh! if they will only declare that she
is m'ad!" cried Daisy, "they would not
convict her and I'll undertake to euro
her." .
"Yes. we must hope ;that they will de
cide she is not responsible for h^r acts.
Unfortunately it seemed to me that the
nulled and the security reduced to 0O.M0
francs. Tho clauses governing tlm crnttil
tous tenancy of tho ground, n ml I no re
versal of the bulldliiKH to M. Durnml'flrty
in case of dissolution of the work, to hi
maintained; only, in tho Inttrr cope. In
addition to thn entry Into pnspripslon Of
the buildings, CQ.OOO frntids or the SO.OW
francs deposited to rovort to M. Durain
berty as Indemnity."
. This proposition, although . rpmnrhnnty
advantageous for their powerful neighbor,
was welcomed by thn memjiprs of tht»
committee with vcrltrtble rupture. I'lil It
not insure thn continuance of tlie work,
an Indefinite continuance fr»;e from nnv
financial preoccupations? What 010 It
matter to rirnltz or KreOMyue thnt they
might eventually loan &<yjM francs, srelng
that they would havn no further need for
them the day the achool censed to pxlst?
Mile. Heurtcau wm of the catne np'»il n n«
so was the lawyer whom they ron?iiilt»»il.
A preliminary ngrcpmrnt wns Rlpnfd thnt
very evening. Mile. Mourtouu bivvp hrr
signature to thf» document by ih«i pI<1«« of
Qulgnonnet's. The condition rrfcrrort to
in the words "dissolution of the nrhool"
were clearly specified. It wnn nuffich-nt
for at least two of the foundrcuf^B to re
main in the school for' the enturprlun to
be considered as in existence. Those
foundresses- were named encclflcnlly, Mile.
Pirnitz, Mile. Herteau. Fredcrlquc, X.ra.
and Daisy. They dared not add O*r
maine's name. In case of the death of one
of their number the others wt<ro to olect
a member in her place, who would Imme
diately acquire the same rights.
Pirnitz had to leave before the end of
the committee meeting at which these
grave questions were decided. Hho had
been summoned to the St. Lazare Prison
at 3 o'clock. The authorization to visit
Daisy— an authorization thnt had been re
fused upon the preceding days — had been
finally accorded her. She -was allowed to
talk freely with the Irish woman In tho
parlor. These two souls, each heroic after
its kind, comforted ono annthor and com
municated their .glowing ardor to each
other. Dalsv was only alarmed about
Germaine. ¦ Pirnitz pave her all the news
she had gathered the preceding evening
at the prison hospital, where, however,
«he had not- been allowed to see the pris
oner. Germaine was not 111 In tho ordin
ary sense of the word. She ate well, slept
v.-el!. talked sensibly, except when ques
tioned about her crime. Upon such occa
sions she wandered in her speech and ut
tered revolutionary speeches.
This Inquiry was intrusted to an under
secretary of the Department of Primary
Instruction, a man named Roudier, the
very ono delegated by the Minister the
preceding year to preside at the inaugu
ration of the school. Roudier was pres
ent at tho lessons, audited the books,
questioned th,e mistresses and the pupils.
While this inquiry was being conducted
the Matin and a great number of the
Paris papers continued to publish sensa
tional articles. - They related nothing new,
but they attacked the Minister person
ally, accused him of making a compact
with socialists, anarchists and "interna
tionalists." Roudier was personally de
nounced as a secret accomplice of the
feminist group. ..From that moment, be
ing very timorous and alarmed by these
attacks, he increased the severity of his
report, harped upon the lack of order in
the method of instruction which was so
little In conformity with the Spirit of the
university, and upon the peril of allow
ing an institution to continue over which
the avowed object of the mistress was to
prevent any official supervision. He cor
roborated the report that there existed a
so-called hygienic course in which the
care to be given to newly born infants
was taught, of a laboratory fitted up for
lessons in chemistry and obstetrical anat
omy. In reality this "laboratory" consist
ed., of .Germalne's case of surgical Instru
ments, already seized by the police.
This report was secretly drawn up by
Roudier while to all appearance he com
mended the excellent order, discipline and
ingenious methods of instruction of tho
pchool. This masterpiece of hypocrisy
mid systematically tvil interpretation waa
transmitted to the Department of Prl-
"Such is the School of Arts for Women
—open rebellion against the government,
for they refused to permit the munictpal
authorities to exercise any right of super
vision and a primary Inspector was even
insulted and driven away; a system of In
struction that displays antSpatriotic. cos
mopolitan and atheistic tendencies; Im
modesty in language and in education,
and habitual immorality among pupils
and mistresses.
"What is the Minister of Public In
struction waiting for before smoking out
this nest of wasps? Or. rather, what
mysterious protection, after such Indis
putable scandals, is it that still confides
innocent children to a group of adventur
esses and mad women, among whom pas
sion is carried to the pitch of debauch and
madness to murder?"
Excited by these, "revelations," report
ers again besieged the school. By Mile.
Heurteau's advice they were refused ad
mittance* Disdain was the only reply to
such calumnies. But the effect of the
campaign so violently opened was not
long In making itself felt. A preliminary
note sent out by the Agence Havas an
nounced that a Deputy of the Right in
tended to interpellate the Minister of In
struction about the "Scandals of St.
Charles." A second note Informed the
public that this interpellation had been
postponed, the Minister having ordered,
upon his own initiative, an official inquiry
at the School of Arta for Women. ¦
"Nevertheless, the anti-masculine doc
trines of the foundresses were not Inflex
ible. One of them. Mile. D. H.. left the
fold in the company of an ordinary car
penter who had vlsired the school to make
some repairs. As for the young sage
femme who taught the maternity class,
traces of her misconduct were discovered
the day she whs arrested.
¦ "This." said one of the writers, "is a
sentimental feminism that our old-fash
ioned ideas refuse to accept.
"This hideous immodesty." added the
Matin, "not only characterized the doc
trines but also the morals of the school.'
Among the mistresses en the one hand
and the. mistresses and pupils on the other
every encouragement was given to affec
tion of a nature upon which it is well not
to insist.
"However, as the investigating official
has discovered nothing, or has no; wished
to discover anything, we shall publish the
iirst results ot our inquiries to-morrow.
This note was reproduced by all the
papers and reawakened curiosity. The
frontier incident had been disposed or.
All fear of war had been dissipated.
Space was once more at the disposal of
the papers for the record of daily life.
The revelations which the Matin began
to publish next day and continued upon
the following days were commented upon
by the entire press.
The foundresses of the school easily di
vined who inspired these comments. Al
though the tone was different, although
the articles were manifestly written Dy
a different hand, it was easy to recognize
in them the spirit of the "Semaine de St.
Charies." An the accusations formerly
made against the school were brought up
again, and this time were used with more
technical skill. .
Speaking broadly, the substance of the
charges was as follows:
•*A group of cosmopolitan women, dis
guising under the r.ame>of feminism the
ories of a radical anarchy, succeeded in
winning over to their side a paralyzed and
half-crazy old lady, and extorted from her
the money necessary to found a school
wherein tney couid teach and apply their
doctrines. They were carefu. to recruit
their pupils amung orphans, so as to ex
orcise an untramrAeled domination over
them. They glorified in a complete ath
eism. The pupil3 were forbidden to utter
or wri'e the words God. Providence, the
soul, etc. Certain of the classes were
well conducted, for the teachers were not
larking in intelligence. But. in addition
to an absolute lack of method, a contempt
ior all moral principle, and without dwell
ing ui-on the leaven of anarchy cast into
youthful m<nds the impudicity of the edu
cation giver, was simply terrible. For
example, a certificated sage femme gave
a course of lessons In which all the mys
teries of physical love nnd maternity were
laid bare before girls of lo, 12 and H years
of age!
"The profc?3or of this abominable class
was Germaine Soubize, the young woman
who assassinated Sir James Bartlett witn
a lancet!
"We have serious reasons to believe
that these conc.usions are quite opposed
to the facts. When the ofheial inquiry
l:ar been in progress w« have conducted
one of our own. It has disclosed matter*
of such gravity that we nave postponed
their puolication. believing tnat they
couid not escape the attention of the Ju^e
d'Instruction, ar.d. tnerefore, that ther-j
was no reason for us to usurp the func
tions of justice.
Moyond the walls of the school a. calm
ftefimm! to have followed the terrible shock
•if tho arrest. Isonn of the pupils had left.
Klnnnclnl embarrassments had been effec
tively warded oft by means of the recent
nrrnrigemcnt. Tho tragedy in tho Rue du
Colifea would apparently end in the In
r urc<Tutlon ; of Germaine in a madhouse.
Kv«n tho papers hardly referred to the
iifTnlr. A frontier Incident, one of the
thousand rumors of war which • have
nlarmt-d Europe without cause from lfTa
to tho twentieth century, had turned pub
lic curiosity In another direction. Kncour
tiKfd by Mile. IKurteau. Pirnitz. * rederi
quo and Daisy plucked up cournse. There
was only Lea. who, although ahe did not
eonudo tho eecret of her thoughts to any
ono, felt her presentiments of approaching
ruin Htrengthencd. And her resolution to
free herself amid the ruin was confirmed
"When the work has been destroyed vve
shall bo dispersed. Then we shall go to
Georg'"
She was sure of it. and since she had
felt this certainty the only lived in the
future. She went through her customary
duties, gave her drawing and painting
le.«flons. took part In the conversations
with the pupils and mistresses, but at the
same time she mentally organized her
plan for the inevitable morrow.
"I will go away without saying any
thing, without speaking of my projects to
Frederique. I snnuld only pain her, and
perhaps we should both allow ' irreparable
words to escape our lips. A letter will D3
best."
Like a captive she arranged all the de
tails of her escape beforehand.
"I will go to London first and ask for
Gf-org's present address at Appletree
Yard. If they do not know it I will aslc
ilme. Sanz."
All this active planning was hidden un
der a tranquil exterior. Neither J'reci
trique ncr Pirnitz divined it. The deter
mination to free hersHf had hhed Lea
with calm, and at the same time had
given her strength to dissimulate.
Exactly eleven days after Germaine s
arrest, a few rather enigmatical lines were
published in the Matin. They were to the
following effect:
THK RUE DU COLISKE AFFAIR.
"Our readers cannot have forgotten tne
murder committed :n the Champa Bljrieea
¦by a girl named Germaine Boubfcse, Jie
victim being an English nobleman. Tn«
Juge construction, wno is investigating
the aCair. is. we are informed, upon the
point Ot pigeonholing it. The investiga
tion has resulted in this curious coii
.Musion: That thu crime had no motive;
that the girl i? an ordinary mad woman
acting at random: that she ifl quite lrre
spons.ble-. and that " she ought to be in
carcerated.
friend among the Judiciary. I do not want
her to use him for me— merely for Ger
mnliu'! for Germaine alone!"
Dnlcv was liberated two days later in
nccor«fnnc.« with tho Juge d'Instruction's
report that she- had nothing to do with the
enflf. When sho returned to tho school
ghri wan welcomed by tho enthusiastic ac
rlnmntlons of all the pupils, who carried
linr In triumph. Pupils and mistresses had
rcfUHcd to believe Daisy could be guilty,
nnil they declared that Germaine was in
sane
The Minister replied that measures Mail
already been taken by a decree signed
that very day he had completely reorgan
ized the School of St. Charles, had attrib
uted it to the municipality under the su
pervision of the State. The present di
rectresses would be dismissed, with on*
exception a very honorable person, for
merly in the service of the university, and
who had always opposed the excesses of
the so-called feminist instruction. She.
therefore, could be relied upon. The ap
propriation of the plate and buildings was
facilitated by the clauses of a contract
between the "foundresses and the propri
etor of the land, who was in complete
agreement with the Government. There
was therefore no question of the spolia
tion of the foundresses. They would re
enter into possession o? a certain deposit,
and fcr a year the State would pay them
fifteen hundred francs each as salary.
These explanations did not appear very
clear to Parliament, but the incident had
been arranged beforehand, like a comedy,
and the Minister was certain that his ac
tion would be approved. A deputy of the
Riant thought the moment opportune to
make an attack, and succeeded in insur
ing a great triumph for the Cabinet. Hw
proposed an amendment ."blaming the
carelessness of the Government with re
gard to an atheistic and anarchical
school"— and the amendment was rejected
by an Immense majority.
No one took the trouble to notlfv dlrect
lv Pirnitz, Frederique. Lea and Daisy of
their dismissal. In the eyes of the repre
sentatives of the Government they were
already outside the ban of social life.
Simply because they had tried to live and
prosper without the help of man. man hart
repulsed them— he. the stronger, repulsed
them like feeble pariahs. The Govern
ment's decision was transmitted to Mile.
Helirteau, the "honorable person" men
tioned by the Minister in his speech. She
Immediately called asi extraordinary com
mittee meeting nf Pirnitz. Frederique.
Daisy and Lea. It was 6 o'clock in tho
evening, the very moment at which the
sitting of the Chamber ended. When tha
Ministerial letter had been read, amid
profound silence. Daisy said:
"Heurteau; you have betrayed us!
The former teacher protested energetic
ally :
"How can you think that I h.ive had
anything to do with the decree that has
destroyed us? I have not spoken to tho
Minister since the day we obtained his
authorization to open the school. I nav<»
never written to him or communicated
with him. even through intermediaries.
As for Roudier, you saw him at work
here, as I did. and just as I* did. you
thought him favorably disposed toward
us."
"Heurteau. you have betrayed us.
Daisy repeated. "I am certain of It to
day. You have worked secretly against
the school ever since its foundation. I
felt it— I knew it. We all felt it, did wo
not. Frederique?"
Fredertque acquiesced with a movement
of her head. Mile. Heurteau. without los
ing her self-possession, renlled:
"I forgive you. Daisy; I forgive you all.
You are dismayed and misfortune makes
you unjust. If you had listened to me.
quite recently, thia catastrophe would
have been spared the school. I did not
succeed in saving it. In reality, it is I
who should reproach you. Dut, 1 repeat.
I understand your anger and I forgive
vou. I shall keep your sound traditions
her** and I know how to arrange matter*
with the governing powers. Ami I hop-.
very poon. when the storm has blown
over, that I shall br able to recall you."
PirnitJ? made a movement of negation:
"No. Henrteau. we shall never come
back here."
• "What? You also. Romaine? You. sr»
Just condemn me also? Wfcnt have I
done to you— what have I done? I swear
I do not know what is responsible for my
retention here. I have taken no step to
Insure it.". "•- -¦ .
"Probably. But you have manager! to
win the sympathy of our enemies. You
represent a wise and obedient feminism
to them, so naturally you are spared.
Besides, what Is the ust« of recrimina
tions* You will settle the matter with
vour conscience. You had your own Ideas;
you have secured their fiumph. We are
vanquished and are roincr away."
She looked at the former teacher for a
moment fixedly, a"d in her gaze there wan
a reproach so full of pain nmi so noblo
that Mile. Heurteau ronld find no reply.
She blushed crimson and tear3 rose to her
eyes. '
"Come." said Plrnltz to the two sister*
and Daisy.
Thev quitted tfc* committee room, leav
ing the official dlrectres* alone. Pirnitz
led Daisy. Frederique and Lea to her own
room, and there they took counsel to
pether. Th» bustle and movement of tho
industrious hive that thev had construct
ed and peopled and which had been
wrenched from them was all around them.
Daisy could not restrain her tears.
mary Instruction and thence to the Minis
ter, while PlrnlU and Frederique wero
still convinced that Koudier was really
devoted to their cause and ready .to de
fend them. and relied upon bis testimony
to refute all calumny and to enable them
to take legal action to confound their
calumniators.
By a common effect of admlnistrativo
cowardice the campaign in the press
against the school exercised an i mnuenco
not only upon the Minister of Public In
'struction but also upon the Juge who
was investigating the .Bartlett affair.
Anxious to avoid annoyance from any*
Insolent newspapers, the Juge touched
up hi* report. Daisy could not be rear
rested, aa she had been ruled out of the
case' Bu: Without summoning her b«foro
him asaln, by a litcle careful grouping o£
the' replies sue had made in her iirst ex
am!natlon and by connecting ttem. witU
corr.rm:nt«irie3 and particularly by cun
ningly wcavliig into the present her ac
count of former events, he succeeded in
representing the poor old maid as a sort
of professor of anarchy. Germaine huu
merely profited from her lessons too well
un«1 had put Into practice the Irish,
woman's theories. From that room'.nt tho
crlm« l)<:camu clear. Germaine excite*
by tho crlai* through whlcn the school
was pa«fllnK~Dal*y had admitted this her
mit-had reaolvtd to resort to the propa
g.-inla by deeds. She had r remtauat«..l
her crime for phe had armed herself with
a lnr.c*-t from the laboratory.
The movements of the young girl wer«
easily traced, although she refused abso
lutely to give any account of the feariut
adventures of that nignt. Th . ey T^f^ a
that she had sought to see M. Ourara
berty. It was evident, therefore, th »^^ Uo
had meditated a double murder. When
tho manufacturer was questioned he de
clared he had never seen the girl. He had
made inquiries : he had found out that the
prisoner maintained a complete silenco
about the events of that night, and he de
cided not to speak of the tragic vaudeville
of the Kue la Tremoilc. Lven were ttu>
truth to become known at any time no
could easily justify his silence upon tr.e
plea of a generous sentiment. v\ hat was
the use of accumulating accusations
against a crazy, irresponsible girl?
The violence of wnich Germaine had
been the victim was explained by her ner
vous condition. Several trauespeople ant
concierges in the ler.a quarter testified
that they had seen the young girl roam
ln« about at random toward nightfall. A
policeman declared that ahe had lookeu
at men with an enticing manner: that ha
had once thought of arresting her. An
other unexpected witness gave some ap
parently decisive testimony. This was a
certain Galopler. an insurance agent, who
spontaneously affirmed that he hud sat on
a ter.ch near the prisoner In the Avenue
de i-Aiina. and that she had made proposi
tions to him which he had refused. Tho
juge came to the conclusion that an
other individual had probably been less
reserved. unU aa Germaine. when ques
tioned and confronted with Galopier,
maintained a snarling, obstinate silt-not,
this view was not opposed by any onr
Ttie excuse of madness was admitted at
first but tms hypothesis had to be aoan
doncd. The specialists declared Germain.*
perfectly responsible in spite of her ner
vousness. All her life proved this From
her childhood she had been guided by sen
timents of rebellion against society. She
had never given the least sign of cerebral
derangement. Even her very crime was
logical, if the principles that she preacne>l
were admitted. l>urir.s the investigation
Lady Mary severely accused her- former
reading companion. According 10 her evl
uence Germaine was 0 dangerous Uttla
anarchist, whose criminal intentions she.
Lady Mary, had discovered a long timo
ago. In (act; this was the re-son wti;
she had dismissed hei. The report was
then published by the press that the In
quiry would result In conclusions favor
ing premeditated assassination.
This news abruptly destroyed the confi
dence that Daisy had borne away with
her <>.fter her interview with the Juge. a
confidence that was abated by 1'irnitz.
Lea and Frederique. In addition, and just
as suddenly, another blow overwhelmed
them, as sometimes in a storm lightning
win strike the same group of trees time
afier time. On the 4th of July the Minis
ter of Public Instruction, questioned in
the chamber by a Deputy Of the Center
about the "scandals of St. Charles.'" read
from the tribune the principal passage*
In Roudier's report, passages which
aroused the generous indignation of tho
assembly. It was in vain that a socialist
attempted to defend feminism; his speech
only aggravated the malevolent disposi
tion of the majority. The Deputy of the
Center again ascended the tribune, re
plied conclusively, and finally asked the
chief of the University what was to ho
the result of his representative's report.
' , THE SUNDAY CALL.
continued Next Sunday.)
"There you have the- truth, -my dear
children. -You will probably, hear it dis
torted. Those who • hate us because J we
represent in an Independent form the con
science of. woman will try to profit from
our troubles to crush us and Will use the
unfortunate Incidents in which we havo
had no share against us. ' But, strong in
our' innocence, we :¦ shall resist. We rely
upon you to, help ua, and to second us In
this resistance." • v
"Yes! yes!"
"I have a firm belief that the coalition
of Jealousy, cupidity and religious hatred
will not prevail over our united" 1 energies.
Besides, even were we vanquished, dis-
"1 do not know whether the fact Is
true," continued Plrnltz. "I learned to
day, at the s&n>v time as I heard of this
dreadtul news, something that we all ig
nored, at least all with the exception of
Miss Cragga; that la. that Mile. j3oub!z&
was HI and subject to nervous attecKs,
which at moments left her not responsi
ble for her actions. .Mips Cragps was
wrong— I say it to you quite openly be
fore you ah— was very wrong to hide this
Infirmity of Germaine's from us. She did
it through a charitable discretion, 1 know,
hut you see, my dear children; how all
dissimulation, even when suggested by
generous intention, precipitates, at- times,
dreadful consequences! Poor Daisy
Craggs is one of the first to suffer from
them In the present case. She is looked
upon as Germalne's accomplice, which Is
false, that 1 swear to you: 'this will cer
tainly be acknowledged later.. IfGer
malne be guilty she has not spoken of her
project to any one, and has certainly car
ried It out alone, like a monomaniac, or
like some poor creature in a lit or som
nambulism. Daisy was as astonished ana
as thunder-struck as any of us.
"Yes! les!" cried the pupils. •~;'\'
"But to-aay another misfortune, ¦ one
that is crueuer than tne lack of funds, has
oeralien us. Listen to me. One of tne
foundresses of mis institution, one of
those whom you loved tne most and who
best deserved your love by her intelli
gence and her self-devotion, is accused of
i.aving committed a crime — "
"It's not true! It's not true!" the pupils
cried.
istence, Mile, de Sainte-Parade. That
noble woman, aa you know, haa lost all
her fortune and la paralyzed beyond the
hope of cure. The school can no longer
rely upon her qpen-handedl generosity;
but it is not the less active, beueve me. i
assure ycu, and ' I wish you to be con
vinced of it, that, In fcpito ol an, in spue
of whatever may be said, the school-will
not disappear for lack of money. If
money becomes scarce we will reduce our
expenses; if need be we will work to
gether to earn the necessary fundd. Do
you not agree with me?"
LEA
6
J 'Prevailit the freshman l^e inclined to be re
ligious a few Bibles and hymn books
will be purloined from the chapel an:l
discreetly distributed throughout tho
rooms. If he incline to goodfellowshii>
and a little of the flowing bowl he in
shown the "place downstairs,". or the nar
row but crooked path to Mayiield; but
he goes never alone, always with a body
guard, for by this time the ri\;al frats
have their eye upon him and the war
is on. ¦¦ > ;. 0
The rival frats try every possible
method to come in touch with him. They
call at the house, the freshman is stoweil
away In the cellar, for what reason he
does not know. They locate his room and
try the fire escape at night, but find an
other man there. This may go on for
weeks, buc generally sooner or later ¦%
rival frat will get a holtl of our freshman,
he will realize that there are others and
us soon as he does there will commence
for h!m a continual round of dinners,
luncheons and evenings out which would
put a foreign embassador to shame.
In the couise of time he will be bid: that
is, as'ied to join. Perhaps only one frater
nity will ask him, maybe more, and per
haps none at all. Then cornea the initia
tion, which is always preceded by a liberal
amount of horseplay in which the poor
trtshy is given st-vtral good scares and a
shaking up. as this part of the programme
t'enerauy takts place at night in a grave
yard, supposed haunted nuuse or some
other equally uncanny place. The initia
tion and the attendant ceremonies over,
the freshman on the morning after real
izes that he is not all that he thought he
was. now that he has joined. The attitude
cf the other members toward him is de
cidedly different. Now. instead of being
waited upon he waits upon others.
A sophomore will take him aside and
quietly tell him that he is expected, now
that he has become a member of the fra
ternity, and is only a freshman, to water
the lawn each day, to go on ull errands in
all sorts of weather and to bathe the fra
ternity dogs once a week— in General, to
t>e fceard little and seen less.
rushirg fo common tn tne American col
lege to-day. Rushing from the fraternity
standpoint simply means handling a
freshman in a way that will bring out the
best in him and In a way thM will keep
rival fraternities from gaining possession
r>t him. The first thing that a fraternity
"nieavore to find out about a freshman
i« who he Is. where he came from and
w!;at his antecedents are.
Stanford University, although the most
«Vm<cratlc institution of learning in the
T'r.ned States, hag some thirteen frater
nities, with their chapter or club houee*
scatured about the campus or In Palo
Ako. I>et it be remembered that these
fraternities are all rivals, and In being
5uch. great activity Is shown on their part
during the rushing season, which occurs
at the beginning of the college year. With
s=-j<h vigor end energy are the freshmen
earered to by the older classmen among
the fraternity element that they are often
led to believe that they are quite the cen
ter of the university world of action. They
are dined, they are driven about the coun
try and walked about the grounds. They
are talked to. played to, sung to; In fact
for the time being— the rushing season—
they rule supreme. Finally, after several
we*ks of visiting about, the freshmen
make up their minds which fraternity
they will join and go their several ways.
They are initiated, and. presto, comes the
awaking— a realization cf what things are.
the finding of the thorns. But of this
later.
The freshman alights from the train at
Palo Alto. Standing about are represen
tatives of each of the fraternities. They
are watching every one off the train. They
quickly epot their man and several ap
proach him, pass the time of day and
make a few Inquiries. A newcomer even
e?«ays to shake hands with him. while
another quietly relieves him of his suit
case. By this time there Is quite a crowd
standing about him, all apparently ex-
A GTrrppSS
App$ai«s to
the N^v/corr^.
THE path of the freshman who poes
to college Is not all roses, especially
If he Joins a Grwk letter society
md becomes a fraternity man. He may
Imagine for the first few weeks in college
that he Is quite a factor and Indeed he Is,
In more ways than or.o. but not In the way
that he would have himself believe. At
Stanford in p=rticular Is the freshman
apt to Judge from existing conditions that
he is mor-- than he really is; but wait, let
him Join a fraternity, and some morning
he will w;ike up and find the bubble
l>ur*t. It will come ;i»v,ut in this way.
Ever since the fraternity system has
ber-u \'.\ rogue In this country there has
lv«-n a constant rivalry between "frats."
and necessarily «=o. us they are. afu-r all.
of the same kind— the pick and flower of
the young mm who enter college. As a
consequence the methods employed to get
the available freshmen are many and va
rious and could well be adopted by diplo
mats, politicians and bunko men. At Stan
ford University the conditions are such.
the student body bring confined in a small
fpa«e and the number of fraternities rep
resented large, that these methods are
carried out to a more marked decree than
in any other university in the country.
This system If called rushing and is not
be confused with class rushing or cane
How the College Fraternities Rush the Freshmen at Stanford
The fro«hmnn is studied; every endea
vor is made to find out his likes and dis
likes, siml if he is considered "pood stuff"
these likfs and dislikes are catered to. If
he is Ir.ciined toward literature a junior
will read up a bl: and talk benkg with
him. If he l-.e fond of music and a musi
cian he is played and suns tc and is im
mediately informed that the members of
the fraternity whose hospitality he is
now enjoying control the musical affairs
of the university, and that in fact almo3t
the entire personnel of the glee and man
dolin clubs is composed of their members.
ally treated with the greatest respect.
Then perhaps a senior, an olil-timer who
has done the business for years, will take
him In hand, and by dint of conversation
he will soon know a!l about our freshman
and his great-grandfather, who fought by
the side of Washington, if, after this ex
amination, the freshman is thought to be
"pood stuff" that is worthy of considera
tion be is kept safe and snug inside the
J-cuce. and under no conditions will he be
allowed outside it alone, for that would
Rive a rival frat an opportunity and the
origiual possessors mi.~ht stand a ehanea
of los!ri; him. If ho is not found "good
FTiiiT" the cold world taker? him the next
day and ho drifts about until some other
fraternity tnkpg him up to try him out.
At Fwrt
¦ Than Sent to
Wash the D®2-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
Pbotos by Frar>Klin &
Co.. Palo (\\io.
tremely solicitous as to his wel
fare. • One. fellow in a gray plug
hat; . irriuthly. battered, says that
he knows him and tells him t>o. ';."
This fellow gets' histrunk chock.
Our friend is then' led to u 'bus,
and thinking surely that . there
must be some mistake. as to me
question of his Identity;- Is driven
to a fraternity house, "where he Is
given the best room ahdis gener-{~^HE hipTrry of y^.chtlrg in Fan Fran
tcicco Bay may be saiil to have com
nTt-ed in l&C*. about the time when
tho S?.n Francisco Yacht Club was
organized. Before tli^n there wee sev
eral notabl" Failing races between water
front •'p'ungfrs" (or cat-1w»ts) and a
number of regattas of lho Master Marin
ers' Association En whiih bay sloops ami
schooners enpag"«l. In those days there
were large numbers cf sloops and echtfon
ere engaged in trad-* around the bay a'id
alcr.g the coast and the association gave
an ar.r.ua! regatta. It was in those times
'hat the oi<l scow-ploop Randall, built by
Mose and Jerry Nichols, made the reputa-
Htstei»y and
EycTUticri cF
YaCh^riS h San
Told bL- ihe
cF the Ffrst
THE . SL'KDAjS CALL.
below a specified size, barring out the
larger ones. The idea was a success, aa
there are a dozen small yachts to one
large cne. and now the Corinthian Club
has the largest list of yachts and the
largest numb-r of members on Its rol!3 of
any en the coast.
The California Yacht flub is composed
cf Oakland men. and they have their club
boose on Oakland Creek, near the Wet»
ster-street bridge. This is also a very
active organization. The Enclnal Club has
a hemsci on tbo Alameda bay shore, ar.d
the South Bay Yacht Club, the latest one,
has headquarters clown Alrtsa way.
The rca! yacht clubs must not be cnr.
founded with the numerous orsanizat!or.3
the Pen of Aii*.
Chafes S. YaT§,
Who Saflecfiri
the F^St
Held H^e-
When the Corinthian Yacht Club was
organized it was in. deference to the
wishes of the "small yacht" men. In the
regattas of the San Francisco Club'the
big yachts always won. The main Interest
of the' committee and spectators was In
them, and the man with the little sloop
or schooner was Ignored. The Corinthians
changed all tbja^agd^gchj.a I". 1 ? jrnehta
At the time the San Francisco Yacht
Club started yachting in earnest— about
1S76— the following was a list of yachts
and owners: Schooners— J. C. Cousins,
owned by Stewart Menzies ami friends:
Azalene. M. K. Roberts: Minnie. J. C.
Tucker; Freda. United States Govern
ment; Consuelo. Matthew Turner; Spreck-
Hs Brothers. Governor Pachcco; Pearl,
John I,. Eckley: Virgin. J. S. Blaklston.
and Lotus, Edwin Moody. Sioops— Startled
Fawn (now Se\ en Bells).- E. O. Wiener;
Emerald, J. Clem Uhler and \V. Letts Oli
ver; General Morgan, United States Gov
ernment: Sappho. Charles Chlttenden. and
Ariel, H. B. Vlnderhin. Frank Bangs.
George Story and James Thompson.
Yawls— Frolic. C. II. Harrison, and Enid.
Charles G. Ya!*. Steamers— Quickstep and
III Yah, R. L. Ogden, and Cuyamaea, John
Bermlnttliam. This was considered a big
yacht "fleet in those days, but there are
now ten to one of that number.
was a match race between the larger
boats thousands went to the races,
though the spectators nowadays are con
fined to the interested friends of the con
testants or the clubs, and smaller yachts
are entered. When the Chispa. Con
O'Connor, Cousin?, ConsueVb, Nellie.
Emerald • and other noted yachtn made
matches there were thousands or specta
tors and dozens of steamers accompanied
the boats around tne course.
Yacht races do not attract the
attention they formerly did when
there .were fewer yachts and fewer
races. In tboso times when" there
For many years all the yacht*
were kept at moorings In Mission
Bay, but now none arc to be fouria
there, the. clubs having anchorages
at; Snusalito, Tiburon, Oakland
Creek and Alameda.
The first; commodore 'to be elpct
ed In a yacht clnl> in this bay was
Commodore H. B. Plsiit and he was
also the ilrst one to have a real
Ftenm yacht. This was a . boat
called the Amelia, whit h acted as
Judges' boat in the regatta of 18K».
When ' tho San Francisco Yacht
Club- was reorganized nichard" L.
Ogden was elected commodore. At
that time this gentleman owned
four yachts— the schooner Peerless,
ploop _ Restless and steam yachts
Quickstep' and ; HI- Yah.- and also
about a dozen, small sail, and row
boats, as well as tlu> first pleasure
houEoboat'on the bay. Hols our
veteran yachtsman in San Fran
cisco 'and still enjoys water.sports,
though in. a quiet way.
ual vicissitudes of such organiza
tlons. being several times heavily
in debt, owing to frequent repairs
to the clubhouse, which was built
on piles. Finally the clubhouse
was burned; the energy of the of
ficers and members, however, was
fuch that the house was soon re
built and is to-day the finest one
on the bay and the club itself is
In a prosperous condition with a
large membership.' Meantime sev
eral other clubs were organized on
the bay and there appears to be
room for them all.
parading under that name. There are five
yacht club3 on the bay and a dozen or feo
yachting clubs. A yachting club t* com
po^d of people who hire a yacht br
plunger for a clay or a season and go sail
ing, fishing or picnicking on the bay, but
have no Interest ln ; the boat. A yacht
club, on the contrary, is a club of yachts,
men who own boats and sail then uruler
a common flas nr.d who are governed b\{ a
set of rules for racing, etc. The sailing
clubs, which misname themselves "yatiht
clubs,*,' h.t ¦„? little in common with tno
true yacht club. i
The evolution of the yacht here Is tne
same as elsewhere in the United Stat*3.
"We commenced with the skimming-d'.feh
type of low-sided, wide boats with large
sails, but soon found they would rot feo
for the strong winds and heavy seas of
the lower bay. Gradually the boats were
given more tieadrise and more freeboar.d,
being thus deeper an«l higher sided. The
local yachtsmen had to reduce sail area to
conform to the strength of the summer
winds, which are much heavier than In
the East. The spars and gear have also
to be made to suit the requirements jof
local -winds an>] ware*! There* ore no lens
topmasts with Ms club topsails and long
Hying jibbooms to carry balloon jibs. etc..
en our yachts tor everyday work. Usrht
sails are malnlv used in racing on regatta
days. The rest of the 'time, generally
speaking, working sails answer every pur
pose. It is no uncommon thing for us to
have a breeze on summer afternoons from
twenty to twenty-five miles an hour, ani
the big sails u.^ed by Eastern yachts could
not be handled here under such circum
stances. For this reason our yachts loaic
rather "stumpy" to an Eastern yachifc
man untfl he has had an Experience In cur
channel some windy afternoon. Then no
thinks we carry sail enough. <
Keel boats aro not much In favor !n this
bay except with a few larger craft, be
cadse the bights around the bay shore axe
all shallow and no up-river cruisca can be
made with ke^l boats. For this reasfcn.
most of, our craft have centerboaivts.
though some quite small ant! some qult«
large yachts are built with keels. The
centerboanl type la. however, the general
favorite. At the same time the more mod
ern yachts are of rteeper type th&n
formerly and have outside ballast.
It was finally decided to build an an
other clubhouse, this time away from the
city. After lengthy discussion a commit
tee of five was appointed to select a site
and report to the- club. The names
of the committee men were: Com
modore R. L. Ogden, J. Clem Uhler,
Charles G. Yale. Stewart Menzies
and the late Henry G. L<angley.
It was at first attempted to obtain a site
at Lyford's lagoon, in Raccoon Straits,
but no suitable agreement could be made
with the owner of the land. Then .the
commutes divided on the question of site
on the Sausalito shore. The. majority of
the committee— Messrs. Ogden. Uhler and
myself— reported favorably on the present
site at New Sausalito^and the minority— '¦
Messrs. Menzlcw and Lansley— on a' «Ite
at Old Sausalito, where the Pacjfi£.Yju:bt
For a few years yachting was dormant,
until in 1S73 the yachtsmen met and re
organized the old club. Incorporating It
June 12." 1?73. A number of new* yachts
were built about that time and regattas
and cruises were frequent.
The club also gave a very expensive
clambake at Sausalito. which depleted its
treasury to an alnrmins extent, and it
was found to be a mistake to take every
body in as a life member, bo that when
their fees were spent and no dues forth
coming the club was practically broken
up. The ron-yacht owner life member
predominated to touch an extent that- the
yacht owners were forced in tseif-protee
tion to quit coming to the clubhouse, «s
they were expected- to take the others
sailing and furnish refreshments so often
it been me a l;urden. The furfiiture of the
old clubhouse was stored and In some way
disappeared altogether.
road company buying it to get It out of
the way of their tracks." -^1 '-
For ten or fifteen years after Its
reorganization the San Francisco
Yacht Club contained a most en
thusiastic set of yachtsmen and.lt
ranked as one of the foremost
clubs of the kind in the United
States, gaining a well-earned rep
utation as a progressive organiza
tion with good sailing rulesTand
plenty of regattas and cruises. jj
• Aside from its own regattas It
Inaugurated the "mosquito . re
gattas" on t h is bay, which ; were
kept up some years and .were . so
carried, on that all; sorts of craft,
shipsboats, fishermen, Chinese,
whltehalls, "bay craft, etc.. could
enter. In one'of these races there
were 127 entries.
The club passed through tha ua«
v'-r-- — '*•'-=-« •
Club "afterward built. The club ac
cepted the majority report and'the
result of this was a "split" and the
formation of the Pacific Yacht
Club, with a house at Old Sausa
lito, while the original club built
its house at New Sausalito. This
was. an unfortunate thing for the
yachting Interests of the bay, since
there were not yachts enough to
form two clubs and the rivalry
carried on as It was gave the sport
no advantage. The Pacifies made
the same mistake the original San
Francisco Club did in taking in
too many life members; had to be
"reorganized" many times, were
CGnaiantly in debt and finally went
to pieces altogether. The original
contention that "Hurricane Gulch"
was a poor place for yacht moor
ings.was finally proven, as most of
the yachts except the very,. largest
took moorings off .: the San Fran
cisco Yuch,t Club house.
The club fieri Increased very slowly for
a few years and there were several re
gattas and cruises, the first of the latter
being up Napa creek, where there "were
four yachtn at the rendezvous. The club
house on L«ong Bridge had to be abandon
ed before the march of progress, the rail-
About the end of 18C-S and the beginning
cf IMi? several yachts were built here and
a club was organized called the San
Francisco Yacht <"Iub, which !f still In ex
istence. A clubhouse wa« bulit on Loni?
Bridge, Minion Hay. and in August, 1^60.
the first yacht club regatta ever held in
San Francisco Uay was, sailed. The names
of the yachts au'l men who sailed them on
that day arc as follows: Sloop Emerald j
failed by John L. Eckley; sloop Minnie
(later a echocner). by Dr. J. C . Tucker;
fchooner Peerless (owned by R. L. og
<3en>, tailed by Captuln Edwin Moody;
cchooner Virgin, J. S. Wilson; sloop Ra
ven, by Mr. Howard, and schooner Ixj
tus, by myself. Of tho?» who sailed in
that first regatta I am the only one liv
ing. I was for sixteen years secretary of
the club. The Emerald won this race, as
ehe <5id many succeeding ones.., She car
ried an immense Bcrroudian tor leg-of
mutton) mainsail and for many years was
the fastest yacht in this bay.
tion for F;>ee>l vhkh 5? Ftiil a tradition
along- the water front. But these vefjels
were all traders with nothing of the yacht
about tncm and the j.rizen wore barrels
of tar, ceils *:f ropp and other useful arti
cles. The baatsnen'a plunders. Pride or tn 3
Hay. John c". ilwaan and others, ha f l
frequent racer, and finally there was a
notable race between the famous sloop
yacht RestlcFF. owned by ft. 1^. Ocden.
fijid the Jiermaid, owned by a man namM
Jor.es. The Restless was au Eastern bu'.lt
yacht and the Mermaid was of local con
struction. She was of the wide, fhailow,
ekimmi:ig-<Ji5h type, and was exhibited In
the first Mechanics' Fair In this city with
a cult of sails bent which she could not
half carry. She was first a cat-l>oat, but
¦was finally Eloop rijTS:*-'] The race between
these craft was one which called cut the
whole city, as ii wa« the flr^t between
boats built for pleasure purpose only.
8
THE CALIFORNIA YACHTbetter, and Mexican whisky, which is bet
ter yet. In spite of all these, the diseasa
gets hold of a man. ar.J you can see cer
tain haggard face lints in Borein's peon,
types: lines which the artist drew with a
pencil as merciless as the malady.
The whisky, he says, is called tequila.
It makes one very drur.k. It is mad* from,
the pith of the" maguey plant, this being:
roasted for two days and nights and thea
put to ferment for two weeks in rawhide.
It vras tequila that intoxicates! both driv
ers of the stace while Borein rode there
in: and the drivers made the horses wild,
the horses era?hetl the stage up and down
mountain roads, the villagers came out
to see. and a Mexican woman, a passen
per. alternately knelt to pray anil rose to
swear. And all on the strength of less
whisky than. Americar.-rrade. would keep
a erirl from fainting.
Throughout Western Mexico he often;
saw some of the SX>0 ruralf3 or mounted
pollc**. They wear the national cestumo
and look something Wkc our own rough
riders when seen' at a distance, lliles is
reported to have called them the finest
cavalry !n the world. Tney scour the open
places and the hidden places for escaped
criminals, and march them back to head
quirters In a long train. Forty rura!es ar»
employed as a body guard for the Gov
ernor cf Sinaloa. who had the misfortune
to Arcrett a man's shootisc upon what his
countrymen deemed insufficient cause. .
I»ore!n was stopping near the Elota
River on the 5th of May. 1S3S. when a fel
low American met him with a lofts- face
aid the news. "Boy. xce're licked to
<Ieath.** A paper from Madrid had Just
»5"riv»d bearing the news that Dewey was
k..ied after a complete defeat. It toolc
many days longer for the truth to reacJx
Gcadclope de los Reyes.
Borein has lived on ranches and in th«
towns, learning t .e people. Ha finds them
h?rd wotaIes and hospitable and likins-
Americans who treat them we!!. To him,
the people and their homes are pictures.
Ihrough all these sights crashes the
stcge. with Its two mules on the tongue,
fear in the swlns and two In the lead —
making an'averag? of sixty miles through,
the blazing day and the glittering night.
It Is full to overflowing, and those who
ride within !t raight see Mexican life, but
they do not. for they are either of it or
not of it. But Ed Bor*in. cow-puncher,
has seen.
alternate rows that the bananas may gif 9
the needed shade. Men in palm leaf hats
work amons them in the Mexican fashion,
which leaves nature to do a. big- share oC
the cultivating.
The coffee. a3 natives make It, is not
after American ideas. It is ground fine
#.nd made pasty in consistency and strong.
But the Mexicans like It so and it helps
to ward off the malaria that seeks the
low lands and paints men yellow. Beside*
coITe*, the natives use quinine, which la
TYPES OF OLD MEXICO SKETCHED BY THE COW-PUNCHER ARTIST
VOUR touring artist— professional,
prosperous, patronizing— has had
his daub at Mexico and ha« painted
life as he saw it. Which means.
from the outeide: dressed far inspection.
irssslaled Into broken English, warped.
'¦-¦-.. artificial. But the real life of be
; litr.rt-d Mexico — it must be told by some
-•¦ -w ho has !ivcd it.
Ed Borela is a cow-puncher and an
¦•--.. He- has drawn pictures cf what he
-¦ - in O:<3 Mexico, and they aro not var
:;is=h«-d sights. He has drawn iife rudely."
as ;; is rude: he has cast no glamor ever.
• troth. "With little learning, but a
ert-at desire, this cowboy ha? taken up
his i>er.cil night after nisrht. when it would
have been easier to sleep — or. no. it would
not have been caricr. For the pictures
w< re in his heart
it was In following along the «J uthern
<r,<l of the Occidental Ftage 1-r.e that he
cam.- to know the types shown hf-re. A
scantily dad. dull, drudging people are
the Tarascos. "Travelers call the native*
lazy." say* Mr. Herein. .'.¦¦'tit ebo««% how.
tittle th*y know. The traveler strops
about in the afternoon of a hot May
csy ar.d tees men leafing and women loaf
lug and children and chickens loaf.ng.
Hies he. goes home and says that these
people never work. And they had been
up in the morning; while he lay abed—feed
:'.- rr.uUs and carrying water and tend
ing crops.
•Lock at those water carr.-r^, with
their ollas. I>ces that look like laziness?
The woman is carrying her olla from the
::vf-r to the hacienda, and the men are
I«-dd!ing theirs in the town. One cent is
i he price of an ollaful of water."
The stage line poes from Guaymas to
Eapatlm. broker, only In the Yaqui coun
try. The Yaquis will not let it pass, so
the trip for a few mile* has to be made
or* horseback. The railroad will not be
through for several years., although Mr.
Borcin describes a band-adorned celebra
tion eta tiny village 15C* miles from Guada
lajara, its nearest railroad point. The
explETiation giv^n by the credulous na
tives was that the railroad would be
through in two month?.
But the sturdy little munching bur
ros will have to pSav hapgape car for
COOd while lonprer. With two rawhide
Vcpv at their side; with these spread by
toops *o th^t beans, chickens and babies
can be readily ;»cppe<j in; with on* or two
cr three adults atop of all — poor little bur
*csi
Bcrein passed through the district
where coffee.and bananas crc planted in
with their only pair of shoes In thcit
hands thai they may be ready to wear
whr-rc walking is easy. You remember
the preacher's sweeping remark about
vcr.ity.
Wnod !s ccrrici by men. A load rarh as
the drawing Khtnfi brings 14 or IZ cents.
Frnin the northern part of Tepic comes
ih* lady with her Sunday-go-to-raeeting
Eboea dangling. She Is wearing: her old
Fandals over the rough miles of her tramp
, o town, and the hot road burns. But the
(i.rjr.d shoes are for pavements.
Th*;re »re Tepic people who will g» even
further than this: many cf tSfm are peon
cc:r..r.s bardootefi through the country
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9"OLD PARIS" IS ONE OF
THE SIGHTS
3y Qenevleve Green,
THC BBme cf Albert Habi-ia is one of many
names which thf» Kxposition of 19C0 is mak
ing fnmo-js. It \vas famous before in a lim
ited way, chiefly among: the artists and con
ir.cisscurs of Paris, but from henceforth It belongs
tto the xvrrld. N« visitor to the exposition can
cses.P« secirs' ar«i a^mirins "'Old Paris." which
AT THE GREAT PARIS
EXPOSITION.
latter bearing the »™"°'^ V %Zr i ™>
Establishments, such as the Spinning
Playing Goat." "the Roosting cock. lnve9 t!gatJon
It is not without its comic side, th Is m«|« we
Into the life and manners of old lam i »
very few visitors the mcmngo my ;» slt b « any
enjoyed an unusual privilege that wn fc
means be universally accorded, i™**™^ are on
through some of the rare. ola - b °°p S _ W r il, b v glass
exhibition, well protected from flnscr marK" o> t.
cases and guards. Perhaps the "£*'
the "Manuel de Civillte." of the time of^Loms ai
The precepts contained therein for the benejii
those gallant courtiers and JS e *,o tr™
ply startling: many of them I *° «°* £%" !*<, least
late. Here are a few samples, however. « i
shocking; "When you wish tb clean >our .toj«
table wipe them on the table cloth and not on >°
jacket." "When it becomes necessary to a tteo a i
one's nose while at table it i* not proper t o us .in
right hand, that which holds the »«J^52JboI
the moucholr. as well as the knife and fork, Jja n «
yet appeared. Another extraornlnarr admonition w
as follows: "Before going to alne with P'"™^
quality it is well to crab one's hair and *£"* tn £™
to refrain from scratching one's head, lest *he inflect
crawl on one's neighbor." Yet pother one. * * en d
tleman of quality will wash his hands e\cry daj ana
l^^o^r^nrSe things |~^££~£
clothed In silk and finest hice. They were these seem
Irigly dainty ladies, these elegant messieurs with im
i e»ct.y.l.l« his *^£**^^?$SZ
Lrs. and Is not at all French In
appearance. At first glance ho is
' . not the Ideal artist, but after
ward the dream In his eyes be
\r) comes discernible. Something
ifC*"—— ¦¦w-^ about him suggested "the dlsa-
S^~~^yU\ . greeable man" in "Ships That
SS^^-^vr'^^S. _} Pass in the Night." I ha\-e gath
¦'^••¦''iV-An orrd a few scraps concwnlng him
-. f^J& ,v,\fl which may be of interest, consld
t -12 ''- : A\ rrin^ hlm aR one of the Hon3 °
*^^V«-* »¦ \\ th p cxpos'.tlnn.
•^-5- " ! V : . ; \\ Like? so many others of his fra-
TCt-'iairffe""""'" ' 11 ternity, he was born an arrist
"!k~f*£.*J^- ; "'"-" 1 1 though the son of a workman.
tffV^5ida-*r^ ¦ II He cannot remember when hf
|f M^jF.f** If a ? rot drawing pictures on the
™-V^ChOL" -¦¦¦.¦'-'.¦ II wall, on the floor, on any scrar
••-.¦¦" ' >7vP ¦ II of paper that came In his way
• ''4Sr- II on h's father's tool box; any
V* ''¦''/*<¦ W where at all that a blank spaci
<Jti/?*'JBq y II presented itself he seemed t<
xi^fmi ' ¦ •' II think it his duty to put a picture
£GJQ ¥$ •"•. f / The ftrtistlc vocation proving: ir
W^Bff // resistible, lie fin.Tllv ran awa;
oIK#J! II from his home in Onm',>icgri r > nm
// ramo m Paris. l?o was hero bu
• '¦ // n ve ry snort time when the wa
;- " fla "¦'"' ~ If broke out nnd then the Com
? mm-i If mune. Of the disastrous scene
'u^'^wmL0lf of this period he has given a mul
headquarters the register book is filling up at an
astonishing rate. The Hotel Resina, in the Rue
tie Rlvoll, seems to be most popular with our
State's people, last week there beins no less than
twenty-flve Californiana at th's hotel. Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. "Wilson of San Frar.cisco have re
cently been added to th!a list, and Mr. and Mrs.
W, I* Graves of I^>s Anselcs. At the Elysees
Palace Hotel are Mr. and Mrs. LJvlnsston Gilsen.
THE STUSTDAY CALL..
suffi-rimr everv possible privation. hu:i- ;/ [7^ / >
r«. cold and fatigue, hiajng V V /
in a cavcj where he existed without the , I 1^
necessaries of life, he nevertheless paint- | j V **^
cd pictures, faithfully, continuously. Thoi j\v\>. Kj
Instinct within him was as strong as life i \\^\>-O_
itpelf. EmorKir.K half starved from hi* J^CXA
cave on the mornlnc that Purls was \\>\
burned by the Communards he arrived in \\nNs^ I
Jime to sketch the Tuilerles and the Ho- VO^^ — '
tel dc Vill" in tlames. After the dMHeul- .v — .
tir« had passed Rahida took to himself a % v>V vX >^^
wife. lie has been blessed with a numer- — ¦ ¦
ous family and every summer he explores *
a province of France, taking «.he whole
outfit with him in a caravan. Of these txcurslona many vaV
liable, souvenirs exist. He has described hi color all of Nor
manrty. Rrittany. Touraine and the He de France. He has
Illustrated the works of Rabelais and in this respect ranks with
Dore. There a character in his work which is unmistakabl.3
und. stranpj to say, he has no imitators. Aftpr very little ex
perience one learns to recognize his work without looking tov\
the signature.'. ¦;>• ,
Old Paris Is part of the exposition, yet it requires an extrai
admission fee. • It Is unique in being nearly completed. All off'
the proposed entertainments Illustrating Parisian, life during 1
the. Middle Arcs are not yet in order, but there is 'sufficient to
render it of Interest. • The Colonize concerts, which, since the
death of l,amoureux. are the best In Pari s. will be held during 1
the exposition in the concert hall of "Old Paris."
In walking in the Boulevard des Italiens yesterday afternoon
.•ny progress was arrested -by a hupe. crowd oh the sidewalk
Marinjr at something in- the doorway. I do not profess to bo
different from the rest of human kind. When I see a crowd
staring I must stare, too. I cannot help it. Well, I stared, and
was gratified to find that California was the center of at
traction. Callfornlans are arriving thick and fast. At the Stata
¦ ><i0HHflflHfe«U3lUB99KMBM9MK9inft&tfHBM
Tn^ rr ~ ir nistorlcai assoclatlof have beer*
erected at random. |
AmcriK these is the house of Nicholas.
Flamel. the philanthropic" alchemist, who
Kave away ko much money tn. alms .that'
no one had the slightest douht of his
power as a sorcerer. That he had discov
ered the secret of making sold was sen
erally bciievnd and one fine day he nar
rowly escaped being massacred for sor
'eery. as the reward cf his rharlty. The
"Monkey house," where Mollere was
born, will Inspire perhaps the most gen
eral interest- Carved monkeys climb up
and down Its corner posts and -the Inte
rior Is hung with old tapestries such as
'.naturally adorned the house of Poquelln,
[the tapestry maker, who had the honor
¦of becoming the father of Mollere.
The streets are narrow and twisted and
the chops auaint and lnter««Un«r- «»ji nt
he originated and designed to the minutest detail. Th«>
principal adornment of the right bank of the Seine
and contributing more than any other one thing to
;he picturesqueness of the exposition. "Old Paris" can
not fall to be remarked by the most hurried visitor,
while there is noting else in all the great show which
reproduces so successfully on paper. The person miles
away, who 3ees only tha pictures of "Old Pari*." may
appreciate It almost as thoroughly as ho who sees
the real thins. It is in reality a plctura executed In
wood and stone with breathing persons instead of
painted or.es. Its first mission was to be a picture:
to llvo and to breathe were secondary. Consequently
lie who looks appreciatively at the designs in color
muv receive almost a3 much of the spirit of "Old
Paris" rh he who Bees the thing itself. Indeed, there
are disillusions !n the real thing which do not exist
In the pictures. The almost unavoidable presence of
po much "nr-w Paris" somewhat mars the Intended
effect, ih«* coatiiiaea of the olden times being quite lost
In tho fashions of to-dny. To what use does the littlo
lady with the quaint head dress, mince and smile In
the manner of her ancestress when surrounded by
shirt waists, hlph collars and sailor hats!
I arcfe early several mornir.KP apo and went out to
O!n Paris, boplng to escape this nineteenth-twentieth
cr-nuiry infusion. It was a harpy thought. The llxtlo
boutlQues with thrir w*reo of oM ivories, illumlna
tlcr.= r.r.(i gargoyles; were Just opening. The ladies
•wiih iheir hornfd hats, lonpr veils, puffed sleeves and
tradjbed slippers were fresh and beaming ;:nder the
Influences of the morning. There was a natural hurry
iv.g to ar.«l fro. such as might have existed In the eld
«.)!;.• Bt thf> beginning of the day's affairs. Better
thars all. therf? were few if any modern fashions to Ixi
seen. The illusion was complete.
1 hail turned the pages of a lew
centuries.
It j3 impossible, however, to lo
cate oneself in th!s O'.d Parl3 of
Rnbida's. to put oneself In any S~\T~\
partirylar century or period. The 1/^^^
nrtir-t has recognized no llmlta- f\^
tions of any sort, but has recors- J,^
s?rac*e-3 whatever pleasfs him. -
whatever suggested itself to his fi' ' Y
arttsUC fancy, without regard to II : _r^y :
tir^p cr without confining himp" 5 !? // "^^^iv
-¦'. any particular quarter of th<) // /^id^Sw
cltj-. Ti~ Holy Chapel con- It '%S&%4n
eiruct^d by T.'.u's XII is not far II /!»$*?•¦
from the l'y..\ ;.;: Chan?o, erorted It i'^^^&lj
<luring the> r*"ipn of Louis XIII, II #*^^ "*"¦
T;-hil« the srojis and resorts of 4 1 -<Qjfc?fr'f •*•«
the I'oire Saint-f^aurent are rep- I igK^^hL- :•"' :^|
resented, noiwithstanding that I
this favorite place nf amusrmont IIhPtKs^&^I
XV and Louis XVI. The church 1 "^gSfV*I-\1
of Paint Julionne des W : * j^^Jjlin
famous in the fourternth century ll ' /Ksl|gS
r-s \\<" refuge of jukcIoi? and \\ I ToJlu?.
traveling musicians: the pillory . \\^/5^j»-?ji
of Faint Eustace and fragments \\-*>~^^Hk
of ihe I.ouvre are all side by sid»>. \\ '">^*<3aB
ffli'ic a nj:ml'f-r of houses famous \^ >v^S^
'o: i:.t;r peculiar architecture or \\ ¦•"''¦ aa s
10
i
mRichard Tobin ovrr.s one from Texas and
John Lawpon buys in* Nevada, but Mon
tana, and Colorado p.re as far East as any
are brought from. T!;ey are all natives
ai American plalss. end "Western plains
at that- Lawrence WaU-rbury. the East
ern champion, v.k? so delighted with them
on hip vifil to this coast that he says he
will tr? them entirely when he and Fox
hall Keene cone here next year.
From the pclo «tandpolnt. the cowboy
standpoint and the army standpoint the
verdict is the same— American horses are
the best. They have the intelligence and
daintiness that fashion demands, and they
can «::durc the worrt of hardships of a
ttcrner life. It is raid that they know
bow to fiad food in twig* and buds and
baik of young trees. ar.d that they can
Pretty heavy accusations. And yet. in
rpite of all his inborn sinfulness, see to
what Ier.ffths of civilization he will go
with proper training- He Is even flaying
jmjIo— moEt up-to-date of games— nnd play
ing it In well-bred fashion. Most of the
polo ponied used by the Burlingame Coun
try Club are native Calif ornians taken
from cattle ranges, where tb*y have been
tralr.efl in r".i\r.u after cattle; Mr. Hobart
and ,Mr. DriRCoU use Calif ornians. and
their rerpcctlve Featherstitch and Rajah
are two of th«» J!rPt-cla*s ponies on the
coart. Fox I, another He Is one of Mr.
Kacul-Duval* Colorado ponies. ,
1$ foreman of the men. and he knows
horses as he knows his alphabe^ He has
ridden for years past on the ranches of
California. Nevada and Arizona, and he
that the TVestern horse is a good
Buffalo BH1 I* responsible for the state
ment that "the American range horee, in
his natural state, fs the wildest of the
equine tribe. The so-called wild horse of
the Cosrack or the Arab does not compare
¦with him for fierceness or Ingenuity. In
fact, I have yei to find the horse that is
his equal in rafting 'attempts at subjuga
tion. He will kick, bite, strike with his
rore fcetl ard be alone knows the possi
bilities of tracklnc.*"'
horses; the CaJifornlan best of all.
THERE can't be a better horse," I am
sure, than our American animal.
These are some of the good things
about him:
He can stand great hardships. The wild
horses of our Western plains. are used to
them. They know how to make their own
living well enough, and I don't know but
they would rather keep on making it. At
any rate, they act about that way when
a man tries to break them.
Our Western horses are among tho
fiercest animals ln^he world, and it takes
a man who has the instinct for ii and th«s
training, too. to- handle them. Take a
wild, frightened, savage little horse that
has galloped wherever he chose all hia
life and has never felt a man on his back;
—well, there is nothing easy about tha
Job of breaklns him. A man must be sure,
in the first place, that he ia master: In
the second place, he must make his horse
sure of it. Look square at him and havo
a clear understanding, lie will recognize
•a steady eye as quickly as a" man will.
This .done, a ff.Ir start is made. The next
thlng'is to follow that up. Strength and
firmness and kindnes will win in the end
all provided that you "know how."
For this work with the cattle our men
seem to prefer the small California
horses, although we have some from Ne
vada.' I have ridden .as a vaquero In Ne- .
vada and Arizona, as well as In this
State, and I like all native Western.
What Seorge jasper
Has to Say About
the Cattle Horse.
You see that a hor>«e must be very
ne vrly perfect to come up to all »ho re
quirempnis. And the native American is*
the one to do it. I never realized this so
forcibly ns when our animals were?
brought into contrast with the little Fili
pino natives— not much more than'4 hand*
high, and as quarrelsome an il< gs. Dicln'c
I say. that everything American was tha
best?
For artillery horses the rcTiisites ar»»
similar, th» main (lifferences being in re
gard to height and weight.
-Head and ears should be small: fore*
hrail broad: eyes lar^e and prominent;
vision perfect: shoulders .Ions: and slop
ing well back; chest full, broad and deep;
fore-leps straljrht and standing well ua
r.er: back short and straight."
I'R native Western horse, trained
{[ Inn our Western ranches, is the
\_j/]inrsc tor polo. For all the uses of
the game there is no better pony to
be found. And of nil the Western States
California has furnished the greatest fj
number of gnod polo ponies, with a few
notable exceptions.
Polo men do not. as a rule, go in for
breeding. If the speed, of a bred pony
could be united .with the reining qualities
of the cattle horse, then a perfect polo!
pony. would be found. But the bred horse
usually wants to run. and t^at spoils the
game. He must be level headed or he is
wdrthjess. . ' ' : ' '¦
The small California cattle horse la thr
mount for a polo man. ' Prom his carliesl
long-legged >colthood he has been pui
through such a schooling in reining and
turning as no other horse knows He 1;
"cattle *reined." He is hardy, intelligent
and spirited. '.;
A polopony Is chosen' by many tests. •'
aT.e height- 1 trait is 14, hands'2 inches,
and' the .pony may 'bo! of any - r size.' under
u.ls provided he be heavy enough forJihef
game. Heavy ana not coarse is the com
bination, sought. Weight is needed in
' bumping. '¦ ) t may .vary.- uf course, accord
ing to .the size of the rider, but in any
case, it is worth while, for a heavy man
must ride what is! called a. ."weight car- '
rier";. and a light; man want3 "a heavy
liOTse.
-. Speed is another requisite, and the ston
ping and starting and turning.qualitiea;
must be looked to. ;;A first-class polo pony
can : on next to nothing.- Coolness
counts. A horse Is always preferred to a
mare, for' his nerves 'are steadier, . and
; that meana much in the excitement of the
game./
: Competition Is Jncreaslhg so ¦ much, that
the standard of polo ponies has been
raised as much as 30 per cent in the past •'.
• year. This comes of the weeding out pro-
As for the rider— he la another consfder-
•"It must bo sound and well bred; gen
tle> under the saddle; free from vicious
habits; with free nnd 'prompt action at
tha walk, trot and gallop: without blem
ish or defect; of a kind disposition; with
easy mouth and gait.
"It must be between 13U and 15 handa
high; in weight, from 9G0 to 1150 pounds;
of age, from •$ to 8 years.
This Is part of what the United States
army regulations for 1S03 say about tha
requisites of the cavalry horses:
On the other hand, a thoroughbred Is
out of the Question. He Is too high struts
a horse to stand the nerve strain of bat
tie. Something more phlegmatic Is
wanted.
Broncos, or "broncs." as our boys call
them, are not used often, because they
aro treacherous. Otherwise they wouM
ne good material, for they have great en
durance and intelligence. But one. never
knows when a bronco is really broken.
You may think that you have him under
perfect control, when suddenly he be
comes as wildly unmanageable as If ha
had never felt the bit. And such per
formances won't do In the army. A cav
alryman ¦ has no time to discipline hia
horse on the battlefield.
DO I think the American Is th<» best
cavalry horse there is? If every
thing American is not «.he best, let
somebody show a t better.
The United States cavalry recruits its
lorses from the plains of our Mlddla
Hates, and for the simple reason that
:hess States produce the best horses for
irmy uses in the world.
Ma jor Louis Rucker
Commends the
Cavalry Horse
ation. and an Important one. Tf a rMev
handles his horse roughly— fights him—
i»ifc horse learns to look upon the game* as
••• ougbeir and he will shrink miserably
from entering. But if a man uses hia
pony as I?. he were a Rood comrade, then
horse and rMer corn- to enjoy the play
ing together. Ami the pony understands
it, too. after a fashion. To be sure. I
think that Kipling drew on his fancy a
bit when he wrote "The ilalte?" Cat."
but for all that a hnppy pony may play
polo for himself as well as for his mas
ter.
eniJT prap? under the snow. When a man
makes a chum' of an American horse, it !¦
for better, for worse. v .
The cattle horses of South San Fran
cisco are nearer to the ranch hort=e than
we often see in our city life. They are
California and Nevada horses t"hat have
been broken on ranches and brought here
to live the same life that they hav* ai
ways known- They are the horses of
¦iV<r»w1a' ¦ ...'•¦ ¦¦>¦--. .
Miller & Lux's vaqueros. <;e<->n?e Jasper
Forty-Jive thousand of these horses
have already been shipped for service
.".gainst the Boers, and the liritlsh boI-
Clers were never so well mounted before.
-Endurance and adaptability" are the
virtuei claimed, and our horse has
proved the claim. Perhaps he is homesick
over there, where everything is f<» differ
ent, but his American grit keeps him
frcra Ehowir.gr it. The ability to make
his owr way Is his heritage. His ances
tors were self-made horses, and it was
struggle and be brave and let the fittest
survive. In the course of the struggle he
Jiaa acquired the horse sense which his
European cousin has never had occasion
to develop.
:s can ben be filled by our own sturdy,
f-rclisnt native of the plains. Uncle
n chooses horses as ho does his sol
diers-they must b« strong ones and be
trustworthy.
Great Britain has had many agents tn
this country buying hor.es : to send to
South Africa. There her cavalry is being
mounted on the American horse, and on
his *zcK i* riding to battle. He Is a good
warrior, too. Major Rueker. In charge of
cavalry troops at our own Presidio,
tells why. The exnetine requirements 'laid
down In the United States army regula-
course we always knew that he
-xram the best one made, but It Is
only of late that Europeans have been
finding it out. '
*jr=^ EOPLE are having a. great deal to
\^y fay nowadays about the American
horse. Other people— that is. Oi
FROM THE THOROUGHBRED TO
THE HORSE OF THE
STALWART CAVALRY ANIMAL
TO THE DAPPER POLO PONY.
CALIFORNIA POSSESSES THE
FINEST AND MOST
VARIED TYPES OF
HORSES THAT YOU CAN
FIND THE WORLD OVER.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
/
11
WESTERN HORSES
FOR POLO
SAYS TOM
DRISCOLL.Miss Ethyl Hager s fad is draw- \ — " ill \ \a
ing. One of her latest creations 5 . I$~-. \*^A\^\ 7*
is a ballet girl, and the charming \ • ' |SsJ VIMw^\'"' ¦•
poso and tint- execution h-li'ay the -\ J-k^'V \ ll^lAvtX "
•possession of rt;il ariistir- talent. ? 'j-4^-» V ¦^A^,%\
Miss Maren Fro«lieh must l<»>k % lv>rr \ -vV/ \
to +er laurel?; now that Miss A \%i^*lil\
Ethvl Hager ha? t;ikcn to pketch- 1 Aicv. - I
• inp "ballet pirls. \ . ¦ /£\yesP&
Miss Emily Hager'.s fad was en- \ r: :: '\
tertaining ;md she will have plen- \ ' //v :':'•¦. I
ly of ojjportunijy to pursue this \ ; fv::'/
pleasure now that she has become • \ : /'¦¦.¦¦'/
the bride of- Walter L.. Dean. \ V ';'¦'¦ J 0+^X
¦ Miss Alice Hager's nearest ap- \ ¦¦¦¦f.'.y _Ai^Cf
proach u< a fad is dancing. She \ '¦¦// jytv-^vX,
• is uncommonly fond of the art \ / '/%^».;>;,.^Vi
terpsichorean. \ •¦
L Mrs. Sarr.uel Buckbee, though \ Vv^-'-^^j^SiC
Jjic-ycling: is also a fad of hers, is \ Vii^?*S^i^2
¦^ fend oi housekeeping. She is very \ ¦ f&^&yy^H
deier in <i*>s:K:iing table decora- \ .'• /^v-"-'^'-.V'-'''A
Km tiuns. is adept ;tt cooking and is a » t'-'"''-- : - : -''-V?ML
fe^_ past jrrand mistress of the chafing 4^ ::^-'- : /P^ >
''Mrs. William Whittier's fad is \ TSi^fM'-' 1 .
H\ --^k playing hostess. She is happiest V •V^| : 'v>- : .
vj h%. when devising a. dinner, luncheon \ 'l'v^> : '
¦5 \ |\\ Miss Helen Stubbs disclaimed X
f 1 f"rl the possession of a fad. but finally, X
i . I |ff-l I '^ acknowledged that she knows all [V
y.'f« iftl ttlK>ut kindergarten .work. She : t^
¦I teaches Httle Wndergartners and -. V
VI fe?f iiiss Mamie Stubbs can-do beau- V.
V\ ftf *iful needlework <md her fad ". is , ' '
L Vl i|# fine sewing.
\ vVl .Miss Mario -Voorhies Is an all-'
>.\. Ail ¦¦ '-'ftrciuad artist. One room . of her
Mrs. Herbert MofTHt's pet pur-
Fuit la music.
Miss Hattie Joliiffe used to col
lect bugs, but she has not pursued
the fad with any enthusiasm for
j some years.
f-S fcf=3ADS? Oh. yes; they have
// :r =:1 taAs galore, our rich girls
v * // |i ami matrons, who have
\ & ** - w ° ojuch leisure and so
X.^^.^^'^M much money to rnend in devising
\vS\ >r f new ways of amusing themselves.
\\« jF Athletics iill in tlie saps between
llfN cotillons ;in<i teas. Hut eVen goif
• ill 1 w and its sfcrtw games leave Bomr /
*"le*i-l i^ cracks In the day. The best ami- /
ITi// dcte for koei;i:if; ennui from steal- '
\ Mfjf in« a n.areh during the ouds and /
» Ver end:* of the week Is a fad. "Have /
/ ijjf a collection <>t some sort," reads /
/¦¦¦/# the prescription. • ¦ /
r v # There is Mi:-* Kathryn Dillon /
• M ¦ Psr example, fche has a magnili- / /,
\tf cent library, vows am! rows of / ! «>^/J
gr b.-i'utjful books. Her" library //?&:$.
f wnulu have charmed the hue Rev. ' (¦']/«'¦' j^-
Henry Ward Beecher. the prince (/+-{j2*i'7^
among book lovers. Jt was he. it- /^v-t^yy^
may be remembered, who said h«? i Jr&r&iMte
uould rather have a bouse fur- *'/'*' 'V- : '->-^yM- : '
n;she<i with books than with fur- i/f:'w&%tt'&2
iiiture. Miss Dillon lately received //." ./*/ : '/< : W-P\^
:>K) voiumtj? from Europe to add to ? &xM£-£ff'-'- : -^\S
b«-r collection— the latest and best k yj^rivi^i
I'wblications. Jf s(y\ : w'-'^V*
The heires^.is perfectly happy / VJa^^A
among her literary treasures. She /
loves to read and she loves to 5 J£&£*
write. g /^K\
"I only wish sometimes." she f. W^ \ I
said, "that 1 were a poor sirl with 3
the necessity of earninp; a living I \'b^%\«
before me. 1 think I might write I -,^ v^-l^v
worth while t'ntn. Uut ¦ C / //^ > >^ V#\
now- fc Well. Miss Dillon does I - " X^fe-^;^^
not need to write for a living and 5
BO she scribbles a little bit for f " '
plwsure and collects books. S .
Mis.« Minnie Jolliffe carae in from | *s&^*^*~^
the Rarden. where she had been If S?T^~f ~^*<r*
sunning herself, sihe believes in A \---^Jirrgv — -* *^^-"
sresh air and plenty of it. But h ' >;
fads? M X^*
• Oh. 1 haven't any especial fad." t| „ i^<^\^
shp paid, swintrinpr her wide- *t' . ,-^ A \jT
Lrinime*! garden hat and smiling J y^^'^^r XtjSe£
i-o an to show *n\\ of her pretty a /^%>^>jr y^Sn^
teeth. '"1 love golf— all the gins [i cpfeo^^ /?'/fl¥$ :
are wild over golf, you know. "And H \*j£p' /£//¦$%&*
music— yes, 1 am very fond of ." h N *^ A^/i'n fe v
music." - . • 5 A'? f.'?ln¥>\
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
parents' homo is hung with lnvrt* ' il//ftl
\ a . cabinet full of samples of Dr4 VVTlf
(SM^%k/ V °T, ner s slc «der feep. But no- th a \
¦ \wsmg
# ; Plv^W^ I «» equestrianism is my rea i ?i. 6 "
/Ur 7f I FX;-° haVe a fine blfo^
mfmm
I A r^ / / ln° I !?, h <> e"?S,K ar s t e 1 t ! .! 1C 1 m »' r ,'' n3
J , / / Sif^ssif If 7
2VT-. : i / • Miss Gertrude Goewev is in ™ # 1
@1 / n th "t iastk \ Pedestrian, biii th"« °A" /V
/ ' > not hcr i>n'y fad. She collects old #^S
f< / b*e a pfecVs d haS a Rumb « of e vlluai. d
# T £r re c ?l Ie c«on of e Oriemi^ r art aS a if//fe
0 • , Wls 5 s Marguerite Benders fad }<t M£\1 mF&k\
A lecting brass. She has many hind- M M\>\ t AW
rope" 6 PleCCS ' a " brough * ™ r "» eS?" JuSimi^W
Jjr ... "Pntertainfngr. of course " snid Jrf^tVl II I \A?
Jf M'm Bernlce Drown. •••But -that ?i JPm£M II V^
>^ not exactly a fad. It Is a— well V5Srt^IF ll I 1 V
perhaps, it Is a fad. Anvhnw I ' ' v£/A^PH ! A 1 \ I V
r think' there. Ls nothing else t hit S/MlimWX\\\ 1
could possibly give one so mucb I rHW?« l\l
-¦& e i?. 8 u re , as . entertaining." UCD
SOCIETY FADSMARCONI RETURNING
TO THIS COUNTRY
Celebrated Inventor to Carry Out
New Experiments in Wireless
Telegraphy.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York
Herald. Copyright, 1S00, by the Herald
Publishing Coxnpany.
LONDON, May 27.— Mr. Marconi. left
Southampton yesterday on the American
liner St. Paul for New York. It is under
stood that he is going out to America for
the purpose of carrying- out experiments
In wireless telegraphy on a very much
larger scale than has ever been done be
fore. As to what his mysterious plans are
neither he nor any of the officials of the
Wireless Telegraph Company care to say
anything at present, as they consider the
time Is not yet ripe for divulging- them.
"Will Ship Fresh Fish-
Bpecla.1 rrtepatcn to The Call.
Bondsmen Sued.
Special Dispatch to The Call. / " •
SAN RAFAEL, May 26. Two suits
were begun to-day by Frank G. Water
house .against J. C. WInana, the well
known merchant of San Francisco, and
Elise A. Drexler, widow of the Jate mil
lionaire, for the sum of $12,000. The suits
were brought against them as bondsmen
In an action commenced more than a year
ago in the United States Circuit Court,
¦wherein the Bollnas copper mine owners
Bought Mo recover property which had
been sold under attachment.
\ NEW WHATCOM, Wash., May 26.— The
Falrhaven North American Fisheries
Company haa secured l hero a tract of
water front property known aa the Rail
road reserve, having 1 . ' nearly 1000 ' feet
frontage.- It Is one of the moot valuable
Bites on Belllngbam Bay. The concern
will cominer.c« Duildlng: a plant for han
dling and shipping fresh fish extensively.
ROWSKOWSKI'S SLAYERS
' ARE AGAIN CONVICTED
Were Members of a Secret Society
Wliicli Decided to Put Him
/Out of the "Way.
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. May 21— After
twenty-one hours' deliberation, the jury
this morning: brought in a verdict finding
Andrew Coras gruilty of murder in the
Ff-cond degree, and Joseph Souchowsky,
John Anthony, Peter Stenkavage. Michael
Bros!uskl and Anthony Machulus guilty
of manslaughter for causing the death of
Joseph rtowsk&wskl last September at
William. Pa. , i i ¦
They wore, all convicted last November
of first degT*** murder before Judge Hen
nlng. A new tr'.aJ wae granted. Rollas
BublesE, who struck the fatal blow, was
convicted of first degreo murder at a prior
session cf court.
The men are all Lithuanians. They
were members cf a secret society known
as "Propenokos." -which decided to put
Rowekowski out cf the way. Accordingly
the crowd lay in wait for him and Bubless
crushed his skull with an ax.
£ sward Accepted.
WASHINGTON. May 2S.-The steamer
Seward was tfvc& a trial near Seattle
yesterday and Is reported to have met
itll the contract requirements. She -was
thereupon accepted by the quartermaster
general in charjre of the army transport
service and will be sent to Alaska for uee
as a dispatch, boat by General Randall,
commanding the military department of
Alaska.
Killed by a Train.
:-re~'.s.l Dispatch to The Call.
i WOODLAND, May 23.— An unknown
man was found dead In the cattle guard
near "Woodland this mornlnsr. Ho had
been killed by a freight train Friday
nlc-ht and dragged 200 yards
LIEUTENANT NORWOOD, FIFTH D. ¦ G., RESCUING A WOUNDED
TROOPER AND .WINNING, A V. ,C. : •
"WASHINGTON. May 28. — General
Wade, who -was directed to proceed to tha
Northern Cheyenne Indian agency at
Tongue River. Montana, and lnvestlgato
the reports that the Indians had tha
"Messiah" craze and intended to risa
against the whites, has telegraphed the
adjutant general that he could find no rea
son to expect trouble. He eays the In
dians are In bad condition, but peaceable
and well disposed. The , aettlers on and
near the reservation claim to hava no fear
of trouble.
EUGENE. Or., May 26.— The steamer
Mink is reported sun* In the Siuslaw Riv
er, near Mapleton, at the head of tide
water. She is a small steamer and had
been carrying passengers and freight from
the head of tidt-water to Florence.
Indians Not Troublesome. «
law River.
Little Vessel Goes Down in the Sius-
STELAMEB MHTK SUNK.
KANSAS CITY. May 2S.— A change in
the ownership of the Kansas City Times
was announced this evening. County
Judge G. L. Chrisman. president of thf*
Times Company, and Secrctarv of States
A. fk. Lesmur, editor of the Times. haveH
purchased the large block of stock held
by John 3. Sullivan, the Jefferson City
capitalist. Mr. Sullivan is retiring from
the management of the property.
A statement given out at the Times of
fice to-night states that for some weeks
past a difference had existed between
Captain Lesu»ur and Mr. Sullivan as to>
the policy, and management of the news.
paper. Judge Chrisman sldtng with Cap
tain Lesueur. and that being unable to
harmonize these differences Judge Chris
man and Captain Lesueur to-day pur
chased Mr. Sullivan's interest In the busi
ness. : ;,; m 3MH
Kansas City Times.
John S. Sullivan Retires From tha
NEWSPAPER CHANGE.
To-night Kearney's resignation was ac
cepted. He announces that he will en
deavor to have another meeting to con
sider the matter, but the impression Is
that since he Is out he is now powerless*.
Raisin-Growers Refuse to Give Him,
FRESNO, May 26.— After a long, wrang
ling meeting the raisin growers to-day
refused to adopt the proposed amendment
to the by-laws giving • President Kearney
an Increase of salary of from J5C0 to ?Wi>)
a month. President Kearney delivered a
long speech, denouncing all who opposed
his effort to get $1000 a month. The bank
ers' cpmmittee, which had been called in
as arbiter and which overruled a number
of Kearney's pet measures, was brutally
denounced, as was also the newspapers.
The greater part of the day was con
sumed in talk and at 4 o'clock the ballot
ing began. The votes had not been
counted until 9:3t> this evening, when tha
result was made known. Kearney re
quired 531 votes to win and he received
350, while 260 were against him. All the
other proposed amendments were de
feated.
Desired Raise of Salary.
KEAENEY RESIGNS.
The Government corral at Manila has
been quarantined. There are four sus
pected cases of bubonic plague among tha
teamsters, who are living in filthy dwell
ings, which will be burned.
Since the murders on beard the steamer
El. Cano by the native crew coastwiso
captains have" been fearful of repetitions
of the tragedy and have requested the au
thorities to furnish soldier guards for
their steamers, which has been declined.
Threercommercial steamers are now in the
bay, their "Spanish captains refusing to
sail unprotected and others intend imitat
ing them. The authorities have returned,
to the captains their revolvers, of which
they were recently deprived.
MANILA, May 25.— Colonel Padilla. the
rebel Governor of Nueva Ecija, was cap
tured during the recent fighting at Nueva
Ecija and Is now in jail here.
ants a Cell in the Manila
Colonel Padilla of Nueva Ecija Ten-
INSURGENT GOVERNOR
TAKEN BY AMERICANS
skin and although small ia unusually fe
rocious toward its captor or any one else
who cornea near It.
Henry French of th!s ciU' and Judga
Slack of San Francisco have been engaged
as counsel to fight the matter.
; Captured a Lynx.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. May 26.— News comes
from the ' Salinas' Rfver" that John Camp
bell, a rancher; of that section,' captured
a live lynx on | his ranch a few days ago,
the first-animal of the kind taken alive
in, this vicinity for many years. The lynx
is: a fine specimen and has a beautiful
Funds Baissd by Citizens of San Jose
to Fight the Matter in
the Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 2G.— The -Opposition of
the - churches and temperance people to
the granting of a lease to Dr. S. P. Terry
for a hotel in Alum Rock Park, with the
privilege of selling liquor, has assumed
large proportions, and the question of the
Council's ritjht to do so will be fought oui
in the courts.
•At present there is a temporary injunc
tion, issued by Judge Rhodes standing in
the Councilmen's way of Issuing the lease.
This was up for hearing this morning, but
went over till Tuesday. A permanent in
junction is sought on the ground that ths
Council has no right to lease a portion or
a city park.
• At a meeting of "those in opposition ta
the hotel yesterday afternoon strong res
olutions against the project were passed
and ministers of various churches pledged
the necessary funds to carry the matter
to the higher courts Incase the temporary
injunction is dissolved, which it Is fearefl
will be 'done.- The city charter provides
for the leasing of part of the park for ho
tel purposes. •
OBJECT TO SALE OF
m. LIQUOR AT ALUM ROCK
Final Betails Considered at a Meeting
of Committeemen at
Philadelphia.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— A protracted
ineeting of the sub-committee of the Re-'
publican National Committee having in
charge the details and arrangements of
the approaching national convention in
Philadelphia was held here to-night. The
sub-committee consists of Senator M. A.
Hanna, General Charles Dick of Ohio,
Senator John Kean of New Jersey, Sena
tor N.. B. Scott of West Virginia, , Joseph
H. Manley of Maine, Henry C. Payne of
.Wisconsin and Richard C. Kerens of Mis
souri. George Wiswell of Milwaukee, who
¦is to be sergeant at arms of the conven
tion, was in consultation with the com
mittee during the greater part of its ses
sion.. He reported the convention hall as
about completed and ready to be turned
over to the committee.
Secretary Dick, presented a tabulated
list of the delegates to the convention
thus far selected, together with a list of
the contests indicated by the returns re
ceived by him up to date. Most of the
contests will be from the Southern States
but how mahy there are and the precise
nature of them cannot be determined aa
yet. ¦¦. -¦.•¦•
Informally the offices of temporary
chairman and temporary secretary were
discussed. IL may be said by authority
that Senator Wolcott of Colorado will be
the temporary chairman of the conven
tion." ; No definite selection of a temporary
secretary has been made. ¦
PLANS FOR REPUBLICAN
NATIONAL CONVENTION
Locomotive Cleaves the Air Like a
Knife in Its Trial Run and
No Accidents Mar tha
Journey. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— Railroad rec
ords between Baltimore anri Washington
were broken to-day when the cigar
shaped train of the Baltimore and Ohio
beat the best previous runs by two min
utes.
As the train i9 compelled to slow down
when approaching and passing through
cities to stations the spee'd was higher
than the figures seem to show, and it was
estimated byf Baltimore and Ohio em
ployes that the train rap the distance at
the rate of. ninety miles' an hour.
The train passed slowly out of the city,
but as soon ¦ as the open country was
reached the engineer gave the engine all
the steam it wanted, and aided by ita
shape the train cleaved the air like a
knife and dashed on to Washington.
No accidents marred the Journey. Offi
cials of thb Baltimore and Ohio are de
lighted with the results of the trial. It
Is a magnificent train and others like It
may be put on between Chicago and St.
Louis and New York to further shorten
the transcontinental Journey, wKTch has
already been reduced by the Baltimore
and Ohio.
Ninety Miles an Hour Made
Over the Baltimore
and Ohio.
CIGAR-SHAPED
TRAIN BREAKS
ALL RECORDS
LAST HONORS PAID THE
DEAD AT MAFEKING
Viljoen Drift, on ti.o frontier north of
Wol%-e Hoeck. The local mines are un
injured and work is going on as usual.
There is no enemy this side of the river.
Hunter reached Vryburg May 24."
MAFEKING,- May»21<---,The ' Boers to ¦, the v
.south' -retlred"-f rom.V'Kuliapa;- t^i^rnHes'
east of'Slartiza^:and$Wfi^alffcg\i>$ck fur-,
ther ¦ on ' Barpllspanl '• .? The?Bder3' routed
here rallied a. few miles east ofPolfon
tein. . •¦ - •¦ '- V-^:. ¦ ¦ . : ; - : , .
A-cornetj who failed ? to ; support- Com
mandant Elo'ff In thelatter's attack on
Mafeklng, in. which Eloff was captured,
wrote a letter sympathizing with him.
Eloff replied that he hoped the devil and
all his angels would torment him eternal
ly and that he and his would rot. -
MAFEKING, May 13.— The entire garri
son paraded this . morning to a thanks
giving-service. Colonel- Baden-Powell ad
dressed the men, saying:
"We have been unable to fire a volley
over the graves of our killed, being fear
ful of drawing the fire of the enemy's
Buns." * .
To-day the garrison paid the last hon
ors to th<» dead, assembling in the grave
yard and bidding: good-by_ to' their fallen
comrades. After sounding the last post
the garrison attempted to sins the nation
al anthem; but could hardly be heard, as
the men choked with emotion. Colonel
Baden-P<«well was deeply affected and ad
dressed each unit separately. He told the
town ruard those who ' wished ¦would be
permitted to return to their civilian avo
cations.' To the Rhodesian column, in a
characteristic manner, he said: "We've
kicked out the Boer protectorate."
¦ ¦ . "*
RETURNING TO THEIR FARMS.
PRETORIA, May 26.— The prosecution
has withdrawn the charges of murder In
connection, with the explosion of the. Beg.
NEWCASTLE, Friday, May 25.— Louis
ICoch, a magistrate of the Free State, has
surrendered. He says that all the burgh
ers in the Harrlsmith-Verde district have
returned to their farms and refuse to con
tinue fighting. If. as reported. President
Steyn is in Vrede, he will rirobably go
northward toward Laings Neck if he finds
any followers. • ,
DID NOT CAUSE THE EXPLOSION.
LONDON, May 27.— Spenser Wilkin
son, reviewing the situation at the
seat of war in South Africa for the
Associated Press, says:
"Lord Roberts Is keeping a tight
hand on all telegrams in order not to dis«
close his moves. After occupying Rhenos
ter he pushed his left wing jtt once toward
Parys. where the Vaal River was crossed
on Thursday. The whole army seems to
have changed its direction to the left, as
General Hamilton's original right wing
was to-day at Boschbank, half way from ,
Parys to the railroad bridge at Viljoena,
Drift, which is being watched by Roberts
scouts.
"General Hamilton probably crossed the
Vaal to-day, assisted, if necessary, "by a
march up the river of the force that
crossed at Parys. The whole force prob
ably will be across the Vaal by Sunday
afternoon. Johannesburg then will be two
marches distant.
"I suppose that Lord Roberts will push
on General Hamilton to turn the Boers,
while Generals ' Tucker and Pole-Carew
will attack in front.
"The Boers, as usual, must either be en
veloped or go. Very special efforts will
be made to cut off their retreat, as Lord
Roberts Is now determined to capture
them if possible. He relies fully on Ian
Hamilton, whose combination of fire and
prudence justifies every confidence.
"If the Boers escape toward Pretoria
Lord Roberts will probably follow swiftly
and be at Pretoria in less than a week.
"The Boers say they have retaken Heil
bron. General Roberts will neglect that,
but will guard the railway, which I think
he will not wait to repair before going to
Pretoria,
"General Buller at Laings Nek is eight*
or nine marches from Johannesburg, sup
posing that the road is clear. Roberts'
advance must make the Boers at Volks
rust uneasy, and so will facilitate Buller's
advance, •
"General Hunter when a? Mafeklng will
be eleven marches from Pretoria, and it is
impracticable therefore rfor the Boer9 to
make any serious resistance at Pretoria,
where to wait would mean to be hemmed
in between three British, armies.
"The Boer plan is to* retreat to the
Lydenburg hills, which would postpone
but not avert the catastrophe; but the
condition and strength of the Boer forces
after the coming week's operations re
main to be seeen. Possibly the* difficulty
b- supply may compel General Roberts
to pause on *the Vaal and repair the rail
vsay, thus giving time to General Buller
and General Hunter to invade the Trans
vaal. I fancy, however, that Lord Rob
erts will prefer the bolder course and
try to end this war right now.
"Many points in ihe recent operations
are obscure. Thus, the long pause of
Genera! Lyttleton at Sundays Kiver" and
the subsequent 'silence suggests that he
may co-operate with General Kundle to
finish the Free Staters' resistance. There
has been no distinct report from General
Mcthuen since that from Hoopstad. He
probably crossed the Vaal near Parys.
"Lord Roberts marches in a very broad
front, with his cavalry wings thrown for ;
ward. General Buller probably cannot
adopt the same plan in the rugjjed coun
try of Northern Natal, but, once Buller
Is up In the hills or the table lands of the
Transvaal, he will be able to spread out
and move rapidly. .
"Lord Roberts has a wonderful power
of picking a special man for every special
work. Ian Hamilton, the brilliant gen
eral, was shot to pieces at Majuba in the
first' BOer war. Since then he has made a
great mark in training the Indian army to
ehoot 'Straight, and was himself one of
tho best officers In India. Another tried
and able man is Sir William Nicholson,'
who was chief of staff to General . Lock
hard in Tirah.' He is now running all the
| transport for ' General Roberts, I whose
army since IV reached Bloemfonteln" has
been weir supplied. Nothing shows-, the
great commander more.Hhan his;' finding
his men and giving them free hand. Rob
erts himself has incomparable dash and
boldness, coupled with great circumspec
tion; hence . I expect- rapid, strides, now
that the' crisis is at hand."
BRITISH SCOUTS
ON THE FRONTIER
LONDON, i May 26, 3 p. :. m.— The War
Office. has received the following dispatch
from Lord Roberts:. : * , * . ¦ * ; j .
"WOLVE HOECK, Orange Free State,
May 26.— An advanced portion of the' force
crossed the .-.Vaal River on the Queen's
birthday. ; near. Parys. | Hamilton's column
Is at Roachbank. Our scouts ars now at
ble factory . at Johannesburg against
Messrs. Longville and Perret, Belgians,
William Begbie. and Thomas Richards, a
colored American. All the accused were
acquitted. An application was made that
the men be rearrested and put over the
border, but this wa3 refused.
BRITONS CROSS THE VAAL,
PRETORIA, May 26.— An \ official bul
letin says: "The British have crossed the
,CV*aaLat Groblers Drift, near Parys. The
high level bridge at Vreneeninging .has
been blown up by the Federals. General
Dutoil advises the burghers are coming
forward in. force, determined to fight to
the end. After' retaking Heilbron the
Federals followed the British as far as
Wolve Hoeck."
British Engineers Dynamiting 1 the Railroad Track in Rear of the Boer Army.
(From the Sphere.)
ON LORD ROBERTS' ADVANCE TOWARD PRETORIA MAJOR HUNTER- WESTON, WITH A PARTY OF
TEX MEN OF THE ENGINEER CORPS, PASSED THROUGH THE BOER LINES AND DESTROYED A PORTION
OF THE RAILROAD TRACK IN THEIR REAR WITH DYNAMITE. AS A RESULT A NUMBER OF ENGINES AND
MUCH OTHER ROLLING STOCK WERE CUT OFF AND FELL INTO THE HANDS OF THE BRITISH.
British flrmy of invasion ,May Pause
on the Vdal Before Entering
Transvaal Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"A "T EW YORK. May 2o.— Actual developments in connection wfth the failed
|\ I J firm of Price. McCormick & Co. to-day were meaner, although a report
I \i was current in Wall street that the liabilities were mere nearly $16,000,000
J than $13,000,000. No one hazards a guess at the extent of the assets.
though the feeling in the street is that If the house pays fifty cents on the
doll.'rr it will do better than is expected.
The assignee, Mr. Curtis, was asked as to the tr\:th of the statement that' the
firm's liabilities might prove to be in excess of $13,000,000. He would not deny
that this might prove to be the case, but declined to commit himself.
W. W. Price said to-day that he did not know that' any cable message had
been sent to George Crocker, special partner of the firm, now in Rome, asking
him to retract his remarks about the speculations of one of the members of the
firm.
"This has all been gone over in the newspapers." said he, "and it Is gener
ally unders'tood that the failure of the iirm is due to the speculation of one of the
members. I thought everybody knew that. What Is the good of wasting tima
over cable messages? Settling with creditors is the important thing on hand. It
Is the same old Wall street game, and wo are up against it."
R. M. Stuart-Wortley. member of the firm, w-ho is a son-in-law of Admiral
Schiey, returned from a European trip to-day on the steamer ' Lucanla of the
Cunard line. When seen on the pier he positively refused to discuss the affairs
of his firm or to comment on the caur.es which had led to the suspension.
"You probably know more than I do on the subject." he remarked*. "The
newspapers seem to have given every possible fact and I have not yet been able
to get any other information. Of course, it was a surprise to me."
When Mr. Stuart- Wortley left for England he was a wealthy man. He pro
ceeded immediately from the pier to his office, where for a tlnie he was closeted
with Mr. Price and the assignee. I'pon leaving the office he appeared much
downcast, but he had nothing to say.
Reports were circulated in Wall street during the day that the firm. If it
resumed, would do so without the presence in it again of one of its members.
The person referred to was understood to be Mr. Price, who is also understood to
be the partner to whom reference was made by Mr. Crocker.
The matter attracted but little attention, as Wall street concerns itself less
with the composition of a tlrm than the settlement of obligations, and the firm's
settlement. In the mind of conservative commission houses, is regarded as still a
long way off.
In the same connection, it was said that there was nothing more in the plan
proposed to allow customers to take up their stocks. This is the course pursued,
so several stock exchange commission houses stated, in all stock exchange fail
ures where loans are reasonably margined. The only surprise* manifested was
over the apparent anomaly of the firm being solvent in its stock transactions and
insolvent in cotton. »
The capitalization of the firm is said to have been a million and a half dol
lars, instead of a million, as originally named. Of this sum T. II. Price had $300,
000; George Crocker" s special interest was $500,000," and the interests of Messrs.
McCormick and Stuart- Wortley were $250,000 each. Walter W. Price's Interest was
said to have been nominal.
The firm's loans from the local banks are said to aggregate about $4,000,000.
Nearly all of them were time loans, and were made during the period when in
terest rates were higher and stock values were lower than they are now. It la
pointed out that in view of this fact the banks probably will continue to hold
on to their collateral until maturity. . ,
' Theodore H. Price, in reply to the alleged statement of his special partner.
George Crocker, that his (Mr. Price's) speculations had ruined the firm, said to
day: "In the first place, I doubt very much its veracity, but I have cabled to Sir.
Crocker requesting that he withdraw it."
DefuQctFirmof Price, McCormick
& Co. in Worse Straits Than Was
at first Supposed.
If tbe Concern Pays Fifty Cents on the Dollar It
Will Do Better Trjqn Expected— One Partner
to Be Dropped in Reorganization-
LIABILITIES ABOUT
SIXTEEN MILLIONS
CENSORS CONCEAL
ROBERTS' TACTICS
CHICAGO INVADED
BY ARMED FORCE
Captain Strceter's Minions Ta^e
Possession of "District of LaKe .
Michigan" at Midnight.
After Landing From a "Transport" the "Troops"
AlaKe a Display of Gatling Guns and Win
chesters, but Finally Surrender to Police.
CHICAGO, May 26.— Chicago was Invaded at 1 o'clock, this? morning by the
i-my of a hostile State numbering thirteen men— the "District of Lake
llichigan." The invasion ended in a farce comedy, but came near to being
finished in dcaOly earnest. The casualties include oae boy shot in the leg
and one horse killed. Five invaders were arrested and the balance were
allowed to escape.
The trouble was precipitated by Captain George W. Streeter. a squatter, who
has from time to time created much trouble and litigation by his efforts to seize
lard along the shore of Lake Michigan. The land which he has for some time
claimed to be the "District of Lake Michigan" consists of made land on the
*r...re of Lincoln Park, a part of It Including one of the main park boulevards.
The courts have decided against the squatter again and again, but he has been
persistent in his efforts to grab the property. He claims that made land along the
Illinois shore does not belong to the State of Illinois, but is instead public do
main, tree to whoever settles upon it. Streeter organized the force which made
the descent upon Lincoln Park to-day, but was not with them In person. The
transport containing the- "troops" arrived off Lincoln Park sroon after midnight
at;<2 without difficulty they made a landing at the foot of Superior street and for
mally took possession of ISS acres of lar,.i claimed by Captain Streeter and his
subjects as the independent territory, the "District of Lake Michigan."
Rapid-fire puns, it is alleged, were on the transport decks, ready to cover, if
r.ocersarj-. the lancir.s of the troop?, but the shores were soon reached and with
out opposition the men made their way through the surf, rallied around their
leader, "Commandant" William 'Niles, ar.d hoisted an American flag in the center
of the invaded district.
Police Officer James O'Malley was on guard at the shore and hastened to
so::u a r«»j><irt of the Invasion to the Ea^t Ch'.oag-o-avenue station, which in turn
transmitted tie infer inati-jn to Inspector Heldelmeyer. It was decided to take
no action npainst the invaders until af.cr consultation with the City Law De
partment.
As far as lejral advice was concerned the invaders had all the best of it.
The "commandant" Is the legal authority of the district government, holding-.
besides bla military title, that of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Under
Ws orders the transport, v.hidh is known only as "Biekl^burg's sailboat," hove
to :.nd droppeH anchor. Then it la alleged there were landed seventy-five Spring
field rifles with 1200 rounds of ammunition and two Gatling sruris.
Inuaedlately on landing a line of fortifications was marked out. A line of
plank was laid along the western edge of the claimed territory and a barbed wire
for.ee was stretched about a foot above it. Two forts, each about twelve feet
square and forming an embankment of dirt and piling about five feet high, were
y thrown up on either side of Superior street. Sentinels were detailed to
patrol a picket line just inside the barbed wire. The "commandant" gave orders
to his rnea that no one should be allowed to cross this line.
j^h riot calls Krere turned in and Chief of Police' Kipley was personally
notified, the Cits* Law Department was consulted before any action was taken
by the police.
Charles Erley, secretary of the Lincoln Park Board, was the first official to
attempt to force the line, but the determined and threatening attitude of the in
vaders compelled him to withdraw.
A short time afterward Paul Redelski. Lincoln Park superintendent, came
hurrying op la his buggy, but facing the same situation, he withdrew. At this
Juncture Captain Barney Eatr of the park police dashed up in his buggy and
attempted to force his way across the line. As bis horse would have crossed
thf "boundary^ "General" Niles ra.n forward and tired four shots from a gun.
It :s supposed that he did not mean to wound the captain, for he appeared to
aim only at the horse. The horse fell dead and one of .the shots, having sped
1 eyondj wounded Reuben Manley, 14 years of age, who was one of the crowd of
curious onlookers! The ball struck his rigrht knee. Inflicting a serious wound. An
oth«T bullet pju-sed through the lapel of Detective Hiatt's coat.
While the onlookers fcl! back and the excitement of the morning gave way
to 3, panic, another horse and buggy approached the line, but "Judge" Niles still
maintained !-Js ground. The occupants of the vehicle, a man named Murphy
and i-.is lU-ytar-nid daughter, did not sw^em to realize the gravity of 'the 'situa-"
tion rind the man pressed his horse forward. Niles clubbed his rifle, attacked
Murphy with the weapon and forced the horse back from the territory.
Meanwhile a conferer.ee had been held in the office of Acting Mayor Walker
and it had been determined that the squatters should be driven out at any cost.
Chief of Police Kipley was instructed at once to mobilize his forces and use such
measures as might Le necessary. The plan was to have the Lincoln Park police
order the Streeter force to disband, and if they did not to have President Wick
ershaxn of the Lincoln Park Board call upon the Chief. The Sheriff was to re
peat the demand and call upon the police to disperse them if there was further
resistance. In this way there would be no question as to the jurisdiction.
Chief of Police Kipley secured the co-operation of Fire Marshal Sweeney and
the tug Illinois was detailed to carry forty men with rifles down the river to ap
proach the district from the lake. Ail reserve forces under Inspector Hartnett at
Harrison street. Inspector Calas. Inspector Shea at Desplaines street and Inspec
tor Heidelmeyer and the East Chicago avenue station were ordered to rendezvous
at the latter station. Then orders were issued to bring up the police battery,
consisting nf one Gatling gun and two smoothbores.
All these preparations required time, and it was agreed that 3:30 would be
the hour at •which the forces would be In readiness. Chief of Police Kipley when
notified that" 500 men awaited his- orders at the East Chicago avenue station
selected as his aids Inspectors Hartnett, Heidelmeyer and Shea. Sheriff
Magorstat found that by enlisting bailiffs and almost his entire force he would
master about 100 assistants. Then the Chief heard from Captain Fowler of the
Police Battery, who had already begun active preparations in getting the guns
ready. '. " ¦
By 3 p. m. streetcars and the corning and going of sixteen patrol wagons had
collected BOO policemen at the East Chicago avenue police station. At the same
time Chief of Police Kiuley had a telephone message that 200 officers were on
their way too from Hyde Park by way of the Illinois Central Railway to the
North Side.
It was found that the fireboat was so busy with a big fire on South Water
Ftreet that it could not be used, and a city tug was pressed into service. Police
Captain Revere was put in charge of the men on this boat.
The trouble was over, however, before the naval attack .could be made, and
to-night Buckleburg'p sailboat returned quietly to South Chicago.
The impending conflict ended in a fiasco about 15 minutes after 3 o'clock.
When "Judge" Niles and his four men— all that was left of his army— heard
that they were to be ousted they sent word to Captain Baer requesting a parley.
I'pon his appearance the five men surrendered and were escorted to the East
Chicago avenue police station. On the way there the police attempted to dis
arm the members of the "army," and the efforts of the squatters to retain their
rifles created some commotion.
After his rifle had been taken from Xlles and while he was on his way to the
station he was struck several times by men in the crowd that pressed around
him. Once he endeavored to snatch his rifle from the officer who carried it, in
tending to shoot a man who had Just hit him. but was quickly subdued by the
police.
Etreeter caused to be circulated by the men who took' possession of the land
a grandiloquent proclamation, written after the style of the Declaration of In
dependence, in which he stated at great length that the land did not belong to
the State of Illinois nor anybody else and was the property of whomsoever set
to his men that no one should be allowed to cross this Mine.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, 3IAY 27, 1900-^THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 188.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Jail.
'?¦'¦}'¦'¦
The San Francisco Call
Pages 13 to 22
Para 13 to 22Guarding Against Plague.
NEW YORK, May :«.-Negotlatlon 8 hare
been carried on between several wealthy Eng
lishmen and - Lone ; Island . real-estata men for
some time with. a view to forming aa English
WASHINGTON^May M.-Weutenant Colonel
John B. Mallory. Forty-first Infantry, has been
detailed as one of the officers to obtain military
Information abroad. He will be designated as
military attache and assigned to the American
Legation at Peking,
WASHINGTON. May 16.— The Secretary of
War has appointed a board of medical officers
to meet at QuemaAos, Cuba, for the purpose of
pursuing scientific Investigations with refer
ence to the lnfeotloiiB diseases prevalent on the
Island of Ctiba. ,
WASHINGTON. May W.-Senator Pettlgrew
has Introduced a resolution calling upon the
Secretary of War for Information as to . the
number of Filipinos who have been killed In
tfce Philippines since February 5, 1S98. .
CHICAGO, May 28.-T1mothy B. ' BlackBtene,
formerly president of the Chlcaro and" Alton
Railroad and one of the oldest and most promi
nent railroad executive officers lnChlcaco; died
suddenly at his residence In this city.
WATERLOO. Iowa. May *6.— The Rev., TV. 6.
Craft, & leading- member of the Upper Iowa
Conference and pastor of the Methodist Church
at Waterloo for three years, died suddenly last
evening of rheumatism of the heart. : :-
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— Jacob Furth,
president- of the Puret Bound | National Bank,
yesterday purchased the coal. mine at Renton
from the Renton Coal Company. . The price
paid was about 590,000. . , . .
¦WHEELING, W. Va v May 18.— Judge O. W.
Jeflers. Judge of the Municipal Court and for
merly Mayor, was found dead In his law office.
He had been missed for more than a week.
WASHINGTON. May : :«.— The Benatt con
firmed to-day ' the . nomination of W. R. Ed
wards of Fargo. N. P., to be Reoelver of Pub
lic Moneys at Rampart City, Alaska.
SYRACUSE. N. T,. May J8.—Brnest Hecht,
who confessed to murdering Mrs. Louisa Fos
ter, made no resistance when taken Into cus
tody by the police. ¦¦• . . ~ J -;.. *:
RICHMOND, Va.. May M.— CaptaJn Pan Me.
Carty, one of the principals In the famous
Mordecal-McCarty duel, is dead, the result of a
long lllnesi. • ;¦>
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
LONDON, May 26.— There was a larg«
and fashionable gathering to witness the
marriage this \aftern09n at St. Paul's.
Knightsbridge, V>f Hubert Beaumont, son
of William Blackett Beaumont, a former
member of Parliament, and a nephew of
the Marquis of Clanricard. to Eliza Mer
cedes, daughter of M. P. Grace, formerly
of New York.
Miss Grace "Weds a Briton,
WASHINGTON. May 26.— The Secretary
of War has awarded the contract for the
construction of a breakwater at San Pe
dro Cal., to the California Construction
Company at Its bid of $2,375,000. The orig
inal contractors for thla work failed in
the' performance of contract requirements
and their contract was annulled.
San Pedro Contract Awarded.
PETALUMA, May 26— The Grangers of
this section held a meeting to-day for the
purpose of making a strong effort to get
the district fair for this city. The fair
will be held In the latter part of August
or early in September. Much Interest is
being taken by farmers and residents of
this section, who will strain every point
to get the fair for this city.
0
Petaluma "Wants the Fair.
CHRISTIANIA. May 26.— The Storthing
has unanimously voted credit to the
amount of one million kroner for new
quick-firing field guns. It has also voted
one hundred thousand kroner for the flrst
installment for fortifications at Chris
tlansand. The Ministry has announced Its
determination ' to resign because ths
Prince Regent has refused to sanction the
tonnage tax bill.
Swedish Cabinet "Will Resign.
DENVER, May 26.— A flre occurred at
the Globe plant of the American Smelting
and Refining Company to-night which
entirely destroyed the engine-house and
damaged the machinery to the extent of
probably several thousand dollars, al
though It Is now Impossible to give any
reasonable estimate on the loss. The of
ilclals of the company express the opinion
that although the damage will cause con
siderable annoyance it will not necessitate
the closing of the plant. ,
Smelting Plant Damaged.
Attendance Was Large and enter
tainment Was ,Very Pleasing
and Varied.
The- first entertainment and social of the
Rlncon Club took place last evening in
Union Square Hall. The first part consist
ed of musical and literary exercises. The
musicians were: W. Koesel's orchestra,
Master Willie Sable, Joseph Hanson,
Charles Hay, Messrs. Murray and Pa
checo, the JLeague of the Cross Cadets'
band and J. W. Fisher. James O'Brien re
cited popular selections. After the enter
tainment the club and friends danced.
The committee were: Arrangements^ —
James" K. Power, John Whalen, Thomas
Phelan, Henry Power, John 1\ Daly. Wll
bert Moye, Con Donovan, Thcmaa Smith.
Joseph Mitchell, Martin Kenny and Ar
thur King. Reception— John Keating, C.
Anderson, Thomas McXabal, John Kings
ton, Milton Noye and Dan O'Xeil. Tho
floor manager was Harry O'Connor, who
was assisted by John Whalen. The affair
was successful and very enjoyable in all
respects.
Manufacture of Steel Cars.
Few people realize how rapid the growth
of the steel car Industry has been. Three
years ago there was practically nothing
done in that line, while to-day there are
10 000 men and boyBin the United States
earning their. living at it. and the Ameri
can steel car Is to be found not only all
over the American continent but in the
wilds of Africa and other regions in which
for obvious reasons It Is preferred to the
wooden vehicle. A load that would crush
the ordinary wooden car is carried with
ease by Its steel successor; 100,000 pounds
Is a common epecincation for their capa
city, and only recently 2500 cars, each ca
pable of carrying this Immense/weight,
were ordered by three of the leading
American railroads, the value of the order
amounting to $2,750,000.
The greater the carrying capacity of the
steel car the smaller the ratio of its
weight to the load carried. IThe steel car
carrying 100,000 pounds , weighs 35.000
pounds, the same as a wooden car that
carries only 70,000 pounds; the life of the
wooden car averages fifteen years, and It
costs $35 a year to keep it In repair; the
steel car, it' is estimated, will run for fifty
years, and Its repair bill amounts to but
$10 to $15 a year. No wonder the steel car
building company has work ahead for sev
eral years to come.
RINCON CLUB OPENING
NIGHT WAS A SUCCESS
Charles Adams, a Youthful Orator,
Creates a Sensation in De
bate With Men.
A debate before the Y. M. C. A. Uterary
Society last evening developed a young
orator, Charles Francis Adams, aged 19,
who advanced telling arguments In the
negative on the question of the retention
of the Philippine Islands by the United
States. There were three other debaters,
all adults— Edwin T. Hook, Alexander
Keller and Henry Warfleld. They spoke
with some force, but the surprise of the
evening was the talk of young Adams.
Sending the army and navy to the Phil
ippines, he said, did not authorize holding
them. One said that the Philippines had
been taken by right of conquest; but then
admitted that.tbera were rebels to sub
due, which seemed to indicate" that they
had not been conquered after all. Where
did the constitution of the United States
authorize the holding of colonies? Did
the people of the United States desire to
have the Filipinos as fellow citizens, to
vote and take part in American politics
and to come and go at will and compete
with those born on the soil of the United
States? There were eighty tribes in the
Philippines and many ol them were more
barbarous than ever were North Ameri
can Indians. <,^* •' -
One speaker had said, fo'young Adams
remarked emphatically, that- It would be
a good thing to have cheap sugar from
the Philippines to take the place of Ger
man sugar In the American market. Did
not that speaker know 'that Claus Spreck
els had established beet 'sugar factories
in California that had given much em
ployment and prosperity to the State, the
product alrealy helping to shut out for
eign sugar? Would it be a good thing to
have cheap sugar when the cheapness
came by reason of low wages and by the
establishment of competition that would
lower wages in California? Was It proper
to take from the Filipinos the rights that
they had that they might be given a sys
tem that' they would not appreciate?
What had become of the principle that
governments rightfully exist only by the
consent of the governed?
When the boy with the historic name
sat down he was greeted with a round of
applause. . ¦ .'.."¦
MADE ABLE ARGUMENT
AGAINST EXPANSION
holy sepulcher from the Moslems.
Margraf of Ulrich. who lived In the thir
teenth century, was an adventurous
Prince, and it is believed that the ting
which the Kaiser now wears came Into
tjlrlcn's possession after a hard fought
battle under the walls of Jerusalem. , It
belonged to one of Saladin's successor*,
and in some unexplained way it found its
way to the finger of the German knisht.
Some ope of the Nuremberg Marsrra i; i
obliterated the sentence from the Koran
which originally adorned It and engraved
a Latin cross in its place.
The ring is now only worn by the Kaiser
on ureat occasions of state, or when he
Is participating in any particularly solemn
religious ceremony, as the swearing in of
re The U Kaiser Is not generally believed to
be a superstitious man, so we are some
what curious to know In wfiat light hd |
views this singular possession of his.
Switzerland is cheerful 'over the resuK.^
of itst exports to the United States last
year. The total for the year was J17.234.
8A3 29, an increase of S3,375,42S 39. or Zi per
cant over 1S9S. ¦---....
papers Issue subpenas. admlnlater oaths, ex
amine -witnesses, employ stenographers, expert
accountants and other necessary assistance, and
the expenses of said Investigation shall be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate upon
vouchers approved by the chairman of tho
committee.
The Kaiser's Precious Old Ring.
Whenever the Kaiser 13 engage*} in an
Important function, either Imperial or
royal, those near him notice that shou:d
he by any chance take the glove off hU
left hand he wears on the middle fln?er
a large ring— a square, dark-colored stone
•et In massive gold.
The story is that the ring Is an old heir
loom In the Hohenzollern family, dating
from the time when the ancestors of the
Kaiser— the Margrafs of Nuremberg—fol
lowed their leade"? to the capture of tha
. WASHINGTON. May 23.— Following la
the text of the resolution ordering an in
vestigation Into the administration of Cu
ban affairs, which passed tho Senate to
day:
Resolved. That tha Committee en Relations
With Cuba Is hertby directed to investigate
and report to the Senate as early as practicable
regarding tha moneys received and expended
In the Island of Cuba by. througb and under
the officials and representative* of ths United
States, both civil and military, from the data
of the occupation of Cuba by the military forces
of the United States until and Inclvdln* tb«
20th of April. 1300.
Said committee shall Investigate and report
as to the receipts aa follows:
From customs, from postal service, from In
ternal revenue and from all other sources,
specifying the details as far aa practicable, and
.ptirticularly the places where and dates within
which such amounts were collected or received
and the officer or ofQcera collecting and re
ceiving the same; also th* law und»r whlca
such amounts in each Instance were collected
or received.
Said committee shall inyestlcate and report
as to the expenditure of such amounts received
the necessity and propriety thereof, specifying
In classes and In detail so far aa practicable
said expenditures, and particularly th» work,
services or property for which said expendi
tures were made and the value thereof; also
the law or authority under which said ex
penditures were made, the officer, civil or mili
tary, by whom said expenditure* were author
ized and the officer, civil or military, by whom
the expenditure was made, and tha particular
fund from which the money was taken fur
said expenditure.
Said committee shall also report a statement
of all public works of every kind, including
buildings, wharves, railroads and all other
structures built or constructed. Improved, re
paired or decorated by or under the authority
of any such officer, civil or military, and In
each instance the cost, value, necessity and
propriety of the same and tha uses to which
said buildings or structures have been put.
Where said bulldlnxs and works wer« con
structed or improvements were made by con
tract, or 'where the material used in the same
wi9 furnished by contract, the committee shall
report copies of, each of said contracts and the
names of all paxtiea Interested in each of taa
tami.
Said committee (\ha!l also report a statement
of the personal pruperty which was purchased
or procured or entrusted to any officer, civil
or military. In Cuta •within said time, the cost
and value of the same and the uses to wbtcb
said property have been put and the disposition
which has been made thereof.
Bald committee* Is authorized tr> conduct said
investigation and make such report - by sub
committee or committees . appointed by the
chairman, and the committee or any sub-com
mittee thereof is authorized to sit during tha
recess of Congress at such placs or p!aoe« la
the United States or Cuba as may be necessary
and Is empowered to send for persons and
Resolutions Calling for
Sweeping Investigation
Ordered.
Committee Instructed to Probe Into
All Official Acts Since tho*
Date of Occupa-.*
tion.
SENATE WANTS
FULL REPORTS ON
CUBAN AFFAIRS
BAKERSFIELD, May • 26.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee met to
day and appointed the following delegates
to the State convention: J. R. Price
Randsburg; John Kett, Tehachapi- E>r'
Lindsay, Tehachapl; S. A. Woody'
Woody; E. M. Roberts," J. W. Ahem H
A: ¦- Jastro. N. R. Packard, B. Brundage
J. W. P. Laird. Bakersfleld. ' 5l
l>emocratic Delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, May 26. — At a meeting of the
Democratic County Central Committee to
day the following delegates were elected
to the State convention: At large— Joseph
A.. Chanslor, W. D. Crichton, J. M. Bris
coe, Mark R. Flalsted and James A.
Ward. District delegates— J. N. Daniels,
D.: Wright, H. W. Larue, 1 C. W. Siegler.
R. E. L. Good, John Shipp, Dan Dismukes,
T.-E. Collins. J.J. White, E. H. Tucker.
C. E. Barnett. J. A. Burns. John Marian,
John Pairweather, John Lindsay. A reso
lution was passed recommending M. F.
Tarpey as delegate at large to the na
tional convention.
Fresno Democrats Meet.
NEW YORK. May 26.— The Evening
Post says: Ex-Senator David B. Hill and
ex-Senator Edward Murphy had another
talk with. Elliott Danforth, chairman of
the executive committee of the Democrat
ic State Committee, at the Hoffman House
this afternoon and started for Albany this
afternoon. Mr. Hill is satisfied with the
result of his trip to New York. He has
conferred with the leaders of Tammany
Hall and of the Kin?s County Democra
'cy and It was announced authoritatively
before noon that the programme for the-
State convention had been agreed upon by
all parties concerned. The features of the.
programme are:
First, the convention will Indorse the
candidacy of William J. Bryan and rec
ognize him as "our national leader"; sec
ond, the Chicago platform will not be af
firmed; third, the delegates to the nation
al convention will not be instructed.
Convention Prepareu.
Programme of the New York State
WELL INDOESE BRYAN.
"You may state that the Tammany dele
gation to Kanaas City will be solid for the
renomlnation of Mr. Bryan. Regarding
the possibility of my brother being the
candidate for Vice President, I am not
authorized by him to make any announce
ment. It is entirely a matter personal to
himself at.thig time."
The Journal and Advertiser will to-mor
rpw print an interview with Richard
Croker, obtained in London by William
T. Stead. Speaking on the present situa
tion in the United States. Mr. Croker de
clares emphatically that he is for William
J. Bryan for President, and he believes
Mr. Bryan will beat Mr. McKinley on
election day. lie says he also thinks Mr.
Bryan is right in sticking to the 16 to 1
silver issue, but declares that, in hl9
opinion, trusts and Imperialism will be
the prlnoipal issues of the campaign. He
says Admiral Dewey is not In the running
for the Presidency, though he . might do
for a running mate. •
«,
A delegation composed of two National
Committeemen and three of the personal
advisers of Colonel Bryan called on'Mr.
Coogan at the City Hall this noon by ap
pointment. . The consultation lasted an
hour, after which Mr. Coogan admitted
he had made the contribution, but de
clined to say anything regarding Vice
Presidential aspirations. His brother, Ed
ward Cooean, said: t ¦
NEW YORK, May 26. — James J. Coo
gan, president of the borough of Manhat
tan, and a leader of Tammany Hall, con
tributed $100,000 to the Democratic Na
tional Committee with the stipulation
that It Is to be rescinded if William J.
Bryan be not nominated. The committee
will be allowed to make such use of this
fund as It may see fit. This contribution
gave rise to the story in political circles
to-day that Mr. Coogan would be Colonel
Bryan's running mate on the national
ticket this summer. It is known the Bryan
managers want an Eastern man on the
tail of the ticket and' prefer that he come
from New York State or c^y.
* •
Richard Croker Declares Emphati
cally for the Nebraska Orator
- and Predicts the Defeat
of McKinley.
James J. Coogan Contributes
$100,000 to the Campaign
Fund. >
TAMMANY MAN
WHO WOULD BE
BRYAN'S MATE
duty's mission home at Shanghai. Is en
route to Cincinnati, his former home, to
spend a year"s vacation. To-day he said:
"China will at last make a vigorous effort
to stamp out the 'boxers,* a secret society
that for two years paat has been engaged
in a war against the Government, mur
dering natives, missionaries and foreign
ers in general. The edict has gone forth
from Peking. Armies are being gathered
and sent into the Infected provinces. Sev
eral of the bloodthirsty leaders have been
arrested and thrown in jail to await crim
inal prosecution, while officers are now
engaged in searching the city of Peking,
hoping there to bring to light the real
heads of the organization. But the end is
not yet and It remains to be seen whether
the attempt will be successful."
WASHINGTON. May 26.— The Navy Depart
ment has made the formal announcement that
the new cruiser Albany, now nttln* out at
Xewcastle-on-Tyne, which la to serve as the
nucleus of the re-established European squad
ron, will be put In commission about May 30,
under Captain Craig; late hydrographer of the
navy, and will cruise in the Mediterranean for
the present.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Senator Morgan
has Introduced a bill giving the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia Jurisdiction in the
cases of turs^ns "who shall commit at crime
against the United States or a violation of the
criminal laws of the United States not within
a State." The bill is intended to apply to
crimes committed against the United States In
Cuba. .
"WASHINGTON, May 26.— Secretary Root sent
to the Senate, in response to an Inquiry, a re
port from . General Davis, Governor of Porto
Rico, relating to expenses of the army In Porto
Klco. According: to the report there has been
but small expenditure for quarters, furniture,
carriages, etc., and these only such as were
absolutely necessary.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Commissioner Bln
ger Hermann of the General Land Office has
Issued an order Instructing superintendents of
forest reserves throughout the West to plant
suitable saplings and trees where portions of
the forests have been destroyed by flre.
WASHINGTON. May 26.— It Is understood
that the President has decided to appoint as
a member of the Industrial Commission to suc
ceed M. D. Ratchford. resigned. Charles
Leltchman of Massachusetts, formerly general
secretary of the Knights of Labor.
"WASHINGTON, May 26.— (The State Depart
ment has received from the British Embassa
dor a formal application for the extradition of
Count o> Toulouse Lautrec. now under arrest
in Chicago on a charge of swindling and for
gery, committed In Montreal.
colony on Lonyr Island similar to the Rueby
settlement in Tennessee.
eral imperialists. In fact, Lord Rosebery
an.d those who pin their political faith to
the ex-Premier, regarded Manchester as
the crucial point of their struggle to turn
the party to their own way of thinking.
The Liberal candidate had pronounced
anti-war views, and had he been success
ful it would have sounded the death knell
of Lord Rosebery's chances of ever again
leading the party, and might have forced
him either to permanently retire or form a
separate organization. •
• Lord Rosebery's followers are privately
Jubilating over the Unionists' sweeping
victory, to which they contributed by
tending to Manchester confidential envoys.
It is now believed the bulk of the Liberals
muBt see in Liberal imperialism the ortiy
plank whereby they can hope to return to
power. The vast majority of Englishmen,
regardless of party>are evidently strongly
in favor of the war. This sentiment. Lord
.Ro6ebery believes, can be manipulated so
as to give tho Liberals a fighting chance
at the next election. South Manchester
and the Isle of Wight have greatly
strengthened the hands of Lord Rose
bery's followers and have made the Lib
eral leader's return to active political life
almost a certainty.
Lord Rosebery's Plans.
. There is no truth in the report that Lord
Rosebery will form a coalition with Joseph
Chamberlain. What Lord Rosebery has
had in mind during the past. few months
has been an active campaign against the
Government for its dllatoriness In waging
the war and a sweeping- agitation for com
mon-sense reform of the army. This,
combined with expansion of the empire
and the social and economic planka which
have always distinguished the party,
would, he believes, give him a fair chance
of leading the now disintegrated and dis
credited party to victory.
While the bye-elections have elated the
Roseberyltes and depressed the so-called
"Little Englanders, they have also
caused the Conservatives to speculate
upon the desirability of an early dissolu
tion. In spite of previous rumors to the
contrary, it has been tacitly understood
among the Cabinet Ministers that the
general election must await the practical
end of the war. If not the pacification of
the Transvaal. Now, however, they find
they are able to get such large majorities
from the constituencies that it has be
come a serious question If it would not
be better to "make hay while the eun
shineB." So strong is this feeling that,
granting Lord Roberts makes fair prog
ress within the next month, it is quite
likely that a dissolution will occur at the
expiration of that period, though nothing
definite has yet been agreed upon.
In Parliament Itself the most Important
event of the week was the settlement of
the Australian federation difficulty, which
Mr. Ohamberlaln announced as a com
promise, but which the -delegates claim
a.s a complete concession of their de
mands. The bill enabling women to serve
as Aldermen and Councilors of London,
though it has passed its second reading,
will not come up again, aa it has little
chance of becoming a law.
Joy Over Mafeklng's Relief.
The Mafeking rejoicings have caused
the weekly papers to print serious arti
cles on the Increase of historical out
bursts in England, and they ask the ques
tion If the race is really losing its char
acteristics. A curious feature of the dem
onstrations was the enormous number of
buttons bearing Badpn-Powejl's and Rob
erts' photographs. The puBlic here has
taken up the button fad with an energy
equal to anything in its history in Amer
ica. The bulk of these buttons were im
ported from .America, the shrewd manu
facturers having procured photos of Brit
ish officers likely to become popular. .
Major General Baden-Powell, by the
way, is now suffering the fate of all he
roes In being engaged, by rumor, to sev
eral young women in various parts of the
country. Like Kitchener, he probably will
live down the rumors.
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated Press.
I/ON'DOX, May 26.— The events of the
last few days have brought the internal
policy of Great Britain once more to the
fore. This 1b especially traceable in the
bye-elections which took place this week
in the Isle of Wight division of Hamp
shire and In South Manchester, at which
the Conservatives enormously increased
their majorities. The latter election is
described by Joseph Chamberlain, Secre
tary of State for the Colonies. In a con
gratulatory telegram to Hon. William
Peel, the successful candidate, as being: "a
splendid victory for the Imperial forces."
It is learned that it was an imperial vic
tory in more senses than one, for the de
feated Liberal candidate, LJef Jones, r was
opposed not only by the Unionist ma
chinery but by the strenuous efforts of
that portion of his own party which is led
by Lord Rosebery and known as the Lib-
Defeated Candidates Had the Opposi
tion of I*>rd Rosebery and Otlier
Leaders of Their Own.
Party.
Increased Majorities in Isle
of Wight and South
Manchester.
CONSERVATIVES
VICTORIOUS IN
BYE ELECTIONS
The Foreign Office has pointed out to
the correspondent of the Associated Press
that the r^cf-nt epcech of Andrew D.
White, th»» United ' Stat<»s Embassador
her<». had made an excellent impreesion
in Berlin, many of the paper*, including
tfce North German Gazette, reprinting it.
Five officers of the Twelfth Regiment
offhlans, after riding without? stop
from Insterburg to Stra^hurg. have Just
returned here from Strasburg. They
ma'if- pixty-eipht kilometers each day
In fplt* of the most unfavorable weather.
The Ouard Uh'.ans here are to-day feting
the fivf officers.
H^rr Bebcl publishes in the Vorwaerts
an article on the book of the French cap
tain, Moch. recommending the substitu
tion of miMtia for a regular army. Herr
B*b€l approves of this, and Fays social
iem will draw powerful weapons from the
book to fight militarism.
Tb« reg-a.Ua r.f the Imperial Ta^-bting
C!ub at Ki>l this week was a miserable
failure, m<>?tly becau?* 1 of thp unpro
pitknjs weather. The Emperor took no
intr-r*Ft in the races.
Quick Justi<ie !s being meted out to the
car strike rioters. The first baich was
6«itenced on Monday to terms varying
from six xverks In jail to a. few days' im
prisonment, and another batch was een
ten«<l to-day. A third batch will be tried
before a higher court for revolt against
the state, on which hangs long terms at
h2rd labor.
Imprisonment for- Strikers-
The paper adds: The Bd»rs do not pos
»piss the ppecies of personal bravery
¦which in European armies is eelf-under
*-tnnd. If this knowledge had plained
toener, the Boers would not ha\™ en
joyed such popularity.
The latest r«ws from South Africa Is
generally interpreted as * showing that
:he Boer* are tired of the war and are
only looking for a decent pretext to make
p<kce.
The Kr<"Jt Zeitung ears: rvrawlng 1 a
parallel between the lioers and the an
cient Germans, there will not be euch a
f^ht of des»i>era.tion as that of the Goths
at KaiFsus.
The obstructive tactics whereby the Lex
Heinze was defeated by the minority are
now strongly disapproved by the Govern
ment and its prf-ss as being a two-»dgred
fword, which, if it once became an es
tablished institution, might easily lead
to the destruction of German parliament
ism.
Defeat of the AgTarian*.
The Imperial Government still rejolc«s
at the passage of ihe meat insi»ection bill,
particularly because of its demonstrating
that the extreme Agrarians have no"
po»>r to dominate the Reichstag, as had
been fjartd hitherto. The Agrarians loud
ly proclaimed that the meat bill was too
severe as a test of their relative fctrengUi
and as a prel!mina.ry to the struggle to
decide the nature of the projected com
mercial treaties. In this sense the pa>*>
¦age of the meat bill was a defeut of the
extreme Agrarians. The fact is now
pointed out \v the Remi-olficial press. Eh-.
Miguel's LJeriiner Politisehe Nachrichten
calls this a reason for congratulation.
Nobody seems able to tell .exactly why
this stata of feeling exists on both Fides,
but Prince Ludwig's speech certainly
ehows his sentiment is more anti-Prus
fian than ever. Not only the North <Jer
man press sides against the Prince, but
even a large part of the Bavarian news
papers and even fcwralcf the Munich
papers nearest to the Bavarian court.
The correcpondf-nt of the Associated
Press learned to-day on good authority
that the breach was started by gossipers
et both courts, who reported unpleasant
utterances alleged to have been made at
Munich about the Eaiperor and by the
Elmperor about thq I*rinc« Regent and his
family. Next, the ciuiaJ bill, which the
Emperor did his best to push through, an
gered Uie Bavarian patriots, including
Prince L.udwig. because it was looked on
ap a. further attempt to Isolate Bavaria
regarding na.vigra.uon, especially on the
Danube.
BERLIN, May 26.— Interest this week
has centered on the doings of the Reich
stag and Diet and Prince L>udwig's
speech. It has long been murmured in
court circles at Berlin and Munich that
the relations between the two courts
were seriously disturbed. A number of
evicts bore this out. The Prince Re
gerit'B birthday is no longer kept here by
a special dinner, nor Is the Emperor'*
birthday kept in Munich, where it was
even forbidden that the Government and
ether public buil&nga display the Qer»
man flag that day. And during the Crown
Princfe's comicg-of-ag-a festivities and the
presence* of the Emperor of Austria here
neither the Prince Regent of Bavaria noi
the heir to the throne of that country
came to Berlin, only an Insignificant
Prince being present.
Copyrighted. 1300. by th» Associated Press.
Hl-Feding Started by Gosslpers
Bearing Tjile« of Alleged Un
complimentary Utterances
of the Two Balers.
Coldness Between the Ba
varian and Prussian
Courts.
PRINCE REGENT
AND KAISER AT
SWORDS' POINTS
Another exciting session of the Chamber
Is promised for Monday next when Count
Bonl de Castellane will take the Govern
ment to task for its relations with Rei
nach, as he considers the explanations
made on Tuesday by Waldeck-Rousseau
Inadequate. 4
Tfce Chamber of Deputies by its vote at
Tuesday's session told the Government
to take such measures as would cast the
Dreyfus nightmare once and for all into
oblivion. Only eeventy-nlne irreconcllables
opposed the resolution which directed the
Caoinet to take this course, M. Waldeck-
Rouspeau. the Premier, had previously ap
peared to be lukewarm about the fate of
his amnesty bill, the provisions of which
prevent further criminal proceedings
arising out of recriminations In the Drey
fus affair, but the Chamber's meaning on
Tuesday was unmistakable and had the
effect of immediately quickening his
apathy Into an urgent request for the
Senate committee to hasten its action on
the bill and remove it from the pigeon
hole, where It promised to lie dormant.
The bill has already passed the Chamber
and now only awaits adoption by the Ben
ate.
The measure In Its original form applied
for amnesty to others besides the Drey
fus portion. As the moment afforded an.
exceptional opportunity to carry out the
work of definitive appeasement the com
mlt*ee decided to take up the Dreyfus
portion and report thereon aa early as
possible, though this will hardlV be done
by next Monday, as the Government de
sires. The decision of the committee Is
important as a step toward carrying out
what Is clearly the wiph of the majority
in Parliament. The bill will prevent the
Zola, Reinach, Henry, General Mercler.
Pioquart and other criminal troubles, but
will not interfere with the rights of Drey
fus himself to demand a revision if h»
finds new facts, as required by the French
code. ¦*¦
Cannot Earn » Living.
Some boys attempted to gain a pittance
by selling exhibition tickets at a profit
of 2 cents each, but their efforts were
stifled by the interference qf their French
competitors, who are able to draw all in
tending purchasers except Americans and
Kng-lisnmen by proclaiming the Americana
as foreigners. ' ¦ •
These unfortunate experiences should
warn venturesome American youths
against petting forth in hopes of finding
employment here. Neither the embassy
nor the consulate has funds to be used in
giving assistance in such cases, and the
youths will be obliged to get home as best
they can.
W hlle this antipathy holds against those
who axe trying to compete in the French
labor market pleasure-seeking American
visitors have no reason to complain of
their welcome. The feeling which is now
so bitter against Englishmen, with whom
Americans are so often confounded, owing
to their language, does not exist toward
the latter when their nationality is estab
lished. This fact is now becoming recog
nized among - the Americans, many of
whom have adopted the habit of wearing
a miniature enameled stars and stripes as
a distinctive emblem. The French news
papers have remarked this and have
called the attention of their readers to its
significance. One of them publishes an
interview with an American whom a re
porter met on the boulevard wearing the
ins'.pnia and of whom the newspaper man
asked the reason. The American stated
his nationality and said:
"We ardently desire to affirm that we
are Americans, not Englishmen, and we
meet with gTeater sympathy from Paris-
Jans on their noticing our little flag. We
are proud of our country and are glad to
be known as Americans." ,
Exit the Dreyfus Affair.
PARIS, May 26.— Now that all the na
tional pavilions in the Rue des Nations
have been opened to the public, a compar
ison of the artistic effect of our building
with that of its neighbors is undoubtedly
unfavorable to the former. While the
general external appearance is a matter
of architectural taste, the nudity of its
interior elicits the harshest criticism.
Seldom is a word of praise of it heard
from visiting' American* and the building:
has been already christened with various
uncomplimentary nicknames. Many offi
cials recogrnize the disparity and the pres
ent condition of the pavilion will be much
improved. The bareness of the first floor
will be relieved by the erection of a cen
terpiece ol palms and flowers, which will
be circled by an upholstered settee, the
iioor itself probably will be renewed,
brighter-tinted carpets placed on the
stairs, and the balustrades covered with
velvet, and other decorative modiricatlons
will be taken with a view to lightening the
general effect. It is but fair to explain
that the present structure was not the
original laea of Architect Coolldge, who
submitted plans of an entirely different
character for the pavilion, which were re
jected.
A number of unfortunate cases of suffer
ing- aro coming under the notice of the
American officials in Paris. Many bright,
energetic young Americans, having juat
means enough to transport them here and
being anxious to see the exposition, came
with the idea of finding some Braall occu
pation which would provide them with the
means of existence during their stay, some
also hoping to strike openings which they
might develop remuneratively. -There is
no false pride about them; and they are
willing to accept even menial employment,
such as selling newspapers, blacking boots
and hawking exposition tickets. They
have, however, met unexpected obstacles,
against which all their pluck and vim are
unavailing. Instead of the freedom of la
bor, which obtains in America and which
insures success to the willing, intelligent
worker, they find every outlet hedged
about with red-tape regulations or preju
dice against the employment of foreigners.
Newspaper stands are accorded only to
pensioners and a license for bootblacking
is practically unobtainable, owing to the
interminable period occupied by the pre
liminaries to the application.
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated vPreas.
Interior of the Structure Conspicuous
for Its Bareness, Which the
Directors Will Attempt to
Believe.
Yankee Tourists Criticize
Our Pavilion at the
Paris Pair.
ASHAMED OF
THE AMERICAN
HEADQUARTERS
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
Nova Scotia leads all other Canadian
provinces in - the total • value of vessels,
etc., - employed, amounting - to •¦ **J72,600. •<
SEATTLE, May, 26.— Rov. : Henry I*. Ab
bott, who ' for three ' years * past has had
charge of tha Methodist ¦ Missionary Bo-
Will Fight Boxers.
California Fruit in Paris.
PARIS, May 26.— The fresh fruit from
I»s Anereles for the exposition has been
received in perfect condition after travel
ing 5000 miles and being rehandled In New
York, Southampton and Havre. • Cold
storage was used. The consignment con
sists of lemons and oranges and amounts
to two carloads. The California Commis
sion, under whose auspices it is forward
ed, intends to maintain a fresh fruit ex
hibit throughout the exposition.
?
Ship "Wandsbek "Wrecked.
LONDON. May 29.— The German shin
Wandsbek. Captain Lorenscn, which ar
rived at Falmouth on May 21, from Port
land, Or., and sailed to-day for Liverpool,
afterward went ashore on Staff Rock,
near the Lizard, and has become a total
wreck. Her cargo Is flooded. No lives
were lost.
British Steamer Ashore.
- BIMONSTOWN, South Africa, May 2a.—
The British steamer Kakapo, from Swan*
sea for Sydney, N. S. W., In ballast, Is
ashore off Stangkop Point. All on board
were saved.
Of all the regiments the Welsh Fusi
leers have the most curious army toast. It
forms part of the ceremony of the grand
dinner given annually on Bt. David's day.
After the dinner the drum major, accom
panied by the goat, the mascot of the
Fusileers, bedecked with rosettes of red
and blue ribbon; marches around the ta
ble, carrying- a plate of leeks. • Kvery offi
cer or guest who has never eaten one be
fore Is obliged'to do bo, standing on his
chair, with one foot on the table. ; while
the drummers beat a roll behind his chair.
He is. then considered, a : true Welshman.
All the toasts are coupled with the name
of St. David. It Is in mucn this way that
the toast with Highland honors is drunk.
Each guest stands with one foot on. his
chair, one on the table, and the pipers
a-piping parade the room.
TJhere Is only one regiment among those
In the British army which does not toast
her Majesty at mesa. '. This is the- Seventh
Fusileers, and the regiment Is extremely
proud of Its distinction. It seems that
upon one occasion, in the long ago, some
Kins of England wu dining with the of
ticero of the regiment and said, after din
ner, that the loyalty of the Seventh was
sufficiently well assured without their
drinking the sovereign's health.
It is a- curious fact— the origin of which
is not known— that the Queen's health on
shipboard is drunk by the officers sitting
instead of standing, as is customary else
where. '" . . <
Toasts to Queen Victoria.
DT'RBAN", Hay 26. — As there have 1>e<m
no further rases of th<» bubonic plague
discovered It is hoped that the danger of
the outbreak becoming epidemic has
peered. An expert, however, makes dally
domiciliary visits in the Indian Quarters.
14
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL.
. ADVEBTISKBLENT3. '__
t Cnng-rfltulfltions Pouring In From , ~H;
'AH Parts of the World to Dr. """^Sff «ff C£v
[~~~~~ — ~~ L 1 Hartman for the Success of His
§ Universally Acknowledged r^k
Catarrhai Tonic. fe^il
CHIEF GUARD RELIEF CORPS. GUARDIAN GRAND CIRCLE, <^R^^^
ROBSON POST, G. A. R. WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
DR. LEANDER J. THOMAS. . >^^.^^P\ JL J- LOriS PFAr - JP -
To The Peruna Medicine Co.: /$^** <*&11 W^^^^hi To The Perur.a Medicine Co.:
"/ hate repeatedly had occasion ' viizL" / *s-£j|P ) "Last June I had a severe attack
to note 'the valuable qualities of 1c®& **_?) %J* '^§& of nasal catarrh, which was very
Peruna in cases of diseases of the B *jl . t*& *^^ «iv annoying and debilitated my sys-
bladder, kidneys and other pelvic \ /*^ - m x / / PJ tern. Seeing your advertisements,
'organs, and I recommend it in J\ • *j* fr . \ -fP* _; ' wrote you for advice. I used
cases of weakness peculiar to > /§tV ** S A J^^Se* Mi Peruna constantly until last No-
, women, as it seems to afford /W^r*5r i^£^ib^ m^^r—g^^^^k vember, when the symptoms disap-
speedy relief and a permanent Xr*i - ~'*$^ : $£^$ 0v&&^$^^ peared entirely."
DR. LEANDEfi J. THOMAS. Suite 201. Times Herald Building.
Albert Lea, Minn. • " ¦ Chicago, III.
Dr. Thomas Is a member of the ___________—_-—-——————— jj r Pfau Is manager of the Cen-
Board of Health. Albert Lea, MRS. CLtA.RA THOMAB. MRS. JOSEPHINE BENSON. tral Trust Co.
nn * To Tn® Peruna Medicine Co.: To The .Peruna Medicine Co.: .
? — ¦ •*¦ "/ suffered with severe kidney "Last fall I contracted a severe ; _
' and bladder trouble; used different cold on my lungs, which persisted of course. It may be that many people
remedies for over a year without > n remaining in spite of all medi- have not yet come to know of this rem-
A person who has chronic catarrhai dif- finding relief. Peruna was spoken cines and the best care. Peruna edy for catarrhai affections, but it is
ncultles and has not given Peruna a fair of so highly that I tried it. lam worked wonders for me, not only strange It should be so after such multi-
trial la unfortunate Indeed. To be af- g f 0( / t 0 say tnai t o .d ay / am a completely healing the lungs but tudes ave been curcd by Jt U|J an>1 *»
flicted with, chronic catarrh and not try nerfectli, wmll wnmnn **„„*«» * n curinn thm catarrh of tha head as many papers have heralded It from ona
Peruna is as foolish aa to have the old- P P S!"% woman, thanks to cun »j ffta , cata, rrhor the heaa as en<J of t _ e country to the other Men
fashioned chills and fever and refuse to reruna. _„«„-„ ' U %J ,' ocuvnu women of all ages and rank, the rich anj
try quinine, or to have a broken bone and * 7/ »" 5 - -llama- THOMAS, ««o. J. acnoun. poor> tna learned'and illiterate, are dail\-
not allow the doctor to set It. albert Lea, Minn.' Seattle, Wash. giving unsolicited testimony to the lact
Peruna has come to be so universally Mrs. Thomas Is Chief Guard Mrs. Benson Is Guardian Grand that Peruna will cure all catarrhai dls-
recognized aa a spealfio cur© for catarrhai g^a Fi aff Bearer Relief Coma £ lrcl 1* ¦' v^?, me J 1 of ,_ w °odcraft, of eases.
affections, acute or chronic, that it Is Robson Post Grand Army of the m^^rtr^i^oHn^ni.* 1^ 1^^" A free book on catarrhai ailments, writ-
amazing that any one Bhould continue to Republic of Jubm t™. Minn. ? c Coa£ ten by Dr " Hartman - the compounds of
suffer on with such i a persistent malady, ' ' ' . Peruna. will be sent by The Peruna Medl-
negrlectlng to take a remedy that is sure. ? .» ? ? cine Co., 'Columbus, Ohio.
. - GE APE-NUTS.
GETTING READY.
Teedlng Ahead of Hot Weather. '
"Not quite so much meat in spring-
time; use the cereals, as they heat the
blood less." Seasonable advice from an
old practitioner.
If one uses some care as to food, the
coming hot weather will b* passed as
comfortably as any season. In fact, a
person possessed of a perfectly balanced
set of nencs can be happy and comfort-
able under most any conditions.
The truest food for building up the
nervous system to a perfect condition is
Grape-N'uts. The makers arc skilled in
their art, and knowing that nature fills
the brain and nerve centers with a soft
gray matter which is used up more or
less each day and must be replaced (or
nervous prostration sets in), and also
knowing that this gray matter is made
by the combination of albumen and
ph(ftphate of potash, they select the
part* of the field grains that contain the
reeded materials, manufacture them into
a delicious food, ready cooked, predi-
gestcd, and of a fascinating flavor.
The U6e of Grape-Nuts quickly proves
that it really does rebuild and strength^
en the nervous system in a most cer-
tain manner. It is 6old by all groceri
and is. «n daily use in hundreds of thou-
xands of the best families in America,BV f\. m. WALSH.
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES ATTAIN SIXTH
IN THE GREAT INTERCOLLEGIATE GAMES
Throwing the hammer — Won by A. Plaw.
California. 154 feet 4>4 inches; second, J. C.
220-yard hurdle, final heat — Won by A. C.
Kraenzlein, Pennsylvania; second, J. G. Willis,
Harvard: third, J. W. Hallowell, Harvard.
Time, :25 1-6.
Running high Jump— Won by S. S. Jones,
New Tork University, 5 feet 10% Inches; second.
A. X. Rice. Harvard. 5 feet 9^4 inches. E. M.
Rotch, Harvard," M. C. Carroll, Princeton, and
G. P. Servlss, Princeton, tied for third place
at 5 feet $'£ inches and divided the points, two
points to Princeton and one to Harvard.
220-yard hurdle, vemi-finals. first h«at— Won
by W. P. Remington, Pennsylvania; second.
J. W. Hallowell. Harvard. Time, :25»i.
Second heat— Won by A. C. Kraenzlein, Penn
sylvania; second, I. G. Willis, Harvard. Time.
:25 3-5.
Hale-mile run— Won by J. A. Perry, Prince
ton; second, H. E. Hastings. Cornell; third.
H. P. Smith. Yale; fourth. J. M. Bcraflord.
Syracuse. Time. 2:03 8-5.
Two-mile run— Won by Alexander Grant,
Pennsylvania; second, D. C. Hall, Brown;
third. O. W. Richardson, Harvard: fourth, B.
A. Gallagher. Cornell. Time. 9:51 3-E. (Grant
broke the intercollegiate record for the two
mile run. held by himself.)
Byracuse. 23 feet 8 Inches; second, A. C.
Kraenzlein, Pennsylvania, 23 feet 10tt Inches;
third. W. P. Remington, Pennsylvania, 23 feet:
fourth. J. H. Bhirk, Harvard. 21 feet 5H Inches.
Pole vault— Won by B. Johnson. Tale, 11 feet
3^4 Inches; second, A. W. Coleman, Princeton.
U feet; third. D. C. Horton, Princeton, 10 feet
10 Inches. E. A. Klnsey. Cornell, and W. A.
Adrlance. Tale, tied for fourth place- at 10 feet
8 Inches.
NEW YORK. May 2G.— Once more Penn
sylvania University athletes proved their
skill and stamina against their collegiate
opponents In track and field events by
winning the championships of the inter
collegiate athletic association, on Colum
bia Held this afternoon.
The Pennsylvania cannot do too much
honor to their wonderful athlete, A. C.
Kraenzlein. In the history of the associa
tion's games no athlete has done what
Kraenzlein did to-day. Yesterday he qual
ified in four events— the 100-yard dash, the
high and low hurdles and tho running
broad Jump. This afternoon he won three
of these events, namely, the 100-yard dash
and tho high and low hurdles. 1 laving
had to use all his reserve strength In these
events, Kraenzlein did not take part In
the final contest for the running broad
Jump, which was delayed purposely for
his convenience, and Meyer Prinstein of
byracuse won out with a jump of 23 feet
8 Inches. Kraenzleln's Jump In the pre
liminaries proved good enough to give him
tne second place.
The weather was most unpleasant. Al
most from the beginning of the games
there was a continuous downpour of rain,
but tho athletes and tho thousands of
spectators stayed all through the drench
ing downpour and the games wound up in
wnat might be well termed a Scotch mist.
Alec Grant of Pennsylvania made the
two-mile run In better time than It has
been done before. He had tho distinction
of breaking his own record of last year of
10 minutes 3 2-5 seconds by winning in 9
minutes 51 3-5 seconds. Princeton's rep
resentatives wero shocked when they saw
Cregan quit at a mile and a half. The race
was simply a gift for virant, who won by
ten yards in the easiest fashion. The
summary follows:
100-yard dash, semi-final, heats, first heat—
Won by F. W. Jarvls. Princeton; second,- T. B.
McClaln Pennsylvania; third, Meyer Prln
steln. Syracuse. Time. :10 2-5.
Second heat — Won by A. C. Kraenzlein. Penn
rylvania; second, E. S. Mattheson. Cornell;
third, J. H. HalKh, Harvard. Time, :1O 2-5.
Final heat— Won by A. C. Kraenzlein, Penn
sylvania; second, F\ JarviF. Princeton; third,
T. IJ. McClain. Pennsylvania: fourth, E. S.
Matthewson, Cornell. Time. :10 l-o.
120-yani hurdle, semi-final lieats, first heat —
Won by A. C. Kraonzlein. Peansylvania; sec
ond W. F. I^v.'is, Syracuse. Tlmp, :16 1-5.
Second heat— Won by P. Potter, Williams;
i-econd. W. P. RemlnKton, Pennsylvania. Time,
:1G 1-5.
Kinal heat— Won by A. C. Kraenzlein. Penn
sylvania: second, P. Potter. Williams; third,
W P. Remington, Pennsylvania; fourth, W.
P.* Lewis, Syracuse. Time. :15 2-5.
One mile run— Won by J. F. Cregan, Prince
ton- second I B. Ray, Williams; third, A. O.
Berry Cornell; fourth, E. R. Bushnell. Penn
sylvania. Time, 4:24 2-5.
Putting sixteen-pound shot— won by F. Beck,
Yale 44 feet 3 inches; second, J. C.. McCracken,
Pennsylvania. 42 feet 7 inches; third. A. Plaw,
California, 42 feet 2 Inches; fourth, R. Wool
sey. California; 39 feet 8 Inches.
Quarter mile run— Won ' by D. Boardman.
Tale- second H. O. Lee, Syracuse- third, it
W. Long. Columbia; fourth, W. O. Clirk, Hax
vard. Time. :49 3-5- -
220-yard run, aeml-flnals, first heat — Won
by D. Boardman. Tale; second. J. T. Mulligan.
Georgetown. Time, :23 2-6.
Second heat-Won by E. W. Jarvls. Prince
ton; second. H. H. Cloudman, Bowdoln. Time,
Finai heat— Won by B. W. Jarvls, Prince
ton: second. D. Boardman, Tale: third, J. E.
Mulligan, Georgetown ; fourth. II. H. Cloud
man. Bowdoin. Time. 1-5.
Running broad Jump— Won by- M. Prlnsteln,
Greatest Athletes of the
Century.
Kraenzlein Proves Himself One of the
PENNSYLVANIA'S SPEED
AND STAMINA TRIUMPH
yards Harvard's men saw that they were
beaten. Much interest centered In the
100 yards, in which Jarvls and Kraenz
leli: came together. It was somewhat of
a surprise to the experts to see JarVis
beaten. Much interest was centered In
the broad Jump also when Kraenzlein and
Prlnsteln began to try for honors.
Kraenzlein of Pennsylvania was the
hero of the day. He is 6 feet 1 Inch tall
and weighs 170 pounds. His legs are ex
tremely lonft and his body Is very short.
He stood his work remarkably well, but
after the finish of the low hurdles, which
wjis his last event, ho was "all out."
Kmenzleln Is considered the athletic won
der of the twentieth century.
The California boys went back to their
training quarters at Princeton to-night
and will go to Philadelphia on Monday,
when they will try conclusions with Penn
sylvania. They will leave Philadelphia
Immediately after the tiames and go to
Chicago, where they will stay till after the
Western Intercollegiate meet, which will
take place next Saturday.
Realistic.
"Any new features at the musical?"
"Oh, yes; Mr. Brlsque sang 'Old Ken
tucky Home' with a pistol obligate"—In
dianapolis Journal. ¦
Smiles— I'm glad I wasn't Shakespeare.
Giles— Why are you?
Smiles— Because I should be dead now
Giles— Yes. that's true— and Shakespeare
would be forgotten.— Chicago News.
Facts in the Case.
The Toast.
Bacon— I see the Western Undertakers'
Association had a dinner, and one of them
gave a funny toast.
Egbert— What is it?"
Bacon— May we each of us live lone
enough to bury one another.
Among the Dyaks of Borneo the mar
rlago ceremony opens with a little bit of
symbolism. The bride and bridegroom are
brought out and made to sit on two bars
of iron previously laid down on the
ground. This act implies that the two are
bound together with the iron band of
matrimony. The priest gives to each a
cipar and some betel nuts, which th™
hold In their hands while he waves two
fowls over their heads, and, in the course
of a lengthy address. Invokes everv ble<T«
ing upon them The bridegroom then
places the betel nut in the mouth of the
bride and the cigar between her llns
and in this way he publicly acknowledges
her to be his wife. The two fowls are
then killed and omens taken from the
uXOOCu
Marriage in Borneo.
A favorite chocolate in France Is se
cretly manufactured by the Trapplstlnfs
of the Algnebelle. near Grlgnan. Tn nSu
villo sous Montreuil, near Boulogne a
larpe printing establishment is conducted
entirely by the monks. v-uuuuciea
The monks of another mosasterv culti
vate a large tract of land, the products of
which swell the common treasurv An
extensive gas plant and a number of
mechanical workshops are also owned by
them. The Dominican Fathers of the St
Savior's Priory, in Dublin, Ireland nifh
Ush monthly the Irish RoskrV, whlch P has
a large circulation. The Canadian Trao
plstine monks busy themselves with a«rrU
culture in Tracady. Oka and St. NorbVt
A steam ferry Is the property of the
S.u S h Rn tT nk ?i, of Solovet »k. who operate
this boat for the conveyance of pilgrims!
Odd "Ways That Monks Earn Monev.
Monks of Europe contribute to various
industries and do not live in Indolence
outside of their religious services and
wanderings. There is hardly a monastery
the Continent which does not contain
an industry of some sort from which Se
pious fathers realize a profit w " lt -" lne
m3m2& a eat demand rare liquors
distilled by these men. Chartreuse is
manufactured by th« brother" in La
Grande Chartreuse, in Chartreux. a few
miles from Grenoble. France. Trappastine
is the name of a liquor which much re
sembles the former brand, and is^ade by
the Trapplstlne order of monks in the
Abbaye d* la Grace de Dleu. In the de
partment of Doubs. France. In Germany
kirschwasspr, oi cherry bitters is the
product of the cowled brothers who live
In the Black Forest and in parts of AN
S3CC
Besides spiritual and spirituous occu
pations we find the Benedictine order of
monks of St Mary's Abbey, in Devon
shire, England, engaged in the manufac-
Golf Championship Changes Hands.
XEW YORK, May 26.-Walter J. Travis
defeated Herbert J£ Harriman, the pres
ent title holder, in the final round of the
?htn r °n I r Ol t{ 1 an^ olf As sociation charrlpion-
MUp at the Nassau County Club to-day
by a score of three up and two to play.
120-yard hurdle — Trude. Chicago, von; Ma
loney, Chicago, second. Time. 17 seconds.
Schule, Wisconsin, fell.
second.
Half mile run— Burdtck, Wisconsin, won;
Lord. Chicago, second. Time. 2:03 1-5.
One-third mile bicycle race — Brown. Chicago,
won: Goodenow. Chicago, second. Time. :43 2-5.
Shotput — Lester. Chicago, won. 33 feet 2H
Inches; Cochems. "Wisconsin, second. 3S feet 9
inches.
Mile walk— Breedsteeln. Wisconsin, won;
Younsr. Wisconsin, second. Time. 7:07. This
breaks the Intercollegiate record by 16 seconds
and is within Hi seconds of Breedsteein's own
record.
220-yard dash— Senn. Wisconsin, won; L#f
nnRwell. Chlcaso. second. Time. 22 4-5.
. 220-yard hurdle— Schule, Wisconsin, won; Ma
loney. Chicago, second. Time. :23 4-5.
Hammer throw — Mortimer. Chicago, first. 130
feet 7 Inches; Lister. Chicago, second. 103 feet
8 inches.
Pole vault— Wheeler, Wisconsin, won, clear
ing 10 feet 10 Inches; Magee. Chicago, second.
plenty of backers. James R. Keene'a
horse Disguise II will be ridden by Tod
Sloan. The only other American Jockey
to take part in tho race Is L. Reiff. who
rides Bona Rosa. There will be about
twelve starters. Lord William Beresford
Is receiving much sympathy on the prob
able inability of Democrat to run owing
to the horse's bad foot. None of the
horses competing are regarded as up to
the general Derby standard, but every
thing points to a close race and a brilliant
attendance.
Racing at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 25.— There
was a large attendance at the spring race
meeting this afternoon. The track was
very heavy and the time slow. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Mafada. disquali
fied for fouling. Race went to Red Spinner.
Time. 1:01 1-5.
Six furlonss— Broadbrim, won, <VConnor iec
ond. Time. 1:24.
One mile, sweepstakes, horses of Victoria
Hunt Club. Kntriea: T. F. Patton"a Thunder
W. B. Burton's Minoevla, H. Simpson's Es
tella. Won by Minoevla In the glow time of
W. C. Marshall's Little Bessie, ridden by
Ulsson. won the half-mile pony handlcao
Time. :59. "
O'Connor won tho mile handicap. Time,
1:53 1-5.
DERBY AN OPEN" RACE.
LONDON. May 26.— Seldom has Derby
week opened with so much uncertainty
regarding the races, which it is now ad
mitted is unusually open. The Prince of
Wales" Diamond Jubilee, remains the fa"
vorlte. but only by a narrow margin. For
farshlre, Chevenlng and Disguise II have
440-yard run— Maloney, ChicaKO, won; Lord,
Chicago, second. Time, :.">1 1-3.
Mile bicycle race— Goodenow, Chicago, won:
Brown, Chicago, second. Time. 2:30 4-5.
Discus throw— Oranke. Wisconsin, won. 10S
feet 1 inch: LeffinRwell. Chicago, second. 100
feet 7 inches. »»
Broad Jump— Schule. Wisconsin. 22 feet 2
inches, won: Pettit, ChicaRo. 21 feet 6tf Inches,
Chlcago^nd "Wisconsin to-day was won by
Chicago, with a total of 71 points against
Wisconsin's 57. The result would have
been much closer had not Schule of Wis
consin met an unfortunate fall In the 120
yard hurdle race. He was leading by a
good marRin when he stumbled at the
twenty-yard mark. Following are the re
sults:
Wisconsin wop. the high Jumps by default.
Mile run— Hahn of "Wisconsin won. breaking
the university record; Hulbert. Chicago, second.
MADISON, Wls., May 25.— The dual ath
letic contest between the universities of
BADGERS MEET DEFEAT;
ALFRED PLAW, University of California, World's Amateur Champion Hammer Thrcwer.
Alfred Plaw, the hammer-thrower now In the East on the University of California team, !s the marvel of the hour
In the field of athletics. He has wrested the intercollegiate championship from J. C. McCracken. University of Penn
sylvania, the holder during the past two years Plaw won the championship yesterday with a college record throw of
154 feet 4»4 inches. In practice he has sent tho sixteen-pound Implement hurtling through 165 feet of space If a ricked
team of American athletes are sent to the international games at the Paris Exposition the herculean Californian will be
selected to represent this country In the pastime at which he has proved so adept
McCracken. Pennsylvania. 143 feet 8 Inches;
third, T. T. Hare, Pennsylvania. 141 feet 6^
inche?; fourth, W. A. Boal, Han'ard, 137 feet 5
Inches.
Flnnl score by points — Pennsylvania, 3!*:
Princeton. 28; Yale, 20>J: Harvard. 14: Syracuse.
10; California, 8: Williams. 6; Cornell, 7V4;
Brown, 3; Xew York University. 5; Columbia,
2; Bowdoln, 1; Georgetown. 2.
ti °e" sec n o^d. a £ < !n a th1rd eei T ?m^l^ 7"*
m
Closing Day at Chicago.
CHICAGO. May 23—Last day at Lake
side. Weather cloudy; track good. Re
suits?
RB^' ln ?-yt«e RfSBie won. Mellocole
second. Cherry Bounce II third. T me. !•««!
Four furlonirs— Money Muss won Kid Cox
Be x°." d - The Cuban Girl third. Tim" -43U
Mile and an eirhth. handicap— Molo won
Hand cap, bIx farlongs-ilay Beach won, Dr.
v ?I '7 ? ec r°^ d ' Abe Furst thlrd - Tlm e. 1-15H
Mile and Hfty yards, selling— Stdbow won.
Tlmf i«? DDe "' Becond. John Baker third.
Five furlones. selllngr-lcon won. CogsweU
second. Senator Joe third. Time. 1:02%.
e r. m le r° rossmollna won ' Refugee sec
ond. Donation third. Time. 1-A2%.
TORONTO, Ont., May 26.— The Toronto
cup. worth about $1500 and the richest
stake In the Ontario Jockey Club jneeting,
was easily captured to-day by Martimas,
th* Futurity winner of two years ago.
Results:
Six farlonrs— Coburi won. Springwell second.
Gibraltar third. Time. 1:17. L. 1
vive furlongs— Frank Morrison won. Flatterer
second. Bill Massl* third. Time. 1:04.
One mile and *n eighth, Toronto Cup—Martl
mas won. Procession second. Compensation
th T f wo mMwf'and a half. 6teeplecha*e-Thornr
cllffe won. Quicksilver second. Mystic Shrlner
third. Time. 6:18*4.
One mile and an elchth— The Provost won,
Maclnn eecoaO, Opuatla third. Time, 2:03',,.
nexes the Toronto Cup.
MABTIMAS TN FOEM.
Former Futurity Winner Easily An-
CINCINNATI, May 26.— The first six
days' meeting at the Newport track ended
to-day with a #reat crowd on the grounds.
Drogheda ran the fastest five furlongs for
a two-year-old of the meeting in the third
event, covering the distance in 1:01%. JXe
sults:
Five furlongs— Horace won, Foneda second,
Sakatuck third. Time, 1:0014.
Fix furlonsK. selling:— Kilt won. Dr.- S. C.
AvrrH woon«J. V. O. Welsh third. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs, two-year-olda — Oropheda won,
MrAddle eecond. Byncopatc-d Sandy third.
Time. 1:01*4.
(me mile and a sixteenth, selling— Fannie
Taylor won. Kltholin second. Trebor third.
Peven furlongs, selling— Gld Uw won.' Sound
Money second, Kcenig third. Ttm<\ 1:27.
Six furlongs, selling— King Drills won. Flora
Daniels second. Crinkle third. Time, 1:14%.
longs in. Fast Time.
DEOOHZDA'S GOOD BUN.
Two-Y«ar-Old Negotiates Five Fur-
Kix furlongs, handicap — Tcllowtall won. Nan
Dora eecond. Lord Neville third. Time, 1:14>4-
One mile, Mississippi Valley ¦elling stake,
value JliM, three-year-olds and upward— Miss
line Day won. Loving; Cup second. Laureate
third. Time. 1:40.
One mile and seventy yards, handicap— Sam
Phillips won. Found second. Lady Ca.lla.han
third. Time, 1:45%.
Six furlong— La Josephine won, Morris Vol
m«T second, Greenock third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlong*, two-year-olds— Queen Dlxon
won. The Mecca eecond, Western Girl third.
Time. l:02»«. . .
Or.e ir.ile and an eighth— E! Derim won. Rebel
Jack second. Parole d'Or third. Time. 1:57.
ST. LOUIS, May 2'J.— The feature of the
car>i at the Fair Grounds to-day was the
Mississippi Valley ntakes at one mile.
Miss Mao Day won the $1500 prize under
all kinds of wraps and equaled the track
record of 1:40. Miss Mae Day carried but
S3 pounds in the race, but she -could have
performed much better hed she been
pressed. Results:
One milt^ind an eighth, selling— Sir Philip
Sidney won. Clincher second, Towanda third.
Stakes at St. Louis.
Captures the Mississippi Valley
MISS MAV. DAY WINS.
The winner of the Brooklyn handicap
takes $800% second horse $1500 and third
horse 5503. Results:
About six furlonps — Cor.testor won. Firearm
second. Trumpet third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, eelllng— Blue Away
won. Lamp Globe second. Rare Perfume third.
Time. 1:50 2-5.
The Kxi>ecta.t!on stakes, four and & half fur
longs — Golden Ajpe won. All CJreen eecond.
Prince Pepper third. Time. :55.
The Brooklyn Handicap, mile and a quarter—
Klniey Mack won, Ilaffaelo second, Herbert
third. Time. 2:10.
St#"ppl'*cha8e, about two miles — Vanship won,
Ronkonkoma second. Dr. Cattl»tt third. Time.
4:02.
Five furlongF. selling— Tonicum won, Bowen
eecond Lambkin third. Timf\ 1:03 3-5.
The lirooklyn handicap has always been
a spectacular race at Fome point and the
enthusiasm at the finish has always be
fore been great. Thi3 time, however, it
was one of the tamest races run In years.
There were no sensational features find
there were few shouts and little or no ap
plause at the end.
X-ittle F.Ti tliusiasm Aroused.
Their hopes were raised as they drew
up to the leader, hut McCue let out a
link in his reins and drew away again as
if he had only been playinp with them,
and went past the judges with a good
bit up his sleeve, an easy winner by a
lr-ngth from the favorite. Raffaelo, which
was a half length in front of the second
choice. Herbert, only a head in front of
Survivor. The others were away back.
ba<lly beaten. Imp staggering along far
in the rear, tired to death in the heavy
going, in which ?he had never been able
to show her speed.
spur. Inch by Inch th^y bepan to cut
down the lead of the four-year-old.
FORM OF THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP.
WINNERS OF THE BROOKLYN TO DATE
Ar. Sr.star.t of delay at the post and the
Fiarter caught them all in motion. The red
J!;itr BWtshed through the air and they
\\f-re off in a hunch in good order. Bat
ten was first to poke his nose out of the
bunch as they camo splashing down
th*- stretch, all the jockeys making for
what looked to lie <Jri«?r BPOt* in the track.
r.nd in the tirst Jurlonsr Hiere was a gwwl
bit of crowding, but nothing: serious. They
passed the grand stand the firs: time with
Kir.sr Barleycorn. Battm. Knight of the
Carter. ImpRnd Kinley M?ck nose? apart,
with Imp having a. little the best of It, if
anything, althouerh there was little to
choose between them.
Rounding th» lower turn there was
rn-.ich crowding, for the curve is a sharp
ar\p; hut none of tfco lor gr>t jostle! enough
to hurt him. Kirst one an<'. thon another
poked a nose in front as they scurried
around the turn, and when th<y ha«l
reached th<* half-mile r>ol«» and hrgan to
ptraichrrn out l>>r the run up the baok
stret«*h Kinjr narlpycorn hr.d a length and
a V,;iif the- h*>!=t of it. sroinft well, to the
F'irpri?* 1 of almost everybody, as he Is a
pulky brute and rarely cares to extend
l:irnf : elf. Next cause Kinl**y Mack. Imp.
Knijrht of the Garter and Survivor, heads
apart, with the others so closely bunched
behind that not a^i inch of daylight could
V»-' pr-en between thpfti.
At this point it was anybody's rare, for
thf' jvaco. was slow and none had done any
tiring work, except what wr.«- d'je to the
trn<-k. I'p th<* backstretch they went, the
f$v-«-<1 not fiulck^ninpr to amount to any
il")ir.?. and In a few seconds they wore at
the thrfp-fjuarterF pole and ready to
r.iur.d the upper rum. King Barleycorn
lifj-'an tn drop back.
Kinley Mack Takes the Lead.
As they be^an to make* the upper turn
McCoe sent Kinley Mack to th«» front and
h' 1 soon had a neck the better of the
fnrmer leader, who was a neek in front
of Survivor. Thesi race Imp, Kaffa-elo.
Jlerbrrt anO Wait Not. hearts apart, a
length behind the thre<? leaders. There
vms h lot of Fhiftine of po.itinn? among
th^pe. behind on the turn, and as they cut
¦rotXttd into tlM homestretch, only a
quarter ot a mile to p-o. Mitchell drove
Herbert thrniifrh the bunch and at once
straightened out for th<» final rush.
Kinley Mark had a length the best of
it and the crowd hojan to shout for him.
Jenkins, on Raffaolo. and Mitchell, on
H*»ri>ert. went to work with whip and
Off to a Good Start.
NEW YORK. May M— Kinley Mack,
at 7 to 1. won the Brooklyn har.dl
jap at Gravesend in hollow fashion.
while Raffaolo. the favorite. Iand»:-<1
in second piaca comfortably and
Herbert, the second choice, cculd do no
better than third. The time, 2:10. was
fiow. hut the track was very heavy and
¦»!¦;«» oraolc horses were out of the race.
Thfl *v«>a.th<»r wa«= anything but satis
factory for the opening day. as rain fell
c'.l afternoon, s^m^tlmcs in light showers
an<i again in sh^ts which drove every
body to cover. Taken s.ltugether It was a
disappointing: sisrht.
When the horses' and Jockey*" names
wrr.i u;> on the board there was much dis
p.p;nii;-.!nicr.t. for Jean Beroaud and Kthel
l»ert were among the missing and all the
enap was taken out of the contest. The
attendance suffered because of tha
weather and It was not one of the old
t!mo handicap crowds. Not more th:in 15.
i.»: persona were present and those in the
tif-Id Tv»»re the only oni>; who stood out on
the wet trraFs to watch the race.
At 4:10 the horses paraded to th» post
v.i'M the prand mare Imp In the lead. She
pot a bit of applause as ?he walked past
Lhe crand s=umd but it was half-hearted
an.1 Oif-d out quickly, while the others got
DO attention.
KINLBY MACK, WINNER OF THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP.
KINLEY MACK EASILY WINS
THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 127, 1900.
As was predicted last night, Pennsyl
vania won from Princeton by 12 points.
There was a great struggle for third
place between the old time rivals, Yale
and Harvard, but when Boardman won
the quarter and got second in the 220
The California men went on the Held
feeling rather timid, and v/ithout a cheer
to urge them on to victory; but each man
went to his work as If California "root
ers" were there in full blast. Only once
was the word "California" heard, and
that was when it was announced thai
Flaw had broken the collegiate record in
the hammer throw. A weak little cheer
was given by a few of the Pennsylvania
rooters who had gathered in a corner of
the field.
NEW YORK. May 28.— The result of
California's third contest with the
athletes of the East places her in
sixth position among the colleges
of the United States. This is a very
good Bhowlng, considering; the fact that
she had a field of twenty-eight colleges
against her. It shows California ranks
such colleges as Cornell, Columbia, Brown,
Georgetown, Williams and • others. If
Hoffman had been able to compete in the
pole vault and the high Jump the blue and
gold would have taken fifth place easily.
15
Year. !
HOUSE. Jockey.
jWoisht
Time.
Vnlne.
I8S7
l.HSS
ISSft
1SJM>
1M»2
1N0.1
iv.O4 ;
IS'HI
1KIK>
jUrjr Monopole I A. JleCnrtJiy. . ... I
The Hurd Ilajivnrd I
Bxlle Hamilton j
Cutairay Hunn }
JTonny : nnrnm
Jui1k<" .Morrow ;A. Covington....
Diablo F. Taral.
|Dr. Rice P. Tarnl
Hornpipe T. II n mil ton
Sir Walter K. Tnrnl
'Hoirard >Inmi III. Mnrtin
jOrnnm«'nt T. Slonn .
'Daiinatnr 1). Sfaber
KInley Mnck ;ll. McCne
1 35
110
1O0
l^S
lltt
IIS
112
105
na
ioo
127
110
122
"j 2:O7
' 2tl3
2:07 1-2
2:1O
2llO
StO8 3-4
2:00
2:O7 1-4
2:11 1-4
1!:OM 1-2
3-4
2llO
2 tOO 1-4
2:10
?5,S5O
6,025
0,000
0,!>00
14.8OO
1 7, TOO
17,500
17,750
7.75O
7.7.1O
7.7BO
7,800
8,<>OO
8,000
i
Handicap, mile and a quarter; for three-year-olds and upward; value, $10,000.
!?/??i *&*• Weight. Jst. «4 ~>; l'm. *'*rc^_Fijrj3~Joc'<ey. \6p. C\.
Klnley Mack. 4 12211 7 1 2 h In" 1H 11 McCuiT 8 — 6~
K?<Ta>.lo. 4 H3,6 9 s 5h m 2», Jenkins I su.
Herbert. 3 OT9 Eh 6h 6h 5 1 i h : MtteteU "' * 4
Walt Not. 4 1-3.8 8 9 : : 62 O'Connor 4 i
I'JiP. 6 '^. 1 <h 3h 4h (3 C4 CJawson . 10 s
Kim? Earleycorn. 4 112 4 3h 1 V.i 2h 3h 7 12 [Odotn • •
Knight of the Garter. 6.. V>)j 3 11) 4h 9 6 8 !J Slack •>/> «i
BatMH. 4...... ...^...lil! 2 ?n 7 8 8 I twink^M. 3 g
Good start. Won easily, place ridden out. Winner, bay horse by Isllngton-Hnng-.t.».r
Herbert and Raffaello both bad stormy nas ? age. 'Coupled with Walt Not KaS
ting— Klnley Mack 2 to 1, RafTaelo even. Time, 2:10.
i
Handicap, mile and a quarter; for three-year-olds and upward; value, $10,000.
!?/??i *&*• Weight. Jst. «4 ~>; l'm. *'*rc^_Fijrj3~Joc'<ey. \6p. C\.
Klnley Mack. 4 12211 7 1 2 h In" 1H 11 McCuiT 8 — 6~
K?<Ta>.lo. 4 H3,6 9 s 5h m 2», Jenkins I su.
Herbert. 3 OT9 Eh 6h 6h 5 1 i h : MtteteU "' * 4
Walt Not. 4 1-3.8 8 9 : : 62 O'Connor 4 i
I'JiP. 6 '^. 1 <h 3h 4h (3 C4 CJawson . 10 s
Kim? Earleycorn. 4 112 4 3h 1 V.i 2h 3h 7 12 [Odotn • •
Knight of the Garter. 6.. V>)j 3 11) 4h 9 6 8 !J Slack •>/> «i
BatMH. 4...... ...^...lil! 2 ?n 7 8 8 I twink^M. 3 g
Good start. Won easily, place ridden out. Winner, bay horse by Isllngton-Hnng-.t.».r
Herbert and Raffaello both bad stormy nas ? age. 'Coupled with Walt Not KaS
ting— Klnley Mack 2 to 1, RafTaelo even. Time, 2:10.
Year. !
HOUSE. Jockey.
jWoisht
Time.
Vnlne.
I8S7
l.HSS
ISSft
1SJM>
1M»2
1N0.1
iv.O4 ;
IS'HI
1KIK>
jUrjr Monopole I A. JleCnrtJiy. . ... I
The Hurd Ilajivnrd I
Bxlle Hamilton j
Cutairay Hunn }
JTonny : nnrnm
Jui1k<" .Morrow ;A. Covington....
Diablo F. Taral.
|Dr. Rice P. Tarnl
Hornpipe T. II n mil ton
Sir Walter K. Tnrnl
'Hoirard >Inmi III. Mnrtin
jOrnnm«'nt T. Slonn .
'Daiinatnr 1). Sfaber
KInley Mnck ;ll. McCne
1 35
110
1O0
l^S
lltt
IIS
112
105
na
ioo
127
110
122
"j 2:O7
' 2tl3
2:07 1-2
2:1O
2llO
StO8 3-4
2:00
2:O7 1-4
2:11 1-4
1!:OM 1-2
3-4
2llO
2 tOO 1-4
2:10
?5,S5O
6,025
0,000
0,!>00
14.8OO
1 7, TOO
17,500
17,750
7.75O
7.7.1O
7.7BO
7,800
8,<>OO
8,000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE No. 905
LONDON.
When in London telephone 27 Charter-
house Square. They will send to .your
hotel or tell you the nearest chemist who
keeps Humphreys' Specifics. "77" for
Grip and Colds. Specific "4" for Diarrhea;
very Important when traveling.
Specific "1" for Fevers. Congestion.
Specific "10" -for Dyspepsia, Indigestion.
Specific "15" for Rheumatism.
Specific "16" for Malaria.
Specific- "26" for Sea Sickness.
Specific "27" for Kidney and Bladder.
Manual of all diseases, especially about
children, sent free.
For sale hy all druggists, or sent on re-
ceipt of price, 25c each. Humphreys'
Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor. William
and John Sts.i New Tork.
,' 32 Rue tUlcnnc -Marcel. 32. Paris,
I DEBILITY— WEAKNESS
| NERVOUSNESS, MENTAL AND PHYSICAL EXHAUSTION, . 1
S r i Those persons, men and women, who are afflicted with !^
| I ' headaches or dizzy spells (Fig. 7), sunken eyes and dark rings ;8
7 under eyes (Fig. 6), pale, sallow faces (Fig. 5), coated tongues §
§ fjs^Y . ( Fi £- 4)' palpitation of heart (Fig. 3), indigestion (Fig. 1), in- |
SjH '. •/'^s^/^r - active liver (Fig. 2), cold extremities (Fig. 9), weakness of limbs g
1 /^Clflvw^ (Fig. 8), are but suffering from a worn-out, exhausted nervous g
g 1 1^8 ijjfflTjiW Clouded memory, lack of energy, morbid fears, sediment in jg
% JPi§KjxrAj. urine, shaky knees, sleeplessness, despondency, horrid dreams, jg
*§ ll^^flivr'^^^^L costiveness. general exhaustion, are also symptoms that tell you §i
§'?JldB^T\^ v *"S^^S that your nerves are letting down. §
K U rt^^^l > \ HUDYAN rapidly builds up the nerves and brings all the jc?
£ \wM or S ans ' nto narmonious action - HUDYAN provides the needed '§
/ %\^' W ]\^/\a nerve ancl tissi . ie nourishment that is necessary- to a permanent g
1 " fv AW A \ AH III \ buildin £ U P oi health - HUDYAN quiets and soothes the irri- §
$ • '/^ulf 'I \ \ >vlll tated nerves, increases the- blood supply, corrects all faults of §
8 J^ vW / |aV \ \v '1 ' digestion, gives healthful vitality to the nerves and nerve cen- 3;
§ <1_^M ¦ / (few- X \J ters HUDYAN promotes healthful sleep. HUDYAN corrects 8
s \_L3jiLu ««»v „ , ,. . < v &
S . — * oz —^"^ all weak nerve conditions. $
\k «
# l^pTT HIinVAlV FrOm yoUP 18 *— 50c a package, O packages for $2. SO. If your druggist does not keep It send dlr-ct X
1 nTJiD"Z"^.3iT :el:e:m::e!:d"X" cdg., j
8 Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
S TOU MAT COXSUL.T THE HUDTAN DOCTORS ABOUT TOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALX. OR WRITE. fi
« ' ¦'¦•'•• ¦¦¦•-¦¦¦*¦¦ > ' &
ADVESTTSZMEirrS.
From many diseases. Children
who are well nourished success-
fully resist disease to which an
ill - nourished child succumbs.
Your child has enough food.
Does the food make flesh? If
not there is something wrong
with the stomach and other or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.
That wrong can be quickly
righted by the use of
© BR. FSERSE'S •
GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVER?.
In ninety-eight cases out of
everj' hundred it completely cures
indigestion and other diseases of
the digestive and nutritive sys-
tem in both young and old. You
can consult Dr. Pierce by letter
free. Ad- mj, dress Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Yj Buffalo, N. Y.
fi^fsP^ Medical Advis-
'§£i&V~£sP^ • cr ' paper c ? v "
£*4*S?Ss^ of 7i cents to pay cost
JvJi££^C£^ of raailinK only.
/&£*$£ffr^ Ai!dre»s Dr. ricrct.os abjTe.Ladies of the Maccabees.
The "at homo" by the ladles of Califor
nia Hive No. 29 ln Union Square Hall last
Friday night was a very enjoyable social
function, as the committee on entertain
ment presented an unusually Interesting
programme of music, songs and special
ties, which was greatly appreciated by all
After the nrogramme there was dancing
until midnight. 6
"You say she is good looking, but I
don't know whether you are a Judge or
not. And you know it frequently happens
that the girl who is thought to be beauti
ful by one man doesn't Impress others at
all."
"Yes. I know all about that; but I've
cevcr aeen this girl stand up in a car."
"Say, when can you take me around?"—
Oi'uaro Times-Herald
Modern Trojans.
On the night of the 16th inst. Hector
Lodge of the Modern Trojans entertained
Its friends ln the memorial hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. It having been found in
the past that the lodge's own large hall
was too small to accommodate all those
who wished to enjoy the entertainments
which the committee on social hour ar
ranged. There was a very large attend
ance, a good programme of the vaude- I
ville character, good music and a well ar-
TvncraA aalectJon *»* >!•"*>•
Aurora Uodge, K. and I* of H.
Last Monday night Aurora Lodge of the
Knights and Ladles of Honor had a good
attendance and during the evening re
ceived an application for admission into
the lodge. After the transaction of the
routine business there was a programme
under good of the order and a number of
Interesting remarks were made by promi
nent members of the order.
Port Tampa ls built on plres driven deep
ln the bottom of the bay.
During the second week of February
exchanges at the London Bankers' Clear
ing House decreased £55.376,000 from the
corresponding week ln 1850— a decline of
26 per cent.
Self Betrayal.
De Tanque — Sheen anyslng o" my fren*
Jaggson lash few mlnttsh?
Bartender— He was here about half an
hour ago.
De Tanque— Alone, or was I wish him?—
Exchange.
A Negro Bayman's Diamonds.
"I spent my vacation this year flshlnjc
on the East Florida coast," said a New
Orleans lawyer, "and among other places
I visited was a primitive little settlement
north of Cedar Keys. One of the charac
ters of the place Is a big mulatto known
as 'Diamond Bill.' and I engaged him sev
eral times to take me out in his lugger I
taw at once that he had derived his sobri
quet from the gaudy Jewelry he • wore
but when we were out together on the
boat I was surprised to note that the
gewgaws were all genuine and worth a
good deal of money.
"When I questioned him on the subject
he sat down by me on the thwarts and
told me an Interesting story. It seemed
that some years ago he had saved the life
of a child that fell overboard from |
pleasure yacht, and the mother gave him
a small diamond ring. Later %n a St
Louis jeweler came to the settlement to
fish and told Bill that the ring waT worth
$,a. The luggerman was astonished and
was proportionately impressed Vith the
advantage of diamonds as representing
arge sums in small compass, it instant
y occurred to him that It would be a good
Idea to Invest his surplus cash in that
way and always have It on his person,
secure from fire or thieves. The jeweler
agreed to act as buyer for him. and sinca
then he had gradually acquired his pres
ent collection, which consists of three
studs, four rings, a large solitaire collar
button and a cluster pin, worth altogether
at least $2500.
"Bill Is a thrifty darkey, and between
fishing and tourists does well, but dia
mond buying has become a mania with
him. and he saves every cent he makes for
that purpose. I asked him If he wasn't
afraid of being drowned with all his treas
ures on him, which would be unjust to his
pretty mulatto wife. I'ae thought 'bout
that,' he said gloomily, 'but Liza's too
good lookln' ter stay er widder very long,
an' I don't want no other nigger man
struttin' round with my sparks.' "—New
Orleans Times-Democrat.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
At the election held last week for offi
cers there was a spirited contest for the
office of financier. There were 179 votes
cast, of which J. M. Camp, who has
faithfully discharged the duties of that
ofllce for a number of years, received
138.
Supreme Master "Workman Blckford
expressed the hope that during his term
the numerical strength of the order
would reach 400.000. His term will ex
pire in June, and the indications are that
his hopes will be realized. On the 1st
of May there lacked but 2003 of that num
ber, and as in April the net gain was
33SSlt ls fair to presume that there will
be a net gain of more than 2000 during
May.
The general and local extension com
mittees ln this State are actively at work.
There Is a great deal of activity In this
city, Alameda County, Sacramento and
San Jose.
Oak Leaf Ledge will celebrate its twen
ty-fifth anniversary on the 4th of next
June by an entertainment ln Chapman'3
Hall, Oakland. D. B. Hlrshberg will pre
side.
On the 21st inst. Past Supreme Master
Workman Jordan delivered a very inter
esting lectu-e on San Francisco and Us
relation to commerce before a large num
ber of the members of Magnolia -Lodee.
This was followed by an address bv
Grand Recorder Spencer and original
songs by Grand Receiver Rooth.
On last Wednesday Deputy Grand Mas
ter Danforth, Grand Recorder Spencer,
Special Deputy Molloy and Deputy Kidd
went to Sausallto and there consolidated
Tamalpais with Sausalito Lodge. A ban
quet followed.
CONFERENCE OF
STUDENTS BEGINS
ACTIVE WORK
Leading Coast Colleges Well
Represented at Pacific
Grove.
Interesting Address on "Funda
mentals of the Word of God"
Delivered by ths Rev. Dr.
Clampett.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 26.-Delegates
to the fifth annual Pacific Coast Students'
Conference arrived in this city last night
and the first work of the convention was
begun at 8 a. in. to-day, the body being
called to" order by H. W. Rose of Chicago
International College secretary of the
loung Men's Christian Association. The
business of organization was gone
through in a brief opening session last
night and short introductory addresses
were made by Chairman Rose, W AI
Parsons of San Francisco, who la gen
eral secretary of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association of Chicago; George W
Leavltt of Purdue University of Indiana,
and F. W. Anderson of Toronto. Canada
The work of the conference Is divided
Into departments, each of which is de
signed to do its part in advancing the pri
mary object of the gatherlng-that of
closer intercollegiate Intercourse on this
coast In Christian work among students—
and to-day's chief business was opening
these departments and outlining the work
that ls to bo followed In each during the
coming ten days.
..fh? departments opened to-day are-
Missionary Institute. i\ w. AnderaorHf
ih/ 3t°Ji Can , ada ; traveling secretary for
vlh tU f enU Volunteer movements in
&?«££ e f lca> , P^slding; Bible study,
oeorge \V\ Leavitt of Purdue University
Indiana presiding; association conference
H. \V . Rose of Cnicago, International CoU
ege secretary of the Y. M. C. A. presid
ing; "Life Work" conference, \\\M Par
sons ot San Francisco, presiding; delesri
r^iss by chairmeQ °< vS.
dSif a e br5as.^d on 2aa at ag i1 ? h d e
fM er! ! £? int W n of Prominence in pro®
fnt «,, la ii Ufe ot , California, the themes be-
m S f as^' 111 aerree wltn an d supple-
S?*^ 11 K h , at ls studl ed in the conference.
?h»? aw , ay after every ' new cult and ism
that gains a momentary popularitv wer«
given in a very forcible style. Al thtHx?
Cr Ahm S ,.°U 0 / ay were lar W attended
About 150 delegates are here and more
are expected to arrive on Monday. Thl
largest delegation comes from the Univer
sity of California, there being thirty-one
men to represent the blue and gold Po?
mona stands second in the size of her del
egation, while Stanford and the Univer
sity of Nevada come next. The delegates
present represent all the leading lnsU
tut.es of learning In California. Washing
ton, Oregon, Nevada, Idaho and Utah
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAN JOSE. May K.-The California
Cored Fruit As=«.-»eiation. which was or
panixfA to handle the prune crop, is issu
ing letters to its members stating the
modifications in its plans to place the or
ganization on a secure footing, now that
it failed to secure control of SO per cent of
the Stato'p acreage. The pian proposed
now is practically the same as that agreed
upon between the Fresno raisin growers
stid packers about ten days ago. President
Bond and the directors are confident that
under these changes they will be able to
handle the prune crop at an advantage to
the growers.
liut 80 jx?r cent cf the acreage of the
State, althouph &0 por cent of the prune
area of the Fanta Clara Valley, had been
sipned. Thf modifications are meeting
•with the approval of the local growers,
and so far several hundred have agreed
to leave their Iruit with the association.
Inside of ttr. days the association expects
to know just how it stands in the matter.
About the or.ly differences from the
original Fcheme is that the association
•will not attempt to maintain stable prices,
l;ut will fix the price from time to time
es mark' t conditions warrant, and it is
believed this will force many who are now
outside. the association to come in. as they
will not l>»* able to obtain any more
than association prices. Packers in re
turn will refuse to buy from any but as
sociation members.
President Bond's letter to the growers Is
as follows:
To j>revent a failurt of the association the
packer* have agreed to modify their contract
In the fallowing particulars, viz.: ; •
By striking out the provision guaranteeing
I-ricfP when or.ce rr.a<3e liy the board and leave
the same to be ebanced from time to time in
its discretion.
They tiaivt their demand fcr ninety per cent
of the cr.>]i. and leave the question of percent
age of the cro;> to be. secured to the decision of
the rr.anatement of the association.
They «u:ree i»i>t to deal with any broker or
$aVUw who would not llrr.lt his dealings ln or
y*.lrs of prunes to those controlled by the as-
i :• elation.
To do away with the Incentive to cut prices,
ar.J to Fimjilify the transaction of their busl
n«-tf» with the aFBoci&tion, that they a?ree to
orpaniz* into a corporation and deal with the
&£hoclat!on as one bcrson.
At a meeting of San Jose Grange this
morning the following resolution was
unanimously adopted:
Urtolved, That the Grange believes the Cured
Fruit Association is in the hands of honest
and efficient men. and if they believe that thl*
modiSf-atlnn ls *sserit!al *o the. Interest of the
RTnwers, we. the member* of the San Joee
<;ranre, are willing to give it our hearty ln
d-iireiner.t ar.d recommend that the growers
fiKn the elir>« and return them promptly that
the association may so forward and do the
uork fur which it was organized.
a Stable Price and It Is the
Belief That Grovrers Will
No Attempt Will Be Made to Uphold
Readily Sign.
Cured Fruit Association Is
Now Working Along
New Lines.
CONCESSIONS
OF PACKERS ARE
SATISFACTORY
A party of five American and London
capitalists arrived at the Palace Hotel
last night, all ready to embark on the
Samoa, which will sail within the next ten
days to the northeastern Siberian coast
on an exploration expedition that will last
seven months. It is an enterprise of big
proportions and may develop into a colos
sal mining and commercial scheme if an
ticipated conditions are realized.
For the past week Russians and Eng
lishmen have been arriving daily In this
city to Join the party, which will set out
for Siberia next month. A syndicate
composed of Russians and Englishmen
are at the head of the enterprise. Vladi
mir Wonlarlarsky holds the concessions
from the Emperor of all the Russian for
land on the northeastern Siberian coast
covering an area twice that of France and
possessing a coast line of more than 1500
miles. The present expedition will be one
of exploration merely, no thought to Im
mediate colonization or commercial activ
ity being entertained. The trip will take
the best part of eight or nine months, at
the end of which time the Samoa will re
turn to this port and further plans of oper
ation will be decided upon according to the
report made by the exploring party.
The syndicate controlling the expedition
is known as the Eastern Siberian syndi
cate of London and It ls through this cor
poration that the capital has been forth
coming for the present venture. The con
cessions are all Russian and emanate di
rectly from the Imperial authority.
One of Russia's foremost engineers, C.
Bogdavonltch, represents the Russian in
terests ln the syndicate, and he will ac
company the expedition on Its trip to
Siberia. In charge of the exploration
party will be G. D. Roberts, an old Cali
fornian and a miner in the early days of
the b!g placers. Other prominent mem
bers interested in the trip of the Samoa
are: J. B. Landfleld Jr., Is. J. Stewart, F.
\V. Baker, Forbes Rickard and Cecil
Johnstone.
The Samoa will proceed from this port
to British Columbia and then go to Cape
Nome, where it will be met by a Russian
gunboat, which will transfer a number
of Cossacks to the Samoa to join the ex
ploration party. To the Cossacks will fall
the burden cf the rough work of the trip.
Several meetings will be held ln this city
before the departure and all the prelim
inary plans will be fully perfected.
Party at the Palace Preparing to Sail
on the Samoa to Develop a
Big Russian Conces-
English Capitalists Furnish
the Money for the
Enterprise.
EXPEDITION TO
EXPLORE NORTH
SIBERIAN COAST
NOT IN THE PLAY.
Stage and Scared the Actors and
Audience.
Escaped Thunder Rolled Down the
It was at an Edinburgh theater and the
piece was "Lear." The King himself was
battling furiously with the storm and the
audience was hushed in sympathy with
the struggles of the poor old man. Sud
denly a terrific crash of thunder, that
startled even I,ear himself, though he had
encountered that same sorm ln the same
place for a fortnight, was heard, and
there immediately burst through the scene
a score of nine-pound cannon balls. These
rolled down the sloping stage with ac
celerated velocity on the footlight. mak
ing the patriarchal king seek refuge ln
theiwlngs with more alacrity than dignity,
and presenting an aspect so threatening
to the musicians that they Incontinently
fled. Something approaching a panic was
on the point of seizing the audience, for
the scene had been knocked down and
other Bounds of alarm mingled with the
rumble of the balls, when the last shot,
having come to a stop, the real state
of matters dawned upon the cooler
portion of the spectators. They had been
treated unexpectedly and unintentionally
to a peep behind the scenes. It so hap
pened that the manager of this theater
had a method of his own for making
thunder and his thunder was regarded
by all who heard It and considered them
selves judges of thunder as magnificent
Its component parts were the stage car
penter, a wheelbarrow and the cannon
balls that had so Inausplciously revealed
themselves. The carpenter would wheel
his barrow load of balls to and fro over
wooden ledges and uneven surfaces at the
back of the stage, these being so con
structed as to send Into the auditorium a
fine, full and sonorous roar. On the
night in question, however, the carpenter
missed his footing, the barrow upset and
the catastrophe we have been describing
happened. — Cassell's Magazine.
THE GORILLA'S COUETSHIP.
rican Forest.
Battle Between Giant Apes in an Af-
"After the adjustment of our little un
pleasantness with tho South," said Cap
tain Jack Benton. "I drifted back into
civil life. It seemed monotonous, how
ever, after the excitement of campaign
ing, and receiving an offer to go to Africa
and collect animals for menageries, I
Jumped at it. My work took me into the
interior of upper Guinea, which was then
nbout as wild a country as there was in
the world.
"One morning I left camp to make a
circuit of some traps we had set in the
night, and, as I wasn't on the lookout for
big game.. I took only a light riile with
me. Trudging through the woods, I came
on a little clearing, and there, not -fifty
feet away, I saw a big male gorilla. He
was on aM fours, half-squatting on the
ground.
"Equipped with only a light rifle. I had
no ambition to meddle with the beast. I
slipped back into th<> underbrush, and
was about to make off as quietly as pos
sible when the peculiarity of the gorilla's
actions attracted me. He seemed to be
trying to look as amiable as was possible
for euch a monster, and a second glance
showed me the reason for this. At the
right of the clearing was a second gorilla,
smaller, but equally ferocious-looking, a
fitting mate for tho first big brute. 1 had
evidently discovered a gorilla courtship.
"The male gorilla, trying to attract the
attention of the female by uncouth mo
tions, was beginning to advance clumsily
toward her, when suddenly a dull boom!
boom! sounded from far away in the for
est. Up to that instant the male gorilla,
while savage-looking, had given no sign
of being angry, but now all was changed.
His hugo Jaws shut together with a snap.
Then through the silence which had fallen
on the Jungle when the first sullen chal
lenge was heard came a sharp bark, fol
lowed by a deep humming sound. It was
the terrible battle call of a full-grown
gorilla, the cry sent out when he is about
to light to the death for a mate. At the
end of each echoing challenge the hairy
giant beat with his big hands on his chest,
while at the other end of the clearing,
waiting to bestow her hand on the vic
tor, sat the female gorilla whose charms
had Inspired such jealous rage.
"Suddenly there was a little flurry at
the left end of tne clearing, and the chal
lenger broke through the bushes Into
plain sight. I could see he was a veteran,
with the scars of many battles on him.
His big lips were rolled up ln a grim smile,
showing broken teeth and great gaps, the
result of former battles. . Both gorillas
were taller than the average man as they
stood on their hind feet for battle, but
their enormous breadth of chest and
shoulders made them look llko squatting,
hairy giants. In fighting ability both
seemed enual, for while the second' older
gorilla had evidently been in more bat
tles, yet the one J had first seen in the
Jungle had an advantage In strength and
youth.
"Neither of the blgr animals wasted time
In preliminaries; they had worked them
selves up Into such an Insanity of rage
that only killing would satisfy. Each ad
vanced on his hind legs until within six
feet of the other. Then the younger go
rilla began to fight. Stepping forward with
marvelous quickness for such an ungain
ly animal, he struck a flail-Uke blow with
his huge paws. Had the blow gone home,
no mere flesh and blood, not even the big
boned frame of his antagonist, could have
withstood It. But the old gorilla had been
ln too many death grapples to be caught
so early in the fight. Even as the big
arm swung around he sprang forward,
coming in close so as to miss the full
force of the swing. The next instant he
had swung his own arm around • the
younger gorilla's neck, encircling it with
four feet of steel muscles and holding his
enemy's head stiff upright, bo that he
could not bring the terrible teeth into
play. Then the old gorilla opened his
heavy jaws, and getting a firm grip on
the right shoulder of the younger gorilla,
held on like a bulldog, tearing his way
through the knotted muscle and sinews
and snoulder blade of his opponent. At
the same time the left arm of the old
fighter wrapped itself about the younger
gorilla In a rib-breaking grip.
"It was only for an instant,, however,
"WASHINGTON. May 25.— In accordance
with the recommendation of the Court of
Inquiry, the Secretary of the Navy has
appointed a court-martial to try Captain
John McGowan on charges connected
with the killing of a Filipino. The detail
for the court is ae follows: Rear Ad
miral Silas Casey, president; Rear Ad
miral Francis J. II. Higginson, Rear Ad
miral Adelbert S. Barker. Captain J. J.
Read. Captain Frank Wildes. Captain F.
A. Cook, Captain B. P. Lamberton, Cap
tain Theodore F. Jewell and Captain
Charles H. Davis. This court is made up
of an unusual number of officers high in
rank because of the rank of the accused.
The Secretary's order directs the court
to meet at the "Washington navy yard at
10 o'clock on Tuesday morning next.
There are three charges, with a corre
sponding number of specifications, upon
which the court will act. The first is
"scandalous conduct tending to the de
struction of good morals."
The specification under this charge la
that "on or about the 21st day of Novem
ber, 1S93. between the hours of 12 noon
and 1 o'clock, the said John McGowan.
captain In the United States navy, being
in command of the United States steamer
Monadnock, then lying in the harbor of
Cebu. P. I., did wilfully and without justN
fiable cause and without the exercise of
proper discretion fire a shot from a re
volver In the direction of a native shore
boat which had approached within hail
ing distance of said vessel, thereby
wounding a Filipino, one of the occu
pants of said .boat, who subsequently
died from the effects of saJd wound; this
to the scandal and disgrace of the naval
service."
The second charge is "Conduct to the
prejudice of good order and discipline."
ajid the specification is that Captain Mc-
Gowan made careless use of firearms in
shooting at the native boat.
The third charge is "neglect of duty in
that, knowing that it was his duty, as
commanding officer of the Monadnock, to
report to the commander in chief of the
United States naval force to which the
Monadnock was attached the circum
stances attending the said shooting, he
did nevertheless at the time of said oc
currence and thereafter while in com
mand of said vessel wholly neglect and
fall to make such report to his comman
der in chief, and the said McGowan did
therein and thereby neglect his duty as
commander of a vessel of the United
States navy."
Manila.
Three Counts Growing Out of the
Shooting of a Filipino Boatman
• • in the Harbor of
Officers High in Rank Will
, Hear Charges Against
the Captain.
NAVAL COURT
APPOINTED TO
TRY McGOWAN
that things looked so desperate for the
younger lighter. The first gorilla s splen
did lighting ability and tremendous
strength snowed themselves. \v mrnnj,
up his left arm he fastened his long nn
gera about his antagonist's throat ami
iried to break his grip and stiove his head
back. At lust the only effect of this was
to make the old fellow tighten his grip
on the other s shoulder. Then the younger
gorilla put forth all his strength. I could
see the muscles of his arm, shoulders and
back gather themselves into big knots
and bunch up as if they would break
through the skin. The murderous deep
set eyes started forward, until they were
level with the cheek-bones. A last des
perate effort and the big head went back,
the tightly closed jaws of the old guerilla
tearing out flesh and sinews as they were
shoveu away, but not ungrlppcd. Then
the old lighter's right arm slowly and re
luctantly uncoiled from the other's neck.
The younger gorilla had broken the death
grip. Botn big fighters were momentarily
tree and stepped back to regain breath.
"Although wounded, it was the younger
gorilla that made the attacK. This time
he did not waste any efforts on blows
with his huge paws. When they had ap
proached almost within striking distance
the younger of the fighters made a rush.
He received a blow on the head that
would have crushed a man's skull. It
scarcely staggered him. Then both his
long arms wrapped themselves about his
opponent's necst, and holding his antag
onist tightly clasped, he began biting with
tierce energy, not a steady gripping bite,
but furious, tearing gnashings, which
npped skin and rtesh from face and shoul
ders and chest.
"The older gorilla was taken by sur
prise at this sudden rush and change of
tactics by his opponent. But though at
a disadvantage, he wns too old a fightsr
to Le easily dismayed. First he secured
a grip on his opponent's throat, and
straining every muscle tried to tear him
self'free from the infuriated grasp of the
younger beast. He might as easily have
broken a steel cable as the strangling hold
of his enraged opponent. Then the older
fighter relaxed his grip on the other's
throat, and placing both his big human
like paws on the younger's face, tried to
force hl» head back.
This brought out a terrific trial of
strength. If the old gorilla could force
the other's head back, he would be free
and might perhaps break his enemy's
neck. Each of the huge fighters seemed
to know this and put forth all of his
giant strength. l>ack, phoulders, arms
and neck were called into play, the heavy
muscles rippling up and gathering into big
knots. The snarling growls, which had
marked the beginning of the fight had
died away. Each animal was silent. A
stlllnes? seemed to have fallen on the
whole jungle, and the crackling of the
twigs and dry leaves seemed unnaturally
loud as the two gigantic fighters came to
the supreme struggle.
"For what was probably half a minute,
but seemed an hour, the two semi-human
shapes stood there putting forth every
energy. At last the younger fighter's face
.was within two inches of his opponent's
head. The young gorilla made a supreme
effort, twisted his head suddenly and be
fore his opponent could dodge had fast
ened his teeth ln a death grip on the
throat of the veteran fighter.
"The veteran was borne backward, car
rying his foe down with him. Unless he
could loosen the grip on his throat he was
doomed, and the old fighter knew it. Over
and over on. the ground the two huge apes
rolled, fighting desperately, but without
sound save for the shrill hissing of their
breaths as it was forced from their heav
ing chests. The veteran of many a hard
fought jungle battle knew his own end
had come.
"T'n to this time the battle had b«»*>n
fought In silence, but as the old gorilla
gave up the contest and felt the teeth of
his antagonist sinkingr deeper and deeper
into his throat, the pain was greater than
h<» could bear. He broke Into a walling
pry that echoed through the jungle. I
have heard the death cry of many ani
mals, but never a call like that of the
dying gorilla. For it was not like an nni
rrial, but the wall of a man in overmaster
ing pain— a choking half sob, half shriek.
Again and again It rose uo. T lifted my
rifle and then lowered It. for I could not
help the old gorilla, and to meddle in that
fteht with onlv mv light rifle meant my
own death. The half human wall broke
out again, but while T was standing ir
resolute It. ceased. The fierce, hard-fight
ing, hard-hltlng. younger gorilla had been
working hi? way through his antagonist's
throat and had at last bitten through the
windpipe. Tho great fight was over, and
the veteran of many similrir contests had
met the fate he had meted out to others.
"I watched the younger ape, as If fas
cinated, whllo he ¦wroaked his revenge on
the body of his dead enemy. Then with
a start it occurred to me that I would
suffer a similar fate if I stayed in th!».t
vicinity. T5ut T had no r*»al cause fnr
anxfety. The gorilla had oth*r matters to
think of. The last irllmpse T had of the
conqueror was as. with the stlnr<» of baftl<»
still in ln his eyes and covered from head
to foot with his own blood and that of
his enemy, he marched off In triumph to
ward her for whom h<» had fought «o des
perately and so well."— New York Sun.
Four Others Were Struck by Flying
Bocks and Painfully Injured,
but Their Recovery Is
Probable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, May C6.— By an explosion
In the Florida Mountain tunnel of the
Trade Dollar mine, at Silver City, at 10
o'clock this morning Dan Joyce was In
"antly killed and Asher Jessie died at
b:15 to-night from injuries received. Joyce
came from Alania, Colo. He was 35 years
of age and had no family. Jessie was
from Nampa, where his parents reside.
He was 22 years of age. Andy lJavls was
terribly Injured, the loft side of his face
being blown away and his left eye de
stroyed. It is thought he will recover.
Joe Nelson's shoulder was broken by Hy
ing rocks. Two other men were stunned,
but they will be out to-morrow.
The shift that went off at 7 a. m. left
one hole that missed. The shift going on
at that time was notified and found the
missing hole. The met set up their drills
and went to work, and it is supposed one
of the drills struck the cap of the unex
ploded charge. The resulting explosion
was terrific. Joyce's head was blown from
his shoulders and Jessie's skull was
crushed. Three muckers had just left
with a train of rock, otherwise the loss of
life might have been greater. When Da
vis was found the body of Joyce was
found lying across his legs. Asked if he
was hurt, he said: "No, not bad; look
after the other fellows."
A Coroner's inquest was held, the ver
dict being in accordance with the facts.
Men Fere Drilling and
Struck a Charge Which
Had Been Missed.
TWO MEN ARE
KILLED IN AN
IDAHO MINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS^
¦& u • £
& CHOICE PLESSE 7Q f^onfo A Yard.
* NOVELTY SILKS fO yOlHo Former Price SI.25. $
*^ FOR MONDAY. ! A recent advantajareous^ purchase bv otir New York buyer gives us PflR MONDAY *+
iUII II.UI1UHI. j pO5?es5ion of SPRING FASHION'S CHOICEST PLISSE SILKS, rUR •»U |1 U« 1 '
lf-inrh Hair cloth. ?:< j -.vhicli enables us to place them on sale, commencing TO- children's Hose sup- Iz
T? -.I*. MOB-ROW, at less than the cost of manufacture. &
A Fateen Waist L'.ningr. j These Silks are the most desirable sti'les of this season and not &
r;« quality, for. .. lite; only have you a savins of 47c on every yard, but you j?et silks of an Brush and corduroy
*^ >>-oar«i'.k sk'rt Lininp ' unsurpassed quality that have always commanded at least $1.25 a yard. Dress Bindinsr. all *y
J% wtra onextaautr. in j and in these fashionable colorings ' ' colors 4c yard j2L
S? nil the *!>r!nc colors, j b
* ? ?i ?SK:k5S-VSSiii ?Sft5?*»? Pink OldRose Gray New Blue a % d £g£ST$Z &
•^ Cadet Lavender Reseda White Black Monday Oc •«
-g* Stockinet I>rp*!= Shield., j >^
foT.'' Z^:.. V !!:7c M^' P ur s P ecia l salc at 78 cents a >' ard - Regular value $1.25. " orn Bones - 1 ,. 8^,; &
I* SPECIAL SALE. A GREAT EVENT IN ; MORE EXTRAORDINARY Last week's sale of Fou.
?i SI.50 and S2 SILKS^S^' CJ^ ASS NOVELTY ; FOl JLARD OFFERS. lard Silks was a record ±
~ Cr>~ Ofi« „ Y~mJ SILKS starts to-morrow, when 1 cn~ „ Yr. nr 4 breaker with us. and we in- rST
¦-& For 98c ° Yard - the choicest silks of -the season i 5 ° c a L ard - tend to follow up this un- &
1] will be closed out for about one-half the regular for- t Worth IOC and 80C precedented success bv giv-
*? mer selling; price. We have selected from our exten- ; inc vou values that will eclipse AXL PREVIOUS *S*
.% sive stock 1200 yards of the leading styles of ; FOULARD OFFERS.
far.cv silks, which we have decided to. -discontinue at j On sale to-morrow. 3000 yards of New Twilled '.%
*£* or.ce. The variety of weaves will immediately appeal j Silk Foulards, and so cheaply did we secure them that
,& to worn en who are informed rearnrdinK current fash- ! we are enabled to make this astonishing offer. The $2.
ion. THE ENTIRE COLLECTION presents an ar- j designs are the most exquisite ones produced this sea-
"S* rr.v of the most desirable and stylish silk fabrics of j son, in such desirable and much sought for colorings
A 1900, and renomber that there is not a yard in this lot j as —
*T »hat is worth less than $1.50. most of them QO r j New Blue Brown Black and White Qn sale crn %
•^f $2.00. Our special sale to-morrow Yard "OC | Navy Cadet Purple ...Yard 50^ *2*
f APHEWOftlENALSALEOF BLACK CREPONS AND CHEVIOTS f
£ One of the extra worthy attractions for this week, beginninc Monday, will be an offering of high-class
-J* Blade Crepon? and Black Cheviots. WE ASSERT WITH ASSURANCE that no such marvelous assemblage of
J£q high-grade black goods has ever been centered in any retail establishment in this city. During the past week we
received a shipment of 300 pieces, which we closed out from the largest New York importing house at practi-
•^ rally our own price. It is therefore possible for us to offer them to our patrons at a saving of at least so per cent. *|»
*\ TTvev include ihe choicest and most brilliant designs in prcttv medium and large raised effects of BLACK £9
*? BLISTER CREPONS. that wore manufactured for this spring: also several grades of the most reliable wearing
-j* BLACK CHEVIOTS AND SERGES. Note these extraordinarily low prices:
4* Sf.CO Crepons for 75c a Yard 75c Serges, 40-inch, for 44c a Yard
4* SI. 50 and 51.75 Crepons for. . . .Sl.00 a Yard Sl.00 Cheviots, 46-inch, for 67c a Yard *£
S2.00 and S2.50 Crepons for. .51.50 a Yard SI.25 Cheviots, 52-Inch, for. . . .!79c a Yard *2.
I GREAT WASH GOODS SALE. ! COTTON SHIRT WAISTS. LACES AT SPECIAL PRICES. *¦
*7 T,n*t »••*« remarkable ofTerlr.pK will be 7r. *__ Ai rft llf-!_l_. tVe knew that our offer of Lawi l»«it *^
* cX^,r^^^;; Ju^ 75c for $1.50 Waists. Ss Kgyg 3 S
*«rp*> rnmrt ttteadanEc all who were Come an4 •?<» them to-morrow; the work-; tri continue this sale.
«naMe to: r^rnd last week mar.ship and flnlrh are perfect; made of (i] C YARD-1000 yards Point de Paris *&
-& IOC £St£PS fe&SJffSSS'JS eboIC^ Percale. Whit. Lawn and White ! I--, 'n pre tty de8lKns; woVth 1Oc .
i; the :-re'.t!-?t tiesler!*; ln colors of Blue, : P'qu*. by the Stanley and Marquise manu-l YfC ,'* RD -'« yards Point de Paris
4* 1'ink, I-avender. Ulack an.1 White. Spo- fact .. r ers = W ° rth 15 °" ' j2.
Z <^'. »<*• laci.rers. I |j c VARD-joon yards Point de Paris t?
,& "^ La<>e: worth ISe.
S FXTRA SP-CIAL LADIES' LAWN SACQUES. *8c ££?wo^ ds Polnt de ParIs T
* 50P r''<'«^< Scotch Oxford Cheviots m1 ; «."..>-.
* ESTiSgakTO i? oirer^ Z? l &\ 57c for $i,50 Kind, FOR MONDAY, *
amazlnKiy low rrice of It ,, im: , OEsl M e t0 huy the matertal for llisOO yards exquisite open effecta ln new >3l
T. I *JC. i> '?'" ' , -, ! what we sc!l you these rretty Dressing Embroideries that usually sell at ISc Q,-» **
¦—^ Herular -value 25c. ; p arrilJe!1 already ma<Jp ; pretty open-work a yard. Special Monday Tnrd xJC C^
*- Thr*r two «ty!f<= are the most popular ; Kmhroidory and a poo<l rra.le Victoria 800 yards choice patterns EmhroMen- 7
JS* fatrks of to-day, and always sold at 25c: I.nwn have been used for their man- prrT/-. to 9 Inches wide. Special.. tci •**
~G yanl. i ufacture. On special eale Each tM v Tani IOC
£,. ¦¦¦-.....
*. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
- —- —^—^— — — — »— — — __^_
4^ ' - ¦ €
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WONDERFUL SUCCESS
OF* OUR
MONSTER
This Week We Will
Start the Greatest
Ever Heard Of!
JVE CLOSE OUT ALL OUR LAST
YEAR'S STOCK OF MEN'S FIN-
EST QUALITY TAN SHOES AT
S1.5O
&2.OO
$2m5O A PAIR.
Former Pricss $5, $6 and $7.
These shoes are from ihe lead-
ing factories cf this country. If
you want bargains In Tan Shce3
NOW IS YOUR TIME; so don't
wait, but call early as possible.
THIS WILL BE~THE LAST WEEK
to secure a pair of MEN'S FINE
FRENCH CALF or PATENT
LEATHER SHOES at
50c, $1.00, $1.25 a Pair.
Mo Mail Orders Filled
on the Above Shoes.
Ladies' Tan Shoes'.
THIS WEEK we will put en
sale about 1900 pairs of Ladles'
Extra Fine Tan Chroma Kid Cloth
or Kid Top Lace Shoes, very
latest up-to-date coin toes, flex-
ible sewed soles, all sizes, ail
widths —
$2.00 a Pair.
Also aboutl 100 pairs of Ladies'
Finest Quality Tan Chroma &d
Shoes, hand- welted sewed soles,
coin toe and tip, all sizes, all
widths —
$2.50 a Pair.
SEE OUH BARGAIN COUNTERS
FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS IN CM/Z.-
OREN'S, MISSES' AND BOYS* TAN
SHOES,
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
N0LAN~BR0S.,
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
i DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S BELT! !
° <f55\ lin * nis I Restore Your Kidneys, I Cure •
| Youp p 3 |n s, I Vitalize Your Blood, I Build g
S \ Vour Nerves and Muscles. S
A \ >^& &r&^^~*^*** 3 woHd O< > W BecAURA* 11 ! yf r ? nd ,. r emedy stands out *o strongly In the electro-medical 2
2 v \ yV^rV* i5r^ " • Jr te?y ever aSSlEd Jo A V her ' by bro «Sht to the front the most perfect body bat- X
• ¦ . \ \r \ ,V* S*S tj/ s~ thowwhn %«?«.» M e human system. Because I have so fearlessly exposed 2
• O\M\Jf'i^ / xJ*H^^^ many men imnosed ,VnoJ? e K Ple by cn eaP«>- made. Injurious appliances I have seen •
0 IPIPllP y?^Y\\ ' /// /&0*&' ! ?Z Been hoW nit?ir?t« hoi? "2 by promises am! 30-day trial offers. I have ©
a "V Y \/\> 1x///JlS&$rJ^'' and whMi fhi-t? n»r« e c . en tlru^''<« to death or tortured by needlesa operations. Q
a - /VV'&W^^Lr. S T hive so de»^^ at ,i; J'ctrlcity «-" the grandest cure for all pal Ins and weak- S
1 SIDNEY TROUBLE and LAME BACK. LUMBAGO. g
© Wf*^i3t' &*£M^^v^^^^T^ &^&$?^Fv»9SS!£^i«***4-J r> . REDDIXO. Cal., May fi. idoo SACRAMENTO. Mar 3 nro O>
M A^^^n^^^W^T^^^^m^^''^ r, r •• * cLAUO »W: I havV u,,d I «urremJ over two year, from rheuma^sm §
X V$ffi$V@^f iffiJSrfr »lW M^t'V-*?^*^K&3L "-*- your FeIt "" Ul "•'•"'! *n.l haw foun.i It do ln th * muscles of the tack. After exhausting ~
I ] A' l^Sfel !
J ;ii: *^^ *t^»^ 7O ' J MARKET ST.. Cor. Kearny, Saa Francisco, l«S!I2SES!r\ ©
-«^^x'~ t -*~" Vvyy And cor. Spring and £ooond Sts., Los Acgele3. B&3JJ5M3'iJj|ji a \ S
40) . Ofnee Hours-9 a, in, to i p, m. SunJ:iy» n u 1. 1 ftTTT1'*f^=»BflliW aPETALUMA. May 25.-A force of men
and teams started work this morning on
the mile track at Agricultural Park. In
this city, to put the track in condition for
the Gentlemen's Driving Club, recently
organized. The club will commence oper
ations shortly, when the first series of
races will be held at the track under tb«
club's auspices.
Preparing for the Races.
Mr. Wiziarde for several years publish
ed at Kansas City the F.aton. a musical
paper that had a wide circulation In the
East, and had Issued other publications,
among the most prominent being "Wl
zlarde's Annual." a collection of hia writ
ings. He had also contributed to news
papers in Omaha. Chicago, Denver. San
Francisco. New York and Boston. 'Wl
ziarde was born in Brooklyn. N. T.. where
his parents now reside. Ho leaves a
widow and three children here. He re
ceived an Injury two years ago and nevex
fully recovered.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. May 26.— Professor
Robert Wlziarde. a young author and
composer, who came to St. Joseph sev
eral months ago from Kansas City, com
mitted suicide In his studio here to-day
by cutting the arteries in his wrists witu
a razor. He left no note of explanation.
Wiziarde wrote a curtain-raiser for Julia
Marlowe, which has been put on by her
with some of her plays during the last
season, and he claimed to be engaged ir»
writing a melodrama for her which he
expected to have ready to submit early
this summer.
poser, Commits Suicide in
St. Joseph.
Bobert "Wiziarde, Author and Com-
YOUNG PLAYWRIGHT
ENDS HIS LIFE
Members of the Church and Friends
Spend a Pleasant Day at
Schuetzen Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 26.— The fifteenth
annual picnic and reunion of the Sacred
Heart Parish was held at Schuetzen l*ark
to-day. Two thousand people visited the
grounds and made merry.
The committees were made up as fol
lows:
Prizes— J. C. O'Connor (chairman), M.
M. Meherin, T. Fitzpatrick, H. J. Ma
honey, W. Stafford, J. C. Queen, J. B.
Queen. J. W. McCarthy, Mr. McPherson.
T. J. Walsh, J. J. Cooney, H. Keenan, M.
F. Bray, J. Ward, lu McGinn, . R. J.
O'Connor,. P. Rlley, J. Shannon, I. D.
Dwyer, M. Cooney, L. Fitzgerald, H. M.
Kelly." H. I. Mulcreavy, G. Peterson, J.
McGlnty, Rev. Father Cantilllon, Phil Fay
Sr., D. Holliday. J. Kllroy, P. J. Tormey,
H. Fanner, Rev. II. . Lagan, Rev. J. J.
Cullen, Rev. P. Byrne.
Reception— M. . M. Meherin (chairman),
J. C. O'Connor. H. Keenan, J. C. Queen.
M. Cooney, H. I. Mulcreavy, II. M. Kelly,
J. Ward, L. Fitzgerald. T. Fitzpatrick, I.
D.' Dwyer, Rev. J. J. Cullen. P. Fay Sr.
Floor— H. J. Mahoney (manager), I. D.
Dwyer. G. H: Sullivan. A. J. Gaughran.
H. I. Mulcreavy. H. Kelly. Miss Margar
et Murphv, Miss Alice C. Dwyer. Miss
Margaret Gallagher, Miss Frances Arnold.
The results of the races were:
For altar boys 12 years or under, won by
H. Keenan. -v- •'¦'. ,
For altar boys 15 years and under, won
by Leo Murphy. _
For boys of Sacred Heart College, won
by Frank Rlppon.
For marriageable men, won by Howard
Welch.
ANNUAL REUNION OF
SACRED HEART PARISH
Collins Sentenced.
SEATTLE, May 2G.— John Collins, the
self-confessed robber of the 1 First .Na
tional Bank of this city, was sentenced
to ten years at Walla Walla to-day. X
May Not Be Permitted to Land, as
They Have Recently Been Lib
erated From Prison.
NEW YORK. May 26.— Commissioner of
Immigration Ritchie sent one of his In
spectors down the bay to-day to board
the Cunard steamship Lucania and detain
James Fitrharrls, nicknamed "Skln-the-
Goat," and Joseph Mullet, who were re
cently liberated from - English prisons,
where they had been confined for alleged
complicity In the Phoenix Park murders
of 1SS2.
It Is not yet certain whether these men
are entitled to be admitted to this coun
try. Their examination will be conducted
by the regular officials at the barge of
fice.
Death of Mrs. W. G. Murphy.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
MARYSVILLE. May 26.— Mrs. W. G.
Murphy, wife of a pioneer lawyer of this
city and a survivor of the Ill-fated Don
ner party, died at her home here this
afternoon. Deceased was one of the old
est residents of Marysville.
I"or officers of Company D. L«age of the
Cross Cadets, won by Robert McDerraot.
For privates, Cornpany D, League of the
Cross Cadets. Harry H. Sullivan won, P.
u . Meherln second.
Companion race, won' by H. Sullivan and
P. Kennedy.
Egg race won by Miss Dillon.
FITZHARRIS AND MULLET
ARE TO BE DETAINED
Aged Counterfeiter Arrested.
TOWAXDA. Pa., May 26.— Louis Ruger,
73 years old, of Tuscorara, who is alleged
to have been flooding: this section with
counterfeit coins, has been arrested and
brought here. Secret service officials lay
In the woods a few rods from Ruger" a
dace of operation for an hour and
Preparations Under Way for a Two
Days' Clebration of tho
Fourth of July.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 26.— Every Elk In the
State has been Invited to participate In
the Fourth of July celebration to be given
here by the local lodge of Elks. Elabor
ate preparations are being made. The
glad hand will be extended and the event
made a red letter one in Elkdom, Invita
tions have already been mailed to all the
B. P. O. E. lodges, and it is expected they
will respond in force. This Jollification
will be a two-day affair, opening on July
3 and continuing until the last bomb has
been exploded on the night of the 4th.
Frank J. Brandon has been elected di
rector general of the celebration. The
programme Is not yet complete, but wih
be one worthy of the order. On the even-
Ing of the 3d there will be a parade of
Elks and a ball and banquet.
A grand street pageant will take place
on the morning of the 4th, composed of
all the civic societies and containing the
Horribles and a Chinese division. In the
evening there will be another parade of
Elks, a ball and fireworks.
The queen of the celebration is to be
chosen by ballots. So. far three of San
Jose's fairest daughters are in the contest
—Misses Frances Mllroy, Gene Veuve and
Alice Gussef eld. ¦ .. . -
ELKS TO GATHER IN
FORCE AT SAN JOSE
PETALUMA, May 26.— A large pile of
mud and debris recently dredged from
Petaluma Creek, placed on the bank near
the railroad track, began to slide during
the night, and a ton of mud covered the
track this morning, delaying the , owl
freight train. It required a large force of
men shoveling all day to keep the track
clear. . .
Traffic Delayed -by Mud.
The House to-day partly completed the
consideration of the Alaskan civil gov
ernment bill. A few paragraphs passed
over, during the reading of the bill will be
considered on Monday.,
WASHINGTON, May 26.— The Senate to
day agreed to the resolution for the In
vestigation by the ' Committee on Cuban
Affairs of the. Cuban; postal and other Ir
regularities, authorizing tho committee to
visit Cuba If necessary. to pursue the in
quiry. Beyond this the proceedings were
of little general interest, some time being
given to the sundry civil appropriation
bill without completing It. and to District
of Columbia business. One of the latter
measures provides for the removal of the
historic "long bridge," the highway from
the North to the South during the war of
the rebellion.
Island to Conduct the
Inquiry.
SENATE TO INVESTIGATE
THE STEALS IN CUBA
Committee Authorized to Visit the
watched the prisoner coin the money.
Ruger has been twice convicted and
served time for counterfeiting. Adolphus
Babcock, James Colver and Stanley V.
Powers, all of Tuscorara. now awaiting
trial on the charge of counterfeiting, are
supposed to be members of the Ruger
gang-.
' SOUTH MCALLISTER. I. T.. May 28.—
In the United States Court here to-day
Alex Brisco was convicted of murder In
the second degree and received a life sen
tence in the penitentiary- Brisco Bhot and
killed a miner named Tom Short near here
last July.
Epecial Dirpatch to The Call.
Killed While Asleep.
REDDING, May 25.— Joseph Lynch, a
laborer about 30 years of age. was rui.
over and killed to-day near Redding by
the southbound Shasta express. He was
asleep on the track. He had worked for
the Mountain Copper Company at Kes
wick, but quit this morning and drew his
pay. ¦ ¦-
Life Sentence for Brisco.
Epedal Dlepatcb to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Pensions for
Callfornian;: Additional— Jonathan Grif
fith. Orland. $8. Increase— William Folk,
San Jose. $10; Sylvester Venard. Los An
geles. S10; John H. Wyatt, Santa Monica.
$12; Nelson "Woods, San Diego, 512; Hiram
D. Glasener, Los Angeles, J12; John H.
Cotton. Ontario, $5. Reissue— Woodbury
Blpoksom, Los Angeles, $17.
Oregon ; Increase— John EL Martin. Eu
gene, $17; Theodore W. Richardson, Klazn
ath Falls, ?10.
Washington: Additional— Charles Beebe,
Kalama, id. Increase— John A. Harris,
Spokane. $10.
The postoffice at Kern. Cal., baa been
relegated to the fourth class.
Pensions for Residents of California,
Oregon and Washington.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bernardo HIguera, Who "Was Thought
to Be Dead, Finally
Awakens.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 26.— After a comatose
sleep of a week Bernardo HIguera, a
young Spaniard. 20 years old, residing; in
tho foothills east of this city, regained
consciousness to-day. His case is a pe
culiar cn« and greatly alarmed the Span
ish and Portuguese residents of that sec
tion. For a time It was believed HIguera
was dead, and his family on several oc
casions was on the verge of calling In an
undertaker.
Last Saturday HIguera started for a
plenlc in a canyon near Alum Rock Park,
lie was seated In the back of a spring
wagon, with his feet dangling over the
rear. The driver whipped up the horse,
throwing Higuera out. He struck on tho
back of hla head and was picked up un
conscious. No signs of life were discern
ible and he was taken home.
He was supposed to be dead, but other
signs of death failing to materialize the
calling of an undertaker was delayed.
Nourishment was forced down his throat.
To-day he regained consciousness and
was brought to this city for treatment.
It Is supposed that In falling he struck
the base of the brain, which caused par
tial paralysis.
LAY UNCONSCIOUS
FOR SEVEN DAYS
Fourteen Young Islanders Arrive to
Enter a Catholic Institution at
Baltimore.
Special IMsratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*. May 26.-Right Rev.
Bishop Blenk of the Catholic diocese of
Porto Rico has just sent to America four
teen young men to be fitted for the priest
hood and ordained for his diocese. These
Btudents have entered St. Mary's Sem
inary, Baltimore, and on the completion
of their theological studies they will be
consecrated priests In the Archcathedral
in Baltimore, after which they will return
to Porto Rico and take charge of various
parishes. These are the first Porto Rican3
to study for the priesthood in the United
States and this is the initial step towara
carrying American-educated priests to our
new possessions.
Trappist Monks have obtained permis
sion from Rome through the apostolic
delegation in Washington to found a new
abbey In the United States. They will be
located at Cumberland, R. I., where they
have purchased a farm and will at once
begin erecting a monastery. They camt
to America from Tracadlo. Nova Scotia,
where they have one of the oldest reli
gious establishments In the Western Con
tinent. The Trappist Monks are the strict
est religious class in the Catholic church.
They lead lives of pennance and prayer
and daily scourge themselves. They main
tain continued silence, and never eat meat
of any kind nor any delicacies or stimu
lants. They sleep on hard boards, with
neither pillows nor mattresses. Their
order Is divided into priests and brothers.
The former wear robes of white serge
and the latter are garbed in coarse brown
cloth, and on their feet they wear shoes
of wood. The chief work of their lives is
to educate and elevate the poor, although
the main object of the order Is pennance
and prayer. ;,-;,-
PORTO RICANS WILL BE
TRAINED FOR PRIESTHOOD
It is the sense of the people from the
city and mountain towns that the 6!<»rra
Railway Company and the West End
Flume ar.d Lumber Company have dis
played great lihprality and enterprise In
the events of the past two day*. W. H.
Crocker. Henry J. Crocker, Lansing Miz
ner. Fred Z»i!e and others of the Pan
Francisco Four Hundred were central fig
ures at the ball to-r.lpht. George W. Pres
cott. A. W. Foster and E. B. Pond were
wall flowers.
Many other visitors are here. At the
banquet to-night one thousand visitors
were the guests of the Sierra Railway
Company and the West Side Flume and
Lumber Company.
The ball to-night In the new Town Hall
¦was attended by 300 dancers and many
ppectators. The Bpacious hall was beau
tifully decorated. The Sonora orchestra
discoursed music. The San Francisco spe
cial Pullman train will leave here for
home at £ a. m. to-morrow.
Oakdale Is represented by E. L. Barkis
and wife. Charles T. Tullock and wife. A.
T. Leach and wife. M. A. Lewis and wife,
Henry Sanders and wife. Major A. Arnold
and wife, Theodore B. Dorsey and daugh
ter, Oscar A. Thrufall and wife. H. W.
Huffh.es and wife. E. A- Schadlich and
wife, Henry Schadlich and wife, Joe H.
Kaon. Kate FlnkensUult, W. J. Hughes.
G. W. Hopper, Mr. Kyle and G. W.
Wright and wife.
Modesto is represented by A. L Cressy,
Charles R. Tilleon, GeorgePerley, J. J.
McMahon and wife. Mrs. W. H. Hatton,
Miss Elva, Miss Davis, Clarence Tucker,
Guy Turner and wife. Matt Walthall. F.
A. Cressy and Al Shoemaker.
Among the Jamestown people present
are Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Potts. Mr. and
Mr?. P. H. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Guild and
Mips Queenie Pott3.
Colgan of the State Board of Equaliza
tion. Colonel George B. Sperry. A. Levin
sky and James Hough and wife of Stock
ton. Among the excursionists from So
nora were: Charles Street and wife. Dr.
and Mrs. Eastman, Dr. and Mrs. Brom
ley, Mr. and Mrs. D. Shine, Mr. and Mrs,
T. A. Hendcr. Mr. and Mrs. B. Ferguson,
Mr. ar.d Mrs. D. Banister, Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Morgan,
J. Ci. Hopper. J. Wilson. T. F. Symons,
Miss Nett Ferguson, Miss Ethel Thomas,
Miss Gussie Symons, Miss Mamie Barry,
Miss May Wilson, Miss Ray Oppenhelmer,
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Thomas. Miss Julia
Kell. Mr. ar.d Mrs. C. H. Burden, Mr. and
Mrs. Ed Doyle. County Clerk J. B. Doyle
and wife. Miss Carrie Burden, Miss A.
Klarich. Mrs. W. E. Burden, Ed Wolf,
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, John L. Tonkins,
Miss Mas-trie Mundorf. M16S May Burke,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Wllzinskl, J. S. Cady, C.
H. McCambridge and wife. Angus Mc-
Alaster and wife, E. L. Rehm and wife,
W. J. Hale and wife, Lansing Mizner.
The g-uests of ihe (.'rockers. Bullocks and
Bliss are: Prince Poniatowski. Prince
Dolgoruki, Count des Carets, General
Biddle. L\ S. A.. S. D. Freshman, assist
ant general manager Sierra Railway: O.
C Haslett, president Truckle Lumber
Company: S. E. Siade, T. Haldea. IL H.
TayJor, TV. C. Murdock. Captain Charles
Nelson, Judpe Cooper, Fred Webster, W.
J. Hotchkiss. A. W. Fester. Irving M.
Scott. E. B. Pond. 8. R. Bicelow. G<K>rge
\V. Present, Judce W. C. Van Fleet, D.
H. Bender. T. Merihan, G. B. Daniels,
Huzh M. Burke. II. B. Hudson. W. B.
Bourne. R. c. Jones, J. C. Walker of Min
neapolis J. J. Mclnt'.re. Gustav
Fredericks. F. A. Marriott. J. F. Bur
irln. F. S. Chadboume, George F. Grant.
•V-orjre TV. Spencer, Dr. Goorge A- Moore,
v,\ H. Martin. H. J. Knovrles, II. F. Gor
don; W. D. Toboy. A. D. Sh^pard. E. H.
Prentice. W. Frank Pierce. J. D. Eby. H.
P. Thrall. G. W. Scott. Fred Zeile. Park
<"oTrmissioner: W. }i. Wilshlre, J. P. Mee
l.an. J. Supsman, P. C. Rossi, "Wallace
Everett, Andrew Carripan. Amonp other
ruc-sts arriving to-dny were: Alex Brown.
T. O. Toland. Lou Brown and Controller
It is not generally known that the sugar
pine forest, the scene of to-day's outing,
is only thirty-rive miles north of the Yo
eemlte Valley. The magnitude of the tim
ber holdings of the West Side Flume and
Lumber Company excites wonder. It is
estimated that the MjOOO acres of dense
pine forest contains i,20(M»00,(K» feet of
lumber. The basin where the company is
now cutting embraces 7j.00u.000 feet. The
grrt-at reserve of big trees is a thousand
Feet higher than the gToves scon to-day.
The company is not cutting more than
1>j0.O0O feet a month.
The railroad extension has proved prof
itable, however, in other lines than lum
ber, and it is certain that the railway will
t* pushed higher up on the flank of the
Surras. •
The special Pullman train of two sleep
ers, dir.er and compartment cars came
through from San Francisco without
other incident than a hot box on the diner.
Crowds were at the depot at Oakdale. So
nera and Jam-stown.
The Journey by rail from Carters to the
forest la a wonderful ride. The scenery
of mountain torrents, deep canyons, lofty
trees and startling' railroad curves and
grade* leave* a lasting Impression on the
irJnd of. the tourist. The great throng
moved from Carters to the forest rode In
open platform cars with rail guards and
se&ts running- lengthwise on the side and
center. The young ladies stayed on the
center planks while the train rounded the
wonderful curves. The train was photo
graphed In positions which would seem
perilous to other than practical railroad
men. Great credit is given to J. W. Bar
rett, superintendent of the mill at Carters,
and J. N. Nash, superintendent of the
logging ctmp, and to Mrs. Nash for hand
ling the throng and bringing all back
safely without a single mithap to mar the
pleasure of the cay. Engineer Jonos was
praJs-ed by the tourists for his skill in
handling the engine. The road is to be
come famous as a. scenic route.
CARTEIlS. May :5.— This has been a
gTeat day in the Sierras and to-nlpht Car
ters is the center of radiance in the moun
tains. Early tills morning a. special train
of Pullman cars from San Francisco ar
rived in Carters. A few hours later trains
cair.e carrying passengers from Stockton,
Modeetd. Sacramento, Sonora, Oakdale.
Jamestown and other points to join In
the festivities incident to the formal open
ing: of the narrow-pauge railway of the
West Side Flume and Lumber Company.
There •was a great fusillade of dynamite
esj-tridge* wh«rii the trains came, echoes
of the explosives reverberating through
the niocntaina. Many of the comers had
In view the pleasures of the banquet and
bail to-nisht in dedication of the new
Town Hail, but fully MOO of the exeur
e!onista made the trip over the narrow
pauge road for fourteen miles and pic
nicked In the sugar pine forest as the
quests of Henry J. Crocker, William H.
Crocker. Prince PoniatowBki. T. 3. Bul
lock. C. T. Bliss and 8. D. Freshman.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Miles of Sugar Pines, the Celebration at
Carters and a Banquet at Night.
Trains Run Over West Side Flume
and Lumber Company's
Road.
Hundreds of Guests Enjoy the Ride Through
FORMAL OPENING OF
NEW SCENIC ROUTE
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY -27, 1900.
17
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
i ladies' Chemises, ,, See our "M" in Tuesday's Call. ¦« Ladies' Bonnets
* !$£&, We show «. thi3 MST'jFtt* r ******* andf fine Hafs.
| /Wfem. Be e iectTo 7 m, B mad*e of J fa
£ ( OJf S&?) SwS*'and ll lta 1 SL 1 5 La8t Fri ? &7 May 25 » 1896 ) The Emporium opened its doors for business. In 1597 there wa3 a change of mtlmi^g. 0T \ m °- M^^Sll
k x^^W surprisingly 1 o w ownership and a oomplete rearrangement of the store and the business system. Daring the pa3t three ported model bon-
J <7/jTi\r| 1 1 prices. Tho Under- years there has been a growth in patronage and popularity that would be creditable to any store after a S?- 3^ hig ? a3
x '((III ill)] muslin Department career of from ten to a dozen years. \ have' h - W9 &*&?%£?
K J\\ ?eUte BhO own3 and That thh success is attributable to our little policy and up-to-date methods of conducting ones as Iow^jS Sft
J. ly -. other necessities for business there can be no doubt. Small profits and many sales, rather than large profits and few sales; ah- $3,00 y^ y
v Li i \ ! adies who are g0 " solutely truthful advertising; no transaction complete until customer is satisfied; money cheerfully re- Tucked Chiffon Hat ,^vL~^
x /flniil K jh a u\ iD e t0 the countr 7 funded; every possible provision for the convenience and comfort of our patrons; constantly studying to ™*l rthZ^n^lf
* «MV LS&nChem- ">*** stopping here p easant and profitable. ¦ <P^^'
I HT SifttiS sale Sample Parasols. A Remarkable JsSSS^i^
| Ladies Lawn Bkirt C*;»faS""*tSk3 At Ahaut Half Regular PrtCO. fRifafo&tto S&ltB* J25.0O. and $35.00, your ch"?ce ,
jp: Bkirt, yoke tucked and lace trimmed From trfmncas most prominent BmSB*MWijaB Monday and during the week.£/5.09
x 75o /v?r^W* ; manufacturer of Parasols— A big special purchase sale on Monday on'y. Miiiinery-seamd Floor.
I SwurLa^^ n h °l ? "^ *%i$§bir Monday only. . 26a 85e .td 60c .«.nk #«ioy M^ ~Z —
I Btyle) with neat, fine embroidery. ...... fW%M p0 advantageously have we purchased ribbona, sty'.fah designs in an as- g$V BOJfS'
I l^lii^^Mi^ ®Si %£$.«JtiS*Lt'£ fw 2-pieceSuits
| withtoer.ionsofemb.-oider^d^. '*W ' 50C tO $7.50 %£?* "fjZ tBO ®2&S2s!Z j®^, «. h d» ft, U
» or duchesse lace in yoke, and bottom Main Aisle \ • • »• A^ \ 7 to lo year3 of age,
5 trimmed with 6- inch edge of duche«se -* '¦ ¦ Ka!n AM *- ' \ . -^ ) aoma dark blue
*£ lace $2.25 C^«^«>» J 9-fr^' r JTrpujn. /l A. / cheviot3 aad many
fc Ladies' Nainsook Skirt Chemise, yoke ex- %&SiB& G2I IT 5311® %HM&W®&ai E£ff%/** tB)8"2E&$<& tf" e <&sY neat oixturea to
ft ¦.-, quisitely trimmed with newest effect r n ~.r* c^7/»c huu far fuh.r* ' i&KJ?** SUJB^&&^ iT, M€MMlUI& &%m*%0 JJ <\ dark color effecta
X of lace and beading, skirt has edge Correct Styles— buy Jortuture Ci H . ( .. 7 , fr>tf\ that won't readily
«f and insertion of lace (game style in Use. Om-quarter OJJ. {SP^h Scme ° f tblS season s P^etttest — (MoniaV onlv. UJV \ \ 8 how dirt or dust,
S N^fK^Tt 0^-^;^?"^ Monday and during the entire zf All-wool Plaids in a particularly attractive assortment, almost JkSvM. «» «t and mada
K Z JftrZ Ji V ? n u° ' •J r ? gl ? «* to fltil1 fnrt^ er FVtoto our \ j7 every 8tyliah comb P ination in the different shades of gray, '• i f W Jt *
J steel front, extra full wide cut bust, handsomely appointed and heavily aJ-V. brow^ t an. castor, etc.; homoepun and camel's 3^4$ ™ ] be worth «??-
g made of fine imported sateen in bUck etocked new Glove Department in &tL^/&$ hn^n of foots. If you need a serviceable Outing Skirt \WJ) I«ly at leaat $2.oO,
I e on 'y- an « traval «at ~..$3mOO the rotunda, we place on sale our f^ZhJ^ or Dresaes for the children, this Is an opportunity that \g££ w ? 8ha11 8eU
» Sccond Floor * entire line of Ladies 8 to 24 button m^^M\\>^ probably cannot be repeated. 8pecial price Mo n- 9O^ \ Sil 95
§ Glores-all styles, in black, white W&MlP^fl) day only, per yard 38C for VI'VO
5 g-*s m n and opera shades — at one* " ZM?-Jr
LrlUa BBgSm quarto i* off regular -Jp^$! Foiif* New Books
I mmi SSS iHSiP W No-MatahGasUgMer %JSSJS^±
•^ M^ "c t^C J Si>J^Wk\ C0Tered "t**l f}-%9 g , loves »o Crt i «« oo 5OO at half price to introduce. famous author of *A Gentleman from
fc &tS^^^3§Wy frame, Enzlish $1.7o gloves. $1 32 $2.50 Rloves $1*88 ., , « Prance"; the time of the story is 1742;
f XTOg^fca*8.Z?<gft < S^ handle double $1.85 gloves $1.39 ?3.00 gloves $2.25 m By special arrangement with the Padflc Coast it j 3 one of Weyman's best; publisher's
» hasp brass lock $2.00 gloves $1*50 $3.25 gloves $2.4-4- yr agent of AdamV wonderful invention, the price $1.50, our price. ... $1.18
g full leather lined, pocket and patent * 2 _25 gloves $^60 ?4.00 gloves S3.QO L^ "No-Match Gas Lighter "we will place 500 i' PhU it> WInwood"-by Robert
% stays, with polished brass side catches, <-, - "~^^ *% '2 - Si of them on special sale at the remarkably low NeUson StephSaT " stirring romance
Z lC-in.$3.00 13-in.$4.00 16-in.$4.75 , x. t n 1 • u -orj , /BrH ** *-•***> 3C',000 ordered before date of nnblica-
§ ll-in.S3.5O 14-in.$4.25 17-in.$5.00 The seOSOTl S test Lurt.itfl bargain— cMonday Only. Y/ljh This is not a complicated invention; you sim- tion; publisher's price $1.50, our price
X 12-in.$3.75 15-in.$4.50 18-in.S3.5O Only 100 pairs of these beautiful . Lace Curtains, including (jfatf//, $ ly tak ' °$ ihe old gas lurntr, put this on in '...$1.2O
j Trunk Department— Main Floor. soma of our choicest patterns, in Imitation Brussels, Arabian, 'yE^&/^ its place, turn on th? gat and tt lights. There "Robort Taurnav s *—hv Wil
g Irish Points, linen effects and Battenbergs ; white or ecru ffl5gS§§L {" S^jS^WSf? gas only Ham Sage, a storv on the style of Dick-
| Summer Hosiery &&&&X£&£ZX3S > >™£ W^ X^££J Z.fZ £f>
g Hermsdorf black, high spliced heels! FaSiCV ShiftSm US*Ua SUHarieSm ifflaSOn JarSm historical events; publisher's price
I b^orunbleach 1 ' Another large shipment of men's Fancy Listerine, small sixe.. 2Uo Jeity GlSSSCS. i^Zn^'w^'?
k DiacK orunmeacn- Rhirfc hX+ fist nrriv^ fnm N«w Strawberry Cold Cream, jar 25o mi •• "* "T no Son Of tho Wolf" — by
g -»ta«^/Xgffl\\ Yokuh;%eLdeTLXa!e,ta LamberfAntisepUo 8k^n Soap, box big Jack London; these ar, .hort .tori.^
6 /f5O \ C ?•«/ J \ .11 the new strips and fimired effects 4°° Storesell3 i^^^f tales of the far North, equally as in-
I L I \ e i!7Z ted t\$t3ky li&™*£f~^H^ZSo!l Cucumber and Witch Hazel Cream 6-oz. Mason Fruit {W) teresting as Kipling's Indian Tales;
*" R'cheltu! Rem-tl*^l\ ' are fast, there are both stiff bosom and bottle-... 25o Jars _ - pub.ishers price $1.50, our pnee
£ b-ndt a™" r W'' :< % the favorite FOft bosom GM 'J hhti ' 4o°; ma ' oi ' ink «»ts f eoo do, Tf |J -.tuts
t niffi « v l«i?If IWl, with cuffs to match, each $1.QO n * oz r-~\"". V 5 °° Quarts, 70o doz
I £2* fJSVj; Em% T.lr.Xls^Hl^torKntrance. V^^, Wm^M BOys'ShOeS.
5 Hermsdorf black. S^^(^\ Portsmouth Smelling Salts 20o v'? 5O^? l '0//B IF/. Hereisaspec- __
g 3 pairs for $1.00, (^^$\ SuttlStiGi* PspsHli^ Kent's Rum and Qainina Hair Tonic, 8-oz. est Quality lally low price tC^3
Ladies' Extracted I^L. Now in order. Perhaps it worries you to Dairy MaVd'c^mpiexionSoapVbox 3 cakes. lers smooth-finish toD3 Can be Lac^Shoe^for \\ «M
* Polka Dot Lisle know just what^paper to put on. We are J v ? So iera » 5 ™° ot n nnisn top 3. tan Do boys, kangaroo / A-
J thread Hose, black makini? a display of £ pnng beauties, ~ 11_^UL' u used for water tumblers. elf or Tic! kid. ¦ (7 •' |75^
2- ground with white dots. 8 pairs $1.00, comprising all that is new. novel and Meii'S Sillf &OVS* £j;{ tl °5? Ter8 ' do " n *°° new English B^V \^l
X Binzlepair. . .~ 33o artistic, many exclusive designs, rich in n \*Z. - c -T - Without the covers, dozen 35o toes and ti D a. ¥i t'^-^^w
*C Ladies' Imported Lace "Lisle" Hose, 16 coloring, beautiful in pattern, yet bo in- Battling &UlZSm tCO Groam Sots— Crystal Berry sprineheelt i^^=C /^>
2' different effects, pair 5Qo expensive as to be within the reach of wr . u th 1 or Ice Cream Set, clover-leaf shape, 8- jj^g f 0 j ace >¦ "^
}f Children's 1 x 1 ribbed imported black de . st . P arBes ' .... _ ._. . kinda and qualities mch Berry Dish and 6 small dishe^ neat and servic'eable, slze 9 9 to 13J. per
h cotton Hose, Hermsdorf dye, doub'e Special heayy Gilt Papers, suitable for tha t most men want, VY W^^^d'^i rSff 8 pair only ™.J$iJo
I pa£. h !:!i^.i°:^. 8 .r. 5 %5% ?Pi^s™ii^foo a f t ?r e is s t n\ %*£ wB5S^sss First *»**»»¦ ot Entra -
5 Children's fast biack lace Lisle Hose, 3 Fine heavy Gilt Wall Paper, suitable for the qualities and I /S) Thin-blown Crystal Wa tor Tunth-
X handsome designs, sizes 5 to 9, pair... parlor and halls, stylish designs and nricp , to make it J) J/S 'OfS, set otG 24o GnOtf G ffSf* am/ao
X ' 25o colorings, regularly 20c per roll, to- profitable to buy // &\ Crockery Department-Main Floor. 1XVUU **rBGerJB&
Jf Children's extracted polka dot Lisle Hose, • morrow and during the week, per roll.. LirBathine Suit JA /»«^«««i»J^~^-.-^ anflLiqUOrSm
X black or tan ground with white dots! ' 12 ±° here t^fTr UamBraS and Little PflCGS
f|pSipi°3 -gjrysagw K*5.t«5i l «sr.«riat
J. YpSllamt Underwear, completely ™ Vail line of"popuYa7'sha Ael of in Mens Swimmin g l!A^ Vr- retail stock in the West for Premog, day. 50-lb sacks 7 So
X assorted Stocks in a a weights and grain, with matched friezes and color- / £ Unks ' h 2%\ f°T' Ma ,?«ine 3 , Cyclones and Kodaks. Aprloots -Fancy Evaporatad. per
E Qualities incs . 7oc $f.OO ' 3/- Send or call for catalogue. Our business pound too
V low neck, no sleeves, black and colon. for bath rooms and kitchens. ?5c s1Ql} -^^ p|atino> Dekko> Sep .^ Sq]{ Lennox Soap-Proctor and Gain-
5* t j*"T; T'S"m""r 91.UO Men's 2-piece Bathing Suits, $1.50. $2.00, and French Satin Junior does not have bla'a Fiae Laundry Soap. Monday.
» Ladies Imported French cotton Vests, FlniSCr PUI*SeSm $ 2 - 50 • -$3*OO time to get stale. 10 bars for 25o
tf wWt; wtv hi a I I? r-u*9WS9. Third Aisle-Right of Entrance. ; Kovona Gamoras-Elgh grade. SartflflOS-Anzone Brand, in pcre
gi^^a&MSS f^% \t5rt3 Stationery. t^t^J^'J.X S^^^^S
g blue .......... 75p llf| JJJ ,V,,l shown m picture or commercial size, 90 to 100 sheets to Eiko Cum Hydro, a good developer. 8 Elaok Figs— New California* cro O .
»; Ladies Swigs ribbed unshrinkable cash- U Cr* II J ¦« genuine Seal the pound, per pound 25o ounces * 30o Monday. 2 lbs for. So
% mere Vests and Pants, medium weight, \^ J/f or Morocco..^.. Square-shaped Envelopes to match above. Eureka Combined Toning Solution. 8 Raisins -Thompson's Sultana^! lbs 1
* Vests high neck, long sleeves, pants g ; >feasjSSJ% 75o box of 125 for 35o ounces * 2 5o for 7?..25o
* full length with French yoke bands, Sterling Initials tar _ finger purser ac- Playing Cards - Fine qna.ity Vedek. an ideal developer for Velox or OHeoso-Full Cream California. X
fc colors natural or white, per garment _cordmg to Bize...25C, 35c, SOo Enameled Back, photograph of the Dekko. 8 ounces !.... 3Qq . . -§2o
X T •::••;";••" •Vu'VV"V" i r'"? /^° Chateiafne Bags-Good Grain Emporium on each care , equal to any Eureka Fixing Bath, for Velox"or Dekko, GoffOG— Fancy Golden'Rufe'liend....
g La | ie f Jer8 «y "bb€d Lisle thread Union Leather........... "•••••.••• GOo 35c pack of cards madei per pack../5o box...; 2O0 lb, 3Oc; 8} lbs for S1.OO
j. Suits, long and short sleeves, and low Ladies Combination Card Case and Fountain Pon-The Eagle mike, Recrystallized Sulphite of Soda, lb..20o Sapolio-Monday, per clke..6o
* t neck and I short sleeves, either buttoned Pocket Book, genuine alligator, leath- guaranteed solid gold point, each All kinds of photographic chemicals at ©GOOa-Stollworcke'a T Heart Cocoa.
* across shoulder or down front, colors er lined 75o M = $1.OO lowest prices. Ub tins 25a
% ecru or white, suit SOo Leather Department— Rotunda. First Floor— Rear. Second Floor. Granoso FiaStOS— Made**bv St.
K^^iJ^^^f^^^^ ~ ~- 7" Helena Health Food Company, pack-
f^ vesis ana pants, natural color, finished f>* » .. fHf^yns S^S \y^ * Pya 1 *^ WJWJ CTJl /-vj W5^^k H!^ [S^y ffl tJJl B^S gn w . a^^ .... ..... ........ 15c
I Size 18,^22 24^23 30^34 CrOijUGt | M WW^i Kamthock, \^C?^SiSii. l SS?
I Children^eilineffStoncoSSa- S ® # ' ¦ 1 IP^ .^^^ 75 C . O^^jE?EE^s£
g Second Aisle-Left of Entrance. Sverel box. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE with ipreader Main PW-Rea7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SIMPLEST CURE FOR IN-
DIGESTION,
As Well bs the Safest and Cheapest.
The new medical discovery, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, digest the food instead
of maklr.g t!;e worn out stomach do all
the work. Rive It a much needed rest, and
a cure of dyppppsla Is the natural result-
You prt nourishment and rest at the
came time because these Tablets will
thoroughly digest all wholesome food
taken into the stomach, whether the stom-
ach works or not. A cure is certain to
result because the digestive organs are
given a chance to rest and recover their
natural vigor and tme. The Tablets ere
then no longer required.
To Fhow the manner in which the rem-
edy acts on different people ar.d how
«julek!y and effectually it cures stomach
troubles we present a few recent cases.
Mr. J. O. Wor.dly of Peoria. 111., writes:
I was unable to eat anything but the
plainest food, and even that often dis-
treFP^rJ me. but since using one box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets I can eat any-
th'.rg zni everything I want.
Mrs. Samuel Kepple of Girty, pa.,
writes; I have been entirely relieved of
my stomach troubles by your Tablets. 1
snfTered three years with sour stomach
und cas at night. I am thankful for them.
Mrs. A. E. Bowen. Barnard, Vt., writes:
I thir.k Btuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
best thing fer dyspepsia I ever took. 1
will recommend them to any one troubled
es bad as I was.
Ptuart> Dyspepsia Tablets will not «51s-
eppoint because they cure dyspepsia sure-
ly and lastingly by causing the food to be
properly assimilated, and cure const'pa-
t!on by producing the proper quantity of
V!le, and eold by all druggists at 50 cents
per package.
The Holdfast Clip
For Eyeglasses.
It 1s th* only noe^ piece that fo1v»!8 the prob-
lem of r&fy. firai adjustment, with simplicity
B.ri'i tjfa?rie*s of comstructlon.
Oculists' prescript iont CUe<S. Factory on
preir.iye*. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 11
OPTICIANS4 HOI >^~».
642 Market 5t. instruments
ufot» cHPOMitu bimo:k&. Catalogue Free.
KADWAPS B11A.OV KELlliJ/ haa .t,,^
i i.riiiH! before the public for £0 years as a
1'adn Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cure* all Colfii, Sure Throat*. Influenza. Bron-
chlti*. Pneumonia. Ilheumatlsm. Neuralgia.
lit&4a.che. Toothache and all pains. Internally
Xcr Miltrla and all Bowel Falsa. All druegri#t». .When Senator Spooncr challenged Senators Allen
and Pettigrew to say what the Populist party would
do four years from now they were silent, and yet it
would have been a safe prediction to say the party
would be doing just what it is now — howling calamity
and nominating Bryan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRIVATE ASYLUMS-E. M. N.. City.
This department cannot advertise "the
addresses and charges of private asylums
for the insane in and around San Fran
cisco."
MINING LAWS— E. H.. City. For In
formation about. \ari0u3 pamphlets relat
ing to mining laws apply at the library
of the State Mining bureau in the ferry
building.
NOT AN ADVERTISING BUREAU-
W. W. G., Williams. Cal. This depart
ment is not an advertising bureau for
the purpose of finding situations for in
dividuals.
A QUARTZ DISCOVERY-M. B., Hop
land, Cal. The discovery of quartz crop
pings must bo sunk on unoccupied public
land. It must be outside of the lines of
any patented or even of. any valid loca
tion.
DIVORCE AND MARRIAGE—Sub
scriber. Alameda. Cal. This department
has on several occasions announced that
if a person is divorced in one State, goes
to another State and there is married, and
the marriage is valid in the State in
which performed, that such marriage i3
recognized as valid in the State from
which the party went in order to get mar
ried.
FIRST PAPERS— T. F., Occidental. Cal.
If you obtained your first papers in Gal
veston, Tex., and they were destroyed by
fire there is no course for you to follow
but to make application to the court thai,
issued them for a duplicate copy. paylnK
the fee that may be demanded. If, as you
say, you have done so, but have not re
ceived a reply, communicate with a no
tary of that city and he will procure the
duplicate for you, charging you, of
course, a fee for nls services.
A QUESTION OF LAW— Constant
Reader, City. What rights an individual'
who has rented premises which were left
In an unsanitary condition has against
the landlord, agent or executor of an-es
tate Is one that depends very much upon
the facts. Upon a statement of the facts
a reputable attorney will advise you. This
ARMr INTELLIGENCE.
Leave of absence for four months has
been granted to James M. Williams. Sev
enth Artillery, on his relief from duty at
the military academy.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William Rob
erts has been ordered to proceed from
Washington to Tampa, where he will re
port by telegraph to the adjutant general
for orders. After the completion of his
duties at Tampa he will proceed to
Havana, where he will report to the com
manding general for assignment to duty
in the division of Cuba.
First Lieutenant Clarence C. Williams,
ordnance department, has been ordered to
take charge of certain Inspections to be
made of smokeless powder In the course
of manufacture at the powder works .it
Pompton Lakes, New Jersey, and at South
Amboy, N. J.
Captain Edward' C. McDowell, assistant
quartermaster. United States Volunteers,
has been relieved from duty as quarter
master and commissary of the transport
Terry and has been ordered to the trans
port Rawlins in a similar capacity. He
will proceed to Philadelphia to take tem
porary station and superintend the repairs
to be made there upon the Rawlins. ,
Leave of absence for two months on ac
count of sickness has been granted to
First Lieutenant John K. Cree, Sixth Ar
tillery.
Leave of absence for three months has
been granted to Second Lieutenant Hay
wood Kobblns, Fifteenth Infantry, on ac
count of sickness.
A board of officers, to consist of Major
Samuel R. Jones, quar.terma.ster; Captain
"William R. Hamilton.' Seventh Artillery,
and First lieutenant William J. Snow,
Seventh Artillery, has been appointed to
meet at Fort Schuyler, N. Y., to investi
gate and report upon the acquisition of
land necessary for barracks and officers'
quarters at that post.
Another leave of absence *for. three
months, upon a surgeon's certificate of
disability, has been granted to Captain
Edward R. Bolton, Sixteenth Infantry.
First Lieutenant Frederick C. Gignoux.
Eleventh Cavalry, has had another month
added to his lea-'e on surgeon's certificate.
One month has been added to his leave,
on surgeon's certificate, to Captain James
B. Erwin, adjutant Fourth Cavalry.
First Lieutenant Asa F. Fisk, Thirty
fifth Infantry, has been transferred from
Company K to Company F, takinp the
place of First Lieutenant Gordon N. Kim
ball, who was transferred to Company K.
The leave of absence granted First Lieu
tenant Robert M. Brookfleld, Eleventh
Cavalry, has been extended two months
and ten days, and Lieutenant Brookfleld
has been granted permission to go beyond
the seas.
A month has been added to the leave of
1 , Second Lieutenant Charles 8. . Halght,
Highway robber (who ha3 received from
his victim a counterfeit thaler) — See here,
you! I'm not obliped to take a coin Iik9
that!— Unsere Gesellschaft.
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 26.— S. H. Westfal! of
Redlands Is at the Plaza: Ben McPherson,
Arthur Peyton and J. M. Gamble of San
Francisco are at the Hoffman; F. T. Hoyt
of San Francisco is at the Gilsey.
Republican Delegates Choose Their
Route.
The California delegates to the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have an
nounced as the official route the Central Pa
cific. Union Paclflo and Chicago and Xorth
tri stem railways, and will leave San Fran
cisco June 12 at 10 a. m. on the "Overland
Limited." the OH-hour flyer to Chicago. Tha
round-trip rate of JSS 50 Is open to all. D. W.
Hitchcock, General Agent. Union Pacific, 1
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Jones — What makes our elevator man so
lordly?
Brown— Oh, he's Just training to be a
janitor.— Detroit Free Press.
Spec'al Information supplied dally t<»
business houses and public men by th-»
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's). 51D liont
gomery street Telepnone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
lb.. in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets.
Palace Hotel. 633 Market street. •
AN flNTI-SHEEP LfiW.
' I 'HE complete destruction of the fine grazing
I lands of Arizona and Southern Utah has caused'
* the driving of countless thousands of sheep into
Idaho and Wyoming, to help eat out the ranges
there which were already carrying more sheep than
they ought. Still, as long as the ranges are common
the starved flocks of Arizona and Utah have as much
right to them as any others. Wyoming has met the
invasion on the border with sanitary quarantine in
front and Winchesters in the background. It is un
derstood that if the quarantine officers don't find
scab on the sheep they will soon find holes in the
shepherds. In Idaho an old law has been found pro
hibiting the grazing of sheep within two miles of a
residence unless they belong to the owner thereof.
Under this law an invading shepherd has been ar
rested, and the courts will be called on to decide
whether it is a constitutional means of abridging the
free range of the commons on the public- domain.
Of course it will be found unconstitutional. If the
range is free, nothing can abridge its use by all
stockmen, and the settler must submit to have the
grass gnawed clear to his fences, and his own stock
starved. ' He may theo think that he is thinking
enough to see that his salvation depends not upon
unconstitutional laws of his own State, nor upon the
mouthing of politicians, but upon a Federal law to
end the free range by leasing it, and protecting his
right to a leasehold of the range that abuts on his
land.
The famine-smitten sheep of Utah are doing mis
sionary work. We desire to speed thorn on their de
structive way. They find a meadow in front of them
and leave a desert behind them, but nothing else will
teach some men that free range means no range and
a speedy end of the grazing business.
Delicious Roman caramels at Townsend's*
PRETTY INDOOR DRESS
The dress represented In the Illustration
Is of white muslin printed with pink flow
ers. The yoke, shoulders, wrists and the
bottom of the skirt are of string colored
guipure. The waistband is of pink satin.
Palace cream taffy at Townsend'3. •
Splendid alacuma at Townsend's. •
New peanut eripp* at Townsend'a. •
Nathan Falk, a merchant of Boise,
Idaho, is at the Lick.
I. Cullberp, a merchant of Arcata, Is at
the Lick with his wife.
C. E. Pearsall, a business man of Eu
reka, and wife, are at the Palace.
Captain A. E. Graves, a London club
man. Is registered at the Palace.
G. Alvarez, a leading business man of
Guaymas. Mexico, Is at the Occidental.
W. E. Travis, a Star route contractoi
cf Salt Lake, arrived yesterday at the
Palace.
A. S. Calkins, a newspaper man of Ne
vada City, and his wife, are guests at the
Occidental.
H. C. Rothe and W. A. "Wasslngrall. mer
chants of Lakeview, Or., are at the Lick.
In the recent fire that swept away the en
tire business portion of the town of Lake
view they lost all their goods and have
corne down here to secure new stock.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, accom
panied by their niece. Miss Annie Brem
mer, and Mr. Spreckels' secretary, Mr.
Seegrer, left last night on their special car
for New York. They will go to Europe,
spending a few months at the Paris Ex
position, returning to San Francisco In
about eight months.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Fourth Cavalry. A month has been added
to the leave granted Captain Benjamin M.
Kochler, Thirty-seventh Infantry.
department Is always ready to state any
law about which Inquiry may be made,
but It will not advise correspondents what
right they have under the law.
CONGRESSIONAL COURTESY.
THE interesting information comes from Wash
ington that the House has passed a bill appro
priating something over $200,000 to pay Con
federate oncers and soldiers for horses taken from
them when Lee surrendered at Appomattox. The bill
is said to have been passed as a courtesy to its author,
Mr. Cox of Tennessee, who is about to retire after
ten years' service. The country is grateiul to Mr.
Cox that he did not introduce a bill to pay the Con
federate debt, for with the courtesy of the House on
tap :t might have passed. His moderation equaled
that of Robert, Lord Clive, and we are glad that he
stopped at Confederate "critters" and did not take in
cotton bonds and the "bluebacks."
The reason given for the bill is that these horses
were taken in violation of Lee's terms of surrender to
Grar.t. It is strange that Grant, who was on the
ground, was not informed that his terms were not
being observed by those under his command. It 15
strange, also, that this incident does not figure in the
many Confederate complaints that have been pub
lished since the war. In these no opportunity to gird
the Yankees has been omitted, and as under the terms
given Lee by Grant the taking of horses was plain
horse-stealing it is not reasonable to suppose that
such an excellent chance to pillory "the Yankee
thieves" would have gone unimproved.
It is among the curiosities of war and peace that the
first the people know of this horse-stealing is the
thrusting of the hand of Congress into their pockets
to pay for it nearly forty years after it happened! It
is probable that some horses were abandoned by Lee's
men, or that in the confusion of transition from battle
to surrender, from war to peace, some were lost,
but it is incredible that Grant's ¦officers, aware of the
turns of surrender, for they were proclaimed to both
armies, immediately quit fighting and went to steal
ing horses. In its delightful spasm of courtesy the
House does not seem to have suffered itself to con
sider that while it put a garland on the hat of Judge
Cox it put a stain on every officer and soldier of
Grant's army.
To the people of California the incident has a pecu
liar interest. This, like all the Union States, had to
come to the rescue of the Federal Government in
1861-62. The Federal treasury was empty and the
Federal credit low in those days. State credit was
better, and Congress celled on the States to equip
troops 2nd spend mor.ey and use their credit in behalf
of the Ur.ion. This they did. Their response to the
call was instant and generous. That response saved
the Union, for it enlarged at once the military ener
gies of the people, which otherwise would have
waited for inspiration from the exhausted fountain of
Federal authority. Under that call California spent
over three millions of dollars for the Federal Govern
inent and thereby saved to the United States .over
thirty millions of dollars, since it would have cost that
much to have srpplied from the eastern side of the
continent the defensive measures which we equipped
from here. Not only the pledge but the law of the
land required the repayment of this money to Cali
fornia. It has been repnid to every other State in the
Union but this. A commission of the War Dcpart
....
ment. committees of both houses, officers of the
treasury, have concurred in reporting that it is due
the State and should be paid, but it is not paid. Per
haps it would be a good thing to have the bill for its
paj'mer.t introduced by some ex-Confederate who is
about to retire from Congress, when it would prob
ably be passed as a courtesy!
There is nothing vague about this claim. It was
not delayed until nearly forty years after the war
ended. In the way pointed out and required by the
act of Congress which invited the expenditure the
agents of the State h3\e documented and proved
every penny of the expenditure. This was done as
long ago as the administration of Governor Booth.
Yet not a dollar of it has been paid, and the State still
waits for Congress to do justice and treat California
as the other States were treated.
This is the reason that Californians feel a peculiar
interest in the bill to pa}* Lee's "critter soldiers" for
horses alleged to have been etolcn by Grant's men
nearly forty years ago.
And p*«t our nouls thy stars I'.ke ashes faTt,
Bant wilt ihou punish us whv-, cannot part .
Can you imagine such a play, "commfs
slonod for production" at the Knicker
bocker Theater. New York, and dedicated,
let us say. to Messrs. Klaw and Erianger?
The vast difference between the results
attained by Messrs. Klaw and Erlanger
and those "attained by George Alexander
la not surprisng when we remember that
the former are in the theatrical business
purely for the dollars that are to be made,
while the latter la In it because he la.
primarily, an artist. "By their fruits y©
shall know them." For my part i prefer
the glory of "Paolo and Francesca" to the
giory of 20 per cent.
In the April Cosmopolitan Miss May Ir
win has failed to conceal behind a veil
of Irwlnesque English seme sensible ideas
about the business of the stage aa a ca
reer. Her chief thought, exemplified in
her practice, is that "after the player is
(has become) an accepted entertainer and
Instructor of the public," he Is bound to
become his own ma nagor— bound to. that
Is. If he is to attain any permanent em
inence in his profession. The history of the
stage, both In France and in England,
bears out this contention. Who ar* the
great men among the English actors?
Garrlck. Kean. Macready. Irving. Every
one of these has been his own manager
save Kean. and he was the slave of
drink. Whv did Coquelin break away from
the Comedle Francaise? Because he was
too original, too forceful, to he controlled
by any man but himself. He felt, as every
man of power must ferl. that if he were
ever to bring out the best that was la
him he must work out his own destiny.
This our men of power can never do so
long as they are content to be "presented"
by enterprlsng speculators. Small Wam«*
to the speculator: but how about the self
respect of the artist?
Nothing less urgent than a demand from
Mrs. Pinero for immediate pin money, or
perhaps a whimsical desire to fool the
public to the top of its bent, could have
justified Mr. Pinero in putting his nanw
to the rubbish which makes up two-thirds
of "The Amazons." If hj? Is regardless of
his literary reputation It may not unjustly
be contended that the critics need not
worry themselves -about It. True, yet
surely it is a pity to see a man who could
create the characters of Paula Tanqueray
and the Duke of St. Olpherts satisfied to
split the ears of the groundlings by mak
ing fat men crawl through thin holes in
hedges and thin men bark their shins by
tumbling over horizontal bars. To call a
play a farcical romance does not make it
any the less a farce, and except for an
occasional clever touch In the atavistic re
membrances of Tweenwayes "The Ama
znns" Is just as much a farce as anything
of the De Souchet school.
The night I saw the play at the Califor
nia Miss Chapman made little effort to
carry her part with spirit, and considering
the "nature of that part one can hardly
blame her. Mr. Howard as Tweenwayes
easily carried off the honors, Mr. Neill'3
Herculean shoulders and deep organ-tone
voice quite unfitting him for such a very
light play. It yeems to me he would make
an ideal Captain Swift. Those who praise
him for his imitations of other actors do
him poor service. No man accomplishes
anything really good— not to say great —
by"being anything but himself.
"Considering the small price charged Mr.
Neill has been giving good performances
of fairly good plays. But h!s company
sterns overworked and tlrei out, and while
we shall be sorry to lose them I, for my
part, am glad to believe that they are go
ing to enjoy a well earned rest.
LDU PONT SYLE.
f~y* R- ARCHER tells us that some
III seven or eight years ago Mr.
I I I Ptnero was asked to mention some
I I "coming dramatist In whose fu
,-" ture he had faith." He picked out
Haddon Chambers. Thanks also to
the Indefatigable Archer, we can follow
Mr. Chambers and mark his advance from
the garish days of "Captain Swift" to the
more subdued and pleasanter lights of
"The Tyranny of Tears."
"Cantain Swift" is a melodrama pure
and simple; none the less a melodrama
because its scenes are laid in what Is sup
posed to be good society. The success of
that play was both fortunate and unfor
tunate for the author— fortunate in that
It brought him bread, butter and reputa
tion; unfortunate in that the said reputa
tion was of a kind highly undesirable for
a man who wanted to be something more
than a dramatic hack. But melodrama
made Mr. Chambers, and to melodrama
he was therefore enslaved for years. "The
Fatal Card" Is as full of harrowing sen
sationalism as a prize fight is full of
blows, and is padded with a comic "re
lief (poor word!) that is beneath con
tempt. "John-A-Dreams" shows an effort
to do something more artistic than to
strike off another chromo-lithograph at
the Adelphl Theater press; but you cannot
outline on zinc for years without injuring
that delicacy of touch required for tine
work on canvas. "John-A-Dreams," which
starts well as a character play, degener
ates into a mere series of "ieads-up" to a
melodramatic situation that Is worth
nothing when you get it. "Boy3 Together"
is a blood-curdler of the blood-curdlers,
wherein the hero skewers one of the vil
lain's hands to the table with a knife "in
order to torture him into signing with his
other hand a confession of his villainies."
In this incident, worthy of that "sancti
fied" king to whom the good bishops ded
icated their Bible, Mr. Chambers seemed
to have exhausted the possibilities of tho
horrible, for in his next play, "In the Days
of the Duke." a faVly fought duel was
the strongest thrill-producer he allowed
himself. Bushels of Adelphi sixpences
and shillings must by this time have made
Mr. Chambers independent of the London
caddies, for In "The Tyranny of Tears"
he has deliberately turned his back upon
them, and eschewing all sensational de
vices has made a direct appeal to intelli
gent people. Wonderfully successful is
this for a first appeal, when you consider
the kind of hack work the poor man has
been doing for the last ten years, and all
who love the stage must welcome this j.d
dition to the little band of playwrights,
numbering now some half-dozen, who fur
nish food for thought to the English
speaking world.
It is announced that Bernhardt and Co
quelin will descend upon our benighted
shores next November lor a farewell tour.
The plays are to be: (i
For Sarah — "I.'Aiglon." "Camille."
"Hamlet" and "La Tosca."
For Coouelln— "Cyrano de Bergerac
and "Tartuffe."
If Coquelin would only come alone, how
much pleasanter It would be! For the
Duke of Reichstadt was a weakling about
whem it is impossible to make a strong
play "La Tosca" is a vile glorification of
the most brutal realism, and as for
"Hamlet"— there should be propriety in
all things. On the 22d of next October
Grandmamma Sarah will reach the re
spectable age of r.fi. Hamlet. I think,
would have had difficulty in looking that
age, and in spite of Mr. Donnelly I cannot
believe that he was written by Bacon or
that he was a woman.
Since Mr. Mansfield has grown rich
(and lazy), thanks to "Cyrano de Berge
rac." there seems to be not one manager
and bet one actor in the United States
with brains, courage and mor.ey enough
to take a little risk for the sake of orig
inal art. Ready-made pieces from Lon
don and adaptations of French farces
seem entirely satisfactory to the syndi
cate that controls our theatrical market.
As to the managers of the stock compa.
nies, from whom one might have hoped
for something better, they shrink from
the very mention of a new play as a cat
does from water.
The actor-manager system, with all ita
faults, is better than the system which
has reduced the American drama to its
present state of cadaveric rigidity. The
former system, while It too often pro
duces plays made to fit some particular
actor, does produce something original:
we produce practically nothing. There la
inducement for men of ability In our
country to become journalists and novel
ists, so journalism and n< vel writins
flourish: there is no indue ment for a
man who can make five dollars a day In
any other profession to turn playwright,
so we have almost no drama. And as Mr.
Meltzer recently pointed out. the few
playwrights we have-Mr. Thomas. Mr.
Carlton. Mr. Fitch— have made no ad
vance during the last few years; he might
have added that Mr. Fitch has even gone
back.
Men write plays primarily because they
are born with an Instinct to express them
selves In dramatic form; the demand "or
their product cannot create the instinct,
but the instinct will not find expression,
or will find but scant expression, unless
there exists encouragement in the shape
of demand. In London this demand is
actively personified in a dozen actor-man
ftgera of independence and ability, such
as Sir Henry rrvins. George Alexander,
Mr. Tree. Mr. Kendal. Mr. Wyndham a'nd
Forbes Robertson. Without such men
Mr. Pinero would to-day be a second rate
actor, Henry Arthur Jones would be em
bopged in the sloughs of melodrama, Mr
Grundy would be merely a French farce
adapter. Mr. Carton a paragrapher and
Mr. Chambers— I think he came from
Australia, so he would probably bo writ
ing advertisements for the Greater-Aus
tralia -Refrigerated - Beef - and - Mutton-
Shipping- Association.
Conditions in the United States to-day
are such that the actor-manager systf-m
is impossible exrept in local stock compa
nies. But thire are signs r: a breakup
In the once omnipotent syndicate, and if
that takes place such men as -John Drew.
Henry Miller and E. H. Sothern -the peers
of the best among the London actor-man
agers—may be free to develop their own
careers. Competition among them will
cnate a healthy demand for r.atlvo work,
end It is more than probable that the
supply will be forthcoming.
"Paolo and Frajicesca." bv Stephen
Phillips, is the finest dramatic poem writ
ten In England since the death of Brown
ing. It is dedicated to George Alexander
an.I contains also this significant an
nouncement: "This play was commis
sioned by George Alexander and accepted
for production at the St. James Theater."
That seems to me a tolerably good result
of actor-managership. Can you imagine a
poem with a nassage like this:
O God. thou seest thy creatures bound
Tocether by that law which hold? the stars
fn palpitating cosmic passion brtcht;
By which the very sun enthrals th» earth
Arnl all the waves of the world faint to the
moon.
Still, still tojether, even when faints thy
sun
g-frg -i^H^ giOJU
SUNDAY MAY 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPRlCKELS. Proprietor.
;dd ess AH Com-r.unlca ions to W. S. LEAKS. Manager.
I'l BLICATIOM OITICE..MnrUft rm«1 Third, S. K.
Telci)h«nr Ulntn 1S0K.
CUITORIAL ItOO'tS. . . .217 to 221 S«*Ten»o» St.
Trlepbonc Mnla 1874.
UcUv«rrd by farrier", IB Ont« Per Week.
Mniclr t'opie*, 5 Cents.
Ternt by Mall. lncluJinor PoBtnset
PAII>T CA.L.L. (Including Eurd«y). due y*r tt-W
1a:U CALL <lnclud".r.s Sunday). • months * 00
UAILT CALL (iaclua:r.r Sur.Cay). t months l.»«
DAtLY CALL-P.y StacM Month
PTNUAT CALL On* Y*ar J-JJ
WEEKLY CALL One Tear lw
All poitmanteri «*r«> iinthvrltcd to receive
• ¦lxorlplloni.
(¦».T.;le ocpte* will b« farwcrtfad when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111« nrondway
C GtORGf- KROGNES5.
Mtna^er Fo-e gi Advertising, l/arquette Building. Chicago.
(Urn* Distance Te'.crn -•:><• "Cectri.: 2«11.")
NKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAR^TGN Heraii Sq<jar»
NEW TOr.K REPRESDCTATIYE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 33 Tr.bu-.e Biding
i
CHICAGO NEWS STAJ«T>S:
£he?-roan House; F. O. N*w« Co.; Onset Northarn Hot?'!:
FYenicnt Uctiu; AuCiturtum Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
•W«l«wf-ARtc!r:a Hol«l; A. Bnsntano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hlii IloteL
WASHINGTON |D. C.) OFFICE W-iiir.jton Hote
MORTON I. CRANE, Corr'spand-nt.
BaA^rHOPTICKS^-aj liocl£OTr.*ry. corner cf Clay, op*n
until J:SO o'clock. 2^0 Hayes. op«n until 9.S9 o'clock. 833
McAllister, o;»n until 9 SO o'clock. CIS Larkin. rpen until
SjSO o'clock :»U MiFKlon. open until 14 o'clock. 2231 Market.,
corner Sixteenth, open until i o'clock. 1CSC Valencia, opea
until » o'clock, liri EtevcathJ «P«n until S o'cloclt. N'W oor
cer Twennr-^eccnJ njiJ K&BtOCkjr, <-pen until J o'clock
THE WASTE OF WATER.
AT the meeting of the executive committee and
advisory council of the Water and Forest As
sociation on Friday the announcement was
made by President Thomas that good work has been
accomplished thus far; that contributions have been
so liberal hardly any more money is needed for pres
ent purposes, and that prospects for future work are
excellent; but that. there has been a failure in the
efforts to bring to the association the number of
members it should have in order to achieve all that is
desired for the public welfare.
It is strange that a lack of membership should be
the one defect of the association, since there is hardly
any other organization in the State whose purposes
affect so considerable a number of persons and whose
work will be of more benefit to all. It would be diffi
cult to find anj- large class of people in California who
are not more or less interested in the conservation of
the woods in our forests and the water in our streams.
These matters vitally concern the welfare of the
State, and the organization which has been formed
for the purpose of solving the problems of forestry
and of irrigation should count its active workers by
the thousands.
Ehvood Mead of the Department of Agriculture,
who has been investigating the problems of irriga
tion in California, gave in a short statement of his
examination of the subject a striking illustration of
the advantages of irrigation to our farmers and fruit
growers and of the ill results which have followed
the ina/lequate irrigation laws. Describing an irriga
tion district near Woodland he is quoted as saying:
"Under the ditch every form of flower and fruit which
can be produced in California is being successfully
grown, and the farms would attract settlers from any
agricultural district in this country. Above the ditch
I can count on the fingers of one hand the products
which seem to me to be a success, and a large popu
lation can neither be attracted nor supported if those
lands are to be farmed by the aid of rainfall alone."-
Mr. Mead went on to say: "The benefits of irriga
tion are recognized by every farmer with whom I
talked, yet there is only one ditch taking water from
the stream, and fully three times as much water was
passing the headgate as flowed through it; in other
words, three-fourths of the water was running to
waste. Not all of the water is wholly lost. A large
part of it sinks into the gravel of the river bed and
finds its way by percolation under the valley and is
then pumped up from depths varying from fifteen to
twenty-five feet. That is the situation in midsummer,
when the rains have ceased, but there are times when
the creek is a torrent, 300 feet wide and 15 feet deep.
At the head of the creek is a natural reservoir capable
of storing the floods and distributing them when
needed, but so long as the water which the stream
new carries is not made use of there is small en
couragement to provide a larger supply."
It is not from carelessness merely that full advan
tage is not taken of the water that is running to
waste in the district. Mr. Mead says: "There are
two canals built years ago which cover some of the
best lands in the valley, which for years have been
practically abandoned. An inquiry as to the cause of
this resulted in the same answer in both cases — con
ticversies over rights to water of the. riparian pro
prietors, controversies with rival appropriators and a
lack of harmony between water-users and ditch
owners."
Such is the condition of affairs in one locality, and
similar conditions can be found in many others in the
State. California needs a well-ordered system of ir
rigation and of forestry, and the association which
aims to provide that should have a liberal support, not
only by contributions of money, but by the co
operation of a large and active membership. Such
a membership ought to be promptly forthcoming.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
npHE most vital problem touched upon at the re-
I cent institute of the San Francisco teachers was
* that of compulsory education. And it is to be
regretted that it was only touched upon, not dis
cussed, s
The majority of parents who read this article arc
doubtless aware of the fact that the State of Califor
nia has an excellent compulsory education law; the
minority who know nothing of this law are pre
cisely those for whose benefit it is intended. For
them the very caption of the statute contains an ethi
cal lesson of vast importance, for "An act to enforce
the educational rights of children" implies the as
sertion of a corresponding duty on the part of
parents. Is the minority who are shirking the duty
imposed by the State a large one or a small one? If
large, the next Teachers' Institute might well devote
itself to the discussion of this question alone.
According to the last published report of the State
Superintendent of Public Instruction, the number of
white children in the State of California between the
ages of five and seventeen was 324,098. Of this num
ber only 270,740 were enrolled on the school registers
(249,335 in the primary and grammar grades of the
public schools, 21,405 in private schools). Now, the
difference between the number of census children and
the number enrolled in schools is 53,358. Where were
these fifty-three thousand children? Perhaps they
were educating their parents.
A closer study of the statistics brings out the dis
agreeable fact that this showing is eveif worse than
it appears. For of the 249,335 children enrolled in
the primary- and grammar grades only 1S7.93S (about
75 per cent) actually belonged to the schools. Allow
ing that every one of the 21,405 children in the private
schools was actually in attendance, we must still add
to the 53.358 who were never enrolled 61.397 who were
enrolled but who did not belong to the schools. This
gives us the appalling total of 114.755 children out of
324,098 — that is, nearly one-third the school popula
tion of the State— who do not belong to any school,
public or private. Is it not about time that something
was done to enforce the compulsory education law?
Does the city of San Francisco make a better show
ing than the State at large? From the report of Su
perintendent Webster for the year ending June 30,
1807, we learn that the number of children between
5 and 17 who have attended public schools at any time
(luring the year was 46,871; private schools. 8501;
total. 55.372. The number of children between 5 and
17 who have not attended school at any time during
the school year was 19.46S. Nearly twenty thousand
children in the city of San Francisco growing up ig
norant of their duties and responsibilities as American
citizens!
It was to reach the parents of such poor waifs that
the Legislature passed the compulsory education law
of March 28, 1874. For more than a quarter of a cen
tury that law has been a dead letter on our statute
book, and its provisions must be so unfamiliar to
many that no apology need be made for dwelling on
them briefly here.
The language of the statute is absolutely manda
tory. It requires that the parent "shall be required"
to send his child to school for at least two-thirds of
the time during which a school is taught in his dis
trict; twelve weeks cf this time must be "consecu
tive." The president of the Board of Education is re
quired to post three notices of the law in the most
public places in the city or to publish the same for
three weeks, during ench June, in some newspaper.
Parents who fail to comply with the provisions of the
act are guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable for the
first offense with a line of twenty dollars and costs;
for the second offense not less than twenty dollars nor
more than fifty, with costs.
If this law could be enforced upon ail negligent
heads of families in San Francisco to-morrow, and if
the dollars collected were placed in a straight line
with their circumferences touching, they would
stretch along Market street a distance of two miles —
from the ferries to Franklin street. •
The duty of enforcing the law is placed pri
marily upon the clerk of the Board of Edu
cation, who, upon the written complaint of any
teacher or taxpayer, must prosecute any of
fender or be himself liable to the fine of
not less than twenty nor more than fifty dollars. The
census marshal is required not only to furnish the
Board of Education with complete lists of children of
school age, but also to note on such lists all children
not attending school who are liable to the provisions
of the act. The teacher "shall call such list each
morning on the opening of school," report the per
sistent absentees to the Board of Education, and "said
board shall therewith proceed to prosecute such
parents," etc.
Nothing could be clearer than the provisions of the
act. The responsibility for enforcing it, moreover, is
put exactly where it properly belongs, and the ex
pense is amply provided for by the heavy — but none
too heavy — fines collectable.
Citizens who may think the enforcement of this law
impossible must believe that the average of human
virtue and intelligence is higher in the State of Maine
than in the State of California, for the city of Portland
has a compulsory education law not dissimilar to
ours — and it is enforced.
Compulsory education has been carried further in
Germany than anywhere else, and it is from Germany
we can learn the most in attempting to enforce our
own law. In his book on European schools Dr. L.
R. Klemm tells us that in Prussia the process is sum
mary and effective. 'The father is summoned before
the Police Court and is called upon to explain. If no
satisfactory explanation is forthcoming the father is
fined. This fine is increased twice in case of back
sliding, and finally ends in imprisonment." The school
age is 6 to 13, the time requirement eight months in
the year. In cases of extreme poverty the State pro
vides necessaries. In Rhenish Prussia so thoroughly
has the law been enforced that of all the young men
drafted for military service less than three-tenths of
one per cent are illiterates.
These figures carry their own warning. A republic
based upon ignorance is as a house builded upon the
sand.
We turn to the last Federal census and we find that
in the United States in 1890 the illiterates numbered
over six millions — thirteen and one-third per cent of
the population.
THE SAN FRAjSTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
After all the howls of economy, the darkening of
streets, the squirming of economists, the city will
have a deficit after all. Why not pawn the Hall of
Justice to a collector of curios and raise enough
money to run the city government for a few days?
Even the most optimistic believer in the future of
Cape Nome must now be apprehensive of serious evil.
The Standard Oil Company has decided to invade the
town and tap the district.
The muddle Into which the courts have thrown our
pugilistic parasites is a .reasonably safe indication that
we will not suffer after all from the threatened raid
of the New York "pugs."
The City Fathers have decided that freak advertise
ments in San Francisco will no longer be tolerated.
Can this be a covert attack upon that Phelan folly
known as our municipal flag?
Local officials, under the ingenious guidance of the
Mayor, have been caught times without number in
efforts to throw dust in the eyes of the public, but
the most flagrant endeavor is involved in the threat to
leave city streets unswept during the month of June.
The improvement clubs of.the city are again insist
ing that our municipal administration is not only ex
pensive but worthless. The clubs should remember
that his Honor the Mayor is an expensive luxury,' for
awhile at least.
While the City Fathers are concerning themselves
with the preservation of the forests of Santa Cruz
and San Matco they might spare a few minutes to
an effort to get San Francisco out of the woods of
darkness into which the policy of Mayor Phelan has
thrown it.
18
THE TYRANNY OF TEARS
AND ITS CLEVER AUTHOR
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
i,'tyf\fll Were successful at Nom» last
¦VKUUil year. All ethers failed. la opera-
tion daily. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
SAND CEJiTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
iir|r^r\»j Gold dredginjr pumps, the only
JAwiYJUll successful rump manufactured.
K5 Sixth st.. Ean Francisco.
DREDGING FUMPS.
Oar centrifugal pumps are going to Cap* Notn».
•re you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
f ravel; has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
OARRATT A CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
GOLO SFPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; In operation 28 Beale st
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, sas. gasoline: full line; mfra.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
S1LVEP-PLATED VMALGAM PLATF&
F. W. BEL.L, Central Plating Works. S£i MU-
slon st., 8. F. Phone Jessie J01.
TANKS.
TANKS — Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers J3
Beale it.. 8. F.; 34S E. 2d St.. Loa Angeles.
PORTABLK j OUSES. ~
BCRKHAM-STANDE7ORD CO.. Washln^og
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders* Ex., s. W.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed shipped
free. SBARBORO A CO.. «S1 Montgomery/
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO ,*%»•«.
lhe Santa Maria
¦ 1CVTTE3 INVESTORS OF MODERATE
f.^5!S?o- to , jrOIN THE COMPANY AS PRO-
MOTERS. If you Join us TOU WILL IiH
RIGHT IN AMONG' THE OPERATIONS OF
I£? ££5£ DA UD ? 11 ' COMPANY. PROFES-
SOR VI ELD. one of the greatest of the oil men
of America, says the Santa Maria region la th*
best he ever saw; Let 'an send vou th»
report of the OFFICIAL. EXPERT OF TUB
PRODUCEKS- OIL EXCHANGE. COLONEL
M. M. OCrDEN. on the Santa Maria land For
a short time shares will be sola at 10 cents to
n the armt rls - Koom *>. floor 1. MUI*
Building.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. I^eyr-.R— Monday. May IS. at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at 711 Howard street.
By S. Walk! n«— Monday, May CS, at 1:80 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Uarrisou sirerts.
AMUSEMENTS.
On hf v za — Vaudeville.
Columbia —"When We Were Twenty-flre," to-morrow night.
_ California — "Lori Qrumley."
T:\oU---The Wizard •>< the Nile."
Grajid Ojxrra-h'Xise— "Wil."
Alcazar — "The l>ur.«?rf!les."
Olyrr-pla, ranter Mi*or. an>l EJly streets— Specialties.
<^.'Jtes. Z'jo ar.J Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rven'.r.r.
Fischer's Concert Hall— "Faurt."
K&i ¦; Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
Recreation Perk— Baseball.
Unkn CourMr.g I'ark— Courrinc to-<!ay.
ln^leside Coursing l'ark— Coursinz to-day.
Sutro IJaths— Oi>en niehts.Robbed by a Sailor.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Leonard G. Crossley, mining
expert, San Francisco, liabilities $3219 89,
no assets; Fred C. Mlchaells, clerk, San
Francisco, liabilities $230. no assets;
Thomas W- Waterhouse. physician. New
castle, Placer County, liabilities J27.08S OS.
no assets. Dr. Waterhouse's liabilities
consist mostly of judgments on promis
sory notes in favor of several banks In
New York State. , ~~/; ¦
Petitions in Insolvency.
iilrs. Cn&s. Hippeto Coolly Acknowl
edges She Deserted Her Family
Because She Was Tired of
Harried Life.
+
• '¦¦¦ ¦'¦ '¦'- '• ' •
A decision of considerable interest to
husbands whose -wives have deserted them
was rendered yesterday l.y Presiding Jus
tice of the Peace Dunn In the case of
Mrs. Sarah Schwalbe against Charlea L.
It!ppcto. The decision carries with it the
fact that husbands are not responsible
for the debts contracted by wives who
Lave left their marital fireside to taste
once more of the joys of single blessed
r:oss.
TJtie bill for the payment of which Rip-
Justice Dunn Gives Judg
ment for Husband Sued
by a Milliner.
NOT LIABLE FOR
BILLS OF WIFE
WHO LEFT HOME
Offer of Services of the Men of the
French Cruiser Fully
Appreciated.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet-
Ing yesterday reprimanded James Walsh
of engine 22 for disrespect to a woman
residing in the neighborhood of the en- J
gine-house. She refused to make a direct '
charge against him. L. A. Smith was ap
pointed to engine 32 to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of James Pallle.
A communication from residents in the
Eureka Valley and Park Lane tract ask
ing for a firohouse at Seventeenth and
Ashbury streets was received and taken
under consideration. The Chief was In
structed to take all the necessary steps
for. additional protection during the com
ing Fourth of July.
The secretary was Instructed to send a
letter of thanks to the officers and men of
the French cruiser Protet for the offer of
their services on Friday night at the fire
at Main and Harrison streets. They were
also invited to attend a fire drill on a date
to be selected by themselves.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
THANK FRENCH JACKIES
Pearson Will Go Free.
J. W. ' Pearson of wildcat fame will es
cape punishment on the charges of grand
Mrs. Rippc-to was placed on the stand
and coolly acknowledged that she had left
her husband for the sole reason that she
had become tired of married life. The fact
that she also deserted two small children
did not appear to disturb her conscience
In the least. She admitted that her hus
band had certainly been good to her, but
that his kindness had made her tired. She
was abl«» to support herself, as she had a
pood position, and she. rather liked the in
dependent way In which she was now liv
ing. She stated that she had never offered
to go back to her husband, as she was
perfectly contented to live alone.
Judge Dunn characterized her testimony
as the most remarkable ever given in a
court of Justice, and was pleased that the
plain evidence and the law allowed him to
decide that Mrs. Wppeto must pay her
own debts so lorn? as she remained away
from her husband.
peto was sued by Mrs. Schwalbe, who is
a milliner at 210 Third street, was for bon
nrts purchased by his wife last October.
Mr?. Klppeto had left her liege lord in
April, lii<'j. and resumed her maiden name
of Miss Sarah Barnham. Under that name
ehe ordered time or four head adorn
ments costing $75. She paid a portion of
the account, and the balance, amounting
to $o>j "5. Mrs. Schwalbe ¦was unable to
collect after several attempts. She finally
discovered that Miss I5arnham was none
other than the wife of Charles L. RIppeto,
who Is employed by Wells, Fargo & Co.
mid residea at 412 McAllister street. Mrs.
Schwalbe Immediately instituted suit
against him, but did not succeed In mulct
ing the deserted husband, as Judge Dunn
decided against her. He held that the
wife had never offered to return to her
husband and therefore he could not be lia
ble for her debts.
Chinese Consul Died at Sea.
The death certificate of Chin Shu Tze,
Chinese Consul for Central America, was
filed yesterday In the Health Office. Chin
Shu Tze died at sea on the steamer Colon
on May 5 while on his way to this city
Death resulted from pneumonia after four
days" sickness. His body was embalmed
and was immediately transferred on Its
arrival to the City of Peking for trans
portation to China. The deceased was 4S
years of age.
— •-i _ ¦ ;
We cave money for amateurs. We loan you
a kodak. Backus Studio, 11 Geary st. •
Albln Erickson and James Gorman, the
boys arrested on Friday for killing eight
rabbits In the Ingleslde Coursing Park,
appeared yesterday before Judge Mogan!
Their parents were In court. Young Gor
man said he killed the rabbits to take
them home to be cooked, but his mother
declared that she would have nothing to
do with them. The Judge continued the
cases till Tuesday and allowed the boys
to go home. Two additional warrants
were issued for the arrest of James
Woods and Andrew Woods, who assisted
in the slaughter of the rabbits.
The Boy Habbit-Killers.
larceny and obtaining money by false pre
tenses preferred against him by Miss
Helen Glrtanner and Miss Catherine
Briner. They, each paid him $100 for a
passage to Cape Xome on the schooner
Kidalgo, advertised to sail not later than
April 15. Judge Cabaniss was dubious
about the evidence being sufficient to hold
Pearson and John C. Winans. president
of the Fidalgo Bay Copper Company
agreed to return the money to the young
women. The charge of grand larceny was
dismissed and the other charge will prob
ably be dismissed to-morrow.
A. L. Vandermark, ex-traveler for Park
Brothers, grocers, 310 Fifth street, who
was arrested in Roseburg. Or., on a
charge of felony embezzlement, has been
set at liberty by a Judge In Roseburg.
He was arrested there on Friday and De
tective Crockett was sent to Sacramento
that night to get the papers for his extra
dition. Captain Seymour received a dis
patch yesterday from Sheriff R. L. Steph
ens of Roseburg to wire a copy of the
warrant, as Vandermark was fighting ex
tradition. This was done, and, to the
captain's surprise, he received a telegram
a few hours later that Vandermark had
been released by the court. Detective
Crockett was notified to return from Sac
ramento.
Justice Is Balked.
Cremleux Lodge Sail.
Cremleux Lodge No. 325 of the Indepen
dent Order of B'nal B'rlth will give a
grand ball next Tuesday evning In B'nal
B'rith Hall. E. H. Morris is the chairman.
of the committee of arrangements.
"Will Leave for Honolulu on Wednes
day to Organize the New
Customs District
W. S. Chance, supervising special agent
of the treasury, arrived here yesterday
morning and Inspected the Custom-house
In this city. He will leave Wednesday for
the Hawaiian Islands, where he will or
ganize the newly created customs district.
In this work he will be assisted by a spe
cial agent from Detroit.
The Secretary of the Treasury request
ed Customs Collector Jackson several
weeks ago to detail Chief Clerk E. .B.
Jerome to proceed to Hawaii and organ
ize the district, but the Collector could
not spare Mr. Jerome from his duties at
this port. Hence the man from Detroit
was substituted.
When Mr. Chance returns, which will
he after a stay of two or three weeks
In the islands, he will look into Chinese
Immigration frauds.
SUPERVISING AGENT
W. S. CHANCE IS HERE
A Fortune Demanded "Under the Ordi
nance Taxing Nickel-in-the-
Slot Machines.
The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company must go Into court and show
cause why It should not pay Its Ucenso
as demanded by Tax Collector Scott. Suit
was filed yesterday against the corpora
tion by the City and County Attorney to
recover $5000 on one account and $1&6.000
accrued license on nlckel-ln-the-slot ma
chines, which the Tax Collector alleges
the company owes the city under an or
dinance passed October 8, 1S9S.
CITY SUES TELEPHONE
COMPANY 'FOR LICENSE
fessor Herman Genss, expressed himself
as well satisfied with the result of tho
rehearsals, and the members all promised
to exert themselves during th© vacation
to augment the roll so that Important
oratorios may be taken up. The re
hearsals are to be resumed on Thursday
evenings, beginning the first Thursday o'f.
August, In the hall of the old Supreme
Court bulldlnp, corner of Larkin and Mc-
Allister streets-
Elaborate Preparation Being Made
for an Excursion and Picnic
to Glenwood.
The Knights of Honor of thia city will
grive a grand excursion and picnic at Glen
wood Wednesday, May SO. A general com
mittee, headed by Ben I. Salomon, chair
man; Charles H. Holcomb, vice chairman;
F. A. Jennings, treasurer, and George A.
Folsom, secretary, has been appointed to
manage the affair and these gentlemen
are perfecting arrangements that will
make the Knights' outing one of the most
successful and enjoyable of the year.
One of the principal features of the pic
nic will be a grand vaudeville entertain
ment to be given on the grounds in the
shade of the giant redwoods. The com.
mittee on games has provided for the en
tertainment of the children. Fifty valua
ble prizes will be distributed among th»
successful contestants of various games
to be competed for by both young and old.
Two hundred gate prizes have also been
offered.
All the lodges In the city have com
bined in the arrangements for the pic
nic and with a committee of.slx from each
lodge the general committee reaches the
number of 144. Round trip tickets will be
$1 and 50 cents for children. The narrow.
gauge boat will leave the foot of Market
street at 8:15 a_ m.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
TO HAVE AN OUTING
Well Known Business Man and Poli
tician Succumbs After an Ill
ness of Months.
Captain "William R. A. Johnson, •well
known in local business and political cir
cles, died at his home in Santa Clara on
Friday last. Captain Johnson's death was
not unexpected. He had been 111 for many
months, and although he continued active
until two weeks ago his friends had long
noted the approach of dissolution. He
finally bade his friends in this city good
by and returned to his home, fully con
scious that the sands of his life had near*
ly run. A few days ago he lapsed into a
semi-conscious condition, which only end
ed In his death. It Is said that an afflic
tion of the kidneys was the Immediate
cause of death.
Captain Johnson was a native of Ken
tucky. He came to San Francisco thirty
five years ago and entered the mercantile
field. On the organization of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company he secured the
position ofpurchasing agent for the cor
poration. This position he held until the
reorganization of the company five years
ago. He then went Into politics and se
cured an office as deputy under the Coun
ty Clerk, which position he held until two
¦weeks ago, when illness took him to his
home. His wife survives him.
WILLIAM R. A. JOHNSON
DIES IN SANTA CLARA
Accused Principal Will Not Admit
That He Signed Message Sent
From Restaurant.
The first witness called when the trial
of Principal Kilpatrick was resumed yes
terday before the Board qf .Education was
Superintendent Ackerman of the messen
ger company. He Identified the stub
elgned "Kulpatrick" as having been re
ceipted at the Poodle Dog restaurant for
a message alleged to have been received
by Vice l-'rlncipal Foulkes. The message
informed Foulkes that Kilpatrick was en
joying himself at the restaurant, and if
any School Directors called at the Busi
ness Evening School to let him know. Thia
message had been characterized by Kilpat
rick as a forgery, and it was for the pur
pose of determining that point that the
trial was reopened.
General Barnes tried to prove by Ack
erman that any stranger might go in the
restaurant and ring up for a messengei
and be at liberty to lorge another per
son's name. Ackerman admitted that the
messenger call box was not exclusive.
Frederick "Welhe, another official, testl
lied that after a thorough investigation
he failed to find any record of a message
sent by Kilpatrick January* 2, 1S98.
Kilpatrick was asked to write his name
for the purpose of comparison. He stated
that he never wrote his name "Kulpat
rick." as It was spelled on the message
and the stub. When asked If it were hla
signature Kilpatrick said he did not know-
He said that he had never been in the
Poodle Dog restaurant during school
hours. He also testified that he had never
absented himself from his school and that
he had never left it in charge of his wife.
Foulkes, who claimed to have received
the message from Kilpatrick, claimed
that the latter's signature on the message
was genuine, and that the reason why it
was Illegible and spelled wrongly was that
Kilpatrick was intoxicated at the time he
wrote it. Foulkes saw Kilpatrick later In
the evening and said that his face was
flushed and he gave other evidences of
having been drinking.
The board took the matter under advise
ment and will render a decision in a few
days.
KILPATRICK TRIAL
IS FINALLY CLOSED
railroads owned by estates, which bonds
had never been assessed before. From the
records In the Probate Court the sum of
$29S,0OO In such bonds belong to the late
Theresa Fair and $713,000 to that of James
G. Kair. The executors of the estate re
fused to pay taxes en these bonds and
brought suit to determine the Issue. As
a consequence the total amount of the
personal property taxes against the James
G. Fair estate, amounting to $10S,52S, was
held up in litigation. Of this amount the
taxes on bonds of quasi-public corpora
tions were held to be illegal, but $44,354
Is now due the city on the bonds of East
ern corporations owned by the estate with
the added penalty of 15 per cent, which
increases the amount to over $51,000. The
Theresa Fair estate owes about $13,000,
making the total sum due J69.OOO. of which
the city will receive $13,000. This will be
utilized In meeting the estimated munici
pal deficit of $70,000.
Eecent Supreme Court Decision Will
Enrich City Treasury to the
Extent of $43,0O0.
Under the terms of a recent Supreme
Court decision the sum of $63,000 will
shortly be collected from the estates of
the late James G. Fair and his wife, Mrs.
Theresa Fair. The portion of a lengthy
decision bearing on the subject recites:
"Bonds of a foreign corporation owned
by a resident of this State but the paper
evidence of which is without the State
have locality for purposes of taxation at
the place where they are owned— the res
idence of the owner."
Assessor Dodge placed an assessment
in 1S99 of Sl.Oll.uOO on bonds of Eastern
FAIR ESTATE MUST PAY
TAX ON RAILROAD BONDS
The smokers of the islands will suffer
when the change takes place. Manila
cigars are used almost altogether there
and cost now from 2 to 4 cents each. The
American tariff will mo* than double the
price. It is understood that the big deal
ers in Honolulu have also taken this into
consideration and have laid in a very large
stock of Manilas, storing them in their
warehouses. As the price of cigars will
be raised immediately, the dealers expect
to make a nice clean-up on their specula
tion, while Uncle Sam will again be out
of pocket.
Uncle Sam loses a good many thousand
dollars In revenue by Hxing upon June 14
as the day for the new revenue laws to
go into effect in the Hawaiian Islands.
Every ton of freight dutiable under the
laws of Hawaii and now awaiting ship
ment that can possibly be held back is
being stored in warehouses, awaiting the
removal of the Hawaiian tariff. For
months the rush of freight to the islands
has been so great that it has almost been
considered a favor to get a transportation
company to accept freight. Just now It
is different, for shipping men all along the
front feel the falling off of orders.
The Honolulu Automobile Company Is
taking advantage of the approaching sus
pension of the tariff laws of Hawaii. It
has $60,000 worth of automobile hacks and
carriages stored away at Port Costa,
which will not be shipped until after the
change Is made. It is estimated that the
saving in duty on that one shipment will
amount to over $12,CK)U. This is only one
instance. There are hundreds of thou
sands of dollars' worth of goods held here
in the same way. After the 14th of June
a big congestion of freight is anticipated.
There is a certain amount of hurry-up
orders that are being sent down right
away, necessaries that the stores must
have. When Hawaii becomes a Territory
it is expected that the prices of all com
modities will be cut considerably.
Congestion of Outbound Freight Ex
pected to Follow th'e Suspension
of Revenue Charges— Manila
Cigars Will Come Higher.
By Annexing New Territory
the Government Will
Lose Money.
ISLAND FREIGHT
HELD TO AVOID
HAWAIIAN DUTY
New Music Stand Is Nearly Finished
and Additional Facilities for
Accommodating the Pub
lic Suggested.
»
Mayor Phelan went out to the lodge at
Golden Gate Park yesterday afternoon to
advocate his pet scheme of turning the
lodge into a branch of the public library.
Intyiew of the fact that the full Board of
Park Commissioners was not present the
matter did not come up except Informally.
Those present were Commissioners
Spreckels, Stanton and McDonald. It was
decided to take up the lodge library
scheme next Wednesday evening, when
all the members of the board will meet
at the Bohemian Club to listen to what
the Mayor has to say on the subject and
possibly take some action.
The Commissioners yesterday heard the
statement of Major Boxton, representing
property owners, in reference to the Im
provement of the hospital lot as a park
addition. In this connection a report was
made by Superintendent McLaren con
cerning the estimated cost of improving
that tract for park purposes. He iigured
out that the cost, including grading, lay-
Ing and macadamizing walks, loam foi
plantation, piping and variegating tha
surface by rough mounds, etc., of rock,
would be about $9350. or $2500 less without
the rock ornamentation.
Several other matters also came before
the board. The superintendent submitted
an account of the work performed re
cently. He said that the new music stand
was nearly finished, and that it would bb
necessary to purchase about 3W0 benches
to accommodate auditors. He suggested
that a walk should be graded to the new
music grounds from Ninth avenue. He
had planned two walks. The shorter, be
tween the points mentioned, would neces
sitate a tunnel under the driveway so that
the people might cross without interfer
ing with the carriages during concerts.
He also recommended planting an avenue.
of deciduous trees from Twenty-fourth
avenue on the north of the park to Nine
teenth avenue on the south.
The question concerning automobiles in
the park went over for one week. Gar
field Post, G. A. R., was given permission
to decorate the Garlield monument next
Wednesday. Action concerning the set
ting aside of Columbia Square as a play
ground was deferred.
Commissioners Will Take
Up the Matter Next
Wednesday.
DATE IS SET TO
TALK OVER PARK
LIBRARY SCHEME
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
season Friday night by reviewing the
$2 50 ladies' shoes for $1 50 a pair at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market St.*
--¦.ft* .v^> ¦ . * ¦". Mi Fin ii >i iii Hi MufffMH 1 " VllHi mil in iT
choral work done by . Its members during
the last three months. The director, Pro-
The Harmonic Society.
The Harmonic Society closed Its first
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Royal Or- I
der of the Amaranth has arranged for an j
entertainment and hop to be given in |
Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday night. A
good programme has been provided. All
will be done that can to make this one of
the most enjoyable functions ever given
by this court.
Royal Order of Amaranth.
Richard Fletcher, a book-canvasser, was
convicted yesterday by Judge Cabanlss on
a charge of cruelty to animals. He hired
a rig" from A. S. Peterson, 107 New Mont
gomery street, to drive to the Presidio.
Instead of returning the rigr he left it in
the yard of a brewery. The horse was
covered with welts- and one of its legs
was injured. Fletcher will be, sentenced
to-morrow. L. Schweyer, a* teamster, was
convicted and fined $10 by the Judge for
driving a lame horse.
Cruelty to Animals.
Chinese Injunction Case Postponed.
United States Circuit Judges Morrow
and Hawley and District Judge de Haven
went upon the bench yesterday morning
and announced that an adjournment
would be taken until Monday morning at
11 o'clock. It Is expected that an opinion
will then be handed down In the alleged
plague injunction casea.
Ladies', boys' and children's shoes, all
will go to-morrow for 50c a pair. Satur
day being the last day. every pair must
be sold before that time. None shall be
left at the sale of shoes of the Boston
Shoe Co., 775 Market st., near Fourth. •
Last but Not I/east.
W. Saxton, who resides at the Burling
ton Hotel, secured a warrant yesterday
from Judge Cabanlss for the arrest of
John Doe, a sailor, on the charge of grand
larceny. Saxton got into conversation
with the sailor Friday night while cross
ing the bay from Oakland. The sailor said
he. was a stranger In the city and he had
nowhere to lay his head. Saxton Invited
him to sleep In his room at the Burling
ton. When Saxton awoke yesterday the
sailor had disappeared and taken Saxton's
ued at $100. Arthur Taber. a discharged
marine, was arrested last night and
charged with the offense.
19
ALMOST
GIVING 'EM AWAY!
Sanden himself is not in San Francis*
co and never has been. I bought hb
Belts, but without binding myself as to
selling price, and now I'm almost giving
'em away. I ask no deposit and balance
when cured; but will, on a $5000 bond,
sell you his real, bona-fide, highest
power ?4O belt for $20.00, or his $20
belt for 910.00. There's no framl
about these. You want no imitation,
no fantastic models. Call on trie and I
will fit you with the genuine U. S. pat-
ented Sanden Belt at half price, heed-
less of the whinings and warnings of
those who would filch you out of dou-
ble the amount for their trash. It's all
I can do to mind my own business. I'm
not troubled about those who've never
had a medical diploma, who may be only
typewriters or transitory agents with no
responsibility and incapable of diagnos-
ing and treating your case. What can
you expect from such people?
DR,S.S.HALL,M.D.,
700 MAHKET STKEET,
a AM fi*AACI3CO.
______^ JMISCEIXANEOUS.
gooooooooooeooeoeoooooeGeeoeoooooooeoeeoGOGeeeooeoooooooooooooo^^ooo
(<£&**) Furniture Exposition Building, g
1 BLOCK: SIXTEENTH STREET, FROM MISSION TO CAPP STREET. o
o g
O / - | Q
O . J ' t_^ Q
© Q
o To-morrow begins a sale of Baby Carriages and Go-carts — a sale that will set the pace d
O for the entire season. %
§ FIRST SHOWING OF WAKEFIELD'S CHILDREN'S CARRIAGES IN |
2 SAN FRANCISCO. o
2 It is a line that is never questioned as to material, design, workmanship or finish — §
o trustworthy always and together — it's the WAKEFIELD line. O
g WE STROVE FOR AN END AND ACHIEVED IT. |
It's a line with all the "chic" and elegance peculiar to the Wakefield styles. But the ©
§ whole story cannot be told in an advertisement, and the few designs we show can only indicate §
e» the comprehensiveness of the line and that as to prices no serious rival can possibly exist. ©
g Pv^Jy- TO OUT-OF-TOWN RESIDENTS ONLY we mail our beautiful illus- §
O g^SiPes^ trated Children's Carriage Catalogue — write for it. O
Q : O
A This carriage Is a masterpiece of Baby not compelled to sit "up as In Go-Cart, made of reed with shellac 5
5 dec-in ind workmanship, being full ? th ? t r , go-carts. Handsome po-cart and finish; Is full size and has cane ®
t S^f belt selected reed-c,ne seat } gg£*%S&£2£& &£S&g& ' g^ T , he 1- of -lour, g
_¦ and velour upholstering. The para- raises foot rest, and your eo-cart be- ! The wheels are of steel, finished In g
O sol Is daintliy flounced. The steel comes a roomy carriage, comfortable \ preen enamel and have Century rubber X
fs wheels have "Century rubber tires, as a cradle. So simple a child can op- j tire wheels, fitted with Wakefleld pat- ~J
J£ with Wakefleld patent foot brake, erate it; no screws nor bolts. Also em foot brake. Parasol Is satin lined **
2 We offer this exquisite £> $ -3 £¦» f\ furnishfd with para- |h | g\ <\ with puffed ruffle. Oth- £f>l/\ f f\ ©
© vehicle this week at.. boL.- Write for cata- &\j£.\J{j «= at $3.00 and up to CDlU.OU ®
\0 •••¦¦..*•¦••¦•••• * " e " © ..................... I v 1 -. ¦ ' . w *.•.....•.........,.,.••. £&
O— — o
I Sale Dining-Room Furniture. |
O Dining-room fll ni-lire — unique, handsome and altogether out of the ordinary shapes O
o and style? — priced so low that it will pay you to discard your present passe dining- room fur- §
q niture and furnish anew in accord with modern ideas. o
O 1 I SO for I225 box Ecat dining- 9/2 Kf\ for $35.00 fine quarter- Q
O _^— — "" ~^P ¦•'""-r room chairs, special de- AVJ<JW sawed oak Bideboard. 5
O <^Z- ' : — - sipn. highly polished, with large bevel 2i
Q \ — - ~ ~, ? 75 for 54.00 box seat dining- mirror. «»
t% i **i I ' ' 1 1 ' 1 +»i^j room chairs with genuine X
J* < J?4s [\l Yhi k3 leather seat. |& for 521 -°° solld oak 6lde " ®
2 M MR t^j & 07!: lor $11.00 round dining- b ° ardS ' nl ° ely made a " d &
£vj3 ILj \W >F«l 7yV t*./3 r oom tables, nicely made finished. @
S Wl H R IP} |T75 iSh^ IB.0O 8-foot quarter- 21.25 |
© •'< / Ti I I p*a( Y-( titiij sawed oak dining-room bevel plate mirror ©
© \ I [\ iiVv) tables. * ' Q
© — \ '/ if: Ofl or ? is - 5/ ' 8-foot dining-- Q 7R for $13.50 fancy Roman 0
© 3^ tii ivf.vrvr room tables, special de- "-'• ¦ chair with handsome Ital- A
O - ; pn- Jan back. q
I SPECIAL SALE CARPEiS, IHAITINGE, ROGi I
O CONTINUATION OF THAT GREAT LIKEWISE WORTHY OF NOTICE 13 TAPESTRY BRUSSELS §
O BALE OF*BODY BRUSSELS CAR- A VERY ELEGANT DISPLAY of fine. CARPETS- fi=; r P CE f ®
X PETS" that were specially made for fine deep pile Velvet Carpets, with or with- per yard " Jl - « V
X retail trade of the b<st stock obtainable. out borders, which we are selling at O
® They were bought very j^ . -. _ the low . INGRAINS, in q
9 much below current ||«W f¥ 1 P rice ' 11 H HflH the medium r* A i q
O prices. The designs and H H / U quality \\ S f! H dependable q
O colors are the latest. AH / considered. \a H R l! H qualities, ]{ ' I
O Those poods we have •IX H ~ /jtti of. per 0|V H ft B U 9 per yard. P9l7Lj 5J
2? rr.iirkf-d, per yard %1/ A9ml<S yard Vj/*Bii v ioc, 40c & K^r \J \r Q
2 -¦ 0
a FPFCHL-A MODERATE PRICED ART SQUARE In JAPANESE MATTINGS— We continue the sale we adver- ®
2 aH the newest patterns and color*- tised the last two weeks of the high <T>j/\ f\f\ ©
O Sire l J -ice. Size. Price. grade, fine Cotton arp Japanese Mat- £r>]QI S SB D O
© 3 vards by 2H; «JL ~? =? 2 yards by 4 S^OO tings at. per roll of 40 yards. M^ ¦ v • v V g
<v j ;irds vt«*J yards v?v^«vrv/ \\ c have lower priced Mattings from 15c yard and up. 2)
© V^lir*C VERT SPECIAL— Through making a large contract with an important Smyrna Rug manufacturer we are ft
q «v U\J^» enabled to quote extraord.nary values on a good reliable quality worsted face Smyrna— 5:
O » Inches by <if 7^ » Inches by C> O 36 inches by C3 5Q 48 Inches by tc 7c *»
O 50 Inches..... *"f** 3> i,6 Sncht-s O^.^J C7 inches v3J#JU 76 inches ©
O 6 feet by C|l c(\ 7 feet 6 inches by SI7.50 ?o f ? et » by $22 J%
S [.f.f-t . *>II«>JU 10 feet 6 inches vUif.v^v 12 feet vP^^.OU ©
' - Vhe quantity' and assortment of these good? is very large and the styles the latest spring 1900 designs and colorings. Q
1~ DRAPERIES, COUCH COVERS, ETC.— SPECIAL lj
O tr* have selected for this sale one of the most attractive assortments of Portieres, Couch Covers and Drapery S j
<8 Materials that we have ever put on sale. We show a very extensive rajige of beautiful designs ajid In a very large X
O variety of colorings. We quote below a few items you can use — *» |
O RICH ORIENTAL EFFECTS IN BEAUTIFUL CONVENTIONAL foUCh COVGrS very large va- 2 I
0 CROSS RTRli'ES-Bagdads and Ori- DESIGNS, perfectly reversible. 42 vuutii vut^icj riety of Couch Oj
q < r.t-'il rigured desipr.js J^. , __ inches wide and 3 -. /\ Covers in conven- —.—.*»!
X beautiful colorings. £|» / f* £\ yards long, heavy II * I fl» tlonal and Oriental IJ ""7 P" Oi
2 full 60 incb<:8 wide vi D\ i-»s fj A fringe top and bot- Xk / |a t|H designs: a choice as- t I l^ <j
• and 3 yards lor.?, \U}« torn, at. per pair, q\\ I 1 H B sortment to select «[) / £ ©
S t"ar ; r...^.,;!::..tPlloeJv .^;..^>£v£ ~™,L%V V »™M00P™ |
I fiar All Roads Lead to Pattosien's, col^r s. ancl j
o &
6&9o&o®ooeoees9OOGOcooooo9Goeeooo®Geoeoooeooo®ee9OOOOOOGOOoooeoo«««e
% ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Symptoms of ||§L»
Approaching SkISs
| Disease... lip jjf%
"* Are you troubled with Headache, Ej <<^f^7>X — // J "* ?>
\ Dizziness. Nervousness, Ur.easineas. B ~~*'''^, M •»«. ''\ \V
Tired Feeling. Costiveness or Stom- V jffiffiff?S^^ J( N/^i ' '
j- ach Derangement? These are the K S5SJSi!JE^~^^ l j^CV 4\ ;} //
first indications of disease, and if R & ? ' 1)
not checked the result is a linserir.R W&£$ * jf *tfT^^j!K^*"!^3y ' -V^I
! sickness — a miserable condition for W*BBBKr r*^* !Babdlffiaii n 9nr*nrM \ "*|Sl
I any person to be In. Not only do £S
| these symptoms lead to chronic disease and suffering, but death gener- jrj
; ally follows sooner or later. Ll
! The Principal Cause is Impure Blood, y
;* Purify your blood and you correct the trouble. Most diseases orig- jfc
j lnate In an Impure condition of the blood. ¦ There la no remedy that acta n
- on the blood with quicker or better results than ELECTROZONE. b
j ELECTROZONE removes all Impurities, giving the blood richness, B
! purity and nourishing power. (~
| ELECTROZONE CURES
5^ By removing 1 the cause of disease. Thousands of people throughout the E9
K civilized world willingly testify to the merits of this great curative. £ij
f$ ELECTROZONE Is truly a wonderful remedy. The most obstinate cases B9
M of years' standing of RHEUMATISM. KIDNEY and BLADDER AIL- H
a MENTS. STOMACH TROUBLES. FEMALE COMPLAINTS, NER- M
§ VOUSNESS. CATARRH and ALL BLOOD DISEASES have been M
\ quickly and permanently cu*?d by the use of ELECTROZONE. It has fro
kj a magical action on the disease, first removing the cause and men ef- ku
V\ fectlng a permanent cure. Ivl
4 At Druggists Send for pamphlet to lOj
k $1 bottle. ELECTROZONE MFQ. Co., San Francisco. p]
/ JldiFl^ ¥^ If
I /"" "
/ / where you decide in our favor
/ / on the Monday shopping trip !
You'll find something irresistible
in the prices quoted below : : : :
jfcat'r {Brushes, jCeather Soods,
Genuine All-Bristle Hairbrush, Imitation Alligator Club Bag,
imitation rosewood and olive with lock and key, io-inch, 50c; II,
back; former price 35c; for this 55c; 12. 60c; 13, 65c; 14, 75c.
week only 25c *£. fj\
Jrinyer Curses,
fff irrOrS* Imitation seal or pig skin 25c
<y«> , fj\ t and Suit Cases in the City.
Oooth C/J rushes, . n.t , . > /r%
We will give you this week a bar- U/niSK *SJrOO772S.
gain in Tooth Brushes — 2 for 25c; All our 15c \Vhisk3 will be sold
former price 25c each. during this sale at ioc each
SSady Carriages and So~ Carts,
Another carload just received Over 50 styles to select from. Assort'
ment the largest, styles the handsomest and prices the lowest.
Oak Finish Baby Carrier or Go- Handsome Reed Go-Cart.with full
Cart $i-95 coil spring and patent brake... $4.65
Solid Oak or Elm Go-Cart, with Other handsome carts at $5.50,
full coil spring and patent foot- $6.35, $7.50. $8.65 to $20.00.
brake $3-50 Go-Carts with hood, canopy or
Same style, with fancy sleigh parasol tops at all prices,
front $4-5O Reclining Go-Carts or Children's
Strong Reed Go-Cart, with ad- Sleepers, in many seductive styles,
justable foot rest $3.85 from $575 to $20 00
c^_
h e>
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mail Orders Filled.Saturday, Juna 2, Last Day.
The ehoe sale will close Saturday. Every
pair of shoes will go before that time.
Good pizes, better quality, later styles will
be put on the 50c table to-morrow, so be
sure and not miss the shoe sale of the
Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market St., nr. 4th.«
Mother— Now, my dear, one last word.
Daughter— Yes, mamma. ~"
"The wife who overlooks much ia loved
much."— Life.
Sunflower Lodge of the National Aid
Association at Its last held meeting com
pleted all arrangements for the flag so
cial and entertainment to be given on the
evening of the last day of the current
month in Foresters' building. An enter
taining programme has been prepared for
the occasion. This lodge has been very
active of late, the workers Introducing
strangers into membership at every meet
ing.
National Aid Association-
The. latent oil fl^ld to be exploited Is the
range r.f hills about fifteen miles north
west from San Jacinto. The formation
Is reported to be identical with that of
Dther oil fields in Southern California, It
is from two to four .miles from the South
irn Pacific Railroad on the north and six
miles from the Sar.ta Fe tracks on the
touth. Nearly the entire field has been
located by citizens of Riverside, Itedlands
ft£d San Jacinto.
Thfre is great activity In the Brea Can
fOn. in the Fullcrton field. The upper
part ff Soquel Canyon Is stirring with the
Initiatory work of development. Three
corjioratlons are working there.
Oil is reported to have been struck on
the property of James R. Heath, near
Carpenttria. at a depth of 200 feet. Also
n Par.ia Barbara County, at Naples, wells
have been sunk by Santa Barbara and
I»s Angeles corporations. A new oil
rompany has been incorporated at Santa
Patbara. known as the Channel Oil and
Mlnirse: Company.
After all it seems that the investing
public In Southern California is not anx
ious to buy stocks In unproductive oil
treUi on the new oil exchange at Los
Angeles. From the talk of many brokers
!t was supposed that there would be a de
mand for an afternoon session when the
"wildcats" would have the floor. A care
ful scanning of the list of stocks sold
fince the opening of the new exchange
faH»» to revoal the names of these
etrangrrs to fame and the management
has concluded that perhaps the men who
have money to invest prefer stocks that
can s?how something of value back of
thfm.
The oilmen of the country north of Te
feachapl have under dlscuselon the forma-
New Association Being Formed North
of the Tehachapi for the Mutual
Protection of Petroleum
Producers.
District in the Vicinity of
San Jacinto Is Being
Exploited.
DERRICKS LOOM
UP ON SOME N EW
FOUND OIL LAND
In addition to the commission of 1 per
cent on the par value of the stock the
California Oil and Stock Exchange
charges a fee of one-eighth of 1 per cent
for handling stocks of unproductive com
ganies. This, of cours/«. is paid by the
uyer and seller and not by the brokers,
whos=e commission of 1 per cent on the par
value of the stock is as fixed as the laws
of the Medes and Persians. In order to
enforce the decree in regard to commis
sions the governing board of the Califor
nia Oil nnd Stock Exchange has enacted
a rule that any broker found to be cutting
his commission of 1 per cent on the par
value of the stock Fhould be lined a sum
not less than $25 (maximum indefinite) and
stand suspended until the fine had been
paid.
J. E. Sartoris and George Crocker are
among the bidders for some oil lands in
the Kern River oil district, according to
the Bakersfleld Californian. and they are
reported, on the fame authority, to be
trying to buy some of the property of the
Reed Oil Company.
Sinking oil wells In California, accord
ing to the Los Angeles Herald, is child's
play compared with some Eastern work
in the same line. There Is a well twenty
five miles from Pittsburg, In the Monon
gahela Valley, for Instance, that is down
&532 feet. But even at that depth It is not
an oil well. Several months ago a drill
with 1000 feet of rope dropped to the bot
tom and they have been llshlng for that
material ever since. The owners expect
to go to the depth of &XK) feet If they suc
ceed in clearing the hole.
Kern County and Summerland have
been selected by the oil company organ
ized by, and principally composed of,
women for their operations. The only
man who figures prominently in the com
pany is Mr. Hawgood, the consulting en
gineer. The women have a location of
220 acres in Kern County and forty acres
In the Kewhall district, adjoining the well
known White oil fields. Their stock books
were only opened about ten days ago, but
they have succeeded in getting subscrip
tions for about TOW shares. Their capitali
zation Is for $300,000.
tlon of an association to resemble, in
some respects, the California Miners' As
sociation. The movement started in San
Francisco, and Borne meetings have re
cently been held. At least one prominent
member of the California. Miners' Asso
ciation, who has been influential In the
past in securing legislation favoring the
mines. Is a mover in the enterprise. The
size that the organization will reach will
depend largely on the action of other sec
tions. Not much has been said about the
project.
There was another large attendance In
Odd Fellows' Hall last "Wednesday night
to enjoy the excellent programme that
was presented by the National Union So
cial and Literary Club. These entertain
ments have attracted much attention and
favorable comment. They are pro
nounced "all right." The following was
the programme, that was followed by
dancing: Selections, 8 to 8:15, Sichel's or
chestra, (a) "Stars and Stripes" (xylo
phones, -J. Casad), (b) grand selection.
"Bohemian Girl"; soprano solo. Miss An
nie Roney; a few moments with W. J.
Hynes; Al Hazzard. ¦ ventriloquist, Intro
ducing his family of unique automatons;
cakewalk, Mrs. H. Philips and George C.
Farrell Jr.; barytone solo, "There'll
Never Be One Like You," Robert Lloyd;
pketch. Miss Lydla Jacobs and C. B. Neu
ton. There was dancing until midnight.
The National "Union.
Good Templars.
Grand Chief Templar Theodore E>. Ka
nouse visited Spring Valley Lodge of this
city In company of Deputy Chief Templar
Edward Flntleman on the night of the 16th
lnst. The visit was unexpected, but the
lodge was equal to the occasion, for It en
tertained the visitors with an Impromptu
programme of songs, recitations and read-
Ings after a hearty greeting. The chief
templar is visiting M^ndocino City In the
interest of the order.
It Is reported that there Is a general re
vival of Good Templarlsm throughout the
State.
Companions of the Forest.
' Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest on the evening of June 11 will
have an open meeting to Its friends, when
there will be presented an entertaining
programme. At the meeting of this cir
cle on the 21st lnst. two strangers were
initiated and three petitions were pre-
Bented.
After the work Mrs. Mary Large, a com
panion of the circle, was tendered a ban
quet In celebration of her election as
frand outer guard. She was presented a
asket of beautiful flowers.
Bald Eagle Tribe has succeeded by the
efforts of Its members since the last Great
Council In building up its membership
from 155 members to over 200. a showing
that speaks well for the Interest displayed
by the members of this tribe.
Blnzing Arrow Tribe will entertain the
preat chiefs and the teams of Montezuma,
Bald Eagle and Altahmos tribes at a ban
quet next Tuesday evening.
Great Sachem Wilson was In these hunt-
Ing grounds Monday and was at the or
ganization of Potomac Council. The great
chief is on his way to Fort Bragg to pay
an official visit to Santana Tribe and Ah
wahnee Council at that place.
Seminole Tribe will picnic at San Lo
renzo Grove June 10. Some very valuable
gate and game prizes will be awarded.
Manzanita Tribe on last Wednesday
adopted two palefaces and received an ap
plication. The members of Altahmos
Tribe attended In a body, and under good
of the order there were addresses by B.
P. Northrup of that tribe, M. C. Randolph
of Tuolumne Tribe and members of Nos.
4, 10 and 87. •
Last Tuesday evening there was Insti
tuted In Mission Opera Hall Potomac
Council No. 26, with thirty-live members
on the ' charter list. Great Pocahontas
Annie E. Gill, assisted by Great
Wenonah Mrs. "Weisel, Great Min
nehaha Mrs. Rew, Great Scout Mrs.
Betts, Past Great Pocahontas Miss
Johnson and G. C. of R. Bliss as
sisted at the Institution. The team of Ma
toaka Council No. IS conf> >1 the adop
tion ceremony in a very c litable man
ner. District Deputy Kate Uenham, as
sisted by several members of the council,
performed the ceremony of raislne up of
the chiefs, who are: Prophetess. Mrs. J.
B. Carson: Pocahontas Mrs. M. Cills; We
nonah, Miss Orrel AVhitten; Powhattan,
Thomas Roche; keeper of records, M.
Schynhardt; keeper of wampum, Mrs. A.
G. Blangy. Refreshments were served
after the ralslnc up.
Improved Order of Red Men*
The opening of the session this morn
ing was enlivened by a discussion of the
amendment to the Peoria Overture,
which was offered by Rev. Richard D.
Harlan of Rochester, N. Y.. Just prior
to adjournment yesterday afternoon. It
resulted in the withdrawal of the amend
ment. ,
The committee on vacancy and supply
recommended that the assembly refer
back to the committee that part of the
report referring to the bureau of infor
mation and adopt th© sections' of the re
port which the assembly considered dur
ing the early sessions. It was so ordered.
Reports were made by the various com
mittees on synodical records, the greater
part of them being approved.
Rev. Hugh K. Walker, 1>.D., of the
synod of California, chairman of the
committee on districting the Bynods of
the Presbyterian church of the United
States under the Peoria Overture, report
ed the erection of twenty-two districts.
The stated clerk, on instruction of the
assembly, cast the unanimous vote of the
body for Francis B. Reeves of Philadel
phia for trustee of the General Assembly.
Following the formal farewell resolu
tions and addresses, the moderator de
clared the assembly dissolved.
21— Washington, Orecon. Montana. 24.
22— California, Central and South China, IL
l&— Illinois, .
16— Iowa, .
17— Missouri, Kentucky and Tenneesee, 88.
18— North Dakota, South Dakota. Idaho, 34.
19— Kansas. Colorado and Utah, 36.
20— Indian Territory. Texas and New Mexico,
Gulf of Mexico. City of Mexico and Zacatecas,
BT. LOUIS, May 26.-The Presbyterian
General Assembly, which has been hold-
Ing its one hundredth and twelfth annual
meeting at Compton Avenue Presbyterian
Church during the past ten days, ad
journed sine die at noon to meet next"
year in Philadelphia. The session just
concluded has been one of the most im
portant ever held by the assembly.
The report of the committee appointed
to divide the church territory Into dis
tricts, under the provisions of the Peoria
Overture, reported the following with the
number of commission to which each Is
entitled:
1— New York. S8.
2— New York, 30.
8— New York. 34.
4— New Jersey, Chile. Eastern Persia, 24.
6— New York. North Laos and Slam, 21.
f-Baltlmore, Atlantic and Catawba, — .
7— Pennsylvania. S2.
8— Pennsylvania. 28.
9 — Pennsylvania, 3S.
10— Ohio, . . •
U-Ohlo, .
12— Michigan and Northern China. 81
IS— Indiana and India. S2.
14— Wisconsin and Minnesota, 33.
Eev. Bichard D. Harlan After a De
bate Withdraws Has Proposed
Amendment to the Feo
\ ria Overture.
Division of the Church
Territory Into New
Districts.
PRESBYTERIANS
CONCLUDE THEIR
ANNUAL SESSION
During the Debate a Demand Is
Made That Bishop McCabe
Leave the Floor of the
Hall.
CHICAGO, May 26.— By a close vote and
after a debate which exceeded In bitter
ness and feeling anything: yet heard dur
ing the session, the Methodist General
Conference practically decided to-day to
make no change in the attitude of the
church in regard to card-playing, dancing,
theater-going and other forms of amuse
ment which, since 1S72, have been under
the ban. Preceding the vote to accept the
minority report, which recommends that
no action be taken, the conference at
times was in a state of wild disorder,
due mainly to attempts to amend the
se'etion of the Book of Discipline under
discussion, and some exceedingly sharp
language was indulged In by the angry
delegates before the vote was taken.
A long list of standing committees of
the church and a committee to select del
egates to attend the Ecumenical Congress
In. London in 1901 were agreed upon by
the conference.
Rev. W. P. Thlrkleld. formerly general
secretary of the Epworth League, was
declared elected as one of the secretaries
of the Freedmen's Aid and Southern Edu
cational Society.
Dr. L. V. Gill of New Haven. Conn.,
editor of the Daily Advocate, published
here during the sessions of the conference,
was declared elected to the editorship or
the Western Christian Advocate, and Dr.
C. B. Spencer, formerly editor of the
Rocky Mountain Advocate, to the editor
ship of the Central Christian Advocate.
II. IC Carroll, formerly editor of the
New York Independent, was elected as
sistant secretary of the Missionary So
ciety.
Dead Letter in Church Law.
Report No. 7 of the committe* on the
state of the church. Involving the stand
ing of the Methodist church on dancing,
card playing and other prohibited amuse
ments, which was presented yesterday,
was then taken up. The galleries were
crowded with spectators. L>r. B. P. Ray
mond of Boston spoke in support of the
majority report.
"The regulation Itself Is a dead letter
over a large part of our church," he said.
"It cultivates duplicity and thus under
mine the fundamental principle of truth
in our church. Thus we compromise all
other virtues."
Dr. Raymond also said that from the
study of pedagogy a point could be made
In favor of taking the ban from the
amusements. "We strike a point about
the sixteenth year of age where the will
appears," he said. "If we would follow
nature we cannot build a fence around
man. for he rebels."
Dr. Gray of Williamsport, Pa., also
spoke in favor of the majority report.
Dr. Buckley was then recognized.
"The Jesuits, Lutherans and Church of
England never allow the people to dance
or to go to the theater for forty days dur
ing Lent, but they do not have any laws
on the subject, " he said. "It is not said
to any man 'Thou shalt not,' bur. the
moral force of the body, together with tha
religious exercises, cause their people to
abstain during Lent. I believe Mehodists
can abstain all the year. The putting of
this list in the presence of young peoplo
is a foe to sound, genuine conversion."
Dr. J. "W. Bashford argued for the ma
jority, saying it Intended no difference in
principle, but pimply a different method.
Amid a wild clamor for recognition the
previous question was ordered.
Frank Arter of New Jersey then put the
conference Into an uproar by starting to
read an amendment proposing to insert
in paragraph 243 "opera, grand opera,
prizetiphts, bullfights, cockfights, check
ers, backgammon, football, baseball, one
old cat, two old cat." Here his voice was
drowned by flfty delegates springing to
their feet and demanding recognition,
while cries of "Outrage on the confer
ence!" "We won't listen to the ridicule of
a rule of this church!" were heard.
The chair ruled that Mr. Arter was
In order, and he proceeded, amid hand
clapping and stamping of feet.
Attack on Bishop McCabe.
The conference was again thrown Into
turmoil by a demand that Bishop McCabe
leave the floor.
"He has no right on the floor of this
body endeavoring to Influence persons in
their voting," said Dr. Buckley hotly.
"I was here on private business," re
torted Bishop McCabe.
"You were not. You told me to with
draw my motion," shouted Mr. Arter.
Amid the confusion Mr. Arter then with
drew his amendment, and the angry dele
gates settled In their seats to hear the
closing argument in favor of the majority
report by Governor Pattlson. A demand
for an aye and nay vote on the question
was carried.
It was evident before the close of the
roll call that the minority report would
carry. Unofllrlal counts made It about 320
in favor and 200 ngainst the adoption. The
conference adjourned for the day without
hearing the official result.
Conference by a Close Vote
Refuses to Alter the
Rules.
DICING STILL
UNDER THE BAN
OF METHODISM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY, 27, 1900
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
best Way
lo Cure
Drunkards
We Want All Our Readers to Know
How Mrs. Chas. W. Harry
Cured Her Husband.
Mixed a Remedy In His Coffee and
Food and Cured Him Without
His Help or Knowledge.
COSTS NOTHING TO TRY.
It takes' a woman to overcome obstacles.
Mrs. Chas. W. Harry. 920 York St.. Newport,
Ky., had for years patiently borne the disgrace,
suffering, misery and privation due to her hus-
band's drinking habits.
MRS. CHAa "W. HARRT.
Learning there was a euro for drunkenness
which she could give her husband secretly, sh«
decided to try It. She mixed it In his food and
coffee, and aa the remedy is odorless and taata-
Iess he never knew what It was that so quickly
relieved the craving for liquor. He- soon began
to pick up In flesh, his appetite for solid food
returned, he stuck to his work regularly an4
they now have a happy home. Mr. Harry was
told about his wife's experiment and he elves
her the credit of having restored him to his
senses. It Is certainly a remarkable remedy,
cures a man without his effort, does him no
harm and causes him no suffering whatever.
Dr. Halnes, the discoverer, will send a sam-
ple of this grand remedy free to all who will
write for It. Enough of this remedy Is mailed
free to show how It Is used In tea, coffee or
food, and that It will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. Send your name and
address to Dr. J. W. Halnes. 2X61 Glenn build-
ing. Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
In a plain wrapper, also full directions how
to use It, books and testimonials from hun-
dreds who have been cured, and everything
needed to aid you in saving those near and
dear to you from a life of degradation and ulti-
mate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
j^§^ Cured
La while
p $&w You
* 4 i-r TV
C j. Carter, a. D.L.LD. I tl \R |l£H1Q
"Oravn-8oWent" dissolve* Strlrtnre like
mow hrnnith thr inn, redacts K?f-
LAIIGED ritOhTATE, and strength-
en« the Krminnl litirta. stopping drains
ana emission* IS *"IJFT\EJKX DAYS.
Wo drns^ to rnin the* Mtomncli, bnt A «!1-
r»ct local ana positive application to tne,
entire fret Iinl Tract.
GB AX -SOLVENT it the wonder of the
century. Discovered by the Chemist Fabrion,
Jt quickly interested the great Scientist and
Physician, Erdraan, who developed it and pro-
claimed that marvelous action in Urethal Ail-
menta which electrified the world.
At an enormous expense DR. C.J. CARTER
outstripped all competitors and secured exclusive
control on the Western Continent for the ST.
I AMES ASSOCIATION.
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It is prepared
in the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pass the closes?
Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
.v T1 £ T encrable Dr ' 9' J- Ca rt*r, President of
tne St. James Association, has prepared at ereat
expense an exhaustive illustra- BnB i.
.ted Treatise upon the male sys- »CK3IClC 1
tern, which the association will rsatLC
•end to any male applicant • *• a ¦ ¦¦) sas ¦
St. James Ass'n, 250 Vine St., Cincinnati, Q.
S'^^^fV^-gfc^^'qav'^.^^.^B
visit OR. JORDAN'S great^
{RUSEUH OF aHATOHU
9 Qfr 1051 UA&ZX7 ST. let. 6AS7ti, C.y.Cil. i
\ .Cy^ The I~ar2;est Anatomical Museum in the \
W iiwlS!>i%. w ' orld - «e»kne£5es cr any contracted A
J> KSfSfl discine p«--,Ui»rly cured hy th- oldtst ?
9 j£*jfei| Specialist ea the Coatt Es'.^yvri- %
h Pi®£&R DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\ jfCJ^JSp Coriultation ftrtj and stiirtly priTite. \
\ fl a « H i *"*- ttw Cvrtln every case uniieruken. \
Atr/f lira w 'itcfor »no^,rnii.OH«jj'nvct A
" U J 1 ' M4ISBJACK. MAILED FRBB. jAf
A W tfr »alu»blc book for r.irnl \
7 OS. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
All I" A Completely eradicated with-
U 1 1 IL out cutting or tyinr. Ho
B In a m\ cure, no pay. For lnfonna-
S ILfaU tion address S. F. RECTAL
INSTITUTK. 1170 Market.
BATLRO AD TEAVEL.
I^y02 I
I Philadelphia 1
8, AND RETURN via |
I Santa Fe I
| nOUlS ¦¦¦ I
O Tickets Sold June $•
g 12th and 13th good $
W to return 60 days. O
| Office, 628 Market St. |
TWD=£aS?gg=TBAlNS
Knickerbocker
C npr |nl Noonday
jyCtidl Train From
( NEW YORK.
<vr r nm<s tn ) boston.
Ol. LUU1J> 10 < BUFFALO.
C CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
WO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAOARA FALLS.
White~ciiy
JpeClcll From P * m "
. CINCINNATI.
\ WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO < BALTIMORE.
( PHILADELPHIA.
v NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
IjHjSSHIHJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BXS FRANC1BCO TO SAN KAFAEU
"WTiTEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 11:85.
1:80. 8:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trtp
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:W
and 11:30 d. m.
¦UNDAT&-8:00. 1:30. U:M a. m.; 1:30. 1:34,
B:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO BAN FRAXCISCO.
•WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:M. 11:10 a. m.: 11:45.
1:40. E:U p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:55 and 6:35 d. m.
BUNDATS-«:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:43. 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
iam« achadale aa above.
Leare J In Effect. I Arrtre
Ban Francldoo. [Apr. 15. 1900. | San Franciscan
* Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 sm Novatcn. 10:40 ami 8:40 am !
S:33 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm>10:22 am
(:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 3:20 pm
Fulton. \ ,-¦: I
7:3* am Windsor. M:tt am
H«ildsbur»;.
Lytton.
Qeyterrint.
3:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:S5 pm «:J0pm
7:30 ami j Hopland '[ 110:25 am
3:30 pm! 8:00 am[ and Uklah. I 7:33 pm! «:2O pm
;:")am !10:25 am
1:00 am GuemerlHe. 7:35 pm;
3:20 pm | S:28 pra.
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:05 pm 11:20 pm
7:30 ami 8 :C0 ami 110:49 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastcpo;. ! T:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Staires connect at Santa Rora tor 22ark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for.Altrurla: at Lytton for I^yttcn Springs; at
GeyBervllle for Skacrs Sprints: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring. Hlshland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Earatofra
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Totter Valley.
John .Day's. Riverside. LWley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Helg-hts. Hullvllle. Orr*3 Hot
Sprlna-s. Mendodno City. Fort Brapa;, "West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Srrinfs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eur»kn.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates..
On Sunday "round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 450 Market it.. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITING. p.. X. RYAN.
s General Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agent.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC RAILWAY-Commencins Sunday
April 22. 1900 via Sausalito Ferry. Week
days— Lea v« San Francisco. 8:30 a. m. 1-45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. n..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 d. m. 2 30
p. m. Wednesday, May 30 (Decoration day>.
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be curchased at the Sausalito Ferry, north
- end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket st^ San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
8aa Francleco, Jl 40.
¦•OTHrnx I* a citric conrilT.
(i-»rm<; ftVKTBM.)
TrnliM I«>mv^ nmi j«t«« •*•••• *¦** *»rrl»* »4
MAN rRANVISC«,
(M»l:» Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LBATB — FRUU MaT 13. 1300. — A»*1T1
•7:O0* R»nlcia. Suisan, Elmlra. V»e»frj».
Rumsnj »n«i S»et»n»enu> *7:43»
•liKtti Sh vita Gxsrcas— DuTia. WlUuma (for
EarUet: Spricss), WlUowa, Kod
IS'iuS. r'ir'.iami. *7l'13p
•7 j."lt>» Marti tier, San Uamnu, Vallejo, Nap*.
CalJKJ p^i'j.l .¦S«at* Itau *«:li»»
•»:O«a Dul-. Woodland. Kulgbta Laadlnc,
Miry«»ille. «>ro»iile *7i*3p
•von. AtUctlu Rxurea— Osdea »ad E*jt 'Ilili*
•>:3»* Sun .)u«e, Lifenaote, Htocktmi,
Ions, SaersineDCo, PlaeenUl*.
M*i;»Ule. Cbico. Ited Klnff MiDr
••iSOa Oskdale. Chinese (for Yo.emJto).
M iuor*. Carters.. ••» nr
•»:OI>« Hajmrl!, Nilrs and Way station*. •¦!:•»«
*tt:OOa Lcs An??les Eiprf «s — Martiuai,
Trv.j. Lathiop, btockton. Merced
and Fresno # «i43f
•»:S*)t VV.I-j .. Miftineian.! W«f .SUttont *«iir,»
• I O:OU» Tha OterUixl Umit«d — Ogdan. D»n.
ver. Omaha. Chicago a as|.1y
•IIiOOji Kilea, Lirermora, cttoekton, Saora-
mfiit.>. Mandota, ilanford. Vlitlla.
FunerTlIlo »*:ISr
•I *:OOm Htjwvds. Niles aod Way .Sutlom. ¦2i-|.1p
tltOUrHacrainmitoKiterSrRitmera f.1:O>A
•3:UOr Haywiurda. BUM and Way Station*. '^iMr
•4i««r Martinx. Hw H»iuom. Vallejo.
Napa. Uali>to«a, SanU Itoia *l»il.1»
•liOOr Btnici*. WTint«!>, Haeritiiiei^},
Wooilland. KniEhU LaadiJc. '
M.vrjxfii:.-. Or.ivi::» *I«:I1«
M>a«r Nlles. Han JoMKn.l Stockton •7ilS»
•StttOrTbs Owl Limited— Tracy. Freiao.
n*kenB»lcl. Hanr>s for Santa Bar-
bars, L<>« Aiiilelrs *t:|.lt
*S:OOp Fresno Passenger— Murtlnt'f. Lath«
mp. Stock ton, Alerted. Berenda
(UaTmood for Y(memlt-). frcMuo.. *l«il.1»>
•5i3Or Now )rl~*ut Express— liAkerallold.
HautK Barbara. I.d» Anfetes, Den*
lug. El raao, K«w Orleanl and
Ea«t x '9. 13*
•OtlOp HsnU r« Uontit-Atlantlo Exrr«t»
fnr Mojafa ami K<ui *«il-1p
'a, if.tr Harnarda. Miles and Man Jo«» *7; ti>4
? «:•»« r Vallej •13il»p
•KiOUr Uriental Mail— Ofdeo. Chejena*.
Omaha, Cblc%jo *11i43a
•«:00r Oriental Mail-Oplen. Dmter
Oroataa. Chicago. Mil3»
tTiOOp Vallnjo. Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlous j*:33r
•¦<O»r Oresmi and California Rapress Mas-
iai..uMt.>. Marjmrllln, HixMilig,
I'ortlnn.l. r» t «t M..U...I »nt> KmI '¦tl»4
fOlSI DIVISION (Narrow <l»ti).
'.Foot of M»rUrt Street.)
f7r43A Santa Crus Excursion for Haota,
Crux and i'riucip*! Way Stations {St«3p
•SiISa Net»»rli.»>iif.rniil-,.S.in.lw»^,l"f;t.jn,
Boii!derCrcek,.SaiilaOrnx«odWay
UUtioim •«:S«p
tSil.1p Kew^rk. C'enterrlll«. {tail Jom, New
Aiuia.Iau. F.'.Um. lionl.iw Cre«k.
Haiita Cruz and 1'rlnolpal W*y
Btatlous fl«:9Oa
M: Mr Newark. S«u .To«», T..is fi.itns ••:S»4
at:l5pO| e nwood. Felton. SanU Cru» <¦:»«>«
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
''«sii ra»«usco— mt *r >!«rk.t sumksi:>I)—
•7:15 9.C0 il.OOA.M. 11:03 *2:S3 13 13
M:03 13:C3 *t:tor.*.
ft.«04IUK0-.'ul«rjrs»i#.r.—^.OO 8:00 10:00*. M.
t«:C3 »1:C3 »:C3 '3:33 ti:53, •»:C3e.M.
COAST DITOUOn <nroail liaaco).
( Thlr.1 ,.nd To^nseml St-i.)
t*:IO« Ocea.i Vlc-.r, South San Francisco.. t«s3«»
t7iOO« San .lone ami Way BtaUuM (New
Almadeii \\V.l- ! -..!.»T*..i>ly) *liS*p
{":*•» Sunday Excursion f < r 8an Jose.
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grov« and
Principal Way Station* .««.... XSt33p
•»iOO« Han J<m«. Tr«» Mno*. Haiita Crux.
Parillc Crora. I'aso i:,.l)!,-». S»u
I.nls Ol.i»,»i,. Surf. Lompoc and
rri»oi|>Kl W»y Htati,,ns _ •4:l«p
Mci:l», gaa Jose an<l Way Statloua •«:X1»
•1H3<»» fran.lcme.LosGatositmlWaySUtioiia *3t:iop
fi: ».¦»!• S«n >Ur.,,. Unlwootl. Menlo Pack.
r»l:i Alto, fiaata Clara, .San .loi«,
Tre* Plnos. Hanta Vr»x. Salluaa.
Muuiereyatid Paclfle Oro«« tl«i*«a
f»i»«r San Jose and Way Htatlona •7:3»r
t-1: 1 »r Saa Jon and Principal Way Stations •¦-»:•*»
t5:i>»r .S»u Joi», Los Cstoa and Princijal
W»7 SUtiom tD:Oft*
•3:ZOr a mi J<m« »nl Principal Way Statiout i B :35*
*H::t»r San .Joso an.l W«y Station*..: tM:O»«.
«ll:lr»r San -Inw ami Way .Station* *I;3O p
A for Moi'imi; r f or A ftemoon
• Daily. t .Sunday exeeptrd. J Sunday eoty.
b Saturday only.
gS»tnril*T.^ «=¦•• '¦" »nd Monday
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
; ; Coramenelns April 22. 19C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX, viu -rr
AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦»*«»**. a
VTEEK DAYS— 7:00. 'S:^ 9:30 1100 «. n ¦
12:43. -1:45. 3:13. 4:15, •3:1",. 6.15, ' ,.J" *L n -»
EXTRA TKl{>3-For Mill villey and^Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdaya, Saturdaja
and Sundays, at S:0O and 11:S5 '"• oaturo «»
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:CO. »3:rX). •l(T00 n« n<k*
& 1\M •• "• do** not run to San Rafael Sua-
Tralns marked (•> run to San Quentln
FROM 3AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:35. ««:S0 7 "50 v«
m.: 12:J0, l:!.1. 2:15. »3:20 4:30 5 -Md m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. &dne,daya
and Saturdays at *t:K- and 10 "0 d e " u * y "
SUNDAY tV-«:15. '»M. •>;». "iM o • -12 »
m.; J:CO. 2:15. -3:30. 4:30. '5:45. 6*5 7?io lO^M
p. m.
Trains marked (•) .tart from San Qaentln
B-ROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN Fna. VCISCO
m. : 12:35. 1:45. 5:45. S:50 4:50 3-r> p m
EXTRA TUIP3 on Monday*. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAT8-«:K. 8:CS. 10:05. 11:10 a. in.; 13:15,
l:». 2:30. 3:45. 4:K. 8:15. 7:03. 10:30 p. ri.
THROUGH TRAIXa
7:C0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:13 p. ra. weekdays (Saturday* eicepteJ)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays — Caradaro and way sta-
tions. ,
11:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Bt7«a and ft/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORCIBLE WORDS
FOUNDED ON FACTS
/ know that my Inhaler will speedily clear and heal all the air
passages of the head, throat and lungs, and positively cure Catarrh and
destroy Crip germs. — MUNYON.
Declared by Scientists and Physicians I HERE IS THE PROOF
to B= .h. O~at.stJHscov.ry
Nothing yet devised or Invented by man
it niiorro O(TADDU ' s as good for Catarrh as the treatment
II LfUnto UAIAnnn applied through the agency of Munyon's
Colds, Coughs, Asthm^ Bronchitis lBhaJer j. ZACHARY TATLOR , M . Dv
and All Throat and Lung S12 E. Lanvalo Bt., Baltimore, Md.
Troubles. Munyon's Inhaler is likely to revolutlon-
T h # medicated Ize the* treatment of diseases of the throat
h't cnos r^rect to^Cs. and lungs. I knovr this by personal ex-
fy-e inflamed and peiience. It having cured mo of a serious
AIsmikmI mns that bronchial trouble.
cannot ho reWhed %Sv »«• EDMUND KESTER,
i Ty mMiSne^akeJ «W State sL. Chicago. HI.
1 "iVp^rrnesites every .JU., WHAT THE PROFESSION SAY.
Eir » r^ S o a , e l'r,^- a* Munvon's Inhaler enabled me to resume
;££ ff±|ff agg sr er ;r r '" 5 " lth bronchlt "
Ft Tr mS- «-,-w~,..* kP^VJSS SIGNOR ERNEST BELINFAN'TE.
1: - tSnfc tolhe vl- fc£fcp££* Grand Opera-house. Philadelphia. Pa.
taf forces. i***"^ — ;^'' !^^ > \ Was threatened with pneumonia. About
A remedy uhlch k <j a v \ i to give up my engagements. Munyon's
pootlies. heals and >u 'A !g s * <M Inhaler drove out the cold, restored my
Invigorate*. 7iTTf\T*Jr1' v !^ voice and enabled me to go on with my
It positively cure* iW [JJU J ' .vjJJ-J t-t work.
Catarrb and dis- ;3 f f rjij ) Vi. I S1GNOR FERRtJCIO GIANXINNI.
• :.;-e? of the nasal »fl IjiPl'MAi'in ! Philadelphia's Popular Vocalist.
(: i L - : T.Litivplveurp* :* fiUTil^ \ 1 furred from a bronchial affection of
r- i^ D f th^ IM lUsgLi^ i the throat as a rcsult of the and a
threat ir<\ iiini^ 'I M9lFf? SlcST^ !orfr standing: cape of catarrh. I purchased
T- ..-3m.L MJS?V« JL l$&& t ( S ~rXi a Uunyon's Inhaler and v.as relieved at
,-,?,¦„ v o? MlltlC-^efoAlfifi once and enabled to fill my enpapement at ,
cure^ yourself at Pastor's. MLLE. KAMOCHL
.lU^^y c^I li^^Mi I WHAT THE CLERGY SAY.
t;r.K. burning or vjj^^V^JDTu^ I Munyon's Remedies aro worth their
cnuterizuip. ipSSsSsM"-!*^ ; I weight in g:o\6. My family would not be
It destroys^ at without them, and pray God's blessing
rrioo the bacilli of S^J^^.^PrfKrj j upon the proprietors of such valuable
Bronchitis and Con- s£&'i£QK£3£l& I remedies. REV. M. E. ANDREWS.
tumption. s^ Westfield. Mass.
Its use if followed Immediately by a _, , . _, . , ,,
fpr , s(1 of re ii e f Munyon's Kidney and Bladder Cures
It" enables vou to save doctors' big fees. w *>re my salvation wnen suffering from
PRICE SI AT ALL DRUGGISTS »3S^ffi±?S a11 the 6ymp -
Special Demonstration Next Week at the Following Stores:
NO PER^FNTAGE PRfO CO.. S40 Market et. I Mcr>ON*NEI>I> PHARMACY. 10« Grant av*.
CRANT DRUG CO., 3* B.r.4 40 Third 6t- I THK OWL nRI'O CO.. 112S Market Bt.
Fnnrt" 1 " IIKVC CO., foot Market t=t. I OKO. DAHLDEXDEH, 114 Kearny St.
ZEHS DRUG BTORE. H26 Market eU
1! c, GENTtES,SttKe*rnyet I STAK BALDWIN PIIARMACT, 1016 Market
BAYLV6 PHARMACY, Grant ar. and Putter. k}l. HAMAN. cor. Ninth and Mission.
\V. ESTEVO VON KRANKAW, ICth & Folsom. | HENRY F. WYNNE, Folsom and 22d.
OAKLAND:
OPOOOD BROS.. Broaflway. I BOWMAN & CO.. Broadway.
GAnRi:TT & TAfUJERT. 12n Broadway. I WISHARTB DRUG STORE. 10th & Washngtn.
GEO. SMITH &: OOti 400 Twelfth Ft. 1 W. T. HYDE, corr WashinRton and 13th.
Polite attPiiiiants will be on hand to answer all questions. Everj'body is Invited to give the
Inhaler a free trial. You are ¦welcome to a treatment whether you purchase or not.
Munyon's Homeopathic Remedies,
ThlF rrmpa-ny has prepared neparate specific? frr all diseases, which are Fold by all druy-
finr. Cmett r^mV»dy is «w> labeled there can be no mistake. 'With them every mother can become
the family <loctrir.
I will guarantee that my Rheumatism Cure will cure rheumatlfm In a few hours; that
my T>ys : i>«';jK!a Cure will cure any case of lr-'Iigcstion or etomach trouble; that &0 per cent of
k;"<1r.ey .-r.niplalnts. lncludlnr Bripht's Diseape. can be cured with my Kidney Cure: that my
Catarr'i Cure ¦Bill cure catarrh of the head, throat and etomach. no matter how chronic or
long »=tan<3in?r; that nervoua affections and diseases of th<> heart are controlled and cured by
my Nerve and Heart Cure; that my Cold Cure will break up any form of cold in a few hours.
E7 cures for 67 ailment*. Every druggist sells them— mostly 25 cents a vial.
TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Write Prof. Munyon for advice., which 1" ABSOLUTELY FREE. The most obstinate ca*ea
luccessfully treated In strictest confidence. "Guide to Health" FREE.
Mnnyon's H. H. R. Co., 1505 Arch Street, Philadelphia.
PENNSYLVANIA^HORT LINES.
OFFICIAL^ ROUTE
THE CALIFORNIA DELEGATION
TO THK
Republican National Convention
TO BE HELD AT
PHILADELPHIA,
JUNE 1^, 19OO.
Round-Trip Tickets $88.50.
For Sleeping-Car l^eservatioos call at Southern Pacific Office.
613 MARKET STREET.
A. S. J. HOLT, Pacific Coast Agent,
30 Montgomery Street.
MlkiTMi / ¦ h'f'rf** b "t*. ' ri nfrr '!nr T" ' lilsH
3 Distinct RouTES^^ui^^^ji^^g^in^||a
I-MagNIF' 0^ ||1
Pullman Palace CAU rn .. IP| ppn - DENVFR-OMAHAwiTHnfTT Wies
and Ordinary SAN rPANl \i Mto u.mmhm without mHSsswI
SleeSnbcTrs OT ' ™W^I T0 , AND CHICAGO change. |p||
t- Djfl f?5?AMnF IS TH^ only transcontinental line passing Mp//wM
KKcniiiw DIRECTLY THRCUGH salt LAKE C1TY - im/Mh
WESTERN HY.LEADVILLE. COLORADO SPRINGS m/Ifttifl
amd DENVER. JWf/lMA
For* Pates, DEscPt^TivE m/ittsf? etc. inquire OF EraSS^Cr^rv^i
GEOW.HEINTZ, F.W.THOMPSON , <;?/?/ /'yfn; -~** s^~^^'i&k
SALT LAKE CITY. S/I/V /^/JA/C/SCO. fP
papoidsI fciflCu TelblCt n
' Stamped thus 9
. Guaranteed I
s ' \ Cure 1Independent Foresters.
Court Yerba Buena on last* Tuesday
n!{cht had an open meeting and entertain
ment for lady relatives and friends of
members in the eastern hall of the Shiels
Luilcing. The affair was under the direc
tion of Court Physician Beck. Recording
Secret ary Avery and Treasurer Petroscn
ka. Dr. K. G. EMener gavo a s&rieb of
stereopticon views of studies of child life,
which were very Interesting; Horace
Hanna of the Carvel Choral Society gav«
vocal tenor selections; the Volkman
brothers entertained with a zither du*t;
G. Ilueter g-ve a violin solo; F. Healey
Daughters of Libe rty.
The fancy hoop drill and social given
l>y Martha Washington Council No. 2 of
the Daughters of Liberty in Shiels" build
ing last Monday nipht was attended by
an unusually large number of ladles and
eer.tlemen. The drill was pretty and well
executed by Meisdames Jenkins. Muller,
Dugan. Reynolds and Misses E. Moore,
S. Gardner. E. Hurley. A. Campbell. A.
McCuliough, S. Ueardsley and &. Bean,
under the cr.ptstfney of \V. E. La. Die".
This was followed by ballads by Miss
Maybe*-; recitation. Dr. Clark; fancy
dancing. Mias Annie Eerg. Dancing fol
lowed till midnight. Frederick. Brewer be
ing the floor manager. This delightful
function was under the management of
Mips i:. Moore, Mrs. Jenkins and Mrs. Ya
IMeu. * ' ...
The last he!d meeting of California
Council was an open one at which friends
were admitted as guests. There was an
informal dance and the recording secre
tary >ntprtalned many of the visitors by
telling them their fortunes.
Oo-operative Brotherhood.
On the night of the l&th inst. the Co
operative Brotherhood held a meeting- In
Scottish Hall. There was a large attend
ance present to listen to a lecture by
Henry Harrison Brown, editor of Now, on
The members of Argonaut Council No.
£97. Golden West No. 1716. Buena Vista
No. 1604 and San Francisco Council No.
1G22 will celebrate the twenty-third anni
versary of the order by a Joint entertain
ment to her friends in LHUrel Hall of the
Shlels building, when it will be officially
announced by the grand regent that the
ord^r has reached a membership of 200,000
and has over $1,000,000 in an emergency
or reserve fund. The order has paid to
beneficiaries over J57 ,000 ,000, "end is now re
lieving widows and orphans at the rate of
over. $500,000 per month. This order has
done a great wnrk, which has given the
members reason to celebrate their annual
reunion, called "Arcanum day." The mem
bership will enjoy the added pleasure of
greeting Grand Regent Spencer and other
grand officers, who have been Invited to
be present at the union meeting.
Royal Arcanum.
At the next meeting of San Francisco
Council of the Order of Americus there
will be presented a resolution to the ef
fect that any officer who shall absent
himself from meetings without cause shall
fiay such a fine as the council shall deem
ust in the premises. At the meeting last
week a number of matters for the good of
the order were discussed.
Order "of Americus. »
Daughters of St. George.
The following waa the programme pre
sented at the orange social recently given
bv Brttannio Lodge of this order: Over
ture, orchestra; remarks, Worthy Presi
dent Mrs Phoebe A. Williams; vocal se
lections, Miss Florence J. Beauford; trio,
the Misses Hollands: recitation. Miss
Flossie Oliver: song. George Evans; fancy
dance and song. Misses Alice and May
Holland; sons, Mrs. W. Clack; vocal duet,
Alfred Lutslnger and Roy Kay; song.
Miss Nelson:. . . ."•••• •' 7. 1 ;: ;
Thrre were no new developments in th€
Irenen drama of domp«tic infelicities yes
terday. Xo complaints wtre lodged at
police headquarters. None oi the princi
j,alg — ,'iio played such stirring roles in the
vitriol-horsewhipping 6cene were abroad,
nor had they left their address so their
friends might call upon them, to offer
tyrr.pathy or assistance as their case
might demand.
The only new bit of evidence develops
th« fact that Lizzie Brcttr.acher, "the
tveraan In the case," ie not a chorus girl,
but an unscphifiUcated country girl, born
_T>d reared in Point Arena, with no knowl
edge of city ways.
Niels lversen, president of the Iversen
Lumber Company and father of the erring
husband, was tound at his home on
Haijfbt street yesterday ar.d told of the
unhappy relation— that for come time have
exis-ted between hiB eon and ttie son's
v.ife. l*p to Monday of last week lire.
Iversen made her home with h«»r hus
hand's people, who sympathized with hgr.
and as^iftod her to take care of her lwB«
three-vcar-old child. jR*
"Charlie." said Mr. Iversen. "andvils
wife, who waa formerly a Miss Kate Lem
perlej hav* beVn married about six years.
Prom the beginning their marriage did not
i-wm to be a very happy one. \\ hen they
were married about six months Kate left
her husband on account of tome trivial
<1 ( .5pute bas*»d on jealousy. At his request
.^}u- r^ttmed to his home and lived with
him until about three months ago, when
she oanne to me for chelter and pro
jwtion; saying she could no longer
live with her husband, claiming that
it wa.- impossible for them to a#r«e.
At that time she mentioned Lizzie
ilrettnacher to me in connection with her
hu^hand. When I heard her story I im
mediately went to Point Arena, where my
eon was in my employ. He had very lit
tle to utter in his defense, only saying
that it was well to hear both sides of the
story. 1 discharged him and ca,me back
to town and his wife was made welcome
In our home. Charlie Kent her every
month money for the support of their
child, but as we — my wife and family—
choae to take the part of his wife he never
came near us. Kate often threatened to
throw vitriol at Charlie, but I never be
lieved It was more than an empty thceat.
After ah* left my house on Monday I
have no idea where she went and I have
not Been h«- since."
After Mit. Iverson left th<» home of her
husband's people phe did not go to Oak
land, but occupied apartment* directly op
posite to 1023 Mission street, the scene of
the vltrio4 throwing and horsewhipping
episode.
The Father of the Erring Husband
Tells Hxrw He Protected the
Wronged Wife and Her
Chlld-
Iversen Marital Infelicities
Date From Honeymoon
Days.
PRINCIPALS IN
DOMESTIC DRAMA
ARE IN HIDING
the subject of "How the Wealth Producer
May Share the Wealth He Produces." The
subject was well handled and frequently
and enthusiastically applauded. During
the evening, six strangers made applica
tion for membership and eight certifi
cates of membership were received from
Burley. City Organizer J. C. Map'.eton has
gone to the colony, taking with him $600
worth of Belgian hares with which to
start a rabbitry. Those were donated to
the colony by Mr. Schelkics, a member of
the brotherhood. L. P. Crawford and R.
S. Hansberger, who belong to the colony,
were In this city last week.
presented specialties, and the Fairy Tales*
Q'jartet from the "Idol's Eye" gave vocal
selections.. Then followed an address by
Mrs. Wright on the woman's branch of
the order. After that there was dancing.
The organization of thfe Past Chief
Rangers' Association was permanently
effected last week by the election of offi
cers for the first term, which will end
with the current year. The membership
has been fixed as to charter members to
include all who h&ve become past chief
ranpors by service either through the
chairs, by appointment, by service as
j financial or recording secretaries who
wer* of record on the 1st of last" January.
These are to be admitted until the 1st
of next July without initiation fee. After
that dato those who shall at any time
become p.ist chiefs shall, if application is
made within sixty days "after bf coming
such be admitted on payment of SI in
itiation fee; if the application is made
nfter f=ixty days the fee shall be So. K.
A. Mack was chosen president and F. L.
Griffiths secretary. Other officers were
elected. The purpose of the association
is to cement the fraternal relations be
tween the past chiefs, assist the order and
TiltimatPly secure, if possible, the crea
tlon of a higher degree in the order.
Knights of Golden Eagle.
At the last held meeting of California
Castle, in Native Sons' Hall, ten appli
cations for membership were received.
The conferring: of the' first degree has
been postponed until the 13th of June,
when between twenty-five and thirty can
didates will receive what is known aa the
Pilgrim's degree.
W. O. Macdougall, D. 8. C. and Grand
Master of Records Hanna have returned
from Auburn and report that there is fine
material In that" place to organize a
Knights of Maccabees.
At the review of San Francisco Tent
No. 18 on the 18th lnst there was a good
"attendance of sir knights, unong them
State Commander Hall, who read a letter
from the supreme officer, showing a large
gain in membership. This tent arranged
for Its annual banquet to be given In
June. It was decided that any member
who Introduces a candidate who shall be
•initiated before the 20th of June will be a
guest of honor at the banquet. After the
routine business had been disposed of, th«
social committee entertained those pres
ent with music, songs and story telling.
*=v=5HE officer* of the Caledonian Club
who will assist materially in making
H a success of the annual games of the
club at Shell Mound Park next
Wednesday are: Angus McLeod. chief;
A. M. Max-phen?on, first chieftain; F. F.
Finlay, f«-ond chieftain; Andrew McNaJr.
third chieftain, and J. W. Cameron,
fourth .-hMtain. The chief, who has al
ways taken a keen interest in the progress
of the ciub. was first elected to office as
flrrt oh:.>fta!n in lSf.6 and ht-M the office
f->r the yeaj-s 1SS7. 1SSS and lv>3. He was
-rain elected chief for 1S3S and l*Xt.
Through his indefatigable work he has
succeeded in making the annual games
gus McLeod. W. C. Burnett, C. Chisholm,
I). R. McXeill and John Reid.
All the arrangements are complete for
the annual games on Wednesday. Al
ready several athletes from the East have
arrived In the city to compete in the
{•vents and a large number is expected
from the coast. It is hoped that the ser
vices of Miss Jessie Maclachlan, the fam
ous Scottish songstress, will be secured
to give a concert in a tent on the grounds
as an additional attraction. The guests of
the club can look forward to a hospitable
reception, as SGOO has been subscribed for
their entertainment. All that is wanted"
to make this year's gathering a success
in every respect is favorable weather.
during his tenure of office popular and at
tractive. The other officers have also done
excellent work.
The club was organized in 1SG6. having
for its objects "the encouragement and
practice of the games ajid preservation oi
the customs arm manners of Scotland, the
promotion of a taste for her language an«i
literature and the binding more' closely in
social lir.kw the uoiis and daughters and
di-scendants of our mother country."
Thes* objects haye boon carried out with
continuing and marked success largely
owing to tile members selected as chiefs.
Including Donald McLennan, David
Mitchell. Stewart Menzles. D. A. Macdon*
aid, Colin M. l>t>yd. John F. Kennedy, An-
Officers of the Caledonian Club for the Present Year.
He Was Well Known In Commer
cial and Political Circles in
This City .and Belonged
to Many Clubs.
C B. Stone, manager of the San Fran
cisco Breweries, Ltd., passed away at his
country home . In San Mateo about 11
o'clock yesterday morning. Death was
due to a complication of diseases, culmin
ating in heart trouble.
Mr. Stone #came to California in 1869.
He first settled In, Humboldt County, but
removed to Francisco In 1S76, and
soon after founded the firm of Searles &
Stone, shipping and commission mer
chants, lie was one of the owners of the
steamer Humboldt. In 1891 he became the
manager of the San Francisco Breweries,
L-td.ffor an English corporation, and ably
conducted the affairs of that concern up
to the time of his death.
lir. Stone was well known In public life
as a member of the Board of Education,
in\which capacity he served the city for
four years. He was also president of the
Produce Exchange in 1890. As a financier
he gained considerable renown, his opin
ion and Judgment being sought on numer
ous occasions by persons capable o£ Judg
ing of his ability. He successfully ad
justed the great Nevada Bank wheat deal
tangle several years ago.
Deceased was a member of the Paclflo
Union, Olympic, Burlingame and Country
clubs of this city and the California Club
of Los Angeles. He was charitably in
clined during his life and donated gener
ously to the funds which were raised to
welcome the return of the First Califor
nia Regiment last year. He was 61 years
of age and leaves a wife and tour chil
dren. Hla funeral will take place in Red
wood City on Monday afternoon at 3:30
o' clock. '"'¦ -'-¦•-•- ~';-'' :'*¦¦¦¦
Charles B. Stone, Manager
of English Breweries,
Passes Away.
BUSINESSMAN
OF NOTE DIES
AT SAN MATEO
CALEDONIANS WILL GATHER
IN FORCE DECORATION DAY
THE SAN FRANCESCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
21
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In tbe midst of grand and Impressive
mountain scenery, with Mount ShasU
and the Crags for a
background.
FTJTB HUNTING AND FTSHINO.
Unrerpasseo' eulsins and service and reas-a-
abU rate*.
RAILROAD PARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. #14.
For rates, terms and other information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLEY. Manager.
Crnrt Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
F^/\/V\OUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
eurcs of Rheumatism. Ucv t. Lead ar.ii Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
zla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and I'rin iv/
Ccmplalnts Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. MagnllWnt
•cen«ry. delightful walks. Huntlnr and flsh-
!n«r. No fogs. Unequaled for heal&n. mt and
recreation. Rates. tU to 111 per week. Trafna
leave Third and Townsend "treets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and ?:45 p. m. daily. Carriasss at Oilroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBPRTSOX. Prr,prl<?tnr.
cr \r \ f* f c? hot springs, so.noma
O1Y/\VIVIO County; only «H hour*
from San Francisco and but nine nilJes of
staging,; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
be»t natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at doer: telephone.
t^leirraptJ: dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternocr. stages; round trip from
tan Francisco only 15 &). Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:tt a. m. or S:20 p. m. Terms. $2 a day of
•t\t a week. References — Any «rue«t o* the past
J. F. MTXGREW. ¦pmprt-tor
OPENS MAY 1st. Rcund Trip. $3 71 S-»nd f>r
circular*. FREESE & JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City ofBce. 91S Larktn street.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- ¦fSTS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health rescrt as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carria^a meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
6T. HELENA SANITARIUM, rit. Helena. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Ihe most attractive place In Lak? County ts
spenJ your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis. Hvery. new walks, etc. Write fo^
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lnlse County. Cat.
1 V/v5i-.l"ll 1 1- Francisco, via th» Bia»
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chlnesa Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $S2. For further Information call
or address WM. J. WHITTC. Oenerat Agent.
CO Market St.. S. F.; telephone Main 51il-\
*& c - TOCALOMA, M^
BERTHAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates: for fanilles and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to B«ar
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BEHTRAXD or Paai's
shoe store. S-f Kearny st., S. F.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL— Iron andMaw^i*
Springs. Thefc<? t^'.t-J.rated springs anil health,
resort adjoin the weii-kaawn Bartlett f-'prln^.
Good fishing and hurting. Hone cooklr.jj arii''
! good beds: & so to fli) per we*k. Cottages for
housekeeping. MRS. II. IIUPPJN. Hartlett
Springs. Lake County^
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, nv*
miles from Santa Crux; delishtful summer
home In redwoods; running water: abun u:u- ?
fruit: good table: terms 13 50 week. Addne*J
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cru*. Cal.
I BOARD on a fruit ranch, $•? per wp«k; com-
forts of home and free 'inve*: round trin tr-rn
Fan Francisco |3. Address Redwood Height,
Occidental, Sonoma Cbunty, Cal.
GLEN OAK3 RANCH — Nice surroundinc*:
comfortable rooms: jrood table: convenient
location. Address F. QITIEN. Glen EUen, C<»I.
' . ~~~~
t i - . & f i on
The Weeky ia!l
©/ It PublishcJ the Cream of ths
2 News or the Week and
o( MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
O< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
d PAPER ON THB
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ / "* n
"J The Best \ / Mining
°N Telegraphic \X News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
oL The Couit •/ \& up to da t->
o^ . / \ ,.
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
c< or Faky, and Not a Line o!
qJ it Dry or Uninteresting.
I O< Bright. Clean, • A Cbanpoa ef
_1 Thoughtful. lrutb.
3 A GAUfORNU MWSPAP£1
3 ALL THE TIME.
o) IT ADVOCATES | i SL^fT BY
J HOME MAIL, St
9\ INDUSTRIES [ 4 Y£4S.
Enlarged to. 16 Pages
QiiMULL'S k£LNYiaOttAIORS?p^
Five cundred reward for any
case we cannot curs. This secret iwfcS Kfjj,
' remedy stocs all louses tn u t f
hour*, cures Emissions, lmpo- i?LJ!9 T%^
tency. Vaxlcocele, Gonorrbo«a. |7Jrl P^f
1 Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost l*~Lj XVY
' Manhood and all was tins effects Rig {~ ¦"
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent EESsbE&S
sealed. S2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: Kuarantowl to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. C*L Al*o
for sale at 101V-, Market st.. S. F. AU prlv*t«
Cl»t«M* aulckly cured. Send tor Creit bnota.
FOR AN OUTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MANY iflNERAt
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THB
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
'Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THB PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where ttie Famous Mineral Waters
of thb World Are Duplicated.
If yon prefer tbe stmpl. home Ufa of th»
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our section from which to choose.
But U you would rather the tent In tomo
shady nook, 'near a lovely !ak*. or on th» bank
cf some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tion* are numerous and free ot chars*.
Can for "VACATION.** a little book Just
Issued by the Company, irlvln«r Camping: Loca-
tions, Hotels, Mineral Spring: Kesorts. and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, when Board tor the Summer can b« se-
cured at from J3.C0 to J8.00 per week.
Ticket Office,' «30 Market «tre«t (Ch-onlc'.e
building). ~ •'-; •
General Offle*. Mutual Life butldln*, Pan-
some and California streets. San Francisco.
h. c. w^itino.
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent.
THE EVERLASTING HILLS
Covered with Live Oaks and bathed In
sunshinn, with no fogs to chill or winds
to distract, are spread before you aa
you rest and enjoy Ufa on the broad
verandahs of
rASO FtOBLES HOTSPftlNOS. :
Bathhouse £!5x69 feet, cost 123,000;
one side for women. ComD«tent men
and women masseurs. Rheumatism.
Dyspepsia or Catarrh, bo common near
the coast, are Impossible here — the Hot
Mineral Mud, Sulphur and Hot Sana
Baths make It bo.
Every modern convenience at the ho-
tel. Rates for hotel, baths and physi-
cian, $10 to tn a. week. _.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W, ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2326. 610 Market st.. S. F.
Otto £. Never. Proprietor. Pass Robl.s. Ca'..
PARAISO DOT SPRINGS, CapU A b^ P o ,L.
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: uagSx--dat9
accommodations; beautiful scenery: p**Tusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting: and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall: lar_e hotel and 30 cottages. aCord-
lnsr special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by *as. By train. Thin* and Town-
tend streets, San Francisco, i a. ra. ; First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for^ole-
dad. then by stag* over beautiful level road 7
mtle« to sprln(r»-^Round-trlp tickets. $3. at S.
P. office. «1S Market street. T»IeDhon» and
postofflce. For Illustrated nampht'ts and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRACLT.
M. D., proprietor and resident physician.
GO TO
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS.
It'e THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matism and Malaria. Addre««
A. BETTENS. Mgr.. Byron Hot Ppsrs.. Cal.
• Or Lombard & Co., City Arents. room
«0. 38 Geary st. . |
R0WARDENNAN
«IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offerlne every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing:, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowline; alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco $3 00. Full Information at Traveler office.
10 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON, Lease*.
Ben Lomond.' Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mtle* from UKlah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
having eontlnnous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
irrounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April IStb.
J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. Proprietors.
DR. C. C. O'DOXXEtL'S MIXEKAL
SPRINGS- at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. Th«
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh tn
the world; 4« miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and B. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at th»
nark. Mineral water, boats and bathing free,
inquire of DR. C. C. CDONNELL. office 10I1H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to ro.
Nothing so good as good
health— no place so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor.
Lake County. Cal.
City office. 418 Pine st. BooW«t.
INDEPENDENCE I_./*K.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine flahing-. excellent table, raasnlflcent for-
est no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. Se<? "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMON3. Virginia City. Nev.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts., Pan Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL
- . MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
HQ! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishlrfs. hunting,
boating and bathlns. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
EL MONTE HOTEL, _£«!&?%_?!_;;
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. .Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train: SS mile*
from San Francisco. Fare. $1 63.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
__ DQLLMAXii. Kmsm. bod- Springs P. (X
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WIT^ ONLY >tt HOURS
OP BTAQINO.
AND ONLY $8.O0 FOR THB ROUND TRIP,
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
IMS
DANCING six nights of the wwk. OOLF,
Tennis, Bowling-. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES or Shady Groves and MILES of Shady
Walks.
Finest Deer Homln* in th« County. Hunting
Homes and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
";' ; ;; COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mlnora.1 Sprlnrs of "Wonderful
Curative Properties Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
S Call on LEE D. CRAIG. S18 Montgomery st.
or address CRAIG * WARNER, Highland
Sgrlngs, Cal. .
Central California
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or address
GEO P. SXELL, Mgr., Ban Jo»e, Cal.
OCEAN EXCURSIONS.
Paoiflo Coast Steamship Co., via Ban Fran-
cisco to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma
and other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
Pan Francisco via Seattle and the Inland Pas-
nage to Skaguay over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
30 to 35 days' trip.
Ban Francisco to Seattle, thence per Bteamei
Senator July 21. via Juneau. Skasuay, Glaciei
Bay and the Inland Passage. In sltht of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unimah Pass and Seal Island!
to Nome, thence to East Cape on Slberiar
coast, crossing the Arctio Circle and passing
Into the Arctio Ocean and return, about 4i
days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Ticket office. « New Montgomery-.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
8H Hours* Ride From Lo« Anreles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fl shine Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.'
Seventh Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort. •
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CI>UB.
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. '
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
tablets, apply to
' GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
821 Market at.. Ban Franclscoi.
Or BANNING CO..
Ttt South Spring nt.. Log Anrelfs. Cal.
For the Complexion. Indispensable- for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, runburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. At all drueelsts.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTH1LL8 OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Col fax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
oulet retreat: finest scen»ry, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia* Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; $3 a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park, Cal.
THE COTTAGE.
Nine miles from Redwood City, in the hean
of Portola Valley, among the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort for a fe*
weeks during the summer vacation. Plenty ol
fi-hine and good drives. Terms $8 to $10 pei
week Only a limited amount of room.
Address JAMES C. BLY, P. M., Portola, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL 7SS°_ toI SSS
unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Goo<i
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendoclno County. Cal. ;.- . ¦
Y>ADI CR_PI MINERAL
LAnLobAU springs.
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waten
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidnej
and bladder affections. Accommodations nrsi
class: IIP a week: lighted by gas.
. W. R. M'GoVeRN. Kelseyvtlle, Lake Co.
Near Santa Rosa; . amone ths O/\|<
Rlncon Hills; home comforts and cu An_T
the best of country life. For O « ** *J t
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa. . •
PLANTATION HOUSE— ?_SS5S?°*
staeo line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties o:
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Addres:
j LUTTRIN'GER, Sea view,. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. for particulars
VVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
AU kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water
Rates J7 - up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNINQ. f anta Rosa. Cal. - • .
THE GEYSERS, £—?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming. Bunlng,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. 1
WERTHEIMER Manager.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil
Hards lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina
HOITT'S MENLO PARK.
The beautiful grounds and new buildings a
Hoitfs School will open to guests duijing Jum
and July good accommoda^ons. excellent tabls
reasonable prices. Address IRA Q. HCHTT.
iiaiitl' VICT A OPEN MAY 1st: tons o
fllU.l 1 C T 13 I A fruit: help yourself; lllu»
t rated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutd
Flat. Cat
' im^m .urn :--¦*'¦, I
~ T -. t miininMiTnnsTSTrir— tirrswi ssi hitif-^ttw , ¦ — ,\^»»— ir"™— . i-t-j-^ ¦rao^Mw^^iiiMuuijjj.jiinmiim ¦j^svLXL"S'THM»yiririT'f'irT'
e have made Onr rc P utation l) y curing the most aggravated and M ~^~f^f
chronic castfs of lost manhood, nervous and general debility, varicocele, a^^aac
ft ft ft ti ift tv fe private diseases, blood poison, rupture, kidney and bladder troubles, etc I'^SIfiflfl
! JB NO 'FAY REQUIRED TILL CUKE IS EFFECTED. *V-. I
I Si ny one dotting our ability and wishing to test our metlwds, S | \
£.$ remedies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank f3i-| j t
S» in San Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable- time Efc
* jf;^ tbe bank will return the money. " $£, S a t
j .y« Payments may be made in monthly installments if preferred. |
' NOTHING INJURIOUS— ALL MEDICINES FREE. '¦ '-• S j
?I We never use electric belts, "mercury or other injurious medicines. $ %
'*! Wt l1 ° mt c}ur £ e ou r P a! i'"ts for medicines or appliances. jjji •
t r \ JIU our remedies areprepaiedjn our own private laboratory. |
i»S OUR HOME CURE SYSTEM is rriarvelously successful. If you | I-
; :: p5 caunot visit San Francisco write us in confidence and we will send \? :
$ you sealed, by mail, a booklet which contains a treatise on all disease* \$
i -7. and weakness of men, and a great deal of other valuable information of 4£i !
'1 ! a private nature for men, old or young, sick or well, married or single. | '-' ;
| elwaioe 731 Market Street . KSSS'i". 1 " 1 I
llJOllL V. 1 ENTRAN0B , SAN FRANCISCO. Sundays— 9 to II :j: it li U U V
'(in ii mni in iiuiiii i'fii— iihmiiii' hiiiiiiii_ I i . fT-*rm*MB : uuJ^j-LJM^m>*vu*mm * »'K ivmm t wmmip^mmme^uj^^iwmrysn^ _ " _'*$2 50 men's shoes for $1 50 a pair, at the
Beehive Shoe Co.,-f« Market st.. nr. Third*
Trtppor*a Ollruros rheumatism and neuralrla.
Drugrlsts, 50c Cask. Richard* Ss. Co., 4M Clay.
"Will Lecture Monday Night.
The Y. P. C. T. U. has engaged Rev. Dr.
Thomas to lecture Monday night in Y.'M.
C. A, Hall. His subject will be "What
Khali ,Wd Do "With the Ox That Goes?'.'
Mme. AVyrick and her white ribbon • choir
will render several selections. The public
Is Invited. '
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer .tickets . on eaJe at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),'
BO cents. Morton Special Delivery. 1 408
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. •
Convict Quartet Sentenced.
Frank Burns, recently convicted of bur
glary, was sentenced to fourteen years In
San Quentln by Judge Dunne yesterday.
At the expiration of this term another of
three months in the County Jail must be
served by the convict for simple assault.
James Murphy was sentenced to four
years in San Quentln for burglary. Judge
Lawlor sentenced James Joy to serve | a
term of five years In San Quentln for. bur
glary and Albert Kelly to seven years in
the penitentiary and three month3in the
County Jail for a criminal assault
VERY REV. FATHER ROOKER
TO PREACH AT ST. MARY'S
Very Rev. Father Rooker, private sec
retary to Mgr. Mortlnelli. the apostolic
del«»erate, will preach the sermon at the 11
o'clock solemn high mass at St. Mary's
Cathedral this morning. The apostolic
delegate will attend the services. i
There has never been such a scarcity
of sailors on the water front as at the
present time. British ship captains are
offering $40 "blfiod money," but their ves
sels are lying In the stream unmanned.
There Is only one fully manned Britisher
Jn the bay and that is the Blackbracs.
She was 355 days getting here from Eng
land. There Is not a man aboard who
has - less than $150 coming to him. The
sailor boarding-house runners have been
out to the ship in dozens, have tried all
kinds of tricks to get the mten to desert
and have failed. Jack knows full well
that before he was two hours ashore he
would be drunk and then in short order
he would be aboard another vessel and
bound for Liverpool. . •¦
At the present time there are five ships
lying in the stream, loaded with wheat,
awaiting crews. The Bardowie wajits 13
men, the Sierra Pedrosa 10 men. the Prim
rose Hill 16 men, the Indore 12 men and
the Kensington 16 men. The American
ship Iroquols was also in want of a crew,
but the captain agreed to pay $40 a month
and after waiting three days the ship
finally went to sea. The Iroquois goes
from here to Puget Sound and thence to
Honolulu with a load of lumber.
Circumnavigating the Globe.
The British ship Musselcrag, now out
312 days from "Antwerp for San Francisco,
is having if anything a harder time of it
than the Blackbraes, which was 355 days
coming here from Newcastle, Eng. Both
vessels were caught In the hurricane that
raged off Cape Horn in October last. Both
vessels were badly damaged, but while
the Blackbraes put into Port Stanley for
repairs the Musselcrag turned tail and
ran for the Cape of Good Hope. The
coast of Australia was reached early in
January and Captain Johnston signaled
Cape Otway that he had lost nearly a
whole suit of sails; that the bulwarks were
stove In and the decks swept. A week
later, finding that he could not make any
headway, the Musselcrag put into ¦ Syd-f
ney, NV S. W. She was overhauled and
sailed again for San Francisco on Febru
ary 25. She is out 91 days to-day and
shipping men are beginning to get a little
anxious about her. The chances are that
the vessel's hull is very foul and that she
Is making very slow progress through the
water. Captain Johnston ' Is making his
first voyage in the Musselcrag. . When
last here he was master of the ship Har
land and was accompanied by his wife
and family.
No More Quarantine.
In future the sugar boats will be al
lowed to dock instead of going into quar.
antine and remaining there until fumi
gated. The barkentine Irmgard. 20 days,
and. the bark Amy Turner, 25 days from
Hllo, arrived in port yesterday and as
soon as the quarantine officer passed .them
they went to the sugar refinery. This
will* be glad news for the masters of the
sugar fleet, who were sometimes kept- at
Angel Island for a week before they got
a ; chance to set a foot ashore.
Water Front g Notes.
The ' Merchants' Ejrohange received
word yesterday .that the cargo of the
French bark Normandle is a total loss.
The vessel left here with • a , full load of
wheat and when rounding the Horn
struck on some rocks near the- Falkland
Islands.' The hull is now submerged and
the wheat ruined.' • . .
A detachment of the Naval Battalion
went to Mare Island on, the State tug
Governor Markham yesterday I afternoon.
On arriving at the navy yard they * will
man the -.naval reserve steamer ¦ Marior»
and will bring her back to-day to her old
anchorage In the stream. *
Captain C. A. Bartholomew has sue*
eeeded . Captain Johnson in command of
the steamer. Mount Eden. -•:¦¦
The transport Conemaugh was towed to
the Union Iron -"Works yesterday. She is
to be thoroughly overhauled before again
Bailing for. Manila.
Board of Directors Decide That Sub
scriptions Should Not Be Lim- .
ited to Union Men.
The board of directors of the Labor
Temple Association, which is to be In
corporated next week for the purpose of
building a $200,000 temple for labor, held
a meeting at 915 Market street last night.
President E. L. Malsbary was In the chair.
Good progress in the work of securing
stock subscriptions was reported.
The propriety of permitting laboring
men outside of union jnen who have no
unions in their craft to subscribe for stock
was thoroughly discussed. It was agreed
that the Temple should be built by labor,
without the assistance of moneyed men,
ar.d that the stock of the association
should never pass beyond the control of
laboring men, but upon the motion of J.
E. McL>ougald it was vote'd as the sense
of the board that the stock books should
be open to men who do not belong to j
unions and some other classes of outsiders
as a matter of busines policy.
Director William Layden pffered a sug
gestion, which also met with the ap
proval of the board, that the Labor Coun
cil and Labor Trades Council should be
requested to officially notify the unions
under them of the project under way and
to recommend that they subscribe for
stock, both as unions and individually,
as a good investment.
The chair appointed William Layden
and W<i H. Hutchinson a committee to
call upon the electrical workers, explain
the project to them thoroughly and invite
them to subscribe for stock. The elec
trical workers sent a representative to the
convention out of which the association
grew with a warrant for $500 to Invest in
stock, but for some reason he did not
present the warrant and did not vote in
the convention. .
The first meeting of stockholders is to
take place at 915 Market street on next
Saturday night, on which occasion the
directors will report on the form of the
incorporation.
The District Council of Carpenters is
soon to hold a picnic, the proceeds to be
donated to the Temple Association with
out any strings on it.
PLANNING FOR THE
NEW LABOR TEMPLE
Sailors Scarce and "Blood
Money " Being Paid
¦ Again.
' Humboldt County. The canal ia 63.0S5
Workmen are building sixty slalls at
the Bully Hill mine. Shasta County. .
Superintendent Mather of the Plumbago
mine at Moores Flat. Nevada County,
has bought the Oriental mine at Alle
gheny. Sierra County, and will run a tun
nel K'.M feet to drain the mine.
Miners are getting ready to wingdajn
alor.g the Klamath River, which is now
low and will be low all the summer, as
there is little snow in the mountains. The
season will be good for river mining and
i the river can also be worked with a
dredger.
Superintendent Carlin of the Rhode
Island Callahan of the Mississippi and
Phillips of the Phillips mine in Tuol
lumne County, propose to dam the Tuo
lumne River at the Phillips mine to fur
nish power for the mines i)i Big Oak Flat
and Groveland. The Big Betsy mine in
1 Tuolumne Countv has oombined with the
! Slapjack and the latter will be developed,
using the machinery taken from, the Big
Betsy.
A ditch three miles long will be dug for
the Golden Hill mine at Powellton, Butte
County.
The Gold Lake mine at Johnsville. Plu
mas County, has been bonded by B. H.
Bancroft of San Francisco.
The Kinyon mine at Randsburgr has
leased an eight-stamp mill at Garlock, to
which ore will be hauled.
The Amador I-edger says that prepara
tions are making to sink on the Altarte
property without delay.
The old shaft of the Bunker Hill mine,
Amador County, which is about 800 feet
deep, has been cleaned out to a depth of
350 feet and the work Is continuing at the
rate of about 100 feet per month.
Carewe (Mr. Goodwin), whose sole ambi
tion is to carry out the wishes of his for
mer friend. Phyllis Ericson (Miss Elliott*,
the daughter of another old companion,
has also been a ward of Richard Carewe
and Richard arranged an engagement be
tween his two charges. The boy, however,
accidentally forms tne acquaintance of
an actress, with whom he becomes madly
infatuated and secretly becomes engaged.
His four guardians, learning of the boy's
entanglement, endeavor to save him, but
before they can carry out their plans the
two. are married. The situations which
follow are exciting throughout, especially
as the boy soon realizes his folly.
OVER fifty people are concerned in
)the Goodwin-Ellictt production of
'the latest success, "When We Were
Twenty-one," which is to be staged
here for the first time next Monday night
at the Columbia. Theater-goers of this
city will be among the first outside ot
New York to see the much-praised play.
At no time have Mr. Goodwin and Miss
Elliott been favored- with greater opportu
nities. In the role of Dick Carewe Mr.
Goodwin does the most artistic and fin
ished work of his career. The part Is said
to be one of the most sympathetic he has
portrayed in years and it is acted with
that fascinating skill which is always at
Mr. Goodwin's command. Miss Klliott
has never been seen to better advantage.
The role of Phyllis Ericson is so replete
with buoyancy and tenderness " that It
brings her audience to her feet in an in
stant. The Eastern critics are unanimous
on the point that the new Goodwin-Elliott
plav is above all gentle and refined. It is
replete with humor and tells a story that
is original in the extreme. Four men.
who have been lifelong friends, assume
the guardianship of a youth whose father
had died twenty years previous to the ac
tion of the play ar.d whose Bon had been
placed under the special care of Richard
Scene From "When We Were Twenty-One."
ORDER FOR CAMP
MAY BE ISSUED
WITHIN A WEEK
A Man May Not Qualify for a Iaeu
tenancy, but After Rejection
May Apply to Become
a Captain.
What Is* Permissible by
Red Book Regulations
aa They exist
Orders 4, Fifth Regiment of Infantry,
announce the discharge of seventeen men
The recent hearing before Brigadier
General "Warfleld of the protest of mem
bers of Company K of the First Regi
ment against the action of Maj«r Hendy,
who presided at the election of officers of
that company, in refusing to allow the
name of E. M. O'Riellcy to be voted for
as candidate- for the position of captain
Is another argument in favor of the re
vision of the "red book," in which are
contained the regulations and rules for
the government of the State militia, but
which has been denominated in official
documents "the worst combination of mis
information ever placed between two cov
ers." The particular case • referred to
brought out the fact that at an election
Otto .Schwerdtfeger- was chosen captain
of the company and O'Rielley was chosen
first lieutenant, but both failed after two
trials to qualify before the examining
board. The red bock says that one who
failed to qualify for a commission cannot
appear for the same commission again
within six months. Relying upon this at
the next election O/RIeiley appeared
as a candidate for captain of the
company and Schwerdtfeger as a
candidate for first lieutenant. Majoi
Hendy. believJng that a man who could
not qualify as first lieutenant certalnly
could not within a month after rejection
qualify for the higher position of captain,
construed the intention of the regulation
to mean that within six months after re
jection by the board a disqualified Indi
vidual cannot be a candidate for any com
i mission. It will now remain^ for the ad
jutant general to pass judgment on tht
ruling of Major Hendy.
Said a member of Company F of the
First Regiment as he pointed to the order
for the parade on the 30th lnst: "It Is
highly creditable, is it not, for orders to
include such a paragraph as this: 'En
listed men who have no uniforms will re
port at the same time and place and pa
rade In civilian dress.'? It is not much
credit to the National Guard to have it go
out that a regiment is unable to turn out
in uniform." A member of the uniform
board, in explanation of this condition of
affairs, said the fault is not with the
board but with the regiment itself, for
being so slow in sending in requisitions
for uniforms. Such, he said, could not be
furnished without the board knowing
what was wanted. If the men, he said,
are without uniforms it is their fault and
not that of the board. Some of the com
panies have already received uniforms
and the others will be furnished as soon
as they can be made up.
Colonel W. R. Johnson of the Sixth In
fantry has been granted a leave of ab
sence for sixty days, with permission to
leave the State.
The resignation of First Lieutenant
Henry It. Deflnnes of Company G of the
Second Infantry has been accepted.
Upon his own application Sergeant' Ma
jor Louis A. Gottschalk, division orderly,
has been reduced to the ranks and trans
ferred to Troop A, cavalry.
G. Culvart and C. Kuchman, privates of
Troop B, Third Brigade, have been pro
moted to- corporals. . This body has dis
charged two of Its men on account of re
moval and two at the expiration of their
term of service.
An election has been ordered for captain
of Company E, Sixth Infantry, vice Stew
art, term expired; and for second lieu
tenant in Company G, same regiment, vice
."Whittman.
Major General Dickinson, division com
mander, asserts that the camp will be in
the fullest sense what the law intends it
to be— a camp of instruction. He said that
it is desired to bring the guard of the
State to a high standard of excellence,
and that It is believed that the camp will
be a great step in that direction.
It is expected that the order will be
Issued this week for an encampment of
the National Guard of the State and that
the date will be fixed some time between
the 4th and the 9th of August. For the
purpose of the, encampment there remains
out of the $20,000 appropriation a little
over $23,000, which, it is said, will be suf
ficient to meet the expenses of the gath
ering of the guardsmen. The money so
appropriated can be used only for that
purpose and if it should not be so used
will revert to the general fund.
from the service— eleven on account of
removal, four at expiration of term of ser
vice, two for good of the service and one
by two-thirds vote of the company.
Regimental Commissary Sergeant L. Ij.
Rilev and Battalion Sergeant Major F. P.
Poulter of the Fifth Infantry have been
discharged at expiration of term of ser-
Vl Corporal3 W. H. Wright, W. E. Hinds
and L H. "Wessel have been promoted
sergeants of Company G, Fifth Infantry;
Privates L. "W. Scroder Jr., C. L. Helm
stein, C. A. Folrath and F. E. J. Forth of
the same company have been raised to
corporals.
Privates Samuel P. Hatcher, Elmer M.
TVhepley, Fred M. Burges and R, E. Bab
cock have been raised corporals of Com
pany B, Fifth Infantry.
- A. D. AVhitlock, drum major of the
Fifth Infantry, has been discharged at
expiration of term of service.
An exempt certificate has been issued to
Sergeant I^ouis "W. Kohler of Company E,
at Santa Rosa, Ex-Second Lieutenant F.
S. Munn of Company B of the Fifth In
fantry has appUed for a seven years' ser
vice certificate.
A strong rffort will be made to have
the Mining Congress, that will soon meet
ct Milwaukee, AJrge the establishment of
a Federal Department of Mines and Min
ing. The plan has no opposition. Since
the idea was first suggested in The Call
tome jreexs ago the mining enterprises in
vrh'.ch citizens of the Uiiit<*d States are
concerned have preatly extended. Many
new questions have arisen. While other
wealth-producing activities may run
aJor.g without any further Government
oversight and assistance, there is no ques
tion that, the proposed department is
net-ded. The necessity hap been recog
nized by the miners successively in ses
sion at Denver and Salt Lalce. The min
ing laws also will probably be discussed
at Milwaukee-. Very likely the conditions
existing at Cape Nome will come In for
attention.
The exodus to the north that began in
1S9T ar.d is now as gTeat as ever ia, in the
opinion of the mining prcs?, raising an
', important question concerning a supply
lot tkilled miners to take the places that
4he outgoing miners leave vacant. Their
'departure is a manifest loss to the mining
industry of the Slates from which they
¦go. Undoubtedly the press is right in as
¦ Kuminp that the work of development at
home will go on just the fame.
]!i nil its history. Cripple Creek, Colo.,
ria? never hud as active ajid perpistfrr.t
iti-r.iaini for mining prupertk-s us dining
'the present ?*-ason. *jra«sl"ers ar>- rt-c:rd
!«d every day and ii has not beer, un
common to see a single day's operations
run up to half a million dollars.
Tht' Amcricaui iiintng Ntv.s calls at
tcnticn to the jrreat <i>;majid for nickel.
I the marvelous jjrojK?rties oi which as an
• iil'.oy for SteeJ and other metals are now
luily recognized by metallurgists and
¦ ¦workers in metals. The tests of the
nlckel'HEteel armor platen maJf l»y xht*
. Xavy Department of the l":ii'.*-d States
iin<! by various foreign governrnr-nts show
;ihat nickel In small proportions, say 3
to 7 per ccr.t, increases the toughness, te
r.acity and h:irdmss of other metals from
i;i*'i to 400 per cent.
Some hard raps have be^n given to the
recent ruling ol the Interior Department
curtailing the cutting: of Umber upon Gov
ernment lands for raining purposes.
Tht-re is a rumor abroad in the Cast
that a new Consolidation of copper prop
erties will soon come into th^ field, to be
k!iu»T. as the Rut-American Copper oyn
•iioate Company, to tsike in a numlx-r of
2>le?:ican ajid United States copper mines.
The aggregate capitalization or the com
panies reported as likely to be mergx-d Is
ov<r (7O.ti00.O00.
The coj)per mines in the Preston Crpek
district, on the Si^kiyou and Del Norte
County boundary line along the rid^c Of
the coast range, are attracting considera
ble Interest, several claims having bet-n
taken up. They ax** located on the head-
M-aterp <>f Ir.uirji Creek, which empties
Jmo the Kiamaih River at Happy Camp.
This district also has .pold and cinnabar
has been found at various points, both in
fr>iskiyoii and I>el Norte and also across
the State line In Josephine County, Ore
*?Tbe. Black Bear mine in Siskiyou Coun
ty, owned \>y John Da?rgett. has two
trumps at work pumping out the old 600
; foot shaft, the intention being to sink on
the ledpe. A rich body of ore is reported
to have !>een struck in one of the tunnels.
State Examiner Bwers is inspecting the
mines in different localities. He began the
¦work in Yuba County and he will visit the
mines in all the counties. He expects to
secure much information concerning 1
mines an<1 mininir in California, that is not
cf common knowledge.
T3""? liveliest part of Siskiyou County is
In the new mining district near Gazelle..
The Orleans Bar Gold Mining Company
has just completed its fame and ditch in
Jleview cf the Field Indicates Tliat
"Work of Exploitation of Home
2£ineral Resources Con
tinues Satisfactory.
Topic of Interest to Coast
Will Be Renewed at
Milwaukee.
DEPARTMENT OF
MINING IS TO
BE ADVOCATED
TWO GREAT STARS WILL
APPEAR AT THEIR BEST
TI£E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900
;
22
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
You ought Just to See
The Low Trices
We are Selling
Llmoees French China
Just Come to Look.
Great AEgricai Isiportim: Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Avo. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
861 Market St. (Opp. Pow.ll).
140 Sixth fit.
855 Hayes St. ?J8 Third St..
M19 Polk St. sri Montgomery Ava.
IZIC Mission Et. '05 Larkin St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 1S19 lx-vlhad<ro St.
148 Ninth St. 475 Haleht St.
rOOS Flllmore St. 22SS MUsJon St.
£2 Market "St. 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES. :
103S Waishlnzum St. £16 K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11S3 2Sd Ave.
1S10 £«venth St. 1^5 Park St.. Alameda.
4-Room Furniture
FOR
BEDROOM— Bedroom set, T piece*, 'hardwood;
1 Kood Wire Sprinc, 1 rood Top Mattresa. 1
Pair Pillows. -— ,
?AJiI/>F<-; jiiecct Oak or MahoKany Uphol-
ft*r*<\ H«t.
DINING-ROOM— 1 nardwood Extenalon Table,
€ Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Tafcl*. 1 No. 7 Stov«. 2
Chalra.
No w^tra charre'on credit.
— MAKE YOUR OVTCC TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CCX
j 1310-1312 Stockton St.. tear Broadway.
Open EvBningz.
Special Glove Sale
Those who have purchased at our former
glove sales, we- are sure will be pleased to
know that commencing tomorrow morning
we will close out odd sizes of gloves in fancy-
shades, made by Trefoussexand Maggioni in
both glace and suede, worth $1.50, £1.75 and
Fancy Ribbons
We have just received a special purchase of
all silk taffeta ribbon which is the very latest
in corded effects, l five inches wide, this ribbon
formerly sold by us for 95c and it is well worth
that price, but it will now be on special sale at
AT*
.-. . ZLKca yard
Corded satin two-toned* ombres in all the
latest • shades, four- inches wide, worth 60c,
1 Cl 1 Col T™^ t*1 C &
Special: Ladies' Undervests
Ladies' ribbed undervests for summer wear
in a good quality of cotton, in all styles, high
neck with long or short sleeves and low neck
with no sleeves in white, or ecru; price for
all styles ''>r\r*
.¦'¦2'S'c each
' iz / lxcarny otrcct
: APVEBTISSMEIfTS.
We have just received a veru large .shipment
Of FINE GERMAN DAMASK LINENS, con-
sistina of HEMSTITCHED TEA CLOTHS,
CARVING CLOTHS, DINNER NAPKINS,
LUNCH NAPKINS, DOYLIES, TRAY CLOTHS,
SCARFS in all sizes, LUNCH SETS, DINNER
SETS and TOWELS. These Linens are all In
veru handsome designs and will ha sold hg us
at veru LOW PRICES.
SEE OUR DISPLAY.
We will also sell this week 25 pieces 72-INCH
I BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK (Irish man-
ufacture), veru handsome designs,
75c Yard.
150 dozen Extra Qualitu SATIN DAMASK
NAPKINS, 24- inches sauarej patterns to
' match above damasL
$2o50 Dozen.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
¦nIAV/^I dr - PIERCE'S
£&mk ELECTRIC
BELT.
~yijZ=- THIS BELT IS WAR.
/?>•» racteij to be the latest Im-
proved, most r>owerful and
Jn all rtsr>*<^t« th# best now manufactured tn
arjr i)art of the irorM. Its equaJ doee not exist.
The Galvanometer fhnre lu electric current to
tx» double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ment*. Fpeclai conductors and electrodes.
J>7uble •wire Fuspensory for men. It will cur«
etny dieeaee on enrth that It Is possible to ror«
with electricity, and It cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till rou tee "Dr. Plerce's."
•'Booklet No. V free at office cr sent by malt
lor a 2-cent atainp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street.
COpp. PaTace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— Ne-w York City.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
EE A GliKAT I:E^TC::ATIVE. INVICiOItA-
tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for ths SSeiual Oreans *nr both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Dieeases of the KM-
ttit avnd K'adder. S<>lla on Its owrn nerlta
NiBEa AL.VS & KlUXE, Ajrents,
Z3. IJarket et.. S. F-— (Send for Circular.)
PEf1K¥BQYAL PILLS
JrJ\^"l/^V SAIr'li. A!»«»«r«".ial>i* Ladlcu ait VnttlrX
f-Jl&vk *» CHlCUlisTEIi'Si KNOLISIX
£«'S.,>^-n < \ la i:EI> «i.4 Gold a»U31« boxo. *eal«l
j— - Vr* r 1 " 1 1! « ribbon. Take no oth cr. Uefmm*
.T) *?*y- *xa D«Mtrwa HaWtlcnUon* Bad Iialte.
I / Qj t1»«a. Hut at your 2>rur>i>i or tnA 4e. la
|» ! rf • u ?l" «w Partlenlar*, Twllmotiiali
V"C* hf Ml * SelieT for iMiltm," t» lettw. by ««-
-A. 1/ tern Mali. ) i'.OIilt T~tlm.r.l»;«. Sv,d br
atttXln; Itit j,a;«. M»41mb Hturo, 1*U11^. ifZ
Itwilldoyour feet aworld of good towear*
KasCs 5hoes.Good because they fit the
feet.The price fits thepurse-and the
-styles fit any occa3ion.5endfor cataib^
SILK WAIST FREE
*«B\_ Any lady amw-rtog this xiTrrt-sa
/^^S¥^i tn»nt ran grt a han<No:ne #*.00 J-ll.JC
/Ktf*ie>Sy»? IJ1KT VVAI *T A1V«OLI*TLI.Y
ifiBy 5? iUKK. Wtam axacdy »hat w«mt.
JrT*T»^ &' mike a «raizh«fcr»ar(i e-rfer t^r
¦lla^^^ Ji errry latiy rt^tilng this .*iTeiti%e-
wgi i t *>f^ ~~~j* foent to accept. Send at one a
v *t*N^ ~J\3&-~<li 7°°* !1JrDe . Yv* Ctfice addrns.
jg§§J »nd roceiye tt. Waist is
made to or-'er from Ira-
j|Jm4?2K^Ss>§lV?\ TO'*"'* taffeta sClc. aaj com»
; 0&Mkmli^ GoilDITiCNS S2V21
I ¦ :^,*4\\iiM^'il^ll] w*l «• «»ta to h^ip pay
li 1 ' o«raKiadim Woato'i W wr,
tl; >Si^r:5!tey drwrrfbfnj Jawt fashion* tn SUie
VvV\ Vry&^&y Wilitr. Mid oUict »rtkie»of j~ir,
rU\ tosptttrr wirh -yax mfrrofaa ff co
W' • Si'c Uikt. T^h umiv.iaS lajuc~
m»nt Is made to ocre quickly Introduce onr (roods, and
If you wuit a SIHc Waist fVeap be pn»pt. Address
TIIE DE.VTOX CO.. XI* 1mm SC, *«» Tsrfe CtJ.
I Stoves
|The largest and $8 50 1
i finest assortment «o k
Bin San Francisco S35- 00 1
HI ¦ - * ¦ ¦ 3
§1 Send flv« cents In stamps for ¦
S postaga on new furniture catalog. 14
§ THE J. NOONAN 1
I FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), |
B IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET I
1 '-.%* ..; ABOVE SIXTH. S
I Pheai Soath It 8*a Fraasbco. 1
1-^ i The covered pass air*- I
HJllJinA wa y connecting these ;
X CIJ.UV/V tw0 immense struc- ;
' tures places nnder j
one management 1400 i
- ___ J rooms. 300 of which i
cHlCi have b^tha attached.
Tourists and travel-
— — — — —~~ ers from every section
-- j of the world recognize
¦ and appreciate the
\**- wiivi comfort?! and convenl-
_____—— — ences offered by these
hotels..
TT / - T rt]c American plan. Eu- '¦
JTIULCaS ropean plan.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K EA^*T AND WASHINGTON STa-RE-
" modeled and renovate}. KIXG. WARD &
co turopean plan. Rooms, 60c to II 50 day:
*° J° W we»k; S3 to HO month. Fre« baths: hot
?£!L *? water eve ry room: flre eratea la -very
room; elevator runa all night.street pier amid the farewell yells of the
crowd. A blonde your.g woman, whose
figure is a familiar one in San Francisco's
night life, was leaning over the rail hand
ing roses to friends with one hand while
in the other «*he gras-ped a bottle of
champagne. Behind her stood "Lucky
Baldwin, waving his black slouch hat in
adieu.
Following Is a list of the first cabin pas
sengers on tho Valencia:
L. B. .Keller. Erlck I 1 . Kahn. J. W. Oeslln,
M. N. Kimball. A. I,. Wiley. F. Schelly, Leone
Schillil?, J. K. Watnseott. Jcare Schilllff. A. F.
?kinn«»r. Otto Mir-!k<>, Frank Noon. J. W. Hlm
mHhouse, J7\ \V. Menorey. J. C. Catlln. B. C.
>'-rir*. Mrs. A. M. Iallp. W. W. McKlnnon, H.
II. Stocker, L. D. Albertl. Charles Waltz. Frank
Lcith. Walter Lyon. 1). C. P^ulbX G. A. Lane.
W. M. Moretand, II. W. Castle, Mrs. D. M.
McQ'iCTten. Mrs. P. Krauas. Miss C. G. Troy.
G. T. Rudflock. F. C. Lewis. H. B. Cloak. M.
A. Mitchell, J. P. Patery. A. Harazthy, B. A.
Harazthy, S. Phaen, J. M. Grtswold, E. W.
Doughty, T. W. l^klngton. D. H. Swetzer, C.
i=. IVek, F. E. Blaisdall. G. Vreewinlc. F. A.
Halsey. James Gates. O. G. Fairchlld. S. A.
Lovid. Dr. E. TV. I31d<5le. C. E. Bld<11e. Wade
Htone. Dr. J. S. Ptonf, W. D. Lawton, B. J.
Rice. John A. Munter, Mrs. K. Scliuhz. E. J.
Baldwin, David L'nruh, A. A. Bennett. R. RlnK
rose, A. Solano, J. Salas, W. Borrt. V. B.
Cosad. A. LaBcy, B. F. McQuIre, Alex Loumor,
I>. Goodfrle-nd, Ll Gcodfrltnd. J. Goodfrfe-nd.
H. ¦Moller. L.. Morganthen. Mrs. I'. Ptruken
b&ch. Mi*s H. Btruckenhach, T. R. Leahy. W.
J. Barker, W. A. Cunningham. O. A. Went
worth, Harvoy Ppenwr, Mrs. I*. Tyscn, ' Paul
Typcn, A. Wheeler. C. H. E. Hardln. G. H.
Hudson. S. M. Shaffer. I>r. W. II. Murphy.
Kuffene Wadf, "\V. H. Brown. John L.. Pchofield.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer St. Paul left Fremont-street dock
at 2:10 p. m. with 436 passengers. W. H.
Metson of the law firm of Reddy, Camp
bell & Metson sailed on her, accompanied
by his sister. "He will represent some of
the rich alien mine owners at Nome.
On the dock to bid farewell to Mr. Met
son were Frank Ames of the Ames Com
mercial Company. John Koster, P.udolph
Herold. Colonel F. *E. Beck, Attorney
John Kennedy; G. P. Gow, court reporter;
Frank C. Drew and Captain E. A. Reddy.
Mr. Metson will return In the fall.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury did not go to
Nome. It was decided yesterday morn
ing- her daughter stated, that she should
not attempt the trip In her present condi
tion of health. Mr. Salisbury went.' Ho
will represent a machinery firm and min
ing syndicate in the gold camp. .
T. P. Ryan. ex-District Attorney of San
Francisco, sailed on the St. Paul. Sena
tor Goucher of Freano and Senator J. J.
Boyce of Santa Barbara were also passen
gers.
An interesting passenger on the St. Paul
was Mrs. Susan Wordcn of Oakland.
Though S2 years of age. .she is going to
Nome to get rich along with the others.
Edward Holland, ex-Supervisor and for
mer proprietor of the Commercial Hotel,
was a passenger, as were the following
named San Franciscans: W. Raymond
Judson. Dr. \V. J. Gavlgan, ex-Police Ser
geant George Baldwin; Miss Jennie Long,
lecturer; Judge C. Johnson and wife; Joe
Levy, bookmaker's clerk: William Mc-
Clelland, horseman; Captain Luce, for
merly of the California volunteers; Loul3
E. Hanchett and Walter Gollln.
Tom Ford, formerly jailer at the Broad
way jail, went up to become foreman
stevedore for the Alaska Commercial
Company.
It is said that no vessel will be able to
reach Nome before June 15.
THEATER FOR NO MR
SEATTLE, May 26.— The steamer Santa
Ana sailed for Nome to-night with as
motley and interesting an aggregation of
fortune-hunters as ever, set sail for the
new gold fields. Her departure was the
event of the day on the water front.
The Santa Ana carried north about 450 '
passengers, Including the Standard The
ater, saloon and gambling house combina
tion, which in Itself numbers, forty-two
people.- The enterprise, of which the
Jinancial backers are John W. Consodine,
Thomsrs J. Consodine. George L. Abe, JS
P. Hosington, William Malloy and Mark
Norton, represents an investment of
about $100,000. ' •
The Standard combination's home will
be on one of the principal streets of Nome
City. The lot was purchased nearly t a
year ago at an expense of $10,000. On it In
a two-story building will be located the
theater, gambling house and saloon. The
shipment Included nearly half a. million
feet of lumber and thousands of dollars'
worth of scenery, greenroom - furniture
and other theatrical effects. 1
Passengers From Seattle.
SEATTLE, May 26.— Since the opening
of, the Nome rush, including. to-day's sail
ings, forty-seven craft; have left Seattle
for th© north carrying certified lists of
passengers v amounting .. to-'. 7216. Five
steamers are yet to go In the initial rush.
Traffic is in excess of all previous records
and expectations.
The deliberations of the Congregational
Congress in this city came to an end yes
terday, and the delegates, after a luncheon
served at the Third Congregational
Church, went sightseeing about the city.
Tho ministers will preacn to-day in vari
ous churches In this city, Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley. Tho four moderators
appointed by the congress have . arranged
the following congress sermons at 11
a. m.: First Church, San Francisco, Rev.
S. A. Xorton of San Diego: First Church.
Oakland, Rev. W. H. G. Temple, Seattle;
First Church, Alameda, Rev. K S. Forbes,
Santa Barbara; First Church, Berkeley,
Rev. ¦ W. C. Kantner, Salem, Or. This
evening - at .7:45 congress addresses will be
delivered in all the Congregational
churches In San Francisco, Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley on the subject of "The
Gospel of the Kingdom." There will be
two speakers at each church. Meetings
will be held Monday and Tuesday at the
First Congregational Church in Oakland
At the closing session of the congress
yesterday forenoon . W. G. Puddefoot of
Boston, speaking on "The , Work of the
Church in Winning Souls," said that win
ning souls was the business of the church
but the church had not always minded Its
business. It had fought against the new
astronomy, the new geology, Darwinism
and other things; The main thing was
not to explain about where 'Jain hia
wife or about Jonah In' tho whale's belly,
but to persuade men to believe In the Lord
Jesus Christ. . That was the essential
point. Imagine a hungry man refusing. to
eat bread -until he had learned all\ Its
chemical properties. • ' ¦¦
- J. L. Maile of ¦ Los Angeles discussed
"Present,.and Future Methods of Evan
gelism"and C..S. Nash of Oakland spoko
about ''Sources of Power.". Religion, hs
said, must be filled with thought. Man
would know science and history better
than he will religion' Just as long as
science- and history were taught, better.
Churches . contain I many I puny Christians,
and it was often the fault of the ministers
that the pews were empty. ; Men must be
taught something and the pulpit must
think. Thought and brooding must lead
to the higher life; ¦ ¦ not excitement and
80n e- - ilTOflLMlfflrtUMillUJLiifftof
Congregational Speakers Say
Thought Is Better Than
Excitement.
CHRISTIANS ARE
NOT CREATED BY
SINGING PSALMS
Scenes at Sailing of Steamers Valencia an 3 St. Paul.
hind with little enough to keep them, and
that littie will be nothing in many cases
If fathers who tiring of poverty have em
barked oa a desperate speculation do not
xneet with success. In the forbidding and
yet enticing land to which they have gone.
Surprise was created among many of
her friends who had assembled on- the
dock to bid hrr good-by by the failure of
Mr*. Monroe Salisbury, whose intended
<iet.'artt:re for Ncrne had been wildly ht-r
elocd, to rut in an Rpj-earance. The fact
that *!»<-¦ old not board the steamer was
subject for comment, as It was known she
had bought a U« ket and secured quarters.
The Valencia \va* sent out by the Pacific
Ft^am Whaling Company. She was In
rolendid condition and her parsengers
w«-re plad they had chosen fcer. She sailed
at 11:25 a. m.. with 45'J passengers. Cap
tain 1-anc In command. Amons thn«e who
went out on her was E. J.. titherwise
•'Lucky" Baldwin, who has spent so many
¦weary days of his life in litigation with
fair But susceptible young women. With
Baldwin were his manager, D. L'nruh, A.
A. Burnett and H. Ringrose. The former
millionaire takes throe portable buildings,
live hor?« s and two wagons and an outfit
for a gambling house. Ned Foster was to
have gone with IJaldwin and taken thirty
women, who were to have been employed
liv them in a <ls.nco hall. A few days ago
IJaldwin and Foster had a row. which re-
Fult<-d in a dissolution of the compact. It
wns understood that "Deacon" Jones was
co'-g .-ilr.r.g as Hocr manager for Foster
;.~d lialdwin and that he. had stowed
awav in h sacit of hams, not knowing the
»,., .-' r <^5hlp had bef>n dissolved. The ship's
obu-ors "went through the hams carefully,,
but th^ dcaron "was not located.
(i li Washburne. .saloon "man: , Dr.
V II Murphy. ex-I'rosecuting Attorney
¦\V>ntw<,rth. E>r- Stone and Cal Ewlng of
tho Custom-houpo were among the pas-
Harazthy, the wir.o man. and- his
brotner Kela, also ffail<*d on. the Valencia.
Ha-ry Johnson and Thomas McNamara,
boaiir.cn went along:, titkiue a Whitehall.
A Sola no took ten men and forty tons
'.{ froir;ht. • IjouIs Gocdttlend and three
Lrothers were passengers. They took
fizht horKf-s ard a bi<? outfit. C. E.' Har-
C'n .in<l <i. H. Hudson took five horses.
J. F\ Elwood. th<« Solraa oil kins:, was
fboard with A. B- and Klns^y Klwood.
IV E. FMyrar. a prominent mine owner,
.MM A. Lascy, a wv'J-knov.Ti surveyor,
r » went aione, as did Drs. J. Reolsle,
W. K. Keed. F. A. Chi Ids and W. >R.
Bcroffgs.
The, Valencia got away from Howaxd-
ure of the trip and a view of the unusual
rights they would witness. Many others
palied for the Icy northern land with their
fell staked on the venture and their minds
filled with anxiety as to the nr.al outcome.
Ti)' re are many women and babies left be-
v.hether they gained more than the pleas-
TV\"O more large steamers, the Valen
cia and the St. Paul, left San Fran
cisco yesterday for Nome, earning
nearly 1000 fortune seekers. There
vere the usual large crowds on the docks
ard the usual Intermixture of gayety and
tears. Many sailed away unmindful of
Two More Great Steamers
Go Out Well Laden.
"Lucky" Baldwin Sails Off With
Outfit for a Gambling
Establishment.
ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE JOIN EXODUS
TO THE GOLD FIELDS OF CAPE NOME
Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury Does Not:
Leave on the St.J
Paul for the Dig-;
Sings as She Had
Intended. :
4
Frank Baker, who distinguished him
self several days ago by eating a break
fast costing 12 73 in Swain's restaurant*
was held to answer yesterday by acting
Police Judge Barry on the charge of bur
flary. Baker -went to Swain's stables at
•Manning place and stole the hostler's
clothes, which no pawned.
Baker the Gourmand.
"Will Confer With Huntington.
SALT LAKE. "Utah. May 26.— A party of
prominent Union Pacific Railway officials,
including President Burt. General Man
ager Dickinson and Chief Engineer Berry,
arrived In this city to-day. They will hold
a conference with President Huntington
of the- Southern Pacific, who will arrive
in Salt Lake Sunday.
t ' ¦ ¦
Louis Kahn's Will.
.The will of Louis Kahn, who died May
22, was filed for probate yesterday. De
cedent bequeaths his entire estate to his
widow, Sophie Kahn.
For Benefit of St. John's Booth-
An entertainment and dance will bo
given next Saturday night at St. Mary's
College Hall for the benetit of St. John\<*
booth. Ladles' Fair, to be held next Au
gust. Some of the best talent in the city
has been engaged for the occasion and an
evening's enjoyment is assured. Dancing
will commence at 10:30 o'clock.
Presidio Outing Club.
The.I^-esidlo Outing Club, composed of
menlV» o f Court Presidio No. 40 of the
Forf+Ws of America and Presidio Circle
of tfJU Companions. of the Forest of Amer
ica will give Its fifth, annual outing to
Fairfax Park on Sunday, June 10.
Policeman Boukofsky Runs
Amuck in the Western
DRINK-CRAZED
"COP" SHOOTS
AT A SPECIAL
Policeman Boukofsky, while 'suffering
from an overindulgence in liquor, ran
amuck last night in the vicinity of Jack
son and Lyon streets.
After terrorizing P. O. Drlscoll, a grip
man, whom he Imagined was a footpad,
ho took a shot at Special Officer Helbush
for no other reason than that the special
refused to obey - his command to throw
up his hands! Fortunately the bullet went
wldo of Its mark. -As he again tried to
pull the trigger Helbush grabbed the re
volver and vainly endeavored to disarm
the frenzied policeman.
The. pistol shot attracted the attention
of Policeman Curry, and seeing the two
men struggling for the possession of the
weapon he drew his club and cracked
Boukofsky over the head, forcing him to
release his hold on the revolver. Although
partly stunned from the effects of the
blow, Boukofsky attacked Curry, but was
quickly subdued with the aid of the lo
cust. He was then handcuffed and taken
to the City Prison, where he was locked
up in the ¦ tanks. He will be formally
charged to-day with an assault to commit
murder. - - '
, Boukofsky,* who is attached to the north
end station, reported off duty at noon yes
terday. After leaving the station he vis
ited a number of saloons In the Western
Addition, and it wasjnoticed that he was
intoxicated. *
Shortly after 10 o clock last night Dris
coll the gripman, was pafjing through a
vacant lot near Jackson and Lyon streets
on his way home when he was J startled
by a command to halt. Turning around
he was confronted by Boukofsky, who
wore his star, pinned to the lapel of his
coat The drunken policeman had his pis
tol in his hand, and as he was within a
few steps of the. astonished gripman he
ordered him to throw up his hands.
'¦ "I've got: you at last," lemarked Bou
kofsky as he placed the muzzle of his re
volver , in dangerous proximity to Drls
eoll's head. "Come along with me or I'll
blow your brains out.": ¦ .
Driscoll, realizing, that the officer was
The Federated Mission Improvement
Clubs Debate Matters of
General Interest.
Representatives to the Federated Mis
sion Improvement Clubs resumed the dis
cussion on the Auditor's budget at a
meeting of that body last night. George
L. Ctnter, chairman of the committee ap
pointed to represent th • federation before
the Supervisors, stated' that much good
had already been accomplished In cur
tailing the extravagance of 'the Board of
Public Works and -the Health Depart
ment. In view of the provisions of the
charter, he Introduced the following,
which was adopted:
We hereby draw the attention of the Super
visors to the fact that by authority of article
II. chapter 2. section 1. rub-section 22 of the
charter, they are permitted to make a special
generaf plan, beyond the $1 limit, and we rec
ommend that this be done, so that more money
may be appropriated for other permanent Im
provements.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the secretaries of affiliated
clubs should call the attention of the members
of their clubs to the importance of aiding the
census enumerators, who will be engaged In
canvassing the city during the first two weeks
of June, and furnish them with such Informa
tion that will assist them In gettins an exact
count of the city's population. ?
C. F. Kimball of the Nuevo Potrpro
Club spoke of the necessity of removing
the County Hospital to some other sec
tion of the city. Accepting his views, the
Board of Health was urged to select the
House of Correction i-ite as recommended
by the Falrmount Improvement Club.
IF Father Torke has attacked the two
universities of California arid thn
school system of the State I know
nothing of it. I have not read this
morning's pnper and know absolutely
nothing of the stand taken by either
Father Yorke or President Jordan of Stan
ford University.
I thoroughly believe in the smaller col
leges, as I think they do their work aa
well as the larger institutions. As to the
remarks made ly President Jordan, if ho
did"- make them. I cannot answer. They
are. of course, his affiir. Some of our
greatest men are graduates of small col
leges, and I see no reaann why they should
not 'oiler nearly as good. 1* not as good,
curricula as many of the socalled great
institutions.
I do not think the teachers of the public
schools of this State should be chosen
only from the graduates of the University
of California and Stanford University. I
think thai would be. entirely unreasonable
and without method. I holieve the public
schools should stand by themselves. They
should stand alone and by their own
worth to the community. Every man is
privileged to h!s own opinion, and if Dr.
Jordan gave it u? his opinion that positions
in our school departments should be tilled
by graduates ef the two California uni
versities, to the exclusion of all others.
: that is only his opinion. My opinion 19
otherwise.
It is utterly impossible for me to give
an off-hand discussion of so Important a
question, and as I have nnt thought of It
or read Father Yorke's address I am in no
position to give a good interview on th©
subjects in question.
AUDITOR'S BUDGET
UP FOR DISCUSSION
SHE alleged quotations are not from
anything I have ever said. I believe
that" the "small college has a very
Important place in education, so long
• as its work is honestly done. If It
pretends to do what it has not the
means to do it impairs its own integrity.
There is no virtue in bigness, but there is
virtue in the strength to do what one pre
tends to do.
The university should welcome all re
ligious Influences as an adjunct to its
work, or as the formative spirit of its
work, but poor work is not made good by
being done under religious auspices. I
am sure that the large universities have
not the slightest desire to monopolize edu
cation or to exclude men trained elsewhere
from the privileges of scholarship. But
they believe that trained men are better
than untrained ones for the specific pur
poses of life. It, is. their business to train
men. Because they meet the needs of
many is the reason why they have many
students.
As for the . university which ''would
measure God's mercy with a yardstick
and weigh it on the tipping balance of a
grocer's scales," I have never mat such in
my travels. • It Is a. mere figure of speech.
The university exists for "the discovery
and dissemination of truth." and every
one who comes within speaking distance
of truth is a better man for the expo-'
rience.
It, is. of course, not true that "the cry to
take the public schools out of the hands
of the politicians is dishonest." or that it
is a cloak for some one's desire to control
them for himself. What we call "politics
in the schools" is simply the attempt of
certain persons to put their own relatives
or dependents into places designed for real
teachers. This is not politics. It is sim
ply personal corruption, and every good
citizen who understands the situation,
whether in a university or out, should
stand by the School Board of San Fran
cisco in Its efforts .to eradicate this evil.
The public schools are not corrupt be
cause they are public or because they are
secular. When they fail in this regard It
Is because of the lack of educated public
sentiment. The university would be rec
reant to Its duty If it did not do its part
to form such sentiment.
* . -. A.' L'^_J»
crazed from the effects of liquor, con
sented to accompany him to the Norts
End station. After they had walked a
short distance, during which Boukofsky
kept Driscoll covered with his revolver,
the gripman tripped him up and ran into
a garden. He took refuge behind a tree,
hoping that the liquor-crazed policeman
would not discover him. With an oath
Boukofsky followed him, and discovering
him hiding behind the tree ordered him
to ''come out" or take a chance on going
to the Morgue. As Boukofsky kept his
revolver trained on him. Driscoll. realiz
ing that he would not hesitate to shoot
him, agreed to go with him. ¦
"Run away again, hissed the intox
icated copper, "and I'll riddle you with
• Presenting the weapon against r>ris
coll's breast. Boukofsky ordered him to
follow him. After walking about a block
Driscoll again broke away from hl3 captor
and escaped from him by boarding a pass-
n Io S iikolsk C y talked up the street and
meeting Special Helbush covered him
with his pistol.
•'Say your prayers, commanded Bou
kofsky, '"for this Is tho night you die."
Helbush refused to obey the command
of the drunken policeman, whereupon
Boukofsky fired at him. The aim was un
steady and the bullet passed harmlessly
over the special's head. It wa3 at this
Juncture that Policeman Curry showed
up' and placed Boukofsky under arrest.
Boukofsky was before the old (Board of
Police Commissioners ; last October,
charged -with drunkenness. As it was his
first offense he was lot off with a $20 fine.
¦MARRIES, A. CONCERT SINGER
He Says the Youth Swore Falsely to
Obtain a License to Make An-
Pnette Lucky George His
Bride.
A 19-year-old boy's infatuation for a
blonde concert singer several >ears his
senior may be the means of sending him
to State's prison on a charge of perjury.
Herbert O. Lowry of this city obtained a
warrant yesterday afternoon In Oakland
for the arrest of his brother, Russell K.
Lowry, whom he accuses- of swearing
falsely when he took out a license Friday
to marry Miss Annette Lucky George.
The eider Lowry claims that his brother
perjured himself when he certified in the
presence of Deputy County Clerk Brown
ing of Oakland that lie was 22 years old
and the blushing-bride-to-be but IS.
The irate brother of the young man
called yesterday afternoon at the Dis
trict Attorney's office, and after a
long consultation with • Deputy Phil
Walsh of Alameda County swore to a
complaint charging the would-be benedict
with perjury. He paid that Russell was
but 19 years old and the woman had seen
more than the eighteen years named in
his brother's affidavit. To Deputy Walsh
he stated that both of the young people
have been employed as singers in various
San Francisco concert halls. Several
rrionths ago they met and each became in
fatuated with the other.
The pleadings of the young man's moth
er induced him to forsake his sweetheart,
but the blonde singer again won his af
fections. Finally Lowry was induced to
sign an affidavit to the effect that he was
being hounded by Miss George. This doc
ument was shown the woman by Herbert
Lowry, with the hope that she could thus
be' Induced to forsake the object of her
affections. •¦
For a time the couple kept apart, but
Friday they went to Oakland di
reqtly to the office of the County Clerk,
where young Lowry asked for a marriage
license. AVhen Mrs. Lowry, the mother of
the youth, learned what had happened.,
she became hysterical and now lies at her
home in a precarious condition. The elder
brother, Herbert, was more logical, and
concluded that Russell would be better
off in jail than as the husband of Annette
Lucky George.
The warrant for Russell Lowry s arrest
was placed In the hands of a Constable.
It is presumed that the ceremony was
performed by some Oakland clergyman
who had not tiled the certificate up to last
night. The couple returned to this city
and went to the rooms occupied by the
bride at 402 Turk street. Lowry evidently
feared the wrath of his relatives, for he
remained with his bride but a few hours,
when he departed hastily for Placer
County.
The relatives of young Lowrj' are deter
"mlne<r~t<r r prevent*nlm from living with
the woman. After causing a warrant to
.be issued in Oakland for his arrest, his
¦'brother visited the office of Captain of
Detectives Seymour and asked him _to
lend his efforts in locating the love-smit
ten youth. As It was thought that young
Lowry might be with his "bride in her
room on Turk street Detective Anthony
was sent there to ascertain and inciden
tally to have an interview with Mrs.
Lowry As the detective entered the room
he was pleasantly greeted by the woman.
She informed him that her husband was
in Placer County and that she was about
! to join him. Her trunk was already
I packed, and as it was nearlng train tim«
I she was anxious to start for the ferry.
i Anthonv insisted that she accompany
J him to" Captain Seymour's olHce. which
I she did under protest. By the time she
I reached the City Hall tho train which
she intended to take pulled out, compell
ing her to wait until to-day before join
ins: her husband.
"This is an outrage." she remarked to
Captain Seymour. "Here I have been de
layed from meeting my dear little hubby
by his relatives, who are trying to make
trouble for me. I am no spring chicken,
and they will find it out before they get
through with me."
The brother of Lowry wanted Captain
Seymour to arrest the woman for vag
rajicy, but this he declined to do. Mrs.
Lowry says, she will start for Placer
County to-day, despite the threats of the
Lowrys to detain her.
The bride lias been singing In local con
cert halls and has just completed an en
gagement at the Oberon.
Herbert G. Lowry Wants His
Young Brother Arrested
lUi rciiiiiyi
LOVE FOR A
BLOND MAY
LEAD TO JAIL
President of Stanford University
Says He Never Made the State
ments Attributed to Him.
Jordan and Wheeler Reply
to Fattier Yorke.
NOT OPPOSED TO
SMALL COLLEGES
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
Usual Crowds Were
Gathered on the
Docks to Witness
the Departure of
Argonauts.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
President Jordan said:
President Wheeler said:
FATHER YORKE'S CRITICISM
ON THE UNIVERSITIES
¦*
THE presidents of the two great educational Institutions, tho University of
California and the Inland Stanford Jr. University. have declared that
the pupils of our schools should be tausrht only by graduates from
theli* universities. Why should in Is be so? The schools were built for the
pupil and riot for the teacher. The San Francisco School Board baa suggested
a new system by which it claims only the truly pood may be realized, and
in order that their scheme may be carried out pet Presidents Jordan and
Wheeler to prepare plans by which th<» teachers of the future are to be chosen.
It Is high time for the public schools to so out of business when they put a
monopoly upon education and the sole suppliers of the teachers in this State
are the two great universities.
The president of Berkeley is a clergyman. Suppose a priest was appointed
to any position In the university, a howl would go up that would shake your
heels. There is only one way. and that Is for Catholics to have their own
schools and colleges. President Jordan of Stanford says: "Give a ten-dollar
boy a hundred-dollar education and it won't make him a better man." Give a
ten-cent professor a J1COO salary and It will not make him worth a bit more.
President David Starr Jordan tells us how the education of the future
must be from the great colleges and not from the small colleges. He would
make the great private college at Palo Alto the same Institution In education
as the Standard Oil Company is in business. Some of our learned public edu
cators are of tne opinion that the principal danger of civilization Is from the
interference of the politician in the public schools. The cry of "Take the
public schools out of the hands of the politicians" Is dishonest." It simply
means "Take it away from this element and bestow it upon those who favor
U3."Production of the College Farce Concludes the
Second Day of Commencement Exer
cises at Stanford*
FACULTY TRIUMPHS OVER
SENIORS AT BASEBALL
Woe of the Seniors at the Faculty-
Victory Over Them. '^S'^i
By the shades of "Pop" Anson, Jim
Keefe, Mike Kelly, John Clarkson and a
hundred other heroes, of the national pas
time In a generation of long ago, there is
such a thing as elixir of life.
The Faculty 11. Seniors 10, In the annual
professor-student mlx-up on the Stanford
diamond proclaims the fact. A nine of
Ino graduating clas3 composed of a num.-
THE GAP AS VIEWED •"
BY ONE OF THE ALUMNI
...: Miss Alice Joiner, '03
Hazel Elnks, Harris' steady
Miss Helen Bmlth. '03
Synoppls of scenes— Place, Stanford. Time,
Now. . Act I.— Drawing-room Professor Binks'
house. Act II. — Scen« I — Quad. song. "The
Actor'B Confession," by C. B. Strohn. "00. Scene
2— Patagonia, the 'inks Installed. Happenings.
Act III.— Patagonia song, "One, Two, Three,'"
by L. MeF. Bowman, 'OL .Songs, "Berkeley
Tales," by Bristow Adams, '01. Mrs. Binks to
the rescue. -^
Senior farce committee — Miss Henry. Miss
Stark, Miss Coblentz, H. J. Wlel, H. W. Chap
rel, F. B. Riley, J. T, Nourse, C. B. Strohn,
chairman.
II. J. WIM, '00. musical director; W. M. Erb,
'01. stage director.
. ?
dentally Mayfleld life Is seen. The plot
ehows two elderly college professors who
have taken a notion to visit Patagonia
on a voyage of exploration and original
research. -The wife of one of the profes
sors, who does not want her husband to
make the trip and who does all in her
power to prevent It, succeeds in ridicu
lously complicating matters. Then follows
a series of petty larcenies, misrepresenta
tions and arrests. It Is in extricating the
victims from the meshes of the law that
the author's greatest tact Is displayed and
the most exciting scenes originated. After
a merry time In a place near Mayfleld,
which a scheming student represents as
Patagonia, the professors cast off the in
fluence of a somniferous potion and dis
cover that they have never left their ac
customed haunts. In the end all comes
out well and all concerned are reconciled
to each other.
The class is highly pleased with the
financial •outcome of the venture and uni
versal satisfaction is expressed with tho
character of the play. Following is the
cast:
Tuttle. Stanford "94, '85. '98, *97, '98, '99, '00,
back to college Frank Branch IUley, '00
Harris, a former friend of Tuttle •
Ray \V. Thompson. '01
Professor Blriks, a married man with a mis
sion w. M. Erb. '01
Professor Jinks, friend and sympathizer....
Eugene Warren, '01
Professor Kink?, from Cornell and dumb....
G. Sobey, '01
Jay Dn-"eTn-up, a wizard "1
Acton Nevereat. advanced agent VF. Corbusier, '01
Mary, a domestic J
Billy Brownell. a constable \
James Aeotreno, willing to work JC. B. Strohn, '00
Hottentots
Mrs. Binks. the second one.. Miss C. Sobey, '01
Ethel BInks. who likes Tuttle
Chicago. Beats Brooklyn by a Score of
One to Nothing.
'NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubr— W. L.. Pet. j Clubs— V,'. V. Pet
Philadelphia IS 10 .643iplttcburg ....I? 15 .r,16
Brooklyn ....W 12 .6t»)'Clnrlnnat! ...12 18 42">
Chicago 17 13 .56T;New York....l» J7 .370!
S^t. Louis U 13 .r.3Gi Roston 8 18 .30*!
PITTSBURO. May 26.— Plttsburgr tried three
I'ltchers. but nothing c.->u!d stop New Yorfc's
b:-.ltinK streak and Carrick kept the few hits
he save well scattered. Attendance, 6500.
Pitt^hurg i 64
New York 13 . 16 3
Batteries— Tann«>hill. Cheebro. Flaherty and
Ziminrr: Seymour. Carrick and Warner. Um
pire — O'Day.
CHICAGO, May 26. — The Champions were
ehut out to-day In one of tho cleanest and
most perfectly played KameB of the season. For
nevcn innines but one Chlcacoan grot as far
as third, -while but three of the visitors reached
second. Chllds started the eighth with a clean
«in£le, took eeeond and Mertes first on De
moiitreville'B fumble. A long fly advanced
Chilris to third. wh»nee he scored the only run
on Green's third safe hit. Attendance 7800. Score:
Ol'jbs— H. H. E.
Chlrano 1 10 0
Brooklyn 0 6 1
Batteries— Callaban and Chance; Kltson ami
FarrelL Umpire— Emelle. .
CINCINNATI. May 26.— Newton was invinc
ible, for five inninca \o-day. allowing but one
hit. In the sixth the failure of Beckley to
1 catch an eacy fly which f «J1 safe put Newton In
the air, arid his wildness lost the game. : Cuppy
was effective throuchout. AttendiAce 12W.
Score: . . ¦" ; •/• ~ : ( '.\ ,
Cincinnati 4 '«?/' i
Dorton .' • ; 9 8 3
i Batteries — Newton and Wood; Cuppy ajid
Clark. Umpire — Swartwood.
ST. IjOUIS. May 26.— St. Louis and Philadel
phia played an ezdtln* game to-day, St. Louis
winning out In tbe ninth inning by timely bat
ting. Attendance 40,000. Score:
Clubs-^ R. H.'-E.'
St. Louis :..'. .*.: 6 11 3
Philadelphia 5 11 3
Batteries— YounK and Robinson; Orth, Piatt
and McFarl&nd. Umpire — Hurst. •
American League Games.
BUFFALO, May 26.— Buffalo 3. Kansas City 5
CLEVELAND. May 26.— Cleveland 7, Chi
caco 0. .
INDIANAPOLIS. . May 26.— Indianapolis 11,
• MinneajTolis 0. .
DETROIT. May 28.— Detroit 2. Milwaukee 4.
CHAMPIONS SHUT OUT.
Rice's famous historical extravaganza.
'•14P2, or the Discovery of America," iTrew
e large audience at both performances
yesterday and proved by far the greatest
success of the t-reason. It was elaborately
mounted and costumed and a new march
cf pretty girls, arranged by Charles H.
Jones, pleased the audiences and had to
be repeated. The ca.st proved an excel
lent one. Edwa.nl B. Adams- as Queen
Isabella scored a hit and completely oh
fcured the memory of Harlowe in that
r^rt. Oforge I^ydlnjr was admirably made
i:p as Columbus and was loudly encored
for hip vpkndH rendition of Mascajrnl's
"Ave Maria." He and IxjuIsp Royce. who
appeared op the Infanta, were very suc
rr.^ful in a pretty duet in the first act.
lsaboll<» t~nderw<>c,d's contralto voice wa.«
heard to good atlvantage in a charming
Konp. "The Vivandiere." Arthur Woolcy
convulsed the audience as a boy of 4
j-fars of a*re and an Irish policeman.
Harry C. Ca.'hman was an amusing f«»at
ixrf of the programme as th«» King of
Fpain and a tramp. Douplas Flint had a
conponlal roV as the royal treasurer and
Ethel Straehan cleverly portrayed a
Tiewsho?. "ll'.C" Fhouid draw crowded
houses the whole week, for it affords a
delightful entertainment and is a happy
combination of pretty women, pretty
mu?ic. 'handsome costumes, picturesque
Bcenery. clever comedians and merry
jests.
RICE'S 1432 MAKES
HIT AT THE GRAND
When tbe game closed the faculty had
11 runs to their credit, while the seniors
had tallied but 10. Following is tho way
the teams lined up:
Faculty. Position. Seniors.
Richardson ..'..,... .Catcher LanaKan
Kiph Pitcher Braden
Jordan First base Dutton
KplloRi?(capt.) Second base Cofiln
Hosklns Third base Roberts.
Newsom ....Short etop .Hawley
Heath Left field Strohn
"Wing .....Center field. ..Murphy (capt.)
Mane Uight field Davis
To-night the senior farce was given in
the Assembly Hall beiore a large au
dience. The play, entitled "To Have and
to Hold," 13 the work of John S. Briscoe,
ex-'OO, and is a very clever production
dealing with college affairs. The scene Is
j laid about the Stanford campus and lncl-
As it was, sensational plays were of or^
dlnary occurrence, Ncwsom at short and
Jordan at first developing the most re
markable team work «een on the field.
In justice to the class team it must be
said that they were somewhat handi
capped by an agreement with the faculty
players whereby Varsity men were not
allowed to play in their regular positions
in the Infield. For this reason Lanagan,
for two years pitcher on the cardinal
nine, was put behind the bat. while
Strohn, captain and second baseman, was
forced out into the field, where he could
do them little damage.
At half-past 10 o'clock this morning, the
scheduled time for the faculty-senior
baseball game, a large crowd was gath
ered on the diamond, curious to catch a
glimpse of the odd costumes which the
seniors were expected to wear. When the
baccalaureates appeared dressed as old
men of a decidedly agricultural type the
merriment was intense. So complete was
the disguise that even the players' best
friends were unable to distinguish them.
The game was close and interesting
throughout. President Jordan appeared
in his baseball uniform and held down the
Initial bag to the distinction of himself
and his team. Everything that came his
way was his. unless the ba.ee runner hap
pened to bump in to the reverend doctor
and jostle the sphere from his hands. Af
ter the first inning tho faculty had the
long end of the score anx^held it through
out the contest. Fish and Richardson,
both Varsity men when in dollege. were
the battery for the professors, and did
much to keep down their opponents'
scored runs.
STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, May 26.-
The second day of the commence
ment' festivities . was successfully
carried out'; before an Increased
number of visitors. Parents, eisters,
cousins and sweethearts of the members
of the graduating class have flocked into
Palo Alto until every hotel and residence
is filled to overflowing. These, together
with the large number of students who
have remained to witness the graduation
of the class of 1900, comprise the largest
and gayest crowd that have ever attended
a Stanford commencement.
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Snapshots at the Stanford Baseball Game.
ber of players from the university nine
and clever enough substitute ball-toshers
to fill in bowed its collective head and bit
the dust of defeat before an august aggre
gation headed by Dr. Jordan. It was
awful — not the ball playing but the blow
to the seniors.
For four long years they have nursed
the pain of faculty intervention in many
affairs of student life as semester after
semester passed by, only to be turned
down at the sundown of college days by
a miserly hand of fate that refused to
turn up a single ace-spot of a run in the
culminating inning of the game yester
day.
In this traditional contest at Stanford
it is customary for the seniors to defeat
their superiors in intellectuality by a
score ranging anywhere from 42 or 82 to
a couple or nothing.
The seniors looked as if they felt tired
when the umpire shouted play, and a
thousand chattering co-eds on the side
lines dropped suddenly into an expectant
Bllence, ready to observe a pride of the
university knock the cover off the
spheroid, punch -a big Mauser bullethole
through Professor-Pitcher Fish or smash
a window or two in Encina "Gym."
But he didn't; It was nothing but a lit
tle single, and Instead of a display of
pyrotechnics in the first inning calcu
lated i to raise that side-stepping Fourth
of July feeling forty flays ahead of time,
the scorer's bell only sounded once. That
was when "Chet" Murphy, the versatile
athlete of football fame, tore off that
opening hit and pilfered third a moment
later. On the next move he plunked a
hole in the home plate for that lonely
tally. » *
The faculty stand had been great, the
stellar performance of President Jordan
at first causing open-mouthed wonder, and
the lithe, quick work of the twirllne
"Prof not so much the merriment of
other years as a bit of hidden respect.
Then the "Profs" went to bat, threw
zoology, mathematics, chemistry, botany
ichthyology, mechanics and a few other
"ologles" to the four winds and sailed
right in on the curves of the senior pitch
er. "Prof." Kellog bunted like Keeler of
Brooklyn. Wing worked his base by tak
ing a fast one in the ear with notable
stoicism. Richardson was out of it on ac
count of misconnections. Heath dumped
an easy one at a bearded senior infielder,
who had evidently seen the wee hours,
and so juggled the ball, and the bases
were full.
Dr. Jordan then came to the bat. Now
you can run through nine years of Fac
ulty-Senior game records and you will find
that the president has his off years and
his "on" years, as a hitter. In '99 he swept
the atmospherfe with graceful motion each
time he attempted to connect. Anyway
the ¦ curves of Pitcher Braden came up
easy, and it was pickin' cherries for the
doctor. -There were fireworks to burn and
runs over the rubber slab in the twink
ling of an eye. Then the debris was
cleared away, an inventory taken and it
wan found and entered among the hiero
glyphics of the score book - that the faculty
was two runs to the good in the ice box.
But fate took its inning again, and while
the senior tallies ran to five, and then to
ten, the faculty notched up eleven, and
i there it stood until tho end.
"Woodland Boys "Win.
Eneclal Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. May 26.— The field day be
tween the "Woodland High School and
Armijo High School. Solano County, was
won by Woodland. The score was 21 to IS.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN WILL
RACE FOR FORTY MILES
San Jose the Destination To-Day of a
Score of the Club's Clever
Boad Eiders.
Th Olympic Club Wheetaea wtU fcava a
big club run to San J030 to-dar. taklns
the 8 p. ro. boat and staxtins tronx Fruit
vale on the forty-milo ride at 9 o'cioclt.
Upon their arrival at San Jos* ta« Garden
City "vVheelinen will tender th© Olymslcs
a reception and banQtiet. Th» Olysipies
•will then turn over to th* Garden Cizya
the relay trophy won by the Olycjptcs la
the recent lOO-mile race, ths aan Jos«
club having been awarded U oa a tschci
callty.
Ther* also b» a forty-nii:» rc*i rac«
from Frultvalo to San Jcs<> to-day. rar~
tlclpated In by the Olympio riders Tfct /
management of a larsre San Jos# hostelry *
ottered a valuable trophy, and the Olyra
pic Club added several prizea. Th* result
Is a handicap with fourteen clever soeet!
merchants to contest It. Th» sturt will bo
made from Frultvale at D a. ra. This Is
the first biff long-dlstar.e* road race rid
den for some tlm* In this district, and the
result Is awaited with Interest by the
clubmen. The entries and handicaps are
aa follows:. , ". .
Start at 10 a. ro. ('.!-.!!>. EJdio Adams. J. F..
Bolger, H. Cbchraa. i'red Howe; 10:05, J. Eph
raim. M. Pavi«. . J. W". Ktucsley: 10:11. Charles
Long. J. Hobson. I» II. Smith. Kobert Hender
son: 10:18. H. 8. ZULllay. P. >f. Ilanaa. E. O.
Kragnesa.
Captain Thomas O. Splllane, assisted by
Lieutenants L. H. Smith and E. F. Russ.
will look out for the run. while President
James W. Mullen will have coarse of tho
road race.
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— Sacramento
defeated Oakland to-day in the most hot
ly contested game of the season. The
gume was replete with long drives and
pnappy fielding. The excellent work In
the field kept down the number of hits
and kept up the interest. Score:
SACUAMENTO.
AB. B, DII. BB. PO. A. E.
KrUniehlin. 1. f 5 1 2 1 4 0 C
Ix-verejiux. 3b 4 0 3 0 110
i:.ir:iii. b. b 4 0 0 0 I C 0
Hushte, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Hanlon. lb 4 2 I 1 13 0 0
BtanleK-. c 2 0 10 2 0 0
Ucyle.fp 4 0 1 0 1.8 0
Pyne, c. f.... 3 0 2 12 0 1
Stultz. 2b 2 10,0010
'Totals ....33 4 11 3 27 11 ~1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Fcbm«>er. 9. 8 4 1 1 0 8 ' 3 0
Hammond, c 3 'j 1 2 3 4 0
Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 2 0 6 10
Havdie, r. f 4 0 10 110
Dualeavy, 1. f 4 0 10 6 0 0
Praacka. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
I-anpe, Sb 4 0 0 0 10 1
Drennan, c t 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Sfffant, p 3 0 0 *0 0 3 0
•Bevllle 10 0 0 0 0 0
— — — ____
Totals S3 3 6 2 27 15 • 1
•Batted for Steffanl. '
HUNS AND HITS BY INKIXGa
Sacramento 01002100 0 4
ltase hits 0 2 2 12 2 10 1—11
Oakland 210000000—3
Base hits 4 10010000—6
SUMMARY.
Runs r«pon=lble for— Doyle 2, EtefTanl 3. Home
run— Mcl-Aughlin. Two-base hits— Hanlon, Dev
treaux 2, Hutehlnnon. First base on error?—
Harramento 1, Oakland 1. First base on called
balls— Ddj-Ij 1, Ste2anl 4. I>?ft on bases—Sacra
mento 6. Oakland 6. Struck out — By Doyle l
by StelTani 2. Balk— Doyle. Double plays—
Fraiickn to Hutclilnson to Hammond; Hammond
to Fraiicks; Francks to Sehmeer to Hutchinnon
Time of game— 1 hour SO minutes. Umplre-1
Graves. Scorer — I. C. Nathan.
Sacramento Defeats Oakland.
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Whalen. Two-base hits—
McHire, Iirockhoff. Klrst base on errors— Pan
Franoi«co 2, Stockton 6. First base on called
tiallF — San Francisco 7, Stockton 1. Left on
hasp's — Pan Francisco 8. Stockton 9.. Struck out
— By Fitzpatrlrk 6, by Whalen 1. Hit by pitcher
— IUldobrar.d, Moore. Double plays— Babbitt to
Loekhead to Streib; Whalen to Lockhead to
Streib. Passed balls— Sullivan 2. Time of game
— 1:50. Uinplre — IXmohue. Official Scorer — J.
\V. fctapleton.
Totals 34 3 7 4 27 14 2
RUNS AN'D HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
U^se Jilts 0 0 0 0 0 0 11 0—2
Stockton 0 0 10 0 2 0 0 •— 3
Base hits 0 112 0 2 10 •— 7
Stockton 3, San Francisco O.
I'nole Hank's outfit of erratics sustained
their reputation yesterday afternoon on
the Kecreaiion prour.ris by the commission
of a plethoric number of errors and stick
work that was rot worth half of 30 cents.
With whirlwinds of dust and now and
then a sensational play tho game was any
thing hut Ihf torrid, exciting kind that
warms tlie heart of the fanatics.
Few hits and local errors tell the tale.
Wbaleo whs 'Uijdiscovcruble during the
entire pamo. nnd "Fitz" was not inund
Often eriougrli to account for the result of
the same, ri'i'ly nnd Schwartz made an
Infield about eecosd base that was like a
nleve. Uncla'sT'chcree in placing the Im
ported catcher at short was a dire failure.
Until Ihe third Inning the game pro
gressed without run-making. With two
men relegated to the benches the Siough
City team sent Whalc-n over the rubber.
By. a failure to»exercise a few of his stiff
jo"intK Rube Levy allowed the Stockton
pitcher to be credited with a three-ba«ger.
1'aee. p.«-xt at tbe bat. swatted a hot one
to Schwartz, i.nd a Juggle was instru
mental for the run by Stockton.
In the sixth Frisco began it? regular er
ror stunt. Ftn.M'o making two bags on
Schwartz's fumble and Roir? to (.bird on
Harpers safe bunt. Then Morrow flew to
liroekhoff. who made a sensatior.a! one
handod catch. Another error by Schwartz
scored Harper, and still another was re-
BPonsiMe for Courtney and Moore's occu
pancy cf the baps. Pabst followed in er
ror work and the baprs were tilled, but no
farther runs were scored. Moore being
caufeht at wcoad and Babbitt rtrildiK out.
After this; nothinjr was done in the way
of run Betting. The score is:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. It I?H. PR. TO. A. E.
Brorkhorr. c. t 4 0 1 0 2 1 1
HiiJrbn.nrt. r. f 2 \ *» } 1 1 «
SchwwtX B. s= 2 0 10 10 8
SolUvan. c 3 0 0 « S i 1
l'abst. lb 4 0 0 0 9 10
Lew. 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Helily. Tb 4 0 0 0 Z 2 2
Peeite Sb 2 0 ' 0 0 0 0 0
Fitrpatrlck. r * 0 ® ° J J _^
Totals IS o C 1 :« i: 7
STOCKTON.
AB. K. 1JII. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt. 2b 4 0 0 « • 5 5 0
Lockhead. t. b 4 0 1 1 3 S 2
l>a~<> c 4 0 0 12 10
Streib. lb 4 1 0 0 13 0 C
Harper, r. f 4 19 110 0
Morrow c. t 4 0 0 0 1 0 ¦> 0
Courtney, l. f 3020100
Moore, 2b 3 0 10 13 0
Whalen, p 4 13 10 2 0
Whalen Was Not to Be Found and
Uncle's Players Behaved Out
rageously on Field and
at Bat.
Stockton Wins First Game
of Series in Very Easy
and Quiet Style.
ERRORS GALORE
AND A FEW HITS
BY HANK'S MEN
Resolved, That cogmizant of the ur.selftsh and
continuous efforts of tbe California Flsa Oom
mlyMon la the rr.attf r of finij protection. i>ar-
Iteularly in the manner or calling this conven
tion together and In securing the attendance of
|-*-preeetita.tive pime proCactoro. the thanks of
this convention be ternJei-ed t.o The California
Kish Commission, and be it further
Resolved. That this convention indorse the
work of the California Kish Commission am in
fliigent. economical and efficient, and be It
luriher •
Jie?olved. TTiat the thanks of this convention
be tendered to the Olympic Gun (Tub for its j
tenerosity a:. :'..•.?¦- In the matter of plac- !
Ing Its assembly rooms at iht <Hfi>oni1 of this
convention ajid for the uniform courtesy shown
t-y the olub and its Individual merr.t>er?.
After adjournment the. sportsmen pro
c-"«-ded to crpariize the California Game
dud Fish Protective Association. H. T.
J'ayne was elected temporary chairman
tiii-1 S. C. St. John of Fresno temporary
FecretazT. The constitution and by-laws
prepared in. advance were then read and I
lidoptc-d. T)iirty-one members then '¦
Kipnod the membership roll and deposited i
fl each for the privilege. An election of
fifficers followed and resulted in Mr.
l'ayen being electfvi president; George K.
Uarretson of San Francisco. S. C. St. John
cf Fresno. "\V. S. Kittle of San Jose. TV'. E.
<"ook of Humboldt and A. M. Iiaj-ker of
Pan Jose vice presidents, and George H.
E. Jackson secretary and treasurer. The
president then appointed the following
committees:
Membership— Dr. C. W". Hfbberd. Sin Fran
eifceo; J. "Walter Scctt, Oakland, and W. S.
Kittle, San Krancisr-o.
AuditlnK— W. c. iiennett, Gilroy; Dr. J. XV.
Have*. <Jra*s Valley: V.". C. Kennc-<Jy, Fresno;
I>. T. J. KJgcomb. fc"hafta» and J. M. Morrison,
F.irramento.
Executive — C. M. Delshaw, Antloch; A. r>.
Jordan. San Diego: Andy Ferguson, Fresno;
A, P. Redington, iianta Barbara, and W. C.
Conk. Eur.ka. .
County organization and county repreeenta
tion^-C. 11. liclshaw. A. M. Harker, Gforg*
Aiiimc, T. H. IJurkey and Georse H. Jackson.
Tran?rwrtation— Dr. Hltberd, J. "VV. Scott and
W. P. Kittle.
An adjnurarnent was taken until the second
Thursday In f>ptetnTx*r, when the organization
will meet In this city.
¦¦pot-hunters" tn various towns are in tne
bkblt ot using These weapons in the
fclaughter of gunie.
An t-JTort was mad« V)y a delegate from
Pan L»g!> to a. rocommendation that tho
auck st-a!~on bt-gin in September, but this
was voted down. Mr. i'ayne oftered &
rt-solutioa which hau for its object the
Riving- of quail Cor hunters. He proposed
to make it Illegal to fell the d«lectablc
bird on the market; but his resolution was
Blso vott-d down.
The troublesome question as to whether
the "possessory clause" should apply t<>
market otalers was finally disposed of in
favor of the latter clans." The ju.3U.ry
rommittee was instructed to prepaid u
new clause, mainiaininjj- the pos<i-s^or>
claur«, but Bu worded as not to apply to
dealers. The following resolutions were
adopted and the convention then ad
journed: *- • .""" .'.¦
It ¦Riil be rocommtuded tothelx-gislature
tha.t ail constables, marshals anu sheriffs
bt- made «.-x.-oi:iCio K^out v.aj-Uetis, ajiti it
will be a misdemeanor if they utgleci the
aiities prescribed i'or tht-sn.
The convenUoD £iso went on record as
opposed to repeating sn&ijjuss. The
reason for this is ciue to tho fac: iliat
It Eha.W be unlawful ior *-teiLniship or railroad
company's ti> receive tor Btm&uest irom one
f*n>on in one «inv more tlmn u»«* bug limit pre
scribed by 1&.W, viliti!! Is: 1-Hj;-k>, -jUtti!, *v.ii«:,
curlew or ibis. C;. bird* u. <ii;y; raii. -> binl» a
day; dove*. Ml !iir.is. • Uay: Lliuk brajjt. 8 lurds
m. day. k-a*h p«ukas^ tor shipment must be
left op^n fur ii::iecL!un.
The entire moraine tcs-sion was devoted
to a consideration of the '/possessory
clause" arul Ihe ivpuri pi the committee
of fifteen on various; amendments. i;i t!:»?
main the report ot «1j« committee was
t»aoi>iec. but a few of ttie measures imru
dUCM wen* voted down. As a result ot
tht* deliberation* the following recom
nienditions received ihe unanimous ai>-
I>rovaJ of i!ie convention:'
After completing its labors, which will
!n all probability result In laws bring
passed by ih^ t>ta.i<? I>»pi:?lature at its
r.ext t-esMon viiiloU will have for their ob
jfu:t the reservation of game usicl tho pro
¦vontion of useless extermination of the
wild birds ar.d quadrupeds by. ruthless
hunters, the State t?j,»ortinicii's Conven
tion aajourtifti yesteixiay.
4. Powerful Organization Formed ta
Protect Wild Birds and Quad
rupeds—Names of Officers
and Committees.
Sportsmen Adopt Important
Recommendations and
Adjourn.
DRAFTED MANY
LAWS FOR THE
SAVING OF GAME
ti*\T * ¦ -
There was some fine coursing tn the> nm
clo-wn of the open stake yesterday at In
gleslde Coursing Park despite the fact
that the high wind In the afternoon handi
capped the dogs materially. The hare*
were a fast lot, though in the last coursea^
.they acted badly, refusing to take a
straight field and at times refusins to
run - -..•¦>
borne good short-ends won out, the best
being Naughty Girl against Mercy May
at 4 to 1.* After running an undecided last
Thursday's stake winner showed that the
hard work In that event had told en, her
and the old dog lost by a score of 6 to 4.
O'Shea Brothers' Young America start
ed the programme and ran away from
Jslght lime, btating that dog pointless
lie la looked upon as me best dog in the
stake and it would be surprising, consid
ering his condition, not to see him a con
testant in the last run to-day.
Kay Brothers' Hawker beat Delia M
and ran a trreat race, ills chances tn get
well down in the big mosey look good.
Master Lawrence, altet running two un
, decidods. got the decision from Motto in
a big score course. Hid chancea looked
1 bright for to-day, but yesterday's hard
work will tell against him with Wander
lr £ lorn, who should beat him to it
Ihe course between Arab and Go On
wa 3 another Instance? where It required
three trials before a decision was reached
Oo On got the flag— acore, 9 to 5.
The park management has decided to
give the midweek stake Wednesday in
stead of Thursday for next week and the
drawing for the event is booked for ilon-
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Rellly's official scores:
Op«n T stake-O-Phea Bros.' Ymin-r America
beat 11 J. Kelly'. 4 Nipht Time, i-0- T J
Cnmin's MaM of Hall beat K. Bennett's' Rey
Si,;!7\ : 9 S , hea I;r09/ Golden Rule beat N.
I. Whiting s ttadena, g-3; D. K. Carttcr-s Hltr*\
Jinks beat Dan O'Connell'a Satan, ft-1; Russeli
Allen & Wilson's Chicago Hoy b»»at James
Byrnes' Battleship, 3-1; J. Potter's Remus beat
G. Abercromble's Irma, 3-2: P. Brophy's
Benlcla Boy beat J. Collins' Richmond Kins.
4-0; P. Joiner's Ever Shore beat E. 11 Kel
lopg's Ben'a Rabe. 5-0; J. McNeil's Black
Hawk beat to we & Thompson's Prince Hal
9-4; J. Edmonds' Mornir.sj Glory beat M J*
Welch's Mllldale. 8-6; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
beat P. Joiner's Wine West. 12-5; C. O. Peter
eon's Silver Cloud beat Bartels Bros.' Betsy
Barrow, 4-0; G. W. Hetntz's Rustic Beauty
beat Joe Perry's Commodore Nash, 8-3; A Van
den Burg's Naughty Girl beat O'Shea Bros."
Mercy May. 6-4; J. H. W. Muller's Moonstone
beat Connell Bros.' Keystone. 9-3; Connell
Bros.' Good-By beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Hyden Belle, 10-7; J. Rock's Minerva beat D.
Toland's Twilight Jr.. 6-4; C Bonner"s WUJ
Xorah beat B. Dean's Free Silver Boy. 4-0;
Kay Bros.' Hawker beat F. C Mack's Delia
M. 4-2; Lande & Gerber's Rlsnzl beat A. L.
Austin's Thorndale. 5-0; J. Potter's Romulus
beat B. Woods' Black Night. 7-3; J. R. Stalth'a
Petronius beat F. Passon's Merry Maiden, 8-3:
II. Mlchlliki's Terrona beat Alex. McDonaTd-s
Glory Ann. 11-4; C. B. Charlsworth's Crawford
Lass beat J. Byrnes' Olympus, .10-8; Bartels
Bros.' Border's Best beat W. H. Shear's
Alarue. 3-2; M. Miehiliki's Terronite beat F.
Schou's Smug-trier, 13-?; D. Fhannon's Strand
of Gold beat T. Boardman'a California. 6-3: Q.
M. Abercromble's Victor King beat BartPl»
Bros.' Ballroom Belle, 12-3; M. J. Welch's Lady
Norborne beat McCarthy & Muller's Brent
wood Belle. 3-2; J. Flower's Keystone beat
Kelly & Henley's Baby King. 10-3: J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman, a bye: Captain Cane's
Miss Penman beat E. Hood's Derapsey Las?.
6-0: E. I>. Fallon'a Lily of the West beat Con
neil Bros.' Clover, 6-0; J. Caveney's Juliet Dear
M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines, 6-3; C. Ban
ner's Frosty Mom beat G. W. Heintz's Coquet.
4-2: J Sutton's Mayflower beat T. Borfiir.an'a
Lily Wheeler. 8-2; J. Sutton'9 Master Law
rence beat F. McComb's Motto. 15-7: J. I.
0'Brlen's Wandering Tom beat J. McNeil's
Captain Byrnes, 6-3; Lando St Gerber's Mount
Ida beat D. Dillon'* Dewdrop. 10-0; J. Ed
monds* Go On beat T. J. Cronin'e Arab. 9-5:
S. Hardy's L&dy Kueo beat James Dtckson's
Black Bess, ,7-1; Farley Bros.' Morsa Patrol
beat M. Dillon^ Challenger. 6-4.
Twice During the Stake It Required
Three Trials of Speed Before
the Flag Could Be
Haised.
Hares Give Hounds Hard.
Runs in a High Wind
at Ingleside.
MERCY MAY IS
BEATEN OUT BY
A SHORT ENDER
Contrary to expectations, the sapling
stake — for greyhounds under one year ot
age — resulted in some good coursing yes
terday at Union Park. Of the twenty-five
entered only one had ever been started.
Despite their lack of experience Slipper
James Grace sent them off cleverly, not
one dog being unsighted and there being
no undecided courses. The first twenty
courses were run off in one hour, tile va
rious field oflicials keeping the handlers
on the jump from the start. The last two
courses lasted over two minutes. P. C.
Blick and Strand & Ettenberger, owners
of the winners, were granted permission
to withdraw them. The deciding course
of the stake is thus between Judge P. J.
Reilly's Early Dawn and George Watson's
FI Fi. Karly Dawn Is apparently the best
in tho stake: and is of great promise. Yel
low Tail, which was withdrawn. Is pro
nounced by Judge Graee one of the best
young greyhounds he ever rode behind.
May Lawrence, of the same litter, is also
a clever performer and haa more than the
average share of good looks. Icicle, an
Australian greyhound, was the only bad
actor, refusing to follow the hare.
There were a number of surprises in the
open stake, and where upsets came the
betting was usually 5 to 1. Golden Garter
defeated Commodore at these odds. King's
Borderer defeated the recent importation.
Golden Nugget, at the same price easily,
the climate having laid its grip on the
latter. Overture beat Candelarfa, Reck
less Archer beat llonor Bright after an
undecided course, Shootover beat Forest
Queen and Hot Foot beat St. Anthony,
all at odds of 5 to 1. Silver Wings beat
Rude Awakening at 2 to 1.
The bettors look for Hot Ha3te and Vul
can to fun far into the stake to-day.
Metallic, Rocker. For Glory, Little Sister,
Luntlin Links, Risky Attempt and Cava
lier are also expected to show well.
Luxor is favorite in the champion stake,
although he was defeated the last time
out by Palo Alto. The latter is the* choice
after Luxor, with Ireland, his kennel
mate, also favored. The results of the
running yesterday, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Sapling stake— D. E. Wiley's Buckets beat T.
Kenny's May Boy, 14-1; M. Sullivan's Tess beat
Sterl & Knowles 1 Icicle. 6-0; Aeneid Kennels'
Athera beat Sterl & Knowles' Foggy Day, 8-0;
P. J. Reilly's Early Dawn beat Aeneid Ken
nels' Althea. 26-0; George Watson's Fi Fl beat
Sterl & Knowles' Little Goldle, 8-2; L. Herbsfs
Kozelle beat W. L. Steven's Bermuda, 6-0; D.
E. Wiley's Buck beat J. Rock's Avondale, 6-0;
P. C. Blick's La Rosa Souvenir beat P..
McLaughlln's Nance O'Neill, 12-1: P. C. Blick's
Yellow Tail a bye. Maura withdrawn: J. Rock's
La Estella beat J. J. Hurley's Lady Isabel,
3-0; P. C. Blick'a May Lawrence, beat R. P.
Julian's Josie. 6-2: Imperious a bye.
Second round— Buckels beat Tesa. 14-1; Early
Dawn beat Aethra. 6-0; Fl Fl beat Rozelle, B-0;
La Rosa Souvenir beat Nance O'Nell, 4-3; Yel
low Tail boat Lady Godlva, 7-2; Imperious beat
La Estrella. 7-5; May Lawrence a 'bye.
Early Dawn beat Buckels. 6-0: Fl Fl beat La
Rosa Souvenir. 5-0; Imperious beat May Law
rence. 18-11; Yellow Tail a bye, course score
24-6.
Open stake— H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat
J. K. Smith's Jennie Wilson. 6-0; T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle beat T. J. Cronln'a Daisy Dale.
3-1: Cantaln Clarkson's Golden Garter beat
Curtis & Son's Commodore, 7-5; F. Schou's
King's Borderer beat Pasha Kennels' Golden
Nusrcet. 7-3; Harridan & Wiegand's Overture
beat Curtis & Son's Candelaria, 9-6: Curtis &
Son's Old Glory beat Captain Clarkson'a Head
water, 4-3; E. M. Kellogg' s Iowa Boy beat Bar
tels Bros.' Baron Blgod, 8-0: R- E. da B.
Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa beat A. Massey's-Hadl
wist. 5-0: Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat J. II.
Perleo's Controller. 4-0; Baxtels Bros.' Beer
Brewer beat H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe,
6-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo beat T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee. 4-0; Pasha Kennels'
Round About beat R. Strahl's Three Cheers.
6-0; E, A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured. 3-2; Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer beat T. Logan's Honor Bright,
6-4- J. Martinet's Slim beat Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold. 4-3; Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead beat G. Sharman's Bowery Boy. 3-0: Sterl
& Knowles' For Glory beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Julius Caesar. 7-2; J. O'Dowd's Shoot
over beat J. Sheridan's Forest Queen. 9-3:
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon beat J. I* Ross'
Just Tip, 5-0; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat
J. Dean's Lady Clare. 12-0: Erwln & Lyon's
Silver Lyon beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta, 10-3:
E M. Kelloee's Kid McCoy beat Sullivan &
Tralnor's Castle Island Boy, 4-1; Connell Bros.'
St. Helen beat H. Lynch'a Lexfhgton. 6-0: J.
P Thrift's Brutus beat J. H. Perieo s Penne
rrant 6-0; M. Welch's llary Jane a toye. Kittle
man withdrawn; T. J. Cronin's Thornhilt beat
Curtis & Son's Blackette. 4-0; J. Anthony's
Patriot beat J. II. Perlgo's Bohe, 9-3; Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller beat J. Hurley's O. K.
Capitol 3-2; R. E. de B. Loper's Sara beat
Aeneid Kennels' Athena, 4-0; J. H. Harrison's
Hot Haste beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Lady Emma. 6-1: J. Mortality's Snapper Garri
son beat G. Sharman's Walt a Little. 7-2: J.
E ChamblU'B Hot Foot beat N. P. Whltlnjt's
St Anthony, 6-5: Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleas
ant beat J. Carroll's Red Hind. 5-2;/. I* Ross* |
J L R beat T. Loean's Leah. 11-.: Erwln & \
Lyon's Silver Wings beat D". Winder's Rude
Awakening. 2-0; J. R. Smith's Magic beat O.
Fharman's Walt a Bit. 6-4; Curtis & Son's
Vulcan beat Condrey & Rought's Nellie R. 7-2;
F A McComb's Little Sister beat J. Murnaae's
WlldwoodV 6-0: J. J. Kenney'9 Winnlnsr Lassie
beat J. Hurley's Phylock Boy. 13-10; J. Sheri- |
dan's Forest Kins beat J. Martinet's Bill Fos- ¦
ter, 12-3; G.CAbercromble's Rock Island Klntr
beat R. E. de. B. LoDez's Crawford Prairie.
8-0" Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat P. J. Reilly'a
Plough Boy. 6-1: D. Winder's Lundin Links
beat J. Dean's Little Conn, 15-0: O. Abercrom
ble's Rock Island Boy a bye. ¦ Auckland ¦with
drawn: J. P. Thrift's Forret beat R. B. de R
Lopez's Carmencita. 6-5; H. Lynch's Lnttle M
beat H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot. 6-1; J. Hur
ley's Hurricane beat J. Carrolfs Bluestone. 5-1:
D. Winder's Risky Attempt beat Curtis &
Son's McKlnley. 3-2. .-•-*•-
Luxor Is Installed Favorite for the
Champion Stake to Be Run^To-
Day at Union Coursing
Park.
V
Strong Hares Lead -Young
Dogs a Merry
Chase.
GREYHOUNDS OF
PROMISE TRIED
OUT SEVERELY
Men From the Sage Brush. State Cap
ture Seven Out of Ten
Events.
SALT LAKE. May 26.— The Nevada
University athletes defeated the athletes
• f the University of Utah on the latter's
campus in this city this afternoon, win
ning seven out of. ten events and scoring
59 points to 21 for their opponents. The
Nevadans were in much better form than
the Utah boys, more at their ease in per
formance and from, the start clearly show
ing their superiority. But the Utah boy3
were game to the last and made the Ne
vada Slues ¦work for everything they got
The TCevadans won : the\ high jump, put
ting the shot, 'SOO-yard run, hammer
throw, broad jump, 440-yard run and pole
vault, the Utah team winning the 100-yard
dash, 50-yard dash And 220-yard dash.. A
phenomenal record was made in the 100
yard dash— 9 3-5 seconds— by Anderson of
Utah, who also won' the 220-yard dash in
24 seconds. Moorman. Nevada, scored 42
feet $V* inches in putting the shot and on
throwing the hammer C. C Smith scored
110 feet 1>4 Inches. .
The attendance was not large. The sum
maries follow: •
100-yard dash— Anderson. Utah, first; Moor
man. Nevada, second. - Time, 9 3-5 seconds
High Jump — Ward. Nevada, first,:. 5 feet 3
Inches; IT. ~ Smith, Nevada, eecond, 5 feet 2
inches. •
50-yard^ dash— Riser, Utah, first; Anderson,"
Utah, second. B% seconds.
Putting 1 the snot — Moorman, Nevada^ first
42 feet 8% Inches; C. C. Smith, Nevada, sec
ond. 42 teet 6 laches. ' .
UTAH ATHLETES
DEFEATED BY NEVADANS
Judge Fritz, was able to hold court for
a short time yesterday morning af ter . a
week's sickness. He. has been suffering
from malaria caused, ,it ; is supposed, ¦ by
the foul. air in his courtroom. He Is • still
very weak. Tho late Judge Campbell had
the same courtroom and : frequently com
plained of sickness from, the same cause.
Suffering From Malarial
James A. Garfleld Post and Woman's
Belief Corps to Attend Uni
tarian Church.
James A. Garfield Post "No., 34, Q.
A.. R., in conjunction with Garflold
Corps No. 21. W. R. C. will attend
the Second Unitarian Church, on the cor
ner of Twentieth and Capp streets, this
evening. The services will be of a char
acter to commemorate the deeds of those
who composed the Union army . and navy
during the . Civil War whose bodies are
now resting under the sod and the sea.
General Edward 8. Salomon has accept
ed the invitation of the trustees to deliver
the address of the evening. The -church
W frirt^ bea H tif uU y decorated with floral
n? 1"^^ emblazoned with the colors
ZL??? pa«onal emblem. A special \ pro
gramme of musical numbers haa been ar
mi/nf an( U h ?. ev . ent Promises to be pn>:
attend % trlotl< V instructions to all who
ni Ihi' ai e post and corps will assemble
at the AjAyaaar building at 6;30 o'clock. -
SERVICES IN MEMORY
OF CIVIL WAR HEROES
Will Take Action in Relation to
Preserving Santa Cruz Moun
tains' Bedwoods.
Judge F. J. Hurasky presided last night
at a meeting of the Past Presidents' Asso
ciation of Native Sons "of the Golden West
in Native Sons' Hall.
The committee on entertainment re
ported in favor of an.' open meeting and
smoker In the latter part of June.
F. J. Murasky, M. C. Allen, P. V. Long,
J. L. Gallagher, Henry Lunstedt, T. C.
Conmy, George D. Clark, M. T. Dooling
Bind Leonard Stone were appointodsi com
mittee on ritual. -
- H. E. Faure was elected financial sec
retary and D. Q. Troy was elected to fill
a vacancy on the board of trustees.
The chairman called.^attention to the
movement in relation to preserving*, the
redwood forests of the Santa Crcz Moun
tains and the building of a transconti
nental wagon road, and suggested that
the Past Presidents' Association ought to
take action in. the matter. Tho chairman
was . empowered to appoint > two commit
tees of live each to co-operate with other
committees favoring .fhese projects.
PAST PRESIDENTS OF
ORDER NATIVE SONS
880-yard run— Case, Nevada, first; Jameson,
Nevada, second. Time, 2:10 1-5.
220-yard dash— Anderson, Utah, first; Moor
man, Nevada, second. Time, 21 seconds.
Hammerthrow— C. C. Smith. Nevada, first,
110 feet 2 inches; 'Moorman, Nevada, second.
Broad jump— P. Smith. Nevada, first. 20 feet
z Inches; Ward Nevada, second.
440-yard run— Keddie, Nevada, first; B. Smith,
Nevada, second; Time, 53 4-5 minutes.
Pole vault— Richards, Nevada, first, 10 feet
3 Inches.
Exhibition 220-yard hurdle race, ten hurdles —
Stubbs, Nevada, first. No time taken. ~. ; .- v -~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREEJQler
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Eestores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
Able remedy are being mailed to ail who
will ivritp the Btate M«-Uical Institute.
They curr-d *o many men who had Lat-
tl«?d for y^ars against the mental and
physical suffering <,l lost manhood that
the institute #ias decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
Is a home treatmtnt, and all men who
PiifltT with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and- memory, weak back '
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy. has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to th* desired location, shing strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
Fiicce.es in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 32S Elektron
buildinp. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptlv. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great claps of men who are unable to
• leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
\he ¦ proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writer will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, bo
that its recipient need have n/» fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay
I Disorders of Hen 1
g *. STRICTLY RELIABLE. g
I ••» \ TYR »
I \**3i TALCOTTl
8 yf 0y\ /j/\ \ • VTARICOCELE CURED IN ONE
8 sf I . jff\. V week *V°' ft ee or four weeks' home 2
S f / ViSS^S^2«#l \ VV***^ tr^ tm n} wlthou * operation. «
« *^ // 1/ V— >\ »lood Taints. Contracted Disorders and «
ft It-Jr - \^^J/f II \5«r ev 'P' form of "Weakness- a specialty. O
« Sw»j I \l I II V\ VVa make » "P^cialty of cases which O
A ff-^ \ \fc_J II y> have become chronic and complicated «
£$ ¦ \\ \ iTA // // from Deslect or improper treatment. f
I <\ '\ // NOT a "Weakness" but I
I A I / an Inflammation. |
8 By far the most freauent cause of so-called "weakness" of men ta chronic In- 8
M flammatlon of the Prostate Gland. This gland is the very center of the reproductive »ys- Jo
5$ tem. • It can wad Ely be understood that Inflammation of any orjran win caus<» disordered M
O function of that Jntan. A remedy that would cure a real wea'kness would make an M
O Inflammation worse. Henc« the necessity for Correct dlaznoaia. Many men who have V
O unsuccessfully treated for weakness will now know the cause of failure. Our practice O
fi Is devoted to thU condition, together with contracted ailments. /«
J$. Th« only specialists In San Francisco with & thoroughly equipped hospital, trained g
Q nurses, etc., in connection, for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and others g
g wishing to remain during treatment. g
X" Fees reasonable and may be paid in Installments aa patient sees bis Improvement. W
Q Private laboratory. • No charge for remedies. i£
Q _ Full Information cheerfully mailed In plain envelope. ¦¦ K
S Office hours*— 0 a. m. to 8 p. in., Sundays Included." . .\£<
| 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street gOAKLAND. May 26.— Oakland Hosplt
lum Xo. 2. Bohemians of America, will
hold high jinks next Monday evening in
Fraternal Hall. Many members of the
order from San Francisco are expected to
be present. The Initiation of several can
didates will precede the Jinks.
Bohemians' High Jinks.
OAKLAND, May 26.— The Rev. Eugenia
F. St. John will preach to-morrow even-
Ing at the First Presbyterian Church. Mrs.
St. John is national superintendent and
lecturer of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. She is a speaker of great
force, possessing a clear, rich voice of
great depth. ~ >*=:•'¦
Woman Preacher to lecture.
BERKELEY. May 2R.— The Town Trus
tees and a number of property owners at
a meeting In the Town Hall last night dis
cussed the proposed improvement of Pied
mont avenue. The two propositions made
were that there should be a twenty-foot
park along the center of the avenue, with
twenty-foot driveways and sidewalks
either side of the lawn. The other plan
was to have a thirty-foot sidewalk with a
forty-foot drive. Final action will bo
taken next Monday night.
Berkeley Boulevard.
First year's course — Edward W. Lon*. Fran
cis E. Frates. John B. Donovan. Charles J
Nunan. Herbert K. Hanna, Louis A. Tormey,
Francis P. de Leon, James A. Blossom.
Second year"* cours» — James P. Towey Ed
ward C. Rice, Harold Hartley. Thomas C. Ken
neally. Asa C. Porter. George J. McDonounh
John J. May. Louis F. Ryan. Robert J. Gil
roy, Walter R. Jones. Joseph A. Muscio. Car
lyle A. Adams, Charles A. Ryan.
Third year's course — John P. Plover. John P
Callaphan. John J. Harloe, Walter D. Reliant
John L. Flj-nn, Arza Porter. Andrew J Ca
mous, Reginald J. Bell. William E. Bell Ger
ald P. Fitzserald.
Testimonials of promotion hav* been awarded
to Philip H. Dagroeau. Xoble F. Pickle Hugh
S. McGinn. Edward E. Johnson, Hugh S. Cor
coran, William R. Morehead. Frederick W
Fay. Georce J. Haley. William P. Kelly
Louis J. Blot. Francis J. Streefklrk. August lna
P. Carter.
Commercial certificates have been awarded to
Reginald R. O'Connell. John L. Sullivan, ClytJa
T. Hall and John T. Quarles.
Antonio R. RufTo, Thomas M. Qutntano
John F. Condon. Henry M. Oondolfo, Joseph
W. dune. Joseph E. GMlngham. Ross .1
Blrchett. Francis D. Hatton. Isidore A. Merle,
Julius M. Adams. William P. Harriett Henr"
F. Kern. Edward J. Burns. Alfred H. Kennedy
Charles T. Martell. Charles B. Serventi
Charles B. Schlafflno. John H. Devine. Frank
P. Cain. Frederick J. Bauer. W. Gaaton Ste
phens. Lucien B. Serventi. Lewis A. Pnrneroy.
David M. D«ter. OeorEe W. Poultney. John T*
Toohey. Leo J. Sheerin. Gaston Domcrgu-'
John G. Bayle»s. Raymond W. Deter. John E.
Heintz.
OAKLAND. May 26.— The faculty of St.
Mary's College have awarded certificates
In the collegiate department to the fol
lowing named:
CERTIFICATES AWARDED
FOR GOOD SCHOLARSHIP
The deed establishing the trust and pro
viding for Mary Webster Merritt and her
children was recorded only after all the
others had been placed on record. Th»
transaction was a. complicated one and
the five documents were necessary to
straighten out the tangle that involved
the valuable estate of the late Dr. Mer
ritt.
After having secured by deed an Inter
est In the Madison and Oak streets blocks
Fred Merritt transferred a one-half Inter
est in this property to his wife, Lucy
Brown Merritt.
In all five deeds were filed to clear the
title to the property involved. The first
was from Mary Webster Merritt to James
P. Merritt. conveying the property sued
for. So that James P. Merritt might have
sole ownership of the Market-street prop
erty Fred A. Merritt made over his half
interest in that land to his brother, re
ceiving In return from James one-half
Interest In a portion of the Madison and
Oak streets property.
The trustees are to receive all rents and
profits of the buildings on the property
and are to receive as compensation for
their services 6Vi per cent of all such
issue. Should one of them die or resign
his successor shall be appointed by the sur
vivor, acting in conjunction with Mrs.
Merritt and a Judge of the Superior Court.
Mrs. Merritt is appointed trustee for the
children. Should she marry or die the
property goes to them. When the chil
dren have reached their majority they
are to become sole owners of the property
and are to hold it for their heirs.
The property deeded by Mrs. Mary Web
ster Merritt to James P. Merritt consists
of the block at Market and Seventh
streets, land at Fourteenth and Madison
streets. Thirteenth and Oak streets and
water front lots at North Beach. San
Francisco. All of this realty was prayed
for by Merritt in the partition suit Insti
tuted by him against his wife and dis
missed several days before she commenced
action for a divorce.
James P. Merritt sets forth in a deed
transferring Market-street property to his
wife and children that he took such action
for the purpose of making adequate pro
vision for their maintenance as long as
they should live. He names George W.
Reed and Emll Nusbaumer as trustees
to take charge of the property and to
see that the provisions of the deed are
carried out.
The dispute of the members of the Mer
rltt family over the possession of valuable
property has been settled. Deeds were
filed to-day by which James P. Merritt
is made the owner of the property prayed
for in his suit against his ex-wife and
Mrs. Mary Webster Merritt Is transferred
sufficient property to provide for her
maintenance and that of her two minor
children for the terms of their lives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, May 26.
The Transfer of Interests Named in
the Compromise Effected by the
Filing of Deeds to That
Effect.
Valuable Oakland Property
to Be Held in Trust
for Them.
MERRITT MAKES
PROVISION FOR
HIS CHILDREN
New Store and Office Structure for Oakland.
OAKLAND. May 28.— A handsome business block will be erected at once for
the'De Fremery estate at a cost of about JSO.OCO. It will stand en the west
side of Washington street, between Twelfth and Thirteenth, having a front
age of So feet and a depth of 100 feet. The front will be of stone and the re
mainder of brick. The lower floor will be used for one large store and the other
floors will be arranged for offices. It will be a first class modern structure
throughout. The architect is G. W. Percy and the drawing Is by Willis Polk.
For the defense J. C. Kennedy testified
as to the manner in which Mrs. Donnelly-
Hilborn remitted the $21 she had collected
to Mme. Harbldge-Marlstany. Several
witnesses testified to the good character
of the defendant. The taking of evidence
will be conclude Monday.
Mrs. Donnelly-Hllborn's trial on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement
proceeded all day before Justice Morris.
The job lot <">f testimony offered by both
the prosecution and defense consisted
of criminations and recriminations.
Joseph Maristaay. Mme. Harbldge-Maris
tany's agod husband, told a confusing
story and aroused the Ire of the defense*
by his premature answers to questions.
He was asked if his wife played th»
horse races, the Intention of the defense
being to show that she had lost money
in betting and was trying to cover up the
losses with accusations of embezzlement
against her former employes.
The testimony of Mme. Harbidge-Mar
lstany was the story of her life. She had
been married four times. At 22 she be
came the wife of C. S. Jones In Indiana,
securing a divorce from him after four
years of conjugal unhapplness. In ISSo
she married James Harbidge and three
years later was divorced from him in Los
Angeles. She married Joseph Freiman in
1SD3 and two years later they separated.
On November 9 last she married Joseph
Maristany. her present husband. All the
ex-husbands are dead.
ALAMEDA. May 28.-Only the ral
lantry of Constable George E. Clarke
saved Mrs. May Donnelly-Hilborn the
humiliation to-day of being compelled by
process of law to surrender the very gar
ments off her back. So bitter Is the feel
ing of Mme. Annette Harbidge-Maristany
against Mrs. Donnelly-Hilborn, whom she
Is prosecuting for an alleged theft of $23.
that through her attorneys she sued out a
writ of replevin for the recovery of a tan
suit and a tan coat valued at JS5. In ad
dition filing a suit for $.".0 damages.
The writ was put in the hands of Con
stable Clarkf- to serve. He found Mm.
Dnnnelly-Hilhorn was attired in the
garments sought to be replevined. A3
the writ commanded him to produce th«
wearing apparel in court. Constable
Clarko was in an embarrassing position.
After revolving the mutter In his mind
for awhile he swore hf» would throw up
his job before he would be so unchival
rous as to rob a pretty young woman of
the only clothes she had In sight. He ap
pealed to Mrs. Donnelly-Hilbnm's attor
neys for advice, and they assured him
that he ne*>d not fear the loss of his po
sition, as the clothing worn by the young
lady was exempt from execution until
ownership was proven.
Mme. Harbidsp-Maristany's lawyers In
sisted that Mrs. I>onnelly-Hilborn sur
render her wardrobe, but were finally
overcome by the U'gal lore shied at them
from the other side.
Mrs. May Donnelly-Hilborn Will Re
tain Her Tan Suit Unless Mrae.
Harbidge-Maristany Can
Prove Ownership.
Officer Refuses to Replevin
Clothing on a Woman's
Back.
IS SAVED FROM
HUMILIATION BY
THE CONSTABLE
OAKT.AND, May 26.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Alexander has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of the late
Genrce W. Alexander. The estate consists
«f 200 phares of stork in the Alexander-
Vost Company, valued at about $3000. The
Wjrs are the widow and two grown chil
dren.
G. W. Alexander's Estate.
<~.er r? e E. Davis, the well-known con
tractor ar.d builder, died at his home. 122S
Nineteenth avenue. East Oakland. Friday
r.ipht after an illness of two weeks. Mr.
Davis was a resident of Oakland for
twenty years. He was an active member
e.f the order of Modern Trojans, and at
the time of hi«= death was vice president
of K.I Cap'.ian Lodge Xo. 14. in En.st Oak
land, of that order. Besides a family of
a wife and three sons and three daughters,
he leaves two brothers. Charles \V. and
Bnxnner P. Davis of this county, and two
Filters Mrs. John R. Watts of East Bos
ton ar.fi Mrs. Martin L. Crowell of East
Oakland. Funeral Berrlce from his late
home at 2 p. in. Monday.
A Well-Knoun Contractor Dead.
ALAMEDA. May 25.-Rev. Frank S.
Brush of the First Presbyterian Church
took a shot at a supposed burglar last
nip-ht a midnight at his home. 1371 Ver-
F^UleF avenue. Dr. Brush was awakened
by hi? little son, who said he heard a man
trying to break In at a rear window. The
minister was ready in a moment with a
trusty pistol and going In the direction of
tin- noise*, foanped away. The whole
n^'srhlKtrhood ¦was aroused and a s«»arch
for the bure-lar Instituted, but without re-
Fult. Dr. Brush is a crack shot with a
pistol or a gun and an all-round sports
man.
THE PASTOR WAS READY
WITH HIS LITTLE GUN
fiy^ LAMEDA, May 26.— The engage
// \\ ment Is announced of Miss Ella M.
H Munro and Frederick Marolf. both
¦well known In society circles In this
city. The wedding will take place at the
home of the bride-to-be, 2254 Santa Clara
avenue, during the month of June.
Miss Munro Is the sister of James A.
Munro of J. A. Munro & Co. She is hand
scine, accomplished and has moved In the
be«t society since making her home in
Alameda several years since.
Mr. Marolf Is the cashier for the Oak
land Meat Company and is one of the
prominent business men of Oakland.
The ir.upio was under the direction of
Alex T. Stewart. The games committee
was an follows: F L.. Burlihalter. Frank
Mlil«r. F. A. Webeter. J. W. Maddrill ar.1
-Madiirj!:. The winners of the
panics wore as follows:
Girls' race. 6 years and under. Myra
Fha^e and I>itly Peterson: girls" race. 6 to
E yemn. Hazel Laymsnre and Ida Haub;
p ¦r',s" !a<-e. 10 to 12'years. Alma KiiPrr and
Mamie Johnson: gir!^' rare, 8 to 10 years.
Alice Hill of Jlayward? ar.d Mattie But
;. r: rir's' rare. 12 to 16 years. Grace Her
riott and Hazel liurton: girls' race, over
>, y»arf May Watorbury and Alice
Wright: fat ladies' race. Mrs. EUiott and
Mrs. Arrr.stronc: lady teachers' race. C'e
lla Tymeson and Lavtna Jones: egg ar.d
ladle-race. Mrn. Michel ar.d Mrs. J. S.
M • •¦.-;;: i:nmarr!«l ladies' rac, Miss
Maud Ucnoy and M;.=p Julia Rickelfson;
neb! '•¦ fathering for ladiep, Mrs. Mitchels
and Mr*. Julia Leigh: extra contest, peb
ble gathering:. Mr?. L^igh and Miss Fusch:
pack race Frank Skinner: three-!egped
race Ed Murnby and Milton Horsweli: fat
tv. r. s ra^.-. \V." C. IngallE: pasters' rae<?
i: v J. Atkins; superintendents 1 ruce. ill
, rn; boys' rtces— under 6 years. Kay
Matthew*: 6 to 10 veare. Ernest Nye: 10 to
r rears. Paul Webster: 12 to 15 years.
James Dewine; 15 to IS years, Stanley
Burpee; l§ to 21 years. Ralph Hobart:
baseball; North Oakland defeated First
Methods Church nine, score T to 4; de
romir.ational tng-of-war, Methodists de
feated Baptists.
Brides a long programme of games,
there was a fine orchestral concert. The
p:cnic was under the direction of the First
Mf-thodist Sunday school. George W. J.
was general superintendent and he
had the following assistants*: F. Burk
halter. A. H. Trathen. \Y. Ma.ddrlll. Frank
Millar. C. \V. KJriSey, C. C. Lombard. Rob
ert Robertson. L. G. Burpee J. C. Hill. L.
N. Gross. O. J. Backus. A. Parker, F. A.
Webster. Dr. R. T. Stratton. M. T. Hol
con;h and J. M. RoMnson.
The arrangements were most efficiently
directed, and there was no accident to In
terfere with the great throng of picnick
ers in full enioyxr.er.t of the trip.
Despite the fact that forty cars, in four
train Factions, were used to-day for the
ur.ion Sunday school ar.d church picnic at
Gienwood Park, hundreds of persons were
left behind. The outing was a complete
success. ThouBands of picnickers enjoyed
t^e day in the heart of the Santa Cruz
Mountains. Every evangelical church In
the city was represented.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. May 28.
Arrangements Were Successfully
Carried Out by the Committees
Which Supplied Much En
tertainment.
Oakland's Sunday Schools'
Outing in Santa Cruz
Mountains.
THOUSANDS TAKE
PART IN UNION
CHURCH PICNIC
The medical department of the Univer
sity of California has purchased an X-ray
apparatus for $750 and wilK sire the city
the gratuitous use of it. If the electric
current necessary can be secured the ap
paratus will be installed in the City and
County Hospital, where the school has a
clinic, and will be used by the students
to determine fractures and location of bul
lets. '%mBS^BBBBBBBBBSBi . ¦
X Bay for County Hospital.
Speech Making, Story Telling and
Old College Songs Fill Out a
Merry Evening.
The spirit moved the High School class
of '85 to have a reunion and banquet at
the old Poodle Dog restaurant last night
and It proved a popular move on the part
of the spirit, too. Eighteen members of
the old guard responded to roll call when
the party was formed and until far Into
the night sat around the festive board, re
counting stories of their boyhood days
and singing songs Ions: since laid aside
but not forgotten. "Let s be cheerful
was the motto of the evening and no one
failed to carry out the Idea. Everybody
contributed something to the entertain
ment and no one was permitted to offer
an excuse. There were eloquent speeches,
funny stories and rollicking songs and
many other things besides.
Edgar D. Pelxotto acted as toastmaster
and performed his duties to the satisfac
tion of his comrades. Those who sat at
table with him were: W. B. Watterrnan.
Henrv Sachs, S. Schwartz, Frank M. Mar
tin, H. J.-Keasing, Louis E. Spear, PM.
Nippert, S. M. N'ewmark, H. J. Batten,
Leon Cook, E. Lastreto, D. Ephralm, S.
Meyer A. C. McFarlan. J. Brosnan and
R. H. Webster.
HIGH SCHOOL CLASS
•OF '85 HAS A REUNION
CAPTAIN F. A. HART.
CAPTAIN F. A. HART of the United
States transport service passed
away yesterday at the military hos
pital at the Presidio after a pro
longed Illness. He had a wide circle of
acquaintances and he was well liked by
all who knew him. He had a reputation
of being one of the most efficient com
manders in the transport service.
Captain Hart has been. sailing between
this port and the Orient for a score of
years. He was an employe of the Oceanic
Steamship Company. At one time he was
second officer on the Matiposa, and before
he left the company he had risen to the
position of chief officer of that vessel.
" Captain Hart's death was Indirectly due
to injuries he received while in temporary
charge of the Mariposa, four years ago.
The vessel was en route to Sydney. N. S.
W. A heavy sea was running, and when
Mr. Hart was relieved from duty on the
bridge he proceeded to descend to the
deck, when a heavy sea broke over the
vessel and threw him with great force
against the bulwarks. Three of his ribs
were broken and he suffe-ed other in
juries.
When the ship arrived at its destination
Hart was pent to the hospital for treat
ment. He was unable to rejoin his ship
when it departed on its return voyage.
While in the hospital at Sydney he was
visited each day by a lady, who brought
him delicacies and helped nurse him back
to good health. A mutual feeling of af
fection sprung up between patient and
nurse, and when ne recovered they were
united in marriage. He brought his bride
to this city and they took up residence at
tho California Hotel. T
When the war with Spain broke out
Captain Hart was chief officer on the
Mariposa. The Government, appreciating
his worth as a seaman, tendered him the
command of the transport Scandia, and
he piloted that vessel to Manila. On hia
return from the Philippines he was again
taken sick, but managed to accompany
the W T arren on its trips to and from the
islands. He was taken sick a few months
ago. and despite his weakened condition
he Journeyed to Mare Island and brought
his transport off the drydock. He re
mained on the bridge tfurlng the trip -of
the ship to this port, and as a result he
was made dangerously ill. He was re
moved to St. Luke's Hospital and it was
found necessary to perform an operation
on him. Captain Hart grew rapidly worse
and he was removed to the military hos
pital, where he passed away yesterday.
CAPTAIN HART GOES
TO HIS LAST REWARD
OAKLAND. May 26.— Judge James G.
Maguiro will deliver an address at the
Fir.*t Unitarian Church to-morrow after
noon at 12:30 o'clock en the subject, "What
Must Society Do to Be Saved— Single Tax
ers, Answer."
James G. Maguire to Speak.
dence on the new site will be reconstruct
ed and used as a parsonage.
OAKLAND. May 26.— Judge Smith held
to-day that C. L. Disard, secretary of the
Cosmopolitan Social Club, was guilty of
selling liquor without a license. The con
viction was upon the ground that Disard
had organized the "club," so-called, for
the exclusive purpose of trying to evade
the license ordinance. Tho decision has no
bearing upon the status of any of the reg
ularly organized clubs, which have side
boards for the usp of members. Disard
was directed to appear Tuesday for sen
tence.
WAS FOUND GUILTY OF
VIOLATING LICENSE LAW
ATTRACTIONS FOR THE ,
OAKLAND THEATER GOERS
OAKLAND, May 26.— "The Girl I Left
Behind Me" Is billed for the coming week
at the Dewey Opera-house.
John Drew will appear Saturday even
lnp. June 2. at the Macdonough Theater In
"The Tyranny of Tears." Following on
June 4. James Neill and his company 'will
play for a week.
Memorial Day Services.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Special Memorial
day services will be held Sunday evening
at the First Congregational Church Rev
C. R. Brown officiating. The Grand Army
posts will attend in a body under escort
of Company A, Veteran Reserves.
Lecture to Socialists.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Mark Bartlett of
San Francisco will deliver, an address on
Sunday evening at Becker's Hall before
the Oakland Socialists on "The Dynamics
of Government"
OAKLAND, May 26.— The Board of Free
Library Trustees to-night decided to Issue
a call for bids on June 5, the next regular
meeting night, for construction of the
Carnegie library buildine. In conference
this evening with Bliss & Faville a num
ber of minor changes In the plans were
adopted, the most important cf which was
the enlargement of the main entrance and
hall.
WILL ASK FOR BIDS
TO BUILD LIBRARY
The surety company denies that it Is re
sponsible to the city of Oakland for the
sum alleged to have been retained by the
ex-Auditor, or for any sum whatever. It
is denied .that the corporation has any
knowledge that Roland W. Snow ever col
lected the money In question or whether
he was ever Auditor and ex-offlcio As
sessor of the city of Oakland.
It is admitted that Mayor Snow executed
a bond in March. 1597. but it is alleged
that he took the paper away the same day
that It was signed, and since that time It
has not been seen by an agent of the
surety company. Th« point is thus raised
that the company has no knowledge of the
existence of a bond given by It for R. W.
Snow In favor of the city.
For further defense the defendant cor
poration alleges that if there was any sum
of money received by Snow and withheld.
It was with the consent of the plaintiff
municipality as a compensation allowed
for the collection of taxes.
OAKLAND. May 2S.-As a result of the
action of the City Council several days
ago in declaring: void the bonds of city
employes who have given as surety the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land, the Hdellty company has filed a sep-
£ rj } t . e answer to the suit of the city of
Oakland against Roland W. Snow for the
collection of money alleged to have been
Illegally withheld by the latter while he
was Auditor and ex-offlcio Assessor of this
city.
MAYOR SNOW'S SURETY
DENIES RESPONSIBILITY
EBELL DlSpL/\yS
SOjME /\JMTIQUES
OAKLAND. May M— The monthly meet
ing of the ceramic section of the Ebell
Club, which took place this afternoon, was
unusually interesting by reason of a beau
tiful display of rare and antique pottery.
Perhaps the most odd collection was that
of Russian and Polish copperware, loaned
by Mrs. Armiston Swayze. The different
articles had been over 400 years in a
Polish family, from whom they were pur
chased by Dr. Swayze. Mrs. Norton's col
lection of pitchers attracted a great deal
ol attention, as did also tee rare_asaort
ment of brass candlesticks loaned by Mrs.
William Clilt. * .... .
The center of interest in the exhibit of
colonial pewter by Mrs. R. M. Lyman was
a candlestick once owned by Major Gen
eral Greene. Two small gods, one of
Pain, the other of Plenty, stood guard
over a line display of Mexican and Indian
blankets and ware owned by Mrs. George
C Parciee. Mrs. Harry P. Oarleton, Mrs.
Friend and Mrs. George \V. Percy had in
charge the miscellaneous collection of
wedgewood, rookwood and various other
kinds of pottery, many pieces of which
were gems of art and antiquity. Mrs.
Bulkley, president of the Kbell Club,
loaned a couple of wedgewood fruit dishes
that had belonged to her grandmother,
and were over 1U0 years old. One dainty
little article in the collection was particu
larly interesting from the fact that it was
home production. It was a tiny pitcher
of composition ware and as light as an
eggshell It is the only thing of the kind
in California, and was made by Mrs. Kob
erts-on of San Francisco. '¦
For the library there was a wonderful
collection of embroideries, which had been
loaned by Miss Mary Abeel Williamson,
who won several medals at the World's
Fair Throngs of admirers surrounded
the exquisite work all afternoon, the
tablecloths, in Persian effect, but the ex
ecution and design of which were Miss
Williamson's own invention, being most
particularly praised.
The afternoon closed with a musical pro
gramme, during which tea was served by
tho ladies of the ceramic section. Mrs.
Lvman, the curator, was hostess. Miss
Kdith Ward sang two numbers The sec
ond movement of Haydn's First Trio was
very effectively rendered by Mrs John
Lewis, violfn; Ray Burrell; ce lo, and
Miss K Kelly, piano. Other ladies who
exhibited rare china were Mrs. B. C.
Dick. Mrs. William High, Mrs. *red Al
lardt, Mrs. Newton Koser, Mrs Charles
Egbert, Mrs. E. O. Wilson and Miss Carle
ton. .
The Red Cross Society will hold Its an
nual meeting Tuesday. May 29, at 2 p. m..
in the chapel of the First Congregational
Church Important business will be
transacted. All members aro urged to
be present.
Admiral and Mra. Hichborn -were the
guests of honor at a dinner party given
by Mr. and Mrs. George D. Gray Thursday
evening at their home on Tenth street.
Covers were laid for twelve. Bridesmaid
roses and maidenhair ferns .formed the
decorations. -The guests were: Admiral
and Mrs. Hichborn. Mr. and Mrs. Giles H.
Grav. Mr. and Mrs. I. E. Thayer. Phillip
R Thayer, the Misses Mabel and Eliza
beth Gray and Prentlss N. Gray.
The Lotus Club entertained a few of Its
friends last evening. About June 1 the
club expects to Issue the first number of
Its magazine. The Muse, which will be de
voted to art and the study of advanced
literature. „„ JL ' •
BERKELEY, May 26.— The Town and
Gown Club gave a tea ' \n its hall
on Dana street and Dwight way this
afternoon. It was the last function of the
year and was well attended by members
and friends. Each of the members
brought a luncheon in a basket to the tea
from which the tea derived its name.
DEMOCRATS OF ALAMEDA
WILL HOLD PRIMARIES
OAKLAND, May 25.— The Democratic
County Committee to-night . called pri
maries for June 9 to elect delegates from
this county to the State convention at
Sacramento Juno 14. which will elect del
egates to the Democratic National Con
vention. The primaries will be held from
7 to 9 p. m. in Oakland and Alameda and
3 to 7 p. m. In the outside townships. The
committee nominated Robert M. Fitzger
ald. M. F. Tarpey and M. J. Kerwin as
delegates at large to the State convention.
The remaining forty delegates from Ala
meda County will be selected by the ward
and township commltteemen. R. M. Fitz
gerald will probably be the delegate at
large to the national convention from the
Third Congressional District. At to-night's
meeting John J. McDonald was chairman
and S. Bachrach was secretary.
Church to Be Moved.
OAKLAND. May 2G.— Vi'he Second Con
gregational Church, Rev. J. W. Phillips,
pastor, .has purchased a site on Peralta
street-and will shortly move its church ed
ifice, there. The present location is on Chase
street, near Wood. The church Is to be
remodeled, raised and a Sunday school
room built on the lower floor. The resl-
The prisoner Is confined In his room un
der the guard of the Deputy Marshal.
This unusual privilege was granted him
by the authorities at the request of Con
sul General Pickersgill, the representa
tive of Great Britain in San Francisco.
The Consul has interested himself in the
son of the illustrious poet and will see
that he is accorded every courtesy on his
way back to Kneland for arraignment on
the charges pending against him. While
refusing to admit more than the bare
fact of his relationship to the author of
"The Light of Asia," the prisoner is ter
ribly wrought up because the knowledge
has become public. He wept bitterly and
sank to the floor of his room, his emotion
being the strongest evidence that he felt
most keenly his position. That he had
failed in his efforts to bury his identity
preyed apparently more upon his hiehlv
tensioned nerves than did the prospect be
fore him of confronting the law In the
cold, hard courts of his native country
Away in Japan the knighted parent
banks under the chrysanthemum In the
smiles of the Japanese girl who three
years ago became the third wife of the
eminent author. The prisoner's mother
died In 1864. The second wife was a
daughter of Rev. William Ellery Chan
ning of Boston.
The usual extradition proceedings have
been waived, and all that the United
States Marshal 1b waiting for is official
notice from Washington to send Arnold
back to England.
"My father is Sir Edwin Arnold," he
said this evening. "That is as far as I
will go with my family history. It makes
no difference to the public who I am, and
it is none of ltB business whether I have
prominent family connections or not. I
have been unfortunate in getting Into this
predicament, but I can do nothing until
I have been brought back to face my ac
cusers."
OAKLAND. May 26.— Julian T. Biddulph
Arnold, the English fugitive, who Is now
In the hands of the United States authori
ties awaiting extradition to London for
trial on charges of fraud in connection
with the failure of a corporation of which
he was one of the principal members, is
Imprisoned In the Walworth Hotel in
Berkeley under guard of Deputy United
States Marshal Monckton. Though he had
steadfastly refused to disclose his iden
tity, he admitted this evening that he Is
a second son of Sir Edwin Arnold, the
world-famous Oriental scholar and author.
His Father the Author of "The Light
of Asia" and One of Great
Britain's Greatest Liter
ary Men.
Julian Arnold, the Fugitive,
Acknowledges His
Identity.
ADMITS HE IS
THE SON OF THE
ENGLISH POET
Troubles culminated on last Saturdav
•when Miss Stevens left her home ( n Em
eryville .against the orders of her mother
and her stepfather. She did not return
home, but went to San Francisco with
friend*. Mrs. Toft went on the warpath
yesterday afternoon and laid the" blam»*
lor the girl's continued absence upon
Whitp.kfr. who denied that he knew any
thing; about ner whereabouts. Then the
armed woman drew the pistol and threat
ened to kill Whftaker unless he told her
where her daughter could be found
Whitaker is IS years old. His mother.
C V, J- hlt akc-r, took up his side of
the fight and demanded a warrant to-day
from Justice Bradford for Mrs. Toft's ar
rest - Since vesterday's fracas the irate
mother has discovered that her daughter
is in safe hands of friends across the bay.
The young womar. in the case is Miss
Ida Stevens, 17 years old, a daughter of
Mrs. Toft by a former marriage. Young
\\ hitaker resides at C34 Brush street The
story runs that he had been keeping com
pany with the girl for several months. Sh*
was agreeable to the association, but
for some reason the mother was
entirely opposed to the daughter's ad
mirer. The prirl has defied her parent and
the attitude of both aroused Mrs. Toft to
action. It was said that the daughter had
been subjected to harsh treatment to com
pel her to forego meeting the young iron
founder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, May 26.
Because the attentions of Arthur Whit
aker to her daughter were objectionable
Mrs. Peter Toft drew a pistol yesterday
afternoon and threatened to shoot the
young man. The exciting scene was In
the Judson Works at Emeryville, where
the young man is employed. George El
liott, a foreman, was near by and
wrenched the weapon from the" angry
mother's hands before she had time to
make good hor threats.
Mrs. Peter Toft Objects to an Iron-
Holder's Attentions to the
Young Woman and Goes
on the Warpath.
Irate Mother Tries to Shoot
Her Daughter's Sweet
heart.
WASTED TO COOL
HIS LOVE WITH
LOADED PISTOL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 26.
The explosion of a vulcanizer this after
noon wrecked the dental laboratory of Dr.
J. Loran Pease, in the Central Bank block,
destroying several hundred dollars' worth
of work and playing havoc v.lth a lot of
valuable apparatus. Dr. Baldwin, a den
tist, who had been assisting Dr. Pease,
had left the apartment only a few seconds
before the explosion occurred.
The force of the explosion was sufficient
to hurl a heavy castiron cover through
the celling and to drive a thick copper
vessel through a two-inch plank. Heavy
boards forming the workbench were spiin
tered, and a piece of steel rai! two feet
long was tosaed a dozen feet like a
feather.
The supposed cause of the explosion was
the overheating of the large copper tank
In which rubber plaU-p for false teeth are
vulcanized or hardened under steam pres
sure. The tank is built for. eighty to a
hundred pounds' pressure to the square
Inch. Dr. Baldwin estimates that it must
jiave sustained double that force before It
burst.
A short time before the wreck the copper
vessel, which Is three-quarters of an Inch
thick, was prepared for service, and two
large trays of plat<>s were set ip it. The
tank was heated by gas burners beneath
It, and on the top of it was a heavy cast
lron cover fastened with a screw. There
was no warning of the accident.
The sudden crash startled Dr. Pease,
who was in his operating room, adjoining
the laboratory. Rushing into the other
room he quickly discovered the cause of
the trouble. His first move was to shut
off the escaping gas. In looking for the
remains of tho tank the cover was found
imbedded in the floor joists above, with a
lot of the ripped copper svewn among the
flooring under the laboratory.
The explosion was violent enough to Jar
the big brick building with all the effect
of an earthquake shock.
Dr. Pease's Apparatus and Material
Smashed While Heavy Iron and
Planks Are Splintered by
the Violence.
Bursting of an Overheated
Vulcanizer Ruins a
Laboratory.
DENTIST'S SHOP
WRECKED BY BIG
TANK EXPLOSION
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
DE FREMERY ESTATE TO
ERECT FINE BUILDING
WILL BE JOINED IN
BONDS OF WEDLOCK
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
25
f Special Saving prices. #
t Groceries and Liquors.^
'Powdered Sugar.. pound 5c\
r For table use —berries and desserts. Q
la any quantity. Usually 3 lbs. 25c. a
I Apple Cider Vinegar \
" Put*— very old. o-niirtn tcp»
d 2iadeinK»p* gailOU I^CA
" county. Usually 35c to 40c. \
$ Royal Baking Powder J
<> R*erul»r 45c. p oun d can 38CJ
\ Fancy Evaporated Apples^
I S&. 4 pounds 25CJ
IjMadja Coffee. lb- pkg. 150^
r . '-Heelon-sbest." J»v*blead. \
Q R^pulir S»V. r
Snaps pound jef
A i reoh. I:-K^l»r 10c ' A
pound 2OCi
1 Easy <3ige*t«4. Good cako for \
£ CLuMrt-n. R««ralax:5& Q
0 Soda Crackers S
$ .?£ur.. xolb. box 30c}
> Kresh baked. Rer^lar 43c. A
Tonic Port j
a and-Sheny ...gallqn 6oci
* For vrn»F be&lth »nd etrength. \
A R*(rular 8L 00. A
Minature i
$ Whiskey pkg. ioc^
, A. A. in original package. a
Club Whiskey \
' ********>- bottle Si. 10J
\-.\% Market St. B. T. Phatrsrk At, i crfcel*jr »
t rite <kWaslilagton.OakOntrBl A ve. Alameda l^
* .1067 Broadway. " 7th & Wood. Oak. \
0 b'.i 1st Btr»et. finn Jo™. Q
$ • tf
! No lying about I
St the merit of CASCARETS. Millions ns« them and tell their •£
*i friends how pood they are. We want to {five back the purchase m
9 price to anyone who fails to get satisfaction from the use of
' ¦!¦-¦ " «
I CANDY CATHARTIC . *
» it
£ Now that sounds like a liberal offer, but these single 10c sales alone 9
ji don't count for success. It's your cure and your pood word for JJ-
$ Cascarets that will make them famous in the future as in the 9
jj past. Start with a box today. 10c, 25c, 50c, all druggists. Free J*
g . sample and booklet. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chgo. or N.Y. i|
1 Best for the Bowels IIndies Find
In Camelline an absolute preventive and
relief from the effects of tan, sunburn and
poison oak. Indispensable for the moun
tains and seashore. Refreshing, effective
and harmless. At all drupgists. •
/?=£ OCIETY has been havlnff a quiet
week with the exception, of course,
of those fashionable hurried caJls
"pour prendre conere." So many
ure g-oir.s- abroad that "p. p. c. calls"
have taken up the better part of
many weeks past. There have also been
a number of informal teas, the last meet
ing of friends previous to parting for the
; urr.mer. A large number of prominent
people have already left for their summer
outing, and not a .^mall percentage of
these are bound for Europe and the Paris
Exposition.
They're Engaged
The engagement reception of Miss Jen
nie Cook and Jacob S. Meyer will be held
on Sunday. May 27. from 2 to 5 p. m., at
£C3A Jackson street.
Weddirjg Bells
Frank S. Foltz end Miss Laurene Til
lejf have sent out cards announcing their
wadding-.
Home Gatf)erir)gs
A most dainty and enjoyable green and
white luncheon was given by Mis?-
Blanche Horaa on Saturday last to ten
of her young friends. Those present
were: Miss Blanche Horan, Miss Ethlyn
Corn well. Miss Alice Duncan. Miss Hallie
Duncar., Miss Amy Friedlander, Miss
May Gibson. Miss Elvira Hobbs. Miss
Jltlanie Lancd, Miss Jean Mi Ewen. Miss
Fmia Ohlandt. Miss Blanche Southack.
Mr. and Mrs. David Worden were given
a surprise on Wednesday, May 16. Most
<>f those present were former residents
of Marin County.
A delightful birthday surprise party was
tendered to Richard Kingston on Sunday,
May So, at his residence, 2*j£ : -2 Clementina
street. Music and dancing were in
dulged in. and supper was served
at midnight. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Richard King
ston. Mr. and Mrs. J. Kingston,
Mr. and Mrs=. Hichard Kingston of Oak
land. Mrs. Suilivan, Katie Foley. Mrs.
Fitzgerald. Mrs. Burg, May Kingston,
Annie Kingston, Lillian O'Connor, Nellie
Kingston. Mamie Sullivan, Lottie O'Dea.
Mat- Bennett, Tessie Ouinee, Tessie Fox.
MarKUfrlte Kingston. Rosie Burg. Louisa
Burg. Kittle King-ston, Kalie Coglan. D.
Cogfen, D. Hurley, Ed. Turner, Lester
<'"; r !an, James Manning, William Coo
pan. Al. Shepston. O. Kingston; Richard
Kingston. John Kingston. Frank Guine*.
C. li. O'Connor. J. Kingston.
A most enjoyable farewefl surprise
party was tendered Miss M. Helen Keany
at her residence, 14 Oak street, on Monday
evening-. April SO. prior to her departure
on the Australia for Honolulu. The even
ing: wa? ppent in dancing, sing-ing and
frames. Misses Brietzman and Bennett
iind Howard Morton and E. C. Prosek
contributing to the programme. Those
jires.-nt were: Mi«se? M. Keany. S. and F.
I'.rtitzman. Isabel Hizon. Klla McClosk^y.
M. Mooney. Irene Bennett. Julia and Ella
Mc<'ormack. S. and M. O'Connor. Clara
Barnes, Julie Mile--. M. and C. Miles. Mrs.
fclcCtaskey, Mrs. Simpson, Mr?. Keany;
C. F. McCarthy, L. Arplegate, J. Callaghy,
A. M"hr, Harvey Harrison. Normand
Mr.hr. Eva McCIoskey. R. PrOF^k. How
ard Morton. I". Hyett. Georee Sloan, L.
Sweiin, Charles Prosek, J. Kavanagh.
Outing Parties.
At Bums Villa, near Glen Kllen. Sonoma
County, a welcome party was piven Sat
urday evening, May U, in honor of Louis
A. Morgenstern. the well-known theatri
cal manager, and his charming wife. The
(Ugant hous» wes decorated in an artistic
and tasteful manner by a bevy of young
lady friends. The magnificent grounds
were illuminated with hundreds of Jap
fanete lanterns, while garlands of flowers
and smilax were entwined throughout the
cliiing-room and dance hall. The follow
ing rr"gramme was successfully carried
out under the direction of Max Abrahams.
Overture, Blum's Band; song, "Waiting,"
Mrs. Max Abrahams: Cakewalk, Master
<Jw«?n Burns; comic songs. Max Abra
hams; Highland fling:, Mrs. L. A. Morgen
ptern; recitation, "I Cannot Talk To
liicht. Mother." Mrs. Amanda Burns;
f-.r.g. "I'll Leave My Happy Home for
You." Ed Burns: leperdermain and disan
j-f-arins tricks. Lewis A. Scatter; finale,
thadow nantomlme.
After tho concert the floor was cleared
ond dancing irvlulK^d in till the wo« small
family and father, will leave shortly for
Mark West Springs.
Miss Blanche Allenberg and Miss Celia
Stern are staying a few . weeks at Ben
Lomond. They are accompanied by Leo
Allenberg.
Mrs. C. B. McLean and family have left
for Mill Valley, where they will spend the
season. They will occupy the Marcus
Houpe on Corte Madera avenue.
Miss Emma Becker will return to her
home on the 30th inst., after spending a
month in the southern part of the State.
Miss Agnes Seelig has left for New
York.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Eisenberg and Mrs.
E. Magnes will leave for the East May
27 and sail for Europe on June 19, to be
gone several months.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Repsold and daughter
are .spending the summer at Hotel Belve
dere.
Mr. and Mrs. George Whittell have
closed their residence on California street
and moved to their summer home in Ala
meda.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Adelsdorfer have
removed from 2019 Pine street to 292S Cali
fornia street. Mrs. Adelsdorfer will be
pleased to see her friends the first Friday
in June.
A t tbe Resorts.
THE GEYSERS-Arrivals at the Gey
sers for the week ending May 23 are:
Miss H. B. Hoyt, J. A. Edwards. Miss
Lulu Estes, Santa Rosa; Mrs. A. L. Shol
burn, Harvey CahiH, Ogden, Utah; James
II. Jennings, Sam S. Green (manager San
Francisco Hotel Gazette). Mrs. C. E. A.
Foerster, Roland Foerster, George A.
Gohen and wife, B. de Laney and wife.
Arthur G. Flsk, G. W. Hallowell and
wife, J. McCarty, H. A. ' Marvin, San
Francisco; B. L. Meadon, Cloverdale;
George Bell, Mrs. Bell, Miss Mollie Phil
lips, Miss Georgia Phillips. O. F. Staton,
Dry Creek; Mr. Bryant. New York; Mrs.
Williams, Hollister; James Watson Jr.,
San Rafael; S. W. La Dee. Coral. Mich.;
\V. J. Young, Oakland.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Gilroy Hot Springs
during the past week: John Meieruierks.
N. K. Eustalhin, M. Hollings. Miss Meta
liollings. H. Dangers, II. B. Phillips. A.
Clark and wire. William C. R. Turner,
S. Preston, Charles E. Arnold, John Meyer
and wife, J. McDonnell, S. L. Alkins, Mrs.
J. D. Lawrence, G. C. Owens and wife,
W. H. Ballette, Mrs. M. B. Langtree, C.
Anderson, Mrs. Clara Malley. William C.
R. Turner, C R. Turner, San Francisco;
O. Stoesser, Thomas Snodgrass and wife,
Watsonville; Miss M. Tennant, Miss M.
E. Sunyne, Pacific Grove; Mrs. J. C.
Smith, C. R. Tompson and wife, Nevada.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Recent arrivals
at Highland Springs include: Benjamin.
Davis, George B. Crandall, H. M. Ames
Jr., F. Vautier, T. C. Tognazzini, Valerlo
Tognazzinl. A. Green, W. H. Wolf, G. A.
Webster, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Ellsworth,
Miss M. E. Cantelow, P. J. O'Dea, Mrs.
H. F. Woods and maid. Master Frank
Woods, Master Clarence Woods, Mrs.
John Sloan, Mrs. L. II. Curtis. Dr. M. J.
Gillett and wife, J. J. Collins and wife,
Judge and Mrs. John Hunt, P. A. Mc-
Donald, Fred Koenig. E. Drysellus, San
Francisco; George C. Codding, Sonoma
County; Miss Beckham. Mrs. M. K. Low,
Alameda; Edwin Swinford and wife, Co
lusa.
AETNA SPRINGS — The followlngguests
registered at Aetna Springs during the
past week: Rev.. David McClure, A. Maer
tins, Harry Lewis, M. H. Morris and wife,
E. F. Preston and wife, Miss Preston,
Miss Edith J. Preston, Miss Norma E.
Preston. George P. Thomas, H. Helwig,
F. W. M. Lange and wife, Thomas Ash
worth and wife, San Francisco; Mrs. E.
B. Hartson, Miss Daisy Hartson, Miss
Ethel Hartson, Napa; H. J. Toews, Mani
toba. Canada.
DUNCAN SPRINGS — Among those reg
istered at Duncan Springs are: F. A. Col
ley and wife. Miss Helen Marie Colley,
Mrs. D. W. Montgomery, Ella S. Mont
gomery Elizabeth S. Montgomery, Mrs.
E. C. Sargent. Miss Cashman, Mrs. A.
Schultz, Mrs. O. D. Wheeler, J. Jerboner,
J. E. Collver, Miss Charlotte Hughes, Mrs.
M. J. McDonald, C. W. Kenizer and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Schultz, San Francisco;
R. Abbey, Oakland; Zephanlal James,
Gold Hill, Nev.; Mrs. M. H. Peck, Mu
nich, Germany. -
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Saratoga Springs
during the past week: F. Maniott, E.
Swasey, P. Quinn, Mrs. M. Tallman, H.
Rlppe, A. Preston and wife, J. Heney, A.
Meger, W. T. Vogel, Mrs. Hunter, San
Francisco; G. A. Dauphiny, Miss E.
Dauphlny, F. Crockett, Eureka; A. W.
Clark, W. Laro, Secramento; J. T. Whe
land, S. Lewis and wife. Miss L. Lewis,
Lowrens Lewis, Mrs. X. Lewis, Seattle;
F. Thornton, E. Cotter, E. Bray, San
Jose; E. N. Forster and wife, Ventura;
E. Swinford and wife, Colusa; L. Passa
locgon. Healdsburg; F. Green and wife, S.
S. Russell. Lakeport.
BARTLETT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Bartlett Springs dur
ing the past week: Harry Wilde, A. M.
Byrnes, G. T. Davis. Dave Friedman,
Fred S. Harrington, San Francisco; Wil
liam Stork, F. Hamburg. Danville: E. C.
Erisllson, Humboldt; B. T. McLean,
Berkeley: Edwin Swinford and wife, Co
lusa; Pete Droge, Fresno; J. B. McNa
mar. Sacramento; C. Buck, Hough
Springs; John Ahern. Alden: T. G. Pat
terson, Lincoln; H. B. Cockrill and wife.
Lakeport; G. H. Hoag, Santa Rosa.
PARAISO HOT SPIUNGS-Registered
at Paraiso Hot Springs are: W. Fahey,
A. Malatesta, Frank Taafe. R. Wheeler.
L R. Ellert. J. T. Senecal. M. T. Kemp
and wife, Mrs. J. Jonas, Mrs. M. Homan,
J D. Hill and wife, Miss Catherine Hill,
MrB. Hyer Frank, A. L. Carr and wife,
San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— J. -M.
Walsh. Dave Johnson, Santa Cruz; F.
L Ryden, P. W. Morse, Watsonville;
Captain 0. Cayer, Salinas; M. F. Laugh
lln. Moss Landing; A. J. Ackerman and
wife, C. A. Jansen, Carrie R. Posnen,
James A. McCawley, A. H. Grand and
wife, Lob Angeles; Mrs. J. T. Papinta,
Miss Nellie Paptlng, Mrs. Jane Austin
and maid, E. Frank Basse, J. A. Laird,
Miss Minnie Freemont, Oakland; F. F.
Spreckens. Miss Anna Beckwith. Mrs. J.
T. Beckwith, E. L. Stevenson, Alameda;
Miss A. Bernard, Mrs. J. C. Bernard,
Santa Clara; D. C. Paltonand daughter,
Charles M. Backesto, San Luis Obispo;
A. B. Kohn and wife, R. J. Spencer, E. L.
Merritt, Jesse N. Merritt, Chicago; C. R.
McDonald, Frank J. Kelly. Tuscon: J.
K. Canfleld, George M. Goldsmith. Phil
adelphia; B. C. Paquette, Mrs. H. K.
Nichols and maid, New Orleans; Mrs. J.
W Hu3ton. Miss Jennie Blake, Mr. and
Mrs. T. Perrln, St. Louis.
ADAMS SPRINGS — The guests at
Adams Springs are: E. Stelnway. Ward
Stone George Hunt, J. L. Robinson, Mrs.
J. L. Robinson. H. J. Simmen. San Fran
cisco; H. Dunlap and son. Napa; Charles
Webb Frederick Reich. William Flagler,
Joseph Hogan. James Hickey, P. J. Ward,
San Francisco; James McGulre, Vallejo;
J. Casev, Calistoga; P. S. Mackay, Oak
land: Spiers. Calistoga: Dr. J. E.
Hackey. Dr. Hicks. Middletown; J. Slyla
vanas, San Francisco; James Hunter, Miss
Isabelle Hunter, Alameda; N. Cole, Calls
toga; Thomas McGrulll, San Francisco;
Walter Beatty and wife, Oakland; S.
Struve, Mrs. Struve, Watsonville; M.
Fitzpatrick, W. J. Huguly, Henry
Pregge and wife, Joseph Murphy, P.
R. Murphy, L. ¦ Ingalsbe and wife,
James Hansen, G. F. Luhke, San Francis
co; F. H. Boggs, Lakeport; John Allman,
A. P. Swain and wife. Oakland: W. R.
Parker. Vacaville; L. Green, L. J. Phil
ips, E. E. Garber, W. C. Gregg,
San Francisco; H. Kavanaugh, Va
cavllle; E. Mahue. wifjj and child,
San Francisco; D. F. O'Connell,
Oakland; B. L. Oilier, George Ahrens, H.
Schmeider, H. Coblentz. H. Hess, San
Francisco; Mrs. L. McKelly, Lakeport;
M. Cronin, Sacramento; W. H. Robinson,
Oakland: W. G. Cords, Vallejo; T. H. El
lis, San Francisco.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests are registered at Skaggs Hot
Springs, Sonoma County: S. Sachs, Hugo
Bachrod artd wife. J. A. Abbott. George
Frltch, E. E. Perley. Miss H. Keefe,. C.
M. White, Thomas Crowley, George H.
Burnham, P. Lewis and wife. Miss Stella
Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hart, F. Zin
kand and wife, William P. Lewis and
wife, Vai: R. Bury. Don. J. McKay, C. S.
hours. About 150 were present to do honor
to the occasion.
The friends and members of the Ane
mone Social Club had a very enjoyable
outir.g at Camp Pistolesl. May 13. After
a long and beautiful ride many pleasant
hours were spent in boating, fishing and
mountain climbing. Those enjoying the
outing wero: Miss J. Greenlnger, Miss F.
Grceninger. Miss F. Burger, : Miss A.
Paulson, Miss M. Paulson. Miss M. Ma
son, Miss F. Cooke, Miss M. Malloy, Miss
A. MrCabe. Mr:?. L. Greeninger. R. C.
Greeninger, J. II. Paulson. G. Johnson,
A. Johnson, A. Greeninger, A. Sundberg,
1£. G. Nye and D. Allen.
Ciub Parties.
The Greven Choral Society held Its sec-
ond concert and hop on Tuesday evening.
May 15, at Sherman & Clay's Hall. The
affair wos a delightful and artistic suc
cess. The programme in full for the even
ing was as follows: Overture, selected,
Ropner's orchestra; "Fair Olivia" (sere
nade from '"Twelfth Night," Schubert),
Greven Choral Society; tenor solo, "Win
ter Storms Have Waned" ("The Walk
yrie," R. Wagner). Horace Hanna; duet,
"O, Restless Sea!" ("The Sailor's Re
turn," C A. White). Miss Ida M. Collins,
soprano, and Mrs. C. L. Johnson, cou
traito; soprano solo, "Ocean, Thou Mighty
Monster C'Oberon." c. M. von Weber).
Miss Lilly L. Roeder; "The Lovers," Aus
trian rnejody (Thomas Koschat), Greven
Choral Society.
Overture, selected. Rosner's Orchestra;
"Fairy Tales," "Idol's Eye" (Herbert),
new edition by Frank W. Healy, Miss
Mabel Christes. Mrs. Lillian B. Ewing,
Frank W. Healy, Frank C. Germain; vio
lin solo "Romance Sans Paroles." op. 25
(Thome), Miss Marie Abeille, pupil of T.
Hf-rzog. Mr. Bonelli accompanist; bary
tone solo, prologue. "Pagliacci" (Leonca
vallo). Carl Sehwordtfeger; quartet, "Rig
olttto" (Verdi), Miss Lilly L. Roeder (so
prano), Miss Leontine Wefelsburg (con
tralto), John Bralton (tenor), C. Schwerdt
feger (barytone); march song, "Behold
El Capitan" (Sousa). Greven Choral So
ciety.
In the Future.
Mr, and Mrs. A. S. Fass announce the
confirmation of their daughter, Myra, at
the Geary-street Temple on June 3. A
reception will be held the same afternoon
at their residence, 1238 Eddy street, from
2 to 6 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Kirschbraun announce
the confirmation of their daughter, Ethel,
at the Congregation Sherith Israel, June
3. She will receive friends at her home,
1&04 Sutter street.
On next Tuesday evening. May 29. a
grand musicale will be given at Byron
Mauzy Hall under the direction of Benja
min W. Fabian and his pupils. The feat
ure will be Edna Marion de Guerre, who,
though only 7 years old. Is considered a
wonderful pianist.
Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Uri announce the
confirmation of their daughter, Jeannette,
at the Temple Emanu-El, Sutter street,
Sunday morning, June 3. They will re
ceive at their residence, 1140 Pacific street,
near Jones, on the afternoon of the same
day.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Packscher announce
the conhrmaiion of their daughter, Se
lina, at lu a. m., at the Geary-street Tem
ple, Sunday, June 3. She will receive
at the home of her parents, 1305 Scott
street, from 2 to 5, Sunday atternoon,
June 3.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Coleman announce
the coniirmation of their daughter, Hat
tie, at the Congregation Sherith Israel,
Post and Taylor streets, Sunday, June 3.
They will receive from 2 to 5, at 112 Sec
ond street.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Frohman announce the
confirmation of their daughter, Mabel, at
the Bush-street Temple, Sunday evening,
June 3. They will receive Monday, the
4th, at their residence, 22$ Second avenue,
Richmond district.
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Pollack will cele
tirate their twentieth wedding anniver
sary at their residence, 1225 Golden Gate
avenue, to-day from 2 to 5 o'clock. They
will be pleased to see their friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Shaen will be
pleased to see their friends in honor of
the confirmation of their daughter Pearl
at the Geary-street Temple Sunday, June
3. at 10:30 a. m. They will receive Sunday
afternoon, June 3, from 2 to 6, at their
residence. &S2 McAllister street.
Mr. and Mrs. Myer M. L.oewenthal an
nounce the confirmation of their daughter
Edythe at the Geary-street Temple Sun
day morning, June 3. They will receive
at their residence, 2211 Sutter street, from
2 to 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Harris take pleas
ure in announcing the confirmation of
their daughter Golda. They will receive
June 3, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at their resi
dence, 1132 Golden Gate avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Breslauer announce the
confirmation of their daughter Leona at
the Bush-street Temple on Sunday even-
Ing, June 3. They will receive the follow
ing afternoon at their residence, 1348 Web
ster street-
Personals.
Major Lewis Smith, Fourth Artillery,
U. S. A., and wife leave June 3 for a
tour of the world. They are to visit Paris
in August.
Mrs. A. Oppenheim of 1402 Montgomery
street left last Saturday for Byron Hot
Springs for a stay of two weeks.
Mia* Annie Engler has returned from
her visit to Mrs. C. J. Gardener at Mill
Valley.
Mrs. Julius Gabriel and baby and Miss
Gertie Joseph left for Nevada City last
Sunday. They intend to stay about six
weeks.
Mrs. T. Cohen, widow of the late Mark
J. Cohen of Juneau, Alaska, has come to
this city to reside at 1357 Webster street.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Henry Barbat and their
daughter Alice left the city Monday even
ing, May 21, for a trip East.
Dr. R. L. Walsh and wife have returned
from the spring* after a month's vacation.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool of Casa Esperanza,
Haywards, Is entirely restored to health
and leaves early In June for Cape Nome,
where she will remain until September,
prospecting and practicing her profession.
On her return Dr. Cool will occupy the
residence at the corner of Thirteenth
street and Broadway, Oakland.
Mrs. J. A. C. Roeder of 741 Filbert
street has left for an extended trip to
Europe. While abroad Mrs. Roeder will
visit the Paris Exposition.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott are at present
on their way to make an extended visit
of several months at Paris. Their stay
will probably be one of about a year's
duration at the Exposition and other
European cities.
Miss Constance Schmitz has returned
from her three weeks' visit to friends at
Healdsburg and Cloverdale.
Llnde A. Waphburne, shorthand re
porter in the Supreme Court, who has
just recovered from a severe Illness, left
for the East on Thursday last, accompa
nied by his wife and three-year-old baby
Dorothy, and Mra. Washburne's aunt,
Mrs. Frank .W. Whiteslde. Mr. Wash
burne secured a month's leave of absence
from the Governor for the purpose of re
gaining his health, and also to pay a visit
to his home and that of his wife's in
Ohio.
Mrs. Frank W. Whiteside, wife of Dep
uty Collector of Internal Revenue F \v
Whiteside, has left on a visit to her na
tive, home In Ohio. A trip to. the national
capital, where several friends of the
Whitesldes are residing, will be a portion
of the pleasures In store for this lady and
her traveling companions, Mr. and Mrs.
L. A, Washburne.
Mrs. M. Dolllver the wife of J. E. B.
Do'.liver, a prominent Alaskan miner,
leaves shortly for Peoria, 111., with her
son. Walter H. Tarsln, for an unlimited
stay with friends and relatives.
ailss Nellie Willis Moffltt of Oakland is
visiting Miss Belle Jaffe of 100S Main
btrect, Seattle.
Mrs. William J. Newman of 2320 Clay
street will discontinue her day at home
during the summer months.
Mr?. Ben Schloss of 514 Devisadero street
will discontinue her day at home for the
present.
Sixe. Max Abrams, accompaned by her
Crittenden and wife, M. L. Schmitt and
wife, M. B. Strong and son, Philip Bush,
Mrs. Dr. E. L. Wemple, Miss Muriel
Wemple, Julius T. Prince, Chester Skaggs,
James H. Jennings, George Bush, Leon
Galnes, F. Hoffman. J. It. Daggett, J.
P. Thorn, W. E. Foster, S. H. Seymour,
San Francisco; W. J. Young, R. S. Col
lins, Oakland; Captain Charles Rock and
wife, Alameda: E. L. Finley, Vernon
Goodwin. J. R. Edwards, W. W. Skaggs,
Santa Rosa; E. W. Skaggs, Miss Ibie
Gully, L. A. Kahrs, Healdsburg; Mr. and
Mrs. W. G. Curtis, San Rafael; N. W.
Scudder, Petaluma; C. C. Glldea, Fulton;
Alpha Crook, Cloverdale; A. W. Heyd
mann, Hawaii.
PASO ROBLES— The following guests
are registered at Paso Robles; James
Stuart and wife, John Ml Curtis and wife,
Miss Elsie Smith, John Stapleton, C. W.
Clark and wife, E. L. de Arman, N. H.
Eaton, R. Gallegos, Thomas Denigan, G.
H. Thomsen, A. B. Vogel, E. Oppen
heimer. S. C. Smith, Colonel S. M. Mills
and wife, S. J. Sinnen, H. Brunner, J. F.
Forbes, J. L. Green, T. G. Marcus. Frank
L. Hunter. William A. Tufts, Stanley
Ponton, J. D. McCarthy, Gus Coblentz,
R. P. Grubb, W. H. King, O. E. Hall, E.
R. Spangler, W. D. Eaton, San Francisco;
J. L. Barker, Berkeley; Charles H. Mail
tette. San Diego; W. W. Seaman, Sacra
mento; I. N. Richards, S. C. Spaulding,
Los Angeles; J. G. Graham, P. J. Lynch,
Stockton; O. W. Schmeder. Clyde Sable,
Nevada City; Miss E. V. Scripp, La Jol
las, Cal.; G. A. Daugherty, Salinas.
SEIGLER SPRINGS— The following reg
istered the past week at Seigler Springs:
Thomas Gunderson, P. F. Dugan, A. B.
Dodge. William Gregg. W. C. Wright, G.
T. I^ehite, J. J. Sullivan. San Francisco;
George Herbert and wife, Vallejo; Wil
liam Spiers, Miss F. Shamp, Calistoga; B.
E. Young, Middletown; Mrs. S. Kelm,
Auburn.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— Registered at
Byron Springs during the past week were:
C. O. Bishop, Mrs L. Godchaux, Mrs. J.
Swenson, Mrs. J. J. Rauer, Mrs. E. M.
O'Brien, Andrew Carlson. A. P. Hogden,
M. Brilliant. Maggie M. Casey. E. J. Cam
pion, I. F. Vellado. J. L. Burgess, Mrs. H.
Max, H. Marx, P. O'Brien. J. Larson,
Mrs. J. W. Hamm, Dan Denny, A. A.
Brown, William R. Dalngerlleld, Frank
Coffin V von Drobroaski, Mrs. J. F.
Hink. E. 'La Forest. Mrs. H. Farrow, C.
O. Bishop Jr., Mrs. C. H. Wilson. M. Da
vidson, Mrs. R. J. Graf, N. Cahonard,
Charles Precht, J. H. McTnnis, F. G. Ag
new, J. M. Levy, Mrs. J. Gomez, G. Hoch
stein. Mrs. Louis Meyer, Mrs. H. Stratten,
J. Politz. Mrs. P. O'Brien. J. W. Hamm,
Mrs. T. Oppenheim, Mrs. \V. G. Holcombe,
M. J. Brandenstcin, H. E. Blake and wife.
J. Weill. J. F. Hink. Miss Alma Hink, W.
J. Jones. San Francisco; J. T. Taylor,
Bakersfleld; Dan Fletcher, Byron; J. H.
Mclnnis, Mrs. J. H. Mclnnis, Mill Valley;
Dr. A. Bruenn. Mrs. A. Bruenn. Oakland;
R A. Cooke. C. Franklin, Portland, Or.;
Mrs. H. C. HotfiltPr, Mrs. C. Grofmlller,
Sacramento; A. Wilson. Livermore; A. L.
Field, Miss Field, Reno, Nev.; G. Mcln
nery. Mrs. Brown, Stockton; Mrs. Ida
Lonjers, N. G. Green, Mrs. H. G. Green,
Colusa; W. Irwin, Colorado Springs W.
J Jones. Nanaimo; A. C. Sutton, Gait;
Horace Fogg, Stanford University.
Los flngelss.
On Friday evening the Deux Temps
Club gave its closing dance, which was
a very brilliant affair. Among those pres
ent were: Mercedes de Luna, Nita Dra
kenfeld. Grace Laubersheimer, Bernie
Newlin, May Prentiss, Edith Maurice,
Renna Kane, Carrie Bogart, Reba Cole,
Florence Drain, Callie Koster, Florence
Fry, Alice Gwynne, Bertha Kane, Llna
Johnson, Belle Harden, Josephine Lewis,
Florence Avery, Florence Clute, Bessie
Allen, Edna Fraser, Marie Gavagan,
Maud Herbert, Annie Walker, Kate
Walker, Ruth Downey, Bessie Pendleton,
Belle Whitaker and Shirley Jenkins;
Messrs. Charles Walton, John Kelly, Wal
ter Maxwell, Fred Lambourne, Woodford
Davisson, Paul Crippen, Harold Barham,
Will Crippen, Bruce Hatch. Henry O'Mel
veny, Fred Hambright, Martin Marsh,
John Bernard, Frank Barham. Percy
Wicks, Charles Halfhill, Wheeler North,
Walter Rees, Raymond Moore, Paul
Kowan, Charles Hopper, Charles Willets,
Ralph Maurice, Ben Harwood, .Nestor
Hasson, George Fuller, Louis Everett,
Bert Wiggins, Sam Kreider, Clarence
Moore, Harry Anderson, Moyne Stevens,
George McLaln, Leigh Ford, Ray Koster,
Frank Gillelen, George Graham, John
Bloeser Jr., Itowe Sanderson, Richard
Heinmann and Norman Bishop.
Miss Maud Biglow of Marion avenue
gave a hearts party on Friday evening
in honor of Miss Jessie Rutledge, who has
Just returned from an extended Eastern
visit. The Gamma Phi Sorority assisted
in receiving. The lady's flrst prize, which
was a burnt leather cushion in red and
black, was won by Isabelle Teale. Walter
Lentz received as the gentleman's flrst
prize a pair of ebony and silver mounted
military brushes. Miss Alice Retzer and
Edwin Terry received the consolations.
Among the society members, present
were: Helen Bushnell. Eula Smith, Maud
Tanner, May Biglow, Lois Walter, Laura
Fitch, Agnes Crites, Ansely Sayre. Doro
thy Gilmore, Rena Smith. Jessie Rutlegc,
Irene Buel. Florence Whittington, Eva
Perry, Marie Rofsel, Clara Matlock, Car
rie Lentz, Jack Marsh. Oliver Perry, Ray
mond Hill. Lynn Van Harman, Lute Hera-
Beau, William Burkhart, Will Schrader.
Oscar Schrader, Will Stern. Archibald
Thompson, Harry Baskervllle, Robert
Sayre, Warren Gllmer,. Bernard Tanner,
Gordon Wynn and John Staub.
A very enjoyable dinner was tendered
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Salkey at Levy's on
Monday evening. While Mrs. Salkey was
being entertained by ladies In one room
Mr. Salkey was likewise being entertained
by the gentlemen in another, it being en
tirely unknown to both. While the dinner
courses were being served the ladies sur
prised the gentlemen by joining them. An
elaborate dinner was served, the cham
pagne being accompanied by toasts.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Hellman. Mr. and Mrs. Nord- I
linger. Mr. and Mrs. L. Baruch. Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Baruch, Mr. and Mrs. I. B.
Dockweiler. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Laub.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Frank, Mr. and
Mrs. James W. Hellman, Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Stern, Mr and Mrs. A. Prenzlauer,
Mr. and Mrs. Sunderland, John Off, Eu
gene Roth, H. J. Woollacott, M. Adler and
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Seligman. Mr. and Mrs.
Salkey left for Chicago.
Miss Myrtle Schaefer gave a farewell
party on Monday evening at the home of
Mrs. Ackerly of Sonth Flower street. She
was assisted in entertaining by Miss Zaidie
Hartwell and Miss Hazel Schaefer. The
house was very tastefully decorated with
ferns, llowera and ribbons. Among those
present were: Lillian Moore, Kittle Dan
iels, Aileen Staub, Jessie Lacey, Marie
LindenfeM, Ada Smith, Helen Beach.
Lucy Howell. Alta Enslow, Cressy Ens
low, Lily Olshausen. Sidney Drakenfeld,
Stuart O'Melveny, Charles Clay. James
Utley Charles Castello, Francis Shannon,
Theodore Cadwalader, Maurice Cadwala
der and Wallace Connon.
On Thursday a very pretty luncheon
was given by Mrs. Adele S. Browning at
her home In Bonnie Brae street. Among
those present were: Mrs. C. F. Hastings,
guest of honor; Mmes. Burhalter, Town-
Bend, Rust, the Misses Kate Kennedy and
Winchester.
On Tuesday a luncheon waa given by
Mrs. Frank P. Flint, assisted by Mrs. A.
L. Dauskin, at her home on Pasadena
avenue. Among those present were:
Mmes. C. N. Flint, S. C. Hubbell J M.
Stewart, F. C. Howes J. C. Call, C. Bar
bere, A. Hine. A. Lester. M. Cole, S.
Vickey, M. T. Allen. D. Thompson, M. H.
Flint, Clarence Hall. Edgar Palmer. \V.
J. Washburn, S. S. Salisbury, G. Aubrey
Davisson,. Harry Callender and the Misses
Flora Howes, Addle Doran and Clara
Howes.
On Thursday, at her home on South
Hill street. Mrs. W. L. Wade gave a
luncheon to a few of her Intimate friends.
Covers were laid for Mmes. Chamberlain,
Kimball, Case. Grlffln. Lockhart. Poin
dexter. Judd, Morris, Brown, Jones and
Voohies. -
The Century Card Club and a few
friends were entertained by Floyd D.
Dressery at his home in Mitchell plac*.
The evening was spent in playing whist,
after which refreshments were served.
The best scores of the evening were made
by Miss Long and Harold Doig. Among
the members present were Misses Get.
trude Hutton. Eugene Devin, Lottie
Stroscker, Stella Starr, Dosia Dressery,
Stella Reynolds. Stella Blanchard, Fan
nie Jcnes. Edytha Jones, Messrs. Harry
Guston, W. Scott Reddington. A. M.
Imelli. George Hays, Eugene^ White ann
Harold Doig. The guests of the club
g resent were: Misses Anna Long. Julia
treeter. Agnes Cloetta, Lena Cloetta,
Mr. McNesh, Captain D. P. Qulnlan and
Mr. Diller.
On Thursday evening the Cirita Club
held Its last meeting of the season at
the home of Miss Lydla Browning on
South Grand avenue. The evening waa
spent in playing whist, prizes being
awarded the successful players. The
ladies' first prize was won by Miss Fan
nie Reed and the gentlemen's was won
by Mr. Bishop,- the consolation prize be
ing awarded to Earl Patterson. Among
those present were: Marian Lewis. Grace
Winters. Ethel McKinney. Ida Mannel,
Eva Tuttle, Mildred Lewis. Meda Hardey,
Messrs. Victor Tuttle, Joe Reed, George
Tuttle. Charles Mannel, George Parker.
Martin Lord, James Worden and John
Tuck. - .
On Thursday evenine the Shakespeare
Club of St. Vincent's College gave a boat
ing party at the East Side Park. A ft f r
spending some time in rowirig refresh
ments were served in the boathouse.
Among the members present were: Rev
F. McCabe, Elmer Booth, Kodney White,
Jesse Boyce, Ray Marion, Jordan Neei.
Albert Forthmann, Edward Moriarity,
Joseph McWilliams. Aigus Lindley, Peter
Marln. J. White, Fred Gilbert, J. Hayes
and George Beisner.
On Thursday evening a surprise was
given Miss Nan Scott at her home on
fcouth Hope street. Miss Amy Chappelow
received, assisted by Miss Delphlna Scott,
ine affair was given Miss Scott previous
to her departure for the East. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
glass, Mrs. B. P. Hutchinson, the Misses
Stahlmer Etta Stahlmer, Cora Glass,
"•\ r 'an. Sharpless. Hickcox. Chappelow.
AUtcnell, Kennedy, Scott. Knowels,
Messrs. McKeag, Fanning. Rogers, Den
nison Marsden of Pasadena, Dr. and Mrs.
Binn Smith and Boden.
The season of the Orange Whist Club
closed on Saturday with a pleasant trip
* il ta Monl ca and dinner at the Hotel
Arcadia. Among the club guests present
were: Judge and Mrs. C. N. Sterry. Mr.
and . Jfrs. Fay Mr. and Mrs. Hlnton. Mt.
and Mrs. Fred Kelsey and Walter Trask.
Mr. and Mrs. AV. H. Young gave a very
enjoyable whist party on Thursday even
ing at -their home on Twenty-seventh
street. Punch was served by Judge
\ oung. Mib's Josephine Dunn won the
Jirst prize, the consolation prize being
won by Mrs. Gonzolez. The gentlemen's
first prize was won by Max Egerer and
the consolation prize won by Mr. Street.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Malony. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Spen.
cer . Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hardesy, Mr.
and Mrs. A. \V. Edwards. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Reider, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Whlttley,
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Steele, Mr. and Mrs.
McCracken, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Street. Mr.
and Mrs. M. P. Paulson, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Gonzales. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Alvin,
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs.
George. Barton. Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Liv
ingston, Mrs. Wilder Dwight, Misses Sara
Bryan. Nellie Blddle, Agnes Carnes. Rose
Egerer, Anna Shubert, Mary Morris, Jos
pphine Dunn, L. Morris. Edith Hewton,
M. Gonzales, A. Gonzales,. Rena Dunn,
Ldith Hewton and Messrs. Reed, Max
Egerer. John Murray, Edward Hutchln
.«on, Ed Morris. Horgan, Joseph Alvin,
Graves. Ralph Egerer and L. Ramsey.
The Phi Delta Chi Sorority gave a pro
gressive dinner in honor of Miss Lillian
Guyer, who expects to leave shortly for
a European tour. The first course was
served at the home of Miss Hazel Ed
warda. on Court street, the second course
was served by Miss Anna Vickera of Sev
enth street, the third by Miss Kitty Wal
hridge in Westlake, Miss Helen Newlin of
West Twenty-eighth street the fourth,
Miss Susie Carpenter of West Twenty
seventh street the fifth and the last was
served at the Wilshire residence, where
the party was joined by the gentlemen,
where dancing finished the enjoyment of
the evening. Among those present were:
I-.Ha Lett. Alice Gwynn. Margaret Lee,
Marlon Lee. Fannie Rowan. Edith Maur
ice, Jessie Reynolds, Hamilton Fay, Ralph
Maurice. Fred Rowan, Frank Glllelen,
Roy Plnkham, Lee Garnsey, Merlck Rey
nolds. Barbee Hook. Tom Lee. Frank
Bugbee. Guy Carson, Tom Lansing and
Louis Manning.
Among some of the Los Angelenos vis
iting in New York at the hotels are J. C.
Hickey. C. S. Fay. Mrs. J. J. Fay Jr., W.
H. Bowman and W. J. McClellen.
L. W. Blinn has gone to San Francisco
on a business trip.
The Ebell Society was entertained on
Tuesday afternoon at the home of Miss
Hamberger on South Flower street.
Mrs. T. E. McShane was pleasantly sur
prised on Saturday evening at her home
on West Eighteenth street. The evening
was spent in music and games.
Miss Gerta Hatch left on Tuesday for
Chicago, where she will Join Mme. Bishop
on her tour of Europe.
Mr?. Frank Chase entertained the .Holly
Whist Club on Tuesday afternoon at her
home on Pasadena avenue.
Miss Minnie Wolf was given a party on
Sunday evening- by her parents. Mr. and
Mrs. John Wolf, to celebrate her eight
eenth birthday anniversary-
Miss Etta Schumacher was the gruest of
honor at a dinner Riven by Mr. and Mrs.
C W. Hatsoujrh on Sunday evening.
Miss Bessie Burr has as her guest Mls3
Edna Chrissman of Ventura.
Miss Parsons of the Girls' Collepiate
School has as her gruest Miss Grace C.
Sheldon of Buffalo, who is a writer an<l
newspaper correspondent.
Miss Clara Schmidt and Miss Kate Col
lins will pive a lawn party on the 24th
lnst. at the home of the latter on Caron
de'et street.
Dave Sprancler and mother, Mrs. Jane
E. Spraneler. of the Hotel TVestlake have
gone to Terminal Island for the summer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
26
SOCIETY
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Alaska
Commercial Couam!
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for I
—AMD—
St Michael
THE FIRST-CI*AS3
S. S. SAN JOSE
PATT.TVn
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
FOR RATES APPLT TO
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
ifej, Valencia
1/ f ° r
LEAV I *S (jt
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGES FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For pa«s«ngtr and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ill Nome
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma June SI,
July SI and August 27. The SENATOR, gall-
ing July 21, will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing at Noma
will continue north thro' the Behrlng Straits,
paat Kast Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing- Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect tbe
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage 'ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running Its steamers to
AlanKa— winter and summer— for 25 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For farther
-Information Inquire of J. P. TROWBJIIDOE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.: X. POSTOX. 149
Washington «t.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS.
124 Went Second St., Loa Angeles. Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agts.. 10 Market
it. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery «t..
Ban Francisco.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL, DISPATCH FROM SAM FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most
popular boat In the Alaska service,
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
WEDNESDAY MAT SO
FROM 8TEUART STREET WHARF at »
O'CLOCK P. M. SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second sailing
B. S. ZEALANDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
office
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 139 Post St.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
/•^^pi in a y
H23 brought back the beau!y and luxuriance
cl yauthful, Healthy Hair to thousands. It
stimulates the hair roots into taking up their
du ( y of giving life and color to ths hair.
Is not a dye Dors not soil hands.
SI a bottle at z\\ druggists.
One flppllcction FREE to All Purchasers
ot My Parlors.
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
MAKES FACIAL BEAUTY
Pcsslble to the plainest featured lady. Wrin-
kles and a dry, faded skin — all the marks ol
care, worry and Illness— speedily replaced by
a clear, ro-y complexion. 75 cents a Jar.
Ft C : A trial pot of tbe CREME free to
: L. - ladles sending tr>ls ad. and 10c In
stamps. f3lso booK of instructions and a
box of n>y Face Powder FREE.
?S T E&l ir SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
THE ELECTRIC NEEDLE
In Skillful Hands— fis Operated
at My Derrrjctological Parlors-
Warts, Freckles Moles. Pimples and all
Fac'a! Blemishes Scientifically Treated and
permansnliy corrected under my personal
supervision at my parlors.
MRS. NETTIE" HARRISON,
Dermatologist,
73 GEARY STREET, San Francisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-29, with the electric needle without pain or
pear. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 P.M.
What the World's Greatest Serpentine Dancer,
LOIE FULLER,
Says About the Skin Food and Tissue Builder,
BRAHMAN , - .
TOILET CREAM; A^^^i^y
"I certainly can recom- ,i€dt>"?*«?5L'iC^
mfnrl your delightful
Brahman Toilet Cream ffiTSfcZfiX VJ^.T
as the best thing for its l^iiF'SPfeHSi!
purpose I have ever . i&?->i? _^ vJs&Q
used." Price. DOc. Brah- (fe^fa "<rtt$v«*7
man Tooth Powder, 50c. •iSSJVw *i»i ! *3*^L
All druggists and at jfiS^J^StH&fe?*
A. W. Traverse. M.D. . ™
CASH or CREDIT.
Better Inspect My Stock of
FURNITURE, CARPETS,
MATTINGS, STOVES. Etc.,
Before Purchasing? Elsewhere.
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Estimates Given on Complete House
Furnishing.
BRILLIANT'S,
'338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Eveninss. NEAR POWELL.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
For Cape Nome
Al STEAMER
NEWSBOY,
Sailing --- June 1st, 1900.
For Tickets and Freleht Space
SbSE*' Apply to .1 Apply to
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO. J. O. McCALL & CO.,
667 Market Street. | 506 Market Street.
— OR TO —
WALTER SCAMMELL,
41S California St., room 32.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S STEAMEH
S-A.2ST JOSE
WILL BAIL FOR
CAPE NOME Direct Jane 2.
For Accommodations and Tickets Apnly at
OTTINGER'S TICKET OFFICE, Agent.
620 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
Tflfcp—^^ F"r Alaskan ports — IT a. tn .
V^-*?!f2?^ Slay -S. 31, J:m>* ",. fhanc. to
C^**v>5^'PW Cl m P an y' 9 steamers at
llBk fe»5VvH For Victoria. Vancouver IB.
»^5|(V^ r.). pert Townsend. Seattle.
B£-Tfii<y^v ; !l Tacoma, Kverett, Anacort»*
r^*5SiM(VS>t and Now Whatcom (Wash.)—
" m ~if An^Il 11 a. m.. May 26. 31. June 5.
* and ev*ry fifth day thereafter;
chanjre at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. m.. May
2S. Jure 2. and every fifth day ther»*»ft<»r.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon, rsy-
UC09. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo*. Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Pan Pedrn.
East San Pedm (1x53 Angeles) and Newport--
9 a. m.. May 27. 31, June 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For ?an t>1ego. stopptn* only at Port Har-
ford (San Lul3 Ohlsipo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Ang»Ies)— 11 a.
rn.. May 25. Z'J, June 2, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Enseaida, Magrdal^na T?ay. Pan Jnse rt<»I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. : m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reservea th<» rftht to eTiane*
¦teamers. sallhi* dates and hours of saillnir
without m-evloTi<« notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace H^tel).
GOODALL, PERK 1X3 A CO.. On. Aitents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THF n, R. ft n. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class including Bert^
I HnL $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
COLUMBIA S Xnls.V.'.V. '. '..' .' .' .' .' .' .' .May ¦ 2S.' ' June 7
Short line to Walla "Walla, Spokane. Butt"
Helena ami all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A*<mt.
GOODAU, PERKTXS & C^ Mark "
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
n W TORS. SOOTHAMPTOjr. L0.MD05. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York every Wednesday. 1» a. m.
New York May JOfNew York June ?>
St. Paul June «: St. Pan! June 27
St. Louis June 13j St. Louis July 4
RED STAF? LINE.
New Yorlj and Antw?r T
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington May 30|Southwark June !>
Noordland June t, Westernlaad ....June 27
Friesland June 13' Kensington July "4
empire: line.
P. P. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sellings from
Seattle to Nome. Pt. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 39. July 31. Anarurt 30. For rates
ajicI ot h^p i nformfl t ion n i*t^1^ to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAKHl
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p tn
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. ra!llnr at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an.t
connecting a,t Honjrkoni? with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallins.
S3. HONGKONO MARU
Thursday. Jun» 14. 19*>
S3. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1900
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1300
Via Honolulu.
; Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
C0XPAG5II GENERALS TBA53ATLANTIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,.^^_
Pnlllncr every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S90 at •""'' '•' •*"
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Mrrton st. LA TOURAINE. May $1: LA
BRETAGNE. June 7; LA LORRAINE. June 1»:
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21 First class to
Havre, JW) and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. S^T: 5 per
cent reduction en round trip. GEXERAl,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 33 Broadway (Hudson bulldfnfr). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
CEANTC S.S. CO.-HONOI.irHT. APIA
AUCKLAND AMD SY1»EY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu rnly)
' Wednesday. May 30 i%0 2 p. m.
S S MAHIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13, 8 p. m.
L D. SPrttCKELS % a. .OS. CO.. Agts.. 1* Montcomer)
Piir 7, Foot Pacific St Freiehtonc?.321 Market St
IKOSMOS LINtiitff-EfE!
¦ — — — — ~- 8SBAPIS .-WOO Toaa'
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso aad .Has bar?
Tii Mexican ports. Central, South America, «tou |
S.S. I-uxor. GOO tons, sails about Juno 5 *
I.D. srur.csifLS* Br.n<^«<».. «*-. u . m amtca*.>rr'M
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U.S. NAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcellow"
MOX i ,T ues - Wed-. Thurs. and Sat. at 9 :4S
a. m.: 3:1a. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni<ht>; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. J
p^ m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1Z03.
FARE spc
iSSll.00 us*
_^ ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
&: DRY GOODS COMPANY. «
V ¦¦
I Pique Suits and Skirts! Denim and Crash Skirts! %
I THREE SPECIAL LEADERS IN I
I PIQUE SUITS FOR THIS WEEK! §
% ...".' . §
§ All white pique embroidery insertion on jacket and skirt g
8 Black or lavender polka dot on white pique jacket and skirt, i^
& White pique skirt and jacket, trimmed with navy blue bands. ;J
1 ....AT S8.5O.... §
S The very thing for the country. Regular price $12.50. £>
I HIGH-GRADE TAILOR-MADE SUITS, j
gj At $20 — The nobbiest little Eton Suits of the season in grays, g
8 At $30 — Silk lined throughout, stitched taffeta bands, trim- §
S med, grays and black, the latest cut Eton. §
§ At $6.50 and $7.50 — Just received, a new lot of Short §
| Walking Skirts, double-faced cloth, suitable- for outing §1
S and country wear. §j
§ : o
8 Of
8 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. SEND MEASURES. $
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
o SE. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. «:•
Q O
S union sounRe. <jfylng effect upon an audience. Miss Maudo
Brown, a daughter of one of the richest
men in Vlsalla. will be Mrs. Boggs' right
bower in the fun-making business. She is
a graceful actress, a talented musician
and a skillful dancer.
Miss Sade Brlttaln possesses great tal
ent for stage specialties, and she will take
a leading part In the vaudeville show.
Miss Helen Brown, an artistic performer
on the lute, will do some specialty work.
Miss Florence Cross and Miss Edna As
kln will take comedy parts.
fpertal Dispatch to The Call.
VIS ALIA, May 26.— A number of
young ladles of this city are to give
a vaudeville chow at Armory Hall
jext Friday evening. As the par
ticipants are members of the best
families the affair is being generally
discussed, ar.iJ it is not likely that the hall
will accommodate the crowds that will
peck admittance. When it comes to re
f.ned public entertainments the young la
dles of VisaJla have few equals, and the
people hereabouts are still discussing the
merits of the vaudeville show given a year
ago and the minstrel show given last Feb
ruary, on both of which occasions these
young ladies distinguished themselves by
displaying verve, vivacity, brilliancy and
ability.
Mrs. Francis Boggs, a woman of genius
and originality. Is the manager of the pro^
posed vaudeville performance. She will
take a leading part. Her voice Is
strong and clear and the gags she springs
and the songs she sings have an electrl-
Fair Entertainers at Tulare's Capital.
Golden Gate Camp at Its meeting last
Monday night initiated tho following
named into the mysteries of woodcraft:
E. Maloney, E. F. Miner. J. H. Imbeck.
W T illlam Bloomheart and F. S. Price. The
camp is working hard to make the picnic
on the 10th of June at Mirabel Park a
success. Next Monday night the camp
officers will be elected for the ensuing
term and the same night thirty delegates
to the district convention to be held in
Santa Rosa are also to be elected. C. C.
Ingelman. nominated for consul com
mander, will be elected without opposi
tion. For delegates fifty-eight names wcr«
placed in nomination.
Woodmen of the World-
Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of ths
G. A. R-. will hold its annual memorial
service in its hall In the Alcazar building
to-morrow night. An invitation Is ex
tended to all Grand Army men and
frlend3 to be present.
Seven Pines Circle.
The twenty-first anniversary of the in
stitution of the Order of Chosen Friends
will be celebrated by an entertainment
and ball In Odd Fellows' Assembly Hall
to-morrow night under the auspices of the
several councils of San Francisco. The en
tertainment will commence at 8 o'clock
and the grand march will be started at
9:30.
Order Chosen Friends.
Golden Gate Council No. 84 had a very
large attendance of members and visiting
brothers In Young Men's Institute Hall at
headquarters, the occasion being an of
ficial visit of the grand officers. Much
enthusiasm was manifested.
The Young Men's Institute Journal, the
official paper of the order, published,
monthly, has been greatly Improved un
der the new management. Besides a rec
ord of events In the order, the Journal
possesses considerable literary merit. Tho
management feels quite encouraged with
the generous support it Is receiving.
The grand president and officers visited
Leo Council No. 86 at Port Costa recently
and found It In excellent condition. They
witnessed the initiation or several new
members.
Phil Sheridan Council No. 72. T. H. I..
will give a high class entertainment and
social, assisted by well-known talent, on
Thursday evening next in Mangel's HalL
Young Meoi's Institute.
elnging and story telling occupied the tlma
of the excursionists when not examining
the beauties that are to bo seen on sucn
a trip.
of Hermann's Sons, were the guests at a
banquet tendered by Germanla Lodge No.
7 in Druids' Hall. There were present
more than 200 members of the order, and
after an excellent supper there were re
sponses to toasts by Grand President Os
car Hocks, ex-Grand President Charles
Trautner, Grand Secretary Otto Guy.
Grand Trustee E. A. Groezinger and
others. The affair was under the direc
tion of C. C. Henke, J. Diehl and H. Alfs.
The thirtieth anniversary of tho institu
tion of the Order of Hermann's Sons in
this State will be observed on the 3d of
June by an excursion to and picnic at
Sunset Park. Everything that can be
will be done to make the event a most en
joyable one. Oscar Hocks, Charles Traut
ner and Otto Guy are the committee of
arrangements; L. Scharenberg. J. Jahn,
J. Tillmann and R. Mueller, supervision
committee: E. A. Groezinger and William
Rust, floor managers; F. Rose and J. P*.
Penning Jr.. assistants.
Fraternal Eagles.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. 5 eleven candidates were
admitted by Initiation and sixteen appli
cations were received. Secretary Gus
Pohlmann* announced that he would do
nate a fine gold badge to the member of
the aerie who shall dispose of the greatest
number of tickets for the picnic to be held
to-day.
Golden Gat© Aerie No. 61 was instituted
in this city on last Monday night by Dep
uty Grand President J. F. Cheethara. as
sisted by Ed L. Wagner. Gus Pohlmann,
E. L. Head. David Creamer. M. Abrahms.
W. F. Long. J. H. O'Brien and many
members of San Francisco Aerie. The of
ficers are J. L. Herget. P. P.; James P.
Dockerv. P.; Thomas J. Gallagher, V. P.;
H. L. Coffin. C; B. F. Hanlon. S.: F. C.
Bates, T.: Frank Smith. Cond.; E. E. Kel
ley, I. G.: W. Compton. O. G.; Dr. T.
w. Leland, physician; Thomas H- Lind
say. William May and A. Jacobs, trustees.
At a subsequent meeting GU3 Pohlmann,
secretary, and Phil Ambrose and William
Blendberg of San Francisco Aerie initi
ated fourteen candidates for No. 61. Eigh
teen applications were presented.
San Jose Aerie has arranged for a pic
nJc to-day.
Sutro Heights Excursion.
There were nearly three hundred per
sons on the steamer that was chartered
by Court Sutro Heights of the Foresters
of America for an excursion on the bay
In celebration of the anniversary of the
foundation of the court. There was a mer
ry time on board. The excursionists were
taken to all points of Interest on this bay
and San Pablo Bay, and there was a stop
for lunch at McXears Landing-. Music
street, It being the anniversary of her
birth. After congratulations the visitors
inaugurated an evening of pleasure. A
more jolly crowd seldom ever before as
sembled In this city, and it was fun from
the beginning until "Home. Sweet Home"
was pi »yed at 2 in the morning. All the
young ladies were dressed in white, con
tributing to an interesting aggregation of
numbers who took part in games, and
after a midnight lunch dancing was kept
up until the hour named. Those who
made up the party were: Mrs. Goetting.
Mi"S Annie Worth. R. W. Walsh, Mls»
Grace Walsh. Mrs. Walsh. E. Walsh. Miss
Helen Lcnhardt, R. Weber. Miss Mollie
Long. Miss Cora Long, Miss Alice Ticou
let E Lenhardt. Miss Corine Frechette,
M Goetting, G. P. and Mrs. Spotorno.
Mrs) Frechette. A. Baldocchi. Miss Ade
line Trautner, Mrs. E. T. Terry F. Moon
E. T. Perry, Mrs. Llgon, C. Frechette and
L. R. Atkinson.
American Companions.
The following named have been elected
officers of Robin Hood Circle No. 5S for the
ensuing term: Lizzie von Puttkamer,
chief companion; Miss Lillie Cantrowich,
sub chief: Miss Mamie Schoen, financial
secretary: Miss Alice Ticoulet. recording
secretary; Mrs. L. Ticoulet. treasurer;,
Mrs Bertha Bruce, right guide; Mrs. Ray
Michaels, left guide; Mrs. Mamie Parr, in
side guard; Mrs. Erhardt. outside guard.
Last Wednesday the members of this cir
cle gave a dramatic entertainment In aid
of one of the members who is in distress
The announcement that Miss Alice
Ticoulet, grand treasurer of the compan
ions of the Forest of America, will be a
candidate for the office of grand sub
chef has drawn out a gTeat deal of favor
able comment. The lady an ardent fra
ternallst. has great love for the work pf
the Companions and of another order in
which she is making rapid strides. The
argument of her friends is that a young
person who has the ability and is ready
to work for the interest of the order
Sl presidio Circle had the following officers
Installed for the current term by Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood. D. D. C. C. assisted by
the modest member of Inter Nos Circle,
Sophie Stempke. C. C.; Lupple Sacaduga.
S. C: Maude Boggs. R. G.; Miss Metzler.
L. G.; Agnes Cunningham, R, S.: W. J.
Donlon. P. S.: F. Stempke. T.: Miss M.
Boogs, I. G.. and Charles Werner, O. G.
After the ceremony there was a banquet
at which there were short discourses by
the deputy visitors and new officers. This
circle has of late added quite a number to
its membership.
On the night of the 22<3 inst. the recently
elected officers of the Grand Lodge, Order
Order Hermann's Sons.
On Friday. May 18. Mission Ix>dge held
«m open meeting at its hall. 2121 Mission
etrett, when the committee on entertain
ment presented a varied and interesting
California. Golden Gate and Mission
lodges of the Odd Fellows. Manchester
Unity, will jointly give an excursion to
and picnic at Los Gatos on Thursday, thr.
7th of June. The following named are the
officers cf the picnic committee: F. L.
Griffiths, chairman; A. F. Calderon, vice
chairman; O. Jenserj. secretary, and S. M.
Reynolds, treasurer. The games commlt
toe is getting up a number of new at
tractions in the 11 n« of athletics.
Odd Fellowship (M. TJ.).
Last Wednesday night Farnsworth
Lodce rave an entertainment to its
friends in the Odd Fellows' building,
when the following programme was prc
6frtte<:: Plar.o duet. Mlss-s Alice and
Ju!ia McNevln; recitation. Brother Henry
Knobcl. P. G.: fancy dance. Miss Juli.i
McNevin: afidreEs. good of the o™*er.
W I Btcbeclt. N. G.: Cakewalk. Hazel
W^onknd Katie McNeil; recitation.
John S'ovensnn. P. G.: violin duet. Misses
P Kl^vr-rsahl and S. Alexander: song arm
daace. Judith K*usch: barytone eoio. C.
M. Emerson. George H. Morrison. P. G.
M • N E Flint. P. G.. arsd Charles M.
Emereoa were the committee en cnter
1 The *foli owing narr.od have* been elected
riireetr-r? of Odd Fellows' Hall Associa
tion: Cal^b P.rind. J. Deas C P. Gibbons.
EL Benedict. W. II. Blunden, A.
II. Cousins. J. K. Daly. E. O. Flanders.
J. A. Foster. J. S. Godeau. Joseph Grcen
»*-rg. J. W. harri?. T. Hock. H. S. Jones.
Ti. II. Lloyd, Davis Louderback, J. J.
Ligjrle, C. M. MaFon. T. R. Morse. E. Nie
moif-r. J. W. Perry. M. J. Platshek. A.
1'iiil.n, Charles C«ua?t, J. S. Reed. Wil
liam BatraskT. A. B. Riehrt. C. Rorber. H.
Ki^rn. T. Stffner. E. W. Sehmdor. F- Tok
1*5, C R. *rhran<\ Charles Trautner. F.
W. Warren. Joseph Winterburn. The dl
rr-ctors then tlected the following of
ficer?: President; M. J. Platshek; vice
president. J. W. Harris; treasurer. Bank
of California; Fr-crrtary. C. F. O'Neil;
attorney for the board. R. II. Lloyd.
Sixty-three thousand out of the CS.000
shares \vor«» ror>resent«»d. During the
year tho association paid two dividends
and raid off J2000 of the indebtedness.
Parker Lodgc. which baa already ini
tiated eight strangers during th^ term,
v:M\ initiate one more next Tuesday.
The Odd Fellows.
Olive Branch Chapter will have work In
the Initiatory degree In its hall to-mor
row r.lght. It will be performed by the
officers in that manner which has won
for them a very enviable reputation.
Golden Gate Chapter at Its last held
meeting elected two candidates and re
ceived several petitions.
Harmony Chapter had work in the in
itiatory degree at it? meeting last Thurs
day r.lght, after which there was a social
The annual "children's night" was held
hv Oak Leaf Chapter of Oakland laat
Thursday n'ght. It was a delightful func-
A party of members of this order and
friends left vesterdav for a three days
*-xoi;rs«on to Highland Springs and points
of interest In Lake County.
.The Eastern Star.
j The new officers of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3 are wonders, for each one has his
i work memorized. J. Patrick and T. Ed
gar Dunne of this lodge are happy be
cause they are uncles. It is said
that the officers of this lodge excel all
others In this jurisdiction in the ritualis
tic work. At the meeting of May 18 four
candidates were initiated and eight appli
cations were received.
Oakland Lodge will soon reach the 300
limit. The attendance of the membership
in the lodge's beautiful hall Is remarkable
and unprecedented.
Los Angeles Lodge Is working to havo
a Ptate reunion of Elks In Los Angeles
next October. Messrs. Goldsmith and
Levy of that lodge were In this city last
week making contracts for necessaries for
the reunion.
A new lodge is to be started with
eighty-five charter members at Redlands.
It will- be instituted next month. It is
Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler Kennedy's
first lodge, and in view of the fact that It
will have J45O3 in the treasury at the start
it may be classed as "a corker."
The lodge In Bakersfleld has been reor
ganized with fifty-five members and a
goodly sum in the treasury. More of
LVpu£y Kennedy's good work.
Forty names have already been secured
to a petition for a new lodge in Santa
Barbara, to bo Instituted in August. Still
more of Deputy Kennedy's 'work.
San Diego Lodge members, with their
wives daughters and sisters, will present
the opera of "Marltana" next month. HI
Alden will appear in the leading role.
After the performance a supper will be
S< San Jose Lodge has taken entire charge
of the Fourth of July celebration in the
Garden City. An effort will be made to
have all the Elk lodges of the State rep
resented. .,;¦ " M _.
Three Modestoites were fitted with ant
lers by Stockton Lodge of Elks last Tues
day night, and rumor has It that eix
H. S. Manning, delegate from San Fran
cisco to the Grand Lodge, assisted by the
entire delegation from tho Pacific Coast,
will endeavor to have the reunion of the
Grand Lodge of Elks In 1902 held in San
Francisco.
The Elks.
California Lodge is actively at work in
the interest of the order. At Its last held
meeting it received four strangers, who
wore initiated, after which the blue de
gree was conferred on several entitled to
receive the same.
Golden Gate Lodge at Its last held meet
ing received several candidates by Ini
tiation. This lodge is working hard to
make the iiicnlc a success.
programme, which was followed by danc
ing. At the regular meeting preceding
this event the lodge Initiated nine candi
dates and conferred the white degree up
on seventeen eligibles. This lodge on last
Wednesday presented to a large audience
in Mission Opera Hall a pretty three-act
play entitled "A Fireside Idyl," which
was rendered In a very acceptable man
ner by the Mission players, the charac
ters being by Miss Corinne Fiske, Miss
Tonla Grottkan, Miss Celle Burns, Miss
Lizzie Bel rude. Miss Laura Webb, C. II.
Taylor. William G. Sass, Louis T. Brown,
Thomas McKay. Miss L. von Geistfeld
and Fred L. Griffiths. The latter, in addi
tion to assuming the role of Joe Garland,
performed the duties of stage manager.
Dancing until midnight was next In order.
NEWS OF FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS
by Mrs. Genevleve Baker on "The Inevit
able," song by Miss Annie Simpson and
prayer by Miss Mollie Long, past presi
dent. The language used in both ad
dresses was touching In the extreme,
veritable exotics from the flowery field of
thought.
The following named delegates to the
Grand Parlor have been reported since
last week:
Joaquln Parlor No. 5, Stockton — Emma
Barney, Rose Gnekow. Amelia Mills.
Eschol No. 16, Napa— Mrs. J. Schwarz.
Alameda No. 18, Alameda— Louise Hick
man. Golden Bar No. 30, Sierra City-
Kate J. Dubordleu. Parri No. 38. Dixon—
Mrs. L. tiortheimer. Ruby No. 46. Mur
phys—Etta Kielbar, Dardanelles No. G6,
Sonora— Mrs. M. J. Hampton. Lucia V.
Faxon. Veritas No. 75, Merced— Mamlo
Ryan. Emma Nordgren. San Jose No. SI
— Tlllle Campiglla. El Poscadero No. 82.
Tracy— Belle Frerlchs. Princess No. 84.
Angels— Myrtle Lee. San Miguel No. 94,
San Miguel— M. R. Murray. Buena Ven
tura No. 95— Orpha Foster. Conrad No.
101, Volcano— Clorinda Camlnettl. Copa de
Oro No. 106. Holllster— LeUa Shaw. Gen
eva No. 107. Comanche— Mamie C. Duffy.
La Bandera No. 110— Amanda Wood, Mrs.
O. Johnson. Eschseholtzla No. 112, Etna
Mills— Rosalia J. Smith.
On the night of Tuesday, . June 5, La
Estrella Parlor will give an apron and
necktie party In the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building. The committee in
charge has secured for the occasion a
number of Mississippi silk ties and
aprons.
Native Daughters.
The officers and members of Golden
State Parlor celebrated the tenth anni
versary of Institution on the night of the
12th at a banquet In one of the local ro
tisseries. There were addresses of con
gratulation by Miss G. Shade, the presi
dent; Miss Johanna Meyer, recording sec
retary, and Miss L. Hayessen upon the
success the parlor has had since Its or
ganization. On the occasion of the visit
of the grand president, Mrs. Slfford to
this parlor on the 16th Inst. sho was'ac
companied by. Past Grand Presidents Miss
Wilkins and Mrs. Mills, Past President
Mrs. H. Meyers of Alta Parlor and repre
sentatives from Orlnda, Buena Vista and
Amapola parlors. The grand president
before adjournment addressed tne mem.
bershlp, saying that sho congratulated
the officers for the rendition of tho ritual
istic work, as there had not been a single
mistake; tor the harmony that prevailed
and for the respect shown the officers, a
combination of good qualities seldom met
with. She was sorry that there were not
more visitors present, as they would have
had a most excellent object lesson. After
addresses by the other prominent visitors
the business of the evening was closed
and the prettily decorated hall was turned
into a banquet hall, in which a delicate
collation was served. The parlor named
Is one of those that' move In quiet grooves
and accomplish great results.
Last Monday night a number of the
membership of Buena Vista Parlor ana
others surprised Miss A4ele Llgon, one ot
the members, at her home, 10 Monroe
lor held memorial services for the eight
members who have passed away since
the institution of the parlor. Tho hall
was prettily decorated with choice flow
ers, inere was an eloquent address by
Mrs. Lucia Neubarth. the president, a
song by the parlor, delivery of an address
more from Stanislaus' county Beat will
undergo the operation at ah early date.
The beautiful work of initiation as per
formed by No. 21S is receiving much com
mendation from members of sister lodges,
who always find it convenient to drop In
on lodge night when in the mill city.
The Druids.
Last Thursday was Initiation night In
El Dorado Circle and John Hutton, D. D.
S. A., was present to see that the new
officers performed their duties -correctly.
Miss Fabbrl, the arch druidess, astonished
the deputy, as also did her corps of offi
cers. In doing the work without book and
In a manner that won his admiration. Two
strangers were Initiated and six applica
tions were presented. During the evening
there were remarks by Mrs. Signorelll,
P. A. D.. and Miss Lazar of Olive Circle
of St. Helena and F. M. Bazzln of Golden
Gate Circle.
The picnic last Sunday at Glen Ellen
by Galllleo. Volta. Aurora and Alplna
groves was attended by such a large num
ber of people that It required twenty-four
cars to convey them to the grounds. It
was estimated that there were three thou
sand persons on the picnic site. On the
way to the steamer of the Tiburon ferry
nearly three hundred members, each
wearing a white hat. marched on the
boat. There was an enjoyable time for
all.
Manzanlta Grove, under the direction of
the newly Installed officers. Is keeping up
the good work that was started by the
preceding ones. List Thursday night nine
strangers received the first degree and
later in the evening a large number re
ceived the third degree. The membership,
which less than six months ago was less
than 30, numbers now 215.
The Native Sons.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt has forward
ed to the ladles of the California Club a
series of resolutions adopted at a meeting
of the Grand Parlor held In Orovlll©
thanking them for their Initiatory steps
In the direction of saving the big trees of
the State, and for their efforts to pre
serve and beautify Telegraph Hill.
Last Tuesday night J. J. Lerman. secre
tary of the Yosemito Commission, ad
dressed the membership of Stanford Par
lor No. 76 In Shasta Hall, Native Sons*
building, on ."The Yosemlte Valley." the
lecture being Illustrated with stereoptlcon
slides by members of the California Cam
era Club. There were Introduced many
new views and much that Mr. Lerman
said was decidedly Instructive, as It told
many a great deal that they would find
of great value should they desire to visit
California's great wonder. After the lec
ture. James Dougherty entertained with
tenor selections. S. Crackborn amused
with a bone solo and a monologue, whtla
others furnished vocal music. Pipes and
tobacco, refreshments and sandwiches
were then In order.
At tho meeting of Stanford Parlor last
Tuesday night Past President J.'.W. Lewis
appeared as an exhibit In the uniform
that the members of the parlor to the
number of 150 or more will appear In-on
parade. It Is a neat black blouse with
"76" In silver on the collar, dark panta
loons and black cap, the attire being sim
ilar to- the. service uniform of the navy,
except aa to color.
Native Daughters.
Last Thursday night Buena Vista Far-
VISALIA LADIES AS
VAUDEVILLE ARTISTS
Splendid. JLTTSi-y of Talent Preparing for em
IExxtertain.33a.e33.t in Armory
HalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
Miss Ctertnids Grimes will executs some
fancy dances.
Miss Lena Rice will take a eoubrette
part.
Mrs. Herbert Askin will" render several
vocal selections.
Thalia " Graham, a little mls3 of few
years, whose form Is lissome and sup
ple, will execute some graceful gyrations
in the way of Ektrt dancing.
The vaudeville show will be one of the
chief society events of the season.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
FAREWELL WEEK.
7V1R. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANT.
TO-NIGHT. MONDAY and TUESDAY
NIGHTS and WEDNESDAY (Memorial
day) MATLNEa
LORD CHUMLEY.
Wednesday and Thursday nights, "A BACH-
ELORS ROMANCE. J '
nmwday matinee, "CAPTAIN LETTAR-
BLAIR."
Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday mat-
lnea. "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
I Announcement Extraordinary! |
OPENING OF THE COMEDY SEASON.
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT, June I.
DUNNE & RYLEY'S
Including,
• Matthews and Bulger.
• Mary Marble.
_ : Walter Jones.
I nflF : Maude Courtney.
LUUft. : Phnip Ryley.
: Bessie TannehllL
IT : Tony Hart.
A I : Loulee Rosa.
: Adelj-n Estee.
TUP : John w - Dunne.
I fir : Marion Gunning.
J.I1U : Ethe i Klrwan.
»t i Biir»r» : Gertrude Wood.
11 A ret r S '• The 8 Mascots,
lliiulljO* : English Dancin* Olrta.
: The Pony Ballet.
: Wiseman's Male Serenaders.
: And a splendid chorus.
Presenting FOR THE FIItST WEEK.
HOYT'S
"A RAG.BABY."
BEGINNING MnWR A TfEVEXIXQ,
TO-MORROW 1»1U1\ U A 1 May 28th.
TWO WEEKS ONLY!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
N. C
MAXINE
IN THEIR GREATEST SUCCESS.
WHEN TZ7"I
WERE flg|§
TWENTY- S3.il
ONE i&Sg
By H. V. ESMOND. * S § & "%>
j 11 i«»»m— 1 cn"» „
Cast and Production Iden- g on Zi j 2
tlcal to That Been at • . B m 3 >.
the Knickerbocker Theater, > S «j
New York. ;:::::: ' n
*^ PHOXE MAIN S32.
THE ONLY NEW PaOGSA -MS IN THE CITY.
RICE'S Famous Historical Kxtravaganza.
"14-9:2 1"
Proclaimed Last Evening by a Crowded and
Enthusiastic House to Be a Brilliant
Success and a Delightful En-
tertainment.
New Somrs. New Dances. New Jokes. New
Ballets. Everything New and
Ui>-to-Date.
EXTRA MATINEE — WEDOTSDAT NEXT,
"DECORATION DAY."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
A CONCERT HOUSE
122-m O'FARRELL STREET.
MATINEE TO-DAT AT 2:15.
¦Week bednnlns Monday. May 28.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF, In acts from
"LUCIA" and
"HUGUENOTS."
MISS SANDOLTN IN ENGLISH SONGS.
LITTLE MELVILLE COAKLEY.
Child Singer and Comedian,
HINRICHS" UNRIVAL.ED ORCHESTRA!
ADMISSION, 10c; reserved seats, 25c.
A NEW ALL 6TAR FEATTTRZ: BILL.
Week Commencicz To-Day (Sanday Matinee).
May 27th.
L^ian BURKHART
ANT> COMPANT
la Her Lateat Success, "a Deal on 'CTiange."
THIRD AND LAST WEEK 07
EZRA
KENDALL
Ths Famotu. Orisisal, Always New and Ever
Welcome Monoloelst.
...VANDY...
Tb» "Original" Jnegter.
PAGER OERTTB
MIDGLEY and CARLISLE
In an Orlstal Rural Comedy. "After School."
MAGNANl FAMILY
America's Fazaoo* Musical Barbers.
BARTHO
Premier Danseuse.
LOUISE CUNNING
Tno Pretty Scot Songstress.
WILSON FAMILY
Colored Musical Comedians and Dancers.
BIOGRAFH
With New Views of Stirrine Scenes la Africa.
MATIXEE TO-DAY (STTNDAT>. MAT TTTH.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c:
Children 10c, any part. A few front
Orchestra Row*, reserved, 50c: Ftnnt
Rows of Balcony, reserved. 25c.
REGULAR MATINEE DECORATION DAT.
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, HAY 27, •
CONCLUDING ROUNDS
OB* THE — ¦
OPEN AND SAPLING STAKES
AND
CHAMPION STAKE I
Luxor vs. SIsquoc
Theron vs. Master Clatr.
Palo Alto vs. Rural Artist.
Wfcitehead vs. Herscfcel's Frida.
Flying Fox vs. Ireland.
"Warship vs. Narcissus.
MTreiC BT VON DER MEHDEN'S BAXD.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Tow^end streets 19:15 a.
m.. 11 a. m.. 13 m. and 1 p. ra. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after last eours*. Saa Mateo
electric cars every six minute*.
ADMISSION— » CJSNTa, LADIES FREE.
OLYMFIA %5£S^m
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW E*
THE CITT.
First appearane« of ? J . ;
MARRY HOLMES,
And hia wonderful dog; DANDT. , .!
MABEL LE CLAIM,
Operatic Soprano. > 7 5 T'»
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's premiere cornet soloist.
MLLE. THELMA,
In pose* plastiqu« extraordlnarr.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
MATINEES EVERT STNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT. '
ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
CONTTNUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERT NIGHTt EVERT NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday nlg!rt.
ADMISSION FREE.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Oven Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. 7
Bathing from I t, m. to U p. m.
ADMISSION, 19a CHILDREN. 6a
Bathing. Including admission. Cc; Children. Co.
The Weekly Cal
$1 per Year.
*TJ¥QLI*
LIST TIMJ TO-NIOHT 0T
"THE WIZARDjlF THE NILE"
"ONE FOR ALL
AND
ALL FOR ONE!"
Gorgeous Production
..TO-MORROW EVENING..
Of the Romantic Comic Opera
Founded on Dumas' Novel. Music by Varney.
ALL THE FAVORITES WILL APPEAR!
Brilliant Display of Costumes and Scenery!
Superb Chorus and Symphony Orchestra!
LVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
POPULAR 25c and 50c PRICES !
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY.
SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
Tlie Fastest Hounds in America Will
Compete in Over Fifty Courses.
TO-DAY.
Mission-Street Electric Cars Direct.
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— THE BUTTERFLIES.
TO-MORRO"W NIGHT and Entire "Week.
First time here of Clyde Fitch's Doxneatlo
Comedy.
A SUPERFLUOUS
HUSBAND!—
A TALE OF MARRIED LIFE.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
June ?— FLORENCE ROBERTS aa EAPHO.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW 1
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
AT NIGHT'.
Telephone for Beats Park U.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
28
6AN rilANCISCO CALL.
mrSKCEES OFFICE cf The Fan Fraaolsco
Call, romcr of l!nri:et and Third Ftrcetn. op«n
until i; oV;o<k every Dlgfat in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— i^7 Montgomery street.
cut me Clay: ope-n until S»:JO p. m.
"CO Haves street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fZ» McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
<15 Lsrkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. in.
C'Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til I p. m.
lo« nieventh etr«N»t: cpra until > p. «a.
;C".<6 Vaier.ciR ctreet: cp«n until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrr.^r Twenty-seccT.d and Ken-
t;:ckv yir^.ts; rr°n unt'.l S p. m.
CHincil StSRVICBS.
Fr^nyp Unltartsn CT.urch. comer Twentieth
er.d Ctj>r> sta.— Rev. E. M. S. Hodsln, pas-
tor <rrsid>:iee COu Cern St.). 10 a. m., Sun-
day-school; ll a. m.. Dornlsx Bennon, sub-
ject. "The Now Patriotism. " Special evening
nu-niTial service at 7:45 o'clock in commemo-
ration of the patriot d<ad. James A. Garfii id
P< yt of the Grand Array of the Republic will
attend In a body. AdilreFS by Paj-i Depart-
ment Orr.maridpr G<"n. Edward S. Salomon;
alfo short addreyprs by the i.astor and Henry
X. Clement. Muslo In the evening by cur new
volunteer chcir. Visitors are cordially wel-
comed. All seats free.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John HexnphtU,
!>!'., pastor. Kev. C. P. IXrland. D.D., First
CongreoUooal Church. Los Anetl*»8, will
j reu h at 11 a. m. Th» raster will preach
et 7:«T. p. m. Topic, ever.lrg, "The Founda-
tion of Our Faith Tried and Sure." Children
may l>e presented fcr bactlsm at the begir.-
r::;jr cf th* inornlau service. All are cor-
<-:a:iy Invited.
OTRST Congregatlcr.al Church, corner Post
ana Ma«nn ft?.— Rev. George C. Adams.
LUX, ;astur. Pacific Coast Congregational
Congress. Tho following clergymen will
preach: At 11 a. rr... Rev. S. H. Kortoa of
tan Diego. CaL: at 7:45 p. m., Kev. A. W.
A^tpixan, pastor of First Congregational
Churca et Portland. Or. AH are cordially ln-
:;-•!.
ET. PAUL'S Church, California St., between
FUlmore und Steiner, Rev. W". Maxwell
I'.- Uly. rector: Rev. A. C. VTilson. assistant —
Hcly ConmniBfOR, 7:S0 a. m. ; Sunday-schc-oi,
9 ?¦ a. r.i.; morning service and sern'.uii by the
rector, 11 o'clock; monthly choral festival
f ¦nice. 7:43 p. ra.
TKINITY Cbsrdb. corner Bu*h and Gough Ets.
—Rev. Frederick W. Cla.mj>ett. D.D., rector.
Holy communion, S a. m. ; morning service,
li o'clock; evening; prayer. 4 o'clock. The
i ¦•¦¦ tor 'Ai'.l preach,
FIRST Chun* cf ChrlPt. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Putter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
»vf. — Christian Science Uibie les-son at 11 a.
n:. : subject. "<Jod the Preserver of Man."
Pnwlay-ecfaooJ frr children at the same hour.
Wednesday ereclnx meeting at S o'clock.
Free readme rocm, 2M Kearny si., room 510.
All welcome.
BKORGAXIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 220
}'< Ft Ft.— Preadxtaa; li 11 a. m. and 7:4a p. m.
This ehurvh claims d:vin»; origin. A restora-
tion of the "everlasting" gcspel to prepare a
pe>-rl«« sfainus of good works for the coming
of Jeans <"hrltt to jurtce the world. All wel-
come. -Trove all things."
ASSOCIATION building. Mason ar.d Ellis sts.—
iias-s meetinc for rr.en only to-day at Z
o'clock; address by Mr. N. H. Jacks, general
¦ecrrtanr Bt the Oakland association; subject.
"A n'orfctnc Crtt-j for Men." Seats 'ree and
aii v.u:x men lr.vited.
CHUBCH ct Jesxn Christ of Latter Day Ealnts
—Services at 11 s.. rn. and 7:45 p. m. at Pj-thlan i
Hfc.ll. »'•$ Market st.. Sunday. May 27. Elder
George Squire* will address the evening con- j
pnratUn: subject. "Tne Restoration of tfct
¦:¦ Gospel of Christ," All are welcome.
THE Firrt Divine Science Church, m! e!
Cramer, pat-tor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
J«h t. "Lia<i:r.g. or Divine Consciousness —
Which'." Service* every Sunday at Home ;
Collcjre. SSCO Seventeenth ex... between Mis-
¦lon and Valencia.
THE Theosophical Society.— Free public lee- I
tores every Sunday evening at ? o'clock, ln ;
Theo«oj-,hie Hall, Odd Fellow's bldg.: to-night, i
"Tbeoooptir and Marriaco." by Mr. TV. L. '
DiKf-y. <;nidf-a Chain Group et 11 a. m.
MEETINGS — SIMJAY.
TIIK releiirated lady lecturer, MRS. ISAAC I
BEXCY will tell -Why 1 Left the lioman i
• :-.i:. lie church," on Friday evening, June 1, !
f=: I <.- c ;ocK, at the First Christian Church, j
Twelfth Etnet. between Mission and Howard; !
adir:'.f=*ion free.
FIBKT Christian Feience Temple meets 2 j
o'clock p. m. to-day. Golden Gate Hall, C5 :
Butter ft.; fubject. "Omnir'reser.t Life." 1
_ Clara Foltz, rrc-s-ider.t; public invited.
AT Dr. Rines' Spiritual Society, &09 Market;
11-8. lre«r; 2:30. |Ae; Mrs. Vigears. Se^ley. Ba-
ley; all tests; sealed questions read; all mem-
bera as 4:3j p. m. meeting to elect aid officers.
MRS. OILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting j
t).:s evening at Pythian Castle. &$ Market at.; ]
bring sealed questions, ore and flr wers; as- I
siMed by 2 izood mediums; 30c; ail welcome. '
UENJAM1X FAY MILLS Fpeaks on "YVar i
Ara.ir.st War" at Metropolitan Ttmyle. at ¦
'¦'¦>" p. m.; eolos by Dr. J. A. Bro-.cn.
AT KbTharflt'F Tf-mple of Truth, spiritual test
meeting t.i-rught. Z210 Twenty-second et.. cor-
ner Bartlm.
EDWARD EAKLE. 220 E!1U £t.-Seance to- i
rcicht; questions answered.
EPIKIT return U^ir.cnMrated: 317 Larkin: 8 p. I
m.; Mmes;. Wrenn, Itlller. Gatje, Vi^arr, oth.
AT Friendship Hail, 2S". McAllister it.; Mrs. '¦
Meyer; eon. tests to-night; lac: cir. every eve.
KItS. %YINCHEPTF.R. 1610 Clay; circle to-
S; Tuesday. 2 p.m.; consultations daily.
ATTEND Mm». Marquise's test circle to-night i
_JU ». 10c; 5 Hyde; readir£s daily. 10 to C.
1£M"E. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to"-
CoC McAllister; 10c; come, eke^tics.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to^nightr~jewel7.
sealed letters read; 10c; sittings daily. 138 6th.
lins. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. Fand 8 p.
m.. l'K-; also Mon. eve.; read, daily. 142 Sixth.
MRS. MEN'A FRANCIS, independent plate
writing m-<lium. il« Halrht *t.
MEIJI'JNGS Inivmal tlrotherbood.
THKOSOPHICAL Society in America^ ?liTilkT^-
I-rf-cture io-n;ght,- "Repentant Hypocrite?." by
H. H. Soraerfc. Int. brotherhood League Tues
n.frht; eubjtct. "The Coming Race." Chll-
_dren'« L-jtus Group Eundny 11 a. m. Room 30.
MSKTOTG NOTICKS.
MISSION" L-^pe No. 16S, pTanil aT£T^ m
Otftcers and members are hereby notl- j\
tied to attend the funeral of our d--- \& 5f
ctastd brother. FRANK WILLIAM f^r^
BART, from the Masonic Teinjile. 2658 M!s-
Elon St.. TO-DAY (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock
Kuneral from the general hospital at Pr«-
*idi<> to Nations.! Cemetery at 2 p. m Uv
order of the XF. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
OFFICERS and numbers of V/aT -raom*.,^
halla Keb^kah Lodge No. 130. are
requeued ?o be present at Odd
Fellows' Hall. THIS DAY (Sun-
day), at l o'clock, to attend the funeral of
our late siEter. MARiJAUETHA SCHLICHT-
ING. By order of
¦ MISS. GEORGIXA HENCKEN, N. G.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I.~oTo. „• «,*—>
5\. »•!! initiate three candidates
Monday, May 2S, ISOG. ¦5fe?SfcQ5
N. M. PETERSEN. tt. G. r*SiiP Sl
WM. E. VVEUHHART. R. S.
THE thirteenth annual incnlc IZyT^Z
of the Suns of Ft. Gejrge r r**-.- r LZJ >
will be hell WEDNESDAY. >7AJi3 V»w
May SO. at Sunset t'ark. -^tJCSv «£^
Santa Cruz Mountains. A r^^ji^^*^
most lntereetins programme vTV lO^Sr
of Ensrlish nmes and sports S Vfcii^-'.Jv
for uid and young, fat and . fi^-gSjiRJ
tean. A grand tug ct war— s Xi.iT-»s«* r
Eaa Francisco vs. Oakland ani Alamcla.
Valuable prizes will b* offered lor all events
Huelc and dancing will hold forth all day In
large favlllon. Train* leave S. F. ffoot of
M«tk(»t Bt.). 7:45 and S:4i a. m. Special train
¦will leave r\ lateenth and Franklin. Oakland,
t a. tn. Tickets < round trip). ?1; children, COc.
ANCIENT Order of FnreMers— The twen- «_^"
ty-sixth asir.-ial ':icn!c will be held in P^Y
tiefntetsen 1'aik, nt-ar San Kafael. on >l
tt'EIttTCSDAT. Mav 30. DM. Round- fcT_J»
ui'j ticktt. including admicslon to park and
chance in cate prizc-s. acuits W)c, children 2io.
Valuable j.at<- Er.d *rar:>c prizes will be dis-
tribatei. Ticke-_s can be procured at A. O F
butldme. 3<2 O'l'arrell st., or at the ferry on
mornias cf iiicnic.
J. FALCONER, President.
R. N. McLENNAN. Secretary.
THE Caledtrian Club will hold Its v CT >.
th:rt>--fourth annual gathering and 3\, Jioj
F«rati «t Shell Mound Pa-k on Vvxr!c
»KDXE>:DAY, May 30. The best *&£**
athletes of the Pacific Ccast will compete
for prizes. Ov»r $2100 will be distributed
KuM bands for ravilicn dancing up to 8
p. m. li&iii>l\it:rn for platform and fancy
<*ar.eln?r. Over forty event* on programme;
pet ore. A Highland welcome with a full
Any of plenrure to all. I5uy round trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
ground*. a<!u!t*. oOc: children. 25c.
TICKETS for the great organ recital ar.d l?c-
ture t<; be delivered by M. ISRAEL PHYCE.
A.M.. LL.D., on the immortality Of the poul.
at Metropolitan Temple. WEDNESDAY
EVENING. Jur.e 6, ir.ay foe purchased at the
Emporium all this week, lie and £0c.
CO-OPERATIVE Brotherhood — Employment,
insurance; TUESDAY EVENING. 117 Larkin
ft ; speaker. Hon. J. Taylor Rogers; subject,
"Sen-lc* aiid Co-cpcratlon Are Essential to
Llfo."
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the etockholders or the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 227 Market
tt Ban Francisco. California, on MONDAY,
the 28th <iay cf May. 1900. at the hour cf I p.
m fcr the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to eerve rcr the ensuing year and the
transaction of eoch other buelne^e ae may
come before the meeting Transfer books will
close on Friday. May 18. WO. at I o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. 6ecrttary.
MEETING XOTICES.
OFFICERS and members of California -5*{-
Lodge No. 1, K. of P.— You are here- v Ik
by notified to attend the funeral of^^SK-
our late brother. F. W. HART. *SSJ3i
from Presidio Hospital TO-DAY (Sunday),
at 2 p. m. Interment National Cemetery.
By order. ALLAN H. BROWNE. C. C.
THE California IX-brls Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Hubert Hill. In the Gardners
iNjint mine, near Port Wine, Sierra County,
to deposit tailings in Sawmill Ravine; from
Charles Hlitcn. ln the Dry Gulch placer mine.
near Pleasant Valley. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailincs ln Clear Creek: from L. Foss,
in the Woodchuck mine, in Gold Laki> Mining
I '.strict. Sierra County, to deposit tatlincrR in
TVoodchuck Ravine, and from the Golden Hill
lllnlr.g Company, ln the Golden 11111 mine.
near l'owellton. Butte County, to deposit tall-
inps in a ravine, elves notice thai a meeting
wtll be held at room T3, Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 11. 3900. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNt-'AL meeting — The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders cf the Independent Elec-
trlck Light and Power Company will be held
at tbe office cf the company, "427 Market st..
fan Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th
day of May. A. D. 1900. at the hour of 11
f>'c!c<-k n. m.. for the purpose of electing a
hoard of directors to serve for the ensuing
year ar.d t.*;e transaction of such other busi-
nese as may oeme before the meeting; trans-
fer books will c!o»e on Friday. May 25, 1S0O.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
.T. M. TAYLOR. S<K-r*"tary-
AGENTS WANTED.
OI'R repreFrr.t.itivc* make SIS to $40 per wees
Felling our one rr.ir.ute Ice Crenm Freezer:
*nonpv refiin^ed AT not as r^pr(*5*?nted : writo
for term-. BAIRD MANT'-ACTUllING CO..
Balrd building. Pittsburg. Pa,
LADY agents— If you want ;he bpst money
makers K*t tho Hyceia Electric Corsets and
Fklrts: the standard for 20 years. Address
¦Western Corset Co.. Rt. Loui*. Mo.
AGENT man or woman, to handle new book;
fslarv rrd pwnylolfin. Arr!y fill M'->ntgoniry.
ASTROLOGY.
i'HOr. A M APERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cglft and palmist in the world: satisfaction
fcuarn:it*ed. 15 Powell st^
SCIENTIFIC ajtrolcgy: readings, F.Oe: mail, 11;
horoscopes. PROF. MOtCROE, 12* Turk «t.
ATTOKNKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fr»e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \\ .
HOWE. any. et law. CO Market. cor. Stockton.
I R. V. KINO. S27 Mark.u tt.. pom 027; all
! case.-; no nJvar.ce oharires: call or write.
¦ 1DVICB free: no charce unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. QPP- Maso_n.
' L S CLARK. Emma Spreckels b'.dg.. ?27 Mar-
ket st_ : consultation free: no f ees in advance.
! i: hi . v ii;\t: i — ii*>'« '_^JJi^_M']^!i;
; nOBINSON^$T^4-par.el MdinK; door orens: firm
! ar.d fare. W. P. BROWN, g^n. apt.. -)2G K:'.:s.
BELGIAN HAKliS.
ANNOUNCEMENT OF~ SPECIAL PALE.
I C mmencins to-day, we will place on sa.e 45
j thor. ut...br.-d. uediereed does of good strains.
1 eiandaid w lght. bred to tirst-class buckJ
(Quite a r.umbf-r of them bred to our imported
1 bucks) at a uniform price of $10 each. Among
j thet-e a r e tome very fine animals, worta
! double tins tiKure in Los Angeles.
I Also "5 heavyweight dots, bred ana with Ut-
i t^rs thoroughbred, pedigreed an.i fine stock.
I at 110 each or 3 for $^; or will sell 3 of ihtse.
of different Etrains. bred to different buc<s,
and a line heavyweight buck 5 : s months oiU,
for 130 for the four.
For country oilers we will crate and deliver
FOB San FnnclSOO for above prices.
\ve -ire net going cut of the hare business
by any means, hut propose to handle exclus-
ively Imported animals and their progeny, of
which we already have a large number, prob-
ably mure than any dealer on the coast, wlih
rru>re to arrive right away, for which we must
have room.
We still have th» grandest buck In America,
LOUD EDINBOKO limp.); fee llo 00
LORD EDINBORO (Imp.); fee 12b ofl
LOl'.D EDINBOKO iim^.); fee i 25 00
All dates uken up to June li.
DUKE OK CLARENCE (imp. K fee }15 00
Wantage Game Cock <imj>.); f^e $lJ O'J
Mr Luiean iLi^rd Lurgan); fee $10 O'J
Eir Edlnboro 'im;>.); fee S10 00
Fashoda Clrifi (imp.); fee ?1'> 00
Prince Adolphua (imp.); fee Uo 00
And 20 other bucks at fee of |o 00
EDIN'BOr.O. DUKE OF CLARENCE. SIX-
TEEN TO ONE and LONDON SURPRISE
youngsters, 2 months and over, from our
cwn grand imported does, at $25 each.
Full line of Rabbit Supplies of all kinds.
Write for our new tare manual; very com-
plete; mailed free.
Visitors welcome. Open daily until 9 p. m.
BAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND. Manager.
Office — gpreckels Market.
Rabbltry— 1015 Ehotwell St.
MONDAY, MAY 2S, at 9 O - CLOCK,
Will be daced on tale
The (stock of Imported Belgian Hares
Formerly owned by the
GOLDEN WEST BELGIAN HARE CO..
Los Angeles, Cal.,
Which are being soM for indebtedness regard-
lrss of price, without resn-ve; these Helgians
are direct from England, cream of the world,
selected by England's leading judge.
SUCH STOCK AS
FAPHODA RACER Score SS$i
FASHODA LAD Score 85% ALSO
FRISCO f-core 95Vi
JOLLY TAR Score 95>i
PRIORY BOY Score 9.".^ MANY
CHEPHIRr: KING Score S5
FASHODA SUNLIGHT.. Score 95
LADY TICK TACK Score S»6'i OTHER
DUCHESS OF YORK.... Score 95
MAID OF MYSTERY.... Score S<!&
CAMELIA MAID Score S»»i BEAUTIES
COUNTESS WANTAGE. Score &4>»
Remember this stock will be on sale only a
I few days; eold regardless of prices; buy at once.
Salesroom — €22 Montgomery Bt., city.
i I/">RD DONCASTER Fee $15 00
LORD DONCASTER Fee $15 00
! LORD DONCASTER F*>e $15 00
On May 1$ we received direct from England
an animal known a«= LORD DONCASTER.
] His fire was Palace Cup buck of 1S9S and dam
I was winner of Doncaster Silver Cup of lini.
He won a prize every time he was shown ln
i Ercland.
He has magnificent shape, and without
; doubt excels every animal ln America In the
i dark richness of his color. For a very limited
time his fee ln stud will be $15. You cannot
get a like eervlce from any buck that will
compare with him for less than $50. If your
dees lack color you should certainly not fail to
I breed them to him.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'N.
ALAMEDA, CAL.
TWO Belgian hares at breeders' prices
At Market-&t. Rabbitry, W. C. Bentham. Prop.
1832 Market St., San Francisco. C^U.
Does, young.
Does, bred.
Don with litters.
Pairs or trios.
HILLSIDE RABBITRY.
Getting Into shape 100 hutches, complete room
for 1000 mere; picking up the best pedigreed
stork to be got. On hand: Dexter, Britain,
Kashoda and other Jln-t-clar.s strains.
Dexter Boy; fee J15 'W
Sir Klondike (score 93); fee $7 60
Cor. Lisbon st. and Russia ave.
Take Injlcside cars to Russia ave.
I BIG BARGAIN. ~ ~
Does from jr, to 175. hred:5 grand heavyweight
j bucks, }10 each; one Sir Htylfs M-lb buck $35;
; one imported all ted buck, $lo0. If you want
1 rabb'.t)> call ar.d cec uk.
PACIFIC BELGIAN HARE CO.
; Salesroom— 137j Broadway, Oakland.
! BELGIAN HARES— Saturday! Sunday and
] Monday only at such priees: Lord F.din-
boro doe, score S5. 5 does 5'j months Yjkon
stock. 135 together, or JS each; bred, choice
of buck, a few Lord Britains at sacrifice-
rn» British Sovereign doe. 5 young. 112; does
brf-d. U up: bucks, all strains, reasonable.
Remember these prices hold good to Monday
evening only. Visitors invited. 27 Valencia.
AT THE HEAD OF OUR BTU&— Imported
FASHODA KING, by Champion Fashoda. out
of doe by Pride of York. Choice pedigreed
does, Just received, at reasonable rates. Our
specialty, rabbltry supplies of nil kinds; nurse
Acf-t rented. Golden Gate Belgian Hare Co.,
CC9-611 Golden Gat* ave.; tel. South C'<1 Open
Sundays A evenings. Ira Baker Palzlel. prop.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian does, bred to Royal
Sovereign. $10 to $20: to Emperor of Norfolk
tV> to JJO; to AJax (highest-scoring buck ln
America). 130 to JI0: younseters, all Ktrains 6
weeks. $2 50: 10 weeks. 13 50: « months. 15 and
17 tO. Kenwood Rabbltry. 630 14th st.. Oakland.
BELGIANS? We breed them by the hundred
and shlj» everywhere; write to-day for free
booklet and state your wants. HEDFFRV
RABBITRY. 1725 West Twenty-fifth Et. Los
Angeles.
RELGIAN hares — Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from $10 to }1CO; young pedi-
greed Hock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer D. Watsonvllle. CaL
£.00 HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares In
State; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 95; start right: booklet
and descriptive list free. BRITAIN RAB-
HITItY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
REDFOOT RABBITRY— Choice Sir Styles. Yu-
ken. Banbury. Klondike Nugget. Red Rover.
Duke of Auckland and others; fine does, ready
to litter: crack young bucks. Seventh and
Clay ets.. Oakland.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore *t..
San Francisco. Cal.— fend « cents ln stamps
for book en car* and feeding.
PEDIGREED "Belgians from $2 60 up. Twin
Peaki Rabbltry. 87S3 Sixteenth 8 t --. ; .;
BELGIAN HARES.
MRS. A, M. BUSH, official scorer, last Mon-
day in the presence of more than a dozen of
the leading fanciers of the State, scored
IMPORTED
FASHODA CONQUEROR.
We are authorized to quote Mrs. Bush as fol-
lows. Sh» said: "I have never seen better
color in £«y Helglan hare."
The official score marks him perfect in con-
diti< n, perfect ln symmetry of back and loins,
perfect in color of body and perfect ln color of
legs. The fanciers present conceded him to be
the finest FASHODA ever Imported. Fee $.;0.
We also have several other Imported and do-
mestic bucks at stud, including IMPB.KIAL
DASH, fee $1E, and IMPERIAL BA.NCURY,
fee $10. , , .
We can furnish you with any strain desired,
&t right prices. From the foregoing bcth the
beginner who desires to start right and .the
fancier who desires to Improve his stock can
reailliy see that no rabbitry on the coast is ln
better position to assist or improve than we.
We pay express charges both ways on does
bred to our bucks and guarantee them proper
attention.
CorreFpondence solicited. Visitors welcome.
IMPERIAL RABBITRY. Frultvale. Cal.
Fruitvale ave. and old county road.
THE LAUREL DELL RABBITRY.
REMOVAL SALE. REMOVAL SALE.
Our business has increased so that we find our
present location entirely too small to make a
proper display of the large number of Bel-
gians we carry, and by the 1st prox. we will
move to a much better place; and ln order to
reduce our stock and save moving them we
will give you a discount on all purchases, for
the coming week only.
We carry a full line of Britalns. Fashodas,
Yukons, Kir Styles and Rufus strains.
Youngsters from all the popular strains.
Full line of Rabbitry Supplies.
H. E. PYBURN & CO..
73i Market st., San Franolsco.
I TERMINAL Rabbltry. end narrow-gauge road,
Hlffh-et. sta., W. D. DILLA. Prop, Alameda—
Sfe the most racy buck in Central California,
Viccount Lurgan, fee $10: Yukon Prince, score
B3^. $7 50. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Young stock, € weeks to 2 months, $1 50 up:
bred <:oes. well marked. $5; bred does, better
marked. $7 50; bred does, 6till better marked,
$10 to 529; trios. 2 does and buck, $25 to $100.
Open evenings; visitors welcome.
WKSTALXi Belgian Hare Co., C. A. BEE8LEY.
MnnaKei^Importers and breeders of standard
Belgians: does of good strains, bred to good
buckE. 56. & and $10 each; genuine pedigrees;
youngsters, $1. Bucks at stud: Prince of Bel-
plum, fee $1 &0; Sir Rudyard, $2 60. Guarantee
(¦ntlsfoctlon on mail orders. Westall Tract,
Ilish pt.. Frultvale: Miils College carB to Rose
p.ve. Clootd Sundays.
I AM using "SURANA," or ANTISEPTIC
FLOUR, in my rabbitry. keeping the hutches
free from all disagreeable odors and the hare ln
perfect health and vigor. TOM P. DU^TOX,
Mgr. Pan Pahlo ave. Rabbltry, Oakland.
E. P. PALMER, 905 Jefferson st., Oakland.
General Coast Agent.
Box. by mall, 30c.
i AN animal that Is getting more popular every
I -lay by people who know is the tine Imported
buck Ixiri Fashoda Chief; score, 95>A points-
fee, for one month only, $15. Does with litters
from this grand sire for sale at the EUREKA
RARUITRY. 1C16 Turk St.; open Sundays.
ON account of sickness I am obliged to sell my
entire lot of Belgian haree purchased from
the Meadow Brook Company. G. R. KNAPP
I5oi4 Market st. *
SAN PABLO AVE. RABBITRY, 615 San
Pablo ave.. Oakland — Thoroughbred Yukon
youngsters. $2 50 to $5 per pair for few days
to make room. TOM P. DUTTON. manager.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Afisociatlon-Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
$!0 to $50; best strain youngsters. $2 to $15
41*16 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BELGIAN har«*. all sizes, cheap for a few
days to make room; Yukon buck for sen-Ice
214 Golden Gate ave.
i
j LORD Fashoda Chief, Imported March 1900-
score. Wi: fee. $15; breeding does and does
with litters. EUREKA RABBITRY, 1616 Turk.
PEDIGREED does with litters by Lord Fashoda
I Chief (imported). Eureka Rabbltry. 1616 Turk.
BELGIAN hares— Partner wanted; established
business : gr^at opportunity. Box 2859. Call.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
NEW Cleveland bicycles; better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & BILL, 809 Larkin st.
GHEAT bArgalns in second-hand bicycles; from
$5 up: send for list. LEAVITT & BILL 309
larkln st.. San Francisco.
nOAHDIXG KOIt CHILDREN.
A PRIVATE home for children by~week~~or
month; one day to 15 years old; select neigh-
borhood: mother's care; terms low; sunny
yard. 1304 Post Bt. ; tel. Larkin £87; 2 bells.
1 WOMAN working during the day can find
! room and board for child at 3CS Fell st.
GERMAN lady wishes to board children, near
school; t°rmp reap.; Bunny yard. 433 Minna.
BOOKS XEW AND OLD"
SCHOOL EOOKS bought and^Vxchanged'
Holmes Bnok Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BARGAINS, ladies' and children's shoes; drum-
mci-g' samples mfg. cost. Kohlbecher, 145 4th.
CA1M2 NOME. ~~'
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct'
will «all May 28. For passage and freight
apply to 41S California st., room 32; telephone
John 1151.
I . .
I FIRST and second-class tickets for Nome dl-
j rect; two first-class steel steamers; low rates-
Al service. C. F. MOORE, agent, 935 Market
i St., room 6.
; WANTED — A chance to go to Cape Nome by
| a man of experience; handy; good reference-
can pay half fare; rtst ln work. Address
; box 1733. Call office.
! $r.000 FOR working capital will obtain H ln-
j terest In ten creek claims at Cape Nome. Box
1701, Call office.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE \V. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage, 7 rooms
bath, garden, ctable; will be put In perlect
order. Apply £11S Union St.. 11 to 6 o clock-
cheap rent.
PROSPECT ave.. 15— 1H story, good grounds
and view: take Valencia can to terminus
and inquire; rent reasonable. .
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; yard; rent $6. 102114
Lombard «t.
$5— COTT A G E of 2 large rooms. Key 1S25
Broadway.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins st.. near Geary.
DENTISTS. ~
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50: all work
palnlesB and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
' have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 GO up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell *t.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns. $2; new
- methods ln bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 60c; painless extraction. 60c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mtsslon, cor.Bth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full get of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. dog soap creates' a
smooth, silky coat; for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital. 510 Golden Gate av«.
DR. BUZARD'B Dog Hoepital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 CO; all
animals treated; dogs boarOed. Tel. West 63S.
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL' B Is the place to learn dreismat-
lng and ladles' tailoring; eve, class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, S30 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. Ul Pott, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A CAND Y"ano r Tcecream pariorT~heart of city;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A BAKERY: doing fine business: clears $100;
price $600 this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A — DRUG store; fine location: good chance for
doctor or druggist. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— CORNER; downtown saloon; great sacri-
fice; sickness causa. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
CIGAR store; best ln the city; near The Call
building. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at. *
LIVERY and boarding stable; good location;
cause, sickness. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
ASTONISHING opportunity ($5000 will handle
it)— Grand 3-story brick hotel; 75 beautifully
finished rooms, all elegantly furnished; bar,
eU;. ; corner lot. 100x200 feet; constantly over-
crowded with boarders and $2-day transients;
best city In State; cost and worth $60,000; free
of debt, but owing to peculiar circumstances
Is offered for $12,500: better than stated: It's a
fool who doubts without investigation.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 10 Geary.
A— $2500; VERY best location; caloon close to
Powell and Market sts.; business first-class;
only patronized by best people; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26& Gearny st.
$1200— GARBAGE business, with 10 years' lease
of acreage and buildings .across the bay;
guarantee $100 per month. KREDO & CO.,
36 Geary st.
To rent — For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stalls: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building.
CALL and see our list of good paying busi-
nesses; groceries, saloons, restaurants, hotels,
paint shops and delicacy stores for sale and
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL, 1008 ft Mar-
ket st.
$350— FINE candy. Icecream and stationery
store; good fixtures; fine location; a great
bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Market at.
$300— SALOON and lunch house; bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & co., m% Market st.
$173 BUYS paying saloon; must sell; going
East: a snap. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
WANTED — Co-operation of a few parties to
operate a first-class quicksilver mine of 150
acres; U. S. patent; ore assays $20 to $93 per
ton; big proposition for early Investors of $100
or more; cash or installments. Address box
2SS6. Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — General merchandise
business; 1 hour from 8. F. ; splendid loca-
tion; well estab.; best reasons for selling; in-
vestigation Invited; will exchange for Oakland
or S. F. incom* property, unlncumbered. G.
M., box 2767. Call office. Oakland. "
AT sacrifice on acoount of immediate departure
for Cape Nome, In thriving city near San
Francisco, a good paying produce business
and route: established 25 years; also house,
lots and outbuildings, etc.; would exchange
for city or Oakland property. Box 1797. CalL
$550— DRAYING business well established,
horses, wagons, everything complete; $200
cash, balance on easy payments. C. H., room
29, 26 Geary st.
BUSINESS, all cash, only 2 in city; receipts
average over $600 per month; half profit: pro-
prietor sick. Address by letter, 1088 Union
street.
$2500— SNAP; $10 day clear; be Increased: gen-
teel business; downtown: suitable lady or
gentleman; close Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
AT a great bargain; bakery, candy, notions,
school supplies, cigars, etc.; good stock and
fixtures: located by a school; living rooms.
1508 Golden Gate ave.
SPECULATION; $20 margins 1000 bu. grain, Jo;
send for our book; free. COMSTOCK &. CO..
Traders' building, Chicago.
SNAP — Statloner>'. notion and candy; must b«
sold at once regardless of cost. 433 McAllis-
ter st.
THE Windsor Hotel has reduced its rates for
the summer season. Corner Market and
Fifth sts.
LADY partner ln restaurant and family dining-
room; first-class hotel; sume capital required.
Address box 211S. Call.
WOULD like to share my studio with lady or
gentleman amateur artist; rent $2 60 month.
Box 1723, Call office.
j FOR sale or exchange — Handsome cottage, fur-
nished; barn; Berkeley. Box 170?, Call office.
WANTED— Bakery or bak°ry and coffee saloon;
must be good location. Box 2S79, Call office.
FOR sale — Bakery and notion store. 4S Thir-
teenth St., near Folsom.
TO let— Barber shop, 2 chairs; rent cheap. 84S&
Seventh st.
FOR sale — Candy and icecream parlors; good
opportunity. No. 230 Ellis St.
PARTNER wanted in the Best Beach Gold
Washer: 10 a. m. 26 Beale st.
A TRANSFER corner saloon; north of Market;
sickness. Address box 2S54. Call office.
BOOK store for sale in S. F. on account of the
illness of proprietor. Box 1704, Call.
A BIG thing for lady or gentleman with $700.
112 Taylor St., room 20, second floor.
HOTEL in best town in California for sale;
bargain. Owner, box 1707, Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — Handsome cottage, fur-
nished, barn; Berkeley. Box 1708, Call office.
DON'T miss the tripods at the BACKUS
STUDIO. 11 Geary st. : other bargains.
WANTED— Good delicatessen or grocery store;
"cafh.-' ALBERT TROSETTS, 31S Jessie st.
$300— RESTAURANT; no night work; old stand.
239 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT for your own price: going to
Nome. Apply 1 Fifth St.. room 1».
$fOO— PARTNER ln the country in a nice cigar,
tobacco and nation store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
Investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. Geyservllle, Sonoma County, Cal.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard ln this
city for sale. Box 2S61, Call office.
$60— A SHOP, all new tools, with stores for
vestmaker, rent $7. Box 2869, Call office.
GOOD bargain; fruit store; good locality; party
going to Nome. 212 Gough st.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, pay-
ing drug store ln a good mining town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
FOR sale— The Central Hotel ln Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; pries
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal.
FOR vale— Saloon ln wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 318 Clay st.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
account of sickness. 1111 Howard: no agents.
$1?00 CASH; corner grocery and bar: fine stock;
good location; no agents. Inquire SO Lily ave.
SALOON for sale, cheap. Apply 1008 Howard
street.
$100 — CIGAR stand: good locality; rare opportu-
nlty. Inquire 92 Minna st., during day.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
LODGIXG-HOL'SES Fpit SALE.
E6-ROOM corner $4000
8-room flat; only 200
20 rooms; corner 900
15 rooms; corner 750
100-room house 4.10O
Hotel and bar; 86 rooms 1500
31 rooms on Market St.; only 900
25 rooms on Bush; rent $55 930
30 rooms; ln payments 1800
8-room new flat 400
110-room house; best on earth 4500
12 rooms on McAllister st 400
16 rooms: fine corner; clears $150 1000
16- room house on Turk Bt 750
10 rooms on Jones st. ; clears $85 400
i 10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission et 450
10-room house; new furniture 200
12-room house on Post st 400
10 1 > r .2? mB , on M a s «n St.: payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
tt n t^ ELKPIIONK MINT " S6 -
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market st. '
15 rooms; $^,0 cash, balance $10 month... $425
27 rooms; corner; best of furniture 1500
3o rooms; corner; monthly payment* 1500
eo rooms; corner; must sell 1900
40 rooms: rent $37 50 ". ppp
10 ROOMS'AND BATH; EDDY AND
ELLIS MUST SELL
PRICE $250
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A — ROOMING house; great money maker;
heart the city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
i 29 lodging-houses for sale. id.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room l.nr. Call bldg.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Pnll branch office. 2200 Flllmorw «t.
CARPET B S3 ATI NO AXD .CLEANING.;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ln _ g 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SA^ TI ,T. AR . Y Car P et Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 148.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Uth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
C ££L? team Car Pet-Beatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 25a
J \, Mc «8 UEEN ' 8 California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4E8 Stevenson et.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
C £?£?£L c *V; a - ned ttt Sc-Per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
A Py A ,^* CE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor. -
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. J3I Golden
i Gato ave.; telephone East 11*
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
C £ MP waK 2?iv flneBt ln California: good as
new; cost $800; sell $300. 3279 Mission st.
N^ W & 2d ,' h ? n 2 wa S°ns. buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~
T^ TS « n ,f communications to-nlzht, 10c: slt-
Lfe s ?, a B U >'; "« and «- ARNOLD & DICK-
sQN. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
W /mH^' !n e Los An E e le3 Photo medium, 330
¦kills at: 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
M ki? A hS O^mi NS - J 8plrltual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet, loth and Uth; clr. Mon.. S p. m.
E £ WA c^\£ A ,, nLE - °° E11Is st.-Seance Sun-
cia> and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock. '
M S^fn JWH f ITNE >'- clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
¦ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A rnr mrs. dr. clark i
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
H'X m 1 ?i y J? e consulte <3 on all affalrB of life;
sne win show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
5.,-fc 8 ? ec!aJ ter , m »- MRS. DR. CLARK. 205
Turk Bt.. near Jones.
MME.LANOE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
•US 5S3S t& } l f ; ha " the latest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
"NOME!" "Nome!" "Nome!" Save your
money; consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
dium; lucky and true; 60c and $1. 1581 Market
St.. near Twelfth.
MRS. A. E BUOWfiR, psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 220* McAllister St.; hours 2
to 6 and 7 to 9 p. m,
MME HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 14$ &xth st.. r. 14.
MME August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 2Se & GOc. 1149 Mission.
M J S Q S . MELVILLE, B reat clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921^ Mission, op. Mint.
CLAI1 } VOYA -'" r ' card reader, best advice. 823
M.SBlon st.. near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
M « M .m" SI 5 A J FER x- cla '^oyant. card reader;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st.. original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no slgnf -
MME - LENEMAR— Fortuneo by planets: pre-
dlcted steamship disaster '74. 310 Mason st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band g picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 14 Post st S. F —
Practical courses In bookkeeping." short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
ecrlnt;. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship, $50; Includes ghort-
hand. typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.:
the coming school: thorough; up to date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S64.
; VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
! SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
I knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
best system." M. G. BARRETT. $J2 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano, singing lessons, 50c;
no exercises. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. MERK1. successful teacher of manlolin,
violin and guitar. IOCS Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, S6 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, srrammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
{•A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J^JApJ^KSE-CUlNKS^CoTitrACtbr and~Env
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn. : tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlee—
Reft neln. <11'4 O'Far r i»n «t. • t»l. F,n«t 426.
EMI'LOYJIE.VT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook, competent In-
fants' nurRe, German cook with good city ref-
erences, first-class Swedish laundress and a
number of houeeglrls await positions at MISS
CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN and French cook desires a situation:
best of city references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
COLORED maid wishes engagement to travel;
would like to go to Paris; flrst-class mani-
cure and hairdresser; would take charge of
children; small Falary. Address MRS. C. B.
NORTH, box 2S77, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY German lady, speaking
good English, wishes a situation in a small
American family; Is a good plain cook; no
washing; will work by the day nursing or do
plain sewing; good references. 622 Stockton.
COMPETENT girl wants housework or second
work; no objection to children; wages from
$15 to $20. Call 1100 Powell st., corner Wash-
ington.
! DRESSMAKER, first class, perfect fitter, de-
elgner and trimmer; costumes remodeled lat-
est styles; $1 25 per day. Address box 1720,
Call office.
YOUNG lady, speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position as lady's or young girl's com-
panion; willing to make herself useful; good
references. Box 2S53, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or as housekeeper: good plain
cook; wages $12 to $15. Call 217 Eddy Ft.
COMPETENT Swedish girl would like a place
as cook, American family; willing to do small
washing; wages $23. $30. Call 1024 Howard
at., room 19.
POSITION as housekeeper and companion by
Eastern Protestant lady where I can have full
charge; will go any distance; reference. Ad-
dress 51S Twentieth st., Oakland.
COLORED woman wants work In private fam-
ily as cook or chambermaid; bv the week or
monthly, weekly preferred. Box MSI, Call
office.
WELL-EDUCATED Parisian lady. Just !rom
New York, desires a position to take charge
of children. Address MME.. box 2SD0. Call.
j BRIGHT young girl, musical, handy with
¦ needle, wishes to be a companion to lady or
child. Box 1706. Call.
I SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work by the
day; office cleaning, laundry or any kind,
reference. 1323 De Haro st.
YOUNG lady wishes position in family to give
dally piano Instruction for board and room.
Address box 28S4. Call office.
WOMAN wants position, care of children and
upstairs work. Address 6 Cottage row. off
Bush St., bet. Webster and Fillmore.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter; go out by the day; make a
suit ln one day. 1532 Polk St.
NEAT Japanese girl wants a situation to do
housework and to help cooking. Christian
Woman's Home. 1427 Pine St.
GOOD laundress wants washing to do at home.
. 515 McAllister st.. entrance Ash ave.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. S21 Mission st.
WORK cleaning vacant houses or laundry
work. Address 128 Clara ave.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation ln first-
class family. Call 921 Folsom Bt.
A YOUNG woman will care for children or ln-
valld for expenses to Paris. Box 2SJ6..Call.
S V. IT ~ S made, $3; wrappers, 60c; waists, 35c.
24 Sixth St., room 27.
AMERICAN lady with tent and camping out-
nt wants to find congenial party for moun-
lo'ud 0 / C Bo S x'2°S7VCall office"? " COaW "
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
LTxa^ma st.^ »"* car fare - *pply »t
YOUNG Scotch woman wants position as
,, housekeeper; has little girl. Call or address
NEAT colored girl would like position ay nurse
to Invalid to children or lady's maid; $25 to
$30; experienced. Call or address 917 Powell.
LADY wants sewing and mending to do at
home, or would go as housekeeper, city or
,'. country. Call at 116 Sixth st.. room e.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEJIALE.
COMPETENT nurse; day, week or month; also
good housekeeper. 942 Howard st.
A WOMAN wants housekeeping rooms for
work. Box 1719. Call office.
LADY wfthes position as seamstress, house-
keeper or cook; city or country. 132 Sixth
St., room 5.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd nt.. near Mar-
ket; 100 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $3
week: convenient and restjectable; fre« 'bus
and bag-gage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at 1^36 Va-
lencla st. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
situations; understand all kinds of ranch
work; reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS butler wants a position; best
city references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
BY an experienced business man. a position,
clerical or otherwise; Is a trained correspond-
ent and accountant and competent to do both
office and outside work If required. Box 2SS.,
Call office. .
A THOROUGHLY practical man In grain
farming, orchard, vineyard and stock raising
la open for an engagement as superintendent
or manager; strictly temperate; best refer-
ences; salary reasonable; security tf required.
Address P. O. box 408. Healdsburg. Cal.
GARDENER experienced ln commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take chargs
of a larxe private place, plantation, etc. ;
. years' references. Write to N. GARTNER,
853 Fortieth Bt., Oakland.
YOUNG man wants employment on ranch In
Sonoma County; mention wages, location,
etc. J. P.. box 2S83. Call office.
AN old confectioner, fancy cake baker and pas-
try cook wants a licht situation for small
wages; steady work: city or country. Please
address Confectioner, 1616 Stockton St.
RELIABLE young man of 2<. experienced tn
bookkeeping and general office work, wishes
position with established firm: reference from
late employer. Address box 1738, Call office.
SHEET Iron and tin worker, first-class and
experienced In all branches, will accent very
low pay with steady Job anywhere.. Address
box 2115. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by European professor of
horseback rldlnc and driving in a riding
academy or as Instructor ln private family
for the summer. Box 1703, Call.
THOROUGHLY competent American working
foreman, orchard cr vineyard, would like a
situation. E. H.. box 2SS8, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; ref;
wages small. H. WARREN, 410 Sixth st.
STEADY, reliable man wishes place as coach-
man and gardener; city or country- E. F.,
box 2S37. Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wishes place as doctor's
coachman; doctors' references. G. VIT-
RINGA. care Dr. Eastman. Berkeley.
YOUNG Swedish man and wife wiah situations;
city or country; woman good cook; man care
of horses and general work. Box 2S91, Call.
IF you wish a good, honest. Industrious man
as night watchman Inside of building, best
of references, address box 1722. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as porter in whole-
sale house; refa. Add. F. M., box 2S32. Call.
FIRST-CLASS salesman wishes position with
reliable firm; crockery preferred; references
Box 2S3i. Call office.
OFFICE work— Young man of 13. with 6 years*
experience, wants position for the summer.
Address J. E. COOVER, Palo Alto, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly man; secur-
ity given If desired. Address 213 Palmer st..
near Chenery.
ENGINEER, machinist, pipefitter wants posi-
tton as engineer. Address Engineer, box 1705
Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS coachman for private family;
well experienced: desirable references; state
.wages. Address box 1712. Call office.
POSITION as watchman or Janitor: ref. and
bond if required. Box 1713. Call office.
POSITION as light porter; has good knowledge
of grocery trade; best ref. Box 1714, Call.
GOOD cook wants work ln hotel or boarding-
house. 515 McAllister St., entrance Ash ave.
EXPERIENCED man wishes situation to cook
on ranch. Box 1725, Call office.
WANTED— Position by reliable man as ac-
countant or assistant in some business; per-
manency rather than large salary. Address
box 2376. Call office.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks
cupbeards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2, Dwlsht
way station, Berkeley.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man; experl-
enced with stationary boilers, engines and
dynamos; references and security If required
Box 2S47. Call.
A GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and shoer wishes
steady situation: city or country: reasonable
wages. Address F. A. M., box 16. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
timekeeper, assistant bookkeeper or any gen-
eral office work: six years' experience: best
of references. Address P. O. box 442. Oakland.
YOUNG married man, with good references
would like to accept a position in any busi-
ness In San Francisco or Oakland. Box 2334
Call office.
WANTED— By a first-class cheese maker, a
position. Address box 2S26, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— Belgian hare rabbltry;
established business; 150 pedigree stock; ex-
change for house and lot across the bay.
Apply 215 Sansome St., room J.
I $?50O— NEW modern residence, ln Berkeley, near
' cars and train, to exchange. ALDEN CO..
j 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
I 5-ROOM house, bath, high basement; clear:
I exchange, part cash. Box 2773 Call. Oakland.
I EQUITY of store and flat ln San Francisco;
worth $2500; mortgage $2'0O. Box 1716. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
U"l>» Market st. — Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 10c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc.. Bpeck & Co., 667 Mkt.
1S22 Puc. av. ; 10 r. h.$60 1137 Geary; 10 r. h...$70
I 710 McAllister; 8 r.h. 32 1C10 California; 7 r. f . 35
I 793 HalRht; 7 r. f.... 25 1210 Polk; 9 r. h.... 35
922 Hyde; 6 r. f 32 50 331 Eddy; 4 r. f JO
A— NW. cor. Sutter and Scctt; finest flat in
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417H Third st.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento st., below Mason.
j CLARA ave., 108, corner Seventeenth st.. 2
blocks from Market— Fine new upper flat. 7
rooms and bath; grand view of bay and city;
rent $20.
CLAYTON, 7',2— Elegant, sunny upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; modern.
ELEGANT new sunny corner flat: six rooms
• and bath. 4600 Eighteenth st.
FLAT E rooms and bath; clean; $14. 1419 Pa-
cific st. Apply 1417 Pacific st.
FLAT— Modern Improvements: half block from
Union Iron Works. 913 Illinois st.
FLAT of 6 rooms; bath; cellar; yard; rent
cheap. 1419 Bush gt.. bet. Polk and Van Ness.
FLAT— Three large, sunny rooms; yard. US
Flllmore at. t
FLAT. 3 rooms and bath. $13; flats of 3 rooms
$7 and $8. Key at 524 Fell st.
FLAT of 9 rooms, bath, furnished or unfur-
nished; large yard. 827 Hayes St..
FLATS — 3 and 4 rooms, bath: off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth, Key at 1626 Howard.
IF you want to move (ret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.
1131 Geary St.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms end bath; nic« gar-
den. 1228 Filbert st., near Larkln.
MODERN upper sunny 5-room flat. 125 Ash
ave.. bet. Polk. Van Xess. McAllister. Fulton.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment ; modern imp. 1931, 1535 O'Farrell it
PAGE— Quiet sunny 6-room, etc., near Park,
¦ $20, vacant June 2: Mission, good 4-room. $7.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
PEARL, 27, off Market, nr. Valencia— Lowei
and upper fiats: rent $3 and $7.
SUNNY lower flat. 5 rooms, bath. yard, base-
ment; rent reasonable. 432 Page, nr. Webster.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement St.;
take Sutro car.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. «12S Page. bet. Gough
and Octavia, V& blocks from Market.
$22 50— TO let; a sunny 6- room upper flat at 173J
Baker St.. near California.
$20—8 rooms and bath; u«per flat. 176 Julian
ave., near Sixteenth, st.
FLATS TO LCT.
J10— SUNNY upper flat of * rooms, cellar and
yard. 1008 Natoma st.. near Eleventh.
$10 AND 115—2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 731
Fulton st. and 736 Birch ave.. nr. Buchanan.
}7 — SMALL rear sunny flat. 70C Laskie St., off
Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
4 ROOMS; Nos. 250 and KO^i Tehama at.; J3
and $10. 2
UPPER flat: « rooms and bath. 112GB Turk »t-.
near Laguna. _^____
FLATS TO '.ET — FURNISHED.
ASHBURY. 410— Completely and newly fur-
nished 6-room modern Hat « built last sum-
mer): four or six months from June 1: re-
sponsible parties can make very advantaseous
terms. Call Monday or Tuesday.
FLAT of 5 rooms: furnished complete: reason-
able; must be taken at once. 142o Mission st.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St.. near Webster.
CLAY. 2418— Modem, newly furnished flat; new
piano; sunny; with garden.
FIR.MTTRB fr'OIt SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-ropm cottage, only in use S
months, for H price; rent $10: can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth St.
4 ROOMS furnished !n oak for US 53. with No.
7 range. King Furniture rr... m'T-IVn M^-<»t.
™ Fl'RMTL'RB WAMEO.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st- ; telephone Jessie .»!,
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. payj
highest price for your gecor.u-han..l furnifir.-
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry <* Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Miasion: tel. ¦:•¦'! ¦!:'¦¦¦¦
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
TWO waitressea for aame springs. 120: to start
Tuesday. C. R. HAN SEN & CO.. 1M C.eary.
FOfP. waitresses, same mountain restsrt. t-0: to
start Jure 1; free fare. C. R. ilANSEN &
CO., 1C4 Geary at
WAITRESSES for eenteel resort: $20; start
Wednesday; free fare. C. R. HAXSEN 4
CO.. l r '< Geary st.
TWO head waitresses. $30. 123; 10 waitresses,
family hotel*, city, $20; 6 restaurant wait-
rersefl, city. $7 week; 3 pantry girls, $:3. {30;
silver pantry ylrl, resort, J25. C. R. HA.N"-
SE.V & CO.. 10* Qeary st.
PASTRY and short -order cook. Institution. »i3;
cook and waitress, boarding houa^, $45; &
fancy ironers, country, $30 and $10. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
25 WAITRESSES for commercial hotels. Fres-
no, Madera. Selma, Tuoiumne County, Ita.f-
moon Bay, Marysvllle. Corning. San Ua:»o.
Vlsatia, Ban Jose. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 14
Geary et.
HOUSEGIRLS and cooks for families aii
ranches: city and country; $20. $25 and $3J.
C. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, $25; second rlrl. $20, tarns
place; cook, $35. no wash; 4 cooks, $25. $30. city
and short distance; second girl, $23, Men!r>
Park: 12 hotel waitresses, $20. $23. city and
country: chamberwork and waltlns. iM. $2j.
city ar.d country: 3 restaurant cooks, $25. S3i>.
city and short distance; resort cook, $15. *J0;
kitchen helper, $1S; a large number of house
girls, $10. $23, $00, city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 318 Sutter jt. .
CHAMBERMAID and laundress. Yolo. $20. far*
here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— SECOND cook, private boardin<-house, Ala-
rceda, $23 to $30. see lady here Monday: wait-
ress, same house, $20; restaurant cook, city,
?2o; cook for men. $25. see party here, no ob-
jection to a child: cook for small hotel, Mari-
posa. $3G, fare paid: cook, small hotel on the
coast, $30; dishwasher, acn-ss the bay, $20.
MISS CULLEN'. S25 Sutter st:
IRONER, city. $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter
street.
A-MIDDLE-AOED nur?e, 1 child, city, $20.
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter fU
WANTED— Woman la assist housework: ranch,
outskirts of town; no objections to child. W.
P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— A lady of refinement and Influence
among a large circle of people, in this or
any Interior city or country town, to write
; letters of Introduction and recommendation
for a business of the highest merit and most
unquestionable serurity. such temporary serv-
ices will yield Immediate handsome reward
for all cash customers and pleasant monthly
compensation, that will continue fifty-seven
', months, for all Installment customer* that re-
sult directly or indirectly from such influ-
ence, fully guaranteed by a bis California
incorporation that Invites the most searching
investigation. Answers absolutely confiden-
i tlal. If so requested, but they must be ex-
plicit as to number of people known of means
to enable Investments of $100 or more, or em-
ployed, where they would be able to Invest tt
or more monthly, and must clve substantial
references, or they wtll receive no attention.
Address box 1724. Call office.
LEARN dressmaking and la-lies' tailoring by
the leading system of the world: rapid and
easy: 2 weeks ln sewing department free to
all entering the month of May: department
i open to all; evening class: patterns cut 2ic
up. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post st.
I LADIES to qualify as teachers of physical cul-
ture; Day tuition with services, also small
remuneration. Apply after 11 a. m. week
days room 1. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market St.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
plain cooking; reference required. Call at
ISIS Pine St.. near Octavia.
j GIRL tc assist in housework; easy, and goo<i
I home; no washing; only man and wife; $3.
100O Golden Gatt? av., cor. Lagruna. middle fiat.
A LADY to design and make ladles' neckwaor.
BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome St.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 731 Shrader st.
"WANTED— Talloress: steady position. ROOS
BROS.. 25 to 37 Kearny st.
WANTED— Lady room mate; good home; use
parlor; one employed days; rent $5; rsfer-
ences. Box 2SS0. Call office.
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 12* West Fourth
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
LADY for outdoor work; state age, wages, eta
Address Sales, box 2373. Call office.
COMPETENT girl for general housework: no
washing; wages $25; refa. required. 1 Scott st.
| YOUNG girl for Mill Valley. 1411 Jackson st.
Monday. .; ,
WANTED— Girl to do cooking?; French cooking
preferred. Cc30 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist; good home; waces $8(
Monday. 4204 Twenty-third st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted a-5 cook. S3O
Main st.
EXPERIENCED girl for mangle: steady Jot>.
Mercantile Towel and Laundry Co.. £>1 Jess'.a.
¦WANTED— Girls to learn book foldlns. 80*
Montgomery st.
' .WANTED— Neat girl to assist with children;
Frultvale; wagea $10. 1714 Van Ness nva.
i _ — ¦
; WANTED— A middle-aged woman to helo la
, general housework. 142S Mason st.
! WANTED— Operators on vests; wajres from $3
J to $12. 641V, Stevenson st.
! WANTED— A bright lady stenographer. Apply
! from 10 a. m. until 2 p. m. on Monday morn-
i Ing. Room 547. Farrott building.
; GOOD waitress at 1330 Turk street, near Flll-
' more.
j WANTED — A neat appearing woman as cora-
I mercial' traveler. Box 1717, Call office.
j TO-DAY (Sunday) lady canvasser; small towns;
t expenses paid; splendid offer. Room 1. 22^k
i Seventh st. : r - .-:.
! APPRENTICES for hair work, at G. LEDER-
• j ERS. 123 Stockton st.
. FIRST-CLASS experienced cook: best of wages
l raid. 2067 Central ave.. cor. Willow st., Ala-
meda: referen»es required.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. 3631
Seventeenth st., near Dolores.
I ! EXPERIENCED finisher on trousers; steady
work; wagf3 $10. 46 m Minna st.
I 'WANTED Apprentices at Palace Ladies' Tall-
' orlng Co., rm. 97, Murphy b!dg., Ii36 Market.
'. I WANTED— Girl for general nousework. 1123
Steiner st.
" GIRLS WANTED
; To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.. 36 l /i Fremont st.; elevator.
' GERMAN or Swedish % girl to do housework.
Apply at 813 Octavia st.
' WANTED— 200 women for work during coming-
canning season. Apply Immediately. U. 8.
FRUIT PACKING CO.. 1110 to 11M Harrison
st.; entrance In rear.
TWO first-class experienced foreladles for frail
• cannery Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO
\ GIRLS GIRLS. OIRLA
Highest wages p»ld to sewing machine oper-
; ators on LEVI STRAUS3 * CO.'S overalls.
; Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32*» Fremont.
¦ NEAT zlrl: general housework, plain cooking,
i assist with children; $20. Call 233 Third ave..
Richmond District: take Sutter or Geary cars.
! OPRATORS and finishers on gents* whit*
shirts. ROdERSON'S. S35 Valencia it.
l
GIRL for housework. Call at 14 Harriet st.THE SAIST FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
29
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
•HAVrn>-A good lively solicitor; big moneyT
U'C Ellis ml.
FU-ST<CLAES ve*t maker. fc~i Antonio _t.
l<tween EUtil and OKarre'.l. off Jcnes.
} KW your.tr ladirs to Jcin night school: low
rate* Ayrw' Bueiness College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFD-D advertisements and ¦Staaerfptloaa
received at Call branch < fllre. „'» Fillm ore st.
A BRANCH ofSce for Call advertisements and
fUM-cr'.rtlGr.s has been eitabliehed at 1096 Va-
Vnrta ft.
UI"\P \VA.%1_U — MILE.
4-MUKRAY _.- READY.... PHONE MAIN tS48
L*-aiiiug Employment and Ltbor Agents
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
Help for _1 part* of California, L't_h, ¦Wash-
ington. Ariiona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, &CC MEN
FREE FAKE and oirlce fee Jl and no other
*-_j.f-nses to Los Armeies and £_:t_ Barbara
districts, we eh'.p you t'>-day. 8 a. m. and 5:30
p. tn.. for the S. P. R. It. laborers and teara-
fcters, U day. FREE FARE
HAY MAKING AND HARVEST
Z"2 men to run mowtn, rakes, pitch and work
in fit-Ids, header men, etc.. $1 2.J. $1 &0. $2 day
s-nU round. COME AND SK1Z
JTAB—ES. VIXEYA-LDS, OBCHAKl*. GAU-
_>ENb
16 eiablemtn, city e-.id cuur.try Jobe, %i% $3i,
IU, J2S _s;d four..
It? vineyard ami orchard hands. iK. J3'X 121
and found; 5 __rdeners. 2 ccaclimen. 1 s'.abie-
nu_n. aJl f,.r privata families. j*j. t25. J2j aiid
found, COME, ?Ei:
I>A1K1I_S. CHEESE FACTORIES
SJ milker* for .Merest i>!axrs, $35. $30 and
found; a buttc-r inakv— aiiJ run Hej>aja.tors.
' boss here, fi*> and fuund; S che«-sem_ie— , dU-
ferer.t Jods. J3.\ and $40 and found
A«_A1N WE PAY VOL'H FARES
TO £5 6AWMX—LS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
CCS nien lor CO different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages Irom *2$ to U0 per
month s_id four.3
sieo lun.ber pttera, bar- peelers, $40 and
lound; crosscut t>awyerfc, Jackacrewers. band
bawyers. screw turners, gaj'-e edfcerniea. la
fact we want help of every de-8crii>t!on for
fawmlUs. woods, etc.. *S0. J75. %M. {120. SGO.
150. *«0. $30 and f-.und; Isi — OO-Chopxwi-, tie-
naJiers, trx>ls _r.d food four.d. tome at mines,
J3. »! to. J2, Jl CO. tl cin1 Tic coru
MECHANICAL HELP
:i blacksmiths ai.J hcrw.-hoers. 12 fO day. |60.
$70. $»i. 115 _:-.d found: alto 5 helpers, «!2
«-4«k, $35 and four.d; C woodworkers, carriape-
nuxkers. S3, »2 M day. H'j and fcund: circular
fr_wyer. $00 and .'our.d; 2 boi'.errr.akeir, $3 €¦)
day: carriage ;i_lr.ier, etrli* ar.d letter, fare
«.>c. tlO u-^k ar.d found; tool »harj*ner for *
No. 1 mine K-' ar.d fouud
?crew tender, tli and found; S carriage palnt-
....s'p.'ii' R*.-i>iFi*i:iV_;Nf*r>fvisinNfl....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE fl
Section and recor*tr_«lon and NEW WORK
__U*OR_R8, VOITU- SUIT. IiEGULAIt
WAGES
NOTICE... MINI-S. . . Uia WAGES
36 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOl'LL 8VIT, 14) to S4S per month and
found; 29 miners, single her.d ISO and J75
.. .CROWDS OOIN»i TO ciOLD MINES
SPECIAL
Porter for a country srocery store, boss here.
MO; 3 rr.Hk wagv>n .rivers. $30, $-. and found.
ila'ner hand, fawmill rt) $50 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 !al»ir«rs, no exi-Tlence, fare. $2 r.i, 134 and
found; t men end wives for ranches, $40, $35,
f3C> and four.d.
..mi:n. young mi:n or strong boys..
"6 wanted to pu''l rhubarb, r'«-'k p°as. P'-ck
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
t_terv_M useful. $17 Z0 and JI0 per month and
'. . ".". . .'.'.'.".'.'.'.'.'.' RivAi) TUT.Sn'CARErULLT
: ¦¦•-.'. laborers and teamsters for all parts of
CalKorr.'.a, also n-.ar.y St San Franclsc-o. $3.
12 M, $2. SI 75 <iay; many city jobs, to board
home
"Var.t<?a for a new r_llro__, Free Fare
teamsters $2 a flay
r i:r: <r. 12 a day
borers $2 a day
Free Pare Free Fare
MVKRAY & READY. C34 and C36 Clay st.
KNGINEER fcr a mlr.e, tSO, see boss here;
tlnr.er kfl. plumber. $2 2i day. fare 2ic; paint-
'•r's helper, SI 25 -lay: coachman. $2? and
tcurad country Job; clerk for a city Job. $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, G24 and <:38
< ""._>• st.
A-BOY for our off.ee. MITRRAY & READY.
X-_COOKs77. BUTCHERS WAITERS
* butchers), different sh'.ps. ranches and
i- roC-ter-bome. . r 3i and $3i an. found
1 bakers, city and country shoj* $40 arid JjO
ci 1 i '>-_>ks. restaurants, hotels and lioarding-
ho_ae_. ranches, etc $25 tn ICO and found
waiters, city and -nuntry hotels and resorts..
$:£. $30 and tZi and found
}>r»rt»rs »>lfVHtor Ix.ys. etc; 4 baker's helpers.
130. $?. E .. 12:. and found. MURRAY & READY,
G24 and C.1« Clay bl
A -WANTED— Mon Jay morning at 7:30. with
bl-rik-t!' reaxjy to ro on train, a pang cf
teaxu-ters. rockn-.en an_ laborers for coast
road; 12 a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
<'•}.. 104 G»ary st .
AT C. R. HANSEN & OO/Cf 104 Geary St.
¦Wanted for the Coast Road; free fare:
Teamsters $2 a day
Hock— tea $2 a day
Labor*— X2 a Cay
FKEE FARE FREE FARE
SO railroad laborer?, cr.mrany work. 12 a day,
board $4 50 a week, free fare
a railroad section hands, Jl 70 a <3sy, free
fa—
Holrttog engineer for mine, $3 a day- 10
mlnera, $2 M> a day; 20 muckers, 12 a aay;
r.an to tak.> contract to out 2000 cords of
•rood for mining company: camp blacksmith.
II. R. work, J3 a day; 2° farmers, different
ranches, tl and $1 ZZ a day; H <iuarry_ien.
12 an-i $2 23 a day; milkers, choremen and
ethers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Ptfwj_rd and head waiter for summer resort.
T"" to KB: hotel cleric, with references. $50;
Ehip's steward, $40: second cook for mountain
resort. $4i to $10; he»il meat cock, country
hotel. JiO and fare advanced; baker, country
¦hop, ftt; broilers, city. $:* and XX; 20 dish-
\v_.shf-re. p.jtwa_h«>rs and kitchen hands, city
and country. $20. *2J and $30
Mld<lle-ae<~l man to make beds for the help,
country hotel. $25 and free fare
C. ft. HANS EX _.- CO.. 104 Geary et.
A— NURSE for an institution, country, ti") and
found. C. H. HANSEN & CO.. lu* Geary St.
AN errand boy, who knows the cltv, for our
cf_ce. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 deary st.
» _
¦WANTED— Competent retail salesman with tea
anJ co!T>e exi«er>nce; good position to right
l*rtj\ Bex 17ii, Call.
INTELLIcIETNT young man for the exporting
dtrj>artmer;t; kncwleige of foreign languages
Inferred; permanent; salary small at first;
j p. motion according to competency. C. W.
A., box 1715. Call offlc«.
WANTED — Clearer, one who understands wet
nr.i dry iirncess; steady work and good wages.
Hudson River Dye Works. 409 Sutter st.
GOOI> nickel and silver plater wanted and
buroi-ber on i lat^d work. Apply mX Dennis-
ton Piat'.ng Works. C2 Mission •_.
V.'ILL Lca'.f-. who "ad." In Examiner for posi-
tion. adciresB box 21sS5. Call office?
SMART cl<=an boy wanted for efflce. FTNK _
BC__CP__R. :SCi Market Bt.
DXSHWAEHEB wanted at _24 Bush st.
FTHWARI). understands fitting and opening
new lunch creamwy. Box 1709, Call office.
] V' ANTED— 2 carriage painter*. Apply B.
GRAVE, 421 Pacific st.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn plumbing. Ap-
ply at 1106 Buchanan st.
WANTED- -Strong boy to learn carriage and
wafon blackemithlng; reference. E2S Har-
r-.r'.n et.
IJOY with come c_i'erience In plumbing. Call
€„ r'avl* *t.. Monday, between 7 and 7:30.
WANTED— A rood solicitor. 1S7 Seventh St.;
Monday. b»t. fl ar.d in a. m,
Ol'KRATORS on shjrts and overalls. App!y
HLYNEMAKX * CO.. 410 Mlgelon st-
WANTED— At William Batemaxi's. S35 Foliom
*t., two good cabinet makers.
V.'ANTEI>— '_o<-»_ waiter for noon and evening.
106 Second st.
WAITED — A your.g man ma baker wagon
driver; 12:* Powrll; wi«n t_. Box 1718, Call.
ALL ¦iSM rr.en's shoes, is'.tithtly damaged, half
pri'.-e. CC2 Mission tt.. bet. let and 2d ets.
GOOD gardener for country place: wage* S_.
M RS. CATTELL. — 3 eighth St.. Oakland.
liAltlirKS' J'rogrci>i<H e t;nion— Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard. S^c, 104 7th; tel. Jesole lit
WANTED — A wheelwright who understands
woodworking machinery. Apply to BEMENT
A- DE BOW& Redwood City.
EXPERIENCED cutter foT ladles' cloaks:
must be »b!e to use either long or short knife.
MEYER BROS.. 7 and » Battery st.
KIUST-CLAFS 2-chair barber shop for sals
cheap: suitable for ! ladies or 2 rentl— en;
parties" poins: to Cape Nome. 427 San Pablo
_ve.. Oakland.
BSft^S-CHAUt barber i-hcp: main street, Saa
Jo»»- established 12 years: must sell; slck-
negg. 15c »hop. Box 2*05. Call offlc«.
IiAI*B_U£" good paying i>liop In nearby town;
a t_r*_'.n. DECKELMAX BROS.. 106 Ellis.
k FTROXcfboy wanted to help In blacksmith
rhop. 1221 Webster St.
GFT your rh<m hulf-eolea 1 while waiting; _c
to Mr;. t#* Mission »t.. brt. 1st and id «tf.
WANTED— A rtneral blacksmith. Apply 3.
OS1LAY. Seventeenth, aad Vermont tU.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
WANTED— P.ecrults tor the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married rr.ea, of pood character, between th» ;
aces of :i aad S5 years: not less than a feet ¦
4 lnchu and not over 6 foet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
_r,<J ppeak English properly. For further in- 1
fcrtr.atkn apply at the Marine Recruiting
CRSm, 40 EIMr st.. San Francisco. Cal., or
t20 K et.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Active men of (rood character to
deliver and collect for oId-e?tabllEhed whole-
rale and exporting house. Bona fide salary
of $X/C a yt-ar guaranteed with rxpen«es. No
experience required. References exchanged.
Enrl.-.se self-nddresFed stamped envelope to
WHOLESALERS AND EXPORTERS, third
floor. 334 Dearborn St.. ChIc_KO.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires Blx to eight weeks; day and evening
cla**: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
ir.»t> c' r'ty and illustrated catalogue mal.fi
free. MOLHRS BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER; thoroughly acquainted with
mercantile bocks: state ae«. experience,
¦•alary df-(=ired. references. A'Mress in own
hand writing, box csco. call office.
STRONG boy Rt Hermann's Ra'e Factory. 417 j
Hacrar.ient'< ft. '
GOVERNMENT p.*!tior.!<— Do you want one?
i Get ready nn-x. Clr.-ular 116. ulvlnc partlcu- !
lar« a» to salaries <1at»s of examination, etc.. .
I/nt fr-e by NATIONAL CORllKSPOND- j
F.NCr: INSTITUTE, Washington, D. C. ; write
to-day.
WANTED— Man to deliver and collect In San
£^ scc A":£:r t^pt?* £<
Cherry ft.. Philadelphia. -Pa. ;
WANTED-* _"Od lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellissi
COMPKTKNT nrsarilzcrs: best frater-
nity on earth ; gal. F. F. H.-ce. Preg.. Omaha.
FIRST-CLAFS coatmaker wanted. BELA3CO
_ HARRIS CO, 541 Market st.
WANTED— La borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hi.u?e proprietor, still
rurs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c r*r night: II to $2 per week.
MEN to learn bartering nr.d hairdresstng at a.
F Barber School. 741A Howard st
I G ENTLEMEVP suits to order, $1 per week, at j
ca&h prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 11- Kearny.
SAILORS ordinary eearr.en and green hands;
all rarts cf world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSION'S— GEO I). CAM1 J UE1.L. lawyer: 16
years' practice; Kxamlner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; TOO rooms, 25c night; reading room; free |
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry. • j
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Room« 15c to "jc per r.lght: 75c to \2 per week.
CLAf SIF1KD advertisements and subseriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subpcrlrtions has been established at 1036 Va-
lenrla rt.
HORSES. I.IVK STOCK. Kto — rN»r Sale
THE sixth lot of the I0O horses from the Canty
ranch iun In; from J20 up: 6 blacks. 2
browns ar.d 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
st.; CaFtro-Bt. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carti«. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
£27 Sixth et.: auction tales every Wednesday.
FULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PPAN cf stylish horses, 16 hands high; will
sell pir.ffle. £."36 Market st, or 300 Parr ott
building.
FOR ral«- — ! <"xtra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist 685 Golden Gate ave.
FIFTEEN head of horses cheap, weighing 1100
to 3 600 lbs. 3^S Tayi->r ft.
HOCS_S TO LET.
A^pirrNTKiTTnTr"h^
cular. G. H. CMBSEN 4 CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO i*t-NfW house; 2 flats'. 4 sunny rooms in
ea_h; r> m $11 50 ar.d 312 SO. On Karron ave.,
off E'ldy st.. between Pierce and Scott.
NICELY furnished house, S rooms, in San Ra-
fael; large garden and stable; no children anl
references required; rent $40. Postofuce box
r.14. Pan Rafael.
i $20— EI.E<3ANT funny bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath: large yard, basement and
laundry. 2i"0 Twenty-fourth Et.. nr. Sanchez.
ELEGANT, sunny new house of 7 rooma and
bath; rent reasonable. 723 Castro st.
BROADWAV, Iil6, near Van Ness— Sunny 7-
I rix>m house.
I 6 ROOMS, bath, yard; modern improvements;
j rent $16. 27SS 23d st.. bet. York. Hampshire.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717— « rooms each and bath;
modern, sunny; convenient; rent reduced.
HOl'FE of 5 rooms: good condition; healthy lo-
cation: r*nt JS. 11.57 Kearny rx.
HOUSES TO LET — FLUMSIIKIJ.
CALIFORNIA, near Van Ness ave.— 10-room
house comp."'»ly furnished; responsible par-
ties. Call at » "¦ Post st.
FURNISHED house. 12 rooms. JCO; or furniture
for sale. $400; near City Hall. A. B., 639
McAllister st
EDDY. 1S7S— \i lerrr S-room house, completely
furnished, 4 rr.oi.ths from June 1. Responsible
parties may have at own price.
Hill SI :s WAXTED.
WANTED — A modern house In good location:
marine view; desirable; not to exceed JSW).
Ad.Jrf-ss. stating full particulars, box 171L
Call office.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A solitaire diamond ring was lost by a
vr.ung lady In the packing-room of the Twin
Bros. -Milling Co. on Wednesday. May 23; the
ring «iipped from her finger when filllns: a
package of Twin Bros. mush. A reward of
J20 will be paid for the return of this diamond
ring to the TWIN BROS. MILL. 12 Halleck
st. This ring Is valued by the young lady,
as It was a wedding present to her srand-
1 mother 65 years a_ro.
LOST— On the 2 o'clock broad-gauge boat, May
2i. lady's gold hunting-case watch, with mon-
ogram N. E. H. back of case; eet with dia-
mond, rubr and sapphire. Finder please re-
turn to K23 Ninth st., Oakland, and receive
liberal reward.
BLACK Japanese pug, emooth-haired, marked
white spot on breast, front feet half white;
license 331S. Return to Dr. Fitzgerald. 1744
Mission St., and receive re-ward. If found In
anybody's pofsesslon after this notice they
will be prosecuted.
LOST— Bank book on the Hlbernla Bank, In the
name of MRS. ANN McDANIEL. Finder wftl
return same to the Ulbernia Bajik and receive
reward.
LOST— April E. large Maltese cat: name Toby;
$10 reward. Return to 705^4 Valencia «t
LOST — Green bicycle wheel on Folnom st; r«-
ward. 8. BILLINGTON. 446 Valencia st
LOST— White English netter bitch; lemon ears.
Return 147 New Montgomery 6t; reward.
LOST— Roll of old music. Return to 214 Pine
St.. room 65; reward.
FOUND -A pocket-book In Metropolitan Hall
containing money; call at L&ngham Hotel.
MISS M. KIRBY.
3?"OTJND— Lady's bicycle; owner can have same
by proving property. 2S29 San Bruno ave.
MATIU3IOXIAL.
MARRIAGE PAPER. "" ~~~
Best published — FTtEEJ.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.
BiliDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
rlclan, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
_urop« with advanced knowledge; safe an<J
reliable cure IS; have treated thousands of
rates with success : IS years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In B. F. for years; treated thousands of
rates successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Writs or call at
1023*4 Market st,
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home tn confinement; treatment at
office, *5; any aliment; consultation free; con-,
fldentlal. 942 Post at, t*t. Hyde and Lurkln.
MRS VK. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
m»nt at office. |5; consultation free. 1122
Market St.. between Mason and Taylor; office
hours, 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 4.
MRB. DR. ALLEN. 1«5 Market; ladies' spe-
clalist; treatment _t office, $5; consultation
free; hours ]0 to 8. Phone Jessie 217.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat*
Fclentlflc methods; treatment, 15.
DR. NG TOT KEE. late of Canton, China: dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 6acramento,eor.K<?arny:advlce fre«.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. JM7 Folscm et. MRS. DR PFEIFFER.
T. F.— DU. WISE _ CO., the ladles' specialists,
lilt Market st; every case guaranteed: ti up.
MRS. RTHWARTIN'O, midwife; private home
in confinement for ladles. (10 Eddy rt.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENKR-Prlvatt horn*
In confinement. H12 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mason nt
CHEAPEST end best In Am erica— The Weekly
Call. 15 pages, sent to any address In the
United Slates or Canada one year ior JL,
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st
13xl4-IN. fidg. whalebone landing net; coet. $12
14-ft, 17-oz., split bamboo salmon rod: cost 16
lO^s-foot. 6-oz. Leonard fly rod; cost 30
10-foot. £*»-o_. Webber Lake fly rod; cost.. IS
10-foct. 4H-oz. Catsklll Leonard rod; wood
tube case; coet 23
Leather rod case for above rods; cost...!!. 6
No. 2 multiplying Kentucky reel; cost...... 18
No. 6 multiplying 'Kentucky reel: cost 2i
Leonard single-click reel; cost 6
J. P. More's Sons' single-click reel; cost... 6
Fly stock book; coat g
All the above In flrst-class condition, will
sell only as a whole and for cash. Box 2SS9
Call office.
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear at.
FOR sale — Bakery; cheap. If sold at once;
cause, departure. 403 Van Ness ave.
FOR Bale— Fine foxterrler pups; cheap. 215V4
Tehama st.
FOR SALH— Ark Mona, foot of Chestnut st, Al-
ameda «6tuary.
13AKS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete cut fits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice tha
price could buy no better; mall orders sollc-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
8-POUND Fteel T ral! for sale cheap. BURN-
PTINE BROfi., 634-538 Brannan St.
BOYS' wheel for sale: the Adlake; bargain; $10.
13-'S Market St. ..between Seventh and Eighth, \
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75 Pop- '
ular Price Hatters. 3S0 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery ,t.
FIN'n new launch hull cheap for cash; engine
if desired. H. T. Bradley. 364 14th. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling i
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 613 Kxamlner bldg.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and xecond-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and 10th.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
633 Market «t.. San Francisco.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; iathes: !d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks soale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MI-CEL.LAXKOLS WA.VTS.
AN autographic register. 607 Mission st
WANTED— I soda tanks. 136 Ellis st
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cn«h. H. L. WHTTEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage luans on real estate, furniture and
tiunos; no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO., room C03. Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respeetable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et.; tel. Main 1G44. Rranch 19 Third ft.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Office, 14
Fifth Ft. are transferred to W. J. Hesthal,
10 Sixth st.. where the business will be con-
tinued. T. LUBELSKI.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny Bt, room 9, respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER,
E22 Ellis st. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rra. 44, Merchants' Exchnge, 431 Calif.
TO ealarled people; without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
ccrr-nlislon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you 'need
more money gee H. MURI'HY. 630 Market st.
TO Ealarted men without collateral or indorser.
B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— At once. Improved Income city
property. $1500 to $5000, for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. €67 Market >t
MUSICAL INSTUUM_.\TS.
p7a7jo¥T~^£aNo"s1 PIANOsf""
$48, JS3. $100. $133.
$165; upright: easy payments.
Symphonlon music boxes from $14
to $100, and everything In the musto Una.
S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter ¦_
PACKARD PIANOS— Beat the world.
Packard organs — are the best
See and hear them when you're ready.
Bring your e&bh: we'll do the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market at
OLYMPIA Belf-playlng muslo boxes are the
latest and best; any styla sold on Installments
. If you haven't the cash to spare. Z, MAU-
VAIS' Music Store. 769 Market st.
DECKER & SON nlanos, established in 1856,
are a s reliable In tone, action and durability
as any piano can be made. Sole agency
MAUVAIS', 763 Market st
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash, U per
month; other pianos 13, $4 and $5 p«r month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway Dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN exceptional offer— Fischer, $S0; Arlon $106*
Cable, $165; Bstey. $190; finest condition war-
rar.ted; ea«y payments. BETNJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 ©"Fa— ell st; Chlckerlng, Steck.
Vose. Sterllrur. Curtaz pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
£6, IS and 20 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing Doeslble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS— A few piano* w m sold this
week for storage ; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt
WANTED — Ten square pianos and six organs
for country schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S
Pout St.
A BEAUTIFUL $400 upright piano, not used a
year, will be sold immediately for $125;
owner leaving the city. Room 12. Flood bldg.
A— STEINWAY uprltht: fine condition: very
cheap. BRUENN. 2CS Post st
I if o CASH will purchase a fine upright; call
at once. 1021 Van Ness ave., room 7.
A BTEINWAY: $165: Installments $3, $5. $7. $10;
rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellla St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Planoa. SOS to
312 Post st. ¦ -.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR 'violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD~STOnES To Let.
STORE to let; corner Twentieth and Folaom;
fine place for barber shop; rent {12,
OIL.
IF you are buyini? oil stock you better read our
folder, "How to Judge an Oil Company";
mailed free on application. The International
Investments Co., Henne biag.. Los Angeles.
i PAUI1STRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. JonM.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor at., bet. Geary-: Post: phone black 561.
I'EItSO.NALS.
REFINED widow of 30 wishes the acquaintance
of a gentleman with some means; object mat-
rimony; references exchanged. Address bos
1710, Call offlce : '
MY wife. FLORENCE DERMODY, has left my
bed and board, and I will not be responsible
for any debt contracted by her. '
W. J. DERMODY.
SAVE YOUR HAIR
Have you dandruff, eczema. Itching scalp,
falling or gray hair? Then call on the hair
and scalp specialist who does not foist herself
upon intelligent people as the "only" one who
make3 above cures, but come and be con-
vinced by guaranteed testimonials. "Luxu-
riol" bust developer on same guarantee. En-
close stamp for book. E. R. DUNLAP, 6
Eddy st, parlors 73 and 74, San Francisco.
PRIVATE and secluded home In confinement:
removed from the bustle and din of a large
city; privacy which cannot be obtained at
hospttj-Is or sanitariums; physicians having
patients desiring- to administer medical serv-
ices themselves can do so; country patients
solicited. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth »t,
Alameda,
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser,
wants It distinctly understood
that he does not charge extra
for the very latest and newest
styles of halrdresslng. In fact,
he has but on« price, 25 cents.
Call and prove it. 123 Stockton st.
MME. FISHER manufactures all her face and
hair preparations and guarantees them; If
they fail to do as represented money returned,
no matter how bad the case may be. Tel.
Red 5201. 19 Powell s^
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray hair to natural color, stop falling;
cures dandruff and itching scalp; grows new
hair; at druggists and hairdressers.
YOU tried growers, restorers, massage, tonics,
remedies, without success; been humbugged.
Call or write DR. KUESTER, narrow-gauge
depot. Oakland; here IS years.
FOR $1, with magnetic treatment, hot air bath,
given free for one month; hours from 10 until
4. 112 Eighth st.
BOSTON Cash Laundry removed to 1S5 Fourth
St., r.ear Howard. Telephone South 231.
CEMETERY fences; largest stock. DOUG-
LASS. 1716 Central ave.. near Bush st.
FREE— Success In life can only be obtained
through Influence. Will send absolutely free
a 100-page book which explains all the secrets
of hypnotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing: tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold the
love and respect of others; anybody can learn
In a few days- we guarantee success; write to-
day. Address NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF
SCIENCE. Dept. 517 J. Rochester, N. Y.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 60 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
550 Market Bt., cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Hx3>^,
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free: lessons given, 50o each.
$2 50 LADIES* shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st., near Third.
$2 60 MEN'S shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market at, near Third.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. Sf>0 Market sL, second floor, room 37.
ELECTRIC liKhto in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 100 rooms;
16c to $1 50 tier night; $1 50 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnnnt«. L. I.KMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIKS" and gents' castoff clothing bought and
told. Rllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel Folsom 1191.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought; also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st
DETECTIVE— Honorable: confidential; secrets
Inviolate. Address box 4?0. Call office
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old urold and sliver bought;
send postal. COLEMAS'9. W6 Kearny st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Ger.ry rt.. ground floor.
PHYSICIAN'S A.\D Si;HG_O\S.
FREE treatment for one month given all to
Introduce our famous remedies. DR POPE
& CO.. 39 Turk St., 8. F.. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market £t. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC and other diseases positively cured
DR. GORDIN, 614 Pine st. near Kearny.
REAL ESTATK — CITY — FOR SALe]
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATlTca^ancT'
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$55,000— NW. corner; Turk at., near Larkln 1
137:6x137:6; rents $205; partially Improved. '
$50,000 — Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend ats. ; 99x240 feet: 2 frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin st — 77x137:6; modern
house of 18 rooms.
$28.000— Market st, near Valencia: 88:11^x124.
Irregular to Stevenson st. ; frame Improvements!
$12,500— Union Ft. n?ar Taylor: 3 modern flats
and rear house: 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x100;
houre of 12 rooms.
$7000— Sacramento Bt. near Hyde; 85x120: houw
9 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5-VO— Fourth St., near Harrison; 25x80; store
and flat; sale urgent
$6500— Grove st, near Central ave.; 25xlS7:«;
new 3-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
Natoma st,; near Tenth— 50x75; 8 housea;
rents $60; must be sold.
$6CO0— Vallejo st. near Mason; 4S:l%xl37:6,
with an L; 2 flats and rear house; rents $$4.
$6000— Folsom st. near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $48.
$5600— Green tt, near Dupont; 16:6x80; S bay-
window flats; rents $65.
$56CO— Octavla st.. near Vallejo: 25x112 :C; two-
story modern residence.
14230— Webster st, near Filbert; KxlOO; s-rooro
cottage.
$375O-EUls st, near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable,
$29CO— Central ave., near Hayes St.: stor« and
4 rooms and bath: 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Cor. Hayes and Lyon sts.
$8000— Cor. Guerrero and 1 Fourteenth: 68x98.
$2750 each— Post Bt. near Devlsadero; 2 lota.
80x90— W. line Mission, S. of Army: 8 lots.
$2250— McAllister st, near Lyon: 25x100.
$1500— Union 6t, near Pierce; 25:2x100.
260-125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th ate.
82:6x100— Cor. Point Lobos and Eleventh ave_.
$1S5— A REMARKABLY cheap level corner In
LcJtevlew; close to the cars: ready for build-
ing; the adjoining corners were sold for $350;
we might arrange to have It sold on Install-
ments.
$475— 8-room cottage and corner lot at corner
Twenty-third and Corbett road. It cost a lot
more money, but on account of sickness the
owner has to leave and it will be sacrificed.
$500— worth $600: a lot 30x143 on California
ave.: close to Mission st. carhouse. The
owner has to gro East and it can be bought
at a bargain.
$1200— Offer wanted: lot on Eighteenth, bet
Banchez and Noe: street bitumlnlzed; part
cash.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
100 LOTS SOLD IN
Santa Fe Townslte Terminus Santa Fe R. R.,
In 2 months; corners advanced $25; other lots
Wl " bC GET IN BEFORE THE RAISE.
Terms $10 down, balance $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery Bt.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON,
323 Montgomery st
Bee these fine views alone Hyde at. cars.
$12.000— Northeast corner Hyde and Francisco
»U. ; 137x137: fine view of bay; Hyde Bt. cars:
buy now while you can get It cheap.
$6500— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts. ; 60x137;
fine site for building: Hyde or Union st. earn.
$2500— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert Bts.; 41x62;
pretty site for home or flats; view of bay.
$15.000— SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts. ;
137x137; good dwelling: handsome grounds;
superb vlww all around; easy of access from
Union or Hyde st cars. ...
$8000— NTS. corner Hyde: superb view of bay;
60 ft. front; will subdivide.
$18.000— Business property; Fillmore, near Cal-
ifornia: wtores and flats: rents $1450 per annum.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
207 Montgomery street.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$1700— Cottage 4 rooms and basement; 25x100;
Bryant ave.. near Twenty-fourth st; street bl-
tumlnl_ed and cars pass the door.
$3250— Foreclosure sale; mortgage $3000; mod-
ern house, 8 rooms and bath; 25x114; locality Al;
worth $5500.
$2250— Cottare 5 rooms and bath: 27x104; mort-
gage $1700: San Jose ave.. near Thirtieth st
$3500— Two flats, 5 rooms and bath each; fine
condition: rented low at $29; safe and sure.
$3300— Minna St.; store and flat and rear house:
2 frontages; near Call building; rents $49.
$000— Twenty-first st, near Castro: 25x114.
$950— Near nalght and Baker ets; 27x154.
$1100 — Liberty st,, near Dolores; 25x114
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE! COMPANY.
207 . Montgomery street" . .
BROADWAY— North elde building lot; cheap.
¦ THE MCCARTHY CO- 646 Market _L
REAL. ESTATE— CITY — FOK SALE. !
G. H. UM_$?EN~_ CO~ "" ""
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$13.000— Rents $1032 per annum; Jackson St.;
part of lot vacant; 2 houses and cottage:
half 50-vara lot eS:3xl37:6.
$16,000— Rents $l_t>0 per annum: Turk St.; 5 two-
story houses of*7 rooms and bath each;
lot 106:6x87:6. with an L 50x56:6. •
$2,600— Rents $3tt> per annum: 2 flats of 6 and 5
rooms and bath each; near Sixth and
Harrison sts.
$6,500— Rents $63S jwr annum; Fifth St.; _lm-
provemt-nts of little value: lot 53*x.o.
$6,500— Rents J660 per annum; to close an_ es-
tate; property well located In the West-
ern Addition; two stores and flat; lot
S7:6xS2:6.
$2.000— Rents $216 per annum: 2-story house and
stable; Twelfth at., near Folsom; lot
$2,000— Corner 125x70; short distance from Mis-
sion st.; 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; sanitary
plumbinc: fruit trees.
$2,000— Mission home; large corner near Mis-
sion and Guerrero sts.; car lines; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and lot.
$1,750— San Jose ave.; cozy cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; 26x90: easy terms.
$1,750— Cozy corner home near Mlnsion-st. cars
and Cortland ave.: cottage and lot 50x
100; room for 2 more houses.
$2,750— Very cheap Mission home: nice 2-story
bay-window hoii!«e of 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; 25x114: sunny aid*
of street; half a block from Castro-st.
cars.
$13,000— Rents $1260 per annum: business corner
on Howard St.; 2 stores and 2 flats; 50x
"^a; always rented: Is one of the best
business corners in the city.
$5,637— Rents $51C per annum; 2 fine modem
flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each:
California St.; 25x137:6.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco Co.. 25c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real -.state
Records " which contains a list of properties
for sale In every part of th^cHy^ & qq
14 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELU tgomery gTREET
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Eeveral choice lots on this tlwroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get partlcu-
• lars at oftlce. „„
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,600 — Paclnc-ave. residence; elegant modern
i residence: 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
1 for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$6."00— Octavla st.. near Broadway; two-story
residence of S rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents f45.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40,000 — Thlrd-st. corner: 137:6x137:6; ston; and
flats; good Improvements; rents $250.
$45,000— Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 100x87:6.
$11.000— Rents $113; Castro-st. corner; stores
and flats; lot 60xM>.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3260— Rltch st;. 5 flata; rents $12 50; lot 22x30.
$6000— Rents $65; Natoma st., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above: lot 25x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$2750— Richmond district; entirely new; 3 cot-
tages; modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3350 — Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences, just completed; 6 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 25x120; easy terms.
$11.000— Pine St., near Buchanan; good mod-
em residence; 10 rooms and bath up-to-date
plumbing; electric lights; lot 25x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000— Van Ness ave.; corner; 32x109.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6x127 :8U:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250 — Mill Valley cottage; G rooms and bath;
partly finished attlo; large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery at.
PACIFIC STREET.
A sacrifice — Brick building on Pacific st..
near Montgomery ave.; store and 22 rooms;
rents $70; must be sold; reduced to $7500.
BAKERY PLANT.
Southwest corner of Fourteenth and Sanchez
fits.: 105x105 feet; fully equipped; price $20,000;
might rent.
THREE FINE FLATS
On Van Ness ave.; new and modern; rents
$130 monthly; lot 25x125; price S12.500.
A NICE HOME
On Hayes St., near Devlsadero; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny lot; price $6000.
A FINE HOME AT SAN MATEO
For exchange for city property.
I'ACIFrC-A VENUE CORNER.
43x100 feet, with city and marine view; street
work all done; will be sold at a sacrifice.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$3000— Sunny lot on Clay st.; Presidio
Heights: 30x127:8.
$2000 — Lot on Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom;
37:6x100.
1 $1750— Nice lot on Spruce st,, near Clay;
cheap.
$700 each— Two lots on California St., south,
' near Second ave. ;. 25x100 each.
1 [ $C50 each — Alvarado st.. near Sanchez: 25x114
each. McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery st., S. F.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.,
, Opposite Kearny.
Market St. — Two frontages; north side and
' east side of Taylor st. : lease about expiring;
. Increased rental offered.
$72,000 — Corner, near Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage: rare buy.
$42.&00— Rents $400; lot 80x137:6 feet; modern
buying; pays 10 per cent.
$327000 — Fourth st., near Townsend; 137 :6x
! 137 :fi; near railroad and warehouses.
$28.000— Vicinity Larkln and McAllister: lot
63:9x120 feet: two frontages; rents $210.
$23,000— Sixth St.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and 60 rooms above; rents $200.
$12,500— Half block from Market and Steuart
, st*. ; brick building.
$12,500— Ninth st.; close to Mission; SS feet
, front; two stores and flats.
1 $9000— Rents $100; lot 100x137:6; Powell-st car
, line.
1 $7250 — Broadway, between Buchanan and
Webster sts.; lot 34:4^x132 feet; choicest resl-
• dence site.
$6500— Six bay-window flats: rents $66; lot
1 48x75; near Sixth and Howard sts.
ji;.-,0O— 1225 Bush st., lot 30x137:6; house of 14
• rooms; must be sold.
$5000— Powell St.; three flats; rents $62.
• $4500— Four fine flats; Capp St.; rents $40.
$3200 — 1106 Twenty-fifth st., near Castro; store
• and rooms; lot 30x114 feet.
$3000— Rents $40; five flats; . two frontages;
; Vallejo st.
$2750—51 South Park; house and lot; 21x107:6.
; A. M. SPECK & CO., 687 Market st,
WITHIN THE REACH OF ALL.
Those handsome new homes on Aehbury Heights.
Clayton St., near Frederick; contain large re-
' ccptlon hall, pretty parlors, dining room and
. kitchen on parlor floor; 4 large, sunny bed-
rooms, with dressing rooms attached, on second
floor; open plumbing, beautiful mantels, marble
steps: splendid taste shown in the decorations;
charming situation; superb views; blue cars on
Eddy-st. line (Halght and Ellis transfer) pass
, the property; only a few hundred cash required
! down, balance in small monthly payments at a
. low rate of Interest.
1 LYON & IIOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
PRETTY new homes
At the Mission. '
Only a few hundred cash required down, bal-
ance In small monthly payments.
$2S0O and $3300— Don't fall to see the "up-to-
date" houses, cor. 23d and Church sts.: contain
6 and 6 large, sunny rooms and all the latest
conveniences; fine view; no hill to climb; take
, Mlsslon-st. cars, transfer to 22d-st line, get oft
¦ at Church and 24th.
i LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
- ON account of sickness.
Handsome flats sacrlflced.
$10,760 — Close to O'Farrell and Laguna
sts. ; S swell flats; marble steps; open plumb-
Ing; expensive mantels: paying over 10 per
J cent. LYON & IIOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
• $12.500— BUSINESS corner; splendidly Improved.
1 with 3-story building, store and flats above:
• rent $90; always rented; small expenses; on
: Howard st, close to town.
LYQN & HOAG, 114 Montgomery ot
Sl'X rooms and bath; new house on Xlnth ave
between California and Clement sts.; all the
latest Improvements; come to the office -and
find out how you can obtain this house for
your rent money.
, Also new 5 room and bath on Hoffman ave.,
I Heyman Tract.
And 4 room and bath on Buena Vista ave.,
near Twenty-ninth and Mission st3.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner and Builder,
117 Sutter st.
PARK lota for sale on reasonable terms.
For sale — Four room and bath, nice summer
home, on Alvln Tract, Elmhurst R. R. station
JACOB HEYMAN,
> 117 Sutter st.
' FOR rent— House of 8 rooms and bath; 1615
Lyon Bt., west side, between California and
' Sutter; rent reasonable.
; __; JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
; tu °' m - ¦ —
i GRAND DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Mlsslon-st. Business Corner.
Large Lot — Brick Improvements.
Income $3600 per annum.
Further particulars at office.
; A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery at
A— DAVID STERN & SONS^
• Real Estate Agents.
11 Montgomery Bt,
' $21.000— Rents $204; Filbert Bt to Mont-
gomery ave.; well rented; large lot; a snap.
$16.500— Choice corner: .Folsom st. east of
Tenth; rents $142: 37:6x95: new Improvements.
¦ $12,000 — Rents $112 50; Leavenworth St.. near
Sacramento: 5 new modern flats; large lot.
$4750— Rents $45; three modern flats; Broderick
. Bt.. near Fulton; 25x100.
$9000— Rent* $30: Golden Goto, near Franklin.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market street.
INVESTMENTS EAST OF LARKIN STREET.
516,000— Rents $1260 per annum; on Geary st.:
new modern building: store and two i-
room flats; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$14.250— Rents $1440 per annum; Post st. ; 3 ele-
Kttnt flats of 9 rooms and bath; every
modern Improvement; lot 25x137.6 feet.
111,000— Rents $1920 per annum; on Stockton St.;
11 Hats and house: 4 frontages.
$6600— Rents S790 per annum; on Larkin St.. near
Bush: 3 fine lints.
EVERY FLAT RENTED IN EVERY ONE OF ,
ABOVE INVESTMENTS.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$12,500— Rents $1225 per annum; Laguna St.; 3
fHT.in.t modern flats of 7, & and 3 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120 to rear street.
$10,600 — Rents $1092 per annum: 3 modern flats, 7,
S and 8 rooms and bath; lot 25:11x120 to
rear street.
$7500— Rents $$05 per annum; 3 new. elegani
modern flats; a rooms and bath, porcelain
tubs, tile mantels, frescoed dome ceilings. |
etc.; Ashbury st., near panhandle. j
$C750— Rents $600 per annum; make offer: Grove !
St., near Lyon; 3 modern flats, 6. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; lot 2oxl37:6 feet.
$1500 cash, balance $4500. on Installment mort-
gage, payments J51 per month; Clayton St.. !
near panhandle: 2 new modern fiats, 6 and 7
roomi and bath; every modern improve- ;
ment; rents $00 per month.
$57S0 — Rents $*76 per annum: opposite proposed ;
panhandle, un Fell St.; 2 well-built flat9
of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6 fe«t.
• MISSION FLATS.
$6000— Rents $648 per annum; mortgage of $5230;
4 flats on Harrleon St., near Fourth, lot
25xS5 feet.
$5500— Rents $S64 per annum; 6 flats of 4 and 7
rooms; lot 50x75 feet; near Sixth and Fol-
som SL3.
$3350— Must be sold at once; 6 flats. 4 and 5
rooms; rents $567 per annum; lot 33:9x73
feet; Clara et., r.ear Sixth.
CHEAP SOUTH-OF-MARKET LOT3.
WITH OLD IMPROVEMENTS.
$2500— Natoma st, near Third; 30x80 feet.
$2000— Tehama St.. near Fourth: 25x75 feet.
$1SCO— Natoma st., near Seventh.
.CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
$2400— Page st.. near Cole.
$3000— Corner on Washington s_: 31x100.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$3000— Reduced from $3250; new house, 6 rooms
and bath; porcelain tubs, tile mantels,
gas grates, china closets; pretty artistic
front: Iron fence; cement walk; bitumen
street; cars pass the door; Mission waxia
belt; will make terms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
63S Market street.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. MAY 29. 1900.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market st.
LEAVENWORTH STREET INVESTMENT.
West side, 1037-39-41-43 Leavenworth St.. 57:J
south of California: 3-story house, 10 rooma and
bath and 3 flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
total rents $108 50; lot 40x60 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS INVESTMENT.
North eldft Clay Bt. (No. 3340), 110 east of
Walnut, elegant modern residence of 12 rooms,
attic, basement, billiard-rooms, etc.; every
modern Improvement; rents $7S0 per annum,
under lease; lot 27:6xl27:8H feet; terms, cash
above bank mortgage of $3500, which can re-
main.
MISSION WARM BELT.
PEREMPTORY SALE.
(Without reserve.)
Northeast corner of Bryant and Twenty-sixth
sts.; fine level lots, ready for building; street
level; bttumlnlzed, sewered, accepted by city;
terms, bank mortgage of $2750 can remain on
the 5 lots or $550 can remain on each lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Banks pay 3 1-3 per cent; these properties pay
from 13 to IS per cent.
WELCH ST.
Northwesterly side Welch st. (Noa. 112-114),
130 southwest of Fourth; six flats, two of 4
rooms, four of 3 rooms; total rents $48 per
month; lot "25x75 feet.
ALICE ST.
Northeast side Alice st. (Nos. 5 and 7), 80
feet southeast of Folsom; six tenements of 4
and 3 rooms: total rents $42 per month; lot
40x57:6 feet; will subdivide.
TEHAMA ST.
North side Tehama st. (No. 742). 80 feet
northeast of Ninth; five tenements of 4 and 3
rooms; rents $32 per month; key lot extending
back toward Howard st. ; lot 25x30 feet.
BAKER ST. RESIDENCES.
West side Baker st. (Nos. 21-23), 27 feet south
of Page; two modern well-built houses of i
rooma and bath each; finished basement, serv-
ants" room, laundry, etc.; every modern con-
venience; will sell houses separate: lots 22:6x
100 each; terms, cash above bank mortgage of
$4250 on each honse.
LEAVENWORTH ST. FLATS.
East side Leavenworth st. (No. 1718). 40 feet
south of Vallejo; two flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and basement; rents $30; lot 20:6x63:8 feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side Vlcksburg st. (No. 10), 69 feet south
of Twenty-second; nice appearing 2-story house
of 6 rooms and bath and barn; rents $16 ner
month; lot 22:6x100 feet.
LYON ST. LOT.
FORCED SALE.
West side Lyon St., 25 north of Gearr: ¦_•
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
»33 Market at.
JOHN PFORR. 403 PINE ST..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$4000 — Panhandle property; fine cottage of 8
rooms and bath: Oak st.. near Lyon; lot 25x110
feet; rent $25; $2500 may be left on mortgage*
low Interest. " '
$6300— Fine small business property; store am.
flats on Geary st. : rent too.
Church St., near Maxket— A fine lot with Im-
provements; 25x125. .
$8000— Flllmore st., near Halght: four fine
nearly new flats; lot 50x80; rent $65.
$550— A pick-up; only a few blocks from
Strawberry Hill; a NW. corner; S2:6xlOO feet.
$3000 each — Four splendid lots. 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) st.. just west of
Valencia.
$1500 each— Five lots, 25x70 each, on Cllntou
Park, west of Valencia st. ;
$3400— Rent $30; a splendid piece of business
property: store and dwelling; lot 25x75.
PARK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO
GET ONE.
On Installments— $15 down and $3 per month:
price $150; park lots 25x120 feet each: well
located; only five blocks from the park and
four blocks from the boulevard.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$550 to $800— Sunset lots; superb view of
ocean; graded and sewered; easy Installments.
1450 to $300— Choicest Richmond lots: $10
monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lots: near Mlssion-st. car:
$5 monthly.
$650 to $1000—4 and 5 room cottages tn excel-
lent locations- near cars; payments uma as
rent. .
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO.
BARGAIN- $625: $100 cash, balance $5
month on Installments; choice building lots,
on Elizabeth St., bet. Douglass ave. and Hoff-
man ave.; size 25x114; u block from electric
cars: this location Is rapidly being built up
by nice houses, find lots offered are the cheap-
est In the Mission: ready for bulMInc; will
give possession Immediately; will arrange to
build; Installment payments If desired. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery St.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80xlli feet.
$1600— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan; 2Sx
137:6 feet.
1632 SACRAMENTO St.. north side, east of Polk
—Sun all day; new, nice and tidy; marble and
tile lavatory between rooms: cedar linen and
clothes closets; futl-ler.gth mirrors In doors:
mahogany and oak mantels, etc. ; cross line of
cars; postofflce. etc.
$150— LOT 25x120; cost $300; a short distance
; from 19th-ave. boulevard and 3 blocks from
Park. ArDly to owner, 911 and 913 Market
Bt.. In office.
REAL, ESTATE: CITV FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
S16 Market st. opp. I'nlace Hotel.
Established ISIS.
Ellls-st. Investment, near Taylor: lot I7:«~
137:6: this is downtown and In tasl advancing
locality.
$17, (yv>— Fulton St.. between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot 00x120 to Ash ave.
J14.00O— Pine «t.. near Hyde"; 3 flats: rent3
JU5; lot 34:4_127:S.
IKOO— Capp St.. near Eighteenth; rents 1ST,;
flats all, rented; 3T:tixl2_:6.
$fi'.00 — Laundry: well leased: Lombard st,
near FiUmore; 63:9x137:8.
California st.. ndjolr.lns corner Polk: lot 5Ox
S7:6; must be sold to close estate.
Marine view unsurpassed: new cottage. <
rocms. bath, attic an.1 larse basement; extra
well built: lot 27:nx137:«: prtC« S4T-»: building
alono cost the money : must be sold.
Chslce cornsr for flats— Webster st. and Wil-
dey ave.: 27:6xsl:3; old impritvenvnts; now pay-
Ins good interest; $3iy cash, balance easy terms.
ISO*) — McAllister St.. near Lacuna: rents J37;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$3'W--Wa-hln_trn *t.. near Stockton: 23xl37:»
to an alley: well Improved.
SS006 — Baker »t.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath: in perfect order; 13:6x112:6.
JK-'X)— Pearl st., near Market; 8 rooms and
bath; _xta
$2300 — Bryant st. near Seventh; 2 cottages;
rents J20; let 20xS0.
$31 I X>— Oak Grove ave.. near Harrison St.:
rents $26; lot 2'xll-V
S4:."'>— Octavia st.. near Halght : an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:Sxli>l.
IS-'OCy-GreenwIch st.. between Stockton and
Powell; good hou?e and lot 23:9x!'».
$1500— Day St.. near Church; cottaee of 5
rooms; lot 53x114.
MADISON * BVTCKE.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
SCOTT & HARRIS.
Real Estate and Home Brokers.
20 Post St.
|13_noo — A splendM business corner on Ellis
St.; two "Stores, two flats, three frontaares;
rent $100 per month: lot 37:6x<t7:>i; mcrtKafre can
remain. Here !s a chance— must sell.
$10.500 — A fine buy on fi^ary st.. n*ar Leaven-
wcrth: lot 2.'i^fl37:6: rents about $f.O: could b<*
Improved at little cost; mortgage of 13000 can
remain.
$6$"0— Two handsome Western Addltton flats
on Washington st.. near flaker; 5 anil <j rooms
and bath: rents $C0; lot 23X.103. This is a fin*
neighborhood.
$57.*.O — Two thorousrhly up-to-date flats on
Clayton st. ; porcelain tubs, wooden mante!s.
J and 7 rooms and hath; rents about $30; lot
25xl0fi. Must be nold: this is a bargain.
$42"i0 — Two strongly built flats, thorousrhly
modern, on sunny side of Point Loboa ave. :
lot 28x100; S and 7 rooms, and bath; cost $7100.
Mortgage can remafn.
$29:"0 — Rents $380 a year: four small flats on
Second ave.. in fine condition: lot 23x120; al-
ways rented: $li".O mortgage can stand. A
great chance.
$2S50 — A fine modem 2-story house, with all
the latest Improvements: modern mantels, por-
celain tubs; $1SOO mortgage can stand; 6 room*
and bath. In Mission warm belt.
$2500— Forced sale: fine modern sunny cottage;
6 rooms and bath: California st. : 33 feet front-
age: mortgage of $U0O can stand: make offer.
$22f^) — Two cottages on sunny side of Tehama
St.. between Fourth and Fifth; lot worth
$2500: a pick-up; rented.
$1850— $650 takes it: Al 2-story house on sunny
side of street In Mission warm b-Mt; 2Cxtl4;
bank mortgage of $1200 at 6 per cent can stand.
"A magnificent chance for a home.
SCOTT & HARRIS.
20 Post st.
BARGAIN — Lovely corner house: NW. comer
of 23th st. and Hoffman ave.; 73x100: good,
comfortable house of 8 rooms and bath; fine
views of almost tha entire city: very sunny
place; 22d-st. electric cars Just one block from
the property: place for home or Institution;
will be sold on very easy terms; $1SOO can re-
main at 6 per cent: must he sold. Further
particulars of G. H. UMDSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
"BARGAIN"— $2100 cash; balance of II «W) re-
main en mortgage 5 years at 6 per cent: house
and lot. store and 4 flats; rental $45: 2 blocks
to New. City Hall. 4 blocks from new Post-
office. Further particulars. MRS. BAKER.
732 Eddy st.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market St.; second mortgages,
estates, etc.
MUST be sold at once to close an estate: no
reasonable offer refused: lot 25x110; house i
rooms and bath: bitumen street; cement side-
walk; Twentieth St.. near Guerrero. Apply
It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room S.
IF you have property north of the Park, or
Hcrner'f Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of. then call on W. J.
GUNN, 630 California St.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: clans and estimates furnished for all
b-ildlng work. CAMPDELL. 1147 Mission st.
HEAL tiSTATK COl'.NTIl* Pur sole
A— $1500— ABOUT 10 accres In prunes, apricot*
and peaches at San Martin, Santa Clara Co.,
with cottage and lot 4Cxl30 directly opposite:
It. It. station 5 minutes' walk; a great bar-
gain.
' $1300— A nice little Improved place of 8 acres,
with orchard, lawn and shrubbery and nic«
cottage and outbuildings. Just out3lde the
town limits of Sonoma City.
$2500—160 acres; 10 acres in prunes, peaches and
apricots; 3 acres in table grapes, all In full
bearing; 8 acres in grain; 40 acres pasture
land; balance wooded pasture land, running
streams; house of 7 rooms, barn and out-
buildings: 4 miles east of Los Uatus and 1'j
miles from R. II. station, Va a mile from
school: this is a snao.
ORCHARD MEN. ATTENTION.
160 acres In apricots, peaches and almonds, 10
years old, at Acampo, San Joaquin Co.;
hard finished cottage of < rooms and bath;
good outbuildings, water from windmill and
tank, men's house with all the agricultural
Implements, horses, wagons and harness;
photos at office; must be sold; submit an
offer.
BEN LOMOND. SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
$2000— A beautiful little place of i'» acres with
river frontage; where there \a boating and
fishing; Joins the property of the Ben Lomond
Hotel;, with a modern cottage of 10 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water; hard finish through-
out; 6 bedrooms, parlor, sitting-room, dinirg-
room and kitchen; lawn, rlowera and shrub-
bery: croquet grounds: nice row beat; beauti-
ful redwood and madrone trees; only J20CO If
taken soon; photo at office.
SAN CARLOS.
$7500 — Beautiful Improved place of 15 acres. 3
acres of orchard; lawn. Bowers and shrub-
bery; fine house of 12 rooms; modern Improve-
ments; good water; In the rear of Wellsiey
Park, joining the Hopkins property; nice
view; price $7300; will sell or exchange.
FAIR OAKS.
A beautiful villa site of 7^ acres with nice oak
trees on a corner In the Polhemus tract at a
bargain; also 40 acres on Selhy lane, sur-
rounded by beautiful homes.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
David Bush. Country Department.
A FEW BARGAINS FROM MY IMMENSE
LIST.
MOO CASH IS ENOUGH.
Only $_50 for 21 acres: 1.1 level. 6 gently mll-
lng. all cultivated: 4-room , residence: large
barn, shaded by large oaks: excellent well;
only three miles by level road from Napa.
NEAR PALO ALTO.
25 acres, fence.l; 20 cultivated. 5 excellent
pasture: living creek, spring and well; good
residence, barn, poultry arrangements, etc.;
shaded by grove of oaks: only Cvo.
FINE GEN'KRAL FARM.
185 acres, very richest of loam. 50 highly cul-
tivated; 10 acres bearing orchard, balance Al
pasture on which there la fully $4000 In timber:
9-room residence. Immense barn, dairy house,
etc: several springs, living creek, water under
pressure everywhere: adjoining R. R. station.
Sonoma County: fare $1 from S. F. ; $7500.
A GENUINE "SNAP."
BARGAIN— I Just now have a "pick-up" bar-
gain In first-class, highly Improved, fully
equipped ranch near Napa for $3730; crop is
worth $200.
K. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent,
li) Geary st,
KERN County oil lands; a chance to get an
Interest In 11.000 acres of choice oil lands: buy
now and get In on the ground floor: these
lands are located In the great oil districts of
McKlttiick. Sunset and Kern River. Kern
County, and belong to the Occidental Oil
Company. Incorporated under the laws of
West Virginia: stock absolutely non-as_3S-
sable; Investigation solicited.
E>. H. MASTELLER, Agent.
Room 384 Parrott Building. 3. F.
J10O0— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
rood house; barn full of hay; fine horse,
buggy; loo chickens and farming' tools, etc. ;
fare &0c: mil* to station.
Clearance sale: 30c on the $1: 23 line* im-
proved (arms In prices ranging from $1900 to
J20.CC0 each; they belong 1 to a bank and are
ordered sold within sixty days at Vs appraised
value; easy terms; freight to 3. F. $1 a ton;
fare 50c. Call for full printed descrlotlon.
$150— Nice 10-acre home, on It. R. : nice Ian J;
some oak trees: payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. €40 Market St.
FOR sale at a bargain— In Cottage Terrace,
within % of mile of Stanford University, a
block 250x250; fenced, with variety of bearing
fruit trees: also 2 cottages of 4 rooms each:
lots 37x125 at same place. Address S. 3.
TOWNSEND. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 218.
SO- ACRE -orchard rear city: tl_00 crop now on
trees: $5500: house, barn. team, household an<1
(armlne tools: cost $13,000; very fine; home-
like. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. near
Call building
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo ave.. S miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $3W. Call for
maps. etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.
STOCK ar.d grain ranch for sale In Colusa Ca :
1240 acres; $10 an acre: 500 grain, rest In hill
land, if- S. CHANDON. MarvavUt- CaJLSERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
First Baptist, Eddy (treat. near Jones-
Rev. E. A. Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third— Rev. A
George Gibson.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Kev. George C. Adams.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh,
avenue and Clement Btreet— Rev. Philip
Coombe.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, be
tween Valencia and Mission — Rev. Alired
Bayley.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Bt Mary's. Dtrpont and California streets —
Paulist Fathers.
St Peter' b. Twenty- fourth street, near
Alabama— Rev. P. C. Yorke.
Notre Dame. Bush street, near Stockton —
Rev. Father Hamet.
Bt. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
gast. V. O.
St. Francis', Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue — Rev. T. Caraher.
First M. E. Powell street, near Washln^
ton—Rev. w. 8. Urmy.
Trinity Methodist, corner Market. Sixteenth
and No* streets — Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
street— Rev. A. E. Clrich.
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. 8. M. Woodward.
Central Methodist, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsin
plller. -::-•.-•
Grace M. E., comer Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets — Rev. John Stephens.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be
tween Second and Third — Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
A. M. E. Zlon, 806 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Fags and
Webster streets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
First Ignited Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. II. H.
Bell.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third — Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Memorial Presbyterian, Railroad avenue and
Latona street— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Macken
zie.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford
. Leavltt.
Second Unitarian, corner Twentieth and
Capp streets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
TheoBOphlcal Society — Odd Fellows' build
ing.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 220 gutter
street— Ttoe Bible and Science and Health.
With Key to Scriptures.
Mornnlg— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing— "What I Am la the Holy Land."
Morning— "Christ's First Disciples." Even
ing— "I Will Keey Thea la tlia Hour of
Temptation."
Morning— "Embassadors far Christ." Evea
lng—••"Word. Faith. Life."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing— Same.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening
Addresses by delegates.
Morning— "Religion and Morality." Even
ing—"Might and Right."
Morning — George M. Boynton of Boston wtl!
preach on "The Programme of Kingdom."
Evening— A cantata entitled "Tho Resur
rection" will be rendered by tha choir
led by Professor W. C. Stadtfeld.
Morning— Rev. Father CulUgan. 9. J.. will
preach at 10:30 mass. Evening Rev
Father Woods will preach sermon.
Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock mass by on«
of the Fathers. Evening — Sermon and
vespers.
Morning— Forty hours' adoration of the
blessed sacrament: solemn high ir.aj3 at
10:30. Evening— Solemn vespers and ser
mon. .».
Morning— Sermon at 10:30 mass on "Hope,"
by Father Harriet. Evening— Sermon and
vespers.
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers at
11 o'clock mass. Evening — Sermon and ves
pers.
.a — —
Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock mass by Rev.
Father Caraher. Afternoon— Consecration
of Children of Mary and address, followed
by benediction -with blessed sacrament.
Evening — No devotions.
Mcrntng— Preaching by tha pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Preaching by th» pastor. Even-
Ing — "Our Dead."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing; — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same. - ; .,
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing — Same.
Morning— "The Divine Standard." Even-
Ing— "Overcoming Difficulties."
Mnrning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
JXcrnlne— Preaching by tha pastor. Even-
Ing— Same.
Mornlmc — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— "The Bedrock of Religion."
Evening— "Leasons From Memorial Day."
Morning — "A Great Fact to Think About."
Evening — Lecture on the life of the great
reformer.
Morning— "Temples of God." Evening— "Tns
Exalted Christ."
Meratnir — Preaehln* by the pastor. Even-
Ing— "Th» Foundation of Our Fate Tried
and Sure."
Morr.inr— "The Anguishing Heart." Even-
Ing— "Our Heroe»."
Momlnif — "The Highest Motive." Evening —
"Heredity."
Morntnr— Sermon by Rwr. William Kirk?
Gutherie. Evening— Same.
Morning— "Papers." Evening— No services.
Morninr— "The New Patriotism." Even
ing — Special memorial service.
Mrrnlng— Preaching by the pastor. 'Even
ing—Same.
Mornlrrir.-"Oo<Vs I>ues." Evening— "The
Creed That Needs No Revision."
Afternoon— N. H. Jenka. general secretary
of th* Oakland organization, will address
rnas* meeting. Topic. "A Working Creed
for Men.
Evening— W. L. Ducey will lecture on "The
oscphy and Marriage."
Morning— "Ancient and Modern Necro
mancy; or. Mesmerism and Hypnotism/*
"We have received the following extracts
from letters of th« Rev. Sydney Brooks,
who was murdered recently in the prov
ince of Shantung. Writing from Ping
Yin on November 10. Mr. Brooks says:
"In a letter which I wrote last week I
mentioned the rising of a sect called the
Large Knife Society. The first caused a
disturbance in Ching-Chow last year
afterward near the Yellow River at the
beginning of this, but they have never
been so near us as now. The official has
gone out to intercede on behalf of a Ro
man Catholic village fifty to sixty 11
south of us here— 1. e., about fifteen miles
— and a village next to Wang-chuang, the
center of our work there. I hear there
are about 150 of them or more, so with
moted by the New Chinese Em
peror's Father.
THE LARGE KNIFE SOCIETY.
The Band of Outlaws Said to Be Pro-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R H Foyd. Sacrament
J J Smith. Ontario
C H Ball. Fresno
L P Smith. Sonora
II K Day, San Jose
J L An'lrrson. ValleJ
D C Hartman, N Y
C F Brown. N Y •
M Johnson. Ean Jos«
G W Condon & w. Ca
J B Glover & w, Cal
W C Hill. San Pedro
O Bennett. Saa Pedro
O A Mullen, Nat City
B Fisher. Los Angeles
J C Harlow. Sta Ron*
M Mat hows. Chicago
F Bailey. MarysvUla
J L Davis. Butte
An Egyptian paper announces that
first-class, up-to-date, modern dlnln*
cars' are to be run this season between
Cairo and Luxor, and that "an American
dentist has started in business at As
souan, which is on the edge of the Sou
dan." A "palace hotel" at Khartoum to*
the special accommodation of tourists will
also be completed and opened for busi
ness in about three months.
S O Field. Boston
F S Morris. Oregon
C G Ballentyne. H I
Bert Thorn. Ohio
J E MctMnald, U 8 N
J J Alcot. N Y
D Springer. Chicago
J A Twohey. Wa«h.D C
W S Chance and wife.
Washington D C
AD nosenthal. Chicago
B F Eehl-^rr-ay, New Or
J T Eshlemay, New Or
C E Pearsall & w, Cal
G D Roberta. N Y
E L Spencer. R I
M Rosenblum, Chicago
Mrs G Mayor. Toledo
Mrs M Mayor. Toledo
L G Mayor. Toledo
T R Newberry & w. O
Jos Jacobaon. X Y
W E Travis. Salt Lake
C M Lyntxrg, N T
Miss OMackiernam.NT
J O Landfleld Jr. N T
Miss C Johnston. En»
F Richards. Denver
M Eaier. London
Mr Preston. Santa Cl
Miss Preston. Santa Cl
Edwd A Beers. N Y
L F Mosa & w. Los An
Mrs A Strong. Cal
Capt A Graves, Londn
A C Luck. Nevada
J E Burke. Chicago
A N Becker, Denver
W E Wlnshlp. Stanford
A Sturm, Chicago
C M Friend. Chicago
E W Strouss. Chicago
J Elsendrath, Chicaga
PALACE HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL
C Keena, Auburn
J Salvage. Fresno
H M Broadber.t, U S N
C H Gordon. Oakley !
W E Burdick. Alamed'
J Sproule. Cal
J Ryan. Alameda
O Brown & w. Cal
G F Deltzer, Biggs
C M Lanning & w. De
troit
Miss Pratt, Cal
G W Dwlnell. Montagu
J W Young. Portland
Mrs A E Lee. -Portld
L B Johnson. San Jose
W J Barrett. Los Ans
J C Steele. Trinity Cen
T H Minor, Areata
J D Riddle. Hanford
Mrs C Engl<\ Eureka
B C McDonald. Eurek
H J Warner. Denver
J A Hughes. Bkrsfleld
R W McGilvray. Cal
H R Stephens. Exeter
P Hlntz. Fresno
JL Walsh, P Roble*
T> Offutt, Los Aag
J C Ells. Day ten
P Wool cock & w. N«r
E K Crawford. Rkford
J H Roth. Illinois
Rev S Conn. DD. Cal
O W Smith. Altamont
J L Bevls, St Louis
C O Wiggins. Phtla
J H Eternbergh &. w.
Pennsylvania
J H Gyselaar. Eureka
Mrs G A Bray. Arizon
M Schmidt. Arizona
J II Ironside. San Joa«
G Newell Jr. Phtla
J A Presdorn, Cal
B F W»therby, Boston
O U Wentworth. Mas*
J U Vail. Chicago
J B Stewart. Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
anything for us. which means that w«
shall have to move Into the city until they
have done their work, and then coma
back to view the damage done. I glance
uneasily around my room to see how
much. but. naturally, I am not anxious to
be deprived of what I have, and pray that
the disturbance may pass over with no
harm to ourselves beyond that of not be
ing able to continue our work." In an
earlier letter, dated November 12. Mr.
Brooks wrote: "There is a sect called
Ta-tao-Hul. or Large Knife Society,
which Is now very powerful, being sup
ported in an underhand way by the Gov
ernor of the province. They are serious
enemies of the Roman Catholics, and aro
attacking them right and left, so that
they are flying In every direction and hid
ing. They have not attacked us yet. and
I rather think they intend leaving us
alone."— London Times.
defenseless. Of course, nrlther the official
nor the military ofllcial will be able to do
that number, though It la not much, ac
cording to our view; still with tha peopls
not only assenting to their dolnsrs. but
helping: in many ways, they can do a lot
or damage. I thought for some time that
they were robbers, but from all reports
they are anything but that. as. being of
fered anj- amount of money by the peopl©
and the officials If they will desl3t. they
refuse and order the people out of the
way as quickly as possible and forthwith
begin to set fire to the dwellings, etc. I
trust they will not visit us there; we aro
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 2T, 19OO.
30
BORN.
COLE— In this city. May 18, 1900, to the wife of
Joseph F. Cole, a daughter.
CORBUS— In this city. May 25. 1900, to the wife
of J. Parker CorbuB, a daughter.
CUMICH— In this city. May 4, 1900. to the wife
of Frank Cumlch, a son.
FOOTE— In this city. May 23, 1900, to the wife
of F. E- Voote. a 6on.
FOX— In Redwood ¦ City, May 19. 1900. to the
wife of Edwin B. Fox, a daughter.
GALVIN— In this city. May 17, 1900, to the wife
of Patrick Galvln. a daughter.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. May 25. 1900 to the
wife of S. H. Goldstein, a son.
GUNTHER— In this city. May 3. 1900. to the
wife of Qustavw C. Gunther, a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAHTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS-
OAKLAND REAL. E STA TE,^
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. |
. ;.'- AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Saturday. June 2 2 p. m. t at salesroom.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
. Subject to confirmation of court:
No. 1. M _ A
Starr estate. S. E. cor. Fifth ave. and East
Tenth »t.; elegant (Starr) residence: 15 rooms;
furnaoe; stable; lot 125x140 or 300x140; location
cholceat in East Oakland.
No. 2.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS,
Adjoining above N. E. cor. Fifth ave. and
E_Bt Ninth St.. Clinton Station: opposite elegant
mansion of W. 8. Qoodfellow: in 4 subdivisions,
87:6 and 60x140 each; don't fall to see them.
No. 3.
_1 EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Waters estate S. W. cor. Tenth and Webster
sts. ; 60x75; buslneea lots for stores or flats; 2
blocks of First National Bank (Tenth and
Broadway); lot is outside of new fire limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE.
1510 West St., Market or narrow-gauge sta-
tions; 8 rooms; modern; curly redwood finished;
mantels, gas, etc.; 33x100; only $500 cash, bal-
ance 8 per cent- rents $25 month.
EAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK.
768 and 768H East 12th St., bet. 15th and 16th
aves.; 2-story brick building; store and upper
flat; lot 25x140 to alley; terms cash.
INCOME FLATS.
S. E. cor. Sixth and Castro sts.. Market-st.
station; modern building; each 5 rooms, bath,
gas, mantel; brick foundation; lot 37:6x75; fine
location for store; only 5400 cash, balance five
yearly payments: rents $27 60 month.
EASY. TERM RESIDENCE.
677 Sixth st., near Castro, adjoining above; 2-
•torr. 8 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot
87:6x76; near Market-st. station; only $500 cash,
balance S yearly payments.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE,
Subject to confirmation of court.
802 Franklin St., bet. Fifth and Sixth; cottage
of i rooms; lot 25x75; only 2 blocks of Seventh
and Broadway; rent $12.
ELEGANT 9-ROOM RESIDENCE.
484 Merrimac (or Twenty-eighth) St., near Tel-
egraph ave., on beautiful McClure Heights;
modern in every respect; lot 63x110; bank mort-
gage $4000 can remain; must be sold.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
W. side of Adeline st.. 125 feet N. of Eighth;
BOxl2S:3; choice location; Adeline station.
8AN PABLO AVENUE LOTS. _
N. W. cor. San Pablo and Bonton aves,.
Golden Gate station; 3 lots, 46x100 each; location
for stores; new electric line and Santa Fe Rail-
road will treble value: half cash.
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY COTTAGE) (CITY
LIMITS).
8. side Benton (or Sixtieth) St.. 800 feet W. of
Grove-st. line; 2 blocks. Lorln station; 8 rooms;
porcelain bath, mantels, finished basement; cost
Ban Francisco merchant $4000; 50x135; new flat
loan $2000, balance cash; a snap.
HOME NEAR TELF.GRAPH AVENUE) AND
THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.
E. side Ruby et., 200 feet N. of Mobs ave. (or
Thirty-eighth rt.); modern; bay window; 7
rooms, bath; cement basement; extra fine barn;
lot 60x100; choicest shrubberies; new flat mort-
gage $1500, balance cash.
RESIDENCE S3D AND GROVE STREETS.
683 Thirty-third st., near Grove; modern; 2-
story; S rooms; lot 36x100; $M0 cash.
Remember date. Saturday, June 2, 2 p. m.
Write .for maps.
Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
Office and salesroom 4G0-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
¦ AT AUCTION.
$500— CHOICE building lot. 82x116 feet, on the
sunny side of Market st., for a quick sale;
macadamized, sewered, sldcwalked.
$1000— Modern Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms,
with 27-foot lot; sunny front; close to Tele-
graph ave.
$3500 — Modern 2-story house of 9 rooms; down-
town; close to Broadway; lot 50x100 feet; easily
worth $5000; sacrifice for a quick sale: will sell
house and 25 feet for $2500: see this Monday If
you want a snap. GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate, Insurance and House Brokers, 1008
Broadway, near Tenth Ft., Oakland.
BIG bargain— 50x150, with large 2-story house
of 8 rooms, bathroom, pantry, 2 toilets, lava-
tory In lower hall, small stable: yard Is a;l
•et out to fruit trees; new house; cost $32<W;-
will be sold for $2600: mortgage of $1500 can
remain; street work all newly done; between
Telegraph and San Pablo aves. JAS. S
NAISMITH, 452 Ninth Rt.
OAKLAND HEIGHTS— Choicest residence sec-
tlon of Oakland; 45 minutes to San Francisco;
fine new colonial style of houBa, 7 rooms, etc.,
large lot; best neighborhood; never been cc-
cupled; Just finished; ready to move in; only
$3750 and on easy terms. JAS. S. NAISMITH
452 Ninth Et.
$750 WILL buy a 3-room cottage, new barn,
well-appointed chicken houses and run, 3
large lots, fruit trees, assorted and In bear-
Ing, flowers In profusion, vegetable garden,
fine well of excellent water, a cozy home and
fine bargain; Allendale Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; SO families now located and grow-
ing rapidly; near a fine school, electric car
lines and a 90- foot wide boulevard; call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near corner
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR rent— Modern 6-room lower flat, near two
car lines; good yard; low price.
ALSO
An S-room, 2-story house. In fine order: corner
lot 75x150; fruit, flowers and vegetables; near
two car lines and broad-gauge station; rent
reasonable.
B. H. WELCH & CO.,
13S3 Fifth ave.. East Oakland.
FOR sale — One of the prettiest new homes In
Oakland; $1000 to $1500 cash, balance to suit;
7 rooms: latest Improvements; best construc-
tion. W. H. CORNELL, 1070 B'dwy, Oakland.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th st..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
teenth St., East Oakland.
J1050 — STORE with 4 rooms and good lot: well
located; all goes for $1050; a snap. ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway.
$lt00— TWO cottages lr» West Oakland ¦ $750
each; well located and a bargain. ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway. . |
$20,000 TO LOAN on real estate: also $1500 to
loan on furniture, pianos, etc.. at low Inter-
est. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
OAKLAND STORK «TO LET.
$20 PER month; a corner store, with S living
rooms and adjoining store suitable for
butcher shop or rabbit, exhibit room, barn,
long shed, large yard, high board fence,
eultable for wood and coal yard or rabbltry:
city water Included; care pass the door. Ap-
ply to R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thirteenth
St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE} FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
San- Leandro Advertisements,
SAN LEANDRO REAL ESTATE.
$4000— ORCHARD of 8 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc, near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. San Leandro.
UiVlU.AU AO'I'ICUS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No! l6ij (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 127 Market St., on and after Fri-
day June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday. May tt, 1900. at II o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following- marriage licenses wer» Issued
yesterday:
Stephen T. Smallfleld, 43, Jackson, Amador
County, and Josephine E. Battles, 24, city.
Herbert E. Roberts, 23. 3012V. Sixteenth street,
and Mary A. Stahl, 26, Sacramento.
Jean Lembeye, 24, 284 Seventh street, and
Marie A. Lurlette, 22, 284 Seventh street.
Louis Lacaze, 28, 21 John street, and Yrma
M. Bayle, 19. 1332 Fifth avenue. South San
Francisco.
Charles H. Hoops, 28, 87 Jackson street, and
Annie Schuster, 18. 87 Jackson street.
Fred E. Meacham. 25. 1632 Grove street, and
Belle A. Dolan. 24. 834 Bay street.
Max G. H. Leutholdt, 29, 2424ft Harrison
street, and Martha A. E. Dlerks, 21, Hunters
Point.
Walter C. Shaw, 82, 807 California street, and
Grace H. Cady, 32, 1602 Vallejo street.
• George H. Potter. 25, 1585 Valencia street, and
Maud C. Mero, 18, 14 Page street.
Hi: A I, I3STAT1-; COrvi'ItV For Mile
A FINIS timber proposition; 4000 acres, easy
Of a<w-EK, estlma!«d to contain 50.000.000 feet
of sufar pine, yr-llow pine, spruce and fir;
modern mill on property; capacity EO.OCO per
day. JEROME liNGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
HOMES in Sonoir.a and Mendoclno counties:
farm*, orchards, vineyards and Ftock ranches
and redwood timber lands in lets to ••Jit.
Call or address P. ROTHERMEL. E07 Cali-
fonsla f=t.
A BIG bargain if eold at once; 6 acres partly
improved land, near Vacavllle; 3 minutes'
walk from 11. R. depot. Address J. W.
PAKER, 20C5 Center *t.. Berkeley.
FINE Improved ranch cf 159 acre*; for Fale
cheap: on account of old age. For further
particulars call 410A Bay ft., from 6 to 8 p. m.
FOR rale— 220 Acres school land on Mt. San-
hedrin. Lake Co.; very cheap; best situated
for .a Hummer resort. Box 2SS5. Call office.
MILL VALLEY HEAL KSTATK.
MILL Valley house and lot ch*-_p, on account
or <3e;-artur>. Box 420. Call office.
KOSS VAI.1.EV RKAL KSTATK.
HOSS Valley lots— '.Cxioo, $300. or larger pieces
In proportion; Pan Rai'a*! water system; fine
view; tprinkied rc>a^s; 6 minutes' walk from
retv station of Kent. 10 mlnstes from Rons
Ptatlon; filer and all trains f=top at these sta-
tions. Arpiy P. ROSS. Kent Station, or C. H.
STANYAN. SI Market gt.. San Francisco.
ROOMS FOH UOUS-U-K-SPIXG.
Bt'SH. 2C26— 2 sunny front rooms; furnished for
llfht housekeeping; adults only.
BUSH. :«CS— Three rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. SJT n7 Powell— Furnished
light housekeeping rooms; also suites; extra
desirable.
CLAT. 2421. rear FlMmore— 2 large unfurnished
room*; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
FOLSOM. SC4— $1 a week; large eunny furnished
room; closet; bath; running water: private.
FirTH. 222— Suite of 4 rooms for housekeep-
lr.g.
FOLSOM, 625 — Large eunny room; light house-
keeping; Jl 60 week.
FOLSOM, «tr— Furnlehed and unfurnished
rooms; large grounds for children.
roi'RTH, 125— Nice large room suitable for
light housekeeping.
FKANKLIN. 202, cor. Fell— Front sunny house-
keeping suite reasonable.
GEAP.Y. 4DS— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent JTO.
GOLDEN GATE ave., ZH— Lovely housekeeping
.'or I adults; piano, bath; thoroughly reno-
vated; also flnsle.
HYPE. 40S— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; $20.
LARKIN. 101S4. near Post; telephone Butter
247S— r rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LASKJK. 27. bet. E!|fhth and Ninth, oft Mission
—4-rocm. sunny fiat. complete for hskpg. ; $12.
LEAVENWOKTH. 517—2 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MARKCT. 1S2* — Front si:ite. sun In bcth rooms.
gixt range, rent $li; single room, folding bed.
rent JS.
MASON. 502— S connect: ns housekeeping rooms:
also single; new managtmt. ; newly renovated.
MCALLISTER, CSS— Eaton's Bazaar: two large
unfurnished rooms and kitchen; reasonable.
MARKET, l.'.SS. between £th ond Sth— 3 sunny
rocn-.s: range, water, yard; quiet place; $12.
MINNA. 2S— Single rooms; also housekeeping
room?; 7ic an-l $1 per week.
MISSION. 1121— Changed hands: renovated;
newly furnished housekpg rms; suites, single.
KTSSIOX. 1217— Sunny front eulte. rumlshed
com}»!<»*# for housekeeping; bath; rent reas.
MISSION, 1514. neer Eleventh— 2 large eunny
rooms, laundry and bath; no children; $13.
NATOMA. 2K. near Fourth — 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, elnk, closet.
JCATOMA. C45— 2 or 3 sunny rooms, furnished
<t ur.furnifhed; low rent; housekeeping.
NEW MONTGOMERY. IOS— Sunny furnished
hcurek*<ping rooms: $1 2T> up.
NINTH. 111—3 rooms, pultable for housekeep-
ing; rent reasonable.
O'FARIIELL. <77 — Unfurnished rooms for
hou?ekeer>lnc.
OTAKItELL, 742—3 nicely furninshed house-
fceepintr rooms; parlor floor. $18, $20.
OAK. 2?— S ccty unfurnished housekeeping
rooms ; cheap. $10.
PERHY. KB — 4 sunny housekeeping rooms, with
bath; $10; investigate.
POLK. 1C20— 3 sunny furr.lehed rooms for house-
keeping; modern improvements.
ECOTT. 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath, garden; $16; adults only.
SECOND, 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
also tingle rooms; $» up.
F ! : V KNTH, Ml; key at rO3-$3 EO; 2 unfur-
nl?=hed housekeervirc rooms.
FEYKNTEENTH, 2CjG-A snap; $12; rooms,
with s»f and bath.
FHIPLKY. Id, near Sixth — 8 sunny rooms, un-
furnished ; $S.
SHOTWELL, 219—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; use cf bath.
EIXTH. USA— 4 connecting rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, with piano; also other
ro^ir.F.
BOCTB PARK, 1H-2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nlshod for housekeeping.
BTEVEXSON. 25S. bet. Third and Fourth—
funr.y housekeeping rooms, completely fur-
nished; alf=o 8lnple rooms at reasonable price. ¦
6TEVENFON. 612. bet. 7th and Sth— Two fur-
n'ehed housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
BT. JAMES, cor. McAllister and Laguna— See
our -6elect atpartrr.ent house for families;
handsomely JUrr.lEhed. punny front suite, $16;
•¦Ingle large room. J?; modern fittings for
light housekeeping.
TENTH. 123. near Market— 1. 2 or 3 sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TURK. £43 — Bunny bedroom and kitchen: com-
plete for housekeeping, with stove, gas and
bath: $14.
TWELFTH. 122 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— 3 eunny
bay-window rooms; nice ana nrst.
VALENCIA, R24V4— Furnished front parlor and
connecting kitchen; gaa. bath; $18.
K-FMAI.L. light, unfurnished room; I rooms.
JS: location central. Particulars at 242
Kearny ft.
CLAPKIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of Hce. £200 FUlmore «t.
A BRANCH orflc* for Call advertisements and
ftibfcrijitlcns has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia ft.
IIOOMS TO LET Korn. and tnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
2*c to Jl per night. $1 25 to |5 per week, and
lifht housekeeping; op^n all night.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post— Sunny corner suites to
fentierr.en and families; references given; ele-
v— lor; all conv«i'«s; tourists accommodated.
BURKETT. 1C6 Market tt. (old No. UCD-Fur-
nlfhed rn-»., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. £32, near Powell— Handsomely
• urnlshed tunny rooms; _lso parlors; piano;
extra dee<.r_t>le.
CARHOLTOX. 1206 Market, ccr. Golden Gate
ave— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
rDDY. 722. bet. Polk and Van Ness— Elegant
newly furnUhed parlor suite; eunny; modern.
EDDY. 20<H— Sur.ny; upstairs; German family.
EDDY. 42»-Sunny furnished rooms; housekeep^
lng rooms, with hot and cold water.
EIGHTH. 112— « furnished rooms to rent cheap.
ELEVENTH. 114B-Sur.ny sinele front room;
f-rninr water; rent $5; private family.
ELLIS. T0I— One tunny rurnlsb-d front room,
pulta b!« for two.
FIFTH. M— Sunny bay-window room; mnnlnr
water; *i; also single roms.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, tuni^ unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH. SSS— Sirurle furnished rooms $4 and $5-
also 1 furnished for housekeeping, $7. '
FOLSOM. iCS. corner Sixth— Suite cf S elermat
funny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOI-SOM. SSS. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nitihed «=unny room*, tingle or tultes:reasonbl.
FOfRTHTcri-Nlcely furnlrhed bay-wTndow
and Finrle rooms; moderate; <julet.
FXTLTON. ' 11£ — A nice furnished room for two
r«-nt!emen : reasonable.
GEAHY, SSS (The San Jose)— Newly furnished
funny front suite of rooms and bath.
CEAHY. 405 *Tbe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rocm»; suites or single: travelers accom" dated.
COUGH. 540, near Fulton — Bunny furnished
room, f5,
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and M'SF.lon Etc. — Eunny rocmc, en Flilte or
tingl«; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK^HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; $1 E0 te $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished eunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
bomelUce; $1 week up.
ROOMS TO 1,KT Kiirn. and I'nfnrn.
HOTEL Francisco— Elcpant edltes; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
IIOV.'ARD, 634— Neatly furnished sunny front
room, suitable for two gentlemen; also large
housekeeping room.
HOWARD. K9— Rooms from $1 week up to $9;
26c to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1072—4 nice sunny rooms and bath.
HYDE, 1C26 — Large sunny front parlor or suite,
with or without piano.
JICSSIE. !G7— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.
JESSIE. 4C5 — Large eunny furnished room,
cheap.
JESSIE. €23, oft Seventh— Furnished flat; «U6O
rooms.
JONES. 117 — Nicely furnished large sunny
room; ; closets; _r«-te; running water; private.
KEARNy\ 1C4— Front suited 2 unfurnished
rooms. $10; 2 front suites. 4 rooms, $18.
LAGUNA. 518— Sunny furnished front room;
sultnble for 2 gentlemen.
LARKIN, 1004. near Post— Newly renovated,
finely furnished,* eunny rooms, single, $5 and
$6 per ma ; double for 2, $9 and IIP mo.; bath.
LARKIN, 1702— Furnished room to let; $5; In
private family; board if preferred.
LARKIN. E03B— Front room, bath and gas;
gentlemen only.
LARGE front sunny room, 1 or I persons: gas
and bath; private family; cheap. 385 Oak «t.
LASK1E. 2714. off Mission, bet. 8th and 8th-:
Sunny furnished room, with double bed.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—3 upstairs rooms; rent
$10. ;
MCALLISTER, 412, Cat 6— Nice sunny rooms.
with cr without board; gas and bath.
MINNA. €67, cor. EI_hth-New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 731— Large sunny front room, suitable
for if, rent reasonable.
MISSION, CM, near Third— Newly furnished
sunny front room; reasonable; for gentlemen.
MISSION. 1425— Nicely furnished parlor suite,
with board for two. $40.
OAK GROVE ave., 17. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
01T Harrison— Large furnished room, by Amer-
ican lady.
OCTAVIA. I63B— Large sunny bay-window
front roonu
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
PINE. SfG, near Taylor— Large sunny unfur-
nished room with bath: new; rent reasonable.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms., suites or slrv-
gle; transient: running water; rates reduced.
ROSEDALE Ilnuse. 319 and 3!1 Ellis ft.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open nl&ht.
ROTAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60: week, $2
to it 1 month. $S to 5;J: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished ond unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Three furnished rooms;
yard, water.
STEVENSON. 2674. upstairs— Newly furnished
rooms; private family; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR. 512— Neatly furnished room, $5 per
month: $1 25 week.
THIRD, 2G3— Small, neat, sunny rooms; electric
lights; $3, $4. $5, $6 per month.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— One or two nicely fur-
nished rwns; corner; sunny upper flat; every-
thing modern; central.
VAN NESS ave., 1021—2 fum!«hed rooms. $<
and $S; front and sunny; buth.
1 OR 2 sunny rooms, furnlfhed or unfurnished;
centrally located; reasonable. Box 1S00, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1C3S Va-
ler.cla rt
ROOMS AM) DOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Butter sts.—
Pleasant sunny single rooms and suites, with
board; first-class, with every convenience.
HAIGHT, 232 — Sunny rooms, with board for t,
$40 per month; also parlor suite for 2, $60.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
NEW family hotel; exceptionally good in every
particular; Eummer rates. SW7 California st.
VAN NESS ave., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and- unfurnished; $20.
HOME for feeble-minded lady; city or suburbs.
Particulars, box C, 3"0 Hayes st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pae«es. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DOARD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
ROOMS and board, tv/o meals, by young man;
F'.ate terms. Box 1702. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
t OR 4 unfurnished rooms, with bath; flat or
private house. Box 1796. Call office.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
READ "The Forerunner"; a new revelation
by Santos Colombus, the god of the Nodlte,
Israelite. Buddhlte and Ch'rlstianlte and
father of them all: agents wanted every-
where; children or adults: Bend lOo for sample
copy. Address "Forerunner," San Francisco.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
Fend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. ChL-hester Chemical Co., I'hlladeL. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
lialntlns done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
B-SWIHO 3IACHIMSS. AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, eold. and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bouprht. nold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20S Fourth at.
STABLES TO LET.
85 STALLS: suitable for milk depot; $25; water
free. 2630 Mission et. 4
STOKAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st..
tel. South C35— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 571J.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
SUnURBAN RESIDENCES.
SANTA CRUZ, one block from Sea Beach
Hotel, elegant new summer villa: large lawns
and magnificent view; $100 to $150 per month;
references. Address box 2RD8, Call office.
SUBURBAN COTTAGK WANTED.
FURNISHED cottage wanted, within 28 miles
of San Francisco. Write 3S Belvedere st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GnEA?^AROAIN3 IN TTPETOITE^W«
cell better machines for less money than any
house tn the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California, telephone Main 268.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASIEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— FINES lot; north side Alameda ave.. near
Morton st. ; £0x150; a bargain.
$2000 — BE. corner, 60x145. with rood cottage
$4500— Fine northwest corner. 190x160 with
handsome house of 10 rooms; a great bare-In.
a d. jijdd co.,
• 1424 Park st.
$1G&O— BEST buy In Alameda; modern cottage
of f. rooms, bath and laundry: cemented base-
ment; fine flower and vegetable garden; con-
venient to railroad; easy terms; lot 44x120. J
f?. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW modern house of 8 rooms, bath and base-
ment; choice location- $1>'X) cash, balance
terms to suit. $1000 — Good cottage. 4 rooms;
large lot. J. H. YOUNG. Owner and Builder
1248 Park et.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance In 1, 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE, furnished, for 1 or 2 months; rent
KO. 1S71 Railroad ave.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
NEW, furnished (-room cottage. 938 Par-TitT.
Alaxneda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT announcement— The new build-
ings on the famous "Benard Plans" ero to
be commenced within 5 months. If you Intend
to buy in beautiful Berkeley at all you had
better not delay selecting your lot; prices will
positively advance. About one-half of the
famous "Hilletass Tract" has been sold. 27
hour.es have been erected and "still there's
more to follow." Every lot has a depth of
159:6 -feet.
Every lot has a perfeot grade.
Every street Is Sewered, graded and macad-
amized.
Every lot Is within 10 minute*' walk of the
railroad station.
Every lot Is within 10 minutes' walk of. the
University grounds.
Every lot Is so situated that you can see
from it the Golden Gate and railroad mole,
and no steeD hills to climb, and every lot Is
for sale by MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
FINE B-acre tracts; adjacent to Berkeley; lo-
cated on side hill; sunny exposure; especially
' adapted to raising Belgian hares and chick-
ens; eold on eauy payments.
$1500— 6-room cottage; lot 40x127:6; only IB
minutes' walk to University: close to btatlon:
all modern Improvements; fine windmill and
tank, good chicken house, barn and loft; pretty
flower garden; only $500 cash, balance to suit
purchaser.
H230 — Elegant new 8-rOora house; 45-foot cor-
ner lot; best part of Berkeley; close to Univer-
sity; strictly modern and up-to-date; just com-
pleted; $2000 cash, balance easy terms.
GEO. SCHMIDT. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage: all modern Improve-
ments; lot 46x125; porcelain bath, tiled sink;
sta. tubs. : 1 and 2 blocks to train and electric
cars; 1 at Golden Gate, 1 at Adeline, 1 at Lo-
rln. 1 at Ashby ave. and 1 at Dwlght way:
only $100 down. bal. eame as rent; $20 per mo..
Including interest. W. C. MORAN.
$850— J50 CASH. bal. $10 per mo.; cor. lot, 40x100;
4-room cottage, hard-finished rooms, all pa-
pered. W. C. MORAN. Lorln Sta., Berkeley.
$4500 — Elegant modern home; 1 block south of
U. C: up to date in all details; terms to suit.
$1000— Modern cottage in S. Berkeley, with
CO-ft. corner lot: a snap.
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
NOW IS THE TIME TO INVEST IN BEKKE-
LEY LOTS.
We have lots In the sightly Hlllegass Tract,
60x160, for $900; street Improved: sightly sites
in the Koenlc Park adjoining the university,
from $250 and upward. O. G. MAT & CO..
Berkeley.
$10 CASH, $5 monthly; $100; cheapest lots ever
offered; fine level lots; good soil; University
ave. and Sacramento st., not far from the
university; bound to Increase in value; elec-
tric road now being built on San Pablo ave.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery Rt.
FOR sale — New, modern houses as follows:
$3700 — On Durant ave.; 7 rooms and bath;
wire for electrlcty; piped for gaa; close to
college. O. O. MAY & CO.
$3500 — LOVELY new home of I rooms in the
Scenic Park; street Improved; terms reason-
able.
$1200 — EO foot on Atherton st., near Channlng
way.
SS50 — Neat 4 room cottage: windmill, tank,
brick foundation; cost $1LOO; party going Eu-
rope. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, S24 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87_1EO. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
BEHKELEY ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ONE or two sunny front rooms In new modern
¦ house, with small private family; magnificent
view; convenient to train or cars; board first
class; optional; old person or Invalid find beet
of attention; references. Address M. B.,
Berkeley P. O.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl'ITVALG REAL ESTATE.
SNAPS SNAPS SNAPS
SNAPS. SNAPS SNAPS
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAY.
IF YOU WANT A HOME.
$150— Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
$300— Lots 60x175; choicest part of Frultvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
$350 — i rooms; well, etc.; new.
$400—3 rooms; new; good lot; nice neighbor-
hood.
$CO0 — 4 rooms; new; splendid view.
$600 — 4 rooms; porch; fenced; well.
$600— Lot 100x175: fine place for chickens.
$750 — Lot 75x183; 3 rooms; new.
$800 — Lot 75x175; 4 rooms; new.
$700— Chicken ranch; 3 rooms; new.
$1)00— Another one; 4 rooms; well.
$1000— Still another; complete In every detail.
$1250 — Most complete 6 rooms on the market
for the money.
Lots of others at various prices.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Only a few minutes from the station.
U-acre lots lots V4-acre lots.
SPECIAL SALE FOR NEXT TWO DAYS.
They are going fast, and you will miss the
chance of a lifetime If you don't come quick,
if you want a desirable place for a home; only
a few of choicest lots left.
In a millionaire's district at a working man's
price. >» -
Lots 175 feet deep and any frontage de-
Flred; all streets traded; water piped to every
lot; In FrultvaJe sanitary district: over 4000
forest and fruit trees on this tract; a good
speculation If you do not want a home; we
build to suit you; title guaranteed; close to cajr
and transportation lines. *C?"
Easy terms on everything we have to sell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
FI«AT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Frultvale office, half a block above Frultvale
station.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
$'i50— House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house; good well and pump; lot 60x110;
$1CO cash, balance on your own terms.
$G50— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; front
end back porch; barn and chicken houses; good
well and pump; lot BOxlOO.
5750— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, fruit
trees, etc.; lot 60x110; $100 cash, balance $12
per month.
$1100 — A sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot 50x147; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportun-
ity wcrth Investigating.
$1250— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, pan-
try, etc.; stable; 10 large chicken houses; 1
brooder house, with pipes and heaters, 7
brooders, 1 Incubator (for 500 ecss), good horse,
harness and wagon, 100 thoroughbred chicken's -
lot 100x150; all fenced.
$1SOO— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable; chicken houses; lot 107x260; all fenced.
$1800— Chicken ranch of *1 acre; choice fruit
trees; house of S rooms and basement; barn;
1? chicken houses, 2 Incubators, brooder house,
chickens, etc
$3000— Modern l'/4-story colonial style residence
of 8 rooms and bath; fine mantel; nickel plumb-
Ing gas, etc.; large lot; splendid location; only
4 blocks from local train. For particulars ap-
ply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
THE Deerlne Tract fronts on Frultvale ave.;
lots any size and price, frcra $4 per front
foot and up; this is the choicest and cheapest
residence property In Frultvale. H. W. DA-
VIS. Agent, Frultvale ave., near station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
BOUND AND SAFE INVESTMENTS.
$1COO— 6-room house; near college; lot 60x123
feet.
$2600— Lot 100x138 feet, with nice cottags; must
be sold within ten days.
Large list of new houses for sale on easy
terms.
400 lots for eale In Oakland, Alameda, Fruit-
vale and Berkeley.
$525,000— Business property: Income $SO,000 per
year; corner lot; 5-story building; flre-proof;
Trill leave a mortgage of $275,000. Interest at 6
per cent; will exchange equity for a desirable
clear ranch In California.
$40,000—600 acres near Oakland; stock, fruit
and vegetable ranch.
$4500 — 25 acres; 10-room house; barn; fruit;
fine Improvement*.
$2500—320 acres: grain ranch.
Ranches for Eale from 20 acres to 60.000 acres.
1,000,000 acres for sale In Mexico at 60 cents
per acre, close to navigable river; well adapted
for colonization.
Thirty-page catalogue of ranches and homes.
Large list of California and Eastern prop-
erty for exchange.
I have good business chances of all kinds
for eale.
Oakland property for exchange for San Fran-
cisco property.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of Its value
for your own protection.
B. B. BUNCE,
SOS Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
SEVERAL houses and lots. North Oakland,
near new Santa F» termlnua. for sale; bar-
galn. C. K. KINO, 802 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000—6% acres; Contra Costa County, Walnut
£!?*.& house - barn > small orchard. C. K.
KINO. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
SAN LORENZO; 9 acres; vegetable land- S2250-
very low. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway Oak-
land.
WANTED— Stockton city property or land near
Stockton for house and lot In Oakland nnd
some cash. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oak-
land.
NEAR San Jose. 10 acres, all In bearing ofh-
. ard. $2250;- owned by Eastern parties C V
KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland?
OXE of the finest residences In the city of
Oakland will now be offered at a great sac-
rifice; located on one of the principal streets*
large grounds; modern residence; 12 rooms'
large stable, etc : can be had for one-half it-
cost. Apply to J. S. JOHNSON, 971 Broad-
way, Oakland.
E^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend, the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 307 Polk
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McGUIRE— At the residence of her parents,
1817 Fifteenth avenue south. South San Fran-
cisco, May 26. 1300, of scarlet fever, Grace
Marguerite. McGuire. dearly beloved daughter
of Arthur and Elizabeth McGuire. and be-
loved sister of "Arthur Jr. and. Vincent Mc-
Guire, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years
S months and 8 days.
SCHLICIITING-In this city. May 24. 1900.
JCT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KAR.ATAR— In this city. May 24, 1900. Louise,
beloved wife of the late Marc Karatar. and
beloved mother of Henry R., Mathilda and
Angele Karatar, a native of Alsace, used 65
years 6 months and 17 days.
J. C. MILLER, Secretary.
JOHNSON— At his ranch In Santa Clara Valley,
Cal., May 25, 1900, William R. A. Johnson, be-
loved husband of Lavlnla M. Johnson, a na-
tive of Virginia, aeed 6S year*.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2225 Filbert street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.— The mem-
bers are hereby requested to assemble at 2225
Filbert street this day (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Theo. L. Johnson. By order of
T. P. MARTIN. President.
C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servloes
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at St.
John's Presbyterian Church, corner California
and Octavla streets. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HARPER— In this city, May 2«, 1900, Mary
Campbell, beloved wife of John A. Harper, a
native of Bangor. Me., aged 54 years.
HART— May 26. 1900. at the Military Hospital,
Pre3ldlo. Captain F. W. Hart, master of the
United States transport Sheridan.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 25, 1900. at her
residence, 102 Morris avenue, Mary V., dearly
beloved daughter of Vaehtl Johnson, and sis-
ter of Grant, Dell and Charles Johnson, a na-
tive of Eugene, Or., aged 18 years 1 month
and 12 days. (Eugene, Or., papers please
• copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment at Eugene, Or.
JOHNSON— In Indlo, Cal.. May 23, 1900, Theo-
dore L., beloved husband of Mary E. John-
son, son of Mary J. and the late William
Johnson, and brother of C. H. and J. William
Johnson and Mrs. H. L. Livingston, a native
of Half moon Bay, San Mateo , County, aged
33 years.
ICFYlends and acquaintances are respect- ,.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl- ,
dencc, 317 Ninth street, between Folsom and >
Harrison. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
FARREN-In th!« city. May 26, 1900, Charles <
Farren. a native of Ireland, aced 41 years. v .
FILOATE— In this city. May 15, 1300, Esther. <
beloved daughter of H. P. Fllgate. <
GUNTHER— In this city. May 25. 1900. at her <
residence, 619 Twenty-ninth street, above Mis- <
¦Ion. Isabella S. Gunther. widow of the late <
Vf. G. Gunther, and beloved mother of Ed- A
ward W., Arthur I... and William G. Gunther, <
a native of Long Island, N. Y., aged 69 years. <
(New York papers please copy, ) <
(CTFrlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, for ser-'lces. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DEPPE— In this city. May 24, 1900. Madeline
Deppe, beloved wife of Bernhard Deppe, and
mother of B. W. and Phil Deppe. a native of
Bayern, Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
23 days.
h. w. Qurrzow, g. s.
DAVIS— In East Oakland, May 25. 1900, George
E.. beloved husband of Maria A. Davis,
and father of George E. Jr., L. C, Frank L.,
Alice E. and Llllle C. Davis and Mrs. Charles
IX Halnes, a native of East Boston, Mass.
DEMARTINI— In this city. May 24, 1900. An-
drea, beloved son of the late Antonla De-
marUnl. and brother of Lulgl Demartini and
Mrs. Maddalena Cuneo of New York, a native
of Italy, aged 55 years 10 months and 20
days.
lC7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2125 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KNIGHTS and Ladles' of Honor— Grand Lodge
and members of the order will meet at 2429
Mission street this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, to attend the funeral of past pro-
tector. Sister M. E. Cummlngs.
Z. T. WHITTEN. G. P.
(C^Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Twentieth and Florida streets, thence
to Corpus Christl Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
CUMMINGS-In this city. May 24 ,1900, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Henry K. Cum-
mlngs, and mother of Kate M. Cummlngs, a
native of Boston, Mas*., aged 64 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, John Cnsey, 150 South Park,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTA— In this city. May 26, 1900, Rosa, dearly
beloved wife of the late Peter Costa, and
mother of Mrs. Lnui?a Casaretto, Mrs. Vic-
toria Cuneo and Joseph and David Costa, a
native if Italy, nged 61 years and 4 months.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and 29 Fifth street.
CASEY— In this city. May 26. 1900. Jeremiah
Casey, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
64 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:S0 o'clock. from Calvary
Churoh, corner Powell and Geary streets. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at
her late residence. 42S Geary street.
CALLAHAN— In this city. May 26. 1900. Annie
Callahan (nee Landers), t>eloved daughter of
Patrick and the late Mary Lenders, and sis-
ter of Mrs. J. Evatt, Mrs. E. Murphy, Mrs.
R. Williams and Kate and Theresa Landers,
a native of Louisville, Ky., aged 25 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 3103 Clay street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROWN— In Los Angelee, May 25. 1900. Ed-
ward R. Brown, beloved brother of James S.
Brown £.njl Mrs. Bradford Wheeler, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
BUSWELL— In this city. May 25. 1900, Susie
Thorn Buswell, widow of the late W. F. Bus-
well, and mother of Alexander T. and George
F. Buswell, a native ot New York City, N.
Y., aged 07 years 4 months and 5 days.
(C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the^ funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1:20 o'clock, at his late residence. 2401
Clement street, corner of Twenty-fifth ave-
nue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BECHERAS— In this city May 26, 1900, Rose
Becheras, beloved daughter of Marlus and
Lucy Becheras, and slater of Camille, Vir-
ginia, Eugenia, Frances and Georgette Bech-
eras, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 1 year
1 month and 20 days.
ATERS— In this city. May 24, 1900, William H.,
beloved husband of Catherine Ayers, father
of Alex and Charles Ayers, Mrs. J. H. Brick-
wedell. Mrs. F. H. Heyer and the late J. C,
Ayers, beloved son of Maria D. Ayers, and
brother of John C. and Alonzo F. Ayers. Mrs.
M. Woods. Mrs. O. Boulett and Mrs. J. Wil-
liams, a native of Baltimore. Md.. asred 55
years.
DIED.
Ayers, William H. Hart. Castaln F. W.
Becheras, Rose Johnson. Mary V.
Brown, Edward R. Johnson; Theodore L.
Buswell, Susie T. Johnson, Win. R. A.
Callahan. Annie Karatar. Louise
Caaey, Jeremiah McGuire, Grace M.
Costa. Rosa Schllchtlng, Margar-
Cummlngs, Mary E. etha M. ¦*
Davis, George E. Stone, Charles B.
Demartini. Andrea Thompson. Alexander
Deppe. Madeline Tully, Thomas J.
Farren, Charles Williams, Margaret
Filgate, Esther Woodls., Maria
Gunther. Isabella S. Woolcock. William J.
Harper, Mary C.
ALLEN— WALKER— In this city. May 25. 1900.
by the Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln. Gideon S.
Allen and Laura A. Walker, both of 6an
I 1 ranclsco.'
FRUSTUCK-GRUNWALDT-In this city. May
23. 1900. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrke, Henry
M. Fnistuck and Elly Grunwaldt, both of
Ben Francisco.
J 9" AKESEN - S UNDET— In this city. May 24.
1900, bv the Rev. O. Groensberjc. Torval R.
Johanessn and Nekollne Eundet.
SACKETT— BRIODY— In this city. May 23. 1900.
by the Rev. Father Prendertrast, Charles
backett of Napa and Mary C. Briody of San
Francisco.
MABRIEB.
(t7 Friends ahu acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner Guerrero and Twen-
tieth streets at 2:30 o'clock.
fc^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 45 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for • the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WILLIAMS — In Plymouth. Amador County,
May 25, 1900. Margaret Williams, widow of
the late Josenh Williams, a native of Corn-
wall. England, aged 6S years.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from 22 Chattanooea street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
WOODIS— In this city. May 24. 1900. Maria
Woodls, a native of North Carolina, aeed 80
years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Zion A. M. E.
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOOLCOCK— In this city. May 25. 1900. Wil-
liam John, beloved husband . of Florence M.
Woolcock. father of Ethel May Woolcock.
brother of Mrs. Peter Organ and Peter Wool-
cock, and son of the late Peter and Mary
Woolcock, a native of Star City. Nev., aged
27 years 5 months and 15 days. A member of
Court Seal Rock No. 45. Foresters of America;
a member of Court Diana, Independent Order
of Foresters, also aViember of Abraham Lin-
coln Council. Junior Order United American
Mechanics.
C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary'-
TULLY— In this city. May 25, 1SC0. Thomas X,
son of Coleman and Mary Tully. deceased,
and Idolized brother of James F. and Mary
Tully. Sister Madeline of Rio Vista and Mrs.
J. McCormick of Watsonvllle, a native of San
Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3012 Flllmore street, near Union. In-
terment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Scandinavian
Society — You are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our late member. Alexander
Thompson, to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, 3012 Flllmore street.
By order of CARL A. HAGSTROM. Pres.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at San Mateo. Friends wishing to at-
tend will take the 2:45 o'clock train from
Third and Townse-nd streets. Interment pri-
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
THOMPSON— In this city. May 26. 1900. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Philllppma M.
Thompson, and father of Gus E. Thompson.
Mrs. Thomas M. Hill and the late Louis A.
Thompson, a native of Sweden, aged 67 years
1 month and 15 davs.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 917 Bryant street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
STONE— In San Mateo. Cal.. May 26, 1300.
Charles Barney Stone, a native of Huntsbirrs.
Ohio, aged 60 years 8 months and 10 days.
Margaretha Marie Schllchtlnsr. beloved daugh-
ter of H. F. and the late Christina 8chllcht-
lns, and beloved sister of H. F. Schlichting
Jr.. a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
S months and 15 days. A member of Wal-
halla Rebekah Lodge No. 130.
HOFFMAN— In this city. May 81. 1900, to the
wife of Louis A. Hoffman, a son.
HURLEY— In this city. May 26. 19C0. to the
wife of Robert Hurley, a daughter.
"/"SLLET— In this city, May 22. 1900. to the wife
of C. A. Kelley, a son.
KLEINERT— In this city. May 20. 1900, to the
wife of A. O. Klelnert. a son.
McLEOD— In Stockton, to the wife of Samuel
McLeod, a «on.
MULLANE— In this city. May 10, 1900', to the
wife of Thomas M. Mullane, a son.
O'CONNOR— In this city. Way 22. 1900. to the
wife of R. O'Connor, a son.
TIERNET— In this city. May 22. 1900, to the
wife of Thomas J. Tierney, a son.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
; Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
: 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALMfHS.
' Finest Equipment at Moderate Ratea.LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— July. Bept.
Opening ( (<4 6 7%
Closing V....... 6 SU 6 7%
' PARIS.
Wheats- May. 6ept.-Deo.
Opening 20 20 21 70
Closing 20 C5 2163
Flour-
Opening 25 70 28 50
Closing ...; 26 70 2S4O .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 28.— CATTLE— Receipts.
300; nominally eteady; natives, food to prime
NEW YORK. May £*.— The Financier eay»:
The majority of the clearing-house banks o!
New York City <Sld not Improve their standing
to an appreciable extent last week dpspite the
heavy Influx* of interior fund* to this center.
The gains In cash were made for the most part
ty several large institutions, whose special
cperations also account for changes in other
leading Items. Thus the Increases In the
loans and deposits of one bank alone were
fully as large as the total advances made by
all the banks. Viewed In a. broad light, how
ever, the statement must be regarded as favor
able. Money is being received In New York
from ell Interior points and . the sain made
last week was double the average for any
similar period thla month. How Ions this
Inflow of currency Is to continue cannot be
decided pff hand, but the effect is witnessed
in an easy market, offerings of. time funds
being made with great liberality over the rest
of the year. Tbe demand does not indicate any
great pressure for accommodation. Both loans
and deposits are now much higher than at any
previous period this year and the cash reserve
I Associated Banks' Statement.
Trading In local securities was quiet and
prices showed no change worthy of note.
The oil stocks were also quiet at about pre
vious prices.
The Yukon Oil Company's dividend of 3c Is
payable on the 2Sth.
"The San Francisco Gas and Eli^ctric Company
will pay a dividend of 33c per share on June 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE*
SATURDAY. May :S-12 m.
•Bld.Ask_ Bid Ask.
17 S Bond*— Eqult G L Co. 2% 3
4s <juar coup..llo*illSi.i; Mutual Kl Co. . S»V» 11
Is do reg.......HS*4116 l ,i | O G L t H.... — 46
4s do cp new..l34'-il35 Pac Gas Imp.. 45'4 —
Is do coupon..lD9HH0 Pac L Co 43 H
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.._ 46 47
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 11914 — San FrancUco. . 4V4 4?i
I C C Water 6S.108V4 — Stkn G & K Co 13 —
Ed L & P 6s..l2SVt — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Flrem's Fund.227H —
Geary-j.t R 5s. — 199 Bank Stock3—
11 C & S 5^,8.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67H
Do 6s 105 — Bank of Cal. ..410 —
L A Ry 6s 104 104% Cal S D & T.V1045il0«
L A L Co 6s... — — First National. — 290
Do Kntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A 132ft —
Do c»td 6s. .100 — Merchants' Ex 15 — '
LA'tPR 6s.l02»4 — Nev Nat Bank — —
Market-st 6s.. .127 — - Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s.llS% — G*r S & L...139O _
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L... — ,
N R of Cal 6s. 115^115% Mut Sav Bnk.. 45M —
' Do 5s 117 — S F Sav U....505 —
NPCRR 6a.l01HlH2U Sav & L So.... 74. 78
Do 59 108 109 Sec Sav Bk... — —
N Cal R R 6s. 113- — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&HSs.llT — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s...ll7H120 California 121%123
Oak W Co 6s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co..l07 107^ Market-st Ry.. cu 62"i
Om C Ry 6S...12S — O S L & H.... — 60
P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 — Presidio 1« —
P & O R R 6s.ll5 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California iro 170 ¦
Sac L & G RSs — — Giant Con Co. 84V4 f 4*i
B F & SJV 6S.120 — VJgorit ........ 2'i 314
S Ky of Cal 6S.IH14 — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 65....1H 114H Hana S P Co.. 7*4 7Ti
Do (1905) 109-4110^4 Haw C & S Co 89 91
Do (190S) 111V*113 Honokaa S Co. 33*4 34li
Do (1912)..... — 122J* Hutch S P Co. 26 :6^
Do 1st eg Ss. — — Kilauea S Co. 29 T « 21%
B P Br 6s 12.nil31 Makaweli S Co 47«4 4S
S V Water 6s..H4»i — Onomea S Co.. 57»i 28'4
Do 4s... 103U — Paauhau S Co. Sl>4 32,
"Do 3d mtg.-.102V4 — Miscellaneous —
Stocktn Gas 6s S9 — Al Pack Assn. 116*4117
¦; Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. SV& ii%
Contra Costa.. 71',4 72 Mer Ex Assn.. — loo
Mariti County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 93 94
Spring Valley. 95V& 95!4 Pac A B" A.... 1 —
Gas & Electric— ; Pac C Bor Co.l4» —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L&P.... S>4-
Mornlnff SegBlon.
Board— • • 1
100 Alaska Packers' Association 118 73
60 Contra Costa Water ......71 37H
60 Contra Coeta "Water i. 71 50
10 Giant Powder Con 85 00
6 Giant Powder Con...................... 84 &7~£
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CHICAGO, May 26.— The wheat market was
almost too small to be visible to the naked eye.
The market opened firm because the Northwest
was Etlll without sufficient moisture to sprout
the seed. Later, principally out of Bheer In
activity, the market eased and the half-session
wound up In an Inanimate condition. The pit
was all but deserted most of the day. Cables
were easy. July closed a shade under yester
day at 67c.
Corn was weak at the start. It grew weaker
as the session progressed and at the end was
at its weakest. This was because of Increased
farmers" deliveries and the favorable weather
combined with a slack demand. There Teas only
a very lon«ly Bcattering bunch of traders. July
closed *»@Hc under yesterday at 36~».
With corn and wheat dull, little could be ex
pected of oats. The speculative trade was flat.
July closed ?i'gVio down at 21Vi«(21*ic.
Provisions dragged throughout the session
and toward the close became decidedly weak.
A weaker hog market, the dullness and the
grain weakness were the factors. July pork
closed 12^c under yesterday, lard 10c lower and
rlbf» 7%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Caen quotations were as follows: Flour dull
and steady; winter patents W 60®3 70: straights,
J2 SQ*ET3 43; ciears, f2 VVccZ 20; eprlng specials.
$3 8ftj3 P0; patents. $3§3 45; /straights, J2 W$
2 SO; bakers'; $2©2 40; No. 3 Eprlng wheat, 620
CBVic: No. 2 red. 72i#72*4c: No. 2 corn. 27^374c;
Na 2 yellow, 87«4§37«ic: No. 2 oats, 21»i^2I l 4c:
No. 2 white. 24#2*V4c; No. 8 white. 23*iiS24Hc:
No. 2 rye. 55%c; pood feeding barley. 36>*c;
fair to choice malting, 87S40e; No. 1 Saxseed.
51 SO: prime timothy seed. $2 4J; mess pork,
per barrel, |10 SC®11 25; lard, per 100 pounds.
J6 7" "a 6 £2'-; ehort ribs sides (loose), )6 40^
6 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6H@6?*c;
short clear sides (boxed) $6 96@7 05: whisky,
basis of high wines, |1 23; clover. con
tract grade, $7 60.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was rteady, creamery, l.'.'alSHc; dairy
J3V4'317c. Cheese. steady. SttffSKc Eggs,
steady, fresh. HHo.
Chicago Grain Market.
Nczc York Stock Market.
NITTT YORK. May IS.— There was no change
In conditions In the stock market to-day. The
depressing ln£ucace cf Thursday's failure con
tinues to overhang the market ar.i to fiiBC&ur
tC' any Epeculative activity. A large propor
tion of the .: : t email business was given over
to transactions In settlement of the failed
flrra'« affairs. The f.nn cf brokers whose buy-
Ing yesterday was taid to represent a tran«rer
ol accounts cf the customers cf Price. McCor
snick & Co. was &galn a cozurpicuouB operator
J.o-day. These operations represent a re-entry
Into the market of eoine customers of the failed
firm to whom lo«ns were paid off wfcea their
contracts were closed out under tbf rule of the
ex- .'.iir.i:t cr wb'jee coriLznitmecia &re taicen ovex
Ir •-. Use tuf^enied firm ty other housts. This
operation is a tustainlng influence ca prices and
was *-57*ciuJly evident to-day In Union Pacific.
Tb* ;>revaient belief that the backs which bola
the fcrm"» collateral on the riarket .for forced
ta-« to UnaUmt* tt.e loans aiao served to relieve
tf ; nrli'lirtrm to some «jctei;t. Authoritative de
clo:!= of porae of the rumors put in rtrrnlitlon
tr :^'-i:tr i.r.ancial dllncultifs were an influence
toward rt-'Uftvjng dei>r€S6ion. These factois. it
*rl21 be clu^r\-eG, were rather negative in char
acter, but they ser\cJ to k«?^p the market pretty
rtf*dy. The Fharp. rilly In cotton was a lavor
6l>> factor. The ehons covered in rupar, rail
rotd carnir-p* were reposed favtrable. speci
ally those o: Kockinst Valley and the AtchiS'jr.s
mxiA the «lr*mgi-b. cf those rlocks heljvd the rett
of the market. The cloeir.g was. nevertheless, J
Jit-avj- ax ocnceeEior-^ from r>!ph«>t prices. The !
l«r.K ETAtemerrt *»ae about as expected arid waf I
writbapt ::.Suence en the market,
Ti e rtnek market ha* h*cn dull all we*-k ar.4
oivf-ratif ::s L»ve b^cn a-'mast entirely in pro- ¦
**-s>=icr.aJ liaads. Commiwion *¦ ¦«" ¦ in AVall j
ttrtet are simost «!**ert*d and no orders of im
ports nee ha v* L-een received fcyma.il orte-legraph. I
te;»ra! of the rrofessional Etock ci.eratcrs. wh-se ]
#»*::rxs have been on ar. extensive iscaJe. have I
jalred in the eurnrner exodus to "Curcpe and so j
iejr as 'ncjeatiens «how. have n-lthdrawn from
f a.ctive thare in tbe dealings in stocks.
With the public out of th* market and th- j
yroft«sionai tradir.c rf-l<?eatfj to cyeratlont en !
& small KSie, there ha? been little to reflect !
tt'- (.-<-r.eral crmditlon of business eTtcept ef the !
<5u:!ne>>« is a negative Indication of the doubt ]
era or-cfutlon regarding the trade outlook. The
failure of Price. McCcnntck *¦ Co. <lid not
cause anjthisg like deracraJization in the mar
ket, but' it had a decidedly un8«>tUir.g effect
ca Fr#culsiSon. The confusion en5 uncertainty
C£--K»d »>>• this event ha« the effect of rather
Incri'&j'ln*: the apathy of the t>tock market. The
r re wing plethora of inensy ba» no ir.2uersce In
rtirnulating speculation. This Is because the
t he ncrr.eaon U clearly due to the decreasing ac
tivity cf trade. In the Iron trade, particularly.
the further shading of prices and the shutting
£o-vn of additional n^Ile have resulted in cnly
rlight afiCitlcwi* to new busineea.
I>cc.!ir.ps in fcondu have been «mail and tin-
J-n-wrtaat. Refunding la. when Iwued. de
clined H end old 4i and fs »4 In the bid
price. Ttoe 2» advanced H P*r cent.
NirW TORK BTOCK LIST.
f-,r-3 Closing
T.ftS Atch'.aoa 23U
fc.714 Atchlwm prefd 'f*
C'/\ lialtlmore fc Ohio...... i*
ITS r-artadian I'aclflc *Z\'z
Canada Southern ri
rw Chesapeake & Ohio 27>i
¦»W Chirapo Great W«rstern 12"»
Z.tt& rTiimgo. Burllcrton & Qu'.ncy J2«
109 Chicago. Ind A Louirvine U
Ofiirtgo. l nd & Louisville prefd 1.2
. .... Vi\\rafio 4- Eaft<»ra Iliinola 1C3
109 Ch'caso & Northwestern 162'i
<-:.¦ Chicago, Rock If land & raclfle 1CKH
....... C C C & St Laui«.... CS^
10O Colorado Eoathera 6
."...r^. ColorCii Fouthem 1st rrefd 42
..'..... Colorado e-mthem 2J prefd 1?'4
•.'¦" Twlaware & Hudson 4"a»
VA I»t!awar». I-Ark A W«rtern 177
106 Per.ver «i KIo Orar.de IS'i
....... I>r.vcr & Rio Grande prefd C>i
-» Erie "1*
Krie let r-refd Si'4
... Great Northern prefd V-Z : t
r« Hockirg Cr*J : is_
C«0 HfKking Valley 27>4
....... IlUnol» Central 13*
low» Cratrel 17%
...... Jo»a Ontral prefd ....... it
-^ Kansa* City. I'ittsburg A Quit 17.
». Lfil:» Erie tt Western 27
_ I.£jce nrt* &. Western rrefd SI
„ I^kf Fhore> 211
COfl Louin-llie & Xa*.hvllle 78 T 4
1.1*0 T'-enhattan Elevated .„.„... SJfi
COO wVtropolitan Street Rail-ray 154Vi
Mexican Central 12%
100 Minn^ajwlis & St Louis C2
100 Minneapolis & £t Louis prefd 95
COO Missouri Padflc U>*L
EASTERN MARKETS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hli;h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hish ana low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the game at both places.
SUNDAY. MAY 27.
Sun rises 4:52
Sun sets ~:ZZ
Mocn rises........ S:43 aw m.
C Tlmel Time Time Time I
». Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L W H W L W H W
Z7 ... 4:23—0.9 11:23 4.7 3:52 2.9 10:09 (.3
2S ... 6:12|—1.1 12:lS 4.7 4:40 S.I 10:52 6.2
29 ... 6:00-1.1 1:03 4.S 5:29 3.1 11:3 «.O
50... <:4j —0.9 1:59 4.9 6:21 3.2
H W L W H W L W
81 ... 0:22 5.7 7:30 —0.6 2:4« 4.S 7:19 3.3
1 ... 1:11 5.3 8:13—0.2 3:32 4.9 8:23 S.3
2 ... 2:05 4. Sj 8:55| 0.3 4:17| 4.9 9:33) 3.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tbe
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey, charts, except
when a minus tlgn ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
ABBIVE).
Eatsrfiar. Majr U.
Etzsx WettTort. Ericsson. 11 bocrt £rosi Heu
Harbor.
Etmr National City. Dettmen. U hour* from
Fort Brasx.
gtxar l^onioaa. Paraooa. IS hours f w ni\ q>.
reka.
Bark Axsj Tarser. Wajiusi. 25 days tern
Hllo.
Bktn Irtajrari. Schmidt. 20 flays from H'.'a.
Bchr Park era burs, Jorgenson. 3V» daja frad
CoQullle River.
Schr North Bead, Palnigren, SH 6ar> troni
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mayflower, Olses. tH bocn frezi Cb-
Qullle River.
Schr Corlathiaa. Horth. tH hocrs from Co-weaa
CXEARED.
SatnTtfar. ilay 21
Etrrjr St Paul, Haya. XTnalaska; Alaaka Coo
znerclal Co.
Strr.r Cocs Bay Ehea, Baa Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins >v Co.
Scsr Mildred. Klndlen. Santa Boaalia; Fel!x
San taller.
Schr Sehosje, Peteraoa. St Michael: Alaska
Commercial Co.
BAILED.
Saturday. May 28.
BtJnr TJmatllla. Cousina, Victoria.
Etmr Valencia. Lane. Seattle.
Stnir St Paul, Hayl, Unalaska.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockneth. Crescest City.
etmr W II Krueer. Krog. TlUaiaook Bay.
with scar Enteri>ri»e In tow.
XT S stmr I>anlel Manning. Roberts. .
Br stmr Energia, Chapman, Port Townsen4-
Fr »tmr Warneld. Pattie, Chesaainus.
Ship Irtxjuols, Thompson, Seattle.
Pchr Barbara Heraster. Olsen, Golorvia Bay.
Schr John G North. Austin. Honoipu.
Bchr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. CoquiUa River.
Bchr Jamea A Garfleld. Lewis. Coos Bay.
Schr Sehome. Peterson. Et Michael.
Schr Gotaraa. Wilicn. Cocs Day.
Schr Enterprise. Fritach, Tillanook Bay. la
tow of stmr W H Kruzer.
TELEGPwAPHia
POINT LOBOS. May 25. 10 p in— Weather
hazy; wind N/YV, velocity ?> miles.
SPOKEN'.
May 4, lat 5 N, Ion 23 W— Ger ship Columbia,
hence Feb IS for Queenstown.
May — . lat • N. Ion 27 W— Br shla Llalita
l"owshire. from Antwerp, for Tacczna.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDOX, May 25— Ger ship Wandesbek. frora
Portland for Queenstown, is ashore near Lizard.
LONDON. May 25— Fr bark Noraandie. pre
viously reported ashore, la ¦ubmenred and
carco destroyed.
PHILADELPHIA. May 25— Earlc Guy C Gcs»,
from Vancouver, reocrta encountered a gal»
on March Jl la lat 4o 3, Ion 43 W. lastinff about
a week. Lost rudder and shipped a Jury one.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Sailed May 26— Stmr North Fork.
for San Francisco.
BOWEN'S LANDING— Arrived May 25-Sclar
Mary Etta, hence May 13.
Sailed May 26— Schr Corinthian, for Saa Fraa
cisco.
Sailed May 2*— ScSr Xewirk, for Saa JTraa
dsco.
COOS BAT— Bar bound May i&— Stair Em
pire, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND.. Arrived May 25— Br ahi*>
Bandaneira. from Vancouver.
Bailed May 2S — Bark Topgallant, for Hooc
kor.g.
GRAY3 HAP.BOR— Arrived May W— Scir
Beulah, hence May 15.
IVEP.PENS LANDING— Sailed May 25— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May IS— Schr Maweetaa.
for Port Townsend.
FORT ROSS— Sailed May 25— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco: schr Nettia Sundbors, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 2S— Schr Sequela,
for Seati>.
GREENWOOD — Arrived May 16 — Stmr
Whitesboro. hence May 23.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 25— Stmr RoancJts. for
Capo Nome: stair Eliha Thomson, t* Cape-
Nome; stmr Ccttapre City, for £ka?uay.
Sailed May 28— Stmr Santa Ana. for Cap*
* Arrived May 2»— Stmr Mackinaw, hence May
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 2S— Xor bark
Fortuna, from Port Townsend.
Bailed May 2S— Schr Bertie Minor, for Saa
XK>RT C< LUDLOW— Arrived May 28— Chll baric
Antolnetta, from Tocooilla.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 2&— Br ih!o Plsmore.
from Nacasakl; Br stmr Elm Eranch. from
i NEW WHATOOM— Sailed May 23— Chll bark
j Lake J-eman. for ValDaraiso. May 28 — Bicra
! Portland, for San Francisoo. * ¦
Arrived May 2S— Schr Oceania Vance, frossi
Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QtTEENSTOVi'N— Arrived May 2t— t!r «htp
Glendoon. from Tacoina; Br bark Cainbrlaa
Arrived May 2S-Ger bark Ma»
n ADELAIDE- r RT* Sailed May C-Eark
Abbie Palmer, for Newcastle. Aus.
ACAPUI4XV- Arrived May IS— Br bark Low
Wood, from Newcastle. Aus.
NANAIMO-Arrtved May 2^-Isor stn-.r T!ta
nla. from Port Los Angles, and sailed May
2S for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 24— Br stmr Brae
"'salled'^Iay 2.V- Br ship Queen Adela.lde. for
Tacoma; Br stmr Empress ol Japan, tor Van-
C °Arrived prior to May 13— Shi? Joseph B
Thrrr.39 from New York.
NEWCASTLE; NSW— Sailed May 21— Shl»
JUNIN— In* port April 25— Ger ship WUhel
tnin«\ for Puset Sound.
HIOGO— Sailed May 2— Br ship Amazon, fjr
. May 6— Ger ship Mabel IUckiners. for
FA LMOtrTH— Arrived May 25— Oer ship Al
debaran. from OreKon.
Arrived May IS— Ger baric Schwaner.bek. hnc
Feb IS (9« days).
ST NAZAIRE>-Arriv««d May 23— Ger bark
Pirate, from Port Blakeley.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed May 2S— Br bark
Invernelll. hence Jaji li.»
LTVERPOOI^— Arrived May 24— Br bark KH
laro^y. from Victoria.
KINSALE— Passed May 23— Br ship G>ndr>on.
from Tacuma. for Qu*«nstf)wn: Br bark Cam
brian Warrior, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Sailed May 28— Stmr La. Bretag-ie.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 26-St:sr Bt
Panl. for New York, via Cherbourg.
CHTIRBOURG— Sailed May 25— Stmr St Panl.
from fouthampton. for New Tork.
-NEW YORK— Sailed May 26— Stmr Minneapo
lis, for London; stmr Ivernia. fcr Liverpool:
stmr Phoenicia, for Liverpool; stmr State cf
Nebraska, for Glasjow: stmr Amsterdam, for
Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Anchorta, for
Glas~ow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 2S— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, from San Francisco for
Hongkong 1 . ~_
Arrived May 2S— Strnr Braemer. frora Port
land. Or.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 28— Stmr
Nipron Maru. from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu* and Yokohama.
Sailed May 2;— Stmr Queen Adelaide, frora
Honzkons for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 28— Stssr Cymric,
from Liverpool fcr New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 2S— Stmr FrlealajuJ.
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 28— Stmr Etroria,
for New Tor*; »Wsr C«Tic, for. New "fort.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterlins Exchange, sixty days... — $4 8S\
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 iS\
Fterlir.sr rabies -••• — 4 R:i-;
Npw Tork Exchange, sight — i;i._.
New York Kxehanpe. telegraphic — 15
Finv Silver, per ounce. — eoft
Mexican Poliars • 4S^i fj
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was easier and neglected.
Chicago was dull and steady. Ilain in the
southweFt was offset by dry weather In the
northwest.
In the local market futures declined, but spot
prices were «teady.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 90331»4c; milling. 92*4
(Stt'/jc.
CALL BOARD SALE3. i
Informal Sess^n— 3:15 o'clock—December—IS.
000 ctls. 90c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls PS"*c; 22.000, SS s «c; 60(0, 9S*ic. ,
BARLEY— The market continues weak and j
another decline In futures is noted. Trade is
very dull.
Feed, 70@71'ic for No. 1 and toQCTKc for off
grades; Brewing and' Shipping grades. 7i@S0c;.
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALE5.
Informal Ses£lon-^:13 o'clock— 20C0 ctls. e9Tic.
Fecor.d Session — No Fales. '
Regular Morning SesFion— December— 6000 ctls, j
e9\c: ttOO, C9Nc; JXXX>, €94c :
OATS— Dealers reported a eteady feeling, j
without much business. '
White. U l'J^Sfl "i : Red. $1@1 20; Gray, |1 07J»
fil |5; Black. JK&1 07^.
CORN— Eastern Eastern large Tellow. Ji 13a
1 20 pt-r ctl: Eastern White, tlffl 10 per ctl.
RYE— P5S'^7Hc Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and MillstufFs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 C0?3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. JI Z>@Z per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks axe as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *2 "5 Per *W lbs; Rye Flour, *2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 60-
Oat Groats. $4 t0;- Hominy. 13 2ig3 SO; Buck
wheat Flour. f*04 2L; Cracked Wheat, t3 25-
Farina. *4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. J3; Rolled
, Oats (barrels). S6@< !o: in Facks, $5 75© 7; Pearl
Barley. »5; Split Peas, $i; Green Peas. $5 50 pet
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Old Hay continues firm, and wheat and oat Is
Ellghtly higher. New Hay is not wanted by
anybody. There is no change in Feedstuffs.
MIDDLINGS— S174T2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, J15@17 per
tor.: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26Q-27; Jobbing.
$27 &0Q2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20g'21; Corn Meal,
$"»• Cracked Corn. $23 50; Mixed Feed, »15 50.
HAY— Wheat. VQv for common to good. J9 50
filO for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50® 9 50; Oat.
S6(&$: Barley, J5@7: Alfalfa, *s©7 DO per ton.
NEW HAT— Volunteer, *4 50@5 50; ¦Wheat,
$6ii7 per ton.
STRAW— 25037HC per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
: Quotations have nof'changed for some time
and the demand for everything continues light.
BEANS— Bayos. J3&3 20; small White. *3 25(3
I 45; large White. $3 10^3 20: Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red $3 25g? 60r BUckeye, $3 &0@4; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 25© 5 30; Pea. *3 40§3 50; Red
Kidneys. »4<g4 &«•„_. , „ ,
SEEDS — I3rown Mustard, nominal; Yellow I
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary. 8Hc ]
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. 2H©3c; Hemp. 4O'4'.,c;
Timothv. 4©4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, |1 S0@2 25; Green. ?1 90
QZ 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Alameda Squash came In and sold at S3 per
box.
Beans were weaker. Asparagus was. firmer.
Other Vegetables' stood about the same. On-
J'ons and Potatoes were plentiful as usual.
POTATOES — Burbanks. S50€Oc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 50@70c; New Potatoes, 50® 75c In
sacks and «0c6*l in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 75&95c per ctl: Austra
lian. WS^ E0 p*r ctl. .
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 206"25e per doz:
Rhubarb. &0©7&o per box; Asparagus, &0c@$l
per box,- for No. 2 and $1 25@1 ro lor No. I and
il&@2 for fancy large: Green Peas, EOQSSc per
racK lor common and J1©1 25 for Garden: Strim:
Beans. 2® 4c; Refugees, 4 1 ,4Q5c: Wax Beans, 43
bc.l Catfbaije. 40SM»c; Tomatoes. $1@1 50; Egg
Plant" from Los Angeles, 5@8c: Dried Okra.
22V»c per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angt-ies,
6©8c; Dried Peppers, SSlOc; Carrots, 25^35c
per sack: Summer Squash, 50@75c per box for
Vacavllle and $1 2561 50 for Alameda; Cucum
bers, 25®75c per doien for hothouse and Jl I5@
| 1 50 per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic, :» 2 iic
per lb. •__ .
¦ Poultry and Game.
Receipts from the East do not promise to be
very heavy to-morrow, though there will be
some on the market, ,
POULTRY— Llv« Turkeys, ll©12o for Gob
blers and 12®13o for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 15® 1 £.0; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, {4 oOlg'a
for old and $5@6 for young; Hens, $424 50;
Young Roosters. fSQi; Old Roosters, f3 50®4:
Fryers *4@* 50; Broilers. $3©3 50 for large and
II 73#2 50 for small; Pigeons, Jl 7Jg2 per dozen
for old and $1 7o©2 for squabs.
GAME — Nominal. v^^:i;>
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Everything remains as previously quoted.'
Cheese is showing more tone, but Eggs and
Butter still drag. -Borne dealers, however, re
port lighter stocks and ; a heavier feeling In
Eggs. : '„ . '
BUTTER— • '¦:
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 17318c; seconds,
16S16HC.
Dairy— Fancy, 16C16Hc: good to choice. 14©
16%c; common, 18V4c
CHEESE— New, 7H®8V4c; Young America, S®
8%c: Eastern, 16fi 17c; Western. ISfflSo per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13Q14c for store and 14@lCc
per . dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Figs sold off briskly at higher prices.
Peaches were rteady. but Apricots sold rather
lower. There was no particular change In Cher
ries, though the market . cleaned up very well.
A good many Cherries are being shipped East,
where they are bringing good priijes. .-
Prices for Berries continue comparatively
high, arrivals belnjf moderate.
Apples, ¦ Pears and Plums are not ¦ making
much show as yet, '.^fe* « «,'-'¦ "
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— -
APRICOTS— tO"j?S5c per box for Prlnflea and i
Shipping Intelligence*
Charters.
The Mare-hal Bucaet Is chartered for wheat
%2 Europe, 43s.
The Eiwrrsia loafi« lumber on the Sound for
Australia.
Bank Clearings. •
Ivocal bar:k clearlrrs last week were $1S.TJ?,
tn, aga;n«t J;S.OSO,S»3 for the same week last
}esr.
Imparts of Groceries.
Irr.port» cf ctar> groceries at this port during
the first fo^r month* cf the year were as fol
lows, ccrr. pared with the same time In 18J3:
Buinr. b£.*:..l*.-u It*. &* = .:-; 1CS.CT&.0O0- ccCee.
0i,;44.4'K It*, sgair.st IVS2S.W0; rice. 22.05o.C-00
It*. egiiJisi 51,425,700; tea, K2.000 "I*, against
j.4::,2.-j.
Weather Report. ' " .
ilZTJh Me'rifiian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. May 2«, 1SC0— Z p. m.
The following are the ptasonal rainfalls to
C«.te. tg compared with those of the same date
Jfeft te*LE;n. ani rainfalls la the I»st twenty- I
fcur hours:
L^«t This Last
Statics* — 24 Houra. Season. Season.
E-^reka _ 0-09 00.00 E3.€l
KeS Bluff . 6-00 S0.50 £0.50
Eicramento _ COO 2O.i8 14.11
fan FrancUso 0.00 1S.42 16.10
7V>t-.a 0.09 10.1« 7.1S
Indepenience 0.00 S.65 1.21
Kir. Luis OLispo C.O0 17.M 1S.41
Los Aare!e» COO 7.SS 6.C1
Diego O.OO 6.98 4.«
Tunia 0.00 12S 1S4
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, '
C; -»* \_ t2; r.-.tar.. £S.
VTATHFR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
G«Ti^ra!ly clvatj we&ther prevails ever the
northern portion of the Pacific Sic;* and fair
c%-er the southern. Light rain Is reported from
Washington, Oregon tnd Western Montana.
Ite preseure tas risen rapidly over Wash
ington and CTeson and fallen over Nevada,
t'tah, Wyoming and the Upper Missouri Valley.
Tbe teinj*ratu.re has fallen decidedly over the
eattern j>cnicts of Washington a^d Oregon
»i.r,d over Western Montana. Elsewhere the
ct.rn.nget have L-eta elieht.
Conditions are !svora.fc!e fcr fair end warmer
•reather In California Sunday.
Forecast rr-ade tt f?a.n Francisco fcr thirty
boare ending raidclfht. May 17, IXiO:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Eucday;
fr«*b aorthweet wind.
f.utherj; Cai;forai« — Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevafia— Tz.iT Eur.iay.
Utah— Partly cloudy 5.: lay: cooler.
Artecr.fc— Fair Sur.day.
Ban Frtr.c:sco and vicinity — Fair; wanner
Euii«i«y. irest. northwest wliid.
G. 11. W1LLEON.
Local Forecast Ornalal.
S Giant Powder Con M 75
75 Honokaa. Sugar Co M 09
20 Kilauea Sugar P. Co H 00
200 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 60
10 Market Street Railway 82 M
$3000 Northern Railway of C*l 6s 113 »
20 S F Gas & Electric Co «« W
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MoralEE Session.
1W Home Oil, b SO, 4 *>
200 Tukon „ 95
Street—
200 Home Oil 4 63
MECTA'a STOCKS.
Following wire the sales In the San Frandsca
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday!
Mornlns Session.
200 Belch«r 2S 100 Ophlr 88
100 Best & Belcher. 23 400 Savage 13
100 Caledonia 1 20 100 Silver Hill !S
S0O Crown Point... 09.
FoIIowtng were the sales In the Pacifio Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Caledonia 1 20 BOO Crown Point.... 13
290 Caledonia ....1 174 10CO Kentuck ....... 01
bOO Challenge Con. 15 200 Mexican 23
400 C C & Va 143 200 Mexican 27
600 C C & V&....1 424 &00 Savage — 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAT. May 2«— 12 ra.
Bld.Ask. . Bld.Art.
Alpha 04 C6 ! Justlce Cl 03
Alta C3 CoKectuck 01 02
Andes 05 07 Lady Wash..... C3 —
Belcher 22 23 Mexican 2« IS
Best & Belcher 23 80 Occidental 11 I*
Bullion 02 C3 Ophlr 61 69
Caledonia 1 15 1 20 Overman 13 M
Chollar 19 20'Potosi SO 21
Challenge Con. 14 13 Savage 11 13
Confidence 65 65 Scorpion ........ — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 60 |Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. H 82
Con New York. 03 04 Silver Hill 23 »3
Eureka Con.... — EO|St Louis — 12
Crown Point...! «S 03jStandard 4 33 —
Exchequer 01 OSiSyndlcatt — OS
Gould & Curry. IS lSjunion Con. t3 21
Hale & Norcrs. 27 2S|Utah W M
Julia 01 C3 Yellow Jacket.. 15 It
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I. Newton and Florenc* 8. Rosekrans and
John W. and Bessie Stetson to John O. Harron.
lot en S line of Vallejo street. 142:6 W of FU1
more, W 22.8 by S 137:8; $10.
Sarah A., Mortimer C. and Sadie K. Deirttt to
FrancW Lar.de. lot on E Una of Baiter street,
105 S of Lombard. S 23 by E 106:3; J10.
Henry H. and Nellie J. Wood to Eliza T.
Wilson, lot on NW corner of Masonic avenue
and Frederick street, W Si by N 11S:»: $*2».
William A. and Josephs .Langw to Charle* O.
Davis, lot on S line of Frederick street. 100 B
of Stanyan. E :2 by S 137 :«; $10.
Mary A. Crawford to Cathe Moran. tmilvlied
one-half interest In lot on NE line cf Elerentli
street. 200 SE of Harrison. SE 25 by NB 100;
also undivided one-half Interest In lot on BE
line of Folsom street. 100 EW of Ninth. BW 23
by SE S5; $273).
Louis Kahn to Sophie Kahn. lot on J* line of
York street. 1S7 N from N corner of Twenty
fifth and York. N alone W line of Tork 26,
W 100. S 28. E 100; gift. - ,
Mlnsa Pohlker to ChrlsUaa Hellwlg. lot en
SE C'»ner of Twenty-sixth and Capp Btreeta,
E 67:6, S 20. S\V 76:9, N 66; $10.
Estate of Louisa E. Wilbur <by 'Cnlon Trust
Company and W. H. Wilbur, trustees) to Rals
ton T. Wilbur, lot on E line of Mason ttreet, 2a
N of Union. E 57:6 by N 33; $ »
Ralston T. Wilbur (by attorney) to w. H.
Wilbur, same; $10.
John H. \ViBe to Edward A. Kluepel. lot on
NW corner of Leavenworth and Washington
streets. N 137:6 by W 137:6; HO. „ M
Addison & Rebecca Head and Joseph B. and
Mabel L. Coryell to Edwin L. Forster, lot on
SW corner of Mariposa and Carolina streets, W
200. S 337:34. NE 3S9.114. N S3; $10-
Alameda County.
Don F and Lizzie Miller to William D. Col
lins lot en E line of Twelfth street. 73 S from
S line of lands formerly of Baxter. 3 75 by E
100 being portion of lots 6. 3 and 7. block 24,
Beaudry and Peladeau property, Oakland: $10.
Grace E and W. J. Mortimer to EKa M. Brl
denbecker (wife of I. W.). lot on S line of Ban
croft way. 250 W of Fulton street, W W by B
130, being lot 11. block 14. College Homestead
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $730. Berkeley;
$10
Homer T. Bickel to W. H. Hally. lot en SE
comer of Saratoga avenue and Orchard street
E 40 by S 132.50, being lot 26. block G, Amended
Map Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Laura A. Pinney to Arthur J. Stansfleld. lot
1. block D, ilelrose Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Eleanor S. Chester and Ella M. Deerlnff (by
Frank H. Brooks, attorney) to Charles Katz.
"lot on N line of Prentiss street. 4iO W of Per
alta avenue. NW 100 by NE 1^. Brooklyn Town
ship: 110.
Erlck Madsen to Anna Madsen. lots 12 to 15.
block F. Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; also
personal property on the Carpentler ranch. In
Moraga Valley. Contra Costa County: gift.
Same to fan*, all interest In 50 acres, being
portion of Sobrante Rancho, tn. Moraga Valley.
Contra Costa County; gift.
Same to same, lot 73 of Drur-rs Northern Ad
dition to town of Kern. Kern County: gift.
Adaline T. and Geoige K. Porterfieid to Dud
lev Kinsell, lot on N line of Thirty-Crst street.
282.75 W of Telegraph avenue. W E& by N 140.
being lot 41. block 2038, Rowland Tract. Oak
land: grant.
Joshua Garllckto Etha F. Garlic*, lot on W
corner of Oakland and Bayo Vista avenues.
SW 140 by NW 123. block G, Linda Vista Ter
race, Oakland: gift.
! Le Roy H. and Minnie Briggs to W. H. Co
hick, lot on SW corner of Seventh and Frank
lin streets, W 75 by S 21 block 63. Oakland: $10.
Luigi Marini to Anlonio and Maddalena Ghir
ardelli re-record 720 d. 271. lot on NW corner
of Third, and Market streets, W 76 by N 94.
Oakland: also lot on N line of Third street. 50
E of Myrtle. E JO by N 94, Oakland; also lot on
E line of Myrtle street, 119 N of Third, N 25 by
E 123. all of above being in block 4S2, Hardy's
Addition to Adeline and Market street Home
stead Oakland; also lot* on N line of Third
street. 65 E of Filbert. E « I; X M, block
Q4S1, Adeline and Market street Homestead,
Oakland; $10.
Time Ball.
Branch Hvdrographic Office, V. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 29, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
L *¦... at noon of the lTOth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIX3.
Itleutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Mobile & Ohio rt4
LICK) Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11 :
300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 82"i
New Jersey Central 11T
New York Central 1SH4
Norfolk iz Western W4 j
ISO Norfolk A Western prefd ~a\
450 Northern Pacific ~ Lfe% i
S2S Northern Pacific prefd 74U i
5-13 Ontario & Western 2C'S J
.- Oreeon Railway & Nav'.sratlon 42 .
Orfor. Ry £.- Navigation prefd 76
S12 Pinr.sjivanfe. 2'.' 1 ,i
Reading .1 !'-."»
S00 Reading 1st prefd 55^ i
Readhie 2d prefd 2S
Riu Grande \V extern ,. l~*x |
Rio Grande Western profd fc'Vj !
St Louis & Paji Francisco 10 j
Si Louis & San Fran 1 it prefd C? \
St Louis &• San Fran 23 prefd Z3'~i !
St Lovls, Southwestern 11 i
l«0 Pt L.1U1S, Southwestern prefd 2b\. j
1.050 Et Paul lir,>2 :
100 St Paul rrefd 172
St P^ul a Omaha 112
l.?,:>0 ?(>utherr. TaciHc 33*4
S30 Southern RailTray 12. I
1.150 Southern Railway prefd iCj
Texas & Pacific 16 r -»
iX2o Union Pacific 63-,
170 Union Paclfio»prefd 7S r 4
Wabash f>
Wabash rrefd 2& 3 i
1O0 Whwliaj t- L E *U
Wfcrcllng &: L E 2d prefd »>H
v.isecnf.r. Central V>
"00 Thlrdafcvenue U4
Exr**ss Companies—'
Adaou 113
American 15")
United States 45
Wellfc-Farp-o 118
¦ Miscellaneous—
2M American Cotton Oil , S4
American Cotton Oil preffl 60
American Malting 3»i
2tt Air.erloan Maltir.ir prefd 21 1 -
Arnerican Smelling & Refng S7U
American Smelting & R.efng prefd.. &S4
American P;>irits "U
American Spirits pr?fd 1"
American Steel Hoop 20^
I'V* American Stwl Hrmp prefd 70
I.Sf-0 American Stf-el & "Wire 34H
ih<i American Fteel A: Wire prefd ~Z\
190 An-.frican Tin Plate 224
100 American Tin P!a4e prefd 73^
Lt» American Tobacco S2»i
American Tol>acco prefd 130
Anaconda Mininc Co 41
5,063 Brooklyn Rapid Transit TlVi
Colorado Fuel & Iron E6
LM» Continental Tobacco 24
IV) Continental Tobacco pre-fd "SH
«¦* Federal Pteel 34»4
140 Federal Ptep! prefd G7
General Electric 134
Glucose Fujrar 4.".4
Glucose Sugar rrefd 99Vi
150 International Paper 12
200 International Par>«r prefd 63*4
Ijicled*' Gan 68
100 National Bi-cuit tPA,
National Bls=rult prefd SO
1*0 National Lead ; 1S»H 1
National L#3d prefd 94 '
210 National Steel KM !
National Eteel prefd S«
New York Air Brake 122_
....... Nr-rth Ainerican ...................... 14"«
100 Pacific Ccast
Pacific Coast 1st prefd M
Pacific Coest'U prefd »H
12* Pacific Mall ¦• 28
1.216 People's Gas 93
130 Pressed Steel Car 4J»i
Pr^ts<?^l Ste<>l Car prefd 76
Pu!Irr.an Palace Car ...ISO
Star.fiard Rope & Twine 5T*
S.71? Pu^rar 1H
Su par prefd 1104
410 Tehnt>ss<-<? Coal & Iron 72**
410 United States Leather 10=4
110 United Ftates Leather prefd 6S
United Ftr'.ejs Rubber 2«i
Vr.ltea States Rutber prefd %
420 Western Unicn 7S=4
lfrt Republic Iron & Steel 14
150 Republic Iron & Ste«l prefa 56
i p C C & St Louis t6^i
I $4,S""> Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
I V S refd :s when !M K & T 23s S?-4
issued 114 i Do 46 83
! Us S 2s reg UjS N T Central l?ts..lll
U S 2s reg W-i K J Cent gen 6s..l2iH
j U fi 2s coup I'"? 1 ! No Carolina ts 110
; U P new 4a. reg l"iV Do 4s 105
I* S new 4s coup.-134S No Pacific 3s 67H
TJ'S old 4s res 115V Do 4s 100H
V S old 4s coup..lir^4 N T C i Et L 4s..lO6'4
U S £•¦ reg 113HN & W con 4s S6%
U S 6s coup 1I3%| Do perr 6s ...131
Die cf Col 3 65s 121 Or Nav lsts Ill
Atchlson pen 4s 1M i Do 4s 101*i
E»o adj 4» >-4 T i'Or Short Line 6s. .129
Canada Sou 2de IM% Do con 5s 113H
dies in Ohio 4~j8... 'ji> iReading Gen 4s... SS
Do E? li; R Q W Uts 59
C & K Con 7s 141"'s P L4IM Con Ss.llOH
Do S F Deb 5s. .119 IS L & S F Gen 68.124^-
Chicago Term 4s... 95 ,St Paul Con 170'.4
D & R G lsts lOUJSt P C &. P lstB...12O
D & R G 4s S»Hi Do Ss 131VJ
E T V 4 G lsts. ...103 i Southern Rr 5s. ...112
Erie Gen 4* :. 724 Stand R & T 6s... 71
F W &~ D C lsts... 72«»iTenn new Bet Ss... 66Vj
General Hlec 5s 120 <Tex & Pac lsts 11«*»
G H & S A 6s Ill ; r*> Ids....' 67
Do jss ios jUnion Pac 4s l^S
H t T Cent 5s. ...110 iWabash lsts 116
Do Cczi 6s 111%' Po 2ds 102
Iowa Cfnt lsts U3ViiWest Shore 4s 112"i
K C P &. G lsts 71 Wis Cent lsts »0*b
La. cew con 4s ,10SH Va Centuries .. 83
L & N Unl 4s ?9H Do Deferred 8
Southern Pa 4s.... K*» C & S 4s 86^
MINING STOCKS.
Chcllar - 17 Ontario 7 25
Crown Point 07 Ophir ES
Con Cal & Va. 1 35 Plymouth, 13
Df-adwo3d SO Quicksilver 1 10
GcuM & Curry 12 Do prefd 7 60
Ilal.-* & NorcroBS... 21 Piorra Nevada. 21
Homrftake So <>0 Standard I S9
Iron Silver KUnlon Con.... 13
Mexican 22'Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ¦ v -.^
jj orey _ jWest Bnd .'.... SIM
Call loans *53!WlseonsIn Cent — 15
Time loans 3®4| Bonds—
Stocks — iAtchisoa 4s 100
Atch T & St F».... SH;K E Oaa 4 C 5s.... 67H
Do prefd "Wit Mining Shares—
Aiwrican Sugar.. ..114 lAdventure •¦-•¦•— *
Do prefd 1H Allouex Mln Co.... 1H
Hell Telephone SOS [Amalg Copper 87^4
liofton & Albany.. .141 |Atlantlc 14
Boston mevated 14) IKostcn £ Mont 2ita
Boston & Maine 103 !Butte & Boaton «4 •
Chi B & Q 126H Calumet & Hecla..7f3
Dominion Coal 42^ Centennial 16H
Do prefd 1154 'Franklin 124
Federal Steel 34?» ¦ Humboldt 60
Do prefd C7 'Osceola 65
' Fltchburp prefd 18 1H : Parrot • 4»V4
! General Electric... 13» ;QuIncy 1S5
Mexican Central... 12%iRt Te Copp«r. x 4\
N BGas & Coke... lG'i Tamarack 13?
I <»id Dominion ICHlUtah Mining U
Rubber 2*1 j'W'lnona 3
NEW TORK. May 26.— FLOUR— Receipts, 1
18.45S barrels; exports, 59.448. Dull and a shade
weaker. Minneapolis. $3 60#3 SO; Minnesota
bakers', $2 C5£2 S3; winter patents, $3 6O®3 85;
winter straights. $3 S3t?3 45; wint«- extras, $2 £5
&1 .a; winter low grades, $2 25§2 40.
WHEAT- P.eceipts, HS.MO bushels; exports.
233.935. Spot, dull; No. 2 red, 7Sc elevator; No.
2 red. Sl«ic f. o. b. afloat nominal; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 74%c afloat prompt. Options
opened steady on continued drought in the
Northwest, but, meeting sales for European
account, soon eased off. Large spring wheat |
receipts and weak cables also favored the bear
side during- the afternoon. 'The close was dull
and weak, at \ t o decline. May Tl'iffTl^c,
closed TlUc; July. 72 Z-WfilZhzc, closed 72%c;
September. 73 M&gTI 5-10c, closed '3>. t c - x
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 1899
crcp. Il'gl4c; old, 2fi5c; Pacific Coaet, lijd crop,
1C«&13c: old. sgoc.
HIDES — Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
2l l ;C. t ,
WOOLr-Qulet; domestic fleece. 25'JJ2Sc.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at unchanged !
pric.es to 5 points lower. Total sales, 13~5«5 j
bags, including: June. $6 €."56 70: July, $G 70Q) !
C SU: August, $6 ST.; September, S6 &£>ij6 SO; Oc- t
t*'«r. $6 ii; November. $5 St^ge i<5; Itecember,
$7 15, t-pot coffee— Rio, barely steady; No. 7
invoice, 7* 4 e; mild, quiet: Cordova, HiOlSVrC.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 4c; cen
trifugal. Tt> test. 4^c; molasses sugar. 8 13-16c:
refined, firm; No. 6 4.&0c; No. 7. 4.70c: No. S,
4.70c; No. S, 4C5c; No. lit, 4.60c; No. 11, 4.5">o;
No. 12. 4.50c; No. 13. 4.50c; No. 14, 4.50c; stand
ard A. 5.10c; confectioners' A. 5.10c; moid A.
i.l>iK; cut loaf, 5.75c: crushed, 5.70c; powdered,
¦5.05c; granulated, C.30c; cubes. 5.45c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 47VO packages. Firm:
\Vestern creamery 16Hft20'-.c; factory, 14 UK.-.
EOG5 — Receipts, 10,7^6 packages. Steady;
W«tern. loss off. U}4@14c; Southern at mark,
104512c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
as usual on Saturday. Trading was only of
a hand-to-mouth order at last night's prices.
California dried fruits continued dull and fea
tureless, i
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. I
4* 3 <i5c; prime, 5%iS6c; choice. 6^ilg7c; fancy, i
' 'CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@Tc per
pound, as to size and qua'aty.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll^Hc; Moorpark. 15@
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled. lSfiCOc; unpeeled. 7ff3c.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. May 25.— The cotton market
opened steadier in tone with nearer options
10© 16 points higher and. the new crop positions
7912 points higher on a flurry o? general buy
ing led by local Sfcorts. Buying orders of con
siderable importance were received from Eu
rope. After the call the market eased off under
selling- from New Orleana. The market for
futures closed steady, with prices net 3 to 12
points higher.
imports and Exports at New York.
NEW TORK. May 26. — Imports of specie this
week were J22.59S gold and S59.831 silver. Ei
ports of gold and silver from this port to all
the countries for thie week aggregate JSS0.260
! in silver bars and coin and $1,47S,020 in gold.
i The imports of dry good* and merchandise at
I the port of New York for this week were :
j valued at *9,7C8,416.
Nrju York Metal Market.
\ NEW YORK, May 25.— The brokers' price for
; copper is Jlfi C0®16 62H: casting copper <15 75. j
New York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Bank clearings shozv a gain over last year.
Light trading yesterday in local stocks and bonds.\
Wheat end Barley futures loner. Other cereals unchanged.
Old Hay firm; new Hay not wanted.
All Feedstuff s and Millsiuffs stand as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Butter dull, Cheese steadier and Eggs cleaning up somewhat..
Moderate arrivals of Eastern Poultry for to-morrow.
Fruits continue to bring good prices.
Provisions reported unchanged and extremely dull.
Hides weak at a further slight decline. ¦.•'
~Mczt market well stocked and unchanged.
Prunes somewhat higher, with decreasing stocks.
Is In excess of 17 per cent; fully op to the
?^^1 - , f0 , r **• year - Tbt «trong position of
the banks' liabilities l. the fact that they
have outstanding sterling loans In large
amounts, and In case a sudden demand arose
Ujere would be no difficulty In securing as
much money from abroad as was needed
despite the fact that the movement of specie
is now in the opposite direction. The gold
export problem is not regarded as important
and outward consignments la«t week are looked
upon as special transactions more than any
thing else.
London Market.
NEW YORK. May 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were stagnant to-day, though
funds were harder: Americans were mostly
uno>r a shade of parity, but with little or
nothing doing In them, the market being de
serted. Tintos were heavy, Paris offering
freely.
CLOSING.
Atchlson. 25«i; Canadian Pacific, 83*i; Union
Pacific preferred. 75'f. Northern Pacific pre
rerred, ,C\; Grand Trunk, "4; Anaconda, h%.
Bar ¦!lver, eteady, 2"%d per ounce. Money.
1*4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
75c@$l for Seedlings and S5c@U for Royals.
APPLES— Green Apples, 50®75c per box for
email and $1 50 for Red Astrachans, large
PEARS— Madeline, In large boxes, *1©1 25; In
small boxe«, 75c per box. •
PLUMS-Clymans, 75c#n 25 per box and crate.
Cherry Plums, 35@50c -for drawers and 60c for
STRAWBERRIES— $S@«* per chest for large
and $7(510 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 3@4c per lb for common
and 6S8c per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES — $7® 10 Der chest; New
castle, Der crate.
BLACKBERRIES— I10S12' per chest; from
Fresno, II per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— *6©10 per cheat.
' CURRANTS— S2@4 per chest.
FIGS— From Palm Springs, W per box for
black and »2 for white; from Arizona, Jl S0@2
per box.
PEACHES— «te@ll per box.
CHERRIES— 30® 40c per box rcr red and white
and 35360c for black: Royal Anne, 50@75c. In
bulk, 3<g-5c for black and 2g3Hc per lb for white,
and 5@6c for Royal Anne. Receipts were 43S2
/CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 5002 73
per box; Seedlings, Jl@l 75; Valencia*. J3@3 50;
Lemons, Jl@l SO . for common and J25J2 50 for
Food to choice: Mexican Limes, $4@5; Ba
nanas, J2g 3 per bunch; Pineapples, S3 50JJ4 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
» — : —
Prunes are firm at the Blight Improvement In
prices noted below. Slocks are steadily dimin
ishing. Other descriptions are unchanged. No
definite prices for new Fruits have ye£__been
made, thcugh there is tome nibbling at Apri
cots.
DRIED FRUITS— Prune*, in sacks, 4©4^c
for 40-DO's. 3>i@3?ic for 50-60' s. 3U©3&c for
60-70' s. 2®3Uc for 70-S0*s, 2%@3c for S0-90 f s
and fH©2*fcc for 90-100's: Apricots. 99 10c
for Royals and lOSUc for Moorparks;
Peaches. 44@4*-;c for Standards, Be for choice
and S'fcS'Co for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
sni^c; Evaporated Apples, EVs@6c; Sun-dried,
3@4c per lb; Pears. 3Vi(S*He for dark and 7@8c
for bright halves: Black Figs. l*4@2c: White
Figs, SSf'Jc; Bleached Plums, "He; unbleached
Plums. 6c for pitted and l*4c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c: chejic?, 0c: standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached' Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SVic; choice, 7V4c; standard, 6V4o;
prime, Ec; unbleached Sultanas, Ec; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
S-crotvn, CVic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 .'0 per box; 8-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. S3. AH
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S®?c for Standards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almonds, ll'i@12c for paper
shell, 9@10e for soft and 4SJ5C for hardshell:
Peanuts. £=i®6 x ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: trazli Nuts. 7\ifi&c; Filberts. lSiglTVxc;
Pecans. Il!gl3c; Cocoanuts, $4 Efrgo.
I1OXEY— Comb^imSlSc for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted. V*c;
light amber extracted, *H@7c; dark, 6ViS6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Trade In reported excessively dull at un
changed quotations.
CURED MEATS— B^con. lie per lb for heavy.
lie for light medium, l!c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14Uc for sugar cured": Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13"*Q14c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbi: extra Mess, $13: Family, J14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 5G'«15; extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
I Smoked Beef. 12^9 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7gSe per lb for com
pound and S'i^Se for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Uc- 10-lb tins, «*4c: 5-lb tins. 10V»c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, S*4@SHc per lb; half
barrels. S*i33%c; 10-!b tins, 9>ic
Hides," Tallow, Wool and Hops.
ll'.aes continue to shade off under a poor de
mand and accumulating stocks.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cills and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9S9'ic; light, JtfSiAe;
Cowhides. SUP'.ic; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9c;
Calf 10c: Dry Hides, sound, ISc; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry
Calf, l-'c: Sheepskins, Shearlings, 20-B35C
• each: short Wool. Co"ti60c each; medium, 705 30c:
ilong'woml, fUflSO each; Horse Hides, $2^2 E0 :
for Irrree and "rictfTJl t.0 for small: Colts, 25<3
j&c. Deerskins — Summer cr red skins, 40c; fall
cr medium sk'r.s, 35c; winter or thin ekins, JOc.
Goatskins — Prime Angcraa, 73c; large and
tmoot!). iOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, lc per lb; No. 2,
4£4V-rc: reflr.erf. Cc; greasja, 2H®"3c.
) WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
i Northern free. l. r .H&17c; Northern defective. 13
I BlSe; Middle County, free. lGS17c; Middle
i County, defective. 13S?r»c; Southern Mountain,
i 12 tncnthx' 12'S13c; Sjuthern Mountain, . free,
7 months'. ll©13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive. 7- months'. 10^?12c; Humbcldt and Mendo
dno. 20(&2lc; Nevada, 14®17c per lb.
HOPS — Nominal at 6<Sllc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change in prices. Stocks
of everything are sufficient, but not excessive.
BEEF— ZQ6\~c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, €®7c; small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V4®7c; ewes. CfljG^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. Se per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, £»4©5T»c for small and
medium and 5%®i*»c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. E^S^c; dressed Hogs, 7gSVxc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, 15 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Uc; Wool Bags, 2SH@S27ic;
Fleece Twine. "Vic.
COAL— Wellington. tS per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southneld "Wellington. $S; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $8; Ca
operative Wallsend, IS; Cumberland, 112 in
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton- Coke. $16
per ton in bulk and $1S In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
SUGAR— The Western Sucrar Refining Com
pany quotes per !b in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A,
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.C0c; Powdered.
5.20c; Candy Granulated. 5.20c; Dry Granu
lated, 5.10c: Confectioners" A, 5.10c; Magnol'a
A, 4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Golden C, 4.»0c: bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes,
60c more; &0-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnoa. half-barrels, 5.85c; boxes, 6.10c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR BATURDAY, MAT 26.
Flour, qr sks ... 20,380 [Sugar, sks £00
Wheat, ctls 5,450 Sugar, bbls 140
Barley, ctls 6.4S0 Fusar. tons SO
Oats, ctls 110 Hay. tons 29?
Corn, ctls 165 Straw, tons 39
Cheese, ctls 139|Llme, bbls 1*2
1 Butter, ctls 526 j Wool, Bkf 154
Tallow. ctl9 233 i Pelts, bdls 863
Potatoes, sks ... 3,u31 Hides, no 702
Onions, sks 9S6 lUggs. doz 26.610
Bran, sks 1,225 Leather, rolls ... 124
Middlings, ska .. 2,5?0 Wine, gals 67.100
steer*. 15 1005 70: poor to medium. {4 40$4 90;
selected feeders, 14 40S5 10: mixed Btockers.
$3 75@4 25; cows, *3 lOtg-4 60; heifers, S3 35»Ef5:
canners, J2 40@3: bulls, $2 9064 40; calves. Ji@
C 75. Texans— Receipts for week, 2J>00; Texas
fed steers, *4@4 13: Texas bulls, J3 S5@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16.000; to-morrow,
33.000, estimated; left over. 1500; generally 5c
lower: top, $5 35: mixed and butchers, ti 0i@
C 85: good to choice heavy, $5 20<gS 35; rough
heavy. J5 P505 1".: light, 15 O5©5 30; bulk Of
sales. $5 22H&5 27H.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; sheep and lambs.
Blow; good to choice wethers, {4 SOS'S 25; fair to
choice mixed, $4 S5@4 75; Western sheep, J4 75®
5 25: yearlings. J5 25515 50; native lambs. S5 500
7; Western lambs, JSQ-7; spring lambs, 14 25<j|
7 E0.
California Fruit Sales.
JTEW TORK. May 28.— Earl Prnlt Company's
sales California fruit:
CHERRIES— Royal Anne." $2 6(V33 70 per box;
Centennial. $1 4063 87%: Tartarians, 20c@S3 £0.
Porter Bros. Company's sales:
CHEHRIES— Royal Anne. $3 B0 per box; Cen
tennials. *2 15©2 25; Tartarians, 50c@$2 35; Pur
ity. $1 90; Knights. 65c; Blgarreaus. 50c; Su
perior, 40c. Two cars sold.
Portland's Business.
1
PORTLAND. Or.. May 28.— Clearings, $223.
894; balances, $47,631
Northern Wheat Market.
~~ OREGON'.
PORTLAND. Or., May 26.— WHEAT— Dull
and Inactive: Walla Walla, ugilc; valley, Jl
@E2c; blue stem. E4ff*oc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. May 28.— There was no
change in grain quotations to-day. Blue 6tem.
E4c; club, Elc; both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 26.— Consols, 101 7-16; silver.
27-3(1. Wheat cargoes on passage, easier and
neglected: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Hay 26.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California. 6s Id<g6s 2d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, eteady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, o l-82d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Fret, dull: No. 1 California, 6s ldft
6s "d- No. 1 Northern spring. 5s 9V»d. Futures,
nominal: July. 5s S ! id; September, 5s 7%d.
CORN— Spot., quiet; American mixed, new, 4s
Kd. Futures, nominal; «Tuly, Cs 9^jd; Septem
ber. Ss 9\A. .
I FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
"hops- (At London)— Pacific Coast, steady,
£2 i:s'tf£3 15b.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1900.
TO SAIL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
31
Steamer Movements.
ARTICLES
I Open. I High
Lov.
ICloee.
— — 1 ,.
I \
Wheat No. 2— !
May '. €6H C6H
July 67li 67H
Corn No. 2 —
May 8«H S«H
July S7\; S7'. t
Srf-ptMnber 87% • 37=i
Oats No. i—
May 21U I1V
July 21^ ?1H
September 20 1 ,, 20^
Mes9 pork, bbl —
July 11 40 11 40
Larfl. 100 lbs—
July « S74 « 90
September 6 87^ 6 !»0
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
July 6 E5 €55
September 6 65 | 6 hi
\. 65tti €6H
67 . C7
X6'4 36'.;
36%i 36'i,
SiH 87»i
2iu n*4
:oy 2&h
11 824 11 ZT^Jt
« M^ 1 6 824
« E2H 6 SSVit
< CO 6 £0
6 tO H SO
'.
!pm"
Flour, barrels % 1J.O0O
tV'h<»at, bushels 36.000
?orn. bushels S23.000
">at». bushels S50.000
Rye bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 25,000
7.000
2.000
29.000
148.000
"7.'666
Eteaajer.
From.
I Due.
Tellua ,. Oyster Harbor •."... .|May 27
Washtenaw .... Tacoma ..— May S7
Tellus Oy«ter Harbor - illay 27
Corona San liiego May 27
Queen Victoria & Png-et Soua4.May 27
Bristol Oyster Hartor _.. May Ti
Empire Coos Bay jMay S3
Gaelic China and Japan......... May 23
Bonita Newport — May 23
Curacao Mexico.-- May 23
Willamette Seattle -.—. May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 29
State of Cal Orepon Ports May JO
Luxor Hamburg „ May S)
Titanta. |Xana»mo May 30
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Crescent City... Crescent City May SI
Progreso Tacoma iMay $1
Matteawan Tacoma May 31
Pomona |Humbolcit May Jl
Mariposa Sydney „.. June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria. & Pnget Sound June l
Coos Bay Newport June- 1
Point Arena — fMendocino... ".... June «1
Del Norte Oreeon Port*..... Juce l
City of Sydney. Panama June 1
Robt. Adamson. Xanaimo Jane 1
Mackinaw Seattle Jane 1
Wellington Oyster Harbor June 1
North Fork HumboJdt „ Juno S
Cojumbia Portland..... juao 4
Steaiaer.
itlnation. I
Bills.
Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport..^.. MaVn, I am Pltr n
Colon Piaaa* Majf 2J, XX a PM33
Columbia .. Portland Mar 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena — Point Arana.. May 23, S pmiPler a
I*. Mariscal Mexico May 2*. tpaPttrU
Poaon* — Humboldt..... May fcS, f pa P!«r 9
City PeUnc Cfcina £. Japan May ». 1 pmiPMSS
Corona San Vitgo May 23. 11 am Plsr U
Nona Fork-iHusiblodt May 2M1 n Pl«r >
Noyo Caps Nome.™ May Zi. l;m Plar 1
Arcata ICoos Bay Mar *>. 12 mjPlor li
Australia .. Honolulu...... May 80. 2 pj2iPl«r t
Humboldt .(Cape Xoina May SO. lpr=!P!er»
Bonlta INewport May H. lamlPltrll
City Puebla Vic & Pjt Bd. May SI. 11 ain'Pler t
JCewbur» ... Grays Harbor May S3. 5 pin ...__
State of Cal Portland June 3, 11 am Pier t*
Santa Iloaa. San Dlesro June I. 11 a=. Plar 11
S*a Joae.... Cap* Nonia,... Tana 3. ....«.[...«...
Del >»orte...:Or«ffoa Porta. Jun« i, ...~~\. ..*„..
ARTICLES
I Open. I High
Lov.
ICloee.
— — 1 ,.
I \
Wheat No. 2— !
May '. €6H C6H
July 67li 67H
Corn No. 2 —
May 8«H S«H
July S7\; S7'. t
Srf-ptMnber 87% • 37=i
Oats No. i—
May 21U I1V
July 21^ ?1H
September 20 1 ,, 20^
Mes9 pork, bbl —
July 11 40 11 40
Larfl. 100 lbs—
July « S74 « 90
September 6 87^ 6 !»0
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
July 6 E5 €55
September 6 65 | 6 hi
\. 65tti €6H
67 . C7
X6'4 36'.;
36%i 36'i,
SiH 87»i
2iu n*4
:oy 2&h
11 824 11 ZT^Jt
« M^ 1 6 824
« E2H 6 SSVit
< CO 6 £0
6 tO H SO
'.
!pm"
Flour, barrels % 1J.O0O
tV'h<»at, bushels 36.000
?orn. bushels S23.000
">at». bushels S50.000
Rye bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 25,000
7.000
2.000
29.000
148.000
"7.'666
Eteaajer.
From.
I Due.
Tellua ,. Oyster Harbor •."... .|May 27
Washtenaw .... Tacoma ..— May S7
Tellus Oy«ter Harbor - illay 27
Corona San liiego May 27
Queen Victoria & Png-et Soua4.May 27
Bristol Oyster Hartor _.. May Ti
Empire Coos Bay jMay S3
Gaelic China and Japan......... May 23
Bonita Newport — May 23
Curacao Mexico.-- May 23
Willamette Seattle -.—. May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 29
State of Cal Orepon Ports May JO
Luxor Hamburg „ May S)
Titanta. |Xana»mo May 30
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Crescent City... Crescent City May SI
Progreso Tacoma iMay $1
Matteawan Tacoma May 31
Pomona |Humbolcit May Jl
Mariposa Sydney „.. June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria. & Pnget Sound June l
Coos Bay Newport June- 1
Point Arena — fMendocino... ".... June «1
Del Norte Oreeon Port*..... Juce l
City of Sydney. Panama June 1
Robt. Adamson. Xanaimo Jane 1
Mackinaw Seattle Jane 1
Wellington Oyster Harbor June 1
North Fork HumboJdt „ Juno S
Cojumbia Portland..... juao 4
Steaiaer.
itlnation. I
Bills.
Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport..^.. MaVn, I am Pltr n
Colon Piaaa* Majf 2J, XX a PM33
Columbia .. Portland Mar 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena — Point Arana.. May 23, S pmiPler a
I*. Mariscal Mexico May 2*. tpaPttrU
Poaon* — Humboldt..... May fcS, f pa P!«r 9
City PeUnc Cfcina £. Japan May ». 1 pmiPMSS
Corona San Vitgo May 23. 11 am Plsr U
Nona Fork-iHusiblodt May 2M1 n Pl«r >
Noyo Caps Nome.™ May Zi. l;m Plar 1
Arcata ICoos Bay Mar *>. 12 mjPlor li
Australia .. Honolulu...... May 80. 2 pj2iPl«r t
Humboldt .(Cape Xoina May SO. lpr=!P!er»
Bonlta INewport May H. lamlPltrll
City Puebla Vic & Pjt Bd. May SI. 11 ain'Pler t
JCewbur» ... Grays Harbor May S3. 5 pin ...__
State of Cal Portland June 3, 11 am Pier t*
Santa Iloaa. San Dlesro June I. 11 a=. Plar 11
S*a Joae.... Cap* Nonia,... Tana 3. ....«.[...«...
Del >»orte...:Or«ffoa Porta. Jun« i, ...~~\. ..*„..
AUCTION SALES
EXTRA FINE AUCTION SALE
Qt Elegant FURNITURE. CARPETS and
BABY GRAND STEINWAY PUXO.
Oa TUESDAY, May », 1300. at. 10:30 a. in..
At No. 1419 GEARY ST.. near Laguna,
San Francisco.
By order of J. I3AACSON 1 , Esq.. on account of
leaving for Europe. I am instructed, to »ell the
clega&t Furniture of this »-room dwelling,
containing a great assortment of costly orna-
mental and useful Furniture, an extended list
of which la advertised In to-day's Chroniclt.
M. MARCUSE, Auctioneer. I
€30 Market «t., San FranciacoJ
114 Broadway. Oakland.
£aj AUCTION SALE! £*
Two carloads of well-bred, gentle, broke
HORSES from HUSEMAN STOCK FARM. Si»-
kiyou County. A trial of 24 hours given ail
purchasers. Sale takea place
MONDAY MORXIN'0 May 23. tSO«
At 11 o'clock.
Th* highest bidder the buyer, regardless of
price. Stock is now at aalesyard.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-73 Howard Street, near Third.
WILLIAM Q. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
£** fe ¦ fe&
MO>TDAT. May tS. at 1:30 o'clock p. to..
At EWITZER'S SALES YARDS, Twelfth and
Harrison sts..
I will sen 11 head of HEAVY DRAUGHT
HOF.SE3. suitable far contractors or ranca
wcrk: also 23 head of Horses, suitable far all
purposes. This stock must b# soli.
8. WaTKINS. Austloaecr.
OfSco— Twelfth and Harrison Bts.Herman B. Goecken Did Not Appear for a Hundred- Yard
; Dash With "Cy" Lauder at the
Hay Exchange.
DEALERS IN HAY FAIL TO
BRING OFF A FOOT RACE
In Memory of I>ead Firemen.
W. Kennard 1. l.re.ldSntf'wffSit^K
Alice Fleming, who resides on Clemen
tina street, between Fifth and Sixth, ap
peared yesterday before Judge Mogan on
a charge of disturbing the peace. Her
husband locked her out on Friday night
and while- she- was trying to batter down
the- door 1 Policeman T. P. Riqrdan han
pened on the scene.- She resented the offi
cer's 'interference and struck him with
her clenched fists. Her .husband, came to
the officer's assistance and she turned on
him like a tigress. She was convicted and
ordered to appear to-morrow for sen
Alice Was Full of Fight
A benefit. entertainment was 'given last
night at Metropolitan: Temple: under the
auspices of the Catholic' Ladies' Aid So
ciety. A large audience was present to
testify its appreciation of -the noble work
(n which the organization is engaged— that
of relieving distressed families. . y ' - V
Mrs. Margaret Deane read the quarterly
financial report, in which it was .shown
that the twenty-six branches, of the so
ciety, which are located in .various cities
throughout this State, have expended a
total. of. $1623 C4 during three, months. Feb
ruary; March aiid April. In that time 281
families in distress were relieved, compris
ing a total of S2S members; 1C01' visits had
been made'and 2665 pieces of clothing had
been distributed. The total receipts were
N>31a 01. The membership has increased to
Mrs.;Deane made a felicitous speech, in
which, she; thanked those present, for the
kindly, interest manifested In ; the work.'
She stated that the society dispensed
charity without regard ¦ to creed or . na
tionality.; and (the; funds were \ gathered
An Interesting Illustrated lecture
Entitled "A Visit to Ireland"
Delivered by Mrs. Hattie
B. Steele.
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
Makes Report- of Its
Good Work.
URGE SUMS OF
MONEY USED FOR
CHARITY'S SAKE
largely from dues paid by members. Twice
a. year an appea! was made to the chari
table people to assist In a benefit, and the
¦response nad always been most generous,
for which the society was deeply appre
ciative. »
An Illustrated lecture entitled "A Visit
to Ireland" was delivered by Mrs. Hattie
B. Steele. The beautiful places of interest
In. the green isle were exhibited by fine
stereopticon views. Among the points
shown were the cities of Queenstown,
Limerick and Cork, the Lakes of Killarney,
the blarney stone. Eagles' Xest Mountain
and others. Mrs. Steele's descriptions
were quaintly humorous and her lecture
was attended with the. deepest "intense in
terest throughout.
William J. O'Brien's sweet tenor voice
was heard to advantage in "The Beautiful
Isle of the Sea" and '.'The Four-Leaf
Clover." Miss May Code sang "The Meet
ing of the Waters" and "Kathleen Ma
vourneen." Miss Mary Giorgianl played
an organ solo of popular Irish airs, and
the recitation of "Pat's Invitation to the
Dance." by Mrs. Deane, rounded out a
splendid programme.
The officers of the society are: Grand
president. Mrs. Margaret Deane; grand se
nior vice president. Miss Marcella Fitz
gerald of Gilroy; grand Junior vice presi
dent, Mrs. M. T. Dorsey of San Luis Obis
no; grand secretary and treasurer, Miss
Margaret Curtis; grand deputy. Miss Mary
Garetv; grand directors. Mrs. M. Deane,
Mrs. O. C. Kirk, Mrs. W. Malloy. Miss
Bessie Gallagher. Mrs. D. R. Laogier, Mrs.
M. H. Smith, Mrs. S. McFadden, Miss
Mary Tuite. Dr. Elizabeth Lynch, Mrs.
E. J. Thomas and Mrs. E. It. Stevenot.
will try and excuse every comrade who is
a member of the department. The Ex
empt Fire Company and Sons -of Exenapt
will also be present. ,
firemen's plat In Laurel Hill Cemetery for
the purpose of decorating with flowers the
graves of departed chiefs, officers and
comrades. Ex-Judge Robert Ferral will
speak and Captain Samuel McDowell will
tell why Memorial day should be perpetu
ated. Chief Sullivan win be present He
North Haven, Me., has a 123-year-c!J
apple tree.
Teacher— Who was the first man. Tom
my? Tommy— George Washington. He
was first in war. first in peace and first
in . Teacher (Interrupting)— No, no;
Adam was the first man. Tommy— Oh,
well, if you are going to ring In foreign
ers. I suppose he was.
Mrs. Mary Dalrymple, a nurse 63 years
of age. died yesterday at her residence,
llir^-s Ellis street, from on overdose of
laudanum, taken. It Is supposed, acciden
tally. £he had been using the laudanum
for stomach troubles. lier husband died
about three weeks ago. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
Nurse's Death From Poison.
The post has accepted an Invitation
from the United Presbyterian Church of
Alameda to attend Its services In a body.
Members of the garrison will meet at a"1
cazar building Wednesday morning 1 , at
S:'JO o'clock. " ,
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 101
of Cass Post will participate In the pa
rade on Memorial day on Invitation of
the committee.
Cass Post Memorial Service.
Hospital Interne Stricken.
Dr. A. D. S. McCoy, an interne of the
City and County Hospital, underwent an
operation Wednesday at the Lane Hos
pital for appendicitis. The young physi
cian was taker, ill while attending to his
duties last Sunday at the County Hos
pital. Drs. Rixford and Phillips per
tormed the operation. At last accounts
the patient was fioinj? well.
Alcalde Drill Corps.
The Alcalde drill corps, composed of
members of Alcalde Parlor, N. S. G. \V..
which proposes to cut quite a figure In
DIRECTORS TO CHOOSE
PERMANENT OFFICERS
Preliminary Heeting cf the Califor
nia Republican Association
Held Last Xight.
In response to a circular letter, calling
for the formation of nn organization to be
known nj* the "California Republican
.Association." there was quite a larpe
gathering last eight In the Mills building.
Gfcorse IX Squires presided over tho.
p-.-iThf rinrr and a. H Merrill acted as sec
retary. The committee, con^ipting of
Frank McGorcan, W. 'A. Tiffany and
2'rank French, appointed to formulate a
plan for a pcrmam :T;t organization, eub
iruttrd resolutions providing that eleven
<3irr>ctors be chosen who should select the
¦ .trier?, and the committee recommended
the following named as directors:
The report was adopted and the meeting
adjourned subject to the call of the chair.
Gwirf D. Pquirc*. J. W. Harris. George n.
Fletcher. Davis Louderhack. C. F. McCarthy,
M. D. : Lucius L. Solomons; H. T. Seott, A. B.
Trttman, \V. B. OfTey, M. D.; 11. E. Holmes
and Charles Sonntag.
the semi-centennial celebration of the ad
mission of California into the Union, will
give its first anniversary ball in Native
Sons' Hall on the 27th of next June, This
o.'Tshoot of the parlor numbers twenty
five and is in charge of John Staude as
captain, W. J. Davis secretary and B.
Korten treasurer.
"He's over in the lot being rubbed
down." volunteered Fred Lauterwasser,
but nobody took him seriously.
Mr. Lauder claimed the stakes on the
ground that he was ready to keep his part
of the agreement, and should not be kept
on training diet for another week, to his
great mental and bodily anguish. In the
meantime word was received from Mr.
Goecken to the effect that his horse had
stepped on him. As he was disabled all
bets were declared off, and Mr. Algel
tinger retired from the business of match
ing sprinters.
"Where is Goecken?" was the question
President "VY. A. Miller put to the crowd
after the auction sale for the day was
ended.
For days past the men who deaj in hay
have been all worked up over a proposed
100-yaru foot race between Mr. Goecken.
a 250-pounder. and "Cy" Lauder, who is
ethereal looking notwithstanding his eix
foot stature. Mr. Lauder was on hand
early yesterday, as trim looking as one
of "Bob" Farmer's crack greyhounds. The
dealers In hay felt of his muscles and pro
nounced him fit to run for a kingdom.
BECAUSE a hcrse stepped on Kcr
mars B. Goockon the members nf
the Hay Dt-aJers* Board of Trade
wore d^-niivod of the pleasure yes
terdajr at witnossir..? a foot race, on which
ihry h:irj vasered various small cold bot
xU-f. to say nothing of b.a!es of hay ¦with
out number. Ex-Supervisor Aigeltinger
enclneered the affair, and when one of the
principals failed to put in an appearance
he escaped, accompanied by a pale.' intel-
U-otual looking caricaturist, v.ho had been
bU!=y study!njr the facts of Mr. -Aigel
tinger's associates.
Well-Kncwn Dealers Waiting for the Sprinters to Appear.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MA Y 27. 1900.
32
I Yonr Next Pair of Shoes I
. SHOULD BE NAMED |
j There's nothing so comfortable »
! ns an old shoe, except it be fig
I , "A combination of common 1
j sense, science and. beauty. 1
i Forty styles of Oxfords and 1 •
t Shoes in Patent leather, Box |
j< Calf, Bussia Calf and Vici Kid, jJ
( either in Black or Tan, Heavy I
c or Light Soles. . |
J We prepay delivery charges a
to any point in United States. H
Price, the world over — Eg
d Vvll I
Sold exclusively at H.
50 THIRD STREET, 1
Second Ehee Steri from Market, j §1
SAN FRANCISCO. s H
Illustrated Catalogue Mailed Free. M
€
While the demand is still at its height we have I
decided to make j|
REDUCTIONS 1
. . «
so that -the greatest number can benefit by them. J
c
Black and Navy CHEVIOT TAILOR SUITS, lined j
throughout; very latest box jacket and new skirt, fl
reduced from $7.^0. ' \
i
Gray Homespun ETON JACKET AND SKIRT, lined \
throughout, this season's goods, reduced from.^io <
Black. Tsn, Navy, Invisible Checks, LADIES' TAILOR «
SUiTS. Eton and box jacket,' lined throughout \
with taffeta silk, and verv latest style in skirts, \
some beautifully appliqued, some with velvet «
revers, reduced from $22.^0. \
. <
c
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. \
' • " ¦ c
Hale's. I Hale's. :''%¦ | Hale's. | Hale's. '
we are having at Hale's a pood-natured game of see-saw, the builders of our new store are doingtheir.best to break records in modern store building,
as the new store, goes up the stocks in every department of our old store must come down — that's the frame of see-saw. as the building goes uo the
payroll .goes up in sympathy, but in order that pur stocks shall get reduced prices must be reduced, here's a picture of our new store as it appears to-
day, how different it will be for us to work on four or five floors when we have been cooped up in one! when we started in 'frisco we had SJj feet
Ay front and 43 employes: our# business now demands more help than this in two of our sixteen separate and distinct departments, once we sold dry-
goods (as our old sign says); now we sell enamelware, baby buggies, leather goods, soap, crockery, refrigerators, garden hose, celery phosphate
and florida water, perfumery • Dr. Dei- »¦ we sell trunks for paris. telescope bas-
mel's linen mesh underwear; we outfit . .;.y..; -l^W kets for yosemite, alligator bags for the
babies, we provide wedding trousseaux, mmt^fff^^ -^ lawyer, flags for the patriotic, kites for
funeral robes, christening; requisites. .*JlPV\Tt , ¦^'i-l— a*** * the boys, hammock? for the en^n^o !.
fhnfQ (decoration day necessaries and , -f | c\ is a storeio^the whole family, in all
6x9^ in., dor.. .ioc p§* j V 1 /R I TW^AnUs!^ v^N exceptional values
(one of the most fath- ¦ Jkj-hrJtbiTii<Jtri<> is bf*'n$ bui/t by Ffele £ir&£hens(Inc.); g^ rQW co I ore( j an( |
Q^^tS ; n os trich fen WC are cramped for Pjiffl ff ac "* / but in lX / JJ A ¦ ~~j from the latest -O -^
|^| ther'boas. |n black [%**»» Qur old store: t MS store nuJloaiorJ'Znl C" £/^>
.v*z* witu \,i eye icioc cubing* • . • . m , . .Ipl.50
®v we place on sale (a midsummer sale of unusual opportunities in view of vacation needs.) o dozen ladies'
v— aBS5@^\^\ thirty ladies ,. . -«. v ««*.».»» «ww
gSgr^i walkine hats iust Sj?P>^ 35 ladies trimmed /^ s JO6>r „? tO v Caf
from our work- S^jY?^ , h . ats ' dr aped after, rW^'^^K 3O. children's trim- «^^^ walkinsr hats
B^^XrW rnnin- ovorv h-it /"'/>^>'/^<}> lhc Prevailmj: mode /Wt^^MyS med leEhorn. milan f^SS^^^/ 7 velvet band, and
3^mW^ modeled af?er$1 M&^St in straws > mou " e - 4%^N and chi P siraw P^^ qui!1 trimmin ff .
W^&8&$ models - similar B^^^^Mff hne , de u s ° ie a » (1 A\S$SK\ W® hatS> thc po ° uIar &0Z=zigS§s8 COl ° r3 , *J- a *'
to those seen in W$^5s^i$& tucked chiffon; the /^^-W^# m °P shape. trim- fe^ir^^^ navy and white. .
m£&@£M, illustrations 1.5 W^^§^m v Reneral * ffec !, - an $$&&%?£' me ?r w ? h flo r rs W*w^
&¦£?; 5^ Mff onrl -• hits trim- <s^ <^^^eM\ «e seen in design ttQ^p^£f#- and feathers. ...$2.15 ;J~ , ...
A- 3 'uS number .i......$3.4S ' |^ Sen's untrhn-
\%tt Sffct"?' flSlvS. :^-JF fdSipi^ f\fe^ mothers a midsum- <C^W J SlS'i^^sSS?
X^^V buckles, straws. N^/l Wi&jVVi h^i tner hat for the chil- >& \ rou^h sfraws*
<tv\f no t^ <s2 braids, tuscan ef- £fr /m w »C^^1v rCn> a , sweetly jr^/' \ rr«?uhrlv worth
stjle no. 1. 52. . fect5 and black 0^W §JL " Pretty and season- -, I -Tin A ?i ?-
t V ' et: - T° Ur style no. 5, $2.00. style no. a. $4-95- trimmed . , e no ; $ g !??......&
choice of any -rryte"ffl51-^ • . as shown in resign
one $zoo <SOS£ip^ we also olace on W>*^& " we offer 'M £fhMn
also we offer (^^0T sale 25 ladies' hats. M <»W about 10 dozen S\ 16 dozen Q£*CQ?PSsQr>
about . .30 dozen *A - trimmed as shown «S\ . ~ V^ ready, to wear hats r^/frrl bunches t^^&^X^Z
black IcRhorn "\^ QkfJ in sketch no. 2; V / for children, some WEj f of \io /^S^H^TTO
hats at/ ?S C ,^Wjr ele 5 ant . desi^' M trimmed with vel-,£^^J*k , c t s ,
\Ls^~.^i made after much .-A^_K vet folds and ro- f-yj^T-i-f^^J-, e i t h rr / *^Cv>,%H^^"V J -D
* ° S % S/h*^ more expensive X ,,0^^ sette. others ribbon white or
known McCall pa- . . models; every hat <^?& band and quills; <^2T?jfc^ p u t vie
per patterns (at '-/ made in our own . $ colors red. white. tI 6 $1 4S 6 dozen Sp^^Oh i*i^y
pattern dept) style no. 8, 65c. workroom ... .$4.Q5 "yw ««• 7, 52.00. Wue and brown . Wc style no. 0, ° . ooz^n
,1 . ... (see how fine they are in department about 15 dozen leghorn hats reduced ; n Mr u : ,-v^
cloak and suit department and window.) to .._ »c {.VS 11/ SoS
#iPlp in the popular third aisle tffi* ¦ &Mk ,
front and back; flare O00 yards. unbleached sheeting, double colored organdies, 30 inches wide, in £ d ° ZCn bunches of forget-me-nots |
J^As^^ cutts; in black and t, ec j w}^^ 86 inches, an extra heavy plain colors, pink, blue, red, lavender. ••¦••• qc
/Wf M$/M~\ C0 S i I'- h 1 Quality per yard 20c canary ioc ...f,,..,,, J----1-...1
Wmm\MWZ«*> 0& "5to— napkins, i inches ?%,}>"« Ch « k ™™° k - f
lif] hibi V $50 ° e °?! 0 !. h^^ P##ffiliili Z*V*j& s %
iMy /wrannPrQ stripes and checks ioc urserv /Kto^WM
/ Pfia Hl Jcld 1500 pair cotton, blankets, in white 2400 pillow cases, bleached, size 4.5x36 Q wder 1 , xjuujxflM
i^**H / k ladies' percale house and gray; direct from the mills: these inches, made from remnants, two-inch f or t jj e
if « A-/ \ wrappers, body are in all sizes and weights suitable for hem 12V2C 5 a b v |ftmM\w^
(/ {J ' lined, braid trimmed, camping or ironing blankets; per pair.. /"^ an d the <^^BjjWP^-*V^*)P^
with ruffle or plain; $2.00, $1.65, $1.25, $r.oo and 75c nroch cHrtc V=Uf toilet ~<5*W&&ltf}£s^
deep flounce, in me- 1 • I lllflOll OMI 10 J? 1QC — -S^^>>^
dium shades; sizes (jy|"|3|J] S8l6 5 dozen crash &&R Richard Hudnut's white lilac and
'32 to 44 • ...$1.25 . ' walking skirts. VP^Y peau d'espagne and white iris per-.
(sale of jackets to-day.) 107 pair of ecru and &lp) 1 ?1 full width and (I I A \ fumery per oz. 50c
white nottineham }$$J'<i\\ length 50c <s^=C/ | bramble rose sachet per oz. ioc
18 dozen per- curtains. 3 yards long \W\Wlh K 6 dozen ladies' I Ml I velvet sponges for putting on liquid
cale shirt waists, . /^> k by 36 inches wide; $-X(&tf%Mif® crash walking / U powder. ioc
with laundered neat patterns: per ae-D-jUf / )lWJ. skirts. trimmed ||j)j \)\ powder boxes •••••• •• IOC
collars and W J «j/' D air K/P.O^T JN^lbP with 3 rows whits J M ' \ violet almond meal for sunburn.. 2$c
cuffs some with ............... feji pique, with box Ik] \ Bailey's rubber complexion brushes
french backs. lappett swiss cur- Ml- f \jMf pleat back ....95c If i\ for a pure skin , 25c
others with 0&ffM%&k tains, in small and >/// VvfeU 5 dozen crash ////,/ \ . Allen s florida water .15c
yoke- backs, all J§a£iife8Cffl£!P§ medium dots and /[ I | V?.g'/ ' skirts. with ap- /Jtt \ \ violet and white rose soap t;c
colors 50c jTBOSSSr^ ' nce str >' Des ' .1 'yards a. c.( / wfl-^ plique front and. /J/0 \^2K Hudnut's white rose per-
/ /wSmfSS \ lon K by 40 inchest >->> I Ulr back, with white \Y^b^=^\!A^y fume now so much in favor^
ladies' 2-piece VWH? // wide Sl.OO^-^^^— pique $1-50 V^^^^ A -^ .....per 02. SOC
bathirtg suits, in \™h/ Colgate s sachet, _ violet, heliotrope
ask to see W 1 mtfftoui £iGOi}£t^^^ good cnou K h for vacation use: good
M -^ mbm bristles in brush, stronsr teeth in
Jk j jl tJ * 4 4L 4 *l-, „ comb > the two articles for the price
morning robes 8 * at the old store now. at the new store this fall. of one ig~
FBIEDMAN'S ANNOrrNCEMEMTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE' \
5/x Storits High \
.^Neat design, brass trimmed, j
iuPi size, strong Metal Bed. To j
sleep well is to have g-ood [
health. The air oiroulates fre8- •
ly around <a metal bed and ro- |
freshing sleep follows §2.25 i
Polished, Oxidized, Brass; Nickle |
& Bronze In bed -art up to $125. J
1 Unique, Pottery Cane & Parasol •
: Holder. Many shades, prettily •
! ornamented with bright, hand-trac- j
j ed flowers & graceful vines. A hall |
• brightener& a useful, prettv article ;
! in the summer home.20 in. high 75c. j
! Draperv Department— A new lot j
; of those elegant Rope Portieres— so !
S popular for summer. Heavy, long ;
j tassels; great variety of bright col- j
j ors— $5 U P« j
1 CARPET DEPARTMENT •*
|. Wilton Velvet Carpet, Sewed, j
I Laid and Lined, for 85 Cents j
j a Yard. Popular Patterns, Bright {
I Colors; Many Designs. These j
: Wilton Velvets have sold as high as |
! J1.25. A chance to enjoy a velvet •
; for the price of a tapestry— Sewed, j
j Laid & Lined 85 cents a yard, j
¦ Free Delivery. Oakland. Alamei.i, Berkeley ;
j M. FRIEDMAN & CO. !
1 Uncorpora'.eJ) ;
! 233 to 237 Post St. Open Evenings •
T>DTTCIJI7Q FOR EARCEUS, BAK-
ijXlBJOnJuO ers - bootblack*, bath-
** houses, birilard tabies.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makera. caansrs.
dyers. flourmlUs. k foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, at*-.
blemen. • tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCUANA* URO»..
Brash Man"f*cturera, 609 Sacraments St