In answer to, a suggestion from him I
signified my willingness to , visit any
plague case which might show itself or
even meet any of the physicians in con
sultation on private cases that . might be
suspected, as such,- whether in hospital or
In Chinatown, and to. state the farts of
the existence or not of the scourge as
Willing to Assist Cases.
sense of absolute safety would seemingly
guarantee.
In my conversation with Dr. William
son this morning I was pleased to hear
that not only In his prof esslonal ' but in
his official capacity he would do every
thing in his power to assist In the proper
line of investigation. I also understood
from him that the Federal quarantine offi
cers worked in accord with the Board of
Health, and there was a promising condi
tion of harmony of purpose which was
in every way encouragfng In the efforts
to arrive at the real truth. I took occa
sion to remark to the Health Officer that
It was of the utmost Importance to state
one way or the other whether or not
there was a single case of the plague In
San Francisco . at the present time, and
that he was in his official capacity capa
ble of answering that question directly.
He gave me to understand that it was
not possible for a case of plague to exist
In this city and he not know It.
Bodging Serum Injectors.
Being attracted by a 'store that had
Chinaman you would meet. This was de
cidedly noticeable and made one feel most
uncomfortable. I was not surprised to see
this In view of the former attempts on the
part of the Chinese residents ta
resist the authority of the Health
Board In enforcing the sanitary regu
lations; hence It was considered
advisable that an attendant from the of
fice of the Chief of Police should quietly
accompany us on our rounds, and when
the doctor remarked that there wa« an
other reason for wearing an overcoat It
was understood to b« for the purpose of
carrying a weapon to be used for pro
tection. In fact, care was taken In tha
course of our stroll not to excite undue
attention on the part of the Chinese, who
were to be found / scattered everywhere
over the densely populated blocks. It ap
pears customary among thrse Orientals
to gather about the officials .while at their
work and very often the sanitary Inspec
tors In attempting to enforce health or
ders are quickly surrounded by a danger
ous and threatening mob. It was to avoid
this kind of force that It was necessary
to appear as If we were only mere visit
ors bent on an errand of ordinary
curiosity.
that most Of the people do not think such
procedures are necessary, but It is. also
apparent that the public is in a very un
certain state as to whether the plague In
the first place ever appeared at all: that
there were . ever any well authenticated
cases, upon which legitimate conclusions
could be based, and that the expectation
that any plague will make its appearance
in the future is without foundation. One
citizen, whom I asked In a casual . way
about the existence of the plague ap
peared to speak the mind of the com
munity when he said that no one knew
what to believe; and that the public mind
was in a deplorably chaotic condition in
regard to reconciling directly conflicting
facts. He remarked that the doctors were
not" apparently sure of .their diagnoses.
Others : sai-d • the plague was ' hidden In
certain sections of Chinatown and Its ex
istence, although known to the authori
ties, was not published. Altogether It
would be very assuring If some one In
whom confidence couli be placed should
state positively what is the actual condi
tion >of affairs, irresponsive of- party.
Health Board or any other consideration
whatever.. In fact. San Francisco at pres
ent. Is In great doubt in which direction
to : move— whether it is best to take pre
caution ;. which -the ,. recent scare might
seem to 'Indicate, or to be resigned to
that desirable tranauility of mind which a.
Several prominent citizens with whom
I conversed were almost unanimous In the
opinion that the scare here was without
a particle of foundation; that it was pre
cipitated through some of the .sensational
papers, hurriedly, -unadvisedly and with
out due in\*estlgation on their part. . There
Is no doubt that there is a strong public
sentiment against ' the present methods of
procedure on the : part' of ¦ the- health au
thorities. Possibly, this la due to the fact
Scare r Without Foundation.
My first aim in the course of the in
vestigation was to secure a conference
with the president of the Board of Health
of this city. Dr. John AI. Williamson, who
was in a position, to give me data at first
hand. I had not been long In the city
before I became impressed with the fact
that the public mind was very seriously
disturbed concerning the possibilities of
the; existence of this dreadful scourge,
possibly hidden somewhere in the Chinese
quarter.
this in the Interests of the public health,
and If anything can be said upon the
subject which can help to save human
lives, three times the length of the Jour :
ney would be .gladly made. •
The State Board of Health was short
ly after in' session, and in conference
with merchants, local and Federal health
officials and railroad men. Upon hear
lmM>rtMLiiiiih*tti«BBtai».
While Dr. Shrady was pursuing his
investigations yesterday other incidents
of moment were happening. Judges
Morrow, Hawley and De Haven placed
an injunction upon the local Board of
Health and " upon Federal quarantine
officers, ordering them not to attempt
to inoculate Chinese or Japanese with
prophylactic or to prevent them from
leaving the city at will. The injunction
was issued purely on legal grounds and
involved the proposition that the Su
pervisors of this city and not the Board
of Health alone have power to place a
district in quarantine.
says that it would not be tolerated in any
other civilized city and as long as it re
mains it will continue to be a district of
the greatest danger to San Francisco.
besran yesterday. He has already ?een
enough of the district to pronounce it
what the people of San Francisco know
it to be. a menace, in its filth and lack
of sanitation, to the city. Dr. Shrady
an inspection of Chinatown which he
definitely that as far as he can learn
from any official source there is not a
single ca«e of bubonic plague or the sus
picion of one in San Francisco.
Th:s announcement made by such ?n
authority is of the deepest significance
to the people of this city. After weeks
of ;dle_ rumor and criminal sensational
ism, after melodramatic, farcical quar
antines and absurd tactics of many
kinds an eminent physician comes to the
city and the local Board of Health con
fesses that it cannot show him a single
cafe cf the plague.
Dr. Shrady has only begun his inves
tigations. He ir.tend? to make the in
quiry complete and to-day he will finish
Merchants Appeal to the State Board of Health Not to Injure California by Unwarranted Action.
<J7v? 3 far as I can learn from a con
f/\ versation held this morning with
II — ~W the president of the Health Board,
ther.e is at present no case of bu
bonic plague in' San Francisco. I have
asked jto see even one such case and no
one high in authority Is able to produce
one. There has not been reported either
officially or otherwise a suspected case
since May 15. These are the facts so far
as I have been able to obtain them up
to the present time. From such a point
of view there Is every reason for con
gratulation, not only on account of the
great interests at stake from the com
mercial side of the Question, but very
much more from that which pertains to
the otherwise possible wholesale sacrifice
cf precious lives. . ; , .
Having been asked by the Herald to
visit San Francisco. and give some views
on the plague question while on the spot,
I can perhaps show no better apprecia
tion of the Importance of the mission than
thetrip across the continent for its', ful
fillment. I am more than willing to, do
Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Publishing
Company.
THE PLAGUE IS
NOT IN THE CITY
Under the decision erf the Federal
judges the Board of Health of this city
has no authority to quarantine a district,
the power being vested, under the char
ter, in the Board of Supervisors. The
Board of Health adopted a resolution
therefore declaring that plague had
existed in Chinatown and that to pre
vent its recurrence the district should
be quarantined. This resolution was
submitted to the Supervisors, for adop
tion, but after a long discussion the
board postponed definite action until
this morning at II o'clock. At the same
time a resolution denouncing the Board
of Health for its unwarranted actions in
the entire matter and calling upon the
members to resign their positions was
introduced and referred to the Health
and Police Committee.* If the Health
Board refuses to resign the Mayor is
called upon to remove them.
ing the decision of the Federal judges
the State Board of Health decided
first to warn officers of neighboring
counties not to allow Chinese or Japan
ese to enter the different counties. The
injustice of this measure was manifest
and it was withdrawn. In order, how
ever, that the crusade against San Fran
cisco might be stopped and that -wiser
councils might prevail, the State board
instructed the local board to quarantine
Chinatown.
they provtd themselves to me. He agreed
that such a course would commend Itself
to the citizens of San Francisco anJ he
appeared only too glad to further such
an end.- I am pleased to say also that the
Marine Hospital service, through Its chief
medical officer. Dr. J. J. Kinyoun. was
kind enough to offer me facilities for see
ing cases which might present themselves
at quarantine. In ordor to pet a good
preliminary view of the situation I had
the privilege of visiting: Chinatown this
morning in company with the president
of the Health Hoard of San Francisco,
and while on this Journey thoroughly dis
cussed the situation with him. To such as
had never vt3ited Chinatown the scenes
which can be witnessed there wouM be a
revelation, but of the details in this re
gard I will state later when further op
portunities are offered for a more com
plete examination. I might say in pass-
Ing that the appellation "dirt" from
Chinatown's \-iewpoint requires a new in
terpretation of its dreadful meaning. Ow
ing to the recent troubles among the
Chinese connected with the Injection of
the protective lymph, of which also I fhall
speak later, most of the stores in China
town have been closed. This nJornlng
there was an encouraging prospect or re
suming business in the shape of the ma
jority of the better stores betngr opened
for customers, but there was the conveyed
impression throughout the whole diatrict
of something unusual having happened.
There was an idea as of something like
an air of desolation about the place and
the Chinese who were in view bad tha ap
pearance of apathetic apprehension. It
gave one the idea that there was a forced
holiday as the result of some unusual
calamity in the community, but back of
It all was a smothered feeling of venge
ance In the expression of almost every
Federal Judges Have En
joined National and Lo
cal Authorities From
Refusing to Asiatics
Their Right to Enter
and Leave the City.
Local Health Offi
cials Called Upon
to Resign Their
Positions or Sub
mit to Summary
¦Removal by the
Mayor.
THE people of San Francisco have
reason for the deepest congratula
tion. One of the most expert
bacteriologists in the world and a
pfrjsidan tamed for his ability is
in the city at the instance of the New
York Herald and The Call, to make a
thorough and absolutely impartial in
vestigation of the facts which have led
to the rer.satior.al reports that bubonic
plague is in this city. He is Dr. George
F. Shrady of New York and he has
cro5«ed the continent for the highly im
portant duty of making a complete in
quiry. He has already far enough ad
vanced in his investigation to announce
State Board of Health Issues
Orders That tbe Chinese
Quarter Be Qnarantined
to Satisfy tbe Demands
of Other Excited Com
munities.
Dr. George F. Shrady
Begins an Investi
gation of me Sen
sational Rumors
TOcli Have In
jured San Fran
cisco.
/ ? ¦ . . ."¦,,: . . • • ¦
AS far m I can Ienrn from n conversation liel«l tlitn morning wltli the president of the Health
Hoard there is at present no case of bnbonlc plague in San Francisco.
• : ¦•''- •>*¦ -, ' ' '
I Imve aiiked to see even one Bneb. cane and no one In authority is able to produce one.
There linn not been reported, either ofllelnlly or otherwise, a inipccted ease since May 15.
TTiese ere the facts as far as I have been nble to obtain them up to the present time.
¦ ' ¦ . ' .- ¦-'¦•: «
From snch a point of view there is every rennon for congrntrilation, not only on account of tlie
errcat Interest at stnfee from the commercial nltle of the Question, Imt very much more from that
Trhich pertains to the otherwise possible wholesale Hncrlflce of precious lives.
Several prominent citizen* vrith vrfaoin I conr^ried were almost ananlmons In the opinion that
the scare here was without a particle of foundation; tlint it was precipitated through some of the
sensational papers, hurriedly, unadvisedly nnd Without due investigation on their part.
There Is no donbt that there in a strong public ncntiment against the present methods of proced
ure on the part of the health authorities. — Excerpt from the report of Dr. Georce F. Shrady to the New
York Herald
BOARD OF HEALTH CONFESSES TO A FAMOUS EXPERT
WHO CROSSED THE CONTINENT AT THE INSTANCE OF THE NEW YORK HERALD AND THE CALL
THAT THERE IS NO BUBONIC PLAGUE IN THIS CITY
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 190.
PRICE JFIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.In presenting his resolution McCarthy
stated that he did so with the full belief
that I there has not been one case of bu
bonic plague in the city. He said he was
not a medical man, but the most reputa
ble physicians acknowledged that the
plague was a very difficult disease to diag
nose. There had. been two seasons of al
leged plague which were unwarranted by
the'facts. The resolution, which waa re
ferred to the Health and Hospital Com
mittee, f>ayB: .
RESOLUTIONS were presented by
Supervisor McCarthy at last
night's meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors condemning the action of
the Board of Health- in regard to the al
leged epidemic of bubonic plague. The
resolutions recite that it is -the opinion
of the board that on account of the re
peated and unwarranted declarations by
the -Health Board that such plague has
existed and is existing that the mem
bers thereof should resign their office. -
HEALTH BOARD IS
ASKED TO RESIGN
Later in the day the restraining order
was signed by the Judge and served on
the defendants.
It follows from these considerations that the
defendants have failed 'to Justify their action
in the premises, and that an Injunction must
issue as prayed for ln the bill of complaint.
The observations of the court in these two
cases are not entirely Inappropriate to the reg
ulations of the Board of Health and the Instruc
tions of the supervising r-jrjjeon ffeneral of the
Marine Hospital service offered by the defend
ant as authority for the regulations they are
now engaged in enforcing against the Chinese
inhabitants.
The court here quoted from the case of
Ah-Kow vs. Nunan, 5 Sawyer 552, on the
queue-cutting ordinance: also from the
case of Lee Sing. 43 Fed. 359, where an or
diance was declared invalid that required
Chinees -to ¦ live in a certain part of the
city. Continuing the decision pays:
The regulations are directed against the
Asiatic race exclusively and by name. There
is no pretense that previous residence, habits,
exposure to dlnease, methods of living or phys
ical condition has anythine to do with their
classification as subject to the regulations.
They are denied the privilege of traveling, and
this privilege is denied to Chinese persons born
in the United States, as well as to those born
elsewhere.
The Broad View.
the diseases exist in the particular State or
Territory where the regulations are to be en
forced. If this lg the proper interpretation
there is the objection that It .dcs not appear
that the President has found that that plague
exists ln Pan Francisco or ln California or. In
deed, anywhere elpe in the United States: nor
does It appear that the supervising surgeon gen
eral has so found, or that he has prescribed any
regulations requiring the administration of Haff
ltlnn prophylactic under any conditions or to
parties seeking transportation from one place In
the State to another place in the same State,
or from one State to another. The only re
striction imposed by the surgeon general Is that
transportation companies shall refuse transpor
tation to Asiatics, unless provided with the
certificates of the defendant Kinyoun. What
examination or treatment Is reenuired to en
title a Chinese person to this certificate Is not
provided ln the Instructions of the supervising
surgeon general. The instructions are, there
fore, plainly Insufficient in these essential par
ticulars to justify the defendant Kinyoun.
WASHINGTON', May 2S.— Advices
received at the Naval Observa
tory from Its agents in various
points in the South shov/ that
favorable weather prevailed for
observing: the sun's eclipse to-day;
that the contact occurred very elope to
schedule time, and that the programme
arranged was carried out without a hitch.
Three parties were sent out from the ob
servatory, viz.: One to PlneHurst. N. C,
in charge of Professor Aaron N. Skinner;
one to Barnesville, Ga., In charge of Pro
fessor Milton Updegraff: and one to Grif
fin. Ga.. in charge of Professor Stlmson
J. Brown. Superintendent C. H. Davis of
the observatory was in communication
with these officials 'by telegraph, and dur
ing the day he received the following ad
vices:
PIXEHURST. N".- C— Clear sky. and fa
vorable, permlttinir successful observations of
the eclipse. All seventeen instruments suc
cessfully operated. Contact occurred very close
to predicted time. Corona very fine. Mercury
only star visible. .^ A. X. SKINNER.
Professor fTpdegfaff. at Barnesville, Ga.,
and Professor Brown, at Griffin, Ga.,
merely reported that their observations
were "successful.
Professor Lord's Discoveries.
ATLANTA. Ga., May 2S. — In every sec
tion of the Southern States to-day over
which the belt of totality of the sun's
eclipse extended the weather was ideal
for the observation of this remarkable
phenomenon. In the southern portion of
Alabama there was some haziness, but
other than this the astronomers and
scientists who located their observatories
In North and South Carolina. Georgia.
Alabama and Louisiana report that the
weather could not have been more aus
picious for the study of the sun's eclipse
and to secure splendid photographs of the
details attending the passage of the great
orbs.
The most notable feature of the day was
the discovery by Professor I^ord of the
Ohio State University, who believes he
obtained results that tend to prove that'
the mysterious matter which .forms the
corona is to be found also in the solar
prominences, and the existence of pro
tuberances on the sun as reported by
Professor Pickering of Harvard. What
constitutes. the gaseous element surround
ing the sun, however, has not been deter
mined, and if any astronomer has solved
this problem he has not committed him
gelf to-night.
BARNESVILLE. Ga.. May 2S.— Amid a
perfect arrangement of detail, with good
weather, conditions and with no hind
rances or defects to prevent success, the
varying phases of the solar eclipse were
observed by the .Government astronomers
at the United States Observing Station
here to-day. The photographic work waa
unusually successful, five cameras in-
"The sky was clear at this point and
the full programme of thp eleven photo
graph exposures were carried out. The
corona appeared strikinglv like that of
the eclipse in India in 189S. The Chabot
expedition has the only apparatus in the
world that will give short exposures on
the bright Inner corona, while giving long
exposures on the faint part on the same
plate. The pictures taken vary from two
to twelve-hundredths of a second at the
moon's limb and four to eight seconds at
the outer limit, two plates giving four to
eight-hundredths inside and four and
THOMASTON. Ga.. May 2S.-Tho
eclipse observations here were conducted
under perfect conditions, the totality be
ing a scant ?5 seconds. Not a cloud" was
visible anywhere near the corona, but tn
the west fleecy flecks were discerned.
Standing pome distance off from the co
rona's outside rim. a brilliant star was
distinctly visible. The effect at the time
of complete obscuration was that of a
deep twilight.
The astronomers began work at 5
o'clock. A squad of Deputy Sheriffs
guarded the approaches to th«« observa
tory tents, it having been feared that the
stream of people would jar the earth and
affect the delicate Instruments. Professor
Campbell of the Lick eclipse expedition
was at his observatory at 5 o'clock and
every man was in his place an hour be
fore the first contact was noted.
Professor Campbell gave the following
signed statement:
• The sky was clear but net very blue.
Rapidly approaching clouds from th«»
southwest obscured the sun less than one
minute after totality. The programme,
which was almost wholly photographic
work, was fully carried out except in tbo
case of one spectroscope, whose clock re
fused to work. The coronal streamer 1 '
were somewhat similar to those observed
in India in 1898. There were two on tho
west of about equal intensity about a dis
tance equal to five or six diameters of the
sun. The upper one of the. two to the east
was much stronger than the lower one
and was observed out to. about four
diameters. The streamers sepmed to be
nearer thp solar equator than In lS^S. The
shadow bands were distinctly observed
inclining from about 38 degrees west of
north to 38 degrees east cf south. travel-
Ing northeast."
CHABOT OBSERVATORT ECLIPSE
STATION. Siloam. Ga.. May 2S.— The ob
servations here were a complete success.-
Professor Charles Burckhalter. observer
in charge, gives the following statement
regarding his work;
Lick Expedition Successful.
eluding twenty exposures, all of whlcl
are believed to be good, the large photo
heliograph producing three perfect nega
tives and one flash negative. Just as total
ity ended. Professor Milton Updegraff.
director of the station here, expressed i
herself as entirely satisfied with the day's I
work. I
Photographed for The Call by.Thors.
SOLAR ECLIPSE AS SEEN IN THIS CITY.
SUN'S ECLIPSE VIEWED
THROUGH GIANT LENSES
OVAR. Portugal. May" 23.— Thp weather
was clear here to-day. The English expe
dition observed the eclipse satisfactorily.
The duration of the totality was und<>r
three seconds. The thermometer dropped
four degrees. The planet Mercury was
plainly visible. Df spite some clouds excel
lent negatives were obtained of the co
rona, which differed little from that ob
served during the last eclipse In India.
TRIPOLI, May 28.— The eclipse expedi
tion under Professor Todd of Amherst
College completed successful observation*
with twenty telescopes. Including one of
twentv-four Inches. The corona was seen
for -fifty-two seconds and was an exact
duplicate of that of January. 1839. com
pletely confirming the eleven years' period
of the corona variation w!th the sun spots.
The weather was splendid. *
The photographic programme was com
pletely carried out by Professor Walter
M. Aundor of the Royal Observatory at
Greenwich and his assistants. The at
mospheric glare present was unfavorable
to photographs of the outer corona's
streamers or of the partial phase. Most
Interesting observations of thf* shadow
bands, however, were obtained. The bands
traveled fn the same direction both before
and after the eclipse, not In continuous
Tines, but in square spots like a passing
flock of birds.
ALGTERS. May 2S.— The eclipse was ob
served here under fine conditions. The sky
was almost cloudless and the atmosphere
almost transparent, though not of tho.
«!eep blue usually associated with ttm
Mediterranean. Observing parties were
here from England. France, Germany,
Italy and Switzerland, the largest being
the British, whose best observations were
taken from the roof of the Hotel de la
Regcnce.
As the totality approached the effect
was weird. Darkness swpt thr earth;
the sea lost its deep blue and took a neu
tral gray tint: trees became funereal pur
ple. When the last ray of sunlight fade*,
the corona Instantly shone forth, unusu
ally large and brilliant, extending to Mer
cury, shining with intense white luster
two degrees away. The shape of the co
rona was almost • exactly that of the
eclipse of 1S7S as seen In the United States,
namely, two great wings, one shooting
almost vertically upward and the othrr
downward, both ajmost exactly on a soiar
equator.
As Seen in Algiers.
LONDON. May 2S.— The conditions ln
London for observations of the sun's
eclipse were good to-day. The day was
somewhat cloudy, but at 2:47 p. m. th<*
sun shone out brightly, and the circular
shadow over the disk was remarkable and
clear-cut. The sun was Intermittently ob
scured, but the observers had ample tim©
to obtain valuable results.
MADRID. May 2S.— Oreat interest was
manifested in the eclipse. A number of
excursion trains were run to Argamasllla,
Elch, Navalmoral and Plasencia. As
tronomers from all cour^ries of Europe
assembled. M. Flammanon represented
France and Sir Joseph Norman Lockyer
Great Britain. The Infanta Isabel went
to Argamarilla to view the eclipse. An
enormous crowd of slght-seer3 occupied
the different points of vantage. The in
flux was so great at Plasencia that many
had to sleep in the railway cars. Bright
sunshine and a cloudless sky prevailed
everywhere. The British astronomers ar
ranged to take photographs every ten
seconds. M. Flammarion estimates that
some time must elapse before the com
plete results of the observations be
known '\ . I «
DENVER. May 28.— While Professor H.
A. Howe was waiting this morning about
2 o'clock in the Chamberlain Observatory
for the sun to arl9e and the eclipse to
begin he made one of the most Important
observations of the year, the rediscovery
of the planet Eros. Thia ttny planet,
which was discovered only two years ago
at • the Berlin Observatory, has been
looked for since last September.- the time
when, according fo calculations. It should
emerge from behind the sun. Astronomers
all over the world have been scanning th*
skies for It but without success. Profes
sor Howe discovered the planet near tho
first point of Aries.
According to Professor Howe's observa
tions of the eclipse thp first contact oc
curred at 5 o'clock 44 minutes 22.6 second.*,
and the last contact at 7 o"clock 37 min
utes and 34.9 seconds. This showed an
error in the calculations of the nautical
almanac, which gave the time of the flrsr.
contact as 5 o'clock 4t minutes and 25.1
seconds and the last contact at 1 o'clock
23 minutes and 23 seconds.
Kediscovers Planet Zros.
eight seconds outside exposures with in
termediate exposures for Intermediate
places."
LONDON*, May 29.— The Stand
ard has the following from Algiers:
"ThJs eclipse was observed by more
Europeans than any other In the
century. The natives, at the total
ity, all howled, while on the re
turn of the light their yelling was
something terrific, resembling ap
plause, more violent and noisy than
anything ever heard among Euro
peans." ,
EFFECT ON THE NATIVES
Scope of thY Federal Authority.
_The defendant. J. J. Kinyoun, as Quarantine
Of fieer of the United States at the port of San
Francisco, Justifies his action upon the author
ity of the telegram received by him from Dr.
¦ANyman. dated May 21. 1000, and it is contended
that the instructions contained in' this telegram
nre bawd upon the -provisions of ' the act ' of
March 2» 1S9O <2S Stat!. 31). -. v "
• It will be observed that the statute Is open to
the . interpretation ; that the promulgation of
rules .and regulations to prevent I the : epread of
ttie ; diseases named In the stattute Is made to
depend upon the fact that it has been made to
appear to the satisfaction of the President that
It therefore appears that the ad
ministration of ' Haffkine prophylac -
tic to Chinese persons departing from
San Francisco has no relation to the
public health of the inhabitants of
this city and cannot bs sustained , by
any such claim on the part of its
Board of Health.
It apoenrs from the Instructions of Dr. Wal
ter Wyman. the supervising surgeon general of
tho Marine Hospital service, that the llaffklne
prophylactic is not designed as a preventive
after a pereon has been exposed to the disease.
On the co'itrnry. its administration under such
a condition of the human system Is -declared
to.be tfansrerous to life. It Is administered for
the purpose of preventing contagion from expos
ure after Inoculation, and for that' alone. . A
person about to -enter an infected place should
therefore secure this treatment, but a person
departing from an Infected place should not be
so treated. For the latter contingency - Dr.
Wyman prescribes another and very different
remedy, namely, inoculation with the Yersln
Inoculation Not a Preventive.
There Is however. 1 a further and amor* seri
ous objection to ¦ these regulations adopted by
the defendants.
The conditions of a great city f requently
present unexpected emergencies affecting the
public health, comfort and convenience. Under
euch circumstances officers charged with the
duties pe'rtalnlng to this department of the
municipal government should be clothed with,
fufflcient authority to deal with the conditions
ln a prompt and effective manner. Measures
of this character, having a uniform operation
and reasonably adapted to the purpose of pro
tecting the health and preserving th» welfare
of the inhabitants of a city, are constantly
upheld by the courts as valid rets of legisla
tion, however inconvenient they may prove to
be, and a wide discretion has also been sanc
tioned in their execution. But when the mu
nicipal authority has neglected to provide
suitable rules and regulations upon the sub
ject, and the offlcers are left to adopt ouch
methods as they may deem proper for the oc
casion, their acts are open to Judicial review
and may be examined In every detail to deter
mine whether- individual rights have been re
spected in accordance with constitutional re
quirements. This proposition is too clear to re
quire discussion. Indeed, the Inquiry has been
extended t» acts of the legislative nnd city or
dinances for the purpose of determining:
whether they are appropriate to the end ln
** Personal Rights Are Sacred.
I In the recent case 1 of Blue vs. Beach. 56
N*. E. Si>. the Supreme Court of Indiana had
tinder consideration . a law of the State and an
ordinance of the city of Terre Haute, prohibit
ing persons from attending the public schools
who had not been vaccinated. The court sus
tained the validity of the measure, but in ar
riving at that conclusion It states very clearly
the principles and limitations embodied in
such . legislation. It says:
" "An a general proposition, whatever law* or
regulations are necessary t« protect «ie pub
lic health and secure public comfort is a
legislative question, and appropriate measures
intended and calculated to accomplish these
enda are not subject to Judicial review. But
nevertheless such measures or means must
have some relation to thp end In vlow. for.
und.r the mere guise of the police power, per
sonal rights and those pertaining to private
property will not b*> permitted to be arbitra
rily Invaded by the legislative department, anri
consequently Its determination is not final, but
is open tp review by the courts. • • •
Acts of the Board Unjustifiable.
In the light of these well-established prin
ciples the action cf th«» defendants as described
in the bill of complaint cannot be justified.
The regulations they have adopted appear to be
without legislative authority; but, assuming that
thsy have the sanction of a general authority
under the resolution of May 18, 1900, still they
cannot be sustained. They are not based upon
any established distinction- in the conditions
that are supposed to attend this pla«ue, or the
persons exposed to Its contagion, but they are
boldly directed against the Asiatic or Mongol
ian race as a class, without regard to the pre
vious condition, habits or exposure to disease,
or residence of the Individual; and the only
Justification offered for this discrimination was
a suggestion made by counsel for the defend
ants ln the course of the argument that this
particular race Is more liable to the < plague
than any other. • No evidence ha«, however,
been offered to "support this claim, and it is
not known to be a fact. This explanation
must therefore be dismissed as unsatisfactory.
This restriction, it is alleged, discriminates
unreasonably against the complainant and
other Chinese residents, confines . them within
the territorial limits of the city and county
ar*d deprives them of their liberty, causing
U^em treat' and. irreparable ; loss and Injury.
"-Regulations Should Bs Reasonable.
Th» city has a population of about 350.000.
but the restriction does not apply to any of
the inhabitants other than Chinese or Asiatics,
and the inhabitants other than Chinese or
Asiatics are permitted to depart from and re
turn to the city without being subject to the
inoculation imposed upon the Chinese Inhab
itants.
It appears that there arf> about 23.000 Chines
residents in th» city of San Francisco, and
while it Is well known that a large number
of these people are domiciled within the area
designated as the Chinese quarter, neverihp
leF.s there are a great many scattered over the
city pngagod ln various employments. Xo re
strictions have bepn placed upon any of the
Chinese residents ia passing from one part of
the oity to the other, nor has any house, block
or Faction of the city been declared infected
or unsanitary. There if, therefore, no fact
established by the Hoard of Supervisors or by
the Board of Health from which an Inference
might be drawn that any particulars class of
persons, or person? occupying a particular dis
trict, were liable to develop, or in danger of
developing, the plasrue. The restriction Is that
no Chinese person !*hall depart from the city
without being inoculated with the serum called
the HatTkine Prophylactic.
Illegal Discrimination Proved.
1 It thus appears that suitable pro
vision has been innds in the city
chnrtsr for tlis necessary legislation
providing rules r.nd regulations to
sscurc proper ssnitary conditions in
the' city and for the protection of the
public health, but we are not advised
that the Board of Supervisors has
taken any action whatever in that
direction, and the resolution of tha
Board of Health furnished to tho
qgurt fails to disclose the method it
has. adopted for that purpose under
the conditions it has declared to exist.
Werieed not, however, dwell upon the
manifest lack of legislative authority
to enable the Board of Health to deal
with this important subiect. It is suf
ficient for the present purpose to
mention the fact as one of the fea
tures of the situation to be consid
ered in connection with the regula
tions which the complainant allegss
have been imposed upon him and
other Chinese residents of the city by
the defendants.
Section 4 provides, arnon;? othfr things, that
the beard si--all enforce all ordinances, rules
find regulations which may be adopted by the
Supervisors for the carrying out and enforce
ment of a coed sanitary condition in the city
and county, find for the prote-.-t'on of tho pub
lic liselth. ar.d the board is iequ!red to sub
mit to the Supervisors frcm time to time a
tlraft of such ordinances rules ant! regulations
as it may dtsm necessary to promote the ob
ject mentioned ln the section.
By section 1 of art'.cle 2 of th<? charter, the
legislative powe- of the city and county ot
San Frtnclseo is vested In a legislative body
designated as thi BcarU of Supervisors, and
in section 8 it is provided that every legisla
tive act or tho city ar.d county Ehall be by
ordinance.
Section 3 of article X of the City Char
ter, designating the powers of the Board
of Health, was read by the court. Con
tinuing ho said:
quarantine officer of the United States at the
port of San Francisco, in response to the order,
has produced a telegram from , the Secretary
of ¦ the Treasury requesting the Inspection ! of
all Asiatics before beinir allowed to leave the
; city.
Injunction the Proper Remedy.
The court is of the opinion that' injunction
is the proper remedy. | The cause of notion Js
not merely that the complainant la deprived,
1 of his personal liberty, but a number of others
; similarly Pittmted are being deprived by the
defendants of their -right t" travel from ban
Francisco to other parts of the State in the
pursuit of lawful business, anri thl3 right. It
is alleged, has a pecuniary value to the com
plainant ln excess of the amount required to
give this court Jurisdiction of the case. .The
permission to travel, being by the acts of the
defendants coupled with - an aliened unlawful
condition or restriction. It la the province or
the court to » Inquire Into the . facts and re
move the restri-tion if found unlawful. This
is undoubtedly the principle Involved in the
numerous cases-where courts have granted in
junctions to relieve parties from the restric
tions and pecuniary injuries inflicted by boy
cotts, lock-out* and strikes. • • • In our
opinion*, the. bill Is ' insufficient and the paroi
exception must be overruled..
: Powers of the Board of Health.
QUARANTINE BY
THE STATE BOARD
2ines end daily papers, he has written nu
merous articles on social, hygienic and
scientific topics for their columns. He has
been president of tho New York Patho
logical Society, of the American Medical
Editors" Association and the Practition
ers' Society. of New York, and is a mem
ber of the American and Now York Acad
emies of Medicines, of tha New York State
Me«llcal Society and other professional
and scientific associations.
THE State Board of Health held yes
tcrrJay a most important session nt
which prominent local merchants
and representatives of the Southern
Pacific Company were given an opportuni
ty to outline the tremendous evil which
will follow a" continuation of th»e plague
fcare. Aftfr a thorough 'discussion the
State Board referred the matter to the
local beard with the understanding that
the Chinese district I:; this city be quar
antined, neither as a matter of precau
tion against lhe p'agiio nor as an admis
sion that it exists her*', but as a measure
designed to conciliate these who are seek
ing to injure the city by the circulation
of rensationa! reports.
Among thope at the meeting were Dr.
D. D. Crowley of Oakland. Dr. Baz«»t of
San Francirco. Dr. Rugglos of Stockton.
i:>r. Henderron of Sacramento, Irving M.
Sortt. Captain Chrirlcs Nelson (president
of the chamber of Commerce). A. L.
Scott. C. \\~. McNear. John D. Spreckels.
William Hass. Andrew Carrlgan, John D.
Sibley. A. A. Watkins. Frank D. Keyes,
H. D. Loveland, Williajn Thomas. E. O.
KeCormack. W'akeficld Baker. . John F.
Merri!!. President Thompson of the Fruit
Canners' Inior.. J. C. Btubbs, William
Sproule and Dr. Gardener.
When the StPte L5o;\rd of Health met in , ;
the rooms of th*> Gmnd Hotel the rep- '
Tf sentaiivr-s of the railroad and business ;
houses of the city had cot arrived. Dr. D. I
D. Crowley, who was in the chair in the .
absence of Dr. Hiil, president' of tha !
beard, instructed I>r. A. M. Henderson to '¦
read the rt-solution the latter had intro- j
duced. Dr. Henderson then read his res- j
olutiori,. which in effect stated that the
plague had exisued In this city, but had
been limited to the Chinese quarter, ar.d !
that it woiilii be impossible for the local I
Board of Health to inoculate all Chinese '•
ar.d Japanese residents'; therefore it was i
the duty of the State board to notify the j
health authorities in tho counties eoriticu- !
ous to Snn Francisco to prevent the en- ¦
trance ir.to their respective counties cf i
A?;ath-s who did not possess certificates '
of Inoculation.
Dr. Gardner Objects.
Dr. Gardner, the well-known railroad
surgeon. «s granted the privilege of ad- 1
dressing the board. "In rising to object '
to the pa??:tge of that resolution," he '
said. "I would like to call on some of the !
representatives of the bodies of.this city !
and some of 'our physicians, who will J
point out the danpers to commercial in- 1
t^re?ts if srch an order be passed. I un- !
demand there has been no bubonic '
plague cir.ee the lr.th of May. I under- j
stand further that according to the au- '
ihoritios mat ten days is the time alloted !
for the lr.fection to spread, and yet we •
have had no new case? to-day. I fail j
to see why th<re should be a quarantine i
en this city nn that account. I would '
like to introduce some of the commercial I
men of this city, who will express their ;
views on the question." No objection be- i
ing offered, Dr. Lane was called upon, and i
he raid he could not see how a quarantine j
could b? placed on the Asiatics outside !
the r!ty without including the white pop- i
ulation. "\\V com- in contact with them." !
he said, "on the streets and car?; they wash ¦
rur clothes: they are in the houses as '
servants. If plague no longer exists here •
why ask onttide Boards of Health to close !
their ports . We must all agree that such {
a move would endanger our commercial 1
interest? and I hope the board will be
cautious in its action."
At tnis moment a score of merchant*,
railroad and professional men entered the
room and the discussion became hitrhlv
Interesting. William Sprouic, freight
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific
was invited to address the body, and In
part no paid:
Sproule Sees Danger Ahead.
t 3,',^ ll UT y ermissi on. Mr Chairman.
I would like co say that that resolution
announces definitely, to the world that the
bubotuc plague exists in San Francisco."
l>r. Crowley interrupted the speaker to
remark that he ttid not think it did but
Mr :sproule. continuing, said? "Technically
it dors. If there is a quarantine, as a mat",
tor of fact it must be here. I would say
that the company I represent in part has
the same interests in the question as any
citizen. We are here because we are face
to face with n most serious and tremend
ous situation. A declaration of that sort
will paralyze the industries of this State
in a manner unparalleled In the historv of
the community. The great strike, which
did so much injury to us all. will be a
trifle. The taint of contagion will be upon
every orchard product in every form. To
day the merchants of San Francisco are
withholding th<t money necessary to th°
farmers, as they fear such action as this.
I knov.- one merchant who has $30,000 In
check? unsigned on his desk. The fruits
ar<> being handled by tho Asiatics in th<»
field, and hundreds are employed in the
canning industry. In short, the entire hor
ticultural product of this State will suf
for by that resolution. Your action here
is known all ever the United States. It
is known throughout the commercial
world and will cause great injury to the
State. I have spoken of the horticultural
products particularly tfceause it is so evi
dent that orehardists will be great suf
ferers. It must appeal to you that this
Is a stIous question. I* plague does not
exist, why place the community in quar
antine-? If there is doubt that It exists. I
beg of you to exercise the most care, be
cause It affects the whole industrial com
munity of this State."
Irving M, Scott followed with a' short
speech, in which he indorsed every word
uttered by Mr. Sproule. He told of his
trip into the country on last Friday with
a score of other gentlemen and the dis
cussion that arose over the quarantining
of the city. Hp said there were all
classes represented and all had the same
feeling that the plague had either spent
Its force or never extsted. "If it has
spent its force." he said, "what is the use
of this quarantine? He also be-^ed the
board to give the matter serious consid
eration.
Dr. Crowley took a hand in the discus
sion at this point to state that the State
Board wanted- the opinions of ail present;
but wanted it understood that the'mem
bers of thai body had the interests of the
State at heart: so much so that it had
telegraphed to Texas, requesting that the
quarantine be taken off. •
Business Will Be Paralyzed.
John C. Stubbs. third vice president of
the Southern Pacific, then delivered a.
strong speech on the subject. At the out
set he called attention to the wldspread
report which was spread a short while
ago of the arrival in New York harbor
of a ship loaded with coffee from an In
fected South American port; how it was
smuggled to Chicago despite the efforts
to prevent it landing by health offlcers
and the danger of a widespread infection
ln the Windy City through the drinking
of the coffee. He said If the State Board
of Health took any such action as was
contemplated the news would be heralded
throughout the country and other States
would follow the precedent set by Texas
and bar their ports to tho products of
this State. , -
He dwelt on the fact that Louisiana
had requested the railroad not to sell
tickets to poor whites, negroes and
Aslatfcs, as they would not be permitted
to enter that State. H6 asked the board
to be careful and said that anything done
should be founded on unquestionable
facts. If there is danger, he said, it was
the duty of the board to prevent it. 'He
drew attention to the fact that the Chin
ese had been circulating among the people
during the past fifteen days and yet there
had not been a spread of the dread mal
ady. He said not enough evidence of
plague existed for the board to call down
a paralyzation of the States' industries.
He contended that if the resolutions were
passed such a dire result would certainly
follow.
If there was evidence that plague ex
isted, he said, the gentlemen present, who
represented varied interests in the com
munity, would jiot fail to come to the
assistance of the Health Board. He
thought they felt as he did that there was
no danger of it being carried to outside
ports or States. He reiterated that tho
board should take careful action,' , as a
quarantine would tie the city - up - for
months. Once started It would take much
lonper to release thp quarantine. 1 To
prove his assertion that the plague scare
was doing irreparable injury to the State
Mr. Stubbs read the headings from edi
torials and articles printed all over the
country.'. •¦ , •
Attcrnf-y Thomas, who wns also present
pointedly asked at this juncture- "If
plague »xlsted. why did the Health Board
aiicv.- the Chinese to leave the city?"
His interrogation remained unanswered."
Quarantine Means Heavy Loss.
. Charles Nelson, president of ; the Chani-
T To the ordfr to *how cause no return has
b*en mafic as required by the rules of practice
ln equity, casen, but in Hpu thereof the de
fendants have produced a copy of a resolution
adopted by th<* Board of Health on May 18: , *
"Resolved/That it U the sense of this board
that bubonic plarue exist*; Jn the. city and
county of San Francisco, and that all neces
rary eteps already taken for the prevention of
its spread be continued, * together » with . such
additional measures as may ; b« required "
¦The defendant..; J. ' J. - Kinyoun, . the acting
UNITED STATES Circuit , Judge
Morrow read his opinion yester
day morning In the matter of the
petition of Wong Wai for a writ
of injunction to restrain the Board of
Health of San Francisco and Federal
Quarantine Officer Kinyoun from inocu
lating Chinese , and Japanese with Haff
kine prophylactic fluid, and from prevent
ing them from leaving the city. After re
citing the allegations and the prayer of
the petition; Judge Morrow said:, 1 -
Dr. Henderson told why he introduced
the original resolution which brought on
the discussion. Andrew Carrigan took oc
casion to say that the merchants were not
opposed to the Board of Health. He also
wanted to know why Chinatown could
not be quarantined. He said that the
merchants would contribute funds for the
employment of a "pickax" brigade if the
local police force was not capable of keep
ing a cordon around the infected district
Dr. Blunt of Texas added a ray of sun
shine by saying: "Put on a strong quar
antine on Chinatown, allow no citizens to
go in or out and he would advise raisin"
the quarantine in thirty days."
Merchants Want to Aid.
r Dr. C. A. nugglos of Stockton advised
a house to house investigation. He said
all chattels found in the Chinese quarters
that might breed germs should be, de
stroyed. He also said he was In favor of
quarantining Chinatown. Mr. Stubbs ask
ed that the Health Board take the mer
chants into its confidence. John F Mer
rill of Holbrook. Merrill &' Stetson said
that the merchants had been for 'year*
In the "dumps" and are getting out of it
and they should not be injured? in busi
ness by a quarantine. IJ e said it would
frighten the world. Mr. Merrill said the
merchants would help the board in Its
efforts to stay the spread of disease but
appealed to the State Board not to have
an out of town quarantine.
Dr. Williamson of the local Board of
Health was called upon, and told what
his fellow members had done to drive out
the plague. He regretted to say that in
junctions tied the hands of the board and
.that the press had unjustly charged that
the Health Board had got up the scare
for the purpose of getting a larger appro
priation to pay salaries to political fa
vorites.
Dr. Crowley positively stated that the
local board would have to take action im
mediately. In order to consider or recon
sider the resolution, he called upon Dj
Henderson, who introduced it. The lattet
moved to reconsider the resolution, which
was done. That left the way open for
a new course, and Dr. Ruggles • moved
that the local board be requested to put
a quarantine around Chinatown and pro
tect the sanitary condition of San Fran
cisco. The motion was carried. Dr. Crow
iey then turned to Dr. "Williamson and
Dr. Bazet and said: "Gentlemen, you
must have Chinatown quarantined this
evening and I think.it will be proper to
have the merchants present at your meet-
Ing to-night." i.
. ?
FEDERAL COURTS^
BLQCK THE WAY
Mr. Stubbs felt hurt that the Impres
sion had gone forth that the merohants
had impeded the work of the Health offi
cers. He therefore asked Dr. Kinyoun
whether he had been hampered In- his
work and that gentleman replied that he
had not: that he was actively engaged
in the discharge of his duty until the de
cision was handed down by the Circuit
Court enjoining him from proceeding fur
ther.
Mr. Baker of the firm of Baker & Ham
ilton added his voice to the requests made
by preceding speakers that a quarantine
outside the city should not be established.
Dr. Kinyoun was then called upon and
told of the orders issued by his superior
to employ inspectors and station them at
the depots and prevent Chinese from leav
ing the city unless having first been in
oculated. He was carryinc out the in
structions, but was enjoined at noon yes
terday by the Federal courts.
"At the present time. Dr. Kinyoun, you
are powerless." said Dr. Crowley.
"I have no power except to talk," said
the doctor, with a smile.
' A. I.. Scott wantpd to know why China
town was not quarantined. He thought.
If the law permitted it. It should be car
ried out. "Owing to the fact that there
has been plague in San Francisco," said
Dr Crowley. "and there was 'free inter
course with Chinatown we thought it
would be easier to prevent the Celestials
going to other counties."
"You will nre%-ent us traveling," inter
rupted Thomas.
"You are nota Chinese, Mr. Thomas."
tKe doctor replied. • •
.""Then I'll b\» a poor white at the end
fcf the season Jf this quarantine goes on."
There having arisen a feeling among
some of the merchants present that ji
consulting board of .physicians be called
in before any action was taken in the
matter. Dr. Henderson of Sacramento
arose and said there was no need of a
consulting board. He said if the, local
Health Board needed advice tlie^ Stato
Board would come to its assistance. Dr.
Henderson won the approval of all pres
ent when he said that he was in favor of
quarantining the small space of China
town, and doing so that afternoon.
Acting President Crowley then called
upon Dr. W. F. Blunt, the Health Officer
of Texas, to express his opinion on the
course the board ought to pursue. ' The
Texas physician was loth to discuss the
subject. He said he had come to this city
to Pee what the situation is. He'said that
If the citizens litre would take such measl
ures as would lessen the danger of the
spread of the disease the people abroad
would have more confidence am! be better
satisfied. He'said that he traveled through
the city and had seen how the Chinese
mingle with the whites. He thought bet
ter precautions could be taken. In answer
to a question of Dr. Crowley. the visiting
Health Officer agreed that it would be best
to roni'ne the Celestials to one district.
Dr. Blunt Gives Advics.
her of Commerce, was Invited to address
the gathering and he said: "I fully in
dorse every pontlment expressed by -the
gentlemen who preceded me. I was pres
ent with the Board of Health 'some time
ago when the matter of a house to houfte
Investigation In Chinatown was discussed.
At that time I was in favor of such a
movement and stated that if th& police
force was not sufficient to call out ihe
.-.ate militia and if they were not suffi
cient we had plenty of United States
troop?. I have learned with pleasure that
a successful house to. house investigation
has been made. .Gentlemen, why dwell
on the damage to our commerce and iny
duFiries by the establishment of a quar
antine? It Is so evident that such a
course would brln? heavy loss that I
warn and be:? of you to consider the mat
ter carefully before you take definite ac
' tion. If a quarantine were placed on San
\ Francisco this community would feel its
. effects not for one month nor six months,
j but a whole year."
Dr. G. McNe'l! eaid he had nothing to
add to what had already been said, but
he suggested that bubonic plague victims
should he isolated In pesthouses as small
pox patients usually are. He advised a
house to house innpecticn and all Chinese
found to »e infected coulU be Isolated. H»s
thought" there was no dar.irer of it being
carried GUL«i£e the city. He said to ad
vertise to the world that w»> had plague
would be a serious injury to California.
'I here fins been nu epidemic, he sain, anj
there is little danger of there being one
if proper precautions were taken.
Dr. Crowley announced- his opinion of
the locrtl Health Beard. He said ho be
liovpd its members to be gentlemen
cf integrity, and like Caesar's \vif«
nbove suspicion: lie r.l«;o Lad implicit
confidence in the!r judgment. He then
dwelt at Itcgth on thr opinion that he had
received from Dr. Kinyoun. who he said
was oonced>x! to be second to nono as a
bacteriologist. 1 as to the presence of
plague- In this city. He also secured the
opinion of Dr. Kellogg, the local bacteri
ologist. f.n<l tho St.ite Board of Health's
bacteriologist, which confirmed him in the
belief that plngue existed In <'h)natown
an<! precai:tlcrr> should be taken to pre
\ont Us spread. Continuing, he said: "1 =
ray. eentlernrn. r,-e as a Board. of Health
ere not tryinc: to injure your commerce
cr business. \Ve nre try'ns; to save it. I
think, gentlemen, that* you as business
r^en should olace confideroe in aomo one.
The State Board of Health does not get
cr.e penny for -ts labors. In fact. It spend?
money for. traveling, more than the State
allows it."
Dr. F_ Ii. Dav. president of the F.oar«i
of Health of Honolulu; nest addressed
the board. Ho paid ns long as thore was :
plaeue in Chinatown this city could not
feel Fafe. I To took occasion to remark
that the looal Board of Health had little
e.ncouragrerripnt from the merchants and
nad its motives imoupned -l-v the rress.
I« was his opinion that the Health Board
should be eneourfis^l. and aided in its ef-i
ferts to stamp out the dread disease.
/ T! P Proceeded we would every now
iiv.a then come arro-e an Inspector or a
policeman, rn.nO ih«n. after th« fashion of
passing a sentinel, the significant ques
tion v.as asked. "A!! risht?" then cov
ertly- answered in the affirmative, and we
rssffl on All the time our quiet, ununi-
I'rrr.pd policeman vas in easy hsi'inR di«=-
Tar.ce. Soon, after we passed the «"hine«e
Jlorpue, and here some curious fact«
werf- vWcd In Connection with the Chi
ryr customs of burial. It K«mi that
whenever a Chines Is about to die. hi«=
i-;o.,d friends, to relieve tbenwelvefl of the
agony of parting and the u.^uiil de.athbed
sr. res, quietly transport the helpless vic-
J™V*2 y 10 , ""^rtakcrs Bhop. and there.
.< allow him to .<hift off the
mortal coH amid the gri m wrounding*
tfee traditional indifference of the Oriental
jnd hi* pagan methcxl of treating the o^
1 ;^^ °« tate. One of the inspec-
V(X me that it was exoeedlnglv
.lift.cult to keey track of eve" fatal ill
ness«e among thim people Thev 5^01^
a. havH a t saperstlUoua id.-a "that the
v;hi;e.man i.s a natural enemv, even after
tlf«»n ? fUm When an j W'i-n of a iu"
lould l^°V S oW Wa vf atl^ m P^<i the door
, Vi- ! ' )Ck( " d because of the appprem
kom A y °/ i the occ °P«t»- Tbe door was
Sk 1 " g **"& *? **wfer their
. if K Co some inaccrs.--ible region of their
DnderKTOUnd household. Iii fact it was
g a^ c fee- srag^
n carrying out the proper F2 nitarv Tn
tejecponj a?aa made the body miuueta
BwelJ and bum. DoubUow tUsicnifiuS
!,r^t'o R tn , T ry °, ut w - , :
ibeitV i': 1 l hr ' rrnI m^. ni "* of personal
ilRe^t^. jn a conversation v.lth ore of
He rcwarfced that h» did not mind "tho
Pcrap-e the w.,«he<.. ihe rubbr-e. bat when
\.V , r >, kr^ <<1 ? u> ho onl >' livo "» hotur^
And those :deas Feemfd to crevail
throughout th« whole «\himse population
jn conno<-ii»;n with this mysterious rem
edy, the popsioiiuies of which have been
so recently d. men^trated. Thev also be
lieve that this '..<! one of the mo: hods which
the whit of have adopted quietlv to rid the
community of them. *
To-morrow I am io hold a conference
with ir.e genttamea who have made the
hrctcrioSoKJcal rxaminations Jn the cases
o, Ui« Chinese bodies which wore discov
ered in « < hi»atown and supposed to have
been ir.f.»ri/>d with the plague. I shall
have opportunity of seHnp all th»»se speci
mens, learning the history of «i»e cases
snd wiU report acroMinglv. '
Chinese Dread the Ne4d]«.
niore than ordinary pretentious we took
the excuse of entering with the purpose
of purchasing several attractive bronzes.
To the affable and smiling proprietor
who quickly took his place behind the.
counter :n the usual manner I casually
remarked: "You have a very ilne ptoro. '
*'Ves," s-ai«l ho. "we had to shut up for
quite a while «>n account of that rotten
board of Health." Whon this conversa
tion was <2irf c.fd to I>r. Williamson, who,
of course, was unrecognized by lhe
pycaiicr, tiicre was a grim humor that
pointed the remark whirn was more than
ordinarily Blsnlncant. Wncn 1 asked of
t-.lzn why he closed the store 1 learned
from liim that it wss rraily dor.e icr the
purpose of protecting h'msr'.f against the
inroads of sorum injectors. 'ibUs eaine
Chinaman also Informed I>r. Williamson
that me Chinese iiad h*vn.-n the /^ealth
Jioaro ar.d the Injonctton .'ifrainst tha con
tinuance of the Ferum Injection had been
Buctained, This only proves how well
P'iftefl some of tlie mora Intelligent
Chlnarnen are of «rb*;t i? poingr on. outride
of their immediate district, and it warn
also regarded as peculiar that the first
news should come from them. The fact
teemed to please him immensely, and as
he bowed us out he craoKod a bread
""heathon Chir.ee" smile.
It was a grrat matter of surprise to me
to learn the home life of the poorer cla?s
of Chinese, an abundance of <i!rt making
Itself apparent in all directions. In pass
ing what la called in that district" the
<ilobe Hot»»l. v.as once a hostelry
?rirpe!y patronized by the whites, and
which afterward dfgener.v.ed Into a
< 'hlr.^so lodging-house, densely crowded
as ai! these are. Dr. Winiamfon informed
"ie that in thar house three corj.~r"?5 *v<?re
found which wcr** aflerwrard discovorf^!
to have been infected with plague. A lit
lle farther on we discovered a typ!ccl
.iunk «=hgp of tho district. The rr.orr.cnt
we made our way down the broken steps
<>f thp Pi<lpwalk cellar, we attracted the
Tiotire of the keeper. who came
oot with the exhibited defiance of an
angry ppider. aiming for tnngled flie? in
h's web. He Immediately saM. •'What'? i
matter?'' and being assured that we
r.nly carr.o as fr5cn<is. h<? rather pu'.lonlr."
traced hlrr.f^lf against the rvall and main- ]
tair.e'l the trrditiona! Ptolid'iy of h'.s rareJ
Vv'hcn the doctor called for a light, a
rather comely and surprisingly clean- I
looking: Chinese worruin made her ffV'JC-ir- j
anc? with throe or four Hinted wax ta- !
per? in her hand, considering Them rufll- !
ci*nt to phow us thror.gh tl^e dark rub- j
trrrar.ean passage. \Ye did not ncpci to be i
o.-^itrhter.od as to she cigrificancc nf the !
« xpr^Hsion "low bridpe." arid we all en- i
TTer! in a ptonpir.p posture, here and ;
there earning acrors nn unevenness In the
floor, which made even the uncertain light
of t.he tapprs most welcome. The passage i
"wisted. u:ioven. low. dark, dirty and j
5n overy arxy forbidding, with Pir.e'.l Into'.- i
erabte. After ccindinc our way and loping !
fill rerord of our direction through the
'nrtuf.-.is passage the good lady of the
hou«=e rather proudly pointed to the ter
mination of the uncp.nrty hallwav in a
vewer. and seemed rather proud lof the
diftinction of havin? Bach a curio'city to
exhibit. And In order to prove that" the I
cnr.noction v.-as direct, which we-, for ob
rloca reasons, did not care to verify, she
ran Irto the Ftreet and pointed to the!
rnanhoJe. an.! in her broken English and •
fulsome gesticulations she twisied her'
•irm to slinw the general course of the'
connection. This, however, seemingly did !
not plrsw th" oM man. who In ir.diRrjant
= nd unimellierible lanpuage took her to i
xn>k for hf-r female var.iti'.
DR. GEORGE FREDERICK SHRA
DY of N'ew York, one of the most
celebrated surgeons In the country,
widely known as an editor and writ
er of marked ability, arrived at the Pal
ace Hotel yesterday for a brief visit to
i...e city. He is an authority on sanitarv
matters and will be eagerly consulted by
the State and local health autnorities dur
ing his stay here.
Dr. Shrady has been considered an au
thority in the East for more than fortv
years. He was born In New York City in
:S3.. coming from old revolutionary stock
He was educated In private schools and
at the College of the City of Vew York
and received his degree "of M. D from
The collrge of Physicians and Surgeon*
New \or*. in 185s. in the same vearhe
was awarded the intercolle^iat^ medaf for
nrofldency in anatomy at Bellov ue Hos
pital From the day he entered upon the
practice of his profession he went P ra pidlv
to the front and was soon considered in
authority on surgical matters Since 1W
he has been surgeon of St. Franci" Ho4ni
\Sb SSE*&* : «"""»»lns surgeon of X
New York Cancer Hospital of th* rAinm
bia Hospital. New York; of the fed Cro^
Hospital. New York: of the Home foi- In
curables. Foranam N\ Y.. ani of «he v««
far Hospital. Pouehkeepsie. X. y n urin e
the. Civil War he «-r*W «.. . awininf
surgeon at the Central Park HosniLal
New York, and afterward saw active
vice at the front. Dr. Shradv attended
<^enera4 Grant during h!s» laj-t illness ami
by his skill greatly lightened the suffer?
er'B cloKlr- hours. During the final Ill
ness of Emperor Frederick he was con
stantly consulted Vf Sir Morell Macken
zie. In the case of President Garlleld h*>
acted on behalf of tne staff ns su'cical
pathologist to make a report to* the pro
fcrfion and the public on the results of
the autopsy. In his own surgical prac
tice he is very conservative, but when
determined oa a:i operation performs it
with boldness and precision.
Dr. Bhrady has always contributed ex
tensively to medical Journal. He was for
several years editor of the American Med
ical Times, and in 1S66. when the Med-
Record was founded, was chc?en editcr
ln-chlef, having perved as such for more
than thirty years. Responding to invita
tions from various, leading literary maga-
FAMOUS SURGEON.
DR. G. F. SHRADY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
require neither microscopes, detectives nor
medical student? who never saw a case of the
disease in their lives to discover the same; and
whereas, the Board of Health in seeking to pro
hibit people of the "Chinese or Jaoanese race
from leavlnjr this city without first showing: a
certificate of inoculation is an absurd discrim
ination In view of the fact that many persons
of other nationalities are known to live in or
near the Chinese quarter who are just as liable
to be infected, and that while seeking; to keep
the Chinese and Japanese from leaving the city
there has been no attempt to keep them from
entering: the city at will: and. whereas, the
Board of Health hai« not In any manner con
sulted or advised with this board In the prem
ises, but has left this board to get its informa
tion as best it may from unofficial sources;
and whereas, the circulation of reports alleging
that this city is plague-ridden works an injury
to the community which can hardly be esti
mated, and that at a time when the business
men are trying to take advantage of a season
of prosperity now open to us; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That it is the opin
ion of this Board of Supervisors that
there is not now and never was an
epidemic of bubonic plague in this
city, and that the members of the
Board of Health, by their repeated
and unwarranted declarations that
such plague has existed and is exist
ing, although they have absolutely
failed to substantiate their charge,
have placed themselves in a position
where they have forfeited the confi
dence of the people of this city and
of this Board of Supervisors, and for
that reason it is the opinion of this
board that the members of the Board
of Health should forthwith resign
their office, to the end that a new
board may be created which will
have the confidence of this Board of
Supervisors and of the community at
large, and should the members refuse
to resign as above, the Mayor is
hereby asked to use the powers con
ferred upon him by; the charter, that
the city may have a Board of Health
in which it can feel confidence.
HEALTH BOARD
WANTS QUARANTINE
'^jp.HE Board of Health last evening
adopted a resolution Introduced by
jl Dr. Baum declaring that there had
been nine deaths from bubonic plagua
In the district bounded by Broadway, Cal
ifornia, Stockton and Kearny streets, alco
asking the Board of Supervisors to de
clare the district infected and to authorize
the Board of Health to quarantine the
same. This resolution was taken to the
Board of Supervisors, and Wakefield I
Baker, who represented the merchants, of
whom a large delegation were In attend
ance before the Board of Health, made ai
statement urging prompt action to pre- [
vent the State Board of Health from car
rying out Its threat of quarantining
against San Francisco. Supervisors
Brandenstein. D'Ancona and McCarthy 1
spoke. Without dissent' it was voted to j
meet at 11 o'clock to-day to consider the i
matter, when . the Board of Health, the,
attorneys who appeared before the Fed
eral court, the merchants and all others
concerned will appear' upon invitation.
The following business men were present j
last evening: William Haas, Wakefleld
.Baker. P. N. Walker. Andrew Carrigan.
George Lauinger. ;Ado'ph Klau. John F.
Merrill. William Sproule, J. C. Stubb*.
Horace Coffin, H. D. Loveland and A. C.
Rulofson. i - - 1
Whereas, The Board of: Health has declared
this - city . to be Infected with ; the bubonic
plague; and whereas, the Board of Health hni
upon former occasion* declared this city to b#
Rffected with bubonic plamie. notwithstanding
the fact that the most careful Investigation ha*
failed to show any state of affairs to Ju-tify or
warrant such an assertion: and whereas the
history ana records of the ' sald-Dlaffue" show
that If there were any cases, In this city and
more particularly In the Chinese : quarter at
any of the times specified by the said Board of
Health l, the . spread of • the ; ritaeace ¦ would have
by this time become so general that it would
2
. Did you eve» experience th«w? Do yon node,
such feelinr now? If you do. then be cured.
HUDYAN'/ will cure yon. _ u A ,
Have you headaches or dlxzy speUs. aa desir-
nntprt hv Viz 1' Are you pale cr emaciated, as
in Fl- " ilav-e you » coated tongue or .of-
enslve treat" FlB **Zg4*g t^SvvrZS
symptoms, then take HUDIAN. for HLDIA.N
'noUcf fluttering or palpitation
iH£& WSSSSSsSfe
by •HUDTAN', for HLDi." never lans in
that dyspepsia and indlges-
HoVnre forerunners of Ulceratlon of the Stom-
acr? of ile"\ compilation, of Inflammation of
T^vir and Bowels? Tou can avert these serious
and dangermiT complications, for if you take
Mi'nv\V now you will soon he entirely cured.
JirnYAV wai i never known to fall in disease. V
" l h H nature tcr HCDYAX strengthens all. I
?he e and? that are concerned £1 the U!g ?S t!on '
of your fo° d and stimulates tnem to Perfect
aC T?r DY \K is for sale byMruKgrists— 50c a pack*
»,» nr t'ix paclcases for J2.3O.
If your drugjriot does not keep HUDTAM.
*rnd direct to th- HUDY AX REMEDY CO^
coVner Stockton. Ellis and Market , sts., Sett
Francisco, Cal.
?> . » Consult Free th«
j CONSULT 1 Hudyan Oo:tors. Call
EVERY DOLLAR
TOU INVEST IN*
Of*H!R OIL STOCK
will be devoted to actual de-
\-elopment of the » property.
The offlcers of the company
draw NO SALARIES anj are
not dependent en stock sales
for a livelihood. The company
is organized to
».CEr OIL.
and establish a buslnei ?
profit. Some stocks are tear
at any Drier. -, •
OPHIR OIL STOCK
is cheap at Its present selling
price. Fulf raid and'nen-
assessable. Call or send for
prospectus.
tcsAar >i Of flee. 402 Douglas Block.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Miils Building, San Francisco.
Loss of Appetite!
Loss of Energy!
Loss of Strength)
' '1 > r«0E^srSKi3'^k%iLjVs i *^General Wood Receives Grat
ifying Report From the
NO FRAUDS
OUTSIDE POSTAL
DEPARTMENT
PCKIXG. May S.-The diplomatic
ccrps is now in session, considering
the situatio-n caused by the "Box
ers." The foreign guards will cer
tainly be brought here. The posi
tion of affairs is alarming. Railway
communication with Tientsin is Inter
rupted.
TIENTSIN-. May. S.— The "Boxers"
burned the LJulino station en the Luhan
Railway, 23 miles frcm Peking, last night.
They also wrecked the track, destroyed a
cumber of cars and murdered several Chi
nese employes. The Belgian engineers in
charze of the work are safe at FInglai.
The "Boxers" are marching on toward
Peking.
It Is reported that while retreating sev
eral Bel clans and their families were cat
eff at Chang Hsin Tien, ten kilometers
from Feng Tai. They are now defending
themselves on a hill. No Peking trains
are running. The "Boxers" axe now bum
ing Feng Tai. It is reported that the
safety oS the Belgian engineers is doubt
ful. Several missionaries have been cut
off at Pao Ting Fu.
WASHINGTON'. Hay 2S.— A cablegram
received at the Navy Department to-day
stated that the Newark had been desig
nated to act as flagship of the senior
scuadron commander and that the vessel
sailed frcm Nagasaki last Saturday and
arrived at the Taku forts yesterday. Rear
Admiral KexapfT Is the senior squadron
offlc«r described in- the dispatch, and hi3
visit to Taku. the nearest point to Peking
attainable for large vessels, has attract
ed much attention. It Is believed that he
is at Taku solely for the purpose of get
ting as near as possible to Minister
Conger and the American Legation at Pe
king; and it nay be that he is simply plac
ing himself In readiness to rapidly dis
patch a marine force from his ship to Pe
king to gnard the American Legation, Just
as It was protected two years ago.
BRITISH TROOPS IN
BATTLE WITH CHINESE
Xative Xob Attacks a Boundary
Commission and Leaves TMrty
Dead en the Field.
VICTORIA. B. C. May S.-On the day
prior to that on • which the steamship
Breckosshire left Japan news vza.3 re
ceived there from Wei- Hal-Wei that, se
rious disturbances had occurred oa May
5 on the British station. Gulf of PechilL
Captain "Watson and sixtr men escorting
the Boundary Co=:=ilss!o=. which had
been enirased in delimitating the borders
of leas«d territory at Wel-IXa!-"tVe!. were
attacked by a hostile mob. Thirty cf the
attacking t*arty were killed. Tee losses
In the Chinese batta^on under Captain
Watson were two officers wounded — Major
Pe::rose and Captain Pertar. The Chinese
¦who attacked the BrtLLsii trocp3 tad Ions
te«n holding meeting to complain, cf the
taxe3 prcjosed to be collected.
STREETCAR WRECKED BY
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
ST. LOtri3. Hay S.— A car c= tie Belle
fentaine line cf the Trar^t Ccmpany waa
portly wreckctl by an explos'oa cr dyna
mite placed ca the tracJu by uaknown
persons at Xewtouse avenue asd Twer
tietb street late thl3 afterncoti. OSieera
Steelaine asd O'Keefe. who were detailed
to protect the car. were aerioxaly In-
Xore Japanese Arrive.
TACO1IA. Wash.. May a.— Tha iteara
ship Breccnshirc arrived tc-algh: frcn
rokohama with a fall carso cf freight uU
Condition of Affairs Alarming Owing to the
Outrages of the "Boxers," Who Are
wearing tne uapitai.
Great Demoralization in the Transvaal and
President Kruger Said to Be Ready to
.*. 1\J\J \i\J J~L\J ±±LLU.\JL t
FOREIGN GUARDS SOON
TO BE SENT TO PEKING
ROBERTS WITHIN A DAY'S
MARCH OF JOHANNESBURG
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29. 1900.
T OXDOX. May 23.-3 A. 21.— Lord
LB rti :s now within a day's
much cf Johannesburg and G«r.«ral
Frer<h cr.d Oentral Ian Hamilton
ir-vsr'T.'. tfac Bo-rrs from noon until
- - b SIssSay. with what result Is
: -¦ r. bere.
I. J. "^"iLiE^m '.Ti a dispatch r zo the DaQy
Me.: cared il~v 2s says:
"The decicraiizaticn cf the Transvaal
is remarkable. Panic and confusion pre
nU fv^rjuberc Every one is weary of
tr.« -vzjt and fsU of fesr as to the coming
cf the British. Operations were being 1
a f r er.circlir.? Pretoria with
Craptle cotr.='wn ; '-atl'3=s. Fourteen
p^:i~zs Ea tibe lixe ct defenses were can
r.tctfd with he*£cnaxters and with the
Starts Artillery, but this apparently wej
tb« czly <ler"tr:s:ve c:easure adopted.
Th'.-r mrerf co other vbsOtm preparations.
"Not Btacb crW :s likely to be fotmd
In the txesz&rr; The talaries of the of
:.-'.-..- z.z.1 .u-:f?5 har^ net been paid, cr
hav* Imcb z^-ii cniy la national bank
Beta wtich will b« wcrth.i€55 when' I>ora
Robert* arrives. The seat cf government
¦will be removed to Watervaibovan. a
ma'.; itmtSea en the Dcl&goa Bay Rail
road lir.e, and then. If necessary, to Ly
«e=2rt=rz.
Cc—plain cf Bcberts' Tactics.
Both Pr^siient Steyr. ard President
Krzgtx c-r=plaia bitterly cf Lcrd K-ob
erts' 'jr.fair tactics In r^fusir-g to meet
the B'.crs is positions choker: by them and
¦ "-sliy tcrring them by Sar.k move-
Art ur .5 Jchanresburg a few trerchea
¦ - - :: b-ix. no other steps have
bees t2j£or« for defense. The railway lir.e
oe£cd with refugees frcra the -n-cst
z.- i BOCUEWQFt. who are parked I:ie sar-
Es trccks.
'The roTcrzaaest is cow tndeavorins
to rea«5-_re the r-blic by telling them
that the British will not outrage and
pSxssder tttesw bat it is too late. The pre
riooa rsfKrta.teTnf.ati are r. ringing their
rewards. Food :s very scarce Bad prices
role
The proposxl to release the British
prisoner* cf war is due to this cause.
M?:rr-*T? of the s.*4 cf the
Vr.;i;«rraaii *Tjre?s npiawvai cf the pro
pcs&l, btit Pre£i<ier.t Kr-jg-er Is \-ioIent!y
wed ta It.
"One frnn cf infcrrjal marhize which
rr.^ts with nst:ch a 7: pr aval Is to be laid
LONDON, May 29.— The
following is the oath.
•which. Sir B*dvers
Buller administers to rebels:
*% a British subject, do
hereby swear that I was
forced by the Qneen's enemies
to take up arms against her
Hajesty's trocps. I near
hand in iny horse, rine,' am
munition, and if permitted I
Trill proceed direct to my farm
and remain there as a loyal
British, subject until her
Majesty's pleasure. I promise
not to communicate ¦dth, aid
cr abet her Majesty's enemies
undsr penalty of death."
Coil Cronje, a sen of Piet
Crcnje. signed the declaration,
but arms were subsequently
found en his farm.
under the rails ci various lines. A pres
sure cf seme tons weight cf the engine
will cause this to explode with most ter
rible effect. Many of these machines are
b<rin? made at the arsenal and great cau
tion will have to be employed tn neutraliz
ing them.
Chang« in Public Opinion
"There has been a decided charge In
public opinion, which has become quite
English. The burghers on command sing
"God Save the Queen." and they cannot b**
stepped. All are sick of warfare. In the
towns the rabid anti-English are less
rampant. People are thinking of their
property. The party eager for surrender
is now very influential, and Includes th«
principal leaders at the front. The intel
ligent public feel that the game is up.
FiLl^e news no longer has any effect, and
the lying reports of the newspapers are
universally disbelieved. Although the
hard cf the censor has been very heavy
en news of all kinds recently every one
believes the worst.
"The Government has arranged to con
tinue the notation against the British oc
cupation cf the two republics on*the con
tir«;t cf Europe, tn Great Britain and ia
the United States. Great efforts are to
be mace In this direction and no expense
will be spared. I have excellent reasons
for believing that the Bewaarplaatsen
rights have been sold to a French syndi
cate, without the sanction of the Volks
raad. The Government hopes by this
rr.ear.s to bring about French Intervention
for the protection of French rights in the
Witwatersrand and thus to cause Eng
land grave diSculties.
TTla conduct of United States Consul
Kay ft admirably discreet and meets with
•universal praise alike from Beer and Brit
ish sympathizers."
Urging Krujrer to Make Peace.
Another dispatch frcm Lourenzo Mar
ques says:
"General Louis Botha is at Pretoria
urging President Krurer to arrange peace
terms. Runaway burghers from Laings
Nek passed through Heidelberg last night.
Wounded oScials ar.d their families are
leaving Johannesburg and Pretoria for
Lydenburg. President Steyn occupies the
house of a Erltish resident at Pretoria.
••Passengers arriving at Lourenzc llar
q^es Monday from Pretoria said it was
believed there that the British would not
be at the capital for a month. Neverthe
less there was much anxiety,"
ROBERTS IS EIGHTEEN
MILES FROM JOHANNESBURG
LONDON. May S.-The War O3ce Just
b-fore midnight published the following
dispatch from Lord Roberts:
"KLIP RIVER. Transvaal. May S. 3:23
p. n. — We marched t-arenty z&IIes to-day
and are now eighteen miles from Johan
nesburg-. The enemy had prepared sev
eral positions where they Intended to op
pose us. but they abandoned one aiter the
other as we nearefi them.
"VTe pressed them eo hard that they
tad enly just time to get tneir five guns I
Into train and leave as soon as some of '
the Westrallan Infactry dashed Into It.
"French's and Ian Hamilton's forces are
apparently engaged with the enemy about
ten miles to our left, as £zing has been
heard since noca.
"The farmers near our line of advance
are surrendering with their arms and
horses.
"Rundle occupied Senekal on May 21.
No report of what tcok place has reached
me yet."
RUMOR THAT FREtNCH
ENTERED JOHANNESBURG
CAPE TO-WN. May IS.— It is rumored
here that General French has entered Jo
hannesburg.
LONDON. May 2S.— The rumor that Jo
hannesburg has been occupied by General
French, coupled with the Stock Exchange
report that the Boers had agreed to sur
render unconditionally, served to consid
erably improve the Kaffir market this aft
ernoon.
m
GENERAL BOTHA
URGED CAPITULATION
LONDON, May 23.— The Lourenzo llar
ques correspondent of the Timea tele
graphing- Monday says:
"Cojnmar.dant General Botha consulted
the Transvaal Government a few days
ago. and. in the strongest terms, urged
capitulation, recognizing that the strug
gle is utterly hopek-ss. Neither persua
sion nor the liberal use of the "sjambok"
can induce the men to "stand.
"£:eyn is equally emphatic for peace.
but Kruger is still obdurate. The strong
feeling of the Pretoria peace party, how
ever, ma- at any moment carry the point.
"V.-hiie the reports of a possible border
conflict between the Boers and the Portu
guese are not credited here, the uneasi
ness of local oScials continues. All sorts
o» sensational rumors are afloat. The
latest is cf the hauling down of the Portu
guese Sag at the Portuguese consulate in
Pretoria. The Boers are undoubtedly
strengthening their commandoes on the
border."
According- to a special dispatch from
Lourenzo Marques there are SCO Boers on
tue Portuguese border.
BUNDLE OCCUPIES SENEKAL.
SENEKAL, Sunday, May 17.— General
Rundle, with artillery, the Yeomanry and
the tViishires, Middlesex and Leicester
regiments under Major Dalbiac. has oc
cupied Senekal. whence the Boers were
driven by a few shells, A field cornet ana
a number cf other Boers were killed.
The British casualt?es numbered eleven.
The Boers are believed to be concen
trating near Bethlehem.
SALISBURY HAY RETTRE.
LONDON. May 2S.— A rumor -was cur
rent in the lobbies of the. House of Par
liament, which was said to have originat
ed at the Carlton Club, that the Marquis
of Salisbury will retire from politics at
the next general election.
SUPPLIES AND EECEUITS
LONDON. May 2S.— Advices received
here assert supplies continue to go to the
Beers from Lcurenzo Marques, and that
foreign recruits for the Boer army pro
ceed from the same point.
3ALF0UH HAS NO INT0B2IATI0N
LONDON, May 2S.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Government leader,
A. J. Balfour. said he had no information
in regard to the reported negotiations for
peace with the TrarsvaaL
Messeng-er Sinitlx at Durban.
DURBAN, May S.— James Smith, the
American district messenger bey, who is
carrying a message of sympathy from
Philadelphia and New York schoolboys to
President Krujrer. has arrived at Lour
enxo Marques, and President Krug-er has
sent his private car to convey him to Pre
toria.
The French liner GIronde arrived here
to-day with many Transvaal refugees. *
»
President Knitter's warning.
LONDON. - May ».— The Morning Post
has Xhe following dlsTpatch from Lourenzo
Marques, dated Monday: "President
Kruger has issued a public proclamation
warning all people to leave Johannesburg
or to remain there at the peril of their
lives, as It may become necessary to de
stroy the town and the mines."
Advancing Townxd Dundee. |
LOXDOX. May 23.— The Times publishes
the foUo-cinsr *rora Newcastle, dated Sun
day: "Four hundred Boers are advancing
toward Dundee. There Is no fear tha: our
ccramuEica-tlcns will be cut."
At the Cuban Clubs It Is Stated That
tie Irregularities Settle the
Question cf American
HAVANA. May 2$.— General Wood re
ceived to-day a report frora the auditors
who have beea investigating the treasury
and the customs departments. The audit
ors say that they have not finished their
•work, but everything s j far as they have
gone is satisfactory. At all events the
method cf keeping the bocks (s perfect
and does net present any dlQcuIty to the
examiner. Tha auditors are mt Havana
employes, but have been brought specially
from the ITr.ited States because of their
records a? experts. It la now believed that
the scandal .Ices not touch- any other
branch of the service than the postal.
At the Cuban clubs, ho-srever. they say
that the postal frauds alone "settle the
question cf American occapation," con
tending that this must cease as soon as
the military are withdrawn, because, as
the Cubans put it. "the only civil depart- j
ment not under military supervision turns I
out to fie a jrigrantie fraud." The argu- i
ment is tha: the Americans -will net at
tempt after these revtl.iticns to impose
civil government upon Cuba.
Acti-g- Director General Bristo-w Is still
endeavoring to reduce expenses in the i
postal department. To-day he ?s?ued an I
order cutting* do^rn salaries in the Havana
local office, the pay of the postmaster be
ing- reduced fr jm J-Q» to JKCO. that of h's
assistant from K-XSO to JliOO and that of ten
other employs by amounts ranging from
$200 to $*». Mr. Bristow says he is Cxin?
the salaries at figures slightly above those j
paid in the United States because of the I
abnormal conditions existing here.
Several clerk'Mp? have also b*>en abol- j
lshed. makir? a reduction of another 5>wO}.
In the order Mr. Bristow says that addi
tional reductions can be made in the local
office without detriment.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
CONSTANTINOPLE. May 3.— Another <J»a.;h
due to the bubonic plague occurred at Smjrna-
MIXXEAPOLIS. May John H.
Stevens, tha £rst white sattler tn HisseapcUs,
tiled this citemon ag?<i VJ years.
WASHINGTON, Mar IS-— The ITuIte-i States
Supreme Court adjourned to «iay for the term
and Trill not sit agaia until next October.
MINNEAPOLIS. May ??.— Jud?e John P. Rea,
ecmraaiider-iri-ch^f of the G. A. R- in lsST-ss.
die-! at hi? home to-nijcht from a disease pro
nounced hardening of the fcraln.
PHILADELPHIA, Mar K.— The forrcal
traaster ci th» R??utl!can National Convention
hall to the fcui'iiin? committee of the Citizens'
Convention Ccnrmiite- -was made te-day. The
big auditorium Is now i- the hands of the £«:
cratcra.
KANSAS CITY. Mar 3.-A Star special frssi
Sturgeon. Mo., says: Burglars opened the safe
of the Clark Exchanjre Bank, last night, secured
JSCOO !n currency and escaped. The bank car
ried £»C* burglar insurance.
FORT WORTH, Tex.. May 2S--T 1 - Nash
Hardware Ccmparr. Goldstein Cornpa—. . fur
nishtn« pc<c*is. and Edward* bakery buildings,
were destroyed by fire t>-day. Loes J130.000.
RENO, Nev., May TS.— Seven tons ci ore from
a recent mining location. tfcr*e miles east oT
Reno, knowra as tie Weidkind Bad. was worked
yesTeniar at the P-eso Reduittr^ Wor&s.jyid
yKlded |2C».
CINCINNATI. May K.— The rrand stazd of
the Ciacianati Baseball Club. Western aveaue
*nd FisdLay street, was alracst totally de
stroyed by fire at an early boor this morning.
Only a part of the stand was saved. The loss
la about *!3.0fO.
NETkV YORK. May 3.— It Is stated that a
socialist organization far prc^agusda work ia
teir.g formed ' amoriy Cclunibia College stu
dents: that Columbia College will be represent
ed at the socialist students' congress at Ja
maica Plair-s. Mas3.. May 30. and probably at
the international colIes-Sate ccngres* cf social
ists in Paris in September.
CHICAGO. May K.— la trying to drive off
Captain Strwfr's "squatters" frcm the Lake
Front. Chief of Police Ktp'.ey. acting- in b«
talf of the city cf Chicago, is alleged to have
cosrur-itted a. breach of international law. By
armlns with three-Inch cannon the fire tur
Illinois and the tug John Hay. Chief Klpley.
it is said, transgressed the agreement with
the United States and Canada, which pro
hibits any but & specified auEib<er of duly
authorized aad enlisted ships -jf war ftsra ply
ing the great lakes.
WALL-STREET BROKERS
FORCED TO THE WALL
Seymour, Johnson & Co. Carried
Do-w-n. b7 the Price-McCor
mick Failure.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Seymour. John
son & Co.. stock, cotton, and grain bro
kers. No. 17 Broadway, announced their.
suspension on the New York Stock Ex
change, the Cotton Exchange and the Chi
cago Board of Trade this morning. The
street was not taken by surprise. The
rircn was known to have, been in trouble
last week when Price, McCorcsick & Co.
assigned, and though it sent word to the
Stoci Exchange on the drny of that fail
ure that it was all right, and though th*
message was read from the rostrum and
cheered on the lioor. bankers and brokers
called for more margins, until this morn
ing the firm gave up, closed its doors and
made an assignment to Alfred Hayes Jr.
Mr. Johnson made a statement in which
he said:
"Our losses are about equally divided in
the stock and cotton markets. Leaving
Ioan3 out of the situation, our liabilities
are not likely to exceed $2G0.0». The loans.
if counted among our liabilities, will add
up another SC5.UC0. They are well mar
gined and can be taken care of. Our capi
tal was about $300.1*). of which $2X1.000
was Mr. Webster's and the balance Mr.
Seymour's and mine. I included my Stock
Exchange s«at among- the assets. Our
capital is plainly wiped out. I shall break
with Mr. Seymour. I hope to make good
every dollar and resume business on my
own account."
The firm of Seymour. Johnson & Co.
was organized In March, 1S39. by Freder
ick W. Johnson. Henry A. Seymour and
David Webster, the last a special partner
for $3»,000. They. like Price. McCormick
& Co.. went in for a wire business, and
though their connections were not so ex
tensive they were large and the nrm did
a big commission and speculative business
in cotton, wheat and stocks. It was cot
ton that broke them-
The banks of this city probablv hold or •
held, from two to three million dollars of
the firm'3 securities, bot many of these
as in the case of Price, McCormick & Co..
were put up at a time when interest rates
were higher than they are now and the
loans called in are doubtless thos*» whe~e
percentage of industrial collateral was
larger than the banks cared to carry.
PARTY OF GOLDSEEKERS
FORCED TO TURN BACK
Ecbccner Arthur B r Buffeted by a
Gale and Obliged to Put in *
for Impairs.
PORT TOWXSEND. Wash.. May 28.—
The schooner Arthur B. Captain Ackertan
sailing- from Seattle for Cape Xoxne last
"Wednesday, was towed In at 11 o'clock to
night in distress. She was caught in a
grale Friday nii?ht which lasted until Sat
urday noon, and two sails and her rudder
were carried away. While drifting help
lessly toward the Vancouver Island shore
an Oriental steamer passed, but did not
recognize her signals of distress.
Her . deckload of lumber . was thrown
overboard In an attempt to repair the rud
der. The vessel was steered with a spar
and the pale abating enabled her to r^ach
Neah Bay. where she was picked up by
a tusr. The Arthur B was fitted out by
the Chicago-Alaska Commercial Company
andrelehteen people were aboard beside
the crew.
3
ral French's Mounted Column Making a Forced March Toward Pretoria.
• From the Illustrated London News.)
STRONG OATH
GIVEN TO REBELS
L£XBO:r. 2£aj 23.— Is. a late dispatch to the War O£ce I-ord Boberts says: "H. J. Whigam has
cst returned to I-c-arenzo Marques f roa Pretoria, -where he -went disg-uised. Ee wired that Krug-r has all
:he arraagsaeais nsde for flight, presumably to Holland. A special train, provisioned, is always ready
•=ith st:s.=i up. The train -Rraits ssae distance from Pretoria."
ADVZBTISESIZirTS.
To go 2.^j-where witli =27 face in this
co^^iriorL," is th« cxpressioa cf a very
STfiaal fetlizg. To a beautiful -srcKran
-^ere-rden os the face is the greatest of :
=la="-:ues, her very beauty seeming to ;
ircre^- the disSgurerr.est. Ninety- |
eight ti=:es in everv fcrsdred, craptions !
Bte cured by Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
-^scovcrj. a^d the «v™ recovers its
inaicea^ cloon and softness. "Golden
llecical Discorerv r is a rsedicise which
icts cuyectlv c= the blood, parifyii^ it,
icrea^r^ its qTLirtity and its nch-
~^3S-*-~-~~<ztlz, blotches, pimples, etc,
"2 b=t surface sigzs of the cornipt
Llood csxrest rzderreath. -Discovery"
¦ -.'^V/i^J?^;^ SU E^ulecr^t, Mich
¦ J&EillFSZj&ZrZ B^T ***>¦ doctor* «ad
bc.vtli ta healthy "ccsditioa.
j The union label |
II £™5syHE union label on clothing bears the p
11 TBp! same significance to it as sterling does p
|p S*sS^ to silverware. It is the stamp of quality, |1
» „» , ; :um W j 1 j c [ 1 means that the goods are reliable. M
i|| Our ready-made clothing is union made — it is in the f*|
j|| hands of union men from the start to the finish of the ||
ggjjj making. Union labor is the bes: in the world — neces- $^
;|| sarily it makes the best clothing, particularly when p|
|| the right materials are used. Our materials — well, |§j
§§ you know we guarantee them by our willingness to £cf]
|s| return your money. Need we say more of the ma- |||
H The suits and overcoats which we are selling at a
«§p special price are union made— well made. |g
§| The suits are single and double breasted cheviots fll
H in black and also gray and brown checks and mix- |S
H tures ; blue serges in summer and heavy weights, and j§§
p black clay worsteds (single-breasted only). There are jvi
H light patterns and weights for summer wear and dark f-al
P dressy suits for other occasions. , |||
"*"' ne overcoats comprise black and blue kerseys with fancy plaid
or farmer's satin lining, tan coverts in summer weights ; oxford grays t^M
Ej?i with velvet collars — the latest in overcoats : also cheviots in black or f§£
blue — wearable, gcod-Iooking overcoats. These suits and overcoats are
iS| worth $12.^0 and $1^.00. At the special sale for this week the price is %}
0 suit $y overcoat p
Remember that all necessary repairing is done free on the clothes *fl
I Boys' Sailor Suits. |§
rfl For this week, a bargain in boys' sailor suits. Suits are made from fzt
M mixed cheviots in desirable patterns ; ages $ to 10 years ; braid trim- £-|
JJ| mings : French plaited cuffs ; whistle and cord. Just the suit for va-
cation wear — special price. r^
Si Out-of-toan orders filled. Tfrita us at onc3. #5Fire at Chico.
CHICO. May 2?.— Fire this morning de
stroyed the two-story residence of I. H.
Locey in this city. Loss, J250U; insurance.
$1000.
marvelous, and he was especially pleased
with the residences of the town. He said
that when the new dry dock at Mare Isl
and was» finished the Iowa and all other
high tonnage vessels would dock at Mare
Island instead of going north, and that
the reason for the Iowa docking: at Bre
merton Station was the fact that the dock
as It now stand* will not accommodate,
such a large vessel. Admiral Hichborn
is to make an ofiiciai visit to Mare Island
in the morning and a reception will be
given him by the officers In the evening.
Wednesday evening the Masons will
banquet Admiral Hichhorn, he being- a
past master of the Vallejo Lodge. Mn».
Hichborn is charmed with California's
climate and its fruit and flowers. She ex
pressed surprise at the abundance of fruit
and says the family -will certainly come
to California again to spend a winter
The party leaves for Portland Thursday
evening, traveling by rail.
Hudson; who has been editor of the Cap
ital for the past year, and his son-in-law,
Dell-Kiser, who has been business man
ager of the paper for sixteen years, re
tired to-day, the stock held by Mr. Kiser
being purchased by Messrs. Poponoe. Ba
bize and Cha^e, the other stockholders.
Death of Mrs. Samuel Kenny,
SEATTLE, Wash.. May • 28.— Mrs.- Sam-
uel Kenny, a Pacific Coast .pioneer and
widow of the late Samuel Kenny, who waft
the first merchant tailor at Seattle died
to-day. She fcad been a sufferer 'from
rheumatism for several years. She was
75 years old. ¦ > .n ¦; - ,-• -
Change in a Newspaper.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 2S.-General J. K.
Flames Threatened to Destroy the
Bntire Town of Reedley.
FRESNO, May 28.— Word has come to
this city of the destruction by fire at noon
to-day of the Alta Machine Works and
foundry at Reedley,- this county, owned
by Drake and Rollin. • The fire started
from the engine room. The loss was to
tal, the firm carrying no insurance. The
money loss will aggregate $3000. Six or
eight men. for the force at work is slack
at this time, are out of employment.
Bollin's residence, near the fire, was de
stroyed also. The flames -threatened the
town, and the latter was only saved by
the heroic efforts of the bucket brigade.
"Wants Restraining Order.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 28.— The North
ern Pacific Railway Company to-day filed
a bill in equity in the Federal court
against the Columbia and Puget Sound
Railway and Pacific Coast Company, in
which the court is asked to restrain th»
defendants from rovokinp the terms of its
traffic agreement permitting it the use of
the defendant's tracks between this city
and Black River Junction. It is stated
that the suit is the outgrowth of an at
tempt on the part of the plaintiff to in
sure for the Seattle and San Francisco
Railway Company, which has in process
of development extensive coal fields in the
southern part of the country, access to the
city, through which It intends to market
its product. The defendant company op
erates mines at Newcastle and Franklin,
and is said to be desirous of shutting out
competition.
No Recommendation as to Govern
ment Aid for a Fair at
St. Louis.
WASHINGTON. ' May K.-Chairman
Tawney, from tho Committee on the St.
Louis Exposition, commemorating the
Louisiana purchase, to-day filed a report
without recommendation, but giving an
extended summary of details and pur
poses of the bill, with tables on the ex
tent of Government participation in ex
positions up to date. The substitute bill
reported differences only in a few of Its
provisions from the act to provide for
celebrating the four hundredth anniver
sary of the discovery of America by the
exposition at Chicago.
The report explains that the cumber
some national commission of 111 members
at* first proposed, has been reduced to
nine, to be appointed by the President and
with no alternate commissioners. The
great size of the Chicago commission and
alternates, the report, states, tended to in
terfere with rather than promote that en
terprise. To avoid a clash between local
and Government managers, a board of
arbitration adjusts all differences. The
matter of awards and of lady commis
sioners is left largely to the local man
agement.
FOUNDRY BURNED.
COMMITTEE REPORTS
THE EXPOSITION BILL
Owens Pleads Not Guilty.
SKIS1TX, May 2S. — John' Owens, charged
with the murder of Daniel H. Wilson,
was arraigned in the Superior Court to
day and entered a plea of not guilty. The
trial will take place In the latter part of
San Francisco-Chicago trains would start
July 1. Three limited trains between Chi
cago an«l San Francisco will be operated
weekly.
Santa Fe Trains.
LOS ANGELES, May 2S.-The Santa Fe
Company announced to-day that its first
Belreve Wilcox Insane.
SANTA ROSA, May 28.— The murder
trial' of George F. Wilcox was resumed
this afternoon in Judge Burnett's court.
The witnesses included the accused's
brother and father, both of whom^pave
it at their belief that Wilcox wa3 insane.
A sister of the murdered woman, who is
married to a brother of the prisoner, also
testified that on the occasion of a con
versation Wilcox had with her the day
before the tragedy at Littoh Spring
she thought he was insane. The defense
will rest its case to-morrow.
Grain Field Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWMAN, May 2S.-A grain field on the
ranch of the Simon Newman Company,
north of this place, caught fire Saturday
night. Owing to the prompt work of
neighbors a serious conflagration was
averted. About four acres of fine barley
was burned. It is presumed that the fire
was caused by eparks from a passing loco
motive.
Wants Woman's Parliament.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— Delegates
from Los Angeles" to the Wofnan's Par
liament at Milwaukee in June are to take
a formal invitation irom the city and
various commercial bodies for the Parlia
ment to meet irr this city next year. There
arc about D0O delegates to the Parliament.
f
riubrm-n were outvoted on many meas
ures tbey desired to have passed for the
protection of gcrae by the visiting mem
ber:-. The . new organization therefore
limits its membership to residents of this
county only.
Minnesota Farmer and His Wife
Fatally Wounded and One
" Son Killed.
ANOKA. Minn.. May 2«.— While, William
Wise, a farmer, living ten miles north of
hfre. was playing cards with his wife
«nd four children at home last night shots
were fired through the window from a
shotgun and a Winchester rifle. William
Wise, 7 years old, was Instantly killed and
James. 11 year?, was shot through the
right lunpr. William Wise Sr., ?,S years
<>ld. was phot in the right shoulder "from
behind, ten buckshots entering his bodv.
He is paralyzed and will die. Mrs. Wise
was Fhot in the back and will die. Kliza
and Martha, the daughter.-, escaped bv
jumping into a rloset.
It is not y^t known who did tho shoot
ing. The Wise family had recently moved
here from Wisconsin, where they are said
to iiave been involved in a feud They
had also had some litigation since com
ing to Minnesota.
NEW GAME ASSOCIATION.
Organization Composed Wholly of
Residents of Marin County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. May 2S.-Citi 2P ns of
Marin County to-day organized the Marin
County Game Protective Association,
electing as officers: W. Harr, president;
H. P. Stuciley, vice president: K. R Mar
tinelli. prosc-cutinfr attorney; W. K. Rob
ertson, secretary; Ira Parks, treasurer
The now cluV> practically abolishes the
Marin County Fish and Game Club, the
memb-rship of which was largely made
up of Snfi Francisco sportsmen. The local
FAMILY FIRED UPON
THROUGH A WINDOW
EXPENSES OF THE WEDDING. ]
-i
Senator Clark's wedding gift $S3,0M j
Trousseau 15,000 ~
Wedding decorations and church 4
fees 6,000 4
Caterer's and engraver's charges. 5,000 ,
Honeymoon yacht for four
months 10,000 -4
Bride's gift to her attendants... 150
Total cost 1121,150 H
N_.-_, -r-^-Dtr -m--,, oo ,„„ r««*i
EW YORK, May «.-Mlss Cather
|ne Stauffer Clark, daughter of
William A. Clark of Montana, was
married this afternoon to Dr.
Lewis Rutherford Morris at St.
~ ___ r-K,«^^v. TV.- ™™rr^ni- Tt-tit/tK
Thomas Church. The ceremony, when
was performed by Rev. Dr. J. Wesley
Brown, rector of the church, was very
simple. The bride's attendants were her
sister (Mrs. Everett N. Culver), Miss May
Pfouts and Miss Christine Pomeroy. Sev
eral thousand invitations were Issued for
the ceremony and the church was
crowded.
A large force of men was put at work
shortly after midnight and was busy until
shortly before the hour set for the cere
mony putting in place thousands of cut
flowers and other decorations.
After the ceremony^ a reception was
given at the home of the bride s sister.
Mrs- Everett N. Culver. Among the pres
ents, which numbered several hundred.
were several magnificent jewel pieces. A
stomacher and tiara of diamonds was the
srift o* the bride's father. Charles Clark.
brother of the bride, gave her a set of
diamond slldV*., and a diamond bowknot
was the gift of another brother. William
A. Clark Jr. The other presents Included
a number of pieces of gold and silver
P«ate..
dlately for a short trip. They will return
to New York in time to sail on June SO
ant j Mrs. Culver, who will leave on June
2^. The two couples will not go abroad
together because of the rule established
by Senator Clark, who. not wishing to be
rendered childless by an accident at sea.
will not allow the members of his family
to cross the owan together. .
Dr. and Mrs. Morris on their arrival ln
Europe wlll> the culvers, board the
yacht Latharna. chartered by Senator
Clark for the use of his daughters and
their husbands during the summer and
early autumn.
The cruise will be a long one. extending
to the North Cape. The party will also
visit St. Petersburg and the Paris Expo-
I sltlon.
Miss Clark's trousseau was in keeplr.sr
-with the other arrangements for her wed
ding. Only the most beautiful matfrlata
and the costliest laces were used in tho
construction of her wardrobe.
MRS. LEWIS RUTHERFORD MORRIS, FORMERLY MISS CATHER- \
INE CLARK, DAUGHTER OF WILLIAM A. CLARK OF MONTANA.
THOMPSON'S SPRINGS, Utah. May 28.
—Several posses to-day started In pursuit
of the bandits who murdered Sheriff Ty
ler and Sam Jenkins last Saturday at Hill
Creek, fifty miles north of here.
It is learned to-day that men answering
the description of the outlaws passed
through here last Wednesday coming
from Moab. After the shooting they rifled
the pockets of the two dead men, knowing
that Day and others .would return to take
the bodies away. The outlaws let part of
their camping outfit remain to make the
rescuers believe they were still there.
The men stopped at Turner's cabin In
Hay canyon, eight miles north and twelve
east of the tragedy, and took Turner's
best horses. Before leaving the leader
said: "We are going up Hay canyon and
will cross the White River. Just'as soon
as we get some money we will pav you for
the horses, providing we ain't killed. One
thing is certain, we will never be taken
alive."
Much speculation is being Indulged in as
to who the outlaws are. Some think they
are the gang who killed the two Mormon
boys in Arizona last April. Bush Cas
sady. the Jones brothers and Harvey Cur
ry, alias Kid Curry, are believed to be
. ViSvP anB: - Ther e » s a standing- reward
of $3000 for the arrest of the latter for
robbing the Portland, Or., National Bank.
Turner is along with the posse headed
by Sheriff Preece. Day is with Sheriff
How-ell's party. Before leaving Sheriff
Preece wired Indian Agent Myton at Ver
nal, the authorities at Rock Springs.
Meeker. Colo., Sherman and Wallace, in
structing them to send out posses at once
and head off the outlaws. It is almost
certain that one or other of the posses
will come across the gang within the next
few days, when some lively shooting is
looked for.
Direction the Men Are Traveling Is
Known and Sheriff Preece Has
Taken All Possible Measures
to Surround Them.
Murderers of Sheriff Tyler
Say They Will Never
Be Taken Alive.
ARMED MEN
IN PURSUIT OF
OUTLAW BAND
Dr. Neely had inserted in the report- of
the committee on church extension a. pro
viso that no money collected for church
extension be used for the loan fund, for
which point ho ha* been fighting for eight
year*. . -¦>;¦¦"! .••¦-.. ¦ ¦-. -' ¦
With the three business sessions to-day
th«* conference practically came to a close.
The actual adjournment dees not take
plnee until to-morrow, but to-morrow's
session h» expected- to.be hut little more
than a formality.' "Mp.ny-ofthe delegates
laft for tlielr homes to-nlcht. '
'The afternoon session was devoted to
hearing reports from the various commit
tees on business heretofore crowded out.
Tne committee on book concerns reported
in favor of continuing the annual subsi
dies to th* Pacific Christian Advocate, but
gtving the book committee discretionary
powers to discontinue the publication
shoald the expenditures continue to ex
ceed tho subsidies'. Various , other small
subsidies- were recommended to. church
papers published in foreign languages, all
of: which were approved- by, the confer
ence. ¦¦• v ,
Dr A B Leonard made an impassioned
plea" for the adoption of the majority re-
P °^Ve hear much about government by
injunction," he said, "but this is goyern
miTt by an opinion of a member of the
President's club. 1 cannot shut my'eyes
lo the faults even of the chief magistrate
Of R,v C fT'Lynch of Philadelphia, Rev.
F N " Lynch of West Virginia, Governor
ShaV ot Iowa and Or. Buckley also took
part in the debate.
Dr Buckley offered an amendment to
the minority report, which was accepted
by Dr. Price. Among other things It ap
pealed to the president to use all his in
lluence to promote the passage of the
amended anti-canteen law now before
*" Dr° r Frank B. Bristol of Washington,
President MoKInley's pastor, aroused tre
mendous applause by protesting against
what he termed an "unbrotrierly: unjust,
unpatriotic, unprotestant attack upon the
President of the United States."
"He Is to-day the most distinguished
Christian layman in the world." he said.
"I object to any man making an objec
tion," shouted a delegate.
Dr Bristol gave an international aspect
to the debate by -asking why the dele
gates from Germany. Italy, Great Britain,
China Japan and other countries should
join in an attack upon the President of
the United States. Mr. Dickie then closed
the debate. ,;
"This Is not a partisan issue, he. said.
"The »reat Methodist church, rather than
th»» President of the United States; is on
""The minority report with Dr. Buckley's
amendment was adopted by_ an over
whelming vote with the further amend
ment that the action was not ln the Inter
est of any political party.
Pacific Christian Advocate's Sudsidy.
Dr. Leonard Grows Bitter.
Dr. J. E. Price of New York presented
the minority report, which struck out all
of the majority report in which President
McKiniey was condemned.
"We are here to deal ln principles and
not to indulge in personalities," said Dr,
Price, amid vigorous applause. "This .is
not simply a question of whether or not
the President of the United States is at
fault I hold that the cause of temperance
and prohibition and the cause of the
thurcn of Christ cannot be advanced by
this personal arraignment of our chief
m .?u\lge Lore of Delaware, speaking in
favor of the minority report, paid a strong
tribute to the President, with whom he
served four years in Congress.
"I love *his elemental manhood. said
Judge Lore, "and 1 hope the Methodist
church will not strike down one of the
most loyal men within her borders.
•\Ve are chaRrined. humiliated and exasper
ated by the puerile and at>3uni construction
placed on the anti-canteen law by the Attorney
General of the United States, and with all due
reppeot to his exalted station, we record the
fact that w«?are pained and disappointed at
the course of the President ln accepting as
final and satisfactory an opinion without bind
ing force. Kuch an abuse of power is nulllll
catlon in its most dangerous form. Upon the
President, as chief or our army, rests the re
sponsibility for the existence of the canteen
saloon, an evil which h; has ample power to
suppress, a more deadly foe to the soldiers
than the bullet or the tropical heat.
Samuel Dickie of Michigan presented
the report of the committee on temper
ance which contained the following
strong arraignment of President McKlnley
and Attorney General Griggs for their at
titude on the anti-canteen law:
Arraignment of Mr. McKinley.
Previous to this the amusement question
was disposed of, but ln rather an unex
pected way. The ofiiciai vote by which the
minority report was accepted, recom
mending no action, was announced as 333
ayes and 290 noes. Then, to the surprise
of the large audience, on motion of Dr.
Buckley, tne minority report was laid on
the table by a vote of 2ati to 253. but any
attempt to take up the majority report
was frustrated by Bishop Fitzgerald rul
ing that It was not before the conference.
It Is not believed that any further at
tempt will be made to take the matter
up. Thus the conference, in effect, has
taken xio action in regard to the ban
placed upon certain forms of amusement.
CHICAGO, May 28,-Crlticlsm of Presi
dent McKlnley for his attitude ln regard
to Attorney General Griggs' interpretation
of the anti-canteen law was overwhelm
ingly voted down by the Methodist con
ference to-day after two hours of warm
debate. The matter was brought up by
the presentation of the report of the com
mittee on temperance, of which Samuel
Dickie, candidate for President on the
Prohibition ticket in 1S32, is chairman. The
majority report arraigned the chief mag
istrate severely, but the conference finally
adopted the minority report, which ex
cluded the paragraphs referring to the
President, but which, however, called
upon him to use his influence to secure
the passage of the new anti-canteen law
now pending before Congress.
Bitter Attack Upon the Chief Magis
trate Stricken From the Report
of the Committee on Tem-
perance.
Methodists Take Final Ac
tion on Army Canteen
Question.
CRITICISM OF
THE PRESIDENT
VOTED DOWN
The Klondike clean-up Is reported to be
over half finished and has been very satis
factory. While two or three thousand
men will leave. Dawson for Nome, almost
as many will come out via Upper Yukon
with gold dust they have been acquiring
during. last winter. The rush to Nome,
which at one time was expected to reach
at least 5000, has been greatly lessened
by the stampede of over 500 men to Koyo
kuk. Up to Thursday the steamers F. K.
Gustln, Sybil and Ori had also reached
Dawson from White Horse. They were to
start back as soon as they could load.
Many Klondikers are .preparing to float
down the Yukon In canoes and barges,
trusting to luck to get across to Nome.
TACOMA, May 28.— Within a week
Klondlkers should be arriving on Puget
Sound with mail and gold dust, provid
ing the ice on Lakes L,e Barge and Ben
nett has opened sufficiently to permit free
passage of steamers. The Flora and
Florence S. passed. Fort Selkirk May 21
and 22, loaded to the guards with return
ing Klondikers. The Flora had 134 aboard
and the Florence S. nearly as many. Be
fore the steamer Alkl left Skaguay Thurs
day a telegram had been received an
nouncing the arrival of the Flora at
"White Horse. Connecting steamers were
in waiting there to b,rlng the passengers
up the Yukon. It Is almost certain they
have reached Bennett and possibly Skag
uay before this time.
Telegrams from Dawson and Selkirk an
nounce that a regular rate war has been
started at Dawson between the smaller
steamer lines seeking business for Cape
Nome. Passengers wire suspicious of
them because they have no connections
which insure a transfer across from St.
Michael to Nome, ln consequence these
boats cut the rate to St. Michael from
tftOO to $£0 and $60. Larger boats offering
through connections to Nome were readi
ly getting $100. Tickets were being sold
by the wholesale agents of steamers yet
to arrive from the lower river. The steam
ers Augustine and Hancock were sched
uled'to leave for St. Michael Friday and
Saturday of this week.
i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rate War Started at Dawson Between
the Smaller Steamer Lines Seek
ing Business for Cape
Nome.
Steamers Flora and Florence
S. About Due on Puget
Sound. (
KL0NDIKERS
RETURNING WITH
GOLDEN DUST
. Hlirt.or>'— ••Philip Baurn Ans^acher, San
rnKarleco: Carl «.rover llrown, San Francisco;
"Walter Edv.ard Uyrne. BemsrOao] Kath
«-rir,s Apnew Chandler, J>an' Francisco; Marj'
J'.the! CoMwu. Lrf« Angele*; flrarft I'attlsnn
J>iCffle«. Palo Alto: Alible - Cln-h Durfee. Or
!an<i: Clan nialce E^ri. Napa: llavrn Wiisan
I>Jwards. San Jokc: Anna Oracme Fra^or. tian
•1r*e; Thomas I>ewiii McFadJen, Placentia;
Theo<5'>ra Paynf. Han Jo**; Mari-.»n Reynold*,
5SVM Side; Helen Hjerleii Ehellcy. San Jojmj;
« !aretu*e Unrton Ptrohn. IjOS Anirele*: Henr>'
K-..i-.t!y T*:"lor. £ao Francisco; Royall Ciiarlrs
Kduoatlor. — Klrr.er White Ktnraett. McCoy.
Or.; Clarence Edgar liawley, Saticcy; Wrne
Adrain McGeorte, nureka; v ilary Alma Pat
»er*on. San Jora; ••Minnie Stock'ng, Ran J-,uls
Knglish— KJl'.h Marlon Acworth. Palo Alto:
Zo* Sara iiartruff. JWllefonte. Va.: Alberta
IV-tl. I'as'i Itubley; Annie May IV? II. Visaiia:
Theodora U<nhe Borplum. On:aha. Xebr. ; May
L. <"ook. tfacrarnentu; Hvcrly ?Iahin Davis.
Fan Pedro; Olive Percy Davis, Sycamore;
Florence I>unhar, Pslo Alto; ••Anna Wyman
Flinn. Albany. Or.; ••Marion Fuller," £xn
JIuteo: Inez Kllen Gtirnee d»h. n.. Ijwrence
t"niver»;ty). Anileton. \ViF. : **Bes5ie Kdson
Henry, fian Jor;?; 'U'illlam Fi*k« Hear)-, Dixon;
Kai<» Alaska Hooper, San JJernar^ino; Elira
rirth AdoiaiiV I'ratt. Fan J'ranclsco; •?Doro
thea ltuth. <;hica«jo. 111.; ••Arthur Staler, Pla
-t»-ntia; H»rr> - Couch Ther.baM. Palo Alto;
•*<Jeorsi» Herl>ert Tort. Arroyo flrande.
Iiomanic lanjruiipcj? — "Mary Oulley nrcntnn.
Fao Paulo, Brazil; llnllie Pearl Stark, San
Jow: Bertha <rirnella Toombs, Mod°stn.
Germanic lanfruapei"— Kdlth Parkhum Aus
tin. PkIo Alto: l'aul E. liibfr. f-'an Francisco:
Incite Edith ISrar.d. Han Francisco: Helen «."ijb
l-erley. Palo Alto; 5'rnily Charlotte Dole. River
fide; Laura John^oti Emerj'. Escor.dido:
••Donald Gray llacl' an. Pan Trancisrvj: Isabel
Union Trek, f.an Di«go: Evanseline Wilson,
Klxnira: Ann Hartlett Wlr.n. fai.n iJiego; Char
lotte Wlrt. Sar.ta llosa.
I-atin— ••Wesle;- H?tr.cn Deach, Colton; James
Cllman Cxirf.n, BcuSdir. Colo.; Joseph Jarnkk.
>.!rr.ur.d. W!s. ; Ix'ia Wlnn. f-'an DleKoi James
Francis I^ancjran. Lr>s An^elec: ISertha Mar
eraret »'he!jj». Uc« Anpelps; •*Mab«-l Katharine
Fch'jpbarh. Pasadena. •
C'.awlral l.hilo'.og}— J&ha Wiliiami Talmer.
fan Bernardino. : • c; .•:r-- J . < , mH fe
Baclielc-s of Arts.
Cr'vJc — •Jc.hn Isidor V."a!t«r. San J'rancisco.
• The foliuvvini? :? ilv Ii(--j «>f graduates
t:pjE whom devices will Ik? conferred next
VVe^acsftay and t!;e Orpartmcnt in which
each take:; his dfgrre:
About to Be Conferred.
LIST OF GRADUATES.
Canaidates Upon Whom Degrees Ar3
To*n!cht ln " "«»nior ball" was given In
th<= Knoina Club ronnif--. The naUri-mm
Itod lobby irera beautifully «1'!c-urated v.-lth
Japanese lanterns and palms, thft prev:i!l
iwz tint teirE yellow in accordance with
t'ie cia.=s rotors. Abo'jt seventy couples
wer« prejtriit, rr.akln? tli<^ <.coa«ir.n the
ir.rjft ple.-isar.T of the coll*"-;-;" year. The
•i.TlrvineFg-'P were Mrs. Stanford. Mrs.
S*. il!n.in, Mr5=. Hbpiclns. Mrs. Branner,
Mrs. Price, Air?. Pease. Mrs. K:ir!. Mrs.
3:ai;er, Mrs. <"ha::c!ler nj,<] Mrs. Aldrieh.
' The class then adjourned to the quad
rangle, whero the class plate bearing the
£impl<- numerals *<*0 was laid in Its place
In tne cement walk, under the broad ar
cade near the new chapel- Charles
Quayle dedicated the r>lat»» to the univer
t:tv, and President Jordan, in a happy
vein, replied on behalf of the faculty and
university. He assured the members of
the praaV.atlnR class that the doors of
the university; which they left behind
tnt'TTi, would always be <_'pen to them.
They were tsked to think of Stanford as
tne fairy rattle of their Imagination.* with
it? doors always fwuiir ajar to those who
would enter. Thf "Century" plate makes
the fifth of the series «tf class plates
which will porne day encircle the entire
quadrangle and the university he said
was very ff!ad to receive it as a remem
brance trom i!j«j class.
. Tf>- morrow is alumni i'r.v and niar.y of
the pra<3uat<*s are expected back' to join
In the reonion. The principal address to
the alumni will he made by Professor
George K. Howard. In the evening the
r>rr.ni*-::ade concert will be held, ihus clos
p.jr th<* last nigbt at the college year.
AVednepday )? commencement day and
clr^es th» e;;orcisr > s of the year.
The programme was '¦ponM by a selec
tion from the "Idol's Kyc." p'.ayetl by the
BSlTcnstty orchestra. i:n«lcr th« loadersh;;?
if Mis? Winifred June Morgan.
L. B. \Vickcr?ham, profldont of the
graduating c:Ia*s. mado the Welcoming ad
dress, in which he jmid • the following
tribute to Mrs. Stanford:
To her whose life has Ijot. cr:e ince«ant ef
fort to make others liappy and la btlr.K cut
the beft in rr»n and wonien we would jelve all
thanfcs ISEpectally I'.as she b»t'n near to u».
and our feeble ¦rorda can n<-vrr express h"W
deeply we ar>i'n»ci»te nil fhe has done for us.
only "by livsnc up to the standard* ar->J ideals
vblch tbt Ir, her «3eiotion to a DObl« work ha.i
j iaceU l^.'fre us can we ibow bMT our loy
alty and that the s»e.J h»h laii-n upon sf«d
irrtiund and wetU J>rir.G forth a b<ur.teous h&r
vost. Her reiati. ns with us will constitute
jolae of the jnott lastir.c me'iiorics WflUSl tt.e
. rnemhers of the cmtary cla?!< Bill take away,
*;ni vii,Tfv«i «. mav l.e there will be heaid
¦tr.c B«.'n« »¦> «5ear to us a!!: Hail: t?:an!oi4.
Jiaii:
Prof^fsor Walter Miller tiieii addressed
the class upon •eucccps and Happiness,
dwelling particularly upon the practical
value oi a college education.
The clas!= btetory r>y Anna O. Kraser re
cited the acnlen ments ol the class of
I960 wry cleverly in verse and was well
received.
Tfae old-time custom of the cane pre
sentation was then carried out. i'resiaent
ficott «jf tli** iwpbomore class speaking on
behalf- c,f ISCS, * and President Copp ac
cepting for the frt-i-hjnen.
Ttit following last will and testament
of the ol.-a^s was thea read by Frank
Branch Ililcy:
I, tbe olafs of iroi>, being foun<i in wind and
limb, ind s >(¦'. cn->unh in tl-.i-- thinklnp tai:k
not omv to keep out of the silly ehap but al?o
¦to i^ick the fruit oi credit from the tree oi
knowiede*" to the extent Of LSM4W m!nut?F.
called hours for short, and being entitled to
l\" pafhes of mutton pelt, residing. livir-K and
c/ins in that certain rtalm and estate known
old denn^»l hy tl>e name and desicnation of
l-'-iar.'i Stanford Junior I'ntversMty, the urn"
r-*inft under the puifianre, crinrn.l and mle of
him who ip more dazzling tl:an the refplendent
fin. r.irire ' ¦ .;.'.,-.:.: than the moat briillnnt
star. m«r<-- moony than th«» mornlest moon,
D. Starr Jordan, v.ith the ailance and abet
lanoe of hi» Hubonir Majt-fiy Alloyii Wlrker*
tham. tbe paid realm and precinct belnjr
1-ounded es follows, to wit: Beginning, at
thence; from thence to them-*-; from thon\e to
fence; from fence to thence and over 'the
frnce lu»ck to earth KRain; I do. l»*"iievin(t that
« rptUof (tOBC is worth two in the bu.-h. .be
<iti<'-ath th" fallowing questions to our follow
ers, to wit, viz.:
¦ Vnp V.'aite'F cornet solo* tn the man who
Ffils fish to Winston and his obesity to Rab
bit Warren.
Kean't massive brair.s and his marvelous
tj-r*es t* the jjnior class, the r?yi<iue, if there
be any. to g'> to the tophomore and succeeding
<-iass<-s until cxhaupteO.
. Ha>=lachers popularity to the moEt unpopu
lar man in the Junior class.
Murphy'p «wea'.ers to the basket-ball team.
I-'oijK may they wave is my dying and un
dyinjf wiph. ,
. J^aniieans lets to Lou^ley. I^ong may they
also wave.
Harry IJelVs copyright on "Who done it?"
end ¦•\Vho seen it«" to the English department.
Tlie senior posters to the Japs and those who
t>i>ucrht them.
. (>ur troubles with the faculty to the police
man.
Cnjcey Brown' f muftache to the lawn mower.
Jclm Ezra Mcl»oweirs popularity to bis
brother for safe kef-pins in the rafe.
Broaden"* brawn to tr,e power house.
Hurry Taylor > talent to the tailor.
I'crty Gclrhrln Robens* bull Durham to
the stock farm.
Johnny Nource's innocence to be deposited In
the I'aio Alto tink-not subject to chock — to
be jj' v *"n the fr*-s^n-.an clats in the sweet, by
and tor.
Eavif' art of exaftinfr to the Horticultural
Society. ' ., ,
•'To tave ar.d to lose" to all who had and
lOFt.
• 1 leave isv hr.ppv home for the cold, cold
. world.
As for Leiter, I leave him alone.
As for Erb, I leave him to you.
R«i!ly I ieave to her.
In our wilt we will wininz'.y ¦will our bills
to U;il Collect them !f ycu <-an.
We leave the- leave?, we leave what's left;
l*ray what rnu'.d we leave more?
V. e leave our troubles a!l t ehlnd.
•Cause we couldn't leave 'em before.
: STANFORD CICtVEHSITT, May tS.—
To-day was class-day at Stanford and the
event was fittingly coJebrated by the
members and friends of the "Century"
class. The exercises were held :n the col-
Ir-ge chapel, which was crowded to the
Oreek— Harold Struan Murkleston. A B
<Tr!nIty Vniversity. Toronto). Perth. Ontario. '
l^tin-Helene U, reman. A. B. (Vassar Col-
» K n •¦,iTTi er V,^- h\ * Ft ' e(1 G «- an t Sanderson.
A.n. (Belo)t <"ol!eBe). Red Hluff: "Joseph Clar
bana if]**' A * B ' <l ' nlverslt y or Illinois), Cr-
Ofrmanic lanmiaBes— Hedwig Bertha Buss,
A. li.. San Francisco.
Romanic lancuares— Ettllla Bethell. A. B.
(Indiana I n!ver.-<iiy>. Henderson. Kv
Kn^llfh— Lily Hohfeld. a.B. (University of
California). Pan Francisco; Charles Lewis
i I tr xr >> T A - H ' 1>al> Alto: Hannah Adella Tucker.
A.B.. Palo Alto: ixnj|«e Suzanne Wilson. Ph B
(I nlvf-rFlty of California), Han Francisco
Education— Newell Harris Bullock. A B..
Pleai5iint Grove. Utah.
History— Sarah Emma Simons. A.B. (Wash
lr.rton. D. C.
Botany— Dorcthy Goodson Bacon, A.B.. Palo
Alto: William. Austin Cannon, A.B.. Washing
ton, Mich.: Amina Wilson MoXauchJon, A.M.
San Jose; William Franklin Wight, A B., Chi
cora, Mich.
PhyFlolopy and histology— Nettle Maria Stev
ens, A.B.. Mountain View; "Thomas Andrew
Story. A.B., Palo Alto; Adelaide M. Tucker,
A.P... I'alo Alto.
Geology ami mining— Ralp Arnold, A.B.. Pas
adena; Carl Emit Knecht, A.B V Los Angeles.
Doctors of Philosophy.
•Irvin Clifton Hatch, A.M. (Napa College),
Santa I?osa. . t
•Ji-soph Henry Howard, A.M. (Indiana Uni
versity), Bloomlnston, Ind.
•Degree- conferred Seotemoer 15, 1900.
••Degree conferred January 16. l?00.
Masters of Arts.
Victor. Fan Bernardino: Ernest Wilson, Palo
Alto. _ ;
Economics and ?;-<-lolo(ty— *Famuel Girvin Bai
lie. U>s Angel'-"; •".?gnes Morl?y Cleaveland,
Data. X. M.: Jfrnatius Joseph t:c*n, A'.ameda;
Francis Pt. Joeepti Vox. Hfl I>odce. Mont.;
••Thomas f=tarr Oray. I'alo Alto; Alfred B. Has
laiher. Oakrtale; Ernest Keforest Holly. Dixon:
George Qlbba KWIuCg. HoquUm. Wash.; John
Kzra McDowell. JUhltnd, or.: Bernard Tharles
Nichols Grar.1 llapids. Mich.; Ilenlly Sjholohl
ohara. «'hii*i:rn. Jaj.an; Fro.Jeric Jewell Perry.
Fan FraXKJnco; Krnnk Hranrh RUey. Portland.
Or. ; GitcfartBt Porter Ilobc-rta. Har.nlhal, Mo.;
John Elbm Bpttarer. Oakland; Daniel Ward
St&dtmulter. Fan Francisco; Gwendolyn Stew
art. tiar>ta Cri;i.
Lav.— John Harvey Ooverly. Whlttier: Wil
liam Ernest l_»i<k»r>i;. Eureka; Samuel Francis
<iaihes. Ka Conner. V\'a*h.: 'Fred Henry
• Jreent-baum. ?an 1'iar.riFc-o; Otto Henry Hahn,
San Francisco; Swan Taraldson Iltigrevoll. Palo
Alto: John Fusene Law. Pomona; William <"arr
Mrlnnia, Han Francisco; Chester Griffin Mur
phy. Or.: KrneM Pape. Oak
land; ""I^ouis tSavan] JViroe. Kirksville, Mo.;
'•Samuel Ponrman Jr., San Francisco; Charles
yuayl». Oakland: *f'aschal Roberts .Jr.,
Now York; Jclin Reynolds stowe. l'alo Alt>;
Hilton lUchmond White. Taconia; Llewellyn
Burl Wilson. Palo Alto.
Mathematics— Alice Rn.«s Bailey, Silver City,
N. M.; Huph James Boyd. Riverside; James
c U ]len Hryant. Mayfleld; Marlon Emma Dan
na>*. Ban Dieca; "Frank Doughty. Palo Alto;
Ernest Harvey ShiWey, Miller.
I'liysics— Arthur Jordan Edwards. Minneap
olis.
Chemistry— John Endicott Ch»i)ln, Pan Jo«=e;
Harold VVoodnua Durrell, Pasadena; Clifton
Maupin Karris. Sarrainento; "'Albert Sylvester
clamor. i; ar , j O se; wmiaxu Draper Harklns, Ks
-ondido; David ForMs Meik'ejohn. Botte.
Mont.; Thomas Jefferson R.-esman, San Jope;
l'crcy -.Seymour Tmvnscml, Palo Alto; William
Charles Twin:. Cleveland. O.
Botanr— Harry A. Dutton Los Armeies- Viola
May Lake, iranta Cruz; ••EMe Bell* MfFad-lrn.
Oakland.
Hygiene and organic traininB— 'Stella Rc*=e,
I'omor.a.
Physiology and histolcsy— Florence Emerson
Palo Alto; Horace Oilman Hill. Redlands:
••Fred Lawrence .'oyce. Pan FranciBco; tJran
ville Ernest Leavitt. Verinffton, Nev. : Clara
Louise Martin. K*no. Nev.; <3arth Parker, Sa
lina«; Henry I?aae Wiel. Ban Francisco •
Z'.'olcgy- William Fitch Allen. Holland Pat
ent. X. V.; "John C Brown. Carthajre Mo.:
••Oramanda Bortnv. Palo Alto: -Wilfred Hud
son OFgood, Washington, D. C; Helen Swett,
Martinez.
Otology and mining— Henry Herman Bell Eu
« • V l1x^ th niMe. Denver; "William Quinby
civil ' enpineerihg-Will Rainwater White,
olympia. \\ aph.
i l: J ect ,^ caI 'nBlnwring:— OenrRe Frederick Mad
.Jook. Mayneld; Arthur Harlan Stephens, Butte
Mont.: "Frank Rablneau Stowe, Palo Alto
l>njamin Thomas Viall. David City, Xebr :
Marion i Pishm Wnite. Rlverclde; Lkyd Blau
vtlt VUcke r «ham, Portland, Or.
vious import of the words employed by
Congress. There is undoubtedly some
force in the suggestion that in rewarding
officers and sailors who have sunk or.de
stroyed the enemy's vessels in a naval en
gagement it is not unreasonable that all
the difficulties of every kind with which
they were actually confronted should be
; taken into consideration. Eut that is a
matter which we cannot suppose was
overlooked by Congress."
Upon the question of policy the court
said:
"All genuine Americana recall with de
light and pride the marvelous achieve
ments of our navy in the memorable en
gagement at Manila. But this court can
not permit considerations of that charac
ter to induce it to depart from the estab
lished nilos for the Interpretation of stat
ute?. Nor can we allow our judgment to
be influenced by the circumstances that
Congress has recently repealed all stat
utes giving bounty to officers and sailors
of the navy for the sinking or destruction
hereafter in time of war of an enemy's
vessels, thereby, it may be assumed, indi
cating that in the judgment of the legis
lative branch of the Government the pol
icy of giving bounties to the. navy was not
founded in wisdom and should be aban
doned. This court has nothihg to do with
Questions of mere policy that may be sup
posed to underlie the action of Con
gress.".
The original claim of Admiral Dewey
and his sailors was about $400,000. The
Court of Claims reduced it to $3W,000. That
decision is sustained by to-day's decision.
The admiral's personal claim is reduced
from about 120,000 to about 510,000.
Chief Justice Fuller and Justices White
and " McKenna dissented. Ex-Secretary
Herbert, counsel for Dewey and his men,
filed a petition for a rehearing. '-;'-~
WASHINGTON, May 2S.— The Su
preme Court of the United
States to-day • decided Admiral
Dewcy's bounty claim against
- the admiral's (Contention.. The
effect Is to deprive the admiral and the
men engaged with him at Manila of half
the amount claimed by them. Chief Jus
tice Fuller delivered a dissenting opin
ion, and Justices White and McKenna
also dissented. »
Justice Harlan rendered the opinion of
the court, which turned on whether the
words "superiority" or "inferiority" in
the statute have reference to support of
the enemy's vessels by land batteries,
mines and torpedoes.
"We cannot do that." said Justice Har
lan, "without going far beyond the ob-
Supreme Court of the United States, Three
Justices Dissenting, Decides Against the
Contentions* of the Admiral.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STUDENTS AT STANFORD
CELEBRATE CLASS DAY
Old College Customs Carried Out and
a Splendid Tribute Paid Mrs.
( Stanford.
DEWEY LOSES HIS SUIT
FOR MORE PRIZE MONEY
Montana Senator's Daughter the
Central Figure in a Brilliant
Wedding Ceremony. -
CATHERINE CLARK THE
BRIDE OF DR. MORRIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY *J*J, 1<JOO.
... Queen Victoria's chocolate • boxes have
already saved one life. At Estcourt a
Mauser bullet struck the box which a pri
vate in the Second Lancashire carried in
his haversack and remained imbedded In
the, chocolate. ' . . .
SOUTHAMPTON, May 23.— The concrete
piles of new cold storage premises-: in
course of construction at the Southamp
ton docks "collapsed this afternoon and the
structure fell. Fortunately . 130 men . em
ployed at the works were just leaving for
dinner. Otherwise there would have been
a terrible disaster/. There were many mi
raculous escapes." \ Several men were- se
riously injured and one man .was killed.,'
Collapse of a Structure.
SAN RAFAEL, May 23.— The politicians
of Mill Valley are preparing for the Fri
day election, of a School Trustee to take
the place of J. H, Mclnnes, whose term
expires. A great • rivalry exists between
the downtown and the so-called hill peo
ple and both factions are -hard at work
making a house-to-house canvass of the
town in behalf of their respective candi
dates. The hill people are backing A. L.
House and the downtowns are putting
their faith in J. F. Tobin. The cau~e of
the intense interest taken in the election
is the disposition of the $10,000 raised by a
bond election held early in this month for
the purpose of erecting a new school
house. The; location. of the proposed
school is furnishing the bone of conten
tion. Mill Valley will have the school, but
the residents are asking, themselves where
will it be put, uptown or downtown.
+¦ -¦• /
Mill Valley School Election.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The passengers describe the robber as a
young man, seemingly well educated, nve
feet four inches tall, weighing 130 poundc
and wearing a white mask. He was evi
dently an amateur. Special Agent John
Delong is working on the case.
FALLS CITY, Nebr., May 28.— The pas
sengers on the sleeping car of train No. 1
on the Missouri PacUlc. which left Kan
sas City last night at 9:25, were robbed
this morning between here and Stella by
a lone highwayman, who compelled the
porter at the point of a revolver to aid
him. He had to work fast, as he only
had from ten to fifteen minutes before
the train should slack up a mile east of
Stella. There he jumped off, keeping the
passengers back at the point of his re
volver, and escaped.
There were not n«iny passengers in the
sleeper and he did not get much. Travel
ing Auditor S. G. Sprague and Missouri
Pacific Attorney J. W. Orr gave up their
watches, pocketbooks and passes. -A. J.
Frederick, a Kansas City traveling sales
man, resisted the robber's demand to sur
render his valuables and the fellow fired
a shot at him. The bullet grazed Fred
erick's head and was imbedded in the
window frame. .
Tolls Collected of Passengers With
the Assistance of an-Un
willing Porter. ,
HIGHWAYMAN'S RAID
ON A SLEEPING CAR
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— Rev. William
Joseph Beeeher. a missionary of the Lat
ter-day Saints, who came to this city on
Friday of last week, was found dead in
his room at 522 Temple street yesterday.
He had blown out the gas and death from
asphyxiation was the result.
Beeeher was sent here from Salt Lake
to assist in the campaign which is being
waged in Southern California in the inter
ests of Mormontsm, and expected to re
main some months. N JIe was evidently un
familiar with the use of gas and in his
ignorance did not turn off the gas.
— ? •
Mormon Missionary Meets Death in
' ' Los Angeles.
ACCIDENTALLY ASPHYXIATED.
Senator Luchsinger, James McCudden, S.
Dannenbaum. W. F. Kelly, W. D. Penny
cock, R. J. R. Aden and G. W. Wilson,
lie proceeded immartiately to the Bernard
Hotel, where a reception was held In his
honor in the evening. Scores of old ship
mates and friends visited him and talked
over old times.
Admiral Hichborn said In an Interview
that the gTowth of Vallejo was something
Reception Held at the Bernard Hotel,
Where Many- Old Shipmates
Visited Him. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO/ May 2S.— Rear Admiral
Philip Hichborn arrived at Vallejo this
afternoon at 2 o'clock on^the tug* Union
from the Union Iron Works. In the party
were Admiral and Mrs. Hichborn, Elliot
Snow, U. S. N., and Mrs. Snow and Miss
Carmen. He was met at the dock by
ADMIRAL HICHBORN
ARRIVES IN VALLEJO
4
I Rheumatism, |
I Kidney and Bladder I
|j \. JliinsGnt&j i|
I Stomach Troubles, I
i Female Complaints^ l|
H Nerifousness, %!
II Gssfarrh ssnd M
1 All Blood Diseases* %
SKI -"II- Bottle. Fencl for pamphlet to c<
Kg :>;.:At DrugtfsU. . ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco. '»It is estimated that If the Boers should
blow up Johannesburg and destroy the
gold mines the loss would reach $350,
$0,000.
Hale Up*. (Inc.) (owners) with Wybro-
IIen<1y Company (contractors), architect Reid
Bro*.— Electric trlrlnK for building in course of
erection on lot on S line of iiarket street, be
tween Fifth and Fisth; J3CCO.
Mrs. Sophie Hrsera (owner) with Edward
MeOlnley (contractor), afch'.tect Arthur T.
Ehrenpfort— All work except p'.-jmblnR. palnt
lnK and electrical work for a 2-story attic and
basement frame buHdinz en let on Wlinecf
Ste!ner street. £2:8 S of McAllister. S 27:6 by
W 100. Western Addition block 3iu; I41SS.
Emlle Boesch (owner) with J. B. Pene (con
tractor), architect Ollvar Everett— AM work ex
cept excavatlne and brick work for a 1 and 2
story frame building on lot on N line of Teha
ir.a street. ISO W of First. 25 by 70; Jl2fi7
Builders' Contracts.
Midweek Etake. C4 flors— M. J. Kelly's Night
Time vs. J. C. Williams' Lily Wheeler; J.
Flower's Keyrtone v*. M. J. Welch's Millwocxt;
liusEcll. Alien & Wilson's Lady Emma ve. A.
L. Aus'.in'F tCon Lawrence; J. McEnroe's Oc
tober Wocdcock xg. 37 II. Perlsro'e Controller;
A. Idtnncn'm Lnwlander v*. J. H. Perigo'a
Penneffrer.t; *V. Calrne'e Gladj-s Weller vs. W.
II. Shear's Alartif; Oeorye Sharman's Walt a
LltUe \s. Fr«1 Hrrrinjt'B PL Kmo; E. M. Kel
lotrs's Ben's iii^c ve \V. Calrne's Imperial; J.
Futton's Glen Aane vs. Farley Bros.' Morse
Patrol: II. Hnag's Lady Norborre vs. H.
Lynch' • Lottie M; M. J. Welch's MUldale vs.
3.!;m- :!. Allen &: Hosie Claire: T. Lo
fan> L«M.h vs. Connell Bro*.' Good Bv; P. it.
ClirkBon's Flower cf Gold vs. A. Van dea
Burg's Naughty Girl; H. A. Deckelman'n Snap
thnt vn. M. Dill&r.'n ChalU-nirer: T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Ball vs. P. M. Clarkfon's Golden Gar
ter; Lowe & Thomuson'n Over the Bonier %-s.
H. A. I>eckelman's O>n Chloe; H. Lj-nch's
Lexlnrton vs. Cornell Eros.' Clover; J. itock's
Mtr.ena vs. Kay Bros.' Hawker; J. Kennedy's
Wine ¦ V.'oet v*. D. I>;i!on'K Prince Georce; n.
M. KeUoKZ'* Iowa Boy vs. Lande & Gfrber's
lilenx!; Lande & Oertier's Crncnrd vn.
Ki-1 Ko»<l; T. J. Cronln's Arab vs. J. Caveney's
Juliet; Conntli Brr-s.' Ln* Boy vs. Kd Bennett's
liey Del: Joe Perry's Bwcct I>!le vs. J. Segger
tcn'e -Gn\A Hill; A. L. Austln'B Firm Foe vs.
T. Botr<J:rsn*« California ; Russell. Allen &
V.'Ilnon'e £>ai«y Claire- vs. II. Shannon'^ Strand
r>t Gold; J. K'mp's Move Out vs. C. Brown's
Wild Xorah: I^ande & Oerber's Mount Ida vs.
Iloriran's Wic^and's Overture;- N. P. WMt
inj'r St. Anthony ve. J. Kemp's Hemember Me;
vl'.artels Eros.' Be*rr Barrow vs. J. H. Pertto's
Bche; 41. AIleHlikl's Terronite vs. G.' Shar
n.j-.r.'e Walt a Bit: J. W. H. MuUer*s Moon
«h:ne vs. A. M&ssey's Hadiwlst.
The drawing for the midweek stake for
Ir.^IrsMe Coursins Park was held last
right at Pythian Castle. Ttue stake -tflll
l>e run to-morrow. Courelns will com
mence at 10:30 o'clock. Following is the
result:
HOUNDS WILL RUN AT
INSLESiDE TO-MORROVV
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE.' May 2S.— Milwaukee J, Mlnne
apoll* 1.
BUFKALO. May 2S.— Buffalo 4. Cleveland 3.
CINCINNATI. May 2S.-Cincinnati-Boston
Run* postponed: srand stand and fences a* ball
park destroyed by flre.
ST. LOUIS. May 28.— Et. Louis played a list
less eame to-day both in the Held and at the
bat. Attendance C300. Score:
Clubs— R. H E
St. Louis 4 7 **i
Philadelphia u J5 "
Batteries— Hug-hey, Powell and Buelow Piatt.
Barnhard and Douglass. Urapire-Hurst.
CHICAGO. May 2S— After having a -good
lead to-day- the locals went all to pieces In the
eirhth innir.g. five errors and six hits giving
the Champions nine rnns. At his request Oar
vln pitched, doing well fcr seven innings but
weakening badly with his support in the eighth
Attendance 2500. Ecore:
<r} uh *— R- H. E.
£hic»?o 7 u 7
Brooklyn n u 0
Batter!cs-Gar%ln. ilencfee and Chance; Ken
nedy. UcGinnlty and McGulre. Farrcll : Um
pire— Etnslie.
PITTSBURG, May M.— In addition to being:
wild Doheny and Seymour were hit hard. Ches
bro was in fine fettle, and in no inning; did the
New Torks have more than flve at bat. Attend
ance 1200. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pittsburtc 14 12 1
New York 0 3 1
¦ Batteries — Chesbro and Zimmer; Doheny, Sey
mour and .Bowenr-an. Umpire— O' Day.
Clubs— W. L. Pet | CJuba— TV. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 19 10 .653!St. Louis.... 15 14 .617
Brooklyn 19 12 .6ia;Cincinnatl... 12 17 .414
Chicago 17 14 .54SiN*ew Tork... 10 18 .357
Pittsburgh.. IS IS .Oi:. Boston 8 IS .308
Fourteen Pirates Find Their Way
GIANTS SHUT OUT.
Around the Bases.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The usual midweek stake will b« held
et Union Cours'.ng Park to-morrow. Six
ty-four entries are named for the stake,
the drawing .cf which was held last night
at Py-thlan Castle. The result follows:
Midweek stake, C4 doR?— It n. de B. L-pez &
Eon's Diablo vs. J. Sberidan'g Forest Queen;
Bartf'.s lirjs.' Border's Ben vs. G. Abefcruni
tie's Miss Richmond; Pasha Kf-nneis' Kapi3
Addition vs. J. Carroll's Auckland- J. P.
Thrifts St. Michael vs. J. Potters ISc«nuiiis;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Q!oud vs. Pasha Ken
r.dy' Hacbssle: J- L. Eos* 1 Just Tip vs. R. E.
de B. Lojx»z & Son's Carmencita; Sullivan &
Trainer's S4y Selection vs. R. K. dc B. Lcpez
& Son's Wanda: "Condrey & Knucrht's Flying
Orest vs. J. J. Ker.ney's Wlnnlnc Lassie; K.
Jackson's Krag Jorjcf-nsen vi>. Krwin & L.yon'«
Silver Wines: J. p. Thrift's Fortm vs. St*rl
A- Know'.es' Kusty Gold: J. M. Hal ton's Tic Tac
vs. J. Carroll's Krin'g Hoye; Ct-nn<>ll Bros.' f-t.
H*"len ve. XV. C. Giass^n'F Sleijrh Bells; Curtis
& Son's Phaoow vs. J. O'Lxiwd's Sbootover:
< urtis & Sf>n's Can-Ielaria vs. G. TV. Helntx's
P.ustic Beauty: Sullivan & Trainer's Maid cf
thf Hill vu. fc'terl & Knowles' O'Hara; Erw;n
<^ Lyon's Silver Lyon vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest
As«ur«3; T. J. Cronin's Thoi-nhill vs. J. J.
Keenan's Mira Monte; J. L. Ross' ¦\Vlldwood
v«. Jeff Martinptt's Plita: Sterl & Knowles'
<<iita \s. H. K. de B. Lo;*z & Son's Crawford
Priory; Coonrll Bro»' Dunmnre ve. G. W.
Heintz's CocuKte; D. Winder's Random Aim vs.
II. E. de B. Lipez & Sons Minnie Wa Wa: Cur
tis & Son's Old Glory vs. Sullivan & Trainor's
<X«ie ;-".-.:¦ Boy. F. Chamb'.ll's Princess
Koyal vs. IV. Creamer's Onward; Connell Bros."
Mamie Pleasaat vs. F. Schou's King's Bor
derer: F. C. Mack's Delia M vs. R.. L. Taylor's
.Jleauty Srtot; K. E. de n. Lopez & Son's Soft
Gvxxls vs. A. 1^. Austin's Thorndale; J. Car
roll's Red Hind r«. J. Potter's Rnnas; Curtis
A Son's McKlnley vs. Curtis & S<jp's Commo
dore: V. Creamer's Jes^e Mr>ore vs."J. L. Ross'
JLR; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. Pasha
Kennels' Hay Utmost ead: M. l>unl»a's Erin
vs. G. Abererombie's Rock Island, Klr.c; Uar
t«'.s Eros.' Beer Brewer vs. Curtis & Son's
Blackette.
MIDWEEK- STAKE AT
UNION COURSING PARK
A person with a mathematical mind re
cently announced that in a programme
of twenty waltzes, four polkas and two
quadrilles, a dancer covers nearly twelve
miles.
- BERLIN. May 28.— The " big prize at
Hamburg. 100.000 ! marks, was won by Al
fred Beit's horse Ordonnans.
Wins a Rich Turf Stake.
LONDON'. May 2S.— "Peddlar" Palmer
beat "Ware on 'points In a twenty-round
bout at the Xational Sporting Club this
evening.
Palmer Wins on Points.
NEW YORK,\May 2S.— Solly Smith; of
Los Angeles. CaA, defeated "Billy" May
nard of Brooklyn, N. Y., In the tenth
round "of what was to have been a twen
ty-round bout, at 122 pounds, before the
Samson Athletic Club in Brooklyn to
night. Both men . fought cleverly and
honors were about even up to the end of
the ninth round. In the tenth Solly land
ed his right on Maynard's Jaw and fol
lowed it up with a swing on the nose,
which put Maynard on his back. , May
nard's seconds, seeing that their man was
groggy and practically knocked out,
threw up the sponge. .
the Sponge in the Tenth.
"Billy" Maynard's Seconds Throw Up
SOLLY SMITH WINS.
Winners at Ontario.
TORONTO, Ont, May 2S.—Ontario
Jockey Club results:
Five furlongs —Flying Bess won. King Car
nival second. Credential third. Time. l:0S>-4.
- Four and a half furlongs—Flicker won, Mag
gie "W second. Servant third. Time, :53.
One mile and an eighth—Barley Sugar won.
Miss Dart second, Sardinia third. Time. 2:04.
Steeplechase, one mile and three-quarters—
Pasre I'nrtout won. Charlie O second, Klnney
third. Time. 6:26. -^ -: ¦ _
One mile and an eighth—Advance Guard won,
Air. Jersey second, California third. Time,
"One'mlle— Krwln won. Captive second, Jucoma
third. Time. 1:46%.
Five furlongs —JVinone won. Royal Salute
second. Sister Alice third. Time, 1:04.
Social and business circles of San Fran
cisco and Sioux City, Iowa, were treated
to a surprise yesterday when a telegram
arrived from San Jose conveying the fact
that Richard FeJix Armstrong of this city
had joined hearts and hands with Miss
Mary Lurena Follett, a society belle of
the Iowa city.
The marriage, the result of a pretty ro
mance, the friends of the young couple
say, was solemnized on May 23. Miss FoL*
lett that was and her mother, who resides
at the Berkshire in this city, vl6ited San
Jose on the 22d inst. They returned to
Mrs. Follett's home on the evening of that
date, and the following day Mr. Arm-
Strong and Miss Follett stepped off the
train at the San Jose depot. Taking a
carriage they drove to the home of Rev.
Burr M. Weedcn. From there they went
to Trinity Kpiscopal parish house, ¦wit
nesses were summoned and Mr. Arm
strong produced his license to marry. On
the official document he gave his age as
31; his bride confessed to 22. Mrs. B. C.
l..ongdon and Miss I. Ixingdon took their
places beside the young couple, the words,
that made them man and wife were pro-/
nounccd and then began a Journey to
Bllthesdale.. Marin County, where Mr. and
Mrs. Armstrong have decided to pass their
honeymoon.
Mrs. Armstrong, in addition to her
beauty, is talented and the possessor of
a fortune in her own name. Sho arrived
in San Francisco from her'home at the be
ginning of the winter, and remained with
her mother at the Berkshire. Mr. Arm-
Strong ia employed by Shreve & Co., Jew
dcrs*
Mrs. Follett' said last evening that she
did not care to talk regarding the mar
riage of her daughter. She refused to af
firm or denv the rumor that the young
lady left a devoted nance in Sioux City.
Her only answer was, "I have nothing to
say. so can say nothing."
Miss Mary Lurena Follett
Becomes His Bride at
San Jose.
RICHARD FELIX
ARMSTRONG IS
ROW A BENEDICT
NETV-YORK, May 2S.— A cold, raw day
and a poor card , were responsible for one
of the smallest " crowds of - the season at
Gravesend ; to-day. ; Results:
Five furlon*s— Blues won, r - Schoolmaster iwo
ond. Beau Gallant third. ¦ Time, 1:82 2-5. . ...
• Mile • and - a,; furlong— Lothario won. Gulden
second. Mixlitio Romei third. Time. 1:64 4-6. -
. Five furlongs, selling— Skyscraper won, Oliver
Stakes for Her Owner.
Sweet Lavender Annexes the Clover
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Alard Scheck, the
winner of the third race at the Fair
Grounds this afternoon was the only fa
vorite to score. The fourth event, a five
furlong sprint, I produced the sensational
event of the day. The well-known Cali
fornia-bred colt, Yellowtail, was an odds
on favorite and would have won but for a
careless act of Jockey Buchanan In the
homestretch. Ed L, 100 to 1, Yellowtail
and . Frank • Bell . were lapped In the run
home from the sixteenth pole, with Yel
lowtail between the others. He was In
such a position ¦ that he could not force
through and Buchanan could not use his
whip. Many thought that Yellowtail was
fouled, but Buchanan failed to claim a
foul. It was an exciting finish, with Ed L
a nose lti front of Yellowtail -and Frank
Bell a nose back. The track was fast and
the attendance good. Results:
Selling,. mile and an eighth— Zaza won. Pace
maker-second, Tickful third. Time, 1:56H.
Selling," mile and twenty yards— Hood's Brl
cade won. Sir Gatian second, Jake Weber third
Time, 1:43^4.
Five furlonis— Alard • Scheck won. Ampere
second, Wild Pirate third. Time. l:02H.
Five furlong?— Ed L won, Yellowtail second.
Frank Bell third. Time, 1:01%.
Handicap, six furlonys— Fireside won. Theory
second. Van Hoorebeke third. Time. 1:14^4. ,
Belllnir. six furlongs— Dolly Wetthoff won,
Elfrht Bells second, Thf Light third. Time,
1:14*4. • _______
GRAVESENT) BESUXTS. '
to-1 Shot to "Win.
Buchanan's Bad Hide Enables a 100-
YELLOW TAIL BEATEH.
Up to noon the track was in good shape,
but then there came a heavy rainfall and
spoiled all the chances of a contest in the
Derby. Hiram Scoggan scratched his en
try. Highland I^a<l and Florizar, and later
Kentncky Farmer was withdrawn. St.
Ivor had been scratched earlier in the day.
This left but one horse in the race. Lieu
tenant Gibson, and he galloped the dis
tance, a mile and one-half, for the bis end
of the pur*e. Thus the famous Latonla
Derby of 1900 passed into history and
Lieutenant Gibson, the crack Western
three-year-old, remains unbeaten.
In spite of the very disagreeable
weather one of the largest crowds ever
seen at Latonia witnessed the day's rac
ing. Eleven books drew in to supply the
wants of the talent and did a big business.
James F. CaldweH did the starting and
got the fields away In good order. The
judges' stand was presided over by
Colonel Charles F. Price, formerly secre
tary of the the Louisville Jockey Club;
Colonel L. P. Tarlton of Frankfort, Ky.,
and Secretary E. C. Hopper. Results:
Six 'furlongs— His Excellency won. Unsightly
second, Islip third. Time, 1:16%. »
Mile, Belling— Eleanor Holmes won. tiandy
H second, Sadie Burnhajn third. Time, 1-A6%.
¦ Five furlongs — Droghe'da won. Lyons second,
Robert Morrison third. Time. 1:03%.
Mile and a half, Latonla "Derby— Lieutenant
Gibson had a walkover.
Four and a half furlongrs-»Queen-a-Day won.
Telephone Girl second, Erema third. Time.
:68.
Mile, selling — Lord Zenl won, Salverse second.
Atlantus third. Time, 1:46V*.
CINCINNATI, May 28,-The thousands
of lovers of thoroughbred racing who
gathered at Latonla to-day to see what
promised to be the greatest derby of the
year met bitter disappointment. The race
proved to be a farce. Lieutenant Gibson
was the only starter and simply had to
gallop around the track ' to win the big
prize.
Lieutenant Gibson Scares
Out All Others and Has
a Walkover.
MUCH VAUNTED
LATONIA DERBY
ONLY A FARCE
CHICAGO. May 28. — The weather was
cloudy and the track heavy at Hawthorne
to-day. Results:
Five furlongs— Ed Gartland II won. Boney
Boy second. Miss Shanley third. Time, 1:04%.
One mile, selling — Lady Meddlesome won. The
Elector second. Trimmer third. Time, 1:47V
Steeplechase, short course— Globe II won, Mo
nlta second. Zufallig third. Time, 3:22«4".
Flight stakes, six furlongs— Sam Fullen won,
H*rmose second, Tuthlll third. Time, 1:1SV4-
Four furlongs — Daltus won, Rio de Altar sec
ond. Fancy Wood third. Time, :51H.
One mile— Love's Labor TVon. Microscope sec
ond. Bermuda Prince third. Time, 1:30%.
Fligjit Stakes Bun Over a Heavy
. Track at Hawthorne.
SAM FTTT.T.TrNr HOME FIRST.
The Clover stakes, four and a half furlongs-
Sweet Lavender won. Ashes second, Lurania
third. Time. :S5 2-5.
About six furlongs — Queen Louise won. Bomb
shell second. Limelight third. Time-. 1:12 2-5.
About six furlonjrs— Plreher won, Nansen sec
ond, Scale3 third. Time. 1:11 4-5.
Mac second. Sir Christopher third. Time.
1:01 C-5.
SUPERVISOR TOBIN-I beer Dardon, Mauor. It's so dark I couldn't t
see uoul I
Virtually acknowledging their error, Jo
seph Cairn Simpson. M. F. Turpey. W.
J. Martin and K. H. Green, comprising
the stewards of the Western Turf Asso
ciation, restored the disgraced jockey to
all turf privileges yesterday.
Very soon developments showed that
HennessyTwas the "tool" of Lynch, train
er of the horse Hard Knot and others.
I-ater Hennessv was suspended at Oak
land track for a ride on the two-year-old
Lucidia, owned by Burns & Waterhouse.
When confronted with certain facts and
promised Immunity from punishment by
the California Jockey Club, Hennessy told
The stewards of that club his whole deal
ings with Lynch et al, and where he was
to l>e pronttd thereby.
The rrook*d work had all b«r?n done at
Tanforan Park, and President Williams
of Oakland informed Secretary Green of
Tanfora^i that the confession of Hennessy
would be furnished provided the ollipals*
<>i latter Track would agree to abide by
the decision of the California Jockey Club
stewards.
The statement of the repentar.t rider
•was Bent to the Western Turf Associa
tion, when, to the surprise of all, the im
plicated persons were exonerated and
Ueoaessjr ruled oft the turf. This was
Dot Justice Jn the eyes of Thomas H. Wil
liams Jr. and he did not drop the thing
until he had secured the reinstatement of
He&nessy.
Honnessy came within an ace of involv
ing the California Jockey Club and the
Tanforan Association in a very knotty
controversy. When It reached the ears
of The o^:c:aU of the track across the bay
that a confederacy, supposedly headed by
•*l>anny" Lynch and Willie Martin, had
bwn Conned to bea.t the books, a watch
was set on this pair of worthies.
R'.crht is right in any country on the
flobe, and yesterday Jockey "Mike" Hen
nessey was reinstated by the stewards of
the Western Turf Association.
Eeinstated by the Stewards
of the Western Turf
Association.
JOCKEY "MIKE"
HENNESSY IS
AGAIN IN LINE
Neill feels confident that his arm will
be ready to launch jolts, rips and smashes
on the night of the fight and he promised
to make Sam Pooler's protege unhappy.
He will work with a will and with the
idea of retrieving his forfeit money and
the long end of the purse.
Moffatt has rounded into condition. He
will keep up his road and gymnasium
work and will enter the ring to go the
route at a fast "clip."
The selection of Jack 'Welch is an as
surance that there will be a just decision.
Welch has given eminent satisfaction in
the roped arena and he says he will up
hold his reputation by rendering a proper
verdict.
Those financial troubles having: been ad
justed Jack Welch was accepted as ref
eree. Both men favored'Tiim and his
selection was made in short order.
As Xeill was unable to live up to his
contract Pooler demanded recompense
and cold-bloodedly drew down the
amount. This will not endear Pooler to
the local ring followers. In the past it
has always been the custom to waive the
forfeit money, but the Chicago fight man
ager overlooked^precedents.
Pooler not onlf took $125 of Neill's hard
earned money, but demanded and received
$00 from the club for extra training ex
penses. Manager Crowley was more gen
erous. He handed the remaining $75 to
Nelll and said, "Here, Al, take this money
and cure your arm." Nelll thanked the
Columbia Club for its courtesy apd then
looked daggers at Pooler and muttered,
"I will send you hoiyie a loser."
Neill presented a certificate signed by
Dr. Leonard which in effect stated that
the California;! was suffering from the
injured arm and was therefore unable to
contest. Pooler feigned disappointment,
and then made a demand for forfeit
money. He called attention to the fact
that Zeke Abrams. the poolseller. was
stakeholder and had In his possession the
sum of $250 deposited by both men as a
guarantee that they would appear on the
evening set down in the articles of agree
ment.
A meeting was held last night In a
downtown resort by the principals, their
managers and the club representatives.
The meeting was called at the request of
Manager Crowley of the Columbia Ath
letic Club, under whose auspices the mid
dle-weight contest is to be held, because
he had been apprised of the local man's
condition. Sam Pooler did the talking for
Moffatt. Nell] stated his own case and
Crowley spoke In behalf of the club.
Al Xelll and Jack Moffatt will not box
on Thursday evening. Their twenty-round
bout has been postponed until Friday
evening, June 8. The postponement was
made necessary by reason of Xelll's Ina
bility to enter the ring In fit condition to
make a proper showing against his famous
Chicago opponent. Neill's left arm. which
he injured in his bout with Australian
Tim Murphy, has caused him considerable
bother and anxiety. It Is due to his con
stant worrying over the injured member
that he Is unfit to do battle.
The Middle- Weight Battle to
Be Fought Next Week.
Welch Referee.
HILL'S SORE
ARM CAUSED A
POSTPONEMENT
compete. C R. Broughton and Roy Wool
sey were entered in the running broad
Jump, but decided not to participate. _
The track events were closely contested,
Pennsylvania winning every race. This
accounts for Pennsylvania's large score,
as first counted five points and second
three points. Following Is the summary:
100-yard dash— T. B. McClain, University of
Pennsylvania, won: George W. Cook, Penn
sylvania, second. Time. 10 2-5.
£80- yard run — Alex Grant. Pennsylvania, won;
Ray Servlss, California, second. Time, 2:04 4-5.
Shot»pat— J. C McCracken. Pennsylvania, 41
feet SV» lnehee; A. Plaw, California, 41 feet;
Roy Woolsey. California. 40 feet »H Inches.
120-yard hurdle — W. P. Remington, Pennsyl
vania, won; L. Hamlln, California, aecond.
Time, 16 3-6.
440-yard dash— W. P. Drumheller. Pennsyl
vania, won; 8. Metsger, Pennsylvania, second;
\V. P. Drum, California, third. Time, 51 S-5.
Running high Jump— J. K. Baxter, Pennsyl
vania, 5 feet 10 Inches; J. W. Westney. Penn
sylvania. 6 feet 7 Inches; R. Woolsey, Califor
nia. 6 feet 6 inches, third.
220-yard hurdle — W. P. Remington. Pennsyl
vania, won; Hoy Woolsey, California, second.
Time. 26.
Hammer throw— A. Plaw, California, won,
1SS feet Vt inch; T. T. Hare. Pennsylvania,
second. 142 feet U ! = Inches. McCracken did not
compete.
220-yard run— WS? I* Smith, Pennsylvania,
won; H. Cadogan, California, second. Time,
22 S-5.
Broad Jump and pole vault — Won by Penn
sylvania by default.
One-mile run— E. H. Bushnell Jr., Pennsyl
vania, won; Alex Grant, Pennsylvania, second;
C. K. Mciw, California, third. Time, 4:42. 1
Lessens the Measure of California's
Defeat in the Contests With
Pennsylvania.
PHILADELPHIA. Hay 2S.— The sec
ond dual track and field contest be
tween the University of Pennsyl
i vanla and the University of Califor
-** tla. postponed from May 19, took
place to-day on Franklin field and was
von by Pennsylvania by a scoro of 76
points to 23. California's most notewor
thy performance was the hammer
throw by A. Flaw. In this con
test the big- Westerner beat the intercol
legiate record by casting the hammer a
distance of 1C5 fe«t H inch. H« holds the
intercollegiate record of 154 feet 4*4
inches, made at the Intercollegiate games
last week. In practice, just before the
contest. Plaw threw the hammer 170 feet
e inches, beating the world's record of 167
feet 8 Inches, held by John Flanagan of
the New York Athletic Club.
A. C. Kraenzleln of Pennsylvania was
unable to compete, having exhausted him
self in the intercollegiate games at New
York on Saturday. J. C, McCracken also
was prevented from participating in the
hammer throw, as he is suffering from a
wrenched side sustained while throwing
x_he h.immer in Saturday's games. He
took part in the shot put. however, win
ning over Plaw and Roy woolsey.
Pennsylvania won the pole vault and the
running boad Jump by default. John Hoff
man was the only man entered by Cali
fornia in the former event. He com
p.alned of an Injured kne and declined to
PLAW'S HAMMER THROW
BREAKS ALL RECORDS
THE SAN FKAHCISCO CALL, .TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
THE ECLIPSE (OF STREET LIGHTS).
5
flf*/^Cg B^fftiHiff^G Black and colors — short length* of almost
"¦**• Cb»O<8> MvvMv every style in our summer stocks.
One-Quarter Off the Already
Greatly Reduced Prices.
All that remains of the vast accumulations of three month3' business
in the big store — remnants of all kind3 of new (this year's) mer-
chandise, already marked at "Remnant Price3," but to be sold to-
day at '.-._: -*?v
tk m^m^^mmmm |
Store closed all day to-morrow— Decoration T)ay.
See our "Ad" in Thursday s papers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVE1*
Alaska
Commercial ComDany
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
-AKD-
St Michael
THE FIRST-CLASS
S. S. SAN JOSE
BAILIXO
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
' AX 2 *. i£.
* FOP. RATES APPLT TO V
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Will saII from Seattle and Tacoma June H.
July 11 and August 17. The SSNATOR. sail-
ing July 21. will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing at Nome
will rontlnue north thro' the Bchrtn? Straits,
past East Cape on tbA Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passinr Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect th«
Eenatcr before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running its steamers to
AlasKa— winter and summer— for 23 years and
is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Lin?. For further
information Inquire of J. P. TROTVBRIDGE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.: N. POSTOX. M3
Washington St.. Portland. Or.: TV. PATtRIH.
124 Wwt Second St.. Los Angeles. Cal.: GOOIX
ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.. 10 Market
*t. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR QOLD DREDGING PUMPS
l/Oi\f U Were successful at Noras last
t\i\<i>l3>II >»«r. All others failed. In opera-
tion daily. 9 Stevenson St.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Iipi/fAM Gold dredging pumps, the only
JAwlOtlri suocessful pump manufactured.
615 > Sixth Et. , S&n Francisco.
DREDOINQ PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cap« Now*,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
gravel : has interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT A CO.. cor. Fremont and Matoma.
OOLO SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pas mo-
tion; In operation 26 Beale st.
EISGINES.
In stock, steam, gas, gasoline: full line: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., • 20 Fremont.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. 25
Beale st.. 8. F. : 34$ E. 2d St.. Los Angeles.
PORTAELE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
and .1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
OROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO., £21 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO * *&&•«.
INVESTIGATE FIRST;
BUY AFTERWARD!
Tb«O you v/lll Know. -Get our
' prospectus; It tells trje story.
Ophir Oil Stock
At 50 cents per share Is
the. best bargain lo oil Iq
Cali f orola to-day. SPLEN-
DID LOCATION. RESPON-
SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Office, <02 Douglas Block.
>'....":...'. — - ; — ¦ »
visit OR: JORDAN'S great 4
11USEUOF ANATOMY*
" C% 1C51 JU2XX7ST.tat. 6i*?A. 3.r.CsL A
¦ Hr ¦ Th« Largest AnatoBJieal Museum in the \
iJL«^ Wdrld. . W eikaer.e* or *ny eonuicted M
¦V- » ? 3l <!««»« p^iltlwpIycar^cJhytheoldMt W
ivigll DR. JOROAJf-PRlVATS OiSEASES 4
yttnw^S toa»oltjtkm freo tnd itrirtw priT«t«. \
1 J&^TQ Tr« iimen» prrjonally or by leitrr. A i !
fl ' if 13 n ; Pot.uxa Curt in ercry ca« undettakea. '
V H '' lift Write for Book. FOILOSOPBYeffi |
a 11^ OtASlBllACSB. UAILBO FUSS. iAf
A JX */L '"^»«lo«bl« book ft>r tarn) - .-.- ¦¦ : , ",~. *. |
f B>M. iOBDAH A CO., 1051 Market St.. & F. < '
•^^^'S^^^'^'^'^sV-^'^sV^^fe
THE ALASKA EXPL0RAT10H COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most
popular boat In the Alaska service.
$. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
SATURDAY JUNE 2
FROM STEC ART-STREET WHARF at 10
O'CLOCK A. M. SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second eaillr.r
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
office /' '*
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO. , 139 Post St.
AMERICAN LINE.
n? tori. BOXTTMtmrtn. lo.idcn. pIbxjl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York May30|New York June 20
St. Paul ....June 8 St. Paul June V
St. Louis ..June 121 St. Louis July 4
RED STA.^ LINS-.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May SO Southwark June J9
. Noordland June « Westernland June, n
Friesland June 13 Kensington July 4
tMPiRi LINE.
S. 8. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and oth«r Information apply to
i ¦ EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
C0M?A6NIE BZNXaALZ TSAKSlTXlKTIQITE.
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. V^.^-
Salline every ThursJar tastpad of <^jrT3
Saturday, from November t, 1S39. at --^"^r*3>
10 a. in., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morten st. LA TOURAINE. Mav It: LA
BRETAGNE. June 7: LA LORRAINE. June 14:
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21. First class to
HavTe, $60 and upward: S per rent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: r. per
cent reduction en round trip. OKNERAL
ACKNCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway i Hudson hul1dlnr>. New
Tork. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOCRQ
(PARIS> AND HAMHCTO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHEP.BOURO AND HAM-
BURG. aLPO NEW TORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURO.
For Salltnar. etc.. Apply to
HAMBTTRO- AMERICAN LINE.J7 B'dWy. J».T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. for PacUJc Coast.
431 California St.; corner Sansome. S. F.
Oceanic s. s. co.— uosor.xn.v, afxa
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu rn!y)...i
....Wednesday. May 30. 1W>. J p. ra.
S S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zsa- j
land and Australia Wed.. June 13. S p. m.
J. D. SPSECK E LS & SXOS. CO.. A qts.. .14 Montjomen
Mar 7. Foot Pacific St FrsichtOflce 32? Market SL
fiOSMOS UNI~»ff;E^
~—_ ... SKH A PX3 .400O Tona
Kon'lilr sailing tor Valparaiso aad Hambmrf
vi»Hezi«aa ports. Contral. Sonta America, etc
6.S. Luxor. (&00 tons, sails about Jun« I
, BAY AND BIVEB SIT, i A~MTr7B8.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MOX.. Tues.. Wed.. Thun. and Sat. at 1:15
a. m.: 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. • night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. nv. I
p. m. Landing and office. MUsion-atraat Dock.
l'ler No. 2. Telephone Mala 1508.
FARE ..............•....••••••.••»»•.»-. -*#••
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
fcv wharf. San Francisco:
|g*!n«w_ For Alaskan ports — 11 i». m .
BfeT-^V_ iIay :#! - S1> Ju ' ns 5 - Chans" to
ET^kSrVt^ company's steamers at Seattle.
fiffk. &r*Ai\3 Fcr Vlc torta. Vancouver <».
RS^CHjMi C)l Port ToTrn9»r.d. Seattle.
Efi^£V«!^.-'4i Taroma. Everett. AnaonrtM
* anrt >•>¦»»¦ Whafrnn (Vl. - .ish.>—
11 a. m.. May M. n. June 5.
and every fl'th day thereafter:
Chan** at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Taccma to X. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
IS. June 2. and everr fifth day th^r»after
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
East San Pedm (Los An«e!es> and NewDort—
> a. m.. May 27. 11. June «. and every fourth
day thereafter.
, !!? r^ an P 1 ***' topplnsr only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsno). Santa Barbara Port
Lo«rAn«re!es and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a
m.. May 15. 29. June I. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mardalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th or each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders-
The company reserves the right tf» chanxe
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous rotlo*.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents^
10 Market st.. San Fn»nel«cc*
thf. n. b. & n. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From gpear-street wharf at U a. m.
t ADC $12 First Class Including Berth
I"(IL $3 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
C0£.UMmA*SAiLSV."V.V."""."."*.*MaV M.'juae I
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Acrat.
*:> Market *t.
GOODALIi, PERKIV3 & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First nnd Brannan streets. 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. ealllnc at
Kobe (Hloffo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, e:c. No carco received en board on day
of salllnc
SS. HONGKONG MARV \J*r
ThandaT. Jun» 14. X$t*\
PP. NIPPON MART7 Tuesday. July 10 1300
BS. AMERICA MARU
rrld«r. Aumist 3. 1500
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rut**. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofnee.
421 Market street, corner F"!rst.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE E3SIPOBIUM.
CAUFORNU'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
Millinery Specials* v
Hats at a bargain tor your country trip or
to-morrow's picnic. feffi8Sw
$2.50 and $2.00 Split Sailors (slightly soiled) $1OO M^§^@T
$1.00 Shate Hats (black only) SQ G Z I y^fj
50c Colored and White Leghorns 2So t—r-^^Cf
$7 and $9 Tucked Taffeta Tarban3 $4.95 s+J&Z^^
New style, very pretty Trimmed Hats $5.0O \T
ar snnirn ' ?r stock? un?arpa-?ed oa th? Coa^t
1&BMn& — short lengths ons-quarter off to-day. ¦
l^sTl SSS&9 tfa g* \ofyy ramn3nts in almost every new style —
w ***BBBBZf9 • a splendid asaortraant.
53> £ 'Bt% jSw m, m*i #-» 18X> short lengths and pieces, slightly
&rZifS4f&£ltLPM3Xs> soiled in display— all widths.
5/3^*3 ££&s ff^*ir%0%0hSte^ short Iength3 ia a'l of th3 nac'v
WV«O!9ffM UimBSBS* tough t-f or kin is, still farther price cut.
ffi*°Dft9fart+*%!*&£hBitSai*> Hundreds of remnait3 of latest style ea-
broideries, laces and trimmings.
T«]|MMM^aaR««flt Siitablo for cushion squares and npho!-
B&pe&9me& 8terypnrpose3.
¦^ffflf^'lDMe Scrims, suitable for sash curtains and
**1UW w B&iffB9 door panels.FOR THE NAVY-C. C, City. The rule
of the Navy Department of the United
States is that "boy3 between the ages of
15 and 17 years may, with the consent ot
their parents or guardians, be enlisted to
serve in the navy until they shall arrive
at the age of 21 years." Minors under or
over the ages named will not be received
as apprentices in the navy
SPOLIATION CLAIMS— J. A. P., City.
This department has not the space to
give the names of the vessels Included In
the "French spoliation claims." If you
will . send a self-addressed envelope to
this department the information asked
for will be furnished.
ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT — C.
C, City. 'There is an engineering deparU
ment connected with the University of
California at Berkeley. Communicate
with the recorder of the university.
NO TORPEDOES— F. W.. City. Th©
official reports fall to show that any tor
pedoes were exploded in the bay of Ma
nila «vhen Dewey sailed in there with hla
fleet.
FATHER YORKE'S TRAVELS—Con
stant Reader. City. The narrative of Fa
ther Yorke's travels in Europe appeared
in the Sunday Call December 17, 1809.
City. A. P. Crlttenden. an attorney, was
shot on an Oakland ferry-boat November
3. 1S70.
CRITTENDEX'S DEATH— P. S. R..
LAURA D. FAIR-P. S. R.. City. Laura
D. Fair is a resident of San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
First Toung Man (as he tastes a deviled
egg the Hm time)— My I but these eggs
taste funny.
Second Young Man— Is that so? The old
hen must have been a comedienne. — Judge,
The Cause.
visable for the canners and the growers
of California to combine and work to
gether, on a plan similar to that now pro
posed for co-operation between the
growers and the packers of dried fruit.
THE FRUIT GROWERS' COMBINE
San Leandro Reporter.
The San Francisco Call has devoted
much space to the controversy between
the growers and cannere during the past
week. The good work of The Call has
been appreciated by all . the growers In
this section 'and will not be soon forgot
ten. The following admirable editorial is
well worth reading:
By way of meeting the menace to their
industry caused by the combination of the
canncrs. the fruit-growers of Alameda
County have taken steps toward organiz
ing for the purpose of handling and
ning and marketing their fruit for them
selves whether it be or ever was the
purpose of the canners to wrong the fruit
growers does not in any way affect the
wisdom of the action thus^ taken, and I It
would be well for orchardlsts in other
counties to follow the example. .
-So far we know there has been no
movement, on the part of the cannera
combine to Injure the orchardists. and if
the leaders of the combine be wise there
never will bo such an intent on their part,
for unless frult-prowing be profitable the
industry will diminish and the canners
will lind themselves in the position of the
man who killed the goose that laid the
golden eggs. The large output of fruit
will* decrease and the ; canners will then
be unable to. obtain a sufficient amount
of • it ; to compete with the rival . canners
in the East. . • .
Conceding . the : best Intentions to the
canners. however,, it remains true that
orchardlsts -will be wise in organizing for
co-operative effort whenever . it may be
needed. 'V
The , very forces which have made it
advisable ¦ for the canners to ' " combine
make it also advisable * for the growers
to combiner ~ .- .... ¦ ' , :
.In the end It will probably be found ad-
The society editor of the Dally Bread,
who was acting temporarily as news ed
itor, worked over in this style a dispatch
referring td a battle: "General Walker
announces the engagement of Colonel
Thompson with a considerable .force of
the enemy yesterday afternoon. Colonel
Thompson will be at home within the
enemy's lines until exchanged."— Chicago
Tribune.
Proper Form.
It will be noted that the first section authorizes
Congress to define, regulate and control trusts not
only in the States, Territories and. the District
of Columbia, but "in all territory under the. sov
ereignty and subject to the jurisdiction of the United
Section 1. All powers conferred by this article shall
extend to the several State* Rnd Territories, the Dis
trict of Columbia and all territory under the'sover
eignty and subject to. the jurisdiction of the United
States. il-fix-i
Sec. 2. Conpreis Khali have power to define, regrulate,
control, prohibit or dissolve* trusts, monopolies or com
binations, whether existing in the form of a corporation
or otherwise. The several States may, continue to ex
ercise such power in any manner not in conflict with the
laws of the United States. . .' -.
Bee. 3. Congress shall have power to enforce the pro
visions of this article by appropriate legislation. ¦ >i''->
REPORTS from Washington of 3'esterday. out
lining the probable course of Congress* are to
the effect that ?n adjournment will be taken as
early in June as possible and that in order to avoid de
lay no legislation other than the passage of appro
priation bills will be considered except the anti-trust
measures, which are regarded in the House as mat
ters of urgency. There are two of these measures,
one a bill in charge of Representative Overstreet
amending the Sherman law and the other a resolution
of the Judiciary Committee proposing an amendment
to the constitution conferring .upon Congress power
to deal with trusts and to pass laws for their regula
tion.
. The constitutional amendment is so much the more
important of the two measures that it completely
overshadows the other and occupies almost all the
attention given to the subject. As reported the pro
posed amendment declares:
THE 0NTI-TRUST AMENDMENT.
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.
STATISTICS issued by the Treasury Depart
ment for April show the exports of manufactures
were by far the greatest of any month in our
history and within a fraction of $40,000,000. "This." it
is said, "gives assurance that the exports for the fiscal
year which ends with June will considerably exceed
$400,000,000 and be nearly three times as much as a
decade ago. This phenomenal increase in the expor
tation of manufactures is especially striking when
compared with the progress made by European na
tions. Great Britain's export manufactures show a
slight increase since 1890 and an examination of the
export record of the principal European countries
fails to disclose an instance in which the increase has
been as much as 25 per cent, while that of the United
States has been more than 150 per cent."
In this showing of expanding trade there is one
defect. It is American trade so far as the goods go,
but it is not American when the question of transpor
tation is considered. As has been pointed out by Ray
Str.nr.ard Baker in his work, "Our New Prosperity/'
"the United States has a magnificent fleet of coastwise
and lake vessels, but the freights on its colossal for
eipn business go largely into the- pockets of foreign
shipowners. While we equal England in our exports
and far exceed any other nation, we have only about
one-fourteenth of the tonnage engaged in foreign
business. Germany. France and Norway are well
ahead of us. * * * Moreover the American ship
ping business is increasing little or none. It has
actually decreased since i860 and tlje increase since
1800 has been only 325.000 tons, whereas the merchant
navies of almost every other nation in the world have
increased very largely/'
No one who gives consideration to the growing
commerce of the United States can fail to perceive th;
need of an enlarged merchant marine. The splendid
figures which show our exports carry with them a
condemnation of the policy of leaving it to the ves
sels of other nations to transport them across the
ocean. We can never justly boast of American trade
until it is carried in American ships. Until it is so
carried the greater trade will mean a greater tribute
paid to foreigner*.
, the circulation^of •counterfeit dollars containing as
much silver as the genuine dollars implies that some
of the free silver fellows have abandoned all expecta
tion of electing Bryan and gone to work at free coiri
aee on their own hook.
If the fabled blind goddess of justice ever lived she
appears to be residing at present in Berlin., A 4 man
who is conceded to.be innocent of crime has been" re
fused a new trial after serving a^sentence of sixteen
yeatsfor something he- did not,do> Somebody ou K ht
to take the bandage from the lady's eyes. ! -
An angry citizen, with more frankness than discre
tion, protests that the money which he pays as taxes
is being squandered by reckless city departments: \lf
this sort of criticism keeps tip even the' favorites of the
Mayor will be forced to the extremity of earning an
honest living. w :i: '
In refusing to recognize the right of extradition
Indiana and Kentucky appear to have made them
selves organized promoters of crime. What is vice
in one State is virtue in the other and the Governor
of Indiana apparently forgets that he^ no more than
others, is qualified to dodge assassin bullets.
Some^surprise has been created at the fact that a
Californian has won the distinction of being the cham
pion hammer-thrower of the world. If there is one
field in which California can justly claim pre-eminence
it is in the handling of hammer's. Proficiency in the
art seems to be the preliminary requisite for success in
every walk of life.
Memorial day will have this year deep and solemn
meaning to the people of San Francisco. Year after
year our citizens have honored the memory and paid
tribute of respect at the graves of American heroes.
But this year the people of San Francisco will gather
at the graves of their own soldier dead and for the
first time'in the history of this generation weep in
common sympathy and suffering over wounds of war
A visitor at the Columbia^ Mo., school
the other day asked one of the lower
grade classes this question: "What is the
axis of the earth?" "An Imaginary lino
passing from one pole to the other, on
which the earth revolves." proudly an
swered a pupil. "Yes." said the examiner.
well pleased; "and could you hang a bon
net on it?" "Yes, sir." "Indeed! Ami
what kind of a bonnet?" "An imaginary
bonnet, sir." The visitor asked no more
questions that day.— New York Tribune.
Not to Be Caught.
General Grosvenor was remarkably accurate in his prediction of the number
of delegates Major McKinley would have in the St. Louis convention. On Sep
tember 20. 1S96, he told the World that Mr. McKinley was certain of 27S electoral
vote? and might set S5 from States he classed as doubtful. He conceded but 70
to Bryan. Mr. McKinley received 271 votes, all from the States included In Gen
eral Grosvenor's claim of 278 votes.
"I concede Maryland "and Kentucky to the Democrats." said General Gros
venor recently, "and I am magnanimous enough to give them Nebraska, although
I am not sure that McKinley wiil not carry that State. Really It should be classed
ni doubtful. Bryan carried Kansas four years ago, but I do not think he will be
so successful this time, and I have classed Kansas as doubtful. AH this talk
about Indiana going Democratic is bosh.) Indiana is safely ¦ Republican. The
Porto Rico tariff, about which there has been such a howl, is going to help out
there rather than hurt. And as for New York, South Dakota. Washington and
Wyoming, which some say are doubtful, they will be Republican."
•Doubtful.
i RECAPITULATION.
Total electoral votes J<7
Necessary to elect ..j • " v "*
Claimed for McKinley...^ ". 260 Carried by McKinley Zl\
Conceded to Hryan 17« Carried by Bryan 17C
Classed as doubtful 13 -,,„,. „ ~TT
¦, - McKinley over Bryan 95
NEW TORK. May 28.— H. H. Webb of
San Francisco Is at the Waldorf-Astoria;
Henry P. Downing of Los Angeles is at
the Empire; C. J. Wilder of San Francisco
and W. B. Beamer of Los Angeles are at
the Hoffman.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
WASHINGTON, May 2?.— Ex-Governor
H. H. Markham of Pasadena and John G.
Hoyt of Oakland are at the Shoreham.
T. O. Carrie of California is at the Na
tional. N. V>. Rideout of Marysvllle la
at the Raleigh. John Cunningham of San
Francisco is at the Arlington. Mrs.
George Moss and Miss Glady8 Moss of
San Francisco are at the Metropolitan.
Dr. G. Oerauert of ban Francisco 13 at
the St. James. John P. Irish of San
Francisco Is at the Johnson.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The decision that the act of the board was illegal
and invalid caps the climax of the bubonic scare. The
quarantine, xhich was uncalled for and would have
been ineffective had it been called for, which was ill
devised and unnecessary, was also a bit of presump
tion unwarranted by the law. Doubtless Mayor
Phc'an would now like to have authority to remove
Judge Morrow. Judge de Haven and Judge Hawley
in order to sustain his Board of Health, but that is
beyond his power. He can, however, rid the Board
of Health of the bunglers who have abused its au
thority and wrought an immense damage to the city
and did he have half as much regard for public wel
fare as he protested before election he would do so.
The decision of the Judge is to the effect that quar
antine regulations must be adopted by ordinance of
the Board of Supervisors and the same authority
must provide suitable rules and regulations on the
subject. In this case the Board of Health acted with
out legislative authority and moreover in adopting
regv.latior.s the board did not base them upon any
established distinction in the conditions that are sup
posed to attend the plague or the persons exposed to
its contagion, but directed them against a whole class
of the inhabitants of the city without regard to
whether they were affected by the supposed plague or
were exposed to it.
BY the decision given by Judge Morrow granting
an injunction to Chinese petitioners against the
Board of Health and the quarantine officers — a
decision concurred in by Judges de Haven and Ha.vley
— the Board of Health has been taught a lesson which.
it is to be hoped, the members will have a sufficient
understanding to appreciate and a sufficient common
sen^e to profit by. The decision informs the board
that it has no authority to go about setting up quar
antines upon certain sections of the city and forcing
the use of prophylactics upon certain classes of per
sons of its own motion. Thus it appears the board in
carrying out the scheme of causing a scare over the
bubonic piapue bungled in law, as well as in science,
and had as little legal right as sanitary reason to act
as it did.
LESSON FOR THE BO0RD OF HEALTH-
CHARLES H. GROSVENOR of Ohio, who made a reputation
f ~T as a political prophet In 1596 while acting as the statistician of the llc-
KL>» Klnley campaign and who has been the President's mouthpiece in the
IJouso, has just tipured out that Mr. MeKinley's re-election is absolutely
j£B assured. He has given the New York World the first authoritative pre
diction of the campaign. .
General Grosvenor claims thirty-six electoral votes more than
necessary to elect, or just the number cast by New York.
Chairman Jones of the Democratic National Committee and Representative
Richardson, chairman of the Democratic Congressional campaign committee, say
events are not shaped yet and refuse to make any definite predictions at thl3
time, although both of them are confident that Mr. Bryan will be elected.
For purposes of comparison the actual results In 1SS6 are placed side by side
with Representative Grosvenor's forecast:
Concedes Kentucky, Maryland and Nebraska
to Bryan, but Claims Thirty-Six Electoral
Plurality— No Estimates From Democrats.
McKINLEY THE NEXT PRESIDENT,
SO SAYS PROPHET GR0SVEN0R
Dr. W. F. Blunt of Austin. Dr. C. F.
Norton- of El Paso and Dr. J. B. Massie
of Huston, who are in this city to lnquiro
into plague conditions, are stopping at
the Palace.
Justice of the Peace J. E. Barry left
for Redding last night to participate in
lltlgatjon In connection with the Clipper
mine. He will return Thursday.
F. M. Hatch. Hawaiian Minister to
Washington, accompanied by his wife an>l
children, arrived at the Occidental yester
day, en route to Honolulu.
John A. White of London Is at the Pal
ace. He will join the exploration party
that will leave shortly for Siberia on tha
Samoa.
A. Muir. the railroad contractor, came
up from Los Angeles yesterday and regis
tered at the Lick.
I. J. Hartley, the well-known mining
man, arrived from Glencoe yesteriay and
registered at the California.
Xat Goodwin and wife an'] Miss Isabel
Haskins of the Goodwin company are at
the Palace.
Dr. E. A. King of Ukiah Is at the Lick.
Dr. B. X. Ward. U. 8. M.. Is at the Cal
ifornia.
Dr. A. E. Hall and wife of San Jose are
at the Lick.
Dr. VT. S. Taylor of Llvermore la a guest
at the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart and family are stop
ping at the Grand.
State Senator W. M. Cutter of Marys
vllle Is at the Orand.
A. McPlke, the well-known rancher of
Tracy. Is at the Russ.
Henry Levy, a merchant of San Mateo,
Is stopping at the Russ.
Herman de Laguna, an attorney of
Stockton, Is at the Lick.
William A. Junker, manager of the Del
Monte, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. C. A. Ituggles of the State Board
of Health Is stopping at the Grand.
J. G. Scott of the- Lick Paper Mills reg
istered at the California yesterday.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE ECLIPSE AS IT IS PROCEEDING IN SOUTH AFRICA.
One of the notable features of the announcement is
that in the work of the session the faculty will be
strengthened by the addition of several lecturers from
outside the university. Dr. Frederick L. Burk, presi
dent of the San Francisco State Normal School, will
lecture during the first three weeks of the summer ses
sion on "The Development of the Nervous System in
Relation to the Problems of Education." Dr. C. C.
Van Liew, president of the Chico State Normal
School, will lecture during the last three weeks. Pro
fessor E. C. Sanford of Clark University will- offer a
course in "The Psychology of Child Study," or some
related subject. Associate Professor Clyde A. Duni
way of the Leland Stanford Junior University will lec
ture on "The History of England Since 1483" and
on "The American Revolution."
- The summer school has now become an important
part of university work. It is of incalculable advan
tage to teachers and others who are unable to prose^
cute university studies except during vacation. The
instruction given is far superior to any that has yet
been possible through any other form of university
extension. It is a genuine course of higher education
offered to earnest students and workers and will well
repay all who take advantage of it.
The advantages offered to students during the ses
sion are not to be confined to mental training. It is
announced that the handball and the tennis courts, the
cinder path and the athletic grounds, the gymnasium
and the university boathouse will be at the disposal
of the students for exercise. Nor does the prospectus
fail to direct attention to the many advantages of
Berkeley as a place of summer residence, where the
coolness of the climate and the beauty of the sur
rounding hills render long walks and bicycle rides as
attractive as they are healthful.
The prospectus announces that during the session,
which will extend from June 25 to August 3, "courses
will be offered in philosophy, pedagogy, history and
political science, the Semitic languages and literatures,
Greek, Latin, English, mathematics, physics, chem
istry and botany. The work may count toward a de
gree. The summer students will have the full privi
leges of the libraries and museums and of the physical,
chemical and botanical laboratories. The faculty will
be strengthened by the addition of several special lec
turers. The tuition fee will be $10, regardless of the
number of courses taken, with laboratory fees in
scientific courses."
THE SUMMER SESSION flT BERKELEY
IZIJROM the prospectus of the course of instruction
prepared for the summer session of the Univer
sity of California it is evident the usefulness of
the institution to the cause of education will be well
nigh as great during the summer months as at any
other time of the year. The great plant, with its
libraries, laboratories, museums and lecture halls, is
not to be locked up and, left unused by students. It
is now to serve those who cannot use it at other
times and it is reasonable to assume there will be
many who will profit by the service.
TUESDAY MAY 29, igro
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communica iens to VV. S. LEAKE. Manager.
pmLICATION OFFICE.. Mnrket nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main 1SGS.
EDITOniAL IIOO.MS. . . .217 to 221 SJevenion St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered »»y Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelt.
Mnirlr Cople*. .% Cent*.
To rum by .Mall. InpladlnR PostajfCi
DAILY CAM, Or.-'luding Sunday), one year ..$600
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). I months l.M
DAILY CALL— ny Single >onth ? «c
SUNDAY CALL One lear... 1-80
WEEKLY CALL One Year •-•• l0 °
All postmanters «re authorized to receive
subscript ton*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAK LAM) OFFICE 111?* Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mzr.ager Foreign Advertising. Warquette Buiiding. Chicago.
tLcng Distance Telephone •'Central 2613.")
NEW TORI? CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NE"W TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Uovre: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WalJorf-Aftorla Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray II 111 HoteL
Dlt *\<II OFFICES— ITi Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:50 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
S:30 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. ZX1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1094 Valencia, open
ur.til 5 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
If the German-born citizens of this country hive to
fight their relatives in Germany they want a reason
for it which is based on the great interests and su
preme welfare of their adopted country. They are a
highly intelligent people, not easy to- stampede and
have a quick insight into shams and false pretenses.
The Republican party cannot do better than disavow
administration responsibility for Senator Lodge's un
ripe and feather-headed declarations.
When Mr. Cleveland gave its most virile interpre
tation to the Monroe doctrine it was to check an
attempt by Great Britain to occupy by force the strip
of territory claimed by her and also by Venezuela. He
simply demanded that the title be arbitrated and not
settled by force, and we would have been justified in
fighting Great Britain had not Salisbury surrendered
by conceding arbitration after he had refused it. We
were willing that Great Britain should have all that
she could prove" title to, but would have resisted her
acquiring a single inch by force, because that would
have been the extension in this hemisphere of a
European system, by arms.
If England chose by treaty to convey British
Guiana to France we have no veto in the principles
of the Monroe doctrine. Nor would we have, if in
?. war between the two nations, she should seize
French Guiana as a conquest. These things appear
so plain that there is little patience with a Senato
of Lodge's supposed acquirements when he belches
war over the transfer of territory from one European
system to another. We do not exaggerate when we
say that such fool talk drives more votes from the
Republican party than Bryan can coax away, though
he pipe with the pipes of Pan and the sorcery of the
The Monroe doctrine arose in the attempt of the
Holy Alliance to aid Spain in the recovery of her re
volted colonies in this hemisphere. At the sugges
tion of Lord Canning, who had secret information of
the treaty of the Holy Alliance, Monroe, in a mes
sage to Congress, said that any attempt to extend
European institutions in this hemisphere would be
considered an act unfriendly to the United States.
This meant only that territory which by revolution
had been separated from European systems should not
be again subjected thereto. It in no way forbade the
transfer of territory from one European system to an
other, for that would not be in any just sense an ex
tension of European institutions.
We do not hesitate to say that Senator Lodge's
conclusion, that the purchase of the Danish West
Indies by Germany would be a breach of the Monroe
doctrine, has no warrant in any fair and natural con
struction of that doctrine.
Senator Lodge, all unmindful of this, felt called
upon to interpret the statement of the Secretary and
has declared that it referred to the breach of the
Monroe doctrine by a supposed negotiation for the
purchase of the Danish West Indies ' by Germany.
His conclusion is that we have the right under the
Monroe doctrine to forbid such sale. A Presidential
election is approaching, and besides the unwarlike dis
position of all our people, we have several millions of
German .citizens who, though loyal and patriotic,
will inquire very intelligently into the reasons given
for making war on their fatherland. If such war were
necessary and useful to this republic they would fight
in it with courage and great devotion to their adopted
flag against that under which they were born. But
they would consider such a war, brought on
with no good reason, as a plan to make this country
wreak on Germany the wrath of Great Britaili against
a rapidly rising commercial and military rival.
Senator Lodge is now in company with those who
attack Senator Hoar for harming the administration,
but every keen observer of events knows that the ad
ministration has been hurt only by its fool friends.
The speech o.f Senator Beveridge'did more harm than
has'been wrought by all the Democratic Senators in
concert, and just as its bad effects were being forgot
ten Senator Lodge is at the front with something
worse. Secretary of War Root was moved by some
after-dinner inspiration to say that we must either
fight for the Monros doctrine or abandon it. This
country is not avid of war. It is not forgotten that
early in the civil war, though the Union was at stake,
enlistments had to be encouraged by bounties and
finally the ranks had to be filled by conscription.
There are evidences abroad that there is much weari
ness with the war we have on now and that the peo
ple are going to demand ample reasons for looking
elsewhere for another war and mofc trouble.
SENATOR. LODGE of Massachusetts has a
reputation as a historical writer, a student,
scholar and thinker. He has had ample oppor
tunity to acquire, also, a reputation as a statesman,
which he has failed to improve. He is singularly
inapt in his utterances as a Senator and has no appre
ciation of the present crises, no matter how accurately
he may judge those of the past in'his character as a
historian. He has joined the critics against his col
league. Senator Hoar, who has at least the merit of
consistency, since he took a stand against expansion
and has abided by it, while Lodge took the same po
sition and has abandoned it without answering the
reasons he gave for his antagonism. In a long run
of a decade. a public man may double on himself, but
the people get tired of him when he doubles every
few months.
LODGE AND THE MONROE DOC
TRINE.
The attitude of the Democrats -toward the resolu
tion is curious. The leaders of that party have for
years past declared thai trusts should be regulated by
Congress and Bryan has been loud in promising the
people what he would do if elected President and
given authority to deal with trusts. Now, however,
there is confusion in the camp. Since the Repub
licans have shown a willingness and an ability to grap
ple with the trust problem the Democrats have sud
denly discovered that the thing is dangerous. Some
of them assert the resolution is a trick devised to rob
Bryan of his campaign thunder, and others declare the
amendment will violate State rights and deprive the
State governments of authority over corporation char
ters. In fact the Democrats d&sired the anti-trust
issue to remain open as a subject for vague declama
tion and denunciation and the action of the Repub
licans in giving a definite form to the issue has found
the Bryanites incapable of agreeing among themselves
how to deal with it. rj'/J: \
The argument for the amendment ¦ is that experi
ence has proven that a proper regulation of trusts
cannot be effected by separate State action. The evil
i3 national and the remedy must be -national. It is
claimed by members of the Judiciary Committee that
the second section, which contains the essential part of
the amendment, does not introduce any. new prin
ciple of government, but is only a new application and
an amplification of the principle involved in the in
terstate commerce law and that therefore the amend
ment is not to be regarded as in any way a radical
departure from the recognized scope of Congressional
action.
States." The phrase is clearly inteaded to include
such colonial possessions as the country has acquired
or may hereafter acquire, and to put an end to: any
controversy concerning the right of Congress to legis
late under the proposed amendment for such posses
sions. This is therefore something new in thejan
guage of the constitution if not in law and will doubt
less be one of the most generally discussed features of
the resolution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1 900.
6
PREDICTION FOB, 1900. I ACTUAL RESULT- IN 1896.
< ___________ — _ t I ___ M __ M __^ _____ __, ._-__.____-_. •____ ___ *
' 2 3 >|tS
STATES. a ? • STATES. 5" ? Plurality.
? : ?
Alabama. H Alabama 11 75,57<> D.
Arkinvui 8 Arkansas .. 8 72.591 I>.
California 0 .. California 8 1
Colorado * Colorado 4 134.W2 P.
Connecticut 6 •• Connecticut 8 .. 63.M5 R.
•Delaware (3) Delaware 3 .. 3.W0 R.
Florida * Florida 4 21.448 I>.
Ueorxla 13 Georgia 13 34.141 D.
Idaho 3 Idaho 3 16.SS* D.
Illinois".".'.'.' 2» •• Illinois 5« .. H143S R.
Indiana ! » .. Indiana 13 .. KlSl R.
Iowa 13 .. Iowa 13 .. 6j.m2 R.
•Kansas (10) -£• • -• Kansas V> 12.269 D.
KenYucky .. IS Kentucky 12 1 281 K.
I,oulsinna 8 Ix-ulsiana S R.i.13* D.
Maine 6 .. Maine 6 .. 40.4TT R.
Maryland 8 Maryland 8 .. a,TU R.
Man«achusetts 15 •- Mnssachusetts 15 .. 1.3.2bo R.
Michlnan 14 .. Mjchl K an 14 .. M.M»R.
Minnesota 9 •- Minnesota 9 .. 53.S.O It.
Mississippi 9 MIsHlnsJppt ¦.. 9 5S..39D.
Missouri - r n MlBWurl „ .. 17 M.JHD.
Montana 3 Montana 3 3:. 043 P.
.\>bra«ka 8 Nebraska : S 13.5,6 P.
Nevada A. .. 3 Nevada 3 S.439 D.
New Hampshire 4 .. New Hampshire 4 .. 35.7M R.
New Jersey 10 •• NVw Jeroey 12 ¦¦ 87.632 R.
New York 36 .. New York 3« .. «S,(!JR
North, Carolina U North Carolina 11 19.2M P.
yorth Dakota 8 •• North Dakota 3 .. 5.649 R.
fthto 23 .. Ohio k ... 23 .. 47.437 R.
Oregon ." 4 .. Ore(?on 4 .. 2.117 R.
Pennsylvania 32 .. Pennsylvania 32 .. S95.072 R.
Rhode Island 1 4 .. Rhode Island 4 .. 22.37S R.
South Carolina '. 9 South Carolina 9 4.D.J17 P.
South Dakota 4 •• South Dakota 4 183 P.
Tennessee 1! Tennessee , 12 17.49.> D.
T,,as i IS Texas 13 202.914 D.
Utah .'.".'. - ' 3 l T tah 3 51.033 D.
Vermont 4 .. Vermont 4 .. 40,490 R.
Virginia U Virginia 12 19.341 D.
Washington 4 .. Washington 4 12,493 D.
West Virginia.. ' 6 •• West. Virginia « .. 11.487 R.
Wisconsin..!;. 12 •- Wisconsin 12 .. 102.612 R.
Wyoming 3 | .. Wyoming •• 3 553 P.
Tota i g 280 I 174 Totals 271 176
PREDICTION FOB, 1900. I ACTUAL RESULT- IN 1896.
< ___________ — _ t I ___ M __ M __^ _____ __, ._-__.____-_. •____ ___ *
' 2 3 >|tS
STATES. a ? • STATES. 5" ? Plurality.
? : ?
Alabama. H Alabama 11 75,57<> D.
Arkinvui 8 Arkansas .. 8 72.591 I>.
California 0 .. California 8 1
Colorado * Colorado 4 134.W2 P.
Connecticut 6 •• Connecticut 8 .. 63.M5 R.
•Delaware (3) Delaware 3 .. 3.W0 R.
Florida * Florida 4 21.448 I>.
Ueorxla 13 Georgia 13 34.141 D.
Idaho 3 Idaho 3 16.SS* D.
Illinois".".'.'.' 2» •• Illinois 5« .. H143S R.
Indiana ! » .. Indiana 13 .. KlSl R.
Iowa 13 .. Iowa 13 .. 6j.m2 R.
•Kansas (10) -£• • -• Kansas V> 12.269 D.
KenYucky .. IS Kentucky 12 1 281 K.
I,oulsinna 8 Ix-ulsiana S R.i.13* D.
Maine 6 .. Maine 6 .. 40.4TT R.
Maryland 8 Maryland 8 .. a,TU R.
Man«achusetts 15 •- Mnssachusetts 15 .. 1.3.2bo R.
Michlnan 14 .. Mjchl K an 14 .. M.M»R.
Minnesota 9 •- Minnesota 9 .. 53.S.O It.
Mississippi 9 MIsHlnsJppt ¦.. 9 5S..39D.
Missouri - r n MlBWurl „ .. 17 M.JHD.
Montana 3 Montana 3 3:. 043 P.
.\>bra«ka 8 Nebraska : S 13.5,6 P.
Nevada A. .. 3 Nevada 3 S.439 D.
New Hampshire 4 .. New Hampshire 4 .. 35.7M R.
New Jersey 10 •• NVw Jeroey 12 ¦¦ 87.632 R.
New York 36 .. New York 3« .. «S,(!JR
North, Carolina U North Carolina 11 19.2M P.
yorth Dakota 8 •• North Dakota 3 .. 5.649 R.
fthto 23 .. Ohio k ... 23 .. 47.437 R.
Oregon ." 4 .. Ore(?on 4 .. 2.117 R.
Pennsylvania 32 .. Pennsylvania 32 .. S95.072 R.
Rhode Island 1 4 .. Rhode Island 4 .. 22.37S R.
South Carolina '. 9 South Carolina 9 4.D.J17 P.
South Dakota 4 •• South Dakota 4 183 P.
Tennessee 1! Tennessee , 12 17.49.> D.
T,,as i IS Texas 13 202.914 D.
Utah .'.".'. - ' 3 l T tah 3 51.033 D.
Vermont 4 .. Vermont 4 .. 40,490 R.
Virginia U Virginia 12 19.341 D.
Washington 4 .. Washington 4 12,493 D.
West Virginia.. ' 6 •• West. Virginia « .. 11.487 R.
Wisconsin..!;. 12 •- Wisconsin 12 .. 102.612 R.
Wyoming 3 | .. Wyoming •• 3 553 P.
Tota i g 280 I 174 Totals 271 176
The best llv«r medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dp. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
If you suffer from looseness of th» bowels.
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters will surely cur»
jroo.
The California delegates to the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have an-
nounced as the official route ihe Centra! Pa-
cific. Union Pacific and Chicago and North-
w«?*tem railways, and will leave San Fran-
cisco June 12 at 10 a. nr». on the "Overlan.1
Limited." the OH-hour flyer to Chicago. Th*
round-trip rate of JS3 SO is open to all. D. W.
Hitchcock. General Agent. Union Pacific. 1
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Route.
Republican Delegates Chooae Their
"I hear they are using automobiles as
hearses now!"
"Yes. people are Just dying to ride In
them. —Harvard Lampoon.
Automobiles as Hearses.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tfc»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mori-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townseni's.*
Grand Or*ra-house — "14i2."
Alcazar— "A Superfluous Husband."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy 6treet»— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirxg.
Fischer's "Lucia" and "Huguenots."
Karp Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.
OrrJipyro— VauflevWe.
Cclumbta— •"When We Were Twenty-one."
California- "I>->r<l ChutnVy."
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
lly M Marcus*— Thl« (Jay, at 10:80 a. m.. at 1419 Oesxy street,
furr.iture, etc.Peralta Case Dismissed.
United States' District Judge Hawleyof
Nevada yesterday sustained United States
Attorney Coombs' demurrer' to "the bill
of Mary Gwlnn In: the so-called Peralta
tide-land ca*a and dismissed the bill.
Florence Blythe-Moore Sued.
D. A. Curtln has sued Florence Blythe-
Hlnckley-Moore to recover $2750 as as
signee of Joseph E. Shain. holder of an in
terest in an agreement by which the de
fendant agreed to pay/H. I. Kowalsky 2
per cent of all sums recovered from the
estate of the late Thomas Bb-thf.
Mochel Given His Freedom.
Martin J. Mochel. recently convicted of
the murder of Ida Rose Loventhal. was
released from custody by Judge Dunne
yesierday. The Judge granted ¦ Mochel a
'.iovr trial shortly after his conviction, and
in h!s opinion scored the police for their
failure to arrest the person guilty of tho
crime and tor their failure to proceed
neatnpt those whose perjured testimony
teeured the conviction of the defendant, it
havir.g developed that Mochel was not
frailty of the crime and had been falsely
accused.
Robbers Arraigned.
Thomas Connolly and John Sullivan
were arraigned before Judge Cabanlss
yrsterday on a charge of robbery and the
cases were continued till June 1. They
are accused of sandbagging and robbing
Charles P. Tucker, a hotel steward, at
Noe and Twenty-ninth streets Sunday af
ternoon. Connolly Is not unknown to the
police. ; y^^______
EXCURSION TO MT. SHASTA
IN PUXLMAN SLEEPEBS,
Leaving Here Saturday Next p. m. f
Returning Monday a. m.
Judging from the numerous inquiries
made at the Grand Hotel Ticket Office In
connection with the forthcoming excur
tion to the Shasta Region, the full lhnit
«.f i.D0 passengers will soon be booked,
< ons<vju«»ntly no time should be loat in
the purchase of tickets and reservation of
bertha.
a.s previously announced this train will
leavo Sin Francisco Saturday evening
next, Jur.e 2, at 7 and on the re
turn will arrive in San Francisco at 7:45
a. m. Monday, June 4. Special round trip
uckets. including s!eeplns-car accommo
dations, will be sold at the extremely low
rate of no.
Meals en route will be served from the
buffet In each eieeper a la carte.
This matrtilficent excursion train will be
In charge of the Southern Pacific Com
jiany's passenger arjent. Colonel William
H. Menton. who will look after the com
fort and enjoyment of the passengers.
Those who have never visited the sub
limely beautiful Shasta Hegion should
avail themselves of this opportunity, as
This w5!l be the only excursion train of
the kind which will b<» put on this season.
A "Knocker's" Mistake.
Linuls Victorson was convicted by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday of petty larceny. Ho
Robbery Not Proved.
Frank R. Dunn and John Gilchrist,
charged with robbery, had their cases dls
mlsed by Judge Mogan yesterday. They
were accused of forcibly taking $21 50
from Wing Chung, a Chinese laundryman,
also known as "Jim Murphy." There was
no evidence to corroborate the Chinese,
and as both defendants, who are hard
working young men, denied committing
the robbery, the judge gave them the
benefit of the doubt.
FRESNO RATE CASE IS
CALLED FOR ARGUMENT
Southern Pacific Company Endeavors
to Escape Result of Its Compet
ing Schedule.
The right of the Southern Pacific Com
pany to arbitrarily raise rates and fares
without permission of the Railroad Com
mission was an issue before Judge Bahrs
yesterday. The action by which the peo
ple, on the relation of E. B. Edson, seek
an injunction restraining the corporation,
from raising the rate of passenger fares
between this city and Fresno from $3 75
to J3 9U was argued. Attorney-General
Ford, George A. Sturtevant and Frank 11.
Short appeared for the petitioner and the
defendant was represented by J. E.
Foulds, with John Garber as counsel.
Attorney-General Ford, after setting
forth the facts of the controversy, quoted
from the constitutional provisions estab
lishing the commission, and pointed to
that particular section which specifically
prohibits common carriers from again
raising their rates without permission of
the Railroad Commission after the same
have been reduced for the purposes of
competing with other lines. The object
end wisdom of this provision, he said,
was plain. It was enacted for the pur
pose of preventing rich and powerful or
ganizations from crushing out those less
fortunate and then, when competition was
dead, again raising the rates. "We are
not here," said Mr. Fcrd, "that your
Honor may decide the merits of the con
troversy. We only ask that your Honor
will enforce tho Judgment of the Railroad
Commission which is now on record."
; An Ingenious response was made by the
corporation lawyers to Mr. Ford's argu
ment. Mr. Foulds said that the Southern
Pacific had been denied the right to Intro
duce evidence to show the reasonableness
of the V> 90 rate. The reduced rate of J3 75,
he said, was only an excursion or commu
tation rate, and although It prevailed for
two years It In no way took precedence
over the $3 90 rate, which always stood In
abeyance but which was not nullified by
the excursion rate. He then cited from the
constitution various provisions which he
held qualified— that section under which
the action of the Railroad Commission
was taken. Argument was still in prog
ress at the hour of adjournment and the
court ordered a continuance until this
morning. . .
Will Decorate Veterans' Graves.
The members of Camp Lawton, Veter
ans of the Spanish-American war, of Val
lejo are making extensive arrangements
for the observation of Decoration day.
Although thg camp was organized in Val
lejo. the members composing It are large
ly from San Francisco now employed in
the navy yard at Mare Island. Camp
Lawton will be Joined by the G. A. R_
veterans at Vallejo and together they will
decorate the graves in the cemetery at
the navy yard, after which they will re
turn to Vallejo and perform a like cere
mony at the graves of the veterans.
An Entertainment and Dance to Be
Given in Golden Gate Hall
To-Morrow Hight.
Tslam T«=rr.rle. Ancient Arabic Order of
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, has issutHj a
circular to its members calling attention
to the fact that "the shrine is not for
Jollity alone, but. as every Shrlner knows,
Is also to carry out some of the reading
l>onef:cent purposes of the Masonic fra
ternity with which we are In vital touch."
In illustration of this it will to-morrow
r.ipht give a unique entertainment of an
original character for the benefit cf the
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at
Decoto. It is proposed to erect at the
home either an Oriental cottage or an Ar-
abian chapel, or give winyrs to the ma
jestic arch now in process of construction
at the entrance to the grounds of the
home.
More than fifty of the leading vocalists
*;n<i i-istrumenta'lists of the city have ten
dered their services free to make the af
lair a success. Kach of the theaters will
send some of Its choicest talent on the
fame conditions, and, la?t but not least,
the greater portion cf the secret work of
the Mystic Shrine will be forcibly and tlra
mmUealljr exemplified. Following 13 the
C. no<rrt for on* hour, Bennett's BamJ; '•The
Holy City.*? by twer»»y-rour voices; tableau.
¦ Ttm Sacred City of Mecca" : Cakewalk. Master
riawnee W. Browne and MIes Alma May Mc-
Avoy: soprano eolo, "Hwanna," MIfs Susie
Hart Mark.: octet. "The Rulers of the Sea."
Um Bfcftae Choir; duet. " 'Neath the Stars,"
Ktm H. Mark and Noble I~>. M. Lew-
KBoe: barytone solo, "Fu Dio che Cllse," J. C.
Uuphe«; cello solo. Fram Meyer: octet. "The
MoFl»rn Pirates." Shrine Choir; trombone solo.
L Klotx: "Star-Bpanrled Banner." Noble Sara!
ud D. Mayer, the audience t<> Join in the eho-'
ru». Then there will tx? dancint-
TT.e affair will be undrr the direction of
the following committees:
Executive committee — Frank TV. Marston,
(Ipirfs F. N>a!. Jnhn Tonnlngsen. William Ed
varis. A. A. Catkin. I). M. Lawrence, C. N'l
T^ili'-r, JoF<Tk Knowlar.4. K. li. Moore, Edwin
Whljple ar.J Dr. A. W. McKenzie.
Vocal coinnilit**e — Famuel r>. Mayer, assisted
by Nobles C. T. Wendell and D. M. Lawrence,
i;rst T*>norf; Rorx-rt W. Knilth, second tenor; A.
A. Batkin. f.rst bass; E. G. MclJaln and W. C.
Campbell, sei-ond basses.
Floor comrr.itte*- — Ojlonel William Edwards,
floor mana«rt-r; Hay or George Clark of Pacra
roenTo. Captain Ge-vrge W. Wlttman. George
JJab-rniciit. John Bennett. Georte R. Arm
i-trorfr. A. L. Heach. Thomas L. Henderson.
Jame* O. ttpmtMbtg. Thomas Xieholls and Wil-
Irvcrcani rrtrrim'.trce — Mrs. Frank W. Marston.
Mire Zadt- Whiimle. Miss Kittle Smith. Miss
Vtmtit Warren. MifF Gertrude Tatxr. Mies Car
rie Smith iir.J Mrs. William Mooser.
Jlecr-ption comrr.ittee— James A. Wilson, R. H
Lloyd. A. M. Cox. Patrick Cahlll. C. 8. Bene
dict. G«-jr£-e A. Knight. J. C. Campbell, Dr.
George Harden Charles L. Patton. A. F. Gunn,
Judjfe John n. Aliken. V. W. G. Moehus, An
cxe» Christiansen. Carroll Cook. Robert McMil
lan. H. B. Ueam. W. H. Trank Titus, Thomas
Murt'tn. F. 11. S.Vrraan. Thomas H. Brown*,
V.". IT. L. Earnef, Dr. C. W. Decker. John D.
Fjjrerk^lB. E. P. Colean. Georjrc B. JicKw,
Ilot*rt Ash. H. It. <io<Kla!l, U A. Hcitz»r, L.
li. Iireunfr. Olonsl C. II. Murphy, J. H. B«n
r.oU. Charles T. l'.artcr\ A. L.. Piper and John
]ii;rr.8'-ti. »
Fl<«ir commitfe — MfFilames Jnhn Tnnnlnlfs^n.
Chcrles Bone. J. G. I>"ib<jld. Georg* Hai>rrnicht.
<;. W. Wlttman. H. T. Noah. <i. C. Groerinfcer.
Cecelia Warren. F. L.. l>afl>rty, J. 'A. Clover,
J. A. Marsh. Thomas H. Brown*. Thomas L.
Henderson, Miss*-* Birdie Ueld. May McDonald
Ida May Roberta. Leo Wer^Uiurg. O. J. Kauer'
Maude Cliff. V.:-.: • ; ClufT. O»rtle Herring L.U
stie Herring. Cahiil, Udlth Boyes. Lillian Fi*ld
Lctta Haisch, Little H« shell. Florence Haekell,
Jan« McLaughiln. Lottie McLaughlln, Korbel
ted Way.
ISLAM TEMPLE SHRINE
TO AID MASONIC HOME
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
long-looked-for British bark^Musselcrag.
She was 313 days coming here from Ant
werp via the Cape of Good Hope and
Sydney, N. S. W. It took her ninety-two
days to come from the latter port, and the
consignees and owners were beginning to
wonder what was wrong with her.
The Musselcrag sailed from Antwerp on
Juiy IS, with 18.13S barrels of cement and
a quantity of sulphur, mineral water,
mustard, gin, olive oil and tapers. On
September 10 she was off the Horn and
making heavy weather of it. Early in Oc
tober she was sighted off Staten Island by
the Blackbraes, and on that date she gave
up the struggle and started to make her
way to San Francisco by way of the Cap©
of Good Hope. During her rtght with the
elements the Musselcrag was completely
swept by the heavy seas. Everything
movable on deck went overboard and the
poop companionways were smashed into
kindling wood. The bulwarks were stove
in. cabin flooded, galley gutted and the
sailors' things were washed out of the
forecastle. Nearly a whole suit of sails
was blown away and the running rigging
was considerably damaged.
On January 4 last the Musselcrag was
off Cape Otway, Australia, and Captain
Johnson signaled the life-saving station.
Eight days later Sydney, N. S. W.. was
reached, and there the bark was over
hauled and repaired. It was February 23
before she was ready to resume her voy
age, and as the hull was very foul from
being so long in the water It took her
ninety-two days to make the run here.
As Sydney, N. S. \V., is an infected port
the Musselcrag was placed in quarantine
by Dr. Klnyoun, but the chances are that
she will be released to-morrow.
The British ship Amazon arrived from
Kobe, Japan, and was also placed In
quarantine. She comes in ballast and
made a splendid passage of twenty-six
days across the Pacific. The Amazon will
load wheat here for Europe.
Were Quietly Wedded.
Without letting any of their friends
know anything about it. Captain Henrlk
Johannissen of the schooner Gotama and
Mrs. Regina T. Madison were quietly mar
ried last week at the home of the bride.
2326 Mission street.. Mrs. Johannissen was
the wife of the late Captain Madison, who
in his lifetime was managing owner of a
fleet composed of over a dozen coasters.
Captain Johannissen is well known in San
Francisco, and It is rumored that when
he comes back from his honeymoon he
will retire from the sea and look after
his wife's interests ashore. If he should
make a few more voyages It will be a3
master of a much larger and finer vessel
than the Gotama.
Vessels for Nome.
The Kimball Steamship Company's Noyo
is to sail for Nome to-day at 5 p. m. All
her passenger accommodation Is taken
and every ounce of freight she can carry
will ro away on her.
The brig Geneva has been chartered by
the Standard Oil Company and will take
a load of kerosene to the gold Helds.
A big gang of carpenters Is working
night and day on the steamer Newsboy,
and she will be ready to start for Nome
on June 2. All her deckhouses will be on
to-day and she will then dock at Mission
street wharf to clean and paint. Friday
she will be«ln to load and Saturday after
noon she will sail for Nome.
On Saturday the .^Alaska Commercial
Company will sendtmt the San Jose and
the Alaska Exploration Company will dis
patch the Humboldt. Both are splendid
ocean steamers and will take away big
crowds of fortune hunters.
Movements of Warships.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
Is being overhauled In a hurry at the
navy-yard, and the chances are that she
will be sent Into Japanese waters as soon
as her repairs are completed. The Con
cord and Bennlngton were to have come
home from the China station, but the or
der has been countermanded and they
will remain in the Orient. Both vessels
require overhauling, but the work will be
done at Hongkong. The Concord and the
Bennlngton are light-draught vessels and
are very serviceable either In .China or
the Philippines. For this reason the order
to come home was countermanded.
Hindostan's Hard Luck.
McCulloch Sails for Seattle.
The Chilean ship Hindostan has been
burned at sea, according to advices re
ceived by the Merchants' Exchange, and
the crew, after much privation, haa
reached Tahiti. The Hindostan left Port
Blakeley on December 8, 1899, with a ldad
of lumber for Valparaiso. She was caught
In a storm off the Columbia River and put
in here leaking on January 8. 1900. she
was repaired and sailed again for Val
paraiso on February 8. Now comes the
news that the ship took fire the latter
part of and the crew had to aban
don her. After being eleven days In the
open boats the men reached the Marque
sas and from there were taken to Papeete,
Tahiti. From Tahiti they will probably
be taken to Australia on the mail steamer
and from Sydney, N. S. \V., will be sent
home.
The United States revenue cutter Me-
Culloch sailed for Seattle yesterday af
ternoon. From there she will carry a
year's supply of stores to St. Michael, for
the Xunivak, the United States special
boat. for patrolling the Yukon. The. Mc-
Culloch is to then return to 'Seattle,
where she will take on the officers of the
United States Court of Alaska, who will
be landed' by her at Nome.
Could Not Get Around the Horn, So
Had to Come Here Via Cape of
Good Hope and Aus
tralia.
The Long-Looked-For Brit
ish Bark Musselcrag .
Reaches Port.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
. A feature of the annual meeting of the
Golden Gate Driving Park Association at
the Emeryville track to-morrow will be
a match race between J. C Kirkpatrick's
Our Dick, driven by J. G. Chesley, and H.
H. Dunlap's King Cadenza : driven by tho
owner. The race was arranged for the
lree-for-all claps, ard Kirkpatrick's Har
vey Mac was also entered. The last named
horse was, however, scratched. Tho own
ers of the two horses have made a aide
bet of $100 and the race is for blood.
The executive committee of the associa
, tlon hold a meeting last night, at which
the final arrangements for tho races wers
made. It was announced that 20.000 Invi
tations had been issued, and the prospects
are that the attendance will be even
greater than last year. The programme
offered certainly warrants the prediction.
The races will commence promptly at 1
o'clock. A slight charge will be made for
those who wish to vlBit the paddock dur
ing the races. The following officers have
1 been named by the executive committee:
Judc?s — G. I>. Sweet, E. T>. Sachs and J. O.
Chenley; atarter. T. J. Crowley; marshal, I. B.
Dalzlel; aiulstant marshal, James Denny;
timer*. Fred \>tter and S. E. Clauson.
Following Is a list of the races and en
tries, the owner In nearly every case driv
ing his own horse:
First race, 2M0 class— J. W. Bonney's Bon
ney Boy, C. E. Park's Imp, F. Gomanet'* Par
dee. James CKane's Sandow, E. D. Sachs'
Bob Burns. W. C. Hamerton's Nettie II. J.
Holland's Queen Stella, H. F. Patrick's Satin
Wood.
Second race, 2:25 class— I. B. Dalziel's Steve,
N. Hotta's Correct, William Van Kernen's
Mattle B. H. W. Miller' b Lady Falrose, J.
Curley's Prince C. ,
Third race, free for all — Match race between
J. C. Kirkpatrick's Our Dick, driven by J. O.
Chesley, and H. H. Dunlap's King Cadenza.
Fourth, cup race, now held by J. C. Ohlandt—
J. Curley's Prince C, J. C. Ohlandfs Alameda
Maid, I>r. G. W. Kleiser's Alto Vila and L.
Richardson's Queene.
Fifth race. 2:2<) clas6— E. Stewart's Moriran,
W. C. Hammerton's General Smith, E. Stew
art's Localeer, J. W. Eva's Ethel H. H. W.
Miller's Crescent. R. E. Mulcahy's Algoneta.
Sixth race, 2:30 class— E. Algeltlnger's Our
Joe J. W, Hamerton'B Alfred H, Dr. T.
Miller's Sweet Peas. J. C Ohlandfs Harvey
B, A. F. Patrick's A B P. J. C. Kirkpatrick's
Lullaby, J. G. Cuicello's FSD and L. Rich
ardson's Tom Thumb.
A Feature to Be the Match Race Be
tween the Crack Horses Our
Dick and King
Cadenza.
Arrangements Completed for
the Gentlemen's Races
To-Morrow.
TROTTERS AND
PACERS TO MEET
AT EMERYVILLE
HOW SMILEY LOST HIS ,
FIRST GAME AT CARDS
Frank Lester and Edwin Sheehan,
Men, Sent to the
County Jail.
J. W. Smiley, who Is on his way from
Virginia to Cape Nome, told in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday how he was bun
kced by Frank Lester and Edward Shee
han last week.
"Lester came up and asked the name of
a street. He said he was a stranger in
the city and was going to Cape Nome. I
told him I was going there also, and he
said he could get me a ticket to Port
land for J3. He took me to a room near
Third street and introduced me to Shee
han, who produced a pack of cards and
asked me to Join in a game till the man
with the tlcekt came. I told them I had
never played, but they got me to take
some cards in my hand and Sheehan said
I had lost They got $43 out of me."
The Judge convicted the two bunko men
of the charge of petty larceny and sen
tenced each to five months in the County
Jail.
Natives at the Chutes.
Hesperian Parlor. No. 137. X. S. G. W.,
will have "a night at the Chutes" to-night.
Las Lomas Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters will assist the committee of arrange
ments, consisting of fifteen members of
Hesperian Parlor.
BOUKOFSKY IS
ARRAIGNED IN
POLICE COURT
*
His Preliminary Hearing Is
Set for Saturday
Next,
t
Clash. Between Chief Sullivan and
the Bond Clerk as to the Small
Amount of Prisoner's
'BaiL
«
E. N. Boukofsky the policeman
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon, was arraigned befor-j Judge Mo
gan yesterday morning. He was repre
sented By Attorney Percy V. Long. By con
sent the case was continued till Saturday.
It was originally intended to have Special
Officer Helbush. at whom Boukofsky fired
a shot, swear to the complaint, but owing
to his change of front in not being posi
tive as to Boukofsky's identity he was
not called upon. P. O. Drlscoll, the grip
man who was threatened with a revolver
by Boukofsky In the vacant lot at Jack
ecn ar;(i.Lyon streets, swore to the com
plaint. *
Chief Sullivan complained to Warrant
and Bond Clerk I'cery yesterday morning
as to one of his assistants having fixed
Boukofsky's ball at the small sum of JoO
cash. Peery contended that the police
had no ri£;ht to interfere in regard to the
question of bail, as the District Attorney
was responsible under the charter for all
bonds and that the person who ordered
Boukofsky's rearrest after being released
on Judge Dunne's order should be arrest
ed for lalse imprisonment.
"1 am the person responsible, said the
Chief, "and if that la your view you can
have me arrested."
Judge Cabaniss was present at the con
troversy and he said that In his opinion
$."¦0 was inadequate. He said he wipuld as
sume the .responsibiiltv of making the
bPil $230 cash and the Ch!ef was satisfied.
Boukofsky's friends put up the additional
J2>j and he was released.
"I propose." said the Chief later, "to
have this matter of fixing small ball in
felony "Cases stopped. . In Boukofsky s
case It was an outrage, as he was a police
officer and was all the more culpable. I
could have preferred other charges
against him. and would have done so if
the bail had not been increased. I do not
want to come into collision with any other
department of the municipality, but pome
arrangement must be made for providing
adequate ball in felony cases and I pro
i pose to see that It is done."
Bond Clerk Peery said that the man who
put up the $00 cash bail for Boukofsky
could have with as much ease have put
up bonds for $100,000, and as he held him
self personally responsible for Boukof
skv's appearance in court the $50 was
enough. The charter gave him the power
to fix bail and the police had no right to
interfere, he said.
Legal Point Mad* Against the Mag
dalen Asylum Was Not r '-¦:¦-_,
Settled.
The habeas corpus case of Mattle Wyck
off in connection with which the point
was , raised that commitments could
not legally be made to the Mag
dalen Asylum, suddenly terminated
yesterday In the Supreme Court,
the attorneys agreeing to have the
matter dismissed and the girl given Into
the custody of her^mother. Mattle Is but
13 years of age, but her associates have
been of the very worst kind, and she was
8O depraved that Police Judge Mogan con
victed her of vagrancy and decreed that
she should remain In the Magdalen Aay
lum until she attained her majority. Her
mother tried to secure the release of her
child through habeas corpus proceedings.
Attorneys Hugh Grant and H. J. Custer
took up the case and announced their In
tention to atack the commitment on the
•ground that the asylum is a private in
stitution,-and that the Judge had no right
to send the girl to such a place.
Attorneys Matthew Sullivan and Theo
dore Roache represented the institution
and claimed to be able to show that It
was really the old industrial school, or
at least the female branch of it, and that
the legislative act of 1S74 contained all
of the provisions of previous acts and le
galized those of the Board of Supervisors
relating to the same matter. Mr. Sullrvan.
stated that the sisters at the Magdalen,
Asylum were not sorry to get rid of the
girl, as she was corrupting the other In
mates of the Institution.
WYCKOFF CASE ENDS
WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK
AT INSTALLATION BANQUET
One Hundred Quests Sit Around the
Board and Listen to Informal
Speeches.
The Knights of St. Patrick, with wives,
sisters and lady friends, banqueted last
night at the Occidental Hotel in honor of
the Installation of the new officers of the
order. About one hundred In all were
present. ¦ :
Speeches of an informal and extempora
neous nature were made after the serving
of an elaborate dinner.
The newly elected officers were called
upon for short addresses. They are R. C.
O'Connor, who Is serving a second term
as president; J. A. Emery, vice president;
James K. Cosgrove, second vice president;
James F. O'Brien, recording secretary;
P. F. McCorraack, financial secretary:
John Mulhern, corresponding secretary;
Mat Keleher, sergeant-at-arms.
Friends of Joe Sullivan of the LJebes
Fur Company are exchanging gossip
about an alleged marriage he Is supposed
to have gone through in Marin County.
Could they read between the lines their
sorrow would be turned to laughter, and
any suspicions they might entertain of
rashness 6n Sullivan's part would vanish
like ice cream at a church bazaar.
Bright and early Saturday morning Sul
livan and George Gallagher, the well
known politician, crossed the bay to San
Rafael. Their aim was pleasure. Before
the day was over they had it — not exactly
in the way they expected, however. As
they stepped off the train they bumped up
against Attorney Joe Hawkins of Lennon
& Hawkins and Attorney Magee. After a
few words of greeting the two San Rafael
attorneys began to ask the visitors what
had brought them over. Now, Sullivan
and Gallagher are known as staid citizens.
To say they had sought Marin on pleasure
bent seemed a frivolous excuse for their
presence in San Rafael. In reply to
Hawkins' rapid-ttre questioning Gallagher
gave out that business, had caused them
to leave their happy homes. Hawkins and
Magee were at their service. Where did
they want to go? They didn't know San
Rafael. The two natives would pilot them.
Gallagher and Sullivan began to per
spire. This was getting serious. Some
thing had to bo done. To say that the
business only existed in their minds sa
vored of weakness. No. they had fabri
cated, and they would stick to It, come
what might. » M „ „
"Well-ah, really, you know, fellows,
said Sullivan, "this is a delicate affair.
We can manage It all right by ourselves.
Oh, no; Magee and Hawkins couldn t
think of such a thing. Leave two
strangers— guests, so to speak— to Una
their way alone! Besides, of course, they
didn't want to seem curious, out really,
between friends, you know."
Here Gallagher threw himself valiantly
into the breach. Really he didn t like i to—
but then he knew It would go no further.
Well, to make a clean breast of it, they
had come over to get Sullivan a marriage
license. Sullivan shied at being made the j
scapegoat of the explanation, but he bore
up nobly, and in answer to the San Ka
faelltes' congratulations distinctly smiled
~Magee y and Hawkins. In high delight,
piloted their San Francisco friends up to.
Cupid Graham's sanctum.
••What's her name?" whispered Sullivan
to Gallagher, when Graham put the
momentous question. „»,„.
"Mamie Riley." returned Gallagher,
turning to Magee and Hawkins and tell
ing them how affectionate and domestic
his friend was and what a model husband
he would make. Sullivan writhed in
agony and tried to land a furtive kick on
Oallagher. but he missed his mark and
ruined several square inches of varnish
on the desk.
"Funny, the way love affects some
men," whispered Gallagher to Magee.
••You'd think Joe was crazy. Just love,
that's all."
Bv this time the fateful paper. was pre
pared and neatly done "P in a roll. Sulli
van, who was getting nervous, threw
down $5 and rushed out without waiting
for change. Outside Magee and Hawkins
expressed a wish to see the young lady.
"She's out at Fairfax wating for Joe, '
said Gallagher.
"We'll- got a rig and all go out to
gether." said Hawkins.
"And Hawkins and I will order the best
dinner in the land in honor of the bride
elect." put in Magee.
Ten minutes later the quartet were
bowling along the road to Fairfax. When
thev ncared the place where the bride
was supposed to be waiting Gallagher be
gan to break the news gently to Magee
and Hawkins. After some deep thinking
the Marin natives began to tumble. The
Josh was on them. £
"Well we'll have the dinner all the
same," said Magee. "Only I guess we'll
make It stag."
And this is the truth of the romantic
story that Joe Sullivan had run away to
San Rafael with a beautiful girl and got
married. His many young lady friends
who have been filled with the gossip of it
will perhaps be pleased when they learn
that the "marriage" never got any fur
ther than the taking out of a license bear-
Ing the name of a fictitious bride, and
that Joe is really a bachelor yet.
Two Prominent San Franciscans and
Two Marin County Attorneys
Who Mixed It in a Little
Comedy.
Tale of San Rafael Marriage
License Which Caused
Plenty of Fun.
HOW SULLIVAN'S
DREAM-WIFE WON
HIM A BANQUET
There were more tip-natures of P. W.
McGlada admitted as specimens of h!s
handwriting yesterday and there were a
few paces of the books of the Street De
partment which. It was testified, were
written by him.
U. M. Heger.sberger, a broker with
whom McGlade did business; was the wit
ness that identified the pages In the
books. He swore that several pas^es were
Is McGla-Ie's handwriting, every word of
them, but when it came to croap-examN
nalh n Attorney Lecnon pot an admission
:rom him that In one case there was a
•July" that McCJlade had not written and
!:i another there were a few words that
cid rot look like ilcG'.ade's writing.
R^Kensbergcr was al*o asked about how
re discovered the frauds In the Street. De
jartTnent. but he was prevented from an.
swerir.g by the ohjections of the defense.
}Je will be called again later on to tell of
some conversations he bad with McGlade
regarding the forged demands "just be
fore McGlade fled to Mexico," ujs Regens
l"TRl>r put It.
In a«1uit.:on. Reg-ensberger Mentifi*Kl sev
eral signatures of McGlade on unpaid
notes, a circumstance which accounted
for the ease with which the witness iden
tified them.
There was some testimony and more un
raid notes from 1'erdlnand Smith, another
lender cf money, and the signatures or
these two were admitted as exemplars for
the writing expert to work on. There was
aJso another FiKnature from the certifi
oa.t« of registration sworn to before Mar
tin W. Fleming^ a deputy registrar, who
produced it la cSort
Jurorb McCurren and Williams took a
great Interest In the exact standing of
R^emsbergrr as a writing expert. Th«>y
asked if he cla-'m^d tc be one. and they
asked the court if they were to take him
r.s cr.a. Mr. Deuprey had stater] to the
court that Rc-pvnsberper was produced as>
an expert <>ri MeCJiadfe's handwriting only,
and the irltneM then supplements this
with the statement that he was familiah
with th* 1 Mo<jlade writing, but he was
not an *xp<?rt upon Jt. He had seen it so
often, bowwer, that he could Identify u
whenever lie oa.J>ght sight of it.
Some Outstanding Accounts That
Will Help the Writing Expert
to Complete the Case
of Forgery.
Money Lenders Whose Mem
ory of Defendant Was
Very Vigorous.
BROUGHT INTO
COURT UNPAID
McGLADE NOTES
met William Wren, an old shipmate in
the navy, Saturday night and pleaded
poverty. Wren treated him to several
drinks and took him to his room at 113
Sixth street, so that he would not have to
walk the streets all night. Wren found
Sunday morning that Vlctorson had dis
appeared after rifling his pockets of T-T.
The thief was sentenced to serve sixty
days in jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.'
Eark Musselcrag- That Came From Europe Via Cape cf Good Hope.
7
AJJVEBTTSEMENTS.
SAYS
"I doctored with two of
tho best doctors in tho city
for two years and had no
relief until I used tha
Pinkham remedies.
"My trouble was ulcer-
ation of the uterus. I suf-
fered terribly, couid not
sleep nights and thought
sometimes that death
would be such a relief.
" To-day I am a well wo-
man, able to do my own
work, and have not a pain*
t£ I used four bottles of
Lydia E. Plnkham's Vege-
table Compound and three
packages of Sanative
Wash and oannot praise
the medicines enough*"—
MRS. ELIZA THOMAS,
634 Pine St., Easton, Pa.
Mrsm Pinkham advises
suffering women without
charge.
Lydia E. Pinkham Med. Co., Lyna, Mass.
T%~. 1 » *» *». The covered passage-
l 2rllR.Cc wa y connecting these
. *** v * vw two Immense struc-
.. turea places under
one management 2430
onr j rooms. 900 of which
CtillX have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
————— e r9 from every section
g^ j of the world recognize
| T 1»£|Tir| .and appreciate tho
v * x wuvt comforts and convent.
ences offered by these
/ hotels. -
XJ/"k-f-/\] e American plan. Eu-
Xl.ULCl.I5 ropean plan.
AMUSEMENTS. .
KEEP THIS IN MIND!
T/fE SPECIAL LIMITED V
EXCURSION ¦•
1 MOUNT SHASTA
And vicinity. In Pullman Palace Sleepers, Mr.
Win. H. Menton. Excursion Passenger Agent
8. P. Co.. in charge. LEAVES SAN FRAN-
CISCO SATURDAY. JUNE 2. from ferry land-
ing, foot of Market street. AT 7 P. M. RE-
TURNING MONDAY, JUNE «. at 7:45 a. m.
Round-trip tickets, including berth two
nights in sleeper,
ONLY $10:™
Meals extra. Served on train a la carte.
Excursion tickets now on sale at 813 Market
«t.. Grand Hotel block. .
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK.
Passenger Traffic Manager.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
. Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from .7 a. m. to JO p. m.
Admission. 10c; Children, 5c.
Bi thing, including admission. Z3c; children 20c.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
if (1) |MffliW|
OPH/R
OIL
STOCK!
WELLS ALL AROUND TS.
NEW STRIKES AT COAI.IN'OA.
OIL SEEPAGES AND <~>Tt.
PAXI'RTONE CX THE OPHIli
TRACTS.
BUY NOW— Lat*r you will pay
more tor the same stock.
; STOCK Fl'LLT PAID.
; NON-APSESSABLE.
I Directed and operated by leading busi-
; ness men. Ca!l or nend for
prospectus.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
IiO» Ar>se!rt« Offle». 4C2 Douglas Clock.
4 ,
AHUSEMENTS.
STRONGER THAN EVER.
MISS LILLIAN 8URKHART
And Company In "A DEAL ON 'CIH.NGE.'*
Third and Last Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
VANDT: MIDOLET & CARLISLB.
TWENTY OTHERS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c: opera cha!r»
and box aeats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-MORROW, DECORATION
PAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
Cl^de Fitch's Domestic Comedy.
A SUPERFLUOUS
HUSBAND!——
A TALE OP MARRIED LIFE.
SALE OF SEATS BEGINS TO-DAY FOTl
FLORENCE ROBERTS' "SAPHQ,"
LmLU FlBiA &<%&
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY). MAT-
INEE SATURDAY.
A GRAND ARTISTIC TRIUMPHt
N. C. Goodwin
Maxine Elliott
In their greatest success,
WHENWEWERETWEHTY-ONE
By H. V. ESMOND.
Cast and production identical to that teen
at the Knickerbocker Theater. ICe-w York.
PHONE MAIN 532.
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF RICE'S FAMOUS
EXTRA VAOAN&A.
THE ENTIRE PRESS OF THE CITY CNAK1-
MOrS IN ITS PRAISE.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAY NEXT,
» DECORATION DAY.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved ieat In orchestra at all mati-
nees, 25c. ¦' .'¦ ¦;
Branch Ticket Office— Emporinia.
SPECIAL | MEMORIAL.
wlATlNtE I DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
MR. JAMES NIB1LL-
AND COMPANY IN
"LORD CHUMLEY."
Wednesday and Thursday nights. "A
BACHELOR'S ROMANCE." Thursday mati-
nee. "CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR." Friday
and Saturday nlshts and Saturday matinee.
"CAPTAIN SWIFT."
Next week— DUNNE & RYLEY"3 ALL-STAR
CAST, presenting HoyVs •vergreen success.
"A RAG BABY."
'*TiyOLI*
Another Artistic and Complete Triumph!
A Crowded House Declared So Last NlEht for
the Romantic Comic Opera.
"THE THREE
GUARDSMEN!"
Produced With a Wealth of Scenic Effects!
Evenings at 8, Matinee Saturday at Z.
POPULAR r*KlCfcci— 25c and 50c.
Telephone. Bush 9.
T7TQrWJ7R*Q: CONCERT HOUSE.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF. in Acts From
"LUCIA" and "THE HUGUENOTS."
MISS SANDOLIN IN ENGLISH SONGS.
Reserved Seats. He. Mitiaee Suad&r.
jfiyt/^ e on ly complete Cape-'.^^jk. ¦} J^
| JJP^ Nome clothing outfitters on $
yjm/yy^ 6/a/7*efs underwear moccasins . £%&
y, \//\^ tents rubber boots 'tobacco A%i y*
V V>ySk. unable to visit us, write at'once« >>^l/
/£ Ss^Sw e are handlin 2 bulk of Cape >&%r
y l^^^S^Nome business. w
ipfieWed^ontll
A.J.F>RAGER,& SONSThe Jury in the recent law suit unanimously
agreed upon the verdict, sealed It and went
home to bed. After sleeping over It they dis
agreed the next morning. This shows the
power of Bleep to strengthen the human mind.
Those who are troubled with Insomnia should
try Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It puts the
stomach In good condition and Induces sweet,
sound sleep. It is the best of remedies for
kidney, liver and blood disorders.
Sleep Changes the Ver4ict.
The bill passed its second reading, amid
cheers. by a vote of 116 to 31. The*m!nor-
Ity against tH*> marrlagre bill Included the
Jlarquis of Salisbury and : the Duke" of
Abercorn. The majority Included the
Prince of Wales, the. Duke of Connaught,
the Duke of York, the Duke of Devonshire
end the Mar<xu!s of Lacsdowne.
LONDON. May 2S.— In the House of
Lords to-day Lord Strathcona and Mount
Royal moved the second reading of the
colonial bill permitting the marriage of a
man and h!s deceased wife's sister. Earl
Halsbury opposed the bill, which, he said,
would alter the laws of inheritance on
real property in Great Britain. The dif
ficulty, ho pointed out^-rested In the -fact
that the colonial laWAvas different from
the British law.
British Marriage Lavs.
House of ILords Favors Bill Altering
PASSES ITS SECOND READING.
VISAL.LA. May 2S.— A special election
T71U5 held In this city to-day to vote on a
proposition to issue 521,000 bonds to erect a
new high echrx>l building In this city. The
proposition met with overwhelming de
feat, ths vote being nearly threo to one
agalrmt.
Will Not Issue Bonds.
STOCKTON. May 2S.— Orrin 8. Hcnder
ron. president of the Merchants* and Man
ufacturers' Association of this city, to
day received a tele^rara from Congress
man de Vries. Baying that Secretary of
the Navy L^ng would, make an order
tranpf erring the puns used by Commodore
Stockton in th<* conquest of California
into the custody of the cfty of Stockton.
The grur.s are now at Mare Island and
were to be eoid at auction In a short
time. Th««y will b* used In the celebration
of next Fourth of July, at which special
honors -will b« paJd to the memory of the
officer for whom this city was named.
Historic Guns for Stockton.
Bogle May Escape Trial. I
SANTA ROSA, , May . 2S.— To-morrow
morning Judge Burnett will probably de
cide whether the information tor' murder
against Dr.Bogle of this city shall?be set
aside on the grounds asked lor by Bogle's
attorneys.. A motion filed 'to-day /alleges
that being a woman deputy Clerk Agnes
Smith cannot hold .that, office, legally.
Another ground was that the magistrate*
did not legally bind the accused over for
trial by a higher court *
Pensions Granted and Postmasters
Commissioned or Appointed.
Special . Dippatch to The Call.
•WASHINGTON, May 2S-— Pensions for
Californians: Original— Albert McGilvray,
dead. $12; Selkirk HihJebrand. Fort Blfl
well, J6; James W. Beaver, Lemoore. $6;
Theodore Steger, Corning-, $6. Increase-^
Dclos Wood, Santa Barbara, $3; Thomas
Carr, Vallejo, ?S; Noyes G. Ward, San
Francisco, $8. Original widows, etc.—
Alice Annie McGilvray, San Francisco. $8.
Mexican war survivors. Increase — John "W
Edmonson, Josephine, $12.
Oregon: Increase— John Kowan, Arago,
514.
Washington: Original— Alexander Rose,
Creston, $6. Original widows, etc. — Caro
line T. Taft, mother, Seattle, $30.
Postofllce established — Fairchild, - San
Joaquin County, Ellsha H. Burnett, post
master. Postmasters commissioned— Elk
Grove, Joseph Hosman; Proberta, Thomas
L. Brooke. Postmaster appointed — Hart
Shasta County, William J. O'Donnell, vice
Richard G. Hart, removed.
Four additional letter-carriers will be
allowed the postmaster at Berkeley on
July 1 on account of the extension of tho
service to • Lorin, Peralta and West
Berkeley.
One British Officer Wounded Soon
After the Start for the
Ashanti Capital.
LONDON, May 2S.-A dispatch received
at the Colonial Office from Accra. British
Gold Coast, announces that Colonel WJ1
cock-s relief, which had only Just started
for Kumasslo, has already met opposition
One officer is reported wounded.
The Accra dispatch of yesterday, which
reported that three European officers were
killed and one captain and one hundred
Haussas were wounded, seems to refer to
the fighting which occurred a couple of
months ago.
The Government does not appear to be
apprehensive of any serious extension of
the rising.
s. •
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
KUMASSIE RELIEF
% .X FORCE ATTACKED
Splendid Showing Made in Reports
by Officers of the American
Union.
DETROIT, Mich., May 28.— Foreign* mis
sions are having the floor during the clos
ing two clays' sessions of the Baptist mis
sionary anniversaries. The eighty-sixth
annual reports submitted to-day, by the
officers of the American Baptist Mission
ary Union showed that the union has to
day in foreign countries 472 American mis
sionaries, 2480 native preachers and other
workers, 595 self-supporting native
churches and 1507 out stations. The so
ciety's debt on April 1 last had increased
in nn? year from $54,400 to $111,000.
Th© number of additions to the native
churches by baptism, have been unprece
dr;ntedly great in most of the foreign
fields. In the Congo mission this has
reached almost 50 per cent- of the mem
bership of the church. Baptist work has
Just been begun among the Visayans un
der the leadership of a native convert
with headquarters at Hollo.
Robert O. Fuller of Cambridge, Mass ,
president of the society, delivered the an
nual address. Henry C. Mable, D. D.. af
Boston, home secretary, spoke of "Tan
Years of Missionary Union In the Home
Field.
BAPTIST MISSIONARY
WORK OF THE YEAR
BELLE ISLE'S WOODWORK
PROOF AGAINST FIRE
Result of the Naval Experiment by
British Warships Off Ports
.^mouth. J
LONDON, May 28.— Replying in 4he
House* of Commons to-day to a question
on the subject of Saturday's naval ex
periment, when the British first-class bat
tleship Majestic fired upon and sank the
coast defense ironclad Belle Isle near
Portsmouth in nine minutes, the First
Lord of the Admiralty. George J. Goschen,
said that to the extreme surprise of the
naval men the Belle Isle did not take fire,
although she was reported to have been
in flames six minutes after the firing com
menced. He explained that the specta
tors, heing at a distance from the war
ship, were misled by volleys of steam
and lyddite smoke.
Mr. Goschen added that there was a
slight smoldering in one cabin of the Belle
Isle, but that otherwise the woodwork,
although shattered In every direction, was
not consumed by fire to- any decree. The
experiment was Instituted specially to see
whether the woodwork of the Belle Isle
would burn as the woodwork of the Span
ish ships destroyed*by tho American ships
had burned. . ;
AMERICANS MEET WAIiES.
Large Attendance at the Levee Held
by the Prince.
LONDON. May 28.— The levee held by
the Prince of Wales to-day was well at
tended, those present including the United
States Embassador, Joseph H. Choate,
and the members of the embassy. Mr.
Choate presented Captain Crai«, U. S. N.:
"Lieutenant Bentley Mott, the United
States military attache at Paris; General
Prank Wheaton, W. Bayard Cutting and
Carl von Gersdorft Jn the diplomatic circle
and Captain D. C. Falls of New York; C.
W. Whitney, Edwin Gould, T. A. Reilly of
Philadelphia and Beniamin Thaw of Pitts
burg in the general circle.
"The Chamber, approving the act of
the Government and confident of the de
votion of the army to the fatherland and
the republic, passes to the order of the
day."
- Tils motion M. Bourgeois supported In
a speech, appealing- to the Republicans to
un'te In the defense of the republic against
"a party which, in the name of national
ism, is working perpetually, either openly
or underground, to brine about the de
struction of the republic"
"It Is not only the republic which Is
threatened." he scld; *'it is the parlia
mentary institution. It is liberty itself."
The i'irft part of the motion of Bour
ireois, "approving the net* of the Govern
ment " was adopted by 2S8 votes against
247. and the eccor.d was Fasred unanl
mouply.
The ccnrlon was then adjourned until
Thursday n^xt and 'the chamber emptied
amid ministerial shouts of "Vive la re
publique!" The "vTaldeck-RcusReau Cabi
net ouierccd victorious from the most vig
orous assault yet delivered against It.
M. Waideck-Rousseau ascended the.
tribune, and his tirfct words tended to con
firm the lobby reports, as he immediately
made an apologetic explanation of his
previous remarks. Ho said:
"I c'-c'iare I r'-ver had any intention to
Incriminate the character cf an officer
whose service has been particularly bril
!lar.t- In expressing myself as I did on
hi« act I only repeated what the Minister
of "U'ar had previously expressed, and I
loin In the euloples he addressed to the
loyalty of the army."
•'We accept your apology," cried M. de
Cassacr.ac.
1L L>eschanel thrn read a number of
orflers cf the day criticizing the Govern
ment's attitude, and one proposed by M.
Leon Bourgeois, Republican-Radical,
couched thus:
In view of the reports the resumption of
the Bcsfcicn was awaited with feverish In
terest. When the <3oors wore reopened
the Deputies and public flocked into the
hail, ar.d it was immediately remarked
that General de Oallifet was absent.
Color v.'jis lent to the rumors o" the res
ignation ol General de cJailifet. especially
cs a Cafc'.net council was being held at the
time. Subsequently ii. Deloasse again
conferred with General de Callifst, and
according v> reports suefiede'i in Induc
ing him to abandon the Idea of resigning-.
«n the understanding that the Pri-mitr
\could withdraw what General de Gailifot
considered a reflection upon the army. •.
PARTS, May 23. 11:45 p. m.— During the
EU?pensicn the lobbies of the chamber
vere Oiled with Deputies. Journalists and
the public excitedly discussing the inci
dents of tho seesion, and especially the
reason for General de Gal'lfet's withdraw
al, as to whether It was due to a sudden
indisposition or intended as a proteet
e.g-a!nst the Premier's remarks. The gen
eral opinion was that If the latter had
been the ca?e it wculd lead to a downfall
cf the Cabinet.
I'AHjS, Ma;- 25. — There waa a crowded
attendance In the Chamber of Deputies
in anticipation of ax. Important cession,
cxislsg; frora Count LJo:ii ce Casteilana's
lnterpelictioz:. taking- the Government to
t^sk rcr its relation with St. IU-:nach. The
Chamber decided upon an immediate dis
cussion of the matter* whereupon tho
ilexquis ce GaiMt'et rose aim rt-peaied his
XLsscrtioaa of Jatst Friday regitri2:n& the
Fritscii eclair. lie said he noped the
tray would nGt listen to those who
jjrcachtd and v.-ould not
iijlow itself to be iuiyoted on by iin nul
vecturw, as WMM tho cam> lilteen years
6£0.
This dt-r.uncialion of Eouiangorism
brought lortii rii;gi:.g cheers from uie So
cialists t;i:d vehement protects from tiie
2»atlonaJitts.
Count IJonf de Casteliane. followed.
Vfce i>roee«?ii;:;gs became fco uproarious
that the President o£ tiie Chamber, 11.
ILxischaiiei. was coiaptllt-a to suspend tho
tession.
lieiors M. de Castellane spoke M. Pou
lin-ilery, Socialist, cried:
•"it is cowardly to insult the dead."
11. DcacoaaeL amid a scene of tumult,
called Jtl. l'ou!in-Mery to order, but the
ia.tttr loudly repeatea: "It is an act of
cowardice. I>ou;a.r.ger is dtad."
The President <->t the Chamber again
called ii. J'ottiin-Mery to order.
General de Oallil'et continued In his
i:suid b:u3 jn:.ixn« r. saying: "I alone am
resj>onstljle lor whit has occurred in the
"War Oltice. It you wish to strike any one,
strike me." dociaiist cheers greeted this
declaration.
M. de Casteliane asked the Premier, M.
"Waldeck-Kous^eiLU. what measures he in
tended to take ugaJast M. lieiiiach for tne
insinuation wiiicn he had made that the
Government had agreed that the Dreyfus
affair should be revived after the exposi
tion, provided the Dreyfusarus main
tained a. truce u'urlng that period.
M.. de CiisteUaiie intimated that the ac
tion of Tomps, the detective, was part of
this arra.iisvrr.ent. because, he added,
ffomps could hardly have eone abroad and
made money jjropositlcr.s to spy without
Walcieek-rJouRseau knowing it.
Other Nationalists continued the debate,
irEistir.? that Captain Fri^.ch's divulga-
Tion of the Tomps Letters showed the Cab-
Inet was working with the Dreyfusards
lor reope:::i:K the Diejrfua conflict. M.
Waldeck-BousBean replied to M. de
Casteliane, denying that there vras any
Cgreement with M. Koinach. whose words,
he asseric-d. v.ere entirely contrary to tiie
eeaOmetttm of the Cabinet.
Continuing:, the Premier sairi Captain
Frit?ch had divulged the Tomps letter in
order to enable the Nationalists to commit
u coup de theatre, and his action was a
UtUmy.
An uproar ensued. The Socialists ln
duleed in rounds of applause, while the
reactionists and Nationalists loudly pro-
Tested. Nearly all tho Deputies stood up,
iri-stieulatint? and shnutir.g.
M. I>esohancl vainly ranj? his bell and
De Gailifet amid the tumult left the
Chamber. H* wa? feeling indisposed. As
be crossed the floor the Nationalists
reused a monotonous chant of the name
of Gallifet. M. GaJIifet took no notice.
liut the Socialists and Radicals .retorted
rr'.Vn shouts ot ""Vive Waldeck-Rousseau,"
•Vive la Ropublioue." a-:d gathered
around tho ministerial bench, cheering
wildly.
M. De?ehanel. beiriir powerless to Induce
ci'ence, suspended the Fession.
The Chamtfer voted confidence In the
Government by 2V> to 247.
WALDECK-ROUSSEAU
CABINET VICTORIOUS
- PAIUS, May 23. 4:23 a. m.— It is
- rumored that Captain Fritsch sent
" his seconds to ML Woldeck-llous
\ eeau s.t the conciusloa of the
session.
H. Deschane], After Several Futile
Attempts to Hestore Order, Is
Forced to Adjourn the
Session.
Denunciation of Boulan
gerism Causes an
Uproar.
DEPUTIES VOTE
CONFIDENCE IN
GOVERNMEHT
"WASHINGTON, May 28.— This was a
dull day in the House, considering the
near approach of the final adjournment
"The Alaskan civil government ,l>ill was
passed and some odds and ends of legis
lation were cleaned up.
Dalzell gave | notice that the anti-trust
resolution and bill reported by the Judi
ciary Committee would bo considered on
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of this
week under a special order.
"Wednesday is Decoration day," sug
gested Richardson-. "It is usual to ad
journ over on that day."
"I do not think we can better, observe
the day," replied Dalzell, "than by devot
ing it to the public business."
The House then resumed the considera
tion of those portions of the Alaskan civil
government bill which had been passed
over last week. During the debate Driggs
of New York, who raised something of a
sensation about two months ago by charg
ing reckless extravagance in fitting up
the transport Sumner, recurred to that
subject. Hince then he has continued his
Investigating tho cost of the retlttlng of
that transport, and to-day he charged that
$632,000 was .«pent upon her, her original
coat being $160,000. The Secretary of "War
reported that only $262,000 had been ex
pended in refitting. Driggs said that $100,
000 was expended by the Navy Department
before she was turned over to the War
Department. «
Senate Joint resolutions -were passed to
authorize the President to appoint ten
first lieutenants of the Signal Corp3,
whose commissions shall expire on June
30, 1901; and to provide for six additional
officers In the subsistence bureau of the
War Department.
Bills were passed to ratify the agree
ment of the commission to the five civil
ized tribes and the Semlnole Indians; to
restore to the public domain a small tract
of the White Mountain Apache Indian
Reservation In Arizona; to exchange gold
bars for gold coin.
Driggs Creates a Sensation by Furth
er Charges of Extravagance in ;
the Fitting Up of the
Transport Sunnier.
¦ : ; — ¦>¦ — • •
Civil Government Measure
Passed After Long
Debate.
MAJORITY FOR
ALASKAN BILL
IN THE HOUSE
Lodge Refutes the Charges.
Lodge of Massachusetts: "What proof
has the Senator of a secret understanding
between the United States and Great
Britain?"
Wellington replied that he would reach
that point later, but soon closed his
speech without reference to tho matter.
Lodge thereupon said ho had listened In
vain for any proof of an understanding,
Secret or otherwise, between this country
and .Great Britain. ,
Wellington replied that naturally there
could be no tangible pr,oof of 'such an
understanding until the secret archives
of the State Department were opened.
"Then It comes back simply to this,"
said Lodge. "The Senator believes a se
cret understanding exists. The fact- is
there is no such understanding. Under
our system of government It could not
exist. The Secretary of State, nn honor
able and patriotic man, has denied that a
secret alliance or understanding oxlsts. I
believe him and the American people Co
and will believe him."
The Boer resolution then went over.
The Senate resumed consideration of the
sundry civil appropriation bill. Tho read
ing of/the bill was completed.'but not all
of Hfc/ committee amendments have been
dJrposed of. A lively debate wa3 precip
itated over tho proposition to continue the
life of the Industrial Commission .until
October 31. 1901. Charges were mada that
the commission was being used ns a Re
publican campaign machine and that im
portant testimony had been suppressed.
The committee amendment, however, waa
agreed to. j.
He declared that this country', so far as
its government was concerned, had yield
ed to Rrltish blandishments and was un
der the sway of British Influence. Eng
land dared not. h» said, attack us by
force, and. realizing this, was gaining
points against us by diplomacy. So it was
during the Kispano-American war that
England professed herself our friend after
we had broken the power of Spain.
"That," he exclaimed, "was the begin
ning of an alliance conceived in darkness
and carried out in iniquity. There has
been between the two governments a se
cret understanding — although as yet no
open alliance — and a surrender of Ameri
can interests to Great Britain. Despite
the desire of a vast majority of our peo
p' e ; that we should extend our sympathy
and good offices to the Boers, the dlplom
acy of Great Britain now binds the hands
of our country."
Wellington discusseed at length the
origin of the pending war, and declared
thct what Great Britain was unable
ethervise bring about she accom
plished by "misrepresentation and libel."
He denounced England for what he de
clared v.-as- its policy of aggression
against the Boers in driving them from
place to place, each of which had been
purchased by the money of the Boers and
baptized with their blood- The treaties
between the Boers and Great Britain
were violated, because, he maintained,
"England never kept a promise where It
was to her advantage to break It."
"England had determined to gain pos
session of the rich gold mines of rthe
Transvaal," said Wellington, "and the
conspiracy organized by Cecil Rhodes and
Joseph Chamberlain soon developed Into
one of the most awful tragedies of mod- 4
c-rn times."
He declared the United States Govern
ment need have no fear of acting In the
matter, as Great Britain would not go to
war with the United States, and the
i United States Government should give the
Boer envoys the same cordial welcome as
had been extended to them by the people
of the country- But this reception was
• being withheld by the Government be
! cause of an understanding between this
I Government and Great Britain.
WASHINGTON. May 2S.— In the course,
cf a Epeech to-daj- in favor of the adop
tion cf a resolution expressing the Sen
ate's syr.-ipr.thy for the Boers. Wellington
of Maryland referred to a secret uud«r
stocdins existing between the. United
States and Great Britain. When Lodge
of Massachusetts demanded proof that
such an understanding existed, Welling
ton said that under the circumstances it
was ditiicuit to present tangible proor,
but he believed the proof could be found
in the secret archives of the State De
partment. Mr. Lodge replied that under
our iorm of government no such under
•tanding eouiti exist, and, as the Secre
tarv of dtate had emphatically denied the
exiiter.ee of any alliance or understand
ing, he believed the country would accept
his statement as true.
Wellington, in calling up Teller's reso
lution expressing sympathy for the Boers
and declaring- a desire that the govern
ment of tho United States should extend
its friendly offices to both Great Britain
and the Transvaal with a view to bring
ing the war to a close, maintained that
Congress would not have performed the
full measure of its duty if before adjourn
ment it did not redeem its pledge to give
the people of Cuba a free and independ
ent government; if it did not declare its
policy as to the Philippine Islands, to the
holding of which by the United States
he was unalterably opposed, and if it did
not take definite action in favor of the
Boers. The American people, he said,
were in profound sympathy with the
Boers, who were struggling for liberty
ags.ir.st untold odds.
•Unless we v.ish to be recreant to our
duty we must act," he exclaimed, "and
unless we act quickly it will be too late."
Alleged Anglo-American Alliance.
Senator Wellington Calls Up
That Secret
Alliance. .
Accusations Made in a Speech on Be
half cf the Boers Are De
nounced as Baseless by
Lodge.
CHARGES THAT
AMERICA AIDS
GREAT BRITAIN
. Special Dispatch to The CalL
BOISE. Idaho, May 2S. — The police here to-day unearthed three infernal
machines that had been cached near a fashionable boarding-house. The ma
chines aro ingenious in their makeup and were intended to be loaded with
dynamite. i
There has been considerable feeling 1 here because certain bankers refused
for a lone time to subscribe to a popular railroad fund for th« Idaho Mid
land, the proposed Boise-Butte road, .and' one theory Is that the machines ,were
made for them and cached to await a favorable moment to use them.
MEASURE TO
PREVENT GERMAN
DISCRIMINATION
Bailey Introduces a Bill
Indorsed by Livestock
Association.
\ •_,
Gives the President Power to Raise
the Duty on German Products if
a Prohibitive Tariff Is
Placed on Meat.
WASHINGTON. May 2S.— As a result-of
conferences to-day between President J. W.
Springer of Denver, of the National Live
stock Associaiicn, and members of Con
gress relative to the German meat In
spection bill, the following bill was intro
duced in the House of Representatives by
Representative Bailey of Kansas:
That whenever the President of the United
States shall be Informed that the Government
of the German empire has passed a law im
posing prohibitory duties on meat products,
which may be Imported Into that country from
the United States, he shall Issue a proclamation
fixing a time when all articles produced or man
ufactured in the German empire, when entered
for consumption at the ports of the United
States, shall pay a duty of 10 per cent In ex
cess of the duties Imposed thereon prior to the
passage of thie act; and all such products and
manufactures when so entered for consump
tion after said time, fixed by the President,
eliall pay such increased duties.
The bill was referred to the^Ways and
Means Committee, and Mr. Springer saw
merrfbers of that committee with a view to
urging- early action. He said as to the
measure:
"The National Livestock Association is
the largest organization of its kind In the
world, representing over $600,000,000, and
with it are federated on this subject the
American Shorthorn Breeders' Associa
tion, the National Hereford Breeders' As
sociation and some hundred livestock or
ganizations. We feel that the livestock
industry is singled out by the German
empire for direct discrimination, and all
the stock people will feel the effect of
such action. They feel, too, that the time
has come for the allied stock interests of
the United States to speak out in no un
certain tones, and they hflpe to direct the
attention of Congress and the Govern
ment to the situation. All the livestock
States are deeply interested In what Is
bejng done and are desirous of having ad
equate measures adopted to overcome the
discrimination by Germany."
Probably Intended for Certain Bankers
Who Had Refused to Subscribe to"
a Railroad Fund.
INFERNAL MACHINES
UNEARTHED IN IDAHO
THE SAN" FRMCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
8
FOR AN OUTING....
VI**-- ONE OF THE MANY MINERAL
. tING RESORTS ALONG THE
California.... ¦
Northwestern 1
Railway Co.
"Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO. AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE -PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If you prefer the simple home life of the
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our section from which to choose.
But If you. would rather the tent In some
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Jnst
Issued by the Company, irivlnj? Careptns Loca-
tions. Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, where Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from fci.00 to JS.CO per week.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street (O.—inlcle
building).
General Office. Mutual Life bulldlnr. San-
j<otti«» and California streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING,
General Manager.,
R. X. RYAX.
General Passenger Agent.
THE EVERLASTING HILLS
Covered with Live Oaks and bathed In,
suLshlne. with no fosra to chill or winds
to distract, are spread before yew as
you rest and enjoy life on the broad
verandahs of
PflSO ROBLES HOT SPRINGS.
. Bathhouse 22SxG0 feet, cost $23,000;
one eide for women. Competent men
and women masseurs. Rheumatism,
Dyspepsia or Catarrh, go common near
the coast, are impossible here— the Hot
> Mineral Mud, Sulphur and Hot Su.%0
Baths make It so.
Every modern convenience at the ho-
tel. Rates for hotel, baths and physi-
cian, $10 to $21 a week.
SPECIAL BOUND-TRIP REBATE TICIET3.
For further information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. 640 Market St.. S. F.
Otto E. N«Ter, Proprietor, P»ao Kohltj, CaL
PARAISO BCT SPRINGS, Cap . l8 A b^r o ;L. '
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: «wlmmlnic tank JOxSO feet. Our nyuseurs
are all graduates. Huntir.gr and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danr« hall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
illuminated by stas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. Pan Francisco, 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway, Oakland, 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-'
dad then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip ticket*. IS. at S.
P office. 811 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician. *¦-
GO TO
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS.
It"* THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matism and Malaria. Addres«
A BETTEN'S. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal. .
Or Lombard & Co.. City Asents. room
30. 36 Geary st.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now opeti and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating! swlmmintr.
fishing-, tennis, croquet, billiards, t^wltng alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers" ticket from San Fran-
cisco $3 CO. Full information at Traveler office.
20 Montfiom<*ry St., or B. DICKINSON, Lessee,
Ben Lomond. Cal. *.; .>;¦-
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champairne baths; only
.place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and tabla Erst class. Open*
ri J. A. REPEMETER ft CO.. Proprietors.
I>K. C. C. O'DONXELL'S MIXEKAL
SriSINOS at Glen Ellen Is the best camplnx.
-.picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
ttomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and 8. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
nark. Mineral water, beats and bathing free,
lnqutre of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 10?m
Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this 1» the place to grv
Nothing so good as good
health— no place so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop., Bachelor.
Lake County. Cal.
• City office. 416 Pine >t. Booklet.
INDEPENDENCE L/%K.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine tubing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. Pee "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
jCLEMONS. Vlrztnla City. Nev.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln St*.. San Francisco.
Strictly Flrst-cla3s Family Hotel."
MRS. M, MERRY. Proprietress. ¦,'
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting
boating and bathlns. Address O. WEISM VN
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake Coanty. Cal.
¦ MONTF HflTF! los gatos. cai.-
. HI V.I I L UUl CL» Beautiful e r o u n d s
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. .Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train; 55 miles
from San Francisco. Fare. II 65.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOU.MANN, Nmp* Soda. Springs P. Of
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY 34 HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY $8.OO FOR TIIE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL \. ;
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowline. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of Shady
"Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Homes and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunzes. -^
COMPETENT MASSAQISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery Bt.,
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
Springs, Cal. .
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendoine Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
lees other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St.. Sail
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
OCEAN EXCURSIONS,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. San Francisco
to Vlctji-ia, Vancouver, Seattle. Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
San FranciECo to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sags to Skaeuav over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
30 to 35 dayfi-trlp.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21, via Juneau, Skaguay, Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage. In sight of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unlmah Pass and Saal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctlo Circle and passing
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Ticket office, i New Montgomery.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3H Hours' Ride From Los Anceles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.,
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB.
always open. Golf*and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
Ov ;-:v GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
(21 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
122 South Spring St.. Lo» Anceles. Cal.
For tho Complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. At all dniEKlsts.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA XE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C P. R. H. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scen&ry. water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: $8 a
week; open all year; ?end for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal...
THE COTTAGE/
Nine miles from Redwood City, In the heart
1 of Portola Valley, among the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort* for a few
weeks during the summer vacation. Plenty of
flshlne and cood drives. Terms 16 to $10 per
¦week. Only a limited amount of room.
Address JAMES C. ELY. P. M.. Portola. Cal.
Vi°- TOCALOMA, M & IN
UERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for familes and par-
ties: fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahli
thoe store, S24 Kearny Bt., 8. F.
DUNC.4N SPRINGS HOTEL rJnTVp^nd 8
unequaled soda 'and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendoclno County, Cal.
CARLSBAD !»<&
Most beautiful epbt In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and blr.dder affection*. Accommodations nrsc
class; ir 10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'GOVEItN, Kelseyvllle, Lake Co.
Near Santa Rosa; among the QA|{
Rlnton Hills; home comforts and o gj a "*• c
the best of country life. For oMAfcJfc
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa. ¦ ¦
PLANTATION v'.ilDUSE— ?2SSS S* 0 *
etago line. Good trout fishing; plenty, fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LCTTRIXCER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. for particulars.
VVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for 'families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rate? ti u;. Send for circular. C. H. - W.
BRUNING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
THEGEySERS,^
-.OF- ¦¦NATURE'S' WONDERS*
Natural Pteam baths, awlmmlng, flshlnr
f ° r P>mph1^
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley:
¦ : Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, ; lawn , tennis, " croquet. Btrictly - first-
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina.
TAVERN OF
II Castle Crag
And... .-
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPEHS JUNE 15.
Located In tne midst of and tmpresslv
motmtala scenery, with Mount Shaata
and the Crag* for a
background.
FIXE HUNTING AND FISHIMO.
Unsurpassed eulaine and service and reason*
able ratea.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, inclodla*
sleeper both way*. $14.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
ixma: E. B. PIXLKT. Manager.
Care Paciso Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Polsontnir. LJver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints Hotel and cottages renovated.
Bath* r«2tted and Improved. Macnlflctnt
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fUh-
Ing;. No fogs. Une-4'iaVd for health, rest and
recreation. Ratea. J12 to H* per week. Train*
leav« Third and Towngend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and »:«5 p. m. dally. CArrlaces at Cllroy
fir springs. For Illustrated pamphlets addres*
R. ROBSTRTSON. Proprietor.
HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
Ork/AVlVIO County; only 4ft hour*
from San Francisco and but nin» . miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtue*:
be»t natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; cood trout streams at door; telephone,
t*le;rniph; dally mail and express: FIK3T-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SKKVICE:
morning: and afternocn stages: round trip from
Ean Francisco only $3 SO. Take Tlbcron terry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. %2 a day or
tlJ a week. Ref»rence?i — Any ruest of the past
five years; patronaare constantly tn<*r«asin<.
J. T. MrLORTCTT. Prccrl*tor.
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip. S3 75. Send f>r
circular*. FREESE & JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City office. 918 Larkln street.
ST. HELENA S.4MTARIUM- SSSSSffiS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort a» well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meet* a!l
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
KT. HELENA SANITARrUM. St. Helena. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lak? County to
spend yonr vacation. Boatlns. bathtn?. bowl-
ing:, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMT5OLD.
Laurel r>H. Laic? County. Cal.
VACFMITF **& nour! from Sai »
I vFOl-iT II 1 1_ Francisco, via the lilt
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra P.. It. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $32. For further Information can
or address WM. J. WHITE, General A«ent.
(30 Market st.. S. F.; telephone Main S183.
MftVTFVKTA OPEJ * .may 1st: ».cn» of
U.I IE IIJI A fruit; help yourself: lllua-
Jited circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
flat, CaL
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL— Iron and Majrnesia
Springs. These celebrated springs and health,
resort adjoin the well-known Bartlett Springs.
Good fishing and hunting. Home cooking and
good beds; $3 50 to III) per week. Cottages for
housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN. Bartlett
Springs. Lake County.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, Ov»
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful summer
bom* Id redwoods; runntns water; abundanc«
fruit; good tabla; terms U SO weelc Address
W. CRANDELU Santa Crux. Cat.
BOARD on a fruit ranch, «8 per week; com-
: forts of home and free drives; round trip from
fan Francisco t*. Address Redwood Height,
Occidental. Sonoma County. Cal.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice' surroundings :
comfortable rooms: good table: convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
The Weekly Call
o/ It PubHsIviJ the Cream of thi
J News or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
«J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS TttE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THft
) PACIFIC COAST
3 \ / mx
"J The Best \ / Mining
~\ Telegraphic -\/ News That
cK Service on /\ ' s Accurate
c* The Coast / \& up to daU'
c< Not a Line of it Sensational
! ex or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj . it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright. Clean. A Champioj •!
Tboaghtiul. Tram.
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPCB
J ALL THE TIME.
©) |T ADVOCATES T~SLHT BTf
) HOME MAIL. SI '
=K INDUSTRIES 1 A YDS.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
BAJA CALIFORNIA
iiDamiana Bitters
»l | 6 A CHEAT KlZbTC^ATiVK. LNV1GOKA-
» * ter acd Nervine.
• »r T1 l e , nic « wonderful tphrodlslac and Special
S?i! c »? r . Scxua ' Oreans for both iexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» K14.
Beys and liUdder. Sells on lt» own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUXE. Ajent".
• 123 Uarket st.. 8. F.— (Send ror Circular.)
Why should we tell you of
the virtues of
when you can find them out
more satisfactorily by drink-'
Your grocer can set Cof-farln for
you if you Insist upon It, as you
should. .1
Ij Specialists— Established (881. jj
I i Our Institution Is the lamest, !
i ! our practice the most extensive, i
! i our physicians the • most experl- s
j j enced, our methods the most sue- %
! I cessful. Consultation free. ! :
I 731 Market St., S. F. j {
<^ J .^.. ,.,„.! iii ¦i.miMiinwi I il ill"
Massachusetts Institute of .'Technology,
BOSTON; U.S. A.
.: -j "JAMES iM.* CRAFTS, President. "
¦ "Courses • In: engineering,' -architecture, chem-
istry, physics, biology and general studies. En-
trance examinations ¦ at Belmont, June - 28 and
23, in charge of \V. T-. Reid, A. M., at the
Belmont School, Belmont. Cal. • -
.For Bll information address . '< ~
H. ' W. TYLER, - Secretary.
, 481 ' Boylston St.. Boston.Captain M. A. Healy has received orders
from the Secretary of the Treasury to
take command of the revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch. vice Captain Coulson. Captain
Healy has been on waiting orders these
last four years as a result of the court
martial proceedings instituted when he
was in command of the Bear. The McCul
loch sailed for Seattle yesterday. She
will take a cargo of stores to St. Michael
for the Nunlvak. the United States patrol
boat for the Yukon. Returning to Seattle
she will take to Nome the officers of the
Alaskan court.
Captain Healy on the McCulloch.
Francisco de Luz. a well-dressed Italian,
waa arrested yesterday and locked up la
the detention ward of the Receiving Hos
pital pending an examination as to his
sanltv. After being placed in a cell De
L,uz "attempted to butt his brains out
against the door. .He waa discovered by
Vatron Sweet, who promptly notified
Steward Kahn. After a short struggle
Kahn succeeded in overpowering the ma
niac and placing him In a straltjacket.
He will be committed to the Aghews
asylum to-day.
Tried to Blow His Brains Out.
IMPROVEMENT CLUB
PLANS PUBLIC WORK
Address Forwarded to Supervisors
Setting Forth the Wishes of
Various City Localities.
A special meeting of the finance com
mittee of the Public Improvement Centra!
Club was held Saturday, May 26. and the
following letter was unanimously adopt
ed:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors — Gen
tlemen: In accordance with your courteous In
vitation we herewith submit suggested Im
provements that are necessary to the city and
the various districts:
By James Dcnrnan, president Forty-first Dis
trict Municipal Club — Manual training in gram
mar schools. $10,000.
By N'aph B. Greensfelder, vice president Pub
lic Improvement Central Club- Lowell High
School, necessary repairs, $6600.
By F. C. Selfridue, vice president Western
Addition Club — Replace 286 lamps. Bush street,
repairs, $5000.
By George R. Fletcher, president Point Lobos
Club, and George R. Sanderson, president Pre
sidio Club— Sldewelk. south side Fulton or V
street, from Stanyan to park; twenty electric
llKhts, Richmond; *5C00. . , . . .
By C. W. Pope, president Nineteenth-street
Boulevard Club— Trocadero Gulch. J17.40O.
By W. llcMann, president Polk-street Club—
Polk-street repairs. Sutler to Jackson, $6000.
By Judge Van Reynegom. president Mission
Improvement Union, and D. Kelly, secretary
Mission Improvement Union— Repair 'Valencia
street, from Sixteenth to Twenty-second,. bitu
men on concrete, $16,704, or bitumen on basalt
rock, J10.S64.
By A. S. Llllie. president Mission Federated
Clubs, and Gustave Schnee — Sunnyside • Fire
House. J5000; Eureka Valley Fire House, $3000;
Potrero Fire House, $50C0.
Above are all recommended for your favor
able consideration, and we would be pleased
to be Informed IX same can be included in tax
levy budget. . Respectfully submitted. Publio
Improvement Central Club. ¦
NAPH B. GREENSFELDER,' .
Vice President
GUSTAVE SCHNEE. Secretary. -
CATHOLIC UNION, TO
PICNIC AT LOS GATOS
An Enjoyable Day Planned for the
Organization in the Country
To-Morrow."
Over 3000 tickets have already been sold
for the annual picnic of the Young Men'a
Catholic Union, which is to be held at Los
Gat06 to-morrow. The last year, has seen
a wonderful growth In the membership of
the institution.. and as all will turn out
with their friends to-morrow a big time
is promised. Harry Hay has been select-
About two weeks ago Miss Devine waa
taken HI and at the advice of a friend
she visited the office of Mrs. Allen at 1035
Market street. After she returned home
her condition became alarming and Dr.
Jerome Anderson was sent for. As the
unfortunate woman rapidly grew worse.
Dr. Anderson notified Captain of Detec
tives Seymour, who detailed Detectives
Crockett and Dillon on the case. Last
night they arrested the Allen woman and
locked her up ponding further investiga
tion. There is no hope for the recovery
of Miss Devine.
May Devlne, a comely young woman,
lies at the point of death at her home at
337 Fell street, the result of a criminal
operation. Locked up in the tanks Is Mm.
Mary Allen, a midwife, wr*}. it is claimed,
is responsible for the youcg woman's con
dition.
May Devine at Point of Death and
Midwife Locked in City
Prison.
DYING FROM EFFECTS OF
CRIMINAL OPERATION
Board of Education Announces Its
Dssire to Weed Out Incom
petent Teachers.
President Mark of the Board of Educa
tion had an Informal talk with the prin
cipals of the various schools yesterday
relative to the coming examinations and
the closing of the schools. He took oc
casion to remark to those present that the
board desires especially that all cases of
incompeteneV among teachers be prompt
ly reported without fear and that inves
tigation in every case would promptly
follow.
"We desire to have it understood," he
said, "that we are here to do our duty
and the question of 'pull' never enters
Into our deliberations. No single teacher,
has any more pull with this board than
another. All communications concerning
teachers who are reported as incompetent
or otherwise unfit to be in our schools
will be regarded as confidential and will
not be made public unless formal charges
are made after a careful investigation has
been completed. Things may have been
different in the past, but this will be the
rule now."
NO MORE "PULL" IN
THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
logue is bright and the situations are in
teresting. Ernest Hastings, as the hus
band, and Irene Everett, as the wife, were
excellent, and they were ably assisted by
the other members of the company. Next
Monday night will inaugurate the Flor
(t co Ro'certs season, v.-hen the much
talked-of "Sapho" will be presented.
Grand Opera-House.
Isabella and Columbus in Rice's ex
travaganza "1492' delighted the audience
at the Grand Opera-bouse last evening.
The specialties in the second act, the fine
work of the chorus in th* marches and
dancs- were- deservedly applauded, and
the songs were encored liberally, more es
pecially George Lydlng's "Ave Maria"
from "Cavalleria Rusticana."
Oljmpia.
Harry Holmes and his dog were the hit
of the bill at the Olympia last night. The
rest of the programme is good.
Ftscher's Concert House.
A large and critical audience rede
manded the sextet from "Lucia" last
night at Fischer's Concert House and Sig
nora Barducci, Signorlna Pollettinl. Miss
Sandolln and Signers Bardaracco, Vargas
and Abramoff had to repeat the celebrat
ed number. Signor Abramoff sang the
great "Piff. Pair. " from "The Huguenots"
in his usual masterly style, and Aliss San
dolin gave some English ballads charm
ingly. Little- Melville Coakky, a child
singer, comedian and impersonator, made
an immediate hit. and August Hinrichs'
excellent orchestra had many musical
novelties to offer on the programme. At
the request of many patrons Manager
Fischer has decided to reserve the first
row of seats in tho balcony.
Farce Comedy Season.
A summer season of farce comedy will
be Inaugurated at the California Theater
next Sunday night, when Dunne and Ry
ley's "all star cast" will begin a ten
weeks' engagement. The company has
be*n D3QSt carefully selected and includes
the strongest r.ames 10 be found in this
Un© of entertainment. Among the clever
feople are: J. Sherrie Mathews and
Larry Bulger, who starred here with
their own company; Walter Jones of New
York Casino fame. Mary Marble, the
"daughter of the regiment" in "A Milk
White Flag:" Maude Courtney, the girl
who sings "th« old songs;" Phil H. Ryley.
Tony Hart. John W. Dunne. Bessie
Tannehlll. Marion Gunning. Kth?l Kir
wan. Lizzie Sanger. the "Eight Mascots":
English dancing girls in the famous
"Pony Ballet" from the Casino success.
"The Man in the Moon," and Wiseman's
Serena/iers, oneof the most renowned male
quartiCR before the public. The opening
play will be Hoyt's "A Rag Baby," to be
followed by something new each week
Neill at the California.
James Xeill made another hit last night
at th* California Theater In "Lord Chum
ley." A crowded house greeted the com
pany, and the audience was appreciative
to the last curtain. "I^ord Chumley" will
hold the boards to-night and at to-mor
row's matinee, and the rest of the- week
will be given to other plays of Mr. Neill's
repertoire. Saturday night closes his suc
cessful engagement.
_ N "When We Were Twenty-One" Mr.
f Goodwin has by far the strongest play
I (I he has ever presented in San Fran
:" Cisco. Its author, Mr. H. V. Esmond,
has been for many years a Lionflon a^ctor:
his professional training has borne fruit
ill the neatness, strength and climatic in
terest of th'is. his fourth or fifth play.
"When We Were Twr.ty-One" tells the
story of the friendship of four middle
aped ai,d kindly gentlemen for on© Rich
ard Audaine, foE<21y known by them ae
Tne Imp. He, dear boy, Is young and.
feeling h!s youthful dignity, takes most
ur.kir.dly the efforts of his four friends
to rescue him from the clutches of a
worthless ¦p-crnar. with whom he thinks
himself desperately In lox - e. He quarrels
IKlth them al! in general and with Klchard
Osxewe (Mr. Goodwin), who loves him
best, in particular. But for the good
fcesM of the aforesaid worthless woman,
who throws the boy over as saon as she
linis out that he Is pocr. the story would
have had a tragic instead of a happy
ending.
This play 5s not milk for babes, but
ftror.p meat for m»»n and women. The.
only thir.gr of questionable taste Is the
petting chosen for the. third act. Yet
Mrs. Gordon's telling exclamation, "This
i.« not life; it is death," gives ?o true and
clear an interpretation of the situation
that no thoughtful mind can miss it.
Mr. Goodwin is entitled to our thanks
for bringing forwa-d such a thoughtful
etudy r.f life, serious ar.d humorous by
turn. That he is not always con\incing
Jn the former aspect is merely to say that
r.ature has not endowed him'with capaci
ty to fxcel in the one as he undoubtedly
does in the other. Time, was whrn Mr.
Goodwin's name wes associated only with
the comic: his steady progress from the
days of Evangreiine to these of Esmond's
play signifies an ambition that may yet
place him in the front rank of his pro
icfslon.
Sir. Henry Woodruff played Richard
Audaine with sincerity and force and the
other male parts were admirably filled.
Among the ladie<= Miss Haskins carried a
small but dIClcult role with an ease and
certainty that made one wish she had a
more Important part in the play. Al
though Miss Maxine Elliott has learned *
great deal about acting Fince she began
•to play with Mr. Goodwin, her voice is
j-til! far from being capable of expressing
rice shades of feeling. But when looking
upon h*r face criticism is disarmed in the
presence of beauty that Is its own excuse
Ict being. L. DU PON'T SVLE.
Orpb.eum.
Ore of the best bits In "The Henrietta,"
the fainting lady with a pretended swoon
on, and her neglectful lover with a tardy
arm and an eye on a ticker. Is fitted neat
3y into Lillian Burkharfe playlet, "A Deal
on Chance."
The Orpheum programme keeps pecret
the name of the "hefting" author, who, if
hr- had only "hefted" some raote and as
¦well, would have built a comedietta
¦worthy of the dainty little actress. One
of these days, when Miss Burkhart has a
7>!ay written around her fetching person
ality, her mischievous laugh and her un
usual feminine appreciation of wit. It Is
gclng: to be heralded abroad th«t there
is a new twlnkler in the firmament of lim
ited American stars.
: Ther" are other good thinp* on the Or
pheum programme besides Mis? Burkhart.
«n<J among them are Gertie Carlisle and
Eager Midgler Jr. in a Juvenile rural com
edy, "After School." Gertie Carlisle was
¦ favorite here a few years ago, when
"little" was prefixed to her name. Gertie
has not grown much since then, but she
if a few years older, quite as clever and
every bit as popular.
Tivoli.
"Places aoz Messieurs" this week at the
Tivoli. Our local comic opera, "The
Three Guardsmen." arranged by George
Lif=k. with music by Max Hlrschfeld and
L. Varr.cy, certainly affords a.n admirable
orp^rtunity to the masculine contingent
fit ;he Tivoli. D'Artagnan Is delightfully
eung by Tom Greene, and the Three
G-jardfcmen— Jcsrph Fogarty, William
Schuster and Arthur Boyce. with the
aforesaid Bweet-voleed tenor — do fome
enjoyable cuartet work. The ever funny
Ferris Hartman, as Plancbet. ' and a
French fisher sirl between times, kept
ih<? audience in a continued roar. MisS
Annie My«rp has a erateful part in Con
etance Bonac'c-ux. and Mi*s Frances Gra
ham ar.d ttclcn Merrill filled acceptably
th<? flight roles allotted to them. The rest
of the larpe cust was acceptably filled by
the morry Tlvoleans. and "The Three
Guardfmra" bids fcir to fill the hou^e
•iurinj? the coming week. In spite of the
Important rival attractions In town.
"aTc^tT
The closine week of the Alcazar Stock
Company's season began l&Ft night, when
"A Superfluous Husband," by Clyde
Fitch, was nrefjpnted. The play Is a mild
patlre on the new woman. Mrs. Robert
2-awson before her marriage was an art
tst, and aXtcr her marriage^-he preferred
htr art and society to her home and hus
band. While she went to balls sad re
ceptions he stayed at home, wrote a book
en political economy and minded, the
fcnby. Besides these characters the>r<» Is
r.:i old lover of Mrs. Lawson, who plays
the villain: en o!d-faphloned father; an
up-to-date sister and h*r lov*r, an art
critic and others. The stay-at-home hus
band finally rebels and the wife Ib brought
i^-') a sense of her proper duty by the ex-
V'murp of the pretended frlendshJp of the
eld lover, and all ends happily. The d!a-
CHOSEN FRIENDS ARE
TWENTY-ONE YEARS OLD
Anniversary Entertainment Given in
Odd Fellows' Hall Under the
Auspices of Local Councils.
The entertainment given last night in
Odd Fellows' Hall in celebration of the
twenty-first anniversary of the Institution
of the order of Chosen Friends was at
tended by an audience that filled to its
capacity the beautifully decorated hall.
The affair^ was under the management of
the local councils. It was a success in
every respect. The programme follows:
Address on the origin of the order and the
reason for the celebration. III. Boehm, past
errand councilor; "Ixjve'a Old. Sweet Song."
Kmalada Quartet — Evelyn Wln&nt Dickey and
Ar.nn K. Penke, soprano?, ami Lilian Sprague
Copping ar>d Ada Allen Norton, contraltos; hu
morous FelectionR, W. J. Hynes; address on
thr %\ork and growth of the order In general
and epecifically In California. W. H. Savage,
grand councilor; vocal solo, "Just As of Yore,"
MIsf Lottie A. Crawford. Sketch, "The Pau
per^g Revenge": The. pauper, Al Granger; the
passer by, H. B. Hilton. /
Under the direction of Walter N. Brunt
as floor manager, assisted by James Jor
dan. F. I>. Brandon, «Jeorge M. Smith. F.
W. Zimmerman, H. B. Hilton. P. A. Mey
er, there was a programme of fifteen
dances. The following named composed
the general committee: Fred A. Taylor
T. B. Cunningham. Miss Alary Atkinson.
Mrs. M. Strickland. Miss L. Bray, Mrs.
S. A. Lowe, Mrs. J. H. Vowles, Mrs. Cath
erine Morrison. Samuel Goldstone, Mrs
W. F. Gibson, Mrs. D. Finnen, Mrs. M. F.
WaJlis, Mrs. Georgia Barton. August
Knickman, Mrs. Annie Mason, P. A. Mey
er and Mrs. Lena Zimmerman.
Former Missionary Will Tell Stories
of Travels in the Famine-
Stricken Land.
Rev. Father Sheehy. who was a mission
ary in the Kast Indies for many years,
will lecture at Teutonla Hall next Thurs
day evening at a benefit entertainment
given In his behalf. Professor McMahon
violinist, and Messrs. O'Connor and Kelli
her. artistic dancers, will be among the
performers.
Father Sheehy will lecture on his expe
riences in the East Indies, and will speak
particularly of the terrible famine In In
dia and of a journey he made from Dahlln
to Bombay. Father Sheehy was chaplain
at Chatham when the Fenian prisoners
were confined there, and will tell some
thing of his experiences at that time. The
reverend gentleman is here on a visit for
health. He likes It so well that he will
likely make San Francisco his permanent
home.
REV. FATHER SHEEHY
TO LECTURE ON INDIA
J. L. Roberts, carpenter, San Francisco,
filed a petition In Insolvency yesterday In
ine United States District Court. His lia
bilities are $1215 7'1 and he has no assets.
An Insolvent Carpenter.
BELIEVES THEATERS P/IAY
YET PROVE EDUCATORS
Rev. George C. Adams' Strong Ideas
on Dancing and Other World
ly Pleasures.
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, delivered
an interesting talk before the Methodist
ministers yesterday on "Ministerial Pru
dence." He Bald that ministers ought to
have a little of the wisdom of the ser
pent and the harmleesness of the dove.
He also said that a minister must be pru
dent in his church work and not under
take to attack matters he does not know
anything about.
"Some he said, "thunder
a; out the y evll of the theater and they
know nothing about it. We may yet see
the day when the theater will be an edu
cator — an upllfter. It is well to remember
that there are people on the stage who
are of pure thought and upright mo
tives."
He said if ministers did not approve of
dancing and theaters and other worldly
pleasures, they should call attention to
something else. He did not believe In
crying down secret societies, nor did he
tHl p»*ople It was sinful to belong to such
organizations. He said if he was asked
by young men whether they should join
societies, he would advise them to follow
their conscience. He believed in encour
ajhr.g people to be faithful to the dictates
or their conscience and Providence or
Ood would direct them to do what was
rie^t The speaker stated that many min
istrrs were sorry that the Methodist Gen
eral Conference had not -touched on the
KUbject of dancing. He claimed that
whenever children are prohibited from
dajicing thHr toes began to tingle and
they would ask why?
"There if a better way to prohibit danc
ing" he said. "Get the individual to fol
low' the dictates of his conscience and
fill his poul with the positive, life of the
Master."
Kev Robert Coyle of Oakland read a
paper before the Presbyterian ministers
on the "Ecumenical Conference."
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Roads
Will Fight the Growers in
Washington.
"W*. F. Herrin and J. C. Stubbs. repre
senting the Southern Pacific Railroad,
and C. N. Sterry and W. A. Bissell, rep
resenting the Santa Fe Railroad, wtil
leave this city for Washington the end
of this week to present respectively the
railroads' cas?s against- the orange grow
ers in the matter that will be heard be
fore the Railroad Commissioners In the
capital city.
The case Is the same that engaged tht»
attention of the orange grov/ers in the
south in their fight against the Santa Fa
and Southern Pacific when ttn-y tried to
force the railroad companies to ship
oranges according to the directions of the
shipper.
The railroads refused to accede to the
demands of the shippers and a contest re
sulted. This will be tried to a legal con
clusion in Washington early in June.
RAILROAD MEN WILL GO
EAST ON ORANGE CASE
Horse show — John Parrott, J. D. Grant, Ed
win F. Smith.
livestock — \V. J. Martin. Georare Aimer Xew
hall. Walter S. Hobart. Edwin F. Smith. .
Trotting exhibits— J. F\ Boyd. J. C. Klrkpat
rlck. Major J. L.. Rathbone.
Poultry exhibits— Maurice Casey, George A.
Pope, \V. J. Martin.
Arrangements — Henry J. Crocker, Walter S.
Hobart, Edwin F. Smith.
An Interesting Two Weeks' Show
to Be Held in a Few
Months.
The management of the San Francisco
ar.d San Mateo Agricultural Association
has announced that It will hold a high
claf=s exhibition of live stock at its
grounds in South San Francisco from Sep
tember 24 to October 6. A highly interest
ing programme has been arranged for th-i
two weeks. There will be a horse show
exhibit, live stock parades, coach and
trap parades, polo games, golf contests,
road races for gentlemen driving clubs of
this city, road races for the clubs of San
Mateo County, ladies' equestrian tourna
ments for grace and skill in the handling
of the horse, ladies' driving, showing the
expert handling of the horse in harness,
polo pony races and kennel shows. So
ciety will be well represented throughout
the exhibition.
The following committees have been
chosen to judge the various events:
Kxecutlve — Georpe. Aimer Xewhall. Maurice
Casey, J. B. Crockett, Major J. L.. Rathbone,
Herry J. Crocker.
SOCIETY WILL GRACE A
LIVESTOCK EXHIBITION
Republican State Executive Commit
• tee Will Meet To-Day and Elect •
Chairman and Secretary.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee will meet
to-day at the Palace Hotel and organize.
It is understood that George Stone will
be chosen chairman and Senator W. M..
Cutter secretary.
Lawyers who have closely studied sec
tion 1370 of the Political Code believe that
power is not vested in the executive com
mittee to give proper notice of the party's
intention to hold a State primary election
in August. The notice must be siven forty
days before the election; hence It is con
tended that a meeting of the State Cen
tral Committee must be convened before
July 2. The primary elections will be held
August 14. The law holds that the notice
of intention must be given by the govern
ing body of the party In the territory.
Delegates to the Republican National
Convention from this State wUl leave here
June 12 at 10 a. m. The special train will
run over the Central Pacific to Ogden;
over the Union Paciilc to Council Bluffs;
over the Chicago ami Northwestern to
Chicago, and over the Pennsylvania line
to Philadelphia. It is expected that tho
Nevada delegates will join the Califor
nia ns at Reno. California headquarters
will be established at the Colonnade Ho
tel, Philadelphia.
READY TO ORGANIZE
FOR THE CAMPAIGN
Preparations are being made by the lo
cal military authorities to receive General
Otis with all the dignity and pomp becom
ing his high rank and by tho public to
accord him all the honor due a man whose
military genius has done so much toward
putting down the insurrection in the Phil
ippines and who has done his duty at all
times in the face of the most scathing
criticism of his political opponents.
When General Otis lands he will be met
at tho wharf by the highest representa
tives of the army and navy now in th»
city and by the civil authorities. Tho
troops at the Presidio will be ordered out
and the usual display made. His personal
escort will .be a light battery and four
heavy batteries of artillery. It is expected
that the general will remain at the Palctce
Hotel durine his stay in the city, which
will necessarily be brief, as he is anx
iously expected at Washington.
Major General Elwell S. Otis, who up to
a few weeks ago was commander in chief
of the army in the Philippines, is expected
to arrive here to-day on the transport
Meade, en route for Washington/ He
sailed from Manila early in May, and the
steamer last touched at Nagasaki on the
13th inst. According to the calculations of
the officers of the transport service the
Meade ought to arrive here to-day or to
morrow. .-•
........ -,-— .-•. -
Will Be Received by the Military
and Civil Authorities With
Honors Becoming His
Rank and Valor.
Former Commander in Chief
in Philippines Going to
Washington.
MAJOR GENERAL
OTIS IS EXPECTED
ON MEADE TO-DAY
ed as floor manager and Edward McAuliff
will be his assistant. The other commit
tees are as follows: Floor— M. J. Hession
P. P. Curtis. Joseph Cervo. T. F. Kurke
and Felix Rice. Games— D P. Breen J.
P. McGinty, T. J. OBrien and H. H. liay.
Music— James A. Foley. J. J. Powers arid
P. Brazel. Reception— John E. Martin.
John T. Burns, Thomas McGuIre, James
English. J. Bronnan, M. FitzKfrald, Rev.
J. F. Byrne, P. J. Murphy. A. Coturri. W.
F. Glennon. James Burns, P. J. Carroll.
C. A. Keniff and J. C. Murphy.
"Hon." Georce \V. Frawe did not deliver any
speech or anything that resemblod a speech at
the Dirnlc at Laton or any other place. The
"Hon." Frawe has been hanging around Ilan
fortl for the past few days beein* how much
bad whisky tie could consume, and the whisky
has probably caused him to imagine that he Is
a treat oratcr and duinc treat things for the
Dfmocncf. N'o one ?e*rn» to know Frawe here.
Yesterday he -was in the Journal ofHce and bor
rowed some writing: pap^r, zaying that he
wanted to send a dispatch to the Examiner.
He had probably made another speech <?>.
iIr - J"rawes address was well r-cetved and
especially that portion In which h* referred t.>
Mayor Vhelan. Frawe is ai.'vocatinjc Phelan
on th*» srrouml that he can carry California for
the democracy in the impending national elec
tion.
The Hanford Journal commenting on
the foreg-olng dispatch says:
** £I\ , th " U5iar '<l rwnple met at th- picnic
grounds twelve miles north of this city to-dav
\ he "J ?. lon " « eor * e w - fn»«e or Los Annelei.
who d»lvfred a .-rwech Btron E ly advocating
llj>or James D. I-heUn of San Francisco for
Lnlted htates Senator.
«J, h Wo!; 0 . Win^ disratch tra9 Published in tb»
XoM^'Say a™ '" Pr '«>«» Han-
The Phelonic plague is not epidemic in
Kings County, although a rec-nt telegram
from that section of the gftate may lead
unsuspecting politicians to a contrary be
lief. The Hanford Daily Journal of M.iy
25 contains somccommrnt on a recent spe
cinl telegram from that place. Tho co - m
{"Thi ded "Kx-Tminer Hornbrookerl."
Bogus Telegrams Sent From Hanford
to a San Francisco Daily
Paper.
INTERIOR NOTICE OF
THE PHELONIC PLAGUE
Adams I? finployd at 723 Davis street by
Jeremiah O'Leary. The two men live at 1
Prindle court, and Adams was on his way
thero when lie was held up. Two or three
day* ago Adams sot his pension warrants
F3, ADAMS. s>. veteran of the Clvi!
War, 62 yars of age. was beaten
and robhed on the corner of Da
vis and Roadway early yester
day morning. The unfortunate old mnn
had bis .iaw broken b>-fi kick, and also re
ceived two severe lacerated wounds on
the face. H> was taken to tin? Harbor Rp
celving Hospital, where Dr. Walter
Thorne attended to his injuries. From
tho Harbor Hospital be was .*ent to the
Central Hospital, where ho told his story
to Detective Thomas Dillon
for the quarter and was to have cashed
them last Saturday, but failed to do so.
A number of ppople who hang around
O'Loary's saloon on Davis street knew
that the old man v.as to cash his pension
warrants: and the supposition is that
they held him up, thinking he had the
money on him. The papers were found in
his Inside pocket, however, and Adams
pays that all the robbers got was $4 and
his watch.
"Soon after I left the saloon to go
home." says Adams. "T heard some one
coming up behind me. The next minute
1 v/ap struck on the back of the head and
1 remember no more until I came to in
the Harbor Hospital. I have told the jio
¦ lice, who I think robbed and beat me and
i they are now bring shadowed."
: The police are satisfied that Adams'
I story is true.
Age. I Victim of a Cowardly Assault.
5M Ot ,^ Th n. concluding study Jn Recent
Scientific Discoveries, by Professor Hop
kins, will be published on Friday.
ray voo voo pro-men-ay ron —
How many hours per day do you wish
to go about the city?
Dame— Jusqu* & ce que Je sols fatigue's.
zjuusk ah cuh kuh fah-tee-gay
Until I shall be tired.
Cicerone— Alors j'arrangeral dea promen
ades pour six journees.
ah-lorzjar-rong-zjer-ay poor see
zjoor-nay.
Then I shall arrange walks for stx
i days.
Dame— Alors je prenda! une semalno en
tl^re pour voir l'exposltion.
ah-lor zjuh pran-dray oon smen on tee
- air poor vwar
Then I shall take a whole week to aee
CIc ffi^HHhr danie -
Dame — A quelle heure serez-vous^lcl de
main?
ah kell uhr ser-vay voo zse-cee dem
ang
At what time will you be her* to-mor-
Clcerone— A l'heure. madame, qul vous
conviendra le mleux.
ah-luhr mah-dahra kee voo convlan
drah mieuh.
At the hour, madam, which will suit
you best.
Dame— Eh bien. a neuf— heures Je serai
prete.
ah bec-yan ah nuv-uhr zjuh seray nret
Well, at 9 o'clock I will bo ready.
Cicerone— Eh bien. a neuf- heures nre
cises. "
Je vouj salue, madame, tres respec
tueusement.
ah nuv-uhr pray-sees — zjuh
voo sah-luh madame tray res-pect
toouh-zmen.
At 9 sharp, then; I am your servant:
good-by.
rone,
kong-vair-sah-see-ong ontr ung dabm
ay oon cee-say-rone.
Cicerone — Voulez-vous retenlr^un cice
rone (guide)?
voo-lay voo ruh-ten eer^ung see-say
rohnay (gueed).
Do you wish to engage a guide?
Dame— Etes-vous^un guide enreglstre?
ett-voo zung ong reh-zjlss-tray.
Are yoif a professional guide?
Cicerone— Oui, madame, et Je puis vous
donner des references de premier
ordre.
wee pwee-voo day ray-fer
aunce .
Yes, madam, I am registered and can
give you first-class references.
Dame— Demeurez-vous loin d'lci?
duh muh-ray voo lwang dee-cee.
Do you live far from here?
Cicerone — Non, madame, je demeure tout
pies d'ici.
duh-muhr too pray .
No, madam, I live quite near.
Dame— Combien demandez-vous pour vos
services?
dem-aun-day voo salrveece.
AVhat are your charges?
Cicerone— Dix francs par jour-^et mes
frais.
dec fraun par zjoor ay may fray.
'Xen francs (?2) per. day and my ex
penses. /
i Dame— C'est ralsennable. Etes-vous libre?
- ett voo leebr.
That is fair. Are you free?
Cicerone — A present pour quelques «—
heures settlement,
ah pray-zaun poor kel-quh zhoor suhl
mong.
At present only for a few hour?.
Dame — Si vous me donniez quelques ren
selptnemonts sur les points
sants, et nous commencerlons de
tnaln.
see don-nee-ay rong-sayn
| mong suhr lay pwang zan-ter-ess
aun kom-maun-cuh-roiig duh
j man;.
Suppose you give me some information
• as to the interesting points and we
shall commence to-morrow.
Cicerone— Que voulez-vous savoir?
voo-lay voo sah-vwahr.
What do you want to know?
Dame— Eh bien, quels sont les princlpaux
theatres?
kell song lay prang-see-poh tay
atr?
Well, what are the principal theaters?
Cicerone— Les principaux theatres sont:
The principal theaters are;
Le Nouvel -Opera, Boulevard des Ca
pucines:
luh noo-vell o-pay-rah bool-var day
kah-puu-ceen;
, The New Opera ;
Le Theatre Francais, au sud^ouest du
Palais Royal. Rue de Rivoli;
luh tay-atr frog-sae oh sud-west duh
pah-lay rwah-al;
The French Theater, southwest of the
Palais Royal:
L'Opera Comlque, Place Boieldieu (un
theatre d'operette);
lo-pay-rah ko-meek plass-boh-al-deuh
dop-ur-ett;
The Comic Opera, (where light
opera is played);
L'Odeon, Place de l'OdSon, pres du Pa
lais Royal,
lo-day-aun plas3 duh pray duuh
pah-lay .
The Odeon. Od£on Square, near the
Palais Royal.
Dame — En ge'ne'ral, quels sont les meil
leurs sieges?
kell lay may-yuhr see-ezj?
In general, what are the best seats?
Cicerone — En g6n£ral,onconsid$re les fau
teuils d'orchestre comme les mell
leurs; mais pour les dames les fau
' teuils de balcon sont pre'fe'rables.
ong: kon-see-dair fo-tayh door
kes-tr duh bal-kong pray-fair
able. /
The orchestra chairs are generally
considered the best, but for ladies the
balcony chairs are preferable.
Dame— Sont— 'ils chers. les theatres?
- son-teel share lay tay-atr?
, Are the theaters dear? .
Cicerone — Non, pas tres chers. Vous savez
qu'ils recoivent^une certaine sub
vention du gouvernement.
nong voo sav-ay keel ruhswahy
toon salr-ten soobvaunslong doo goo
vairn-mong.
No, not very. You know that they
' have an annual grant from the gov
ernment.
Dame— Quel^est le plus beau theatre?
i kell est luh ploo bow ?
Which is the finest theater?
Cicerone — Notre Nouvel^Op£ra. qui a €tf
commence en 1S61 (mil hult cent
soixante et un) et achev4 en 1874 (mfl
huit cent soixante quatorze).
notr-noo-el key ah ay-tay kom
maun-cay ang meel uweet sang swa
sung ay ung ah-sh-vay kat
orze.
Our New Opera House; commenced in
1S61 and finished 1S74.
Dame — Est-^il tres jfrand?
ay-teel tray graun.
Is It very large?
Cicerone— Oui. mals 11 ne contient que
deux mille cent cinquante six per
sonnef.
wee. may zrel nuh kon-tee-ang kuh
duh meel saun sank-aunt see pair
son.
Yes. but it holds only 2155 persons.
Dame — Et quels sont les— autres genres
d'amusements?
zohtr-zjon-gr dah-mooz-mong.
And what are the other amusements?
Cicerone— Tl y des eafgs. de beaux cirques
l'hippodrome des Champs Elys£es. les
bals publics, les courses, le canotage,
des parcs^ou on peut entendre de la
musique militalre, et ainsi de suite.
eel ee ah day kahf-ay seerk llp
poh-drome day shong-zay-lee-zay lay
bahl pub-leek koorse kan-not
tazj park ooh ong puh ang-tan
dr duh Ian muh-zeek mee lee-tair ay
ain-see duh sweet.
There are cafes, fine circuses, the hip
podrome of the Champs Elys^es. pub
lic balls, the races, boating, public
parks where orchestra bands play
and so forth.
Dame— Est-— il convenable pour les dames
de frequenter les caf£s de Paris?
ay-teel kon-ven-nable poor dahm
fray-kaun-tay
Is it proper for ladles to go to the
cafes In Paris?
Cicerone — Xon. madame. les caf6s-chan
tants et les spectacles-concerts sont
du trolsleme ordre, et ne sont lr*
quentes que par— une certaine classe
d'lndlvldus, quoiqu'lls solent visits
par des^Americains, par le fait
qu'ils sont une des curiositfts de la vie
parislenne.
¦ cah-fay shaun-taun spek
takl-kong-sair trew-see-alm-ordr
fray-kaun-tay kuh par dang-dee
vee-duu qwauh-keel-song day
zamer-ee-can-fay kooriozetay
duh la vee pah-ree-ze«- ing.
No. madam, the cafes-chantants and
the show concerts are quite the third
class and only patronized by a ques
tionable class of people, although
many Americans visit them, as they
are essentially Parisian and of a pe
culiar type.
Dame— Peut— on voir Paris -en- une se
malne?
puh-tong vwar pah-ree zon noon smen.
Can one see Paris In a week?
CIcerono— On peut beaucoup voir-en-une
semalne.
ong puh bo-coo rong ¦ .
One can see a great deal in a week.
Dame — SI vous— arranglez— un programme
pour demain et pour chaque Jour
apres. - .
sc voo-zar-ran-gee-ay ung dun
mane ay poor shak zjoor zapray.
Suppose you arrange a programme for
to-morrow and each day after.
Cicerone — Je le feral avec plalsir, madame.
zjuh luh fer-ray ah-vek play-zeer
I will do so with pleasure, madam.
Dame— Faites en sorte que nous pulsslons
vlslter les— endrolts les plus— Interes- ,
;'. ' sants.
Falt-zang-zjay sort kun pweeslon?:
vee-zetvtay lay anhdrwah zan
tair-ess-a'un.
Arrange a plan to visit the most lnter
estingr points." ¦ ,-x
Cicerone — Cnmbien d— # heure3 par lour d*
sirez-vous vous promener-en vllle?
kom-bee-yan duhr par zjoor day-zee-
Talk Between a Lady and a Guide.
Conversation entre une dame et un cice-
Note— These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Klrschbaum of Philadelphia. They ar»
Intended primarily for Americana who purpose
attending; the Paris Exposition. The lessons
will Include (1) common French words and
phrases, (2) easy . conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons. ___^
LESSON 15— QUINZEEME IiECON.
CANG-ZE-EM
Copyright, 10OO, by Seymour Eaton.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
VETERAN BEATEN AND
ROBBED BY FOOTPADS
"When We Were Twenty-One" Is
Not Milk for Babies but
Meat for Men.
Orpheum Has a Good List of Attractions— The
"Three Guardsmen" Makes a Hit
at the Tivoli.
NAT GOODWIN HAS
A STRONG PLAY
A copy of the resolution was sent to the
directors of the Columbus Bank, accom
panied by a letter of confidence. s
Whereas, The board of directors of the Ital
ian-American Dank consider? the Dresent run
nn the Columbus Savings and Loan Society an
unjustifiable one.
Resolved, the Italian-American Bank
hereby extends Its moral support, and the presi
dent and caehler be and are hereby empowered
to tenJer. If neceysary, their financial support
to said tank to the extent of S100.000.
ITALIAN-AMERICAN* BANK.
The directors of the Italian-American
Bank, P. C Rossi, president, met last
night and passed the following resolution:
Something like $50.00-3 was paid out yes
terday.
Mr. Fugnzl k-tvc decisive orders. He
opened the bank yesterday morning an
hour earlier than usual. Then he directed
that any depositor who a?ked for his
money should bo given his entire deposit
and that his account should ho closed He
personally addressed the depositors tell
ing them they were foolish to lose their
live months' interest and that then? was
enough coin for all of them. To r.Mnfore"
tne com on hav.n ho telephoned to the Ne
vada Bank, which Bent down JIOO.O'JO in
gold.
Depositors who had as high as $2000 in
the bank iecojve<l all their coin as fast
as It could be counted out. I. \V. Hell
man. v.i:o is h director ..of the Columbus
Bank, sent word that nil th.> moii"v lint
was wanted could be had at the Nevada
Bank. The run continued until the clos
ing hour, at 3 o'clock. Mr: Kupazi then
ordered ti:nt th<» doors should b- reopened
at 9 o clock this morning and that all de
positors who asked for thoir money should
nave their accounts clos^fl out.
The directors of the Columbus Bank
are: J. I- . Fujui. T. \v. Hellxnan Joseph
Cuneo, G. Bacbralupi. K. «\ Palrnteri
George Caslieri. l-\ Aral a and Antonio
Chlchizala. A report was xmxdc by them
to the Bank Commissioners on March 31
1900, from which it appeared that the as
sets amounted tn 5l.227.ws 43. The amount
due tn depositors was $1,124,633 72. Among
the assets were the following items:
United Suites bonds, miscellaneous bonds
and stocks, $:?3.",O24 60; loans on real estate,
S730.5S5 4<; due from banks and bankers.
$.".0,203 74: money on hand. $."532 S5. The
Bank Cotntnissjdhera consider the institu
tion perfectly Bound.
I. W. Hellman said last evening: "The.
Columbus Bank can get all the money It
needs for any purpose. It is all right 1 im
every respect."
Depositors besran a run upon the Colum
bus Savings Han*, at 614 Washington
street, yesterday morning. Throughout
the day many men and women asked for
their deposits. These were promptly paid
to them in full. J. R. Fugazl. president
of the bank, heard some days ago rumors
that an enemy was spreading reports that
the bank was unsound. Last week a fen
depositors asked fn r their money Yester
day a crow<l gathered.
President Fugazi Says Enemies Have
Created Useless Scare and That
"Every Claim "Will Bs
Promptly Paid.
Run Was Met With Cash for
All Comers to Limit of
Accounts.
DEPOSITORS OF
COLUMBUS BANK
PAID IS FULL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
Scene From "When We Were Twenty-One."
Kdith B. Stover has sued Charles N.
Stcver for a divorce, alleging dasertloa
as cause of action.
She Wants a Divorce.
DIED.
MeKEXZIE— In Alameda, May !8. 1900. of dlph
' therla, Cecil Cornelius McKenzic, son . or F.
G. and C. A. McKenzie, aged 4 years and 6
months.
residence. 1333 Sacramento street, early
yesterday morning. presniraably fror»
heart failure. Deceased was S7 years of
age.
Charles S. .Haley, manager of Hcald's
Business College, died suddenly at his
Death of Charles S. Haley.
The Memorial day committee last night
held its concluding meeting before the
celebration and made final arrangements
for the parade and literary programmes.
The Grand Army posts will be in the pa
rade until the corner of Golden Gate ave
nue and Jones street is reached on the
line of march., when they will board the
cars for the Presidio.
Memorial Day Celebration.
Steve M. Harding, the youns desperado
who was arrested on charges of burglary
and assault with a deadly weapon on
complaint of Alfred Jackson, a book
maker., living at 137 O'Farrell street, was
arraigned before Judge Fritz yesterday.
The cases were, by consent, continued till
Thursday. Jackson swore to the com
plaints yesterday and said he would re
main to prosecute.
Harding, the Desperado.
Dr. E. R. Taylor, the dean of Hastings
Law College, appeared before the Su
preme Court yesterday and presented the
names of a number of young graduates in
the law whose knowledge of legal lore
he vouched for. Upon his motion the
graduates were granted j permission to
practice before that tribunal. The new
lawyers are Marion Sargeant Blanchard.
Fred Kllsworth Borton. William Berry
Craig, Alvin Buell Crowell, Francis Her
bert Dam, William Tecumseh Sherman
Doyle, Robert Lee Husfed. Charles Mc-
Ferson Mannon, David Franklyn Mc-
Wade. Samuel Russell Rodgers and Ran-
Bom Carey Van Fleet.
Eleven New Lawyers.
Captain F. A. Nippert of Company F
has issued an order to his command to
appear to-morrow for parade and to take
part in the memorial exercrses at the Na
tional Cemetery over the remains of those
volunteers of the First California Regi
ment who died in- the Philippines, particu
larly Privates Cook. Hopkins. Cardanel
and Stube. who were members of Com
pany F. which had the largest death roll
of the regiment.
The Dead of Company F.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early' moraine tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day jr. the order of occurrence as to time. Tne
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl.Te
and the last or right hand column clv»» the
last tide of the day, except wh*n there nre but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
elvcn are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, excrpt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given !« 'subtracted from
thtr depth given by the chart3. The plane of
reference is the meaa of the lower low waters.
j Nczv York Grain and Produce.
TUESDAY, MAT 29.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
WaTrs F^PoIn?'
Kt?o O f tt/sup^rfntSn^ ° tflC " 1 T
NOTE— The hish ana low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
ff-'hVl-h^f'JwJ 11 ? !£ ter than at Fort Potn^
the.nelsht ot tide la the same at both places.
LONDON, May B.— Consols, 10H4; silver,
27%d; French rentes, 101* 2%c: cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier: cargoes - No. 1 standard
California. 29f>: cargoes Walla Walla, 27s CrU
English country markets, weak; Import intc>
United Kingdom, wheat. 340,000; Import Into
United Klncdom. flour. 302.000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 3.100,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1.740,000
LIVERPOOL. May 2S.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s ld@6s 2d: wheat In
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 28.— WKEAT-Qulet and un
changed. Blue stem, 64c: club, 51c, both for
export.
WASHINGTON'
Cleared — British ship Allerton, Queenstown
with ll«,607 bushels wheat.
PORTLAND. May 2S.-In the local wheat
market most of the dealers were disinclined to
quote above 51c for Walla Walla, and some
have even got their limits flown to 50c. At
the name time there are reports of a material
advance over these figures being paid In the
interior, although from an export standpoint
It Is not worth to exceed 51e. Valley Is easy
at about the same price an Walla 'Walla.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 28.— Exchanges, $372.
373; balances, JC2.705.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
SHEEP — Receipts. ll.OOOi Sheep, strong;
lambs, 10c to 25c higher. Good to choice weth
ers, $4 90@5 25; fair to choice mixed, $4 35^4 73;
Western sheep, J4 75@5 25; yearlings, $4 25@5 50;
native lambs, $4 £0<57 25; Western lambs, $6®
7 25.
xHOGS — Receipts to-day, 40,000; to-morrow, es
timated, 20,000; left over, 4000. Market 5c to
10c lower. Top, $5 25; mixed and butchers', $5
@5 10; light. $4 95®5 22%; bulk of sales, $5 15®
6 20.
CHICAGO. May 28.— CATTLE— Receipts. 22.
000. /Steers, Generally about steady; choice
light, firm; butcher stock opened weak, closed
firm. Natives— Best on sale to-day four car
loads shorthorns, $5 53; good to prime steers.
J5©5 70; poor to medium, tt 40S 1 4 85: selected
feeders. $4 4<X5 1 5 10; mixed stockers, {3 7S@4 25;
cows, $.1 1094 CO; heifers, S3 2*><7f5 13; canners
$2 40®3 10; bulls, J2 75@4 40; calves, easier. <5@
C 50. Texans— Receipts, SCO; best on sale to-day
one carload. $3: Texas fed steers, $433 20; Texas
bulls. $3 25-^3 75.
NEW TORK. May 28.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, May 26, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 44.755,000 bushels, decrease 1,508,000
bushels; corn, 12.687.000 bushels, decrease 2.450 -
000; oats. 6.7S6.00O bushels. Increase 400.000; rye,
1,607,000 bushels, decrease 61,000; barley, 944,000
bushels. Increase 111.000.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Visible Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 S\i 5 7V,
Closing 5 SH 5 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— ' May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 00 2160
Closing 19 95 21 60
Flour —
Opening 26 75 . 28 25
Closing 28 70 23 25
On the Produce Exchanse to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 15©'19«fec; dairy,
13h@17c. Cheese, steady, S^^^c. Eggs, 114c
. Morning Session.
VM Caribou ; 4a
100 Home Oil -4
100 Yukon ....'. p,)
100 Yukon ; 95
lM American Fuel 35
10 Kern River '.,.. u <$
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
CO National O & D Co « 23
20 Petroleum Center 33
Morning Session.
. Board—
CO Contra Costa Water ..'. 71 7;
SO Contra Costa Water, b 3 71 75
D Giant Powder Con SI 50
.1 Giant Powder Con 54
25 Giant Powdnr Con $4 jjb
$5CC0 Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 '»
10 Market Street Ry C2 50
20 Market Street Ry s<> 2 -
Street—
$10,000 Northern Cal Ry 5s.... 113 00
Afternoon Session.
i Board—
00 Contra Costa Water 71 jo
10 Contra Costa Water 71 75
5 Giant Powder Con S3 87'4
30 Giant Powder Con 83 71
60 Giant Powder Con .- gj t j
1C0 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar rj 50
50 Kilauea S,P Co »o T.O
20.0 Honokaa S Co 34 pn
13 S F Oas & Electric Co. 4 J 6 ",
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4,5 =a
$1000 S F & S J V bonds jo 0 M
J6C00 Spring .Valley 4s (2d mortg) 103 CO
. . Street—
$H000 S P Branch Ry Cs ....130'-.'
$400 U S 3s .......^^^^ 10J 23
i\K ': PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 28—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds- Eqult O L Co. IV, 3
4s quar coup..lla?ill6U Mutual El Co. 9W 11
4 S do reg 115»«116<i O G L & H... 45 —
4a do tp new.. 134 >/4 135 Pac Gas Imp.. 45 43H
3s do coupon. .lOS^luyVi Pac L Co 43 44
Miscellaneous— S F G & B... 46i' t 46%
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll3V2 — San Francisco. 44 < 4
C C Water 6s.l09 — Stkn G.& E Co io' —
Kd L & P 6*..12SV4 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry Cs»..116 — Firem's Fund.22S —
Gcary-^t K 53. — 93 liank Stocks—
H C &T ri 5V4s.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Do 5s 103 — Bank of Cal.. .410 _
L A Ry 6s lOi 104Vi Cal S D & T.104V4 —
L A L Co 6s... — — First National. — 290
Do entd 6s.. — — Lon P & A 132W —
Do Kntd 5s.. 100 — Merchants" Ex 15 —
L A & P R 6s. 102'i — Nev Nat Bank — —
Market-st 6s.. .127 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M Es.llSUlW Gsr S & L...1S30 _
N C N G K 7s. — 114 Hum S & L... — _
N R of Cal 63.113UH-'?* Mut Sav Bnk 43U
Do 5s 117 — S F Sav U 503 _
N P C R R 63.101^112',; sav & L So.... 74 7s
Do 5s 103 103 Sec Sav Bk... - 1!
N Cal R H 6s. 113 — L'nion T Co... — _
Oak G L&H5S.111 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..U7V4 — California 12114123
uaK W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 "
Oceanic S Co.. 107 107H JIarket-st Ry. 62 6"»t4
Om C Ry 6S...128 - O S L & H.... _ 50'*
P & Cl Ry «s-W5 — Presidio 16 —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powen-8tU.6s.120 — California ... i«o 170
Sac L & G R5s — — Giant Con Co. 83T4 —
S F & SJV 5s.ll9%120% Visorit 274 3«
.- Uv of Cal ts.lllVi — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A Cs..lU — jHanaSPCo.. 7% 7%
Do (1305) luaKHOtf Haw C & S Co S9^ 01
Do (1306) Il«ill3 Honokaa S Co 34 34 U
Do (W12) — 122H Hutch" S P Co 23% *1<Z
Do 1st ck os. — — Kilauea S Co. 20% 20*t
S P Br 6a — 129U131 Makaweli S C 47»| 47%
S V Water 6s...H-> — Onomea S Co 27 J i 2SU
Do 4s 102Til03»fr Paauhau S Co 31V 30"
Do 2d mte..lO2 — Miscellaneous —
Stocktn Gas 6s 53 — Al Pack Assn. — 11714
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — —
Contra Costa.. 7m 71% Mer Ex Assn.. — tOi)
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co. 5"?4 S3u
Spring Valley. 95 05% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric — Pac C Cor Co.14j
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10
Cent L & P.... 3'4 — I
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local securities were dull on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with a decline
In Giant Powder to CS4.
There were no changes worthy of note In
the afternoon.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 50 cents on the 1st.
The Honokaa Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 35 cents per share, payable on
June 1.
The Pennsylvania OH Company paid a divi
dend cf 2Vfe per cent on the 19th and the Gray
Eagle Oil Company one of 55 cents yesterday.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 62ig65Hc; No. 2
corn. ."!6i4SS7c; No. 2 yellow, 3G*i@37Hc; No. 2
oats. HV4©22V4Ci No. 2 white, 21(?25c; No. 3
white. 23"i»s:4c; No. 2 rye. 65Uc; good feeding:
barley. 36\^Z7c: fair to choice maltlnc. 40®
41',ic; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern,
II bO; Drime timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork,
per barrel. $10 15011 25; lard, per 100 pounds,
$6 7C£6 S2Vj; short ribs sides (loose). $6 35(@6 65;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6V4 ( i?6 ! Jic: short
clear sides <boxed>. $6 90<37: whisky, basis of
high wines, II 23; clover, contract grade, $7 60.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 10,000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 22.000 151.000
Corn, bushels 225.000 132, COO
Oats, bushels 417.000 319,000
Rye. bushels 4,000
Barley, bushels 4.000 2.000
NEW TORK. May 2S.— FLOUR-Reeelpts,
22,170 barrels; exports. 12,170 barrels; dull, but
quite Bteady. Khowlng no pressure to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 100,800 bushels; exports,
S8.SS0 bushels. Spot steady ; No. I red. 82Hc
f. o. b. afloat upot, entirely nominal; No. 2
red. TiVtC elevator; No. 1 Northern Rulutb,
74Hc f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth.
76V»c f. o. b. ' afloat prompt. Options or«n»d
easy and weakened further because of bearish
cable*, favorable southwest crop news and
Keneral speculative indifference. Prices ral
lied ara.ln in the last hour on reduced French
crop estimates and Northwest drought new*,
olosinr at M'Q'VtC net decline. May, "Hi®
71 15-16C. closed 71=S4c; July. 71 13-16JJ72 5-10c,
closed 72V,c; September, 72 l i^73>4c, closed 73c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE: — Futures closed firm at 5810 points
advance. Total sales, 11,000 tags, inclu<">>«r
Eh&re* Closing
Sold. Stocks— Did.
ICS Atch'.sou 2:,^
7.125 Atchlson prefd 7O'.i
k.v"" Unit in. ore &¦ Ohio Ta^i
2i\> Canadian Pacific 921,
ISO Canada .Southern al'.fc
2,X7i» Chesapeake & Ohio 27
430 Chicago Great Western 32V1
21.110 Chicago liurlipifton & Outticy.. w.,.127-,,
Chicago Ind and Louisvi'H 21
Chicago Ind &. I»uisville prefa Ei\i
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ]uc
Chicago & Northwestern 162»£
1.42u Chicago Rock Is'.ar.d & Pacific IDS
37U C C C & f-t Louis ESli
C20 Colorado Southern 6
121 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2A prefd IC',4
Delaware A: Hut'.-V. n H3'
300 L*iawar«? Lackawnr.r.a i. Western.. 177
Dinvfr /fc Klo Grande 1S»4
I>cvct & Ilio Grande prefd €7
Erie 11? 4
Erie lrt prefd Zi\i
Great Northern prefd 1534
Hockir.g Ccal 14
Hocking Vtilty 3714
Illinois Central 1121.,
Iowa Ontral I7a^
Iowa Central prefd 48
;¦*:.:. .-;'.f City I'lttFburg & Gulf 10
Lake Erie ii Wertern 3714
Lak» Krle & Western prefd $1
Lake Fhorc 211^
F73 Ixiuirvllle & NartrvlMe TSV«
1.1C0 Manhattan L t$\
725 Metropolitan Street Jlallway ltfi
CM) Mexican Central 12%
2tf) Minn & St Lou'.s elVj
Minn & St Lx>uia prefd 951*
14.120 MlK&ouri Pacific " k
120 Mobile A Ohio jj
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10U
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 23 "
1W New Jersey Or.tral 117
i.2«u New York Central 121
1.760 Norfolk & Western ; 557^
Norfolk & Western prefd 751'*
C.COO Northern Tarlfic | aO-C
1.(1 ft Northern Pacific prefd 73T
300 Ontario & Western «!
.¦ Oregcu Hallway & Nav 3;
Oregon IlallWajr & Nav prefd 76
1/10 Pennsylvania 129» 4
3t)0 Hearting ir,»,
l,S40 Ilrading l«t prefd j«
UO Reading Id prefd 2s
Rio Grands Western .• £g
liio Cirande Wes-texn prefd 571^
2O0 ft Lnuis & Ban Fran io'
i=t Liuls & Kan Fran lut prefd 68
100 £t Loula & San Fran 2J prefd jS'.i
1U0 St Louis Southwestrrn 10"^
2.C43 St Louis Southwestern prefd :cu
4,€iO St Paul lijfi
St Paul pr«fd 172
St Paul & Omaha Ill
1.C23 Southern Pacific S3'£
2f« Southern Railway IlVi
2,600 Southern Railway preM CS
<!'<¦> Texas & Pacific IS';
B.225 Union Pacific 534^
1.S30 Union Pacific prefd.................... 73> a
100 Wabasa 8
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW TOP.K. May 2S.— The opening of a new
showed no material change in speculative
conditions and the stock markets of New York.
London. I'aris and Berlin continued dull and
neglected. In New York another brokerage
f.rcn announced its ruEperslon. the failure be
lr.g anaourt*i, as was that of Price. McCor
ir.ick & Co.. on the Cotton and Stock ex
changes almost eiraultaneousiy. The ckslng out
of the firm's contracts on the Stock Exchange
under the rules resulted in transactions in
¦ bout ten thousand shares. That prices were
Inclined to advance under the Influence of the
tenement was satisfactorily explained by the
fact that the buying of stocks for the -firm
outnumbered the selling fully three to one.
That is to say. the bouse was largely short of
the market. The failure is attributed to cot
ton speculation, as the recent movement of
stocks has b*en in favor of outstanding con
tracts cf the firm. Last week's rumors of
financial <iie5culti<r«, which related to this
house, brought pressure to bear qjiJ precip
itated the assignment. The fac: that the same
kind of rumors are circulated regarding tome
cth»-r' houses is a factor in keeping Wall street
frmiment unsettled. The only notable move
menta during the day were the advances in
triig&r. euppospd to be on better covering, and
la Uurllr.gtor. on resumption of business of the
6arr.e character as that which has given the
Flock Its recent strength. These advances
prompted some sharp rallies at other points
fcnd «jir.e of the earlier losses were recovered.
The market was semi-staEnant at times and
the closing was dull and irregular. London
eold small amounts of stock, although that
market as a whole showed strength on the
advance of the British into the Transvaal. It
is worth re-rnfmb-rlng that the speculative
world has bas^l its largest hopes regarding
the en«J of the Transvaal war on the effect to
be profisoed In the money market by the re
eumrticn r.f the gold supply from the South
African mines, but at the present time there
Is a r»flux of cash Into the reserves of all
the irreat banks cf the world an-i !ncr*aslr.g
difficulty 1* being experienced in finding profit
able employment for idle capital. Dullness
to-day wa? accentuated by the fact that the
veek'wlll be int»jruj>t«'d by a holiday in New
York and bjr th^yfar's great racing event in
London. Sterling exchange was weak to-day.
The bond rr-arket waa very dull and showed
weakness in sympathy mith stocks. Total
tales, par value, 1 1.160.000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
Quotations.
Nav York Stock Market.
UMPQUA— Arrived May 25— Schr Sadie, hence
May 17.
PORT TOWNSEXD-Salled May 2&-Br ship
Bandaneira. from Vancouver for United King
dom: cchr Novelty, for Callao.
Arrived May £3— Ital bark Lothalr. frora
Callao.
CASPAR— Arrived May :S-Stmr Cleone. hue
May 27.
TACOMA— Sailed May 2G-Shlp Berlin, for San
Francisco. ¦ .
VENTURA— Arrived May 23— Stmr N'ewlrars.
from Grays Harbor.
BOWENS LAXDINO—Salled May 23— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 2»-Stmr Na
tional Cltr. hence May 27.
COOS BAT— Arrived May 27— Schr Viking.
e pORT M'DLOW-Falled May »-Schr Chal
lenger, for San Francisco. v-v-;-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 2»— Stmr Pasadena.
°MENDOCINO— Sailed May 2S— Schr Bender
Brothers, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Sailed May 2S-Stmr Del Norte.
for San Franci.'co; stmr State of California,
for Pan Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived May 2S-Stmr ,
Alcazar from ¦«
SEATTLE— Sailed May 27— Stmr UtoDia. for
* Arrived May 2S— Stmr Al-Kl. from Dyea; stmr
Chas D Lane, hence May 2*.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 2S— Br ship Scot
tish Isle*, for -—J- Fr bark Louis Past-ur. for
¦ Fr baric Marguerite Molinos. for Tyne
. GUAYAQUIL-Arrived May 27-Per ba-k
jaran for Port Gamble.
M A ZATLAN— Sailed May 23— Ger stmr Luxor
for San Francisco.
QIXENSTOWS- Sailed May 20— Br bIUd
Waterloo, for Fleetwood. "
ANTWERP-Sailed May 23-Br ship Albya
for San Francisco.
ENSEN'ADA-Sailed May 27-Stmr Curacao
for San Francisco. *
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 2S-Stmr China for
San Francisco.
NAN'AIMO— Arrived May 27— Br Mmx Rober*
Adaxson. hence May 23. May IS— Tus Meteor
hence May IS. and sailed May 2H for UnalaskV
HAMBURG-Falled M 3 y *I-Br ship AcamS"
for San Francisco. *
SHANGHAI-In port Hay 4— Er bark Nltha
<JaIe. for Oregon.
HONGKONG-In Dort Aoril »-Ger shi D
Rickmer Rickmers, for Oregon P
IIIOGO-In Dnrt May lD-Ger ship Robert
Rlckmer*. for Oreson. . . '
HONGKONG— Arrived May 2S— U S »tmr
Hanccw*. hence April 17. for Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
&8£ & aJ NeV% AUCr ' fr ° m « en ° a ¦«*
CHERBOUKG-Salled May r?-Stmr Koenl
* vt-w ™->'2 >m DrcmeT »- 'or New York/
fr^v^'r^ 1^ May Stmr *»«tej
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Per scar Glendale. from Tacoma. M.tt 23— r>n
May 20. oft Columbia River during a strong 3U
gale carried away mainmast top head.
MEMORANDUM
The Chit BhiD Hlndostan sailed from Port
Blakeley on Dec S. 1S09. for Valparaiso and rut
Into San Francisco on Jan 9. 1500. leaking. Re
paired and sailed again on Feb S for Valparaiso.
LONDON. May 26— Ger ship Wandsbeg sailed
from Falmouth for Liverpool to-day and went
asjiore near the Lizard and has become a total
wreck. Carso flooded. No lives lost.
The London Shipping Gazette of May It
nuotes from the Dally Express of Melbourne of
May 6 the following: Four of the crew of the
Hlr.dostan (of Auckland?) reports that vessel
took fire on the voyage from San Franctseo for
Valparaiso with a cargo cf lumber. Crew whs
forced to abandon vessel ami took to boats.
After 11 days arrived at Marquesas, ther.ca
taken to Tafcatl.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILED.
Monday, May 23.
Btmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. EureUa.
Stmr WestDcrt, Ericsson. .
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. .
Stmr Colon. Macklnnon. Panama, etc.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gllboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendcciru^
U S stmr Hugh McCulIoch. Healy, Seattle
Schr Anita. Lunn. Seattle.
Schr Berwick. Peterson. Siuslaw River.
Schr Neptune. Johnson. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 2S. 10 p m— TVeathei
hazy; wind XW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN'.
Aprit 24. lat 12 N. Ion 32 W— G«r ship Roden
bek. from Hambursr. for Pueet Sound.
May 3. lat 6 N. ion 24 W— Ger ship Maipo,
from Tyne. for Santa Rosalia.
April 23, lat 7 S. Inn 31 W— Ger bark Atlanta.
from Tyne. for Panta Rosalia.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 23.
Stmr Macklnnon. Panama; P M S S Co.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka; Gootlall.
Perkins £ Co.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins A Or.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria: Oreeon flail
road an«l Navigation Co.
Br ship Indore. Parry. Gloucester; estate of
H Dutard.
Schr Prosper, Helander, Nome; J F Helandor.
APwPJVED.
Monday, May 23.
Stmr 'Whitesboro. Olaen. 13 hours from, Green
wood.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 5?i days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 62 hours from Port
Lcs Angeles.
Etmr Geo Loorr.is. Bridgett. 43 hours from
Ventura.
Hr ship Amazon, Cristle, 16 days from Kobe.
Br bark Musselcrag. Johnston, 313 days from
Antwerp, via Sydney 92 days.
Schr J Ecplnger. Skipper, IS hours from
Uhelirs Landing.
Schr GlenUale. Falk. 13 days from Taccma.
The provisions market opened lower on lib
eral hog receipts and lower prices at the yards
and 6d reduction on product at Liverpool. Pack
ers were fair buyers and during the session
nearly all the opening loss was recovered. July
pork closed 2Hc under Saturday and lard and
ribs left off unchanzed. '
The leading futures ranted as follows:
*•• ' .^ — ' TV
CHICAGO. May 2S.— When the session began
the wheat market was affected by the fact that
the Northwest section was still without rain
and by the steadiness of cables. Reports from
the Southwest were favorable to the crop, but
this did not prevent July, which had opened
l /4C lower, at 0074c, from advancing to 67<&6"^c.
Later the weather prosrnosticator said there
was probability of showers In the dry section
to-nisht and the selling this caused sent July
back to 66Hc. The market steadied at this
point on covering: by shorts and the report that
the visible had decreased 2,300,000 bushels and
the domestic visible 4,508,000 bushels; recovered
to 6G!t&'67c. The close was steady, He under
Saturday, at 66vic.
The corn market was quiet and easy the
greater part of the session. Cables were weak.
Western farmers' olTerines larger and the
weather favorable. During the afternoon, how
ever, the market steadied on the visible de
crease of 2,410.00:) bushels. July closed V»c over
Saturday, at 37c.
Oats were easy and dull In a speculative way.
The market was influenced by corn most of the
fession. July closed a shade down, at 2114®
21ViC.
Chicago Grain Market.
TO SAIL.
Ocean rates for apples of course vary
but they usually run from 40 to 50 cents
per barrel. The charges In Liverpool for
dockage, insurance, advertising, samples,
town dues and for labor of handling
amount to about 7d English money and
the auctioneer's commission for selling is
5 per cent. The cost of getting the apples
to the steamer on this side varies like
wise according to the distance they have
to be shipped. Picking apples in the East
costs from 12 to 20 cents per barrel ac
cording to the skill of the pickers and the
amount of apples to handle. Special
pickers have In recent years entered the
field to contract for whole orchards and
they do the work so much better that th<»
loss to the farmer is greatly reduepri —
Scientific American. y reauced —
One barrel from every lot of twenty Is
opened on the portable platform and tho
contents dumped Into baskets, and an
other barrel is simply opened on the face
end. From an examination of these two
samples the buyer judges the lot of twen
ty, and makes his purchase accordingly.
Only tight barrels are delivered to him;
"slack" barrels, where the apples rattle,
are rejected. These latter sell separately,
and usually from 50 to 75 cents" a barrel
less. When a purchaser's bid is accepted
he can take his twenty barrels or as many
more of the same brand as he desires
at the same price. The apples are deliv
ered to the purchaser direct from the
steamer's dock, which saves the cost of
double cartage.
Liverpool is by far the greatest distrib
uting point for American apples, and as
high as 100,000 barrels of our apples have
been sold there in one week, and at re
munerative prices. London. Glasgow and
Hull also receive immense cargoes of
American apples, and absorb on an aver
age from 20.tX)0 to 30.000 barrels a week
during the season. The apples are sold
in Liverpool by the auction system. A
large room is provided for the buyers and
the auctioneer. In Ihe center of this room
there is a portable platform or a freight
elevator, where samples of the lots to be
disposed of are exhibited. An auctioneer
who has a line to dispose of has forty
minutes at his disposal, and if his goods
are not all sold in that time he must tem
porarily stand aside to make room for an
other salesman. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday are the auction days, and a single
auctioneer may dispose of 10.000 to 15,000
barrels in a day. The apples are cata
logued, and those brands which have a
reputation for honesty and good packing
frequently sell without sampling.
The West has become such an impor
tant factor in the apple problem that it U
estimated that these comparatively new
orchards could supply all the apparent
needs of the market if half the trees in
the country faiied to produce anything.
At first tho sudden flood of this fruit 'rom
Kansas. Missouri, Xebraska. Michigan
and other Western States completely de
moralized the Eastern markets, reaching
a climax in 1V^6. when apples in New
England were offered on the trees at 15
cents a barrel, and hand-picked Baldwins
delivered on the cars at 40 cents a barrel.
The orchards in the West were planted
in thirty, fifty and one hundred acres,
and in" order to prevent growers from go
ing into bankruptcy a great flood of the
apples was rushed to Europe. The ex
ports of our apples have consequently
grown to phenomenal proportions, nnd
without this demand the crop would prove
a financial failure every season.
The present harvesting season of the
apple is now in progress, and the official
reports Indicate an "off-season." which
ten years ago would mean an apple scar
city this winter that would make the fruit
an expensive article of diet. But prices
will advance only a trifle over those of
last season. The factories will consume
fewer marketable apples and depend more
upon the apple waste, such as cores and
peelinjjs, for their supply. These Jelly
factories in good season buy apples on
the trees, but in years like the present
they can make their apple syrup jelly
from the waste of the canning factories.
There are some 130 factories In the coun
try engaged in canning this fruit and
making cheap jellies and syrups. In the
aggregate they have an annual capacity
of over 200.000.000 jars of jelly alone. The
jellies made from the apple waste are al
most as good and wholesome as those
manufactured from the whole apples. The
cores and peelings, and small, inferior ap
ples are ground up and the juice extracted
therefrom. This juice or syrup becomes
the foundation ol the cheap jellies and
not chemical compounds, as some sup
pose.
Since the West and Northwest entered
extensively Into apple growing, the so
called "oi£ years" m this crop no longer
affect the marKets as they did fifteen and
twenty years ago. One season of great
scarcity then, with extremely high prices,
would often by followed by a year ot
superabundance, when the market 'would
be glutted with apples, which were diffi
cult tp dispose or at any price. The
thoub'unds of acres of apple orchards in
the great West prevent an old-fashioned
famine in apples, and the improved meth
ods ot exporting the fruit, and the numer
ous factories which make cheap jellies
and . preserves, tend, to distribute the
abundant crops so well that unprofit
able prices do not rule in the markets in
good seasons.
There Can Be No. Famine.
Since the West Began Growing Them
AMEKICAN APPLES.
Conditions ere favorable for fair and sorar-
Tii.at warmer weather in California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 2?, 1&C0:
Northern Calif crnla— Fair; warmer Tuesday;
lirht northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
wt-st wind.
NWada— Fair TuesJay.
Utah— Partly clcudy; cooler Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair; wanner
Tuesdav; fre^h nortfckvest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
The tfmrerature has fallen in Southern
Idaho and retrained nearly stationary In other
Generally fair weather prevails over the Pa
cific Slope. Light scattering showers have
fallen over Washington. Eastern Oregon,
Idaho £j-.d Western Montana.
The Drc£sui» has rlfctn t«ver the plateau re
pion anil tallen over tt:e u;>i>er Missouri Val-
<V?yih Meridian— Pacific T;rr.e).
6AN FRANCISCO. May 2&. 5 p. m.
Trie following are the efasonal rainfalls to
date as compare*! with thos>e of the same date
last season and raliifa'i In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Beacon. Eeas=cn.
Kureka 0.00 60.02 33. <2
lied Bluff 0.00 22. 87 20.62
Sacramento 0.'>J 20. 2S 14.11
pp.n i-Vancisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.1)
Fr«fno O.O^i W.U 7. IS
Independence 0.00 3.C6 1.21
f-'an Luis Obtspo O.uQ 17.30 1C.41
Los Angles O.Oj 7.b3 &.01
Han Diego 0.0} 6.S9 4.i^
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: Mfxlmum temperattire,
C7; minimum. 4S; mean, 5S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
The W. H. 6mlth loads lumber at Port Blake-
Jey for Honolulu.
The Marie Mo'.inos was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe. S2s 63.
The Plnmore loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 37s Cd — prior to arrival.
The AJflen Bes?p end Mohican loads merchan
dise for HcnoJuJu: Amy Turner and Irmgard.
Charters.
LONDON, May 28.— Atchlson. 16% ; Canadian
Pacific. 3514; Union Pacific preferred. 75H:
Northern Pacific preferred. "G',4: Grand Trunk.
7Hi Anaconda. 8%. Bar silver, steady, 27%d.
Money, ljj per cent.
CLOSING,
lt\, Ihe lowest for a long time, but rallied to
El 1 * on London buying. Americans \«rere tin
chanced and featureless. The bank got £2,
400,ow> for Australia.
The markets here were stagnant to-day and
business was hardly tt-eted. The rumor that the
cavalry had reached Johannesburg caused con
siderable buying of Africans. Tintos dipped to
NEW TOUK, May 2S.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
¦WASHINGTON, May 28.— To-daj-'s statement
of the treasury balances, exclusive of the J150,
0O0.OC0 cold reserve In the division of rf'demp
tlon. thnws: Available cash balance, $146,354,
t:&; gold. J69,019.7fc6.
Condition of the Treasury.
KEW YORK. Hay 28.— Money en call. 1>4@
1*» P»r cent. Prime mercantile paper. 3V4<5?4
per cent. Sterling exchange weak, with actual
business In bankers' bills at *4 ?7%®4 67% for
demand and at S4 64%t< H\ for sixty days;
posted rates, {4 8514 and $4 SS'A; commercial
bills. S4 S3\<&4 84. Bar sliver. COVic; silver cer
tificates. 60«i61c. Mexican dollars. 49V4C. Gov
ernment bonds, rtcuily; State bonds. Inactive;
railroad bends, weak.
New York Money Market.
I Wabash prefd 10%
1.325 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9
635 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 25 V A
1C0 Wisconsin Central 15* 4
Express companies —
Adams 115
American 150
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 116
Miscellaneous—
110 American Cotton Oil 33H
American Cotton Oil prefd r n
American Malting 1%
4'KJ American Malting preM 2*
200 American Sirifiting & Refln 37
American Sm^itlr.g & Refin prefd.. SS
American Spirits 2V4
American Spirits prefd 17
€45 American Steel Hoop 20**
£<i0 American Steel Hoop j.refd 70V,
C,M>0 Anitrican Pfel & Wire 83 7 i
190 American St<?el & Wire prefd 73V
1.D70 American Tin Plate 2l l *
265 American Tin Plate prefd 73
34.G4O American Tobacco P1H
j American Tobacco prefd 13}
425 Aracor.ila Mining Co 40£
5,743 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70H
lf-0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3.'.»i
2.U6 Continental Tobacco 23Vi
753 Continental Tobacco prefd 77
J.705 Federal Steel ....; 34
Federal Steel prefd 66>i
TCfl General Electric 133
110 (lluccse Suger 47
Glucose Sujrar prefd 9!"-i
770 International Paper !l s «
412 International Pcper prefd 63 Vi
Laclede Gas 65
300 National Biscuit 23'i.
National Biscuit prefd SO
100 National Lead 1 2^4
National Iy»ad prefd -• P5
«10 National Steel 2S",i
National Steel prefd &6
100 New York Air Brake 124
HO North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49
Pacific Coast l?t pr»fd 80
600 pacific Ccast 2d prefd 60
750 Pacific Mall 2S's
2,445 People's Gas Wi
2f» Pressed Steel Car 43
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76
Pullman Palace Car 180
iro Ftar.dard Hope & Twine 5*i
32.170 Sugar 115%
Supar prefd Ill
770 Tenne«e Coal & Iron 72
3.6~o United Stnt?s Leather 10 s *
400 United Stat»i» leather prefd «$V
410 United State* Rubber 2SV»
2J> United States Rubber prefd 93
1.410 Western Union ~"% 1
1.2C0 Republic Iron & fiteel 1*
S:0 Ket'Ublic Iron & Steel prefd Em 1 -; j
P C C & St Louis £6^i
221 Third Avenue 113
213. i r .O Shares eold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref when ,M K & T 2ds...... 6S'4
issued 104 Do 4s !)3
U S 2s reg !VJX Y Cent Uts Ill
O S 2s reg lOHtfX J Cent gen b/.lUH
U s 2s coup HUH i Northern Pac 3s 67V.
U S nei\- <s reg... .i31«-.; Do 4s 104-s I
U S new 4s coup.. 134'* N Y C & St L 4S..10U
U S old 4s reg lnX'N & W con 4s 96«4
U S old 4s coup. . lli-^i ' Or Nav ists Ill
V S 5s reg 113% Do 4s 104H
U S 5s coup 113%, Or Short Line 6s..l25Va
Dis of Col 3.65s 121 Or Short Line 6s. .114',
Atchison pen 4s...l Vi'Readlng Gen 4s S7V»
Do »dj 4s M 'R G W lsts 3S'i
Canada Sou 2ds...K.GS4 St L & I M c.in Ss.HO'.i 1
Cbes & Ohio 4' js. . 9* S L & S F Gen 6s. 121 j
Do 5s 117 St Paul con 17^4!
C & N Con 7s 14UJ St P C k P lsts..l20
Do S K Deb 5s..ll"» Do 5s ISU4
Chicago Term 4«... »5 'Southern Pac 4s... S2* t
Colorado Sou 4s... S6'i:Southern Ry 5s — 111%
D & P. G lsts loiu, Stand R & T Cs... 71
D & R G 4s 99^: Tex & Pac lsis.. 114*4
E T V & G lsts. ...103 ' Do 2ds C7
Er1» G>n 4^ 71 U'nlon Pac 4s 106 i
F W & V C isis... 72 iWabash lsts llT.'i j
General Elec r*....120 j Do 2ds ..102 i
Iowa Cent l^ta. ..115 West Shore 4s JI3 I
K C P & G lsts... 7!'i Wis Cent lsts 00S
L & N Uni 4s f9'4,Va Centuries S)2%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chc!!ar 35 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point Ofl Ophir S3
Con Cal Si V*.... 1 ?5 Plymouth 12 |
Deadwood M Quicksilver 1 M !
Gould &. Currr.... 1> Do prefd 7 '-0 \
Kale & Norcross.. 25 Sierra Nevada 27
Horr.?*talie fO W Standard 3 6"
Iron Sliver 62 Union Con 16
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON BTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . W>«t End 91VS
Call loans 2-tJ3| Bonds—
Tlrr.e loans C<<}4 ; Atchlson 4s 100
Stocks— N E Gas & C 6s. 67
A T & Santa Fe.. 25% Mining Shares-
Do pr^fd 70'i Adventure 4
Amer Sugar llo^i AHouez Mln Co 1'4
L>o prcrd 111V, Amal Copper 87U
Bell Tel 2C3 jAtlantic 22
Boston & Albany. 204 IRoston & Mont.. .2^2 |
Boston Elev I39»i : Bmte & Boston... 64
Boston & Ma.!r.e..W .Calumet &. IIecla.725 I
Chi. Bur & Q 127% Centennial 16
Dominion Coal 42',i Franklin 124 I
Federal Steel .... 34 i Humboldt 50 I
Do rrefd 6C\ Osceola. 6Ui
Fltchburg prefd. ..131 'Parrot 40U
Gen Electric 132'-i Qulncy H3
Mexican Cent 12 l » Santa Fe Copper.. 4V4
N E Gas & Coke. 16»i iTamarack 1?2
Ol<5 Dominion ICVlUUh Min 25'i
Rubber 28H Winona 3
Union Pac £2% I Wolverines 37V4
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures continue to decline.
Some changes in Corn. Oats and Rye as before.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s inactive and unchanged.
Hides continue to decline.
Potatoes and Onions firmer. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry market bare and nominal.
fruits coming in in greater variety.
Rather more demand for Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S N'.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 23. 1900. M v _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. ».. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich ttag. CALRlxg
lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice, 3c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per In. 6c. , Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. Sifcc; choice. 7^c; standard. 6>4c:
prime, tc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
DO-lb boxes. Be; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. OV^c;
3-crown. G'Jc: - 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 30 per box: 3-crown. $100. Fancy
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 4®4Vic
for 40-SO'S. 3Vi(j|3%c for 60-60' s."'. 3U<fr3',<ic for
CO-70's. 3©3Uc for 70-SO'S. 2"i!«?3c for SO-SO' s
and 2%@2 : !ic for 00-100's; Apricots. 9® lCc
for Roynls and & 10®llc for Moorparks:
Peachfs. 4V£©4 : )ic for Standards. ; 5c for choice
and 5V4S6r! for fancy: Peeled Peaches, :i 10
tftl2',ic: Evaporated Apples, ohffGc: Sun-dried.
3t54c per lb:,Ppars. 3H©4Vie for dark and lQ%a
for bright halves: Black Figs. l?i@2c: White
Figs. 2@3c: Bleached .Plums. 7V»c; unbleached
Plums. Cc for pitted and IVic for unpltted.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Cherries keep up under the light receipts.
They are selling first rate in the East, those
from the Santa Clara netting the growers 750
80c per box for black at San Jose.
Baskets are making their appearance.
Poaches, Apples, Apricots and Pears arriving
yesterday in this form. Prices for all these
varieties are holding up, well.
All berries are firm except Gooseberries,
which are in better supply and quieter. Ber
ries are selling first rate this year.
Four cars of Orances were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Mediterranean Sweets, Jl 5O#2 20;
St. Michaels, $3; Seedlings, 50cQJ2.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS — 23(>J6jC per box for Pringles and
CCfflKoc for Seedlings and 73cS$l for Royals.
APPLES— Green Apples, C05?75c per box and
50c per basket, and for Red Astrachans.
larce boxes.
PEARS— Madeline. In large boxes, S5c@$l; in
small boxes, f>0c per box. . .
PLUMS- Clymans, 75c«T$l per box ana
crate; Cherry Plums, HO5J4OC for drawers and
COc for boxes.
STRAWBERRIE'S-$4f5 per chest for large
and ?7(#10 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2'.^ig'5c per Ib for common
and Gtf/7c per lb for EnElish.
RASPBERRIES— $6©10 per chest; New
castle, — Der crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $10 per chest: from Fres
no, $li51 15 per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5^9 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 50@4 per chest.
FIGS— Krom Palm Springs. per box for
black and — - for white; from Arizona, $2®
2 50 per crate and $1®1 25 por box. .
PEACHES— GOcftU per box and $1 per basket.
. CHERRIES— 23(5 40c per box for red and white
and 40SJ6OC tor black; Royal Anne. 50075c. In
bulk. S<BSe for black and 2t?3Vic per lb for white,
and S(g6c for Royal Anne. Receipts were 3141
boxes. '
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 50ft2 75
per box; Seedlings. $1@1 75; Valenclas. $303 50;
Lemons, SKtFl 60 to* common nnd S2<f?2 CO for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, S4©3; Ba
nanas, $2®3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 00@4 per
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New. 7'/4@3Hc: Young America. 99
9Vic; Eastern. 16©17c; Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13®14o for store and 14Q16c
per dozen for ranch.
Everything Is as before quoted, and the mar
ket Is featureless. Cheese Is beginning to
snow more firmness, and prices may Improve
before Ions.
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17@i3c, seconds,
16Q16V4C.
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16%c: good to choice, 140
15>,tc; common. 13V4C.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
}1 ti<3\ SO; Gosllnss. $1 25@1 CO; Ducks, $4 50£i5
for old and $55J6 for young; Hens, $4J?4 50;
Young Roosters, $506; Old Roosters, $3 50S4;
Fryers, H<£* 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and
$1 75^2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75Q l 2 per dozen
lor old and $1 75<g2 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market was bare and nominal yester
day, though several cars are expected to go on
to-day.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 10@25c per doz.;
Rhubarb, 6C@90c per box: Asparagus, 50c® $1
per box for Nc. 2 and $1 25ffl 5" for No. I and
$1 7SS2 for fancy large; Green Peas. 60<3S5c per
s-ark for common and Jltfi 1 25 for Garden: Strinir
Beans, 3;ii5c; Refugees, 5>@6c; Wax Beans, 4ig
5c; Cabbage 40<530c; Tomatoes, 75c(J$l 25; Egf;
Plant from Los Angeles, 49Cc; Dried Okra,
32Hc per Ib; Green Peppers from Los Angetea,
5<gSc; Dried Peppers. SSlOc; Carrots, 25@35c
per sack; Summer Squash, 40iS ; 7oc per box for
Vacavllle and $1^1 25 for Alameda; Cucum
bers, 2SQ73c per dozen for hothouse and $1 25@
1 50 per box tor Marysville; new Garlic, 8>,4®4;
per lb.
POTATOKS— Murbank*. 3i(i;^h' p«t hack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 60fT75c; New Potatoes, 50@75c in
sack? and 5Cci??$l 25 in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 3Qc@M per ctl; Austra
lian. $3<83 W) vcr ctl.
Potatoes and Onions are steadier, and bet
ter prices are quoted. Vegetables continue :n
large supply and not materially changed.
HEANS— Bayos. $393 20; small White. $3 253
i 45; large White. $3 10^3 20; Pink. $2 r.0£2 90;
Red $3 23(13 SO; Blackeye, $3 50«4; Butters,
nominal- Lima. $5 15©5 30; Pea, $3 40^3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4® 4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 WQtr 20: Canary. 3Vic
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2',^@3c; Hemp. 4@4V4c;
Timothy. 4Q4V.C.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 9OQ2 25; Green. $1 &0
Q2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market continues extremely dull at tho
old quotations.
Beans and Seeds.-
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15317 per
tor.: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26527; Jobbing,
127 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20!@21; ,Corn Meal,
$25- Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat. S7@S) for common to good. J9 so
©10 for choice; Wheat and Oat,_$7 50@9 20; Oat,
StiftS: Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa, $5»7 JO per ton.
NEW HAY-Volunteer, $4 DOflS 50; Wheat,
S6"O"7 per ton.
STRAW— 25S37'.4e per bale.
M1DDLINGS-»17@2O per ton
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flo>ir J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. ?i 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. 12 50;
Oat Greats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25(fJ3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4<ff4 25; Craok?d Wheat, $3 25;
Farina, %l 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $C@7 25; tn sacks, $5 75@7; Peari
Barley, J5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, |5 50 pei
100 lbs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 00®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extra?. S3 4O®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3 per barrel.
Flour and Mill-stuff s.
CORN— White is much lower, and the other
descriptions also show some change. Eastern
large Yellow, $1 lSMiQl 15 per ctl; Eastern
White. 97%c<?fn p<*r ctl; Mixed, ?1 15.
RYE— 95V97&C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— There Is nothing new In the situation.
White. »1 10©l 30; Red. $161 20; Gray. »1 o.*j
<31 ir.: Black llftl O7',4.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Decembe.r-24.OCO ctls, GSTic.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Feed, CS»iff71»/ic for No. 1 and 65©67',4c for off
grades; Brewing nnd Shipping grades. 753JS0C;
Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
dealers are shading quotations to 6ell, while
futures continue to decline.
Second Session— December— 12.0C0 ctls. OSVge.
Regular Morning Session— December— S000 ctls,
9S-Sc; 2CC0, 3S'ic.
Afternoon Session— December— 14.000 ctls, 9SUc.
May— 2< 1 0O, 90o.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
Ctls. 9S^c; 4CO0, 9SV4c: 12.000. 9SHc.
Chicago was dull and <»asy. There were
traces of rain In the Northwest. Corn was weak
under Increaetng receipts. Broomhall cabled
that according to the official French Millers'
Journal the French crop will be only 2(i3,0O0,0C0
bushels, again 368. 000.000 bushels last year.
The local market was dull, with a further
shading in futures.
t-:pot Wheat— Shipping. 90@91Uc; milling, 93?4
©S6>-ic.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and dull and
Paris lower.
IV heat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — 14 85^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS\
Sterllncr Cables 4 S9»i
New York Exchange, sight. .. — 12V-
New Yoik Exchange, telegraphic — 15 "
Fine Silver, per ounce — COVi
Mexican Dollars 48^4 49
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. May 2S.-The main Interest In
the metal markets to-day was the sharp decline
In the price of Iron at Glasgow and Mlddlea
boro. In the former market prices fell off 2s
and In Mlddlesboro they declined 3s. Closing
prices at Glasgow were GO' lid, and at Mlddles
boro 69s. While prices In the local market were
unchanged the market was dull and weak. The
local market for pig tin was dull, while London
prices advanced £2 fs> for spot and £1 10s for
futures. Spot doted at £135 10s and futures at
£131. June delivery was quoted at J23 50@28 and
July at I2S 30®2S 90.
Copper was nt New York unchanged for spot,
but futures were easy, with June-Ausust quoted
at $1G.":i16 U\i. Load was dull. Spelter ruled a
shade easier. Following are quotations:
COPPER— Lake. JIG 75<@16 87'^; casting, $16 37Vi
©16 75.
LEAD— $3 97Vi*T4 02^.
SPELTER-54 47V4(g4 52^.
TIN— *29tf29 23: tin plates. $4 25£4 75 at mill.
IRON— No. 1 Northern, S20@22; No. 2 North
ern. $195221.
PIG IRON— Warrants No. 2, nominally $15.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May 2S.— While not particular
ly active, the market for evaporated apples
continues to hold up In fair shape considering
the season of the year. Country advices were
favorabl* and receipts smaller than antici
pated, which served to promote a steady under
tone to prices. California dried fruits, Uow
ever. continued dull and featureless.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRuNE9-3%@7c.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4V45?5c;« prime, 5?i@6c; choice, • C&&7C; fancy,
7U®3c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUUNES-3%@7e.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%®14c; Moorpark, 15®
18c
PEACHES-Peeled, 16020c; unpecled, 7J?9c.
DRIED FRUITS
May at {6 73: June. $5 73; July, $S £0(^6 S3: Auk
ust, J6 S3; September, 16 90@S 95; October, $6 93;
November, V: December, J7 20.
Spot— Rio steady; No. 7 invoice. ,7 13-16c;
mild; market quiet; Cordova, 9'4@13l4c.
SUGAR— Steady; reflned, firm.
' BUTTER— Receipts. 13.615 packages; firm:
Western creamery, 16^j@2OV4c
EGGS— Receipts. 17.5'JO packages; flrm;*West
ern. loss off, 13>4tfM4c. . * ,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
1100 Alpha Con 05 200 Overman IS
1-SGO Alta 04 200 Potosl 20
COO Belcher 21 300 Savage ]»
300 Justice 07 200 Standard .......4 3o
30O Mexican 27
Afternoon Session.
: 200 Belcher 21 200 1'otosl »
200 Best & Belcher. 23; itt> Seg Belcher 02
100 Caledonia 1 10 j 50<> Sierra Nevada,. 30
400 Con Cal & Va..l 45 700 Silver Hill 32
200 C C & Va 1 42V* 300 Silver Hill 31
' 100 Confidence 6> 1Q0 Standard 4 4"
500 Gould & Curry. 14 500 Utah 10
1500 Justice 07 200 Utah 0»
£00 Ophir 54
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 2S— 4 p. tn.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 Co | Justice 06 C7
: Alta ($ 05|Kentuck 01 C2
Andes 05 07 Lady Washgtn. 02 —
Belcher 20 21 Mexican 24 25
Best & Belcher. 27 2T Occidental 11 It
Bullion 02 03 Overman IS 13
Caledonia 1 10 1 25 i Ophir 51 62
Chollar 18 19'Potosr 19 20
Challenge Con.. 12 11 "Savage 11 12
Confidence — 67 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 43 Seg Belcher .... 01 03
Con Imperial... — Ol^Sierra Nevada.. 23 • 30
Con .New York. — 03' Silver Hill 32 35
Crown Point 07 Oilist Louis — li
Eureka Con .... — Mi Standard 4 45 —
Exchequer 01 03 (Syndicate — 06
Gould & Curry. 13 15 j Union Con 19 20
Hale & Norc... 23 24 Utah OS 0'J
Julia — 02 1 Yellow Jacket.. 13 15
Morning Session,
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchance yesterday:
300 Alpha 03 200 Justice 07
1000 Belcher 201 200 Ophir 55
100 Chollar ID 200 Overman IS
500 Crown Point OS 400 Savage 12
SU Gould & Curry. 13 10O Savage H
3C0 Hale & Norc... 2a 300 Yellow Jacket.. 14
Afternoon Session.
l& § elcher "•••••.. 20! 1C0 Overman 19
200 Best & Belcher. 20 i 600 Potosl 19
600 Bullion 02i 700 Savage 12
300 Challenge 13 too Sierra Nevada.. 30
700 Con Imperial..-. 01 100 Silver Hill 30
1000 Crown Point.... CS 200 Standard 4 30
1000 Exchequer ci 5C0 Union Con 1»
100 Gould & Curry. 16 500 Utah C9
300 Mexican 26 1 500 Yellow Jacket.. 15
2C0 Mexican 25|
Morning Session,
•Following were the sales In the San Francisco
SJLock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Flour, qr sks 15.661 1 Bran, sks 1,508
Wheat, ctls 3.Sl'j; Middling'. *k9 .... 6t5
Barley, ctls 6.0.'0 Sugar, iks 2,flj0
Oats, ctls MlQuTcIuliYCr, flasks 2.*»
Corn, ctls 6:'O, Hided, No 2.*2
Rye. ctls 570 Eggs, dvxon 1S.210
Tallow, ctls "It Llmi; libls 1S2
Cheese, ctls llliWln*. gallons S3,::C0
Butter, ctls &•''*' Leather, rolls 2,t-
Beans. sk» 8;? 'Straw, tens 27
Potatoes, sks t, lit I Hay. inns 4.:3
Onions, sks ffl Wool. U.<S3 123
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 910 | Potatoes, sks 1S6
WASHINGTON.
Flour, 'ir yks S.XUWool. bales 212
Oats, ct!s 3.u60l
FOR MAY 2S. 1300.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 60; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Uc; Wool Bags, 28H®32$fcc;
Fleece Twine, "He
COAL— Wellington. %% per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld WelllnBton, JS; Seattle, Jb;
Bryant, ?6: Cooa Bay. $5: Wallsend. JS; Ca
operative Walljend. IS; Cumberland, J12 la
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $11: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, (16
per ton in bulk and $1S In sacks; Castle Gale
und Rock Springs. JS 45 per 20CO lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes per lb In ICO-lb bags: Cubes, A.
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60c; Powdered.
5.20c; Candy Granulated. 5.20c; Dry Granu
lated. 5.1i)c; Confectioners' A, 5.10c; Magnolia
A. 4.70c: Kxtra C. 4.60c: Golden C. 4.50c; bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes.
10c more; 50-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for l»ss than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 5.35c: boxes. 6.10c per lb.
General Merchandise.
POKK— Live Hoes, oaiiJoSic for small and
medium and 5H«jS%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, oUQufec; dressed Hogs, 7@Sttc.
LAMB— Spring, 8c per lb,
Everything remains as before quoted.
liEEF- iffiCH-e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL — Large, G@7c; small, 8®?c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 6&@7c; ewea, b'at6fec per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOI,— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, lo^ftlTc; Northern defective. 13
<(Ii:c: Middle County, free. 15@17c; Middle
County, defective, little; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12J21Sc; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months'. llfUSc; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 105112c; Humboldt and ilendo
clno. 2Cft21c: Nevada. 14"?17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at CQlle per lb.
!Dry Hides and Calf Skins are depressed and
have declined lc per pound during the past
we*k. The prices quoted are conservative an<3
will probably continue.
Sheepskins quiet and skins sell slowly.
Horse Hides are dull at lower prices and in
poor demand.
There Is less inquiry for Deer Skins. Choice
lots, ihowever, sell readily at old figures.
Goat Skins sell readily at prices quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c: medium, 9<g9Hc; light, 9@9*ic;
Cowhides. D(g-9»,=c; Stags, . 7c; Salted Kip, 9c;
Calf. 10c: Dry Hid**:, sound, ISc; culls and
brands, 13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c: Dry
Calf, ISc: Sheepskins. Shearlings, 20333c
each: short Wool. 36Ji00c each: medium. "U'frfcOc;
long Wool, $101 CO each; Horse Hides, $2g2 50
for larue and TacWtl 50 for small: Colts, 2MH
EOe. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 37}ic: fall
or medium skins, 32',ic; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium, 2oc.
TALLOW— No. 1> rendered. Fe per lb; No. 2,
4*04 Vfcc; refined. Cc; grease, 2%(g3c.
"Tlie Wet Salted Hide market is dull and
few sales are being made?. Dealers generally
anticipate and reports from the East indicates
a decline. Our quotations are the prices We
are paying to-day, and which we believe will
continue for the present.
The depression In Hides continues. The cir
cular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per Il> for com
pound and SMitOc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
»^c: 10-lb tins. !i%c: 5-lb tins. 10y.c.
COTTOLKNE- Tiercs. S%i?S%c per lb; half
barrels. S\fe'S!ic; 10-lb tins. a'Ac
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
Me for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14Hc for sugar cured. Eastern
suprar-cured Haras. 13',4?{Hc; Mess Beef. fVl per
bbl: extra Hess. $13; Family. S14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 5C4T1S; extra clear. J19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12'4®13e per lb.
. Provisions.
Some dealers are reporting rather more de
mand for meats, though the Increase In the In
quiry Is slight. Prices stand the same.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, 114@12c for paper
ehell, 9®10c for soft and 4@3c for hardshell:
Peanuts, 5%@6%c for Eastern and 3c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7Vi<gSc; Filberts, 12@12Hc;
Pecans. Il@l3e: Cocoanuts, $» 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. HH@12c for bright and 10%9
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 7Hd
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark. 514660
BEESWAX-24©I6c per lb.
Clusters, ?2; Dehesa, $2 50; ImDerial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common snipping points
in California.
THE SAN FRATsCISGO CALL, TUISSDAr, MAY 29, 1900.
LIVERPOOL, May 2S.-WHEAT-Spot-Dull ;
No. 1 California, Cs ld@Gs 2d; No. 1 Northern
spring, 5a 9V4d. Futures— Steady; July, 5s Sd;
September, 5s 79id.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new. 4s. Fu
tures—Quiet: May, nominal; July, 3s 9%d; Sep
tembjr, 3s 0%d.
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
AKTICLES. I Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 65*i 66 65H 65%
July 67H 61% 66Vt C6ji
Corn, Xo. 2—
May SGH 36% 36^ 36H
July Z6% 37 36H 37
September 37»i 37»4 87V» 37'4
Oats, No. 2—
May 21 2IV4 20*; 2Hi
July 21«4 21>; 21 21
September 20% 20H 2UH 20^
Hess Pork, bbl—
July 11 17'.4 U 32'4 U 17H 11 30
Lard. 100 lbs— I
July 6 75 6 S2V4 6 75 6 ?2«4
September 6 75 6 S2^4 6 75 6 £2U
Short nibs. 100 lbs—
July 6 50
September 6 45 6 50 6 43 6 50
Sun rises .....4M
Sun sets ' •••••••••••¦•¦•.•.
Moon. seta.. \ *.'..'."'.*.'." '.'.'.'." '.'.'.s'lij' p. m.
C Time} Time Time Time
t - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• I* W H_W L W H W
» ... fi:M-l.l l:00~ilj 5:2o| 3.1 11:381 «.O
30 ... <5:*3 — 0.9 1:53 4.9 «-»| 32 . I . .
II W L W H W L W
il ... 0:21 &.T 7:30 — fl.«i ?:« 4.S 7:1? 3.3
1 ... 1:11 6.3 S:13 —0.2 3:32 4.9 8:K 3.3
2 ... 2:0T> 4.M 8:^"> 0.3 4:17 4.9 ft:.n Z.2
3 ... 3:02 4.3J S:33 0.? 4:59 S.O 10:52 .3.0
4 ... 4:C* 3. SI 1*>:14 1.3 5:37 5.1 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. I Pier.
City Pekintr China A Japan May 23. 1 pm PM?a
Corona San Diejro May 23. n anVPier n
S'orth Fork. Humblodt May T>. 12 m[Pl»r 3
Noyo Cape Nome.... May 23. 3pm|pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Mav 29. 12 mirier It
Xg. Maiiscal i Mexico May 20. laam'PterlS
Australia ..iHonolulu May 3d. 2 pm. Pt-r •
Humboldt .(Cape Nome.... May 30. 3pm;Pier:>
Bonlta (Newport May 31. 9 am Pier It
City PueblalVIe & P«t Bd. May 31. 11 am! Pier ¦»
Newburg ...|Grays Harbor May 31. 5 pmlPier 13
State of Cat Portland June. 2. llamiPler:*
Fanta Rosa.|5an Diego Juna 2. 11 amlPter M
San Jose.... [Cape Nome.... June 2. 2pm'P1er3>
Humboldt .ICape Nome.... June 2. 1!) am!PI»r 2»
Pomona JllumboWt..!.. June 2. 2pm!Pier 9
D?l N'orte.. [Oregon Ports. (June 3. <* amiPter ~>
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. June 4. 2pnvPler 2
Coos Bay... I Newport 'June 4. 9 am Pier 11
Wai Walla. ! Vic & P^t Sd.Uune 5. 11 am Pier 0
Columbia ..|Portland (June 7. 11 am Pier 2*
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Bristol jOyster Harbor IMay T>
Emplra |Ccos Bay |May Z>
g ael '° China, and Japan M*y »
Bonita Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May 2»
Willamette .... Seattle May 2i»
Universe ;Oyster Harbor jMay ?>
State ot Cal....iOregon Ports IMay S»
£ uxor Hamburg IMay 3>
Titanla Xanatmo May SO
Santa Rosa San Diego May :u,
Crescent City... Crescent City May 3!
Progreso Tacoma May 2l
Matteawan Tacoma May 31
Pomona Humboldt May 3!
M3rtposa Sydney -... . June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Point Arena.... Mendoclno. j un « l
I>e« N»rte Orfjton Ports " June I
City of Sydney. Panama j une {
Hofct. AdamsonJXanaimo '^Juna 1
Mackinaw Seattle "lJune 1
Welllns;ton JOyater Harbor 'June 1
Coos Bay "Newport ljuna 2
Arcata :Coos Day iJune
North Fork Humboldt IJune .1
Columbia (Portland IJune 4
Corona jSan Diego IJune 4
Honpknrifc MarulChina and Japan ".'June 5
Sun rises .....4M
Sun sets ' •••••••••••¦•¦•.•.
Moon. seta.. \ *.'..'."'.*.'." '.'.'.'." '.'.'.s'lij' p. m.
C Time} Time Time Time
t - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• I* W H_W L W H W
» ... fi:M-l.l l:00~ilj 5:2o| 3.1 11:381 «.O
30 ... <5:*3 — 0.9 1:53 4.9 «-»| 32 . I . .
II W L W H W L W
il ... 0:21 &.T 7:30 — fl.«i ?:« 4.S 7:1? 3.3
1 ... 1:11 6.3 S:13 —0.2 3:32 4.9 8:K 3.3
2 ... 2:0T> 4.M 8:^"> 0.3 4:17 4.9 ft:.n Z.2
3 ... 3:02 4.3J S:33 0.? 4:59 S.O 10:52 .3.0
4 ... 4:C* 3. SI 1*>:14 1.3 5:37 5.1 1
AKTICLES. I Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 65*i 66 65H 65%
July 67H 61% 66Vt C6ji
Corn, Xo. 2—
May SGH 36% 36^ 36H
July Z6% 37 36H 37
September 37»i 37»4 87V» 37'4
Oats, No. 2—
May 21 2IV4 20*; 2Hi
July 21«4 21>; 21 21
September 20% 20H 2UH 20^
Hess Pork, bbl—
July 11 17'.4 U 32'4 U 17H 11 30
Lard. 100 lbs— I
July 6 75 6 S2V4 6 75 6 ?2«4
September 6 75 6 S2^4 6 75 6 £2U
Short nibs. 100 lbs—
July 6 50
September 6 45 6 50 6 43 6 50
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. I Pier.
City Pekintr China A Japan May 23. 1 pm PM?a
Corona San Diejro May 23. n anVPier n
S'orth Fork. Humblodt May T>. 12 m[Pl»r 3
Noyo Cape Nome.... May 23. 3pm|pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Mav 29. 12 mirier It
Xg. Maiiscal i Mexico May 20. laam'PterlS
Australia ..iHonolulu May 3d. 2 pm. Pt-r •
Humboldt .(Cape Nome.... May 30. 3pm;Pier:>
Bonlta (Newport May 31. 9 am Pier It
City PueblalVIe & P«t Bd. May 31. 11 am! Pier ¦»
Newburg ...|Grays Harbor May 31. 5 pmlPier 13
State of Cat Portland June. 2. llamiPler:*
Fanta Rosa.|5an Diego Juna 2. 11 amlPter M
San Jose.... [Cape Nome.... June 2. 2pm'P1er3>
Humboldt .ICape Nome.... June 2. 1!) am!PI»r 2»
Pomona JllumboWt..!.. June 2. 2pm!Pier 9
D?l N'orte.. [Oregon Ports. (June 3. <* amiPter ~>
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. June 4. 2pnvPler 2
Coos Bay... I Newport 'June 4. 9 am Pier 11
Wai Walla. ! Vic & P^t Sd.Uune 5. 11 am Pier 0
Columbia ..|Portland (June 7. 11 am Pier 2*
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Bristol jOyster Harbor IMay T>
Emplra |Ccos Bay |May Z>
g ael '° China, and Japan M*y »
Bonita Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May 2»
Willamette .... Seattle May 2i»
Universe ;Oyster Harbor jMay ?>
State ot Cal....iOregon Ports IMay S»
£ uxor Hamburg IMay 3>
Titanla Xanatmo May SO
Santa Rosa San Diego May :u,
Crescent City... Crescent City May 3!
Progreso Tacoma May 2l
Matteawan Tacoma May 31
Pomona Humboldt May 3!
M3rtposa Sydney -... . June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Point Arena.... Mendoclno. j un « l
I>e« N»rte Orfjton Ports " June I
City of Sydney. Panama j une {
Hofct. AdamsonJXanaimo '^Juna 1
Mackinaw Seattle "lJune 1
Welllns;ton JOyater Harbor 'June 1
Coos Bay "Newport ljuna 2
Arcata :Coos Day iJune
North Fork Humboldt IJune .1
Columbia (Portland IJune 4
Corona jSan Diego IJune 4
Honpknrifc MarulChina and Japan ".'June 5
EXTRA FINE AUCTION SALE
Of Elegant FURNITURE. CARPETS and
BABY GRAND STELN'WAY PIANO.
On TUESDAY. May 29. 1900. at 10:30 a. m..
At No. 1419 GEARY ST.. near Lacuna.
San Francisco.
By order of J. ISAACSON. Esq.. on account of
leaving for Europe, I am instructed to sell th«
elfgant Furniture of this 9-room dwelling
containing a great assortment of costly orna-
mental and useful Furniture, an extended l:s:
of which is advertised In to-Uay s chronicle.
01 wum." « M MARCUSE. Auctioneer.
630 Market st.. San. Francisco.
S14 Broadway. Oakland.
AUCTION SALESDeath at Berkeley of One
Whose Career Was
Eventful.
INCIDENT FILLED
THE MAN'S LIFE
Grain Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 28.— The engine of a
freight train caused two fires between
Woodland and Davlsville Sunday after
noon. Sixty acres of heavy summer-fal
lowed grain was destroyed In one Held
and 200 acres in another. The loss is
about $36TiO. .
Rescue Home for Girls.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SAN JOSE, May 28.— A rescue home for
erring girls and women, under the auspi
ces of the Florence Crittenton Mission, Is
to be established In this citv. Charles
Crittenton. the philanthropist," is to aid
in the matter. A large house suitable for
such a. purpose is to be rented. or pur
chased. He has already aided in the es
tablishment of homes in San Francisco
and Los Angeles. Mrs. F. Abbott of San
Francisco, representing . Millionaire Crit
tenton, Is now here perfecting all arrange
ments. The following officers have been
(•elected to conduct the institution: Presi
dent, Mrs. J. B. Kinney; vice president.
Mrs. M. A. Pascoe;' secretary, Mrs. J. c
P. McGriff; treasurer. Rev. C. W. Welts'
The funeral will take place at the Pre-
Fldio next Wednesday and will bo under
the charge of the United States army.
BERKELEY, May 28.— Captain Thomas
C. Connolly of 1615 Falrview street, Lorin.
died this morning after an Illness of two
years.
Captain Connolly was a member of the
First Infantry Regiment, U. S. A., and
served under General Shafter. but was
retired several years ago. It was on a
trip around the world two years ago that
his health began to fall.
Captain Connolly Dead.
OAKLAND. May 28.— George Babcock,
who has been appointed special adminis
trator of the estate of the late Dr. Wil
liam N. Martin, has accused Attorney
Charles G. Nagle of appropriating valu
able personal property belonging to the
estate. Babcock declares that Nagle had
no right to take possession of any of the
property belonging to it while the former
administrator, Irving Martin, was In con
trol. Legal proceedings will b<* taken
against Nagle should he refuse to return
the property alleged to be in his posses
sion. The Martin estate is worth about
19000.
Accuses an Attorney.
v WASHINGTON, May 28.— Justice Brew
er to-day handed down, the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the somewhat cele
brated insurance case brought by the ex
executor of Guy C.'Phlnney of the State
of Washington against the Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York to re
cover upon a policy of insurance upon his
life amounting to $100,000. Phinney had
paid-the first premium upon his policy
and had failed to pay the second and
third premiums, dying soon after the
third premium was due. In the trial the
contention was made that the statute of
New York requiring specific notice to the
insured of the date when a premium is
due and the place where it could be paid
was applicable. The trial court ruled In
accordance with this contention and the
jury brought in a verdict against the in
surance company for $97,000. The Circuit
Court of Appeals for the ninth circuit dis
missed the case on a technicality.'
The Supreme Court to-day declined t;hn
question of the applicability of the New
York insurance laws to the case and dis
posed of it upon the ground that the
Court of Appeals had jurisdiction. A new
trial was ordered.; The decision was in
the interest of the insurance company.
Several other insurance cases were de
cided by Justice Brewer on the same
ground. ' '
Rumors of a Fenian Plot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 2S.— The' Consul
at . San Francisco caused a : scare " by re
porting that Fenians are coming here to
destroy property. The danger is over. The
military authorities say the Fenian head
quarters Is at San Francisco.
Full Cargo for - Nome. \.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 28.— The steam
er Ban Bias sailed for Cape Nome to-night
with 510 passengers and 1S00 tons of
freight. She was advertised for the trade
for the first time two weeks ago.
Sir George Grove Dead.
LONDON. May 28.— Sir George ?, Grove.
former director ¦ of the Royal ' College of
Music, is dead.
United States Supreme Court Orders
a New Trial in a Noted
Case.
DECISION FAVORING AN
INSURANCE COMPANY
Czar Observes Queen's Birthday.
ST.. PETERSBURG,. May 28.-For . the
first > time on record the Czar ,i invited i the
members "of ': the ' ; British embassy » to - din
ner, on ' the occasion of the Queen's birth
day last week. This innovation is regard
ed as of , great political significance.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— Sunset Park
was excluded from : the limits; of the oil
ordinance by. a' divided vote of the Coun
cil this afternoon and it is no longer un
lawful v to sink wells tup to the eastern
limit ot ;Benton boulevard. This exten
sion of . the ' field 'which has been thrown
open to exploitation by oil .'wells includes
the area. embraced by- Sunset Park and
brings the ; line df prohibition within 1300
feet of West 3 Lake Park.' '
Oil Limits Extended.
Bellingham Bay and Eastern Applies
for a Franchise Along the Water
Front of Fairhaven.
FAIRHAVEN, May 28.— The railroad
war on Bellfheham Bay again broke out
to-night, when the Bellingham Bay and
Eastern applied for a franchise along the
entire water front of Fairhaven from
north to south, paralleling the Great
Northern tracks and tapping every indus
try here, and announced that It would
build a twenty-mile extension to connect
with the Northern Pacific.
This means that the Northern Pacific Is
building a road which. is necessitated by
its failure to purchase the Bellingham
Bay and British Columbia connecting with
the Northern Pacific at Sumas. Fair
haven 1b the center of Puget Sound fish
pries, and the Great Northern has thought
it had the place, bottled, this being the
second greatest originating station for
freight on the entire line. The new road
crosses the Great Northern tracks in four
places, and a hot light will soon corn-
Mine Fire Spreads.
CALUMET, Mich., May .28.— Over 3000
men are idle owing to the fire which
started in >. T o. 2 Hecla shaft of the Calu
met & Hecla mine last night. The man
agement decided to close down "all except
the South Hecla and Amydolld. shafts -on
account of gas from the fire, which has
gone to all parts of the Calumet branch
and part of the Hecla. It cannot be told
how long the fire will last or how long
the 'men will be laid off; The fire -may
spread to other parts of the mines.
WILL BREAK MONOPOLY
OF THE GREAT NORTHERN
Mother and Child Rescued
From Death Under a
Locomotive.
Mrs. Leahy Falls in Front of a Fast-
OToving Train and Is Drftgjjed.,.
From Danger by Ed
Frisbie.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 2S.
A mother with a three-year-old child in
her arms stumbled and fell in front of the
Niles "flyer," near Twenty-third avenue.
this afternoon, and both were saved by
the prompt action of Ed Frisbie, a con
ductor of the Southern Pacific Company.
The woman was Mrs. Mary Leahy, who
lives at 1064 Twenty-fifth avenue. She was
crossing the tracks and did not seem to
exercise the care that is necessary when
traveling upon railroad tracks and was
not looking for the approaching train.
This fact was noticed by the family of
James Miller and by Mr. .Frisbie, both of
whom live near by.
Mr. Frisbie, who was nearly ready to
report at the pier for duty, remarked- that
the woman would probably get into
trouble, started down to the tracKs. Just
as he did so the woman started to cross
the tracks, stumbled over a rail and fell,
with her child in her arms, directly In
front of the approaching train.
Mr. Frisbie jumped for the fallen
woman and seized first the child and then
the mother, dragging them out of danger
just as the train swept by.
The baby was a little cut and bruised by
the fall and was taken by Mr. Miller's
family and tenderly 'cared for. The
woman went to her own home. Later the
rescuers declined to return the child to
the mother, alleging unfltness upon tee?
part to care for it. and claiming that she
was under the influence of liquor at the
time she fell in front of the train. The
child was turned over to Mrs. Lydia
Prescott.
TWO ACTS OF COOL BRAVERY SAVE LIVES
A Runaway Team Dashes
Wildly Through Crowded
Frantic Horses Finally Stopped by
. Driver Ksuueth logan Without
* Any Damage B«
sulting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 28.
After running at full speed the entire
length of Washington street at Its' most
crowded hour this afternoon, with the
lines dragging on the ground, a frantic
team of horses was* finally brought to a
standstill by .Kenneth Logan,' the driver.
That Logan escaped Injury was little less
than a miracle.
The runaway occurred at 4 o'clock in
the afternoon, wlu-n Washington street,
which is the crowded retail street of Oak
land, was tilled with carriages, wagons
and trolley cars of all kinds. The street
is very narrow for the amount of traffic
that it has to carry, and at the time of
the runaway.it was lined with vehicles of
all descriptions.
Logan was driving a heavy team at
tnched to a large freighting wagon. One
of the horses gave its head a swing and
jerked the reins out of Logan's hand and
in a second they wore dragging .on the
ground under the animals' feet. Logan
climbed down upon the pole to recover the
lines and Just at that moment the team
became frightened and began to run. .
Logan threw himself flat upon the back
of one of the horses and managed to se
cure the reins near the bridle. In this
awkward position he managed to not only
guide the running horses safely through
the crowded street but finally brought
them to a standstill. The wild ride at
tracted a great crowd and many com
ments upon the bravery of the young
driver were heard.
1OKOIIAMA. May 28.— It is reported
from Beoul. the capital of Korea^ that
Ankr-ng Su, a former Minister, who was
¦"•pecttd of being involved in the murder
of th* Queen in 1SS5. has been put to death
by torture inflicted in violation of a pledge
eiv«-p to the Japanese Minister. The lat
thl ! £ tryi! * to obtain an audience with
xne King of Korea.
» ¦
Charged With Murder.
COI.FAX. Wash.. May 2S.— Wong Lee.
commonly called the "Highbinder," is un-
S5Sml£££y&2£ Chinese gambler, who^e
Worl T^i J:^ * arl >' Sunday morning,
late "f undU «ft, oaptured near Penawawa
Victory for the Cardinal.
Special Dispatch to The on
PACIFIC GROVE Mav M a v ,
tournament opened the serial imercoi'
legate athletic contests beinsr h*M i f£.
city by Pacific Coast studfnuf Tn VU"
first game the University of fw* the
California beat Berkeley by a senr^ 6 / 1 ]
to 0. In the second Stanford &« o t f h *
Northwestern team by a score of f \J , , e
In the finals Stanford won from South*™
California after a-close contest by as cor^
of 4 to 3. core
Tormer Minister of Korea Dies by
the King's Order.
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGED.
William B. Jenkins Is Under Arrest
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 28.— William B. Jen
kins, formerly station agent at Niles and
later at fiulsun, was arrested here to-day
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses and of felony embezzlement.
Jenkins arrived here on Thursday. At
Santa Ciara he secured the indorsement
Ot Fred Kaeson to a check purporting to
have been drawn by Bullock & Co. of San
Francisco. The same day he hired a
horse and fougg-y from Wallace's livery
stable. As he did not return the rig a
warrant charging embezzlement was is
pufd.. The horse and buggy were located
Sunday in Oakland.
This afternoon Jenkins was taken into
custody Just he had cashed another check
for t20 at the Farmers' Union Bank,
•rhere he had been identified by a priroi
nt-nt citizen. This last check was upon
Wells, Pargo & Co.'s Bank of San Fran
cisco and purported to have been drawn
by Charles Cahen. Jenkins offers no ex
ruse except that he has been on a spree
for a week. He gave his residence as 376
O'Farr*!! etreet. San Francisco.
DEATH BY TORTTTBJS.
Billy Flemin Says She Has Claimed
Such Relationship, but They
Were Never Wedded.
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 28.— Billy Flemln
want? the world to know through The
Call that he Isn't the husband of Miss An
nette Lucky George, although he claims
to have letters in which she informs va
rious persons that ?he is his wife. More
over, Billy gives Jt as his rxpert belief
that hi? former inamorata will not marry
young Russell Lowry-
Btlly represents himself as having been
ruthlessly pursued by the gay Annette
nnd he says that one time, in San Fran
cisco, when she followed him Into the ten
cJerioiri, fhe knocked a cigar out of his
mouth and a policeman offered to jail
her. He asserts that Annette and young
Lowry have not left San Francisco. He
is doing a nightly turn In the comedy line
for some street-corner medicina venders
.here. — *-
NOT THE HUSBAND OF
ANNETTE LUCKY GEORGE
? SIMON LOUIS VETSERA. ?
4» A,
OAKLAND, May 28.— Simon Louis
Vetsera, the alleged black sheep of
an aristocratic Austrian family, to
day pleaded g-utHy to another
charge of robbery. He declared before
Judge Greene that he was guilty of hold
ing up Librarian Charles Green on Thir
teenth street, iTear Jackson. Sentence will
be Imposed next Thursday on two charges.
When Vetsera's case was called this aft
ernoon Judge Greene denied District At
torney Allen's motion for a dismissal of
the charge of robbing Librarian Green,
and asked the prisoner his plea. Not de
siring to spend any more time than was
necessary before he commences his term
hi prison, the youth declared his guilt and
announced his readiness for sentence.
Pleads Guilty When Asked
by the Court for His
Statement.
VETSE4A SAYS HE
HELD UP GREEN
when the -white stripes loom up a rush 13
made for the entrance of a saloon, where
the booze-soaked veterans enjoy perfect
Immunity from the coppers."
"The new charter w the most humane
pfece of legislation ever t-nacted," declared
Billy Butts, otherwise known as "The
Tank." as he steadied himself against the
mahogany/and grinned at the officers
through the door of the saloon. "There
are two kinds of bars In our business, and
It all depends upon which one you are up
against. When the 'cops' were kings
around here we used to dream, of bars
while standing against bars. We are still
against bars, but our fondest hopes have
been realized. God bless Chief Sullivan,
and have a drink with me."
BOARD OF INQUIRY
EXONERATES FUNSTON
General's Summary Execution of Two
Filipinos Regrarded as
Justifiable. S : - K^X
MANILA. May 2S.— The investigation ot
the charge against Brigadier General
Funston of having summarily executed
two natives In the province of Zambales
has resulted In a discontinuance of the
proceedings. It developed the fact that
General Funston caught the natives in
the act of murdering bound Macabebe
scouts. His action In view of the circum
stances was regarded as justifiable.
' WASHINGTON, May 2S.— The War De
partment has received the following ca
blegram from General MacArthur, at Ma
nila, dated to-day:
"Three officers and fifty-six men, with
forty-six rifles, surrendered uncondition
ally at Cuyapo yesterday. Three officers
and forty-six men, with fifty-five rifles,
surrendered unconditionally to-day at
Tarlac. These spontaneous surrenders
are very encouraging." • ; ¦~-'^i;.-.
STUDENTS AT PACTFIC GEOVE.
Addresses and Discussions Take TJp
the Greater Portion of the Day.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 2S.— Work In
the regular course laid down before its
opening was taken up again to-day in the
convention: of the Pacific Coast Students.
The morning's business was begun at 8
o'clock, with an hour's session at the
Conference Mission Institute, which was
largely attended. F. W. Anderson of To
ronto, Canada, addressed the students on
the practical reasons for the study of mis
sions and missionary work.
At 9 o'clock the Bible study class was
called to order by George w. Leavitt of
Purdue University, Indiana. A very" in
teresting hour was spent in an informal
discussion of a portion of the Scriptures.
At 10 o'clock Rev. Dr. Clampett of Trin
ity Episcopal Church, San Francisco, de
livered the third and closing address of
the series, he has presented before the
present convention, his subject to-day be
ing: "The Application of Scripture to
Daily Living and Necessary Qualifications
for Life Equipment for Man's Work
Among Men.
The dally life's work conference was
held this evening and a series of confer
ences concluded labors and pleasures for
the day. _
PXRE AT PERSIA MINE.
Stamp Hill.- Hoisting Works and
Lodging-House Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARIPOSA, May 28.— Fire broke out at
the Persia mine, seven miles from here,
last night and destroyed a ten-stamp mill,
the hoisting works and shop. The large
building used for the accommodation of
the workmen was shattered by the explo
sion of 200 pounds of giant powder.
The fire* started near the rock crusher
at the top of the mill. It is believed to
have been of Incendiary origin. The force
of the explosion was felt three miles
away. No lives were lost.'
KOBKBT GOELET TNJTFELhJ).
BOSTON, May 2S.-Robert Goelet of
New York, who rode in the last steeple
chase at the Brookline Country Club this
afternoon, and who was thrown at the
last hurdle, lies unconsciotis to-night at
the Massachusetts General Hospital, with
a severe concussion of the brain. The
physicians do not think his case is crit
ical.
Compton Again on Trial.
LOS ANGELES, May 2S.-Charle3
Compton's fourth trial on the charge of
forging a deed began before Judge Shaw
this morning. Owing to the wide atten
tion the various trials have attracted
great difficulty Is being experienced In
getting a jury; / :
Maxine Elliott Subpenaed.
. Maxlne Elliott, . tiie actress, has been
subpenaed to appear as a witness to-day
at . the Inquest Upon the body of her
brother. Thomas Dermott, who committed
suicide In this city a few days ago. The
city chemist reported to the Coroner yes
terday that he had found strychnine and
opium In the stomach of the deceased.
Early Morning Fire.
A fire broke. out at 2:37 a. m. yesterday
at 2110 Taylor street In a two-story frame
building ¦ occupied by Lawrence Costa as
a dwelling and ' owned by the Claus
Wreden estate. The building was almost
destroyed, but most of the contents were
saved. The fire was caused by throwing
ashes containing coals into a wooden box.
<}7=)) ERKELET, May 28.— At his beau-
Ibs^ Uful residence. La Loma, in the
jt_J) foothills of Berkeley, Captain Rich
ard P. Thomas died from a stroke
of apoplexy this morning. His life, which
was an eventful one. was marked with
business successes and deeds of charity to
his fellow men.
Captain Thomas was born near Syra
cuse, N. Y., seventy-flve years ago, where
he received his education and business
training. Until the outbreak of the Civil
War ho was a merchant in a little village
near Ithaca, N. Y. In 1SG1 he raised and
organized a troop of the famous Lincoln
Cavalry. He was elected captain, but
retired to the rank of first lieutenant that
a man who equipped the organization
might be placed at its head. Within a
few months, however, he was promoted
to the rank o{ battalion adjutant, retiring
from the army when that office was abol
ished.
In 1SG3 he came to California and" In
dulged in various mercantile pursuits un
til he became president of the First Na
tional Bank and owner and president of
the Standard Soap Works. In 1890, shortly
after this bank was threatened with ruin
through the poor investments of its
cashier, he retired from active business
though he always kept a watchful eye
on all his enterprises.
He retired to his beautiful Berkeley
residence which he purchased In 1830. It
consists of thirty acres in Xorth Berkeley
and commands a splendid view of the
Golden Gate and bay. There he spent hlg
latter days Improving the property.
He- had • an Inventive genius and ob
tained several patents. One which at
tracted considerable attention several
years: ago was a suspended trolley line.
He Invented, modeled and placed on ex
hibition at. one Mechanics' Fair an over
head trolley line. He first Intended it to
be placed in operation from East Berkeley
to Grizzly Peak, and if It proved success
ful It was to be used in other places.
The liquidation of his bank prevented
him from carrying out his .fad.
His death was very sudden and unex
pected. He left the house about 10 o'clock
after telling his wife he did not feel well
and would take a nap in his little cabin.
When he did , not answer the dinner call
aisearch was Instituted resulting in find
ing his body some distance from the
cabin. It is thought he felt better and
was on his way to the rabbitry, In which
he was much interested,, when his heart
failed ¦= him. . .- • ¦¦¦.-/
He leaves a widow and adopted daugh
ter. Mrs. Woltman of -New York.
The funerar will be held to-morrow
afternoon at ,3 o'clock. .
Woman Attempts Suicide.
While despondent last night Mrs. Lydia
Rourke, living at 717& Natoma street, at
tempted to commit suicide by swallowing
the contents or a bottle of paregoric. Her
groans attracted the -attention of one of
the. occupants of the house, who had her
removed to the Receiving Hospital. She
will recover.
Bailroad Wants Title Quieted.
OAKLAND, May 28.— The Central ' Pa
cific Railway Company has brought an
action agalnsf the California Railway
Company to quiet title to land on Fulton
avenue, Fruit vale. . The property involved
is not of great value.
Rev.: George Sweeney Returns.
OAKLAND,*, May 28:— Rev/. George W.
Sweeney, formerly ; pastor of the > First
Christian 'Church, has returned to.Oak
landfor the-summer, having completed
an extended lecturing tour of the Eastern
States. - •. -.•;:¦¦¦..•,. \ r r
"They say',' Is Van excuse; some people
have for lying.
Incorrigible Children.
OAKLAND. May 23.— Justice Junes La
rue of Brooklyn Township has called the
attention of -the Board of Supervisors to
the condition Of -a family nimed -La"»ki
who. reside on East Twenty-first street'
near Twenty-third avenue. There are said
to be eight children In the family, who
are allowed- by their parents to run wild
to the great annoyance of the • people re
siding In the vicinity.' An effort will be
made to have the children placed lc some
public institution.
ORDERS were recently issued at the
California-street police station
which has caused a general jollifi
cation among the veterans of the
flowing bowl who make their headquar
ters along the Barbary Coast and on the
water front, wherever drinkables are to
be had. No more can Officers Thomas W.
Handley and' Bob Connors arrest any of
this gentry wherever they may find them
for being drunk and take them for star
light rides in the patrol wagon.
The order reads that the policemen must
not enter saloons to take prisoners for
misdemeanors, but must take them on the
streets. As the "boozers" are never
Whenever Patrolmen Handley and Con
nors put their heads together there Is
something doing on their beats. It has
been their custom to enter a saloon, wake
"up a score of ragged vagrants snoring on
the floors, or separate a gallon of cheap
wine from a bunch of Inebriates and line
them all up against a police call box and
wait for the patrol wagron to cart their
prizes to the station.
Now all is changed. When the rounders
became apprised of the new order they
posted sentries on the streets, and now
known to leave the side of a bar long
enough to go through a door, the officers'
records will be dimmed, and they must
now resort to strategy to earn their sala
ries.
Before and After the Nsw Order Went Into Effect.
Sent to an Insane Asylum
OAKLAND, May 2S.— Miss Edla M.
Chellson, a domestic, formerly in the em
ploy of Albert Sutton of Haywarrls, was
committed to the Agnews Insane Asylum
to-day by Judge Ellsworth. Drs. Tisdale
and Ewer recommended her commitment.
The •woman imagines that the Iioer war
was caused by a disparaging remark
made by her regarding Great Britain.
OAKLAND, May 2S.— The congregation
of the Newark Presbyterian Church gath
ered yesterday in proper humility of spir
it to worship, but before they were
through with their devotions they turned
out in hurried excitement to fight a flr«
that had taken hold of the church edifice.
The blaze broke out In another building
and was communicated to the temple of
God. When the smoke began to pour Intc
the church the pastor hurriedly dismissed
the service and led his flock to the battla
against the destroying element. The sa
cred edifice was saved by the heroic ef
forts of the worshipers, but it was badly
damaged.
The tire burned a house and barn owned
by Manuel Sllva and four cottages owned
by F. C. Jarvis. The railroad shops were
threatened, but the employes saved them.
The fire started in Sllva's barn. The causa
is not known.
Presbyterian Edifice at Newax)
Ablaze During Devotions and la
Saved by Efforts of Preacher
and ,'Els Flock.
Services Are Interrupted by
Flames Seizing the
Church.
WORSHIPERS AND
PASTOR BRAVELY
FIGHT A FIRE
While the police department has deter
mined to make a vigorous prosecution of
the case against Green, the accused man
was prepared to meet the attack. On one
side it is charged that the moving vlewj
which have been displayed are entirely
unfit for public display. Green claims that
he has not violated the city ordinance
which forbids exhibitions of obscene pic
tures. ¦
The views of which complaint is made
have been exhibited In mechanical nickel
in-the-slot devices, known as kinetoscopes.
or mutoscopes. The establishment which
was raided has. according to the police,
been largely patronized by young persons,
and complaint is made that the displays
have been of such a character as to war
rant suppression.
Green protested that his views were for
the most part copies of recognized works
of art of world-wide repute. The police
admit that some of the pictures are In
that category, but that these have been
sandwiched in with many which have
nothing of the artistic to recommend
them. The evidence consists of thirteen
of the machines containing the photo
graphs of which complaint has been mane.
These have been sealed, and the question
of their ultimate destruction will rest
upon the result of the trial.
Although some of the photographs were
removed from the boxes when the police
notified Green on Saturday, there were
many remaining to which objection was
made. The ease will be set to-morrow
for trial at a near future date.
Complaint was sworn to In the Police
Court to-day by Sergeant of Police Mc-
Kinley accusing Frank V. Green of ex
hibiting immoral pictures. This is the re
sult of the raid made last night by Chief
of Police Hodgklns on the phonograph
parlors conducted by Green & Kendall at
472 Seventh street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
, 111S Broadway. May 28.
Claim Made by Accused exhibitor
That His Views Are Only Cop
ies of Famous Works
of Art.
Police Swear to a Charge
Against Owner of Raided
Parlor.
COMPLAINT FOR
THE DISPLAY OF
VILE PICTURES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, May 28.
When aged John Taylor, a wealthy pio
neer of Contra Costa County, made a
deathbed will cutting off his daughters
and a grandson with $1, he laid the foun
dation for one of the bitterest contests
| ever waged in the courts on this side of
the bay. His alleged widow, Martha Tay
lor, was made practically sole beneficiary
under the will. She is the proponent in
the contest which the daughter. Mrs.
; Martha Mullikan, instituted. The trial
will begin at Martinez on Thursday be
fore Judge Buckles of Solano County and
¦ a jury.
Because of the prominence of the fam
ily, the conditions under which Taylor
met death and the charges which have
been made «grainst Mrs. Taylor, the battle
over the deceased pioneer rancher's estate
has aroused interest in both Alameda and
Contra Costa counties, where he had been
¦ widely known for many years.
Taylor died in Oakland In November,
1S38, from the effect of Injuries he sus
tallied In an accident while he was driv
ing ovtr the Fish ranch road from his
home at Lafayette to Oakland. Shortly
before death he made his will, devising all
of his estate to his wife, except $1 to hi3
daughter and the same amount to Jeffer
son Davenport, a grandson.
As soon as the will was filed there was
trouble. The daughter retained attorneys
and opened the tight. In the first place
she charged that Mrs. Taylor was an ad
venturess and had married the old man to
get Ills wealth; that she had taken ad
vantage of his infirmities and had preju
diced him against his daughter. The
charge was also made that for a long
time before her alleged marriage to Tay
lor Mrs. Taylor had sustained mar
ital relations with one Crabtree. living in
Contra Costa County, and that they were
reputed to be man and wife. Therefore
it was charged she could not legally wed
Taylor.
The complaint reiterates the allegation
that Mrs. Taylor was a designing woman
and that she used all of her arts to ingra
tiate herself with the pioneer and to wean
him away from his daughter and grand
sen, the only other living heirs to his for
tune.
Emphatic denials were entered to all of
tlie accusations, and the preliminary con
tests have been fought to the limit. The
contest v>as filed in ISTtS, and every move
since then has been a sharp legal battle.
Mrs. Taylor is represented by Attorneys
K. M. Gibson and B. F. Woolner of this
city, and the contestant's attorneys are
R. M. Fitzgerald and Carl M. Abbott.
* »
After a Long Preliminary Contest a
Disinherited Daughter's Charges
Are Ready for Trial V'
in Court. '-'!¦•¦- ~X !
Widow of John Taylor Ac
cused of Having Been an
Adventuress. .
BITTER FIGHT
OVER WEALTHY
MAN'S ESTATE
JUS Broadway, May 2S.
The Pacific Coast Congregational Con
gress, which held sessions In San Fran
c'scci last week, resumed its programme
this morning in the First Congregational
Church of tnis city. The subject of dis
cussion in the morning was "The Relation
<>t the Church to the i'oung." The topic
was di^ussea from three points of view—
We Sumiay school, young people's organ
izations and mature classes.
The Rev. F. 1. D. \\ heat of San Fran
cisco. Rev. J. H. Goodell of Petaluma and
Kc-v. M. D. Dunning ol Forest Grove. Or..
who spoke on Sunday schools and their
work, were of the cpiuioa that the Sunday
eehools should adopt to a larger degTee
the methods employed by the public
schools; that teachers of special training
and better books than those used at pres
ent should be employed. The Rev. Mr.
"Wheat was for a graded system with
large instead of small classes.
\oung people? organizations were dis
cussed by the Rev. L. M. Walters of
Iresno. He declared that the church
could not afford to be an exception in the
grvat movement for organization and ihe
young people should be gathered up and
cared for.
."The Social Side cf the Kingdom" was
the subject of discussion at the afternoon
session. Papers were read by J. T.
Nichols of Fremond, Wash., on "Home
U.te." L. D. Ilathbone of Santa Rosa on
"Social Life," P. S. Kr.isht of Salem. Or..
en "Sabbath" and E. D. Weagre of Tularo
on "The Saloon "
Rev. C. P. Dorland of Los Angeles de
livprrd an addren this evening at the
oongTess on the subject of the "Relation
ft the Church to Social Movements of the
I>aj ." The speaker touched upon the diffi
culties confronting' the masses in a man
ner that showed careful consideration of
the labor q?:e5=ilon and the things that
have don** much to keep the church apart
from those whose only doctrine teaches
them that th^ir daily br»»ad is paramount
to any consideration of spiritual welfare.
"We must consider the temporal as well
as the spiritual wants of the man." said
t be speaker. "We go with our teachings
end of time? provisions to the savage far
from here, but at the same time ignore
the man around the corner who is much
wore preatly In need of our ministrations
than ihe aborigines across the sea.
"It has always been the policy of the
church to keep aloof from the things po
litical and those rvhich do not directly
conccrn, the spirituality of man. Thi<« is a
mistake. If we believe that a man may
re>itrn himself to God mentally and at the
fii^" time rob his fellows do we make it
an object for The masses to join the
church? No. The church cannot alwavs
indorse new ideas, even if they should : oe
for the common pood.
"That would favor too much of politics.
Why. only to-day we were compelled to
touch very pir.p«rly the subject of prohi
r.ition. Of course, the church is naturally
In sympathy with any movement or re
form which tends toward the enlighten,
mem of man. «Whlle it cannot always in
dorse a policy it can lend its moral «ud
port.
"Socialism, the panacea of many think
ers tor the existing evils, has not "been in
dorsed by the church, though it means
much for tl;p welfare of the workingman.
It stands for an increase In the thlnps
that tend toward the betterment of the
masses.
"If the ministry nf this day will go out
sis Jesus did among men there will come
tli* multitudes who want to hear the mes
eape of tiod."
The Rev. J. F. navies of San Bernar- !
«lir.o. <&"ho wts to address the congress to
morrow morning, will be unable to be
present on account of illness, and the time
allotted to him will be devoted to an open
discussion of "Moral Leadership of the
Church."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Several Good Papers Bead Upon the
Social Side of Work in
the Churches of
To-Day.
Interesting Discussion Held
in Oakland by Congre
gational Congress.
RELATIONS OF
THE CHILDREN
TO THE CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTTESD AJY, MAY 29, 1900.
STRATEGY MUST BE USED ,
IN ARRESTING INEBRIATES
+ RICHARD P. THOMAS. 1
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICOEASJUiHE
JPcsmvely cnrexJ by these
JLittlo Pills.
They also ratiere Distress from Dyspepsia,
, Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pcr>
foctremady tor Disxtocw, Kaosea, Drowsl*
ness, BadTasfcta (be Mouth, Coated Tongf
Pain In the Side, TORPID OVER. They
Regulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. '* Small Dose.
iSmatiPflce.
r&"l B
**I hare used yonr valuable CASCA-
RETS and find them perfect. Couldn't do
without them. I ha Ye used them for some time
(orindlgestion and biliousness and am now com-
pletely cured. Recommend them, to every one.
One© tried, you will never be without them la
the family.** Edw. A. Mxkz, Albany, N. Y.
Eh H^ J&m CATHARTIC
oSS 3 S int ' Pa* 3 "** 11 ?. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, Merer Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c. 60c.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
8l«rll«i Hwirf; C— p— 7. Clitmo. »Mlml, Sot* T.r*. SM
Mfl-Tfl.Rin Sola and enarantoed by all drnz-
nw- I U-D All gtsts to C I 111: Tobacco Habit.
?o*o*o*o*o*o»o»o<»oto»o^o»or»
|¥!IEHY 15 HEALTHFUL! f
O i«B with medicinal qualities," O
o ||jgi y °r Indigestion ani j
o Stomach Dijordar*. o
!illli s ~ allod vichy !
? S^ypU IN SIPHONS £
f^^'^M VJCHYf
\ i§§$% Get the Genuine %
o A. V1GN1ER, Distributing Asrant'J
MAkWl j ¦ DR - PIERCE *s
mmm elegtric
1»C BELT,
Z\JEZz. THIS BELT 13 WAR.
/yT*. - ranted to be the latest Un-
proved, most powerful ami
la all respect* the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal dees not exist.
The Galvanometer shows its electric current t»
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrode!*.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur*
any disease on earth that It \» possible to cur*
with electricity, and it cures when others fail.
Buy no belt till yoa see '"Dr. Plerce's.'*
"Booklet No. 2." free at ofrtee or sent by roatl
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Addres«
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street. ¦
<Opp. Palace Hotel>. SAX FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— N*ew ' York City.
D&iUU'i itElNYiGOSAlOItBrare
Five hundred reward Tor any 5SgM| jlJSti
case we cannot cure. Tbij were: |rnH BEL
remedy step* all lo»»es in !i y f
hours, cures Emissions, lmpo- H3M Wtt>
tency. Vartcocele. Odnorrhoea. B*P p»rj
Ol*«t. Fits. Strictures. Lost lilL (1*1
Manhood and all wasting eJT*cts fig"*! W|
of self-abuse or excesses. Seat Wll "¦••'••»
seated. »! bottle: J bottles. S3: guaranteed to
cure any cat* Address HALL'S MEUICAX, Hi'
6TITUTK. K3 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. a:*»
for sal* at 1073'* Market at.. S. F. All privai*
dtseases quickly cured. Send for fre* book.
\2S^33U MARKET " bXS^SS*-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
12
§AS FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tb« San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until J2 o'clock every nleht In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES-CJ7 Montgomery .street,
corner Clay; open until 9:!0 p. m.
TOO Hayes Etreet; cpen until 9:80 p. m.
€39 McAlliiter ctreet: cpen untl! 9:50 P. oa-
CLt Larkin etrwt; cr*n until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission stre»t; cpen until 10 p. m.
tXl Market street, comer Sixteenth; cpen un-
til 9 p. m. ,
106 E'.eventh street: open until S p. ra.
:»6 Valencia street; open ur.tll 9 p. ra.
Nortbw«^t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; crcn until t p. a*- ___^_.
MEETING >OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A. M.. A
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) E%t '. N '**^».
ING. May ». at 7:30 o'clock. By order
of the si. ''pr^y^y H pa y. Secretary^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1IC F. and A. M -. fl
ttl E;My f... meets THIS EVENING at «5\-
7;I0 o'cicck. Thlrfl degree. /*k^\
(JEORCE PEXLlNtfTON._B_ec. '
OFFICERS and member* are r«t?ect- gt
?uily rec.urstf<5 to a**cnib»e fit the *I>m- _jf^—
pie WUDNKSDAY. May 33. at l^ly\
i' m. lor the :>urpose o: Rttend'.ng the /
funeral cf Brother BTEFHKH CoWAN. late
raeml*r of. Martinet I/.^pe No. 4L H&rttaet,
Cal. By order of the Ma?tfr.
THEO. FKOLlCHv Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. fi
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)^a^
EVENING at 7:*> o'clock. ?U\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secy, i^r >
MISSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M.— «
Officers and members are hereby notl- _#%_
f.ej to attend the funeial of our tie- jTz?
ceased brother. JEREMIAH BROWN- /^r N
ING, from the hall of tbln lodge. TO-MOR-
ROW (WEDNESDAY), at 1:20 p. m. • By or-
der of the W. M. CD. BUNKER, Secy.
6OUT11 SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
Z12. F. and A. M.— The offloers and ~M%
members of the atoove named lodge ar« Tg IZ
hereby notified to attend the funeral of / V *
our late brother. JOHANNAS W. BIRD.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), the SDth Ineu. at
1 o'clock p. m., from Masonic building. Four-
teenth and Railroad avee. By order of the
Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 1*4, I. O. O. F.
-Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) §??**3x£.
EVENING.
V. F. NORTHROP. N. Q.
THE thirteenth annual picnic «c3Tfw
cf the Sons of St. George J^ffSof^r
will be held WEDNESDAY.
May 30. at Sunset Park. "^yCSv. *K/*
.-a:.;a Cruz Mountains. A fwf^^Sor"""^.
mo»t Interesting- programme Hv^IC^^&f
of Encileh games and sports 1 - \6i ¦ -^J
for old and youns, fat and jftj~g*J
lean. A grar.d tug of war—
Ean Francl«co vs. Oakland end Alameda.
Vaiuab'e prizes will b« offered for all events.
Muclc and dancing will hold forth ail day In
larre ;sv"!'n. Trains i-av<- S. F. (font of
Market et.). 7:45 and 6:45 a. m. Special train
will leave Fourteenth and Franklin. OiUtland,
t a. m. Tickets (round trip). $1; children. DOc.
4.NCIENT Order of Foresters— The twen- ts^^i**"
ty-#ixth annual picnic will b« held In C^T
tichuetzen Park, near San Rafael, on jS\
WEDNESDAY. Mav 30. 15C0. Uouni- *L2»
trip ticket, including admission to park and
chance in gate prizes, adults &0c, children toe.
Valuable gate and ranie prizes will be dis-
tributed. Tickets can be procured at A. O. F.
building. 10! O'l'arrell et., or at the ferry on
moixlng cf rlcnic.
J. FALCONER, President.
R. N. McLENXAN. Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club win held Its V «y <-
thirty-fourth annual gathering and 5V, t«vT'J
Carries at Fhell Mcund Park on "^ttJLSc
WEDNESDAY. May 35. The best
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
fcr prizes. Over $2500 will be distributed.
Full bar.ds for pavilion dancing up to 8
p. m. liarplp«rs for platfcrm and fancy
{2&ncin£. Over* f ort y tv«?nts on rr^cr&m mg \
get one. A Highland welcome with a full
day of pfcasure to alL Buy rcund trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Adra'.sslcn to
ground?, adults. &0c: children. 2Sc.
THE California Dfbris Commission, having re-
ceived application* to mine by the hydraulic
process from Robert Hill. In the Gardners
Point mine, near Port Wine, Sierra County,
tn depcV.t ta'.lings In Sawmill P.avir.e; from
Charle* Hilton. In the Dry Gulch placer mine,
i.ear Pleasant Valley. El Dorado County, to
<lppeflt taillnirs In Clear Creek; from L. Koss,
In the Woodchuek mine, in Gold Leke Mining
District. Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
Woodchuek Ravine, and from the Golden Hill
Mining Company. In the Golden Hill mine,
near 1'owellton. ttutte County, to deposit tall-
lnr* In a ravine, elves notice that a meeting
will be held at- room VS. Flood bull-line, San
Francisco. Cal.'. on June 11. 1800. at 1:80 p. m.-
AGEVTS WASTED.
LADY aper.ts — If you want the best money
maker* get the'HyKela Electric Corsets and
fkirt*: the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Ccrsft Co.. Ft. Louis. Mo.
AOENTP wanted. Mercantile Library building,
room 11.
AGENT, man or woman, to handle new book;
fai.iry and mtrimlysicn. Apply til Mcntgomry.
ASTItOLOGY.
JPROF A. MASEltT of Egypt, greatest "astrol-
i (::¦! end palmirt in the world; satisfaction
Fiiaienteed. 15 Powell st
SCIENTIFIC artrclcgy: readings. SOc: mall. $1;
hororcrp^. PROF. MONROE. 12S Turk Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law. £50 Market. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. 527 Market St., room €27; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bl -!«?.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
It 4TII 4 \ III \ET— HOT A IK. VAI'OIL
KOBINSON Jj 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and fafe. W. S. BROWS, gen, art-. 4TO EMU.
BELGIAN HARES.
LORD DONCASTER Fee 515 00
LORD DONCASTER Fee $15 00
LORD DONCASTER Fee «5 W
On May IS we received direct from England
sn animal known ae LORD DONCA6TER.
His sire was Palace Cup buck of 1SSS and dam
was winner of Doncaster Silver Cup of l&SS.
He won a rrtze every time he wae shown in
Err'and.
lie has magnificent shape, and without
doubt excels every animal tn America In th«
dark richness of his color. For a very limited
time his fee In stud will be $15. You cannot
get a like service from any buck that will
corapare with fc'.ni for less than JCO. If youi
.. does lack color you should certainly not fall tc
breed tliem to him.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'N,
ALAMEDA. CAL.
THESE red-hot colored English Belgian* are
going like hot calces. If you want a beauty
£>O NOT WAIT.
BUCKS SCORING S5. 95H. 93H. «»?4.
, They will return price paid In service fee In
less thon 1 month. Does bred to these bucki
at ts till sold. Salesroom, 4522 Montgomery st..
San Francisco.
AT THE HEAD OF OUR STUD— Imported
FAFHODA KING, by Champion Fashoda, out
of dc« by Pride cf Tork. Choice pedigreed
does, Juet received, at reasonable rates. Our
epeclalty, rabbltry f uppllti of all kinds: nurse
doe* rented. Golden Gate Belgian Hare Co..
CCS-C11 Golden Gate ave.; tel. South CJL Open
Sundays & evenings. Ira Baker Daltlel. prop.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian does, bred to Royal
Sovereign. J10 to 120; to Emperor of Norfolk.
II<i to SSO; to A^s-x (highest-scoring buck In
America). W0 to $50: youngster*, all rtra'.ns <
weeks. 12 5C; 10 weeks. S3 U; i months. 15 and
t7 CO. Kenwood Puibbitry. E39 14th St.. Oakland.
A KNAP— Belgians; disagreement of partners!
CO hieh-RTa.<;e har«E, all age«; Lord Edlcboro,
Lord Ro«berry. King Yukon and Lord Ban-
bury strains; if taken as a whole will sell foi
half market value. Box M20, Call.
CLAREMOXT Belgian H»re Association— Doei
bred to l-'eshotfa Prince and Royal Rochdale
110 tc JtXi; beet strain youngsters, tt to IIS
«?1« Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Very fln« etoek of high-score, ped-
tgreed Belgian hares. *!! scored by Mrs Bush
100&H Sutter St.. San Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 21J4 Flllmore et
£an Francisco. Cal.— fiend C cents la stampi
fcr took en car* »nd feeding.
BELGIAN harrw. all rtze*. cheap for a few
days to make room; Tukon buck for service
tl4 Golden Oat* ave.
PEDIGREED does with litters by Lord Fa*hodi
Cnl»f (ltrigorted). Eureka Rabbitry. 1CIS Turk
BICYCLES For S«l«» or Exchange.
KEW Cleveland bicycles; bettsr than evrr- J40
LEAVITT A BILL. tOI Larkln st.
GREAT barsaJns In eeeond-hand bicycle*- fron-
35 up: send for list. LEAVITT Sz BILL SW
Lerkin. »t.. 6an Francisco.
BOARDING FOIl CHILDREN'!
A PRIVATE horn* for children by week~oi
month; one day to IS years old; select neigh
borhood: mother's care; terms low; sunnj
yard. MM Post st.: tel. Lerkin iS7: 2 bell*
GERMAN Isdy wishes to board children, nea;
mchool: term* rea». : «unnr ya*-3. <I? Minna
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged
Ho'.meo Book Co.. 7C4 Mission St.. near Third
»O°T AND Sn«3B_ IIAItCAJXS. •'.
BARGAINS, ladles* and children's «hoe«:drum
mers' samples infg. cost. Kohlbecher. 1U 4th
j BUSINESS CHANCES. v ¦ :^
| A^KW^BAZAAR and stationery: choicest loca-
tion on Valencia et. : runt S15; 2 living rooms;
great bargain; owners must sell quick; Nome
lever. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $25C0; VERY best location; saloon close to
Powell and Market «s. : business first class;
only patronized by be«t people; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny Et.
A— J10W)— CANDY rcutet ettabl. 20 years: all
ce?h trade, clearing about $130 per month.
Call R. G. WILKE. :i\*t Kearny st.
A— MM — CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 liv-
ing rooms; south of Market St.; a good pay-
lnt business and rare chance. Call R, G.
WILKE. MV4 Kearny st.
A— $275— CIGAR store on East Ft., opposite the
ferries; low rent; * small Investment but a
bartain. R. «. WILKE. 2«H Kearny tt. I
A— $12i0— SALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab.
rears and doing a good paying business; place I
located close to Palace Hotel: rent $'*: lease;
larc« ftock, bert quality; a. rare olfer. Call
K. O. WILKE, 20% Kearny sL, £
A— J3S0— COFFEE salocn and chophouse. with
10 furniyho.1 rooms: rent low; dally receipts
125. Cal! Tt. G. WILKE. 2«V> Kearny st.
A-tKO-TOnXEn saloon; rent SIS; choicest io-
cnt'.on scutli of Market et.; plnce doing a good
rajln,» buslne**. but partle* csn't agree. Call
H. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny tt. I
A-^t3^-CORXER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living room*, on Geary st. ; low rent
end pood paying businefft; a rare chance.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A- $S50— CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market i
and Stockton sis.; net rent $63; a good paying
and old-established business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. S6H Kearny 8t.
$176— SHOOTING gallery, making lots of money;
owner going to Paris Exposition; a French-
man. See R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny at.
A— J25O— BUTCHER, shop: itood business: cause
sickness. COWING & CO.. 71? Market st.
A— DRUG store; fine location: good chance for
doctor or druggist. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— CORNER: downtown raloon; great sacrifice;
slckneas cause. COWING A CO.. 719 Market.
CIGAR store; best In tbe city; near The Call
building. COWING & CO.. 719 Market «t.
LIVERY and boarding stable; good location;
cause sickness. COtVir'G A CO.. 719 Market.
A CANDY and tcecream parlor; heart of city;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A BAKERY; doing fine business; clears $1CO:
price *G00 this day. COWING, 719 Market st.
A- S350— LAUNDRY route clearing $50 a month-
good licrse and wagon; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buyinsr; splendid oppor-
tunity. STENBERG CO.. 930 Market st.
$350— BRANCH bakery, grocery and notions: 4
blocks from Market st.: 4 llvlnc rooms; rent
only $13; bargain. STENBERG CO.. 93i Mkt.
• $700 CASH— Corner grocery and bar: 2 living
rooms; rent J14 25: dally sales $15; owner must
leave at once for Europe- M. GRIFK1N, 719
Market St., room 1, nr. Call bide. .
To rent— Fcr ccai yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stalls: rent only MS: water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
j CALL and see our list of good paying busi-
nesses; groceries, saloons, restaurants, hotels,
' i<a!nt shops, delicacy Ftorej; sale and ex-
I change. EITEL & CARROLL. 1008»> Market.
$1200— GARBAGE business, with 10 years' lease
of acreage and buildings across the bay;
ruarentee $100 per month. KREDO & CO.,
36 Geary Et.
$400 — SALOON: city front; bargain: on account
of other business. McLAUGHLJX. 77!hi Mkt.
$500— SALOON and lunch housei bargain this
| day. McLAL'GHLIX & CO.. 777K Market St.
I JST-&— FINE candy. Icecream and stationery
; etore; good fixtures;- fine location; a great
I bargain. LANE & CO.. £65 Market st.
KERN County oil lands: a chance. to pet an
interest in 11.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and, get in on the ground floor: these
land* are' located in the great oil districts of
MrKITTRICK. SL'.VSET AND KERN RIV-
ER Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
under the laws cf West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-assessable: Investigation solicited.
D- H. MOSTELLKR, Agont,^
I Room 364, Parrott Building. S. F.
! $400— DYEING, cleaning and laundry office;
first-class, paying business for 2 persons; 4
llvluK rooms; nice location: low rent; month's
trial given. Address box 2116. Call.
AT a. great bargain— Bakery, candy, notion*.
i school supplies, cigars, etc. : good stock and
fixtures; locatod by a school; living rooms.
ISO'S Golden Gate ave.
FOR eale — Restaurant: clo*e to four factories;
business rood. Apply between 11 and 12 a. m.,
6CS and CIO Seventh st.
FOR sale— On account of departure for Nome,
a fruit and candy business and paying welL
Address box 174S. Call office.
CnOCERY and bar for Bale; cafh trade; $750.
Address box 173S. Call office.
GOOD paying 3-chalr barber shop for sale. 289
Seventh st.
FOR sale — Good outride route en morning pa-
per; ea?y terms. Box 1736. Call <fiflee.
FIRST-CLASS sloop yacht 32 feet long. W. H.
CAMPBELL, Sausallto.
FOR SALE— First-class outside route on a
morning paper. A., box 1770. Call office.
RESTAURANT for your own price; going to
Nome. Apply 1 Fifth st., room 10.
LARGE store to let on Market St.; lease for
sale; 22x100. Box 1749, Call. : ¦ :"•
I WILL pay $5 every month to any one lending
roe $50; b«>*t security; references. Call or
address 230 O'Farrell st.. room 7.
$::;0-DRAYINO business weU
horses, wagons, everything complete; $200
cash, balance on easy payments. C. H.. room
29. 36 Geary et.
¦ 12500— SNAP; $10 day clear; be Increased; gen-
teel business; downtown; suitable lady or
gentleman; cloce Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
FOR sale or exehajig-e — Handsome cottage, fur-
nished; barn; Berkeley. Box 170S. Call office.
WANTED— Bakery or bakery and coffee saloon;
I must be good location. Box 2S79. Call office.
| TO let — Barber shop. 2 chairs; rent cheap. 346*4
i Seventh st.
A TRANSFER corner 6alcon; north of Market;
1 sickness. Address box 2S54. Call office.
i tSOO— RESTAURA-NT; no night work; old stand.
229 Eirhth et.
* GOOD planing mill and lumber yard In this
I for sale. Box 2S61, Call office.
[ DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, pay-
, Ing drug store In a ciod mining /town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Farrell st.. city.
1 FOR wile— The Central Hotel In Napa, con-
- talning thirty rooms: central location; price
| reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
$450 — CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms:
account of sickness, nil Howard; no agents.
' J1S00 CASH: corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
' good location: no agents. Inquire 30 Lily ave.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 10J6 Va-
i . lencla «t. /
| LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
[ 10 ROOMS AND BATH; EDDY AND. ........
I ELLIS MUST SELL
i PRICE $200
DECKER. 103) Market Bt.
\ tf.-ROOM corner $4000
, S-rocm flat; only ».. 200
20 rooms; corner 900
15 rooms; corner ;..;¦. 750
ICO-rocm house 45O0
Hotel and bar; 38 rooms:.... 1500
I SI rooms on Market St.; only £00
25 rooms on Bush; rent $55 950
M> rooms: In payments 1800
t-room new flat 400
110-room house; best on earth 4500
12 rooms on McAllister st 400
IS rooms: fine corner: clears $150. a 1000
IC-roora house on Turk et 750
10 rooms on Jones Et. ; clears $S5 400
; ¦ 10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission st 450
10-roorn house; new furniture........ 200
J2-roofn house on Post st ; 400
- 10 rooms on Mason Et. : payments......... ' 450
MONEY TO IX3AN ON ANY HOUSE.
' I TELEPHONE MINT 756.
- H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market sU. opp. Fifth.
R, II. WINSTON it CO.. 1026 Market st.
'. 15 rooms: $250 cash, balance $10 month... $425
27 rooms; corner: best of furniture 1500
85 rooms; corner: monthly payments 1500
60 rooms; corner:- must sell 190Q
40 rooms; rent $37 K0 COO
l WANTED — Residences of 16 to 23 rooms for prl-
) vate rooming houses; must not be over busi-
ness places: 2 cash customers watting. M.
I GRIFFIN. 71» Market, room 1. nr. Call, bldg.
$l£ro— r< ROOMS: all rented; good 1 peat Ion: near
' Market: cent.; rent low. BAEILE. 3 Eddy st.
* A— ROOMING house: great money maker;
f heart the city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
- A LIST of 129 lodging-houses for sale. M.
r GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
* CARRIAGES AXD WAGOSS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts,' harness,
. etc. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 MUslon st.
" CAMP wagon; finest In California; good ai
new; cost $600; tell $300. 8279 Mission St.
NEW & 2d-band wagons, buggies carts tt har-
l ness, work 3t driving horses. . Utb & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. STODDARD'S circles Tuesday and Thurs-
day. 8 p. m.. 10c; sittings dally. 278 Ninth st:
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st.. rm. 35; admission 10c.
RETURNED — C. STEERS: circle : to-night, 8
p. m.. 25c: readings >l. 112V4 Oak st.
MRS.^ LESTER BAILEY'S circle this evening.
10c; readings dally. 1204 Flllmore. near Turk.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister; Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-nisht; 10c; sittings^
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles phcto medium. 230 !
Ellis »t: 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. ] > ;
: MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
i ket, bet. 10th and 11th; olr. Mon., S p. m.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis st.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLA1HVOVAXTS.
a ""'""mrsT"dr. clar k •
the well-known trance medium,
permanently located at 205 turk
ft., may be consulted on all affairs of lite* :
i the will «bow you how to overcome your ene-
mies: remove family troubles; restore lost af-
v fections: unite th» (separated: yntWaction
guaranteed by mall: pend etemp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk st., near Jones^
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
'Sundays. 11C7 Market St.. bet. -7th and 8th.
"NOME!" "Nome!" "Nome!" Savek your
money; consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
dium; lucky and true; 50c and $1. 1SSI Market
St., near Twelfth.
CARD reader and palmist removed from 953
Mission" st. to 126 Sixth, room 8.
11ME HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 143 Sixth St., r. 14.
MMB August, clalrvoyarit. card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; ftc & 60c. 1149 Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92m Mission, op. Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
Mission St., near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to gra\'e: future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CAPE XOMH.
jTooT^^R^-orWnff^capital will obtain Vi In-
terest in ten creel; claims at Cape Nome. Box
1701. Call office.
CAllPET BEATIXO AXD CLEA.MSC.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-337 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 14«.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. ¦ G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-H0 Sth Bt.: tel. South 25a
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
Hi Stevenson et. ; tel. South 22$; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLJN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Atfency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Markft «t.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
TO LET for 3 or 4 months — Furnished cottage
o£_ 8 rooms; $20; references. 217 Third ave.,
Richmond.
PROSPECT ave.. 15— 1*4 story, good grounds
and view; take Valencia cars to terminus
and Inquire; rent reasonable.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; yard; rent $6. 1021tf
Lombard it.
WASHINGTON. 1323— fi rooms, bath and yard;
marine view. ¦
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllllnjcs, 60c; crowns. $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no ttudents; guaranteed t2 years.
FULL set of teethi $5; (told crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, II up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlcrs. 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting ¦ when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Hu?h —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; (Wings, 23c.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paircs, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. CREELY*S C. P. dog soap creates""*
smooth, Bllky coat; for sale' by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore-^
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dcfrs boarCed. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL' 8 Is the place to learn dretsmal:-
lng and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MMB. REMBERT, 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; Creases
made. $3 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, ovcrO'ConnorftMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. - -
A— OALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts: call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
yALL students but two taking full course this
>*»r got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market st.
AYRES'. the leading business college,- 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship. $50: Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art: day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.:
the coming school; thorough: up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING." civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 923 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT, *02 Montgmy.
6. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. E10 Golden Gate.
PROF. MERK1. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and rultar. . JOQS Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and. Crafts School: modellnir,
deslenlng. carving; all branches.- 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz. .16 G-eary. r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, erammar. wrltlrg,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Jth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^^PA^ESE-CHINESE Contractor and
ploy mr nt - Office - furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. -4 'Carlos. place, off O'Far.
reil. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
' A— MOST, reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; . established over five years.
¦ 421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135. ,'-,. ¦':.',
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
i JAPANESE and Chinese employment .office;
bes/help fnrn.; tel. sfclin 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE! and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel.- East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, competent infants'
nurse, German cook with good city references,
flrst-class Swedish laundress and a number of
housegirls await positions at MISS CUL-
LEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
BY 2 Norwegian girls— Positions to do house-
work, second work or; cooking; references,.
Box 1740. Call.
GIRL for general housework and cooklns; ref-
erences. Apply S Alice St., off Folsom, bet.
Third and Fourth. ' '
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework In a private family. Please call
at 2?51 Pine st. .
AN experienced dressmaker, designer and per-
fect fitter wishes work by the day tn fam-
illes; very reasonable. Expert, box 1750. Call.
LADY wishes sewlnc and mending to do at
home or housekeeper's position. Call 116 Sixth
et., room S.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day:
washing, ironing or housecleanlng; $1 day and
carfare. Address box 1746, Call office.
WAN'TKD— General housework, by a competent
girl: tv'aKc-s $20. Apply 5«3 Bryant st^__
COMPETENT jrlrl wishes any kind of work.
N. F.. box 1739, Call. '
YOUNG Swedish jfirl wishes position for gen-
, eral hoijsework; wages $25. 1100% Stevenson
-• St.. near Twelfth.
WELL-EDUCATED Parisian lady, lust from
New York, desires a position to take charge
of children. Address MME.. box 2S90. Call.
LADY wishes position as seamstress, house-
keeper or cook: city or country- 132 Sixth
St., room B.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th.rd St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: fre<» 'bus
¦end baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemenis and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. . •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT German man and wife desire sit-
uations: understand all kind of ranch work;
reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter St. .,¦
FIRST-CLASS butler wants position; best City
references. MIS CULLEN, 325 utter Bt.
PRACTICAL all-round man with large Eastern
and California experience. Is open to an en-
gagement; can make his own steam; city or
country. Address W. H., 1729 Eddy st. ,
ENGLISHMAN (aged 15), steady and reliable,
wishes permanent employment with whole-
sale firm: best of references. Address C. W.
C. 1137 Union st.
NURSE, attendant, handy man, by strictly
sober Frenchman; private Invalid or instltu-
tlon; small wages; references. Box 1733, Call.
AMERICAN married man, handy with carpen-
ter and plumbing tools, would like steady
position. 2235 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted to care for horses or as
watchman by handy man of 25; references;
city. Address box 1733, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to complete his barber
trade In good shop. Address box 1734, Call
office.
SINGLE coachman for flrst-class family! many
years' experience and undeniable references.
Address box 1745, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a coachman and gar-
dener; best references. EMIL ERICKSON, 682
Albion «t. Oakland.
GOOD jobbing blacksmith and Bhoer wishes a
situation: reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 16, Call office.
FRENCH cook wants situation In'hotel, city or
country. D. L., 275 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE couple want situations In family:"
man as cook and wife to do waltlnjc ajid
housework; with good reference. W. M., 935
Sacramento st. .
ENGINEER and machinist. 32 years of age,
good pipefitter; also woodwork: flrst-class ref-
erences. Please address box 1728. Call office.
GOOD cook wants a situation In hotel, restau-
rant or boarding-house. Please call at 3
Stevenson st.
I LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general jobber —
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
job. Address Bailey block, room 2. Dwight
way station, Berkeley.
GARDENER experienced In commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take chargs
of a large private place, plantation, etc.: long
year? 1 references. Write to N. GARTNER,
853 Fortieth st., Oakland.
AN old confectioner, fancy cake baker and pas-
try cook wants a lleht situation for small
wases; steady work; city or country. Please
address Confectioner, 1616 Stockton st.
RELIABLE young man of 24, experienced In
bookkeeping and general office work, wishes
position with established firm: reference from
late employer. Address box 1798. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish man and wife wish situations;
city or country; woman good cook; man care
of horses and general work. Box 2S91. Call.
OFFICD work — Young man of 28, with 6 years'
experience, wants position for the summer.
Address J. E. COOVER; Palo Alto, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly man: secur-
ity given If desired. Address 213 Palmer st.,
near Chenery.
ENGINEER, machinist. DlpeHtter wants posi-
tion as engineer. Address Engineer, box 1705,
Call office. ¦. ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
~ EXPEUT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
. 1071% Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall, 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc.. Speck k Co_ 667 Mkt.
1S22 Pac. av.; 10 r. h.$60jU37 Geary; 10 r. h...$70
710 McAllister; 8 r.h. 32 1610 California; 7 r. f. 35
793 Haigfit: 7 r. f.... 25 1210 Polk; 9 r. b.... 35
922 Hyde; 6 r. f.:..32 501331 Eddy; 4 r. f 20
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417*4 Third st.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1042
and 10*4 Sacramento st., below Mason.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St., near Webster. ;uv-
ELEGANT new sunny corner flat; Blx rooms
and bath. 4600 Eighteenth st.
FLAT — Modern Improvenemts; half block from
Union Iron Works. 913 Illinois st.
FLAT8— 3 and 4 rooms, bath; off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
IF you want to more get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.
\ 1»1 Geary st.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath; nice gar-
¦ den. 122S Filbert St.. near Larkin. '.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath^ yard, base-
ment; moilern Imp. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell st.
, PEARL, 27, off Market, nr. Valencia— Lower
and upper flats: rent $3 and $7.
SUNNY lower flat, 6 rooms, bath; yard, base-
ment; rent reasonable. 4S2 Page, nr. Webster.
$16— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement st. j
take Sutro car. .
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page, bet. Qough
and Octavia, 1% blocks from Market.
$10— SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms, cellar and
yard. IOCS Natoma.st., near Eleventh.
$10 AND $15—2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 731
Fulton st and 736 Birch ave.. nr. Buchanan.
4 ROOMS; N os. 250 and 250V4 Tehama at.; »S
1 and $10. -.¦.;¦ -v.
UPPER flat: • rooms and bath. 1120B Turk st.,
¦ near Laguna. • ¦ < . ¦
PURNITUKE FOIt SALE.
¦ NEW furnishings of elegant modern flat on
Van Ness ave. for sale, $450; rent of flat. $35:
solid mahogany . furniture: Axmlnster car-
peta. Apply H. J. MQpRE. 1039 Markt st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 CO, with No.
T mnw. Klnsr Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
; FVRK1TURB -WANTED.."
CIIA8. LEVY buys 'your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market «t.; telephone Jessie 761..
! ALFRED ; WOLLPERT, . 773 Mission St., pays
: highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
• furniture, carpets. 757- Mission: tel. Itod 335a.
"HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS! ~"T" '^^GIRLS.f^ •"""- * GIRLST
¦ - Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR.? DAVIS. 3IH Fremont.
NEAT -girl: general housework. • plain cooking,
[ assist with children: $20. Call 233 Third ave.,
. Richmond District; take*"3utt«r or Geary cars.
'. GERMAN- woman as partner. -5c = and 10c res-
taurant; she must wait sft table and attend
• to - tn '- cooh .'-- Cal1 *»<>* 172t. Call.
. WANTED— Girl for general housework: apply
before 12 o'clock; 344 S Twentieth st.,' NE. cor.
of Capp.
; WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
; Foliiom st.. bet., 13th and Hth sts. ¦¦-.•.,.
• A GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
-791 McAllister, St.. -near Octavia.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID'and laundress. Yo!o. $20, fare
¦ here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ._
A— SECOND cook, private boarding house, Ala-
meda. $25 to $30: waitress, same house, $20;
restaurant cook. city. $25; cook for men. $25,
see party here, no objection to a child: cook
for small hotel. Marlpoea. $25, fare paid: cook,
small hotel on the 'coast, $30; dlshwaeher,
across the bay. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. , ¦ ¦ ¦
IRONER, city. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
Btreet.
A-MIDDLE-AGED nurse. 1 child, city, $20.
MISS CULLEN'. 325 Sutter st. ¦ -
A— TW.O laundresses, city, $1 50 per day each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter gt.
A— NURSR; 2 grown children: $25; good place.
MISS CULLEN. 3:5 Sutter st.
C. It. HANEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S5.
HOTEL ORDERS .'.
Head waitress. $35; 4 waitresses, uprlngs, $20;
3 waitresses, mountain resorts. $20; 3 wait-
resses, resorts near ctly, $20: 3 waitresses, com-
mercial hotel, north, $20: 6 waitresses, differ-
ent commercial hotels* $20: 2 arm and check
waltresees, San Jose, $25: 4 waitresses, city
hotel.". $20; 3 lunch waitresses. $3 and $3 50. no
Sunday work; 2 chambermaids, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to watt, $20; woman cook. Lake Ta-
in*. $40. fare here.
FAMILY ORDERS
Ranch cook. Newman. Stanislaus County, $15.
fere paid here; houseglrl, Santa Cruz. $25. see
party here; 2 girls, same house, city; 2 girls,
same house, country; and long list of other
orders for city and country.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A larce number of girls for cqpk-
ing. housework, second work, nurses, Wait-
resses, laundresses and others to fill situations
for city and country too numerous to advertise
and at wages from $15 to $35; fojtfa situation
call and see us.\ J. F. CROSETjff & CO.. 316
Sutter st. /> :
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S.. 41S Powell— German
nurse, 2 grown children, sewing, $25; Ameri-
can nurse, 2 grown children, sewing, $25;
young girl as companion and assist. -112.
WANTED— Woman (no objection to one child)
to help in kitchen on ranch near city; free
faro; $15. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay »t.
GIRLS to learn to make cigarettes at JOHN
BOLLMAN & CO., 36 Jessie at.: good wages
to be earned: steady work; references.
GIRL accustomed to sewing machine; apply be-
fore 11 a. m. Vincent Drapery Co., 332 Post
St.. near Powell.
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman for
housework In small family. Flat 321A Fre-
mont at.
RELIABLE girl to go with small family to
Ross Valley for 3 months. 4034 Seventeenth
St.. near Castro.
LADY partner'ln restaurant and family dining
room first-qlafls hotel: some capital required.
Address box 1751. Call.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists; steady
work: good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to do light
housework at 113 East st.
WOMAN to help In kitchen of small boardlng-
house. 662 Fulton st.
GIRL; general housework and cooking; city ref-
erences; wages. $20. 425 Devisadero at.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; no
washing; wages $25; refs. required. 1 Scott st.
FINISHERS on pants; *teady work. 858 How-
ard rt . feet. 4th and 6th. over handball court.
A YOUNG woman to help take care old lady
and chamber work; $10 month. 1811 Lyon st.
COMPETENT nursegirl with good references
required for San Rafael. Box 1741. Call office.
A GIRL to wait at table. Call at 136 Second
street.
WANTED— A young woman to assist In dental
office; references required. Box 1743. Call.
AN operator on pants; steady work. 110 Wil-
liam st., off Geary, near Taylor.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
made coats. 410 Kearny st.. room 27.
FINISHER and buttonhole maker on custom
coats. Apply at 38 Grove st.
PANTS apprentices wanted; paid vrhlle learn-
ing to good sewers. 124 Turk st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 3740 Twenty-fifth, cor. Fair Oaks.
COATMAKER wanted. . Apply 232 Montgomery
avenue.
YOUNG German girl to do housework and help
In bakery. 2150 Twenty-second st.
STRONG young girl to assist with care of baby
and housework. 100C Geary st.
NEAT, respectable girl for light and general
housework. GlOtt Polk st.
WAITRESS. 448 Third St.
WAITRESS wanted. 113 Turk st., In restau-
rant.
GOOD finisher and apprentice ulrls on custom
coats: pay while learning. 126 Russ st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam-
lly. 731 Shrader st.
WANTED— Girl to do cooking; French cooking
preferred. 1EM Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted as cook. 330
Main st.
WANTED— Operators on vests; wages from $S
to $12. 641Vfe Stevenson st. ¦
WANTED — A neat appearing woman as com-
mercial traveler. Box 1717, Call office.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S.' 123 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on trousers; steady
work; wages $10. 461H Minna st.
WAITED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis 8t.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio st..
V.etween Ellis and O'Farrell. oft Jones.
FEW young ladles to join night school:, lflw
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received At Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1C3S Va-
lencia nt.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
At"c. ""r. HANSEN & CO~S...... 104 Geary st!
Wanted for the Coast road Free fare
Teamsters : ; $2 a day
Laborers ..I $2 a day
Free fare Free fare
100 4-horse teamsters $2 25 a day
Via Los Angeles and Santa Barbara dlvl-
Blon » • Free fare
20 laborers. S. P. Company work. $2 a day
board $4 50 a week Free fare
BO section hands for different northern divi-
sions on the S. P. Co.. $1 70 a day free
fare ;.'.
Woodsmen and millhands for different coun-
ties, wages $30 to $45 and board; 20 farmers
different ranches. $26 to $30 and $1 25 and
$1 CO a day; 6 milkers. $25 and $30; 2 four-horse
teamsters to 'haul wood. Napa County, $125
a day and board; 10 orchard hands, $26 and
board; 20 quarrymen. $2 and $2 25 a day; fire-
man for mine, $2 a day; railroad camp black-
smith. $3 a day; wagonmaker, $2 60 a day;
ranch blacksmith, $35.
Double circular sawyer. $75 to $S0, see boss
here: driver for delivery wagon, $33 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, country hotel, $100; hotel third cook
and vegetable cook, $60 and $40; 2 pastry
cooks ( and bakers, • for water resort and
springs. $50. see boss here; meat cook, plain
country hotel. $50 and fare advanced: second
cock, springs, $40
Potwaeher, $30; 2 dlshwanhers, $30; boy to
clean up kitchen. $20; dishwasher. $25 and
potwasher. $25 for water resort; 20 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30.
Steward for resort. $80; 2 waiters, same
. country hotel. $25; waiter, help hall, hotel,
$25; 10 waiters, city and country, $30, $35,
$40 and $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.: 104 Geary.
EXPERIENCED hotel clerk. $45. C. R. HAN-
SEN' A CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED :.... 7.
FARE PAID
10 farmers for largest vineyard In California
..$26 and found
. 4 single hand miners.. $2 50 a day
2 muckers ....$2 a day
Blacksmith, country shop J60
2 carpenters ...."....$2 CO to $3 a day
Bedmaker, country hotel .$20
Butcher and kill, country shop.. $25 and found
Plain ranch blacksmith $32 50 and board
Lumber pliers $30 and board
6 milkers .$30 and $27 50
10 farmers $25. $30 and $35
„. Cook for 10 men, country $25
Lunch counter man $35 to $40
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Pay st.
WANTED— Laundryman for State Institution.
$35 and found ; laundryman for springs, $35
and found. W. P. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Man to run passenger elevator.. $50
Janitor and run freight elevator $40
:;.-. ..-..,¦- W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Vegetable gardener for private
ranch, near city, $25. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st. r . . ¦¦ .
BARKEEPER for flrst-class saloon in city;
mifldle-aged man preferred; $80 to start with.
W. P. EWER & CO. . 610 Pay st.
BARBEHS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. rternanl. Hec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie Ul
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 23 to 37
. Kearny st. ¦ ¦. :
WANTED— Dishwasher, at CO East st.
WANTED— 2 good carpenters. 2929 Jackson st.:
Call 7:30 a. m. ¦ •
GOOD shoemaker on repairing. Apply 25S2 Fol-
• com- st. . > ¦¦•
nFLP WANTED— MALE.
1— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY -••
Help for all parts of California, Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 1456 MEN :.....
FREE FARE and office fee 11 and no other
expenses to Lcs Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:30
p. m.. for the S. P. R. R., laborers and team-
sters, J2 day. FREE FARE
* HAYMAKING.. AND HARVEST ••
2S9 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men. etc.. *1 25. $1 JO, $2 day
and fouiid. COME AND SEE
STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS. GAR-
DENS
16 stablemen, city and country lobs. 140. $33,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. ?3T>. $30, $-»
and found: 5 gardeners. 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
man, all for private families. J3u. 525. t-*0 anU
found, COME. SEE
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different places. $:«5. $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers. dif-
ferent Jobs, $35 and $40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED ••
563 men for 60 uiffer-nt jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $10 per
month and found •••
•.also lumber pliers. bark\ peelers. $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers, Ja«;kscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gahe edgermen. In
fact we want help of every for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $73. $30. $110, $60.
$50. $10, $30 and found: CS4 woodcheppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 £0, $2, $1-50. $1 and 73c cord
10 laborers to build flume. $30 to $10 and fd
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and hcrseshoers, $2 50 day, $w>,
$70, $15. j:3 and found: also 5 helpers. $12
week, $35 and round; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers. $3. $2 50 day. $40 and found; circular
sawyer, $60 and found; 2 boilermakers, $3 60
day; carriage painter, stripe and letter, fare
60c, $10 week and found; v^rpenters. city.
$2 50 and $3 day
screw tender, $52 and found; 3 carriage paint-
ers
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES... BIO WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found; 29 miners, single hand. ...'.. $30 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
Porter for a country grocery store, boss here,
$40; 3 milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found.
planer hand, sawmill co $30 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare, $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35.
$30 and found.
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful. $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
man for wine cellar, country. $25 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
3C"> laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 50. $2, $1 75 day; many city jobs, to board
home
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day I
rockmen $2 a' day |
laborers $2 a day
Free Fare .Tree Fare
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER for a mine, $90, see boss here;
tinner and plumber, $2 23 day, fare 25c: paint-
er's helper. $1 25 day; coachman. $30 and ;
found, country Job; clerk for a city job. $2i> I
and found. MURRAY & READY, 631 and 633
Clay st.
A— COOKS BUTCHERS WAITERS
8 butchers, different shops, ranches and
slaughter-houses $39 and $35 and found
S bakers, city and country shops — $40 and $50
39 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $:"-."• to $60 and found
waiters, citM and country hotels and resorts., j
; $23. $30 and $35 and found
washer, country laundry, $30 and found; bar-
ber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 baker's helpers,
$30. $33. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— ERRAND boy for our office. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay at. |
THREE dairymen for small dairies. $30 and
found and $45; stableman and butcher for
country. «3O; farmers. $25 and $30 and $1 25.
$1 50 and $2 a day; 3 drivers for milk wagons.
$30 and found and $50; ?. men and wives. $43
and $C0; carpenters. $3 day, free fare; black-
smiths, -blacksmiths' helpers, machinist.*; 2
edgermen $50 and $60: woods and mill men of
all kinds, at going wages: miners, milkers,
carmen, laborers and teamsters. $2 day, free
fare; woodchoppers. $125 to $2 cord; men to
cut 2000 cords wood, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED"- Baker, country. $30: second cook.
$40; third cook. $30: broiler. $35; baker, J30;
silver man, $25: kitchen man. $30; dishwasher,
$15; porter, hotel, country; porter and waiter,
hotel, country. $25: other work for hotel and
restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Competent retail salesman with tea
and coffee experience; good position to right
party. Box 1795, Call.
WANTED— Man used to kitchen work; $10 per
month and found: short distance In country.
Inquire NE. corner Mason and Market sts..
basement.
TAILORS— Good coatmaker wanted for J. Loe-
wenthal. Eureka. Apply to STEIN. SIMON
& CO.. cor. Second and Market sts.
WANTED — Elderly man to help sell fruit off a
wagon; $15 per month and found. 123 Henry
St.; call before la. in.
WANTED— Steady man. llBjht Indoor work; will
pay $50 per month, with chance of Increase;
JCO required. Apply 777H Market st., room f.
MIDDLE-AGED man; German preferred;
steady, easy work and good home. "IS Va-
lencla st. ¦
WANTED— Barber; steady work. 132 Pacific
St.. cor.- Front.
GOOD barber for Tuesday and Wednesday;
good wasres. 1531 Polk «t.
BARBER wanted. COS Mission st.
BARBER wanted, steady.. at 103 Fourth st.
i BARBER wanted for this afternoon, Wednes-
day and Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Tuesday. Saturday and
Sunday. 1006 Misclon st.
BARBERS— S-chalr shop for sale: good loca-
tion: new modern furniture; 3 living rooms;
furniture value equals purchase price; iiM.
Box 1744. Call office. ,
BARBERS— A good shop for sale on account of
sickness. Apply 911 Larkin st.
SIGN painting- Wanted, boy who has worked
about 2 years at trade. 79 Third st.
APPRENTICES wanted to learn barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747. Call.
WANTED— Expert bicycle repairer. 860. Folsom
street.
WANTEI>—Flrst-clas3 carriage smith. 637
Green st. ¦
WANTED— Good lunch waiter at southwest
cor. Fifth and Bryant sts.
WANTED — A man who can cook and wait on
table. 607 Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
DISHWASHER wanted; $6 a week. 631 Clay
st.; call early.
WAITER wanted at ei3 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy in blacksmith shop. Apply 484
Eighth st.
WANTED— Boy 14 to 16 years to work In candy
store. Call 9 a. m.. 117 O'Farrell st.
STRONG 'boy wanted for tailor shop. S3 Third
St.. upstairs.
WANTED— A dishwasher; $1 per day. MAR-
TIN'S. 15 Third St.
WANTED— First-class shoe salesman. Apply
at The Standard. 1029 Market st.
CUTTER on white duck stilts. MAJOR CON-
WAY. 86 Flood building.
ONE good finisher and 1 good helper la wagon
factory. 630 Broadway.
PAINTER wanted. Apply at 252 Fifth st.
WANTED— Waiter for lnnch. Apply 61$ Sixth
street.
WANTED— General tailor for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
BRIGHT boy wanted for Jewelry store; state
references. Box 1737. Call.
WANTED— Drug clerk. 138 Eddy St.: call about
9 a. m.
YOUNG man to work In fruit store. Apply 13C2
¦ Kentucky st.
BOY about IS. able to drive, to learn a trade-
state experience. Box 1732. Call.
STEADY and lunch waiter; no Sunday work.
17 Washtnsrton st.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial tnsur-
ance; 12-1. G-6. r. 6. 405 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Helper In carriage blacksmith shop
BAY VIEW CARRIAGE FACTORY, San
Rafael.
S-CHAIR barber shop, close to Market st. : one
of the best stands tn the city: at sacrifice.
; j Full particulars STOLTZ* 630 Market st.
GOOD nickel ami silver Dialer wanted and
burnisher on plated work. Apply «u Dennis-
ton Plating Works. «32 Mission *
- HELP WiXTED-MALB.
WAVTED— Master flagmaker. An examination
of applicants will be held at the navy yard.
Mare Island. Cal.. June 2. lWO. for master
flasmaker. at $1 per diem. The examination
will be c:wn to all comers who can give evi-
dence of experience in conducting the K.na of
work for which they seek employment and
who are citizens of the United States. Appli-
cations will be addressed to th«j^>mmandant.
navy yard. Mere Islan.l, Cal and must be
delivered to him on or before Friday. June 1.
No application received after that date will
oe considered. Each applicant w.Il state la
hi' application his name. age. residence, cltl-
-¦vWlD present occupation (statln«t ship and
position therein) and previous employment or
work done. Thp ar-rlie-tion must b^ accom-
panied by evidence cf ciMzenship and by ,-er-
tiflc' tf* p-eferaMy from previous employers,
ns to character, habits of industry an.l sobri-
ety a»-d skill 'and experience In conductlns
work of the kind rsquireU. JOHN D. LONCi.
Secretary o* the Navy.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Varine Corps. U. S. navy: abie-bodled. un-
married men. of good character, between th*
ares of n and tt years; not less than 5 fees
? inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In helsht;
must be citizens or the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become, citizens; able to read, writ*
ind swak Encll.-h properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruitlns
Ofn?e 40 Ellis st.. San Frar.cisco. Cal.. or
ISO K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
Wa s?rto t0 eighrw^rdaV" a rnd^nl^
2taE? social 'n S ducement3 this season; ; only
Institution in the world teachine thU trade^
map of city and Illustrated "talosue mailed
fr*e. MOLER'9 DARUEIi COLLEGE. «i»
Clay st.
WANTED-Strong boy to learn carriage and
wagon blacksmlthlngr; reference. 8ZS Har-
rlson st. ____-———-—
GOOD gardener for country place: "»*«¦ * 3 -
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth »t.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while w **l" n *> j f 5 *
to 50c. 563 Mlsalon at., bet. 1st and id »ta.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor: big money-
136 Eills st
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BE—V3CO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market gt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* 'to 1~ itnr
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. ««x
runs Denver House. H7 Third St.: 1»? laxg-
rooms; 25o per night; 11 to W P*r wee*.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdressln*. at 8.
F Barber School. 7«A Howard it.
GENTLEMEN'S FUlts to order. U Pjr^* 11 - ¦*
cash prices. X. Y. Tailoring CO.. 1*5 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary teamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2« Bteuart,
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 ThSrd St.. near Mar-
. ket: "00 rooms. 25c night; reading room: freej
'bus and baggaje to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to Sc per night: 75o to *2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements Hnd subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia »t. ,
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Ktc — i^or Snlei
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Caaty
ranch Just In; from *2O up: « blacks, t
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2173 Market
st.; Castro-st. cars, pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOILE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 1 good driving horse; 6 years old;
bargain. Call N. E. cor. 13th and Guerrero.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carrlasc teams. DAlr*
ZTF.L. Vet. Denti«t. 605 Golden Oat* ave.
noi'SKS TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. n. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ELEGANT, sunny new house of 7 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable. 7^5 Castro at.
BROADWAY, 1316. near Van Ness— Sunny 7-
| room house.
' 6 ROOMS, bath, yard; modern improvements;
rent JIG. 273C 2C. St.. b*t. Tcrk. Harr.rshire.
I LAGUNA. 171i-1717— 8 rooms each and bata;
| modern, nur.ny; convenient: rent reiuced.
i M ~~ — ~*~~ — m ~* "**" ~* ~~** ~* ~~* ~~* ~" "~"~?
HOUSES TO LET KIU.MSHE il>.
HAXDSOMELT furnished "house; 3 rooms' and
bath, piano, etc.; everything new; very rea-
sonable to responsible party for the summer
months; references required. 40C4 Seventeenth
st.. near Castro.
CALIFORNIA, near Van N*S3 ave. — U'-r->oin>
house, comr'lj'tely furnished. Call lllj Pi?t.
LOST AXD FOlNi>. •
LOST — A passbook with the Ilibernla. Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th<»
«ia— e of ANTIIONT MURRAY. No. 1«?-1«:2.
The finder v.'ill please return to bank.
LOST — Yellow Tuscan and black hat, la
' "Keith's" banlxlox. from Jackson-at car.
Please return to KEITH'S. 8CS Market »t. ;
reward.
LOST. May 5— Black greyhound puppy, dog, 5
months old; white ring arouug neck. Ml
Twenty-ninth st. : reward.
LOST — On Market, rear Eiehth. Sunday. 11 a.
* m., .whit* terrier bitch: reward at 1JU7 Mar-
ket st. T. P. SAUXDERS.
LOST— Receipt book containing SCO shares Im-
perial mtnlnsr stock: reward. Ill Larkin st.
LOST— On the 2 o'clock broad-ctause boat. May
25. lady's pold huntinjr-ca3o- watch, with mon-
ogram N. E. B. back of case; set with dia-
mond, ruby and sapphlr". Firvler please re-
turn to 1S23 Ninth St., Oakland, and recalv*
liberal reward.
LOST— Bank book on the Hlbernia Hank, in th«»
name of MRS. ANN MeDANIEL. Finder will
return same to the Hlbernla Bank and receive
reward
a:cpiCAL.
DXIS. GOODWIN. th» well-known ladles* pny-
elclan. fennerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; saft aad
reliable cure {2: hare treated thousands o£
cases with success: 15 years' practice In 9. F. ;
maternity home: low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DO.N'NELL. the world-renownext
ladles' specialist; aa(e and reliable; has prs>9-
tfeed In B. F. for years; treated thousands o£
caies successfully; treatment can ba used at
home: consultation *re«. "Writ* or call at
1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; IS yrs.
practice: home In confinement; treatment aS
' office, IS; any ailment; consultation tree; con-
fldentlal. 94i Post at., bet. Hyd? and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist — Guaran-
t?*d treatment at office. J>; consultation frea.
USX Market St.. b»t. Mason and Taylor; orflc»»
hours 9 to 5, Sundays 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market: ladies' so«.
clallst: treatment at offlce. tS: consultation
free: hours 10 to S. Phona Jessie 27.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1£3 Markit; ladles*
physician: chronic diseases treated; Uta
scientific methods: treatment. 11.
DR. NO TOT KEE. lata of Canton. China,: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; saal->
tarium.704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny:advtce fre».
NICE reliable home for conflnetneai: reasona-
ble. M12 Folsom St.. MRS._QR. PFEIFFSH.
T. S.-DR. WISE & CO.. th« ladies' specialists
111S Market St.; every case ruaranteed: $5 npw
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife: rr!vat» hum*
In confine— ent for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private tto— ,•
In confinement. 1311 Golden Gate av».
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treat* all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mason at.
atlSCKLLANKOrS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enstnts. :-baad macs'.nery Mc-
1NTOSH £ WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
A— IJUTTS. sells or rents Rear ro&chlaery. •«-•
Kines. boilers, water p!p«. ttsk: iUn«. pul!«ra»
•te. whit EL AW. n* Spear «t.
BARS, back bars, m'.rrcrs. showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlc* furnltur* and
fixtures: nstv and second hand: w* *:w.iv»
have a large stock of saiocn outfits on Sv I;
22 complete cutnts on our floor, read? mad«-
** can »hip everything in U hour*, jr. NOO-
NAN. 1917. 1019. Ita. 13T5 MUsloa si.. Abov*
Slsth; —rite for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal us«; 4 foil
quart bottles, expressac* prepaid. |3 SO: noth-
lns on case to indicate contents' twice ta»
price could buy no better; mall orders sotlc-
lted. F. EPHKAIM A CO.. 13 Montgomery
A-13 50 DERBY and Fedora bats. {1 75. p»n-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny ,t.. n?. Pta£
IND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump- I. in.
'^iTtA M^fn st 81^ 1 — • * *
FINE ycun« parrot. Just starting la to talk.
fur sale cheap. Hi*. Powell st.
F Ttha^!Tir n * fQxterrler *°I»: cbe »P- *^i
M&'hi'nO-
W *5. r T at , tu . ! l -*r**» »nd Tuxedo suits far j: 50.
.Portland Loan Office. 13 Stockton *U
MAGIC lanterns. n*w and second-hand; moTln*
Pictures. BULLARD >» SP.KCK. ia Post st.
CASH registers of eTery description for sal*
acd repaired. 13S7 Market, bet. 9th and iota.
PORTABLE engine*, boilers: tron and wood
Planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Bnrbe. 133 B*aU.
A " NEW Standard Tyj>owrtter: latest model;
cheap, Tyrawxlter Exchange. 4C9 C*Uforni*.GRAND HOTEL.
J Q White, Ukiah ¦ Berkeley
J C Ruddock, Ukiah L. O BlukensUln. Chit
O H Anderson. S Jose E H Wlnship & w, Np
H Carey, Sacto {Mrs C LUHs, S Brbra
R C Rankin. Boston Miss Lillis, S Barbara
G -\V Gleason, Cal Mrs L M'Ferk-uson,U.V
L D McLean, Watsnvl C E McWUllams, N Y
M J Orammont, Chcgo E Cohn. Los Ane
M P~Morc«n, Seattle R Keith, Stanford
L E Jordan, Sacto H L McLeod. Portiad
H M Orant, Portland J E.Sloan i w. Sum-
O D Howry, Los AnRi merland
J T Baker, Easton. PajMrs.M P Mprsan, Crd
Mr« V. r Hussey, Bakrd P E Joselskl. Milwke
A H Sctmabel. Newctl J S Birch, Salt Lake
J R Hlprby. Honolulu' W Beerd. N Y
Mrs I-- r Morse. Mass A L €lernadine. Ind
Mrs D Goodsell, 111 P H Mack, Inyo Co
CM Baldwin. Sulsun J J O'.;nn, Inyo Co
Mrs A L' Cunnlnsham, J W Bowpn, Los An;
Oakland . - AM Maltby, w. nurse
Mr3 W Francis. Bufta and ch. Concord
WC Francis Buffalo H L Morris & W, Cai
Miss F Francis, Buffa C C Hart, w & p. Sac
J Lateman Jr. Phlla . T B Bond, Lakeport
O M Thumber. & wf;TH McDonell. Chicago
Chicc^o x K H Kuipper. Stanfr-1
J I LaRue. Cal W A Wood. Stanford
A P Shepard, Fresno A M Cutter, Marysvlie
R E Lntrd. -Iowa- jG V Casey, Honolulu
L t)u Pont Syle & wf, I -
PALACE HOTEL.
H-B Wood, San Jose Mrs L M Moor, Cal
Mrs Wood. San Jose 1" Hopkins, Menlo
P II Short. '- Fresno •'"" Mrs llopklns. Menlo
2 K Henderson, Ocden AC Luck,' Nevada
:: P Robbins. Waih J A White, London
It Baggaley. Pa N C Ooodwln, N Y
R A Bajrgaley, Pa , Mrs Goodwin. NT
A C Kingsbury. Pa ; MIfs Haskins, N T
Mrs Klngsbury. Pa I. von Rosenberg;, N T
L J Rose Jr. Cal U-H Deehl, X Y
P L Keck, N Y Mrs Deehl. N Y
\V B McKenzlo. S Dgo Misses Deehl, N Y
Mrs D'H Grouard, CaliF^mma Deehl, N Y
\lrs JO Harrison. ¦ TcxIA C Harmon. Cal
I." W Woodman, Maine K:'A .Wlllard. Boston'
Mrs Woodman, Maine Helen -Wlllard. Boston
B Mihalovitch, Ohio Mr* N A Eddy, Boston
Mr« Mihalovltch, Olilci Miss Gray. Oakland
Elsie Mihalovitch, Ohio VV A Junker. DelMonte
Annie- Ktser. I^os Ang 111m 1! Chanltr, N T
Mrs W V Mills. Mont Miss Livingston. X Y
F H RuiclB", Cal G T Leonard. N Y
Mrs Itul.lCe, Cal . .' . C D Dixon. N Y
OR Jourdsir.- London Mrs H Moorehpad. N* Y
N Stetson. N Y Mrs ?almcn. Chicago I
Mrs Slets-jn.N Y' . " i'. R Colby. X.Y '
Mlsn Stetson. X Y KB McNear. Chicago
Dr W F^Olunt, Texas VV W.Salmon. Chicago
pjr C X" ''a or tea.' Texas fir J B ilassia. Te&u
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
As- a "last precaution . the king applied
his nostrils delicately .to those of the rat
tler, and repeated th*t several times, as
if to detect the faintest breath. . Satis
fied at last; it released it» enemy, but stIH
watched.- ready to resume its hold at the
slightest "sign of life.
There I left him, keeping grim guard
QVer the body of his vanquished foe. -As I
And so the struggle continued, till the
rattler could not writhe freely, and he
was held as a vine wraps a tree.
1 cn he lay still the king snake began
to uncoil himself slowly, and at every
motion of his enemy the constrictot's
folds contracted and crushed with killing
effect.- Even when there was only a
quiver of :the tail, the king still gripped
the throat. -It was: plain 'he .had a whole
some reppect for the fangs, that were still
terrible. il |I^^WU|i|jwOT<itW JIM1IM t)f MW
I looked carefully and saw that his
anger was directed at a rattlesnake that
lay colled at the foot of the tree. The
snake was compressed into a ball, from
,the middle of which its rattle sounded,
continuously; its blazing little eyes were
fixed unchangingly upon those of the
squirrel. ' • i
. The buzz, buzz droned on the summer
air with a sleepy effect, but the squirrel
scolded in an ever ascending key. But
for the hint of the squirrel's eyes I could
not have located the rattler. His color
and his variegated markings offered but
little contrast to his surroundings. His
monotone of noise was indefinite, and to
sight as well as in souud, he seemed
only a blur on the background of dark
sand on which he lay. # ' • . |
Was the squirrel only curious to satisfy*;
himself as to the character of that
strange object, or was he hypnotized? I
have often amused myself by exciting the
violent curiosity of the little animal, but
never did a waving or jumping object
awaken such Intense and painful emotion
as the»rattler always demands.
I knew what must follow soon; that the
squirrel's cries would grow weak, that
he would grow dizzy, and finally tumble
from the tree, hang a moment by one
claw, and then drop into the jaws of the
living death. that lay in wait. I had
raised my rifle to save the little fellow,
when the tragedy was interrupted from
another quarter.
Swift as light, a form raced on the
stage. It was clothed in a gleaming coat
of beautiful white and black spots; i,t
Ehlfted and shone like a necklace of pre
cious stones, and I knew the king snake
claimed a victim. •
The newcomer was smaller than the
rattler, Its ground color was a greenish
gray and the spots scintillated in the
sunlight which sifted, down upon the
scene from the tangled branches over-
At the first rustle of Its approach the
rattler lost all' interest in the squirrel,
which ran back. Into the tree. .
The king snake Held his head high and
raced around the rattler" In a wide circle,
while the rattler tried to slink away. The
king darted forward as If to attack, and
the rattler threw himself into a coil. The
king was again away and racing around,
with a swiftness the tattler seemed un
able to follow with his eye. The rattler
was 'cowed already: his crest was low
ered his buzz, buzz was jerky and "un
even, and although he presented a very
different appearance from the self-con
fident arbiter of the woods which he had
ser-med when I first saw him. I oould
think of nothing but some human bully
surprised in the act of torturing his help
less victim, and suddenly compelled to
face an adversary worthy of his strength.
The king snake -seemed to enjoy the situ
ation as a cat does her cruel dallying
with a mouse. •
Round and round went the king snake,
and the rattler followed the movement
till Its neck was twisted. Whenever it at
tempted to turn the king would spring
forward, and it was evident that the first
failure of the rattler in swiftness would
be the signal for muscle to clinch with
venom. The king would race from left
to right and then reverse, and if the rat
tler failed to follow that would be the end
of him. • This happened, and I saw tne
king In the air, but could not catch the
strike,' so instantaneous was it.
There was a confusion of flying pine
needles in a cloud of white dust, and I
saw that two Inches of the king's coll was
about the throat' of the rattler. Over and
over they went, the • king's head above
that of his enemy, and a curve of his
body acting as a buffer to keep up the
motion which enabled him to take an
other turn and still another.
• I found the little fellow on the' trunk
of a pine about ten feet from the ground,
jumping about as if in convulsions. He
would flourish his tail wildly, scold in
asger, threaten an assault, run buck a
lltXJe way up the 'trunk, and then return
and scold again.
One day I was returning from a day's
hunt, at peace with the world and my
self, when I heard a squirrel scolding
as if it were a ward politician the night
before election. The noise he made was so
loud 'and insistent that I turned out of
my way to see what could be the matter.
In Florida we have two constrictors es
pecially noticeable— the black racer, which
grows to the length of. twelve feet and
makes a business of warring on rats and
other small deer the farmer hates,
the king snake, whose mission seems to
be the extermination of the rattler.
If the rattlesnake Is justly called the
king of America's woods and rocks yet
his crown is not held without danger,
since he is hunted diligently and success
fully. His fangs are, indeed, deadly, and
he wears a fine suit of armor, but the
deer and the wild hog never fail to attack
him, and he has an enemy of his own kind
still more dangerous to him.
Snakes may be divided into three classes
—those which are venomous, the con
strictors and those which are neither.
Unless the second of these are wonderful
for their size they secure little of our at
tention, and yet they are generally beau
tiful in c/>lors, most graceful In action and
often among our best friends.
Snakes in a Duel to the Death.
Methods of , the Rattler and the King
SNAKES IN DEADLY COMBAT.
Notes on Science and Industry.
Not a little attention seems to have
been aroused among Vienna aeronauts,
both military and otherwise, in regard to
the merits of Stenzll's novel flying ma
chine, recently invented at Haraour£. Tne
apparatus resembles a stork in tne form
or its construction. Tne cxpandea Wings,
measuring nineteen feet In length ami
Mve In breadth, are made of hollow steel
ribs, covered with very light linen. The
propelling power is supplied by an un
usually powerful electric motor, the ma
chine being steered by a birdlike tall,
consisting of two adjustable spades; the
motor, tne propelling power oi which Is
calculated to lasi turee hours, weighs
eight pounds, while the whole machine
does not exceed seventeen pounds in
weight. Tne wines will sustum a man
weighing -ISO pounds. The whole appara
tus is stated lo be easy to handle, and to
secure not only a rapid ascent but a safe
descent. The availaoitity of this machine
having been proved in several successful
trials, the inventor is now perfecting a
tlylng machine, which consists of an alu
minum raven, covered with silk. .
A method by wh/ch a jet of recently
generated hydrogen can be Ignited wltn
absolute certainty and without risk or
loss of time is described by C C*. Hop
kins in the Journal of the American
Chemical Society. As soon as the action
begins the escaping sas is collected in a
test tube, und," when the latter appears
to be lull oi pure gas, it is to be removed
two or three feet trom the generator and
the hydrogen In it ignited. An imme
diate attempt is then to be made to light
the jet of hydrogen with the hydrogen
flame contained in the test tube, and, ir
the gas is explosive, it will explode in the
test tube ana leave no flame — if, however,
a flame remains in the test tube with
which the jet can be ignited it Is certain
that the gas in the generator Is no longer
explosive. By adopting the precaution,
therefore, of never lighting the hydrogen
jet except with the hydrogen flame thus
obtalneu, absolute satety- can be insured.
In fact, attempts may be made to ignite
the jet by this method as. often as
thought proper, and, if the hydrogen is
properly generated, the gas will be ig
nited in less than a minute.
One of the most impracticable engineer
ing schemes, apparently, is that of tun
neling the Bosphorus. There is an enor
mous traffic between the two sides of the
Bosphorus, and the delay caused by the
opening and shutting of the bridge of
beats, which forms now the only means
of communication, is a great drawback.
A railroad company is now constructing
its lines on both sides, but this Is of little
avail until the lines can be connected.
Tunneling by the ordinary way is hin
dered by the fact that the water Is ex
tremely deep, with twenty or thirty feet
of mud at the bottom. In order to solve
the problem it is proposed to suspend or
float a tunnel about thirty-five feet below
the surface of the water, allowing unin
terrupted passage to vessels of the larg
est tonnage. The Golden Horn has no
tide. The tunnel is to be a wrought Iron
tube about ten feet in diameter and 1200
feet lone, and the gradient at each end
would be fifty. It would weigh about 600
tons; maximum weight of any train 400
tons; concrete and lining to overcome the
buoyancy of the tube 1700 tons, and water
displacement 2700 tons.
At a meeting of the Iron and Steel In
stitute, Manchester, Kngland, last Au
gust, an interesting paper was read by
Professor Wiborg of Stockholm, on the
use of finely divided ore obtained by con
centrating process. By the introduction
of magnetic and other methods of separa
tion, the power of enriching iron ores by
the removal of undesirable constituents
has been greatly increased, and the waste
in working in the case of magnetic min
erals considerably diminished. The ad
vantages were, however, largely qualified
by the circumstance that the concentrate
was usually obtained as a ponder, thus
limiting its utility; the question, conse
quently, as to how much material could
be best applied becoming one of primary
importance. In view of this. Professor
Wiborg has himself designed a furnace
for the conversion of pulverulent ores in
to spongy iron capable of replacing scrap
in the usual open hearth furnace, and it
appears from the experimental trials
which have been made thus far that the
process is a practical success.
Turning to account the successful ex
periment of pneumatic tires on bicycles,
an Italian, Signor Emico del Pablo of
Undine, has recently Invented. a very in
geniuos sole for men's boots on the
pneumatic principle. Under the ball of
the foot and attached to the sole is
placed a tube of indiarubber, somewhat
stiff, in horseshoe shape, with three open
ings, one at each end and one In the mid
dle, these openings being In communica
tion with the outside air by means of a
' channel leading from the horseshoe tube
'to the heel. When the foot is lifted, as
in marching, the horseshoe tube is filled
with air. and when It Is placed upon the
ground it is supported on a species of air
cushion, the air finding exit and egress
through the holes; thus there is a diminu
tion of shock and a perceptible relief
from the fatigue of the feet after a
long march. *¦ ,'
The application of liquefied carbonic acid
gas to the extinguishment of underground
fires or fires in mines has been explained
by George Spencer before the Institution
of Mining Engineers, says Nature. It
seems that at a colliery with which Mr.
Spencer was connected a fire occurred
in a heading as a result of a fall of roof
and sides on steam pipes. The heading
was built off with as little delay as pos
sible, but. notwithstanding all efforts to
shut out the air. sufficient reached the
seat of tire' to keep 'it burning slowly: It
was therefore decided to apply carbon
dioxide and for this purpose six cylinders
of liquefied gas were successfully used. It
is not assumed that such a method can
be successfully applied to all fires; but,
i for instance. In case of fire on shipboard,
the use of carbon dioxide might prove In
valuable, being quickly applied, and sav
ing much damage by water. .
Hopes are entertained by experts in the
electric lighting industry xhat a .valuable
substitute for platinum has been found in
an alloy of nickel and steel. By varying
the proportion of either metal an alloy re
.sults with almost any kind of coefficient.
Thus, when only a small proportion of
nickel is employed, a coefficient of expan
sion between that cf Iron and that of
nickel Is obtained; with, say 23 per cent
of nickel, the coefficient expansion of
brass Is reached. As the proportion of
nickel Is then increased the coefficient of
expansion progresses until, on the. nickel
reaching 3? per cent, it becomes practi
cally nil — beyond which an increase again
takes place until, with 43 per cent of
nickel in the alloy, the coefficient becomes
equal to that of platinum, and the result
Is one of importance to the electrical in
dustry.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, May 21.—
Charles H. Allen, Governor of Porto Rico,
is really Governor only in name. Accord
ing to the provisions of the Porto Rico
government bill he has not the power to
act without the Executive Council, and he
has no Council. His desk is heaped with
petitions, complaints and suggestions.
Delegations of country people march from
an interior town perhaps twenty miles
away. Some ask for work, others for
bread; all tell a tale of* starvation. The
Governor's private secretary attends to
them arid they are turned away diplomat
ically.
Since May 1 the people of Porto Rico
have been waiting expectantly the^PresI
dent's appointments. The Treasurer, the
Auditor and at last the Secretary of State
are accounted lor. The other appoint
ments are not made and the general sup
position is that they will not be made un
til Governor Allen returns to consult with
the President. Governor Allen said yes
terday that he had received no summons
from the President, and it is the general
opinion that he will return on June 1.
Postoftice Inspector Sinclair and his as
sistants have taken over the former De
partment of Posts. They are examining
the books and up to this writing have
reported no irregularities. It is expected
that everything will be found shipshape.
¦The school term will tlose on June 25.
The Educational Department has accom
plished wonders during the past year, aK
though it is still at loggerheads with some
natives who do not take to the American
educational system. Over seventy Ameri
can teachers are employed, mostly young
normal graduates, wherein lies the
trouble. The natives claim that native
teachers should be employed; and if that
should be done' the growing generation
would not be learning the Kngllsh lan
guage and the schools would gradually
drop back Into the old shiftless Spanish
methods.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
Hands of the Executive Tied by the
Terms of the Congressional En
actment Providing for *
Civil Rule.
Charles H. Allen Governor
of the Island in Name -
Only.
SITUATION IN
PORTO -RICO NOT
YET RELIEVED
turned away the voice of the" squirrel In
the tree broke out again, saucy and de
fiant as it always is, but no longer tilled
with agony- and terror, as at first.—
Youths' Companion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
13
' SPECIAL NOTICES. |
LADIES-Chichester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the -best; safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for 'particulars.; "Relief 'for
Ladlos" in letter by return mall; at druR-
Bists. Chicheetcr Chemical Co.. I'hlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. ESSO.
ROOMS papered from $": whitened, il up:
r»lntlr.g <lon«-. Har'.innn Paint Co.. 31? Third.
SEWIMi MACIIIM^S AM) SjL'I'l'IilKS. |
ALL klrds bouKht. Fold, and repairlns guaran-
teed. Cfcas Plambeck.' 1313 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaint, boughtl §old; machine sup-
plies, ixtandanl Agency, 143 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, cold, exchanued. rented;
repairing at lowest rate*. IC*. Fourth st.
STAULKS TO LIST.
suitable for milU depot; 525; water
free. l?f.3i) Mission st. 4
STORAGE AXI> AVAIH3HOIJSKS.
¦U'lLPON KRO?.. ftorago and moving; covered,
vans. Tenth and Market: i»hone South 762.
BEKI.VS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st..
tel. South ZZZ — Packing, moving and storag".
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storaca and Furniture Movin.tr Com-
pany. rS20 Fll'more'Ft.: rhone .Tnck<;rn HU
T Y r K Will TER S AX I) SU1UM.IKS.
GHEAT BARaAINStlN/.TTPBWRITERS^Wei
rell better machines for less money tnan any
house fn the city; rentals, (3. The Typewriter
Hxchange. S3S California, telephone Main 26g.
ALAMEPA " ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMCDA HEAL KSTATK.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains; or.e-flfth cash; bal-
ance In I, Z. 3 or 4 years. Alamcda Savings
Hark.
BERKELEYMERTISEMESTS
UERKELtiY It ISA I. ESTATE.
$4lfO— Elegant modern home; 1 block south of
U. C. ; up to date ir. all details; terms to suit.
$1000— Modern cottaee in S. Berkeley, with
TC-ft. corner lot; a snap. "
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway,' Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
J2SD— NEAR Fruitvale and electric line of car*:
125x115 feet; $10 cash and $10 per month; no
Interest: see owner. A. JOXES, 13S Mont-
gomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
i OAKLAND ItEAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Saturday. June 2. I p. m . at salesroom.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
EXECUTORS SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court:
No. 1.
Starr estate. S. E. cor. Fifth ave. and East
Tenth ft.; elecant (Starr) residence; 13 rooms;
furnace; etahie; lot 125x149 or 2WX140; location
choicest in East Oakland.
No. I.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS.
"Adjoin'ns above. N. E. cor. FUtth ave. snd
East Ninth St.. Clinton Station: gppos>ite elegant
mansion of \Y. .«. Uondfellow; In 4 subdivisions.
37:6 and 50x140 each; don't fail to tee them.
No. 3.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Waters estate a W. cor. Tenth and Webster
lets.: f.0x75; business lots for stores or flats; 2
blocks of First National Bank (Tenth and
Broadway); lot is outside of new nre limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE.
1310 \Veet st.. Market or narrow-gauge sta-
tious: S rooms; modern: curly redwood finished;
mantel.-, gas. etc.; 3.'<xl00; only $300 cash, bal-
'^KAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK.
T6S and 76M* Kast 12t,h St., bet. loth and 16th
aves.; 2-^tory brick building; store and upper
flat; lot 2SxH0 to alley> terms cash.
INCOME FLATS.
S. E. cor. Sixth and Castro sts.. Market-st.
station ; modern bulldingr; each 5 rooma, bath,
gas, mantel; brick foundation; lot 37:6x75; fine
location for gtore; only $100 cash, balance five
yearly paymerts; rents $27 50 month. .
EASY TERM /tESIDENCE.
677 Sixth Rt., near Castro, adjoining above; 2-
story. 9 rooms and bath: brick foundation; lot
37:Cx75; near Market-st. eUition; only $300 cash,
balance 3 yearly payments.
ADMINISTRATORS SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court.
S02 Franklin St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth; cottage
of 5 rooms; lot 25x75; only 2 blocks of Seventh
and Broadway; rent $12.
ELEGANT 9-ROOM RESIDENCE.
46* Merrimac (or Twenty-eighth) St., near Tel-
egraph ave.. on beautiful McClure Heights;
modern in every respect;, lot 63x110; bank mort-
gage $40CO can remain: must be sold.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
W, Fide of Adeline 8t., 125 feet N. of Eighth;
S0xl2S:3; choice location; Adeline station.
SAN PABLO AVENUE LOX£.
N. W. cor. San Pabli. and Bonton aves..
Golden Gate station; 3 lots, 46x100 each; location
for stores; new electric line and Santa Fe Rail-
road will treble value; half cash.
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY COTTAGE (CITY
LIMITS).
•S. side Benton (or Sixtieth) St.. 300 feet .W. of
Grove-st. line; 2 blocks Lorin station; 8 rooms;
porcelain bath, mantels, finished basement; cost
San Francisco merchant $4CO0; 50x135; new flat
loan I2C00. balance- cash: a snap.
HOME NEAR TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
¦ THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.
E. side Ruby St.. 200 feet N. of Moss ave. (or
Thirty-eighth ft.); modern; bay window; 7
rooms.bath; cement basement; extra fine barn;
lot f-flxlOQ; choicest shrubberies; new flat mort-
gare $1500. balance cash.
RESIDENCE 33D AND GROVE STREETS,
i 6S3 Thirty-third st., near Grove; modern; 2-
; story; 8 rooms; lot 36x100; $500 cash.
Remember date. Saturday, June 2, 2 p. m.
AVrite for maps.
Call and be shown properties. '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
Office and salesroom 460-462 Eighth et., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
AT \1 *OTIO^
-V X -A. I , t , X 1 (_) /Si ¦ i
$750 WILL buy a 3-room cottage, new barn,
v.oll-appolnted chicken houses and run. 3
large lots, fruit trees, assorted and in bear-
ing, flowers In profusion, vegetable garden,
fine well of excellent water, a cozy home and
fine bargain; Allendale Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; SO families. now located and growt
ing rapidly;' near a fine school, electric car
lines and a 90- foot wide boulevard; call or
send for circular. 453 Seventh st_, near corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONE3. Owner.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th «t..
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Slx-
teenth St.. East Oakland. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE!
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements,
SAN LEANDKO REAL ESTATE.
$4000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. San Leandro. . • - ¦ - ' ¦" ¦
D1YIDEJVD NOTICES. ~^
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 105 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of tha
. company, 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day. June 1, 19C0. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 2£. 1900, at 12 o'clock ni.
¦;--¦¦, w. D. K. GIBSOX. Secretary pro tern.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
i 'Lorenzo LanduccI, 28, 702 Front street, and
Eurtchetta Landucci. 24, 2«21 Clay street.
Frederick \V. Blanch. 23. 1225 Pine street, and
Mary J. Mitchell. 20, 663 Harrison street.
Amendus T. Gantner, 27. 1114 Treat avenue,
and Catherine Wichmann, IS. K9 ¦ Eleventh at.
Walter Mnclndoe. 3S.- 270G Mission street, and
Elizabeth Nixon. 28, Twenty-second .and How-
ard streets. . - •
Frederick Jackson, 25, 112 Eighth street, and
Frances Lawler. 25. 112-Elsrhth street. "
William Kllnn. 29, 138 ¦ Elehth avenue, and
Mary S. Bates, 23, 272S Greenwich" street.
Joye-ph Cayere, 2S, 421 O'Karrell street, and
FrancoUe Pebeller. 24. 421 OTarrrll street..
Nicholas J. Thornhlll. 21. 575 O'Farrell street,
and i;thol 1.. Marshall...!?.. New. York-City.'. ¦•
BIRTp— -MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
BORN. .
SMITH— In Oakland, May 27. 1300, to the wife
cf J. C. Smith, a soa.
BATLBOAP TRAVEL ¦ .
I Philadelphia |
| AND RETURN via g
j Santa Fe j
I ROUIBiii I
O Tickets Sold June r
* 12th and 13th good §
§ to return 60 days, o
I Office, 628 Market St, 1
<>!?— ; — '¦ "' " ; — ¦?o!
MILL. VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAW
. SCKNIC RAILWAY— Commencing . Sunday.
April 22. 1900. via Sausallto Ferry. ' Week
days— Leave San Fruncisco, 9:30 a. M., ;l:4i
P. m. . Sundays— Leave San Francisco S a. m..
9 a: in..'- 10 a. ' m.. It a. m.. 1:30, p. m.. 2:30
p. m. Wednesday. May 30 ( Decoration day»,
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausallto Ferry, north
- end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot ot Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
Ban Francisco. SI 40.
: 9If*CEI.L\M-Ol-S FOB SALC
I ¦ IS' 1^ ccacitrt phcsosTtph. irire reduced to
*l<*i ccmsen rtcordt. I2M. DACIGALUPl.
ri£ Market st.. San Kranclsco.
oNftMT «rl fi^nni-ksnii «:lct naoh!a»s bought
; -¦! eold. W. <\ i'.KN'TMAU, 1S2: MarWet Bt.
A lOfTOS! Fairbanks t<cale and f.re sr.d turj-
.- Ur tract *>:?. -Ifi CaJifcrr.'.a st.
:.«*¦"::.-— Xi-w »-.<: rr-coni hand. TUB HER-
MANN SAFK CO.. «iT-4;i Snrrr.msr.to n.
. CKCON»-T1AM> flr-rroof fafe; 1 fire and burg
isr prop; tMU; cheAp. 45 Ma'.n tt t
.SAFTS-New and sr-crrd har.d: all BIT"*. TUB
•/¦¦¦WAIT/. PAVE. lOS-lll alartoH s t.. S.->n Fran.
<Ni; Flirlipr; 1 piaocr anrt inatch»r; 1
p.ir ror:;nv?f r: 5 locotacUvf. "0 Fremont.
A VTEEK'P n«Tr«^or 3 c<?r.««. The W-^Sly Oa'.l.
1* rse»f. ir for tnaiilrnr. tl I>^r v»sr.
MISCEL1. IXElttS WAXTS.
\VAN'Ti;D-SecTT-id^TTi^rVsTh^and doer* ch»ap.
Address box 172?. Call o-flce.
I.AtrNHRVMnN- wTntod. wvond-hanil bosorj
iror.er; ptito price and r.iake. B^x TT3*. Call.
¦ "R'ANTKD— Second hand upright pla-.o for
<~n*h. H. T. V.'HlT"HrAl\ '.T'^ Market «t.
MOXEV TU LOAN.
HEIP.3 to. unsettled eUates !r. prctate can re.
celve cash a; once: a!.=o f.rst or eecond mort-
vuf- ican« en r*"al estate, larniture and
plar.oo; no retnovali prompt dealing: no
charge unUsa loan !a rranted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. ronai CM. Kxarr.iner buildlnc.
ANY prepoaitlcm, any ¦mtatf: ¦ per cent: flrst.
teccr.d agtogi, estates In r*obate. Interest
!n enatcy, ;ceaci««, enrporatk-n loan*, chattel
tr.ortf h^"??: cenfldentiai: advice fre*. G. E.
PLSEK. rocw 15. first flcor. Chronicle bid;.
ANT sra^urt at « per cer.t; !s:. ;d and 3d mort-
ca ; gVs. ur.divi.led St:tcrest. real estate in pro-
'•tatfc; xaortsa«e» »nd lrcacies boug-ht: no de-
• J»r:iret w.y l»rm« before <tolng lvjs'.nes* else-
: fifser-- K- MKXHUQAN. 14 Mor.teoraery. r. J.
" HI<3Hi<"T rospectablo prU-ate p'ace to cbtain
j:i*ral advances on dian-.ends, Jewelry at low-
est rates.- Balflwln Jrwelry Store. g« Mark't
St.; tet: Main 1M4. Branch 13 Third st.
. NOTICE— Piedces o f the Mir.t Ixran Offlee. 14
KifTt et.. are trar.st>rr*».i to TV. J. ll»sthal,
10 £Jxth St.. wh»>re the business will l>e con-
t!r.u«l. T. LVEELSKI.
• ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
- -.furniture or pianon: no removal: any amount:
• ,' lcw«t rat»s. BECKER & CO..;* Mon«omfry.
.;'..¦ MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
.. watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 1C Sixth;
'.'. ¦ :h;^he*t price Tor"old gold, silver, d'amonds.
-' AST amount by private party cr. furniture and
.'.' . pianos; no removal ; low rates; oor.ndentlal.
¦il . rBONELM, Conservatory b:dg.. 130 fowell at.
;. ; AT Hfi Kearny et. room 9, re«pectab'.e prlvatt
¦place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
•'-¦". rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 9SS.
'•¦' OX furniture and pianos without removal: quick
. • «.ervlce: money direct; lewest Interest. Rooma
.•."":¦¦ tS and a. Pcmdxx bulldics. H"0 Market st.
. .IjOANS made en furniture at I<4 r*r cent; also
;¦; ¦'-•Joans to salaried p*op!e. HARSEBARGER.
'-.'¦; :\TS2 Ellis rt.. room Sf
. SION'KY loaned Bclar'ed people without security.
i '¦ . HILLi, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchnge, 431 Calif.
'¦¦••TO salaried r^ople; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tcusley Co.. t2l Parrott big.
CAFH Io*n«"d to salaried people en note without
Indorawr. MORP.ELL, 609 Examiner bulKlnj;.
OJC furr.lture. pianos, without removal; no
-xcrasEission; prtvate. LICK. 11« McAllister.
IF vcur property ts mortfrapfd and you need
mare money we II. MURPHY. CZO Market st.
TO falaried men without collateral or indcrser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 14S Phelan building.
MONEY WXMED.
WANTED — At once, improved income city
property. fir'W to J^X»0. for cash, at SPECK
& CO.' P. fr~7 Market tt.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEVTS.
F1AXO8! PIANOS! pTaNOS!
t^. **3, tm. Jim.
I1SS; upright: e&ey payments.
tjmphonion music boxes from J14
to J10C, knd evcrythlnr In the music line'.
S. F. ML'SIC CO. 225 Sutter rt.
PACKARD PIANOS— Beat the world.
)'.<<kird orona — are the best,
r^fe tnd r.^ar them when you're ready.
i!r:r.s your cash: we'll do the rest.
MAL'VAIS'. 7« Market St.
OLTSIPIA eeir-flavinK music boxes are the
latest and beet; any Myle sold on Installments
if you haven't the cash to sj>are. Z. MAU-
¦¦-¦ VAiar Music Store. 76J Market st.
DEcTCER & SON Dianoi>, «tablish<-d In 1«3S.
are as reliable in t"D», action and durability
*- any piano can li<> made. Scle agency,
MAfVAIP'. 763 Market ft.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
? very from ttelnway down to !ow-
rr.erts «rf easier than those of other dealer*.
Te are the people from whom you should
purchase; new uprlpht pianos, $8 cash, S£ per
rr.cr.tr:: ether pianos U. $? and jr. per month.
t HERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. li'-h-ry and Sutter eta., £an Francisco.
cor. Thtrtetcth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN <»x"pj-t!ona1 offT— Fischer. $80; Arion, $103;
CaHe. $:<w; Estfy. S1S0; finwt condition war-
rmcte£: mfv i^aymcnts. BETNJ. crnTAZ &
SON. 16 O'FarrcIl St.; Chlckoring, Stock,
Vow. Sterling. Curtaz piano*.
AP.SOLUTELY the oldest and l*rg'« house ;
vert of Chlcaco is KOHLER & CHASES.
?6. !>¦ and 39 O'Farrell *t. : pianos, crpar.s and
til other :r.--.- a! Inrtruments of all irrades
ar.d prlc 1 *: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
Ihinc possible <icr.e to p'.ease and satisfy ths
rurtcmer.
BARGAINS- A Tfw pianos will be sold this 1
t :• ¦• '•: for titorac* 1 : Bflell wanted (cash or In-
«ts!!ni'n!f). Wilson'e Ptora^» <"o.. lTln llrkt. i
A n::Al"TIFl'L J4'k> fcpright i Sano. not us*d a ,
»jf! be sold immediately for $123;
owner leaving th» city. Room 12. Flood bldg.
A— STE3WIVAT a|»l»ht: fine condition; very
-hep.p. nRI'KNN. 20$ Post St.
..V • 'WANTED-- li F'luare ptmaoK, six organs, for
antnr sriioetta. BYBOX MAl'ZY. SOS Post.
::' CASH wtH TOirhaw a fine uprlrht; cal! I
at rr.ee. HSI Van N<^» ave.. room 7.
A STEIVWAT. *l€0; Installments f3. $5, fi. $19;
rrnts %Z up. HEIN'E'P. 136 Ellis st. \
eCtJOSKB. & CO.. Kjtoc Ka-jzy Piano*. ICs to
.S12 Pout Ft.
¦orif(r> Fifchcr; pr»at bargain. SCHMITZ. t«
..•; 'UcAlii'ter st. r."xt Hi^rnis. Eank.
. Si".- G. P.ATJGKR. (S Sacramento st.. a*-nl lot
' Francis liaccn anl Ha'.i'i! & Uaivta piafion.
''. ei'PKRIOR vinlir.K. zithers, old and n?w. H.
VKLI.ER. tr.ak'r. rcpslrer. : UaVtlwia P'.ace.
OFFICES AMJ «TORE« To t,«-«.
j?TORK to >t; corner Twentieth and Folsom; i
tire p'.ace for bsrl«er rhep; rent T12.
PALMISTRY.
;" : W.'. Neersaard, Pres. Et. G»rmaln Collet* of
... • Pa'.c:iitry; reads 1 to i. €1S Geary, nr. Josei. j
-.; ' ' H.'JETTOMC FC-isELLI. scientific paljrlst. £15
¦"•¦ ; Tayior s;.. Y~t. ijC-iryftPon; ph^ne black Ml.
PERSONALS.
; -.AJS.' Aascxteaa business man. SS, would like "to I
¦ .'-' ' o»<rt wf li-^ducatcd, refned business lady not
'.' ¦' civ»>r 25; ctject niatrlmony. Address box 1742. I
,--: Call. :
:-;• AC».r>EMY frr the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
INCJ: a:i diseases ar* rurable: WITHOl'T |
- : DRUGS, WITHOUT OPERATIONS : consulta-
tion free. DR. \AM. SCHMITT. 627 Post et.
i 'Vtf— BAJIIES' tlto** fcr Soc a pair at tlic Bee
Hive Fho* Co.. 717 Market st.. nr. Third.
• L-nnERKR. the popular hairdresser.
*vi»!,ts it distinctly underfitocd
that he dws not fharce «xtra
• for Ths very !*!»« and r.«v.est
rtjfaa ot )'.air<lre»*!njr. in fuct,
he has but one price. 2^ rent*.
Call ad prove it. 12! Stockton mt.
CEMETJCRY fences; '.atxest stock. DOUC-
LAfiF. 17;C Central ave.,\i\far Hush st.
KISS SHTXIKX. cl.iropodlst and business «4-
v.cs. B> Market et.. recor.d ' floor, room 37. «|
KLECTRIC liphts in every rocm— Winchester
Hotel. 4* Tiilrd ft., nr.ar Market; 100 rooms:
£:* to Jl 1-0 nrr nljjht: II ro tf. IS per week;
Iro* 'bus and bajjiape to itn<5 frtm the ferry.
AN decant eult for $13 Tj from Imported or do-
rnertic remnants. U I-E11OS. 1117 Market *t..
• . betw-en Ee\-enth and Hilfhth.
. II r you wish full value for your oast-cf?clcth!n;c
• call en B. COHEN. 1"7 Third: teL I^'ack 41^.
LADIES' and e«'ts' rartoff clcthlnp bought and
*o!d. EHverman. 8$4 rolsori: trl FoUoanlUL
¦*- KtTLL-DHtlPS and cthT euits bousht; nlm oli
cold. Portland Loan Offlc*. :." Stockton st.
• r>!:TECTIVE— Mcncrable; conCflentlal: eecrets
ir.violate. Address bcx 4M. Call office
- MATR <julckly «~irl»<l or waved bjr using Tal-
."¦" cott's Cwrlln* Fluid; bottl<»: druesrists.
:.'• CAST-OFF rlothhir. old roM and sllvrr boucht;
' ».-nd ycwla\. COLKMAN-S. V.i Kesrny sC
: rilOTOGRAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
\VfTlcan knflRts free; phcto Mipplies. Ilaclcus
rt-ui!lo. 11 <t»'i»ry rt.. rrour.d floor.
PliYSiCIAXS AM* •sintGKOAS.
•DH. C. C O'I.ONNI'1-l^-Offlce .¦»nd reridencp.
J f 71>4 Market et.. bet. Fixth and Seventh.
k RICE TreHtaietit 1 mcr.th to Introduce cur fa-
/ *• mou« rcmedifB. Till. POPE & CO., 35 Turk. I
CHP.ON1C ar.d crher <Hs*a»ci positively cared.
DR. GQRVIX, 6H Pine et., near Kearny. 1
HAIX.R0 AD TR A VEI*.
¦•iTTHr.rts i*4i it'it! tonPAir.
(Metric ftiHTKM.)
Trains !•»»«• mul ar« «lu«> •«• nrrlf* «•
NAM Fit **«'!*«'«*. <. ...-J-
(Uaui Lire, too: of M.irket Street.)
ts»v* - From Mat 13. 1901 - »«.ju»i
•T:OO» llrt.leU. Hutjan. Klmlra. VacsTOto.
Uuiasey «u4 a*cr*iuent<> .......... •7x|:>»
'TjOO* Sli*»f» Kxerru— Daria. William* ifor ',".'.
l.uMctt SpringiX Willowa. Kel
H'.tiS. 1'ntuxnA... ........:.;... •"««*
• ; ::m 4 M &t • Inez. S»n Ua:m>n. YaJlejo. 3apa,
C'aiut.g^amlSatita Uoa* *«il.1p
'H:»Oa IUtU. W .Midland. KulghU Landing.
Mar» ari:!«. imn lil«. . «?al3r
'*:«(•» AtUutio Kipress— Ostleu mu<l KaaS Marts*
•»::;«» .S*i. .In**, i.ifenmne. Mtuckt-.ii,
lime. HacrameiiU). Plterrfllle,
.M-tr-*»li»e. Uilcii. K«l lEluir MtlSf
•K:3»« Oafc. !»'.<¦. Chlnna (for Yuiemite).
H .hi.ra '';»•:«». *4il.1r
•!I:OO» H.j «»r-ii. KUM aud \Taf Ktatioaa. •! ls«»a
•:»:OV»* Lrs Aor~to9 . Cxfitn — Martlnm,
Tncj. Latlifop. M'.ocktoil, Mererd
and Vrevno *S]43r
•>»:3<l« V«lli.j... MarllnftZ anil W»j SUtiona 'Stl-Ip
•IO:UU> Tiv oterl«ii<l IJmitcd— Ogdea, Den-
ier. O-.»aha. Chlcap> ¦Sil!»r
•I !:'.»(>» Nil.*. IJ'ernrore, Mtoeiton. 8aera-
nii'iit.i. MeiKlota, IUuf.nl. Viaslla,
r..rtri»i!!n •«:l.'»r
•liooy ir<yi»*M«. Ni!a*aml \V»y SCatiooi. "J:i5p
tl:IM>i- >\<-ij.imutn V.itni K'r «•¦!<¦¦< 1S:O»*
•3:WUr IMj<ratd». Mir* ui.il Way Mtatioua. •»»*»»
•l:i»«»i» Maitliiw:. hmm Itiiimn. Vallvjo,
N»ptt. CaJMtiV*. Si»i.t« ICnta *Vi|.1a
•l:«»r llftrdA. V.'lnMW. - .HieramtnJO.
W'm»>Uaiiil. KniyhU I.aaJI'Ii.
Uary«vi!t«:<>»»tflla MOiii*
•I.Uup Ni:«,. s»n.l<.a»and Stuc^tuu *?t|.1r
*.t:w«r Tli.- Owl I in-itr.l-Trai-y. rieauo.
U.Lf rvrt-!.i. .'Mrijua ht »x:its l!at-
l-sra. l,i.» Aui;rlr» *9:43a
•.*»:(»!>- Frsti.u I'ai.wrj-r— iltrtlm t, I.ith-
rop. Stuck tun, Mrrot<t. l>irnd*
(i:»);n.n:<". for Yoseini'e). ?rinmi. . *l3:13r
•¦liSttr Xtn Jrl-r.n? Ejprrs» — llakeraflelt!.
Kniito !l»rl.«r». i.t.i. At-s>.-le*. Driu-
int.- KI !'ut>. Maw UrUaua and
V . East ••ia.1.
*.1iBOp .laula Krt K.iiiDi-- Miaiiiie Eiprtu
for Muja.a a.xl RM *«!«»
•a-.n-tr Har«ar<U. NiImaK<l Man Joal •*»*.¦»»
(ti:n»4- V»!lej'> *ia»ll»r
•«:«»,- urieitlal Mill Oj.lni. Carjenn.
t»>uaha. l;!iii-«i-> *ll>43*
¦S:OOr Orfoi.tal M*!i -( >j-! »n. Dsntar,
Omaliw. Chic\j:l # 4ll3»
17:«Or VaJlr<i>, l'..rt Coata ami Way HU-
Uuna tB:S3p
•MtOSr Orrj;.>ii anil i:alif->riti* Kihwm,h>c.
i:n>.rnt,.. Mar>»>ii:«. I;^.!U.,k.
fintUui. I'n^.-t M.MI..1 41..I |: a .t *S:l.ta
I'OtVI PtllHtA.1 <X«riii«? tewRt).
(l".K»t •¦( M«rk>-tS^reiil.i
t?:43a 3ant» Crim Eipiirsi<»>» for Santa
Cma antl l*riuci(>al Waf atationa :%:O»r
•»:!."»» Nerrark.tViitprfille.han .!<>•?. K.-lt.im,
UiHiMi-rJ'reli.Sa iaCi <:tmh\ W»j
Hutt«i>« ••;awr
tatl.ip Newurk. Oi.lerTlllt*. .Van .Itan, Nf>*
Ali.mi.iii. rvlttm. KniiMar Croek.
S.tiii* « rm ami I'rlneipal Waf
•Stuti.M,. f I ¦•:•¦>••»
*til3r Newark. San .l«»e, !^itfJ«tos 'H:»»4
iil:IAp filenwoxl. Feltor. t<»r.'s Cdi «»:3«i4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlH r!t»SSlb':U-?»«t •' »«f»« Slrt«t |Slt> I)—
•7:16 »OO IIUOt.M. 1133 «2:53 13.39
•1:33 15:00 *5:33r.u.
riiaOlUIKD — FmI »f Br»«l«»f.— *«.00 8:00 10:00*. M.
tI3:83 '1:33 >2.:3 ; 3:C3 M:Q3 -S:fl3r.M.
COAST DltlSlUN ( l:rna<( !:»««•).
_- ( li.lril and ioi»tn;M,i Su.)
? Oil«M (ice»n Vi«;«. Jj.mth »»u fr»ncinc>.. !•»»•#
t?:n»t.San .l»"t •ml Vinj Kt»ti.<iia (N«i?
AImiiw'.hii \VtHli.«*l»T*»iiij) 'lilBp
t*:a«» Sanday Rieiualon f r "in Ji:te.
Sjnt* Unix, facitic (ituts and
Principal Way SUU.ini tS:2.1r
• «•;<•»« Han .)•.»••. Tm l'ii><«, .s..nt* <*r>n.
r».Il;c «;i..re. rua ir .M.i. S»n
i.fiia <>I.I«ih>. Hnrf. l.otnpoc and
hrtttcfni] Way St»lS>na *t:ll)r
•lt»:io« San Jots and Way -Stattrn* •••.;:5«
•ll»:n»» ftKii.lfun.LniOatni.tn.l \V», -,UMm,t *3>:iMp
fill.-.,- H«n Matrn. l.-r.lw.o.!. Msnln Park.
Pa!.> Alto. hanlaCUia. Haw •>••»'>.
Tres I'inoi. Santa <.'ruz, Salimi,
Moti'eTej aii'l I'Koslic f!rn?« tio::i«\
f:t::n»- Sa:i.li.*««nd Way Stafiuna •?»»•»
i fl:l."ir ?.a i Jn««»:..l Prircirsl W»y sr»tf.m« '9tl.1t
! t»:Mr Snu Joae. hm Gatoa and Principal
Way Station. »»:•»»«
•5:3ni> tumJmm «'••< f rineinal Way .Stations t ¦::«-"»*
»i»:::«p SS»!,.I.,s» *i..i W»y Station* t":n<*«
«ll:4.'»p Sail .!¦•«»• a ml Way S>>U<un.
A Jor"MlTnT7»s~~~ P for Afternoon
•Daily. t Sm..l« rirvpted. I Xmida> only
J •Satnrrf«r a->* •••"••'•- - c -m,! 1 f mil Mon<t«t
! CALIFORNIA MRTRWESTERN 8Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C(». 11:00 a. m.: 12:1S.
X:30. 5:10. «:J0 |». m. Thuredays— Extra trip
at 11:33 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:»
and 11:30 p. rn. •
i BUNDAYS-I;M. »:I3. 11:00 a. m.: 1:JO. I.M.
&:00. 8:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 4:10. ':tO. »:20. 11:19 a. na.: «:«.
3:40. 5:1S p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at
1:55 und « 33 B. m.
BL'NDATS— »:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
B:0i. <:2( p. at. . .
Betw««n Sa.n Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•amp ichcdule a« ahov».
LeaTt J In EfT?et. I Arrtre
San rrandseo. (Apr. 15. 1900. j San Franclseaw
¦W><?k I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I day«. f Destination.] daya. I Day.
7:S0asi{ 1:00 im Novato. 10:40 ara| 8:« am
I:S0 pm! t:tO am Petcluma. t:05 pmjl9:2S am
6:13 pm! t:00 p-r. Santa Rosa. T:55pm; f:J>pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. 10:2S an
Hfaldsbury.
; Lytton.
' G»y»*rville.
I 1:JO pm J:0O am Cloverdal*. 7:35 pm 6:3> pia
7:10 ami | Hopland I [10:25 am
Z.V) pmj 8:00 ural and tTciah. | ",:SS pmj 6:20 ptn
.": Hi ) ! 10:25 ana
S:00 am Guernerllle. 7:35 pmf
3:S0pm ¦ 1 . . 1 C.iO pm
7:Wain! S;00 am 1 Sonoma f:15 amj 8:40 am
- * I and
5:19 pml »:C3 pm; Olen Ellen. »:05 pmj «:!'* pm
7:10 anil S:00am| !10:» amjl9:I5 am
3j3O pm* t:00 pml S«bastcpol. j 7:35 pm; i :20 ptn
Star's connect at Santa Kosa for XTark Weat
Frrinirs and Whits Sulphur Sprlags: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lvt;»n for I,vtton Springs: at
Geyaervllle for. SkarKs Sprln«»: at Cloverdals
for the Geyiers: at HffKland for Duncan
Spring, Highland Sprtnirs. KelseyvlMe. Carls-
bad Sprinrs. ?cda 3ay. Lakeport and Bartl«tt
Sprlnea; at Uklah for Vichy .Spmir*. S»ratoe*
Sprlncs. Blu- Ijike*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlnzs. - ITpper Lake. I'onro. Potter Valley.
John Day*». Riverside, titties'*. Buoknell'a.
SanhwJrln Hel«ht». HaH'.illc, Orr'a Hot
Bprinst. Mendocino City. Fort Brie*. Wsst-
port. UaaU . TVllllts. LaTtonvllle. Cummlna.
Bell'* Sprinza, Harris. O!»ea'«. Dyer. Scotia.
I and Eureka. .
' Saturday to Monday rsuad trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Bundir round trip tickets to all potsta\
beyond San Rf.fael at half ra»;s.
ticket ofnee*. 6S0 Market at.. Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITINO. , R. X. RYAN.
General' Manatsr. ' G»n. Pass. Atent.
| WORTH PACIFIcloAsf RAILROaT
- Via Sausallto F«rry. *
, Commenciar April R, 1900.
rROU SAN FSANCISCO TO MILL, VALLJaTl
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS— 7:C0. '8:30. 8:30, 11:00. a. a.1
12:45. *I:45. 3:13,4:1$. »y.li, «:U. 6:i0 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS-Fcr Milt Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Y.'ednnsdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:0O. •S.OO. 'IOjOO. 11:00. 11S»
a. m.; 11:45. *l:30. J:». «3:4J, 5:W. (:00. 7;J*
p. m. . . -
I ll:C0 a. m. does not rua to San Rafael Sua-
I days. ' * ' - ¦
j Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln. "• «<
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SA.V FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:35. •«:». 7:£0. «:40. 'ions al
m.: 1I:JO. 1:15. ?:15. »J:30. 4:30. 5:3!) p. m
EXTRA TRIPK on Mondays. Wedcesdaya
and Saturdmys at 9 t:K anrt 10;;0 pi m
SC.NDAI9- «:15. *«:00. *>:5». •ll:0Oa. ni. • •uo»
m.: ):C0. I.15. *3:3««. 4;J3. »y.iZ. «:45. 7:30. 1O:J«
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start frcm San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:iS. 6:45. 8:00. 8:J3. 10-iO a.
m.: 12:33. 1:45. 1:45. S:30. 4:a>. 5:C» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 nnrt l'j.ji) p. ra.
BUNDAI3— «:J5, l:«. }0:«5. 11:10. a. m.: 12:U»
1:20 1:1». 2:4*. 4:53. *:15. 7:(C. l0:C0 p. m.
TKROirail TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m." week daj-a— Cataderj and way sta-
tions.
Z'.\i p. in. Saturdays — Ciizadtro and way m,
tions; ¦ . ' ; -¦
S:li p. m. we»J:Cays {Saturday* excepted)—
Point Reyes "atd way stations.-
t:CO a. rn. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*. . _ -•• •'.
12:15 p. m. Sundays— Point Rey«s and »»»•
»u:!oni. ¦
WABASH"^
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
Fr.QM
1 Chicago, Kansas City and St. Loots
to
New York and New .fogland Points.
Finest ttitouKh train service, with polite and
' eouruoua employes. ¦ Stop-o(T allowed at (a*
Fan*, noaa c cli.ne. p. c p. Act..
.-- • ' . - Lo» AD[t:««, Cai.
C. 8. CRANE. C. P. AKt..
: .- .St. Louis. Ma.
jT'.'^L- Or. Gibbon's Dispensary,
yfta^^fc^fJlJoIi.rAr.STi ST. Estaollshed
i2FvF%z\ In 1*3 » tor the trentment of Private
Bfljk, Kf Disenst'd, Uvtt ManhiwHl Debility or
B$ffSfc*iiF°>m rti*f-ace •* earing on bodyand mind and
wSffiiBVfeia »kln Dia*^s»-5- 'rbedoccorcur<vtwb<>ii
¦CJa^aaaBBBH «l*>ers f*IU Try him. C!ur«(p low
ZflnmCnmcnarkntrri. Callorwii:««.
Dr. J, **. ulBBO.V, Box 1937,8an FtaacUca
DIED.
Anderson.' Nellie Fredell, Fredrlea G.
Baumparten, Joseph Hooper, Mary C.
Bird, Johannes W. McDevitt. SamuM
Brown, Edward R. McFarland. Thomas
Browning. Jeremiah MikuWki, Jendrey
Huckley. Honora Haunders, A. A.
-Connors, Robert/ Seark\ Capt. Robt.R.
Coushlin. AfMtc-Ilne Strause, Joseiihlne
' Dalej', Jennie , ¦Thomas, Capt. R. P.
ANDERSON— In this city,, Mav 27. 1D00. Nellie.
beloved wife of Charts Amlerron. mother of
IWdip Haskeli, daughtf r of Kllpn and the
l.ite Dav'.d Barn', and fister of Mrs. Annie
i»nii Delia McDevitt and William and David
Harry, a native of San Francisco, accd 27
years. . •
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at t':30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 307 Fremont street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BAUMGARTEN— In the City anil County Hos-
pital May 2S 1000, Joseph Baumgarten, a na-
tive cf Austria, aged 60 years.
BIRD— In Oakland, May 27. 1S00. Johannes W.,
brloved husband of Mary C. Bird, and father
ot Josie. Willie and Viola Kird. a native of
Sweden, aged 43 years 10 months and 16 days.
A member of San Francisco Camp No. 437,
AV. of AV.
(ETFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*.
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
Masonic Temole, corner Railroad and Four-
teenth avenuet;, South San Francisco, under
the ausniccs of South San Francisco Lod?e
No 21°* F. and A. M. Interment private.
Remains at the funeral carlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2CCG Mission street.
BROWN— In Los Angeles. May 23, 1300, Edward
R Brown, brloved brother of James S. Brown
and Mrs. Bradford 8. AVheeler, a native of
San Francisco, aced 32 years.
C^TNotlce cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at .the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and 23 Fifth s-treet.
BROAVNING— In this city. May 28. 19C0. Jere-
miah Browning, brother of Jacob Browning, a
native of New York, aged 69 years.
[T^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(WeUnf^clay) at 2 o'clock, from the Mission
Masonic Temple. WSS Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 16$, F. and A.
M. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains ct the funeral narlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2CGC Mission street..
BUCKLEY— In this city, at her residence, nil
Devisadero street. May 2<, 1900, Honora. wife
of Francis Buckley., a native of Nenagh,
County Tipperary. Ireland.
(T^Funeral services fromt^hurch of the Holy
Cross. Eddy Ftreet. this day (Tuesday), at
9:"0 o'clock. Interment private. No flowers.
CONNORS— In this city. May », 1900, Robert
Connors, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
COl r GHLIX-In this city, Addieline Ceughlin.
beloved wife of AVilliam CoughHn. and be-
loved daughter of H. M. and Mary Harring-
ton, a native of Nevada. City. Cal., aged 25
years and -4 months. >. .
D\LEY— In this city. May 27. 1500, Jenr.le Da-
- ley beloved sister of Sister Aloysius and Mrs.
D. AA\ Ryan, a native of San Francisco.
ALTA Parlor No. 3. N. D. G. AV. — Members are '
requested to attend the funeral of our late '
sister, Mi?s Jennie Daley, this day (Tues-
day), at S:30 o'clock, from her late residence,
1G16 Point Lobos avenue. By order of the
president. MISS MABEL MILLER.
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
FREPELL— In this city. May *.!7. 1900. at her
reMdeiice, 4068 Twenty-fourth street, Fred-
rlca Georcina, beloved wife of Charles G.
Fredell, and mother of Carl Frederick Fre-
uell, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years.
t3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from the Swedish M.
E Church. 12?2 Howard street, between
Klghth aDd Ninth. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HOOPER— In this city. May 25. UOO. Mary
Campbell, beloved wife of John A. Hojper, a
native of Bangor. Maine, aged 54 years.
(C7"Funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 9:45 o'clock, at her late residence, north-
west corner of Clay and I>a«runa streets.
McDEA'ITT— In this city. May 27. 1900. Samuel,
beloved husband of the late Mary McDevitt,
and lovlne father of Frances McDevitt. a na-
tive of Obio, aged 63 years.
(£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 444 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cr^s Cemetery. |
MeFARLAND— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. May 2S, 1S00, Thomas McFarland, a na-
tive of Ireland, 8ged 26 years. ;
MIKULSKI— In the City and County Hospital.
May 27, 19W, Jendrey Mikulskl, a native of
Germany, ased €0 years.
S.UTNDERS— Near Davisvllle. Yolo County.
Cal.. A. A. Saunders, beloved father of Rolla.
Freu and Theodore Saunders. and brother of
Mrs. Jane Hyde of Davisvllle. a natlve»of
Michigan, aged 73 years 3 months and 4 days.
SKARLE-In this city. May 24. 1300. Captain
Rcbert R. Searle, a native of England, aged
C9 years. . . .
(C?"Frlends and acquaintance^ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral uervices
Thursday' niomlnR. May 31, at 10 o'clock, at
Trinity Eoiscopal Church, corner Bush and
Gourh streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Ouklryid, Cal.
BTRAUSE- In Oakland. May 2S. 1900. Josephine,
beloved daughter of Solomon and Setehen
Strause, and sister of Moses, Asher, Herbert,
Bertha and Frances Strause, a mitivp of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 8 months and 5
days. -•
{T7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence,, 514 Eighteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain A'lew Cemetery.
THOMAS— In Berkeley, May 2S, 1900, Captain
Richard Parks Thomas, a native of New
York State, aged 73 years 9 months and 14
dayn.
C^Funeral services this day (Tuesday), at
3 o'clock, at his late residence. La Loma.
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
THOMAS— In Berkeley. May 2S, 1900, Captain
Richard P. Thomas, aged 72 years.
(T7 Funeral from his late home, Berkeley,
this day (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R. Friends and acquaintances. Com-
rades of the G. A. R. and Companions of the
Loyal Legion are cordially Invited to attend.
Take 2 p. m. boat, foot of Market street.
TOUXf! Men's Institute. — A solemn hlRh mass
of requiem for the repose of the souls of all
departed brothers of the Y. M. I. will be cele-
brated at St. Ignatius Church, on Wednes-
day morning (Decoration day), beginning at
10 o'clock. An appropriate sermon will be de-
livered and soecial music will be rendered.
Relatives and friends of deceased members
of the order are most respectfully Invited to
be present. ROBERT TOBIX.
President Board of Management.
P. E. HAYDEN. Secretary.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALKER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
COLMA, SAN MATEO CO.
0FF1CE. 916 MARKET ST. T.I. 8a. Ul,
Iin.il. ESTATE CITT FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6j7 Market St.,
Opposite Kearny.
Market ft.— Two f ror.tajres ; north side and
east «i<ie of Taylor St.: leaas about expiring;
incrcaFcrt r?ntal offered.
tTJ.OOo-Corner, rear Market and Jones; 75
fe*t fn»n'.age; rare buy.. -
$12,r<V!_ Kent"; 54^0: lot 50x137:6 feet; modern
bulldins; jiav? [OJper cent.
W2.0O0— Fourth t>t.. near Towr.wnd; 137 :6x
I":*: tvar rAilr'ia<l and warehouses.
$2«,Ci-ii~Vit initv Larkin and McAllister; lot
EfctXttS feet; two [rontacvt; rent^ J210.
I2S.t.f ! 0— Sixth St.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
etvj r.1 rrxiiy.s alicnr; rents SHOO.
iliJijC- Half block from Market and Steuart
s:*.: iirlrk lui!UI:ip.
S;2,ti"0--NintU st.; c!r>«^ to Mission; 3S feet
front: two Mores ami flats.
\Srco6-r.ents flild; lot lOOxl'TiC: PowcM-st. car
|7*S&_Broad«-my. between Huchanan and
\Vvbs.t^r *ie.: lot 24:«V2Xl32 feet: choicest resi-
dence site.
tCi-V-Six bay-window flats: rents S56; lot
<Sx7i: near Sixth and Howard its.
$6.;W_i;;;, Bush rt.: lot 30x137 :C; house of 14
roomp; mart l>e soM.
$r*rc— Powell st.: :hree flats; rents $61.
j<:/^._Pour fine flats; Capp St.; rents $40.
?;'?CO--4106 Twcnty-nfth st.. near Castro; store
and roorr.s: lot 1^x114 fct.
j;f<35_j>,r;ts $40; five flats; two frontages;
Valiejo »t.
J!750— 01 South Park: house and lot: 21x107:6.
A. M. SPKCK & CO.. C87 Market st.
IF rcu have property north of the Park, or
Horner'F Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of. then call on w. J.
Gl'NN. E30 California et. *>_
MODKRN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans »nd estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mlision rt.
REAL KSTATK — COtrXTItV For Sal*
FOT-: r.a>—3?0 »rr»s school land on Mt. San-
hedrin. Lake Co.; very ch»ap; best situated
for & summer resort. Box 2S85. Ca.Il offloe.
ROOMS FUR IIOL'SISKEEPING.
UL^H. ;S26~: eunny front room*; furnished for
lljht hcusekeepiriE; adults only.
CLAT. 24tl.' near Fi!lmore-2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; wafer; rear; rent 1~.
Et>DV. S17— Nice sunny connecting: rooms; fur-
nished; no children; rrivate residence.
ELL1?. S3>-Twa jmall sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms in rear; J5.
FIFTH 3:2— Suite of 4 rooms for housekeep-
, *—•
FOLSOM, S^:— I^arge sunny rocm; light house-
keeptne; Jl 50 week.
FOLJ'OM. S54— Larre sunny bay-windnw room;
kltohen: clot-cts: bath; everything priv. ; S3 2a.
FOLSOM lrs 1^— Sunny furnished alcove front
room for 2 for light housekeeping;.
GEARY. 4CS-Three nlee'.y furnished rooms;
rent J2fV
HARRISON. 731—4 rooms; furnished complete
for househe^pinB; large yara; bath; r»*nt S16.
HAVES, 4fil— Bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
bath. |35; or sell for $200.
HOWAPJ). 1C06— Two front rooms; bay window;
complete for housekeeping; private; cheap.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; $20.
LARKIN. 10134. near Post; telephone Sutter
24T&— 2 rooms; complete for housekeeping.
MARKET, 1S3S. bet. Eighth and Ninth— 3 front
sunny rooms; range; water; yard; $15 to J1S.
MARKET. 163?. bet. Eighth and Ninth-3 sunny \
rocms: rarire. water, yard; quiet place; $12.
MIS5ION. 3314, near Eleventh— 2 large, sunny
rooms; laundry and bath: no children; $12.
NATOMA. CS4. near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closet.
NINTH. 23SB — Two or three sunny furnished
rooms for houyekeepine: iras; bath: n»w.
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping, $10; single rooms $0 and $8.
O'FARRELL. 742—3 nicely furnlnshed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor. $18, $20.
gCOTT. 1614— Firet floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath, parden; $16; adults only. ¦
EIXTH, 11JA — I connectint rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, with piano; also other
rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 1S4— 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
STEVENSON. 2S3. bet. Third and Fourth-
Bnany housekeeping rooms, completely fur-
nirh»d: also single room* at i»asonab!<» price.
ST. JAMKS. cor. McAllister and Laguna— See
our select apartment house for families;
handsomely furnis-hed. sunny front suite. $16;
single large room. $S; modern fittings for
light housekeeping.
13— SMALL. lig!:t. unfurnished room: 3 rooma.
fS: location central. Particulars at • 342
Kearny st.
ROOMS TO L12T Porn, and I'nfurn.
A— BRCNSYiicK HOUSEi i4S~Slxth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
l!cht housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 2^) Post— Sunny corner suites to
gentlemen and ramilies: references given; ele-
vator; all conven'ces: tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 1426 Market tt. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nithed rms., euitea, single; also unfurnished.
j EIGHTH. 34B— Sunny furnished front alcove
room, suitable for 2: large closet; $2 per week.
j FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rcoms to let.
FOLSOM, ESS — Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; h'>t and cold water. "
FOLSOM. T65. ccrner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
sunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
i FOLSOM. SCE. cor. 6th (The OIi\vr)--Newly fur-
j niched sunny rooms, single or rultes; reasonbl.
] FOURTH. 222>i— Nicely furnished bay-window
I and single rooms; moderate; quiet.
! GEARY. (The San Jose)— Newly furnished
sunny front suite of rocms and bath.
GEARY. 405 «The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
I rocms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
! GOLDEN GATE ave., 23?. near Hyde— Nicely
i furnished frcrt room, housekeeping If de-
. fired; also single room.
' GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
•nd Mission «ts. — Sunny rooms, en soite or
slrgle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house: $1 iX) to $6 per week.
HARRISON, TS4"i, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 weelc up.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites: single; tran-
*ient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S2»-Rocm« from tl week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping roomf.
H<~>WARP. lf>72— 4 nice sunny rooms and bath.
JESSIE, 629, off Seventh— Furnished Oat; also
} roomt.
i KEARNY. 1P4— Front suite. 2 unfurnished
rooms. IIP; 2 front suites. 4 rooms. $13.
LACUNA. 51S— Sunny furnished front room;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
LKAVESWORTH, 1621— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
$10.
LOCUST ave., 125. near Van Ness and McAllis-
ter—Large furnished room for 1 or 2. $1 25 mo.
I MASON, 602— Nicely furnished single rooms.
I MINNA. /S7, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
i window room. $1 per week; transient.
i O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
.offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.,'mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms., suites or sin-
gle: transient; runnffrg water: rates reduced.
ROSEIJALK Hcusf. 313 and sy Ellis st.-Roora^
night. 25c to $1: week, tl iajLo $4; open night.
ROTAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis gt.-Incande«cent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
rarior; rocm«. per night. 35c to $1 10: week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $L'O: elevator on office floor;
looms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Arartmcnt House. 21 ElKhth st^
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 80— Front parlor. IS; small
room. $3; in irlvat* family.
STEVKNSON. JfiTU. upstairs— Nrwly furnished
locms; private family; terms reasonable.
Tlin DAKS. 11* Third— A cooil rooming house
fcr good people. P.. HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK. 54.*,— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping, with stove, gas and I
bath: J14. j
VAN NESS live . 401B— One or two nicely fur-
r.lshed roorr.s; corner; sunny upper flat; every-
thing modern; central.
CIIKAPKST *n<l be«t In America— The Weekly ;
r.ill. 16 i«f5, r»nt to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year for tl,
po»tn;» paid. ..
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter sts.—
rieu**nt tunny single rooms and suite*, with
board: fir«t-ela«. with every .convenience.
HAIGHT. 2C2— Sunny rooms, with board for 2.
$49; also pnrlor suite, with board for 2. $60.
LAS' FA LI! AS. lfcO Markft »f.-Kulte ot 2 or J
rn:*.: private; bath: fin. rmr: bc&nl optional.
NEW family hotel: exceptionally gcod In every
particular: rurr.n-.er intes. S<?7 California st.
VA*7NESS «vp.. 'M* <Thf Wallace)— Rooms and
br,a;-d- furnished and unfurnished: S20.
j noons wamed.
3 OI} 4 unfurnished rooms, with bsth; flat or
private house. Box 1<9$, Call office. 1Ladies Find
In Camellln<». an absolute preventive and
relief from the effects of tan, sunburn and
poison oak. Indispensable for the moun
tains and seashore. Refreshing, effective
and harmless. At all druggists ¦ •
Mayor Vetoes an Ordinance on Sub
ject and Suggests That Bankers
Pay More Taxes.
Thp Mayor vetoed an ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday which im
poses a license on "banks and money
brokers. The Mayor In his veto says:
The reason of my objection la that banks
should be licensed as at present on their gross
receipts and brokers as at present on . their
gross profits. . (See pages 117 and 118 of Gen
eral Orders, 1893.) fiy preparing a new sched
ule the city may properly derive an," lncreaoed
revenue from bankers. > Thirty-five- banks now
pay $4785 quarterly. The bankers receive ln a
special degree the ¦ protection of 1 the ¦ govern
ment. The police ; and detective, departments
and the courts, arc constantly employed .in
business arising'* out of the banks. : . •
The Supreme Court has . recently held that
certain, securities held by the banks, amount
ing to about J20.COO.000 In this city, are ex
empt from taxation. For thru? reasons I be
lieve: bankers' licences Rhould be i at least
doubled, v.hlch would yield : the city $20,000 a
year new revenue from this source. 1 . there
fore resubmit: the ordinance to your honorable
board for ita further consideration. Respect
fully submitted. i. -..- ..
. JAMES ¦ r>. PHELAN. Mayor.
FAVORS NEW LICENSE
SCHEDULE ON BANKS
To Try Boys' Cases.
Judge FYitz made arrangements with
Chief Sullivan yesterday to try all cases
against boys arrested for any offense.
The Judge agreed to open court at a
quarter of U o'clock every morning so
that the cawe of boys could be heard be
fore the oiK>ning of the regular court at
10 o'clock.
midst for years. We witness scenes even
now in that locality, though the 'upper
office' in the Police Department has been
changed. I ask you In a spirit of fair
play to stand by us and prove your
iriendship. It is not right that you
should repudiate this just claim for the
sake of paying other claims. Ours is a
prior one and takes precedence over all
others."
Chairman Jennings of the Finance Com
mittee replied 10 a question of Branden
stein that if the obligation was recognized
the city government would come to a
standstill. Brandenstein then asked the
Mayor to enllehten the members on the
proposition and to express his views.
The Mayor Is Fearful.
"When the last board appropriated $125 -
000 for the park." said the Mayor, "I had
to hold that it exceeded the $1 limit, but it
was put In the tax levy. It Is in the treas
ury now and If we were ln funds it would
be available. There Is. however, an ex
traordinary pressure on the general fund
1 have no advice -as to the legal status of
the case. Personally I am In favor of ac
quiring the park. It would, however, re
sult ln a struggle between the creditors of
the city and tne proponents of the park
and one side will suffer. It has been held
by the committee that creditors for sup
plies and labor should be given prece
dence. Mr. Reed's resolution, as I under
stand it, would onl" strengthen the hands
of the St. Mary's Park supporters if the
matter were taken to court."
Two Appropriations Made.
Attorney Shadburne argued that the
money for the purchase of the park had
been set aside and urged the board not to
divert it.
"There were two appropriations made
for tho purpose," said Shadburne. "and
one was taken away. The second time
the appropriation was Included ln the tax
levy and the money was unquestionably
raised for St. Mary's PaTk. It is the dutv
of you gentlemen of this board to stand
by the order your predecessors have
made. There have been some statements
that the money Is not !n the cltv treasurv
but we contend that every dollar of it is
there. A resolution was adopted by the,
former board directing the Finance Com
mittee to Include the money in the tax
levy, and any attempt to divert $1 of It
Is undoubtedly wronpr as a lepal proposi
tion. The opinion of the City Attorney
is clearly in favor of our contention that
the money should be used to purchase the
park, and I submit that you are bound
by that opinion to carry out. the provi
sions of the law."
Before the resolution was passed Bran
denstein askod Father Otis if he were
•wllllnp to release S^.OOft of the fund If It
wcro provided for In the next tax levy
Father Otis replied that pledpes had been
made before but had been broken. It was
discovered that no such pledge could be
given by the board and be of any effect
and the resolution was finally adopted '
How to care for Uelslan bares. Telia In Park
News every week. •
STRUCK A PASSENGER
WITH A SWITCH IRON
Frank Monaghan Tells Police a Story
of Being Assaulted by a
Gripman.
Frank Monaghan, a clerk, yesterday
swore out a warrant for the arrest of a
gripman named Beebe. charging him with
an assault with a deadly weapon. Ac
cording to Monaghan, he boarded the de
fendant's car on Sunday night, being ac
companied by two women. Beebe took
exception to some remark that was made,
and. picking up a swttchlron, he struck
Monaghan over the head, inflicting a se
vere scalp wound. Up to a late hour last
night the gripman had not been arrested.
WHILE George L. Center, repre
senting the Mission Federation
of Improvement Clubs, has been
Investigating the finances and
expenditures of the Phelanlzed Board
of Public Works, Max Popper, represent
ing the same body, has inquired concern
ing'the plans of the Board of Health for
the disposal of public moneys. Messrs.
Center and Popper had the same object ln
view, which was to find out whether, by
dispensing with sinecures, some money
could not be saved for permanent Im
provements. Mr. Center, It will be re
membered, found that to every $3 that
the Board of Public Works proposed to
expend for actual work on streets, school
houses etc., the sum of $1 was set apart
for clerical labor and salaries. In other
words. $1 wiU go to those holding soft
snaps to every $3 expended for the actual
benefit of the public.
Mr.- Popper has obtained from officiate
at the City Hall a statement of the sched
ule of places, salaries and general ex
penses that has been mapped out by the
Phelan Board of Health. This schedule
is as follows:
Health Officer. $3000; secretary and assistant.
J33W two clerks tJ2400 and *i*X>). »330C ; chief
sanitary inspector, J1S00; six health Inspectors.
jr>00- four market inspectors, $3600; eight food
Inspectors, »7200; bakery inspector, $300; bath
and laundry. Inspector, $900; chief plumber,
$1500- two painters ($2400 and $900), $3300; dia
tnter'ment inspector, $1200; bacteriologist, $1SOO;
toxicologist, $600; chemist and assistants. $3300;
veterinary, $1200; statistician, $1SOO; vaccina
tion, $120o; messenger. $M0; city physician and
assistants. $3000.
£mergency and insane department— Cnlef
surgeon, assistants, stewards, matrons and
ambulance drivers. $24,780; maintenance, under
the same heading. $11,960; total. $34,743.
Twenty-sixth Street Hospital— Salaries, $3660;
maintenance. $1CCO; total, $4660.
Almshouse— Salaries, $22,000; maintenance,
$iO,OC4); total. $72,000.
City and County Hospital— Salaries. $32,000;
maintenance, $58,0C0; total, $50,000.
"I got these items.'' said Mr. Popper to
a Call representative, "from Dr. William
son, and he at that time said that the
charter gave the Board the right to em
ploy all necessary employes and to pay
them salaries.. I will call your attention
to Section 5, Article 10, of the charter,
treating of the Department of Public
Health. It says that the board "may" ap
point, and so forth, but does not make
it compulsory for that body to appoint. ¦
"Dr. Williamson said tnat a superin
tendent physician was necessary for the
City and County « Hospital, and that the
board could provide One for it. The char
ter provides that the board shall fix sala
ries, but that the salaries must not exceed'
those paid for similar service ln private
institutions. I have been told that the
farmer at the Almshouse gets $M) per
month, his pay having been raised from
?(30. I would like to ask why the board
did that when the farmer has been satis
lied for years with $t>i) per month? The
civil service provision Of, the charter was
Ignored in this case. .
"I have reported to the Mission Federa
tion of Improvement Clubs that the food
inspection bureau could very well be abol
ished. It costs between JSCw and JIU.OOu per
annum. The food inspectors are not mar
ket inspectors. . No suggestion has been
made to do away with the market Inspec
tors, numbering four, who could do much
in other directions In addition to the du
ties now performed by them. The food
inspectors are supposed to investigate the
contents of cans and jars. In the absence
of State supervision the maintenance of
food inspectors at San Francisco alone
has no utility.
"Here let me suggest a question whicn
the Merchants" Association might well
consider when municipal salaries are un
der discussion, which is. "Do the mer
chants require as much help to sell $5'A>,tW0
worth'of goods as they do to sell J5.000.OX>
worth? 1 Would they provide elaoorate
machinery ior Going something before
they knew what they were going to do?
The figures concerning the salaries pro
vided tor the Board of Health tell their
own- story. The salaries alone amount, as
estimated by: the Auditor, to $l34,<Mi>."
Max Popper, Acting for Mission Fed
eration, Points Out Some Use
less Jobs With Big Pay-
Attached.
One Hundred and Thirty-
Four Thousand Dollars
for Tax-Eaters.
HEALTH BOARD'S
SALARY LIST IS
NOW UNDER FIRE
MONEY WILL NOW
BE USED TO BUY
ST. MARY'S PARK
Supervisors Rule That Fund
Shall Not Be Diverted
to Other Uses.
Bev. Father Otis Makes an Urgent
Plea for the Project— Auditor
and Treasurer Must Keep
Coin Intact.
«
THE Board of Supervisors adopted
resolutions last night declaring it
the sense of the board that the
money now ln the treasury set aside
for the purchase of the proposed St. Ma
rv's Square should not be used for any
other purpose. The resolution was Intro
duced several months ago by Reed, and
to make It more binding his amendment
directing the Auditor and Treasurer to
keep the money intact and not to pay any
demands out of It, except those calling for
payments on the land purchased for the
park, was also adopted. The vote on the
resolution stood:
Aves— Booth. Brandenstein, Connor. Curtis,
D'AncWDwyer. Helms. Maguire. Reed. San
"oes-^HotalinK,' Jennings and McCarthy.
Absent Duboce. Fontana and Boxton.
This action was taken notwithstanding
the unfavorable majority report of the
Finance Committee signed by Jennings
and Hotaling and only after earnest pleas
had been made by Rev. Father Otis and
George S. Shadburne of St. Mary's Square
Association.
In an impassioned address to the board
Father Otis recited the history of the ap
propriation of the $125,00 for the park.
Father Otis' Appeal.
"The last board," said Father Otis,
"through my personal solicitation appro
priated the money with the express pro
vision that 1 would not allow it to be
uf=ed for any other purpose If 1 could pre
vent it. Unless you show us fair play we
will carry the light to the Supreme Court
and competent attorneys have assured us
we will win there. We have already ex
pended $1900 of our own money ln . this
project, and If there is such a thing as
justice we have a claim on you to carry
out the compact made by . your prede
cessors.
"As to the legal point we have tho opin
ion of the City Attorney that the fund
cannot be used for any other purpose.
The majority of this board has personally
declared itself to me as favoring the pro
ject. I ask you now to support us in re
moving a nuisance that has been in our
EXPENDITURES FOR 1SOC-1901.
Booth's Amendment Submit
ted to the Board of Su
pervisors. ,
Ordinance Extending Pound Limits
to County Line Passed to Print.
To Select Site for New
City Hospital.
• >V ,
THE ordinance limiting the height of
fences for advertising purposes to
twenty feet was taken up at yester
day's meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors and read without any recom
mendation from the joint Judiciary and
Street Committee to which it had
been referred. Brandenstein stated
that the vote in the committee
stood. three for. ten feet and three for
twenty feet. Booth moved to amend the
ordinance to read ten feet Instead of
twenty, as he regarded the lower height
the proper one. McCarthy questioned the
right of the board to restrict the height
of fences, but the Mayor said that the
latest Supreme Court decision held that It
was competent for municipal boards to
SO legislate.
M. Heller addressed the board on be
half of the billposters. Ht said It had
taken a number of. years to build up the
business, liepresentatives of paper fac
tories, ink houses and other industries had
testiiled in committee that their profits
would be cut in half If fences were limited
to ten feet in height. He asserted that the
property owners regarded the higher
rences as more sightly than a vacant lot.
Keed stated he was unwilling to vote
against the property Interests ot any one,
but he held that the pecuniary Interests
of a few people were aione opposed to the
best interests of the city. He argued that
the representations tnat jjreat losses
would result from a ten-foot fence ordi
nance were largely exaggerated. No doubt
the rates for advertising on the ten-foot
fences would be increased as an offset.
Booth's amendment limiting fences to
ten feet in height was adopted, with
Booth, Boxton, Connor, Curtis, D'Ancona,
Uwyer, Helms, Reed, Sanderson and To
bin voting aye, 'and Brandenstein, Comte,
Fontana, Hotaling, Jennings and Maguire
no. i
When the amended ordinance came up
for passage to print L. D. Owens made an
earnest- plea against it. Connor's amend
ment that the ordinance be amended to
go into effect Julyl, 1901, was lost and
Comte's motion to postpone consideration
for one week prevailed.
To Extend Pound Limits.
An ordinance providing for the exten
sion of the pound limits to certain streets
in the Excelsior Homestead district was
defeated after several taxpayers had been
heard ln behalf of the measure. Keed'a
amendment that the limits be extended
to the county line, to take effect on Janu
ary 1, 1901, was passed to print.
A communication was received from the
Board of Healthvadvising that the site
for the new City and County Hospital be
selected In some location situated away
from the thickly populated centers. Mc-
Carthy contended that, the health board
had not compiled in its communication
with the request that it recommend the
most suitable site of the several owned
by the city. Reed then moved that the
matter be resubmitted to the health board
with instructions to pick out the best
site and report. Dwyer amended to ex
clude the present hospital site from con
sideration, but the amendment was lost
lifter objections against It had been made
by Brandenstein. Dwyer said he was in
formed that the architects had stated that
the buildings would require eight acres
alone, and there were only nine acres in
the present location. Reed's motion that
the health board recommend a definite
site then prevailed. D'Ancona stated that
some months ago several Supervisors
and members of the Board of Health had
made a visit of Inspection and had agreed
that the site west of Dewey boulevard in
the Almshouse tract was the most" de
sirable of all.
License Ordinances Passed.
An ordinance was passed to print Im
posing a license of $6 per quarter on per
sons who sell merchandise- from station
ary wagons or stands on streets or side
walks; $6 per quarter on proprietors of
billiard and pool tables not kept exclu
sively for private use, and $6 per quarter
on bowling alleys. The new law, also im
posed on house movers a tax of $10 for
each building moved through the public
streets and an additional license of $50
per quarter upon those engaged in the
business; on hotels, boarding houses,
lodging houses and lestaurants whose
gross receipts amount to $250,000 per quar
ter, $100 per quarter; for receipts of $loO -
000. $G0 per quarter; $75,000. $40; $50,000 $20'
$25,000, $15; $15,000. $10; $G000. $6 per quar
ter; less than $6000, $3 per quarter; on
owners of boats used for the transporta
tion of passengers and freight $5 per quar
ter;on owners of restaurants where liquors
are sold In quantities of less than one
quart, but where there is no bar and
where gross receipts do not exceed $30W
$3 per quarter and $5 per quarter If the
receipts exceed that sum.
An' ordinance was parsed to prjnt Impos
ing a license of $10 per quarter on everv
proprietor or lessee or manager of anv
uncovered enclosure wherein baseball
games are held and where an admission
fee is charged.
5 Miscellaneous Business.
The board repealed the ordinance prohibit
ing the sprinkling of bituminous pavements
as a result of the experiments of the Mer
chants' Association, which found that the
sprinkling was unobjectionable.
The Mayor was requested to appoint a cit
izens' committee to take charge of- the cele
bration of the national anniversary.
The Columbia Athletic Club was granted per
mission to hold a boxing exhibition at'Wood
ward's Pavilion on May 31.
The ordinance prohibiting the selling of
pools on contests between men, which if
adopted will have the effect of closing
the poolrooms In this city." went over for
one week, as the full board was not pres
ent. • ;^
The ordinance providing for the regu
lation of theaters and the Introduction of
proper fire facilities therein was passed
to print.
The board adjourned to meet on Thurs
day evening at 8 o'clock as a committee
of the whole to hear taxpayers and city
officials on the financial budget for the
next fiscal year and to discuss the next
tax levy.
Referred to Committees.
The followlns petitions, protests and com
munications .were- referred tn committees:
Property owners asking for the removal of
cobblestones at the Junction of Market. Bat
tery and Bush streets: visiting physicians .of
the City and County Hospital asralnst the re
moval of that Institution; Memorial day com
mittee InvltlnK the board to participate In the
parade and exercises to be held May 30; p?<i
dlers" Protective Association thanking the city
officials for rassiDK what Is termed "just
license ; taxation and wise reflations" : e X _
employes of the Street Department asking: thai
demands for services rendered between Janu
ary 1' and 8, 1900. be paid; taxpayers asking
that Folsom street be improved between Third
ami Earl streets;' William Kennedy protesting
against the operations of a heavy steam -ham
mer maintained by the Market-Street Railway
Company on Crocker street, between Colton
and' West Mission: Fwlerntlon of Mission Im
provement Clubs asking that the new City and
County Hospital he erected on the House of
Correction 1 tract; Falrmount District and Glen
Park Improvement Cluh that the same insti
tution be located either on the House of Cor
rection or t Falrrnnunt Park sites; J. C. Wilson
& Co.- for pprm'p'fon to lay nnd maintain a
spur track frem .the belt roaO to the south
wert corner of Front and Vallejo streets: Jani
tors employed'. Jii the City Hall : for an ap
propriation In the tax levy lance enough to
allow the.ir wrkos to-be Increased to J2 ZQ per
day. /¦- - ¦ .¦¦'•.••-¦
«=if=?HE Finance Committee submitted Its estimate of the next tax levy to the
! Board of Supervisor? yesterday. The rate, determined on an assessed
j| valuation of $400,000,000. is fixed at SI. US. of which $1 is intended for actual
expenditures of the government and SO.liy for purposes provided by the
charter. The report says:
Til? amount of the estimate of expenses under the charter limit of ?1
p« centum Is $5,S9C.T0O
Dedoetlns reeelpta from other sources as per the Auditor's estimate (addinc
the Pound fees) J.396,700
J4, 000.000
Outi=!d<> the tl limit—
Par!t t 240.000
Ir.tcrfU and sinking fun<3< from taxation 234.300
' $4, 474,100
Or tl.JIS en $4f.C.COO.GO0.
If th.' affPfsmcr.t rcll Is four.d to be !e<s than $400, M0. COO proportionate reductions
ir:u"t 1* made In the estimates for the different departments.
The (220,000 set aside by the Auditor for public improvements has been en
tirely eliminated by the Finance Committee, and that sum has gone to swell
tho expenditures required to run the city government ur*1er the charter. The
committee submitted a lengthy report explaining its action in reducing some
departments and Increasing others. It recommends the appointment of an ad
ditional clerk in the Board of Supervisors' oflice; an additional allowance of
IfiOO In the Assessor's office for revising real estate and personal property
valuations: a matron for the Morgue: two index clerks and one messenger for
the Recorder: four additional guards for the County Jails.
ORDER LIMITING
FENCES TO TEN
FEET IN HEIGHT
JUDGE COOK has sustained the de
murrer of the cfty to the suits
against Hie cirQ service provisions
of the charter. In rendering his de
cision yesterday tho Judge paid hi.s nniid
had beta made up from c-arly in the argu
ment, but he .-i<1<3ed that he did not be
lieve the tiuei-tion submitted, affecting
original questions regarding the charter,
should be decided by any subordinate
court. He therefore dissolved the tempur
ory injunctions issued in the cases of
Cahen versus the Auditor and Bauer ver
sus the Civil Service Commission. An
appeal is already under preparation.
These actions were instituted for the
¦ purpose of determining- the constitution
ality of the provisions of the charter
establishing civil service in the various
departments of the municipal govern
ment. It was contended by the petition
ers in the action that the provisions were
Illegal in that they conflicted with that
etction of the constitution of California
limiting the tenure of public office to not
more than four years and also with the
general laws of the State. Upon the filing
vt the actions temporary injunctions were
Issued and the commission, with hands
tied, was forced to postpone proposed ex
aminations. That the merits of the con
troversy us to the constitutionality of the
civil service provisions might be deter
mined in the lower court, and if in the
opinion of the judpe presiding at the hear
ing the provisions were constitutional and
valid, that delay might nt^t result from
an appeal from a pro forma order, it was
tlecicu-d to argue the case before Judge
Cook and base future action on his de
cision. Judge Cook, however. Jailed to
pass ua the merits of the petitioners' con
tentions. He held that the case was a
proper one for original consideration by
the court of last resort and one upon the
merits of which a court of original juris
diction could not safely pass. Hence he
made the orders as above stated and the
case now stands as though <-6unsel had
remained .silent, save to take an excep
tion to a pro forma order sustaining the
demurrer and dissolving the Injunctions.
The labor of unraveling the legal taxigle
in consequence now rests with the Su
preme Cuurt.
The cases had progressed as far as Mc-
Erierneys argument last Friday, so no
.time was lost yesterday morning. Mc-
Euerney elaborated upon the point made
by the City Attorney in his opening ar
fcTiment, to the effect that even were the
tenure clause stricken from the charter
there would stili be left a complete and
legal system.
Taking up the question of appointment
and removal, he argued that the freehold
ers had the right to devise any method
of filling vacancies they saw Jit. and the
city might accept that method. He
claimed, too, that the lining of vacancies
under the civil service system is not so
much an appointment as a selection. It
had been decided in a case before the
Court of Appeals in New York, he said,
that selections Ly the Civil Service Com
mission did not come under the head of
appointments, and so the law of appoint
ment? did not affect them.
His principal points were that the pow
er to appoint might be delegated by the
Legislature to a Mayor or a Civil Service
Commission, or any one; that it did not
lirr finrflr rest in the head of the depart
ment where the vacancy occurs: that the
features of an office were three, the na
ture of the position itself, the salary at
tached and the tenure. It did not follow,
he argued, that if the feature of tenure
failed the others must fail also. and. fur
ther, that the power to appoint or select
Tested In the Civil Service Commission,
¦and as that commission also removed, the
clause was not ln opposition to the consti
tution.
Mr. McEnemey's argument was not a
long one. and as soon as he had finished
Judge Cook decided the case from the
bench. The case before him was the Bauer
case, in which it is sought to restrain the
Civil Service Commission from holding
competitive examinations. It was agreed,
however, that the liauer case and that of
Sol Cahen to compel the Auditor to audit
the demand of a certain official turned
out of office under the civil service pro
vislor. should go together. An order dis
missing the temporary writ in each case
was entered.
CIVIL SERVICE
DECLARED LEGAL
PENDING APPEAL
Judge Cook Fails to Hand
Down a Written
Opinion.
Sustains a Demurrer Which for ths
Time Upholds the Commission
and Permits It to
Proceed.
ESTIMATES FOR
NEW TAX LEVY
- SI. MARYS PARK fUND IS SAFE
-^> New Tax Levy Estimates «?^*
COURT SUSTAINS CHARTER APPOINIEES
MUNICIPAL MATTERS
ADVERTISING FENCES TO BE CUT DOWN
*^t> Civa I Service Scores One <&&+
HEALTH BOARD SALARIES UNDER FIRE
CHARTER BOARD
OF HEALTH HAS
SEEN SUSTAINED
Judge Troutt. Finds Gage's
Appointees Have Not
Legal Title.
Alleged Right of Deposed Officials tc
Exercise Jurisdiction Over Ship
ping and Bay Counties Re
mains Undecided.
SAN* FRANCISCO'S Charter Board
of Health has been adjudged the
legal body, and that appointed by
Governor Henry T. Gage has been
declared Illegal and finally deposed from
office, its duties' and accruing benefits.
Judge Troutt handed down a decision
yesterday sustaining- a demurrer Inter
posed to the petition filed by Dr. William
M. Lawlor, health officer of the Gage
board, ln which he sought to remove the
charter board from office and enjoin' its
members from asserting any claim or title
thereto. Although the opinion gives the
petitioner the right to amend his plead
ings, this formality will not be taken ad
vantage of, for the merits of the entire
controversy as to the board proper have
been adjudicated.
One point, however, as yet remains un
decided—that is whether or not the Gage
board has the right to still exist for the
purpose of enforcing quarantine regula
tions throughout the bay counties and
in regard to shipping. Action will be filed
with the object of determining this point
and then flnal Judgment by the Supreme
Court will forever quiet the title to the
contested office.
Judge Troutt's opinion in part reads:
A Conflict Arises. {
When the charter of this city and county be
came fully operative on January S, 1D00, a con
nect occurred between the former Hoard of
Health which had been appointed by the Gov
erncr of this State and the new board appoint
ed by the Mayor of this city and county under
and by virtue of the provisions of the charter.
The former board, although seriously objecting,
was obliged ' to yield to the new board, and
thereupon Instituted this proceeding.
The constitution of this State provides that
a freeholders' charter, when ratified by the re
quired number of electors and approved by the
legislature, shall become the organic law of
the municipality and supersede any existing
charter and all .amendments thereof and all
laws inconsistent with such charter.
Our constitution also -provides that a charter
framed or adopted by authority of the consti
tution, except in municipal affairs, shall be
subject to and controlled by general laws.
The charter of this city and county provides
for a "Department of Public Health," under
the management of a Board of Health. The
board consists of seven members, who are to
serve without compensation, five of whom are
appointed by the Mayor, the other two members
being- the Chief of Police and the president of
the Board of Public Works.
Our Political Code Fpecially provides for a
Board of Health for this city and county, con
sisting of the Mayor and four other resident
members, appointed by the Governor. The
board shall elect a Health Officer for the city
nnd county and port of San Francisco, who
shall be the executive officer of the Health De
partment, x he board must appoint a Quaran
tine Officer and certain other officers and em
ployes, as directed by section 3009.
The Quarantine Officer.
The Quarantine Officer is"requlred to perform
very important duties, and is Invested with
very Important powers ln connection with ves
sels entering the harbor or port of San Fran
cisco when subject to quarantine pr examina
tion. He also | has very important duties to
perform within the city and county.
Now it Is contended by the relator that sani
tary matters are not "municipal affairs" within
the meaning of the constitution, and that the
code provisions concerning- the appointment of
a Hoard of Health of the city and county of
Pan Francisco constitute a "general law," and
hence, that by reason of section 6 of article XI
of the constitution the charter Board of Health
must yield to the statutory Board of Health
It is further contended by the relator that
¦while the State may temporarily delegate ot
transfer its power and control over sanitary
matters which may affect the public health
throughout the State, yet It cannot irrevocably
surrender such power arid control as would re
sult if the charter provisions concerning sani
tary matters be held to deal with municipal
affairs and hence be beyond the control of gen
eral laws.
We find that pur constitution Itself provider
that a municipality may make and enforce
within Its limits all such local, police, sanitarj
and other regulations as are not ln conflict
with general laws. We- also find that our Poli
tical Code (section 3059) provides that the Board
of Supervisors of any county ln which there Is
even a port of entry or harbor, "for which
there is not otherwise provided health and
quarantine regulations" may by an ordinance
adopt the whole or any part of the provisions ot
article III of said code, entitled, "Health and
quarantine regulations for the city and count}
and harbor of San Francisco," appoint a Board
of Health or Health Officer, locate quarantine
grounds when necessary and provide for the
enforcement, of health and quarantine regula
tions.
May Be Enforced.
' Evidently, therefore, the aforesaid provisions
that concern health matters are properly Incor
porated In cur charter and may be enforced,
unless It is that they do not pertain to "muni
cipal affairs," ln the technical sense, and are
controlled and Invalidated by the aforesaid
provisions of the Political Code relative to
health matters in this city and county.
I am of the opinion that the provisions of the
code in question do not constitute a "general
law" and do constitute- a "local law." within
the meaning of tho constitution, such as can
not control the urovisions of the charter when
Inconsistent therewith.
A Point Undetermined.
My final conclusion Is that the act of the
Legislature In recording- Its flnal approval or
our charter ln the mode prescribed by the con
stitution has, in pffect. modified if not re
pealed the statutory provisions that refer spec
ially to this city anil county in regard to the
appointment of a Board of Health, Us Juris
diction and Us powers and duties, and thai
thereby the Legislature, us the representative
of the State, has delegated a portion of th9
sovereign power of the State to this munici
pality. ,. .
As the charter Board of Health may. ln my
opinion, exercise within the limits of the muni
cipality the powers conferred upon it by the
charter, it is unnecessary and not within the
issue for this court now to determine whether
or not the code Board of Health may ap
point a quarantine officer and exerclso Juris
diction over the port and harbor of San Fran
cisco and the. quarantine grounds at the anchor
ape of Sausallto, as required by certain sections
of our Political Code.
Accordingly, the defendant's demurrer is sus
tained on the ground that the complaint does
not state facts sufficient to constitute a cau.«e
of action, and overruled as to every other
cround.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATLIi, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1900.
Notice 'to Passengers.
. .Round-trip transfer tickers on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (r^und trip).
50 cents. Morton ; Special Delivery, ', 403
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. : - , • . ¦
Cruelty to a. Horse.
Richard Fletcher, the book canvasser
viho was convicted Saturday by Judge
Cabaniss on the charge of cruelty to ani
mals, was sentenced yesterday to serve
three months in the County % Jail.
14
I
T
g
6
?
5
|
o
'6
1
9.
Q
6
«
?
6
6
o
|
!
s
5
6
6
.%
6
I
9
6
6
5
!
9
|
f Finance 4
Estimate of Committee G
Auditor. Supervisors. .$.
Supervisors S3O.POO $42,000 9
Clerks IVard of Equalization 900 900 A
Advertisine *....: 13.«« 20.000 V
Burial indieent dead *.o-0 '-MO .
ln:f>rtn<>r.t 1'nlted States Soldiers and sailors 2. ..00 3.000 "v
Munioiral reports C.000 6.000 <J
poundkeeper f° 0 J.000 4
Prisoners- subsistence JS.O0O 4S.0C0 <j
Stationery • -^^ 24 - >0 ° 4
Furniture public r tmfldlnlpi 5 -°°0 5 -°°J| «
Safe for Assessor ••••• H22 ¦ V
Fourth if July 2. BOO 2.500 ±
Memorial day »C0 i2
Telephone se^ioe UMO 12.000
,- ' ¦ n(vpc<;itv 30.M0 3<5,0OO A
Water .. ? .l\"\\Y^Y^\Y^\\\Y^Y^Y^Y "/""".. .... 228!«00 23S.OSO V
BlatnteoaAce UaKdalen Asylum lo.ooo 1 2*2^2 n
Maintenance State Fchools T.nOO 10.000 «
Maintenanoe non-sertar!an institution 3. W0 Jt'^L A
Maintenance fpoMe minded 20.0C0 W.WO 0
Kxarnination of Insane 5.°°0 .5,000 j.
T.iKhtinj? streets and public buildings SOO.flflO "'Z'*™ C
V>< ¦.- . 3".R00 13.S00 •
Auditor :'.".;.'.'.'...' I'.*™ ".«00
Aaili Ni: H.™ "•«» S
r .„.„„ blanks l.» r 0 2.000 •
A^e^or ::::::::::::::: .......... ....... : «. 2 no ss.too o
Coroner ' I*- 000 1«-' 10 4
i^de/^ ;^:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::..^v.v.v:-:::::: n.88. £SS
Reror.1er-s newspapor ¦•.•• 20 20 g
Tax rollertnr 3 i'^2 31>30 ° &
Military roll MM ¦¦;-. X
r>»linquent tax list 3-™ 5.000 W
Tnvi-urer 142n0 14.200 j;
J.irtpes and secretary 2 j-?^ 2 ;>-?C? 0
WltaenC expenses 1.™JJ J-"™ 4
Btenogr«plien.'SuperiorCourt ..W lO.nno
?^iS^:r::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::-\.:::::::::::::: £g £§ J
DtatrlCt Attorney ».«« 36.2T0 t.
SSSSS ::::::::::::::::::::::::;::"..:::::::::: $« r t«S g
j u rv rx£nse*::::::::::.::: yw \m %
HrVid Jun- expenses 3.0110 2.000 _
Juitices and clerks. 20.700 20.700 V
I^aw and motion calendar -¦J 1 '" J ••••• A
law llbrarv 3.T40 1 3.240 W
roller Jurtwi ind EtencRraphers jjl.WO 21.600 A
griffs- salads g^±::-rJ±"V"rJ:>;r^ ":^ ! . •"SX V
SasSSSSSs: «:» «.» ?
To!lce rhotoRmi-hs J--™J ••••• 4
Prlice contingent s'J?O r'S^ 6
Police rents
«:«» bmm c
Kmerjcency hospitals 36. .40 S6.-40 4
Twmty-sixth-Ftreet Hospital 4,600 j.finn q
Emwgeacr ••• "]|][|))|^ "72000" sso.oon 3
r.Tanrrounty-Hospitni:::::::::::::::::...:::: %.m *.™ g
department of KlecCricity W.0H .0,1-4 3
rir * Y;:;;r ment ~ witw »jiw 4
S£5£si ::•¦;:: j im.« r
Kxp^nses , n 20 000 . V
Pensions ir»6T, 114 wv >
J?i Ti jr., I s.ino ) 8.100
civil ffnid ( j_2no,OM | 1,0^0.000 •£
pSUe-^sira'cts: | ¦•¦•^••••l 10.000 4
New Improvements '-"•° n " <^
TrtB , e I $'.3<:<!.7Af> $3.S9«!.70O !£
Par? improvements j «M«0 =40.000 C
Bnn park tel $Tr.ro enn six months 3U per cent 7^.«r, C
irXer.: sW«"' three months. «H per cent 3.000 ..
«;rhooi= $2-0 OTO. three months. 3U per cent S.7S0 A
Hospitals. J1OO.O00, three month. 3li per cent 1.500 87.S73 ~
one-fortieth lttTOJ <
c^wer- J^ooon. one-elphtleth 2.R0O
«irhool« *2 r .0 0OO one-elehtieth 3.12.^ (*
Hospital. $100,000. one-eightieth 1.2S0 120.W5
Grand total • $r..S77.200 $3,871,200
I
T
g
6
?
5
|
o
'6
1
9.
Q
6
«
?
6
6
o
|
!
s
5
6
6
.%
6
I
9
6
6
5
!
9
|
f Finance 4
Estimate of Committee G
Auditor. Supervisors. .$.
Supervisors S3O.POO $42,000 9
Clerks IVard of Equalization 900 900 A
Advertisine *....: 13.«« 20.000 V
Burial indieent dead *.o-0 '-MO .
ln:f>rtn<>r.t 1'nlted States Soldiers and sailors 2. ..00 3.000 "v
Munioiral reports C.000 6.000 <J
poundkeeper f° 0 J.000 4
Prisoners- subsistence JS.O0O 4S.0C0 <j
Stationery • -^^ 24 - >0 ° 4
Furniture public r tmfldlnlpi 5 -°°0 5 -°°J| «
Safe for Assessor ••••• H22 ¦ V
Fourth if July 2. BOO 2.500 ±
Memorial day »C0 i2
Telephone se^ioe UMO 12.000
,- ' ¦ n(vpc<;itv 30.M0 3<5,0OO A
Water .. ? .l\"\\Y^Y^\Y^\\\Y^Y^Y^Y "/""".. .... 228!«00 23S.OSO V
BlatnteoaAce UaKdalen Asylum lo.ooo 1 2*2^2 n
Maintenance State Fchools T.nOO 10.000 «
Maintenanoe non-sertar!an institution 3. W0 Jt'^L A
Maintenance fpoMe minded 20.0C0 W.WO 0
Kxarnination of Insane 5.°°0 .5,000 j.
T.iKhtinj? streets and public buildings SOO.flflO "'Z'*™ C
V>< ¦.- . 3".R00 13.S00 •
Auditor :'.".;.'.'.'...' I'.*™ ".«00
Aaili Ni: H.™ "•«» S
r .„.„„ blanks l.» r 0 2.000 •
A^e^or ::::::::::::::: .......... ....... : «. 2 no ss.too o
Coroner ' I*- 000 1«-' 10 4
i^de/^ ;^:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::..^v.v.v:-:::::: n.88. £SS
Reror.1er-s newspapor ¦•.•• 20 20 g
Tax rollertnr 3 i'^2 31>30 ° &
Military roll MM ¦¦;-. X
r>»linquent tax list 3-™ 5.000 W
Tnvi-urer 142n0 14.200 j;
J.irtpes and secretary 2 j-?^ 2 ;>-?C? 0
WltaenC expenses 1.™JJ J-"™ 4
Btenogr«plien.'SuperiorCourt ..W lO.nno
?^iS^:r::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::-\.:::::::::::::: £g £§ J
DtatrlCt Attorney ».«« 36.2T0 t.
SSSSS ::::::::::::::::::::::::;::"..:::::::::: $« r t«S g
j u rv rx£nse*::::::::::.::: yw \m %
HrVid Jun- expenses 3.0110 2.000 _
Juitices and clerks. 20.700 20.700 V
I^aw and motion calendar -¦J 1 '" J ••••• A
law llbrarv 3.T40 1 3.240 W
roller Jurtwi ind EtencRraphers jjl.WO 21.600 A
griffs- salads g^±::-rJ±"V"rJ:>;r^ ":^ ! . •"SX V
SasSSSSSs: «:» «.» ?
To!lce rhotoRmi-hs J--™J ••••• 4
Prlice contingent s'J?O r'S^ 6
Police rents
«:«» bmm c
Kmerjcency hospitals 36. .40 S6.-40 4
Twmty-sixth-Ftreet Hospital 4,600 j.finn q
Emwgeacr ••• "]|][|))|^ "72000" sso.oon 3
r.Tanrrounty-Hospitni:::::::::::::::::...:::: %.m *.™ g
department of KlecCricity W.0H .0,1-4 3
rir * Y;:;;r ment ~ witw »jiw 4
S£5£si ::•¦;:: j im.« r
Kxp^nses , n 20 000 . V
Pensions ir»6T, 114 wv >
J?i Ti jr., I s.ino ) 8.100
civil ffnid ( j_2no,OM | 1,0^0.000 •£
pSUe-^sira'cts: | ¦•¦•^••••l 10.000 4
New Improvements '-"•° n " <^
TrtB , e I $'.3<:<!.7Af> $3.S9«!.70O !£
Par? improvements j «M«0 =40.000 C
Bnn park tel $Tr.ro enn six months 3U per cent 7^.«r, C
irXer.: sW«"' three months. «H per cent 3.000 ..
«;rhooi= $2-0 OTO. three months. 3U per cent S.7S0 A
Hospitals. J1OO.O00, three month. 3li per cent 1.500 87.S73 ~
one-fortieth lttTOJ <
c^wer- J^ooon. one-elphtleth 2.R0O
«irhool« *2 r .0 0OO one-elehtieth 3.12.^ (*
Hospital. $100,000. one-eightieth 1.2S0 120.W5
Grand total • $r..S77.200 $3,871,200
STORE CLOSED
TO-MORROW, MEMORIAL DAY.
TO-DA Y
WE HOLD A
SPECIAL SALE IN
OUTING SKIRTS,
WAISTS
AND WRAPPERS'.
dn.<3!os" Grass Linen Oversklrts. full width. 2So
Ladle*' Linen OverskirtR. deep flounce, trirnmej
with two rows of braid 4Uc
Ladles' Covert Cloth Oversklrts. full w!dth.«Wc
Ladies' Duck Ovprskirta, ln navy and black.
r.iccly trimmed O8c
Ladles" White Ovcrskirts. trimmed with colored
braidn 74c
Ladies' Black or Navy Blue Serpe Orersklrta ..
81.9S; worth t3
Ladles' Polka Dot Duck Overskirt*. all colors
nicely trimmed S1.5J3; worth 12
toadies' Calico Shirt Waists, ail sizes It5e
i-adt«»5' Percale Shirt Wclsts. all eizeR,
triirmed, two rows of embroidery inwr"
s tion .....7."»c
I/adies* White Lawn Shirt Waists, 24 tucks
front and back, trimmed with embroidery
Insertion !»c
1 Ladirt'' <Jra*F Linen Phlrt Waists. £4 tuck*
front nnd back, all sires 9 !.:::{
Ln(!i<>' Fancy Orpandy Waists, b'.ouse effect,
with vest cf white pique ?1.4S
3 WRAPPER
SPECIALS <k3 aB
Ladles' Calico Wrappers, well made r»tic
Laoles' Percala 1Vr«|»p«"rt<. waist and sleeves
lined, trlmmci! tiiiU l>ral<l J»»Sf
Lndies' I>rcale Wrcpi>crs. waist and *leeves
lined, trimmed with lace. or embroidery..
$i.i:a
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet Taylor and Jones..
Manufacturer* of Ladles' and Children's Wear,
lU-tai! at Wholesale Price*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT TAKES THE CAKE!
What does? Why, our superb laun-
dry work, of course. Our establish-
ment is a smile factory, and the re-
sults of its workings are found all over
town. Our customers are- all pleased
and happy, and as our work is always
good they never have reason to be
otherwise. '
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Ne*r Powell.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice-4O& 12th Street.
. J
Prices
and
Quality Sells
CtllllQ
Crockery
Come Just to Look.
Great Aierton IiponmiTea &
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
:in-2i2 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Po»U.
861 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
3&3 Hayes St. as Third St.
1419 Polk St. 121 Montromerr at*
251 S Mission St. 70S Larktn St.
SGQ6 Sixteenth St. 1813 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Halzht St.
*TOS Fillmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
12 Market St. 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1CS3 Washington St. CIS K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11S5 23d Are.
ijio Seventh St. 1355 l'arlc St.. Alameda,
FRANGO-CAUFORNIAN OIL CO.,
LOS ANGELES. ')
| FITLLKKTON 80 aCT*«
! XEWHALb 160 acres
[ FERNANDO 660 acres
SHARES -SELUNl FOR 25 GENTS
TWO WEEKS ONLY.
CALL IMMEDIATELY.
General agener. San Francisco MarcantU*
Library BuUdtns. room I
Hole's.
Hale's.
SI 50 misses' kid shoes for 50c a pair at
the Beehive Shoe Co., 717 Market st. •
As a tonic, nothing in the world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" ' whiskey.
fi \\
I Hale's will be closed decoration day
I the closing of this store all day May 30 will naturally, adversely af-
I feet the total sales for the week, but that they shall be as largo as
I' possible we offer to-day such special Inducements as will bring to ua g
I all the well-posted, shrewd, money-saving shoppers. |
I irnili nrre flotre (decoration day necessaries
VBItingO IldgS c/7(/ ne/v/ all the time.) \
'¦ iir as a veiling muslin flags on x
£<frSS?>i event this sticks— »-<f
'^S^WS^- £5) iV eek we offer 6x!>^ in.. doz...l0cAM
, /¦%V^f" >® | ]ifeo 2 » 0 ? yards all- 8x14 In.. doz....24c
mesh , vellIn S s 12x22 in.. doz-.^Ocivr/OSy^
ItbJ^"^^^ Sid silk' c S he f 13x27% ln - dOZ.60cfA^g^*
WW^" se&iMJsS rihhnns )>S^ 1
\Z.>8SV . grenadine veil- MUUUIIO J*%JLuT^wJ I
<r&4*> } ln & s: a lot of we prace on sale /»,n ; \tV*' IH
r*B&3?/^~ 1( i? ple^ es / ur " until sold out 5000/ (,t { \ I > |j
eftsa-^s chas e d from yards of Ameri-ti dl I iasJ a t4
'/ a d 1 1o < bb e e r r St re k " ?n fl - as rlbbon3 -^^LJ-==3«S § N
ularly worth 35c to 50c per yard; Decorat 1 o n ' day i\ Jj ri
our reduction of stock price Is 25c. an( j patriotic \l SW
¦ ,. L" X events, per yard JS U H
nSndKfirCniBlS aYso^yards'oi C fj
I 130 dozen ladies' handkerchiefs, em- * 09 - V^SWL ™tofS eta iTl IB
: broidered. scalloped and hemstitch- jZ&pffiZ^S "ood r-iree nf \ §1
\ ed borders; each handkerchief on J^^/'i / 7\\ fSlors alsS in 3 U
tho original card-a sample line £SSrffb / Toe \\ £"££ *.• ?'?.?__ ". g|
3 bousht at one-third less than the fffgig / FU4, )\ w \^- \Z li
1 regular price; included in the lot [///§ 3f \{ .< -My aV d re n % %B
will be .handkerchiefs worth as high [|!iS'VaLJ vnni p ?£ | |1
¦ as 50cr your choice 25c each iHlall ife^/ I afl the new"an1 I
i hnitc wa$\V\\ /; I desirable shades Q B
I DB IS ln our 4l :Hnch § B
a _ we place on sale v2snS^2x I satin taffeta @ n
n J§fSb<^ to-day at about } ma ribbon for crush i fi
I s^y^^n?L^S one-third m a n u- / Jha belts and neck- £ fl
I /f&f[ f ? c t u r e^ 3 ' cost Vf/f wear S0c yard g |1
U ' Jn&Pskh the entire closing | i bxft3//| iinrii . H ..!.| i S
0 y/fe^ Mock of a large \M\U VR TV SD8C 9 II
II flsSa^ wholesale ho\ise;i Vfjf; ||J| J OJJOOIfJl IB
*3 tr-0 sSEfiJ^ they are all clean/ no* i-> or,,* u 9 I
M up-to-date goods! mra cuantvla
1 R&tmQ^ and consist of dog briU*art tlrlti I $
I §mg£& COl l a ,an b u elt l" ; Inches ™^ in * d ' b'St "neof g|
A cSI >j mf back, at 9c each £^~\ a
& C51 Vai* Mack patent leath- nrnpri V=\ < •! «
* llijUa/ or belts with nickel Gldoll X* V H U
: sSg shield or medallion; %#1 ** w " • V » u ||
|JB brown or tan dogr /ilsirio 5c£^Sfc& % *5
i j»B collar with nickel SKI I IS /f&f&TS * M
• WE shield or medallion. Wl ._ /( 1 I 1 SI
V* 1*£ Inches wide; S dozen crash ( \ I h \ |3
I chain dog collar ef- walking skirts, W^rV ) I ffl
I feet in shell patterns, with lock full width and >>7jnr*N7 / £M
I chain. 1 inch wide, at 12c each length ...* oOc III] II ra
I a wonderful collection of other 6 dozen ladies I Ml It I £?
I beautiful styles at crash walking I UBl f \\ R
3 ISc, 25c and 4Sc each skirts, trimmed 111 U\ tf
I this will be pre-eminently the belt with 3 rows I B;i H \ ! Hj
1 event of the season. white pique. I Mil \ S3
I rrlnudo £'"& box pl !fc IM \\ A
h £iUiuO 5 (lozen crash fj \\ »
a we have all the new shades ln the skirts, with ap- ///// I \ £, £2
S celebrated Hte Jouvln real French pllque front and / /MJ I \ M
3 kid g-loves — the glove with the ad- back, with/^Yyf . -L-«^N SB
3 mirable reputation with correct white pique YlvstS^^^ftM?^^/ I £S
a dressers $1.50 pair' $1.50 "^^^^=3/ A — I Eg