SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE o, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 5.
guarantee to the Inhabitants everything
which organized society means.* we have
received the heartiest co-operation from
the more educated and better class of
Filipinos. *
"They understand as thoroughly as we
do that it is to their best interest to as
sist us in everything we are def.-ag. They
know that we intend nothing. In the na
ture of "absolutism, and not. only wish to
extend ' to' them every possible feature of
free government for themselves but to
organize for them such a government and
to make possible for them Its administra
tion. This I think is demonstrated by
the fact that In the last few_ months we
have been very materially, assisted by the
higher class of Filipinos, who have done
everything In their power to give us In
formation which has been of very mate
rial value to. us. Americans. I think,, do
not realize what a wide difference' there
is in classes In the Philippine Islands.
These people rise from the very lowest
and most ignorant classes existing;prac
tically as tribes up: to the most educated
and highly developed 'men.
question to expect the Filipinos to govern
themselves, and they, are giving us there
fore every assistance in their power in
our efforts to govern them. While, we
must ' expect that lawlessness in some
quarters will still continue for some time
¦to -come. We must also take into consid
eration that this lawlcssnere is not b>
any means representative of the general
condition of affairs in the . islands. Ne-'
Bros, for example, has a little republic
of its own. in which the natives partici
pate in ; the, government of the island and
have far more to say. and do in the ad
ministration of their own affairs than
they ever had under Spanish rule. In five
out of the six. provinces in Luzon. we have
established courts, In the conduct of
which natives participate.
v;".We are; thus- gradually but effectively
extending ; ' the ' protective ' influences of
to govern them | autocratically or - to
take away from them their liberties,
but to help them to govern them
selves and to protect them from the
depredations of their own lawless
elements and from any aggression by
a foreign power which would threaten
their dismemberment."
The Union League - Club received the
following courteous reply from General
Otis yesterday, regretting his Inability to
accept the tender of a reception to him:
"General Otis acknowledges with sin
cere thanks the honor conferred by the
Union League Club of San . Francisco in
the tender of a reception and regrets ex
ceedingly that "Wax Department orders
received by him , directing his departure
for- Washington at the earliest possible
date make it impossible for him to ac
cept this very flattering attention."
Terms.
American rule over all the islands, and I
am assured from my acquaintance with
the natives and from what 1 know ot
the conditions existing among them that
we shall receive their assistance in what
we are trying to do. They realize tha:
they n*ed a strong government and they
know that they cannot get that govern
ment lrom themselves. They understand
tuoroughiy that they must protect them
skives from themselves.
"The better educated classes and those
who possess property Interests have the
thought of nationality very strong within
them and they fear dlsmtmberment more
than they do anything else in connec
tion with their national life. Thev are
concerned therefore in what the United
fotates is doing, and the only reason that
any of them are still fighting is. as I have
been told by some of their leaders, that
they are struggling for better terms They
want to obtain from us the highest pos
sible degree of autonomy.
Natives Resisting to Win Better
Tribal.
"They are seeking for the greatest lil>
erty of action in the government of their
internal affairs, and they think that ir
they can hold out until our appraaching
Presidential election Is over they can
make their affairs so prominent an issu<»
in our political campaign as to secure
from either political party which may be
successful greater concessions. This is
positively tiie only reason that I know of
that explains the continuance of even dis.
organized warfare in the islands.
"As for the future policy of the United
States in reference to the Island3 there
can be no possible question. The United
States Is bound to' protect these people
against themselves and against other na
tions. There can be no evasion of that
duty, whatever the cause may have been
that imposed it upon us. We know that
the natives of the islands in their present
state of civilization cannot govern them
selves. We must therefore help them to
do so, at the same time glvlrg to them
every possible liberty of action in connec
tion with their own internal affairs. If we
observe this policy we will have the un
qualified support- and assistance of the
better educated and best J conditioned
classes in the islands.
.- ."'Among the. commas- people, who. as I
have said, are" living almost as tribes,
there Is still an antagonism to Americans.
It is over this class alone that Aguinaldo
has influence; and even among them his
influence is waning. I see by the news
paper reports this morning that it is be
lieved that Aguinaldo is dead. While, of
course, I know nothing of the facts, I
would not be surprised if the report were ,
true.
Aguinaldo's Influence Has Been
"I am convinced that Aguinaldo has
been constantly in the district in which It
Is reported he was killed. We have had a
good many troops there and have received
reports of his movements. It would not
surprise me therefore to know that he
in- dead. Whether dead or not, his influ
ence is not material.
"And now as to the general situa
tion in the Phil.ppines: I believe
that the condition ci affairs is such
that reasonably we could not expect
it to bs better. We have destroyed
any organized, or formidable opposi
tion to our presence in the islands.
We have won tha confidence of the
better classes of people. We are con
stantly extending- our governmental
influence and proving the superiority
of our arms. We are convincing the
natives that we are among them not
mAJOR GEXERAL. ELWELL S.
OTIS, the former Military Gov
ernor cf the Philippines, was re
leased yesterday afternoon from
quarantine on the transport Meade and
: departed last night for Washington. The
distinguished soldier was met by General
Shafter and a military escort aod was
extended every courtesy which the lim
ited time of his stay in this city would
permit. During the afternoon he held
practically a levee at the Occidental
Hotel, accepting the congratulations and
receiving ihe good wishes of his fellow
clHcers.
General Otis is fatigued after his long
journey and service In the southern isl
ands, but will attempt to get no rest until
he has rendered his report to President
McKinley. In* an interview ye3terday af
terncon General Otis said' the United
States had ever}' reason for congratula
tion at the condition of affairs in the
Philippines, i He declared that even the
semblance of organized opposition has
disappeared and that for all practical
purposes the supremacy of the American
arms is complete.
He says that not only* are the troops
of the Federal Government being wel
comed by the tetter class cf Filipinos,
but the natives, recognizing their own
need of a strong government and admit
ting their own inability to secure it for
therr-selvcs. are accepting, with the best
grace all efforts that are being made to
establish iirm governments cn the differ
ent Islands. There can be no possible
question. General Otis says, that the
American people must accept the duty
which has ueen placed uprn ihem to give
the people of ilie Philippine Islands a
government strong enougn to resist the
lawlessness of unruly natives and the
aETgretslcns of outside nations.
America Must Accept a Solemn Duty.
"As I understand the situation In the
Philippines, 1^ fc^-iii General Otis yesterday
afternoon, ."i.ti£-JInifed States.- Govern
ment, whatever -ifs "political complexion
may be, is bound bv a solemn dutj' to
protect tho inhabitants of the islands
from internal dissensions arid from any
possibility or" external interference by any
Oriental or Occidental nation. It is a
matter of no concern to me as a military
officer to discuss hovr we entered the isl
ands. Our entrance there vras an affair
over which I had no control and concern
ing which my opinipn can be of no pos
sible value.
"All I know is this, that we have upon
us the duty of protecting these people,
and we must perform It. Since last Feb
ruary there has been nothing in the isl
ands that can be called organized war
faro. There is in some of the districts
outlawry and a maurauding which time
alone can destroy. In our efforts to pro
tect civilization in the Philippines, to
CM Goyernient Is
Rapidly Being Es
tablished W the
Assistance of Edu
cated Natives in All
of tie Islands.
AND now as to the general situation in the Philippines. I believe-that the condition of
affairs is such that reasonably we could not expect it to be better. We have destroyed
any organized or formidable opposition to our presence in the islands. We have won
the confidence of the better classes of people. We are constantly extending our governmental
influence and proving the superiority of our arms. We are convincing the natives that we are
among them not to govern them' autocratically or to take away from them their liberties, but
to help them govern themselves and to protect them from the depredations of. their own lawless
elements and from any aggression by a foreign power which would threaten their dismem
berment.—Excerpt from an interview with Major General Elwell S. Otis on the Philippine
Organize! Rebellion
Has Been Destroyed
anfl the Existins
Resistance Is Sii-
Dly fide to Obtain
Better Terms,
MAJOR GENERAL OTIS DECLARES THAT THE UNITED STATES IS IN SOLEMN
DUTY BOUND TO PROTECT THE FILIPINOS FROM ALL FOES.
BOERS DECIDE TO
DEFEND PRETORIA
PRETORIA. June 2, via Lourenzo Mar
ques. June 4.— A marvelous reorganization
and rally of the burghers has taken place.
Kruger's unnecessary flight to Lydenburjf
and the taking away of gold bullion in
tended for coinage and leaving a majority
of. the officials unpaid engendered anger
among the burghers. Kryesraad nas as
sumed the powers of the Government and
the capital will be defended.
Five thousand men have left Standerton.
In the «outheast corner of the Transvaal,
for the Free State with the object of cut
ting the British lines of communication.
In an address to the burghers leading
Transvaalera said that with God'a help
the hour was still coming when Great
Britain would acknowledge the Independ
ence of the republics, as a tremendous
change had come over the situation in
regard to the war. Delarey was here for
a few hours to-day. He said Pretoria
would be defended to the utmost extent.
He went on to say there was every chanca
still to drive the enemy out of the ccun
try "^I^HHHHHHHHi
LOXDON*. June 5. 5:30 a. m.— Of offlci.il
intelligence regarding what Is trans
piring outside Pretoria there Is little
or nothing to say. Lord Roberts is
silent. Nevertheless, by piecing to
gether items from various corre
spondents It would seem that Lord Rob
erts' immense army is all employed north
of Johannesburg except one brigade,
which is at Johannesburg, and that six
columns are converging cn Pretoria.
An undated news agency message from
Pretoria, via Lcurenzo Marques June 4.
says: "Pretoria is now invested by the
British. No resistance will be offered. Tho
city will be surrendered by the Burgo
master as soon as a formal demand is
made."
This message purports to come in cipher.
President Kruger commands the telegraph
eastward from Pretoria, and telegraphic
news from Pretoria to Lourenzo Marques
has ceased, but the messengers of news
paper correspondents continue to pass to
and fro on the railway. The latest to ar
rive at Lourenzo Marques brings news of
events at the Boer capital down to a late
hour Friday night. At that time, accord
ing to these sources of Information, the
military leaders had quite recovered from
the panic and had determined to defend
the town. One message, which is dated
June 1, says:
"Pretoria is full of strange burghers, but
most of the commandos are laagered
outside. A great war council of generals
has Just concluded Its deliberations. The
decision as to the future military courso
has not been made known. Louis Botha
and Delarey sat in the council."
War Council to Defend Capital.
Another dispatch brought to Lourenzo
Marques by messenger and dated at Pre
toria Friday at midnight says:
"The war council assumes 'the powers
of^the Government. Its members declara
that the capital may still be successfully
defended. One commander declared, 'With
the help of God, the hour will come when
Great Britain will acknowledge the inde
pendence of the two republics. A tre
mendous change will yet come over tho
situation.*
"General Delarey said that Pretoria
would be defended to the utmost, adding,
'There Is every chance that we wiir yet
beat the enemy out of the country.* "
President Kruger Is somewhere to tha
eastward, but is in constant wire commu
nication with the leaders here. There is,
however, a deep feeling of anger against
him on account of what Is now called hid
unnecessary flight and because he and tha
officials took all the gold and left their
subordinates unpaid. The latest phase of
public opinion is a marvelous revival of
courage.
Kruger May Flee on a Warship.
From Lourenzo Marques comes a dia
patch, dated June 4, saying: ¦ "It is
known that some great British movement
Is In progress outside of Pretoria. The
mysterious movements of President
Kruger's secretary and physician, partic
ularly their visit to the Dutch warship
Friesland, which is in the harbor here, has
aroused suspicions that Important per
sonages are expected."
The news from the minor theaters is
less cryptic. The Boer operations to
break Lord Roberts' communications
have been completely baffled and tha
Boer columns are in danger of being sur
rounded by the British forces at Ficks
burg. Senekal. Heilbron and Llndley.
General Rundle, instead of throwing
himself against the Boers intrenched at
Bedulphberg. moved toward Ficksburs
and established communication with
General Brabant. The Boers marched
parallel with Rundle, Intending to selza
a strong position on the Ficksburg read,
but General Rundle got there first. The
1500 Boers who were In this movement
are now reported to be going elsewhere.
It Was a Hard Fight.
The correspondents with General Run
die continue to point out the hardness of
tne fight of last Tuesday, but they fce
lleve that It will be the last' real resist
ance. Colonel Lloyd was thrice wounded.
Drummer Haynes, while aiding Colonel
Lloyd, was shot in the hand, which was
resting near the colonel's heart.
General Buller's guns throw a shell or
two toward the Boer positions in front of
him occasionally. General Baden-Powell
is still at Mafeking. General Hunter's
column Is marching unopposed Into the
Transvaal beyond Llchtenburg.
A new phase of the Anglo-Dutch ccn
fllct Is opening In Cape Colony. Tna
leaders of the Afrikander bund pro
pose, It Is asserted, to block business in
the Cape Parliament until the Brltfab.
Government acts on the resolutions adopt
ed by the people's congress at Graaf
Reinet. declaring that the chief Immsdi
ate cause of the war was the unwarranted
and Intolerable Interference of the M n-
Istry in London in the Internal affairs of,
the South African republics.
From the Conflicting Reports Coming
From South Africa It Would Seem
That Roberts' Army Is Yet
Near Johannesburg:.
Pretoria Not to Be Given
Up Without a Fierce
Struggle.
KRUGER MAY FLEE
SI DUTCH WARSHIP
WAR COUNCIL
OF THE BOERS
PLAN DEFENSE
\7iil Adopt a Platform as Radical as
Any Silvcrite Could
Wish.
NEW YORK. June 4 — If the proeiwlinere
of the State Convention of the Democratic
p^rty io-:norrow are as harmonlcu«iy con
ducted as the meeting of the State Com
mittee to-nig-flt the programme laid out
by the leaders will slide oft very easily.
The committee was in eessioa but a few
minutes. J£x-£enator David B. Hill moved
tiuit John T. Xorton of Troy be named as
temporary chairman of the convention,
und it vras so decided without a dissenting
vcice. tiecroturies were cacsen, me r«.;ii
« : Qi locates \va.s adopted as a temporary
crci;:ii.aticn and me committee aci
jou/nec. 'ibe convention win meet- at 11
ii. m. The committee on permanent or
t&suz&ticn w:ii report the name of Elliott
valuer i.h for permanent chairman. The
cu!^r:iu« cn platform will then report
and me Ociejrates at large ana by ais-
tricts will be named. <fj: -
it is fUtogetner probable that the piat
f.rm presented and aacptea will be as
:; •.;ej.i»Hi. the most ara.-nt admirer o:'
¦\»Jiiiurn Jenning-s iiryan couid wisn. The
« rjirvtgo piatiorrr: will be nearly If not
*.? itatx&y m<Sbr&631 An ar.tl-trust plank
urafcn by Comptroller Color will be one
ci tbe tcature* ivnd attention may be
c :'.><; u i!...' tact that a bill drawn by
I'.;:.. CX&ta aimed at trusts has been
utl the statute boolis lor two years and
never has b«n enforced. by a Republican
i,;-<ni<-riH,Ti 'SIPj
'lhe delegates at large to be selected
will be: i^x-Senatcrs Murphy and HIil.
Hltharu Cioiier and Augustus Van WycK.
zir. Van Wycli's name was hajidled In
conversation about the corridors to-night
la an unfavorable manner, his alleged con
nection with the ice trust being brought
forih iis an argument against him. To
these criticisms the King-.-? County dele
pates answered that Mr. Van Wyck de
sired election as a vindication, but that
after his selection he would withdraw in
favor cf James Skevlin.
£i>£enatcr Hill has been selected as
the chairman of the committee on reso
lutions and »a« bu?y on the draft of the
p.atform to-night, being assisted in that
enterprise by ex-Senator Murphy, Perry
Bclmont, Johr F. Carroll and Elliott Dan
forth. They had hardly sat down to work
b» fore a. committee of the Chicago plat
form Democrats made them a visit. The
latter committee merely urged that the
platform in no way should be worded as
to fall to give plainly an indorsement
to the national issues of 3SC«C. They were
not averse to adding; new issues, but they
did not want evasive language on the
silver issue. When they came out they
professed to believe that the platform
would be satisfactory to them as follow
ers of W. J. Bryan. They were also a - c
pured that the deieprates ¦would be in
structed to vote for Mr. Bryan.
The newly elected State Committee, It
Is said to-night, shows a majority most
favorable to Senator Hill. Among the
members are Perry Belmont, Pa.trick Dlv
ver, John K. Carroll and Elliott Danfortb.
WARNS DEMOCRATS
AGAINST W. R. HEARST
Sacramento Bee Declares Tliat to Give
Kin Second Place on the Ticket
"Would Be Suicidal.
Er»-cl«l DIsra-tch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 4.— The Bee, whose
position as a leader in Bryan sentiment in
this State and Nevada that candidate has
often publicly acknowledged, to-night
publicly warns the Democratic party that,
to use the language of its own editorial
headline, "the idea of nominating W. R.
Henrst would be nothing short of political
suicide." The Bee curried Sacramento.
one of the banner Republican counties of
th- State, for Hry&n in the last Presiden
tial campaign, but that it despairs of ac
complishing that feat again with the
li*':Irfct handicap would appear from the
lo'l-jwing double-leaded editorial to-night:
"A widespread effort is on foot to give
W li. Hearst the second place on tne
Ucfcet with W. J. Bryan. The Bee hopes
It will not be successful. Hearst does not
believe in the doctrines which Bryan has
to eloquently advocated. Ke Is not a
Mlvcr man. He never was a silver
man Me is a rrold bug pure ajjd
i-impl*. His newspapers have repeatedly
lion- all they coulu to belittle Bryan, and
Ihera is no doubt that they would have
thrown the people's advocate over for
Oeorse I>-wey if the times had been pro
pitious. The most virulent attacic ever
ma.de on liryan appeared in the columns
of the New York Journal, written by Ar
thur MoEsi-en, evidently at the suggestion
of \V. K. Hearst. His nomination would
be suicidal and would proba-bly lose Cali
fornia, and Kew York to Brj'«m-
IDAHO DEMOCRATS.
LEWISTOX. Idaho. June 4.— The Dem
ocratic State Convention will meet In tills
cfty to-morrow to elect delegates to the
ICatlonal Convention at Kansas City.
There will b© a contest over seating: thft
two delegations from Shoshone County,
¦where martial law and the "permit sys
tem" are still enforced by the State au
thorities. Governor Steunenberg is pres
ent as a delegate. .His full strength is
being exerted to seat his Shoshone Coun
ty delegation. The contest will be close.
The Nei Peree Count?- convention- to
&ny went asainet the State administra
tion, alter a dose contest. Governor
Eteunenberg eays he will not ask to bo
elected a dekgate-at-larg** to the Kansas
City convention or for other than a gen
eral ?-ndorspment. but will insist on th»
peatir.p of the Shoshone County delega
tion. TTiere are some threats of sending a
contesting delegation to Kansas City if
Governor Steur.enbersr's Shoshone delega
tion be seated. Doth sides are caucus
ing to-nisrht and their relative strens^h
la uncertain.
FUSIONISTS GAIN
IN THE LEGISLATDRE
Elections That Indicats Temper of
People of Wcbfoct State, and
Probably Forecast Result
of National Struggle.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 4.— Returns
from to-day's election indicate that
the Republicans have carried the
State t>;- from 5000 to 8000 plurality.
It is estimated that C. E. Wolver
ton <It.) for Justice of the Supreme Court
will have a. plurality of E03Q, and J. W.
Bailey (R.) for Food and Dairy Commis
sioner is elected by €»3. In the S*cond
Congressional District the pluraffty for
Moody i.TL.) i.~ estimated at from 6000 to
7003. From the First Congressional Dis
trict, which has always been close, no re
turns have- been received except from ore
county, and Tongue (.11.) was running
a.he£.d cf his ticket.
AccorCir.:: to the returns the fusionists
have gained In the Legislature, but re
turns are too "meaner to permit of an es
timate at this hour, though the Republi
cans claim they will control both Houses.
NEW YORK DEMOCRATS
GULP DOWN BRYANiSM
Pluralities of Successful
Candidates Range From
5000 to 8000.
REPUBLICANS
HAVE CARRIED
OREGON STATE
The San Francisco Call
Filipinos Look! to ' the; Americans for
• Government." :<
"The educated classes; understand thor
oughly that it < is altogether out of theDEATH'S SUMMONS FOR
MRS. JOHN SHERMAN
Wife of the ex-Secretary of State
Passes Away at the Age
of Seventy-two.
MAXSnnLD, Ohio. June 4.— Mrs. John
Sherman riifd a.t midnight, agf-d 72 years.
She was Miss Margaret Cecelia Stewart,
only rhild of the late Judge Stewart of
this city. Fhe was married to Mr. Sher
man oa Dccimlipr 31. IMS. There are no
children. She was born here and will be
buried here.
Switching Station Burne'd.
CHI^O, June 4.— The switching etation
of th«> Butte County Electric Power and
I-ic-htinp Company In this city was en
tirely destroyed by fire this afternoon, en
tailing a Iops of $5000. There was no in
purance. The f.re was caused by crossed
wires.
Noted War Correspondent
and Novelist. Passes
Away in Germany.
STEPHEN CRANE IS
CALLED BY DEATH
TO ABROGATE
THE CLAYTON
BULWER PACT
Favorable Report by Morgan
on a Senate Reso
lution.
Declares It to Be the Duty of Con
gress to Free This Country
From^the Provisions of
the Treaty.
Morgan made a written report travers
ing the grounds for the abrogation of the
treaty In considerable detail.
The report is practically a plea for the
House Nicaragua canal bill. In It. Sen
ator Morgan says that "if the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty stands in the way of the
purposes of our Government, it must give
way to the paramount law If the House
bill is enacted Into a statute of the United
He admits, however, that It Is a ques
tion whether it is an obstruction. The
effect of the Hay-Paunceforte negotiation
Is discussed in detail and the conclusion
is drawn that "as to all that relates to
the canal, the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, if
it is ratified, terminates and abrogates
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty."
But if the Senate should reject the Hay-
Paunceforte treaty, he said, the startling
question will be raised whether the Sen
ate, in the exercise of Its treaty-making
power, can abdicate or paralyze Its
treaty-making power.
"Can one-third of the Senate, by de
feating the Hay-Pauncefote negotiation,"
he asks, "compel a majority or the Sen
ate to abstain from enacting the House
bill because the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
would be thereby put into full effect aa
a bar to such actions?"
In conclusion, the report says that "If
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is in force and
If Great Britain so Insists, It Is the clear
duty of Congress to declare that It la
abrogated." .'...'_>
If the treaty Is abrogated the conclu
sion Is that the way is cleared for propos
ing to Nicaragua and Costa Rica such
terms as may be appropriate for acquir
ing In those States whatever rights and
powers they are at liberty to concede to
enable the United States to construct and
control the canal, and also to open the
way for such a general declaration as to
the neutrality of the canal as shall meet
the approbation of the civilized powers.
"If this resolution is rejected and the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty Is not ratified we
will be left," says the report, "to the
alternative we should now accept of de
claring that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
cannot stand as a perpetual barrier. If
such Is the pleasure of Great Britain,
against the right of the United States to
construct a ship canal In connection with
Nicaragua to connect the -waters of the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
"The passage of the House bill now
pending should be tho first step In the
indispensable movement, and the Senate
should not permit the conclusion It may
have reached on the Hay-Pauncefote
¦ treaty, which is a minor consideration,
to obstruct the will of the majority of
this body in its action on the House bill."
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Senator Mor
gan, from the Committee on Interoceanic
Canals, to-day favorably reported a reso
lution for the abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. As 'reported the resolu
tion reads:
That the treaty known aa the Clayton-Bul-
Wer treaty between Great Britain and the
United States, which was concluded on the
19th day of April, 1S50, is abrogated.
• for Work on the San Joaquin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
WASHINGTON, June* .4.— In anticipa
tion of the passage of the river and har
bor bill at the next session of Congress.
Representative De Vriea -to-day lntro-
Bill Introduced Appropriating Money
FOR RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
1^ and Army Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Pensions for
Californlans: Original— George Maxey,
tJkiah, $12; "William J. Hamilton, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; Theodore Moore.
Dlxon, J6; William Quade, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6. Additional— Joseph L.
Tharp San Francisco. $8. Increase — Ed
gar Rankin, San Francisco. 5S.
Washington: Original— William Allen,
Seattle. $b. Increase— Alonzo D. Ware.
Ilia, $10: Alonzo L. Wlllard, Olympla, $10.
Original widows, etc., special, accrued
May 22 — Sarnantha Jones, Everett, $8.
Oregon: Original— Henry W. Miller,
Montavllla, $8.
Postmasters appointed for California-
Fair Play. El Dorado County, Minnie E.
Allen, vice Howard P. Dow. resigned:
Maltmorro, Fresno County. John J. Berig
ger. vice G. H. Malter. resigned; Walters.
Riverside County, George L. Curtis, vice
D. W. Mulr, resigned.
Representative Waters has been notified
that free delivery service will be estab
lished at Watsonville. Cal., with two car
riers; also rural free delivery from the
same place on June 11.
Major Samuel O. L. Potter, surceon. U.
S. V., now at San Francisco, will report
to the commanding general of the De
partment of California for temporary
duty in that department.
Iiist of Pensions, Postofflce Changes
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Jose Severlno, Quenons of Porto Rico, to be
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Porto
Rico; Liouls Sulzbacher of/ Missouri, Jose E.
C. Harnendeas of Porto Rico. Jose M. Plcqueras
of Porto Rico and Rafael Noeto y AbelU of
Porto Kico, to be Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of Porto Rico; -William Holl
of Kentucky to be United States District Judge
for the district of Porto Rico: 'Kd ward S. Wil-
Bon of Ohio, to be United States Marshal for
the district of Porto Rico; Noah B. K. Pet
tlngill of Porto Rico, to be United States Dis
trict Attorney for Porto IUco; Joseph F. Daly
of New York, Lee S. Row of Pennsylvania
and Juan Fernandez Lopez of San Juan. P.
R., ;to be membeni of the commission to com
pile and revise the laws of Porto Rico; Jose
E. C. Barbosa of San Juan. Rosendo Matlenzo
Cintron of Ponce, Jose de Diego of Mayaguez,
Manuel r Camunas of Fajardo and Andreas
Crosas of San Juan, to be member*, of the
executive council of Porto Rico; Martin Grove
Brumbaugh : of Pennsylvania, to be Commis
sioner of Education of Porto Rico. . - -
"WASHINGTON, June 4.— The President
to-day cent the following nominations to
the Senate:
in Nominations Sent to the
Senate.
Many Natives of the Island Included
NAMED FOR OFFICIAL
PLACES IN PORTO RICO
BADEN-WEILER. June 5. — Stephen
Crane, the famous war correspondent,
who' was removed to the Black Forest of
Germany In the hope that It would Im
prove his health, died to-day', aged 30
years. His wife was at 'his bedside.
The Late Stephen Crane.
thieves escaped with their booty.
Wounded Refugees Arrive.
LONDON, June 5.— The" Daily Mail has
thfe 'following dispatch .dated Monday,
from Shanghai: Later reports from Tien
tsin show that no British or American
missionaries were among the refugees
who escaped from the Pao Ting Fu Dis
trict. ' The safety of the seven foreigners
still missing is despaired of. Twenty
three of the French and Belgian party
arrived wounded at Tientsin after ter
rible suffering. . I
. The Peking correspondent of the Times,
telegraphing June 3, says: The Boxers
have burned Huang Tsun station, on the
Peking-Tientsin Railway. The railway
service is dislocated and the foreign
guards are necessary to police the line.
The services of a party of Cossacks were
accepted on Sunday to accompany the re
lief party from Tientsin to rescue the
mining engineers in the interior. The re
lief party returned without fulfilling its
mission. Two Russian officers have been
wounded by the Boxers and another Rus
sian detachment is sure to be sent to
punish the assailants.
The reported murders of the mission
aries appear to be fictitious, although the
fate of one British missionary is causing
anxiety. Chinese who are associated with i
foreigners or with Christianity are beinj
vigorously persecuted.
British Interests in China.
LONDON, June s.— The Times, dealing
! editorially this morning- with the Chinese
situation alludes to the Immense British.
Interests in China and the enormous dam
age to the railway and other property
that has already resulted from the action,
of the Boxers. It criticizes British di
plomacy In the past and points out the
necessity for taking the lead In strong
measures.
"We should rejoice to do so," says tho
Times, "In company with our American
kinsfolk, the only Western nation whose
Interests in the Far East are, perhaps,
quite Identical in most respects with our
own, but that, of course. Is a matter en
tirely for them to decide. In any case
we must assert our hegemony on penalty
of forfeiting it. and we must assert it
with energy and dispatch. Happily "the
naval brigade from our. fleet In Chinese
waters affords us the means needed for
this step" at the briefest possible notice."
TIENTSIN, June 4.— The Boxers are re
ported four miles off, and an attack la
expected. Everything Is ready and the
residents are confident. Thirty-five Ger
man missionaries arrived here this even
ing. Three Belgian engineers have ar
rived. The French Consul says eleven are
still missing, but there are hopes of saving
them.
partment this afternoon. The department
had cabled Minister Conger in the inter
est of friends of Rev. Charles Tracy Pit
kin, one of the American missionaries at
Pao Ting Fu, asking fur Information as to
his condition, Mr. Conger, in obtaining
this information, must l.ave first ac
quainted himself with the situation at Pao
Ting Fu.
Most Alarming Reports.
PEKING. Sunday, June 3.— The' most
alarming reports are constantly arriving
from the country, especially from Pao
Ting Fu. The telegraph wires from Pe
king to Pao Ting Fu are cut and all news
comes via Tientsin. A serious crisis ex
ists at the palace. The ultra-conserva
tive party advocates not taking repressive
measures, urging the Dowager Empress
to allow the Boxers to finish the work of
driving the foreigners out of the country,
while the moderate party, led by Prince
Ching, represents ,the serious danger of
provoking a conflict with the powers. It
Is impossible to confirm or deny the re
port, but significant Indications of tho
feeling of the Government toward foreign
ers are contained In the attempt to arrest
Lin. Chinese manager of the Peking syn
dicate; Kla, chief of the Shan SI Commer
cial Bureau, and Fan, a leading banker
of Shan Si. on the ground that they were
"dangerous characters," but in reality be
cause they are connected with the new
British enterprises. Fortunately all of
them were absent and they have not yet
been arrested. The British Minister, Sir
Claude McDonald^ has addressed a note
to the Tsung LI Yamen demanding. to
know why the arrests were ordered.
Dispatch of the Cossacks.
LONDON, June 4. — According to a spe
cial dispatch from Shanghai the Cossacks
were dispatched to the rescue of the Bel
gians after a stormy interview between
the Belgian Minister, Baron deVlnck de
Deux Orp. and the members of the Tsung
U Yamen. The dispatch says also:
"Over forty miles of bridges and sta
tions on the Lu Han Railway have been
destroyed and It will take months to re
pair the damage done. The German and
Austrian guards have arrived at Peking.
It is asserted t-hat the Government is de
laying the transmission of telegrams - In
order to conceal the movements of the
Boxers. Apparently the Chinese officials
will do nothing to prevent the massacres
and otitrages unless the powers take some
concerted action.
SHANGHAI. June 4. — A number of des
peradoes, disguised as passengers, have
pirated the British Yangtse steamer
Kutwo. They committed wholesale rob
beries, terrorizing the passengers, who
were quite unable to offer resistance. The
WASHINGTON. June 4.— The fol
lowing telegram has been re
ceived at the State Department
from United States Minister
Conger at Peking:
"PEKING. June 4.— Outside of Peking
the murders and persecutions by the
'Boxers' seem to be on the increase. The
Pao Ting Fu Railway Is temporarily
abandoned. Work on the Peking and
Hangkow line Is stopped. All foreigners
have fled. The Chinese Government seems
either unwilling .or unable to suppress
the trouble. The troops show no energy
in attacking the 'Boxers.' CONGER."
Grave as these advices are, they have
not Induced the State Department to vary
the line of action it has laid down. The
naval force of the United States near Pe
king, represented by one vessel, the New
ark, has not been strengthend, but. If oc
casion should arise. Admiral Kempn*
might be reinforced to almost any extent
likely to be needed in the course of three
or four days from the American fleet still
at Manila and vicinity.
An Example to the Powers.
Owing to the peculiar character of the
Chinese coast naval vessels of formidable
type are unable to approach the populous
provinces of China, and especially are the
"Boxer" afflicted communities inacces
sible to naval vessels. The fc^ate Depart
ment does not contemplate the use of
United States troops, and It would be dif
ficult to spare any of the force now opera
ting in the Philippines, even if it were
found expedient to employ the military
arm. So, for the time being at least, the
small marine contingents at Peking and
Tientsin must represent the defensive
power of the United States, for it Is dis
tinctly stated that these marines are em
ployed simply In the protection of the
United States Legation and consulates
and for the assistance of such American
citizens as may be In jeopardy.
It is possible that the State Department.
In assuming this attitude, ts Influenced by
a desire to set an example to some of the
other powers, whose actions are not be
lieved to be entirely disinterested.
Some slight encouragement as to tho
condition prevailing at- the end of the
Peking Railroad, where the engineers
have been beset, was conveyed Indirectly
In a. cablegram received at th© State De-
THE "BOXER" MOVEMENT IN CHINA.
Murder of the t wo French officers by "Boxers" near Kwang-Chow-Wan.
From L« Petit Journal.
duced bills appropriating J225.0OO for tha
construction of a diverting canal and Im
provements on the San Joaquin River and
Stockton '"and Mormon channels; $250,000
for building dams. etc.. on Bear River,
and $250,000 for similar work on the
American River under recommendations
from the California Debris Commission.
• 0
Decision of the Lower
Tribunal.
YOUNG ABE MAJORS MUST
SUFFER DEATH PENALTY
Supreme Court «f TJtali Affirms tha
SALT LAKE. June 4.— "The Judgment
and sentence of the District Court is af
firmed and the cause remanded to said
court with directions to execute the Judg
ment and sentence In accordance with
tVia. trin >'
The above words formed the concluding
sentence in a decision rendered by the Su
preme Court to-day in the case of younsr
Abe Majors, alias James Morgan, now
under sentence of death for the killing
of Police Captain William Brown, near
the Hot Springs. Ogden, Sunday after
noon, April 30, 1S39.
The original information charged Ma
jors with the murder of William Brown
and he was found guilty at Brigham City
in May, 1S30. of murder in the first de
gree. Upon his own selection he was sen
tenced to be shot. A motion for a new
trial was made and denied. This and tho
judgment of conviction was made the
basis of an appeal. The case wa* argued
before the Supreme Court on May 14 last.
CAITAIN COGHLAN ILL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— Information
has been received at the Navy Depart
ment that Captain J. B. Co^hlan, who
commanded the cruiser Raleigh In the
battle of Manila Bay. is seriously 111 anl
has been removed to a hospital to under
go treatment. The department has or
dered to duty as his successor In com
mand of the Puget Sound Naval Sta
tion Captain N. M. Dyer, who command
ed the cruiser Baltimore under Admiral
Dewey. When Captain Coghlan recovers
he will relieve Captain Dyer.
Mioister Cooger Ser)ds a Grave Report of the
Disturbances in China, but tbe Uoitc.d
States Will Not Increase Its Guard.
Senator Fairbanks Prevents Its Re
jectio - by Talking Against
Time.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— The Senate
was in executive session for three hours
to-day, dividing its time between an ex
tradition treaty, which has been negoti
ated recently with the republic of Switzer
land, and the nomination of Hon. W. D.
Hynurn. to be General Appraiser of Mer
chandise at New York. The treaty was
ratiiied without division after (some slight
verbal amendments. It is the regulation
agreement on the subject of extradition of
criminals tmd is a mere modification of
the old treaty with Switzerland. Accord
ing to the former agreement Switzerland
was pledged to the surrender of her own
citizens upon demand of the United
States, but a law having been enacted
recently by the legislative assembly of
thai country making it unlawful to make
?uch surrcniWr, a new treaty became nec
essarjr to conform to the new conditions
and accordingly the treaty ratified to-day
was negotiated.
When the treaty was disposed of the
Bycum nomination wa» taken up and its
consideration pushed by Senators who
opjiosed confirmation on the theory that
if. a vote could be secured confirmation
would be defeated. Senator Fairbanks,
as i!r. BynunVs irlend and chifcf sup
porter, opposed consideration and failing
in his purpose moved to recommit the
nomination to the Committee on Finance.
This motion was lost by a vote of Zl to
C4. Fairbanks then, at 4 o'clock, took the
"nor and s^poke for the remaining two
hour? of the executive session. The
closed session vr&s brought to an end a
few minutes before K o'clock by an order
for a root;'? at that hour and action upon
the nomination to-day was prevented.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— Congress is in
the last gasps of the long session and
Its expiration apparently is to be quite
perfunctory. "Unless something extraor
dinary occurs, no further general legisla
tion cf national importance will be en-
Jijcicd before the linal adjournment. The
Senate vsa.8 in session more than ten
hours to-day, nearly four of which were
Fpent in executive session.
The only feature of the day session was
the speech on the Philippine question by
Teller of Colorado and the effort of Pet
ugiew of South Dakota to obtain con
sideration of the anti-trust bill passed by
the House last Saturday.
To-night u. picturesque session was held
— a sort of social session, at which
maxiy of the Senators appeared in full
dress, and the galleries were thronged
vrltb a gayly attired crowd of spectators.
Pettigrcw replied at length to the speech
of Spooner of Wisconsin on the Pniiip
pincs, but did not conclude his remarks.
The remainder of the session was con
sumed in the consideration of conference
reports and in passing of minor measures
en the calendar.
House Votes to Aid St. Louis.
The House to-day agreed to the Sen
ate amendment to the Sundry Civil bill
iipproijriatir.g Sj.OoO.Oou for the Louisiana
Purchase exposition. There was not a
word of debate on concurrence In the
amendment. It was after 6 o'clock when
the matter came up, and, owing to the
lateness of the hour and the overwhelm
ing majority in its favor, the opponents
ol the fair appropriation did not even
make a ehow of opposition. They con
tented themselves with demanding a roll
call, which resulted in. 127 ayes against
75 noes.
Only four appropriation bills remain in
dispute between the two houses. Tawney
of Minnesota is making an effort to delay
linal adjournment unless action is had
on the Grout oleomargarine bill, but he
mot v.-ith no success to-day. Everything
fo far as the House is concerned Indicates^
final adjournment on Wednesday.
BYNUM'S NOMINATION
COMES UP IN SENATE
In the House th« Appropria
for the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition Is
Agreed To.
Senate Disposes of Minor
Measures on the
Calendar.
MING THE
ADJOURNMENT
OF CONGRESS
HAVANA, June 4 — Acting Director of
Posts Brlstow to-day inquired as to the
amount of postal funds taken by C. F.
W. Neely in May, 1899, and ascertained
that it was $31,312 95. Neely's monthly
average was about $17,000. His system of
bookkeeping was simplicity itself. Ap
parently he merely divided the amounts
received, taking one-half for himself and
accounting for the other half. •
This morning the examination of Estes
G. Rathbone, former director of posts.
was continued. It lasted more than four
hours. The most startling fact developed
was that on May 26 of last year Mr. Rath*
bone ordered Special Agents Leatherer
and Sullivan to' examine the accounts.
They found a shortage, but it was not
thought that anything had gone wrong.
They reported, however, that there was
no check upon the Bureau of Finance and
they recommended that certain blank
forms be made, which would answer the
purpose, such as all Postmasters use when
making their reports *tt> the department
monthly. Mr. Maynard, then chief agent,
indorsed the recommendation and for
warded it to Mr. R'athbone. The latter
approved it and sent it to Auditor Reeves,
who initialed it and forwarded it to
Neely. After he had initialed it, instead
of putting the scheme into operation, he
quietly pigeonholed it and it did not see
the light until May 15 of this year, when
the plan was put into effect.
\ir. Brlstow says he is almost sure
that the extent of the steal will amount
to something between $$0,000 and $100,000,
but that this will not touch the item of
surcharge stamps, which is $411,000. As
to how many of these were burned and
bow many sold it is impossible to obtain
definite information. As many have been
traced, it is known positively that all
were not destroyed, but if Neely sold, say
fifty or a houndred thousand dollars'
worth, it would not be surprising, Mr.
Bristow •thinks, to ftnd them scattered
all over the world. The postal inspectors
say it is astonishing that -a system so
rotten could have been concealed beyond
the first month. Every day only adds to
the surprises.
Hopes are expressed by some of the
local papers that, as Governor Roosevelt
has signed the extradition order, no fur
ther time will be wasted in bringing
Neely to trial. The Cubano says:
"Cuba is not primarily interested, but
she looks to see what the United States
will • do. Fraud is not the monopoly of
any nation; and there is great difference
between the frauds of the Postofflce and
those committed under the Spanish re
gime. Now thorough investigation is be
ing made with a view of punishing the
criminals. In former days the criminals
went scot free. Tbe Americans are prov
ing themselves more honest than the
Government which ruled Cuba for four
hundred years."
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
ON NEELY'S THEFTS
ALBANY, Nv Y., June 4.— Governor
Roosevelt to-night made public his rea
sons for granting the application for the
extradition of C. F. W. Neely, implicated
in the Cuban postal frauds. He said?
"I went over the briefs BUbmttted to
me by both sides carefully, and also con
sulted very carefully with the Attorney
General in the matter. While admitting
that an argument could be made on both
sides, it seemed perfectly clear to me
that In both law and morals it was my
duty to grant the, extradition of Mr.
Neely. I was glad that the decisions be
fore me warranted this action, because I
feel that the reasons for granting an ex
tradition In the case of another State ap
ply with tenfold greater force In the
case of Cuba, where the United States is
bound by every consideration to see that
its officials give It an administration that
shall be literally stainless in point of. in
tegrity." ¦-
Investigation of Cuban Postal Frauds
Shows That Early Estimates of
Their Extent Were Too
Modest.
Generous in His Treatment
of the Government He
Represented.
NEELY STOLE
ONLY HALF OF
THE RECEIPTS
MURDERS AND PERSECUTIONS
BY "BOXERS" ON THE INCREASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
DESERTS HER HUSBAND.
rested in Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Wife of a San Francisco Tailor Ar-
WOODLAND, June 4.— H. C. Dudman,
who claims that he represents the. Inde-
Eendent Oil Company, and Mrs. O. F.
angtry, the wife of a tailor In San Fran
cisco, were arrested to-day at the instance
of the woman's husband. Last. Thursday
Dudman arrived in this place, being
joined Saturday evening by Mrs. Lang
try, whom he introduced as his wife.
When Langtry learned of the whereabouts
of the couple he caused their arrest. .Mrs.
Langtry-was released. on her own recog
nizance, while Dudman deposited $100 ball.'
The preliminary hearing Is set for June 22.
MANY OF BRABANPS
MEN ARE CAPTURED
MASERU, Basutoland, Friday, June 1.—
General Brabant's Horse have been the
subjects of several small captures 'at the
hands of the Boers. Lieutenant Rundle
and twenty men while searching a farm*
house in tfie FIcksburg district were cap
tured. . Two of the men were wounded.
Lieutenant Lees and two men were cap
tured while commandeering. Another pa
trol of the border horse numbering twenty
men while pursuing a small party of
Boers were surrounded and captured.
Count Gleichen sent thirteen men of the
Provincial Horse, under Lieutenant Bow
ker, with a flag of truce to Senekal to
demand the surrender of the place. The
Boers captured the entire party and after
robbing the men of all but their clothing
sent them to Urede, whence some of them
managed to escape. Most of those who
succeeded in eluding their guards, how
ever, were recaptured.
CONFUSION AT PBETORIA.
CAPE TOWN. Sunday, June 3.—The
telegraph to Pretoria is still open, but
th© town is In great, confusion. There
has been a-general exodus, among those
taking part in it being the foreign fighting
legion. Six specfal trains left on Wednes
day last and one of them Is reported to
have been derailed. No British refugees
have arrived. ¦
¦ •
Death, of a Pioneer Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 4.—Mrs. Luisa Diaz,
an aged , resident of this place and w«ll
known among the old families of the city,
is dead. Mrs.; Diaz-was born In Monterey
in 1827 and lived here all-her life: She
witnessed the: passing of; California from
the dominion of Mexico; to that of the
United States. : The funeral took - place
yesterday afternoon. 'AtSSSSBtBSBl
The professors of the leading universi
ties of the Netherlands have Issued a
manifesto to the professors of the Amer
ican universities appealing for the-lr aid
In stopping the Boer war. President
Wheeler yesterday received a copy of the
manifesto. It Is signed by the- members
of the faculties of the Universities of
Leyden. Utrecht, Groningen. Amsterdam.
Free University of Amsterdam and the
Delft Polytechnicum. The letter to the
University of California la as follows:
Colleagues, the horrible war which has now
for more thun fix months been ravaging South
Africa, impoverishing and exterminating its
population, devastating Its farms and'threat
ening to destroy its civilization. . compels us,
professors of the universities of the Nether
lands, to apply to you. professors of the uni
versities of the United States of America. We
seek your assistance and your support before
It Is too late, before the overwhelming forces
of an empire, encircling the globe and with
inexhaustible resources, have crushed the two
Dutch republics.
Our ancestors, partly also yours and theirs,
once successfully fought at the cost of much
blood and tears against a similarly overwhelm
ing rower for Justice and liberty. Your an
cestor* have fought the same enemy that the
weak republics are fighting to-day. And, sup
ported by the sympathy, yea the material as
elstance of our ancestors, they have eucceeded
under great difficulties In establishing their
i Independence, because they were convinced
1 that a nation has the right, as Is stated in
I your Klorious. Iteclaratlon of Independence,
1 "to organize its powers In such form as to
! them shall seem most likely to effect their
safety and happiness." desiring "to assume
among the powers of the earth the separate
and equal station to which the laws of na
ture and of nature's God entitle them."
In tbe name of those ancestors, ours who
for elehty years fought Spain for their lnde-
I«endence, yours^ who after an eight years'
struggle shook off England's yoke of "abso
lute tyranny." In the name of Justice and lib
erty, we ask you: Support the efforts of the
envoy? of your two sister ' republics - who > are
now In your midst to obtain from England
PROFESSORS MAKE PLEA
ON BEHALF OF THE BOERS
peace In South Africa, with the preservation of
their Independence.
The representatives of the United States of
America have also slcned the prlncloles of
peace and pustlca laid down at the Hague
conference. Many of your citizens have been
amontßt those who looked forward with glad
anticipation to the meeting of this confer
ence. Now that the opportunity presents it
self, even pushes Itself to the forecround. let
us do whatever we can for the realization of
the beautiful Idea of the Emperor of all the
Rupßias, In order to further peace and Justice
in the world.
Do not forget that the national existence is
at stake of A nation belonging to the race
which once afforded assistance and hospitality
to the founders of your national existence;
of the race which once assisted In establish
ing also your Independence at the cost of val
uable lives and possessions; ot the race which
has been the ftrrt to recognize the flag of your
free union. Do not forgft that in this war
two of the most valuable possessions of man
kind are at stake, justice and liberty, without
which no worthy national existence is possi
ble. .
Therefore, we Invoke with confidence your
assistance and your support for the men of
peace whc have repaired to you. Assist in
enlightening your people and your Govern
ment, and perhaps also the people and the
Government of Great Britain, and show them
the way of Justice, the only way worthy of a
free nation. ,In so doing you will remain
faithful to the device of our common ances
tors a device which In their, own language,
having once become a battle cry, resounds,
this time over the blood-stained fields of South
Africa: "For I»lherty and .for Justice."
2
Mr. Tom A. Boone, a prominent citi-
zen of Greensboro. Ga., has used Peruna
with the following good results. Mr.
Bocno says:
"For many years I have been a sufferer
from catarrh. My constitution was also
weak, having no appetite, and. feeling as
though I was not fit for work of any
kind. I have followed the printing busi-
ness for fifteen years, and the dust from
the type would settle on my lungs and
cause me to have a headache all the time.
" I began using Peruna as a ca-
tarrhal tonic, and now I feel as if I
were a new person. Peruna built up
my system and gave me a good ap-
petite, which I have not had for many
The above testimonials are only two of 50,000 letters received
touching the merits of Peruna as a catarrhal tonic. No more useful
remedy to tone up the system has ever been devised by the
medical profession.
II. S. Emory
years- I consider it a great medicine
and wish I could express myself more
fully in its behalf."
H S Emory, vice chancellor and mas-
ter of arms. K. P.'s of Omaha. Neb..
writes from 213 _^_^_____^^^_^__
North Sixteenth i
street, the fol- J^SL. I
lowing words of r"^
praise for Pe- / «?»
runa as a tonic ' f~%*T*s. TwL
He says: Y3^P »*R
"It la with / /. >)
pleasure I reccm- Vftg?]^ y
mend Peruna as rilnk I
a tonic of unusu- Va,* I^iv--
al merit. A large Jc-
number of prom- •^*T/i«f ( 2^«5^J?!Jsj
Inent members of \a22*^* \"- V-
the different or- « *|\ ri'%''
ders with which \ ff\ jf
I have been con- * ' " l
nected have been ti s r nnrr
cured by the use "' a " Lm ° n -
of Peruna of
cases of catarrh of the stomach ami
head; also in kidney complaint and weak-
ness of the pelvic orgar.3.
"it tones up the system, aids
digestion, induces sleep, and is well
worthy the confidence of sufferers of
the above complaints."
Nervous Debility.
Everyone who Is In the least decree
subject to nervousness, sleeplessness
prostration, mental fatigue or nervoui
debility In any form, finds the hot weath-
er of June. July and August very hard
to bear, if not dangerous.
Tho only safe course to take Is to keep
the blood pure, digestion good and sleep,
resular. No remedy equals In all respecU
Peruna for these purposes. If the sys-
tem is run down and weakened by catarrh
Peruna renovates and rejuvenates the
nerves and brain.
A book on the catarrhal diseases of
summer •will be mailed to any address.
upon request by The Peruna Medicine
Co.. Columbus, Ohio.
TWO WELL-KNOWN CITIZENS
RESTORED TO ROBUST HEALTH,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERY DOLLMR
YOU INVEST IN
OPH/R OIL STOCK
will be devoted to actual de-
velopment of the property.
The officers of the company
draw NO 8ALARIK3 and ar»
not dependent on stock sales
for a livelihood. The company
Is organized to
...GET OIL...
and establish a businesa of
profit. Some stocks are dear
at any price.
OPHIRO1L STOCK
Is cheap at Its present selling
price. Fully paid and non-
assessable. Call or send tor
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Loa Angeles Office. 403 Douglaa Block.
OPHIROILCOMPANY
Th« cause of
most of your
pains and mis-
Nerves.
HUD VAN cor-
rocts the evil.
If yon take
HUDTAN. you
will rapidly
gain strength
and n e r-v e
fprce. for IIUD-
TAX create*
nerve tissue.
H t: D T A X
cur* 1 * headaches
or d 1 7 7. j n»ns
<Fi£. 2), coated
tongue or of-
f«*ni-ive breath
<Flg. O. palna
in s h o u 1 derh
<Flg. 7). op.
pr?85ed feeling
in chegt (Fig.
4). indigestion
or bloating of
stomach (Flit.
S>. torpid liver
<F1k. 1), and
c o n • tipatlcn.
Fhaky knees,
want of confi-
dence, lack of
enercy. all-con*
or tired feeling,
physical or
mental weak-
ness.
H U D T A N
rnaJcea one f^el
4< <v Consult Free tho
f °°^i^y T ! Hndyan Doctor*. Call
q or write to thetn.
that* life 1 w
worth IJvInc. for It Insures a reirular dlpcharne
of every bodily function, which means health.
HUDTAN cxfrt* a foothing InHuencf. which
»oon rr.anff»>«i Itself In a rapid gain of nerve-
<;'-!' t and atrensth.
<irt HL'OVAN from your drueelst, 50e a
r ¦•••¦ -ka» <•; ctx parkasr* for ?2 CO. K your dnjR-
rist flot» not kf*D it. uend direct to
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Cor. Stockton. Ellis acd KarVet Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
NERVES!
BE ATHLETIC,
BE STRONG]
LOOK TO YOUR
ADVEBTISEMESTS.
Mr. Tom A. Boone, Greensboro, Ga.
Tired,
Irritable and
Nervous Women.
They lack energ-y. have headache,
dizziness, costlveness, tendency to
faint, sleeplessness and numerous
other symptoms. Their life Is a
burden— much misery and little
health or happiness, when In this
condition they contract disease**
that would not afflict them when In
a healthy state. These distressing
ivmptonis develop chronic diseases,
which sooner or later cause Intense
..uttering If not death. i
The Main Cause
Is Impure Blood. |
Purify your blood and correct the
trouble. # '
ELECTROZONE j
Is the most effectual eradlcator of
impurities from the blood. ELEC-
TROZONE prevents disease. j
At Druggists. $1 Bottle.
Send for pamphlets to •
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. S. F. I
\Jtrvnrinri
5 ) V)One Man May Die.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June" 4.— Three Japanese at
the Japanese Mission at 401 North Sec
ond street became Involved in a row over
a game of cards last night. M. Tsuzl
moto, one of the trio, was badly cut about
the head and arms in at least twenty
plaoes. His left arm was so badly, cut
that it was necessary to amputate it at
the elbow in order to save his life. It Is
feared he will lose the use of his right
' T. Shlmiza and M. Mayeda, his assail
ants, have been arrested and charged with
attempt at murder, and the charge may
yet be a more serious one. They attacked
Tsuzimoto with knives and the - man la
nearly dead from loss of blood.
TO SURVEY CACHE CREEK.
9- Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND,; June 4.— Professor Mead
of the United* States Department of Ag
riculture writes to the Woodland Cham
ber of Commerce that he has arranged
to have Professor J. M. Wilson, ex-Stato
Engineer of Nebraska, make an Investi
gation of Cache Creek In response to the
request of the California Forest Associa
tion. > He will . be assisted, by Frank
Adams, a" graduate of Stanford Universi
ty. "Work will be commenced as soon as
the people of Yolo County hay© v sub
scribed • an amount equal to that to be
expended by the Government.--; , V- '
CHIC AGP, June 4.— Rev. W. P. Cleveland,
one of the oldest members of the Methodist
ministry, died to-day at his home In Rogers
Park aged 83. He was born in Delaware
County, N. Y., and was ordained a minister
fifty-nine years ago. Dr. Cleveland performed
valuable sen-ice during the Civil War as a
secret officer under General Grant.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. June 4.-The Amer
ican Academy of Medicine, which has been In
session for several, days, to-day elected the
following officers: President. Dr. Samuel D.
RIsley, Philadelphia: vice presidents. Dr. C.
McCulver of Albany, N. Y., Dr. G. G. Graft
of San Juan, P. R.: secretary treasurer, Dr.
Charles Mclntyre.'Easton, Pa.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., June 4.— John A. Gra
ham of Savannah, Ga., capitalist and senior
partner of the Graham Lumber Company at St.
Marks, last night shot and killed City Coun
cilman John -Bradford of Tallahassee, manager
of Graham's large sawmill at St. Marks.', The
men had a dispute over the settlement of some
business accounts.
VENDOME. France. June 4. — The statue
erected by subscriptions . opened in France and
in the United States In honor of General
Rochambeau of Revolutionary War fame was
unveljed here this afternoon with great cere
mony. United States Embassador Porter made
an appropriate address.
PHILADELPHIA, June 4.— The British bark
Bessie Markham from Buenos Ayres is de
tained at quarantine, having come from a
plague-infected port. On the voyage Captain
Robert Stewart died and was burled at sea.
The nature of his malady was not known.
FOXBORO, Mass., June 4. — The town hall
which, besides the town offices, contained the
high, grammar and .three Intermediate schools
of the town, burned to-day. George H. Josslyn
was killed and three others were Injured, one
of whom will probably die.
NEW YORK, June 4.— The tenth annual con
gress of the Social Labor party was continued
to-day. Robert McKe&wn of Pittsfleld, Mass.,
was made permanent chairman for the . day
and Thomas Boland of New York vice-chair
man.
MILWAUKEE, June 4.— The biennial congress
of women's clubs will open here to-morrow. It
Is estimated 2000 visitors' have arrived and
other big delegations will continue to come
until Tuesday noon.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 4.— Mount Holly
Inn, a new hotel which was rapidly approach
ing completion at Walbrook. a suburb of Balti
more, burned to-day, entailing a loss of $85,000;
Insurance, $60,000.
WINDSOR, Eng.. June 4.— In the St. George's
chapel here to-day In the presence of all the
military knights. Major C. M. Dale, late of
the Canadian militia, was Installed as a mili
tary knight.
KEY WEST, Fla.. June 4.— The Copenhag-en,
a British steamer, ran ashore on a reef near
Fort Lauderdale. seventy miles north of Cape
Florida. May 20. The steamer Is a total wreck.
CAIRO, Egypt, June 4.— Six new cases of
bubonic plague and two deaths are reported
to-day.
"WASHINGTON, June 4.— The Senate to-day
confirmed E. R. Slack to be Collector of Cus
toms for the district of Hawaii.
NEW YORK, June 4.— John P. Maiquand,
senior member of the banking firm of Blake
Bros. & Co. of New York and Boston, died
Jn this city to-day.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
The police and Sheriff Langford were
soon on the scene, but could obtain no
definite description of the man. John
Kelly, a laborer on a ranch near Almaden,
was "arrested on suspicion, and later Sher
iff Langford arrested Jim Moreland near
Lawrence station. They were subsequent
ly released. The' Sheriff finally obtained
a description of the man from Woods ana
he and Bache ran down their man in the
Reception saloon. When arrested by Dep
uty Sheriff Bache he confessed he had
killed Narvaez.
Winship was placed in prison, but he
refuses to make any further statement.
No weapon was found on him, the gun
having evidently been- hidden.
Frank Narvaez, the dead man. was 36
years old and had always lived in this
community. .He drank a great deal, but
was of a peaceable nature. He md Win
ship had been drinking together last
night. Winshlp's reputation has not been
of the best. A year ago he 'was arrestea
on suspicion of having committed a burg
lary, and it is said he had been in cus
tody at Fresno for horse stealing, but
was acquitted. A few months ago he was
arrested and fined for carrying a con
cealed weapon. He is about 40 years old
and has an aged mother residing here.
Just what led to the shooting is un
known. Both men entered the restaurant
together and ordered a meal. They en
gaged in a wrangle during the eating, al
though little attention was paid to them.
The next thing noticed was that Win
ship had a revolver in his hand and was
holding Narvaez by the shoulder, trying
to shoot him in the head. Narvaez pushed
the weapon aeLde several times, but Win
ship finally placed the pistol against his
victim's neck and fired. The bullet, a 38
caliber, entered the neck below the left
ear and pierced the jugular vein. It
ranged downward and lodged between the
seventh and eighth ribs. After staggering
a few feet, Xarvaez fell over dead. No
weapon was found on the dead man,
Winship rushed from the place, leaving
25 cents on the counter to pay for his
meal. The waiters and others in the res
taurant were so excited they made no at
tempt to stop Winship and could give no
description of him.
Ed Woods, a bartender, left the restau
rant by a side entrance and started down
Fountain street. Winship started in the
same direction and at tha corner of Sec
ond street crossed over and accosted
Woods. Still holding the revolver In his
hand, he said, "You are with me, aren't
you, partner?" Woods replied In the af
firmative, and Winship went on down Sec
ond street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. June 4. — Tom Winship, an
engineer who has been employed at va
rious places about the county, has con
fessed to the killing of Frank Narvaez In
the Universal restaurant shortly after 1
o'clock this morning. The admission was
made at noon to-day when Winship was
arrested by Deputy Sheriff Bache. Win
ship claims he acted in self-defense, but
eye-witnesses declare it was a cold-blood
ed crime.
Prisoner Pleads That He Shot in Self-
Defense, but No Weapon Was
Pound on the Dead
Police Arrest Tom Winship,
Who Admits He Did
the Deed.
MURDERER OF
FRANK NARVAEZ
HAS CONFESSED
He still insisted that she should keep
off the stage. Mrs. Potter replied that
she loved her art better than life and
would not give It up. She said that these
were the days of a dark age when women
were slaves. In correspondence with Mr.
-Potter she said that his family was noth
ing to her— she hated the very name of
his people and that Mr. Potter's uncle
Henry (meaning Bishop Potter) was all
fuss and feathers, name and family pride.
Their daughter- remained with her
mother until the latter came to America,
when Mr. Potter took her to Tuxedo.
Mrs. Potter visitetl there to see her
daughter, but was received only as a
guest, not as mistress of the house. Again
she saw the daughter on the streets m
New York some years later and would
not have known her had 'it not been for
a nurse who had been in the family since
the birth of the child. During the ab
sence from the family Mrs. Potter's let
ters averaged one in two years.
Then followed correspondence by cable,
in which Mrs. Potter said she had set her
heart on her art and would not comply,
telling her husband that her name would
be beloved from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific and he would be proud of her.
In his deposition James Brown Potter
testified that he was married to Mary
L'rquhart in New Orleans in 1877. They
went to Xew York to live, where a daugh
ter was born In 1&79. They lived together
happily, apparently, until 18S6, when Mrs.
Potter, her daughter, mother and sister
went abroad merely for the summer. Be
fore going Mrs. Potter spoke to her hus
band several times about adopting the
stage professionally, but was refused.
When abroad the subject was renewed by
correspondence. Mrs. Potter urging her
husband to consent, without success.
Then Mr. Potter saw a cable announce
ment that Mrs. Potter had -signed with
the Haymarket- Theater, London." He im
mediately cabled to her demanding that
she cancel the engagement. - i -
NEWPORT, R. I., June 4.— James Brown
Potter of Newport was granted an abso-'
lute divorce from his wife, Cora Urquhart
Potter, with the custody of his daughter.
In the appellate division of the Supreme
Court, sitting here to-day. The petition
which Mr. Potter presented to the court
prayed for a divorce, alleging willful de
sertion for a period of more than five
years.
Court Sustains the Charg-e of Deser
tion and He Is Awarded
the Custody of His
Daughter.
Given an Absolute Divorce
Prom His Actress
Wife.
JAMES BROWN
POTTER GRANTED
A SEPARATION
evening of July 3 will be devoted to a sort
of reception to visiting members. There
will be an open-air concert and ball in St.
James Park, following a parade. A sort
of Midway Plaisance is to be erected in
the park, with museums and vaudeville
shows.
On the morning of the Fourth Is to be
held a parade of all civic and military
societies. Musical and literary exercises
will be held in a stand erected at the City
Hall Park, where there will also be a
balloon ascension and tightrope walking.
A parade of the Elks' "horribles" will
take place In the evening, followed by a
fine display of fireworks. The local lodge
of Elks will give a minstrel show on the
evening of June 24 at Victory Theater for
the purpose of raising funds to provide
for a fine, float for the Fourth of July
parade.
SAN JOSE, June 4.— The contest for
Goddess of Liberty of the Elks'
Fourth of July celebration is in full
swing, and the friends of the various
candidates have inaugurated cam
paigns for their favorites. There are about
twenty young ladies In the list, the lead
ers being Miss Gene Veuve, who has 639
votes; Mrs. Otto Zeigler, 502; Miss Alice
Gussefeld. 360; Miss Sybil Morehouse. 20$;
Mrs. Harrietta Sage, 205. The battle of
ballots has only just begun, and it is ex
pected that other young ladies will rapidly
forge ahead.
The Elks' Fourth of July celebration is
to be a grand affair. B. P. O. E. members
are expected from all over the State, and
on the 3d and 4th will be held a grand re
union and jollification of the order. The
CITIZENS GUARDING
ST. LOUIS POWER-HOUSES
About Nine Hundred Deputies, Comprising
a Posse Comitatus and Armed
With Shotguns, on Duty.
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— Every power-house
end carsned of the Transit Company Is
being guarded to-night by Sheriff Pohl
mann's posse comitatus. In all about 900
men are on duty. A force of from fifty to
sixty men has been stationed at each
power-house and will remain on duty
throughout the night. At 7 o'clock to
morrow morning an equal number of men
will relieve those on duty to-night and re
main on guard until 7 o'clock to-morrow
night, when the night guard will again
take charge. * This mode of procedure will
continue until the strike Is settled.
The posse is armed with Winchester re
peating shotguns. Shells loaded with
buckshot will be used in case of a dis
turbance. While on guard duty the mem
bers of the Sheriff's posse will be subject
to strict military discipline. Those not on
guard will be held in reserve at the differ
ent police stations. None of the deputies
will be used to guard the cars, the police
being retained for that service.
Colonel Cavender, in command of the
posse comitatus, issued the instructions
to-day to his commanders of detachments,
in part as follows:
You will take" care of your men, maintain
good discipline and place under arrest any one
under your command who commits a serious
breach of discipline.
Your men will pay no attention to trifling
annoyances from citizens, but will submit to
no abuse, promptly arresting any offender.
In quellinc any riot or disturbance, and In
dispersing any unlawful and threatenine as
semblage of persons, you will use your ut
most endeavor to arrest the ringleaders and
instigators, turning them over to the police
for incarceration. You will use only the nec
essary force In the performance of such duty,
but will meet violence with violence: and if
fired upon you are expected, with due regard
for the safety of innocent bystanders, to make
sure that the criminals reach the Jail, or the
morsue. If necessary. •
Isaac H. Lionberger. a member of the
citizens' committee of seven, which at
tempted to bring about arbitration be
tween the Transit Company and the
strikers, said to-day:
"Unless something unexpected should
happen our committee will, have nothing
more to do except to report back to the
committee of citizens who appointed* it."
Ex-Governor William J, Stone, counsel
for the strikers, was In consultation with
the grievance and executive committees
of the street railway employes' local union
for several hours this forenoon, and later
met the Transit Company officials in an
effort to secure an agreement whereby the
strike might be ended.
After being In session all day no agree
ment was reached and adjournment until
to-morrow morning was taken. Nothing
could be learned as to what was done
during to-day's conference.
ST. LOUIS WOMEN TO
PETITION THE GOVERNOR
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— St. Louis women
will present a petition to Governor Ste
phens of Missouri, beseeching him to put
an end to the attacks made upon women
by street railway strike sympathizers.
The petition was prepared to-day by a
number of prominent women. It will be
placed In all of the downtown stores to
morrow In hopes of getting 50,000 signa
tures. It reads as follows: /
"To the Honorable Governor Stephens:
The undersigned women residents of the
State of Missouri and city of St. Louis,
burning with Indignation at the outrages
now being daily heaped upon women,
and, be/ it admitted with shame, by mobs
composed of our sex, represent to you
that throughout this city we are con
stantly and systematically mobbed and
denuded. This outrage has continued for
many days and shows no signs of aba.t-
> SHERIFF POHLMAN OF ST.
. LOTHS. WHO HAS SUMMONED
A THOUSAND DEPUTIES TO
>' PRESERVE ORDER IN THE
, STREETS.
Ing. We respectfully represent that !t Is
within vour power immediately to abate
it in the name of civilization, of honesty,
of pure womanhood. We petition, we im-l
portune. we -implore you to act."
National President ilahon of the Street
Railway Men's Union issued a statement
to-day condemning the attacks on women.
He said the offenders should have been
summarily hanged. Chief '• or Police
Campbell said: "Such occurrences will
not be tolerated."
In an order to the police force he says:
"Too many defenseless women have
been beaten and stripped of their clothing
and if arrests and court prosecutions do
no good giins will be freely used. Noth
ing is too severe for a brute who delib
erately beats and tears the clothing from
a vcrnan for riding in a transit car or
any other kind of vehicle, strike or no
strike." .' '
COLOMBIAN REVOLUTION
GROWING IN STRENGTH
State Department Daems It Inadvis-
able to Recall the Gunboat
Machias.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Additional re
ports received by the State Department
from Colombia, announce that the revolu
tion there is growing in strength. Secre
tary Long said to-day that though it was
desired to bring the Machias north, th«
situation in the state of Panama was such
that it was considered advisable for her
to remain for the present in Colombian
w-iUrs. • .
The operations of the Government and
the insurgent forces are now near the
railroad connecting Colon and Panama,
and this Government by treaty i3 required
to maintain open communications across
the Isthmus.
If necessary Commander Logan, com
manding the Machias, will land marines
for the protection of American interests.
The authorities say that the ability of the
C« vemmenfto confine the righting to the
isthmus Is tn part due to the natural pro
tection which the mountains surrounding:
Bogota, the capital, afford.
Death of Colonel Hastings
WASHINGTON. June 4.— Silas Wrlsn..
Hastings, late coloneLof the One hundred
and Forty-second New York Volunteer
Infantry and brigadier general, U. S. V..
by brevet, died last night in this city.
He had suffered with a cold, which de
veloped Into grip and heart trouble.
GIVEN LIFE SENTENCE.
Emanuel Amaya Must Suffer for
Murder of G. D. Soucks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, June 4.— Manuel Amaya
was to-day sentenced to life imprisonment
in San Quentin by Judge Lucas F. Smith
for the murder of G. D. Loucke. Attorney
Carl E. Lindsay, for the defendant, moved
for a new trial, which was denied. He
will appeal to the Supreme Court.
The trial of Joseph Tashara, charged
with murder as an accomplice of Amaya,
also commenced, and the jury is being
selected.'with difficulty.
Blind Man's Home Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 4.— The dwelling
house of Eugene Richter. a blind German,
in New Monterey was destroyed by fire,
and only a small portion of its contents
were saved. The little 10-year-old boy who
leads Richter about upset a lighted lamp,
and in his frightened attempts to extin
guish the flames only spread them, besides
getting very seriously burned himself. The
fire was beyond control before the fire de
partment could reach the place. The dam
age wa3 about $2000. with $1600 Insurance
on the house and furniture. It Is believed
the child will recover.
Sheriff Roberts was removed to hU
home, where he died In a short time. Ap
plication was at once made to the Gov
ernor for troops and the Stone Fort Rifles
were ordered from Nacogdoches. but they
have to go by stage ajid will not arrive
at San Augustine until to-morrow. There
is much excitement and more trouble Is
feared. Both factions are large and com
posed of nervy men.
Eugene Wall, the leader of his faction,
is 26 years old and has killed four mea in
as many years.
To-day the factions met when the ex
amining trial of Wall was to be held and
every man came to the Courthouse armed.
Hostilities began with the appearance of
Sheriff Roberts and his brothers, who fell
at the first volley from a score of guns.
A few scattering shots were returned by
the Wall factionists, but did no execu-
The feud grew out of. politics and has
been brewing for some years. A few
weeks ago Ned Wall, the Sheriff, was
shot and killed by King Borden at San
Augustine. Borden fled, but afterward
surrendered and was admitted to bail.
Noel Roberts was appointed Sheriff. Last
Saturday evening Eugene Wall, brother
of the dead Sheriff, shot to death Ben
Brook3. a kinsman of Borden.
HOUSTON. Tex.. June 4.— At San Au
gustine. San Augustine County, thi3
morning a pitched battle between the
Wall faction on the one side and the
Brooks on the other resulted in the death
of Felix G. Roberts and his brother, Sid
ney Roberts, and 'the fatal wounding of
Xoel Robers. Sheriff of the county and
brother of the dead men.
Troops Ordered to the Scene to Pre
vent Further Shedding of Blood
by the Warring Fac
tions.
Sheriff Roberts and His
Two Brothers Slain at
San Augustine.
TEXAN FEUDISTS
DIE FIGHTING IN
A COURTROOM
The institution with which the defend
ants are connected is also known as the
Independent Medical College and the Na
tional Law School, and the evidence
shows that its faculty has been selling
degrees for the practice of medicine and
law at prices ranging from $3 to $200, the
compensation being determined by the
amount the would-be professional -men
were willing to advance. Postofflce In
spector Gould, who made the arrest, says
the fraud is one of the largest the postal
authorities have ever had to deal with
and that the graduates of the institution
are practicing in every State and even
abroad. He says frequent complaints of
malpractice have been made against the
holders of the diplomas of the institution.
Regular medical colleges and law insti
tutions in all parts of the United States
have been fighting the officers of the "di
ploma mill" for several years in vain and
up to the time the men were arrested it
is said they were "graduating their./sub
scribers at the rate of a dozen each day."
The complaint on which the warrants
were, issued was sworn to by Joseph De
barthe of Baker City, Or., who was form
erly connected with the institution as an
agent for selling diplomas and is listed on
the college prospectus as "professor of
medical jurisprudence." He says he paid
$23 for a degree issued by the Independent
Medical College on August 30, 189S, and
thought his authority to practice medicine
was valid until he was refused certificates
in several States. He says he never al
lowed his name to appear on the faculty
list though he occasionally transacted the
law business of the institution.
Inspector Gould induced a friend to
write to the Metropolitan Medical College
for Information. The institution offered
to give a full course in medicine and a
degree for $200 and shorter terms of study
for smaller amounts.
Inspector Gould has a bunch of unsigned
certiticates of practice for the State of
Texas and he says the name of the Dis
trict Clerk is forged to these for an extra
compensation. Texas is said to have been
the most fertile field for the "graduates"
of the Institution. The British Consul has
made repeated efforts to run the Metro
politan faculty out of business as Great
Britain is said to have been Hooded with
their diplomas. ; It is said that dozens of
"graduates" of Dr. Armstrong's institu
tion are practicing in India and in all
parts of the world. The diplomas bear the
names of the whole faculty, but two girls
declared they were employed to write
these on all degrees issued by the col
lege.
CHICAGO, June 4. — Government officers
to-day Invaded the. Metropolitan Medical
College, an alleged "diploma mill," at 866
West Van Buren street, and arrested the
officers, President James Armstrong, Vice
President J. H. Randall, Secretary
Thomas Armstrong and former Secretary
Charles M. Hovey. The men are charged
•with having used the mails to defraud and
it is said their receipts amounted to many
thousand dollars. Failing to give suitable
bonds all four went to jail.
Alleged "Diploma Mill" Whose Quack
Graduates Are Practicing in
All Parts of the
World.
Government Officials Make a
Raid Upon a Chicago
Institution.
FAKE MEDICAL
COLLEGE GETS
INTO TROUBLE
MACARTHUR.
No ryrlpminlr r+rord of Filipino casualties at
th<»*<» hf'a/i'juart^n". Th*> forrgolntc, compiled
from report* made Immediately after eniraire
tn'Titr, is a» clow an approximation as possible.
< wing to th»- wide distribution of troop". More
•"•curate report will take weeks to prepare.
Number r»>|K>rte<l k:l!-i probably In excess of
n<-<~urate fi#rur«**: number reported wounded
ITuhaMy much le**, an Filipino* managed to
remove most of th* wounded from the field
Jind f/>w fell Into our hands.
1 1..KVTB of hleh rank and dangerous or sus
f;l<-lou* m»n have t**»n retained as prisoners :
"•'** °» **»• other men were discharged on the
• iv aK Koon a " disarms. I propose to release
£11 but very few prisoners at an early date.
TJpward of Ten Thousand Natives
Have Met Death on Fields
of Battle.
"WASHINGTON. June 4.— Secretary Root
to-day made answer to the Senate resolu
tion inquiring as to the number of Fili
pinos killed and wounded and the number
of prisoners taken since the insurrection
l^gan. Having no detailed Information on
the subject the Secretary cabled the In
quiry to General MacArthur. commanding
at Manila, and received the following re
sponse, which was submitted to Congress:
MANILA. June 4. 1900.— Adjutant General.
XVa«h!nirton: With reference to your telerram.
f>{ the 22a ultimo: Filipino* killed. 10.7*0:
Mroua<W, 2Tii; captured an<l surrendered, 10.424.
Number cf prisoner* in our possession, about
FILIPINO LOSSES IN
KILLED AND WOUNDED
Discussing the Spooner bill now pend
ing. Pettigrew quoted a dispatch from
Manila, published to-day. Faying that
Judge Taft. head of the Philippine com
mission, had expressed upon his arrival
at Manila a surprise that the Filipinos
had not heard of the Spooner bill,
"by which," Pettigrew said, "Mr. Taft
was to become the civil governor of the
Philippines— the despot of the island."
Th<» reason they had not heard of It,
P^ttigrew added, was that the adminis
tration had changed its mind and Siiere
was now no intention of passing the bill.
Pettigrew will conclude his speech to
morrow.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— During the
evening session of the Senate Pettlgrew
<Pop.) of South Dakota took the floor
on the Philippine question. He sharply
criticised the administration for not giv
ing Congress and the people full informa
tion concerning affairs in the Philippines,
and said that most of the information
received had come through a "censored
press" and private letters. Speaking of
some of the information furnished by
Spooner (R.) of Wisconsin to the Sen
ate, he said it was supplied only to "ad
ministration Senators ' and "was not
available to those of us opposed to the
administration's imperialistic policy."
At great length Pettigrew argued that
the Filipinos were allies of the United
States. He said he had no desire to Im
peach the veracity of Admiral Dewey, but
since the admiral had denounced as false
his <PettJgrew J s| statement that the ad
miral had recognized the Filipinos as al
lies and had saluted their flag, he (Pet
tigrew) felt it incumbent upon him to
present the facts and let the American
people Judge as to the admiral's veracity.
He presented a mass of matter in sup
port of his contention, but nothing new
except a letter from the executive officer
of the Olympia. Admiral Dewey's flag
ship, who wrote that, while no naval
salute was made to the Filipino flag, the
Olympia's flag was dipped to the Filipino
colors. This. Pettigrew contended, was
& salute to the Filipino flag.
Among other documents quoted by the
South Dakota Senator was the protest
Figned by the American correspondents
at Manila against the censoring of their
dispatches by General Otis and the let
ter explanatory of that protest written
by Robert M. Collins of the Associated
Press.
PETTIGREW ASSAILS
PHILIPPINE POLICY
General Corbin says it is Incorrect to
state that the time of the volunteer army
is to be extended or that reinforcements
are to be sent to the Philippines, the
being simply that the volunteers are to
itf brrught home for disbandment and
enough regulars sent there to take their
places to give General MacArthur 40.000
men to assist in maintaining the suprem
acy of the United States and to carry
out the plans of civil government deter
mined upon by the Taft Commission.
General Corbin says it is proposed to
maintain an army of 40.OU0 regulars in the
Philippines so long as it is required, and
to do this it will be necessary to draw
upon the troops now in Cuba. "The army
in the Philippines at present numbers
about C2.<>X» men. equally divided be
tween regulars and volunteers. All the
•volunteers are to be brought home and
mustered out at the place of enlistment
c:i June 30 of next year, and in order to
accomplish this with certainty and with
the least embarrassment, the homeward
movement will begin early in the coming
November. As was the case with the vol
unieeis for the Spanish war, they will be
brought home fo far as possible in the
order of thtn departure from the United
States. To do this will tax the transport
service to its utmost, and a good margin
of time will be allowed to guard against
unforeseen and unavoidable delays. The
plan is to have all the men at their homes
and their accounts with the Government
closed on the last day of their term of
enlistment. This is a task of enormous
proportions, and will tax the powers of
the entire military establishment to the
utmost frcm now until it is fully acorn-
X-lished.
In order that thrre may be no immedi
ate reduction of the force under General
SfacArthtrr. it has been arranged to send
regular troops to the Philippines as rap-
Idly as possible to take the places of the
departing volunteers. Oruers have been
i«> ut-u lor the assembling of the Sixth
Cavalry at San Francisco for transport
to Mar.lla. One detachment of that regi-
TrH'iit will leave about the 15th inst. and
another about the 1st of July. It is be-
Ucved that many of the troops in Cuba
can be relieved from duty in that coun
try soon after the elections there, on the
JT.th inst. In case the conditions justify
it. tht-sc troops will be brought home and
assigned to home stations, in order that
the home garrisons may be utilized m re
cruiting the army in the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— In order to
prevent misapprehension as to the future
policy of the War Department respecting
the military forces in the Philippines. 3d
jutant General Corbin made a brief state
ment of the facts In the case to-day. He
said there had been no change of policy
flnce the departure of General Otis and
that none was contemplated. Under the
Taw the entire volunteer army now serv
ing in the Philippines will go out of ex
istence on June 30. 1901. and the problem
before the War Department is now ..o get
the 31.000 men of that army home from
the Philippines before the date named, at
the same time relieving: them with otfier
troop3 of the regular establishment so
lar as possible, without loss of military
prestige in the Philippines and without
material disturbance of the military or
ganization.
Those Whose Terms Save
Almost Expired.
Regular Troops From the United
States and Cuba Will Replace
Exodus Prom Philippines
to Commence Next
November.
VOLUNTEERS
WILL SOON BE
COMING HOME
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
One Interesting Feature Will Be the Parade, and
Balloting for Goddess of Liberty
ELKS PREPARING TO
CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
ing George Stanley."
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
XAPA. June 4.— Frank Matthai, who
killed George C. Stanley In Chiles Valley
last Tuesday, was taken to Rutherford
bv Sheriff Dunlap last Saturday to be ar
i4iened before Justice Ritchie on a
charse of murder. His preliminary ex
amination will be held on Wednesday.
J aiatthai is held without bonds. Frank
lin P Bull and Walter Rose of San Fran
cisco' are his attorneys.
Coroner- Kyser held an inquest at St.
Helena Saturday over the remains of
Stanlev and the Jury returned a verdict
fharrfng Matthai with the kllllngr. Dis
trict Attorney Bell conducted the^exam
lnatlon of witnesses at the Inquest.
MURDERER TO PLEAD.
Frank Matthai Must Answer for Kill-
Railway Men Pay Tribute to the
Memory of the Former Union
Pacific Official.
OMAHA, June 4.— At 1 o'clock this after
noon the Missouri Pacific special with the
remains of S. H. II. Clark, former presi
dent of the Union Pacific and "Missouri
Pacific railroads, arrived in Omaha, and
was met by a hundred prominent officials
of Western roads and former employes of
Mr. Clark. In the railroad party which
arrived were Mrs. Clark, J. Hoxie Clark
(the son), Frank Reardon (an old friend
I of Mr. Clark) and "Wesley," his faithful
colored servant. At St. Louis a score of
officials joined the party for Omaha.
At the First Congregational Church ser- ,
vices were held, the Union Pacific shops
and headquarters being closed and the
Union Pacific pioneers and employes at
tending in a body. Short services were
conducted by Rev. Dr. Patten, the family
pastor in St. Louis. Among the numerous
floral ' tributes were the offerings of
George Gould. Helen Gould and many St.
Louis friends.
After the services at the church the pro
cession filed to Prospect Hill Cemetery,
where lie the remains of a son of Mr.
Clark. The active pall-bearers were : C.
G. Warner, H. S. Greist. S. W. Fordyce,
A: G. Cochrane. Howard 'Kennedy Sr.,
T. H. Orr, P. J. Nichols and Frank Rear
don. The honorary pall-bearers ¦ were J.
O. Philippi. J. H. McConnell. Harry Gil
more, S. T.^S&ankland, W. B. Doddrldge,
J. E. - Market, Dr. George 1*. Muller and
42. Dickinson. ,.
BODY OF S. H. H. CLARK ; _.
BORNE TO THE GRAVE
Young Girl Drowned.
MILTON. June 4.-Whlle bathing in a
reservoir on lier father's ranch near this
place yesterday Katie Vanciel, 15 years
/ of age. was accidentally drowned. After
l v the girl had been absent from the house
some time and not returning her mother
became alarmed and went in search of
her. The girl's apparel on the bank of
the reservoir revealed her fat* and her
body was soon recovered.
JAPS FIGHT VICIOUSLY.
As the Result of a Quarrel Over Cards
3
Leading- Candidates for Goddess of Liberty at San Jose.
it! him i' '¦'¦¦¦ ' i m *^ H E strictest workshops, as regards sanitary regulations, are union ||
H shops. Everything possible is done to keep the place clean, m
m f ClI II' healthful, light and airy. Clothing made in such shops— union M
gJU IVjyU shops — is the only kind people should wear. They take no risks E|
m mSSShI with union-made clothing. And, furthermore, they are sure of honest, ||
m well-made clothing, because it is made by the best workmen in the world. |f|
II Our ready-to-wear clothing is made by union workmen. We are ||
H authorized to put the union label on this clothing, which stamps it as first- ||j
II class in every particular. . f^
p] The suits and overcoats which we are selling for . l||
H are union made. In addition to the above qualifications in' favor of the suits rh
II and overcoats, you get our guarantee. . ||j
Wi The suits are single and double breasted cheviots in black, also gray and brown checks jgj
K and mixtures; blue serges in summer and heavy weights, and black clay worsteds (single-
§§i The overcoats comprise black and blue kerseys, with fancy plaid or farmer's satin lin- fcn
H ina tan coverts in summer weights; Oxford grays, with velvet collars— the latest in overcoats; JjM
WI also cheviots in black or blue; wearable, good-looking overcoats. These suits and overcoats $r r -.|
m Bovs' Suits if
J For one more week we will sell boys' suits, from ages 8 to 16, at a saving price— a |||
ill price that should interest every mother whose boy comes within this age limit feq
III The suits come in gray and brown mixtures, in the double-breasted style. Coat well made fil
H and lined; pants have double seat and knees; material is strong and serviceable. Price this week, rei
ifl xv . Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue. /0M\
jP||»|k T18 Market Street.Electricity in Capsules.
This new compound, which is. made: from
cheap chemicals, is put up? In' capsule form
and when added to. a certain quantity; of wa
ter will furnish electricity, enough to .light a
house, drive an automobile or even a railroad
train. ' But this is . nothing compared to the
strengthening power • contained :¦, in ¦ a . bottle of
Hostetter's • Stomach Bitters.. It cures indiges
tion, • dyspepsia,- biliousness, liver : and kidney
troubles and fills the system with the vigor of
health.
Young Desperado Held.
Steve M. Harding was held to answer
before -ihe Superior Court in $2000- bonds
by Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
burglary and on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon in $1000 bonds. On April
19 Harding concealed himself under I the
bed of Alfred Jackson's room, 118=O'Far
rell street, and when Jackson was retiring
he pointed a revolver at him and demand
ed his money. . .
Stabbed in the Left Breast.
Joseph P. Barry and William J. How
ard, young men living- at Sunnyside, were
arrested by Policemen Tracey and Rior
dan at an early hour yesterday morning
and booked at the City Prison on u
charge of assault to murder. The com
plaining witness is William Grandfleld.
an amateur pugilist. Grandfleld and »h<»
two defendants had a row on Harr*«fii
street, between Sixth and Seventh, Rnd
Grandfield was stabbed in the left breast,
but not dangerously. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he gave
tho name' of Frank Kelly. -
COURT NOTES.
The arraignment of Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven-Fair. Adolph Sylva' and G. W.
Simpton was continued for tv week by
Judge Cook yesterday. . The cases will
not be pushed until Judge Troutt has
tiled his opinion on the merits of Mrs.
Craven-Fair's claim for a family allow
ance from the estate of the late James G.
Fair. - :
Sentence was not passed on Peter Mc-
Glade yesterday. Judge Cook continued
his case until Monday, next and set the>
remaining charges against him for trial
on August 20,
Orchardists Alarmed Over Approach.
of the Orange Maggot From
Central America.
The orange orchardists of this State arc
alarmed over the approach of a parasite,
known as the Mexican orange maggot.
The pest made its appearance near tho
Panama Isthmus and has been rapidly
working Its way north through Central
America, attacking and destroying or
chards and fruit until now it is within
a few hundred miles of the boundary be
tween this country and Mexico. Horti
cultural Quarantine Ofllcer Alex Craw
called the attention of the commission to
the pest and advised that radical meas
ures be taken to prevent- its entering the
State. As it is the same color as the
fruit it is very hard to detect and he
states that there is great danger from
the millions of Mexican oranges that are
soon to appear on the California market,
unless something is done.
Orange orchardists in the southern
part of the State are so greatly alarmed
that they have communicated with par
ties all over the State urging that the
Western representatives at Washington
be asked to hasten at an early date the
passage of the national horticultural
quarantine bill, governing the importa
tion of fruit trees and plants from for
eign countries and between States. Upon
the request of the I>os Angeles Chamber
of Commerce the local chamber yester
day sent a dispatch to Senator Perkins,
urging him to interest his co-representa
tives in the passage of the bill.
INFECTED FRUIT IS
COMING FROM MEXICO
The following named have been active in
promoting the organization: J. R. Bleily,
G. Barrett, I. Less, G. Aubertin, W; Bud
shaw, C. Collette. C. Mercer, D. Cohen,
"W. R. Downey. J. W. Scott, Charles Koch,
Vincent de Rose, F. L. Perfetto. C. H.
Reese. M. Barron. C. P. Munirr. W. West
man. H. Harris, A. R. Harris, M. Graham,
J. B Leonard, H. Hilker. Fred Pettitt,
Otto Smith, J. A. Cobb, Peter Allison. J.
Jacobs. Joe Vireira, F. A. Newcomb, Al
Granger. M. Marks, H. I. Appel, J. A.
Reynolds and A. Less.
This movement is general among the
journeymen barbers of the city, as work
is now done at almost all hours of the day
and night* The free employment bureau
will be established that journeymen will
not have to pay for a chance to earn a
livelihood.
Announcement has been made that to
night an organization of journeymen bar
bers will be effected at 102 O'Farrell street.
One of the main objects is to shorten
working hours. It is proposed to adopt a
rule that barbers shall labor evenings un
til 8 o'clock only and on Sundays and hol
idays to 12 m. It is proposed also to es
tablish a genuine free employment bureau.
Paying Employment Agency
Fees.
Tired of Working Long Hours and
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS
ARE TO ORGANIZE
TOM O'BRIEN LOSES A
GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY
night on the steps of the Mint while-ad
dressing a pro-Boer meeting, as he had
not been included in the list of speakers
at the Metropolitan Temple. The charge
against him was disturbing the peace.
When the case was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday Assistant District
Attorney W-eller asked that it be dismiss
ed, as the people did not wish to prose
cute and there was no complaint on file.
R. P. Troy, who represented O'Brien,
jumped to his feet and insisted on the
case go-ing to trial. The right of citizens
to address public meetings from the steps
of the Mint was Involved and it was de
sired to make tho case a test one.
Troy was proceeding to deliver a spread
eagle speech when the Judge cut him
short bv ordering the case dismissed.
The Charge Against Him of Disturb
ing the Peace Dismissed by-
Judge Fritz.
T. B. O'Brien, orator and politician, has
lost the golden opportunity of posing as
a martyr. He was arrested Saturday
NEW TRIAL ASKED IN
THE NAVY YARD CASE
Eight-Hour Violators Seeking to Es
cape Punishment on Tech
nicality.
R, Percy Wright, attorney for the At
lantic, Gulf and Pacific Company, con
victed of working employes more than
eight hours a. day on the construction of
a dock at Mare Island, made a motion
in the United States District Court yes
terday for a new trial on the ground of
variance between the proof and the in
dictment.
The testimony at the trial established
the fact that the defendant violated the
statute by working its employes more
than eight hours per day in the construc
tion of a wharf, the alleged variance be
ing the use of the word dock in the in
dictment and that of wharf in the tes
timony.
Judge de Haven took the momentous
subject under advisement.
Vera Cameron's Diamonds.
Judge Seawell has granted a writ of pro
hibition enjoining further proceedings in
the Police Courts In the matter of -a
search warrant by which Vera Cameron's
diamonds were taken from her. A writ
restraining Captain Seymour from deliv
ering the diamonds to any one until Judg
ment has been handed down in the civil
actions that have been brought to deter
mine the ownership of the gems was is
sued.
Robert Bradley, alias Buckley, who
pleaded guilty to having had in his pos
session tools for manufacturing counter
felt coin, was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven
to serve three years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary at San Quentin.
Three Years for Counterfeitini
United States Internal^ Revenue Collec
tor Lynch reports the collections in his
district for May to be $305,152 47. as
against $258,017 69, an increase' of $47,134 78.
Of the total amount $109,268 40 was for
beer.
Internal Revenue Receipts.
Olyxnpia."
Tbs bill «t the Olyrapla this week Is good
TivolL
The romantic comic opera, "The Three
Guardsmen,", commenced its second week
at the Tivoli last night. The bouse was
crowded and the audience appeared de
lighted with the catchy music The songs
of Helen Merrill. Frances Graham, Annie
Myers. Tom Greene, Ferris Hartman and
Alf C. Wheelan -were loudly applauded
and eome of them had to be repeated sev
eral times. The choruses were well ren
dered. There should be crowded houses
during the remainder of the week.
Orpheum.
Joe Hart is the reigning spirit on the
Orpheum programme of this week. He
holds the stage with Carrie de Mar in a
snappy musical skit, "A Close Call," and
jives further evidence of talent, in his
latest sketch. "An Eventful l>ay." ex
ploited by Fleurette and Gardner. Fleu
rette is a' dainty miss with a dimpled
smile and . versatile foes, and Gardner
Is one of the cleverest, dancers the Or
pheum patrons hav.e had a. chance to ap
plaud for some time. There is not much
10 their sketch further than the many
opportunities it affords the artists, it
brings out the best tr*re is in them and
certainly no one can ask for more. Miss
Burkhart in a war playlet, "Her Soldier
Boy." Mr. and Mrs. Jim Barry in "Mrs
Wilkins* Boy" and Midgley and Gertie
Carlisle fill out the balance of the pro
gramme.
California.
The troubles of that rag infant filled the
California to the "stanaing-room-only"
notch last night and the explosive turns
kept the audience on a laugh from the
rising of the curtain to the settling there
of. The necklace of sparkling specialty
diamonds ran off better last night than
at the opening because the performers
had got the ends properly together the
night before. This effervescent combina
tion has made a hit of high gear and
nothing will be able to shove it off the
track during its run in San Francisco.
The players are all clever and have good
material in their bands. Guffaws will em
anate from pleased auditors every ¦ re
maining night that Dunne and Ityley and
their assortment of scintillating funmak
crs remain.
"Sapho," at the Alcazar, attracted an
unusually larjre crowd to the popular lit
tle theater. It is the first performance of
the play given in this city, and Florence
Koberts has been engaged for the title
role. The first scene opens with a masked
t all In Dechelette's studio, and the h!gh
ifil praise must be given to the action and
costuming of the maskers. Each actor
seemed "acquainted" with his neighbor
and to be interested in something nearer
home than tho audience, a triumph most
rarely achieved by the average performer.
The dance of Miss Gertrude Hayes in this
act was charmingly graceful, and Miss
Georple Woodthorpe's specialty was en
joyed.
Of Sapho herself. Sapho has come to
town and apparently come to stay, judg
ing by the warmth of welcome accorded
her clever interpreter. Florence Roberts.
Sapho (but why the one-lfgged spelling?)
as Miss Roberts sees her is a true, subtle
and convincing conception. This actress'
art is a finished art. of fine restraint and
exceptional emotional power, and one is
not called upon to exercise an overworked
imagination wht-n the heroine's charms
are enlarged upon; another grateful
change.
Ernest Hastings appears • to be quite
as popular as Miss Roberts and admirably
sustained the emotional dtmands of the
part of Gaussin. He sotms. however,
rather to overemphasize the brutal and
boorish in this most unheroic hero's char
acter. A rather finer drawing—restraint
is needed.
George P. • Webster was an admira
ble Uncle Caesaire. Dechelette and Fla
mant wcr» well rendered by Howard
Scott and Edwin T. Emery, respectively.
Miss Laura Crews was a charming Irene
and the remainder of the large cast filled
acceptably their several parts.
Miss Roberts and Mr. Hastings received
ten furtain recalls after the first act, and
on Miss Roberts declaring that she "real
ly had not a thing to say but 'thank
you." " I^'wis Morrison made a neat little
speech from one of the boxes, thanking
the audience for their appreciation of
"the little lady whom he had selfishly
stolen from San Francisco as his wife."
Alcazar.
U DU PONT SYLE
oT is seldom that a play worth seeing:
| twice visits San Francisco. "When 4
\ We Were Twenty-one" is worth seeing
" more than twice: it interested me more
the iserond time than the first, and I be
lieve it would interest me more the third
time than the second. Both Mr. Goodwin
and Iflsa Elliott have Improved upon their
performance of the first night: the former
is more convincing in the serious scenes.
the latter is more ea*=y in the lighter ones.
It i? impossible to say that Miss Elliott
has yet mastered the extremely difficult
situation In the second act — the most dif
fjcalt in the play— wh»re she discovers
that it is Richard Andaine and not Rich
ard Carew who is faithless and unworthy.
The transition from the sense of injury
and despair to one of supreme rapture has
all to be expressed in a few broken ex
clamations. The author has here required
the actress to perform a task that mieht
•well tax the powers of a Terry or a Re
han. It is no discourtesy to Miss Elliott
to say she has not yet attained the con
summate skill of those artists.
Some people think that Mr. Woodruff
overdoes the part of the Imp. It seems
to me he gives it juM the right touch.
Richard Andaine must be represented as
hot-headed and impulsive, or it would be
impossible for him to commit thx? action
around which the whole play turns. Mr.
Woodruffs intelligence and feeling show
in every line. Mark him, I pray you: he is
a coming man. Messrs. O'Brien, Gillmore
and Handyfide play the trinity with en
tire effectiveness, and Miss Haskins, as
Kara Glynesk, could not be improved
upon.
Ttye stape management (Mr. Presbrey) is
well niph perfect, and the setting more
than sufficient. The theater can never
lose its hold on thinking people so long as
it can present such a play, with such a
cast as this. Come back. Mr. Goodwin,
next year and give us something as good —
and that will have to be very good indeed.
from beginning to end. Trixeda again
heads th<? programme. Harry Holmes and
his dog Dandy are still popular.
Fischer's Concert House.
Fischer's Concert-house was packed by
an appreciative audience last night. Tht
duet from "Mignon." sung by Signorina
Pollettini and Siynor Abramoff. was ap
plauded to the echo and the sextet from
"Lucia" raised the curtain three times.
Miss Martini sang- Tyrolean songs and
was rewarded with five recalls. Lina
Lucas, a clever soubrette, also made a hit.
To-night the Nile scene from "Aida" will
be staged in a most elaborate way.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a groat bill this week.
Dutch Walton in his musical comedy act
and Basco and Rice, acrobatic comedians,
scored an Immediate hit and responded to
several encores. Deming and Carroll,
song and dance artists, and Charles Stan
]y. wire walker, are also very clever.
The Healy sisters and Gates and Clark
presented new acts. New moving pic
tures conclude an attractive programme.
Four Dollars to Wink and Six Dollars
for a Drink— French Typewrit
ers as Agents of Civili
zation.
If the impressions of W. W. Foote, one
of California's Commissioners to the Paris
Exposition, be true, the French capital,
in holiday attire and with all the myriad
attractions of an exposition city, is not
what the American imagination has con
ceived it to be. Since the well-known
Californian left on his long journey he has
written to various friends in this city and,
half In earnest and half in jest, he says
that he is supremely disgusted that a pil
grim so far from home .should be left
without a word from those he left be
hind.
In the same mood he discusses Paris as
he found it. "Paris is just what I ex
pected it to be," he writes, "and, of
course, you perfectly understand what
that means." One might suspect that
Mr. Foote was entranced by the city, but
his next impression removes the suspicion.
"If I had my own way about it," he says,
"I would start for Oakland to-morrow
morning, because this place is a little too
high for my blood. 1 have a very nice
apartment, horses, carriages, etc., but I
would rather be in San .tiancisco a day
than to stay in Paris a ytar. Don't you
come to Paris under any circumstances
unless you are prepared to mortgage the
Hamburg-Bremen. It costs you $4 to wink
your eye and $6 for a drink. With your
capacities you could easily spend $1UW a
day and bt!" economical.
"When I go out alone. I invariably get
lost I can't tell a haekman where I want
to go or what my name Is, and I am in
permanent danger of being put in a luna
tic asylum. If you were to hear that i
am in* such a place put it down as abso
lutely true."
In passing Mr. Foote warns several o£
his fsiends to destroy any thought they
may have of going to Paris. Knowing
them as he does he counsels them that
their needs will make their return from
their journey bankrupts. In conclusion
he asks indulgence for any mistakes, as
the letter was written by a French type
writer in whom, with a lack of gallantry
not usual in him, he appears to have no
more confidence than in anything else
French he has seen.
In seeking to fulfill the obligations
which as an officer he is under, Mr. Foote
assures a prominent jurist of the State
that with his capacities and the drains
upon his purse he could not live in Paris
at all A leading aspirant for the posi
tion of naval officer, Mr. Foote says,
might last a week, but an ex-Park Com
missioner, whose face is familiar to thou
sands in San Francisco, would be in jail
iifteen minutes after he reached Paris.
Mr. Foote admits that these are harsn
criticisms, but he pleads for them on the
score that he must perform his whole
duty to the people of the State.
In a letter to another friend the well
known Californian Is still overpowered
at the irresponsibility of the malls and at
the Californian faculty of being supreme
ly unconcerned In answering the letters
of friends. "If this letter from me
doesn't meet with better success than
those from San Francisco," writes Mr.
Foote, "then I have no idea that this will
ever reach you." He then gives his im
pressions, such as t^ey have been in the
limited time at his command, and assures
his friend that California Is not only mak
ing a creditable showing, but Is receiving
praise for it. "Here the best is done for
California," he writes, "and we are mak
ing a very creditable showing."
in conclusion he tells that he has
learned of his elevation to the high dig
nity of appointment on the Governor s
staff as lieutenant colonel. "With some
thing of a prophetic eye and an apprecia
tion of what others would think • he
writes: "I have just received a dispatch
that I hav« been appointed lieutenant
colonel. Wait till you see me in uniform
in the streets of Paris. Nit!" Honors
evidently weigh lightly upon the distant
Californian.
W. W. Fbote Tells His
Woes as a Commissioner
of the State.
IMPRESSIONS OF
A - PILGRIM AT
THE PARIS FAIR
"Sapho" at the Alcazar, With Miss Roberts in
the Title Role, Meets With Much
Approval.
Joe Hart and Carrie de Mar With Their Roosters at the ?
Orpheum, T
"When We Were Twenty-One" and
the Stars of the Cast Are
Well Received.
HADDON CHAMBERS'
PLAY WEARS WELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900/
4
FOR AN OUTING....
VIf»"T ONE OF THE MANY MINERAL.
EPRINO RESORTS ALONG THE
California.. . .
Northwestern
The baths ard delicious mineral water
of the well-known
S/*R/\TOG/l SPRINGS
are a part rf the pleasure and also a
part of the health of this popular place.
J. MARTENS. propr.. Bachelor P. O..
Lak* Co.: city office. 418 Pine st.
"Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If you prefer the simple horn? life of the
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our section from which to choose.
But If you would rather the tent In some
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little boo* Just
Issued by the Company, ¦ giving Camplns Loca-
tions;* Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, where Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from JC.OO to $8.00 per week.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street <C!i~>:itele
building).
General Office. Mutual Life butldlne. San-
pome and CalUornia streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING,
General Manager.
R. X. RTAN.
General Passenger Agent.
The Way People
enjoy themselves at
Paso Robfes Hot Springs
you would think that all come for mere
pleasure. Many come for the absolute
benefit to be derived from the heallnp.
health-giving Hot Mineral Mud. Sul-
phur and Hot Sand Baths.- as woll as to
get away from the winds and fogs of the
. coast.
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
Rates for hotel, baths and physician,
$10 to $21 a week.
SPECIAL R0DND-TRIP REBATE TICKET3.
For further information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent,
Tel. Red 2336. 6*0 Market St.. S. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor, Paso Roblos, Cal.
THE GEYSERS, S-™
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
-Natural : steam baths, swimming, fishing
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
¦ UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT. *
A. SOUJ1ANN, Napa Soda Springs P. (X
« WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates V up. Send for circular. C H. W
BRUNING. Santa Rosa. Cal. - .
Bright. Clean,
Tb.augb.tlul.
A Champ oj *f
Iruth.
Will be opened, under new management. May
IS. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O. -WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake. County. Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
EL MONTE HOTEL, Bejuitlfulgro'unVs.
magnificent view and first-class- accommoda-
tions. Large , sunny rooms. . Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train: ii miles
from San Francisco. Fare. $1 65.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly flrst-
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J, Martina.
PLANTATION HOUSE— ?i^S™«
Btago line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties ot
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR, KRUSE, 207 Front sL. for particulars.
ST- HELENA SANITARiUM JJSKKFii:
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
Near Santa" Rosa: among the
Rlncon Hills; home comforts and
the best of ¦ country life- For
circulars address HARRY L.
JONES. ; Santa Rosa.
INDEPENDENCE I_ f\ K. E
In ,the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars.- Open June 1. Address, MRS. H. M.
CLEHONS. Virginia City. Nev.
OAK
SHADE
RANCH
CARLSBAD s M S c A s L
Most beautiful spot In Lake County.' Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and blr.dder affections. Accommodations first
class; ,10 a week; lighted by gas.
R. M'GOVERN. Kelseyville. Lake Co.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
.- California. Trout flshinff— finest In the State-
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of game In surrounding mountains —
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswick. Siskiyou Co., Cal.
DUNDN SPRINGS HOTEL TroT^S
unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeptnj? cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland,
Mendocino County, Cal.
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip, $3 75. Send far
Circulars. FREESE & JUERGEN3EM.
Proprietors. City office. 9IS Larkin street.
IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THS
PACIFIC COAST
It PublishoJ the Cream of the
News or the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES,
The Best \ / Mining
Telegraphic \X Newu That
Service on /\. Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to dafe»
Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pa£cs
A CALIFORNIA NFWSPAPE8
ALL THE TIME.
n ADVOCATES I SLNT BY
HOME mail, si i N-i
INDUSTRIES | hXtA*. ¦ jP
KfTOCALOMA. "*£"
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for famlles and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. S24 Kearny St.. S. F.
CI/J\rrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
O1Y>\VI^JO County; only 4>4 hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
be»t natural bath in State; grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph; dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGI5 SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
Ban Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
¦t 7:JP a. m. or 3:50 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
f!2 a week. References — Any truest of the past
flvs years; patronage constantly InT»as!ng.
J. F. MTTLOP.TTW. Proprietor.
DU. C. V. O'DOXNELI/S MINKKAL
S1"ICI>"GS at Glen Ellen la the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world: 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fog3 nor poleon oak at the
nark. Mineral water, boats and bathinz fre«.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'fHDNNELL. office 10214
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to gt>.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving, and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco $3 00. Full Information at Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond, Cal. /
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 3-'i> Market St.. S.F.
The Largest and Oldest Champagne House la
the World. . >
White Seal (Grande Cuvee), of excep-
tional bouquet and dry dryness.
— Court J mm, I.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mllen from TJkiah. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from ' springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Proprietors.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — NIC* surrounding:
comfortable rooms: rood table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
TOURISTS can get first-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED, Ukiah, for all summer resorts, nt
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. 161.
The Place for Rest nnd Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scentry, water, - mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia: ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; %S a
week- open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park, Cal.
_ # curs for rheumatism
Opi IIIMC99 Mares3 A BETTEXS,
llgr, Byron Hot Sprinsrs. Cal.
Cltv Office. Room 30, 36 Oeary street.
n., -/v- The Sinitarium of
DyfOn the Coast. Theb-st
U * physicians recom-
¦ flOT. mend it as the onlv
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists ami commercial travelers.
KEYfER & \.A'aSON. Hopland, convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs anJ I.akeport. The best of turnouts.
BOARD on a fruit ranch. J6 per week: com-
forts of home anrl free drives:- round trlr> from
San 5"rane*ico S3. Address Redwood Height.
Occidental Sonoma County. Cal.
Stt Hours' Hide From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, ausoices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL MF.TROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB,
always open. Golf nnd Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
fi2l Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
J22 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL— Iron an.! Magnesia
Spiincs. These celebrated springs adjoin Bart-
lett Springs. Fishing 1 ; hunting; home cook-
Ing- good beds; $s ZCi to $10 wk.; cottages for
hkpg. MRS. a HOPPIX. Bartlett Bpga.. Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. flv«
miles from Santa Crua: delightful summer
homa In redwoods; running water; abundance
Irult; good table: terms J5 50 week. Addre**
W. CRANDELL. Santa Crux. Cal.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Cmrlm j£,1£ a .
Monterey County. Cal. "— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations: beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
rend streets, San Francisco. 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, theo by «tage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring*. Round-trip tickets. IS. at S.
P office. «13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther Information address K. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
UflVTEVICTl OPEN MAY 1st: rens oC
OiXiS It Tljl A fruit; heio yourself; Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutci
Flat. Cal.
X/./"»<^ VZIkJli^TTZ S^H hours from Pa.-»
YOOtliYll * tl Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
cn line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
Fan Pranclsco $32. For further Information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Arent.
t30 Market St.. S. F.: telephone Mala a!82.
OCEiEXdSIS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. San Francisco
to Victjria, Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma and
other port? or call ana return. 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
gaga to Skagua-' over the White Pass Railway,
dow.-i the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
SO to S5 d.iyt, trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21, via Juneau. Skaguay, Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, in sight of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unimah Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars in. pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Tlckeylifflee. 4 New Montgomery.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing. tennU. livery, new walks, etc. Writs for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake Countv. Cal.
California and Larkin Sts.. San Francisco,
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
THE WELLESLEY,
Ban Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Kates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
Central California
Th* waters ar<» noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gcct. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urlnar/
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
•cenerr, delightful walks. Huntlnit and fish-
lnr. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. J1J to tI4 per week. Train*
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. V.. 9 a.
m. and *:« p. m. dally. Carriages at GUroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets addresa
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
Railway Co.
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY Stt HOURS
OF STAGING,
AND ONLY $S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP,
THAT "WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
IUNCINO six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACTKES of Shady Groves and MILES of Shady
Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Huntlns
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \ apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunsea.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties, Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG & WARNER, Highland
Springs. Cal.
TAVERN OF .
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In the midst of frrand and Impressive
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
nnd the Crags for a
background.
FIXE HTNTINO AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and remsoa-
RAILROAD FARE, round trtD. lncladlcs
sleeper both ways. $14.
For rmtes. terms and ether Information ad-
dress: - E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Cart Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
WABNEB'S BEMEDIE.S.
WARNER'S WARNER'S
«§AFE" CURE
. FOR LAME BACKS.
tf § AFE" CURE
. FOR WEAK KIDNEYS.
: «§AFc" C U K E
FOR KIDNEY DISEASES.
«6g A F h " C U~R c
FOR ALBUMINURIA.
«< §AFE" C~TTk c
\ FOR BRIGHT 1 S DISEASE.
** § A F 1: " C V ii E
FOR TORPID LIVERS.
«§'AFE" CURt
- ' FOR BILIOUSNESS.
»t§ATE" c TnTI"
FOR, BILIOUS HEADACHES.
«gAHt" CFU R ii
FOR BILIOUS FLATULENCY.
*< § A-F .: "~C LI u t-
FOR LIVER ENERVATION.
« §AFt" C L K E
HAS CURED THOUSANDS.
«* g A F c " CnOT}< ii
WILL CURE YOU.
h^AI-l" C U \i E
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
UgAhh" C U'rt E
ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE.
No More Oread
of the Dental Chair.
TEKTH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gunu. No
Eleep-prodv.clnff agrents or cocaine.
These' are - the only dental parlors in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply ?gM
crowns and porcelain crownt undetectable from
ratural t*eth. and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth |5, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. K. Gold fillings. Ji. Silver fill-
in**. 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 11 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Otvt
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you Jn advanw
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to '&: SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
?O*0*04>0*0$04>0«6*0<»0$0*0#0<>
fVBGSHY , »S HEALTHFUL! f
? -fij 1 ¦ ,',A Natural Mineral Water %
O* Mi * Ith It3edlclnaT qualities, O
O : jf|Ij|L - or iDdiffeBtion and °
0 y^lfli Stomach Disorders, o
l^» so ' ca " <!d VICHY 1
? m$™«$m in siphons t
% 'JKcT !^5J WIG HIT *
? .§4|^:p Get the Genulna • %
0 A. V1GN1ER. Distributing Agent t
INVESTIGATE FIRST;
BUY AFTERWARD !
Tbeij you will Know. Get our
prospectus; It tells tfoe story.
Ophir Oil Stock
At 50 cents per share Is
the best bargain lr> oil In
California to-day. SPLEN-
DID LOCATION. RESPON-
SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Lcs Angeles Office, 402 Douglas Block.
? »-
iWfr^ *Qi *fc O <»
Avisrf OR- JORDAN'S great i
iSUSEUB OF ANATQHW
9 £& lG51tt£2ZESCS.l6t.6:hS7tl,C.y.C:i.rf
\ ¦-¦¦ QT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the V
M 'ijft-___ World. VVeaknef;es or any contracted A
\f "S£ fifi disease peaiMwrljrcwrwd by the oldest X
(3) MR? \jy \ Speaaliit ni the Cr Lit. ¦ Esc 36 yoar»
A &&$?& 08. JORDAN- -PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ S^t^l! Consultation freo and strictly private \
a n XwS r ™ > :n >em. personally or by letter. A I i
\ H 1/ QN *V».HtK! Oura in e»ery case undertaken. X
AV.lf \\t& Write for Book. PHILOKOPUK.li
"II 1 alUnBUGE, MAILED CRIIB. (A7
J g JI, valuable book for mrn> , ,
7 On. JOBDAN&l'O., 10MMaricetSt.,S. F. ' '
»»»•«»¦» «-»¦•»•¦••• • • •••••»
1 Specialists for Men. ;
1 731 MARKET STREET, S.F. ;
DR * PIERCE ' s
MWm ELECTRIC
imgW BELT, •
¦ : " . '•' THIS BELT IS WAR.
• " '•- ¦¦ '. - /jfv. ¦ ranted to be the latest Im-
* proved, ~ most powerful and
In all respects the best now manufactured In
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows Its electric current to
be double that of any other. '•Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. . Special conductors and electrode*.
Double wire suspensory for men." It will curs
any disease on earth tbat It is possible to curs
with «lectrlclty." and It -cures when others falL
Buy no belt till you «ee "Dr. Pierce'*." • •
"Booklet Ko. 2," free at offlc"e or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells, all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
• 62O Market Street.
(Opp. Palace ; Hotel).' 'f SAN FRANCISCO ¦
~ Eastern Office— New York City.
TIFUL"Will Visit San Mateo Redwoods.
Supervisors Reed and Booth and Chief
Engineer Grunsky will accompany the
members of the Board of Trade to-day on
a visit' of insDCtlon to tne San Mateo
redwoods. :
First I>sfeat for the Koeni;
ANTIOCH. June 4.— The Koenigs of San
Francisco, after playing twenty games,
got theirfirst defeat Sunday on the An
tioch-diamond by the Old Peppers. The
score was 5 , to 3 . . ~ , .
Hawthorne Track Raided.
CHICAGO, June 4.— Another raid was
made on the Hawthorne racetrack this
afternoon and six bookmakers were
placed under arrest. The raid was con
ducted by the township of Cicero police.
The men were taken before Justice Ken
dall and released on $500 bonds.
Amateurs Will Box.
The regular monthly boxing exhibition
of the San Francisco Athletic Club will
be held Thursday evening next. There
will be nine amateur contests decided.
Each bout will go four rounds and Alec
Greggains will referee the contests. Fol
lowing is the programme: Ed Finnerty.
S. F. A. C vs. D. Rieser. S. F. A. C, US
pounds, four rounds; Joe Murphy, S. F.
A. C, vs. Hugh Friel. S. F. A. C., 120
pounds, four rounds; Al Jordan, Ivy A.
C, vs. Eddie Schneider,. S. F. A. C, 120
pounds, four rounds; Jamos O'Leary, S.
F. A. C vs. James Little, S. F. A. C, 125
pounds, four rounds; Charles Aikens, S
F. A. C vs. Frank Burns. S. F. A. C,
126 pounds, four rounds; Ed Feron, S. F
A. C.. vs.: James ¦Phipps," S.' F. A.C., 130
pounds, four rounds; S. Rhodes, S. F. A
C.. vs. Mark Ryan, S. F. A. C, 135 pounds,
four rounds; Fred Bell," S.- J F. A. C, vs.
Ed Tomalty.S. F. A. C, 145 pounds, four
rounds; Jack Sheedon. S. F. A. C, vs.
William A. Foster, S. F. A. C, 150 pounds,
four rounds.-
Submits Resolution to Supervisors
for Purpose of Reducing Mu
nicipal Expenses.
Supervisor Reed presented a resolution
to the Board of Supervisors just before
the meeting adjourned last night which
is Intended to reduce the expenses of the
municipal government In order to provide
a fund for public Improvements. The
resolution follows:
Whereas. It appears from the tax budget that
sufficient money to make the plans and esti
mates of the cost of acquiring public utilities,
commanded to be made within one year in ar
ticle 12 of the. new charter, cannot be levied;
and
Whereas, It also arrears that little or no
money can be devoted to public improvements,
notwithstanding the new charter was believed
by the people to be an instrument which would
bring about a new era of progressive public
improvements, and notwithstanding the plat
form upon which a majority of the Supervisors
was elected, pledees "the Mayor and Super
visors to a liberal policy of public improve
ments"; and
Whereas, It appears that the multiplication
of high-salaried officials is responsible in a
large measure. If not wholly, for the costly ad
ministration under the new charter; now there-
Resolved, That a committee of three be ap
pointed by the president to draft amendments
to the new charter for the purpose of reducing
the expenses of administration;, and to that
end the committee is directed to make a maxi
mum limit beyond which salaries cannot be
raised and a maximum limit beyond •which the
number of rlaces cannot be increased; and they
are further directed to provide a particular
fund to be designated "the public improvement
fund." which shall be devoted exclusively In
the making of public improvements, as distin
guished from the payment of salaries, and
which said fund shall not be less than five
hundred thousand (J500.00C) dollars per annum.
REED WANTS FUND FOR •
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS
SIXTY-DOG STAKE TO
BE RUN AT UNION PARK
Midweek stake, sixty entries: J. Keenan's
Mlra Monte vs. E. Casserly's Silence; Pasha
Kennels" Kude Awakening vs. J. Potter's
(names) Rcmulus; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Wanda vs. Connell. Bros.' Dunmore; M. J.
Welch's Milldale vs. J. Burns' Olympus; T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball vs. R. E. de B. Lope« &
Son's Minne Wa Wa; Lowe & Thompson's
Over the Border vs. J..Watklns' Merciless; T.
J Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. J. Watkins' Merd
lul- Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant vs. Gus
Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; ChlarinllBros.'
El Myra vs. W. C. Glasson's Santonin; Con
drey & Bought" s Flynn Crest vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Metallic; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union vs.
J Burns' Battleship: P. McCabe's Boney Boy
vs M. DiHon f s Challenger: M. Michllki's Ter
rona vs B. Silver's Reannex; J. p. Thrift's
Forget vs. J'. Burns' Eleven Spot; Aenied Ken
nels" Agamemnon vs. J. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom- J. P. Thrift's Tar o' Hill vs. P. j. R ii- e
ly'a Grafter: J. P. Thrift's Tired Out vs. Georse
Lahuson's Fireball: Irwin & Lyons' Silver Lion
vs M. P. ' Kavanaugh's Hard Lines; Loewe &
Thompson's Scotch Reel vs. Condrey &
Roupht's" Royal Lady; Curtis & Son's Shadow
vb F. A. McComb's Storm King; J. Carroll's
Auckland vs. R. Roberts' , Lady Hulda; George
Burhn's Monogram vs. J. Watkins' Gladiator:
Irwin & Lyons" Silver "Wins* vs. Pasha Ken
nels" May Hempstead; T. J. Cronin's Rose of
Tralee vs Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; M. J.
Welch's (names) Lady Norborn vs. T. J. Cron
in's Thornhltl: J. P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. D.
Winders' (names) London Links; Chiarinl
Bros.' Ranee vs. J. Potter , (names) Remus;
Curtis & Son's Blackette vs. J. Anthony's Pa
triot' J. J. Kenny's Winning: Lassie vs. W. C.
Glasoon's Sleigh Bells; P. O'Dowd's Cascade
vs F. A. McComb's One Spot.
On the arrival of the 10:15 train at
Union Coursing Park to-morrow a 60-dog
stake, in which a number of fast grey
hounds are entered, will be started. After
the first run-down there will be a great
deal of "class." Some exciting sport is
promised. Following Is the result of last
night's drawing:
MILWAUKEE, Wls., June 4.— Second
Baseman Henry Reltz.. formerly of. Pltts
burg, has notified Connie Mack that he
would not play with Milwaukee, having
sicned to olay in the California Leasue.
Will Play in California.
WRECK OF WAGON IN
A DOUBLE RUNAWAY
OAKLAND, June 4.— By the breaking of
lines on a team belonging to the tele
phone company a double runaway and
smash-up occurred at Grove and Twen
tieth streets at 6 o'clock this evening. Jo
seph Hunter, a stableman, narrowly es
caped death. He Is employed at a stable,
corner Twenty-fourth s"ireei and Tele
graph avenue.
While crossing Seventeenth and Grove
streets, driving the big^ company work
wagon home, the reins* broke ¦ and the
horses started to run.. At Twentieth street
they ran into a heavily laden wagon
owned by R. Franke of the Oakland Pic
kle Works. This team started away on a
gallop. Just before the collision Hunter
jumoed. but was thrown In front of hj^
Baseball Changes.
OAKLAND. June 4.— Several changes
have been made in the Oakland baseball
team, necessitated by the leaving of Ham
mond and Schmeer. Drews, who has been
catching for the Reliance, will be given
a chance behind the bat. Hardie will play
right field permanently and Borchers had
been signed to pitch. Franks will be placed
at short and Dunlevy at second base.
Special Dlypatch to -The Call.
I STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 4.—
Two important announcements have been
'.made by the Stanford authorities relative
; to changes that will be instituted the next
I college year. The law department ia to
be developed along rather radical lines
when compared to the system In vogue
in other American schools, and it has been
determined that not more than 500 female
students may matriculate during any one
| term hereafter. A definite plan of select
j ing candidates has yet to be arranged.
i It is probable that women students with
! advanced standing will be favored.
This curtailing condition regarding the
[ fair sex Is based upon the fixed Idea of the
i founders, settled upon long before the uni
i versity began its active existence — that
I the institution should be a school of gen
: eral training for men In the arts that
! would make them useful in life. It is
said that Mrs. Stanford favored, during
' the original planning, an equal co-educa
j tional scheme, whereby men and women
1 would stand alike in privilege and favor.
Senator Stanford at first deemed higher
j education, broadly speaking, only neces
! sary for men. Under a sort of compro
• mise the maximum number of women
• was placed at WX). Applications already in
; for the opening of the next college term
'• in September indicate that there will be
; fifteen hundred students in attendance.
i With the completion of the new library
i the main northeastern section of the
j quadrangie became the law building. Dur-
I Ing the next three months a great num
j ber of new books will be here shelved and
i catalogued. An acquisition heretofore
¦ unannounced will be in place shortly. It
is nothing less than the splendid private
i library of the late United States Supreme
I Court Justice Stephen J. Field. It comes
as a gift from the widow of the eminent
I jurist. Besides containing an especially
i strong Federal series, both of the upper
and lower court?, there are the State re
ports of Massachusetts. New York and
Ohio and hundreds of valuable text books.
Under other recent additions the law de
partment is on a strongly equipped work
ing basis.
The outlined scheme of study differs ma
terially from that of Eastern institutions.
Beginning with this year Stanford will
j require every graduate of the law school
to have previously acquired an A. B. de
gree or its equivalent. The undergraduate
who elects law: at Stanford may take only
the equal of one year in the law school
during his four collegiate years. Then
there fellow two years of law work lead-
Ing to the degree in law. Commencing
with September, the legal faculty will set
forth Its full strength in professors and
lecturers selected during the past few
vears. At the head of the school is Na
than Abbott. LL. B.. professor of law;
I Clarke B. Whittier. LL. B.. associate pro
! lessor of law; James P. Hall, LL. B.. as
sociate professor of law; Jackson E. Rey
nolds LL. B., assistant professor of law;
Charles R. Lewors. A. B.. assistant pro
fes=<«or of law. Hon. Curtis H. Lindley
will lecture on the law of mines and lrri
c^tion and Joseph Hutchinson will lecture
on California practice. The courses in
Roman and International law will be con
ducted respectively, by Professors Henry
B. Fai'rclough and C. A. Dunlway.
Faculty Announces Definitely That
Ecraaftcr Not Hore Than Five
Hundred Women Will Be Ad
mitt-d to the University.
Property of the Late United
States Chief Justice
Stephen J. Field.
SPLENDID LAW
LIBRARY GIVEN
TO STANFORD
Whether or not the Treasurer may re
tain fees for the collection of the inherit
ance tax and the Assessor may retain
them for the collection of poll tax
is a matter which the charter leaves in
some doubt, and the Grand Jury has de
cided to do something toward clearing the
doubt.
Under the charter these two officials are
given a salary, and it is expressly stated
that they shall receive no more compen
sation. But the State law says they shall
receive certain percentages, the one for'
the collection of the inheritance tax and
the other for the collection of poll tax,
and the question Is, does the State law or
the charter rule?
In the meantime there is on*hand $13,000
commissions on the collection of poll tax
and nearly $3000 commissions on inherit
ance tax. The "Assessor and the Treas
urer declare the amounts belong to them:
the Auditor is of the opinion that those
two sums belong to the city, and the
Grand Jury is going to try to find out. N.
N. Regensberger, chairman of the City
Hall Committee of the Grand Jury, was
in consultation with the Auditor yester
day and the result will be seen at an early
meeting of the jury.
The provisions of the charter are that
"the salaries provided in this charter shall
be in full compensation for all services
rendered," and "It shall be the duty of
any officer authorized by law to charge,
receive or collect any fee, * * * to de
liver the same to the Treasurer at the ex
piration of each business day. • • •
The Treasurer shall place all such moneys
in a fund to be designated the 'Unappor
tioned Fee Fund." which is hereby cre
ated, and shall keep such fund as other
funds In the treasury are kept, and shall
be liable on his official bond for all money
received."
This ia plain enoujrh so far as its local
application go^s. but it is claimed that
the fees so collected are liable by the
State law for the percentage that is al
lowed the collector, for the constitution
says that the charter is supreme only in
affairs municipal, and it cannot run con
trary to any general law. The commis
sions on poll and Inheritance taxes are al
lowed by a general law.
The point is another of those which go
to limit the scope of the charter and to
define exactly what the limits of affairs
municipal are. It will probably be set
tled in a suit for mandamus to compel
the Treasurer to apportion these fees to
the various funds at the end of the fiscal
year. -
Assessor's Percentage on Poll Tax
and Treasurer's Percentage on
Inheritance Tax in
Danger.
Proceedings to Decide Where
Fees Shall Go Under
the Charter.
WILL FIGHT FOR
COMMISSIONS ON
CERTAIN TAXES
TEN-INNING GAME.
Philadelphia Loses to Pittsburg in a
Close Contest.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 23 12 .637! St. Louis 1% 17 .514
Brooklyn 19 15 .55!)iBoston 14 1? .437
Pittsburg ....21 IS .KSlNew York. ...13 20 .3^4
Chicago 19 17 .52S Cincinnati ...12 22 .3:3
PHILADELPHIA. June 4.— Ten innings were
required to decide to-day's frame between Pitts
burg and Philadelphia. In the last inning:,
after two men had struck out. Wagner singled
and Cooley doubled, sending "Wagner across
the plate with the winning run. Attendance,
4290. Score :
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Pltisburg 5 10 1
Philadelphia 4 7 2
Batteries— Waddell. Philippl and Zlmmer;
Piatt and McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN, June 4.— After being touched
up for fourteen hits and five runs, KItson was
relieved in the sixth. Kennedy took his place
and Chicago's batting picnic was checked, but
Brooklyn could do very little with Griffith and
lost. Griffith was up in the air in the eighth,
but a sharp double play by Childs and Gan
zel paved him. Attendance, 14,000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. "E.
Chicago 6 18 2
Brooklyn 4 7 1
Batteries^ — Griffith and Donohue; Kitson,
Kennedy and Farrell. Umpire — O'Day.
BOSTON, June 4.— By hard and consecutive
hittlnsr Boston took the lead In the third In
ning of to-day's game. Umpire Swartwood de
clared Donlln out for Interference In the fifth.
The decision occasioned considerable excite
ment. Attendance, 45C0. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 6 13 2
St. Louts » 3 9 1
Batteries— Dlneen and Clarke: Hughey and
Robinson. Umpire— Swartwood.
XEW YORK, June 4.— The New Torks won
from Cincinnati to-day through sharp fielding
and batting that was backed up by Hawley's
effective pitching. Attendance. 3000. Score:
Clubs— , R- H. E.
New York 7 11 5
Cincinnati •• 4 6 3
Batteries— Hawley and Grady; Hahn, Scott
and Peitz. Umpire — Emslie.
American League Games.
CHICAGO. June 4.— Buffalo 3, Chicago 1,
fifteen inninss.
MINNEAPOLIS, June *.— Minneapolis 6, De-
MILWAUKEE, June 4.— Milwaukee 9. Cleve
land 8.
KANSAS CITY, June 4.— Kansas City 3, In
dianapolis !»._ ¦^* ¦
WRESTLER WILEY
WANTS LAURELS
Eastern Athlete After the
Bays He Lost at the
Olympic Club.
J* r$ AX WILEY, the clever Eastern
//)l\ wrestIer - whose brilliant work in
il 1&>\ the tournament held at the Olym
pic Cub In March last .created
such a favorable impression. Is expected
to arrive in this city to-day. He comes
at the special invitation of the local ath
letic institution to wrestle F. B. Bayly,
the only Olympian who gained a decision
over him during the tournament. The
bout will be held in the club's gymnasium
to-morrow night and will be witnessed by
members only. Wiley is every inch an
athlete and is never out of training. De
spite his long railroad journey he will be
ready to enter the gymnasium immediate
ly upon his arrival and do credit to him
self. Bayly has prepared for his coming,
and when these two clever exponents of
mat work lock arms the members will
surely see an excltine combat.
Wiley weighs 135 pounds, while Bayly,
his opponent, tips the scales at 156 pounds.
What the Easterner lacks In weight and
inches he easily makes up In science and
ag-{n"essiveness. He feels certain,, that lie
can defeat Bayly. When they met on the
last night cf the tournament Wiley was
not at his best. He had wrestled hard
on the preceding nights and was prac
tically fagged out. Despite this he made
things lively for Bayly. The last named
had the little Easterner in jeopardy twice
in the first bout, and In the other two
bouts honors were ev«n. '
Wiley is the champion amateur wrestler
of America in the 135 and 145 pound
classes. He was ambitious to win laurels
in the 156-pound class, but Bayly proved
not onlv too strong but too aggressive for
him. lie is so confident that he can defeat
his old opponent that he wrote to the Club
directors to arrange another bout. He
asks that the contest be settled in one
fall and that no time limit be set on the
bout. His wishes will be respected in the
matter.
Though. Complaint Has Been Made
to Health Board It Is Not
Abated.
When the bubonic Board of Health gets
throujrb fumigating in Chinatown it
rr.:^. ! :t with advantage detail one of its
tas-eaticg deputies to visit a private cre
matory existing in the vicinity of Lone
Mountain. This place" Is situated west
rf Masonic avenue, and between Turk
and Rose streets, where there is a collec
tion of Italian vegetable gardens. To
• se *rar<1»-n« several scavengers haul
ci':.>ads of manure and also refuse from
:'• Vjusiness portions of the city, which,
urcer the ordinance, should be hauled to
tti»- public crematory. Instead of this
tt.. «rav« gcrs avail themselves of the
opportunity of depositing the refuse- at
the t.ardfrs, and when night sets in it is
:;-.< irerated. The j-moke and obnoxious
gases arising from it have become a r.ui-
EBBCC to the people residing in that por
tion of the citr.
Complaint after complaint has been
made to the bubonic Board of Health
alnut the matter, but without bringing
any relief to the residents, though many
. blldrea have been made ill from the ef
:•. La at the burning refuse. The reduc
tion of the offal in the nanr.er said to be
in vogue thorr makes a considerable sav-
Jr.cr to the garbage gatherers, as they
have ret been called upon to pay the
rates charged by the public crematory.
AN OBJECTIONABLE
PRIVATE CREMATORY
Eugene Lynch Takes a Bride.
OAKLAND. June 4. — Eugene Lynch, a
former member of the Board of Educa
tion and a well-known Sixth Ward poli
tician, made hi3 third embarkation on tho
matrimonial seas last Saturday, when he
took for his bride Miss Margaret Ben
nett of this city. Mr. and Mr3. Lynch
are spending their honeymoon at the
Geysers.
Latest Casualties in Cuba.
WASHINGTON. June 4. — General
Wood's latest casualty list in Cuba is as
follows: Death report. 20th to 31&t May.
Columbia Barrack^. Quemados, first-class
Sergeant Charles E. Sherwood, signal
corps, died 31st. yellow fever; Private
Frank Elick. E. First Infantry, drowned
at Pinar del Rio, 2Sth; Santiago. Pack
master James J. Pieburn. died at Kl
Caney 2Sth, pernicious malaria: Santa
Clara. Post Commissary Sergeant Ed
ward Murphy, died 25th. yellow fever.
fiddle." The week's postponement of the
match has done him a world of good.
During tlie past tf>n days he has been do
ing considerable read work np " his letrs
and wind are perfect. Toby lrw-.. who is
to meet Willie Cole in a preliminary bout
on the samo evening:, has beneiited by his
training with Neill. H« looks bigger and
stronger than ever.
Moffatt Is leaving no stone unturned to
get info shape for his contest with the
local man. He is in superb condition.
While boxing with Frank Raphael a few
days ago they bumped heads, and as a
result Frank had to have four stitches
taken in his scalp to close a bad cut. Mof
fatt is a faithful worker.
|? there be any suspicion on the part of j a
'! e bettlce nubHe that \1 \"eill t\>e ¦ o
PCit.i.o puu.ic u.at -\i .>em. ti.e b
L lever California middle-weight, is not , k
in condition to defend his title r.ext ; t
Friday night it should be dismissed from ; B
their minds. Neill Is in spiendid r.nipe . h
nr.ii is ready to go tho route at whatever I a
pace Jack Moffatt of Chicago cuts out for j t
him. His left arm is as sound as a two- j T
,..„,. _lrf nri^ hf> wi! i hp l:) i o to hlccV- n-d S
>car-old and he will be awe to diock a..u p
administer smashes with that member , r
with -ris much ease a? at any time hereto- I c
fore. X^ill said at his symnasium during j h
a short breathing spell yesterday that his
, arm was entirely well. He does not boast
! of his ability to defeat Moffatt, but says
he will make his Chicago opponent ac
knowledge that he lias had a battle after
they leave the riny.
Neltl worked before a sc^re of admirers
yesterday. He was as active as a cat in
his movements and his breathing appar
atus showed that it was in proper condi
tion. He boxed four fast rounds with
Toby Irwin. punched the bap: until it
Showed signs °f collapsing:, toyed with the
pulley-weisrhts and then wanted to po four
rounds with F. Gilbert Blodes, the fat
capitalist. "Duck" Sullivan, his trainer,
had to restrain the willing: boxer.
Xeill is down to weight and as "fit as a
Pole vau'.t— Gcieher, C G. P.: Heron, P II
G S.; Vcn GeisterfeM. C. P. H. C.
T,-yzrA ilash for junior Olympics — Buhlei:.
CltvLiFh. Coolea and lla^or.
Five-iaj* relay race between repre5er.tative>
fn ra tfee three teams.
Following are the officials of the ir.eet
Referee, Wiinais Gre<*r Harrison; starter.
Robert liauser; tiraors. J. KammTsmiih.
Georre Jem*-? and L->on Ro~s; ju<lsr*>s at finish,
i-". 3. I-cix- tto K. Moss an<i H. Law-ton; flti.l
JuCjres, Ii Irvrin. R. Kennedy. H. Manor:
rierk o< crurse. H. A. E. Jaehne; announcer.
P. K. Raa.h; «*xrrr, L. Buhiert.
The Young California Middleweight's Pretty Sidestep.
COMMENCEMENT WEEK
AT SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
List of Young Graduates Wbo Have
Completed Their Studies at the
Institution.
Sr^i-il Disratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 4.— Old students from
various parts of the State are gathering
at Santa Clara College for the forty
ninth annual commencement exercises,
which besan this evening with the pre
sentation of theatricals by the students.
To-morrow they will hold a grand re
union. This evening the college theater
was crowded with an enthusiastic audi
ence composed of friends and relatives
of the students. The programme opened
with a selection. "Alma Mater," by the
college band. Scenes from "The Mer
chant of Venice" were presented in an
excellent manner. The parts were well
sustained and showed careful training and
study on the rart of the students .The
personnel of the cast v,asas follows.
The Duke of Venice. Riley K ng.Anto
nio. John Clark; Bassar.io Justin V-llcox.
Salanio. Francis Farry; Salarino. AUWShM
Foley; Gratiano. Harry McDonald ba
lerio, William Regan; Lorenzo Hugh
Furman; Shy lock. James Bacigalupi; -Por
tia. John Ivanovich: Nerissa, Leo Jones.
This was follewed by a laughable farce
in one act. with the following cast:
Thomas Dana, painter Irwtn Bounds.
Richard Wagner, musician. Hugh Fur
man; Wolfgang Goethe poet. John Ivan
ovich- Jones, landlord. John Clark; loaac.
clothes dealer. Cornelius Devine.
To-morrow afternoon a -meeting of the
alumni and the annual banquet will be
held Responses have already been re
ceived from 120 old students and promi
nent men in all walks of life from about
the State will be present. These annual
gatherings of old scholars are looked
pleasantly forward to by the alumni.
At 4 o'clock President R. E. Kenna will
call the alumni together in business ses
sion. This will be an important gather
ing as the question of whether the college
is to be removed from ;he present stte or
rebuilt arid enlarged where it now is will
be fully discussed. Opinions and sugges
tions from the alumni will be asked. The
alumni will also plan for an entertain
ment to be held during the year and to aid
in erecting a greater college, the corner
stone of which is to be laid in 1901. when
the fiftieth anniversary of the school oc
curs.
The graduation exercises will be held in
the evening. A fine literary and musical
programme will be rendered. Those to re
ceive diplomas in the college, with the
degree of bachelor of arts, are: Wllllara
J Kieferdorf, Oakland: Charles A.
Thompson. Santa Clara: Guy W. Connor.
La Connor. Wash.; Thomas F. Casey. GI1
roy; Edward M. Leonard. Aptos; Antonio
M. Sylva. W'atsonville; Valente B. Fllip
pinl. "Napa: Kdward I. Leake. Woodland.
Graduates of the commercial depart
ment: John Casey. Sacramento: Felix
Galtes. Bakersfleld; William" Keating.
San Francisco; William Seally, Lemoore.
own wagon. He was kicked by a horse
and tne^wbeels passed over him, but his
injuries are not serious.
Franke's team ran several blocks, the
wagon and contents being demolished.
The telephone company's wagon was not
damaged much. The team naa stopped by
the collision.
Not ' a Favorite in Front
When the Wire Is
Reached.
Starter Caldwell Wields the Flag at
tlie Queen City Jockey Club's
Track and Earns Public
Approval.
NEW YORK. June 4.— Long shots had
another inning at Gravesend to-day and
not a single favorite was past the judges
first. Results:
Hurdle handicap, one mile and three-quarters
— Governor Grlggs won. Lackland second. Maze
third. Time, 3:13.
Five furlongs, selling— Quiz II won. Beau
Gallant second, Glennellie third. Time, 1:02.
One mile and seventy yards— Orontas won.
Scale second. Long Isle third. Time, 1:47.
The Criterion stakes, four and a half fur
longs — Cap and Bells won,' Lurcania second.
Ashes third. Time, :55 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Maximo Gomez
won, Firearm second, Charentus third. Time,
1:48.
About six furlongs, selling — Picardy won. Her
Ladyship second. Gaze third. Time, 1:10 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— Three favorites,
two second choices and a well-played
third choice won the events at the Fair
Grounds. Results:
One mile and an eighth, selling — Parole d'Or
won, Baffled second. Mystery third. Time,
1:55.
Seven furlongs— Tulla Fonso won, Algol sec
ond. Hi Nocker third. Time, 1:28.
Five furlonps — The Mecca won, * Dangerllne
Eecond. Miss Zara third. Time. 1:03.
One mile — Ru?sell R won. Tom Gilmore sec
ond, Silent Friend third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs, handicap— Dr. Cave won. Bum
mer s?cond t> Fireside third. Tinu\ 1:13*4.
Six furlongs, selling— Bertha Xell won. Ned
Wicks second. Queen Esther third. Time,
1:14%.
CINCINNATI, June 4.-The second six
day meeting of the Queen City Jockey
Club opened to-day with delightful
weather and a large crowd. Starter Cald
well took Jake Holtman's place at the
barrier and did good work. Results:
Six furlongs— Crinkle won, Winter second.
Iris third. Time. 1:14*;.
Four and a half furlongs — School won. Queen
Carnival second. Virginia T third. Time. :58.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling — Hiph Xoon
won, Flammarion second. Bellamy third. Time,
1:49*4.
One mile— Philippine won. Unsightly second,
Florlzar third. Time. 1:41.
Five furlongs — r>rofrhe<la won. Irvin? Mnyor
second. G!<?nbow third. Time. 1:02%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling — Trabor
won. La Grange second, Fannie Taylur third.
Time, 1:49.
CHICAGO, June i.— Weather clear:
track slow at Hawthorne to-day. Re
sults:
One mile, selling — The TIobTiv won. Lake
Mills second, MacCabe third. Time. 1:44.
Six furlonps — Nobleman won, Orimar second.
Bar.jfle third. Time. 1:1">»;.
Steeplechase handicap, short course — Globe II
won. Frond second. Viking third. Time. 3:14U.
The Juvenile stakes, five furlongs — Garry
Herrman v.-on, Silverdale second. Sortie third.
Time, 1:C2H-
One mile and an eighth, selling — Star Cham
ber won. Jimp second. Trimmer third. Tlrrt\
1:54%.
One n.ile — Gold Fox won, Gend second, llolo
third. Time- 1:41%.
OUTSIDERS GET
ALL THE MONEY
AT GRAVESEND
An in<5nor track athletic meet will be
held in the srymriasium of the Olympic
Club on Friday evening between "track
teams representing the Crocker and Pa
c.:'.c Kcig-hts Grammar schools and the
Volv-hla. Park Boys' Club, for a trophy
off.;red by the directors of the athlttic in
stitution. Invitations have been sent out
to the members and friends of the schools
and there is every likelihood that the
ciubrooms will be crowded.
During the past two weeks the young
athletes have been practicing hard for
their events. Each night they have
conned their running shoes and have
¦printed rour.d the Olympic running track
in a msr.ser that bids fair to result In
broken records. The fair sex has been
Invited to grace- the meet and their pres
ence will spur the lads on to greater cf
icrts. Each school will be represented by
a contingent of rooters. School colors and
yeus will be seen and heard with a ren
pance. All preparations for the meet
have been completed. The entries in the
erect* have closed and all that waits is
the night of the contests. Following are
tile entries ia the various events:
(Abbreviations— C. G. B., Crocker Grammar
School; P. H. G. S.. rarific Heights Grammar
fcchool; C. P. 3. C, Columbia Park Boi«*
Club.)
21-yard daj-h— Xealcn. C G. S. : Woodward
P. H. O. S.; More, C. P. B. C; Lichtenstein.
ryi-Yard <iash— Golcfcer, C. G. S. ; Woodward.
P. It. G. S. : Tatun. P. II. G. S .; More C I'.
13. C. ; McMullen. C P. B C
SOO-yard dmsb— Mohrtr. C G. S. : Cavanau^h
C- G. i?. : Roberts. P. II. G. S. ; Tatum. P. H.
G. H.; McMuIIen. C. P. B. C. ; O'Neill C P.
B. C.
O').yar(3 dash— Martin. C. P. B. C; Tatum,
P. H. G. S.; Heron. P. H. G. S.; Rogers C.
P. n. c.
3t>x-yard dash— Martin. C. G. S. : I^ang C.
G. S.; r-aJton. P. H. G. S. ; Cornyn. C. P.
B. C. : P.ocrers C. P. B. C.
Hirh jutr.p— Cavanaugh.. C. G. S. ; riai?»:r.ari.
C. G. S.; Roberts. P. H. O. S.; Dalton. P.
II. G. S.; Von Gcistertelu. C. P. B. C.
Br^ad Jump— Kief «-. C. G. g. : Nealon C G.
S. : R.-.r*rt*. P. H. G. S. : Heron P. H G. S ¦
Von GeUtcrfeld. C. P. B. C; Johnson. C. P.
Three Teams to Contest for Hand
some Trophy Offered by the Di-
rectors of the Athletic
Institution.
An ' Interesting Indoor Meet
Arranged for Clever
Young Athletes.
SCHOOL BOYS TO
COMPETE AT THE
OLYMPIC CLUB
BOXERS NEILL AND MOFFATT
READY FOR THEIR CONTEST
i'liJ3 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
5
MAX WILEY.
FUtt'i CkUridet if a e:2«atr»ted liquid
disinfectant, odorless, safe and cheap. •
D2. HALL'S BEfNViGDBAT0R[f£3Ef§
Five bundred Toward for any iSji^fcSGl
case we cannot cure. This secret f* a Ot£S
t*rufif «te;..g oil losses in *4 H K
hours'. cur*-s Kralsainns. Impo- V*& ttti
t«*ncy. V«rtnoc*l». Gonorrhoea. $*T Wtt
Gleet. Fit*. Stricture*. I^ost illij liiLt
Manhood a id all wasting (<••• :s :>£? Z&C
of ePlf-abuw? />r excesses. Htr.t LSEtSsfsS
s. •••:.-;, $2 bottle; Z bottle, ti; jruaranteed to
cure any cas<\ Address If ALL'S MEDICAL IN-
6TITCTE. K- r < nroadvay. Oakland. Oal. AIfo
for Role at ICSH6 Market rt.. P. F. All private
Ciso&*es Q.uick!y cured. Send for free book.
scription. " It cures female weak ness and
diseases of the delicate organs which
undermine woman's strength and mar
her beauty. It makes weak women
Etronrj, sick \romen well.
Mrs. W. J. Kinder, of Kill Dale Farm {Enos-
btrrjz- Center). Kaosburs:. Vt., writes: "Your
kindly ndvice r.nd mediciaes have brought me
great relirf. During the past year I found
myself pregnant Baa in rapidly lalling health.
I *ufTcre<i dreadfully from bloating and urinary
difficulty. I was growing weaker each day and
caCcrco much shirp pam at times. I felt that
Eomethins must be done. / sought your advice
end rereivrd a prompt rrplv. I took twelve
bctiles of Dr. I'icrcc-'s Firorite Prescription, and
also followed your instructions. I began to im-
prove iuiiw ilTilciT, my health became excel-
led, aad I could do ail my own work (we live
on a Eood sized fans), i walked and rode all I
could, aad rajorcd it. I had a short, easy coa-
fcnenieiu, and have a healthy baby boj\"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure foul
breath, by curing its cause.
It yon baren t a regular, health? movement of ttta
bowels every day. you'ro sick, or will be. Keei> your
bowels open, and be well, l-.r-e i>i tbesbapoof
violent physic or plU poison, is cancerous. The
smoothest, easiest, cost perlcct way oc keeping ta«
bowels clear auJ clean U to Ui-e
Plensant. Palatable. I*»tent,Ta»te Good. Do Good.
Never Slcfcen. Weaken, or Uripe. We. S5c sOe Write
for free sample, and booklet on health. Address •
Stertia; Rrm*4f fmpmmf, thing*, Xutml, Xtw York. VH
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To South African nx^ri the tuHp plant,
v.hir-h the beasts greedily devour, Is a
rar.k poipon.
k £§§T* Spedia3 Sate Fans "l&B
X' During the entire week, a large importation of real Ostrich Feather Fans with
t£ shell Blade?, and the correct sizj and style of Empire Fins, worth from 33c to
£ $5.00 each, at
g Om-Third Off Regular Prices.
& $15 Suit", P* tf»gl Tfr ilP4» fifer^ IT 7* z* **- "^ Gloves.
j£ $9. m CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. $1.5O.
BSF Silk Sale, Last Bay* 1B&
Most remarkable offering of fine Silk3 ever made by the Me:
store. High-grade Novelty Silks — the choicest productions of the
year— a lot of short lengths (from 8 to 3D yards), secured by our
New York buyer at a closing out price from ftF^tik
ihe great jobbing house of Arnold. Constable jfrUg? jgF^fr
& Co., New York, worth regularly from $1.25 ra*J% yaSgr Sw*
to $2.50 per j a -d, to-dsy only m^
fewest Plisses, Fancy zArmures, Pompadour Effects.
Fancy Taffetas, Printed Warps, Persian Stripes.
Lace S'ripes, Solid Black and White Effects.
(Midsummer Book 'Bulletin Out To-'Day.
One-Quarter Off*
Another oppcrtunitv this day only (Tuesaav) to
buy Remnants of all kinds of Nrjo Summer Merchan-
Dress Goods Remndnis, Lace Remnants,
Embroidery T^emnanls, Veiling Remnants,
Wash Fabric Remnants, R bbon %mnants,
Tapestry T^emnants, Curtain 'Remnants.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 "l
Perfect
Health
Is essential to happiness and beauty.
If you are troubled vrith distressing :
symptoms, such as headache. Diz-
ziness. Tired Feeling:. Stomach De- .
rangement and costivpness. you
• cannot expect to be happy and
beautiful. You are unfit for an ac-
tive and enjoyable iife. In fact you
are 1t» a dangerous condition — "
sooner or later to be controlled by
disease. These mild symptoms lead
to chronic diseases, which mean
much suffering If not death. Im-
pure blood is the main cause of the
trouble. Purify your blood and
prevent disease. i
ELECTR0ZONE
Is the best of blood purifiers — actlnsr
on the blood with quicker and bet-
ter results than any known remedy. \
At Druggists, tl Bottle. ;
Send for pamphlet to
ELECTROZOXE MFG. CO., S. F. -
awosnsai \/Pi
To find her beauty A /&f*w$.
fi'I:::g, and feel her A\ /ttffijSM
strength slowly i(*/°^v" Vv^^iS
flipping away. k^^S^SH
Vorry onir makes ft^^i^V^
matters worse. In A^pf*^^*. >^Q
such a crisis the 3w^'5?jr£* \ >
wise ronan acts. # \
She looks around . r, t\ X -^ \\
for help, and finds r^ft/H l &£SlS'
it in Dr. Pierce's 7 \
Favorite Prescrip- Jl^3 3$*?*'.
tion. No other t-'/Yjb'-
tnedicine Jias done 3^fi$\
so much for weak r*U^Vl r />T^7u.**-
and feeble women f^^^f^i^
TRADE MAAK RCOWTVRCO^^^^^Sudden Death, of Michael Gallagher.
Michael Gallagher, a derrick man, 5C
years old, was found dead yesterday
morning in his room at 924 Mission street.
He^had arisen for the day. dressed him
self and filled his pipe, preparatory to
lighting it and sank back into his chair
dead. Heart disease is believed to have
been the cause of death: The body was
taken to the Morgue.
STARVATION IN INDIA
Editor The Call— Over fifty millions of
people in India are suffering for food.
Ten millions will die of starvation before
another harvest if not helped by their
fellow men in other lands. Cholera la
raging in the relief tamps, adding to \he
horrors of a most appalling condition.
Knglund is caring for rive millions, but
is unequal to the whole -task. The civil
ized world is challenged to extend a help
ing hand. San Francisco must do its
part. A joint committee of members of
the Chamber of Commerce, of the Minis
terial Union and of citizens at large will
receive contributions through its treasur
er, I. J. Truman of the Columbian Bank-
Ing Company, and forward them to
United States Consul-General Patterson
at Calcutta. '-. '-•••• ,
• Ten cents will Bustain a human life for
five days, and ten-cent contributions from
those who ' can afford to . give no more
are urgently called for.
CHARLES A. MURDOCK;
. Chairman of » Citizens' Meeting.
. San Francisco, June 4." 1900. ;
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 4.— L,. S. Pietra of
Los Angeles is at the Holland. W.jB.
Miller and son of Oakland are at the Em
pire. _. •¦'¦ : 'x
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 4.— W. C. Kalston,
president of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, left for Boston to-night. K. .L..
Anderson and wife are at the Riggs.
Death of Charles J. McCarth
Charles J. McCarthy.', a well-known
•newspaper man of this city, died at 1057
Folsom street last Sunday evening of
consumption, after a painful illness of
six months Mr. McCarthy was born in
San Francisco ihirty-etsht years ago and
did his first newspaper worK on The Call
and Alta. lie became interested In polit
ical news early in his newspaper career,
and some of his oest work -in that line
was done for the Post and Bulletin. A
short time ago he had charse of the Wine
and Spirit Keview of this city, but Ill
health obliged him to seek less onerous
employment. He was the only son of his
widowed mother. Local newspaper men
have taken charge of the arrangements
for the funeral, which will take place on
Wednesday morning from Hagan's'Un
dertaking Parlors, corner of Sacramento
and Polk streets. The body win be In
terred* In Laurel Hill Cemetery
Officers Are Elected.
San Francisco Tent No. IS of the
Knights of the Maccabees has elected the
following named officers for the ensuing
term: A. N. Bourne. C: W. \V. Thomp
son, L. C; Theo Froellch, R. K.: H. H.
Castle,- F. K.; D. J. Sutton, chaplain; J.
H. Sampson. S.: F. R. Sampson. M. A.;
F. LJmpach. F. M. of G.; C. H. Van Orden, #
S. M. of G.: Thomas J. Harris, sentinel;
W. B. Greenberg. picket.
Redwood Camp of the woodmen of tha
World has elected the following named to
serve for the ensuing term: O. W
Schweinhard. C. C: J. L. Isaac A. L.,
•Neighbor Fitzgerald. E.: Neighbor -Jl
man. \\\; Neighbor Kyan. S.; C» \\. \\el>
ber M • Neighbor Blane. assistant clerk.
Court* Inter Nos of the Foresters of
America has elected th- following named
a , i ts officers: \\ . A. Duffy. C. R.; U. \\.
Smith SC R-; P- F - McCarthy. R. S.;
F \V Clark S. W.; W. S. Shannnbrook.
J." \V. ; G. J. Dueff, S. B.; John Murphy,
Court Acme, Foresters of America, has
plectcd officers as follows: A. J. Glover.
r-R-J A Wilson. S. C. R.: W. A. Sam
uels F s"- D. J. Cronin. F. S.: H. E. Ma
guire. S W.; George E Crjne. J W.; J.
D. Miller, S. B.: R- Reynoldson, J. B.
Month's Becord Made by Friends ot
the American Library for
Manila.
The Manila Library Committee acknowl
edges the following donations for the
month of May:
Bound books, 613: unbound books, 352;
magazines, 2062; papers, 3663. Three hun r
dred and- ninety-five bound books. 266 un
bound books. 677 magazines and 760 papers
have been sent to Manila; G5 unbound
books. 717 magazines and 010 papers to
Cabalogan, island of Samar, and 14 bound
books. 240 magazines and S63 papers to
Negros Island.
The following named contributed during
the month:
Mesdames G. E. Ripley. McAllister. C. Wins
low. H. -Meyers. Burr, Frank Miller. Livlrj?
stone, £. Nickelsburgr, H. Heyneman, I. \V.
Hellman, Lynch. Prlnglc. J. Park»r. A. Zach
arlas, J. Llchtener. Schleeman, Horatio Steb
blna. H. E. Van Slcklen, Van Whern. Klein, J.
K. Harrington, Coombs, Lowenberg, McMullin
and J. C. Hanon; San Jose and San Francisco
Red Cross Societies. Judge E. A. Ilelcher, The
Wave, MiBaes Rudolph. Samson. KUiott. Rowe
and Johnson. The Examiner. Father Wyman,
E. \V. Wheaton and George Buckingham.
SENT BOOKS TO THE
BOYS AT THE FRONT
THE WORK OF THE SESSION.
WHILE Congress has not at this session
achieved all the public hoped for, it has done
enough to merit the commendation of the pco
j pie and to justify Republican conventions in "poini
| ing with pride" to its record as an evidence of the
; fidelity with which the representatives of the party
I carry out when in office the pledges made in the plat
r fcrms. Washington authorities state that this session
: of Congress has been the busiest in many years, and
, although it has failed to pass the Nicaragua canal bill,
i the merchant marine bill, or to revise the war revenue
' ti-.x, it ha» nevertheless enacted such an amount of
! beneficial legislation as to make. the record of the scs
i sion stand well in comparison with that of the most
I energetic Congress.
, The most important act of the session is of course
| the passage of the currency and banking bill, which
(has gone far toward settling all the financial problems
.of the country. In fact, the bill would have com
| pletely settled such problems were it not that the
I prominence of Bryan as the Presidential candidate of
: one of the great parties of the people continues to
! menace the sound money policy of the Government
i and compels further attention to financial issues.
One of the best features of the bili is that which
provides for an increase of small banks, so that even
in the smaller towns and villages o,f the country the
' people may have the advantage of banking facilities.
I The results of this feature of the act have thus far
• been excellent. The report of the Comptroller of the
i Currency recently published gives the figures of the
} total applications for new bank charters during the
j first two months of the existence of the law. It ap
; pears that in all there h&ve been 228 of these for banks
with a capital of less than $50,000 each, making the
j total capital $5,905,000. Within the same time there
I were received applications for sixty banks with a capi
! tal of more than $50,000 each, bringing the total of
j capital up to $7,205,000.
; While the figures do not show as large an incerase
in banking facilities as was expected, they are never
: thcless an evidence of the beneficial effect of the bill.
Since so much in the way of additions to the banks
of the country has been attained within the first two
; months of the opcraijpn of the law, during the spring
i season of a Presidential election year, when capitalists
are timid about undertaking new enterprises, it is a
fair presumption that in due time the la\y will provide
all sections of the country with ample banks for the
' transaction of business.
; Hardlj' less important than the financial measures
I of 'the session were those dealing with Hawaii and
f Porto Rico. In legislating for the islands Congress
had to deal with new problems, and had almost noth
t ing in the way of precedent to serve as a .guide in
' solving them. To render the task of legislation more
j difficult, considerable differences of opinion existed
WAITING FOR OTHERS TO ACT.
DISPATCHES from London giving account
of the proceedings in Parliament stated a few
days ago that when James MacKenzie, Con
servative member for Cardiff, called attention to the
Indian famine and pointed out that the Indian Gov
ernment appears unable to cope with it, Lord George
Hamilton, Secretary for India, replied "that in his
opinion an appeal to the British exchequer now would
only dry up the springs of private charitable contribu
tions."
There is something very like infamy in that proposi
tion. When a rich and powerful Government de
liberately withholds help from the sufferers of a fam
ine so terrible as that which prevails over a large part
of India, with the object of forcing humane people to
undertake relief by private contributions, the action
is about as infamous as governmental action ever be
comes. Millions of the people of India are starving.
Their countrymen are poor. Their national affairs are
in the hands of British administrators. They cannot
levy taxes for themselves nor disburse the revenues
they pay into their treasury. Upon British officials
they must rely, and now the Minister of State who
is responsible for Indian affairs glibly informs Parlia
ment and the world that the imperial Government will
not ask an appropriation for the starving millions be
cause such an appropriation would "dry up the
springs of private charitable contributions."
In all parts of the United States benevolent men
and women are doinjf what they can to raise money to
buy food and supplies for the Indian sufferers. Ap
peals are made to the generous day after day, and the
responses have been prompt and liberal. Vast quan
tities of food and large sums of money have been con
tributed by the American people, and the aggregate
relief given in that way. has been great. Still it is not
equal to the need.. A population larger than that of
the United States is in want of the necessaries of life.
They are dying by thousands every day, amid all
forms of wretchedness and misery. ¦ The utmost
powers of civilization exerted to the fullest could
hardly minister to the wants of all, the sufferers, and
in the face of that fact the Secretary for India op
poses a grant of relief from the British exchequer
because it would dry up charity.
The policy thus announced is something more than
inhumanity. It 13 a violation of a plain duty impera
tive in its. nature. So far as any Government is re
sponsible for the conditions of the people under its
control, the Government of Great Britain is respon
sible for the conditions in India. It has established
over those people an absolute paternalism, so far as
subjection and restriction are concerned, for it allows
them little or no voice in the. direction of their af
fairs, and consequently it owes them something of 2
paternal care for their welfare and their lives. Great
Britain is rich. There is no lack of money in her ex
chequer. When the Government recently asked for
a war loan the capitalists of the world offered in the
aggregate more- than ten times what was asked for.
Therefore if the British Ministry desire to relieve In
dia.-it can dp so without trouble. It prefers, however,"
to wait. It does not intend to dry up that spring of
private charity which is so abundantly flowing from
the United States.
W. H. McKenzle. the Fresno banker. Is
at the Lick.
W. M. Graham, an oil man of Coallnga,
is at the Palace.
J. O. Home, a merchant of Plttsburg,
is at the Palace.
H. Radln, a merchant of Fresno, Is reg
istered at the Grand. v. J -v
W. H. Cleary Jr., a mining man of San
Andreas, Is at the Lick.
R. Boyle. of Mountain View and wife are
guePts at the Occidental.
Thomas R. More, a capitalist, of Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace.
J. W. Kaseburg, a wealthy rancher of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
P. W. Morese. a merchant of Watson
ville, is a guest at the Grand.
J. M. Melghan, a mining man of Grove
land, is a guest at the Occidental.
W. S. Berdan Jr., an insurance man of
Portland. Ore., is at the Occidental.
Robert B. Bach, a merchant of Brook
lyn, Is at the Palace with his wife.
H J Small of Sacramento, master me
chanic of the Southern Pacific Company,
is at tlie Palace.
Major F. R. Keefer, a surgeon in the
army, who has just returned from the
Philippines, is at the Palace.
Dr S. G. Schaefer of Los Angeles and
his two daughters, the MJsses Hazel and
Myrtle Schaefer. are at the Occidental.
Captain E. B. Fenton of the army, who
has spent two years in the Philippines,
returned on the Meade and Is at the Oc
cidental-
Thomas Brown of Rohnerville, Hum
boldt County, is in the city on his way to
Point Arguello, where he will take charge
of the lighthouse there, -j
Rev. P. O'Reilly of San Miguel came
down yesterday to meet his brother, Rev.
James O'Reilly, who arrived from the
East on Sunday. They are at the Lick.
Lieutenant E. B. Cassatt, son of Presi
dent Cassatt of the Pennsylvania Rail
road, returned on the Meade from a cam
paign in the islands and is at the Palace.
Charles Downing, a mining man of Han
ford, and Joseph Robertson, who repre
sents an English mining syndicate operat
ing in Vhis State, are registered at the
Palace.
\ Captain C. B. Hardin of the Eighteenth
Inft-ntry and Captain w. P. "Woottn of the
Engineering Corps were among the ar
rivals on the Meade. They are at the
Occidental. /. i'
PERSONAL MENTION.
Physician Bequeaths an Estate of
Large Value to His Immediate
Relatives.
The will of the late Dr. Charles S. Haley,
for many years manager of Heald's Busi
ness College, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent's estate is valued at $76,000
and consists' of a third interest in the
Thermal tract. Fresno County, valued at
$10,750; a half interest in the Shannon
ranch, Fresno County, valued at $12,500; a
half interest in another ranch in Fresno,
valued at $6000; a half interest in the Reed
ley ranch, valued at $2500; house and lpt
near Melrose, valued at $500; stock in
Heald's Business College, valued at $2o.OOO;
a fourth interest in the Hall warehouse,
valued at $2000; three houses and lots in
realty valued at $1000.
The entire estate is left in trust, the
Income to be paid in equal shares to May
A. Haley, decedent's widow: his children,
Fannie E. Hall. Ola Morehouse. Rose H.
Jenkins. Eugenia T. Elllngwood. Williard
G., Charles S. Jr., John T. and Clarence E
Haley, and his sister, Sophronia Quimby
Low. Mrs. Haley is named as executrix
to serve without bonds.
CHARLES S. HALEY'S
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
Book Concern to Be Turned Over to
a Special Commission of
Methodists.
Rev. James H. N. ¦Williams of Xapa
read a papeT at the Methodist ministers'
meeting yesterday morning on "The In
fluence of Skepticism on Character." In
part he said:
We b«lleve it would be ruinous to moral
character to give up our faith la Christianity,
because of the manner in which morals are
treated by secular schools. The ten com
mandments, or moral law. are regarded by ail
Christians and Jews as of very rreat import
ance, but in the minds and teachings of mod
ern skeptics the ten commandments aa a code
of morals are considered very Inferior. I con
tend that the moral and intellectual are not
one, but distinct and Independent. Undoubt
edly skeptics would like to establish their
oneness.
The 'names of the gentlemen who will
compose the commission to look after the
interests of the Book Concern were read
at the meeting. They are: Rolla V. Watt
C. B. Perkins. I. J. Truman, Rev. J. N.
Beard and Rev. E. R. Dllle, representing
the Northern. Conference, and A. J. Wal
lace and T. C. Miller of the Southern Con
ference. The Book Concern will pass into
the hands of the commission on July 1.
The sum of $7300 a year, which is equiva
lent to the annual losses of the Book Con
cern for the past three years, will be al
lowed the commission as a margin to
cover a deficit.
Dr. Beard, after reading the list of
names, remarked that the Book Concern
had not been sufficiently In touch with the
ministers and congregations. He said he
was in favor of local control. He also said
that fifteen out of sixteen delegates to tha
General Conference signed a memorial
asking that body to make such a change
The general sa^e of books will be stopr^d
and the buninjas will be devoted to dis
posing of church periodicals and hymn
books.
Rev. Benjamin Anderson of England
narrated a number of evangelistic rem
iniscences at the Baptist ministers' meet
ing, and the Congregationalists devoted
theft 1 session to discussing the Pacific
Coast congress, held in this city a short
time since. tBPte
P^INISTERS DISCUSSED-^—
THEOLOGICAL SUBJECTS
THE criticism often has been made that In railroad trains,
waiting rooms, dining rooms, street cars, everywhere,
men are absorbed in the daily papers, while women either
do not read them or merely tkim the fashion and society
columns. Women, it is said, take no interest in current events
and hence are not fitted to participate in public affairs". A
philosophical explanation may be found in the old adage,
"Men have no need of keys who have no doors to unlock.
Men of at; classes scan the daily paper to learn the latest
development in politics with as much avidity as the school-
Kirl seizes upon the next chapter in the serial story. They
observe the political situation in other countries because in
a measure, it is Interwoven with their own They -feel this
kf>en interest because they themselves can help in the making
of ?his "history. It is natural that men should be deeply
interest-.! in matters which they themselves have power to
Sr "^hy a s ( hou?d tr women give that close attention to public af
fair*" Who cares for their opinion after it is formed? For
now much does it count in influencing? povernment?
It is said that the next year after the women of Colorado
were enfranchised more works on political economy were sold
than in all Its previous history. The women of that State ara
to-day as careful readers of the newspapers as are the men.
Give women everywhere the same incentive and they will be
come as well informed.
It is true that the masses of women do not keep so closely
in touch with current events as do the masses cf men, und yet
thousands of this generation have an intelligent understanding
of them where ten of the past had any knowledge whatever.
There is not one of the vital questions that are crowding upon
u=? so closely and rapidly at the present time which does not
affect women as deeply as it does men.
A Presidential election is now upon us with its momentous
questions. "Whatever may be Its results, whether the present
Administration is continued in power cr whether there 13 a
complete overturning and the establishment of a wholly dif
ferent system, women will gain or lose, thrive or retrograde,
find happiness or misery in exactly the same, proportion aa
men. •
And yet in all this making nnd administering of laws, in
this creating nnd deciding of great issues, this choosing of
the nation's rulers, women must be dumb as oysters, helpless
as babes, accepting in silence and submission whatever condi
tions are placed upon them, denied absolutely the freemen's
privilege of having their opinions registered and counted.
.Attention has been called to the fact that although
some weeks have parsed sir.ee Bryan and Town?
v ere nominated by "he Populists at Sioux Falls, the.
costrmittee has not yet notified them of the honor, and
in're is a growing suspicion that they are trying to
slip the Vice Presidential cr.rd up a sleeve before th-.'y
i^alce a show-down.
The rapidity V.ith which the tide of immigration is
increasing with the increasing prosperity ot the coun
try is attracting no Jittle attention at New York,
v.hcre the tide comes in. but at Washington, where
there :<? power to restrict it, there is not even a rao
racnt of attention paid to it.
An untcrrificd Boer asserts that so long as Kruger
has a cart and sixteen oxen to haul him from place
to place he will never rurrender, but such a team
seems to be too big for one man and too little for a
government. Oom Paul should cither take to a pony
or stick to the railroad.
There is in the refusal of Queen Liliuokalani to ac
cept a pension from the United States a unique evi
<-lc::ce that money «n exceptional cases, cannot buy
everything. The old woman has told Uncle Sam that
it i$ a mistake to think that all people have their pric.\
• &; :¦.;> /¦
Dr. William Everett of Massachusetts has called
Vpon the Gold Democrats to nominate a ticket, and
but for the unconquerable modesty of the Massachu
setts nature he would probably have nominated him
se't and called upon the crowd to vote for him.
It :s said thnt one of the exhibits which is attracting
most attention from Americans in Paris is the show
ing made of the progress of the negroes in Georgia.
The former slaves of the State now own over i.ooo.ood
acres of land and are getting rich.
ARIZONA AND THE RANGES.
SOME weeks apo. in discussing the importance oi
adopting a system of leasing the grazing lands
of the and or semi-arid Territories for the pur-
I-^e of preventing that overstocking which has fol
lowed the free use of the ranges, The Call said: "The
Governor 01 Arizona has been quoted against the
policy of leasing the arid ranges to stockmen, with
a view to protect and renew the forage, increase the
moisture-holding capacity of the soil, and create a
fund for irrigation, fie i< said to favor the cession of
these ranges to the States."
We now learn from the Governor himself,
the Hon. X. O. Murphy, that he was mis
<;:;<jtcd. He says: "I have favored the leas
ivg of grazing lands for years. The only
point on which I have differed from others who
ii.vcr leasing is that I desire it done under State or
Territorial control, instead of rndcr the Federal Gov
ernment, for I believe that a better understanding is
had locally of conditions, and that whatever income
is derived from the leasing of these lands should go
to the State."
The Governor has a just rigiit to complain of the
nir-repre^crtation which misled The Call as to his
views, for he lias in official reports advocated leasing
in Arizona. In his report to the Secretary of the In
terior, for the year 1899. the Governor said: "One of
the most vexatious problems connected with the cattle
2.--A sheep business is that of satisfactorily dividing
the ranges between the cattle and the sheep men.
There is a constant conflict of interest between the
owners of cattle and the owners of sheep on account
of there being no authoritative method of limiting
the respective ranges on the public domain. No im
provement can be expected in this rc;pect until some
systematic mode of controlling the open ranges his
been devised and adopted. The question under pres
ent conditions frequent)}- proves a serious menace to
law and order. There arc some 30.000,000 acres of
prating lands in the Territory, and the problem would
be solved very quickly and permanent harmony es
tablished between these two branches of the grazing
industry if a system of leasing the ranges were
Whether the leafing of grazing lands can be better
carried out by a cession of the lands to the Territories
than by the National Government is an i>;sne we may
have occasion to discuss at another time. It suffices
for the present to set rit^lit the attitude of Governor
Murphy upon the main question of leading. We arc
glad to have liis influence on the right 5-ide of thi? im
portant problem, and regret that erroneous reports of
!:i<- policy led The Gil! into the statement that he "has
boon gabted" on the other side. k
Susan B. Anthony
Woman and Newspapers.
IN The Call of last Saturday was
published the second of a series of
three articles from the pen of the
Rev. Peter C. Yorke in restatement
of his- argument made before the
graduating class at St. Mary's College
to the effect that a conspiracy was
afoot to make a monopoly of educa
tion in the State. The second article
dealt with the attitude of the State
University. In reply to it President
Wheeler sent yesterday to this paper
a note, a fac-simile of which is repro
duced herewith. In it he states his
heartiest agreement with the main po
sition of the writer of the article.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
r~\EPORTS from Washington announce that
|— S Brigadier General Greely, chief signal officer,
has directed the establishment of wireless teleg
raphy in this harbor and in P.orto Rico and the Phil
ippines. The system is to be applied here to connect
the various points at which guns are located, so that
prompt and sure communication between them may
be had at all times. It is further announced that the
system may shortly be used in New York harbor,
since it has been found that the cables in the bay are
liable to be cut by shipping, and, moreover, experi
ments show that wireless telegraphy gives better re
sults than cables, v V : ;
The establishment of a Government system of wire
less telegraphy in San Francisco will be something
new for the Government, but not for the city. The
Call has already made use of wireless telegraphy and
proven its efficiency. It will be remembered that
when the transport bearing home from the Philippines
the California Volunteers arrived here the first in
formation of her appearance off the heads was given
by The Call, it having been transmitted to The Call
biiilding by wireless telegraphy from a vessel sta
tioned at sea and on the lookout for the transport.
The experiments made by The Call at that
time justified the sanguine expectations that
within a comparatively short time the system
would be extensively used. So remarkable, how
ever, did the feat seem at the time that many
persons doubted whether the system would ever
be extensively used. It was not until the splen
did reports obtained by The Call of the international
yacht race off New York harbor showed that thou
sands of words could be sent across wide stretches of
water by wireless telegraphy that the public- realized
that a new system of transmitting dispatches had been
devised, and that it -vould ere long be in general use.
Since the yacht r'ace the Government has taken up
the system and made elaborate experiments with it,
and the results are disclosed in the announcement that
wireless telegraphy is to be made use of here and
elsewhere. Marconi will never again be referred to
by the Examiner as "Macaroni." nor will that jour
nal renew its assertions that wireless telegraphy is a
fnke and a fraudT Even that paper has learned some
thing since the first record-making feat of The Call
with wireless telegraphy startled the world with a
demonstration of what the system can accomplish.
When the Government system is put into operation
it will hardly occasion more than a casual comment.
Wireless telegraphy is no longer a mystery nor a
marvel, as it was when The Call first demonstrated
its usefulness to journalism by using it to announce
the arrival of the California Volunteers, but has now
become one of- the recognized methods of telegraph
ing. So rapidly does the advance of science and in
vention go forward in our time.
TUESDAY -¦"--•- V--.... JUNE 5, 1900
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS. Proprietor.
Address A! Communica icn: to '.V. S. LEAKE. Mara^«r.
I'fULICATIOX OFFICE.. MnrUM nnd Third. 9. F.
Telephone Jlnili ISO*.
CDITOaiAL nOO%IS .217 to 221 «levrn»on St.
Trlrphonr Main JH74.
Dr!tvrr«*d *T Currier*, 15 <>nt« Ver WeeU.
MnKl*> <oplr«. 5 Cents.
T>rni« by Mull. Inclmllnu: Po«t»jre»
DAfLT CALL (ir.'-Iudir.R Sundry), cm ymr J« M
CAILT CALL <!r-c!urttr.* Surrtav). € sno^th- J-J»
I-A-LT CALL ilrriufiins Sunday), i montfcs »•_•<>
I AILY CALL-Ry Sift«'e Month •••• »c
f\ M X AY CALL Or.* \>ix {~
WEEKLY CXLL On* Year * °°
Ml fio*tiua«ter» nrr authorised to receive
• u Inscription*.
Farc^le ccpic* mill »<• forwarded when reverted.
O.VKLAMJ OFFICE * 11S Broadway
C GEORGE r.ROGNcSS,
Manager Fo-eigr. Adverti'.mg. Vsrquette euitting. Chicago.
(LOOS DlStaaca Telerhone "Central 2513.")
NCTV TOHK OOBRKSPOXDEXT:
C C. CARLTON : Heraid -Square
KEW YO71K KEPnnSENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SWITH 33 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcernsan House; P. O. Ncwa Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcute; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORE NEWS BTA^Og:
Wa'.aorf-Aetorl* Hotel; A. Brentano. tl Unloa B"juar»:
Kurray HIU Hotel.
WASHINGTON [0. C.t OFFICE Wellington Hote
I/ORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
Bn «xril OFFICES- :rr Montrcrr.ery. corner of Clay, opfn
set!! 8:20 o'clock. 2C0 lla*-**. optn cntll 9. SO o'clock. 635
McAllister, open ur.til *:J0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. r-pen until
*:J0 o'clock. 1541 Ml5«lon, open ur.til 10 o'clock. 2251 Market,
corner Sixteenth. ..j*ti uatll S o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
until 8 fi'eloe'K. 1"X, niever.th, cp»n until * o'clock. NW cor
ner Tweaty-a^cond and Kentucky. cr>en until 8 o'clock.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler in Accord
With Father Yorke's Main Position
TRUSTS AND PARTIES.
/^OLONEL BRYAN has striven with all the
I power of speech which he possesses and
operates untrammeled by ideas, to establish the
statement that trusts flourish only under Republican
udministrations and are invented and fostered by Re
publicans and for Republicans. He has tried to es
tablish the wickedness of trusts and to make it ap
pear that no Democrat will have anything to do with
those 'criminal, combinations, except to go out and
acstroy them, as David did Goliath of Gath.
In this work Colonel Bryan has been ably seconded
by Mr. W. $L Hearst, who divides his time between
encouraging virtue and taking care of the material
happiness of mankind.
One day Mr. Hearst awoke from a deep dream of
the prevalence oi the white ribbon in the universal
buttonhole of the world, to hear that with the approach
01 hot weather an ice trust had been formed to make
it warm for the poor. Immediately this purist and
philanthropist hurried to his broker and bought into
tlic ice trust, in ofder that as a stockholder he might
get at the books and show that President McKinley,
Senator Hanna aryl other leading Republicans were
cornering the refrigeration of the coming summer.
When Mr. Hears? got his block of stock he besought
a court to judicially turn over the ice trust chip and
expose to the world's scorn the Republican bugs
thereunder. A court proceeded to turn over the chip,
and lo! there was Croker, 'Van Wyck and a wrig
gling mass of Tammany Democrats, every one with
an anti-trust plank for the Kansas City platform in his
hand and trust dividends in his pocket!
It was a sad disappointment, whichever way you
looked at it. Tammany is mad clear through and
threatens to retaliate by showing that the Hearst es
tate, from which comes the revenue to support the
anti-tru«t crusade of the Journal and Examiner, is
largely invested in :he copper trust, and sold part of
its copper holdings to Rothschild for the purpose of
organizing that metallic combination. Be this as it
may, there is anger in the camp and Colonel Bryan's
trusted anti-trust lieutenants are in doubt whether to
hold on to their dividends or to the prospects of po
litical promotion.
We may soon look for a sensational exposure in
volving Republicans in a beef tea trust, or a com
bination to corner icecream, or something of that sort,
tc offset this exposure of Tammany as the iceman.
The Republicans in Congress have proposed an
amendment. to the Federal constitution giving Con
gress jurisdiction over trusts and trade combinations
without abating or limiting any existing State juris
diction. As it is a question of interstate commerce its
prevention or regulation is of necessity a Federal
concern, and this amendment should pass in orderi
that a curb may soon be put upon an injurious sys
tem. The Democrats have taken a foolish position
as to this amendment. They have held a caucus on it
and decided to disfavor it, because they fear the Re
publicans are not sincere in proposing it! There is an
icy chunk of statesmanship for you! The only
proper criticism of the amendment is, will it serve
efficiently the purpose for which it is proposed? That
it will is obvious from its terms, and no one denies
that it puts the control or the prevention of these
combinations in the proper place. Then what has the
sincerity of its author to do with the matter, any
more than the color of his hair or the size of his shoe?
The Bryan men must think tlie country is easier to
fool than it ever was before. They must think that a
full belly can be misled ea?ier than an empty one was
in 1896. They must think that well employed and well
paid labor and business men winning a profit are
anxious to change back to the conditions of panic,
pinch and privation which were upon them five years
ago. But these politicians will be coldly undeceived.
The atmosphere of next November will need no re
frigeration for them by Mr. Croker. the Democratic
iceman. What ill? there are Republicans are com
petent to correct. The reform of them does not re
quire that our currency be debased, the public credit
destroyed, private prosperity ruined and labor starved.
Colonel Bryan'? programme is one of universal de
struction of all that is. in order that he may destroy
the gold standard, raise interest, debase all our cur
rency to the silver par, and extend the constitution
to the Philippines! The price asked is too high. The
country can get less harm at a. lower figure.
among Republicans themselves as to the policy that
should be pursued in dealing with them. The fact that
such differences were harmonized, and that bills pro
viding governments for both Hawaii and Porto
Rico were enacted with no factional disturb
ances i in the party, is itself a striking proof
of the capacity of the Republican party to
administer public affairs. When the record of the
party in that respect is contrasted with the wrangling
and muddling of the Democratic majority during
Cleveland's first term, it will be seen that another
proof has been furnished that Democracy is the party
of demagogy, and Republicanism is the party of legis
lation. The people can be safely intrusted to draw
from the contrast a .vise conclusion as to which party
shall be chosen at the coming election toK:arry on the
Government hereafter. "v< " "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJXE 5, 1900.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday a?
follows:
Oscar I^ewis, merchant. San Francisco,
liabilties $500; no assets. His indebtedness
consists of a note for $500 In favor of
Fleckensteln & Meyer of Portland. Ore
gon.
Philip C. Green, laborer. San Francisco,
liabilities $650; no assets.
The boy orator will be "to" his party this ye*.r
leader, platform, spellbinder, procession and brass
band; all in one. - ¦''.¦'
6
President of the State University
Heartily JJgrees With the Stand
Taken by the* Pastor' of St.
Peter's Parish-
Now ready. July styles" Standard pat-
terns. Domestic office. 1021 Market st. • ,
Cal. glace fruit 50c per^b atTownsend'a.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcatar— "Eajho."
Orx-hftJin— Vaudeville.
< " '/jir.bia— "When We W«-rt Twer.ty-cne."
< "aHforaia— "A Hag Cab}-."
Tivoll— "The Thre* 'Juardsruen."
Clrmt&m. corner ::.-. and llddy utreeta — Specialties.
c"hute«. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\»:.,r.;.
Klsrhor'5— "AiSa" ar»<J '•Mieixia."
Kut.ro : ¦• ' - — Open r.icht?.
All persons afflicted with dyspepsia will find
Immediate relief and sure cure by ualac Or.
Siegert'a Aneostura Bitters.
Teacher — Willie, can you tell us what
this spells: "R-e-f-r-1-g-e-r-a-t-o-r?"
Willie Starvem (the landlady's son)—
Um-m. Why-er-er
Teacher— Come. What does your mother
put the cold meat and vegetables and
things in?
AVlllle Starvem (brightening)— Hash.
Special information supplied daily f»
business houses and public men by tbs
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*Struck by Falling Coal
B. King, a- stevedore residing at 1S3
South Park, was severely injured by fall
ing coal in the hold of the ship Welling
ton at the Uealc-street wharf yesterday
afternoon. A bucket upset and its con.
tents were precipitated on the man be
low, breaking several of his ribs. and in
ternally injuring him. He was treated at
the Harbor Hospital 'and may die.
The deputies of tho State Game and
Fish Commission have been doing good
work in the last few day?. , Deputy John
Davis and the launch, crew made a run
to the mouth of- Napa Creek last Satur
day evening and arrested G. Strlngo and
J. Constantlne. Greek fishermen, for
catching salmon in violation of tho law.
The prisoners wore taken to Vallejo for
trial. Continuing she run. the deputies
went to the Suisun cut-off, where they
found five set nets, •which were abandoned
by the owner3 upon seeing the approach
of the launch. The nets were confiscated.
A short time ago the Commissioners
were informed that deer meat was being
fed to the workmen by the electric light
and power company which is erecting a
plant on the McCloud River above Balrds.
Tho season for lawfully kiliing deer is
Btill many weeks off and Deputy L. N.
Kercheval was gent to that locality to In
vestigate. Yesterday he telephoned from
Redding that he had arrested H. W. Wel
tion, F W. Fortia and Wash Hldftnjro.
The parties had the deer in their posses
sion at the time of the arrest. Their cases
will be heard on the 20th. From all ac
counts they had been supplying the elec
tric company's larder with fresh meat tor
some time past, carrying: on their tll«sal
business with great secrecy. gg«j
ARREST OF CULPRITS
FOR KILLING GAME
Organization Was Effected.
The temporary organization of the
Steam and Hot Water Fitters and Help
ers was effected last night, they having
rpceived a charter from the national as-"
soMation. The following were elected of
ficers: Ira Dexter, president: A. Court
nev. vice president; J. C. Farrell. record
ing and corresponding secretary, and
Mizer, treasurer.
Left His New York Home and His
Wife Wants Him Taken Into
Custody.
A short time ago Captain of Detectives
Seymour received a communication from
Benno Loewy, an attorney In New York
City, requesting him to locate Lou.'s PJgen
baum, who was said to be a lunatic at
large. The communication was referred
to Detective Byrain, who after consider
able trouble found Figcnbaum at Mare
Islands Before interviewing the supposed
lunatic Byrain learned that he had Joined
the navy on April 35 and was considerd an
exemplary employe of Uncle Sam. After
a short conversation with Figcnbaum the
detective became convinced that he was
mentally sound, and so reported to Cap
tain Seymour. .
Upon beins Informed that Fiprenbaum
had joined the navy his wife wrote Cap
tain ¦ Seymour, saying : that" her husband
had been adjudged insane by. a Jury of his
peers and was sent to a homeopathic hos
pital at Miduletown. >J. Y. 'He escaped a
few nlslits later and joined the navy As
his wife had been appointed "a committee
of one to take charge of his person and
estate" by the court she consulted Attor
ney Loewy. who lost no tlmo In commu
nlcatinp with the police of this city.
As It is believed that Figenbaum is men
tally sound, it is the intention of. Captain
Seymour ' to make a thorough Investiga
tion before apprising his wife or her law
yer of his whereabouts. Figenbaum claims
that. he Is the victim of a deep conspiracy
to separate him from his property.. which
is valued at several thousand dollars.
POLICE BELIEVE THAT
FIGENBAUM IS SANE
Wanted for Forgery.
T. P. Breckon, 530 California street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday for the arrest of F. Stuart
Camp, a solicitor, on the charge of for
gery. Camp went to Breckon April 2.1
with a draft at thirty days, payable to
himself, and nsked if Breckon would cash
it if he got Wybro, Hendy & Co. to ac
cept It Breckon agreed to do so and
Camp returned . with the draft with the
sijrnature of the firm on -it. It is now
charged that the signature of the firm
was forged by Camp.
Streetcar 32en in Court.
The cases of William Leland, motor
man, and S. S. Stearns, conductor of the
electric car that collided v.-lth a cable car
at Ellis and Larkin streets early Sunday
morning, when Policeman John Phelan
lost his left foot, were called in Judge-
M nran's court yesterday. At the request
of the prosecution the cases were contin
ued till June IS,- to await the result of
Phelan's injuries.
Cronin's Ally Sentenced.
George Difljendorf. alias George Logan,
was sentenceti by Judge Mogan yesterday
to six months in the County Jail for bat
tery upon Sergeant Mahoney; six months
for" having burglars' tools in his pos«-s-
Flon, and sixty days for disturbing the
peace. He was the companion of William
Cronin. the ex-convict, who got ten years
in the Federal court Friday for breaking
into the Pestoffice at Benicia.
of William R. Cos at New
York.
Miss Mae Rogers Becomes the Brids
NEW YORK, June 4.— The marriage, of
Rogers, president of the Standard Oil
Rogers .president of the Standard Oil
Company, with William R. Coe of this
city, was solemnized late this afternoon
at the bride's home. 26 East Fifty-seventh
street. As the Rogers family is ln mourn
ing the ceremony was privately performed.
nn<l the reception limited to relatives and
a few close friends.
The brido is 25 years old. When hardly
more than 37 ycar3 old she eloped with
Joseph Cooper ?.Tott, who was then 19
years of age. In July, 1S93, the couple
were married at Sheepsheaci Hay. Two
years later Mrs». Mott secured a divorce
from her husband, with the privilege of
resuming her maiden name. The bride
groom of to-day Is an by
blrth. The bride Is In the possession of a
very large fortune in her own right
New Parlor Instituted.
A new parlor of the Native Daughters,
namel FA Vespero (the Evening Star), was
instituted in Myrtle Hall; South San Fran
cisco, last night by Mrs. Theodore Lun
stedt, district deputy grand presidon_t,
assisted by Past Grand President Mrs.
Conrad, Mrs. M. Meyer. Lizzie McKay.
Mary E. Tillman. P. G. P.; Lena B. Mills.
Mrs. M. P.. Kstee and Grand Treasurer
Eliza D. Keltb.. The ne'w parlor starts
with about forty members.' The officers
chosen for the current term are: Mrs.
Ha vge, 'president; Annie Llstine, Miss
Light and Mrs. Nonnoman, vice presi
dents; Mrs. Kneeir, marshal: Miss Pe
guellian. recording secretary: Mrs. Des
rosier. financial secretary: Nora Regan,
treasurer: Annie Harrington. Carrie Mc-
Carthy and Nora O'Day. trustees; Susie
Ford inside and Mary O'Connor outside
sentinel.
WEDDING THAT RECALLS
AN ELOPEMENT ROMANCE
ci r^ YSTERY envelops the sudden •
//y/\ death of Emil D. Rosenbaum.
II JA \ capitalist, racetrack plunger and \
general all-round good fellow,
which occurred at his home, 2408 Van
Ness avenue, yesterday afternoon. At
first it was reported to have been the
result of an apoplectic stroke, but later a
letter hinting at suicide was dis
covered and a small box contain
ing poison was found on the dead
man's person and the conclusion was im
mediately arrived at that the man de
stroyed his own life. The reason given
for the suicide was that the unfortunate
capitalist could not settle his bills. The
farewell note to his wife, ln which he
informed her that he was about to end
his earthly troubles and enter another
world, was written on the back of a let
ter notifying him that two promissory
notes for $2000 and $500 respectively were
due at the Germania Trust Company.
The estate of the dead man is said to
approximate nearly half a million dollars
in value and his friends scoff at the idea
that monetary troubles overwhelmed him.
His near relatives say he was insane.
Rosenbaum was a member of the firm
of Rosenbaum Bros., capitalists and real
estate dealers. He owned considerable
property. A short time ago he made sev
eral notes and two days ago demand for
their payment was pressed upon him. In
his own words he owed $4000. Whether he.
could not settle with his creditors or
whether his mind was unbalanced re
mains yet to be determined.
Yesterday, according to his wife, he
complained of being ill. He was advised
to consult a physician, but refused on
the ground that he could not spend all
of his money in doctor bills. He iinally
lav down on a lounge in the parlor and
1ms family, thinking that his illness was
a trilling indisposition, left him alone.
\t half-]>ast 4 in the afternoon he was
found lying on the sofa, cold in death.
Mrs Roei'iibaum hurriedly called in Dr.
Krotozyner, but the physician being oc
cupied sent one of his nurses, Antone
Koiligs. Until that tlmo every person
concerned in the case believed doath was
due to natural causes. It remained for
the nurse to discover the real cause of
death and report it to the Coroner. When
Koiligs arrived at the house he at once
pronounced the man dead and an under
taker "was called. Mrs. Rosenbaum in
sisted upon an autopsy, and although she
attributed her husband's death to apo
plexy, still the fact that he had never
been 111 before in his life caused her. she
says, to be suspicious. Physicians were
called and the undertaker began to pre
pare the body for the autopsy surgeon's
knife. In the meantime tho case had
been reported to the Morgue by Dr.
Krotozyncr, who said Rosenbaum had
fallen dead at his home during the after
noon.
Kclliss, the nurse, had remained at the
house to assist in disrobing the body.
While thus engaged ho saw a letter lying
on a. table beside the lounge. On the
back of the envelope a few words writ
ten in load pencil arrested his attention.
They were:
SADIE: I owe J40G0 I pay. I or.-e
Zlck Abrahams $400. ]•;,}• game. Grxvi-bye,
you have been a tood wife. KM1L..
When the nurse read this he opened the
letter and found it to be a communica-
tion from the Germania Trust Company,
reading as follows: !
JUNE 2. 1900.
Jlr. K. D. Rosenbaum, 234 Kront r^treot—
Dear Sir: Tanr notes, dated February S. 1'tCO.
for »200<i. and March 24. for $500, with interest
from June 1, are now due and payable.
I'leac* call and take up the same, and oblige,
lours truly. GEHMAXIA TRUST CO
Kolllgs did not Inform the family of h!s
nnd, but Instead showed the letter to his
employer. The latter advised him to re
port tho matter at once to the Coroner,
which he did. Deputies Smith and Mee
han at once started out r.n the case and
took charge of the body. A small box
oi cyanide of potassium was found in a
pocket of the dead man's clothes.
The E»ory of Rosenbaum's life is a
strange lale of a checkered career. A few
years ago he married Sadie McGuire, well
Known among those who roamed the city
at nielu. She seemed to have an unnat
ural inlluence over the man and at one.
time created a sen?atlon by producing
an ugly scar on her husband's head with
a bottle because she caught him dining
with another woman In a restaurant.
Roseiibauxn's relatives said last night
that he should possess money sufficient
to liquidate any obligation many times
tho amount for which he Is said to have
killed himself. They declare he mu?t
have been temporarily insane. In what
shape his property is, is yet to be deter
mined. Rumors were abroad last night
that at one time his wife forced him to
deed a large portion of his property to
her, but these rumors lack confirmation.
Upon tho death of the elder Rosenbaum
an estate amounting to millions was di
vided among several children— Sam,
Charles, Albert and Emil Rosenbaum and
their sisters, Mrs. I. and Mrs. S. Struss
burger. What Kmil did with his money,
if he whs as ho stated in his note unable
to pay his bills, is yet to be ascertained.
He was called by the endearing name of
"Duxey" by his friends and was well
known "along the line."
During the past racing season "Duxey"
Uosenbaurr. wan known as the financial
backer of "Dagrgie" Smith, owner of Hor
ton, Torsida and other horses. Smith's
stable proved an Inconsistent one to fol
low and although credited with a "kill
ing" or two, "Duxey" never became
known to fame as a successful plunger.
In fact so unfortunate was he In separat
ing the fast from the slow horses that
his bank roll assumed a famished look
and he was compelled to turn to the
money lenders. Amonp those to whom he
was Indebted was Zick Abrahams, the !
poolroom proprietor. Previous . to the '
closing of the racing season Abrahams j
honored a draft calling for S300. presented
by "D.iggie" Smith, and later cashed an- i
other for S100. the coin also being paid to i
Smith. On Saturday last Rosenbaum i
called on Abrahams, expressing sorrow at i
not having made good the loan and an- '
parently In the best of spirits said: "I'll i
settle up with you at 1 o'clock on Mon-!
day, Zlck." His sudden death caused the J
greatest surprise in turf circles, where ho
was generally known and respected.
The Late Emil Rosenbaum
Note — The remaining five lessons cor^lat of a
'"talk" tetwp«;n a visitor and a j;uit!e. The con
versation gives an outline of "riEfctsoetpg" in
Paris. The student should carctuily mark each
phrase, its hllomatic constriction, ami he
vhoultl then compare it with the KngMsh. He
will find It an.inlercstlns; study to compare the
construction cf the two lansuflgp-''- The pro
nunciation Is purposely omitted. The *-tuOen:»
art? expected to makr; use of the pronunciation
rules learned in Hornier lessons.
LESSON NO. 16.
EEIZIEHE LECON. SEE-ZEE-EM
LES-SO1TG.
Talk Between a Visitor and a Guide.
Conversation cntre une visiteuse t et un
guide. -.;:
Visiteuse— Etes-vous pret S. partlr?
Are you ready for our journey?
Guide — Nous partiror.s tout de suite si-cela
vous est agfeable.
We may start at once, if agreeable to
you.
Visiteuse— Avant de partlr Je veux voua
poser quelques questions.
Before we start I wish to make a few
inquiries.
Guide— Madame, J'y repondrai de mon
mleux.
Ask, madam; I shall be delighted to
give you any infoimatlon. ¦
Visiteuse— Dites-moi. s'll vous plait. oQ est
la Poste?
Tell me, please, where is the Post
office?
Gulffe— La Nouvelle Poste est au coin jifi
la rue St. Honore et de la rue du
Louvre.
The new Postofflce Is corner St. Honore
and Louvre streets.
Vlsiteuse— Y a-t-il des Sous-Bureaux de
Poste?
And there are sub-Postoffires?
Guide— Oul, les lampes bleues que vous
voyez la indiquent un bureau de
poete et de teiegiaphe.
Yes, the blue lamps you see there sig
nify that there is a post and tele
graph station.
Vlsiteuse — Y a-t-ll aussi des cabinets tele
phoniques publics?
Are there also public telephone boxes?
Guide — Oui. et vous y trouvcrcz tout ce
dont vous aurez btsoln, du papier a
dfpeches, le Botin, etc.
Yes, you find there everything—tele
graph blanks, directories, etc.
Vlsiteuse— Combien coute raffranchlsse
ment des lettres?
What is the postage rate for letters?
Guide— Pour l'etranger, vlngt-cinq (23)
• centimes.
Pour la France, qulnze (15) centimes.
Foreign letters, 25 centimes (about 5
cents).
Local letters, 15 centimes (about 3
cents.
Visiteuse— Quel est le prlx d'une dfcpeche
"reponae payee"?
What Is the price for a telegram, "an
swer prepaid?"
Guide — Cela depend du nombre de mots.
According to the number of words.
Visiteuse — Que coflterait une depeche de
dix mots, "response payee"?
How much would a telegram of ten
words, cost, if prepaid?
Guide — Un frs.nc\ madame.
It costs one franc, madam.
Visiteuse— Maintenant dltes-moi l'adresso
du Consul americaln.
Now tell me the address of the Ameri
can Consul.
Guide— Son adresse est: No. 36 avenue de
l'Opera, madame.
His address is: No. 3S Opera avenue.
Visiteuse — Faut-il envoyer mon passeport
pour lo falre enreglstrer?
Ib it necessary for me to send my
passport for registration?
Guide — Ncn, e'est inutile, vous pouvez It
porter sur vous ou bien le deposer >\
votre hotel.
Not necessary; you may keep it with
you. cr deposit at your hotel.
Vlsltouse — Mainter.ant, voyons un peu,
que ferons-nous aujourd'hui?
Now let me have a look what we shall
see to-day.'
Guide — J'al fait un plan pcur visiter Paris
en six jours.
Jly plan for visiting Paris is arranged
for six days.
LESSON NO. 17.
DIX-SEPTIEME LECON—DEE-SET
TEE-EM LES-SONG.
Le Grand Opera, qui est le plus beau
du monde.
The Grand Opera-house, which !s the
most magnificent In the world.
L'eglise de La Madeleine (style grec).
The Church of La Madeleine (Greek
style).
La Colonne Vend6me.
The Vendome Column.
La Rue de Rivoli (une des plus longTJes
et des plus belles de Paris) et le
Palais Koyul.
The Rivoli street (one of the longest
end finest in Paris) and the Royal
Palace.
Le palais et les galerie3 du Louvre.
The palace and the galleries of the
Louvre.
La place du Carrousel, la place de la
Concorde (de laquc'.'e on voit la
Madeleine, l'Arc tie Triomphe de
l'Etoile et la Chambre des Deputes*.
The place of tournament, the place de
la Concorde (from which one sees
the Madeleine Church, the arch of
Triumph of the Star and the Cham
ber of Deputies).
Le Jardin des Tuileries (on y voit de
tres belles •statues).
Tho garden of the Tuileries (where the
most beautiful statues are to be
seen). s
Guide — II est bien possible que ce soit trop
pour une Journ£e.
Of course, this may be a little too
much for one day.
Visiteuse— Est-il possible de falre avan
tajjeusement tant de courses une
journfe?
Is it possible to do justice to so many
places at one time?»
Guide— Madame, il est impossible de voir
Paris meme en une annee, il faut voir
tout ce oue Ton peut, prendre ties
notes, et le voir dp nouveau la pro
chalne fols que Ton se trouve a
Paris.
Well, madam, you cannot do justice to
Paris even if you stayed here one
year; but take in as much as you
can. make notes and see it again
when vou visit Paris the second time.
Visiteuse— Preciaement. Dltes-moi ce que
vous ailez me mon\rer la deuxieme
Journee.
All right, then: let me see* what you
will show me the second day.
L'tplise St. Germain TAuxprrois.
The Church of St. Germain, the Na
tive of Auxerro.
Une nouvelle vislte au Louvre (on ne
peut pas le voir en une journee).
A second visit to the I^ouvre (which
cannot be seen in one day).
Le Palais 1'Elysee (residence des Presi
dents de la Retmbllque).
The palace of the Elysian Fields (the
residence of the Presidents of the re
public). >
L avenue des Champa Elysees (cette
avenue est le rendez-vous de l'ele
ganee parisienne.
The avenue .of the Elysian Fields (this
street is one of the most fashionable
resorts in Paris).
Le Panorama (spectacles et tableaux
vlvants).
The Panorama (shows and living pic
tures).
L'Arc rle Triomphe (a l'extremite des
Champs Elys£es).
The arch of triumph (at the extremity
of the Elysian Fields).
Le Bois de Boulogne (des avenues im
mensop et un beau lac).
. The Boulogne Park (avenues, with a
fine lake).
L'eslise de Notre Dame (la cathedrale
de Paris).
The Church of Our Lady (Holy Vir
• gln). the-Cathedral of Paris.
Le Palais de Justice.
The Courthouse.
Vislteuse — L'entree est-elle partout gra
tulte?
Is the admission In all the places free?
Guide— Pas Pendant l'ExpoMtlon.
Not during the Exposition.
Vlsiteuse— S'il y a d'autres frals a payer.
faJtes-le mol savoir et je les paierai.
Let me know of any special expenses
vou have and I shall pay.
Guide— Mere! Men. martame. Malntenant.
; paspons au troisleme jour.
I thank you very much. Let us now
proceed to the n»xt <lay.
LESSON NO. 18.
DIX-HUITIEME LECX)N — DEEZE
WEET-TEE-EM LES-SONG.
Les halles centralea.
The central markets. •
Copyright, 1000, by Ssymour Eaton.
L'ejrlise St. Eastache (l'une de plus 1m
purtantes do U capitale).
St. Eustace Church cone of the moat
important oi the city).
Le xnusC-e lies Archives.
'i'he Alus»'um of Archives. •
Le Conservatoire des Arts et Metiers.
'Ihe Conservatory uf Arts and Trades.
Le pare Monccaui (Ie pl"s beau paxo
de Paris).
Tho Munceuu Park (the finest park ln
Paris).
Le palais, les jjalrries et le jardin du
La.x^mtcurg (.cynstrult pour Marie
do Medlcis).
Th6 palace, the Ralleries and the gar
dens of the Luxembourg (built for
Marie de .Medicis). *;-•
La Sorbonne. (SU-ge d»>s faculty de3
Sciences et des Lettres.)
Sorhor.no rr.hersity. (Seat of the fac
ulties of Sciences and Literature.)
L» AIu«e.» de Cluny (recueil dobjeta
<i"art anciens).
The Cluny Museum (collection of an
cient works of art).
Guide— II y aura peut-etre des endrolta
qul ne vous intfiresseront pas du tout,
a'autres que trfs peu. et dans quel
ques-uns vous passerez en jetant
seulemeqt un coup d'oeil.
You may not be Interested in all. lit
tle m some, and you may pass by
with a glance at other places.
VisiteusL — Vous avez parfaitement raison.
Continuous.
You are quite right. Let us therefore
continue.
La Chambre des Deputes (le palais
Eourbon>.
The ( hamber of Legislative Justice
tin the palace of the Bourbons).
L hfltel des lnvalMes (tombeau de Na
poleon I. dans la crypte).
Old Soldiers' Home (tomb of Napoleon
I, in the crypt).
L'Eeotc militaire.
The Military Academy
Le Champ de Mars.
The Mars Field.
Le Musee d'ArtUlerle.
The Museum of Artilelry.
Le Trr.carjero.
The Trocvl£ro.
Guide — Nous voilA dans un beay faubourg:
Here we are at a fine suburb.
Vlsiteuse — Faut-il prer.dre le chemin de
fcr?
Must we take the steam car?
Guide— Non. madam?; lcl rous pouvons
prendre If vapeur et nous ferons uno
belle promenade en bateau.
No, rr.adame; here we can take the
steamer and have a grand trip on
the water.
Vlsiteuse — C'eat asspz pcur aujourd'hui.
C>u'avez-vous prepar6 pour demain?
That is enough for to-day. What have
you arranged for to-morrow?
LESSON NO. 19.
DIX-NETJVXESTE LECON. DFEZE
" NUHV-EE-EM LES-SONG.
L'fg'ise St. Rnch.
Church of St. Koch.
Les fontaines Moliere et Richelieu. En
face de la fontaine est la maison No.
34, oi": Muliere est mort. on 1673.
The fountains Mo!iere and Richelieu.
Directly opposite the fountain is the
house No. 34, In which Moliere died
La Bibiiothfque Natior.ale, ses me
diiill^s et ses antirjultes.
The National Library, with Its an
tiquitios and medals.
Le Palais tie l'lnstitnt. qul embrasa*
cim Academics difTSrentes.
The palace of th« institute, which con
tains five different academies.
Le palais dts Beaux Art3. Peinture.
pcuipture, et oeuvres
musicaks.
The palace of fine arts. Paintings,
sculpture, architecture and musical
warks.
T^Mfn^
Le Pont-Neuf (oQ 11 y a une statue da
Henri IV).
The Pont-Neuf (where there is a statue
of Henry IV). ' „
Le Jardin des Plantes (qui date de 1 an
If **~ )
The Botanical Gardens (which date
from 1625).
Excursion A Versailles (pare Immense.
pare d'Armes, caserne ct chateau
Louts XIV).
Excursion to Versailles (grand park.
drill grounds, barracks and castie
Louis XIV).
Excursion f. Sivres (manufacture de
porcela'r.es). • , ,
Excursion to Sevres (porcelain manu-
Exct-lrsion a St. Cloud (banlieue de
Paris* ruins du palais imperial.
Excursion to St. Cloud (suburb of
Paris) ruins of the imperial palace.
Vlsiteuse — Y a-t-il «ics train* pour tous le«
faubourgs? i- -
Po trains go to all suburbs?
Guide— Lc? trains, les vapeurs. le* voitures
Slectrifiuos. les tramways, lea omni
bus et (Vautres voitures partent pour
les faubourgs principaux toutea les
rllx on qtiinzp minutes.
The trains, the steamboats, the electric
carriages, tramway?, omnibuses ana
other conveyances run every ten or
tifti-en minutes to the mo3t proml-
n»r.t suburb?. .
Vi«=iteuse— Quell? est la meJlleure-neure
pour visiter VersaH!^? _"
.¦ Which i? the best time to visit ver-
Guide— Generalement le matin: I'apriM
mldi lendrolt est encombrft de
monde. .
Usually the forenoon, because ln the
afternoon tho place is very crowded.
Vlsitcupe— Eh Men, qu'avcz-voua prepare
pour demain? ¦
Well, and what have you arranged for
to-morrow?
Demain. la demiere Journe*. nous
feror.s plusleurs excursions.
To-morrow, the last day', we shall a«
vote to excursions.
:lessoit no. 20.
VINGTIEKE LECON. VANO-TZB
EM LES-SONG.
Kxcurslon a St.-I>eni3 (faubourg: <!•
Paris: industries actives, foires. etc)
Excursion to St.' Denis (suburb of
Paris; active manufactories, fairs,.
etc )
Excursion & St. Genr.aJn et &• Enghlen.
Kxcursion to St. Germain aj^a to En-
Courses dar.s le* divers magasins.
Visits to the different stores.
Excursion a Montmorency vall|e d«U
cieuse. ermltage fie Joan Jacques
Rousseau. , '
Excursion to Montrnorency. pleasant
valley and' the hermitage of Jean
JacGues Rousseau.
Visit au Cimetlere Montmartre;
prcsque aussi beau que le Pfire La
thaire. ''
Visit to the Montmartre Cemetery. ««c
ond in beauty to Pere Lachalse.
Vl^lteuse— Je voua suls oblipee de ces ren
seignements. et sul3 tres content© flu
programme.
I am oblisred to you for all Information
and much pleased with the pro
gramme. -¦__
Note— An examination upon this course,
as a basis for the granting of certificates,
will be published on Tuesday next.
Transport Meade to Be Held
Another Week in
Quarantine.
Mail Steamer JEariposa Has Been Tu-
xnigated and Will Probably Bo Al
lowed to Dock at Pacific-Street
Wharf To-Day.
The transport Meade will not be re
leased from quarantine until the middle of
next week. Another case of smallpox
broke out in the steerage- a couple of day3
ago and that will necessitate the deten
tion of the ship at the quarantine grounds.
The cabin passengers were landed yester
terday afternoon. All of them were vac
cinated and their clothes thoroughly
fumigated before Dr. Kinyoun allowed
them to leave the transport.
General Otis and his staff came ashore
shortly before noon on the steamer Grace
Barton, but the rest of the passengers
did not get away until 4 p. m., when the
tug Fearless brought them to the city.
The Meade got away from the quaran
tine hulk Sunday night and. the mall
steamer Mariposa took her place early
yesterday morning. She was thoroughly
fumigated and moved into the ¦ stream
agafn last night. The chances are she
will be released to-day and dock at Paci
fic-street wharf. As soon as her steer
age passengers are landed she will go
to the sugar refinery to discharge and
coal.
Sailed for Nome.
The steamer San Juan got away prompt
ly at 1 p. m. yesterday fbr the gold fleld3.
She carries a full cargo of general mer
chandise for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, but only took a few passengers from
here. The San Juan is to call at Seattle,
where 400 gold hunters, booked by John
Kosenfeld's Sons, will board her.
The steamer Newsboy was also to have
sailed for Nome yesterday, but it will
be noon to-day before she gets away. The
Newsboy will take away about a hundred
passengers and expects to make Nome as
soon as any of the fleet.
National City Damaged.
There were only two arrivals yester
day—the steamer Corona from southern
ports and the National City from Fort
Bragg. When the latter was passing out
on June 3 she ran into a heavy cross
sea and an ugly 3outhwest swell. A
heavy wave carried away the deck lash
ings and 500 railroad ties were .swept
overboard. Some of the crew had a nar
row escape.
Water Front Notes.
There were only four departures yester
day—the Coos Bay. San Juan, Point
Arena and Tlllamook — all steamers. Not
a wind-jammer spread a sail, although
there is quite a number ready for sea.
The British ships Chiltonford, Bardowie,
Primrose Hill and Kensington are • de
tained for want of crews and some of the
coasters are tn a like predicament. There
is a chance for an exodus in a few days,
however, as the boarding masters have
now nearly enough men on hand to man
all the fleet.
The schooner Challenger arrived from
Port Ludlow after a psssage of five days.
This is one of the smartest runs of the
season and nearly equals steamboat
time. •
The quartermaster's steamer McDowell,
after a thorough overhauling at the Ful
ton Iron Works, will resume her trips to
the various army posts to-day. The Mc-
Dowell has had new boilers put in and
was fitted with a new Wittram propeller.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Ownership in City Street
Improvement Company
Is Discussed.
¦
Basis of Attorney's Bslief That Mer
chants' Association President Is
Financially Interested in
Corporation Set Forth.
Joseph E. O'Donncll has written an
open Icucr to V. W. Dolirmann concern
ing the disclaimer of the last named of
financial Interest in the City Street Im
provement Company. Mr. Dohrmann's
communication has been published. Mr.
O"Donne!l's letter Is as follows:
... ¦ ¦ ,. . :_ ¦¦ , - "< ,;.-.
SAN FHANCISCO, June 4. 1900.
F. \V. Dohrmann— Sir: Vuur communication
dated the I'd intt. reached me this morning,
it l.:iving been left at my office on Saturday
during rv.y absence from the city, otherwise I
should have afforded you an* earlier rtply.
At the discussion of the tax levy before the
Board of Supervisors en last Thursday evening
In opp. «ing th« proposed outlay by the Board
of Pub!ic Wcrks of moneys for street sprink
ling I stated that I had information which led
rt:e to the belief that you were personally In
terested in the City Street Improvement Com
pany. The information to which I referred
was Rleaned from' a conversation had by Hon.
John T. Pare and myself with John W. Me
3>cnald. manager of the City Street Improve
ment Company. laFt year at the City Hall, at
which ti:ne, as Mr. l>nr? and mys-lf observed,
Mr. McDonald was unable to speak or act for
the company without first consulting you. At;
that T!:ne Mr. Dare and myself were defend- '
ing the little property ln watering carts which
supported a few widows and orphans and
others whV as the husbands and lathers be
fore them, had been engaged in the business
of sprinkling the pavements ln front of Etore.8 i
ln Lbta city, at the private exr*nse of the
merchants, who have bt-en well satisfied to
personally pay for such sprinkling. The sig
natures of hundreds of those merchants ln
behalf of sprinkling at private expense and
sustaining the industry of those pour people
were appended to petitions before street com
mittee after street committee whenever you
have ir.ade your several attacks upon the busi
ness of those jM>.;r people during the past Mx
years. It has be*>n shown time and again be
fore the various street committees that in all
the lars f - cities of the Kast no paved streets i
are watered at public expense. That fact was j
proven by letters received from orlic-lals of
those cities ar.d read before the strfet com
mittee of which Adolph Spreckels was chair
man and others.
My belief that you are interested in the City
Street Improvement Company was further con
firmed when after many fruitless endeavors on
your part to Interfere with the business of my
clients you took steps to Induce the Hoard .of
Supervisors last year to pass an ordinance
making it a misdemeanor to sprinkle bitumin
ous pavements. Pending the consideration of
that ordinance my clients and many property
owners protested against the tatM and applied
to Mayor Phelan to withhold hi« approval
therefrom. His Hpnor. the Mayor, refused,
giving as a reasun that Air. Duhrmann and
John \V. McDonald advised him to sign said
ordinance.
Aft«=r advocating the ordinance last referred
to and crippling the business of my clients
you <»xhibltt'd your consistency several months
later by advocating Us repeal. It Is singularly
suspiclcus that this s .mersault of yours should
occur within the last few weeks, at a time
when the Board of Public "Works were about
to advertise fcr proposals for that very kfnd
of work; and It is still more remarkable. Mr.
rv»hrni.'>nn, that— according to the statement of
Leo I'ark, secretary of the Board of Public
Works, before the Finance Committee of the
Hoard of isors on Tuesday, the Cld day
of last month— you prepared .for the Board of
Public Works the specifications for uprinklins
under said proposals and interjected provisions
therein which operated against my cllentsvand
in favor of the City Improvement Com
pany. It 1? indeed to he wondered at, Mr.
l)>ihrma.nn. if > "U prepared those specifications.
as stated by Mr. Hark, and had only the pub
lic interest in view, that you includM in your
schedule miles of strc.-ts which the City Street
Improvement Company are already bound to
keep sprinkled continuous!;: und^r a contract,
the specifications of which were also nrepared
by you; which contract doee not expire until
January. 1SU1- If euch be the case you have
ai<ied in optnins? up an avenue by which the
City Street Improvement Company could, dur
ing the next six months, successfully! draw
payment twice from the city for the same
work.
I have herein detailed some of th» informa
tion which has formed my belief that you are
personally Interested in the City Street Im
provement Company. In this matiT. a» I
have siM before. I am endeavoring to main
tain the little property en whl^h my clients
depend for the subr-istence of th'-mselvrs an 1
families and do not propose to retrace one stop
befoic their assailant even though he be
wrapjWl In tlie mantle of the Merchants' Asso
ciation. Yours truly.
JOSEPH E. O'DONNELL.
O'DONNELL HAS
SENT ANSWER TO
F.W. DOHRMANN
Leaves Note to His Wife Saying He Was Unable
to Pay Debts Aggregating Four
Thousand Dollars.
Well-Known Capitalist Supposed
to Have Committed Suicide
While Insane.
EMIL ROSENBAUM
KILLED BY POISON
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJAj, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
His Son a Vagrant
Henry Hart,' 3S10 Washington street,
swore : to a - complaint • in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of his son,
Henry E. Hart, 23 years of age, for vag
rancy. He said his son returned -from
Manila some months aso and since then
he has done nothing but spend his time
In saloons and roam about the streets at
all hours of t^ie night.
Clerk Disappears.
Joseph W^od. 'a clerk In the pawnbroker
establishment ; of E. A. Levy on Stockton
street, was-. reported as missing at the
Morgue last evening. He told his friends
he was to take a young lady to the thea
ter Sunday nieht and has not been seen
since.. ' His relatives' think he may have
met. with 'violence- at the .-hands of some
one, *
7
e&X*** ¦ CJ *4^i<3 rrne.:y fcr tiouorrhwa.
t: !' (l t. f ciatorr^aA.
A^> / | r 1 15 b tajuyfl White*, n n n i t u r u 1 li*
&*lij OcA--»ntrwl y rhar^rs or any inflr— mg,
sXbo net to •trlstort. tlon, , irritation or u>;ct«-
6» "p^.r«-nui coLttKion. tion o' oiicoui r.:ero-
PX^THEEMNSCHEMlC.nOo. br»ne«- Non-««triii«enfc
X&'iK «t - a >**.« °* S(>nt i3 P lait > wrurw,
" y&>\ l ~y express. proptiJ, fu*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CBE DAM IAN A HITTERS. TH1J
creat Mexican rero-dj'; glv«-« li<»alth and
ftrt-iieth to sexual orguns. Depot. 3J3 Market.
ai pp nnilRI Corner fpurth and
CAFE RDI1L^^ P^
Will ¦• IIU • llfc- cc Overcoat. anJ
< Valises checked Tree.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/O/"*r*U Were euccessful at. Nome last
hl\UUn > tar. All ethers failed. In opera,
tlon daily. 9 Stevenson St.. S. P.
SAND CEJSTRIFUOAL PlhMPS.
|i^irCjf|%7 Gold dredging pumps, the only
t!Awl\<3Uu successful pump manufactured.
C25 Sixth Et., ban Francisco.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separatur and Amalgamator: paa mo-
tion; ln operation 26 Beale et
PORTABLE » OUSES.
BURN'HAM-STANDEFOnD CO.. Waahlngrton
- and 1st et».. Oakland, cr Builders' Ex.. S. V.
Weekly r Call,$i;00 per Year
Anita Cream is a medicinal preparation which not only re- j£*
£$ moves tan and freckles, but eradicates blotches, liver patch;?, pirn- ££
pies and all discolqrations of the skin. It is highly recommended g.
3 by phyVicians and dermatologists. It contains nothing injurious j^-
2 °r unpleasant. . £?
Aniia Cream will transform a muddy or weather-stained
complexion to its original transparency and clearness. jsk
Anita Cream actually "coaxes a new skin" to the surface g
by moving the outer cuticle in small dust-like particles without in- *£
jh convenience. w 5
2 Anita Cream can be had at all drug: stores or direct from £5
us for 50c. ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO., 207 Franklin g.
,Sr., Los Angeles, Cal. 2!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is U&&& &&&££&&
"DEARKms. PZNZtHJiM—
{ was very thin and my
frisnds thoisgki S was in
consusnistlazim
f'Had GonZFRisal isoad-
scho3j, iiacks-cfsB stsd fall"
ing of uterus, and my eyes
v/erc affectod*
"Every cxe noticed how
poorly I looked and i was
sdvissd to tske lydia E.
Pinkfsani's Vegetable
Compound.
"Ono hottlo relieved
mo, and after taking eight
hoWes am now a healthy
woman; have gained in
weight from 95 pounds to
MO; everyone asks what
ntake3 mo so stout."—
MRS. A. TQLLE. 194G ffiU
ton St., Philadelphia, Pa.
Mrs. Pinkham has fifty
thousand suoh letters
from grslcful women.
PALACE HOTEL
The hi£h standard cf excellence ma'.n-
ta'.ned by thr*e hotels Is recognized anj
appreciated by a discriminating nnd fas-
tidious ch»ntele who regularly make them
their headquarters when ln Han Francisco.
t/occted In clc*e proximity to wholesale
and shopping dlrtrlcts. places of amuse-
ment ar.d with the further advantage of
havinjr ttreft care to ail points of interest
pas? the eairance.
American plan. nurDpean rlaa.
GRAND HOTEL
AMUSEMENTS.
I. AST 5 NIGHTS AND 2 MATINEES.
FXTRA MATINEE
£Z*>^%. 11 r^/~X TO-MORROW.
C-wirij to the Immense Demand for Peats a
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY
Will be given In addition to the rvgular Satur-
day Matinee.
N C MAXN"
GOODWIN n ELLIOTT
' ¦ WH N ' WE*WERE_'f WEHTY-ONE"
NJSXT IIOXDAT,
I .r.KBLLAR... 1
PEATS READY THURSDAY.
THEY r-ANT QrARAKTIXE LAUGHTER.
Dunne & Rylay's ALL-STAR OAST,
MATTHEW A%D J BULGER.
MARY IIABBLE.
WALTER JONES.
MAUDE COURTNEY
And Thirty Other*.
Prestr.tlr.K HOTTS
A nAlx B&ni
Mattnecs Thursday and SatunJar.
Next Sunday Nijfht. a Hurricane of Fun.
Jlovt's "A TIN' PfiLIiIEfL"
~~
<TJL. 0 f H EAT R t^Ar
'•THE HIT OF THE YEAR!"
EVERT XIOIIT AT S:li.
MATINEE SATURDAY.;-:
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Spectacular Production of
j
SEATS £IX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
"Jnst a LittlsJM Off the Top'
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
Of the Romantic Ccrn<c Ot>»>ra.
"the nssApnQyEkii^
three buAnUdiVlCNi !
Evenirss at t. Matinee Saturday at i. ;
SKOAL
AND ANNA UCHTERr^S "MADELEINE.
OR THE MAGIC KISS.~
KPULAk ¦ I Crv-2-c ard 5'->c.
TcfrjJiPne Hush 9.
~z~ ~ • I
VAUDEVILLE AT ITS EIQ1EST PERFECTION, j
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE CO.!
and Orpheum Stars.
JOE HART AND CARRIH DE MAR
In "A CLOSE CALL."
FLEUBETTE end FRANK GARDINER. MR. I
tad MRS. JIMMIE IUURV: MISS LIL-
I.IAN' UUKK11ART er..J CO..
Prowmc "HKit KOJ.DIKit BOY."
AMj TWiKTT OtttAT bTAEb IN TEE EEST
BILL 0? THE BEASOS.
V.mf-T.eA teaif. J5 rent*; balcony, 10 cents; '
"I- ra chaim tnJ box seat*. Ui cents.
Uattneea U'ednceiay. Saturday and Sanaa;*.
— — -_ . :
FiCrHPR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
UliCAT LAMHAKIM OmitA QUARTKT AND
iiiO. Al'.RAMOrr. In Arts Pryra
"AIUA" and "MIGNON."
MTSS MARTINI. TTKOLEAN PINGER.
SUTRO BATHS
OrEN NIGHTS.
Oi>»n daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
IJnthlnK from T a. m. M 10 p. m.
ADMISSION." 10c. CHILDREN', 5c
ZUtt'.nf. incluUln; admiEslun, i5c; chlidrea, 2C-C."NEW YORK. June 4.— FLOUR— Receipts, IS*
C26 barrels: exports. 2",f6i Inactive, but nomin
ally steady in absence of pressure to sell.
Winter patents, $3 60Q3 85; winter straits, $3 25
<52 45.
WHEAT— Receipts. 153.730 bushels: exports
3C9.C2&. Spot steady: No. 2 red. 77%c elevator'-
No. 2 red. S2»4c f. o. b. afloat nominal; No 1
Northern Duluth, 74%c f. o. b. • afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 76?»c f. o.'b. afloat.
Options opened steady on dry weather in spring
wheat States and after a midday decline under
Per stmr National City, at Saa Francisco.
June 4. from Fort Bragg— On June S. at S:30 p.
m while coming out of Fort Brass and run
ning in a heavy side sea and ¦outhwest swell.
had deck lashings carried away and lest about
500 railroad ties.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 3— Stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma. Sailed— Stmr Chaa. E>. Lane, for
N COOS BAT— Sailed June 3-Stmr Arcata, for
a ™A SPAR— Sailed June 4— Stmr Cleone. for San
(5REENWOOD — Arrived June 3 — Stmr Alca
zar hence June 2. .'•«.'*« .
ROCKPORT— Sailed June 3— Stmr Scotia, for
nn vy5 C HARBOR— Sailed June 4— Schrs La
Glronde Esther Ruhne and Chas. R. Wilson.
for s»n Francisco; schr W. F. Wltzemann. for
Honolulu: schr Expansion, for Santa Rosalia.
EUREKA — Arrived June 4— Schr Maxim.
he TILLAMOOK-Arrived June 3-Stmr W. H.
Kruger. with schr Enterprise in tow, hence
M SAN 6 ' PEDRO— Arrived May 31— Schr Laura
Mnrisen from Grays Harbor.
5p \TTLE-Arrived June 4-Stmr Willamette,
hence May 31. Sailed-Jap stmr Klnshlu Maru.
f °Po1?T ek TOWNSEND-Arriv e d June 4-U S
stmr eW^, hence May 31: V S stmr Philadel-
Pl COOS en BAT^Arrlved June 4— Stmr Empire.
he EU e REKA-Sailed June 4-Stmr North Fork.
?AOTOKXA^Arrtvid J«n<; 4-Stmr State of
Caiuomia. -^-^
PORT SAID— Arrived June 4— Br stmr Ataka.
from Norfolk, for Manila.
v*\AlMO- \rrtved June 3— Haw stmr Saa
Mateo. from Port Los Angeles.
UUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jane 2— Br ship
Rr ,bv hence I>b 17.
SLJfDERLAND— Arrived June 1— Br bark In
vernelll. hence Jan 14.
START POINT— Passrd Jur.3 1— Ger bark Pal
las "from Hamburg, for .-:\r.t.i Rosalia.
Dl'NGHNESS — Passed June 1 — I'.r ship Cro
martyshire. from Antwerp, for Port L03 An
geles.
TABLE BAY— Sailed May 31-Br ship Sokoto.
ofr Newcastle. Aus>., and San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 2— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence May 3.
OCEAN' STKA^rK^.^^ HT3I
GENOA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Werra. via
Naples.
ScuVILLE— Arrived June 4— Stmr Tunlscan.
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Western
land, f rorr. New" York.
GLASGOW— Sailed June 2— Stmr Sarmatlan.
from Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 4— Stmr Laarea
tlan. from Glasgow.
POINT LOBOS, June 4—10 p. nv— Weather.
'ossy, wind, southwest; velocity. 11 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Schr Ida Schnauer was reported to fcar«
sailed on June 3 for Port Gamble. It was aa
error. The vessel did not sail.
TELEGRAPHIC.
ORRECTIO.V
8tmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr TUlaraook. Hughes. .
Btmr Point Arena. Kansen. Mendoctno.
Stmr Newburg. Petersen, Grays Harbor.
Monday, June 4.
Btmr San Juan. Friele, Seattle.
Monday. Jtras 4.
Stmr Coca Bay, Svea. San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Juan, Friele. Seattle; John Rcses
feld's Sons.
Br ship Chlltonford. Atkinson. Queenstown:
BaLfour, Guthrie & Co.
' -y - SAILED.
Diego.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 19 hours from Rockport.
Schr Impossible, Low. 6 houra trom Point
Reyes.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. 50 hours from
Coqullle River.
Monday. J^ne 4.
Stmr Corona, Olelow, 62 houra from Saa
ARRIVED.
NEW TORK, June 4. — The stock market re
lap»«?d again in the reactionary condition,
rhowlng the same apathy and hesitation which
characterized it for sor^e time previous to the
elight fillip which gave an appearance of some
animation and *tren»rth last week. There were
times to-day when stocks were offered quite
freeljr and In considerable variety and the
entire absence of demand made prices vul
nerable to the efforts by professional bears to
set them to a lower leveL The actual news
of the day offered little to account for tne
•weakness in the market. Probably the cor
rect explanation is the conviction now become
general in Wall Ftreet that last week's buying
was due to the closing up of some extensive
short accounts by one or two operators on a
larjre seal*. While that demand found very
rcanty offering? of stocks it failed entirely to
attract any additional demand. Commission
bouse business tru at a very low ebb. There
was isome speculation in Sugar to-day, based
upon dividend prospects. It was expected that
the quarterly dividend would be declared to
day, but It was announced during the trading
that action would be de-ferrt-d until to-mor
row. Intimations were given out, however,
that the executive committee had already de
termined on a 1*4 per cent dividend for the
«ju»rter. the name as heretofore. The price
iv. ..- run up to !> on this rumor, but later
fell back below Saturday's price, closing a
Fhade tit! on the day. The Whitsuntide holi
days in London and op the Continent left the
market without any inaex of foreign conditions.
Fome sentimental depression was caused, how
<ner. l>y the delay in the occupation of Pre
toria arid by EugReFti"ns of money market dif
ferences In B?rlln. Th» bears professed «ome
uneasiness also over possible comi.Iications In
the Far East. The closing of the Illinois Steel
Company's mills In South Chicago made steel
Ftocks especially «vak early In the day. but
the tone cf the group became steadier in the
late weakness of the market. A rise of
3 points in N«-w Jersey Central caused a tem
porary hardening of the coalers, but it did
not hold. The small brokerage failure an
nounced (Jurinu the iiay was without effect on
th»- market.
The bond market was dull and Irregular.
Tota.1 tales, par value, tl.tf0.000.
I'r.ited States old 4s <eoupon) declined M, and
eld 4s (.registered) and Es H per cent. The 2»
advanced H per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
Etures Cloving
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
J.ST5 Atchison 2V%
17.460 Atchison prefd 72^
li>M) Baltimore ft Ohio 80»£
150 <::•.. i -1 :.-: r. Pacinc 64
429 Canada Southern 51'4
J.CiO ChwaiM-ake & Ohio T7\
S59 Cliicogo Great Western 12H
17.7S5 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 123H
Chicago, Ind & Louis 21
Chicago, Ind A: Louis £2
...... Chicago & E.--«t Illinois 97
Chicago & Northwestern 165
4.:^ Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 107*4
1.C00 C C C fc St Louis fit)
COO Colorado Southern (
* i,<09 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42\4
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 17
1,442 Delaware .t Hudson 112
100 Ix>U«err, Lsckawanna & Western. 17SH
Denver & Rio Grande 1SH
I^nver & Rio Grande prefd 6'»Vi
Krle ll'/i
Kr'.e 1st prefd 37H
£10 Oreat Northern prefd 158
H'xklns: <*"al 15 '
i: .. l.iin- Valley 3*4
Illino!* Central 11314
1'jO Iowa Central 1»
Iowa Central nr*>fd 43
-Kansas City. 1'ittsburg A. Gulf 16U
110 1-t.ke Krie & Western 2i>4
I^ake Erie & Western prefd sr'4
Lake Shore 212'i !
2,£J0 Louisville & Kashvllle 7»%
1.2V0 Manhattan L P0
l,7(iO Metropolitan Ftreet Railway 154»4
200 Mexican Central J2',4
210 Minneapolis & St Louis 62V4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd ?6
e.S^ Missouri Pacific i *'•>%¦
Mobile ft Ohio 3'i 1
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 11
£00 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.. 33
2.73J New Jersey Central 120
2.11S New York Central 131
S10 Norfolk & Western S3
1P0 Norfolk & WesU-rn prefd 78V4
£.r7S Northern Pacific 60^
CLO Northern Pacific i>refd 7*
New York Stock Market.
Shipping Intelligence,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, June 4.— The visible supply of
trraln Saturday, June 2, as compiled by the
Nev.- York Produce Exchange, is: Wheat,
44,703.000 bushels, decrease 529,000 bushels; corn
12.375,000, decrease 309,000; Oats, 7,301,000, In
crease 235.000; rye, 1,055,000. ¦ decrease 16,000;
barley, 810.000, decrease i:4,000, '
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Speculation was very
slack in the metal market to-day. This was
caused by the absence of cable advices from
London, that market being closed since last
Friday. There was a generally steady under
tone, however. In anticipation of favorable re
ports from abroad to-morrow. Tin. in the
local market, ruled quiet and nominally
quoted at $30. Piwlron warrants were weak
and unsettled. Lead continues dull and un
changed on the basis of $3 "97li@4 O2>4. and
spelter also ruled dull at $4 45@4 50; lake cop
per was dull and unchanged at $16 75.
The brokers' price for lead was $3 80 and for
copper $16 50@16 75. 'Jggjggg
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14.000;. steady to strong:
lambs. 10c higher; good to choice wethers. $5
<55 10; fair to choice, mixed, }4 40@5; 'Western
lambs, $5'g:r. "3; Western lambs, shorn and
common Colorados, $G®7 15; spring lambs, $5
®8.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 39.000: to-morrow,
23.0C0 estimated; left over, 3000; averaged shade
lower, closing strong; top, $5 10; mixed and
butchers', 54 90*T5 10; good to choice, heavy,
J.-.tfTD 10; rough heavy, $4 83@4 95; light, $4 90
<&5 10; bulk of sales, t5@5 O7»,4.
CHICAGO, June 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
6C0. Steers, lfr@25c higher. Butchers' stock,
KytilZc higher ; best on sale to-day, seven car
loads at $5 60. Natives— Good to prime steers,
15ir23c higher at $5 10@5 75; poor to medium,
10@13c higher at $4 60^5; selected feeders,
Bteady at $1 40 l 3a; mixed stockers, J3 50SJ4 25;
cows, J3t)4 40; heifers, fancy, hieher, J3 25<g!
0 1".; canners. steady. $2 i(Xg3: bulls. firm,
J3<?/4 55: calves, steady, J5tf7. Texas— Receipts,
112. Best on sale to-day, two carloads at
H 60: active, 10<&20c hleher. Fed steers. $4 50
@r. 25; grass steers, $3 S5@4 50; bulls, J3 20®
3 70. - -' "
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's salf!S of California fruit: Prunes—Trag
edy. $2 C3£3 50 single crate. Plums— Clymans,
$1 45S1 S3 single crate; Cherry, $1 05@i 40.
Apricots— Royal. SI O.".ffl2 20 single crate; New
castle. 65c5i$l 20: seedling. 75c. Peaches — Hales
F.arly, Jl 70 box: Governor Garland, Jl 4.">;
Brlgfrs May, $1 S3; Alexander, SacQJl 60 box
snd "C^SCc single crate. Cherries— Royal Anne,
GJcfiJS 2o box; Tartarinns. 4Sc<5I$l 55; Napoleon,
$1 33; Republican, SocSJl 15; Centennial, SOijJSoc;
other varieltes, 2.".c<ft$l.
Prunes— Tragedy, $4 single crate. Plums—
Clymans. $1 50!(?l 70 single crates. Apricots —
Royal, Jl lj<gl 65 single crate. Peach»»»-Alex
ander, KcSSl CO box and $1*@1 30 single crate;
Brings, May, $1 box. Cherries— Oregon, $1 30
box; Republicans, Sl^l 50; Tartarlans, 30c@
$1 50; Napoleon, $1 20; Rockland, 65c@$l 20;
Rockports. COc.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, June 4.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales or California fruit: Cherries — Black Re
publicans, $1 lOifJl 25; Royal Anne, 60c£$l 15;
Black Oregon, $1 OO'Sl 20.
Porter Bros. Company's sales:
On the Produce Exchance to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@19',4c; dairy,
13'/i"J17c. Cheese, steady, S?4c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, lie.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
June 4. 1300.
The time ball on the to-wer oi the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. -
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer-
Time Ball.
TO SAIL
<Jas & Electric— 1 Pac C Bor Co. 149
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P 3V4 — I
Mornine Session.
Board—
15r. Giant Powder Con gg 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 31 87U
10 Spring Valley 'Water 95 50 "
Street—
10 Market Street Railway 63 00
Afternoon Session.
. Board—
GO Contra Costa Water 72 25
C03 Giant Powder Con 89 00
100 Giant Powder Con rq 1014"
70 Honokaa S Co 33 75
10O Makawell S Co 47 52ft
5 Oakland Gas 4500
DO Pcauhau S P Co ; 31 571/
Street—. >'*3£^«au£«M
$4000 S F & S J V bonds... 119 25
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Buckhorn 3 gg
100 American Fuel ..., 40
200 American Fuel, b 30 45
200 Homestake 1250
:. Afternoon Session.
Board— -.
f.0 National O & D Co g 23
200 American Fuel, b 90 '. 4a
Street
.100 Yukon 75
MINING STOCKS.
' The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchantre Board:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher '.. 21 1 500 Potosi 23
200 Andes 07 1 COO Potosl ... 21
2C0 Best & Belcher 2i; 100 Savage """ 1?
600 Best & Belcher 2S| ICO Savage '.'.'" 14
300 Caledonia 1 10 500 Sierra Nevada. 32
200 Chollar 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
600 Chollar 21 900 Silver Hill...... 40
$00 C C & Va ...V.I 50 200 Silver Hill.... 4t
7C0 Gould & Curry. 14 200 Standard ... 4 70
300 Hale & Nor.... 2K .V) Standard 4 75
200 Hale &, Nor.... 25 1 300 Union Con 21
-SO0 Mexican 25- 400 Union Con.. "o
1700-Ophlr 741 400 Yellow Jacket. 14
100 Overman ..;... .18'-
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher- ......... 21" 200 Potosl .. . •>•>
400 Chollar ..¦......: 22 400 Snvage *" 14
450 Con Cal & Va.l 501 300 Silver Hill' ' 40
200 Justice 101 ico Standard A 70
400 Ophir 73.1 300 Utah 13
The following were the "sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange: .
MONDAY, June *— 2 p. m.
• Bid. Ask. . tiid.Ask.
V S Bonds— Equit G L. Co. 2^a-, 2%
4s quar coup..H5Vill6 Muu;al Ki «Jo. !*V* H
4s do reg 114*4115 O G L & H... 46 —
4s do cp new.. 134^131% Pac Gas Imp.. 4oVa 46
3s do coupon.. 10!* Viluy^ Pac L ("o — 44
Miscellaneou.— S F G & E 46 47
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. 414 4%,
C C Water 53.10JV2 — Stkn <i .v i; Co lu —
lid L ii r Cs..l28 1 ,i — Insurance —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Firem's Fund. 228 —
Geary-st R 53. — 99 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5&s.. — — \nglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do Is 105- — Liank of Cal. ..410 —
L A Ry 5s — 104Vi Cal S D &. T.105 —
L. A L Co 6s.. — — First National. — 230
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A....132V4 —
Do gntd 5s...lOO — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 59.102V4 JL Nev Nat Bank — —
Mnrket-st 6.«...128 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M Ss.llS — Ger S & L. 1S30 —
N C N <.} K 7s. — 114 Hum S & I... _ _
N R of Cal 6s.lir.^4 — Mut Sav Bank 45 —
Do 6s 117Vi — S F Sav U....505 —
N P C R R 6s.luiv,iO2-i Sav & L So.... 7i 78
Do 5s.... — 108"^ Sec Sav Bk..., — —
N Cal R R 69.111 — Union T Co.... — —
Oak <s l^HSs.lU — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s.. — 119 California 122 —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Cieary-»t o>t _
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107ft Market-st Ry. 62U 63
Om C Ry 6s. ..128 - O S I. & U.. - iu
P & Cl Ry. 6s.lO4^4 — Presidio 18 —
!> & O R R 63.115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st It 6sl20 — California lfiO 170
Rao L, & G R5s — — Giant Con Co.. S3 —
S F & SJV Ss.ll9ttlWyi Vlgorit 2T4 S
8 Ry of Cal 6s.lll',i — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..lit — Hana S P Co.. — 7«
Do (1905) 1C9H — H» w CiSCo S9& 91
Do (1906) 111%113 Honokaa S Co. 33H 34
Do (1D12) — 122V6 Hutch S P Co. 25% 26
Do 1st eg 5s. — — Kilsuea S Co. 20V 21
S P Br 69 130 131VJ Makawell S Co 47% 47%
S V Water 6s.. 115 — Onomea S Co.. 27% 28U
Do 4s 103H — IPaauhau S Co. 31?i 32U
Do 3d mtg...l01-%102 M-.«cellaneou.«—
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — ,'A1 Pack Assn.llS 118U
¦Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — 99 "
Contra Costa.. 72 — Mcr Ex Assn.. — lin)
Mnrtn County. a'i — Oceanic S Co.. — 94
Spring -Valley. 95V4 95% Pac A FA.... 2 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
* — *¦
Business was flat on the morning cession of
the Bond Exchange, with no fluctuations
worthy of note.
In the afternoon there was rather more do
ing, but the market was by no means ictlve.
The Alta Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 5 cents.
The Hulme Bros, and Hulme Company wiy
pay a dividend of 65 cents per share this
month, amounting to 11511.
¦ The Mutual Electric Company has ri^elnreii
a dividend of 8 cents per share, payabie on
the 8th.
,The Pacinc Lighting Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of 30 cents to-day.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 33 cents per share on the 11th.
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay the
usual dividend of 13 cents per share this month.
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5 cents per share on- the £Oth.
The Calumet and Hecla Copper Mining Com
pany of Michigan has declared a dividend of
$10 per share, amounting to $1, 000,000, payable
June iS.
The Tamarack Copper Mining Company of
Michigan has declared a dividend of $7 per
share, amounting to $420,000. The previous
dividend was tt> per share, and the one a year
ago $4. The dividend is payable June 23.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; So. 2 spring wheat. 65Vi®6S%c; No. 3.
fI2-&6:iHc: No. 2 corn. ZVy 4 <a37%e; No. 2 yellow,
37ViSSc: No. 2 oats, Z2Q2Zhia; So. 2 white, 21'4
<S2.'iHc; No. 3 white, 2V.i<it2iY t c; No. 2 rye, 54^c;
good feeding barley, SGVzo; fair to choice malt-
Ing. 40942c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 SO; No. 1 North
western. $1 SO; prime timothy seed. $2 40; me*<s
pork, per barrel. $10 50© 11 30; lard. per 100
pounds, SS COif/fi 75; short ribs sides (loose),
?8 4i@6 73; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6V»?/>
6*ic; short clear sides (boxed). $7S7 10; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 23; sugars, cut loaf,
6.0Sc; granulated, 5.12c; clover, contract grade.
«7 r.o.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Charters.
The Gieaaer loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Syiney. ."2s 6d; India, lumber at Port
B'.akeley fcr the West Coast.
The Clan Buchanan end Franee«eo Ciampa
were chartered prior to arrival for wheat to
Europe. 31* 3d.
Wheat Shipments.
The British ship Chlltonford cleared yester
day for Queenrtown for orders with S3.7S3 ctls
wh^at, valued at J76.460, and 21,000 feet lum
ber dunnage, valued at 5315; total value, $76,775.
Merchandise for Mexico.
—
The eteamer Ignaclo Mariscal cleared Satur
day Tor Mexico with a cargo valued at $10,07?.
which Included the following: 1601 rbs bread,
10 cs chewing ifum, 15*20 Ttis rice. 1349 pals wine.
4 pk^s statiom-ry. 5 flasks quicksilver. 2O00 lbs
coal. 3C0 bbls cement, "2S0 tt>s tea, 26 pkgs
machinery. ? fkgs rubber goods, 124 bdls paper,
11 pkgs wire goods. 24 cr potatoes, 4 cr onions,
£1 LUs tar, 41 ce oil. 10 cs olives, 39 kegs nails.
15 cs paint. 2 kefs white lead. 333 cs paste,
Vt ce drugs, 14 pkg* steel, 6 pkgs railruad ma
terial. 3:4 lbs sago. CO gals whisky. 15 cs ginger
ale, 15 cs mineral water, 9y pkgs iron, 5 cs
fuse, 7 cs Injots and shoes. 13 kegs iron ware,
CS bales hay, 4<>0 pals vinegar. 48 cs hardware,
6 drums acid. 216.449 ft lumber. 135 pitgs pipe.
14* ixJIs Bhouks. 3 keps rivets. 500 Tt>!> cheese.
1 dram ammonia, 4 cs dry goods, 7 cs canned
poods, K> bxs axle grease, 2 cr wheels, 11 pk*s
usajr goods, 12 bdls shovels, 13 bxs candles,
6 pkjrs grruccries. 4 bales rugs, 4 bales bags,
4 I'k^E i ¦...-.- 'A :iv.
la transit— 4 bales rugs, value. J240.
Weather Report.
OKth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. June 4. l?ou — 5 p. m.
The following: are the maximum temperatures
from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 5S|Los Angeles 76
Independence S€ ! San Luis Oblspo 70
Mount TamalpaU 77 ran Diego 66
Red Bluff £» Sacramento &6
Fresno 92!
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, 4S; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
Generally cloudy weather prevails -ver the
Western portion of the country. Rain is re
ported Irom Northwestern Washington. At
Ne&h Bay 1.76 inches has fallen in the last
twelve hours.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over North
ern Washington and remained nearly station
ary in other districts. It ts highest off the
Northern California coast and lowest in North
ern Montana.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
and Northern Oregon and risen elsewhere west
of the Rocky Mountains. It is about ten de
pre*s above the normal in the interior of Cali
fornia.
Forecart made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 5, 1900:
Northern California— Fair • Tuesday; fresh
west mind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday: fresh
west wind.
E Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
I'tah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Sajn Francisco and vicinity: Fair Tuesday,
except fogj?y In the morning; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSO.V,
Local Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, June 4.— The corn market, while
not active to any extent, developed sufficient
strength during the a?sslon to aid. .the
struggling prices of other commodities. Coun
try acceptances of Chicago bids were an im
portant factor as they were much smaller than
usual of late. Besides this the cash people did
an excellent business, much of It direct ship
ment despite higher lake rates and the holi
day abroad. Shorts were compelled to cover,
aiding in the advance. July closed at 37i4@
3Sc. a gain of HS'Hc
The wheat trade was dull. The market
opened easy, July 14c depressed at 6C!ic to
66 l ic under the influence of rains Sunday In
the Northwest and the general speculative dull
ness. More rains were predicted for the Da
kotas and neighboring territory and the Kan
pas crop was advertised as prospectively the
largest on record. But the market got no
lower than the opening figures. There were
other considerations, chief of which were the
corn stscngth and damage claims from the
Northwest. From the country mentioned there
were numerous complaints that the rains had
coir-.e too late to be of the fullest benefit,
while other sources declared that general rains
alone could presarve the crop from widespread
Injury. July advanced to 66?ic, at which the
market closed, Vs^Vic over Saturday.
The oats market was dull. The corn strength
sustained the .market, July closing He higher.
The provision market was strong and at times
It was active. Hog receipts were large, but
packers reported that they had to pay good
prices for them all the same. There was a
better outside demand, packers were fair buy
ers and shorts covered moderately, while of
ferings were not free. July pork closed 22^ic
over Saturday, lard 10c higher and ribs 17Vs5£
20c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 4.— To-day Is a holiday
throughout Europe; no markets.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance In the general fund,
exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows t Available cash
balance, S147.0To.bl4; cold. Sfi9.178.278.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. .Tune 4.— Money on call, easy
at 1%®2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3H@4U per cent. Sterling
exchange easier, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at J4 S7@4 S7Vi for demand and at
J4 84 Vi for sixty days; posted rates, {4 8a%@
4 S-SVi; commercial bills. {4 83^@4 83%. Silver
certificates. 60SClc. Bar silver, 60c. Mexican
dollars, 47&c.
Government bonds, irreeular: State bonds.
Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
1,425 Ontario & Western 21U
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
8,340 Pennsylvania 130ii
600 leading: 17^j
7,400 Heading 1st prefd 67%
Heading 2nd rrefd 29
Rio Grande Western &SH
Rio Grande Western prefd &7Vs
St Louis & San Francisco 10>i
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 6S
St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 31
St Louis Southwestern 11*1
€70 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27
11.210 St Paul 117U
St Paul crefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 116
6.4S3 Southern Pacific 34»4
LOCK) Southern Railway 12 1 .*
4,050 Southern Railway prefd 64 l t
•400 Texas & Pacific 11^*
12.300 Union Paclnc Co
1,^61 Union Pacific prefd 74H
ino Wabash 8
M0 Wabash prefd 20*i
2,135 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9
900 Wheeling & Lake Eric 2nd prefd... 25^
400 Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies— ;
Adams 115 j
American 156 i
ICO United States 45
Wei-s-Fargo IIS
Miscellaneous —
310 American Cotton Oil 34>£
American Cotton Oil prfd 90
American Malting 3V1
110 American Malting prefd 21
900 American Smelting & Refng SSVi
620 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 03
American Spirits 2Vi
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 21'j
American Steel Hoop prefd 71V4 !
7.?35 American Steel <fc Wire Xi~ %
1.460 An-.erican Steel & Wire prefd 75 I
20} American Tin Plate 22V&
3S0 American Tin Plate prefd 73
6,343 American Tobacco S3
100 American Tobacco prefd 12 s ! )
S10 Ar.accnda Mining Co 4Ui
14,960 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6'J% i
Colorado Coal & Iron 55Vi j
4,525 Continental Tobacco ;.... 25
76a Continental Tcbacco prefd 7S* 8 i j
7,950 Federal Steoel 33% I
1,180 Federal Steel prefd 67'.*
44" General Electric 135
S<77 (Jluropf Sugar 4J',i \
Glucose Sugar prefd ssi 2 j
€00 International .Paper 22 |
300 International Paper prefd 6i^j i
1,225 Lack-de Gas 74H
National Biscuit 29V4
210 National Biscuit prefd f»H
620 Xatlonal Lf>ad IS
133 National Lead prefd 96 ]
K0 National Steel 2S>i
300 National Steel prefd M'-i
300 New York Air Brake 123
350 North American 14%'
&0O PaciHe Coast GOVi
Parinc Coast 1-t prefd S3 j
600 Pacific Coast 2d prefd CO'i
600 Pacific Mall 2* !
4,750 People's Gas 994
260 Pressed Steel Car 46»i
Pressed Steel Car prefd 7GVs
300 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5*4 ;
49.J40 Sugar 118%
400 Sugar prefd US
L962 Tennessee Coal & Iron 72% !
76o United States Leather 10% |
461 United States Leather prefd C9Va
X50 United States Rubber 26 i
United States Rubber prefd 93
Western Union 80 j
660 Republic Iron & Steel 134 |
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd Z7 i
I» C C & St Louis 63
100 Third Avenue . 113
27S.100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BON'DS.
U S refd 2s when M K & T 2ds 6?%
Issued 1C3H' Do 4s 92
Do coup lOoTi'N* V Cent lsts 111V6 '
U S 2a res ..1M) N J Cent gen 3s..321Vi !
L* S 3s reg 109>i!N Pacific 3s 67% j
I' S 3s coup 1W4I Do 4s lOoV'i
U S new 4s reg....lX4i»:N Y C & St L 4a. .107 j
V S new 4s ooup...l34^;N & West Con 4s.. S"
T; K old 4s reg 1141- Oregon \ a v lsts.. .111 \
V S old 4s coup ISoVi Do 4s 1C2»» i
U S 5s reg 113'i Oregon S L 6s 128^
U S os coup 113V Do con 5s 114
Dis of Col 3.60s.... 122 Reading Gen 4s.... *«{,
Atchison gen 4s. .101 R O «<i W lsts.... 99'/i
Do cdj 4s SJ*i St L & I M con 5s. Ill
Canada Fou 2ds...lO7 ;St L Jfe S F Gen 6s. 124 |
Chos & Ohio 4Vs.. SC'^i Ft Paul Ccn 172'i i
Do 5s 117VSt P C & P lsts. .120 I
C & N Con 7e UV/i\ Do 5s 121
Do S F Deb 5s. .119 iPouth Pacific 4s... 81
Chicago Term 4s.. W/i South Railway J.s.112
D & R G lsts 102 Stand R & T €s.... 71
Do 4s S'J»» Texas & Pac lEts..H2'i
E T V & G lsts..lC3H] Do 2ds 55
Erie General 4s 72*4 'Union Pacific 4s...lO6H
F W 4 D C lsts.. 71 Wabash lsts 115H
General Elec Ss...l20 Do M« 1C2'4
Iowa Cent lsts.... 11% West Shore 4s 113'4
K C P & G lsts... 72 iWls Cent lsts S1'4
L & X Unl 4s 9374. Va Centuries S2Ms
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point OJOphlr 34
Con Cal & Va 1 45jPlymouth 10
Dea<lwood 50 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 15! do rrefd 7 00 j
Hale & Norc; 26 Sierra Nevada - S3!
Homestake '....50 00 1 .Standard C5 j
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 25 !
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket 14
BOSTON' STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92
Call loans 2JT3 Honda—
Time loans Z\^\ Atchison 4s 100%
Stocks— N E O & Coke 5s. 63
Atchison 2€%| Minim; shares —
do prefd 72% I Adventure ZV*
Am Sugar 117H'Allouez MIn Co .. lVfc i
do prefd 11C jAmalg .Copper ... 63Va I
Bell Telephone ...307 JAtlantic 23 |
Boston & Albany.. 241 i Boston & Mont ...300
Boston Elevated ..US'/fcjButte & Boston... C7
Boston & Maine..::?, Calumet & Hecla. .715 |
C B & Q 123Vi' Centennial 17%
Dom Coal 40 [Franklin 13
Fed Steel 34 jilumboldt EO
do rrefd Cf^iOsceoIa 61
Fitchburs rrefd ..132 14 Parrot 41'4
Mex Cent l!* 4 jQuincy ". 135
NEC* Coke 14 .Santa F*e Copper... iSi
Old Colony 205 ITamarack 193
Old Dominion 37% Utah Minlnc 28
Rubber if'i Winona 24
Union Pac E>4',i Wolverines SS^ I
NOTE— In the above exposition, of the t!<Jes
the early morning tides are given rn th» left
hand .column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column elves the second tide cf
the day. the third time column the third tid»
/md the 'last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day. except when, there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. Ths heights
given are in addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TUESDAY. JUNE 5.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-,
Times and Heights of High ani L ow
Waters at Fort Point, entrance 'i San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs getting firmer.
Three ears of Poultry in from the East.
Large stocks of Tomatoes and Apricots coming in.
Orange auctions discontinued for the season.
Nothing «rtc f in Dried Fruits.
Provisions inactive at unchanged quotations.
Meats as prcz'iously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions plentiful and zveak.
Sterling Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley very dull.
. Sales of new Rye at a sharp decline.
Hay. Beans and Feedstuffs about as before.
which has over three hundred buildings
built of pure lead. Three very tine pub
lic buildings, with beautiful ornamenta
tions, have been constructed from piJro
lead Besides durability the cheapness
of the mineral is a great consideration
Thus the construction of any of those
very elaborate buildings never excte'ii
the cost of $Sq.OCO.
Throughout almost tfce -whole of the
Transvaal you como across every nnw
and then some species of tht- dreaded
.'ever tree— a twisted, distorted tree
whose livid gTeen trunk and branches
bear no leaf nor blossom. In appearance
It is quite the most sinister bit of vegeta
tion Imaginable, and. no matter how
weary his oxen or how weary his own
feet the South African trekker or pros
pector will plod on for miles rather than
outspan even for one nisnt in the neigh
borhood of this baleful tree.
Settlers are beginning to flock Into Man
itoba In large numbers.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS.
The week started very moderate for evapo
rated apples. Country advices were about as
anticipated, but as sellers were scarce, the
market developed a steady undertone at fully
sustained prices. California dried fruits ruled
quirt but ubout steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPPLES— Common,
4@5Hc; prime, 6%<g6c; choice, 6% @7c; fancy,
7&<f;8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 12V4@14c; Moorpark,
15© 18c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@2Oc; unpeeled, 6@9o.
disappointing visible supply figures and bearish
Southwest crop news rallied finally with corn.
Closed steady at a partial Uc advance. July.
71 15-16@72 6-16c. closed 72Ho; September, 73 1-16
4i73?ic. closed 73Hc '
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady. ¦ .
COFFEE— Spot Rio firm; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, steady; Cordova, 9H@13^4c. Futures —
Closed firm with prices 5 to 15 points net higher.
Total sales, 20.000 bags, including: June, $7 25;
July, $7 20@7 30; August, $7 25ff7 35; September.
$7 25®7 30; November. $7 30@7 35; December,
$7 .',0; March. $7 65©T 65.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,017 packages. Steady;
creamery extras. 16U;r?;0c; factory. 14Vi@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 16,014 packages. Steady;
Western, loss off, J2\i^i3c; Western at mark.
10H612V4c.
SUGAR — Raw. strong: fair refining. 4^c; cen
trifugal ?6 test. 4%c; molasses, S 15 16c; refined,
etror.g.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. II 50&2 50
per box; Seedlings, $1@1 75; Valencias, $3@3 50;
Lemons, $10150 for common and $202 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, SiifS; Ba
nanas. I2'u3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 50 if 4 per
dozen.
CHERRIES— 30<5j60c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 50300c. In bulk. 2@4c for black and
4@6c for Royal Anne. Receipts were 3107 boxes.
BLACKBERRIES— $4 50ffjS per chest; from
Fresno, 60c, and from Newcastle, 60®60c per
crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— J2 C0-J4 per chM;t.
FIGS — From Arizona. $1 25©1 50 per box and
15c jier basket.
PEACHES— 50c©$l 25 per box and 65®75c per
basket.
PLUMS — Clymans, 40@75c per box and crate;
Cherry Plums', 25<335c for drawers and 50c for
'STRAWBERRIES— $i@r, per chest for larre
and $$©11 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 3®3Vic per lb for common
and per lb for English.
HASPBERKIES-S4 50@8 per chest; Newcas
tle. per crate.
APPLES — Oreen Apples. 25®'50c per box and
2O'g35e per basket and OO^oc for Red Astra
chans, large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline,' in small boxes, 25@35c per
box; in baskets: 25© 35c.
Cherries are doing rather better, as receipts
are smaller. The market Is heavily supplied
with Apricots.
Plums. Apple* and Pears are making more
show, but Peaches are not very plentiful as
jet.
orcciDrous fruits
apricots— 3">ige0c per box for Royals; in
backets. S5©40c.
The Orange auctions have been discontinued
for the season.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New. 7^<gs%c; Young America, 9@
9%c; EaHtrrn. 16<ai7c: Wpstern. laSiltic per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13%@ 15c for store and 16@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15Vic.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. lSflS^c; sec
onds, 17@17 I /4c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16^© 17c; good to choice, 15®
16c; common. 14c.
Butter and Eggs continue to point upward,
though there is no scarcity in either. Cheese
rules firm.
BUTTER—
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live TurkcyB, lO&llc lor Goo
biers and Il<gl2%c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25®1 50: Goslings. $1 23©1 50: Ducks. $;<S3
for old and $0®6 for younn; Hens, $l<S/5;
Young Roosters. $5?i6; Old Roosters, $3 r,t»9f 4 ;
Fryers, ii 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2' ( f
2 f.O for small; •Pigeons, $1 50<91 "o per dozen for
old and $1 i.0 Ql 75 for squabs.
GAME — Nominal.
Three cars of Poultry are in from the East.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 15(??25c per doz:
Rhubarb. 50i(fc$l per box; Asparagus, 50c@$l
per box for No. 2 nnd tl 2ojil LO for No. 1 and
$1 7f.fg2 23 for fancy large; Green I'eas. 7S*iv."ic
per sack for common and $1^1 25 for Garden;
String Beans, 3tfI4c; Refugees, 506c; Wax
Beans. 4fi5c; Cabbage, 40S50e; Tomatoes, j0@
73c; Egg Plant from Loa Angeles. 4'&"6c; Dried
Okra, 32>4c per lb: Oreen Peprers from Los An-
Kflts. 6@7e; Dried Peppers. 8'<<10c: Carrots. 25©
3.jc per sack; Summer Squash. 50ffi7">c per box
for Vacaville and $llil 25 for Alameda; Cucum
bers, $2(712 25 for Alameda and Siicgjl 23 per box
fcr Marysville; new Garlic, 334c per lb.
POTATOES — Oregon nurbanks. 86c@$l: New
Potatoes, 40({i75c In sacks and 40cft$l in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 65(gS5c per ctl; Austra
lian, $3(|J3 50 per ctl.
BEANS— Bayos. $3<§r3 20; small White. $3 2o@
3 45; large White. $3 1CQ3 20; Pink, $2 5032 90;
Red. *2 50(f?3; Blackeye. $3 50®4; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 25&5 30; Pea, U 40@3 10; Red
Kidneys. |4<&4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 9O's2 20; Canary. 3Vio
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
lalfa, nominal; Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Timothy. 4©4%c
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1 9C@2 25; Green. $1 90
<?2 25 per ctl
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There are heavy stocks of Tomatoes on the
market. New Potatoes and Onions are also in
good supply. Old Potatoes arc firmer.
Beans and Seeds.
AH quotations stand the same, with very dull
markets.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@16 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
J27 60628; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$25: Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50.
HAY — Wheat, $7ig9 for common to good, $9 50
©•10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, *7 50© 9 50; Oat,
JClffR" Barley. $3©7: Alfalfa. $5'37 - r .o per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4&6; Wheat, $G@7;
Clover. $4 50® 6 per ton.
STRAW— 2o<Si/!*c per bale.
lUtAN— U2 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S17(3'20 per ton.
Olrf Hay continues steady, while new Is as
weak and n?Kl ected as ever. Feedstuffs, with
the exception of rolled Barley, are quoted firm.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per 100 .lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. J2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 2563 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4^4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25:
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 C0@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 6C00 ctls, GSTic.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
- OATS— There Is nothing new to report, the
market remaining very quiet. t
White, $1 10@l 30; Red, $1(51 20; Gray, $1 07&
@1 15; Black. $1@1 07% per ctl. •
CORN— A slight change in White will be seen.
Eastern large Yellow, $1 10® 1 15 per ctl; East
ern White. 97>Ac@$l 05 per ctl; Mixed, $1 10.
RYE— 95@9"Hc per ctl. Sales of the new crop
In the country at the equivalent of 82V4c here.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
BARLEY— Dealers continue to report a stag
nant and unsatisfactory market, with conces
sions necessary to effect sales.
Feed, 67^®70c for No. 1 and 62^4@65c for Off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, "SO^Oc;
Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 etls. 93%c.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls,. 99c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
Afternoon Session— December — 58,000 ctls,
99Vic.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— There was no business at Liverpool
or Paris.
Chicago was steady, with a light trade. A
decrease on passage counteracted liberal
Northwestern receipts and fine weather. The
American visible supply remained about the
same.
The local market was stagnant and feature-
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 90@91Vic; milling. 93%
@96»ic.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4Stf 49
Exchange and Bullion.
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 4.
Flour, qr sks 22,849 Middlings, sks .. 580
Wheat, ctls .... 3,200 Sugar, sks 1.963
Barley, ctls 5,1^'. Hay, tons 748
Oats, ctls 230 Straw, tons 15
Corn. East. ctls. 6(K> Lime, bbls 91
Corn, ctls 1.360 Sugar, bbls 500
Rye, ctls 170 Leather, rolls ... 71
Butter, ctls 327 j Wool, bags 516
Cheese, ctls 61 1 Hops, bales 59
Tallow, ctls 2.'4iPelts. bdls 400
Beans, sks 675 Wine, gals 57,730
Potatoes, sks ... 2,745 Hides, No 234
Onions, sks 1.025 Eggs, doz 16.440
Flour, qr sks 33,314 I Potatoes, sks ... 692
Oats, ctls 620!Bran, sks 2,746
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.70c; Powdered,
5.30c; Candy Granulated, 5.20c; Dry Granu
lated 5.20c; Confectioners' A, 5.20c; Magnolia
A. 4.S0c; Extra C. 4.70c; Golden C. 4.60c; bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels. 5.95c; boxes, 6.20c -per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $3; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $8; Co
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16
per ton in bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Uc: Wool Bags. 2S%@32t£c;
Fleece Twine, 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%@5%c for small and
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. &%S5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@8%c
Prices for all descriptions remain as previ
ously quoted.
BEEF— o%®6'y4c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8@9c; small, 9S9Hc per lb.
I MUTTON— Wethers, 6' / £@7c; ewes, 6@6&c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c; yearlings, 7%$fSc Per
lb. ¦->¦»•¦! -
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Mprinp. clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15%@17c; Northern -defective, 13
@13c; Middle County, free, 13@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12@13c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months', ll@13c; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
dno 20g21c; Nevada, 14@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at C@llc per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about • lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c: Dry
Hides, sound, ISc: culls and brands, 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry.- Calf, 18c: Sheepskins,
Shearlings, 20iJI30c each; short Wool, 35«60c
each; medium, 7O@9Oc; long Wool, $1@1 50 each;
Horse Hides. $2&2 50 for large and 75c@$l 50
for small ; Colts, 25<g50c. Deerskins— Summer
cr red skins, 37Vj@Wc; fall or medium skins,
32«4@35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No. S,
4c; refined, 6c; grease, 2}4<g'3c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 708c per lb for com
pound and S%@9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Vic: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. lO^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%®S%c per lb; half
barrels, S9ig8"6c; 10-lb tins. 9Vic
Uc for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14Ho for Bugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13313HC; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 50@15; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12%@13c per lb.
James J. and Mary E. Collins to W. J. Ba
ker, lot on N line of Seventh street or Rail
road avenue. 150 E of Union street, N 127:5,
E 21. S 127:3. W 21 to beginning, block 635.
Oakland; $10.
Julia A. and Fred A. Ring to Charlotte
Krelss, lot on NW corner of Linden lane or
street with middle line of Liberty street. NE
81:314. N 123. NE 73. N 423:3, W 151:8. S 610:3
to beginning, being portion of plat 13, R.
V and D. Peralta. subject to all liens, etc.,
Oakland; $500.
H B. and Susie L. Belden to Christen 01
sen, lot on W line of Campbell street. 110 S
of Lincoln, S 25 by W 115, block 711. Oakland;
$10.
A. D. Pryal to Peter Calou. lot on TV line
of Grove street, 73 S of Thirtieth, S 25 by TV
140 block C, Whitcher and Brockhurst Tract.
Oakland; $10. . "
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Wll
helmenna Schulthels, lot 82. In plat 40, Moun
tain View Cemetery. Oakland Township: $S5.
Scenic Park Realty Company (a corporation)
to D. Satoff. lot 13, block 7, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley: $10.
Mary E. and Wallace E. Thompson to A.
W Thompson, lot 40. block 23. same: $10.
Katharine Klefer to Gasine F. Claudius. lot
3. block 33. Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Andy L. Stone (single) to Edward Peabody,
lots 205 to 212. 207 and 20S. Map of Madison
Square Elmhurst. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Laura A. Pinney to Harmie F. Irwln (wife
of John), lot 17. block H. on revised map.
Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township: $175.
Anna E. Humphrey to John W. and Minnie
Dill, lot on S line of Buena Vista avenue 373
E of Chestnut street, E 25. S 150. W 23, X 63
TV 1 foot. N 46, E 1 foct. N 33 to bozinnlne.
being a portion of lot 11. block 4, lands adja
cent to Ercinal. Alameda: $10.
Melissa E. Ackerson to Anna V. Rlley (wife
of C. C). lot 7, block E, Powers Tract: also
lot nn E line of Stanton street. 121:8 S of
Pacific avenue. S 1 foot by E 40, belnar a por
tion of same; also beginning .at a point 124:8
S from S line of Pacific avenue and 40 E from
E line of Stanton street. E 61:3 by S 1 foot,
being a portion of same, Alameda; $1200.
Lorenzo D. and Mary Royce to Mary V.
Beggs, lot 5 block C, Hays and Caperton
Tract, Alameda: $10.
William R. Jenkin to Hannah C. Jenkin.
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 230 E of Wil
low street, E 10 by N 150:2. being lot 6, block
18, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Versailles ave
nue. 200:0\i N of Monroe street. E 146:34. N.
100. TV 139:10. E 100:11 to beginning; also begin
ning at most S corner of lands of William
R. Jenkin. by deed of October 6. 1S37. thence
SE 20. NE 100, NW 20, SW 100. to beginning
Alameda; sift.
Same to same, lot on S corner of Jackson
and Grove streets. SE 149 by SW 43.44, betni
lot 6. block S4. map 1 of a portion of Sather
Trust Property. Alameda: gift.
Mary E. Valentine (widow) to Thomas White,
lots 13 and 14. block 37, lands adjacent to En
clnal, quitclaim deed. Aiameda; $250.
Builders' Contracts.
S. G. Nix (owner) with A. Harrington (con
tractor), architect John . Mcllenry — All work
except painting for a cno and a half story
frame building on W line of Eleventh avenue,
225 S of H street. S 23 by W 120; $1C3O.
Michael di Joy, Frank Arlet and Joseph
DIrenzo (owner?) with Joseph TV. Fish (con
tractor), architect — Alterations and ad
ditions to a four-story and basement frame
buildlnc on lot on N line of Green street. 40
W of Kearny. W 20 by N 57:6: $4100.
Georze TV. Elder (owner) with C. Krecker
(contractor); architects Held Bros. — All work
except concrete for a two-story frame building
on lot on TV line of Guerrero street, between
Twentieth ar.d Twenty-first. M B 73; $3331.
— : ¦ ¦> . —
A City Built of Lead.
The name of '"Leadville, Colo.. . docs
not imply that the dwellings and paving
are made of lead, but there is a city in
Africa where that mineral is used suc
cessfully for building , purposes. Byra is
the name of this rather extensive town.
Anna E. Cashmore, formerly Pllgram (wife
of George), to E. O. Vlnzent, lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, 150 W of Grove, W 50
by N ICO, being lot 19, block N, Kelsey Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Annie L. Nlckerson (widow) to J. S. Myers.
lot on NE corner of Sutter street and Tele
graph evenne. N 4S.40 by E 150. being lot 29.
block C, Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract at
Temescal, Oakland, $10.
J. F. and Sarah J. Cross to Emell# Thuotte
(single), the E 20 feet of lot 23 and TV 20 feet
of lot 24, block C. Gaskill Tract. Oakland: J10.
William H. and Frances Mackinnon to George
Sterling, lot 13 on Map of Laymance Tract,
Oakland; $10.
A. H. Duncombe (slnsrle), by James S. Nai
smlth, attorney, to Emille Thuotte (single),
lot on SE line of Kins avenue. 1S0.2S NE of
Hopkins afreet, NE 30 by SE 123. being lot 7.
block 3, Mao of portion of East Oakland
Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Edmund S. Ciprico to Mary E. Lombard,
lot on N line of Tylor street, 400 E of Calais.
E 50 by N 133. being; lot 4, block L. Harmon
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Charles and Annie M. Schoeiiinsr to John O.
and Teresa Erhart, lot on SE line of Calhoun
avenue, 425t"0 SW of County Road Oakland to
San I#andro, SW 50 by SE 100. being lot 23,
block G, Huntinston Tract: Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. I
Jacob Trautman to Julia Trautman. lot 63
on Man of Henry and Phillips Tract, being
a subdivision of lot 1 to 5, 27 to 33, of Bray
property, Brooklyn Township: gift.
Sarah D. Phillips to Lillie S. Hlester, lot on
N line of Monroe street, 100 E of Versailles
avenue, E 39:l*i by N 14S:2H. Alameda; $10.
Alameda County.
Same to Fred Klrchoffer, lot on S line of
Geneva avenue, 23<> W of Howth, S 100 by
E 10. being a portion of lot 1. block 11. San
Miguel City; *10.
H. E. and Clara Gtondore to same, same: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Medora C. Adam,
lot 9. block C, Getz Addition to Lakeview; $io.
Valentine and Louise Franz to Charles Gart
ner, lot on E line of San Jose road, 199:7H
S of Worden. SW 23:7H. SE 93. NE 25, NTV
101:4U. block 4, West End Map 2; $10.
P. B. Yoakum to same, same; $10.
H E. nnd Clara Glendore- to John J. Ma
honey, lot on N line of Q street. 40 TV of
Forty-seventh avenue. TV 42:6 by N 100; $19.
F. B. and May C. Toakum to H. E. Glendore,
let on S line of Geneva street, 236 TV of
Howth, E 50 by S 1C0. block 11, San Miguel
City; also lot on N line of Q street. 40 W
of Forty-seventh avenue. W 42:6 by N 100;
$1500.
Albert Meyer to Caroline Sehmolek. lot on
TV line of Eighteenth avenue. 175 S of H street,
S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alphonso and Emma Harrington to John J.
and Caroline O'Connor, lot on W line of
Eleventh avenue, 275 S of H street. S 23 by W
120; $10.
Marj- Ellen and J. H. von Schroeder (or von
Schroder) to John H. and Jeannette von
Schroder, lot on NE corner of Twenty-third
and Capp streets. N 33 by E 122:6; $10.
Albert and Susanna Morgenstern to Court
lana S. Benedict, lot on E line of Taylor Btreet.
20 N of Geary, X 40 by E 57:6; $10.
Emily Arnold and Mary A. Burner (Arnold)
to I&aac F. Kydd. lot on N. line of Delgado
place, 62:6 E of Hyde street, E 23 by N 50; $5.
Daniel Buckley to John H. Sullivan, lot on
NE line of Zoe place, 91:6 SE of Folsom street.
SE 23 by NE 50; 15.
John T., James W., George, Ellen Mary and
Kate Lucy to Ellen Lucy, lot on NE line of
Clinton street. 125 NW of Brannan, NW 25
by NE 75; gift.
Louis and Rose Lipman. Carl D. and LJbby
A. Salfleld to Anglo-Californian Bank. Lim
ited, lot on E lUie of Stanyan street, 100 N of
Frederick, N 25 by E 106:3; *10.
B. P. Oliver to Hibernia Savin*! and Loan
Society, lot on S line of Thirteenth street,
275:8 W of Mission, TV 25 by S 95; also lot on
N line of Fourteenth street. 105 E of Valencia,
E 75 by N 70; also lot on W line of Mission
street. 223 N of Fourteenth. N 74, W 100. S
24, E 10, S 50, E 90; also lot on E line of Ste
venson street, 237 ;6 N of Fourteenth. N 82:6 by
E 65; also lot on E line of Valencia street.
800 S of Fourteenth, S 100 by E 100; also lot
on W line of Mission street, 237 S of Thir
teenth, S 26 by W 100; also lot commencing at
a point distant on a line parallel with Clin
ton Park and drawn from SE corner of Ste
venson street and Clinton Park 10:3% E from
said corner. E 54:8%. N 20. TV 6. N 2o. TV 20.
S 15 W 2S:11%, S 30; also lot commencing 90
feet W of Jessie street and 95 S of Thirteenth,
W 0:8 by S 50; $10. - ••'*•
Fred Tobelmann to Henry Brooks. lot on
SW corner of Nlnetentb. and Shotwell «treets.
S 35 by TV SO; J480O.
Jennie C. Cottrell (by commissioner) to Ht
bernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on W
line of Capp street, 170 S of Nineteenth. S 4»
by W 122:6; also lot on TV line- of Shot well
street. 65 S of Twentieth. S 32 by W 122:6; J3790.
Samuel Gilmore to Eva S. Gllmore. lot on N
line of Bush street. 137:6 W of Devisadero. W
57:6 by N 137:6; gift.
German Savings and Loan Society to An
drew J. McPlke, lot on S line of California
street, 92:6 E of Pierce. E 24 :S by S 137:6; *10.
MONDAY. June 4—4 d. m.
¦^ • Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 03Justlce 09 10
Alta 03 05|Kentuck — 01
Andes C6 08;Lady Washtn.. — 03
Belcher 20 22 Mexican 23 26
Best & Belcher 2S 2a j Occidental 12 14
Bullion 02 03;Ophir 73 74
Caledonia 1 05 1 15 Overman 17 13
Chollar 2* 25|Potosl 24 25
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 13 13
Confidence 65 70 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 Seg Eelcher.... 01 02
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York. — ©3 1 Silver Hill 40 42
Eureka Con.... — 60 St Louis — 12
Crown Point .. 09 11 'Standard 4 70 —
Exchequer 01 02!Syndlcate — 10
Gould & Curry 14 15|Union Con 20 22
Hale & Nor.... 24 27|Utah 12 13
Julia — 03IYellow Jacket. 14 la
BEAIi ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
SM Belcher 21 1 600 Mexican 26
SCO Best & Belcher 29 i 500 Ophir '•>
~W> Challenge Con. 15i 150 Potosl 24
500 Chollar 23 500 Savage 1*
SS? £ £ & Va ----1 52^> <«0 Sierra Nevada. 33
WCC & Va 1 SO j 1100 Silver Hill .... 40
800 Crown Point... 10 1 100 Standard 4 GO
1100 Gould & Curry 141 1C0 Standard 4 70
200 Hale & Nor 27 TOO Union Con 22
300 Justice 10 200 Yellow Jacket. 15
200 Mexican 27
Afternoon S;sslon.
300 Chollar 23! 150 Savage 15
200 Ophir 741 200 Silver Hill .... 40
200 Potosi 24! 200 Union Con 21
300 Savage 11! 300 Union Con 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Chicago Grain Market.
Steamer Movements*
TO ARRIVE.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
New York Grain and Produce.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 4.— Most of the wheat
exporters have 'their limits down around 51c.
but one or two sales were reported at 52c to
day. This Is about a cent above export values,'
and It Is doubtful about very much being sold
at this figure. Valley Is dull at 50*5-51c.-«-
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 4.— WHEAT— Dull and un
changed; blue Etcm, 51c; club, Sic. , • - •"
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 4Q4%c
for .40-50's. 3*4®3%c for E0-60's. 3%@3Hc for
60-70'b. 8@3Uc for 70-80" s. 2T4@Cc ••• for S0-90'a
and 2%<g2\c for 90-lOO's; Apricots, 8@10c for
Royals and 10@Ilc for Moorp:irks; Peaches,
<H@^%c for Standards, 5c for choice and 6^4/
6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10@12He; Evapo
rated Apples. 6%@6c; sun-dried. 3®4c per lb:
Pears. 3%®4V4e for dark and 768c for bright
halves: Black Figs. l*i@2c: White Figs. 2>&3c:
Bleached Plums, 7%c; Unbleachtd Plums, 6c
for pitted and lV4c for unDitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c:- choice. - 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb.SVtc; choice.' 7%c: standard. 6V4c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. Be; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5V4c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 f.0 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Deheea. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
l'rii< ¦* are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.'. .
NUTS— "Walnuts, £$Mc for Standards and 98
10c for softshclls; Almonds, UVi@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for soft and 4ft5c.for hardshell;
Peanut*. fiSiCiG'iic for Eastern nnd 6c for Call
fornla: Brazil Nuts. 7V4@'Sc; Filberts, 1231214c:
Pitcana. ' llj?13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5006.
. HONEY— Comb, 12&@13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
7U©7Hc: light amber extracted, 6%@G$ic; dark.
5%<y6c per lb. •
1SEESWAX— 24® 26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues flat.
CUKED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
ARTICLES
jRecelpts.l
| Shlpm'ts
-
i ;
T^l~...
16,000
22/(00
347.000
234.000
2,000
9,(H»
22 OCO
776.000
36S.O00
3. COO
:r. bnrrels
\Vhe>
•at, bushels ..
Corn,
i, bushels
Oats.
;. bushels
Rye,'
Bark
bushels
ey. bushels . .
22, OW
ARTICLI
lOpen.jHlRh.l Low. (Close.
Wheat Xo.
2—
June ,
July.
. 657<, 66 Co% 66
. CC% C6% 66% 66Ti
Corn No. 2 —
June .'
July
. 37Vi r.% 37>i 37-y*
. 37% 3S 3714 38
Oats No. 2-
June
July
. .... nn
. 2H4 21% 21% 21%
Jiess Pitk. i
liCil
July
September ...
. 11 03 11 30 11 05 11 27^
. 11 12% 11 32% 11 12% U 82%
Lard. 100 lb
July
September ...
ribs. 1
100 '
l'bs-
. 6 62H 6 75 6 62H 6 75
. 6 60 6 70 6 60 6 70
" . ._ . „ . _. VI.
July
Septrmber ...
. 6 50 6 Co 6 50 C 65
. 6 47% 6 62% 6 47% 6 62%
Sun rises .
Sun sets
Moon seta
3 I Time Time ITimel I
g Ft. ; Ft. Ft.
ft L W H W L, W :
JTi
• i _____ j
6 ... 0:02 2.7 5:18 8.6 10:23 1.7
< ... 0:53 2.2 6.33 1.4 11:47 2.1
» ... 1:33 1.7 7:50 3.4 12:2S 8.4
I ... 2:17 1.1 8:55 S.5 1:14 2.7
9 ... 2:55 0.6 9:53 3.7 1:58 2.9
10 ... 3:33 0.1 10:42 4.0 2:4« S.O
11 ... 4:12|-0.3 11:29 4.2[ S:32 5.1|
«:H| I
«:50.
7:23 ;
7:57| .
8:29i
9:03!
9:33!
S.I
S.2
5.3
5.4
M
5.:
S.i
Steamer. I From. I Dne.
Arcata |Coos Bay (June 5
Hongkong MarniChina and Japaa June i
Washienaw .... Tacoma Jun« 3
Pomona Humboldt Jam S
Bonita Newport Jun» 4
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound June 4
Empire Coos Bar June 9
"Warfleld Oyster Harbor June 7
Crescent City... Crescent City Juno 7
City of Para..... Panama _. June 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Juno S
Point Arena.... Mendoclno Juno 3
State of Cal Portland June 9
Tellus Oyster Harbor (June 9
Coos Bay Newport _....IJune V*
Matteawan .... Tacoma 'J:::i> 10
Willamette Seattle June ID
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget SoundjJune 11
Coqullle River.. IGrays Harbor ...JJune U
China IChina and Japan June 12
Corona San Diego June 12
North Fork Humboldt June 12
Columbia [Portland (June 1+
Steamer. Destination.
to
Wai Walla. I Vic & P*t Sd.
Corona San Dlegro
Gaelic [Chlna&Japan
Del N'orte.JOrwn Port3.
Arcata ! Coos Bay
Empire jCoos Bay [
Columbia ..il-'onland
Curacao .... Mexico
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork. Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
City Sydney Panama
Luxor lEurope |
Santa Kosa.San Diego I
Umatilla ..IVic & Pitt Sd.i
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. |
.!
. June 5.
. June 6.
i June 6.
.Llur.e R,
.rjtiaa «.
.[June 7.
.jJum 7.
.lJune 7.
. June 7.
, June 7,
, June S.
June *.
|June 9.
(June 10.
'June 10.
|J«ine IX.
. i
. i
. l
' l
r'
K
1!
1!
11 .
11
1
« ,
12
4
is
n
?
9 ;
9 l
'?
10 i
1 «
,1 ;
2|
am
am
pmi
am :
m|
pm;
am!
pm]
am.
ami
m!
am
am;
am
pm
"It
"MS
Mer
'ipr
¦tei
•ier
tCf
¦i»r
'ic-
ier
IT
i.-. r
¦ j
¦ 11
¦ r,
• u
• ii
• :t
!1
' 1
\\
State of Call Port land i
I June 12.
Cooa Bay...iXewrort
Marlposa ..(Sydney !
¦June 12.
(June 13.
ARTICLES
jRecelpts.l
| Shlpm'ts
-
i ;
T^l~...
16,000
22/(00
347.000
234.000
2,000
9,(H»
22 OCO
776.000
36S.O00
3. COO
:r. bnrrels
\Vhe>
•at, bushels ..
Corn,
i, bushels
Oats.
;. bushels
Rye,'
Bark
bushels
ey. bushels . .
22, OW
Steamer. Destination.
to
Wai Walla. I Vic & P*t Sd.
Corona San Dlegro
Gaelic [Chlna&Japan
Del N'orte.JOrwn Port3.
Arcata ! Coos Bay
Empire jCoos Bay [
Columbia ..il-'onland
Curacao .... Mexico
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork. Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
City Sydney Panama
Luxor lEurope |
Santa Kosa.San Diego I
Umatilla ..IVic & Pitt Sd.i
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. |
.!
. June 5.
. June 6.
i June 6.
.Llur.e R,
.rjtiaa «.
.[June 7.
.jJum 7.
.lJune 7.
. June 7.
, June 7,
, June S.
June *.
|June 9.
(June 10.
'June 10.
|J«ine IX.
. i
. i
. l
' l
r'
K
1!
1!
11 .
11
1
« ,
12
4
is
n
?
9 ;
9 l
'?
10 i
1 «
,1 ;
2|
am
am
pmi
am :
m|
pm;
am!
pm]
am.
ami
m!
am
am;
am
pm
"It
"MS
Mer
'ipr
¦tei
•ier
tCf
¦i»r
'ic-
ier
IT
i.-. r
¦ j
¦ 11
¦ r,
• u
• ii
• :t
!1
' 1
\\
State of Call Port land i
I June 12.
Cooa Bay...iXewrort
Marlposa ..(Sydney !
¦June 12.
(June 13.
ARTICLI
lOpen.jHlRh.l Low. (Close.
Wheat Xo.
2—
June ,
July.
. 657<, 66 Co% 66
. CC% C6% 66% 66Ti
Corn No. 2 —
June .'
July
. 37Vi r.% 37>i 37-y*
. 37% 3S 3714 38
Oats No. 2-
June
July
. .... nn
. 2H4 21% 21% 21%
Jiess Pitk. i
liCil
July
September ...
. 11 03 11 30 11 05 11 27^
. 11 12% 11 32% 11 12% U 82%
Lard. 100 lb
July
September ...
ribs. 1
100 '
l'bs-
. 6 62H 6 75 6 62H 6 75
. 6 60 6 70 6 60 6 70
" . ._ . „ . _. VI.
July
Septrmber ...
. 6 50 6 Co 6 50 C 65
. 6 47% 6 62% 6 47% 6 62%
Steamer. I From. I Dne.
Arcata |Coos Bay (June 5
Hongkong MarniChina and Japaa June i
Washienaw .... Tacoma Jun« 3
Pomona Humboldt Jam S
Bonita Newport Jun» 4
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound June 4
Empire Coos Bar June 9
"Warfleld Oyster Harbor June 7
Crescent City... Crescent City Juno 7
City of Para..... Panama _. June 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Juno S
Point Arena.... Mendoclno Juno 3
State of Cal Portland June 9
Tellus Oyster Harbor (June 9
Coos Bay Newport _....IJune V*
Matteawan .... Tacoma 'J:::i> 10
Willamette Seattle June ID
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget SoundjJune 11
Coqullle River.. IGrays Harbor ...JJune U
China IChina and Japan June 12
Corona San Diego June 12
North Fork Humboldt June 12
Columbia [Portland (June 1+
Sun rises .
Sun sets
Moon seta
3 I Time Time ITimel I
g Ft. ; Ft. Ft.
ft L W H W L, W :
JTi
• i _____ j
6 ... 0:02 2.7 5:18 8.6 10:23 1.7
< ... 0:53 2.2 6.33 1.4 11:47 2.1
» ... 1:33 1.7 7:50 3.4 12:2S 8.4
I ... 2:17 1.1 8:55 S.5 1:14 2.7
9 ... 2:55 0.6 9:53 3.7 1:58 2.9
10 ... 3:33 0.1 10:42 4.0 2:4« S.O
11 ... 4:12|-0.3 11:29 4.2[ S:32 5.1|
«:H| I
«:50.
7:23 ;
7:57| .
8:29i
9:03!
9:33!
S.I
S.2
5.3
5.4
M
5.:
S.iStanford Gave A Dare and Faculty" Order Couldn't Hold Them Back. 4
Grim Reaper Renders De
cision in Long Pending
Case of W. H. Allen.
PRISON DOORS ARE
OPENED BY DEATH
OAKLAND, June 4.— Harry Marshall,
colored, 60 years old, an Inmate of the
County Tnfirmary, was found unconscious,
with his skull fractured, last night on the
San Leandro road. Whether he was struck
by a car cr fell and sustained the Injury
was not disclosed. The former cause is
probably the correct one, for Marshall was
found twenty-five feet from the electric
road tracks. He was removed to the
County Infirmary, where an operation was
performed on the injured skull. The sttP
geons say Marshall will recover.
Found With Skull Fractured.
Gilbert N. Rrlnk, supervisor of the
Institute, and Miss Nellie Mae Bennett of
Oakland will be married on June 14 at the
Twent'y-thlrd street Baptist Church, in
Oakland. They will reside temporarily In
Pomona. In the fall Mr. Brink, accompa
nied by his wife, will attend the theo
logical school In Chicago.
William Frledrlch I>raeger, Frederlcka Rosa
Falck, John Warner Klsher. Edward Hoffman.
I?aac L.i(<sett. Irene L*>retta Lynch. Mabel
Irene Relchert, Franklin Austin Stiles. Eliza
beth Gertrude Whaley. Pupils leaving by hon
orable dismissal are: Ethel Dobner, Estelle
Pearl Jackson, Lester Herman Presley. Ed
ward Waldron Veary.
BERKELEY, June 4.— The Institution
for the Deaf. Dumb and Blind will give
a concert next Friday evening. This will
be the last of the musicales before com
mencement. Commencement exercises will
begin at 2:30 o'clock Tuesday afternoon.
June 12. Those who will receive diplomas
are:
CLOSING EXERCISES AT
THE BLIND INSTITUTE
When the case was submitted two
weeks ago, Judge Hall refused a divorce.
He said both parties were to blame and
that as they had chosen their paths, they
would so have to make the best of It.
The question of attorneys' fees will be
decided later.
OAKLAND, June 4.— Judgo Hall made
an order this afternoon directing Alonzo
W. Fink to pay JS5 a month to his wife
for the support of herself and their
daughter. Mrs. Fink asked for $100 a
month, but the court deemed the smaller
amount sufficient to supply the needs of
herself and daughter. Fink, who is a
well-known commission merchant of San
Francisco, was sued several months &go
by his wife for a divorce on the pround
of extreme cruelty. The case, which was
tried behind closed doors, was replete
with sensational testimony. The plaintiff
accused her husband of gross cruelty,
while he in turn brought counter-charges
to the effect that Mrs. Fink had accepted
the attentions of other men. Letters of
an alleged incriminating character were
offered in evidence by the defendant's at
torneys. Messrs. Reed and Frlck, and the
charges made by Mrs. Fink were bitterly
(ought.
FINK MUST PAY EIGHTY
FIVE DOLLARS A MONTH
9
"At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors this morning the question was
brought up, and it was decided to bring
suit against County Assessor Henry P.
Dalton for the recovery of $3323 13, the
amount claimed to be illegally held by
him as his commission on the collection of
poll taxes for last year.
Dalton claims the money in question un
der a provision of the county government
act. which allows the Assessors of coun
ties of the first class to retain 15 per cent
of all moneys collected as poll tax. The
county contests the Assessor's right to
the money under a different section of
the act, which provides that all such
moneys must be paid at once into the
county treasury.
The refusal of Assessor Dalton to turn
the disputed amount into the treasury has
given rise to serious complications In the
apportionment of the State school fund.
Controller Colgan has refused to make an
allowance for Alameda County until he
has received all the money he claims is
due, and consequently until the matter
is settled the schools of this county must
get alorg without State assistance.
The decision of the Sacramento County
Superior Court in the suit of State Con
troller Colgan against Assessor Henry P.
Dalton for the collection of commissions
alleged to have been illegally withheld
for the collection of poll taxes in thla
county has prompted the Board of Super
visors of Alameda County to bring an ac
tion for the recovery of the money. It
was decided by tho Sacramento court
that the State Controller had no legal
right as plaintiff In a suit for the col
lection of poll tax commissions, but that
the Supervisors of this county were the
officials to bring the matter into court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, June 4.
Supervisors to Bring Action
to Recover Poll Tax
Commissions.
Decision of the Sacramento Superior
Court in Suit Brought by Con
troller Colgan Brings Mat
ter to a Focus.
COUNTY WILL
SUE ASSESSOR
HENRY DALTON
Imposing Ceremonies Mark the Ac
ceptance of the Structure by
the Territory.
SANTA FE, N. M., June 4.— The new
capitol of New Mexico was dedicated th!s
afternoon with imposing ceremonies. This
quaint old city was thronged with visitors
from all parts of the Territory. Houses
and streets were richly decorated. A
grand military and civic pageant was re
viewed from the capitol steps by Gover
nor Otero. At 3 o'clock the Governor's
palute was fired and the' monster flag
raised on the lantern cupola above the
dome.
The dedication exercises were held in
the hall of the House of Representatives.
Chief Justice W. J. Mills presided and
made an address. Archbishop Peter Bour
pade offered the dedicatory prayer. Hon.
F. A. Manzanares of Las Vegas delivered
the building over to Governor Otero, who
made an eloquent response, in turn plac
ing the building in charge of the custodian
committee, for which Territorial Secre
tary George H. Wallace made the address
Ex-Governor L. nradford Prince deliv
ered the oration of the day.
In the evening the Territorial officials
pave a reception at the capitol and the
Woman's Koar.l of Trade a ball at the
Palace Hotel. The capitol was illuminated
with 2000 electric lights.
Thp new capitol takes the place of the
one destroyed by incendiaries in 1S91. The
building Is classic in architecture and
built of sandstone, granite and pressed
yellow brick.
MANIAC WHO LIVES
WILD IN THE WOODS
Strange Actions of a Demented
Young Man Frighten the Inhabi
tants of Syndicate Camp.
Special r>!spat~h to The Call.
MONTEREY. June 4.— News has been
received from the vicinity of Syndicate
Camp, on the upper Carmel. that consid
erable alarm is being caused among the
inhabitants of that section by a lunatic.
Some time ago a young man, apparently
worn out with fatigue and Illness and
claiming to have come recently from Ohio,
arrived at the camp and asked a night's
lodging at one of the houses. He was
taken in by the family, but the next
morning he disappeared and has since
been seen only at intervals. He lives ap
parently in the chaparral and when ap
proached by any one he immediately t;ik<-s
flight and hides. When last seen his
clothes were In tatters, and as he has
nothing to eat except what ho finds In the
woods It is feared he will die of starva
tion and exposure unless captured and
placed under surveillance.
The young man bore the marks of re
finement and is evidently violently Insane.
No clew to his identity has yet been ob
tained.
LARGE TRACTS TO BE
OPENED TO SETTLERS
Agreement Reached by Conferees of
the Senate and. the
House.
¦WASHINGTON. June 4.— A conference
agreement was reached to-day on a bill
which opens to settlement about 2,400,000
acres of public land. Senator Shoup of
Idaho originally proposed the bill opening
to settlement the old Fort Hall. Idaho,
military reservation, containing about
400.000 acVes. Delegate Flynn in the House
secured an amendment similarly opening
a tract of about 2.000.000 acres In the
Kiowa and Comanchc lands In Southwest
Oklahoma. The conference has covered
many weeks and has been very stubborn.
The Indians first receive allotments of
Oklahoma lands of ISO acres each, with
4S0.0U0 acres to be held in common by
them, the balance of 2,000.000 acres being
opened to homestead settlers at $1 25 per
acre.
HONORS FOB WHEELER.
"Fighting Joe" Soon to Be Made a
Brigadier General.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— There fs reason
to believe that the President has decided
to appoint General Joe Wheeler a briga
dier-general in the regular army to fill
the vacancy which will be created by the
confirmation by the Senate of the nomina
tion of General Otis to be a major gen
eral. His nomination was sent to the
Senate some days ago and it is believed
that the President is only awaiting the
favorable action of that body before send
ing in General Wheeler's name. It Is as
serted by personal friends of General
Wheeler that it Is his purpose to retire
within a short time after his appoint
ment.
¦ ? ¦
Jud/sship for Hazel.
WASHINGTON. June 4.— The Judiciary
Committee of the Senate has favorably
reported the nomination of John R. Hazel
of New York to be Judge of the Western
District of New York. Only one vot« was
cast against him.
NEW CAPITOL OF NEW
MEXICO IS DEDICATED
WRONGED Gil L'S MOTHER
DELAYS A LYNCHING
Los Ang-eles Police Believe They Have
Caught the Thug Who Shot
W. J. Breckenridge.
Special IMFpatch ts The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 4.— In the person
n f Walter H. Watson, who is under ar
rest; it is believed that one of the mur
<*. • r- us footpads who shot to death \V. J.
Br. okf nridg^ Saturday night has been
onpiured. His supposed accomplice, James
Murray, is also under arrest.
V.'atson is a young boiler-maker, who
with George Dlxon was some time apo
arrested for holding up and robbing Fred
Phillips. Watson and Murray were taken
Into the presence of J3r>-ckenridge. who
identified them as his assailants, but his
>'.<>nth agony was so intense that in his
post mortem statement he rambled. Their
presence proved such ? shock that Breck
erridge died within an hour after the pris
oners left. Many citizens have identified
Watson and Murray and with their in
carceration it is expected that the era
i f highway robbery will cease.
Watson to-day was placed on trial in
the Superior Court for the assault upon
Phillips, who idontifie-d his assailants.
Watson's mother an<! sisf-r have oome to
his aid arid through th-'-ir evidence in the
Breckrnridge case an alibi is sought to be
established.
During the past »hree months forty
holdups havo been reported ' with" two
brut.i! murders as a «equel and the
wounding of Judge H. C. Gooding. who
Btill carries a bullet In his right lung.
REDDING, June 4.— Frank Curry, a
Southern Pacific brakeman, was run over
while switching a freight train at the
KcEwick station this morning. His hips |
were terribly crushed. He was taken to
a hospital in Sacramento. Curry is '
about 40 years old. ile has a wife and i
three children in Dun? — * 4 - •
Brakeman Badly Hurt.
Dr. Jordan Will Endeavor to Secure
Specimens of Rare Fishes. .•'%¦':'
Fl^claJ I»!Fratrh to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 4.-
Presiderst Jordan, accompanied by John
O. Er.ydcr. instructor In zoology, will
leave next Wedr.eFday for a three months'
trip to Japan to collect specimens of fish
obtainable in that country.
Mr. Otoki. a former student at Stan
ford, will meet them on their arrival in
Japan and will act as Interpreter In In
terviews between tho p.iny and the na
tives. They will visit Yokohama and To-
Klo and hope to secure some specimens of
fresh-water fish from I>nUo Bolwa The
zoology <i<-partment has been investigating
Japanese fishes for the past two years and
{several newspaper articles have before ap
peared on this subject as a result of time
thus ppent. Dr. Jordan and party will
return about the 15th of September and
expect to bring with them many new and
Interesting specimens.
Timothy Hopkins has materially aided
tn«» expedition fcv a liberal cash donation
to assist in defraying the expenses.
Buying Burlington Stock.
NEW VJHK. June 4.-Erokers often
Identified with Van«lcrb!lt affairs said to
day there was snrae foundation for the re
ported movement by which the Union Pa
cific. Pennsylvania and Chicago and Al
ton Interests will take an interest In Bur
lington affairs. Reports have been cur
rent on the streets for some time that a
large part of the buying of Burlington
was on orders from a large international
banking house and tho stock accumulat
ed was turned over to and carried by a
prominent trust company here.
GOING TO JAPAN.
NTTW ORLEANS, June 4.— The Demo
cratic State Convention at Baton Rouge
to-day elected as delegates at large to the
Kansas City convention Senator 8. D. Mc-
Erery. Senator-elect M. J. Foster, ex-
Ser.ator N*. C. Blanchard and ex-Mayor
John Fitzpatrlck.
The platform adopted Instructs the del
egates to vote for W. J. Bryan, reaffirms
allegiance to the Chicago platform, de
nounces the Imperialistic policy of the
present administration as un-American,
condemns the rr.nexaticn of the Philip
pines, declarer for the trer-dom of Cuba,
denourees trusts and combinations, op
poses -wars of conquest and colonial pos
session and militarism, favors the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal under
exclusive American control, favors the
election of United States Senators by di
f-et vote of the people and expresses sym
pathy with the Boers.
LOUISIANA DELEGATES
INSTRUCTED FOR BRYAN
MOBILE. Ala.. June 5.— A mob at Mls
cissippi City took a negro named Askew.
rviFj^cteo! of outraging and murdering
Miss "Winterstein late Saturday night,
from jail and went with him to the woods.
The mob's Intention was to make the ne
gro confess. ' An Investigation confirmed
the belief that Askew Is the man who
murdered tho girl. His clothing was
found covered with blood and he could not
explain it.
Undoubtedly the mob would have
hanged the negro then and there, but tho
mother of the young girl sent a message
asking that the man be brought to Hiloxi
fcr her identification. Ask».w will be takf n
to Blloxl about daylight by boat and the
hanging will probably take place there.
Asks for an Opportunity to Identify
a Negro Kurderer Before
He Be Hanged.
MURDEROUS FOOTPAD
NOW UNDER ARREST
At the scene of the attack the ground
¦was torn up as if wild beasts had fought
there. The police have other evidence cor
roborative of the girl's statements. She
swnre to complaints this afternoon
against the three men. Conviction of the
crime carries imprisonment of not less
than five years in a State pentitentiary.
nnd a life sentence can be imposed. The
prisoners say nothing except to make gen
eral denials. The police claim to have a
witness who saw two of the trio in the
vicinity of the scene of the alleged crime
early Sunday rooming.
Miss McGrath got to her home an hour
later. Dr. Wilkes was summoned at once
and found his patient in a critical condi
tion. Her face was beaten out of recog
nition. The young woman's relatives re
luctantly reported the affair to the police.
Detectives Kyte and Hamerton and a
half-dozen patrolmen were sent out and
captured Keating and Cronin at the rail
road yards, where they worked as car
cleaners. Miss McOrath knew them.
As she turned the corner the three men
accused sprang upon her and she was
knocked down. In the struggle which fol
lowed the helpless girl's head was beaten
and kicked. She was hammered about
the body, and after succumbing to the
violence was assaulted.
Saturday night. In company with a
friend. Miss McGrath attended the fes
tivities of the Portuguese celebration at
the hall on lower Peralta street. During
the evening she became separated from
her companion. Through some oversight
her father, who was. to escort her home
failed to appear. The hour being late'
Miss McGrath started home. She reached
the corner of Sixteenth and Kirkham
streets about 1:30 o'clock Sunday morning.
This was a block and a half from her
home.
Chief of Police Hodgkirs has telegraphed
the missintr man's description throughout
the State The entire detective force and
every policeman has been directed to ex
ert every effort to cupture him.
Kicked and beaten into insensibility after
a desperate fight with three men, Maud
McGratm, 19 years old, lies prostrated at
her home, 1411 Kirkham street, the victim,
according to tho police, of a most out
niRt'ous and brutal assault. James Ke* 1 *
inj; and John «;ronin, two of the accused
men. are in custody, held by Police Judge
Smith in $10,000 bail. The third member
cf the trio eharg.d with the horrible
crime is William Eaton, who has disap
peared.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Iiroadway. June 4.
Two of the Accused Assailants in
Custody Under Heavy Bonds,
While the Third Has
Disappeared.
>
Horrible Story of Violence
Charged in Complaint of
Maud McGrath.
GIRL VICTIM OF
THE BRUTALITY
OF THREE MEN
The Oakland Tribune has started a fund
Tor the families of the dead trainmen
ar.d has alrr-ndy raised over JIWO for them
by subscriptions.
The railroad company has opened nego
tiations with the widows for a settlement
of their claims asrain^t the eompanv. As
the> accident was clearly the result of
carelcpFnoss upon the part of the switch
men the claims of the widows would be
good and the company is anxious to com
promise thorn.
The dismissal of thesj men from the
fervice of the Southern Pacific means
that they will rot be employed again by
th*> company unless they are first rein
stated. Jt amounts practically to placing:
tnr-lr names on the black list.
The two trainmen who were killed In
this wreck— Er.plnocr Shaw and Fireman
"'etzell — left families and very fmall es
tates. Fireman WV-tzell had an insurance
policy which expired the day after ho
was killed and this sum was saved to
his family.
The Southern Paeiflc Company has com-
X"«!ot£d its investigation of the causes of
ihe recent wreck of the Oakland local
train on Alameda Point and as a result
the yard crew which was on duty at the
time the wreck occurred has been -lis
oharpM. This action Indicates that the
comrc.ny believes that A. R. McCune. the
Fwitchman. who actually did leave the
switch oprn. was not the only man who
was responsible. The n-.on dismissed from
the service are Yardmas'.cr Joseph Stro
rner and Fwitehmen A- R. McCune and
1- rar.k K. 15urn*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June 4.
Yerdmaster Stromer and Switchman
IsIcCune and Burns Held Moral
ly Itesponsible for the
Disaster.
Railroad Company Places
Blame for Alaineda Point
Wreck.
SWITCH CREW
IS DISMISSED
FROM SERVICE
LOS ANGELES. June 4J— Pablo Parez,
wanted in Tucson, Ariz., to answer to a
charge of counterfeiting, was arrested
here yesterday by Government secret ser
vice agents. -He wjll be taken to Arizona
at once.
Wanted for Counterfeiting.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 4-Stmr Fries
land, from Antwerp.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 4— Stmr Ems
from Naples, for New -York.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Juno 4— Schr Philippine, for
San Francisco. - .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Colonel L. B. Hare, Thirty-third Infantry, to
be brigadier general: Colonel J. H. Smith,
Seventeenth Infantry, to be brigadier general;
Daniel A. Ray to be United States Marshal of
Hawaii.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The Senate in
executive session confirmed the following
nominations:
OAKLAND, June 4.— For the purpose of
frustrating an expected attempt of his
wife to abduct their little child, William
E. Watkins obtained from the Superior
Court this afternoon an order restraining
his wife from leaving the city with Hazel
Watkins, 4 years old.
Watkins and his wife have been separ
ated for over a month and the woman
has Beveral times threatened to remove
the child out of reach of its father.
After obtaining the restraining order
this - afternoon. Watkins posted himself,
at the Sixteenth-street depot and proceed
ed to watch all outgoing trains. He was
fearful that his wife would attempt to
steal away on the evening train for Sac
ramento, but she did not appear at the
station.
a Watkins says he had not yet considered
divorce proceedings against his wife, but
simply wants the custody of. the . child.
He is employed by a local laundry com-
TRIES TO PREVENT
ABDUCTION OF CHILD
SAN JOSE. June 4.— E. E. Brownell of
this city and W. Coleman of Redwood
School, near Gilroy, were this afternoon
elected members of the County Board of
Education by the Supervisors. Brownell
succeeds himself and Coleman takes the
plad? of R. C. Strong.
Named School Directors.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call
BERKELEY. June 4.— William Green,
who was arrested last Saturday in the act '
of stealing jewelry from the burning
dwelling of William Wayne, on Woolsey
street, has been charged with burglary.
He was at first charged with petty lar
ceny. Deputy Constable Preston made the
charge.
Green Charged with Burglary.
OAKLAND. June 4.— Henry , Austin
Adams, the distinguished Catholic lectur
er, who has recently been giving a course
of addresses in San Francisco, delivered
his eloquent discourse this evening on
Cardinal Newman. The lecture was given
at St. Francis de Sales Hall before a
large audience. The affair was under the
direction of the Catholic Truth Society.
Henry Austin Adams Lectures.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— Dr. C. L. Tisdale
conducted an autopsy to-day on the body
of the man that was found floating In
the bay off the narrow-gauge mole yes
terday. Death was found to have been
caused by drowning. . Th~e Indentations
on each side of the head were pronounced
the result of contact against sharp
rocks. No one has yet appeared to Iden
tify the body.
Was Drowned, Not Shot.
Maria Graham commenced suit to-day
for a divorce from William Graham, She
alleges desertion as the ground for her
complaint.
OAKLAND. June 4.— Judpe Hall to-day
granted a divorce to Adelina R. Raum
from John M. Raum on the ground of
cruelty. The custody of the two minor
children, aged 5 and 6 years, was award
ed to the plaintiff. The court reserves tho
question of permanent alimony. Raum
Is a well-known resident of Alameda. He
has passed three score and ten, while his
former wife is less than half his
age.
MRS. RAUM GRANTED
DECREE OF DIVORCE
Finally reverses came and William Al-
, len. man of law, was compelled to travel
from place to place, making his living
as best he could. Old friends deserted
him and he was well nigh forgotten,
when In March. 1S9S, he was arrested on
complaint of John Lindeman, who
charged him with obtaining valuable
property by fraud.
Lindeman swore in the Superior Court
that Allen had come to him with the pre
tense that he was the owner cf valuable
property in Contra Costa County which
he was willing to trade for the hotel
business conducted by Lindeman in the
Windsor block. The hotel was assigned
to Allen, but he never carried out his
agreement with regard to the country
real estate. According to his ¦ accuser.
Lindeman, he sold the hotel furniture and
would have left the country had he not
been apprehended. -;"•¦:
, After a short trial Allen, was found
guilty and Judge Opden Imposed a sen
tence of five years in San Quentin. An
appeal was taken to the Supreme Court
and pending a decision the old man was
locked up in the County Jail. There ho
remained until his sudden death relieved
him from his earthly responsibilities.
William. H. Allen was born in Kentucky
75 years ago. He Had no relatives, so far
as known, with the exception of a son,
William C. Allen, who is emploved bv
Otto Muser of, Vineyard Station, Sonoma
County.
Allen was at one time known all over
the State as a successful attorney. Ho
had olHces in San Francisco and number
ed many people of wealth among his
clients.
OAKLAND, June 4.— Aged William
II. Allen died suddenly in hta cell
in the County Jail this afternoon
after two years spent behind the
bars, awaiting the decision of the Su
preme Court on his appeal from a sen
tence of five years in the penitentiary
for fraud. Heart disease was the imme
diate cause of death, but the old man had
suffered for several months with an af
fection of the lungs.
Bartender KillB iiimself.
REDDING, June *.— B. T. Crawford, a
bartender. 2S years of age, committed sui
cide at his home in Weavervllle, Trinity
County, yesterday afternoon. He Bhot
himself through the heart and died in
stantly. He leaves a mother and one
married Bister in Sacramento and another
married sister in Sisklyou County. Two
half-brothers reside in Trinity County,
Crawford had been drinking Sunday,
but was in good spirits. He told some
friends that he would commit suicide
They took the revolver away from him.
He then went to his home, got another
pistol, sat down on the front porch and
fired. '••¦:>
Confectioner Ends His Life.
LOS ANGELES. June 4.— W, L. Holbe.
a confectioner, shot and killed himself
at his home on Twentieth street to-day
He was considered Insane. He leaves a
wife and family. .
Special DtKFitch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 4.— Last Frlday'9
election of School Trustees at Tiburon has
thrown the county officials Into consider
able trouble. \V. R. Hansen, J. J. Wosser
and Miss Kate O'Connor were candidates.
All three were duly -elected, but it has
been ascertained that Miss O'Connor is
only 17 years of age, and therefore in
eligible to public office.
The election was further complicated by
the fact that the majority of the voters
had failed to get on the new register, ns
required by law. This in itself, it is held,
would invalidate the • election. County
Superintendent of SchoolH Robert Furlong
ssays that the whole election Is void.
San Rafael May Have to Select New
School Trustees.
ELECTION IS VOID.
Carry Supplies and Material to Build
Military Barracks in the Far
North.
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 4.— Two Gov
ernment transports, the S«ward and Athe
nian, will sail to-morrow for Nome. The
former will have General Randall, mill
tan.- commander of the Department of
Alaska, and several members of his staff
as passengers, • amoni; them Captain
Richardson, Dr. Ebert, Lieutenant
Hicock and • Captain Bethel, judge advo
cate. Major Binprham and Major Tucker
and Captain Walker are to take passage
on the transport Lawton, which sails next
Wednesdav.
The Seward will have as cargo COO tons
of commissary storep for distribution
among the four military posts on the Yu
kon at Kort Gibbon, Fort Epbert, Ram
part and Circle City. Fort Gibbon is lo
cated at the mouth of the Tanana near
the town of Weare. Fort Egbert is sit
uated in the outskirts of the town. of
KaRle City. .While there are military de
tachment? at both Circle City and Ram
part neither is a resularly constituted
post.
The Reward was to have sailed to-night,
but was delayed in loading. She is com
manded by Captain J. C. Downing. The
Athenian will have as passengers 130 civil
ians, mainly mechanics, under the super
vision of Lieutenant Knudson. They will
be employed in the construction of the
army post buildines and barracks at
Nome and St. Michael. 'The Athenian's
earKO consists of 130.000 feet of lumber.
4(W tons of coal. 4 large lighters and S4
horses and mules.
Exercises at Divinity School.
Special nisrmtch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, June 4.— The Church Di
vinity School of this city will hold an
an ordination session of the graduating
class on June 7. The exercises will take
place in St. Matthew's Church at 10 a, m.
The Rteht Rev. Dr. Kendrick, Bishop of
New Mexico and Arizona, will preach the
permon. Intending visitors from San
Francisco should take the 9 a. m. train
from there.
After the services Bishop and Mrs.
Nichols will entertain with a lunch at the
Hotel Mateo.
At 3 p. m. evening prayer will be said
at the Divinity School by the newly or
dained clrrfcy.
The alumni service was held this even
ing: in the Church of St. Matthew. Rev.
G. M. Cutting preached the sermon.
TWO ARMY TRANSPORTS
WILL SAIL FOR NOME
Reception-C. MeHenry. E. Swann. H.
Plath. J. C. Conklln, L. W. Hale. S. O. Fales
of Mission Lodge; Dr. Herrinifton. Joseph Ha
gran. F. W. Ooddard, L. KraddocU. Louis
Klein, Feverlno Rossi, of California Lodee; F.
H. Schott. Frank MarinI, M. Estudillo, E.
Schuller, M. Gomez and J. Dowd.
Games-J, W. Murphy, chairman: O. W
Tanjrye ,T. Comoesel. George W. Filbert and
J. D. Heise. i
Floor mana per— Thomas M. Millar; assistant
floor manager— K. E. Kimball; floor— M. Cal
deron. J. M. Kelly. Q. B. Rogerson and P. H.
. Arrangements— Fred L. Griffiths, chairman:
A. Cahierom vice chairman: O. Jensen secre
tary: S ML Reynold*, treasurer; R. Murden.
L). Parker, G. A. Mauerhan. L. Viscarl and
T. Estudino.
A special train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 9:13 a. m.. stopping
at h Tw £ nty «- fifth and Valencia streets,
where Mission Lodge will join the excur
sionists in a body. The affair will be in
charge of the following committees:
California. Golden Gate and Mission
lodges of the Independent Order of Ovid
Fellows, Manchester Unity, will give their
annual excursion and picnic at the grove
in the pretty town of Los Gatos, In the
Santa Cruz Mountains, on Thursdav next
A. fine programme of grames and races has
been arranged for the occasion and a
large band will discourse the-latest dance
music.
They Will Hold a Picnic at Los
Gatos on Thursday
Next.
ODD FELLOW LODGES
TO HAVE AN OUTING
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE , 5, 1900.
CO-EDS PLAYED BASKET
BALL AGAINST ORDERS
What was worse they had to face the
faculty and answer the charge of dis
obedience when they returned. They
pleaded that they did not play as the
university of California team. After hav
ing every guilty co-ed before them the
faculty thought it best to quietly drop
the matter and the terrified girls escaped.
I he members of the team were: Gert
rude Longmoro, manager: Louise Lin
scott. captain; May Haworth, Alma Stock
well. Emma Stoer. A Hie Kelshay, Alice
Farno and Ethel Catton.
Palo Alto. There they met the Stanford
team, which had become "The Violets."
The game was played and the Berkeley
co-eds went down to defeat by a score of
6 to 3.
BERKELEY, June 4.— The University
of California basket ball team in
curred the displeasure of the fac
ulty of the university just as the
term closed, and though attempts were
made to keep the matter quiet the fact
has leaked out that the frame formed the
subject of an investigation by the pro
fessors. The young ladies were accused
of having disobeyed an order of the fac
ulty and they were all ordered to make
explanations. They proved to the faculty
that they had very skillfully evaded its
order nnd as the term was about to closo
the matter was allowed to drop. But th?
investigation made the young ladles who
composed the team nervous while It
lasted.
Just before the close of the unlverslty
the faculty issued an order to the basket
ball team that they should not play a
game with any other college during the
term. Then the team from Stanford Uni
versity sent a challenge to the Berkeley
co-eds. At first the Berkeley team with
stood the temptation to meet their rivals,
but the youiiK ladies from Palo Alto made
the dare more emphatic and the Berkeley
co-eds could stand it no longer. But
there was the faculty order to overcome.
That was easily done. They changed the
name of the team to "The Maprnolias."
dropped one of the regular players and
one morning they all boarded a train for
WILLIAM H. ALLEN.
ii§r^ l& PILLS
Positively cured by UieS3
rattle fills.
They 2I30 .relieve Distress frost CyspspcSBe
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper*
feet rem*dy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad. Tasted the Mf^h^ Coated Tcngm
Pain la the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowds. . Purely Vegetable. }
Small Pin. ' Small Dose.
Small P?!co»<
Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
BOSTOX. U. a A.
JAMES M. CRAFTS. President.
Courses In engineering, architecture, chem-
letry, physics, biology and general studies. En-
trance examinations at Belmont. Jun* 2S and
29. in charge of W. T. Reid. A. M.. at tn*
Belmont School. Belrr.ont. Cal.
For all Information address
H. W. TYLER. Secretary.
491 Boylston St., Boston.
OCEAJj TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•» Steamers leave Broadway
*k^ wharf, 9an Francisco:
H»w For Alaskan ports— 11 a. rv.
i*$r338k. Juae R - 10> 13> :0 - i5> !0 ' Ju!r
r>'i> i £w^!9k 8 - Change tr> company 1 *
t"^K EF^lVst^ stpam^rs at Seattle.
«US|jHl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
hgQMflfflwl O, Port Townsend. Seattle^
I %^^ihsa Taccma. Fverett. Anacortes
and New Whateom (Wa.»h.)—
11 a. m.. June 5. 19. 15, JO. 13.
SO. July 8, and every fifth day thereafter;
rfcanr* at Peattle to thla comnany's steamers
for Alaska and O. X. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Hnmboldt Bay— 19 a. m., Jan*
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. July 2, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Fanfa Croa. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncot. Port Harford fSan Luis Oblspo>. Oaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenerne. San Pednx
East Ban Pedro (Lcs AnsMe*) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 4. 8, 12. 1*. ?0. 24. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Pieso. utopptnar only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OMspoV Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <T. —> Angeles) — II a.
m.. June 1. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 28, 30. July 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For F-nsenada. Ma«rda>na. Bay, San X">s* d?t
Cabo. Mazatlaa. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico — 10 a. in.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folden. _ _
The company reserves the right to ehnn*»
steamers, sailing dates ar.J hours of sallinc
¦withotit rrevlrrn* notlc*.
TICKKT OFPICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HnteO.
COODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From SDear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC S12 First Class Including Bert:-i
rAntl $3 Second Class and Meal3.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 2. 12. 22. July 2
COLUMBIA sails June 7. 17. 27. July 7
Short Un* to 'Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to a.11 points East.
E. C. WARD. General A rent.
€30 Market st.
GOODALU PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
CAPE NOME FREIGHT
Accommodations for 230 head • livestock and
1500 tons freight on first-class steamer for
Nome may be had by applylne Immediately
to A. OTTTNGER.
CM Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
nrv T02X. SOirfHAXCTO". LOKDO*. TXZXX
Stopplnjr at Cberboaix. 'westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 19 a. ra.
St. Paul Jane 6 (St Louis July 4
Pt Louis June 13 New Tork July 11
St. Paul Juae 27 JSt. Paul July IS
RED STAJ* LIN2.
rt«v* Yor\ and Antwrers.
From New Tork every Wednesday, tS noon.
Noordland Jens ffWesternlaad ...June 27
Frlesland June 13 Kensington ....July 4
Southwark Juna 20 1 Noordland July IX
EMPIRE LINE.
S. 8. ••OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May Jtth. Subsequent sailln** from
Peattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June SO, July 31. Aurust 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANPORTATIOM CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WHJ* LEAVE WHARF* COR-
oer First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for TOKOHA-MA and HONOKONO. ral'.'nj at
Kobe iHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkor.gr with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinr-
SS. HONQKONO MARTT
Thursday. June 14. 1909
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July ». is<jo
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August X 130*
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trlD tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. G«nera! Ac*nt.
COSPAQNIB GENE3ALS TBAK3ATLASTI3UE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^»-^
galling every Thursday Instead of OyT^
Saturday, from November J. 1S39. at w*«rw3S*
10 a. »-«. from Pl*r 42. North River, foot or
Morton si LA BRETAGNE. June T: LA LOK-
RAINE. June 14; LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21:
L'AQUITAINE. June 28. First class to Havre.
$(0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip Second elass to Havre. $45: 5 per cent
reduction en round trip. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, a
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUOAZI tt CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3
Montgomery av»nue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCKEW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH <LONDON>. CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMITURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLTMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW TORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. S7 B'dWy. N. T.
PARI3 HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before derarture.
HERZOO A CO.. Oen. Arts, for Pacifls Coast.
401 California St.. corner Sanscme. S. F.
0CTEAXIC S. S. CO.— HOSOtttr, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNKY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13, S p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday, June 27. 1DC0. 3 p. m.
I. 0. S?RECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aijts.. M Mont;onier)
Piar 7. Fmi Pacific St Freight Cfflr-. ?2> M?r!«»t St
UA0IIAO ¦ • m tw- HATHOB. .aSOO ToasJ
fllvOlllvO LIlli-LOXua ...OCOOTonJ
____ SSUAPia .4000 Tonal
KontUly mWrg far Valparaiso and Ham&urx ,
1 via Mexican p«rt». Ontral. Soul>i America, etc. j
S.S. Luxor. fSOO tons, sails about June J. ¦
LD araSCXILS a nBOS. f O.. itmK tH -lutcaasryStJ
>\, r ", T-'rrl«»t OQ~. WirtHlf.tw »r.» •« J
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YAILEJ3.
Steamer "Monticella."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Eat. at »:45
a- m.; J:15, »:» n> m. <ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 1:20: Sundays. 10.30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mlanlon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. .r.--
FARE S3*
Prevents Sickness,
and Prolongs Life.
At Druggists, *1 a bottle.
Bend for pamphlet to
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., S. F.
Sensations
of Languor
and weakness. If frequently or
continuously felt, without apparent
cause. Indicate the system is run
Jown, that the fountain of vitality,
the blood, does not sufficiently sup-
ply the demands made upon It by
the system. Disease will certainly
result If this symptom of weakness
is not heeded and Drompt defensive
measures taken. These should con-
sist in the use of a well chosen
.•emedy. We conscientiously advlsQ
ELECTROZON'E. a restorative In-
dorsed by thousands of people
throughout America. The feeling
of langour indicates approaching
disease. The principal cause Is Im-
pure blood. ELECTROZON'E acts
on the blood and removes all Im-
purities. It is a positive cure for
languor, weakness and nervousness.
ELECTROZONETliE SAN FKAXCISCO CALi., TUESDAY, JUNE 5, _<X)0.
10
SXX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS -OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nls_t Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; cpen until 8:20 p. m.
t'<i Hayes rtreet; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister street: open until 9:80 p. m.
C15 1.: rk'-r 1 . etrcert.; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
1M1 Mitsloa etreet; opea until 10 p. m.
_X1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open «»•
ultp.ni.
iO« Eleventh street; open until » p. m .
1C96 Valencia street: open until S p. — '
Northwest corr.er Twenty-second and Ken-
tucigr etre«tj=: cpen until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALirORNIA Chapter No. S. R. A. M.. «»,
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) *_*»-_%
ING. June 5. at 7:20 o'clock. gta -* e!j 7W>
meeting and M. SI. degree. By order f^
° f thC H FR*ANK:_tN H. DAY. Becret-ry.
COLUHN Gat- Lodce *•'•_», IfJSg. A
A _L— PtRt.'d raeetipe THIS (iLU «?%•
EV ggg q _: fi^g ggg^_____
PACIFIC I>D<J=-e No. TSS. F. and A. «
ETTENINO ex V o'clock. f<*if\
A. S. HTTBBARD. Secretary. /
MAGNOLIA Loire No. 23. L O. O. .^^j^.
P.— Surlness o: Importance aTia ?3_Scv>5_
election of officers THIS CTTES-
2£&=? S!!Stnc - MOT J b '_Ri_--o-. V. o.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
PAF.-KKR Lofire No. Bt. L O. O.
P.— E3ectlcn of officers n-.d S-W-*.nEK|
amendment to by-laws THIS
KV_XXKC _^ _ yoRTHROP. N. O.
AUSTRIAN Be_*voler.t Society— Of- %rt2£>
f.-ers _-i members ar* hereby notl- i-3fw4i?
fled to _tt<r.d your quarterly meet- YMM3*=T
ing- "EBXESDAT EVEN'INO. June ' *»~'
a, 1SOC: also donation and approjM-lation will
take plac*. Ey order of
/. „ RADOVICrl. President.
A~Q. MIKXTLICH. Recording Secretary.
A. O H_ IJIVISION No. 2.— The rsgulai S-,^^
— or.thly rr. #>T < .nr cf This tflvieioo will _\\V.4f
be heM at H!ber_'._ Hall. 120 Ninth et., <Bt''> v jf
on TUESDAY. Jur.e 5. at T:SO p. m. tQWdSl
Nora_ailcn of officers fcr ensuing r _"*_*^
term. F".ne« for non-attendance will be
etrictfy er.fcrced. BAHTLEY LEE. Prem.
T. L, CLAX'T. Sec
AGENTS WANTED.
S2M0 CAN b« made <iurfr._ next « month* by
hustling arente handing our white and fancy
rubber cellars, cuffs, bosorna, neckties; patent-
ed —__—iteed sroods; Incloee etam p for spe-
cial plan. M. & M. Mfg. Co., Spring-field. Mass.
AS honest proposition for a Rood man or
woe--— . Room S61. Pa— ott buliain z.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of E~ .-pt preateet astrol-
ofrist and palmist In the world; satisfaction
S-ua— .cteed. 10 Powell Et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADTTCE free; divorce law a ppecialty; private;
no fee without ruccess; collections. G. T5*.
HOWE, atty. at la—. SSO Market. cor. Stockton.
R. -VV. KING. 827~~M>u-ket et.. room €27; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free; no chtrpe unless euccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. J~ Market rt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Err.rna Ppreckels blCg-.. P27 Mar-
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATH CABINET — HOT AIR, VAPOR.
KOBINSON 15 4-p_nel folding; doer opens; firm.
and Far*. W. S. BROWN'. g«>n. agt.. 423 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARES. ~~
~~ ~
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
Capital stock 123,000.
A— r ST— de or Etr-la of wrsirrml you want.
From j: to £>00.
If not es represented rasr mosey refunded.
We have a Cne lot cf Belgian Hare Capons,
from II CO to t2 each. —II in prime con diticn
lor •._- table.
GEORGE A. YOUN3. ___a~x,
Ala— e^a, Cal.
O/AREMOVT Belgian Hare Association — Dors
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
S:0 to JJO; best rtrcJn youn_Eters, £2 to $15.
«C'16 Tflf— aph av*.. Oakland.
FOR faJ» — Very fine stock of fciffh-score. pedi-
greed I>-Uria_ haree. eJl ecored by Mrs. Bus-
JOOS=* Suiter Ft.. Fan Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2_U Flllmore et..
San FracciFco. Cal.— Send 6c In ctamps fcr
book on car* and fe<vlir.c
BELGIAN Hare S— nitari urn— Treatment of rick
hares; positive enuffle cure. DR. JACOBS,
1C1C Turk st.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN' HARE C..60J Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. P.: £00 rabbits for sale cheap.
BICYCLES — For Sale or exchange.
HOW is this? Allen sells good new bicycles for
ga. Stt Larkln Ft., ooreer McAllister.
XEW CT«"veland bicycles: better than ever; JiD.
LEAVITT & BILL. 809 Larkln BtT
GREAT tp.ritkir.s in eeoor-d-hanil bioyclea; from
!5 ur: eerd for list. LEAVTTT & BILL, 3M
Larkin rt.. San Pranol<*co.
DOOLCS >EW A>D OLD.
6CKOOL BOOKS bought and exch_creo\
Holme* Book Co.. 7<"»4 Mission *t.. near Third.
BrSLXESS CHANCES.
A— $2TSe; TRANSFER corner on Mission s_. In-
cluding bu'.2£!n&; ground rent, $2-?; lease of 4
years; flrst-clats; leaving for Europe; not all
c_ sh necessary. R. G. WTLKH, 2£V» Kearny.
A— >300; CORNER cigar store with card room.
close to orner Market and Powell sts.; a rare
c__-ce. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearay st.
? — J2/C-; BAZAR and rta tlonery; choicest loca-
tion on Valencia Et. ; rent tl5; 2 living rooms;
great b_ r_ain; owner must cell quick; Nome
fever. Call R. O. WILKi;. 2C% Kearny st.
A— :r '¦'•: VERT best location: saloon close to
Powell —ad Market et*.; business first class;
only patronized by beet people; a rare chance.
Call R, G. WILKE. JC>i Kearny st.
X— 41000; CANDY route; *s_bl. 20 years; all
c«_h trade, clearing about S150 per month.
C_il R. O. WILKE!. 2CH Kearny st.
_— *t50; COHNER grocery and bar. with 4 Ilv-
lng rooms; south of Market St.; a cood pay-
ing business and rare cha nee. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— 53JC; CORNER s&Ioon; rent $1S; choicest lo-
cation south of Market st. ; place doing a r'"A
raying business, but parties can't agree. Call
R. G. WILKE. SC% Kearny st.
A— S3J0; CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living roomB. on Geary st.: low rent
end good paying business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
tSSO — PARTNER !n stationery, candy, notion
and cigar rtore, with billiard parlors and bar-
ber shop; fine country town; large stock: fine
business; bargain. LANE & CO.. S& Mrkt.
$760— BAKERY —id dellc* cy; elegant fixtures;
pleasant living rooms; with furniture If de-
clred; a snap. LANE & CO., SCS Market St.
JCOO— DELICACY, canned goods, butter and eggs,
pleaea-t living roomi s; on principal etreet; do-
ing ete_dy each bus. Lane & Co.. SC5 Market.
J55O— DRYOOODS. notions, echool supplies. Ht-
lcg rootr.*; cheap rent. Lane _: Co.. 8S5 Mkt.
|C50— NOTIONS, school eupplles. dgara and to-
bacco: '.;-.:.« rooms. LANE & CO.. 8C5 Mkt.
J0O0 — HOTEL end resta_r_nt on prominent St.;
old established place; excellent business; fine
chance for m&n and wire. LANE & CO ,
SS5 Market.
fcs->— BUTCHER — -rket: established 25 years;
good location. Mclaughlin _ co:. 77714
Market it.
J7£0— 6ALOON near city; departure cause of
eale. McLAUGIILXN & CO.. 777% Market.
JliOO— CORNER ealoo— _nd lunch house: slck-
r.ess cause of sale. McLAUGKL-N & CO..
777 Market st.
J2S0— BUTTER. "egg and provision route; horse,
wagen; bargain. McLa-ghlin & Co.. 777H Mkt.
JI5&— RESTAUHANT; bargain; going t<> Eu-
rcpe cause of sale, lie LA UGH LIN & CO.,
rr«VS Market rt.
FOR Sale—Good paying saloon, centrally lo-
cated, pa. ying S400 a month; the cheapest
r.iace of business In the city: call and inves-
tigate; no agents need apply. S. M. HEY-
H/_\", room £2. Grand Southern Hotel, Sev-
enth and Mission eta., between t and 9 p. m.
DRUGSTORE for sale; store valued at S3000;
Sne cedar fixtures; can be bought Tnr J1500.
Inquire at 251 Twelfth st., near Webster,
Oakland. I to 1! o'clock a. m. - '
PARTNE3 1 for first-cl— ss . restaurtLOt In ooa-
nectlon with — large hotel; some capita 1 re-
c.ulr-d. Address box 4SS7. C— U office.
B/JjOON doing good business; wboleeale dis-
trict: excellent opportunity. Apply at (01
M__et it-, corner FlrtU S_T_3
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
List your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate,
or any kind of business 'with us.
We can sell for cash
Have buyers waiting
$U0— Branch bakery; bargain.
$4iO— Cigar store; Kearny st
$2tO— Daltcacy store; Western Addition.
S1S00 — Express and transfer business; estab-
lished IS years.
$4£0— Grocery and bar; Mission; sunny rooms.
A. ETENBERG CO., 935 Market Bt Phone
Folsom 1843.
A— »9C0: RESTAURANT close to Government
wharf; room* upstairs; owner 7 years there;
receipt* average $25; meals 2So; fine place for
man and wife; going to Europe. STENBERG
CO.. S35 Market st
A— $100; BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; I
blocks from Market; 2 eunny living rms.; low
rent; estab. many yrs. BTENBERG, 933 Mkt.
AT A GREAT BARGAIN ON EASY TERMS.
Modern 6-room and bath cottage, with 3 lots;
gardens, fruit trees and chicken houses. M.
A. BROOKS. 12 Gold*— Gate ave.
GROCERS. HERE'S A TERRIFIC BARGAIN.
JK0— Corner grocery and bar: li newly fur-
nished rooms; always occupied by steady ten-
ants; rent $40, with an advantageous lease; Is
offered for less than invoice value of stock,
fixtures and furniture. M. A. BROOKS. 12
Gold«n Gate a\*e.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, notions, confection-
ery, cigars: selling on account 111 health. M.
A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
_— LIST WHATEVER -— *A
FOR SALE WITH ME
I CAN SELL FOR CASH
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET.
PHONE MINT T9«.
$S00— JUDSTAURANT; Cne paying business;
must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A— $1560; RESTAURANT In country; best to— n
en the coast; owner retiring; poor health;
cleared $5000 In 2 years. KREDO & CO., 36
Geary et.
$700 — HOME bakery and restaurant: milted for
a practical baker with family; established
business. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary st
A SALOON; dining room; 4 living rooms; near
Call bldg. ; sickness. COWING & CO. 719 Mkt
EHOE8TORE for sale; enough for t men; going
north. Address box 43S1, Call ofOoe.
CHEAP— First-class fruit etore. 1217 Bcott et.,
comer of Ellis; party going East
UQCOR etore doing good bar and family trade;
in good locality; great chance. C01 Market st.
FANCY etrlctly up-to-fiata grocery and bar
on prominent corner for sale at & sacrifice.
Box 4382. Call office.
KERN County oil lands; a chance to eet an
Interest in 11.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and get in on the ground floor; these
lands ar« located In the great oil districts of
McKITTHICK. 8UNEET AND KERN RIV-
ER, Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-aseesEable: Investigation solicited.
D. H. MOSTELLER, Agent
Room 864. Parrott Building, S. F.
To rent — For eo*l yard, milk depot, etc.; One
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains S stalls; rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building.
FOR sale — Candy and stationery, stock and fix-
tures: business established seven years;
prominent location; a rare opportunity; sales
average year round $20 per day; prioe $4000;
principals only. Address box 4333, Call office.
$C25 — BAKERY, notions, variety and news
depot; loca. ted la good business block; doing
No. 1 business; 5 tunny furnished rooms;
cheap rent; full Investigation given; clears
$30 per month. Address C. V., box 4347. Call.
FOR sale cheap — Complete outfit for grocery
and barroom: Etore to let: rent cheap; lease;
best corner in Mission. XE. cor. Valley and
Dolores sts.
NURSERY to lease; stock, greenhouse, dwell-
ing en place; long terms; low rent; Income
first day. 953 Fortieth St., Oakland.
MOST centrally located corner ealoon In city;
doing good business; reasonable; reason for
selling, going to Cape Nome. Box 4818, Call.
FOR Male— The Central Hotel in Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location: price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal.
FRUIT stand to let; 416 Fourth St.; low rent.-
Apply to G. H. OMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont'gy.
$200— BAKERY, notions, candy *tore, with fur-
niture cf 3 rooms, for gale. Z25 Ninth st.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; fine loca-
tion; c_Eh trade. Particulars 124 Oak st
flCOO— BUTCHER business; elegant fixtures;
fine trade. Apply 2123 Mission st
CHICKEN anfl fruit ranch; cheapl ELROD,
Fruitvale Station.
$4£0— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
acount of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertlsments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsments and
pubscriptjons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. z 1 -- ¦
LODGKVG-nOUSES FOR SALE.
19-ROOM bouse downtown .._.
Good oak furniture...............
Cost $S0O
PRICE ONLY $*5>, in payments
US-room corner $l"0O
Hotel and bar; St rooma 1509
«1 rooms on Market Bt. : only 900
S5 rooms on Bush St.; rent $55.. ............ 930
12 rooms on McAllister Bt 400
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 1000
18-room hou;<e on Turk st 750
10 rooms on Jones st; clears $S5 8J0
10 rooms on Mason st. ; payments 450
MONET TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MINT 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1920 Market Et. opp. Fifth.
A— 81 ROOMS, clears $125. bargain .*... $900
M rooms, very One. profitable $2400
20 r.. clears $130. nice, boarders, bon ton. $1000
14 r., hiphly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $575
To r., $4000. clears $200. €7 r.. $4500. clears $250
12 r., $500; rent $50; clean; clears $54 monthly.
141 other houses; money to loan, *#
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market rm. 1, nr. Call big.
R. H. WINSTON 4 CO.. 1028 Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
23 roomB; good corner; only $850
49 rooms; rent $189: good piano 25C0
U rooms: fine corner; offices 32">O
113 rooms; cheap rent: reduced to 1S00
82 ROOMS, fine furniture.... _..... $1600
10 rooms. Ellis st ._ 250
S rooms and saloon 1400
eo-room hotel, must sell 6000
Money to loan. C. D. DAVTS, r.69. 916 Market.
1S-ROOM lodging-house; must be sold at once;
owner leaving city; call and make offer.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market st
$1800— E6 ROOMS; all rented: good location; nr.
Market: cent.; rent low. BASILE, 8 Eddy st.
CORNER house, 14 rooms; finely furnished; all
rented; lease: rent $55. 219 Grant ave,; call
12 to 1 or after 5 p. ni.
CAIUIIAUES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies carts &. har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th St Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth! 1 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st, rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing ee-
a_ ce, Wednesday evg.. at 137 Ellis st; 60c
MRS. STODDARD'S test mesas— «, Tues. and
Thurs.. 8 p. m.. 10c; sittings daily. 378 9th.
MMEl YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 60S McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
RETURNED-C. M. STEERS, circle to-nirht
8 p. m...2Sc; readings, $1. 112H Oak st.
GO to Watson, the occult palmist;- rocky and
true; 2io. 1581 Market st.. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEPT— Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment 1206 Market st.. rooms 15-11
EARLE. 330 Ellis et; seance* San. and Wed.;
readings dally; will leave the city June 15.
WTLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 389
Ellis st.. 10 a. in. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medtum. life reader: Bitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A MRS. DR. CLARK— t
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
st, may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. Dlt CLARK, 205
Turk st. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee £5o and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. .13*7 Market st. bet 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader: born with double veil & second sight;
dlagnoees diseases with life readings; L., CCc;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit, $1 CO. 126 Turk.
CARD reader and ¦ Dalmlst removed from. 953
Mission st to 136 Sixth, room 8. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
Mission st. Dear. 4th, rm. 3; 23c up; ring bell.
. MX SB MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
1 reader; Q train gpekeo. 921 j4 Mission, op. Mint
CLAIRVOYANTS.
READINGS dally, cards and tea leaves; dates,
facts, business advice. 873 Polk st. "-.-.;"¦;
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; readings, 25c; no sign.
MME. August clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 60c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally . 2I2H Sixth Et.
MME. RAVENNA reads Ufa fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
MMB. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band'a picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NOME.
DON'T rush off to Nome with a toy gold ma-
.- chine; examine the Common-sense Gold Saver.
' JOHN M. MOONEY. 624 Elizabeth Bt. ; Caa-
tro-et. cars.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
Ing Works. S13-337 Tehama et. ; teL S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
842-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th it; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4E8 Stevenson St.. tel. South 22S: loweat rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 4c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie ?44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. :.;--..
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room S10. 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. E rooms. $15. Broad place, off Bush
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; rent $3 60. SS33 Twenty-
flfth Bt
$8— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and yard. 1705 Turk
et.. near Bcott. •
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
Without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
%i E0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 36 O'Farrell st ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prices; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. EOc; painless extraction. EOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor.Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per Eet; extracting, EOo; gas given.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,- $3; fillings, 25o.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. H pages, sent to any ' address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
posta_e paid.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y"S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 610 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUTiARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 626.
DRESSMAKKHS AND SEAMSTRESSES"
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post
MME. REMBERT. E30 Sutter st, dressmaking
echool; any pattern cut to measure.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Mofratt,
educational:
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post ct.. S. F.—
I*ra.etical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st. . "
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ct. ; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 805 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meoh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 202 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary, D10 Golden Gate.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'log.
PIANO les_ons given by lady. $3 month; use of
piano dally for practice. 216 Minna st.
PROF. MERKI, euccessful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1003 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sinz, 86 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
eto. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada ono year for $1,
postase paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese «m ploym ent oon-
tractor; establ. over 10 yean; all kind help.
421 Post near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: teL Black6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French oook desires situation,
also first-class German cook, with best of ref-
erences; a neat young girl as second girt or
light housework: an Infant's nurse, able to
take entire charge, best of references, city or
country; Swedish second girl and a thorough-
ly competent cook and housework girl await
situations at MISS CULLEN' S. 825 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT woman, first-class cook, good
managing housekeeper. : clean ana careful,
wishes a good bom* and small wages. 770
Harrison si.
RELIABLE woman desires position as cham-
bermaid at resort or country hotel. Box
4364. Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
' work or downstairs work. 1221 Flllmore st,
between Eddy and Turk.-
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, neat house-
keeper, wishes . position as such or cooking
for few men; moderate wages. Box 436S, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker would like
engagements by the day; perfect fit guar-
anteed. Address 2116 Howard st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general houso-
work. Address box 4363, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from City of Paris will go
out by the day, $2. 1514 Geary Bt., near
Lacuna.
TWO ladles would like to take charge of house
for party going to the country for the sum-
mer. Address 603 Franklin st.
SCANDINAVIAN girt wishes position to do
cooking; wages $25 or $30. 1 Elizabeth st,
near Third. :
GOOD laundress wishes work by the day;
wages $1 per day; references. Box 43S0. Call.
WANTED — A strong .woman wants work by
the day; washing or cleaning; wages $1. Ad-
dress 212 Clara Bt, rear. \
A SWEDISH girl wishes position to ; do cook-
Ing; first-class references; wages from $23'to
$80. 613 McAllister St. ¦
WOMAN wants position as working house-
keeper or lady's.nurse. 623 Howard st ; .
SWEDISH girl desires position to do . second
work and sewing: no objection to the coun-
try. 87 Rausch st, bet Seventh and Eighth.
COMPETENT:, woman V wishes a *. situation to
do general housework and cooking;. wages $20
to $25: city or country; no postals. • 1020 How-
ard st.. room 83. \ ... . . i .
POSITION by young lady as stenographer and
typewriter; good references; mod«rat» wages.
Address box iZU, Call of flc«.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
lng and housecleanlng. Call at 611 Turk St.
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwerk. Address box 1786. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable nurse, with refer-
ences. for invalid or Infant. Box 1752. Call.
SITUATION wanted by' a reliable woman to
clean up doctor's office. Box 4351. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at 109* v a-
lencla st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
BituattonB; understand all kinds of ranch
work; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
GOOD French cook, fully understands his busi-
ness, first-class references, wants position In
9 restaurant or any place. 21154 Polk st.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work;
many years with same employer: best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS. 8C9 Mission st.
PAINTER, whltener and paperhanger,- handy
In doing carpenter work or repairing furni-
ture, would like to work for estate, hotel or
Institution. Address F. H.. box 4373. Call.
FOREMAN— A practical man. with rood
knowledge of civil engineering, wanta position
on R. R. or other public works. Box 4369. Call.
A NO. 1 teamster would like to get 8 or 6-
horse team to drive; mountains preferred.
Box 4365. Call office.
COOKS for ranch, man and wife, first-class
cooks; also 2 young men, 1 as steward, the
other as waiter; references. Write 127 Turk.
SITUATION wanted by man as butler or to go
to Europe with family or with a gentleman;
can see the family; knows Europe well; hi«h-
est references. Pleaee address J. F., box 4359,
Call office. , »
AN experienced bookkeeper and general office
assistant, trustworthy and reliable, age 24.
wishes position with established firm: refer-
ence from late employer. Address box 4318.
Call.
COOK, colored, wants position; M years' expe-
rience In hotel, restaurant and boarding-
house: does not drink nor use tobacco. H. A.,
1008 Clay st., room 7. •
YOUNG man wlehes a situation as bartender;
no. objections to small town; no experience.
L. L. JESSUP. 1157 Kentucky at., S. F.
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming In all its branches. Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Young man wishes position as as-
sistant bookkeeper, bill clerk or other posi-
tion, with good reliable house; good refer-
ences. Address T. H.. 400 Post st.
YOUNG man with some experience desires po-
sition as barkeeper or assistant, some old es-
tabllshed saloon. Address box 4311, Call.
JAPANESE very young boy wants a position
as school boy in njce family; speaks English
well. Add. GEORGE NOFE, 19 Franklin st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia Ft.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st. — Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. Me. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. MANASSE, oculist optician, 910
Market st. __________
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc A. M. SPECK _ CO.,
6C7 Market Bt
SOS McAllister; F;6r$25i 63 Tremont av: C;8r$20
1214A Scott: F: 4 r..$10 705H Webster; F; 4r $20
120 William; F; 8 r.$10 522H Fell; F; 3 r....$13
604 Buchanan; F; 4rJ12 331 Eddy; F; 4 r $20
A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A — 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417^4 Third.
A— ELEGANT 7- room flat; modern Improve-
ments. 2410 Sacramento at, near Webster.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1043
and 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
BRYANT, 902, cor. Seventh— 4-room flat, cheap;
between 1 and 8 p. m.
COMFORTABLE -4 rooms, yard; Iso flat 6
rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second St.
COZY flat 3 rooms; rent $10. 26 Reed St.; key,
1325 Washington st, near Jones
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; piano: $20. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market St.
HAIGHT, 469, near Flllmore — Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry; $12.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MINNA. 1006. west from Eleventh— Upper flat
of 6 rooms; hot find cold water; bath; gas;
rent with water, $16.
MISSION. 1513, near Eleventh—* sunny rooms,
bath, laundry.- yard; rent $18. '
NEW modern sunny flats: bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 193L 1935 O'Farrell.
PEARL. 27, off Market near Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $8 and $7.
SEVENTH. 46. opposite new Postofflce— Flat of
4 sunny rooms; rent low.
UPPER flat, S rooma and bath. 1120 B Turk
st.. near Laguna. *
VALLEJO, 9101*— Upper flat. < rooms, bath;
laundry: garden: large cellaN^omplete. Key
at No. 90SH: rent $20. - -
WALLER, 312— Four modern rooms; bath, cel-
lar and yard. .
$7— THREE rooms; large yard. T27 Minna at.,
near Ninth. -
$12— COTTAGE of B rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. Apply 2524 California st.
$1C— 4 NICE rooms: bath and toilet: nloo yard
at;d cellar: water free. 191T Geary st.
ft< — 5 ROOMS and bath. 1718 Leavenworth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for \\
postage paid. ¦
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FIVE-room flat newly furnished: new piano;
Devisadero st; June 1st to September 1st;.,
adults; rent $30. Apply DODGE'S, 123 Grant
avenue. • *
FURNITURE FOR S—LE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Cry.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFREdWoLLPERT. 773 Mission st, payii
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL Ited 3353.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FE 31 ALE.
PASTRY cook, city, $36. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. '
A— 2 CHAMBERMAIDS, city. $10 each: second
girl, country. $25; 4 cooks, $30 and $25; cook,
Dillons' Beach, $25; housework, Modesto $25,
Oakland $25, Bentcia $25, Brentwood $20, Mare
Island $20, Alameda $25, Mill Valley $20.
Bouldln Island $20, Belvedere $20, San Rafael
$25, and several other towns; nurse girl, $15;
40 house girls, $15 to $25; 10 chambermaids to
wait, $20 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. Institution across the bay, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st. ¦ '¦¦: -.
GERMAN second girl. Palo Alto, $20: must
know how to sew well. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. -
WANTED— Seamstress and chambermaid, pri-
vate family, $25; woman to put up fruit, $2 per
day; pastry cook, institution, $35; 2 Protestant
second girls, $25; Protestant nurse and cham-
bermaid, $2S; laundress, institution. $25; oook
on ranch, $30: girl, general housework. Lake
Co., $30; 60 waitresses, girls for housework,
German cookB and others for city and coun-
try, $20 to $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 216 Sutter st.
WANTED— 25 ' girls for housework, ; city and
country, wages $20 to $25 ; cook - and second
¦ girl, sa— e ¦ house, $25 and $20; . middle-aged
woman, $12; waitress, institution, short dis-
tance, $25; Germ_n cook, $25. -IRS.' -NOR-
TON, «13 Sntter St.
VKSTMAKER wanted to work at home. 102-
. 104 Battery St. '."'¦.. -^
WANTED— For San Rafael, two girls with ref-
: erences; a good cook and laundress, - wages,
$25 to $30;: upstairs girl and waitress, wages
$20.. See lady at 2741 Pine st. to-day, from
. 3 to 4 p. .m. . . , %:¦¦;:¦'
WANTED— Young girl for light second work.
Apply after 10 a. m., EE. corner Scott and
Green sts, - . __£t- :
i HELP WAXTEPt-FEMALB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel. $25; 3 waitresses,
first-class city hotels, $20: 2 chambermaids to
wait, olty, $20; 16 waitresses, springs, resorts
and commercial hotels,, $20; 3 chambermaids,
same flrst-claes hotel, near city, $15, see party
here. 11 a. m.; 2 fancy ironers. $30 and board;
woman cook, plain hotel, 20 boarders, $30....
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman to put up fruits, $3 a day, and as-
sistant $1 a day; woman for ranch cooking,
no objection to child, $20: woman for .cook-
Ing. $25 for 2 months and $30 thereafter; cook
who understands German cooking, $25. three
In help; nurse girl. $12; 25 house girls, city
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary »t.
MARGIE LINTON, please call. I C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St..
WANTED— Apprentice with some experience on
custom coats. 623^ Post St.
GIRL for housework; assist plain cooking and
washing. 1820 Sutter St. ; - • .".* ¦'; ."v
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER on vests and finish-
ers on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
541 Market at.
GIRL for house— ork; small fariily; $15; call
after 8 a. m. 2050 Ellis at.
WANTED — 2 young lady compositors. WAL-
TER YELTON. 34 Montgomery St.
COMPETENT girl; general housework; small
American family; wages $20; call after 9
o'clock. 719 Cole Bt. .
GERMAN girl to assist housework and chil-
dren; wages $20. 661 Geary st.
GIRL, general housework; German. Scandlna-
vian^ wages $20/ Apply 1434 Taylor Bt.
DRESSMAKER'S assistant. 180 Thirteenth
street. • "9»
GIRL for housework; no washing; no children.
1511 Stelner St.. near Geary.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; good
wages. 619 Montgomery st.
WANTED — An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom-made coats. 410 Kearny st.. room 27.
YOUNG girl to look after. 3-year-old baby;
wages. $6. 117A Bartlett st.
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and housework.
Apply 736 Union st.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; plain
hand. 14 Harriet st.
WANTED— An experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton at. .
WANTED— Lunch waitresses at 608 Seventh 8t.
Call at 10 o'clock a. m.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; also ex-
perienced apprentice. 304 Tehama St. ,
WANTED — Competent girl to do general house-
work and cooking. 918 Eddy st.
BRIGHT woman as forelady In ladles' wrap-
per factory. STUNER. 109 Battery st.
WANTED — Competent grirl for second work;
wages $20. 840 Page st., cor. Buchanan.
WANTED— Girl to do llpht housework; no
washing. 112 Second et. ; : . ;
WANTED — Girl for light housework; -wages $10
to $12. 2803 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL wanted to learn hairdresslng; also manl-
. curing. 240 Stockton Bt.. near Post.
GIRL for general housework; 2 in family and
Infant; references; wages $20. 1242 Linden
St.. Oakland. -
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 853 How-
ard, bet. 4th and Eth, over handball court.
WANTED— Attractive girls, from 16 ta 20, to
assist in shooting range. Call at SHREVE
& BARBER'S,. £.11 Kearny St., from 9 a. in.
to 4 d. m.
WANTED— Dressmaker. JOE ROSENBERG,
11 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; good
warns. Inquire In bakery. Eighteenth and
Noe sts.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 609 Kearny, r, 2.
GIRL 16 to IS years to assist with light house-
work; wages $3. Call mornings 2005 Pine St.
GIRL for light housework. 3631 Seventeenth bL,
near Dolores.
MORE Klrls from 14 to IB to learn dear mak-
ing: pay while learning. 303 Eighth st.
YOUNG German girl to assist In light house-
work; small family. 3443 Sixteenth st
WANTED — An apprentice girl on custom coat*.
29 Ninth St. J
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
BTRAUSS & CO.. 86H Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS. .
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. S2H Fremont. ¦
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, who can wait for dinner,
first-class city hotel; $20 and found. See party
at 1533 Valencia St., bet. 2 and 4 Sunday.
OPERATOR on vests; steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market ct.
WANTED— Apprentice for millinery.. 505 Pow-
ell st.
EXPERIENCED mangle hands. MERCAN-
TILE TOWEL CO.. 251 Jessie st.
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 124 West Fourth
St., Los^ Angeles, Cal.
LADIES to fill positions; country; managers
through Calif. ; ref. required. 2421 Flllmore.
WANTED^-Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., bet. 13th and 14th sts. ,
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money. !
136 Ellis St.
FIRST-CLASS v vest maker. 8% Antonio St., !
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st, off Jones. •
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and :
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lejicia st . ¦ -
HELP WANTED— MALE. ,
A GARDENER, country, $20; cook. Catholic
institution, across the bay, $35; a man to :
work on a ranch, Ben Lomond. $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. -' ,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Teamsters, rockmen and laborers, coast i
railroad, $2 a day, free fare
Laborers for S. P. Company work; $2 a •
flay board $4 50 a week, free fare......
Four-horse teamsters. $2 25 a day, for Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions, free '
fare
4 laborers for a mine, $2 a day, board $3 a '
week; 6 miners, $2 50 a day; 4 muckers. $2 a
day | !•
Woodsmen, crosscut sawyers, swampers ana
laborers, $30 to $45 and board, cee boss here; <
20 quarrymen. $2 25 a- day; 20 farmers, dif- •
ferent ranches. $2G and $30 and $1 25 to $2 a "
day; milkers, $25 and $30; choreman. springs,
$20* middle-aged man to distribute bills....... ;
¦ Cook for harvesting crew. $35 to $40; cook
for 6 men on ranch, $1 a day
..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
Barber country. $50; 2 broilers, city, $55 and
SCO" 2 second cooks, country hotels, $35 and
40-10 cooks, city. $30, $35 and $40: potwasher. .
resort $20; 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, ¦
city and country. $20, $25 and $30
5 waiters, same country hotel, $25; 4 wait-
ers city. $6, $7 and $3 a week
?. WANTED FOR DIFFERENT SPRINGS.
Laundryman and wife; waiter, $26; third
cock $30- dishwasher, $30: dishwasher, $23;
bedmaker. $1S. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 :
Geary st.
WANTED— Of flee boy for this office. W. D.
EWER & CO.. tlO Clay st. :
WANTED • •••'•?_
8 carmen for mine, no experience required. $2
day 1 teamster for mine. $2 day; 3 laborers
for railroad yard, $1 60 day and overtime; 5
laborers for rock crusher, $25 and board; 3
hostler for Btock ranch, $20: man about
place $22 50; . milker, few cows and make
butter, $22 50; 4 milkers, $30; 10 haying hands,
n25 *.. d^"v-F-ABE-pAiD--::::::::::::::::::
12 farmers for 'orchard, $26 and found, steady
work: dairyman, $25; youth to drive rake, $30
and board; farmer, steady place, $25; chore-
man and drive, country, $25; single-handed!
miners, $2 60 day; muckers, $2 day: wood-
choppers, $160 to 90c a cord, everything ad-
vanced. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
STABLEMAN and canwasher, $30 and found ;
carpenter and blacksmith for ranch, $30;
blacksmiths, $2 60 to $3 day: wheelwright. :
. $2 60 day; machinists, carpenters, milkers,
' $30 ; . 8 teamsters for Lumber Co. . $60 ; bark .
peelers, $45 and found: farmers, $25 and $30: ,
gardener and wife. $C0; 10 laborers for .mill
and woods, Sonoma Co.,' $30 to $35; teamsters
for railroad work. $2 day. free fare, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623
Sacramento st. :
COOK, private family hotel; second cook and
broiler.- $50; hotel second cooks, $75; kitchen
. men,- $30: night cook, $8 week; dishwashers,
- $20 and $25; veijetablemen and others. J. .F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SOBER, strong man for all-around work; mar-
ried German preferred. Address J., 615 Larkin.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. 43 Third st.
WANTED— An elevator boy at 103 Ellis st. ;
call after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Strong : young man accustomed to '
'filling. orders In wholesale grocery house; give
age and refer once. I3ox 4376, Call office.
HELP WASTED — .MALE.
A— SPECIAL i'"i"Z'.
i Engineer machinist, boss here^tf :60 day.
cooper, *3 day; 8 furnace men. $.a: 3 carpen
ters. 43 • day; woodworker. $2 60 day: 6 la-
borers for mine company, fare 50c, JoO ana
found; 12 single-hand miners, fare J- 50. *o«
f. n GROCERT CLERKS. BUTCHERS. ETC...
3 butchers. $35 and found; saloen Porter. *.»
and found; grocer clerk, see boss here. $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 58«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY... •••;•¦•••
Help for all parts of California. Utah. W ash-
. lngton, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands ana
Oregon, 5456 MEN I •_•
FREE FARE and office fee |1 and to otner
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
.districts, we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 5:30
"p. m.. for the S. P. R. R-. laborers and team-
sters, %2 day. FREE FARE ilZZ&'Z
...HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CRE^ Sj..
Header wagon drivers. J2 day and found; zsj
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and worK in
fields, header men. etc.. $1 25. »1 50. J2 day
and found. COME AND SEE ••¦
...STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS....
GARDENS •••-
18 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35.
$30. $25 and found 'ZZ'Sld
129 vineyard and orchard bands. $35. $30. p
and found; 5 gardeners. 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
man, all for private families. *30, »25..»»> and
found. COME. SEE
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
89 milkers for different places. $35. $30 and
found; 5 buttermakers and run separators,
bosa here. $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers. dif-
ferent Jobs, $35 and $40 and found ¦¦•
Men and wives $50 — ld J 60
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
563 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $28 to $40 per
month and found
also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact we want helD of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. JSO, $75. $90. $110. $60.
$50, $40. J30 and found; 584 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50, J2, $150. $1 and 75c cord
,... MECHANICAL HELP
10 laborers to build flume. $30 to $40 and fd
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers. $2 50 day. $60.
$70. $45, $35 and found; also 5 helpers. $12 a
week, $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, car-
riage-makers, $3. $2 50 day, $40 and found; cir-
cular sawyer, $60 and found; 2 boilermakers,
$3 60 day; carriage painter, stripe and letter,
fare 60c. $10 week and found •
screw tender. $52 and found; 3 carriage palnt-
s." p. " "r". " r.'— different" bivis'iONs —
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1.. ; ;
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found; 29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
S milk wagon drivers, city Jobs, $30. $25 and
found
planer hand, Sawmill Co $50 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
..MEN. YOUNO MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
365 laborers and teamsters for all Darts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 GO, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
"Wanted fofe new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a. day
rockmen $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY ic. READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
% bakers, city and country shops.... $40 and $50
35 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $C0 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found
washer, country laundry. $30 and found; bar-
ber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' helpers,
$30. $35, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work in a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work In -packing and drying houses, help to
dig Email trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
found: steady Job year round if you are will-
Ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you •¦
ALSO
Harness- makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits. $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work In
a factory. $3 to $5 week. MURRAY St.
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOK for a<club. $50 and found; 6 bakers.
some fare paid. $10, $43. $35, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
A SPECIAL
Man to run gasoline engine, fare EOc; 4 hay-
makers, same ranch, $1 25 day and found,
harvest wages will be paid, 50c fare, call
early; 2 boys for machine shops, city, $6
week; 10 crosscut sawyers. $40 and found; 6
Italian laborers. $45; 10 swampers, $33 and
found
VERY IMPORTANT *.
Cook, $50; also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
cook, $50, no night, no Sunday, work, city
men for factories and foundries: polisher,
help starch. $35 and found, country laundry:
16 laborers for a mine. $£0; 13 muckers for a
mine, $60; teamster, coal and hay yard, city,
$2 day; cook and wife for a hospital, $37 50
and found: steward. $13 to $17 50 week. MUR-
RAY & REAPYt-634 and 636 Clay St.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 164S Polk st.
YOUNO barber for country. Call at DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 10* Ellis St.. bet 9 and 12 a. m.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day; good wages. 3804 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— Good steady barber. 3310 Sacra-
¦ mento st. ¦.
GOOD young barber wanted; steady. 1739
Union st., cor. Octavta,
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. 131 Third
street. '
A NO 1 barber wanted:' no other need apply.
1405 Polk st. "
BARBER wanted; steady man. 123 Clay st.
WANTED— Painter: also boy to learn trade;
call at 7 o'clock. 536*6 Jessie st.
WANTED— Shipping clerk for machinery house;
state age and qualifications. Box 4379, Call.
GOOD painters wanted. Apply Twenty-third
and Chuch sta. .
WANTED— Young man to help wait at table
at 1522 Kentucky st.
WANTED— Night dishwasher. 815 Grant ave.
VESTMAKERS wanted to work at home. 102-
104 Battery st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 141« Howard st.
WANTED— Coat, vest and pants makers. 222
Bush st.. first floor.
WANTED— Experienced crockery packer; give
reference. Box 4378, Call office.
WANTED— Retail clerk familiar with grocery
business; give age and reference. Box 4377,
Call office.
WANTED— Two first -class salesmen; none need
apply without experience and reference; good
position to right people. Box 4375, Call.
WANTED— Strong young man as selector In
wholesale crockery house; If worthy car* ad-
vance himself. Box 4374. Call office.
WANTED— A middle-aged man or woman for
dishwasher at Our Houre, Illinois St., Po-
trero.
BARBERS — 8-chalr shop for sale; established
20 years. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
WANTED— Young man to work In lodglne-
house. Dewey House. 32 East st.
WANTED— Elderly man to cook for S or 4
men; wages $10 a month. Call 500 Halght st.
COMPOSITOR wanted at Hayes Valley Print-
ing and Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
WANTED — A young man to work In kitchen -
$25. 18 Eddy st. .¦
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay St., call
early.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 44 O'Farrell St.; call
early. »
BARBERS— A good shop for sale at a barg— n.
Apply 911 Larkln st.
YOUNG man wanted to wash dishes. 234
East st.
OCULIST or graduate optician; elderly person
preferred; $30 per wk. Address box 1771, Call.
GARDENER to cut roses and flowers: good
chance for married man. 121i_ Polk st.
WANTED— First-class machinists. Union Gas
Engine Co.. 244 First Bt. ¦
A 2-CHAIR 15c barber shop; north of Market
St.; for sale at a sacrifice; rent $5. Inquire
at H. BANARD'S, 104 Seventh St.
WANTED— Elderly man to pick fruit and clean
up bakery, i HI Larkln Bt.
WANTED— Strong steady bey who wants to
learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkln «t-
AN assistant undertaker wanted. 228 McAllis-
ter st.
WANTED— Boy about 15; experienced In w rap-
plng. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St.
WANTED— Men to canvass and collect in the
city; office hours, 8 to 9 and 5 to 1 TEEHAN,
17 and IS Donohoe building.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and J5 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who hav» lesrally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read* writ*
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Beeruitmg
Office 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
530 K' St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEV —anted to learn barber trade: only re-
oulres six to eight weeks; day and evening
cia-io- special inducements this season: or.;/
Institution In the world teaching this trad?:
Jrian of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
Trtl HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, cj
Clay at. _
WANTED— Men to learn barber tra<_»: or.ly %
wVeko reouired; situations secured; uasen
w_l/le_nS5c: 'transportation paid GORDOM
BARBER COLLEGE. 417 N. Mala st.. Los
Angeles. , ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 2Cc to
EOc. E63 Mission St.. bet, lsr- ami 2J sta.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 4223. Call office.
WANTED— 2 good men for collecting «nd solto
Iting with good references. Box 4^-.. Cam.
10 MEN to go to Cape Nome; J6_ each; apply
at once. 618 Third st. _____________
ALL sizes men'a shoes, slightly damaged, "half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and gd^sts^
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. 810 Market St.. room 47.
WAITER wanted. Hotel Repelier. 781 "Suiter
street^
BARBERS— Good-paying shop in nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
MEN to learn bartering and halrdresalng at 3.
F. Barber School. 741A Howarl st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market >t.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st. -"
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House. 217 Third St.: 150 laxga
rooms; 2Sc per night; \\ to ji per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. Jl per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
yeara* practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINTELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 73c to 12 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertise— .euta and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda »t. *
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Eto— For Sale
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from 110 up; • blacks. »
browns and 3 whites in the lot. H70 Market
«t; Castro-gt. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sl-th at.; auction aalea every Wednesday.
BULUVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES— Touny, well-broken, for all purpose*,
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FOR rale — 2 extra fine carriaci» teams. D&L-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. CC5 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale cheap— 3 business wagons; also I
strong buggies. 13 City Hall ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBS5N & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. 720— Four large, sunny rooms, or 8;
bath. gas. yard, garden and laundry.
GROVE. 814. sunny side — House of 9 rooms and
bath; large yard; basement.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
LARKIN, 707. nr. Ellis— Flat 5 rooms and bath;
3 double beds; gas stove; coal stove-: hot
water connections; $27 50; ref3. required.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; completely fur-
nished; rent SC5. 1621 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
room house, completely furnished.
HOUSES WASTED.
MAN and wife desire to arrange with a family
leaving city for summer to occupy house for
care of same, or small rent; good references.
Box 4370. Call offlre.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A violin; near Central Park. Return to
M. A. CAMPBELL. 403 Broadway; reward.
LOST— Sunday; a silk communion veil. Return
to 1619 Clay St.; reward.
LOST— Shooting medal. Return to 401^4 Sut-
ter St.; reward^
LOST— Pair rimless glasses: rtdlRff-bows; Sut-
ter. California; reward. Return 1307 Larkln.
LOST— Bunch of keys, tied with leather string.
Return 613 Third St.: reward.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, small white Japan-
ese dog; 1 ear brown. 1 brown spot on side, 1
dark eye, 1 light. Return 830 Geary: reward.
LOST — Brindle greyhound bitch. Return to J.
O'SHEA, 17th and Vermont; receive reward.
FOUXD— Purse containing coin: owner can have
same by calling at St. Nicholas Hotel, r. 21_.
FOUND — White greyhound, dark spots: owner
can have same by paying expenses. Box 4333.
Call office.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $5: have treated thousands of
cases with success; IS yean' practice in S. P.;
maternity home; low fees. 1007Vi Market st.
DR. O. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowne*
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for yean; treated thousands oC
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
fcome; consultation free. Write or call at
1023*4 Market it-
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; 25 yr» .
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $3; any ailment: consultation free; c<ra-
fidentlal. 943 Post et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation fre»
and confidential. 1122 Market St.. bet. Mason
and Taylor; office hour- 9 to 6. Sundays 10-4.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Marktt: ladlea*
physician; chronic diseases treated: l»t»
scientific methods: treatment, ti.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; saat-
tartum.704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny :advtoe free.
Dr. James Pierce. 253 O'Farrell. rooms 2 and 5—
Female specialist: home or office treatment S3.
Y. P.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles* specialists.
1118 Market st. : every case guaranteed: to up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: rea^jna-
ble. tOU Folsom St.. MRS. PR. PFEIFFER.
DR. a nd MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONO HIM. flerb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, t-hand machinery, ilo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 13S-137 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 21* Spear st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; w « always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
12 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN 1917. I" 9 - lc:l - 1023 Mission st., abova
Sixth': write for catalogue.
A BEAUTIFUL pair solitaire diamond screws,
weighing :"-i karats, for J13T.; the original cost
was 1225. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
AT a bargain— Nearly new 2-horse piano and
furniture moving wagon; all lettered; pack-
Ing and sliding board included; must sell: gi>-
inff to Nome. Inquire R. C. 220 Seventh st.
LARGE safe and store fixtures suitable for
jeweler or pawnbroker; bargain: prominent
street. Apply 948 Howard St., trunk store.
PORTABLE engines, botlers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke". 1J3 Beale.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; age S
months. ?29 Howard st.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 23: noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice thi
price could buy no better; mail orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM _ CO.. IS Montgomery.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J10O; concert records. J3 50. BACIGALUPL
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— 13 60 DERITT and Fedora hats. H 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. J20 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
A NEW Webec piano; must be sold; party
going East. HZn Nineteenth st.
OHMEM engine; 12x12; nearly new; 30 to 40
horse power. 221 First St.; top floor.
ZND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump- S-l_
steam. 6-ln. water. H. S. WHITE. SXMlsston.
I CL^^A^oi^_^~^ i^HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Mrs Organ. Cal Capt H A Peed. USA
T W Spencer.Hollister O R Wolfe. U B A>-
A Weilheimer. Fresno Q T Holloway. USA
E S Eokers. Cal J A Graham. S Lake
0 L Draner. L Ans W McFadden. Cal
D M Johnson, L Any J von Aalst&w, Java.
C H Mann. Portland ME McQrath. Denver
H J Shroder. L Ang M E Hall. U S N
H Radln. Fresno C Hargrove&w. Xapa
F J Creery, L Ans J R Hisby. Honolulu
H H Reed, Cal M Christensen Jr. Cal
L Freedburger & wife, C Hunneston. Colo
Clementa J Rail. Ben Lomond
C S Pierce. Fresno G Harrington. Trenton
W F McFee. L Ane Dr S Cross. Stockton
D Kramer, Bacto |L Du Pont Syle. Brkly
P W Moore. Watsonv (John Rocglo, Cal
J F Burf. L An«c A P Curtln. Mont
J L Bevis. St Louis |A McCulloch, Stockton
P K Stronrr&w. L Ang|W EWoolsey. S Rosa
R C Hammond. Mo iM Pomeroy, S Jose
S Mitchell. Cal IJ P Onatodd. Tuba Cy
1 W Kasebury, Ohio |W Tlllotson&f. Redding
C O Lawrltzen, Cal ;H Thorn, Sacto
W H Muachet, 111 Mrs F Stanford. Gllroy
Mrs Dr Matrill. Ill R A Lonxr. Willows
A Morey&w. S Cruz J Rammesburs. Cal
Miss S Morey. S Cruz W O Duncan&w. Yolo
Miss M Morey. S Cruz L J Evans&w. Napa
E J Isham. Sacto Mrs R Braun. Vallejo
Miss Smith. Boston J A Mclntlre. Sacto
Mrs Smith. Boston H C Marsh, Pa
PALACE HOTEL,.
W A Junker.' D Monte Maynard McFle. L An
W 8mlth. Shanghai Lyman McFle, L Aag
O C011U8, Shanghai E J Small, Sacto
J A Murphy. Chicago- J Tobin & w, Burlngm
F Leadbetter, Portland C Q, Murphy. P Alto
S Hamburger. Chicago J O Galr. Chicago
J O Howe. Plttsburg S Baer. -N T
R Bradbury, L Ang S Hebel. Chicago
G M Schumacher. Chic A R Dlllingham, P I
R D Meyer, Stanford G G Newhall. USA
J Robertson, HanfordjMgr F Keefer, USA
W R Rowland. L Ang E Davis. USA
L Aujrsteny, Philadel |RB Beach & w. N T
T R Moore, S Barbara |W Mitchell. Portland
C 3 Rogers & w, China! E A Garllngton. USA
C Herls, Oakland E B Cassatt. USA
.W Graham, Coalinga M J Dowllng, Minn
J A Conner & w. Col S A W Wore. Tesla
E 6 McMurtrle. Pa JF S Wolf. Dayton
Miss C McMurtrie, Fa-W G McFie & w, L A
! NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Rtley, N Orleans R W Gates. P Alto
C Wllson&w. N Orlns G Johnson. Cloverdale
Jas Mulrov. S Joee G W Scott. Anzorer
\vm Chalker. Sulsmn O S Hofman&w. Ohio
J Thomas&w. Okld H F Behn&w. LJverm
Ben Nolan. Carters P J 'Sullivan. Merced
T Crane. Walnut Grove 1 C Miller*. Colusa
C B Hunter, Bedding IJ Stoppe&w. Colusa
County Expert's Report.
OAKLAND June 4.— County Expert
Bullock to-day presented to the Board of
Supervisors his report on the county's
finances for the month of April. Fees to
the amount of $1022 10 were collected by
the County Clerk; $1906 10 by the County
Recorder; $97 15 by the Sheriff; $1377 by
County License Tax Collecor; $22 by
County Superintendent of Schools.
OAKLAND, June 4.— County Superin
tendent of Schools Crawford has received
the following partial returns of the dis
trict school elections held last Friday:
Murray, Thomas F. Donlon; San Lorenzo, H.
W. Meek; Russell, Peter Mathisen; Ollnda, J.
C Foutes; Eureka, Frank Dennis; Edenvale,
John F. Lewis; Lockwood. William J. Keating;
Green. Joseph Laughlln; Bray, George J. Hans;
Peralta. W. T. Davis; Alvarado. D. Jackson;
Highland, Chester Young; Rosedale, E. E. Van
zant;. Midway, A. E. Barthold; Independent.
H. C. Rasmussen; Washington, H. D. Ford;
May. J. C. Peterson: Union High. H. M. Chris
tensen; Valle Vinta, Liberty Terham; Harris,
E. T. Ellis; Decoto, C. C. Crane and Ed Decoto;
Sunol, Joseph Btlle and Alfred Py; Mowrys
Landing, no election; Summit. W. C. Hobler;
Palomares, J. C Jensen and W. Lucas; Sheri
dan. William Harland; Ccntervllle, H. Over
acker Jr.; Allvso, P..G. Lowrie; Clmhurst,
Dudley Bissell and C H. Chrttchlow; Frultvale,
W. B. Bridge.
SCHOOL DISTRICTS SLOW
IN MAKING RETURNS
Boy Hurt By Falling Hay.
PLEASANTON, June 4.— Gus Fallon. 8
j-ears old, son of Daniel Fallon, was
struck by a bale of hay which fell from
a loft yesterday at A. F. Schweer's sta
ble. The boy was unconscious for hours
after the accident. His Injuries were prin
cipally Internal and may result seriously.
Dr. W. A. Hirschfelder Is attending the
patient. The boy's father la buyer for the
firm of Gerlach & Wagner, wholesale
butchers of Stockton.
OAKLAND, June 4.— The Board of Su
pervisors received this morning bld3 for
the county's supplies for the next fiscal
year. Bids for supplying coal were re
ceived from Charles R. Allen. James P.
Taylor, Charles A. Sessions (two bids),
Davie & Williams: bids for groceries,
from J. A. Hill. Joseph Herrscher. C.
McCarron, Smith & Rose, Buswell Paint
Co., W. P. Sagehorn; bids for druga, from
Osgood Brothers, I. Tobrlner; bids for
clothing and drygoods, from Joseph
Herrscher, I. Bernstein, M. Isaacs; bids
for stationery, from Smith Brothers, E.
P. Taylor, I. Tobrlner; bids for meat, M.
M. Samson, Fred Becker, Rice & White;
bids for fruit. F. Boise: bids for flsh,
Joseph Bardwaro, Joseph Miran.
County Expert Bullock will tabulate
the different bids and render a report to
morrow afternoon, when the Supervisors
will meet to award contracts.
SUPERVISORS RECEIVE
BIDS FOR SUPPLIES
Declare the Methods Adopted by
Idaho's Governor* and General
Merriam at Wardner "Were
Outrageous.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The minority
report of the Coeur d'Alene Investigation
was given out to-day by Representatives
Lentz of Ohio and Hay of Virginia, who
drafted it.
The minority- points out that the evi
dence taken during .the investigation
shows that there was absolutely no riot
ing in Shoshone 'County, Idaho, after
April 29, 1S&9; that when the United
States . troops arrived upon the scene
quiet had been restored anu no resistance
was being made to the State authorities,
who were arresting as rapidly as possible
those who were suspected of being impli
cated in the crime of April 29, 1S99.
It is maintained by the minority that
the troops sent to Idaho by the President
continued to be under control of the
President and that the military com
mander in charge could use the .Troops
only in aid of the civil authorities to pre
serve peace and order and to prevent re
sistance being made by lawless persons
to the process of the courts and the proper
civil authorities of the State. -
The President of the United States has
kept and is still keeping soldiers in that
community, and by uoing so is upholding
a tyrannical course of conduct pursued by
the Governor of Idaho.
The minority points out the following
flagrant instances of abuse of power and
violation of law by General Merriam, the
commander of the troops:
First— General Merriam sent on May 3 about
150 troops to the town of Burke and arrested
without warrant the entire male population
of that town, consisting of about 300 persons.
It was an outrage of the liberty of the citi
zens which has no parallel In the annals of
this country.
Second — General Merriam sent a detachment
of troo,os into the State of Montana for the
purpose of arresting fugitives from the
State of Idaho— an inexcusable exercise of ar
bitrary power by General Merriam.
Third— Lieutenant Lyon. acting under order
of his superior officer, by threats of violence,
forced certain citizens to work In the Tleer-
Poorman mine against their will. No other such
flagrant invasion of the right of the citizen
can be cited In the history of this country.
Fourth— Major Smith suppressed the Mullen
Mirror, a newspaper published at Mullen, thus
denying free speech and free press. This was
a gross violation of the law, wholly unjusti
fied.
The permit system, In fact a blacklist sys
tem, approved by General Merriam and kept
In operation to this day by the pressnee of
the military forces of the United States, is
a violation of law which - cannot be de
fended.
In summing up the minority members
of the committee say they are satisfied
from the evidence adduced that General
Merriam was wholly mistaken as to his
powers and duties; that his conduct has
resulted In the gravest injustice to the
liberty of individuals. They continue:
Innocent men have been kept in prison for
months without trial, and have been finally
discharged without any charges being pre
ferred acalnet them. *
At one time or another there were over 1100
men In the prison at Wardner. known as the
"bull pen." They were kept there many
months. They were riot tried. They were
not charged with any crime; they were held
and guarded by United States troops. It was
the duty of General Merriam and of the Presi
dent of the United States to Inquire into the
causes and reasons for the detention of so
many American citizens. No such inquiry was
ever made. Such Indifference is hard to un
derstand and harder to excuse.
The plea, that General Merriam was acting
at the request of the Governor of Idaho and
his State representative, Bartlett Sinclair, is
not good. Neither the Governor nor Sinclair
had the right to violate 'the law. and General
Merriam knew it, or he should have known it.
Although the Governor of Idaho has for
a year and more been governing Shoshone
County by martial law, he has never called
the Legislature together. The laws of Idaho
provide that a session of the Legislature can
be called on twenty days' notice. The minor
ity hold that the President is not justified in
keeplntr United States soldiers indefinitely In
Shoshone County at the mere will of one man.
when the Legislature, representative of the
people, could have and ought to be convened
and their wishes ascertained.
Investigators Lentz and
Hay Make a Public
COEUR D'ALEME
POLICY SCORED
BY MINORITY
Messenger Fires Upon the Despera
does and the Engineer Throws
Open the Throttle and
Leaves Them.
LOXGVIEW, Tex., June 4.— The north- I
bound "cannon-ball" train on the Inter
national and Great Northern wa9 held up
after midnight near Price's Switch, sixty
miles south of this city, and but for the
plucky fight of Express * Messenger
Charles Rutherford and Baggagemaster
Jame3 Strong and the strategy of En
gineer Charles Rich another robbery
wou'd have taken place.
The engineer saw a pile of crossties and
a lantern on the track and stopped. He
was ordered down by three masked men,
who forced him and the fireman to un
couple the mail, bagrgage and express cars
and to pull about two miles from the re
mainder of the train. The robbers then
commanded the messenger to open the
door of his car, and. failing to get any
response, made Fireman Love break a
hole in the end with a coal pick.
While this was being done the fireman
begged the messenger and baggage
master not to shoot. The messenger,
who was well protected by a barricade,
said he would kill the first man to enter
the hole. Love was forced in and the
messenger shouted, "Get aside. Love," aa
he fired through the hole. His shot Just
missed the robbers, who undertook to
kill the messenger, by shooting through
the side of the car.
In the confusion resultlnr Engineer
Rich crawled up to his engine, pulled tha
throttle wide open and left the rohbers
behind. A quick run was made to Jack
sonville, fifteen miles to the north. At
daybreak the penitentiary bloodhounds
were brought from Rusk and put on the
trail of the robbers.
This hold-up occurred near the place
where the same train was robbed five
years ago.
Prevents the Robbery of an
Express Car on a Texas ;
' Railway.
PLUCKY TRAIN
CREW BAFFLES
THREE BANDITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
11
AN elegant eult for $10 "a from imported or do-
meftle remnants. L. LEUOS. 1117 Market »t_.
between Beveath and KigrMn.
ROOMS paperad from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
SO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADIES — Colchester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
rend 4c stamps lor particulars." "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants *#Jected for 14; oollectlons made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery et, rooms t-10; tel. 6M0.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
# FROM
Chicago, Kansas City aad St Loais
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest thiough train serrlca. with potlt* and
eourtaou* employes. Stop-off allowed at Un»
Falls. BOSS C CLXNB. P. C P. A*t..
• 1/pq Angelea, ' *'
C. ft. CBA2OB. a P. Agt.,
St. Lfgqttt MsV
BOOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and lodging, during summer for two
adults and two chfldren. outside of city,
where style is of secondary Importance. Box
4372. Call office^ 1 >
THE HEDGES, 8J4-8I8 Powell et. — Newly fur-
nished: excellent beard; from ISO up.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market st.— Suite of 2 or S
rms. : private: bath: tin. rms.: board optional.
MARKET, 10«A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms.,
with flrst-clafes board; double. $10 wk. ; single,
125 mo.: modern; elevator; table board, 84 wk. ;
m«als Xe. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
HAIGHT. 182— Sunny rooms, with or without
board.
*V) TO LEDERER.
t"*e Popular hairdresser:
lie has but one price and always
K-ives you the very latetit styles.
lie ui<e« Quintonlca hair tonic, S5c bot.,
and Foamo Khampo". Sc pUg.
G. LEDERER. U'3 STOCKTON BT.
MME.ADA cure* nervous prostration. Insomnia,
blindness. Briefct'e disease and rupture when
all ether* fall: Fee this wonderful, gifted
healer: she will cur* you. 1842 Howard. nr.lOth.
ELECTRIC lights la every rocm— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third *t.. near Market; 100 rooms;
tic to ;iM cer night; Jl £0 to Si per week;
free 'bus and basreace to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY Tor the NEVT SCIENCE OF HEAL-
IN<3 - all diseases are curable; WITHOUT
DRUGS WITHOITT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tion free. DR. WM. SCHMITT, in Post «t.
T"£E Lllll* Webb'a soap, made from CallTornla
olive oils, roots and herbs: 10c; at druggists.
MISS BHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
treatment. S50 Market et.. second floor, rm. 27.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*: 10
years' experience. J. B. ItAY. S57 Jessie at.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Piere* and Scott; phone Stelner 8J91
ROOMS AM» BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rate* families: sunny rms.
en suite or single; best table In San Francisco.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
BUbscrtptions fca» been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
THIRD. W>— Large front room, 16; single. It
HENRY CARTER, or sifters, EMILIA and
JULIA— Patber and mother dead; names were
Henry and dixabeth; left Australia In the
t»-arly fif Up* ; important: eend your address.
UNCLE CAROLIN. care Finger Co.. 8. F.
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervoua.
tkin and lung dl&«u>es. rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff Joints: no drugs; no knife. DR.
L. J. PT71ATTON, 507-50* Parrcr*, bldg.. over
Emporium. Ean Francisco; consultation free.
DOCTOR want* position as assistant to physi-
cian; rnuet make exi>enses. Box 4S67. Call
offlc*.
-.TO...
Philadelphia
AND RETURN via
Santa Fe
nuUiu 1 1 1
Tickets Sold June
I2th and 13th good
to return 60 days.
Office, 628 Market St.
rnusoxALs.
DIED.
Boyd, Mrs. E. J. Lantheaume, John P.
Brown, Johanna T. Loomis, Kate A.
Brennan, Thomas Mason, Mrs. Elizabeth
Calmann, Adolph Markwell. James C.
Dwyer, John F. McCarthy, Charles J.
Eaton, Theresa McOonlgle, Dennis
Fillmore, Mary E. Miranda. Mary J. %
Fischbeck. Mrs. R. Morrison, Elesa A.
Garbarino, Joseph ' Nightingale, John
Galligin, Michael Nootbaar, Adolph
Geary. Jeremiah J. O'Connell Josephine
Glblln. Cyril Petzold,. Mary
Hall, Charles Peel, Matthew C.
Hermann, Ffcrdinand Rosenbaum Emil D.
Ileise, Hermann Sturm, Carl
Ingertlla. Albert Wagener, Amalia
Jurna, John
BOYD— In Oakland. June t, 1800, Mrs. B. J.
Boyd mother of Elsie, Lena, Earnest, Mln-
r.ie and Mrs. W. J. Gambia, a native of
Bath. Maine, aged 37 years 10 months and 20
days.
BROWN— In Oakland, corner of Twenty-eighth
and Chestnut streets, June 4. 1900. Johanna
Todd beloved wife of Brlce Brown, a native
of Edinburgh. Sootland, aged 60 years 8
months and 2 days.
BRENNAN— In this city. Jun« 8. 1900, Thomas
Brennan, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
rcrFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
oomnvencinK at 10 o'clock. .Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CALMANN— In this city, Jun« 4, 1900, Adolph,
beloved hUBband of Jeanetta Calmann, and
father of Rosalie Cohnreleh and Rudolph
and Julius Calmann, a native of Hamburg
Germany, aeed 71 years 3 months and 21
days.
OTrienda and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, /rom his late resi-
dence. 751 Eddy street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by train from Third and
Townsend streets depot.
DWYER— In this city, June 4, 1900, John F.,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Dwyer,
PALMISTHV.
ROYAL HOUSE, 128 Ellis ygt.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 85c to 81 60; week. $2
to 88; month, IS to |20; elevator on office floor:
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
VMS. Neersaard. Prea. St. Oermaln Collexa of
Palmistry: reads 1 to I. Clt Geary, nr. Jones.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eirhth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
U. JEROME FOESELU. scientific palmist. 61S
Taylor st.. bet. Oeary & Po>t: phone biack C61.
ROSEDALE House. 819 and 2M Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. SI 25 to $4; open night.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean nm., suites or Bin-
Tile; transient; running water: rates reduced.
OIL LAXDS FOR BALE AND TO LHAJ3E.
We hav« chole* properties and will assist
parties to oreunlai* companies and recurs
capital. AMBROSE HARRIS and T. A-
BELIa rooms C11-12-1S. Examiner building.
The Tartarian alphabet contains 202 let-
ters, being the longest In the world.
OIL LANDS
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LARGE ftor*i, with four living rooms; reason-
able. 704 Larkin st.. near Hills.
LAT1OE et«r*s and runny offices near Hall of
JiTirtire. nAT?IN. 413 K*»arnr rt.
MINNA 667 cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, tl per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POST. 762—2 large runny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; everything new and clean.
BORN.
ATKINSON— In Santa Maria, Juns 4, 1M0, to
the wife of J. W. Atkinson, a son.
BACKUS— In this city. June 8, 1900, to the wlfa
of Morgan Backus, a daughter.
KEYSER— In this city, June 2, 1900, to tha wife
of Charles Keyser, a daughter.
OTWAY— In this city, May 25 1900, to the wife
of Michael Otway. a eon. -.
BHIEL8— In this city, June 8. 1900, to the wife
of William Lynham Bhlels. a daughter.
WILDER— In this city. May 80, 1S00, to tho
wife of E. E. "Wilder, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MAEON. E02— Nicely furnished single rooms.
S R.OOMS and rtore, ccrafr Larkin and Vallejo:
F^od location for barbr or Eh<v?rr.akPr; $10,
OFFICE, bares. *te. ; rlac* for coal yard. ra.b-
bltry; cheap r»nt. 2IT7Z Twenty-fourth st.
MARKET. 1S03 corner Van Ness— Sunny front
rooms; bay window; with or without kitchen.
WHITE ASH STEUtt COAL. %$?&*&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In ta«
market Office and Yards — CO Main street.
GOOD oharx** fnr a butcher; good location;
rent S10. Inquire £18 Jesuit st.
LAPKIE 27 bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mission
—Single front room; also three housekeeping
rooms, furnished or unfurnished".
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c*ode p . hl ° PARTRIDGE ™SSE Bta
DKSK rr-om; fir.* location; J10; will sell desk.
Box 4SCC. Call offtc*.
LARKIN. 17CS— Room In private family; rent
V>; board If preferred.
orrrrES A\n stores — to i^et.
E« C RUCHES. %n Sansome St.. S. F.
LARKIN, 1S37— Flat of 3 handsomely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; JJ4.
CHHAFKST and Iwt In America— The Weekly
Ca'l 16 pe>r»*!>. cent to any address In the
T'r.'.tVfl Etatfs or Canada ore year for JL
JESSIE, C29, ©EC Seventh — Furnished flat; also
rooms.
HOWARD, Sl»— Rooms from Jl week up to K;
ISc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
EVPEr.IOR \-lcllr« tithere. old and new. H.
WT'LLTTR. makfr. repairer, i Latham place.
LITHOORAPHI>a
The Union Lithograph Co., 325 Sansome st..
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment Licensee for Imprinting of Revenue
Stamps. '•-' ."-,¦
HOTEL Francisco— Elepant eultes ; elnele; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KINO, Turk and Taylor.
BAXLBOAD TRAVEL.
MvnRBii ricirio ceHPure.
(f »cirio (mix.)
Trnlns Ittnv* nml i»i*> «ittt> la wrrlf • ¦•
MAN »'».«. MC'IMt'O.
{•lain Liitc. Foot of Market Street)
lxatb — Fkou Mat IS. 190O. — AX*rra
•7:00* BenlcU. Sniiun, Elmira. VmstCIo,
Baasej aud .i»cr»i:iento *?rt3y
*?!«•* Shut* I'.xon -u- LKvU. Williams (foi
Bartlett SprlngsX WUluwa. lied
Blufl. Fnrtt»«d. "TrtSr
•7i3»* Martinez. 3*u U«.non, Vallejo. U»pa,
CaJUtoga.-uid H»ntt Rosa *«:l."»r
'S:OOa D»tU, Woodland. Xci^iU Landing.
Marjstille, Oro»i:ie «7:I3?
•Hi«*4 Atlantic Ki;.:k.i- UR.'.esi and East ¦11:43a
•»:::<•» Mau Jikc, Utermure. MncM .11.
lout. Hacra>titru:*>. PUct-riUlo.
M»r~»»IUe. Chleo, ISe.l ISlnfT M:I3»
••:3O»Onki'tV, Chinese (for Waercite),
Sjuorm, Cartels M:l3r
•B:0«4 Haywvt.li. Nile! ami Way Station*. M I : O»
•l»:««*L.s Angelas Expresa — Martinez.
Tr»ey. L»tl>roi». atocktoo. Merct*i
and Fre.no J. ••»*!»»
•9:.10a V*!l-j-i. Munine* and War Htattons •»: lif
•IO:OO« Tha Ove-U.i'l Limited— Ogden, Via-
fer. U'liaha. Osira»>.. •3il-1r
MI:O«» Nil ¦«. li.nr-nor-. btockton, H*cri-
¦nil". Mi i.a.r*. llauford, VUalia,
l*.>rt*r*ii)« •«:|!»r
•|-.':O«m Ilaywards. Nllra »¦>•! Wa/ station*. •»»•»»
fl:U«»p Hacrautsuto Kuer Sio , f3:0»A
•3:0»r lUrwird*. Nilrt *'.<! Uiy Stations. •»: Mr
M:uur M uiiiiM/.. San lUui.m. VaiUjo.
Has*, t;«li-.iH«». 3»i;ta l(»» •l#»|l»*
M.mir B-uicia. Vinter* *•»¦ t»>t>»!*o.
WfMHll&nil, Knight* l.snvll'H.
Maryavlllr. Or<i*ill4 •l«:«4
•-l»ar»r Nllei, San J..«««inl Sioeiton a ?il3y
•V.oorTh- Owl i.im«pil-Tr*cy, Fi«uo.
Uaicr»4el'l. Mangua for 3a»U Bar-
bara. I ...a Aufloa. •«:«»*
•5>tor Fresno FMsencer — M.-Ttiun. Latb-
rop. Stockton, M-r.;<-.l. HeienJ*
(Hajmoudfor Yosemite). Praam*.. MSilSy
•l:'4»r New Iri't.v.t Express- IUkeri'':et<l.
Ss.»ta lur'm*. l.,.s AliKfles. !>••:«•
lag. Ki i'aao. New OfleauS and
Kaat •••¦••a
•3iSt)r Haul* Fa U.M.le— Atlantio Expren
for Mnjate and r'«<.c *«>«.1r
••tlrir !!»»«»< U. Nilr. »i.d."UN Ja*« *7tl*4
tOiUtir Vallejo *lail!»r
•«iO«r Oriental M.i!l -Ogiien. Chejenoa,
O:naha. Chicago *Hi*»4
•«:«Op Oriauta.1 Mail— Orden. Dnnt,
Omau*. Chlcaco Mils*
|7i00p Vallrjo. Port Costa and Wftf 8U-
tiou* l«i»3»
*liOO> Oregon and California. KirireM.Hao-
laiueutn. Marj»ill!e. Ita-Mlug.
l'»rtlm..l. flight .M.HU..I aii.) Kaat •»cl»A
COalCr OIVIMON IlMTM »¦!¦¦•).
(foot cfM.rlt.-t Street.)
tTi43* SanU Crui Excursion for Santa
Cr ; .: and IMacfp*! Way Stations l«iO3r
•»«!*» Newark. i_Vi.t -nil;.-. San. 1..M.K-. tun.
Bim..lrtfi. ek,Sii.:»(:nu»iiJ tt'»j
Hutloua ••i»a>»
tatiar Newark. OntAtTlII*. Pan Josa, New
Ahnaiieu, Fulton. MuuMer Creek,
Sa.nU (.'rm and Principal Wsj
tturlmis f le)iHe)«
•4il»p Newark. Han Jom.. Los Catna •»i.i»4
q-tiiar Clgnwttod. Faltoo. Santo Cms «»:»»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.'
r/issm rniictiC9-7Mt »r x.rk.i itnti(S!i>i)—
*MJ »:GO 11:00*. H. tl:C3 *3:33 U 33
•t:C3 13:33 •8:33r.».
his 0IIUIB— »»o» »f Br»«««.T.— *fl:OO 8:00 10:00*. *,
U2.ZZ "1:03 12:3 *3:C3 tt:C3 -3:C3r.«.
COAST 1UTISI0N (UroaiHianfe).
(ThlrJ ai.d To.TUcml St*.)
t«ilw A Oc»*ii Viow. .South >iii Kr«uci»co.. t«i3«»
(7:O«» M»u Jom ami Way Stall.nia (New
Alma.!-., V>nliie*<laye«iily) *li8Oy
(?:B0a Sunday Excursion (nr Baa Jem*.
SanU Crux, Pacific Groto and
Principal Way Station* I»:3.1»
••¦•O* Man Jus». Trra Tim*. Hauta Crui,
Paoinc Kro.e. fasti Itoiilrs. £fcui
i.uia Ol.iapn, Hurf. Louipoe ami
Principal Way SUMnlis .' M:IO»
•IOi«O* 8*n Joie au.l Way .itatlcns ••:5S»
•llt3O* .Saii.)nir,toaGatOS»».l\Va7^Utioiis *3::i«IP
tat-tSrSan Ma(*<>. lt-,l»..,«l. Me->lu Park.
Palo A!to. Sant»i ,.ri. H»n .!.«».
Trea l'lnoa. bant* Unac, Salinaa.
Mouieroy ami I'acitlc tiro»« fl«:»(i«
t*tX*r San.)os«am1 Way Statluiit •~:3»f
t-4sl.tr San Joaeau.l Principal Way Htattous •MI34
tSiU*pSaa .)(.-•. Lei Gatoa and Principal
Way Statiou* t»j«o»
•.itSOp SanJowt a>i<l t'rinsinal Way Station! t»»*»*
•«:»l>r San .lorn ami Way Atatlona t*H>O A
»lli45r Saw Jnw ami Way SUtiont *«:3i>p
A for Morniiit P for AfUmnon
•Dally. tMiinrtay eicerted 1 Sunday only
b Saturday only.
» 8atnrda* and «¦•• " • ¦<«vhi and Mond«»
CALIFORNIA NOBTHWESTEKN RY. CO.
SAN FRAKGiSGO AND NORTH PAGIFIG
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ol Market St.
BAM FRA-NCISCO TO SAN RAFAE1*
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:S5.
1:80. 5:10. «:S0 p. m. Tliurs.lays— Extra trip
at ll:S0 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 d. m.
BUNDAT3— 8:00. »:30. 11:CO a. m.: 1:30. »:S«w
6:00. S:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:10. T:50. 9:23. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trisa at
1:15 and <:35 d. m.
BtTNDATS— «:10, »:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40, t:40l
(:06. «:25 p. ra.
Between San Francisco and Sclrastzen Park
•am* achedul* as abova.
Leare ! In Effect. ! Arrive.
Ban Francliioo. [Apr. It. lSOO.l Ban FTanclseoi.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I VTeelt
Days, f days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:S0aml 8:00 am! Xcvato. 10:40 am| »:4» am
8:30 pm; 9 :* n am| Petalnma. <:06 pm>10:23 IB
6:1) pm; 6:00 pm: Santa Roia. 7:23 pm. i:20 pnx
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdtburr-
Lrytton.
G#y»erTill9.
l:J9pm 1:00 ami Cloverdnle. 7:33 pm «:» pas
7:J0am! J noplsn.l ! J10:C5 ata
1.53 pm! 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm' <:20pm
.': ¦•amj |13:23 ara
8:00 am Guernerille. 7:S5 pmi
8:S8 pm! ) <:30 pm
7:il»am 1:00 am! Eonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 ana
I and" 1
1:10 pm 5:00 pmi G!en Ellen. <:C5 pmf 8:29 pm,
7:Si)am| S:00amj 110:40 am;i0:2S am
8:30 pm| 5:J0 pml Sebastopol. I 7:K pm| 6:J0 pra
Stasas connect at Santa Rosa for 3lark West
8rrtnrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at L.ytUn for Lytton Sprlr.gs; at
Geyserrille for Skaxes Sprlnzs: at Cloverdal»
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprinrs. Hlghlajud Sprlnars. KelseyvilTa. Carls-
bad Springs, Scda Bay. Lakeport and Dartlett
Bprintrs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Sarato)fa
Pprinrs. BlJe Lakes. Laur#I Deil Laice: Witter
Bprlne*. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
Jnhn Day's, Rlr»rslda. L4«Tley's. BuckneM's.
Fanhedrin Hei«-hts. Hullvli;*. Orr'a Hot
6prlna*s, Mendocino City. Fort Brs**. "West-
port. Usal. Wilttts, Laytonvtlle. Cummins.
Bell's Sprtnrs. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotl»>
and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets as
reduced rates.
On Sunday rmnd trip tickets to all points
beTond Fan RafaM at half rat*s.
Ticket efflc*«, CO Market st.. Chronicle blda>
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Acent.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaflte F*rry.
. Canuntndnt April 23. 190QL
1TROM SAN FRANCISCO TO* MILL. VAX2JR
, AND 8 AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-7:0O. I.Vi, 9:30. 11:00 a, a.1
U:45. 1:45. S:13, 4:13. *S:K, 8:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays)
and Sundays, at »:0O and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:CO. •S.OO, 10:«>, U:00, U:3»
a. m.; U:4S. *1:M. 2:20. •Z-.H, 5:00. «:0Q. 7:34)
P. m.
ll:C0 a. m. does not run to San Rafaal Sua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY»-«:33. »«:50. 7:M, .8:40. 10:15 a.
m.; 11:30. 1:15. M3. »3:30. 4:30, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *s:45 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *S:C«. »9;IO, 11:<to*. m. : «12«»
m.; 1:00. 2:15. »3:3O. 4:30, »5:45. «:45. 7:30. 10 M
p. ta.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— «:S3. «:4S. S:M>. 8:ij. 10:3l> a.
m.; 12:33. 1:45. J:4i. 3:20. 4:SO. 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA rr.IPS on Mondays. WednesUaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. '
BUNDAY3— «:35. 8:0T.. 18:05, 11:10 a. ra.; U:UL
1:30 J:30. »:4o, 4:53. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAtNS.
7:00 a. m. wealc Caya — Caaadero and wajr ata>
tlons.
3:15 p. ro# Saturdays— Cazadero and way r*.
tleaa.
1:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except«d>—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad wa/
<UtiCC8.
: MILL. VALLEY AND MOUNT TAIULPAH
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
I April 22. 1900, via Sausalito Ferry- Week
day*— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. ra.. 1:43
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco la. o.,
; • a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m.. 2:M
I P. m. Wednesday. May 3a (Decoration dav>.
; train* will run 00 Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausalito Ferry, nortla
end of tbe Union Ferry Depot, foot or Mar-
ket at.. Ean Francisco. Fan. round trip from
Ban Francisco. $1 40.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
K* >^i5rn In 1*3 I lor the treatmpr.tof Private
BH _K Acji Plseasfn, LMtManhivKi. Ivbiiity or
Mwp KgffPjkrttjmajte** earing on bodjandmlml&nd
a^HaBcSgi Skin Diaemses. rhe-loctorc!ir?3vT«i^ii
I%BStWg>a otbfrsfaJL Try aim. Cnanre* low
JjQfe^^fiS^J l'ure«sn»rrti»l» > r I. Cailorwrit*.
Dr. J. JT« t-IBlto A. Box l957.Saa f ruclaco
WeeMy Call $1.00 BBiYear
TV O BAT>GER 412 Sacramento Et_. client far
Frsnri? Baccn ar.d HaM«-tt A Da--1s pianos.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 E0 to $6 per week.
GOOD Fleeter; great bargain. ECHMITZ, I*
SicAlMfter it; next Hltx-rnia Bank.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Ets. — Sunny rooms., en salte or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
ECH.VEK & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. SOS to
812 PoM «t. :--'-¦
nFDVCTION pale: new pianos. $5 payments;
fnr rent. 12 up. ERVENN. COS Post Et.
FINF Kn»:i upright piano at a great bargain.
ETATHAM, 106 McAllister «t.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1219— Furnished rooms;
housekeeping and others; gas and bath.
GRAND ave.. 21, off Mission, bet. 8th and 10th
—Large runny furnished front room, *6; also
Eingle room, %i.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
•week for storage; rflers wanted (cash or In-
Ftallments). Wl!«on> Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
GEART. 1012— One neat sunny room; furnished
or unfurnished.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; eultes or single; travelers accom'dated.
FOLSOM, S65. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished eunny rooms, eingle or suites; reasonbl.
ABSOLUTELY the cideet and largest nous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER 4 CHASE'S.
t«. IS and SO O'Farrell et. ; pianoe, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of oil grades
•r.d prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing Dceaible done to please and satlsfjr the
FOLSOM. 9C5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
eunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wers Issued
yesterday:
Joseph Attell, 2S, 255 Third street, and Flora
Abram, 21, 1520 Devlsadero street.
Leonard B. Lippert. 21. D12 Greenwich street,
and Esther Meyers, 21, 120 De Long avenue.
Samuel Leopold, 32. 16S5 Post street, and Ida
V. Ling. 27, 16S5 Post street.
Albert C. Barker. 24, Eureka, and Nettie E.
Hlndry, 22. Eureka.
Frank L. Wratten, 29, San Francisco, and
leabella C. Rantes, 21, San Francisco.
Harry T. Barber. 22. 1775 Height street, and
Georgia Howard. 19, 29 Oak Grove avenue.
John E. Stewart. 21. 19S3 Bryant street, and
Mary McDonald, 21, 151 Converse street.
John P. Toret, 21, 616^4 Filbert street, and
Conceptione Sandoval, 20, 511% Filbert street.
James Dwyer, 89, 5601 Howard street, and
Catherine C. Perry, 26, 33 Ringold street.
Edward F. Bottg-er, • 25, 119 Oak street, and
Anna C. Krauss. 26, 872V4 Natoma street.
Harry V. Stalia, 31, Oakland, and Maggie
Hawkins. 22. Oakland.
John P. Conway, 34, San Francisco, and Ma-
mie C. Rellly. 28, San Francisco. •
James Basden. 25, 1213^4 Hyde street, and
Kate Delahunty, 27, 68 Dame street.
Julius Magnln, 82, Alameda, and Estelle
Colin. 21, San Francisco.
George G. Van Slyck, «8, 5IS Folsom street,
and Mary C. Seymour, 37, 528 Folsom street. .
Antonio S. Andrla, 2B, Mountain View, and
Maria A. Rafael, 20,»Mountaln View.
Walter P. Schaeffer, 24, Ocean View, and
Alice N. Ppencer. 23. Ocean View.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pric9 Lists Mall9l
on Application.
ELEVENTH. 114B— Furnished sunny room;
running water; rent *5; private family.
EIGHTH, 10V4— Bedroom and kitchen; bath;
eunny.
EDDT, 473— Large bright sunny room; 2 large
closets; gas, water; suitable for two people.
AB we represent the best make of pl&noa in
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
r.rlced makes, and as cur Installment pajr-
xr.enti are easier than these of other dealers,
we are tha people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianoe, $6 cash, t* per
tnor.th; other pianos 13. St and $5 per month.
fc HERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearay and Sutter ets., San Francisco;
c.r. Thirteenth and Broadway. OaJtlasl.
CAPP. 130. near Seventeenth — Three sunny un-
furnished rooms: rent $10; water free.
BURNETT, 1426 Market tt. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rm«., eultee, Eingle; also unfurnished.
DECKER & SON piano for sale; almost new;
.'¦-;. 123 Sixth st.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post Ft.— Sunny corner suites to
gentlemen and families; references given; ele-
vator; all conve&'ce*; tourists accommodated.
BHAUTIFUL eab!r.»t grand upright piano must
be sold immediately en account of removal
from city; 1135. Kocm 12. Flood building.
6TEINWAY upright. |US: installments. J3. J3,
S10; rents S2 up. HEINE'S, 136 Ellis st.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
ISc to II per night, Jl 25 to {5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
KOOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Uufnrn.
A MAHO<TANT Curtaz. cood as new.
A walnut Weber, used very little.
A walnut Sterling, medium Fixe.
An oak Sterling, slightly used.
A walnut Vose. from lental stock.
A rcahocany Everett, pple-ndid condition.
An ebonized Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
An oak Kirursbury good as new.
Acl many others, from $S0 up: terms liberal.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O' Fan-ell et..
Chlckering. Steck. Vcse. Sterling Agency.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore Pt.
CHEAPEST and tw>«t in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military Bupplles.— 36 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., May 18,
1900. Sealed propossals in triplicate will be
reoeix-ed here until 11 o'clock a. m., June t.
1S00, and then opened, for furnishing Sta-
tionery. Hardware. Offlce Furniture. Saddlery,
Leather. Brushes. Buckets, Axle Grease, Lye,
Oils, Paints, Sponge, Cotton Waste, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Proposals for delivery at other
points will be entertained. Information and
blank proposals furnished on application. En-
velopes will be endorsed "Proposala for Mili-
tary Supplies. No. 4121," and addressed CAP-
TAIN OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master, U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
DDCKER & SON. Packard. Bonthe Bros, and
Arlington are the pianos we offer as the best
and cheapest. MAUVAIS, T6<» Market st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lQit Va-
lencia et.
WE always eell at low prices, but during June
we r.jfer special bargains to every one; large
Flock, best Quality. MAUVAIS, 'O Market.
THIRTEENTH. 405, cor. Valencia— Suite fur-
nished front rooms; housekeeping; newly
renovated; sink' bath; 112.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. IS." of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the 1b-
sued capital stock of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California St., San Francisco, on
June 11, 1900. Transfer books close June 4,
l!W>. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
POST, S<6:— Sunny housekeeping roomg, $13 and
110; othfr sunny rooms, >T and $10. \
' MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS of all kinds to-day at MAUVAIS/
OAK. 119 — Single rooms; sunny front: furnished
for housekeeping ; Jo, J6 and JS each.
JfOE. 151, near Market — 2 sunny bay-window
rooms, modtrn flat, for housekeeping; tl2.
TO rslaned men without collateral or ;ndor»«r.
P. F. Dl*rour.t Airenry. 143 Phelan buUdlnr.
IF ycur property is mortgaged and ycu need
more tncr.ey see H. MURPHY. 630 Mark-t st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
rent? p?r share) of. the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Comrany will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 &»>.rket St., on and after
MONDAY. June 11. 1»00. Transfer books will
close on Monday, June 4. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MARKET. 1CT.S — Large, sunny alcove and
kitchen. tlO; furnished kitchen and bedroom $7.
N ATOM A. C2— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
JS month'.
ON furniture, places, without removal: no
cenimWslcn; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MARKET. 1 K 24— Large front 6unny bay-window
room, neatly furnished; rent S12; telephone.
CA^H leaned to salaried people en note without
lmScrter. MORRELL. €CS Examiner buildinc
FOLSOM. 65$ — Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold water; range.
OAKLAXD FIKMTIUE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin, Oakland.
TO salaried r-eople; without security; ail busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. S!l Parrott big.
FOLSOM, C25— Larfre nunny furnished room; ;
light housekeeping; $1 SO week.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Erchnge. <31 Calif.
FIRST. ISO— 4 rooms for housekeeping; business
location; rent cheap.
OAKUM) ROOMS AND BOARD.
NO children; desirable home for gentlemen:
room and board: warm belt: Highland Park;
easy access to cars and trains. Apply MRS.
SCHUBERT, 1712 Twenty-flrst avenue, East
Onklar.d.
LOAN'S made en lurniture at H» per cent; al»
leans to E&laried |r-,.(i.e. HAfiSUBARGEB,
t£J Ellis St.. rocm 14.
FELL. 24— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; furnished complete.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money dJrect; lowest Interest. Rooms
u and €9. Dosohoe building. 1170 Market it.
EIGHTH. "21 — Two housekeeping rooms In
rear; rent $6.
AT 12* Kearny Et_. room 9. respectable privatf*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
OAK LAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— $10; 4-room cottage, basement,
chicken house and yard: lot 64x110; city water
Included. It. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thir-
teenth st.. Oakland.
EDDY. 917— Xice sunny connecting rooms; fur-
rished; no children; private residence.
BAKER. 2110— Completely furnished sunny up-
per floor, 3 rooms and bath; reasonable: ref.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no. removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bide. 130 l'owe!l st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AVERT. «. off Geary, near Fillmore — S sunny
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price fcr eld gold, silver, diamonds.
OAKLAND UNFURNISHED HOUSES
$1S— COZY cottage of 6 rooms; very sunny;
larKe lot: lots of other nice places. GEO. W.
AUSTIN & CO.. house renters, 1008 Broadway,
near Tenth St.. Oakland.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and 03
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lcwe?t rates. BECKER & CO.. 16 Montgomery.
BLOCK 64, must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th st..
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
FOR sale at a bargain— In Cottage Terrace,
within % of mile of Stanford University, a
block 250x210; fenced, with variety of bearing
Jruit tn-rj-. aleo 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lot* 37xi:3 at same place. Address S. S.
TOWNSKND. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 218.
HIGHLY respectable private p'.ace to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry lit low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, £46 Market
St.; tel. Main IMi. Branch 19 Third st.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — Fop Sale
FOR UtO— I will locate- you on a gold bearing
quartz ledse and 20 acres <«f land in Tuolurnne
County. Box •4271. Call office.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2A and 3d incrt-
eacts, undivided interest, real estate la pro-
bate; EJortiiragi's and lesracies bought; no de-
lay; get rr.y terms before doing business els»-
*her». R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. a.
ANY prcpotlticn. any amcuit;* per cent; firn.
*eccr<J mortgages, estates in probate, interest
»r, estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
'¦ "i -5«: confl3»r.tla! : advice free O K
<JLSK-V. rocm 16. «W. floor. Chronic!.* b!<i«r
$75 CASH, $5 monthly; 3-room new cottage and
good well of water; lot 35x110; more land can
be had If desired: 75 families now located;
Town Hall Just finished: near 3 electric lines;
fine school and 90 feet wide boulevard: climate,
| soil and view the very best; natural drainage;
j land level; price all told $400; see model dovery
here; Allendale Tract adjoining East Oakland.
Call or address iuZ Seventh Ft., near corner
Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JON'ES, owner.
$1230 — BARGAIN: 9-room house, plate fflass
¦windows; modern in everything: nothing want-
ing", eimpl* Just what you want; location
Franltlln st., near Durant; you must see it
to appreciate It. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MOXKY TO LOAN.
HEli:? to unsettled estates In probate can re
celve ca«h at once; also nm or second mort-
f*pe Aar.i on real estate, furn'.ture and
piano?; no removal; prompt dealing- no
T^flX.' <"?, les " loa 1 n l" F^cted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room VJl. Examiner- building.
REAL INSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
LOT CPxSO; "house 10 rooms and bath: J3Z00:
Lombard Ft. GEO. W. II. 1'ATTERSON &
CO., 170G Market Et.
2 ACRES and 4 of land. Joining the Jewish
Cemetery: *:0^l. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO.. 1706 Market st. v
MARINE view: superb; Pacific Heights lot.
THE McCAUTHY CO., €46 Market st.
MOPERN houses ana fiats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimate* furnished for all
JiuiMtng work. CAMPIiELt. 1U7 Mission st.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
PKIVATTi party xv!ll pay cash for a few nice
Olanondt. Box 4213. Call.
MISCELLAXEOfS WAXTS.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
rtt:dio. 11 Geary Ft., rround floor.
PHOTOGUAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
PACIFIC Stcraee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Ft.: phone Jackson 231.
ONE 4-rMe<j nicker; 1 planer and mafher- i
air ccrr.rreyt, r; $ locomotives. 250 Fremont.
CHRONIC and other diseases positively cured.
r*R- GOnpiN 514 Pine Rt.. near Kearny.
PIKnCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce 401 Pout st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
CAFES— New and fecond hand: all «iBe«. THE
WALTZ SAFK. 109-1U Slarktt et.. Kan FrVrf
DR. C. C. O-DONNELL— Office anl residence.
1C21H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.,
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof eafe; cheap. 42 Main Et.
FItEE treatment 1 month to introduce our fa-
mous remedies. DR. TOPE & CO.. S9 Turk.
e^r» E v?^* N^ W I .-," nd^ l ' cccni3 har ' d - THE HEK-
MA.NN SAM' CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st_
A 1C-TON Fairbanks tcale and fire and burr-
Isr procf aafe. r.6 California st_
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON" BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
CHRONIC and other diseases positively cured.
I>K. GORDIX. £14 Pine et., near Kearny.
A NEW Standard Trt^writer: latert model;
cb^ao. Typewriter E«change. <0» California:
NEW and second-hand slot machine* bought
sr.d so.d. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
TVI'KWKITEUS AMI SU1TL1ES. v
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 635 California, telephone Main 268.
CA^H registers of every description for sal*
and retired, un ilarket. bet. bth and lOtb.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought; also old
gold. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cctfs Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old rrold and sliver bought
tend portal. COLEMAN*S. C06 Kearny st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing Ht lowest rates. 20R Fourth st.
RENTED, repaired, bought. *old; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 43.
LADIES' and gents' castotf clothing bought and
*old. Eilverman. 9$4 Folsom: tel Folsom 11 Jl.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third; teL Black 4111.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL klpds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, IS 15 Mission, nr. 15th.
I'RRSOXALS.
and father of Francis M. and Mary M.
Dwyer, and beloved brother of -Mrs. P. J.
Fors ythe and P. J. Dwyer, a native of Coun-
ty Galway, Ireland, ag«l 35 years.
r X Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1413 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, ¦where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery. Omit flowers.
EATON-In this city, June 4, 1900, Theresa, be-
loved wife of Frank W. Eaton, and sister of
John Joseph and James S. Sweeney and the
late Mrs. G. Brown, and daughter of the late
John and Bridget Sweeney, and sister-in-law
of Mrs. James S. Sweeney, and niece of Mrs.
Margaret Conlon. a native of San Francisco,
Cal.. aged 26 years 3 months and 4 days.". ,
PISCHBECK — In ' this city, June 3, 1900, Mrs.
Rebecca Fischbeck, beloved mother of the late
Henry John Fischbeck, mother-in-law of Mrs.
. Adelheld Fischbeck, and grandmother of Mrs.'
W. C. Mitchell, Willie Fischbeck and Mrs.
Hattie Wilson, a native of Bremervoerde,
Germany, aeed 87 years. '
in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1055 Pacific street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
FILLMORE — In this city. June 3, 1900. Mary
Emma, beloved wife of James S. Fillmore,
mother of Fred B. and Gertrude A. Fillmore.
and" sister of Mrs. A. C. Perkins, a native of
New Brunswick. Canada, aged D7 years 9
months and 6 days.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 232 Oak street. Interment Cypress
Lawn' Cemetery at 1 o'clock.
GALLIGIN— In this city, June 4, 1900, Michael
Galligln (Gallasher), beloved brother of
Dennis GalliBln. a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
CTRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth
street.
GARBARINO— In thia city, June 2. 1900, Jo-
seph beloved son of Lulgi and Rosa Gar-
barlno. a native of Italy, aged 28 years 1
month and 2S days.
GEARY— In this city, June 4, 1900, at his resi-
dence. 306 Guerrero street, Jeremiah J. Geary,
a native of the City of Cork, Ireland, aeed 73
5C (ErN T otlce of funeral hereafter.
GIBLIN-In this city. June 4, 1900, Cyril, be-
loved son of Hannah and William GIblln. a
native of San Francisco, aged 9 months and
22 days.
HALL— In this city, June 4, 1900, Charles Hall,
relict of the late Elizabeth Hall, and father
of George Hall, Mrs. H. Smith, Mrs. Richard
Welch and Mrs. G. Miller, a native of Mis-
souri. aeed.74 years.
HEISE— In this city, June 4. 1900, Hermann,
dearly beloved husband of Adelheld Heise.
and father of Mrs. John Wohlers, Mrs. Her-
mann Bencke. Mrs. Herminie Kuhlmann,
Mrs John M. Steffens and John, D. and
Henry Ilelse. a native of Bremen. Germany,
aged 68 years 11 months and 4 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. 'John D. Heise, &52 Valencia street,
corner of Seventeenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HERMANN— In this city. June 4, 1900. Ferdi-
nand Hermann, beloved brother of Mrs.
Henry Bouck and Anton Hermann of Switz-
erland, a native of Canton Underwalden.
Switzerland, aged 39 years 1 month and 9
days. A member of Grutli Vereln. Helvetia
Vereln, San Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. D. H.
S • Court German-America No/ 7472, A. O.
F.; Musicians' Union and Hoffnungs Lodge
No. 1, O. D. II. S. S.
ID^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, between Stockton and Pow-
ell. Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
INGERTILA— In this city, June 4, 19C0, Albert
IngertllaTNjeloved brother of Mrs. Lizzie
Gutzen and uncle of Sophia, Lizzie and
Fanny Kelhala, a native of Finland, aged 41
years and 8 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<We*dnesday). at 2 o'clock, from Union-square .
Hall 421 Post street, between Powell and
Mason, under the auspices of the United Cali-
fornia Finn Brotherhood. Interment Odd
FellowB* Cemetery.
JURSS— In this city, June 3. 1900, John Jurss.
dearly beloved husband of Catherina Jurss,
and beloved father of Henry and Lizzie Jurss.
a native of Rastat, Germany, aged €8 years 7
months and 4 days. A member of Pacific
Ptaram No. 66. Independent Order of Red
Men Master Mariners' Benevolent Associa-
tion and Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.
tCT Friends wid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 614 Green street, thence to Inde-
pendent Order Red Men's Hall, where Berv-
lces will be held under the auspices of Pa-
cific Stamm, U. O. R. M.. commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric cars from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
LANTHEAUME— In this city. June 3. 1D00.
John P. Lantheaume. beloved father of Mrs.
I. R. Alden. John A. Lantheaurue. Mrs. C.
A. Perkins and Mrs. J. F. Hood of San Fran-
cisco and Mrs. J. G. Hammer and Mrs. Theo.
Bedard of Montana, a native of Switzerland,
aped 77 years and 11 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, (rom the residence
of hln daughter, Mrs. J. F. Hood, 1504 Frank-
lin street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOOMIS— In this city, June 4, 1900, Kate Ash-
ley, wife of the late George Loomis, a native
of Syracuse, N. Y.
MASON'— In Berkeley, June 3, 1900, Ifrs. Eliza-
beth Mason, wife of the late C. H. Mason,
and mother of F. W. Callahan of San Fran-
cisco, aced 76 years.
GTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from her late residence. Sev-
enth and Jones streets, Berkeley, thence by
1 o'clock Creek boat. Interment Odd FellowB'
Cemetery.
MARKWELL— In this city, June 4, 1900, James
C. Markwell, a native of Missouri, aged 82
years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 3. 1900, Charles
J. McCarthy, Journalist, a native of San
Francisco, aged 38 years.
MIRANDA— At Bay Farm Island. June 4, 1900,
Mary Julia, beloved wife of T. J. Miranda, a
native of St. Michaels Island, aged 31 years.
jrjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. Bay Farm Island, thence to Portu-
guese Church, Oakland, at 10 o'clock, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land. v
McGONIOLE— In this city, June 4, 1900, Den-
nis, beloved husband of the late Jennie Mc-
Gonigle, and dearly beloved and devoted
father of Thomas, Jennie, Nellie and John
McGonlgle, and brother of Neil McGonlgle,
a native of the parish of Voville, County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 63 years and 10
months.
MORRISON— In this city. Jun« 4, IS00, Eleee A.
dearly beloved wife of Frank T. Rowe Morri-
son, and mother of Mrs. J. P. Luke, Mrs. D.
J. Morrison, Mrs. W. R. Morgan, and sister
of Mrs. W. B. Drew, a native of Maine, aged
£6 years 1> month and 9 days.
NIGHTINGALE— In Menlo Park, June 3, 1900,
John Nightingale Jr., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 45 years. ,
(TTFuneral services will be held this day
(¦Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, nt the chapel In
Cypress " Lawn Cemetery. Friends from the
city who desire to attend ¦will take the 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NOOTBAAR— In the City and County Hospital,
June 4, 1900. Adolph N'ootbaar, a native of
Germany, aged 44 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city, June 4, 1900, Jo-
sephine, beloved daughter of Ellen ad the late
Thomas O'Connell, and sister of Thomas and
William O'Connell. Mrs. R. L. Ingram and
Mrs. E. J. Conroy, a native of San Francisco.
PETZOLD— In this city, June 2. 1900. Mary
Petiold, beloved wife of August Petrold,
mother of Mary, August. Frida, Alfred and
Adel Petzold. and sister of Henry Be-rtrnnd.
llr». Decker, Mrs. Michel, Mrs. Weiss and
Joseph and Emil Bertrand, a native of Ueber-
ach, Alsace, aged 35 years and 6 months.
(ETFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock sharp, from her late
residence, 4602 Eighteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. t :
PEEL—In this city. June 3, 1800, at the resi-
dence of his mother, Matthew Crooks Peel,
non of Mrs. Thomas Morffew. a native of San
Francisco, aged 81 years 11 months and .14
days.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock from the residence,
1725 Pine street.
ROSKNBATJM— In this city, June 4. 1900, Emil
D., dearly beloved husband of Sadie Rosen-
baum, and brother of Mrs. I. Straussburger,
Mrs. 9. Straussburger, Samuel, Albert and
Charlie Rosenbaum, and son of the late
Moses Rosenbaum, a native of San Francisco,
acred 37 years and 2 months.
BTURM— In this city. June 2. 1900. Carl, beloved
husband of Annie Sturm, father of Ernst and
Henry Bturm. and stepfather of Fritz and
Theodore Ernst, a native of Saxony. Ger-
many, aged 45 years 6 months and 20- days. A
member of Vereln Eintracht and San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. I. O. d. H. S.
(CTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission, street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
-O. F Cemetery.
WAGENER— In this city, June 2, 1900, Ama-
lla. dearly beloved wife of F. O. Wajrener
(nee Kohlm»os), and mother of Emil. Robert,
Bertha and A«?nea Wapener. a native of Ham-
burg Germany, aged 62 years C months and
7 days. • (New York papers please cony.)
iCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ; the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 914 Devlsadero street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated. Kindly, omit flowers.
CARD OF THANKS
"HE children of the late . Caroline WeinMch
wish to express their heartfelt thanks to all
kind friends for their many, kindnesses In
their late bereavement. Respectfully.
MRS. THEO. DIERKS. -.',"
MRS. C.L. ESCHMANN,
i JULIA D. WEISSICH.
VM. O.: WEISSICH.
MISCELLAXEOfS FOIl SALE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer, 503 Cal.. Clunl* bg.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IHOX
F r WII SfiN * fft Battery Street.
J. U ftlLJUil ff til-. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C DAVEC £ P(\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JAj- dUIE3 & LU. clay. Tel. Main 1294.
) COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
r W CHiTH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
t- " - oJlllIl. ghtp Work a specialty.^ 1< and
18 "Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
THE OAKS. 11» Third— A rood rooming nous*
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.The first number of a newi publication,
Bench and Bar, made Its appearance last
Saturday.% It Is under the editorial man
agement'of H.L..: Bradford,; who has es
sayed a new : field in J legal journalism by
publishing a newspaper for lawyers.
Fell From a Bicycle.
Emilie Chou, a girl 7 year3 of ... age.
daughter of Albert Chou, 459 Jessie street,
was riding a bicycle on the sidewalk I in
front of her parents' residence yesterday
afternoon when she lost her balance and
fell off and fractured her arm. She was
treated at the Receiving Hospital. -,
Hazen May Take Arnold Home.
United States Secret Service Asrent
George W. Ilazen has been appointed by
British Consul PickersgHl, at the request
of the British Erabassador at Washing
ton, as special agent of the British Oov
ernment to take Julian Arnold to Eng
land in case the court should order him
extradited. Chief Wilkle has given Mr.
Hascn permission to accept the appoint
ment. The extradition matter will be
heard on habeas corpus to-morrow morn
in«* at 11 o'clock by United States Circuit
Judge Morrow.
Planting Black Bass.
The Fish* Commissioners have sent 2000
black bass to the southern part of the
State in charge of A. W. Wilson. They
are for distribution among five applicants
who wish to stock the waters south of the
Tehachapi. The fish were taken from
landlocked waters on the Russian River
and were in prime condition for propaga
tion. BNMtfHH0P6HBMR3HHfia
In the Divorce Court.
Urs. Blrfile Price secured a divorce from
her husband, Arthur G." Price, yesterday
en the ground cf infidelity. Mrs. Price
v/as granted ihe custody of her minor
child and alimony in the fum of $25 per
month. Decrees of divorce were also
granted A. J. Weinert from Inez I. Weln
ert Jor desertion. Edward H. White from
Martha White tor desertion, G. A. dub
bing from Catherine Giubbing. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by Isabella Jacobsen atralnst
Carsten Jacobsen and Mrs. 6. Meyers
ajaJnst Frederick Meyers.
Struck With a Bottle.
Carroll ttolfs, a scene shifter, was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan yesterday in $1000 bonds, on
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. On May 22, while drinking in
a saloon at Polk and Sutter streets, he
struck P. McMullen, a member of the
Lumber Dealers" Association, in the face
with a bottle, cutting the facial artery.
McMullen hurried to the Receiving Hos
pital and Dr. Bacifralupi. who treated
him, testified that if he had been a few
minutes later he . would have bled to
death. / >. . ~
Notice to Passengers.
Bound-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our oQces. One trunk (round trip),
Ia» cents. Morton Special Delivery, 40s
Taylor street, C5u Market street, Oakland
terry depot. •
AFTER THE SCALPS OF
MIEHLING AND BARTH
Changes in Public School Physical
Culture Department Are
Impending. ; .
The Board of Education Is considering
the condition of the physical culture
c«jur»e in the public schools and the out
come will probably be the discharge of
the two teachers now employed in that
department— Professor Miehling and Pro
fessor Baxth.
Under the present system the teachers
visit each school about once In every five
or six weeks, and in some districts the
visits average but little more than one In
three months. Only the hours of a morn
ing are devoted to th« children. The
board believes that principals and teach
ers are fully competent to teach the chil
dren as much physical culture as they are
getting now and that there is no use for
two high-saJaried Instructors with but lit
tle to do. It was reported at one time
that Professor Hoover would be put in
the department In place of Miehling and
Barth, but perhaps the department will
be abandoned altogether. This will de
pend upon the appropriation. But in any
event it look? as if the scalps of Miehllns
and Barth will adorn the walls of the
boardroom before long.
The Democrats of San Francisco are ad
monished by Phelan's court circular that
too much apathy exists in the party. It is
not difficult for politicians of ordinary
gumption to ascertain the cause of the
general apathy. There Is too much Phe
lan In the programme for the State con
vention. More than 69 of the 112 members
of the Democratic County Committee
would have attended the convention at
Native Sons' Hall last Friday evening If
the word had not been passed along the
line by the court circular that the district
commltteemen were not ready to submit
a list of delegates to the State convention.
One of the delinquent districts was the
Thirty-eighth, represented in part by
Mayor Phelan's private Civil Service Com
missioner, Charles W. Fay. There are
many obstacles in the way of 'selecting a
Phelan delegation from this Assembly dis
trict.' Democrats of the better class dis
trust Phelan and despise his methods.
They would rather keep out of politics
entirely than Join hands with him In the
manipulation of a convention. .
The delegation representing the Thirty
eighth District in the county committee
originally consisted of eight members. One
went ¦ to Honolulu and another was ap
pointed on the Fire Commission, leaving
six for Fay to manage, or five, excluding
himself.. As the Mayor's private Civil
Service Commissioner, he appointed Com
mitteeman Lynch to a clerkship in the
Registrar's office. Lynch is there now,
constituting one of the surplus clerks men
tioned by the Federated Improvement
Clubs. This appointment did not give Fay
sufficient strength to control the delega
tion for Phelan, so he concluded to ex
tend the spirit of civil service reform by
promising to appoint Commltteeman Finn
of the Thirty-eighth to a position In the.
Department of Public Works. If Finn ac
cepts the delegation will stand three for
Phelan and three against. Something
more must be done by the private Civil
Service Commissioner before to-morrow
night. The convention may bo In no mood
for a second adjournment in order to give
Phelan time to fix up a slate.
A great roar will come from the Inland
Democrats when the programme is pre
sented to the State convention. On the
slate will be seen the names of Stephen
M. .White. James G. Maguire, M. F. Tar
pey and James D. Phelan for delegates at
large. The plan to take three delegates
from San Francisco and "one from Los
Angeles will not delight tho. representa
tives hailing from the valleys of the San
Jdaquln and Sacramento. Northern "and
Central California delegates may arise in
their wrath and smash the slate.
The Democratic State Convention i will
assemble at Sacramento on Thursday of
next week. There will be no opposition to
Judge Farnsworth of/Tulare for chair-
The Republican County .Committee of
San Francisco will .' meet atShiels Hall
to-morrow evening and probably consider
a planar the .formation of Assernbly dls- ;
trlct clubs.
¦• Colonel - George -^ Stone., chairman, and
Senator -W.-M.. Cutter, secretary of tho
Republican Executive Committee, arrived
in- the city last evening. To-day measures
will be taken for establishing campaign
headquarters. I Indications are that rooms
in the Palace Hotel will -be, reserved.
Inland Democrats Will Roar When
They See State Convention Slate.
Republican Headquarters
for the Campaign.
Cause of General Apathy in
Democratic Ranks of
This City.
CIVIL SERVICE
IS DEGRADED TO
ASSIST PHELAN
wire fencing; the withdrawal of all passes
heretofore issued; the erection of one or wore
pavilions .for necessary purposes; all employes
of the Health Department, except the physi
cians of the department, to remain, in the
quarantined district until the quarantine Is
raised; inspectors to report all unsanitary
places as unfit for human habitation, and the
same to be Immediately vacated. None but
employes of the Health Department will be al
lowed to enter the Infected district, except
euch persons as the board may designate, and
the persons so admitted must remain in the
district until the quarantine Is raised; all laun
dries outside the district to be Inspected twice
daily and the samp to be fumigated once a
week by sulphurous acid; all Junk stores to be
fumigated by sulphurous acid once a week,
and no racs to be taken Into or out of said
Btores until fumigated.
The Market Street Railway Company
will be notified that its cars will not be
allowed to run through the inclosed dis
trict from this morning, and the Chief of
Police is figuring on sixty new specials to
be appointed, inoculated and stationed
among the germs that are supposed to fly
thick around the Chinese quarter.
MERCHANTS ORGANIZE.
Citizens' Kelief Committee Will Con-
sist of Thirty Members.
A meeting of the merchants was held
yesterday In the Chambers of the Board
of Trade. An organization to be known as
as the Citizens' Relief Committee, with a
membership of thirty Instead of ten, as
was proposed at a previous meeting, was
perfected. Sub-committees were also ap
pointed and will report to the Board of
Health for instructions as to how to pro
ceed toward carrying out their specific du
ties; also to learn the necessities of the
board and to provide money.
The first matter taken up was the ap
pointment of the general committee. The
names of A. C. Rulofson, William Haas,
A. A. Watkins, H. E. Cuthbert. Eugene
Goodwin, Walter Castle, William Cluff,
M. H. Hecht, Adam Grant, George W.
McNear Jr., A. W. Porter, Lawrence Har
ris. William McDoriald, Andrew Davl?,
Raphael Weill, F. W. Dohrmann, Wil
liam Buckingham, J. K. Wilson, Joseph
Sloss and S. J. Hendy were added to the
ten originally appointed. A. A. Watkins
was chosen permanent chairman upon the
resignation of William Thomas and Eu
gene Goodwin was named as permanent
secretary. Andrew Carrigan presided. at
the meeting held yesterday.
The members of the committee were In
structed as to the soliciting of subscrip
tions In the commercial districts. Tho
division of labor in this line will be made
on a basis of Industries. - ' .
The following sub-committees were ap
pointed to assume charge of various mat
ters and to expend the money collected:
Commissary— George W. McNear, William
Haas and William duff; press— A. A. "Watktns.
Andrew Carrigan and Rufus P. Jennings: aud
itory—S. NlekelPDurg. Joseph Bloss and W. T.
Button; quarantine— A. C. Rulofson, Andrew
Carrigan and R. P. Schwerln; detention camp
— M. H. Hecht. A. A. Watklns and A. C. Ru
lofson; sanitation— Walter Castle, Lawrence
Harris and Rufus P. Jennings. ..
A resolution was passed making the
chairman, treasurer and secretary a com
mittee on finance. Joseph Sloss was elect
ed secretary of this committee and the
Anglo-Californlan Bank treasurer. The
meeting then adjourned. '
from $1200 to $500, and McCarthy moved
that a matron for the Morgue be pro
vided at $720 per year, which motions
were both adopted.
The Recorder was given $34,520, out of
which he may employ one mortgage clerk
at $1200, two Index clerks at $1200 each
and one messenger at $900 per annum. The
$24,000 for copyists, however, was cut to
$21,600.
The amount for publishing the delin
quent tax list was reduced from $5000 to
$3750 on Tobin's representation that the
cost this year was $3667 59.
Treasurer Brooks made an earnest ap
peal that he be granted two extra clerks
as originally scheduled. The work of the
office had Increased at 'least 35 per cent
and on that representation the clerks
were allowed.
Deputy County Clerk Goddard asked for
money for four additional copyists and
one messenger in addition to the $75,400
recommended. The work of the office, he
said, was four months behind and the de
partment would be greatly crippled un
less relief was afforded.
The Mayor held that the need for extra
help in the County Clerk's office was not
apparent, and that no complaints regard
ing the efficiency of the office had ever
come to his notice. A motion to allow
one extra copyist was carried.
Reed moved that the $2400 for the law
and motion calendar be not allowed on
the ground that it was not a proper
charge against the city. Tobin explained
that the appropriation was based on the
recommendation of the Superior Judges,
but the appropriation- was stricken out.
D'Ancona gave notice of reconsideration
and the $2100 was restored to the budget.
Judge Cabaniss* plea for an Increase
from two to three stenographers in the
Police Court was successful.
Sheriff JLackmnnn asked that four addi
tional guards to superintend road - work
be allowed. He estimated that with an
expenditure of $2400 the roads could be
improved to the extent of $10,000, besides
doing $3000 worth of farm work. The ex
tra guards were allowed.
Curtis here introducedan amendment to
his resolution extending an invitation to
the peace envoys of the South African re
pubUcs to visit this city, which was de
feated at the afternoon session. He elim
inated the clause sympathizing with the
Boers and the resolution prevailed.
Reed advocated an increase In the ap
propriation for examination of available
sources for a water supply from $20,000 to
$30,000, In order that the provisions of the
charter and platform of the party might
be carried out, and the Increase was
adopted.
McCarthy urged that the appropriation
of $10,000 for the improvement of Troca
dero Gulch be included in the appropria
tion for improvements to be made by the
Board of Public Works. ,Mr. Pope ad
dressed the board, and asked that it keep
its promise to provide for the improve
ment made when the appropriation -was
surrendered three months ago. Mr. Pope
said tnat the property owners had ex
pended $50,000 to Improve Nineteenth ave
nue, and the improvement of the gulch
was ordered^
Reed objected to appropriating 510.000
for abstracts of title to the property In
the Park Panhandle district on the
ground that the abstracts should be paid
for out of the sales of bonds. The Mayor
stated that condemnation proceedings
could not begin until the abstracts were
furnished. Reed said that as soon as a
decision on the bond question was handed
down the bonds could be sold. Reed
thought that the chances are that the de
cision would be against the issue and that
$10,000 should not be squandered on a con
tingency. The appropriation, however,
was not disturbed.
McCarthy renewed his crusade against
the Department of Public Health by raov-
Inc that the expenses be reduced from
$02,000 to $G7,5C0. but the motion was lost.
The Twenty-sixth street Hospital was
given a subsistence account of $2100, to be
deducted from the City and County Hos
pital appropriation of $30,000.
McCarthy's motion to cut It to $S0,000
was lost. '
The Department of Electricity suffered
a cut of $20,151 from Its original appropria
tion. -
The Fire Department was allowed $708,
71S. , Reed moved that the Department of
Elections be allowed $124,900, an Increase
of $15,000. for a 'special election for the
acquisition of a public lighting plant, but
the -motion was lost. .The appropriation
stood at $109,900.
The Civil Service Commission was al
lowed/ JSICO. which Includes the salaries of
a clerk and typewriter.
The sum of $4000 was apportioned to pay
amounts due for services of appraisers of
property- on extension- of the Park Pan
handle.
The original. estimate of 51,090.000 for tne
School Department was* Increased by $20.
<OOO for repairs ¦ and IJO.OOO for school jan
itors, these funds being taken from the
Board of Public Works.
The J500Q.set aside for altering the park
lodge so as to lit it. for public use was
changed to Improve the hospital park lot
on the representation of Boxton that the
property owners . would spend an addi
tional $3000. but another $5000 was appro
priated for the first mentioned purpose.
Increasing the full appropriation to ?*«•
000 for the park. , ,
Just before . adjournment, Brandenstein
engaged in a wordy war with Reed over
the increase in the appropriation frotn
$10,000 to $30,000 for examination of public
utilities, and moved that It be fixed at
$20,000, but the motion was lost. • The bal
ance of $GSGO in the revised appropriations
was transferred to the fund for Improv
ing streets.
The merchants have taken a hand in the
quarantine of Chinatown and the result
of their Interest is another batch of rules
for the tightening of the dead line. The
State Boarl of Health wants to take a
hand, too, but the Governor will not au
thorize any steps until he has had a look
Into the situation himself, and he will
look into It all the sooner because of a
communication from Secretary of State
Hay requesting that he make a report
upon the condition of affairs here. And it
Is more than certain that the better class
of the Chinese have taken a hand and are
working through the Minister at Washing
ton to have the situation made at least
bearable for the indigent Inside the lines.
Chue Yet, president of the Chinese Mer
chants' "Exchange, has taken a keen In
terest in those to whom the quarantine is
a double hardship— that is the poor who
have no money to buy food and no chance
to earn any. and he has been credited
with a communication that has gone on to
Washington protesting against the action
of the local authorities as being in viola
tion of the treaty between this country
and China and « calling - attention to the
urgent need for some effort In behalf of
those who cannot help themselves.
The Chinese Minister has been informed
that there are at least seven thousand
Chinese in quarantine who are in actual
need of food and he knows, too, that they
have appealed to the local Health Board
in vain. This may have been the begin
ning of the effort to establish the deten
tion camp on Angel Island, for the local
Board of Health Is now seeking accom
modations for at least eight thousand in
digent and hungry Chinese condemned to
isolation. Steps were taken at the board
meeting yesterday to send fifteen hundred
over to Mission Rock to-day, for the
board has secured the consent of the Cali
fornia Drydock Company to use the old
wharf. But it is well known that Mis
sion Rock is too small to be of much, use
and bo the scheme of establishing a camp
on Angel Island will be carried through.
It will cost at least $7500 to put the place
in condition, and when it is ready It will
be under Federal control. It is claimed
there is too much routine and red tape in
the local system, and the Federal authori
ties are gradually reaching for the con
trol of the situation. They are probably
hurried by the fact that Chinese and
Japanese are leaving the State, and the
destinations of not more than half of them
are known. With. several thousand of the
indigent on Angel Island, a Government
station and 1500 more on Mission Rock,
to which the Government is laying claim,
the class most liable to disease will be
well under the Federal wing and the Fed
eral quarantine officer will practically be
With the Indigent out, too, Chinatown
can be cleaned thoroughly and with dis
patch for it is the indigent that collect
the filth and live in surroundings that in
vite contagion.
At the meeting of the board yesterday
afternoon it was decided to further draw
the quarantine lines- and make them ab
solute against all but the officers and
members of the Board of Health. To that
end the following report from the quaran
tine committee was adopted:
Tho quarantine at present is defective . In
many ressccts and flagrant infractions of the
regulations are being reported daily. With an
earnest desire to remedy these evils and to
bring the quarantine, in fact as vrcll as in
name, up to the proper standard, we recom
mend the adoption without delay of the fol
lowing measures:
Stoppage of streetcar travel through the dis
trict quarantined, surrounding the infected
area with a double cordon of sruards, and a
detail of sixty policemen - at :• Portsmouth
ttquare,-to be used for presTVlnB order in thn
district; placing, wherever practicable.- barbed
To-Day.
Federal Authorities Seeking Control.
Streetcars to. Be Stopped Run
ning Through the District
Fifteen Hundred to Mission
Rock, Seven Thousand
to Angel Island.
CHINATOWN TO
BE CLEARED OF
ALL ITS POOR
• « IS Honor the Mayor has been made to feel again that he is not the whole thing in San Francisco. Basking in
• II the smiles of his few and faithful flatterers, living in the glorious reflection of his municipal greatness and In the
l\ memory of some of the local Commissioners who would not obey him and who were made to feel the weight of his
! I " displeasure, he has awakened to the astounding realization that he overstepped the bounds and has been turned
. * down.
More than that, the trick has been done by a common, ordinary, everyday policeman. In all the assertion of
" his local majesty Mayor Phelan demanded the right to enter the Chinatown quarantine lines on Friday night. He was
' stopped at the ropes.
', "You can't come In here," shouted Officer J. Attridge, warningly. "We have positive orders to allow no one to
. pass the lines."
"But don't you know who I am?" said the Mayor, rising to his full dignity. "Don't you know who I am?"
"Yes. I know who you are; but that makes no difference. I'm here to obey orders."
His Honor pleaded that all he wanted to do was to go. to the detention tent in Portsmouth square and that really
' the tent was not in quarantine. Pleading and expostulation were of no avail. The police officer had received his orders
! and would not alter them or disobey them. And now his Honor the Mayor is divided between a scheme to be Inoculated
! or to expend his wrath upon the patrolman who failed to recognize under his Honor's silk hat that majesty which
makes him superior to the laws— even those of quarantine.
Mayor Phelan Seeks to Force the Quarantine.
The Board of Supervisors Bet its seal of
disapproval upon unsightly billboards and
advertising fences yesterday by passing
an ordinance limiting their height to ten
feet. The ordinance is intended to regu
late the construction of fences of wood
and other inflammable material within
the city limits. There was no discussion
before the vote was taken, but Branden
stein interposed a weak objection between
a. 10-foot and 20-foot fence. The vote on
the ordinance follows: J
prisonment.
Ayes— Booth, Boxton, Connor, Curds,
d'Ancora. Dwyer. For.tana, Helms, Mc-
Carthy, Reed, Sanderson.
Noes — Brandenstein. Comte, Hotallnff,
Jennings. McCarthy, Maguire.
-The ordinance follows:
B« it ordained by the people of the city
¦nd county of San Francisco.
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any
person, association cr corporation to build
or maintain or to puffer to be built or
maintained within the city and county of
Ban Francisco any fence of wood or other
inflammable material exceeding ten feet in
height above the level of the sidewalk.
without the permit of the Board of Public
Works of the city and county of Saa Fran
cisco be first obtained.
Section 2. No permit shall be glTen to
build or maintain a fence of wood or other
Inflammable material over ten fe«t In height
above the level of the sidewalk unless said
frace Ss bui't or maintained as a wind
break or aa a mear.s to protect the public
from Injury from any building or other
structure In the course of construction.
sJteration or destruction.
Section 3. Any fence built or maintained
In \'lclatlon of the provisions of this ordi
nance is hereby declared a public nuisance
and the Chief of Police upon direction of
the Beard cf Public Works shall abate the
Hist forthwith.
Section 4. All fence* of wood or other In
flammable material shall be subject to the
supervision of the Board of Public Works, .
and shall be constructed and maintained to
the satisfaction of said board.
Section 5. Any person, association cr cor
poration violating any of the provisions of
this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
five hundred iJSOG) dollars or by Imprison
ment in the County Jail not exceeding six
(€) months or by both such fine and im-
Curtis introduced a resolution extending
tc the peace envoys of the South African
republic and Orange Free State a hearty
invitation to visit San Francisco before
their departure from the United States
and expressing- sincerest sympathy for the
r.oble sons of liberty whom they represent
in South Africa.
Reed moved to refer the resolution to the
Judiciary Committee to determine if the
action of the board would have any effect
on the international status of the affair,
but it was lost, as was the resolution.
Miscellaneous Business.
The City Attorney was directed to appear
on behalf of the city in the action begun by
the laurel Hill Cemetery Association to test
the validity of the ordinance closing the cem
eteries.
The clrrk of the board tras directed to ad
vertise for bids for furnishing books, stationery
and blanks for the city departments In ac
cordance with the nchetiule and specifications
prepared by the Committee on Printing.
A resolution was adopted requiring all heads
cf departments to make requisition for sta
tionery for July. J300.
The Improvement Club No. 1 of South San
Francifro notified the board that in conse
cuence at the unsanitary condition of the Bur
r.ett Sch'vil the members of the club will not
all.-w their children to attend and requested
Immediate action on the complaint.
The Evening Post v/as allowed the mm of
JCGC7 r.S out of the general fund for. printing
the delinquent tax list. .
B^ferred to Committees.
The following petitions and communications
were referred to commltte**: Wells Drury,
fcr the rescinding of the resolution providing
for the removal of the criminal departments
of the Superior Court to the Hall of Justice;
Georjre II. Rcundley. for an arpropriatlon of
J1G.500 for pundry Improvements la the Unl
verp'.ty Mound iJlrtrirt; Shea & Shea, furnish
ing an fstlrr.ate of the coit of flttlng up the
t^renth-rtreet police station; Pacific Surety
Company, sureties for Bateman Brothers, stat
:r ~ that It has completed the Hall of Justice
and Morrue builders and demanding final set
tlement in accordance with the terms of the
contract; Federation cf Mission Improvement
Clubs, Inclosing a copy of a resolution re
6entlng what It deems an unwarranted attack
upon Its representative. Max Popper, by Super
visor Reed.
Street Work.
Th* Board of Public Works recommended
that Twenty-third rtreet, between Rhode It
land and 1>» Haro streets, be irradM; that
Khode iEland street, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third streets, be graded and that
a 10-lnch iron stone pipe sewer be laid in the
block: that the roadway of Broderlck ttreet,
between Lombard and Chestnut, be macad&m-
Ired: that the roadway of I-yon etrpet, between
Jackaon and Pacific, be fully accepted.
It Is Unla-wrful to Disfigure the City
With Unsightly Signs— Board of
Works to Have Super
vision.
Board of Supervisors Passes
the Ordinance Regu
lating Them.
HIS HONOR THE MAYOR
CALLED BY A POLICEMAN.
FENCES WILL BE
LIMITED TO TEN
FEET IN HEIGHT
The Board of Supervisors fixed the tax
rate for the next fiscal year at $1,137 on
every $100 of assessed valuation at yester
day's meeting, which lasted until after
midnight. The meeting was devoted al
most entirely to the consideration of the
budget as recommended by the Finance
Committee, which has been heretofore
published. The appropriations for the va
rious departments were taken up sepa
rately and discussions of a more or less
Interesting nature were had upon each
item. A number of reductions in the
original estimates were made, but the sav
ings thus effected were transferred to
other funds.
The rate of $1,137 allows $1 for the ex
penditures of the municipal government,
the rate of .137 being applied to raising
revenue fcr the park fund, interest ana
sinking fund, as provided by the charter,
and for the repayment of taxes paid' un
der protest on bonds held by the Sup'reme
Court'to be unassessable." The total sum
necessary to supply the needs of the city
for the next nscal year is $3,632,985. of
which *4,26S,tit» is to be raised by taxation
and $1,424,325 irom other sources.
The segregated expenditures and rate of
taxation necessary lor their provision fol
low :
General fund, J3.927.0OO, rate .8760; school
fund, Jl.160.000, .lus7; library fund, J59.50O,
.0153; park, $240,000, .1)635; Interest and sinking
fund, $2ti,uo0, .0(jt)6; interest and sinking fund,
new, $L'U5,5W, .UG5ti; repayment of taxes, $6ti,7ao,
.0113. Grand totals: lixpendltures, ii.tJi7.uS5;
tax rate, J1.137 on every UOO valuation.
The decreases adopted in the various ap
portionments are as follows:
SupervUora, J300; clerks Board of Equaliza
tion, $200; burial of indigent dead. »luOu; In
terment of deceased United States soldiers.
tlatiO; municipal reports, »10u0; lurniture public
buildings, $lww; telephone service, JalWO; main
tenance feeble minded children, Zmju; license
blanks, JoOO; Assessor, »4i00; public lighting.
*io,wu; Coroner's ofnee, »7W); publishing delin
quent tax list, *125O; leedlng and stabung po
lice patrol, »»30; l>epartment of Kleciions,
JSOUO; Department of lilectnelty, J20.154. Xhe
increases were: County Clerk's of lice, one ex
ira copyist, J1200; extra stenographer In police
court, »24uo; examination water supplied, *iu,-
MK>; Dohce stations, *ii>0.
Supervisor Reed made a strong effort
in tne interest or economy to reauce tnt?
salaries ot tne cierKs in me otnee or tne
Hoard of Supervisors from tlbw to $15uv.
.tie contenutci that *m per month was
sufficient pay for cierKs, and that if tne
boaru mtenuea to reauce municipal ex
penses it should commence in us own of
rtce. Uranaenstein agreed with Keeu and
staled that as clerks in other departments
received but \V£>, that ngure snouid by
adopted. Uwyer and Curus opposed tha
reduction on the ground that me clerks
dunes were onerous and that they otten
worked overtime. Heed moved that two
clerks be paici *1SOU and live $15W, but
the motion was lost. Brandenstein moved
that the stationery clerks receive Jlooo,
instead of ?l.^'O per year. The motion
prevailed ana the economical streak re
sulted in a reduction to the enormous
extent of $300 per year, the supervisors
account being H2.00O. ' , .
The estimate of $900 for the clerks of
the Board of .Equalization was cut to $7uu.
but McCarthy's motion to cut the adver
tising from *2O,0tW to $15,000 was lost. In
view of the tact that the bids "for burial
of indigent dead showed a large reduction
that item was cut from $6000 to $o(X»0.
On motion of Boxton the fund tor the
interment of deceased ex-Union soldiers
and sailors was reduced from $3uoo to
$1500 with instructions to the Hospital
and Health Committee to inquire into the
advisability of the appropriation. _
Brandenstein objected to allowing JbOOO
for printing municipal reports, but Tobin
explained that last year $S500 had been
expended for that purpose. The Item
was however, reduced to $5000.
The motion to cut the appropriation for
prisoners' subsistence from $4S, 000 to $46,
000 was opposed by Tobin, who said that
Sheriff Lackmann had lived within his
appropriation during the last six months
and had been very economical. Branden
stein held that subsistence had cost $16,-
OoO this year and should not cost any more
the next. The motion was lost and the
Sheriff will get J4S.000 to feed his pris-
Brandenstein objected to spending $1500
for a safe for the Assessor, saying that
he already • had a vault in his office.
Tobin stated that the Assessor had not
been allowed any extra clerks and. was
placated by being allowed the safe. Ma
gulre said that the safe was necessary
because moneys were ' received by the
Assessor after the Treasurer's office was
closed. Heed suggested that the Treas
urer's ofilce be kept open until 5 p. m.,
as provided by the charter. The motion
to leave provision for the safe out of the
fund prevailed.
McCarthy suggested that a central sta
tion for the city, telephones be establish
ed so as to permit of a reduction. Reed
moved that the figure be reduced from
$12,000 to $6000. Brandenstein favored Ma
guire's amendment that the fund be fixed
at $7000, aa he thought the telephone mo
nopoly could be brought to time, and the
latter figure was adopted. '
Reed moved that the item of $94S0 for
158 hydrants in the water fund be stricken
out on the ground that it was simply a
gift from the city to the Spring \ alley
Water Works. He contended that in ilx
ing the water rates the company had
been allowed 5 per cent on its Invest
ment. Tobin said that* the corporation
would remove the hydrants If It were
not paid for them, and that It had allowed
them to remain with the understanding
that they would be paid for out of the
next tax levy. Curtis argued that the
hydrants were absolutely necessary, but
Connor held that the board could not
save $34S0 easier than by eliminating the
item entirely. Reed finally changed his
motion so that the sum be taken off
the total appropriation of $23S,0S0 with
out specifying any particular item, but
the motion was lost and the original
amount was allowed to stand.
Brandenstein opposed the item of $10,000
for the maintenance of minors in the
Magdalen Asylum, as he thought there
were sufficient public Institutions for the
purpose and that an additional - burden
should not be imposed on the city. Reed
held that the Inmates were supported for
a lower figure than were those of other
institutions and the amount was left un
disturbed. The ' Mayor suggested that a
committee be appointed, to investigate
the institutions of that class. The motion
to roduce the Item of $20,000 for mainte
nance of feeble-minded children to $15,000
was carried.
Reed objected to allowing the Auditor
four extra clerks included in the item
of preparing the assessment roll, and
Brandcnsteln's motion that: he be allow
ed but two extra clerks with a consequent
reduction of $2400 in • the appropriation
was lost by- a tie vote.
Reed opposed ,the recommendation of
the Finance Committee that the Assessor
be not allowed $4500 for extra clerks. Reed
held that the money would be well placed
by bringing . larger returns of taxable
property. Assessor Dodge addressed the
board and stated that'while he had asked
for the extra clerks as a plain business
proposition, he .would withdraw his re
quest. Reed then moved that the clerks
be allowed, but the motion failed to get
a second and $4500 was sliced off the As
sessor's appropriation. '
.When the board reconvened in the even-
Inp. Reed wanted the appropriation of
$275,000 for public lighting cut to $250,000
Hotaling opposed the reduction, saying
that there .was an urgent demand on the
part of the people for well lighted streets.
Reed held that competition would soon
result in lower light rates. He figured
that competitive rates would save 533 000
and thus leave a surplus of $S00O. Rran
donstein contended that ,'sorae provision
should be made for future lights made
necessary by the growth of the city. 1 Gas
Inspector . Tupper thought that the public
lighting would cost only. $260,000 when the
competitive rates of 42Vs cents for electric
and 9 cents per night for. gas lamps would
rule.: Brandensteln's .motion that the
lighting appropriation be placed at $255 -
000, representing a cut of $20,000, was
adopted; .,.'¦•¦
\. DA ncona- moved that the incidental
expenses allowed the Coroner be reduced
Rate of $1,137 Necessary
for Needs of the City
Government.
Revenue From Taxes and Other
Sources Estimated at $5,692,
985—Finance Committee's
Budget Considered.
TAX LEVY FOR
THE YEAR FIXED
BY SUPERVISORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1900.
Bench and Bar.
12
$1 50 misses* kid shoes for 50c a pair at
the Beehive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. •
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk .. skirts, fur.
capes: liberal credit.. M. Rothschild. 626 Sutler.*
OPHIR OIL CO MP ANY
Mills Buildina, San Francisco.'
Los Ang-eles Office. 402 Douglas Block.
WELLS ALL AROUND US.
NEW STRIKES AT COALIXGA.
OIL SEEPAGES AND OIL
SANDSTONE ON THE OPH1K
TRACTS. ' > "
BUT NOW— Later you will- pay
more for the same stock.
STOCK FULLY PAID.
NON-ASSESSABLE.
Directed and operated by leading busi-
ness men. Call or tend for
prospectus.
OjP«//?
OIL
STOCK!
Your grocer will sell you Cof-
farin if he sees that you will hot
accept anything else.
Children can grow up to like'
Cof=fariri
just as their parents like tea or
coffee. And think of the good
the Cof-farin will do. It makes
healthy, strong children and
keeps them well.
Lirnoges
French CUirm
nt Prices to Sell Quietly
Come Just to Look.
Great AEencaa Imptutii* Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
Zlft-kj2 (irant Avo. <Bet. Sutter and PoatX
S«l Market St. «Oi;p. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
>36 Hayes St. ns Third St.
1419 folk St. K\ MontjTomMT Art.
2516 Mission St. 705 Larktn St.
tO<X Sixteenth St. 1H9 D*v!sad-*ro St
US Ninth St. - ' 47K Haieht St.
W08 Fllimore St. RS5 Mission St.
C Market St. 2T32 Hth St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1K3 Washington 6c. Hs K. I2th St.
1237 Broadway. 11«3 !3d Am.
1M0 Seventh St. UU Park St.. Alasneda.
Hole's.
•'PLAYING HOUSE"
la what our housewives In San Francisco
can do when their husbands, brothers and
sons send all. their . soiled linens to the
United States Laundry. No home work
can produce the Immaculate and finely
polished shirt front, cuff or collar turned
out by us. Experts handle all our work.
and laces, curtains or fine linens are dona
up equal to new. - ••}-'.
"No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 4O9 12th Street.
WeBHiCMlBBTYeai
BIk books, little bookB, we bind "em all. Send
to Mrsell-Rollina, 22 Clay, - ... •
Has tt «ver struck you that you can buy
Jeree Moore "AA" whiskey for almost the same
price that !• paid for ordinary whiskey? Tour
dealer has It.
U bonder what Hales .. ._.„:„! fnnlnroe
§ have on sale tojav?- the special features
I j|% of to-day's selling |
$ cik^^sL an< * f
W cotton fabrics S
W$ \ 22 °° yards bleached sheeting co |J
vA /^^/Ss$^vstS^^ mchcs wide> ¦ for ful1 size doub!e bed< 5
W *&!a*&VBB U%\^W heavy 30c quality yard K
iA M a llW 4O pieces — or nearly 2500 yards— gj
1P, 1 / § 3 M BOB \ printed silkoline. in dark colors, made jj
vP V# Q m 1% q^a trom strona: thread, and espe- j|
4$ sSftJl M KLlUa^ cially adapted for comfortable covering, ,?
ch m&&^0&' per yard 8 I-3C gH
St» ££?Ka I^°° varc * s double face covert cloths,
'li. KjJ n&-j plain on one side, reverse side plaid pat- Jl.
*is{3 fMi^l^^^^MJJg terns, blue, and brown shades, the VQ
pr/v t^riBOTPfTOTmwm** heavy 15c quality, to close. .. I2'y 2 c yard iJ
H fancy SilkS-so™ w/ '"^resting items ft
'Cp in all the popular shades, our 75c quality, 19-inch wide. &
h% fancy lace stripe tafleta 59c yard M
rL in all the dainty shades of blue, lilac, Bei-e. reseda, blacic '*
ff» and white, our $1.2=; quality, full 19-inch wide, canela stripes 5j
m J'ard ?5c Jf
\*A an examination of stock discloses some broken and pdd y,
UA lines of silks in the $1.00 grade, they consist of charming per- W
7M sian cords, fancy satin stripes, beautiful hemstitched cffect3. m.
fa checks, etc., and to induce quick selling they all go on sale to- «
)& day at y ard 75c »
$| lace news «^
J^ the lace selling xas very brisk here yesterday, and frorn the J|
m satisfaction expressed by our patrons promises to be equally ac- J>
Wl tive to-day. _ . , . fJ
Tt those torcho- * ¦ • worth 8 1-3C to 15c, otiered for 5c; ths VI
42 english torchon i&cc 'aging and insertion, the cream and Jl
*fft black silk chantilly lace, and the white normandie lace, all worth J
1T\ from ioc to 20c a yard and otiered at 7 l Ac, will be in great de- 51
'A mand, while the better j?rade offered special at oc, 15c, 25c and Jf,
ffl 48c. which arc on the same basis of price reduction, will find JJ
/52 much favor. J^
g? first quality enamelware g
fi* it's interesting to seee the great stacks of enamelware in our &
tZ basement salesroom, and profitable to buy first quality good3 at f,
fTn 15 to 20 per cent under regular prices. W
milkpans, 3-Quart ioc
wash basins 12c '^
3^ coffee flasks ioc yj
pA lipped saucepan, 4-quart size 23c *#
|S preserve kettles, 5-quart size 20c iy'
** dishpans, 10-quart size 39c ¦ V
j^S a full line at correspondingly low prices. Yr
'k '^^2£2£P GOOD&^^ A
,rgv- '"¦' \fn\ _ \y
Hals'*.