Two Charges Hade.
There are two distinct charges made by
the Grand Jury against Mr. Dalton,
though both of them grow out of the per
sonal property roll matter. The Indict
ment is upon the charge that Mr. Dalton
destroyed one of the assessment books of
the county*In order to protect himself
from the liability for uncollected taxes.
The accusation upon which his removal
from office is asked is that Mr. Dalton
did not perform his duty as Assessor and
enter upon the personal property roll the
names of all of those In the county who
possessed personal property and collect
taxes thereon.
The Jaw requires the". County Assessor
to collect the personal propejty taxes of
th© county, and In order to. force the col
lection of these ;taxes' a' penalty was im
posed, making the Assessor and his
bondsmen responsible for > all the uncol
lected taxes upon personah property. It is
charged that In order to shield himself
from this liability that - the County As
sessor destroyed the memorandum books
In which his deputies made' the 'original
assessment of the - personal property -\ of
the county, and it is specifically- charged
that he destroyed one book entitled the
"Oakland : City Assessment: Roll of Per
sonal Property for the Year, 1339."
The accusation is based upon another al
leged effort to avoid this liability for the
uncollected personal property taxes. It is
charged that the Assessor did not enter on
the "' personal property, roll of :. the ; county
the names of those who became delinquent
upon their personal property" tax and that
this v.-as done to avoid the liability under
this law.* *
District Attorney Allen's Statsrnent.
District Attorney Allen, who drew the
documents and who will have to prosecute
them in the name of the county, said to
night:
"Both of the proceedings hinge upon the
law in regard to the collection of personal
property taxes. This law contains a strict
provision intended to, force the collection
of these, taxes,' and the actions depend
upon the constitutionality of this law. The
personal property roll of the county 13
practically made up from the stubs of the
receipts for personal property taxes. As a
matter of protection the Assessor doe3
not enter upon the personal property roll
ihe names of those who do not pay their
personal property taxes, even though they
may have been assessed. The indictment
is based upon the destruction of a per
sonal property book that was supposed to
contain the names of those owning per
sonal property on which taxes had not
been paid. Everything depends upon the
legality of the clause Inflicting a penalty
upon the Assessor for non-collection."
The Indictment.
The essential charges In the indictment
are: ¦ _v
That certain assessments of cer
tain personal property in Alameda
County, at 12 o'clock meridian of
the fir&t Monday- of March. A D
1SS:>, made and entered by said
deputy assessors In said memo
randa booli as aforesaid and coRled
into said book so entitled "Oakland
Assessment Roll of' Personal Prop
erty for 1K»" as aforesaid, con
tained in said book so entitled,
were not copied into said assess
ment book of personal property of
Alameda County, delivered to said
clerk of the Board of: Supervisors
as aforesaid, and no other record
of said certain assessments than
was'contained In said book that
was entitled "Oakland City Assess
ment Roll for 1S03" was preserved
by said assessor.
That during all the times herein
mentioned raid book was the prop
erty of the said County of Ala
meda. and during Said time became
an official record of the Assessor's
office of the said County of Ala
meda.
- That on or about the day of -
February. 1900. at the said County
Following Is the personnel of the
Alameda County Grand Jury
whose indictment and accusation
of Assessor Henry P. Dalton has
created a sensation:
T. I,. BARKER (Foreman)
JOHN DICKSON
WILLIAM DAY
A. L. FISH
ERNEST A. BHANGS
EDGAS BISHOP
GEO. B. M. GEAY
MINOR HTLLYARD
FRAN3CLIN BANGS
SAKUEL HZYWOOD
LOUIS H0MEIEB
IRA 3¥L WENT WORTH
ANDREW J. NOR
' JOHN B.' GREENLEAF
GE0B.GE BURBECK
ROBERT M. TURNER -
JAMES MOFFITT
C. P. HOAG
HUGO ABRAHAMSON
OAKLAND, June ».— The long expect
ed and much discussed repcrt of
the 'Alameda' County' Grand Jury
was handed to Judge Greene of the
Superior Court this morning, but was not
made public until afternoon. In order that
the District Attorney might be given timi*
to prepare a warrant upon the Indictment
found and to prepare the accusation
against Assessor Dalton so that It could
be served.
The Grand Jury had been called to meet
at 10 o'clock this morning, but. though
the Jury was ready to report last Tues
day, It found that there was still . an
hour's business to be done, and District
Attorney Allen was closeted with the
Jurors for that time. It was approaching
the noon hour when the jury finally filed
Into the box and Foreman T. L. Barker
arose and presented three paper?, two to
Judge Greene and one to District Attor
ney Allen.
One of the' documents handed to the
Judge was the formal report of the Grand
Jury, and the other was evidently an in
dictment, but those present in the court
room missed the value of the third paper
and supposed that.lt was merely a copy
of the report until District Attorney
Allen, late in the afternoon, announced
that he had served upon County Assessor
Dalton an accusation by the Grand Jury
and a suit to remove him from office.
It was this latter, act "that surprised
everybody, .for while the Indictment was
generally expected, that; the Grand ' Jury
should go still further and order "suit to
Grand Jury Presenting 1 Its, Report to Judge Greene.
•"^rOTTN'TT Assessor Henry P. Dilton was indicted by the Grand Jury of Alameda County yesterday for
the destruction of one of the prrsonal property rolls of his olHce in order to avoid ths liability imposed
ty law for failure to collect all personal property taxes. The Grand Jury at the same time presented
an accusation against County Ass:ssor Dalton, ordering the District Attorney to bring suit against hin to
oust him from of5cs for failure to prop;rly prepare the personal property rolls of the county and. to prop
erly collect the psrsonal property taxes.
Mr. Dalton no^v has ono civil suit against him to recover the fees received by him for preparing
the assessment roll of the City cf Oakland, a suit has been ordered instituted against him by the Board
of Supervisors for the commissions upon the poll taxes withheld from ths county, and now is to bs addsd
a suit to rrincve him from offica and an indictment for destroying public records.
Mr. Dalton makes indigncnt denial of any criminal actions, announces his intention of forcing all
of these suits to an early issue, and charges that every one of thess is a political move intended to in
jure him.
Perhaps not the least incident in a day of sensations is the charg3 that is mad? to-night by Mr. Dal
ton's organ that Superior Judg2 W. E. Greene, in whose court the Grand Jury was acting, ordered these
indictments.
Inquisitors Also Demand His Removal From
GfflGe for Failure to Properly Collect
All Personal Propertu Taxes.
BERL.IX, June 7. — The new Hamburg-
American liner Deutschland ran high
aground off Stettin upon her trial trip,
and has not yet been floated. The work
of dredging her over the bar will require
ten days, and her start for Hamburg Is
now fixed for July 5 Instead of June 2L
Emperor William has sent warships to
aid in the work of floating the liner, and
has gtven 'special instructions on the sub
ject
MOST GLOOMY NEWS
COMES FROM CHINA
LONDON', June S.— The situation in
China, as measured by abundant unoffi
cial telegrams, continues full of interest
ing pocFibiHties. but apparently it has not
ZroTrri worse during- the last twenty-fbur
hour?, although the favorite adjectives of
.Laadga .And Continental comm»ntators
ar.? "¦perilous." "grave" and. "dangerous."
The • naval commanders in Chir.ese
waters have ¦ received 'Identical instruc
tions as to procedure, the question as to
an emergency being left to their discre
tion. No fears are entertained as to the
.scfety of the l»?ations at Peking. Euro
pean residents, however, are escaping
from the capital to the coast. Peking is
still under contrcl, according to a dis
patch to th<? Morning- Post, dated yester
day, but in a very excited state. A thou
sand foreign guards were garrisoning the
legation bouses! Six hundred Interna
tional troops are at Tientsin with six
guns. A dispatch to the Daily Mail
from Shanghai, dated June 7. takes a
gloomy view cf things, which are pictured
as going from bad to worse. The corres
pondent says: "The authorities are dis
playing palpably guilty., supineness in
dr>alin5 ¦with thf Boxers and the powers
are more and more raking matters into
their own hands. The Boxer revolt is
spreading and is rapidly changing its
character. The Boxers arc fretting: arms,
preparing to meet force with force. There
has been no communication between
Peking and Tientsin since Tuesday, al
though one miserable abortive attempt
has been made by Chinese soldiers to
reach the capital. The troops were fired
upon and the train had to come back.
Another station has been' burned on the
line." ¦ ; *
A news agency dispatch from Tientsin,
dated yesterday, says: "TJie Boxers are
still raiding and pillaging over a wide
area. They have wrecked and burned the
station? at Long Fonffiatyl -Lanroo. It
has been definitely ascertained that Mme.
Astier and Messrs. Ossent and Cades have
been murdered. General , Xieh claims to
have defeated the Bcxcrs. killing 5<T0."
The morning par»ors. in long editorials
dealing with the Chinese situation, refer
to the possible course of the United States.
The Dally Mail, which goes beyond any
other In urging America to take the lead
in Int*-rvention. under the caption. "Mc-
Kinley"? Opportunity." rays: "The ITnlted
States have secured definite pledges as to
the maintenance of the open door and
their intervention would not produce fric
tion, danger of which Is to be anticipated
should either England or Russia act
alone. We have no desirc to provoke a
worM-wid* conflict. Yet our movements
are regarded with so much suspicion by
many Russians that serious complications
might ensue did we land a strong force
near Peking. The same applies to Rus
sia, face to face with ourselves, but the
United States have traditions with Rus
sia and a community of interests with
England. Their action would, therefore,
assure the hostility of neither power. It
need scarcely be said that they would
have the moral support of the British
people and our material support also, If
only the policy of our Government In the
Far East wore stronger than It Is. They
would certainly be assisted by Japan. .In
this way a world conflict disastrous to the
Interests of all great states could be best
avoided, and at the same time the pledges
which the skillful negotiations of Mr.
Hay have extricated from the various
powers would be vindicated. The oppor
tunity for America has come. Will she
be equal to it or will she let it slip from
her hands and lose her vast potentialities
of trade In Northern ChinaT"
England's financial Interests in China.
Interests that can be named on the Stock
Exchange, aggregate £40,000,000. These,
on an average, have declined 1 per cent.
There are also many trading companies
and syndicates holding concessions, which
are capitalized for vast unknown sums.
The English money in China is probably
close ta $500,000,000.
GEEMAN LI1TEE ASHORE.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON. June 7. — Anxiety respecting events in the Far East is
greater to-day than yesterday. Over and over again I heard the opinion
expressed that nothing can prevent wnr between Japan and Russia. In
diplomatic circles nothing else is taiked about. There now exists an ex
dteinent among diplomats such as has not besn kno"sra for years and
which, has entirely eclipsed all attention hitherto given to Ts-ar in South
Africa. A visit to the city revealed an increase in anxiety. There exists
in financial circles all the preliminaries of a panic, which sentiment has
affected all markets and quite neutralized the anticipated effect of the
good news frcm South Africa.
It only needs little, if anything- can bs judged from to-day's ap
pearance, for a very serious break in prices to take place. Public senti
ment is urging the Government to take a more active interest in the Chi
nese developments. All day long communications were going on be
tween the Foreign OQce and Tientsin, and generally the situation is
regarded as more serious.
secure an order to this effect, ilr. Con
ger's powers are regarded at? ample, but
he is not expected to take action in the
matter of dispatching military expeditions
to the interior of China that might be
equivalent to a declaration of war on our
part. In adhering closely to Its old-time
policy of abstention from Interference
with internal matters in China, especially
by refraining from entangling movements
in connection tvith the projects of other
rowers, the State Department is confldent
that it can properly care for all the legiti
mate interests in China during the present
crisis without beeomlrg involved itself
and without less of prestige.
LOXIXDN. June 7. — A special dispatch I
from Shanghai, dated 7:30 p. m. to- |
day, says the Dowager Empress j
has ordered General Neih Cheng j
with 3000 men to protect the r^l- i
T^aA at Peking. A severe fight. It is add- j
ed. has occurred ¦with the "Boxers."
whose ranks include many soldiers frcm
other generals' commands. . When the
battle ended 200 dead were left on the
Sfld.
Tho <2ispatcli goes on to say:
"One hundred and eighty British ma
rir.es. with a machine guru are about to
force a passage from Tientsin to Pe
kiryr. Altogether about 9» British have
t^n landed from the fieet; a greater nun:
hcr have landed from the combined ves
£»'.s of the other powers. This evidence
of Cr^at Britain's intention to assert her
position strongly gives great satisfaction
here."
For Protection cf Europeans.
BERLIN. June 7.-The officer corn
xra-ndins the German squadron at Ch«?foo
has fw-en directed by cable to cemi a de
tachment of sailors and marines to Tien
t5ln. and after cenferrfes with the Ger
man Minister at Pekirg to arranxe^wjlh.j
coir.manders of lire other squadrons re
jrardirjr further measures to be takon for
the protection of It is under
stood that Germany has officially dec!ar«3
h'r readiness to'act in concert with the
cthfr powers. But having no interests
outside of Shantung Province, she is r.ot
disposed to take the leading part In in
tervention ta China.
The German newspapers claim to have
discovered that the alleged secret agree
ment arrived at between Russia and
Japan to act together against Great Brit
r..in in thr- Fax East is purely fictitious.
Th*> National Zeitung avtrs that Great
Britain stands hand In glove with Japan.
Great Britain's Stand.
I/)N"DON". June 7.— It is said her* that if
the [Jetted S:at*«s expects Great Britain
to rake Initiative or independent action in
Chir-a. as might be gathered from sp<?cial
cabte dispatches quoting Congressman
Illtt, it is depending on a contingency
trfcich a;riear? very remote indeed. From
every Continental capital to-<iay cones
evidence of how keenly tho powers a?
rr*>ciate the Far Eastern crisis, yet the
British Fereiirn O«ice retains the apa
thetic attitude which for years ha? dis
tlr4rv:ished Ita Chinese policy. Thongh
th* lioxers' outbreak ha.s doubled ir. viru
ler.cp. and international complications
have since cropped up. the Marquis of
Salisbury appears to have taken no new
strps to iswt the emerffency. A repre
sentative of th* Associated Press was in
formed oScially to-dny that th>? British
Minister at Peliir.?, Si. Claude M. Mac
<1ot^iM. and his assistants, are still in
complete charge of the situation, and are
relied upon to meet any circumstance
•which may ariso, arm«d as they are with
authority to call upon the British China
equadrcn for more trocps. if they are
reeded.
The Government understands that the
diplomatic and r:aval authorities ca the
cpot are co-operating harmoniously, and
to long as this state of affairs continues
Lord Saliburj" -ets no irnmediate neces
sity for taking steps over the British
Minister's head..
Sounding Other Po-wcrs.
In spite of t.he fact that the Associated
Press is officially inferred that CJreat
Britain has neither sounded cthrr powers
Tith the v'.evr of securing co-opcr3tlon in
a new and vigorous Chir.ese policy nor been
Bounded as to such action by any power,
there are cany rumors that such steps
are under consideration. A member of a
foreign embassy in London says that it
Is certain the British Foreign OScc is
contemplating scndlns instructions to all
Its ministers to secure the support of
other governments, especially the United
States, In a plan pf action. Though Rus-
Eia rclght be invited to Join, this concert
would have for its ulterior object the frus
tration of any designs Russia may har
bor for making capital out of the present
troubled *tate of affairs in China. This
statement the Eritish Foreign Office cate
gorically and emphatically droies. But
even If the denial is prompted by motives
cf policy, it can be said without reserve
that Great Britain will take no action on
her own initiative beyond the mere pro
tection of her own subjects. No public
pressure could ir.duce Lorrf Salisbury to
enter into further complications until the
South African war is finished.
But the tone of the British press is in
s-cnif contrast of tho official attitude. The
afternoon newspapers to-day are unani
mous in urging a combination of the
powers with a greater object than a mere
temporary- suppression of the "Boxers."
Attitude of America.
¦WASHINGTON. June 7.— An indication
of the care exercised by the State Depart
ment Is afforded by the Instructions to
Minister Conger, sent yesterday, to draw
upon Admiral KempfT for any force need
ed to protect his legation and such refu
gw* as might properly claim the right of
asylum there cr in the consulates. The
Minister was not even charged to send j
out the United States naval forces and
marines to points whore American mis
e!or.aries are reported to be beset and In
Jeopardy, although much pressure has
been brought to bear upon the State De
j^Jtmfent by the missionary interests to '
Imperial Troops Engage in Bat
tle With "Boxers" Near Pe
king, and 2OO Dead Are Left
on the Field.
Such Is the General Opinion in
London, Where Conditions in
China Cause the Greatest
Anxiety.
WAR BETWEEN RUSSIA
AND JAPAN IS CERTAIN
ALMEDA GRAND JURY HAS INDICTED
ASSESSOR HENRY P. DALTON
Three Policemen and a Photographer
Shot as the Besult of
Riots.
ST. LOUIS. June 7.— Three police offlceTS
were shot I» various part3 of the city to
night as the result of riot3. Michael
Gibbons was hit in, the ankle and D. J.
Boland in the knee and W. O. Coates In.
the back. The latter's wound U serious.
Gibbons and Boland were acting a3
guards on Union line cars and Coates wa3
en a patrol wa?on guarding property of
the Transit Company.
While standing on the rear platform of
a north-bound Union Use car. John Goet
lln a photographer. 2u years of age. was
shot and seriously wounded to-night at
FJTtecnth and Chambers streets. The
C'.y Hospital physicians say that Goet-
Ung will probably die within twenty-four
hours from the result cf bis Injury.
NEW TRAGEDIES IN
THE STREET CAR STRIKE
Special Cable to The Call end Ntw York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
Transvaal President Tells "Why
He Fled From Pretoria and
i Declares the War Is Not Over
by Any Means.
T ONEON, June 8.— The Daily Mail publishes this dispatch from Its
J 4 special correspondent:
LOUEENZO MARQUES. June 7. — President Kruger and bis gov
ernment are still at Machadodorp, \rhere it is statsd a stand will be
made with probably twenty to twsnty-five thousand men. In view cf the
present circumstances it is not probable that the defeated Boers will re
tain means or courage to move their army north, although the more des
pcrcte wish to do so. A number of British prisoners from Waterfall
have been moved to Novitgcdacht.
Trains are still arriving froin the Transvaal with straggling 1 paa
sengcrs.
LONDON. June S. 3 a. m.— Th? execu
* tlve offices of the Transvaal Gov
ernment are in a railway car.
J which is shunted on a switch at
Machadodorp station. President
Kruprer caused the interior of the coach
to tw? reconstructed some time ago with
a view tn contingencies that have now
arrived. The correspondent of the Daily
Express who went from Lourenzo Mar
<iue3 to pee President Kruger was received
yesterday. The President sat smoking a
long pipe. He looked worried, but his
bearing was quiet and determined. He did
not make the least objection to being in
terviewed. The correspondent wa3
equipped for the interview by cables from
London, "
"Yes." said President Kruger, "it is
quite true that the British have occupied
Pretoria. This, however, does not end the
war. Th« burghers are fully determined
to fight to the last. They will never sur
render so long as 500 armed men remain
in the country. I feel deeply encouraged
by the fine work Stpyn and De Wet are
tioin:? in the Free State."
The correspondent, suggested that the
war was over, inasmuch as the capital
had been taken.
Where the Capital Is.
"The capital!" explained Mr. Kruger
with energy, "what is a capital? It does
not consist of any particular collection of
bricks and mortar. The capital cf the re
public, the soar of government, !s here In
this car. Th*?re fs- no - magic- about any
special site. Our country is invaded, it
is true, but it is not conquered. The Gov
ernment is still effective."
Referring to the reasons why he left
Pretoria. Mr. Kruger said:
"I was not foolish enough to be taken
prisoner. 'I provided thi3 means of loco
motion precisely for the same reason as
our burghers supply themselves with
horses when they take the fleM. It U
necessary that I should be aW? to move
quickly from place to place. That is all.
By and by this car will take me back
to Pretoria. For the present it enables
me to keep av.ay from Pretoria, where 1
coul'J be of no service and where I should
only piay into the aands of the enemy."
"They "say. Mr. Kru?er," remarked the
correspondent, "that you have brought
with vou gold to the value of ii2.00O.WJO?"
"It is not true/' replied the President.
"Whatever monetary lesources 1 may
havc with me are simply those which we
require for state purposes. At the same
time I am not going ta tell you wftere
our treasure is. Let Rpberts tind It II he
Kruger Will Not Flee.
"They also say in London. Mr. Kruger.
that you contemplate taking refuge on a
Dutch man-of-war at Lourenzo Marques."
"That is again a lie," retorted the Presi
dent with vehemence. "1 know of no
such. Dutch war vessel. I am not contem
plating refuge anywhere. I shall not leave
my country. There will be no need of my
doing anything cf the kind."
The correspondent said, "Then. sir. there
Is much surprise at your having left Mrs.
Kruger behind."
President Kruper replied: "But why?
Mrs. Kruger is quite safe in Pretoria. She
would oniy be put to personal inconven
ience here. All communication between us
Is stopped, of course, but she will await
my return with calmness and courage.
She is a brave woman. I am here awaiting
further information. We are surrounded
by faithful burghers nnd are quite safe."
Secretary of State Reitz remarked:
"You may depend upon it that the war Is
not yet over. Guerrilla warfare will con
tinue over an enormous area. We intend
to flght to the bitter end and shall prob
ably retire upon Lyndenburg. where we
can hold out for many months."
"Yes," observed Air. Kruger, "It 13 only
row that the real struggle has begun. I
fear that there will still be much blood
shed, but the fault is that of the British
Government."
Then raising his voice to an almost pas
sionate height Mr. Kruger exclaimed:
"The time has passed for U3 to talk. We
have done plenty of that, but it has done
us no good. The only thing left for us to
do Is to keep en fighting, to keep on fight
ing."
The correspondent who secured the in
terview telegraphed It direct from
Machaddodorp station yesterday, when
the wires were working as usual to Lou
renzo Marques.
The Daily Express in commenting upon
the Interview refers to the "unabated de
fiance of the chief of the Transvaalers."
Nine hundred British prisoners arrived
Tuesday at Nooitgedacht. They were
penned In a barbed wire fence of four
acres on the open veldt.
- 0 ™! D * Post from Pretoria, dated Jen©
"The Boprs pledged themselves to
twenty British officers not to take British
prisoners away if these officers would
control them and prevent an outbreak.
5&£2£S?&5! began their
-\rter SOO had been taken British sheila
struck a train that was leading and the
Boers desisted and retired. The British
ol.ieere at Daspoort refused to leave their
quarters and made the Boer commandant
a prisoner, releasing him at midnight on
condition that he would cancel the ord*r
for the removal of the prisoners. The
Pretoria forts were found without guns.
All the artillery had been got away "
Another dispatch says: "Sixteen hun
dred British prisoner were removed-
After the Government had taken away
most of the stores the burghers were
Riven a free hand to help themselves. All
the British found was a few hundred bags
of coffee and sugar."
Yeomanry Lost Heavily.
LONDON. June 7.— The list of casualties
no-ar cominsr through indicates that there
was severe fishtinr before the Thirteenth
Yeomanry surrendered. Already the
names of nineteen men killed and twenty
eight wounded have been issued. The
killed include Sir John Elliott Cecil Power
baronet, and axorg the wounded Is tha
Earl of Longford.
Kroger and the Dutch.
LONDON. June. 7.—Tae Blr=Hnghara
Tort. or*an of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain.
Secretary of S;ate tor the Colonies, says
it hears from an official source at The
Haciif that a serious question concerning
President Krueer is now before the Neth
erlands Ministry- The paper add3 that the
President, up to Ia3t Friday, had decided
to seek refuge on board the Dutch cruiser
Friesiand. now off Lourenzo Marques, and
asserts: "There is beyond doubt good
reason to believe that Instructions on the
subject have been cabled to the command
er of the warship."
Lansdo— as and Wolscley at Oats.
LONDON. June 7.— The strained r«>!a
laticcs between the Secretary of State for
War. the Marquis cf Lans.lowne, and the
British comma nder-ln-chief of force. Lord
Wolseley. appear to have reached such a
pitch that, but for the exigencies of the
situation. Lord "Wolseley would have re
signed. It seem? that Lord Lansdowr.e
attempted to nsurp some of the authority
already heretofore wielded by the Com
mander-in-chief, and the latter is now
said to have laid the whole matter be
fore Lord Salisbury-
Must Become Sritish States.
LONDON. June 7.— The Liberal leader
in the House of Commons. Sir Campbell-
Bannerman. speaking at Glasgow to-day
on the attitude of the opposition toward
the South African question, said It was
not for the government, who had atlowe;!
the war. to rlenl with what it left behind.
The members of the opposition admitted
thev vrere only onlookers ard critics. Tha
two conquered republics must in some
form become states of" the British Em
pire, and while the success of the army
relieved them from anxiety. South African
affairs still demanded intense, watchful
interests.
:. . Not the Time to Return.
LONDON. June ".—The following dis
patch has been received at the Coionial
effice from the British High Commission
er in South Africa. Sir Alfred Mllner:
"CAPE TOWN. June 7.— It is reported
by telegram tha: large numbers of miners
and others are about to start for the
Transvaal from Southampton on Saturday.
Cannot a public notification be Issued
warning the people against premature re
turn here? They will be delayed at Cape
points, and will only Increase the numbers
supported by charity. It must be a couple
cf months at least before the bulk of
those now in the colony and In Natal can
be allowed, to return or work generally
can be resumed."
Boer Envoys Welcomed.
ST. PAUL. June 7.— Dr. Abram H.
Fischer and William Wessels. two of tha
Boer envoys, arrived In this city at noon,
to-day. Mrs. Fischer accompanied her
husband. A special reception committee
welcomed the visitors to the Northwest.
There was a large crowd at the depot and
the Minnesota State band played patriotic
American airs. Governor Llnd called oa
the visitors at the Ryan Hotel soon after
thefr arrival. A public reception was held
from 1:30 to 3 o'clock this afternoon, and
a drive about the city followed later in
the day. A mass-meeting was held la the
Auditorium to-night.
Roberts Intercepts Two Trains.
According to a dispatch from Lourenzo
Marques dated yesterday Lord Roberta
is reported to. have intercepted two
trains full leaving the vicinity of Pre
toria. Telegrams from the - British side
are exceedingly, scanty. Two brief ones
received from Pretoria say that Mr3.
Kruger still occupies the Presidency and
that a number of engines and cars have
been secured. The British under Major
de Lisle captured a machine gun am!
caused the Bo«rs heavy loss, the British
casualties being slight. Boer officials re
moved VTOO.CUO in gold from the Natlunal
Bank June 4. but did not touch 'the cash
holdings of the other banks.
Some of the Boers are surrendering vol
untarily and the townspeople of Pretoria
are described as showing considerable en
thusiasm over the British arrival. Mr.
Prevost : Batteresby in a dispatch to the
Kruger Has Rallied Some
Twenty-Five Thousand Men
AVith Which He Intends to
Make a Fight.
BOERS TO BATTLE
AT MACHADODORP
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUXE 8, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued -on- Pase Two.
be brought to remove Mr. Dalton from
office was like a bolt from a clear sky
and created a sensation.
The warrant upon the indictment was
served by Deputy Sheriff Wales, and Mr.
Dalton at cnce furnished a bond in the
sum of J100O, with H. H. Havens and A.
J. Reed as sureties. Mr. .Haven is a re
tired attorney and brother-in-law . of the
late F. K. Shattuck and A. J. Read is the
foreman of the mechanical department of
the Enquirer. ¦->.'%"'
Later the accusation was served upon
Mr. Dalton by Deputy Sheriff Welch.
The San Francisco Call.On the other hand, it is understood that
Judge Greene, when conferring with the
Grand Jury, as he did by their request,
advised them that they ought* to find the
indictment. ¦ :.-.- *
• Judge Greene was shown the Enquirer
statement in regard .to his alleged re
sponsibility for the Indictment, and when
asked to make a statement said:
"I only advised the Grand Jury upon
matters of law, and never upon the mat
ter of whether they should indict or. not.
That is an act that the Grand Jury alone
can perform.
"As to the insinuation- that the giving
of : the 'report 'to. the public was delayed
for any special reason, I have only to say
that the law requires that when an in
dictment, is' found neither-, the; clerk
of the court nor the grand jurors nor: the
Judge shall divulge the name or docu-
Jn the courtroom Immediately after the
1 report of the Jury was known, one of the
; deputies of the District Attorney said to
, Mr. Dalton: "I am sorry for this. The
• District Attorney's office has advised the
Jury that there was nothing in the chaige
and has counseled it against bringing In an
¦ Indictment." ,
the Indictment of Dalton.
One of the important features of the
situation is a statement made In the En
quirer this evening which involves Judge
Greene, who received the report. The En
quirer Is the organ of County Assessor
Dalton, and it makes the direct and spe
cific charge that Judge Greene was re
sponsible for the indictment pf the Asses
sor. This Is likely to be a serious matter,
for Judge Greene does not allow such im
putations to stand against him, and the
cases will come to trial in Judge Greene's
department of the Superior Court. This
is the statement from the Enquirer:
ATTACKS JUDGE GREENE.
The Enquirer Says That He Advissd
not to be misled by the political intrigues
of my bitter enemies. I have every faith
in the sense of fairness of a majority of
those gentlemen who do not favor my
political aspirations, but fcr the political
ring. that has taken this Indecent and un
just methpd-of fighting me I have nothing
but utter contempt. I am charged with
destroying public records, but there never
has been *» public record of any kind de
stroyed in my office, which the result of
the matters now pending In court will prove
beyond all question of doubt. I have al
ways conducted the affairs of my 'office hon
estly and fearlessly, and this is an effort
to punish me by a political eane. who, be
caut-e they car.net ru!e me, tre doing their
little best to ruin me. ¦
HENRY P. DALTON.
irrespective of partr or political prefer
ences. is that they consider the facts as to
the charges made by the Grand Jury, and
Immediately after, the wedding cere
mony the bridal party and wedding guests
were driveji to the handsome residence. of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Alexander, which
is situated on the side of the hill just
overlooking the picturesque lake of Tuxe
do. This Is a spacious house with rooms
of generous dimensions and has attractive
verandas.
The bridal pair, with their attendants
and members of the two families, took
their places in what is known as the-liv
ing-room, a beautiful room in white and
gold and hung with Gobelin tapestries,
its windows overlooking the lake. After
brief and Informal congratulations the
wedding breakfast wan served, tables be
ing placed on verandas and all over; tho
lower part of the house. Huge clusters of
pink and white peas decorated each table.
The entire bridal party was seated at
one oval table in what is known as the
new library. . In the center of this table
was a mound of. orchids and one^.of Its
ornaments was an artistic loving cup, an
heirloom of the Cary family of Virginia,
of which the bridegroom's mother, is a
member. This cup, of colonial times, fol
lowing the conventional design of straw
berry, is inscribed with the Cary coat of
arms and the date 1772. Since that date
it has done service st weddings and chris
tenings of the descendants of the Carys.
To-day the health of this young couple
The Wedding Breakfast.
black lace over cerise silk; Mrs. Russell
Soley. black gauze, with insertion of black
lace over white silk; Miss Foley, white
mull over pale, blue silk; Mrs. Paul Tuck
erman, cerise and white figured foulard.,-
Mrs. Pierre . Lorillard Jr.'s toilet was
of white crepe de chine, with white pic
ture hat and pearl ornaments; Mrs. Rich
ard Mortimer, pearl gray crepe, with -hat
to correspond; Miss Maria deBarll, cadet
blue taffeta, covered with black lace;, Mrs.
L. D. Juillard. ecru batiste and. guipure
lace, with snjall capots of pale green, or
naments of pearls; Mrs. Herbert' Pell,
white taffeta, with hat to -.correspond:
Mrs J. Fred Tarns, mauve and white
foulard; Mrs. Theodore Frelinghuysen,
embroidered white crepe: Mrs. E. Henry
Harriman. blue and white fdulard. : with
black hat: Mrs. Timothy L., Woodruff
wore white gauze appliqued .with, black
lace; Mrs. Floyd Bryce, black lace' and
pink flowered organdie over white, taffeta,
with black lace bonnet: Miss Clare Bryce;
white lace and gauze; Miss Trevor Whitiv
crepe trimmed with broad bands of gold
lace; Mrs. F.; S. Wetherbee. silver gray
crepe elaborately embroidered, with
sleeves of white lace embroidered in cold
paillettes; Mrs. "Louis Fitzgerald, black
gauze and lace over white taffeta; Mrs.
James Brown Lord, black jetted net over
white taffeta. .
was drunk from the cup. The wedding
breakfast was served by Sherry and the
menu was as follow, s:
Hors d'Oeuvre.
Oeufs drouillet aux truffles.
Sauman froid, sauce ravlgote.
Filet de boeuf aux champignons.
Haricots verts.
Poissons grilles.
Pointes d'Asperges a l'huile.
1 Glace.
Turbau aux fralses, cardenal.
s * Petits fours.
Marons glaces.
Bonbons, cerises fondantes.
Fraises fondantes.
Cafe.
Champaigne, Apollinaris.
During the breakfast the Hungarian
band played numerous selections.
Gown of the Bride.
Miss Crocker's wedding gown was a
dream in point lace, "satin and mousselinc
de sole. A whisper has gone forth that
the exquisite point lace used in the mak
ing of it alone cost $20,000. Miss Crocker
would be the last to mention the price of
anything she wore, but it would be just
like her to order a gown never before
equaled.
Brought up by a grandmother of the
old-fashioned kind in the strictest econ
omy; allowed pin money of only $50 a
month until two years ago; forced to buy
her bicycle on the installment plan, it is
no wonder this heiress to a fortune of
$4,000,000 .has been lavish ! in expenditure
since the money was placed in her care
on September 7, when she became of age.
The gown is rich white satin, but the
bodice looks as if it were entirely of point
lace, and the skirt is combined with filmy
mousseline de sole.
The skirt is made with a front breadth
of white satin, with Inserted accordion
pleatings of white mousseline de sole at
each side. These pleatings are very nar
row at the waist line, but broaden out
gracefully as they near the hem. They
are trimmed with a soft jabot of point
lace, mingled with a vine of orange blos
soms. The trailing orange blossoms reach
from the waist line quite to the hem of
th The k lonV white satin train is untrimmed.
At the waist the satin is arranged in
graceful corrugations, which unfold grad-
U The bodice is made with a transparent
vokc entirely of the very valuable point
lace. The lace is also draped over the
white satin corsage in graceful berth.
The sleeves are one of the unusual feat-
ures of the costly wedding gown. They
are made entirely of point lace and are
close fitting, made very long, reaching
nearly to the finser tips.
Miss Crocker wore no gloves. Her veil
was of point lace and even more costly
than Miss Clark's, which was valued at
$4000. The veil fell well over the long
train and was caught with orange blos
soms where it was draped on the head.
So exquisitely fine is the lace that it looks
as if it were made by fairies instead of
mortal fingers. ,„,
This lace-trimmed robe of Miss Crocker
will set an entirely new fashion in wed
ding gowns. I
Miss Crocker's going away gown is dark
blue crepe de chine. It Is trimmed with
bands of satin in a lighter shade of blue.
One of her house gowns looks like a
cloud of lace. It is all a mass of real lace
in narrow. insertions and tiny frills, and
the lining is white chiffon and white lib
erty satin. "
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 7.— The fol
lowing pensions have been granted:
California: Original— William E. Har
ris, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $8;
Asahel K. Waters, Los Angeles, JS; Louis
R. Kelley, Clay Station, $S; John H.
Moore. East Los Angeles, $10. Addi
tional—Darwin E.' Boyce, Pasadena, JS;
Joseph Basel, Los Angeles, $6. Renewal-
Joseph C. Ballinger, Bakersfleld. $6. In
crease—Carlos Laufer, Qulncy, $S: Albert
O. Collins, Big Pine, $15; James Mitchell.
Veterans* Home, Xapa, $S. Original-
David S. Keener. Chlco, $6; August M.
Schutt, Oakland, $6; Henry Miller, San
Miguel. $6. Increase — Thomas Morris,
Plymouth, $10; Lyman Hotaling.~Reddln£r,
$1° Original widows, etc.— Anna M. Deitz
ler. Berkeley, $30. #
Washington: Original— Jeremiah Wha
len, Florence, $6. Increase— Joshua S.
Lyons. La Centre. $12. Original widows,
etc— Annie B. Fleming, Spokane. $3.
Original— James W. Jones (dead). Kettle
Falls, $8. Additional— Richard C. Cus
tard. Orting, $12. Increase— Spencer W.
Vestal, North Yakima, $3. Original
widows, etc.— Restoration- and reissue,
Louise Crawford, Kettle Falls. $12.
A postoffice has been established at
Amago. San Diego County, with Pio B.
Amago Postmaster.^ £g»Ok
Mary A^Chidsey has been commissioned
Postmaster at Prairie City, Or.
The following Postmasters have been
appointed: . California-Buena Park. Or
ange County. James H. Whittaker. vice
George H. . -Warren, removed; Garey,
Santa Barbara County, Thomas J. Tun
nell. vice Elizo^B. Ruiz, removed
Oregon— Redland, Clackamas County.
Ruth Hlckman. vice James M. Behymer,
resigned. f •;>
Mrs. Walker Breese Smith was in lilac
crepe de chine and white lace; Mrs. Ferdi
nand Wilm«-rding, black foulard, with
white polka dots; Mrs. Arthur M. Dodge,
Mrs. Fairfax Harrison's gown was of
white crrpe, appliqued with black lace,
with a picture nat of white.
As the weather was delightful and mild
there was a decided showing of smart
summer costumes, and the men. taking
advantage of the country wedding, in
many cases departed from the conven
tional frock coat and silk hat. Mrs. Alex
ander, the bride's. aunt, wore an elegant
gown of white crepe and cluny lace, with
a large white hat to correspond, and some
superb pearls. Mrs. Easton. the bride's
maternal grandmother who is a sister of
D. O. Mills, was in silver gray satin en
tirely covered with black thread lace.
She "wore a close-fitting bonnet to corre
spond.
Mrs. Burton Harrison's gown was of
reseda peau de sole, trimmed with wide
bands of cluny lace. She wore a small
bonnet of the same combination. Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid, cousin of the bride, wore
a gown of white cluny lace over white
taffeta and a. bonnet of yellow straw, as
well as Fome beautiful pearls. Mrs. Heber
R. Bishop was in black jetted crepe de
chine and gauze, with a small bonnet of
the same materials.
Costumes of Guests.
There were few Californians present,
among them being "William Crocker, Miss
Mary Scott, Miss Caroline Taylor, Miss
Jennie Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. Oelrichs and
Mrs. Phcbe A. Hearst. \
The bridal party included Misses Susan
Alexander. Caroline. Taylor, Mary Scott
and Jean Reid and the little Misses Jen
nie Crocker and Harriet Alexander were
Miss Crocker's attendants. , Frank L.
Polke was best man. The ushers were
Archibald Harrison, brother of the bride
groom; Albert T. Fairfax. Grover Mor
ris Frederick dHauteville and William
Sloane of New York City, with Benjamin
Cable cf Chicago.
SfFFERN, N. T.. June 7:— One of the
most beautiful and fashionable wed
dings that has taken place at Tux
edo Park was that of Hiss Mary
Crocker, daughter of the late
Charles F. Crocker, and Francis Burton
Harrison. The wedding ceremony was
performed shortly after noon to-day in
St. Man's Church by the Rev. Dr. W. F.
Brand of Baltimore, greatuncle of the
bridegroom, assisted by the Rev. George
GrenviHe Merritt, rector of the church.
The bride was given into the keeping of
the groom by her greatuncle, D. O. Mills.
The capitals of the pillars from which
the numerous arches of the church spring
were covered with masses of white peo
nies, and the arches were outlined with
branches and sprays from forest trees.
From the high-pointed arch over the altar
dropped festoons of woodlawn gTeens and
from the center there was suspended an
immense wedding bell of white roses. On
each pew was fastened large bunches of
white roses tied with l<jne white stream
ers.
Brilliarxt ar\d Gostly Gos
tumes Worn b\j tke
Bridal Party ar\d the
Torhmate FeW Who
Were-Bidderv.
Charg«s That the Grand Jury Action j
Wcs Inspired by Politics.
County AsA'Fsor Henry P. Dalton rras j
mad clear through when the Grand Jury !
made Its report. Deppltr? the rumors that i
there was to be an indictment of h'rr.self, ]
the Assessor hardly believed It until the j
document was presented. Then he boiled
cvrr.
"I am indicted and I have plven my
Oonilf." he faid. "and I am poinjr to make
those fellow? pweat for this. It 1? a Joh.
bnd I am poing to fight this and every
one connected with it. It is nothing but
a political job. in which a lot of felJou'8
ere trying to defeat me for Congress
find pet c\ - en for what I have done to
them, and this Grand Jury has merely !
r>*>cn a political tool. I am jroini? to fight ¦
them all from Metcalf down or from Slet-
Ctlf up. jnsi as you please to put It.
"The men who put up this job on me [
ere T. 1.,. Barker, the foreman of the
Orand Jury, and Franklin Bangs and
William Day and the Churches. throuRh
Homeler, Bob Iyckie. County Expert Bul
lork and Metcalf. They are simply pay-
Ing off political and personal spites
through the Grand Jury. It is an> out- t
rape, and I am poing to see the finish of
r-very man who is connected with this.
ICow I am going to be elected, and this
«rtll elect me without fail.
"The charges are flimsy. The books
that I am accused of destroyini? are only
poir.e memorandum books that are not
part of the county records. They are only
fo much scrap paper and are always
thrown in the waste basket when worked
UI Later in the day Mr. Dalton issued the
following official statement of his posi
tion:
What I ami charged with' destroying was
material which has always been destroyed. .
So lar *s 1 know, all- County Assessors have
destroyed these memorandum books as soon'
as they got through using them. . There were
no such books preserved In the office when
I took charge of it at the beginning of my
first term. I have every reason to believe
that the small memorandum books used by
the A«essor were never preserved and were
treated" as If they had been mere ecraps of
paper u*ed to flgureon. -
I never heard any suggestion made that
the book* should be preserved. ' It seemed
. to be taken for granted that they mere
merely material used In the making of an
afseesment which became valueless as *oon
e* It tea* made and were thrown away as
a i m h a ave r n°o W^or the results of a trial
I am confident it will fee. shown that 1
have done nothing wrong..- '.. - T--^-,
County 'AFsrssor Dalton to-night made
I supplemental signed statement as lol
ows: "
All I aek et tfce people of Alaxaeda County.
The actual report of the Grand Jury
was very fhnrt. and the only important
feature was" th» fo'.'.oxvir.p staterriTit upon
;he condition cf affairs in the Assessor's
Dfficp;
A» tfc* r.o<-.k* of the eotutty effirers hid ¦
been errxTted by t*<e last Grand Jury np
to about the end of 1SS*.«, and as the prfs«nt
efflciert county expert. Mr. Bullock, keeps
his work up to date. \re did not think St -
necessary to ciap'oy an expert. .We have
examined the book* of th^countj' officer*
•nd have .Sound th»ra (red kept ar.d u;j to
date ' « ith rtie exceptien of those of the
Assessor. Books lurnished ;he Assessor fcy
the county that «-eem to ue rught to be
'¦¦.:•'. in his office were not there; nnr v.ere
we able to leem from the Assessor or hl«
deputies what h»d become of them. It was
i:i evidence before, us that the Assessor is
not -c.oin;>lyinp with the plain letter of the
law, and "it was a duty as 'Krand jurors
that v could not evade to present hj? case
to the court for Judicial {nvestigation —
which we have done. .
We now ask to be discharged from fur
ther servic*..
T. 1.. nAHKEU. Foreman.
GKORGE nrRUETK. Secretary. :
DALTON ii STATEMENT.
The Report Itself.
* of AJameda. said Henry P. Dalton.
f.s Assessor aforesaid, willfully
• Ffcreted. permitted to be de«troy
' ed and willfully destroyed said
book fo entitled "Oakland City As
1 f< sFment Roil of Personal Property
for l£39." which was then and there
an o£3cial record of the Assessors
office of said County of Alanuaa.
The charges in Uie accusation are
Hows:
That raid Henry P. Ds'.tcn, a* As
i^fscr efcrenaid of «=aid county of Aia
nrrta. willfully and corruptly, know
ingly and intentionally, and with in
tent to defraud the said State of Oali
forr.ia and the said county ot Alameda,
rsiled to rlac^ and lift on said afsess
mrnt book ilelivei-Pd by him a» afore
said tr> the said clerk of the Hoard of
J-'uiiervifor? at the said county cf Ala
mfda coma in personal property In faid
county of Alanwia, Fuhjoct to asses?
rnpr.t and taxation thorrin fit 12 o'clork
riT'di&Ti of paid firft Monday of
starch A O. l*3i*. which Paid certain
personal r ro r ><>rt >' *'** placed ar.d listed
as aforesaid on the assessment book of
fftid Alarmfda County, fo delivered by
him *e aforesaid to the sa!d clerk of
the Boerd of Supervisors of raid Ala
meda Homily, was not then an<i il-.ere
or at all seoured by real estate, and
the taxes cue en said certain :>ersor.al
property pctn not in bis opinion a i' pn
upon re'al <-etct» s=u:n>ieni to secure the
payment or said taxes in paid county of
AlimnU. and willfully and corruj.tls-.
kn.iwinFly and intentionally, ar.d with
intent to defraud the said State cf Lali
fnr.ia ar:d 'he raid county of Alatne.ia.
faiied to i>lace and iit-t <n said r.sse?*
ment b-Kik the names of the j>ers-on«
t,y •.-horn sa'd rertaSn personal property
»"a* owr.r-d or claimed, or in wt-.ote pos
gess'.or. cr control It wa* at I* o"c!ork
rnrriCla-i cf the said first Monday of
March. A. I>. IS'.'?, though hif said dep
uties ha<i a^efsed said certain jarscnal
prepeity 8 s aforesaid, and made returns
«.f their said oswsftr.fnu. toRether with
t^.eir written memoranda, to said As-
Bessor a? aforeraid. all of which th?
said H»r.ry P. DaHon. a* Assessor as
eiore-sa'd well knew at the time he
delivered raid affttrafnt book to tire- *
iiid c«»rk of the Board of Supervisors
of. said county at Alameda.
Ir.zt the Dumber, kind, amount and
miaiity and cash value, exclusive <>f
money, of sai.i personal property, and
the amount of money which said Hrnry
P Dalton. as Afwfrrr a* aforesaid of
raid Aiamrfia County. faKeri to i>laf-e
end lift c:i raid assessment br>ok afore
said, end the per«>ns by whom raid
pi opei ty »e<! r.wnrd end clnirrc'd. ana
under mJ-.ose onntr'.l it ws? at II o'clnrk
rutritinn cf th'- raid first Monday of
Mar-h. A. L». l^.^. «r» unknown tn this
Grand Jury: but the aforesaid certa'a ,
personal proj-^rty which said Henry P-
Dalton es Aft-r«s'~r as nfrffaii of paid
county cf Alameda. railed to place and |
list ar aforessid or sai.i i«>fMn"nt
book of said rvmraXj ft Alam»da. fo de
livered t>y him as r.fcresai.1 to the said
clerk of the Rr-ard cf BaiMTVlwra of
said rour.ty. snd DMCbtr. kind, amount
and <;us.lity ther^if. »nd the cash value
thereof. «»xrIuMV» of money, and the
amount of mon«y nn-1 the r^rnnns and
names of the p»r>ons t>y whom said
personal rro:<erty was owned and
claimed, or in ¦whose jvyssefsiin or
< OtttTOl Jt was at 12 o'cl-yck meridian
if said first Monday of March. A. 1>.
ISP?, were well known tr> said Henry P.
Haltcn as Amwkit a& aforesaid of said
county cf A'emeda.
That e!l menr»rar.^«. other than th«
rmii ¦!¦ iiwiiii HI hDok. delivered as afore
»iald t<y sa'd Henry P. r»a'ton. as A»-
ap a^or'-Fai'i. to said c!«rk of the
Beard cf Surervifcrs of said coenty
of Alamrda. made between the first
Monday cf March. A. I). IS*!?. ?.n1 the
flrrt Alonday of July. A. It. 1>*». of the
personal property subject to taxation
er,d a"=5es-=rr.er,t tn the sa'd county of
A!sm«!i at 12 O'clock meridian oi t:-.e
first Monday or March.- A. D. ]W, and
which wts thereafter assessed hy raid
Henry P. I>altrjn. as Assessor eforesaid
of said cour.ty cf Alametja. and liy the
drputy assessors duly appointed by said
Henry P. 1 >cltcn. as Assessor a« afore
said of ssid county of A'.ameda. rnd
<iualiflea and acting hetwren the first
Menday of March. A. D. E0H and the
fin* Monday of July. A. 7>. KM, »fr;
•willfully deFtroyrvd by said Rcory P.
Dalton eubsenuer.i to the time r>t the
drlhery a* aforesaid by him of the paid
WmwimiH bonk <jf the county of Ala
meda to the satd *ierk of the Board of
Sup«-i-i*orB r" gr". - --aty of Alameda.
• • •
That by eau: virilfui and <nrmpt mis
er nduct in office cf said Henry P- Dal
tor. a? Asse*Bor a* aforesaid of raH
county of Alair.«>da. :•.- hereinbefore set
forth, the Raid State r,f <2aliforn:a
and the Fsld county of A!ame«3a have
been crfatly darr.a£'"d. end a larce
•mour.t of taxes due to said Scate *p&
couatr. th» exact amosrt of which is
unknovn to this Grand Jury, have been
lost to «a.id Str.te and county.
Inxnr\ediatel\j /Ifter . tke
Geremo^vj tke party
hfldjoxjms to tke Alex
ander Home for tke
Wedding Breakfast.
BURTON HARRISON WEDS MARY CROCKER,
WH I LE SOCIETY SMILES APPROVAL
Continued From Page One.
ALAMEDA GRAND
JURY HAS INDICTED
ASSESSOR DALTON
MURDERER WILCOX THROWS
OFF MASK OF INSANITY
Being "Warned by His Brother tns
Prisoner Quickly Besumes Hie
Former Attitude.
SANTA ROSA, June 7.— A most remark
able scene was witnessed in Judge Ben
nett's court to-day immediately after th»
close of the trial of Wife-murderer
George F. "Wilcox. Scarcely had the last
juror passed through the door into the
jury-room when WUcox threw off the
mask of insanity "he has worn ever since
..is arrest.
Throughout the long trial "Wilcox sat
with bowed head, trembling and shifting
hands and feet, his glance bent on his
shoe tips or a dirty piece of shirt he alter
nately folded and unfolded, a perfect pic
ture of a nervous wreck. This demeanor
lasted until the case went to the jury, but
the metamorphosis came when the last
juryman had passed into the Jury-room.
As the lock clicked, and while the people
in the courtroom had their eyes turned
full upon him, Wllcox suddenly straight
ened up, raised his head. and. calling a
deputy Sheriff to him, asked for a chew
of tobacco. "Sit down here," he said,
and then began talking freely, rationally
and with garrulousness. He talked of his
trial, of the witnesses, and was rattling
away In perfectly connected sentences
when Harry Wilcox, his brother, came
strolling up to the group. He listened a
moment, then said excitedly:
"For God's sake. George, get on to your
self; you may have another trial."
Ofle of "Wllcox's attorneys also appeared
on the scene about this time and whis
pered a warning to the prisoner.
Instantly his manner changed, his voice
was stilled and he was a dejected, quiv
ering human wreck. Indifferent to his
fate, unconscious of his surroundings.
After being out thirty hours tho jury
was at a late hour to-night taken from
the courthouse to a hotel, where they
were allowed to retire/ A deputy sheriff
was left to guard the door. Before they
were taken from the courthouse the jury
asked to be discharged. The foreman
stated that an agreement seemed impossi
ble. Judge Bennett, however, said that
Inasmuch as the trial had been a great
expense to the county he was desirous of
securing a verdict, and would, therefore.
eive them further time to consider the
case. Rumor ha? it that the jury is unani
mous for conviction, but that three jurors
are standing out for life imprisonment la
stead of the death penalty. -
MAY BE ABLE TO TALK
ACROSS THE CONTINENT
Electrician Announces a Plan Where
by Transcontinental Telephone
Is Possible.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. June 7.-Pr. Michael I.
Pupln of Columbia University has aroused
much Interest amonc electrlclan3 by tho
announcement of experiments tho suc
cess of which has made him confident of
being able to construct a transcontinental
telephone, or long land line telephone cir
cuits, by means of which persons In New
"VWk and San Francisco could speak to
each other with perfect ease.
Dr. Pupin first made known the results
of his experiments in a paper which ho
read recently at the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers In Philadelphia. The
title of his paper was "Telephoning over
cable and long distance air linos," a math
ematical abstract of which has been pub
lished In recent numbers of the Electrical
Review. ,
Dr. Puoln asserted that he had devlseil
a cable for telephoning, taking an ordi
nary ocean cable for experimental pur
poses. For land linos he proposes to use
induction coils at various and frequent
points of the line.
Earthquakes at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA. June 7.-Two slight
earthquake shocks were felt here to-dayi
the first at 9:43 this morning and the other
at 1:05 o'clock this afternoon. The vibra
tions were from east to west and were
accompanied by a low, rumbling noise.
»
Fire at Nadeau Hotel.
LOS ANGELES. June 7— The Nadeau
Hotel was damaged to the amount of J20C0
to-night by a fire which started in the
hotel cafe. The principal damage was
from water.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 190D.
PLACERVILLE, June 7.— News has
been received here of a quadruple
tragedy at Diamond Spjinga. Zac
ariah Zumwalt, while apparently In
sane, visited, the home of his son
George and : shot' him through the chest,
killing him instantly.:. V ;".'¦
The report of the rifle attracted the at
tention of Zumwalt's wife and daughter
in-law, who rushed to the scene, the latter
with p. baby "in her arms. The frenzied
man fired two more shots. '. The first bullet
struck his _wife In the" head, killing- her
instantly. Wie" second passed through the
head of the baby and into the body of Its
mother, who sank unconscious to tho- floor,
with the lifeless body of ' her offspring
clasped tightly In her -rms.
'A constable visit -.u the scene to arrest
the triple murderer. Ztunwalt stationed
himself at the door r.i'lti' the loaded rifle
and revolver and warned the officer not to
approach. / \
Sheriff Bosquet -was notified, and imme
diately organized a posse to capture Zum
walt dead or alive. Before he reached the
scene of tho tragedy, however,': Zumwalt'
had surrendered at 'the solicitation of his
other son.- Thomas, who had been} sum
moned from the Larkln mine, where he is
employed. .
. Little or nothing is known here of '. the
cause of the tragedy. ' Zumwalt and" his.
wife have been at outs for some tlrne.and
¦a.fewdays ago she.file'd a'auit for divorce
and . took , up her, -residence with? her son,
George,- near Diamond .Springs. af
ternoQn.Mrs.^Zumwalt'senior.and. George's
wife* were out together." They- had* been
; LAYTONVILLE,' June 7.— Cherles Fos
ter, an old and eccentric ; hermit, living
about ten , miles from ¦•< here in the hills,
was arrested to-day for an assault to
commit murder, on the person 'of Georgo
Reed. '.;¦ Reed,, who' lives In the'.vlcln!ty\,of
Foster's cabin, .was riding down the'high
way, arid \ in \ passing | Foster'* recognized a
dog. in tho incloRure that resembled ono he
had; lost some time ago, and when he at-
During a Dispute Over the
Ownership of a Dog.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fired Several • Shots at a Neighbor
MURDER ATTEMPTED
BY AN AGED HERMIT
The/ suit for divorce was probably at
the bottom of the tragedy. It is generally
believed that Zumwalt ' brooded over thi3
and other troubles until his mind was
affected- and with his brain afire he start
ed out on his mission of death. By the
time his other son arrived, however, he
had coaled - down and I meekly _ submitted
to arrest. Deputy Sheriff Houks took him
into custody and he Is now confined in
the local jail. . • .
in the house but a short time when Zum
walt arrived with a rifle. There was a
momentary parley, the sharp report of
a rifle and Georgo Zumwalt fell dead,
killed by his own father. Wife and
daughter-in-law and Infant grandchild
next fell victims to tho deadly rifle.
tempted to enter the yard to more closely
examine the animal Foster appeared at
the door of the cabin and threatened to
shoot him should he trespass further.
This defiant stand taken by Foster as
sured Reed that the dog was his and he
proceeded to enter the yard on horseback,
when Foster Immediately opened fire,
shooting three times and killing the val
uable horse Reed -was mounted on. but
missing its rider. After quickly disen
tangling himself from the body of the dy
ing horse Reed wrestled with the old man
for possession of the gun, which he suc
ceeded in getting and started on foot to
Laytonville for an officer. He had not
proceeded far when the aged hermit
secured another tun and .fired several
more shots, which fortunately missed the
retreating man.
Foster Is^an aged recluse, about 75 years
of age and lives a solitary life. He has
been living here for about twelve years
and Is a man of polished address. Noth
ing can be learned from him of his ante
cedents. He has always sufficient funds
to meet his living expenses without per
forming labor. He Is now in custody here.
Rice Held for Trial.
Special : Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL., June 7.— N. B. Rice,
who stabbed John Norby at Tiburon last
month, was to-day held over to the Su
perior Court in $1000 bonds by Justice Rod
den. The charge was reduced to assault
with a deadly weapon. Rice's attorney
to-day claimed that Norby has since his
recovery endeavored to extort money
from Rice and offered to drop the prose
cution if he secured $300.
Zacariah Zumwalt Commits Three Murders and
Stands Off Officers With Loaded
KILLED HIS WIFE, SON
AND INFANT GRANDCHILD
ments until the party accused Is under ar
rest. Under the law no other procedure
could be taken than the one follewed to
day.
"All of these statements are merely
made to create sympathy, and 'are with
out foundation In fact.
"I notice also that the Enquirer attacks
the grand jurors and the finds. as there
sult of political bias. That attack is un
just and unfair, and I believe that the
Grnnd Jury acted with great earnestness
and intelligence in the performance of
their duty." j
BARKER DENIES BIAS.
T. L. Barker, the foreman of the Grand
Jury that found thft indictments, was in
dignant when he. heard of . the charges
made by County Assessor Dalton.
"Mr. Dalton's. statement that I was ac
tuated by bias in this matter is ridicu
lous" said Mr. Barker. "Besides I was
only one member of the Grand Jury, and
there were eighteen others, 1 and it is un
fair to those other gentlemen to. say that
1 influenced the Grand Jury against him.
I only did my duty, and there is no rea
son why a Grand Jury should . not find
an Indictment, if they deem the; matter
worthy of indictment, against one county
official as against another.. Mr. Dalton
has been violating the law, and he will
admit to any one that ha has. been so
doinjr. We could do nothing else under
the circumstances but act as we did, f«r
this violation was deliberate and with his
lull knowledge.
"It Is unfair and unjust to that Grand
Jury to charge it with political bias. I
know that many of the members were
personal friends of Mr. Dalton, and most
of them were, I think, his political friends.
I know that one gentleman on the jury,
who is his warm friend, said to me: .'I
will regret all the days of my life that
I was on thi3 Grand Jury and that I
will be compelled to take this step, but I
can do" nothing else under my oath as
a grand:Juror.' ¦ I think that - every memv
ber of the Grand Jury felt, that-way, and
1 know that I did."
MAY BE TRANSFERRED.
What will be done with the cases is a
question. The accusation will have to be
answered on June 19 in Judge Greene's
department of the Superior Court. It is
generally believed that the cases will be
transferred to another' county, for it
would -.be extremely idiracult- to. get; a jury
in 'this" county, "so partisan la.' the. general;
population -of the county.- There is hardly
a man in the. county .who -is, eligible; to
serve on -the jury 'thatUwill-try the- case,
or who wants to serve on the jury. -
2
ADVERTISEMENTS, £
SHOES"
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.!.!.!.
r I ¦ I* " as i W §*< S" 4 H
1 Vil I flliiJ Yl iLLIia
LADIES' KID BUTTON SHOES,
turns and welts $1.43
LADIES' TAN AND BLACK
BICYCLE OXFORD TIES. . .SI. 15
MEN'S TAN SHOES $1.50
CHILDREN'S Patent Leather
and Kid Shoes 40c
BROKEN -LOTS.
ALL EXCELLENT SHOES.....
FOR VACATION.
SEE PRICES IN WINDOWS AND
BARGAIN COUNTER.
MAIL. ORDERS FILLED PKOMPTLT.
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ Tfc 'i> *fc >
ivTsnDR- JORDAN'S okat*
JyUSEOH OF ANATOMY^
, T «P The Lareest Anatomical Museum in tbo \
f S5=fea d i£a«p«-«»«" 1 7« r ; a ''y th * 0ldi4t I
th fifc'Tl SpecU'sr r» I.V Coast EsL36yo»rj. $
£ l&Wl DR.J0S3JW-?fllYATE DISEASES 0
\ BrtTS«*IM Consultation fr<»r and jtnrtW priTa>e. \
A I wiPSf Trtitment personally or by Inter. A M
91 ft t» N PatMrt* t*r« in ererycaie undertaken. T
\hf ItE Wrrtefo ,Book.rUli-Q«OP»V«tl
9 if 'I IT 14ABBM6K. MAIIBS FRSS. !,vf
\ M II ¦ muMe book tot an) \
9 nitt. JoBD AST A CO.. MM .Market St. 8. F. f
\M. T. HESS.
50TABT FOBLIO AND ATTOBHSY-AT-tiW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bid*.
Telephone Browa 931.
Restdence. S21 California »t.. below Powell.
Sao Francisco.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
I'DAPU Were successful at Norn* last
K rVUUll ye«r- All other* failed. In op*ra-
tton dally. » Sterenson st.. 9. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.'
¦ 1 rV Cfi V Gold dredging pumps, the only
•lAUlwUil successful pump manufactured.
*" w * ta suu> >t^ san Francisco.
COLD SAVER.
Don't rush off to Nome with a toy gold ma-
chine: examine? the Common-sense Gold Saver.
JOHN. M. MOONET, 621 Elizabeth mt. ; Caa-
tro-st. cars. .
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURXHAM-STANDETORD CO.. Washlncttm
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., a. F.MILWAUKEE. June 7.— After one cf the
most spirited sessions ever held by the
General Federation of Women's Clubs the
long discussed question of reorganization
was defeated to-day by a vote of 43$ to
VSS. So lively was the discussion that at
times there was a score of women on the
fioor demanding- recognition. But not for
a minute did Mrs. Lowe lose "control of
the convention.
Mrs. James Dow. president of the West
ern New Tork federation, effered an
amendment to the minority report of the
reorganization committee making pro
visions for State organizations that did
not wish to connect themselves with State
federations. As Mrs. Dow sat with the
Indiana contingent. It was thought to b<»
a plan to get the Indiana clubs Into the
federation without their having to join
their own State federation, connected wxth
which there has recently been gome
trouble. The motion met with disfavor
and was finally withdrawn. The debate
was finally closed by Mrs. Brock of Penn
sylvania, chairman of the reorganization
committee, who Is the champion of the
minority report, and. though she made a
most favorable Impression, the minority
report was lost in the vote, which was
linally called by States. 435 to SS.
Though the board of directors met thla
afternon the color question was not taken
from the table. The result creates a
growing belief that though the question
is bound to be settled it will be at the
discretion of the new board of director?.
The only new i^ature of the presidential
situation to-day wan the withdrawal of
Mrs. Williamson of New Jersey, which
left a clear field for Mrs. Lowe.
After the reorganization session. Mrs«.
; Ellen Henrotln of Chicago, the honorary
. president of the General Federation, ap
i pcared for the first time to present a
t memorial to Mr?. Edward Longstreth.
!\She was gl%-en an ovation.
J Then came the Industrial session, with
Mrs. Corinne S. Brown of Chicago as
chairman- Other section meetings were
devoted to "Civics," with Mrs. William
Heron of Cincinnati in the chair; "The
i Ethics of Wcr'it," under Mrs. Esther Noble
i of Norwalk. Conn.; "The Common Sense
of Domestic Science," with ilrs. Annie
' G. Whitmore of Denver. Colo., as chalr
', The session* were followed by a series
! of eleven elaborate receptions in as many
Milwaukee home?.
Thi.* evening at the Albambra Theater
one of the chief interests of the federa-
I tlon. the work cf the Consumers' Lea^t««».
I v.-s.s handled by Mrs. Sarah Platt Decker [
of Denver. Mrs- Frederick Nathan.
president of the New York Consumer?' |
I Leasrue. spoke cf "The Power and Re
\ eponsibliity of the Consumer": Mrs. Flor
i ence Keller of New York, secretary of
i the National Consumers* Leairue. spoke
of "The Consumers' League Label and
the Inspection of Factories'*: Miss Edith
M. Ho wells, president of the Massachu- t
setts Consumer*' L*-airue. discussed
i "How Can the Conscientious Consumer
Co-operate with the Conscientious Mer
chant and Manufacturer?"
Plans for future work were presented !
by Mrs. Corinne 3. Brown of Chicago. |
A new work In which the clnbwom«n
take lively Interest t? mnnidpal art I
which waa presented In Unpractical phases
by George Krlehn. Ph. D.. of Chicago i
w"ho spoke of "Municipal Art In America.'*
To-morrow interest will center la th»
e!ectlon of officers.
- . '•¦¦¦*¦ - ————«—.——.-.— _^
Failed of Confirmation.
, WASHINGTON'. Jnne 7.-The nomina
tions which have failed of confirmation
at this session of the Senate and were not
acted upon are as follows: W. H. Evart
of North Carolina, to be United States
District Jcdjre for the Western District
of North Carolina: Commander An^tmus
G. Kellogg. V. S. N.. retired, to be com
mander on the retired list of the nax>-.
Postmasters: Oregon— R. H. Robinson.
Arlington.
Long Discussed Question of Beorgan
, izatioa Is Finally Balloted On
and Defeated by a De
cisive Vote.
General Federation of
Women's Clubs Holds
Spirited Session.
COLOR QUESTION
HOT YET TAKEN
FROM THEME
MABEL E. CODDINGTON OF
AUBURN. WHO WON A SCHOL-
AUBURN. June 7. — Auburn Is protxtl
of her High School. To-night she
graduated her first class, ten In
number, as follows: Misses Mabel
Cooding^on. Myrtle Meacha-n.
Mary Fulton and Kmily Roberson and
Messrs. Ernest Wood. Homer Norton. Ed
wcrd Peterson. Edwy Safford, DaviJ
iJlcksor; and Charles Peterson.
All have been duly accredited to the
State University, and Miss Coddin^ton
has wrm a I^vi Strauss scholarship in
that school.
IXtinS , FEIGEXBAt'lI. "WHO -
CLAIMS TO HAVE BEEN RAIL
ROADED TO AN* ASYLUM. / <
SDod soldier, they say. and quick to learn.
Ho Is well educated and has traveled con
siderably, and his general appearance ts
gentlernar.ty and gives the lie to the in
sanity stcry-
At present Feisrerrbanm is tctatly with
out funds. He says that his money and
propertv, among which I* a ?<?at in th*r
Stock Exchange o* N>w York, worth
SSCO. are tn the hands o* the persons ap
pointed bv The court cf New York as his
guardian*. He declares that he- intends
to fight tbe case to the bitter end. and the
v.nvil authorities at Hare^Islacd seem de
rj»i"-mtn.»«1 m »f3D,1 hv him
FRENCH GENERAL PRAISES
.THE POLICY OF ENGLAND
Says Support cf Off.csrs in the Faca
of Reverses Has Mads
Victories
PARIS. June 7.— Irs the Senate to-day
during the discussion of the bU! provldls*
for the formation of a. colonial army. Gea
eral Bilot. tiv glut JUT Minister ef War.
eulogized the s.ttizi^l~i of Great Britain,
whicc be said, at tie time h»r tmops
were srfferln? reverses In tbe Transvaal,
supported her gen^rai* ard rendered pca
aibi* th- present -rt.rrories.
At the same tlrae Oeneral BSIot pra!s«<J
the brave Bo«r5 -who wtrb. a rt2e in on*
hand and a bibV? In the other were fight-
Ing for their Independence.
fined In an asylum at iliddletown, New-
York.
On the 14th of February, the present
year, he was removed from the asylum by
Els brother, as under ihe Saws of New
York an insane prisoner who is not vio
lent can be removed by a person who is
competent of taking charge of him. He
and nis brother crossed the continent to
Seattle when he fell in with some women
of not the h'phest character and was de
serted by his brother. He then went to
Portland and from there to San Francisco,
where he ran out of money. He app'ied
to the Masons for aid and received it.
W!th th<? money he received from th<»
Masons he went to Chfco. Cat., where he
worked on a farm. From Chico he re
turn ed to San Francl?co, where he en
listed In the marine corps and ts now sta
tioned at Mare Island. He- has not the
least appearance of an insane person.
The wife claims ihat Feisenbaum was,
to have been Incarcerated In the Midile
town State Homeopathic Hospital, but
that he escaped and came to California.
The police have been asked to apprehend
ami prepare him for return. Attorney
Loewy promising that Maurice W. Sam
uels of San Francisco would act In con
cert with the department.
F*»ig»nbaum's superior officers and eom
rsNies are unanimous In thetr d*>claration*
that he Is perfectly sane, and that his
conduct since he has been a member of
the- command 1 ' ha« never been In the least
anything out of the ordinary. He is a
VAIXEJO. June 7.— Loula Fefjren
baum. a member of the United
Slates marine corps, held here on
a charge cf Insanity, tells a remark
able story of woman's faithlessness
and man's duplicity, which. If substantiat
ed, may make matters uncomfortable for
a prominent N>w York financier.
He claims that * short time ago he was
assistant manager for the bonking firm of
Wormser* \t Co.. Wall street. New York,
and that Isldor Wormser. a member of
the firm, has conspired with Mrs. Feigen
baum to keep him In Insane asylums In
ord^T that illicit relations may be main
tained without Interference.
Th» first attempt was made In ISM.
¦when Fei?enbaum admits he was par
tially insane frcm a severe attack of tv
phot-l fever. On his recovery his employ
er ?ent him to Europe for health and
pleasure, and !t i? at this time he alleges
the Illicit relations besan. On his return
he sued his wlf» for dlvon-e. ramlne
Worms-r as corespondent. This was tfce
beginning of th? lems months of persecu
tion durin? which time four attempts
"were made to land Feigenbaurn in the
asylum. He traveled all over the country
and was he allP|r»s. consur.tlv fot!ow«i
by PInkerton detectlres.
"Before the divorce puit came -to trial
Felgenbanm was, at his wife's Instance,
arrested on a charge of insanity and con-
WASHIXGTOX. June 7.— In mark
ed contrast with the exciting in
cident." attending the bitter
straggles of the closing hour? of
the session. Speaker Henderson
laid down his gavel at 5 o'clock this aft
ernoon at the conclusion of one of the
most picturesque scenes which has ever
occurred in the House of Representatives.
Party passion and pers&nal rancor, ¦which
have bro-ght the House to the brink of
actual riot several times during the last
forty-^Ight hours, gave way In the clos
ing half hour to good fellowship which
found vent in a. patriotic outburst that
stirred the crowded galleries to the high
est pitrh of enthusiasm. During a brief
recess taken within thirty minutes of the
time fixed for the final adjournment to
?ive the President an opportunity to affix
his signature to the bills that were being
rushed to him for approval, a group of
members, led by M»rcer of Nebraska, Bali
of Texas. Fitzgerald of Massachusetts and
Tavmey of Minnesota, congregated in the
area to the left cf the Speaker's rostrum
and began sir.gring. patriotic airs. Th*e gal
leries were tanked to the doors. "Co
lumfcta. Gem of the Ocean." "Auld Lang
Syne." 'The R*d. White and Blue," suc
cessively rar^-out. As the sfnging pro
ceeded members jctned the group until
without regard to age or party the en
tire membtrsiitp of ihe House joinwd In
the choruses. The spectators in the gal
lery applauded each song until the strains
cf "Dixie" filled the hali. Then their un
bounded enthusiasm broke out in wild
cheers. But the enthusiasm -"Dixie"
evoked was not to be campared ¦with the
remarkable demonstration which fol
lowed when, in a clear, ringing tenor.
P.tzgeralJ of Massachusetts started the
national anthem with the Inspiring words.
•¦Through the dawn's early light." In
an instant ail the men. women ar.d chil
dren in the galleries w-re on their feet
joining in the singing. The mighty chorus
from-" thousands of throats reverberate-i
through the hail, making the pulses leap
and the blood tingle. It was a. magniti
cent and soul-inspiring spectacle. The la
dies kept time to the rhvthm of the music
with their handkerchiefs and the men
beat the measure with thetr hands. The
Speaker, pausing he entered the hall.
raised his voice also.
The excitement produced by the scene
overcame a white-haired old man In one
of the public galleries, and when the song
ceased he Jumped up on his seat and
shouted. "That is the son^- cf the angels
of heaven!"
He was plainly a crank, but as he
showed a disposition to harangue the
House he was cuickly ejected. After
Speaker Henderson had made a graceful
farewell speech, thanking the members
for their courtesy and had declared the
House adjourned the members testified
to his popularity by singing "For He's a
Jelly Oood Fellow." and the newspaper
correspondents in the press gallery ceie
brateij their emancipation frcm the bur
dens of Congress by singing the "Doxpl
ogv."
The principal feature of the closing day
in the House was the reversal of its ac
tion last night in turning down the con-
f Pre^s ori t v; e naval bill for yielding on the
item relating to ocean surveys. Over
night the sentiment of the House under
went a complete change and to-day the
members voted by a large majority to ac
cept outrigiK the Senate amendment,
which goes much further than the com
promise which the conferees offered last
night. The new conferees, led by Cannon,
who had brought In a compromise which
thev considered more satisfactory, were
ignominlously pushed aside. It wa^ a
distinct victory for -the o«iy —
Fcis of Illinois, Dayton ot West Virginia
and Cummlngs of New York. The other
feature of the closing day was the course
cf Lentz of Ohio in blocking unanimous
consent legislation. For three days he
had oojected to bills because the majority
¦would not allow the testimony In the
Ooeta d'Alene investicatlcn to be printed
ar.d he maintained his position to the end.
When ell business had b^en deposed of
at 4:»J. when the Speaker attempted to call
the Houw to order, the members were
stia singing. With one accord they
turned upon him and drowned the crash
of hi« gavel in the strains of "For He's
a Jolly Good Fellow." Wl'h this tribute
to the" Speaker's popularity, the group
broke up. As thev made their way to
their se«ts the Speaker observed good
naturedly. "The chair will come to or
der."
Pame then anncunced that the Presi
dent'had nothing further to communicate.
The clerk rhen r^ad a longr list of bills
and resolutions signed by the President.
'ine House listened Impatiently to the
drcnir.sr voice of the cierk as he read the
list. The title ofthe last bill, "a bill for
ithe relief of Andrew Jackson," aroused
a roar of laughter.
As^the hands of the clock approached
the hour of 5 Speaker Henderson arose
and amid profound silence delivered
his valedictory In these words:
Gentlemen cf tfce H?u*<s of Representatives:
W e wtli in a few nvoments have completed our
«*«slon's work. It has b**n a session cf earn
est, patriotic effort, of unremtttir.* toll. Tills
Boom has dernocstrat*-! that men may B«t
en n»at flelJ* of contest and part as Mewl*.
Thi* bod7 has eocsUered many *r*at vttil
national questions. That fervor which enters
l"*a debate en Uj«» «rr* of a m»at national on
filct has been present, but pi'.ded by iateli:
ter,c« arji manly courar*.
At the r-r^nir.g ttt this session I took the
chair with 'that f*e_r and a^pr^herslon which
everr conscientious man "hotiM f«L I ap
rea.1*-! to yoa for «cpport and kindly aid. Not
for oce moment have yon forgotten that ap
peal, bet your §n«ts.!nins Influence has tnatie
it pLscibl* to consider the*e mighty problems
of th* fc<nir and n»ver allow the legislator and
th« r:t>ican to »tnk b*io-w th» hisc I«»v;I of
manhood In parting- I wl*h you from my
h»*rt a rlea?ant vacation and that you may
•II retrrn to the <iutles cf the n«xt session
. r*-fre?h<~l in bodr ar.d tn ra!n<!. A&i now. in
purs-jane* of the concurrent resolution adopted
by th» two £ .- — • o? Congrps*. I declare this
•essKsn adjourned without day. _
As the gavel fell ended the first
s«?«ion of the Fifty-sixth Congress the
members cheered again and again.
As the spectators turned for the doors
the nc-tr«pa.p*>r correspondents in the presa
gallery arrested their progress with the
"Dcxology." They waited until it had
b^en sung and then departed. The Speak
er remained for ten minutes at the foot of
his rostrum shaking hands with th« mem
bers, for all of whom he had a pleasant
word.
WASIiIXGTON*. June T—Con
gress adjourned sine die at 5
o'clock this afternoon. For the
Senate tt was a day of waiting.
The naval appropriation bill—
the st-ambiing block, to final adjournment
—could not re agreed to by the conferees
cf the two Hcrcses. and the disagreement
was reported to the Senate early in the
day. The report was accepted by the Sen-
Ate, wfalcli ref u*ed to request another con
ference, although Hale expressed the be
lief that an agreement might be reached.
There wa» an -evident disposition on the
part of th« Senate to make trouble if the
cor.£ertNES should recede .from Senate
amendment as to the ocean surveys ar.i
it was deemed the wiser policy to afford
th« House an opportunity to again pass
upon the Question.
At 3 o'clock, after severs.! recesses bmd
been taken, it became known to the Bea
a ;e - that the House had concurred in the
Senate amendment rerr-sinxng in contro
\"ersy and soon afterward the House res
olution providing for final adjc>umment
was passed, an amendment fixing the
hour at 3 o'clock. June 7. It was not until
4:+) o'clock, twenty minutes before the
hour fixed for adjeurnment. tUatthe
President pro tern, or the cenate iFrye>
a.2ixed his signature to the navai b:»..
With some otner measures it was curried
to tb« President, wno was in waiting in
tis roots at Lhe Capitol, and 6ign<f-i
by him & few minutes later. *
When other matters had been attended
to Bevertcge cf Indiana asked fcr consid
eration of Joint resolution to donate a
condemned canncn to the Sons of Vet-
"I object." shouted Sullivan.
"I would like to kr.ow." Inquired Petti-
Erew, rtl th^-t rescluticn has any refer
tnce to the chairman cf the Committee
en Appropriations of the House of P.epre-
The laughter which this sally created
gradually swelled into applause as the
i-.: si^riuncaiice of :t fell up-sn the au-ii
"fn'a facetious speech Wolcott with
drew his objection to Beveridges meas
ure. The latter was passed, as also was
the bill c&Led \ip by Sullivan to pay for
corn seized by troops during the civil
war.
AUisca called frcm the table the resolu
tion providing for the final adjournment
cf Congress, and after It had been
amended so as to provide for adjourn
ment to-da.y at 5 o'clock, it was passed.
Liscsay of Kentucky resented the at
tar* made in the House last night by
Car.rrcn tipon Commander To-id. chief of
the Hydri-rraphic Bureau of the Navy
LH-partment. He said that the letter sent
oat bT Commander Tod.i in support of the
oaxxi hydro-graphic survey might have
beca intende«i to tnSaesee legislation, but
the trouble with Cannon was" that the let
ter stated trutns.
ITtm oScial reports of the proceedings
¦ ¦'. this Congress. " *aid Lindsay, "impute
: ' . .- hoods to Commander Todd. I submit
I «i.ny gentleman whether Tod<i was
gtsflty "of false hood or want of candor. If
anybody is to be s<j charged, it is not
r.apman C. Todd. I make this «tate
ent that in the Record the antidote
B > wiih the poison."
ge made a statement to show that
tne attack upon Commander Todd had
l.—~n raadr: in an effort to break down one
. : the Government's 'survey? that an
ther might be tuilt up. He declared the
effi rt reflected no credit upon those re
r~le f cr it.
"i'hsr.H.^T. i^ ccnccrrin? ta the remarks
of Lodge, said that he tiroustt Coaaan
¦>r T>id bftd vtaiated the naval refcuM-
Ooss" in 5-rdine- out hi.-* letter, but that
he had suffered enough. H* hop^d the
6ecr**xry of the Navy would relieve the
comzsander from suspension.
A r-^es? was then taken until 4:30
o*clrxrk. when the chair announced
-icnature to the naval appropriation
I and various other measures.
The u5ua.I resolution vras adopted for a
i sxstttee to fsxtana the President that
wis prepared to adjourn unless
be had some further business to propose.
¦ - and CockreU were named as the
g< =ate c«3n:r:itte<-.
a a few zEisutes the coo-.n:ittee report
eQ that they had waited upon the Presi
cr.t: that "he extended to Congress his
¦ritations on the rreat amount of work
— pushed In so short a time, and rt?
-r.at he- had no further tnpnrmnirar
T.^rs to rs&lce. *
Codo-ell of Missouri then said !t af
forded him a. great deal cf pleasure to
i ffer tbc following rpsolution:
"That the thanks of the Serrate are
reby t*=T:d«=i>?d to Hon. William P. Fry
• - -'-- diirr.irle'i. impartial and courteous
~.o.r.:>- wi:h which he pr^si-lM over its
c-Iibcrations dcring- the present session."
Carter, In the chair, submitted the res<7
totioa to the Senate and it was ur.ani
rr.o'j?iy adopted.
On refunding the chair. Frye. address
ing the- Senate in acknow!*dgaen' of the
c : .n:p::ment paid him. said:
"Senators: I appr»rciate very highly the
expression of your eonfMfnee and ap
proval, but I think I should thank you.
rath.tr tha.n you me. Tour uniform kind
ness to me "has made the duty of your
presiding officer over your deliberations a
pleasure, not a task. I wish you agreeable
and saf ft journeys to your homes ar.d hope
that our d*ar Lord «dH permit you— us ail
to meet fc«r<p in the chamber next De
cember." (Proicng-ed applause on the
Soor and in the frall'-ri^s.i
A few minutes still remained before the
hour of final adjournment and they were
passed by the Senators in chatting and la
(.-xteadis? mutual fellcitatior.s.
the big clock over the main entrar.c*
?"¦¦"icar^d the hour of a. the president's
iravel fell and Fr>e declared the Semite
adjourned «ine die.
\.«= the people were streaming from the
aOericiJ a fine looking, gray-hat rM man
rcl«e in the gentletnen's gallery and. rais
ing his bat high above his head and look
10^ the sreat white
throne J^up Is coming socn:"
He i«" the «ame man who. at the conclu
sion of the Grant ceremonies in the" House
of Representative* a short time ago. made
a elmllar demonstration^
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Louis Feigenbaum Makes Grave Charges
Against His Wife and a New
York Banker.
Senate and House Agree Upon Appropria
tion Bills and Adjourn With Mirth .
and Music.
LOVE FEAST AT THE
CLOSING OF CONGRESS
SAY HE WAS RAILROADED
TO AN INSANE ASYLUM
Diplomas Awarded Mem
bers oF First Graduating
Class of Ten.
COMMENCEMENT AT
NEW AUBURN SCHOOL
AMERICAN TROOPS
LED INTO AMBUSH
Treachery CausesWounding
Of Captain Crenshaw
and a Private.
MANILA. June 7.— Captain FranK T,
Cfenshaw. with forty cea of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry, while
scouting r«*ar Taat. was led into
an eroiush by a guide. Caprala
Crenshaw was badlr wounded In the head
and ore private was wounded. The ain
bushers were scattered. leaving ten v!ea>l
and thr*« »-oun<ie<i on the field.
Captain Flint, vtfcHe ccouticg live miles
east of Bfancabata, Bulucan pro'/ince. had
a slight bmsii with th» enemy, riict asd
two privates were '
PETITION OF THE KATTPXJNA^.
XETV TORK. June T— A special to ths
Sun from Manila siys the ICatlpunan. a
s*cret «K>ci**ty c! KUipino rebels, has pre
pared a petition to the American Con
gress. It say* tha; annexation L* unpo»
sible; that autonomy Till never be ae
ceptetL ami that Araericaa protection. Of
foreign affairs ts wanteti.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJXE 8, 1900.
LOS ANGELES. June T.-B. L. Horer.
& eiio«mak'?r, was found dead on the floor
of hi« little shoo at 13S West Seventh
e'reet to-day. He had been drinking yes
terday and had swallowed carbolic acid
c»r.:.e th« ni^ht.
Drank Carbolic Acid.
Suicide of Drug Clerk 3>sspondent
Because of the Death of His
Affianced.
Howard.
Sp»cUl Di«natch to The dlt
BOSTON. Mass.. June 7.— Ballard Gray,
a young drug clerk, committed suIcMe in
Lowell to-day on the grave of his sweet
heart In the E-ison cemetery, by drinkln?
cyanide of potassium. Gray was to have
b*fn marrie«i !a?t March to Mis? Maud
Howard, ¦who d!e«J about the time the
wedding was to have occurred. -Her
death affected Gray noticeably for mar.y
weeks. Last r.lght he pave to Mrs. How
ard her daughter's ensagement ring.
In the roung man's pockets was found
a letter to the effect that h- could not en
dure the feparation and wanted to join
Maud. A request was also made that hi*
body be placed in a white casket. In his
rirht hand pressed olo** to his brea.-t h*
held In a tight clutch two pictures of Miss
Charged With Mayhem.
.-^..rla! Di«E>a*el* to The Can.
SAi* RAF ABU. June 7.— Stntlo Alborica
to-<la.y swore to a complaint before Jus
tice of the Peace Rod-Jen. charging Pet
tinl Giovlanni with mayhem. Both men
a^-e residents of Hicks Valley. In this
cour-tv and are well known. A beantlful
vounjr lady resident of the valley is un
derstood to, be the Innocent cnuse of the
difficulty. The men were rivals for her
affections. They met yesterday on the
county road and enraped in a vicious
njrbt. Alborica was terribly mutilated, his
hard and checks showing the marks of
what he swore were Giovianni's teeth.
ENDS HIS LIFE ON HIS
SWEETHEART'S GRAVE
UPHEAVAL IN SAN JOSE
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
On SeccmmKidaticn cf Clissificat
Ccsinittee Nine Teachers Are
Discharged-
<=VN JOSE. June T.-PoUt!cs. which has
mhmr dominated the city school depart
ment v» e^denced to-nirht In the report
7f the Classification Committee cf the*
City Board of Education. wb«n nine
tea-heTs dropped. This coma^ttee
«« rctntxjse.1 of Trustees Graham and Ken
vo" --d thie two took order* froia
3 o?n=?e Mackenzie, who has .ucceeAeji
lJoss F.--a. This yearly report of the cvm
-li'Ve is th^ "Boirte Man" of the teach-
SSSnd bosewhow friends or thern
ii?T«iaw displeased poUticianfl are sum
tO fc Jl^ Lois Peckham. principal of Lowell
School. tlw» b*-st conducts pamraar
school to the city, after years of service.
Is dismiss; ar-d Robert A. Lee of Ala
raeda Countr elected to that -position, u
tj \n ? ie, teacher of Un*ua.g>*. and Mrs.
SA-B-yf^-. In EnpUsth. In tfc«- Ht^h School.
are socece&d by Miss Mary L. Meyrtck
ar.d Valentine Barimer respettlvely. The
traomr grade teachers dropped were:
Mis.*»s Charlotte Brower. Liziie Quinlan.
TJ^arl Hall. Fannie Stockton. Lillian
Church and Ida M. Love.
"T'he new appointees are: Ml*! 6 *^ Jennie
C'iker I^ab-'ila Dailey. Mary Montrom-
Edlih Kins. Alkw Kenny. Mab-?1
Peeler and Mrs. John E*rry. There -were
several ctarf« »« th * Janitorshlps.
MILWAUKEE. June 7.— I^ate to
night the nominating committee
arranged this ticket for presenta
tion to the convention to-morrow:
President, Mrs. Rebecca Lowe of
Georgia; vice president. ilrs.
Charles Dennlson of New York;
recording secretary, Mrs. Harriet
Fox of Michigan; corresponding
secretary. Mrs. George Kendrtck3
of Pennsylvania; treasurer, Mrs.
Emrna Van Vechten of Iowa;
auditor, Mr?. George Noyes of Wis
consin. Directors — Mrs. Charles
K. Fairbanks of Indiana. Mrs. Ed
warfi L. Buchanan of Ohio, Mrs.
Annie West of Massachusetts. Mrs.
Mary Lockwcod cf the District of
Columbia, Miss Margaret J. Evans
of Minnesota, Mrs. W. J. Christie*
of Montana. Mrs. Lillian Streator
cf Xtw Hampshire, Mrs. W. T.
Coad of South Dakota. Mrs. Prtddy
of Kansas.
3
B"^^ suits and overcoats are taken from our regular Siz.^o and ||j||
4j||f fBlifL $15.00 ready-made stock. The sizes are no: complete in every
r>*3|-/ v^*^ pattern — jut nearly sc — every size is represented in the cloihes fjSVg
"V^/ L^:!;! :; !l as a whole. When clothes are down to broken sizes we cut the gjg
S^ I k prices just as we have done in this instance : we wish to sell the fe.^g
j$£fM|^ suits right away to make room for our coming fall stock. Mill
! ilfi^^si' 11 i liK The su " s and overcoats are » ot ' course, all wool, silk sewed, |^|I
jIMSpt^iM union made— first rate in air particulars. We guarantee the W;M
in! t\l fi\ 3 • iifffmi i|§\ makmg and :he color>
|fe II I 1 illli IltMll lif! There are li 2 ht weights in light and dark pattern? among $M
5^ U\f I; ff-ll'i li 1 IWi IP'I them, which are particvilariy good for summer wear. The suits Ms*&
fS P iffllul 11 HulllSl comprise cheviots, serges and clay worsteds in single ar.d double gfcjS
Ml IN^SH \ l riJpS'l^uM breasted styles : the overcoats constitute kerseys, coverts, oxford gp£|
M m\\W^&nW^^^^LWtm gra >'' s and Cheviots. We expect to effect a clearance of these g^/jgj
H 1! uits and overcoats by markin - them down t0 mm
«p^jV j|j!gj| j ,j exceptionally good awaits ? 3qj* WM
W?i vlM*k$*i£$t $}\ Dressy striped fancy we r -ted pants J^^^j^^y W'M
:j$^M W>* iMlMi 11 '* n e -^' n: st y^ es or ' P 2r - tern? - Suitable for M^&§^MS^\ H^H
Si-| gffff !| I «]t» HI wear with dark cutaway or Prince Albert, or -P^p3|||&-fa
|J| (ji $ \A W\"F\ K^ a ?ray and trown mixtures, double- ;ot
-jf^gv J *^^ 1 sailor pants, handsomely braided ; just the ; *1^ ¦
vT-^*: tSv&Bi for vacation wear, I5 V^9
¦If! >^^^ c^f^'^ (^Ffiirisg' p§
f£f£ ITHP latest cut in hats is the TUST from the factory, whera xi^^^^^^^^^^/ ff'*£*i
feX 1 Belgian Hare Hat— a rough d they were made especially tor $A~;£\
&S /i^^fe^^^^^i fmish?d°Feiora ihat is strikingly | us— midsummer styles cr laan-
-vfl becoming and very appropriate | dertd percale shirts in quiet effects :^g
?i*S ' Incomes' in "the following roixeJ ! bosoms, pair of separate link cutii. WV^^^^^\\ !(V
colors— <rrav. brown, lawn, blus j Shtrts are mide from Garner's best \ tjjni || B gvj^
|:V^ * ' and steel. -¦ • percale. We guarantee the work- 1 ai| U ! \ s&ZZ.
1^ dlS 5^GL Our price for the hat is . manship and colors. The shirts s 3 | W'MQTJEEICSTOWX. June 7. — At a meeting
of the Royal Cork Yacht Club to-day. Sir
Thomas Llpton was elected a member,
v He has expressed his Intention of chal
] lenging for the America's cup under the
¦ auspices of this club.
WINS BEAUFORT HANDICAP.
T/)NDO\. June 7.— At the Manchester
Whitsuntide meeting to-day the Beaufort
handicap of 500 sovereigns was won by J.
il Curtis' Star of Hanover, with J. Heiff
Jn the raddte. H. J. King's Zanonl was
Fc-eond, with Tod Sloan up.
Th*- John o' (Jaunt plate of 500 sover
eigns for two-year-olds wap won by Veles,
with Tod Sloan in the saddle. The Maude
colt was f-«co:id, find Patron Saint, rid
den by Reiff. was thrrd. Six horses ran.
Indoor Athletic Meet-
Thf young athletes representing the
Crocker Grammar School, Pacific Heights
Grammar School ar.d the Columbia Park
Hoys' Club will meet in competition to
night in the Olympic Club gymnasium".
The Olympic Club directorate has offered
a trophy, which will go to the team scor
ing the greatest number of points. The
l>ropr&mme is an interesting one. includ
ing: rL-yar<3 dash, straightaway; 3CM, 3f>).
<;'«i nna "lfoxJ yard runs: high Jump, broad
jump, polevault and the always exciting
rHay race. Admission, to -the Olympic
Club will be by Invitation. It Is expected
the schools represented will have all
theJr root ore out and the winners will be
hailed wilh noisy applause.
Sweet Singers Delighted Hearers at
Odd Fellows' Hall Last
Evening.
The last concert of the twenty-third
season of the I/oring Club was given last
night at Odd Fellows' Hall. The club was
assisted by Miss Dorothy. GoodEell, so
prano; J. F. Veaco, tenor, and Miss Ruth
W. Loring, accompanist.- ; . vr . .
A number of new compositions were
rendered by this popular male chorus, in
cluding "Wondnotcs" of Franz Abt. "The
Slender Water Lily'.*: (Rubinstein), "Hunt
ing Song" (Abt), -"I I.ove But Thee"
(Storchi and "The Love-struck Herring"
(Schaffer), the last an especially popu
lar measure. The club is in excellent
form, their shading and expression mark
edly good, and only an occasional care
lessness of attack— more especially at the
beginning of verses — offends a captious
critic.
Miss Goodsell'e solos, "With Newer
Strings" (Gounod), ''The Lotus Flower"
(Schumann) and Henschel's "Spring,"
with the encore "Berceuse" of Kruger,
gave much pleasure. J. P. Veaco sang
"Tho 1 You Forget" (Louis Campbell Til
ton), and was doubly encored, respond
ing with "Love Is a Bubble," (Frances
Allitsen) and "Dreams" (Bartlett). Mr.
Veaeo's smooth, sweet voice Is a distinct
acquisition in the thin ranks of local
tenors, and given a little more dramatic
power would be admirable for concert
work. A large and appreciative audience*
listened to the efforts of the performers.
LORING CLUB CONCERT
VERY SATISFACTORY
Monthly Exhibition of San Francisco
Athletic Club Productive of the
Usual Exciting Contests.
The San Francisco Athletic Club gym
nasium was packed to the doors last
night, the occasion being the regular
monthly boxing exhibition. There were
nine four-round bouts scheduled and, con
trary to the usual result, there was no
knockout. In two of the bouts the judges,
Harry Maynard and Kred Muller, were
unable to agree as to which boxer had
done the better work and an extra round
was ordered. They were still so evenly
matched that the bouts were declared
draws.
The bout between Frank Burns and
Charlo3 Aikens was stopped in the thjrd
round to save the latter from unneces
sary punlKhment.
In the bout between James Phipps and
Kd Feron. the latter Injured his foot in
the Xirst round and withdrew.
Alex Greggains filled his usual position
of referee and kept the boxers up to their
work. The results follow:
Ed KInnerty defeated D. Itlcger In four
rounds.
HtiKh Friel defeated Joe Murphy In four
rounds.
Al Jordan defeated Eddie - Schneider In four
round?.
Frank IJurns defeated Charles Aikens in three
rounds.
James Pblpps beat Ed Feron in one round.
Mark Hyan beat S. Rhodes in four rounds.
Fred Bell and Ed Tomalty, five rounds,' a
draw.
Jack Sheedon and William A. Foster, five
rounds, a draw.
Al Neill's friends are backing him to de
feat Jack Moffatt, the Chicago boxer, to
night as though the meeting at Wood
ward's Pavilion was all over but the
shouting. The Californian has ruled a 2
to 1 favorite almost from the time the
first ticket was written on the fight.
Moffatt has also developed a following,
and there are many bettors ready to take
a chance on him. The betting is expected
to liven up considerably to-day. In the
mutuels at Harry CorLett's last night the
betting was light, but there was sufficient
done to show the trend of opinion as to
the outcome of the fight. Xeill was in
strongest demand on the third line,
that which included tho rounds from
13 to 1". He was also played str.ongly to
win In from 7 to 12 rounds, and also If the
bout goes the limit. The mutuel board
read last nifiht as follows: -';: :* •. - ;
Ketil Rounds. Moffatt.
16...., 1 to 8 6
46 7 to 12 13
6s 13 to 17 IS
59 IS and over 35
The betting on the Irwin-Cole bout Is
also 2 to 1, Irwln being favorite, lie Is
looked upon as a coming man in his class,
having a straight left punch which stops
the strongest men. This bout is an at
tractive one, as some clever work Is ex
pected. "Jack" Welch will referee both
bouts, while pome lesser light will pass
upon the merits of George Curran and
Chick Flnnerty. The lirst brace of box
ers will enter the ring at 8:30 p. m.
The fighting in the ring to-night will
hardly be more spectacular than a strug
gle yesterday afternoon between a burly
Deputy Sheriff and Kruper, who had
charge of the preliminary sale of seats.
He established headquarters in a Market
street cigar stand and did a rushing busi
ness. The manager of Town Talk had a
$70 printing bill against the club. To se
cure this he attached the receipts derived
from the sale of seats. The Deputy Sher
iff appeared with his legal papers, but
Kruger would not give up the money In
his charge. A struggle ensued, which at
tracted a big- crowd. The power of the
law proved too strong to withstand, and
enough money was secured to pay the
claim. Manager Crowley affirms tho
printing bill was never presented.
0
HARD HITTING AMATEURS . v
MEET IN FAST BOUTS
The Rival Middleweights Are Ex
pected to Show Sport of the
Highest Class To-Night in
Woodward's Pavilion.
Two to One the Prevailing
Odds on the Clever
Californian.
BOXER NEILL IS
A BIG FAVORITE
IN THE BETTING
MANY HONORS
FOR PUPILS OF
ST. BRIGID'S
Brilliant Closing Exercises,
Awarding of Medals and
Diplomas.
Father Cottle Happily Distributes, the
Prizes in the Presence of a
Large Number of Parents
and Friends.
The forty-fifth annual commencement
exercises of the Presentation Convent
School drew a large assemblage to the
convent yesterday afternoon. The guests
witnessed a splendid entertainment by the
pupils. The sisters received warm con
gratulations on every side for the efll
clency shown by the children under their
care. Among the guests of honor wer«>
Fathers Caraher. O'Connell, McMahon.
McGough, Redehan, McCorry and Giles,
and Brothers Matthew, Thomas and Mc-
Carthy,
The opening number on the programme
was a march, performed by the following
orchestra: Pianos — Misses K. Cashin, K.
Mcade, A. Taylor, A. Kenniff, C. Bricca
and A. Behan; violins— Miss A. Thomp
son, Masters W. Ryan, J. Steffen, F.
Schenone and M. Cohn; mandolins — Misses
E. Graves; M. Laurent, M. Gallatin, A.
Oliva and O. Gallatin. Masters E. Brusco,
E. Cicerone, J. King and F. Murphy;
guitars— Misses M. Benker, A. Zabriskle,
Guests With Operetta,
The Pupils Entertain Commencement
PRESENTATION CONVENT.
Medals for attendance— Merited by Misses
Grace Turner. Evelyn McCarthy, Hilda Mur
ray; Masters Leo Baldtvln, Willie McGulgan,
Certificates icr completing' grammar course —
Awarded Misses Georgia KeinfeM, Evelyn Mc-
Carthy, Mary Burke, Margaret O'Meara. The
resa Gilt, Beatrice McCarthy, Gertrude McCar
thy. Ethel O'Neill. Catherine O'Rourke. Lillian
Smith: Masters Joseph E. Derham, Georce D.
Monahan. Edward W. O'Dea, Cornelius E.
Murphy, George K. McCarthy, James J. Gore
var, Joseph Gorman.
Graduates of academic course— Miss Cecil
Harrison, Mis3 Anna Hayden. Mias Adelaide
Egan. • .
Chorus. "Father, O Hear Us (Palmer);
salutatory, "Never Old Aro Words of .\\ el
come." Miss A Hayden; "The Little Birds
Defenders" (Minims); "Pa6 Redouble" (Streab
bcg). Misses R. KrowenfeM. K. Clasby. M.
OBrien. M. McOuigan, A. Clancey. M. C'lancey,
L. Taylor. C. Deneun, J. Smith. A. Tulllhan,
M. Dundon. Masters \V. Sullivan, Ii. Gallagher,
R. Frowenfeld and A. Buckley; soap bubble
drill; valse (Hoist), Misses 8. Curley, M. Mc-
Kew. A. O'Dea. E. lx>lan. W. Hohwelsler, L.
Pcisner, H. Galvln, E. Kelley, M. Allen, G.
Morgan. G. Collins. K. Ortega. E. Terry, K.
Alherti. M. Ollsen; sonp, "The Alpine Shep
herd." A Glimpse of Flowerland—Accompan
ists: Piano. Miss Lulu English: violins— Misses
A. Kelley, C. Graves, M. Kelley, I. Shtrek. J.
Shlrck, M. Kelley, J. Baldwin. Joan Baldwin.
K. Wlel. G. Haley. Ii. Morgan, j: McKew, E.
Kane. F. Hohweisler, W. McGulean; mando
lins—Misses C. Mann, C. Little. E>. H. Hohweis
ler. M. Dermody, E. Doherty. SL Carreras.
E?»ay, "Labor of Life"— t'Tla the Still
Water Faileth," Miss A. Egran; "Attaque des
Ulans" aiohm). Misses A. Mason, J. Baldwin,
I. Shirek. J. fchirek. M. Albtrtl. E. Donovan,
J. McKew, M. Kelley. E. Wiel, M. Kelley;
claps recitation, "The Bugler"; "Les Papll
lions Dansant" (Stone). Misses M. Albertl. J.
McKew, E. Donovan, M. Kelley, E. Sehmalling,
M. Myers, G. Gallagher, A. Schoenfeld, G. Sul
livan. M. Cottle, M. Turner. R. Mulroney, C.
Mann. L. O'Brien, J. Gaffney: "Revel of the
Naiad," seniors: recitation, "Our Country";
sons. "The Minute Gun at Sea"; "Rhapsodle
No. 2" (Lizst), Misses L. EnRllsh, M. Kelley,
J. Shirek, I. Shirek, J. Baldwin, Joan Baldwin,
E. Wlel. E. Fox, G. Haley. M. Kearney; pa
triotic selection; "The Boy," George Mon
agrhan; "Lebenzeit" (arranged), music class,
valedictory, "Hope will brighten days to come
and memory yield the past," Miss C. Harrison.
The following pupils received diplomas
and medals: /
The pupils of St. Brigld's School held
their closing exercises at the Alcazar
Theater yesterday afternoon, and the
parents and friends of the children were
out in full force to manifest appreciation
of their efforts. Girls and boys alike par
ticipated in the splendid programme. The
girls were all gowned in spotless white
and the boys adopted costumes appropri
ate to their part in thc exercises. The
stage was set to represent a thickly
wooded forest, which made a beautiful
background for tiro bright young misses
and sturdy, intelligent lads.
Father Cottle distributed the various
awards, prefixing his pleasant duty with
a few well chosen words. He took occa
sion to compliment tho pupils and their
faithful teachers, to whose excellent work
was due the splendid results of the after
noon. The programme in full was as fol
lows:
Commercial class B, awarded to Misses
K. Cashln and L. Remy, won by Miss L.
Remy; ninth class. Miss A. Behan:
eighth class, awarded to Misses M. Flynn
and X. Waters, won by Miss N. Waters;
seventh class. Miss M. Rosa: sixth class,
A. Heydenreich; fifth class, Miss J. Pala
dini.
Li. Busher, Masters C. Steffen and G. Mur
phy.
The singing . of a sacred chorus was
heartily enjoyed by the guests, and also
a recitation. "Execution of Joan of Arc,
by Miss K. Carlin.
The event of the afternoon was a clever
presentation of an operetta in four acts
entitled "Prince Lungline's Ball." Those
who took part were: Principals— Miss M.
Kilcommon. Miss O. Gallatin, Miss R. A\ il
son. Miss M. Rosa, Miss A. Sullivan, Miss
C. Guinde and Miss R. Olivieri; chorus-
Misses G. Rooney, T. Concilia, C. Daly,
V McNulty. M. McFadden. A. McCary,
M. Fitzgerald, M. Bardet, G. Bogan, A.
Grondona, R. Cianciolo, R. Paganni, E.
llynes, E. Sellenger, R. Dowd. A. Thomp
son. B. Picetti, R. .Bocca. E. Davis, L..
Jlessmer, L.. Campodonlco, M. Melntyre,
G. Compagna, T. Gracchi and C. Kennlff.
The following special musical numbers
were rendered during the third and fourth
acts, respectively, of the operetta:
"Marche des Phantoms" (three pianos)
(Hoist), Misses A. Kenniff, C. Bricca. A.
Behan, L. Motroni and E. Escallier;
"Trovatore," three pianos (Stone). Misses
M. McFadclen, V. Motroni, O. Gallatin,
M. Fitzgerald. "M. J. Daly and M. Bardet;
"Fanfare Mllitaire," three pianos,
(Aschor), Misses M. Kilcommon, M. Rosa,
A. Bricca, A. Oliva, J. Crowley and J.
Chiappari.
The Cecllian Qluh won applause by its
rendition of Neumann's "Enchantment,"
and responded to an encore.
Gold medals donated by Rev. T. Cara
her for Christian doctrine, Mrs. Joseph
Kirk for music and J. Oliva for highest
merits, were awarded to Misses .A. Tay
lor and K. Meade. The silver medal for
music was won by Miss Maude Kilcom
mon. Highest merit medals were dis
tributed as follows:
LONDONrJune 7.— J. H. Taylor won the
open golf championship. Taylor made a
most popular win with 300, being 73
strokes better than his victory on the
same erreen In 1895. The next scores were:
Wins Golf Championship.
J. J. Edmonds' Moruing Glory captured
th< Ion* f "d Of the midweek stak© yester
day at lnKleside Coundng Park by beat
ing pointless Kussell, Allen & Wilson's
Bode Claire in the deciding round after a
thon. ruu of twenty-four seconds.
Tlu* rucner-ap had done some hard
work during the stake a;i<J It told apainst
her, [boogn tne winner was in first class
condition and capable of showing her
bfels to any of the fast ones. In the linsi
i"urvi Elosie was forced to a hard run
with Morse l\tirol. und in the next course
bad to do one minute and forty-two sec
«.r;ds ot severe work before getting the
:!;i? fmna Loiterer. Then as a short end
tt:< boat Amor-tsa. and in the fourth
lound ran a hard undecided before down
ing 1-awrence in a long race.
The tune good thing of the day was Rus- I
Bell; AUea & Wi. son's new <3<>>r Password. I
In the rir^t round he l>cat Cash In at 1 to
2. j.nd the talent thought so little of the
rrtancf of the bound that odds of 4 to l
-. • r. offered aprainst him with Hiph Jinks.
Eivea :iJt«r seeing Password win that
course the tulcnt, as if for spite, forced j
him on the short end .it 1 to 10 in th* n^xt |
K" with Ixip Ikiy, to their sorrow and the j
<:.;.ii -li'iji of tlioir bank rolls. Jjt<k Boy |
v.-.-is !ii.it< n after a run of two mlnutr-ts
: nd tea seconds, iind odds of 29 to 1 were
offered against the newcomer in the next '
round; but the owners decided that for J
th<? lirst time out Password had done
work enouph and they withdrew him from
the stake. Fire dollar? parleyed on Pass
wor<i would have netted $ v 20.
Sea Breeze, an Importation from Er.p
land, did net show in pood form and wont
out In tho soomid round to Amorosa.
I-Kwrrr.oo did some gond wo/k in the i
Flake and Firm* to be coming back to old
*orm. Ho was beaten by the runner-up
in the fourth in a close race.
Bohemian Girl, on the short end. won a !
Ftiff course from T-rw'.v Bosf. For a voungr
dojT she promises well.
Tho day's results. v.-Jth Judpre P. J.
Rellly's official scorta, follow:
Midweek stake: First round— Russell Allen t
A \Vi!s.->r. # s Daisy Cla<re beat O'Shea Bros'
Mercy Msj\ <-I; J. H. Vf. Muller's Temna !
b»et R. 1'. Julian's Sweet Music. 4-0: J Car
roU'« KM H!:iJ heat A. J. Kemp's Move Out
7-1; P.uw!:, Atim & Wilson's Miss Wilson j
l.*3t <V \V. Heintz's Coquet. f-«; F. Herrlnps I
St. Tim., Ix-at C. Honar'e Choecho. 5-0; D.
Pora'S I3cr.:ta beat J. r>pan*« Granada 7-R;
A. L. Austin's Uhemian Girl beat James
I >i« .-ksnn'F Lady H«>!=s. 14-30: » Wood?' JJlack
XifTht beat J. J. Edmnr.dF 1 Whifkr Hill 7-4
.T. Kdmjn^s' Morning «;ior>' beat M." J. Welch's
Lady N(.rl)orr.e. T-3; C. Honar's FVosty Mnrn :
beat E. nauroelster's Warrior. 6-4; P. Handy's i
I-a«Jy Hugo »wat A. Johnsnn's Bal-5 Ka?le
7-4; II. A. r^ckelman'e Lawrence beat J. If'
W. MuIIer's Cruiser, S-(i: n. DiJlon'« I'rir.ce
G«orrl« beet Sterl & KnoTv'.^s* Ripple. 4-0;
.». CarroU** Bluestooc U^at Oonnell Bro« '
<:orvj-15y. 7-f; Sterl & Knowles* Olita beat J
Battao*a Glen Anne. T-O; A. Johnson's T.xl •
Sloan beat M. J. W«tch'a Milldale. 12-3; A. !
frank'* I^i<f<=Ter l>»at Maher & Reid's Sir.ple
t !i. 7-f; RsraeU. Allen & Wllsnn's R.<sle
Claire b.-st Farley Bros.' Morse Patrol. 7-1;
RMK0. Alif-n 6c Wilsna'ii Hfa I!r»fif beat P.
Vmaauo&Tm \a Gole:a. 4-5; Sterl & Knowles*
Araar;sa beat J. H. W. Muilers Rox. 4-*- fnn
t.i il Bras.' I^ Boy beat r. She»han'B Gake*.
f-f; A. 1^. Austins N'oru I>awrer.ce l-«?at C
Wiley's Carrara, S-2; Kusaen. Allen & Wilson's
Password ».<-ct P. IXnple'e Ca«=h In S-6- D
K. Cutter's IIi K h Jinks beat Connell Bros.'
</ire.r. Isle 6-1.
?,EZ?£Z; r 2Z$-2?*l ClmJr * ** at Terrona,
15-0; Red Hir.d Y^:,t M!s« Wilson. 5-0; BonHa
beat t=t. Elmo. .VI; Morning: Glory beat B.t-
I -E!an Girl. 12-2: B!aclc XIrht beat Frosty
Morn. :f>-4; r>an-rfnc- b^at Lady H uco r.-0"
lYlrof G'-orr" l»'.->.t l;!'i»Ftone. Ift^O- Ollta' b<»at
T..J Roan, 3"; Rifle Claire t^>at I>iiterer. H-2;
AnwM beat B^a Hwip, lft-j; I^ip Boy L""at
Nora Lawrence, 5-1; Password beat HlghJink«
C-«.
TWrfl round— Dairy d.Ire beat Red Hind
T-l: M.;mln(t Glory beat Bonlta. 8-3: I^awrence
hi at I'.I^k Nipht. 7-1; Olita beat Prince George
: '¦¦'.: }5"sie O'.aire b»>at Atr.arosa, &-3; Password
b»at I>^ Boy. 2*-«. • : *. .
Fourth round— ilcrn?n* Glery beat Daisy
Claire. 3-!; Ollts, a bye; Rorle Claire beat Law"
r*nce. c-i
Fifth rosmi-Mnmiaf Glory beat Ollta. 7-0;
It *ie Oalre. a bye.
Final— Morr.Snc Glory beat Rc*1e OaJre. 6-0.
Ninety-Six Dogs "Will Course.
Thp stake for to-morrow and Sunday
et Inpksidc Park attracted an entry of
rinety-F.ir greyhounds. Coursing will
commence to-morrow at noon and on Sun.
day at 11 a. m. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
3. H. Peripo's Controller r«. W. H. Shear's
AJaru*: A. J. Kemp'e Remember Me vs D
Toland'e Pleasant Oirl: O. W. Heints's Rustic
J«*auty vs. J. Sutton - « Mayflower; J. Kennedy's
«""allforn!a vs. Uartels Bros.' Betsy Barrow i
J. HoMen's Scottish Chief ve. Connell Bros '
Clover: Conn^U Bros.' Log Boy vs. I). K. Ctrt-
Ut-'b Ilit-h Jinks: J. H. Perlffo's Bohe vs. Ka.y
I«r*w.' Ilnwker: Russell. Allrn & Wilson's Mii»s
Wilson vs. E. M. KfMcctr's Hummer; J. Duffy's
Flashing- Ljsss vs. Al Austin'* Kirm Foe; T. J.
<*ron!n's Daisy I>n!e vs. J. McEr.rce'g Admiral
Sampson; P. Vannucfcl'e I.* Goleta \-s. J
'¦aveney's Juliet: B. F. Jackson's Glon E<ler
vs. Connpn Hros.' Goo<J-By: A. Msusey's Hadl
¦wist ve. R. p. Julian's Sw«t Music: C. Grau's
Martha VaFhinjrton vs. A. Vandenburgh's
Kitty V; Captain Ca.r.e'6 Greenhall ve. J. K.
Smith's Ivirty Sears; T. J. M:Hujrh'B MaM of
the Mill vs. P. M. C!arkson"« Flower of Gold:
Hartele Bros.' Baron Rlood vs. Bartels Bros.'
l'.Mrt narrain; J. Carroll's lilae^tone vs. Al
Austin's Nora Lawrence; B. F. Jackson's
Krx&-JorpenFen v». J. Ker.neay'B Wine West;
.T. F. Cole's MSraWlfa vs. I). Tolar.fl's TwiliRht
Jr.: P. Vannuchi's Gcnerai M^Lellan vs. Maher
A Rfid'e Pincleton: J. J. Kdmonds' MorninR
•Uory vs. It. V. Jackson's Turquoise; A. Mai
««ey*« Hot Ftuflf vs. J. Duffy's Babe Sheridaji;
J. button's Glen Anne vs. J. R. Smith's Victor;
J. McEnroe'K Stromhr.Ii vp. J. R. gir.ith'p Jen
nie Wilson; A. Frank'* I>iiter»-r vs. II. Lynch's
I»ttie M: Lnn-e & Thomr^on's Cora Pearl vs
J. Oam>:r«< ri.-d Hind; J. JJ. VF. Muller's Ter
rona vk. Ccnivpll Urr«.' et. Helen: S. Handy*s
lady Hugo vs. J. Dean's Granada; Russell.
Allfn A- Vil*r:n*s Dairy Clsir vs. E. Baumeis
t.r> Warrior; HarrlRan & Wleganil's O\-erture
vs.- II. Lynch's I>>xinjrton; J. Flower's Key
st-.n- vf. K. Mark's Iwlla M: R. L. Taylor's
It aid Head vs. \>. Cronin's Hwinnerton; Har
tei* Bms.' Wcct Brewer vs. M. J. Welch's Mill
dale: M. J. Weirj.'s I^a/Iy Norborne- vb. I).
Ford'f non'.ta; F. Herrlrurp Ft. Elmo vs. F.
I«*-ndewlK'» I^dy (Jarnet: G. W. Helntz's
<*«Kjuet v«. J. n~-k - « Minerva: J. Karrptl's
Oarti r>ajr v*. P. O'Dowd'f Cai-r-ade: C. Hon
ner'B Frwty Morn vs. K«'l!y & Hanl«-y's Haby
Kir.p; G. Aborcromtiie's Rock Island King vs.
T. J. Crnr.in'g Rose of Tralee; R. Doyle'i
<^arr>- Owen TB. Russell. Allen & Wilyon'B
I'almflower: J. I?. Fmlth's Maeic vs. J. Peter-
Fon's Pandow: o'Fhea Uros.' Golden Rule vs.
I». I>J!lon'K Prince G*or£e: p. m. Clarkson'B
Gulden Garter vs. r. Brnner's Wild North; H.
I.'nch's Kmma M vs. F. Jonep' Tlarlran Gladys;
<"onnell Bros." Mamie I'leaKnnt vb. J. R.
Ftnlth'i- Vlt-tor <ju«-<-n: J. O'Dowd's Shontover
r». A. Johnson's Tod Ploan: J. W. Wood'a
Cliff Wilson vs. T. Tierney'« Tea Rose.
Hussell, Allen & "Wilson's New Dog
Password Gives Talent Three
Hard Surprises and Is
Withdrawn.
Hard-Worked Kosie Claire
Is Beaten Pointless in
the Final.
MORNING GLORY
WINS THE STAKE
IN A SHORT RUN
PERILOUS PERCH OF
A DARING CLIMBER
Photo by Varney. Sacramento.
A PRETTY wedding to take place In
Stockton is that of Miss Amy
Hopkins and Louis Philip River.
It is to be a church wedding and
will be solemnized at St. Mary's Church
on Tuesday morning, June 19.
A reception will follow the ceremony at
the home of the * bride's mother, Mrs.
Mary A. Hopkins.
Miss Hopkins is one of the most popu
lar girls in Stockton. She is beautiful,
charming and accomplished: For several
years she occupied the responsible posi
tion of chief cataloguer in the State Li
brary at Sacramento, which position she
has resigned to become a bride. She is a
college girl and has quite as many friends
in this city as in Sacramento and Stock
ton.
Mr. River Is a clerk in the freight de-
( Will Soon Kneel to Hymen, f
partment of Wells, Fargo & Co. The cou-
Ple will make their home in this city.
xfaSZ. V £>o don i 317: J - Braid. 322; "Jack"
S h l te V-K 323 Vu Aucnterlonie ' *»! "Willie"
.tar*. oA The best amateur score was
ma( l e > b £. Robe rt Maxwell. Maxwell and
Archie blmpson scored S29; B. Savers. 3.T0-
Tom Vardon. EH; A. Lethard, 331; Klr
kaldy, 331; and Kay, 334.
Major General Shafter Will Review
the Regiment and There Will Be
a Military Concert.
Major General Shafter will review the
League of the Cross Cadets in Mechan
ics' Pavilion to-night. The general has
shown a great deal of interest in the
young soldiers, and will lend his pres
ence on the occasion of the annual com
petitive drill of the regiment. There Is
every likelihood of a large attendance at
the drill. The advance sale of tickets has
beon large. Every parish In the city
will be represented by big delegations of
parents and friends of the league.
The entire regiment, band and field
music will march on the floor In full
panoply of war, A concert will be given
by the band during the evening. Com
pany D, the winners of last year, will be
called upon to. do its best against some
company yet to be chosen by the board of
inspection, which Is composed of Lieu
tenant Colonel McGloln, Major Duffey
and Major Power. Each company has
received careful instruction from non
commissioned officers of the United States
army, and the regiment Is now better
drilled than ever before in its history.
Reserved tickets for the drill are on
sale at the office of the Monitor, room
37, Flood building.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS DRILL TO-NIGHT
FIFTY BRIGHT
YOUNG WOMEN
GET DIPLOMAS
Oratory and Music Closa
the Year at the Girls'
High School.
With the Exercises.
Pupils, Parents and Friends Enjoy
Unusually Interesting Enter
tainment in Connection
The* first event of the day was the hoist
ing of the class flag, which was per
formed with great ceremony. Then came
the planting of the 1000 class tree, a beau
tiful Douglasse Hr. Miss Hansen deliv
ered a fitting oration, and each member
of the class took a turn at filling in thc
earth ahout the roots of the tree. The
luncheon hour having arrived, the clasa
members Invited their teachers to a fine
spread in the assembly hall, and toasts,
speeches and songs followed.
The afternoon was devoted to carrying
ing out an Interesting literary and musi
cal programme.
CHA.SS DAY EXERCISES
Mission High School Seniors Have a
Tree Planting, Banquet and
Entertainment.
The senior class of the Mission High
School held class day exercises yesterday
and enjoyed a general good time, in which
the teachers joined by invitation. Rich
ard O'Connor was the president of the
day and Miss Lena Hansen the orator.
The pupils arranged their own pro
gramme, which was a credit to tne class,
and carried it out without a hitch. Prin
cipal Joseph O'Connor is very proud of
them.
Lucy Marsiien Agar, Kdlth Alexander, Annia
Hol!l» Baker, Freda Klizaheth Uershau.^er,
Helen lioyer, gaille Urock. Kmma A. Cargron,
Jlnrlon Burness. Adele Aiielaiiie Casliert. Alice
tlertrude furley, Susie Melrose Daniel, Satda
Kern Dewltt. Mabel Lillian Dow. Ethel May
Fifleld. Agnes Ruth Flanagan, (''lara Frankel.
D. S. Cecils Orozeller. Ida Henzel. EuKP^iia
M. Hocy, Josephine Marshall Hopkins. Au
jnifta Josephine Johnson. Katharine Johnson,
Lillie Julia Koch. Henrietta Emilinne Lacr.ste.
Marion Whitnelil L*ale, Ray r>tel!e Manage,
Jennie Ilannlng, Mary I'hilbrook Martonstein,
Florence Martin, Hattie Ausu»te Maskow,
Marie Neuberper, Eva Xickelsburjr. Mary
Clare OTonnell Ellen Theresa A. O'Connor.
Jepnip Marvin Farks. Lucy Helen Prlher. Adele
Rehflsch. Elena Roeekel, Ruby Tt. Salinger.
Florentine Juliet Senate. i?or-h'« Schroe.l*>r.
Minnie Schussler. Josephine Scaver, Nellie
Shea, Christina Anna Strobe!. E**ie Tobriner,
lA>Ulse Wehrl!, Mabel Marparet Younsr.
• — - — —
Following Is a list of the graduates:
Piano so'o, selectrrl. Mr«. Alice W'nitby
I^»wis: duet, barytone and aoprano. "1 Feel
Thy AnRrl Spirit" (<!rah»»n Hntman). Mrs. Al
vina Hpv^t Wilson, Harry Wood Drtnrn;
chores, ""loral Cave of thr Ocean" (Smart),
directed hy Mips K. rsiack: harytono solo, -The
Holy City" (Stpphfti Adams), Robert Llovil;
'•ontrnlto ?n!os. (a) "At Twitlzht." <h) •'llonii
narht" — Moon-month — (Arthur Fickenschrr),
Miss Cfci'ia D^ker. acenmranied hy the oom
pos*r: l>aryton«- solo. "Tor<>a'1r>r Sons;"' fri-m
"Cannen." Harry Wood Brown; ehnru* an!
nolo. "Ave Maria" <AM>, Miss Alma Hnr?-
Iund; soprano solo, "Sepanizione"' (Kossir.t).
Mrs. Alvina IIeu»r Wilson: duet, soprano ami
alto. "Mv Boat Is Waiting" <^mart), MIsspm
Klla McClnskpy and leathering Black: soprano
solo, "Polonaise" from "Mi^non" (Thc-ma.*).
Miss Alma Horzlunil: tenor solos, (a> "A
Dream" (Harstell). ih) "Thou Art Mine All*
(Rraskey). J. F. Veaoo: chorus. "Star-spanglcJ
Banner" ( Francis Scott Key).
President Cecil W. Mark of tht Board
of Education presided and m;ide a brief
address, introducing Dr. Frederic Burk.
g resident of the San Francisco Normal
chool, who made a happy speech. Ho
gave the graduates sonv good advlo» for
their future guidance. Thr presentation,
of the class was gracefully don*> by Prin
cipal Elisha Brooks; and Superintendent
It. H. Webster presented the diplomas
with a few wel!-rhos«»n word**.
The remainder of the programme waa
musical. The numbers were as follows:
Fifty sweet girl, graduates made their
final bow to the public as school girls at
the Scott-street High School last night.
Clad in pink and white they made a
pretty picture as they looked down from
their elevated seats upon the crowded as
sembly room. The ha!l was tastefully
decorated and a wealth of flowers maiie
the air fragrant. Tho members of thc
school board and many distinguished edu
cators were present.
George H. Graham, the -well-known po
lice officer, whpjias been doing excellent
¦work as a detective In the "upper office,"
received Instructions last night from
Chief of Police Sullivan to report for pa
trol duty. No reason is assigned for the
change. Graham has made important
captures, and has proved valuable In his
capacity as a detective. The sudden
change has created a surprise in police
circles.
Graham to Do Patrol Duty.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Gretchen Ebeliny from Heinrich
Ebellni? for cruelty. Mary E. Gearhart
from Taylor Gearhart for desertion. Mary
A. Sanderson from Charles O. Sanderson
for cruelty and Emile Sticht from Carl
Stictat for willful neglect.
"Were Granted Divorce.
STOCKTON BELLE TO
MARRY A LOCAL MAN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALTV FEIDAY, JUXE 8, 1900.
UPTON JOINS A CLUB.
be!ls. ar.d other vehicles were forced to a
standstill notwithstanding the Fhouts of
drivers. All eyes were raised toward thc
4
mAUKET street In the vicinity of,
the Oaas Sprcdkels tmildlns was
impassable yesterday morning.
Thousands of people blocked the
thoroTiphfaTe and the streets loading into
Jt_ Cars found a way through. the throng
only after the most inwssant clanging of
dome of the Claus Spreckels building and
to the plant fiapstaff above it, where, out
lined against the sky, was ,the figure of
a man made pipmy by the distance of 3G2
feet which separated him from the ex
cited crowd who watched him.
Exclamations of wonder and fear -cere
made by the crowd, but the man worked
on, as far as any eye could see, uncon
cernedly at his task, now and again stop
ping to look down on the crowd of- excited
people who watched him. Swung in a
painter's sling he was at the very top
of the flagstaff, gliding the great golden
ball which completes the staff. This ball
is three feet in diameter; it looked like,
a marble to those on the street below. The
wind was blowing almost a gale. The
ropes attached to the staff swung far out
from th^ir fastenings. The sling in which
the workman sat swayed ominously, but
the gilder appeared not to mind it.
It was a daring feat seldom witnessed
by those who watched it fearfully but
with a fascination they could not seem
ingly resist. The intrepid workman was
B. B. Jersey, who looked upon his start
ling performance as a matter of ordinary
moment. "Every man to his trade," he
said smilingly after he had descended
from his perilous perch. "When one
gets used to a thing he can do anything,
and climbing flagptaffs is one way of get
ting up in the world."
'
AS THE DARIXG WORKMAN
LOOKED FROM THE STREET.
I i r Nirhnic had oimnct Cured" by ELECTROZONE John Campbell, a capitalist, She recommends ELECTRO- |
I o-iJon „„ h!! after 30 years -of suffering. cured. ZONE for suffering women. |
L* jjIYGII Up IlUpt/i SEATTLE Wash., Jan. 27, 1900. LOS ANGELES. Cal., May IS. 1S99. 413 South Graml ave.. g8
M LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 1, 1899. TO ELECTROZONE 1 MFO. CO.: I not only ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.-Gentleinen : Your LOS ANGELES. Cal. Fe* fH
m ELECTROZONE MFO. CO.-Slra: After yara foe i that it is my duty but a real pleasure to Klf-ctrozono has done me more pood than come . *£T» O .ONE r(, - - . f ; u •• £,.
of FufforinK with a severe caso of rh»umatlsin tell all thp elck an( j Buffering what Kl.-otrozons J1CC0 I have in Los Ancclos spent during the 'if * 1 . ' ' hAdarh^' an 1 a numb reeling all f2
m S? e \ F h t arraV r al U m^t C cS m n r O W-.fv a: cu«a h Sv*!£ " ... For 30 years I suffered with past thre« year, for medical attendance. My. 2£?»$f V «d*«"m«*fcS S,mpl«.!y pr'"1nft- gj
BS I rnnim-nwl Inkhie F?prtrozonr ¦ m v hands anil rheumatism, stomach trouble and the countless , rheumatism has entirely Brone an.l tho etomfich e<1. I trW modlolne an.l doctors, but found fT*
M limb? w?re swollen in a terrlblT icr I 11Is thtlt human " esh "L'W tO > £? A S™ difficulty also. I can now oat without distress »tUe relief until I wa, advised to try H«- K "
m "tin™** tS o""n^r ln cI^m r ?hSn«lTto n walk , that after taking t hreo pottle. .d*. lcctro»on«^ I fo0( , that durlnB the pagt seven yearg , tro.one Before I had I finished the fl« bo« . a £
1 Stf2?iX %?i^U£"5ZF*n??£2' JEnSXJ x%%7!IS2 . not beer .able to touch. I .lew sound the en- »£", tKUTf^hTaUh.^n SSjBS u"e] Mj
I S'^^^E^^E^^nB^ 1 T. h^ith the K,^^ Manure- S
WA ? o, ft? \rZ r foiTin» t£« wti^ ? ,- m .word ot praise to any Inquiry. With best " turlnp Company the privilege to use the above to our sex. I would not be without this me<U- H
I B^St^XB^£!B WlSh?8> W™. ™ 8tatement and my ClnC - Y ° Ura S%A C. O. ASKAT. |>
II t*™&%\ntirii™Un^^&Vri!?^Sl v The above testimonials are only a few of tho thousands received from grateful people who have bern cured by taking ELECTROZONE. M
m and limbs. Can walk without assistance of any The effect ' of ELECTROZONE Js not merely to remove the symptoms of disease and give the semblance of health, but it eradicates the dls- i >
Hi '¦v. t r r wM" n ' i A 1 m I °now fn^VTxVth yeaT^thirtv! case ltPolf and h0:ilth is thC natural rosult - The F0Crct ° f Us wonderful P°wer in curing a Rreat variety of diseases lies in the fact that it act, £&
M Hx of which have boon an Odd Fellow' on this directly upon the blood. It is well known that a vast majority of diseases originate In an impure condition of tho Mood. To purify, enrich and 5^
M san Stl Fr^ncfsco 'wh're T^vaT- " mpioyrlf" for vltalIze thc blood with ELECTROZONE is to cure all forms of suffering caused by this condition. The most obstinate cases of RHEUMATISM, lf2CARL PRINTZ' LIFE
WRECKED BY WHISKY
Ends His Troubles With a
Dose of Prussic
Acid.
3CEXES which created great excite
ment in the local convention of
Democrats in Native Sons" Hall
nlg-ht before last may be repeated
in the State Convention at Sacramento
next week. Yesterday Seth Mann, chair
man cf the Democratic State Central
Committee, was officially advised that
there would be two contesting delegations
from San Francisco. Ueo Kaufmann will
protest against the admission of the Phe
lan-Fay delegates from the Thirty-eighth
assembly District ca the ground that cor
rupt methods were employed to secure
their recommendation to the local con
vention. A protest from the Forty-fourth
A^semb^v District will also be hied ana
a contt/tlng delegation will demand ad
mission en the ground that It was prop
erly chosen by the Democrats of the dis
lt comes to llg-ht that four committee
men of the Forty-fourth District, who
stood in for the Phelan delegation and in
cidentally caused the dispute which pro
voked Ryan to slug Fay in the mouth,
ere employed in the municipal service. J.
M Oampcxionico holds a position in the
Assessors orace; E. G. Sullivan is em
ployed in the Recorder's office; H. Gut
!=tadt is in the Registrar's office, and Dr.
P D. Bacigalupi is employed in the
Health. Department. These Tacts will bc-
Eubmltted to the State convention.
The raw work in the Thirty-eight As
fpmbly District against which Leo Kauf
mann so vigorously protested, was accom-
Phelan's election as . delegate at large
to the Kansas City convention is not
doubted. Many of the Democratic dele
gates may rear and plunge when they get
to Sacramento, but before the finish they
will bow to the yoke of party discipline.
Seth Mann, chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee, will leave the city for
Sacramento next Tuesday evening. The
committee has established headquarters
in the Golden Eagle Hotel.
A brokerage in proxies has already be
gun. Monev collected from the merchants
to cleanse Chinatown is to be used in part
to employ special policemen in the Chi
nese quarter. Yesterday a proxy in the
convention was exchanged for the privi
lege cf naming- a special policeman. If
the merchants fall to get any sanitary
satisfaction from their contributions to the
health fund they will be entertained,
nevertheless, by the production of new
features in local politics. Examples of
what may bo done for civil service under
a Phclan Democratic convention ought to
be worth something.
last, but the howling demons would not
permit investigation.
Politicians in the Democratic camp as
sert that Phelanism in all its Phelanlc
phases will be exploited in the State con
vention. On the quiet the Democrats are
chuckling because Phelan was "gold
bricked" in several delegations. "V\ hen
the time comes for discussion on the re
port to admit or exclude the contesting
delegations the storm will break. There
will be scores of proxies from San Fran
cisco. Less than half the delegates
chosen will attend In person.
The facts concerning the forging of A.
H. Schimpfs name may be presented to
the State convention. Reputable Demo
crats tried to produce the proof of for
gery at Native Sons' Hall night before
Charles A. Cassasa's vote was needed to
secure the Phelan indorsement in the
Thirty-eig-hth. The Mayor knew how to
pet the g-oods when he needed them.
Cassava Is employed by the telephone
company — a corporation which comes to
the rescue whenever Phelan is in distress.
Kaufmann was unable to account for a
startling charge when he made his speech
to the convention night before last. The
next time he is overcome by surprise he
should ring up "Central" through the
Phelan "Private Exchange."
Charles \V. Fay of the Thirty-eiehth is
the Mayor's secretary. Democrats of
prominence assert that Fay has connived
at the degradation of civil service and
that through his connivance men have
been appointed to civil service positions
without having taken the examination
a? required by the charter.
J. A. Lynch of the Thirty-eighth is one
of the superfluous deputies in the Regis
trar's office.
pllshed bv commltteemen who are on the
municipal payroll and were placed there
by Mayor Phelan's private Civil Service
Commissioner, Charles Fay.
J. F. Finn of the Thirty-eighth draws
$1500 a year for counting the envelopes at
the City Hall. The office is a useless one
and is known as that of stationery clerk.
The taxpayers, therefore, contribute $1500
ner annum for one vote for Phelan in the
Democratic convention.
• >The;flve' Justices of the Peace met yes
terday and -elected Judge Kerrigan Pre
siding Justice for the balance of the year,
to succeed Justice Dunne, who has held
the position for the last eight months.
Kerrigan Presiding Justice.
Coast Walters' Association has been con
cluded and the fr-Viowing named mem
bers have been selected to dire« the busi
ness of the association:
PresMent. Georee VT. Raw*; vice president.
Charles McKenzie; recording secretary, TV. E.
Collins; financial secretary, Joseph Trent;
Waiters, Carpenters, Bottlers, Boot
makers and Steam Fitters Choose
Directors.
The election of officers of the Pacific
LOCAL UNIONS ELECT
NEW TERM OFFICERS
Mrs. Mary Allen, midwife, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon \ on ; the
charge of - murder. ¦ She '.was accused of
causing, the death of Slary Frances Devlin,
337 Fell street, by performing; a criminal
operation upon her. The girl died May
?J. At the reyuest of the. defendant's at
torney the Judge fixed her bonds ; in $5000.
Mrs. Allen Held for Murder.
District. No. 1— W. E. Pierce. Crescent City;
2— Charles Qulgley. Etna Mills ; 2— Thomas . F.
Bergln. Weavervllle; S— Harry Davis, -y Alton;
7— O. N. McDow." Susanville; : S-^-D. . J.. Robert
son, - Qulncy; 9— George - P. Koblnson.' Chlco;
10— M. C. ¦ Keefer. ; Woodlsmd: 11— Louis Bern
hardt. Downlevllle;^ 14 — J. T. ¦ Grant. Wheat-
Those Who Will Assist Head of the
Native Sons During the
Current Term.
, Yesterday afternoon Grand President
Rust of the; Native Sons of the Goldan
West announced the following named as
his deputies for. the current term: -
GRAND PRESIDENT RUST
NAMES ALL HIS DEPUTIES
Dameron Estate Troubles.
AylettK. Cotton made a motion. to dis
miss the contest of the will of. the late
John D. Dameron yesterday on the
ground ¦ that those heirs of the deceased
who appeared as contestants had not
given their consent to the filing of the
contest to Attorneys J. T. Riley and
Crittenden Thornton. Mr. Riley, who was
in court, forthwith charged Cotton with
improper conduct and produced his proofs
that those who appeared as contestants
on the record were I contestants in fact.
Judge Coffey without further argument
denied Cotton's motion. The petition ask
ing for the removal of John D. Dameron
as executor of the estate was not taken
up, but will be heard next week. .
Among the dead man's effects was found
a. certittcate Issued In 18SS by the State
Board of Pharmacy of Michigan to Carl
G. Printz. The hotel people knew noth
ing about him other than what appeared
on the register yesterday.
An inquest was held shortly after the
body arrived at the Morgue and a verdict
of suicide was rendered.
A sensational incident took place at the
Coroner's ¦ office shortly after the Coro
ner's deputies arrived with the vial of
poison. Dr. Brugiere, the grandson of
Peter Sather, was in the office and took a
hearty .whiff -at -the vial. He immediately
fell to the floor, overcome by the fumes,
and there was a great commotion for "a
few moments, as the doctor lay on- the
carpet gasping for breath. AH the ¦ win
dows were thrown open and after being
vigorously fanned the doctor recovered.
It was ascertained after the inquest that
Printz had been working as a drug clerk
In Hay wards • for a month. He was dis
charged for drunkenness. I He had worked
for a -short: time -before that for Redlng
ton & Co. in this city. •¦-.-' . "
The body was taken to the Morgue and
an autopsy was held by Dr. Leland, who
found enough unabsorbed poison In the
stomach to kill six men.
CARL G. PRINTZ.
eARL G. PRINTZ. a drug clerk, reg
istered at the United States Hotel,
123 Eddy street, a week ago as hav
ing come from Haywards. Tester
day morning his dead body was found in
bed in his room and by his side was a vial
containing a small quantity of hydrocy
anic acid.
GEORGE E. FLIINT, who for years
was the financial secretary of
Court Star of the Mission No. 7197
of the Ancient Order of Foresters,
was not present at his post on last
Wednesday night, and the announcement
was made that he was a defaulter. His
office was declared vacant.
Yesterday morning John "vVendt, chair
man of the board of trustees of the court,
applied for a warrant for Flint's arrest
on a charge of embezzlement. As the
chairman was unable to make known the
amount that the defaulting secretary was
short in his accounts a warrant was for
the time refused. In the meantime Flint
is under surveillance.
Flint had been financial secretary of the
court for about four years, and it wa3 iis
duty to receive the money from thft mem
bers and give them receipts for the j-arm.
This Included money paid for what i*
known in the order as assessments for the
endowment fund. So far as his momy
transactions in the court were concerned,
thev were correct, for at the close or
every meeting he had to turn over whit
he received to the treasurer. But whit
he did not turn in was money that he re
ceived outside of the court for dues and
assessments from members too busy to
attend meetings. Flint would put th»
money into his pocket and sometimes
would give the paying brother credit for
a part of the amount paid and at other
times would not make any entry at all.
A special committee is collecting all the
due books from members for the purpose
of ascertaining their financial standing in
the court. When these shall ha\'e been
examined there m-iv be an Idea of the
amount involved. Film was formerly in
the saloon business on Stockton street.
It is said he played the races.
GEORGE E. FLINT.
Passes Kesolutions Approving the
Course Pursued by Congress
man Kahn.
At a recent meeting of the . San Fran
clsco Cigar-makers' Union discussion was
held over the immigration of Japanese to
this country- It resulted in the passing or
the following resolutions:
Whereas, The laboring masses of California,
through the medium of mass meetings, resolu
tions, protests and other methods, have ex
pressed their opposition to Japanese Immigra
tion and have asked Congress to take action
with the object of totally excluding the Jap
anese from this country, as they are a men
ace to free white labor, and also to the wel
fare of all our citizens; and \
Whereas, In compliance with the unanimous
request of the working people of this State
for such action Congressman Julius Kahn of
San Francisco did immediately call the at
tention of Congress to the importance and
gravity of this question by the Introduction of
a bill In the House of Representatives with
the object of excluding further Japanese im
migration: therefore, be It • -
Resolved, That the Cigar-Makers' Interna
tional Union No. 22S of San Francisco does here
by approve of the prompt action of Congressman
Kahn, In this matter, and does indorse his ef
forts to prevent the further immiisration of
the Japanese to our shores, and do respect
fully request the rest of the California and
Pacific Coast delegation to Congress to sup
port and assist him in the consummation of
this very necessary legislation. Be it further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to Congressman Kahn and also
be submitted to the public press for publica
tion. ->:?as-:
CIGAR-MAKERS' UNION
OPPOSED TO JAPANESE
Overture. "Zampa" (lie-old), orchestra; in
troauctory. "Fe!!x <jui potu!t v rerurn cesjnoeeere
causas" <G*crg:ic8 II. 190). John M. Deiehanty,
Rhetoric: selection. ••V/lzard of the rci:e" (Her
bert) orchestra. "TiuptllT liisrht — Its Oripin."
Cdward F. O'Pay: "It* Flr?t Title." Zacheus
J Mah'-r; deBrtptta piece. "Cavalry Charge"
iUi6t>n). orchestra; "Counter-argument," Rich-
Verv Rev. John P. Frie<len, S. J., presi
dent cf the college, made the offering ad
dress. The programme of the evening's
exercises was as follow:?:
The FCientiSc exercises of the forty-first
commencement of St. Ignatius College
vere held Wednesday evening in the audi
torium at Van Ness avenue and Grove
street. The building was crowded with
relatives and friends of the graduates and
students.
Ending cf the Forty-First Year Cele
brated With Fitting Cere
monies by the Faculty
and Students.
Degrees Given and Prizes
Distributed by President
of the College.
SCIENCE PUPILS
OF ST. IGNATIUS
GET SHEEPSKINS
KLOCUTIOX — Premium. Daniel T. Murphy;
distinguished. George H» Sveteni"h, William A.
Breen, Joseph M. Geary, John T. Sullivan.
LATIN AND GREEK— Medal. Michael J.
Coft>y: premium. Joseph M. Geary; distin
guished. John T. Sullivan. Daniel T. Murphy
ENGLISH— First premium, William A.
Breen: second premium. John T. ¦Sullivan; dis
tinguished, Daniel T. Murphy, Michael J.Cof
fey, Joseph M. Geary, George H. Svetenlch.
Henry F. Clifford.
MATHEMATICS— Medal. Michael J. Cofrey,
premium, John T. Sullivan.
HISTORY— Premium, Michael J. Coftey; dis
tinguished. Joseph M. Geary, Daniel T. Mur
phy, William A. Breen. John T. Pulllvan.
POETRY (Christian doctrine) — Medal. Joseph
M. Geary: premium. Michael J. Cofrey; distin
guished, Daniel T. Murphy. William A. Preen
John T, Sullivan, George II. Svetenlch, Henry
F. Clifford. • * ,
HISTORY— Premium, John M. Delehanty
ELOCUTION— Premium, Frederick Churchill
distinguished, Alfred J. Cleary. Edward a'
Foley.
EXGLISII — First premium. Edward A. Forey
second premium. Frederick Churchill; distin
guished. Alfred J. Cleary, John M. Delehanty
Gregory P. Kn?t. Francis J. Barrett.
MATHEMATICS— Medal. Alfred J. Cleary
premium, Gregory S. Kast: distinguished'
Owrn J. McCann. Francis J. Barrett.
LATIN AND GREEK— Medal, John M. Dele
hanty; premium. Alfred J. Cleary; distin
guished, Frederick Churchill, Francis J Bar
rett.
RHETOPJC, CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE-
Medal. Frederick Churchill: premium. Greirorv
S. Kast; distinguished, Alfred J. Cleary Fd
j-aril X. Foley. John M. Delehanty, Francis
J. Barrett.
CHEMISTRY— Med-J, Constantlne A.'Bricca
premium, Hubert M. Hussey; distinguished'
William P. Golden. . .
MATHEMATICS— Medal. Constantlne R. Bric
ca: premium. Hubert M. Hussey; distinguished
—Joseph A. Murphy and John E. Hughes ,
PHYSICS— Medal. Constantine A. Bricca
premium, Hubert M. Hussey; distinguished.'
ASTRONOMY— Premium. Zacheus J. Maher
PHILOSOPHY-First Year-Philosophy of
Religion— Medal, William P. Golden: premium
Louis X. Ityan: distinguished — Joseph A Mur
phy. John E. Hughes and Hubert M. Hussev
LOGIC AND METAPHYSICS-Medal Wil
liam P. Golden; premium, Joeeph A. Murchv
distintrulshed— Louis X. Ryan, John E Hughes
and Hubert M. Hussey. "ugnes
CHEMISTRY— Medal. .Zacheus J. Maher; pre
mium, Edward F. O'Day; distinguished Mich
ael Buckley, Stanislaus A. Riley, Richard L.
Williams.
PHYSICS— Medal, Zacheus J. Maher; premi
um, Edward F. O'Day; distinguished— Richard
L. Williams, Michael F. Buckley, Stanislaus
A. Riley.
MATHEMATICS— Medal. Stanislaus A. Riley
premium. Zacheus J. Maher; distinguished'
Edward F. O'Day. '
CLASS WORK- College Course: Philosophy,
second year— Philosophy of Religion— Medal
Zacheus J. Maher; premium, Edward F. O'Day:
disting-uished— Stanislaus A. Riley, Michael
F. Buckley and Richard L. Williams. Moral
Philosophy — Medal. Edward F. CDay; premi
um. Zucheus J. Maher: distinguished — Stanis
laus A. Riley, Michael F. Buckley and Richard
L. Williams.
CON'DTJCT — College Course — Medal. Stanislaus
A. Riley; premium. John M. Delehanty. Hon
orable mention — Philosophy, second year —
Zacheus J. Maher. Edward O'Day, Richard
Williams, Michael Buckley; Philosophy, first
year— William Golden. Louis Ryan, John
Hug-hes, Hubert Hussey. Constantino A. Bricca.
Joseph A. Murphy: Rhetoric — Francis Barrett,
Henry McCarthy, Edward A. Foley, Frederick
Churchill, Alfred Cleary. Francis Williams.
Gregory Kast: Poetry— Michael Coffey, Daniel
Murphy, Francis Sutton. George Svetinich,
ORDINARY PRIZES.
J. Button, Emmanuel Hromada, John L.
Whelan. Peter rte Lucls.
A sold medal, the Rift of Mr3. E^ Martin, for
the best paper in elementary L&tln and Greek,
awarded to Thomas W. Manga n; deserving spe
cial mention. William A. Sullivan; next In
merit. James Mulcare. Robert F. Eaaer. Cor
nelius J. McCoy, Raymond J. Canning. Milton
A special prize for English verse awarded to
Alfred J. Cleary; next in merit, Frederick
Churchill, Gregory Knct. Francis X. William?.
Edward A. Foley. William A. Breen, John T.
Sullivan.
A sold medal, the grift of James R. Kelly,
for the best Latin composition. awarded
to Alfred J. Cleary; deserving special mention.
Anthony J. Pmith; next m merit. Michael J.
Coffer, Jchn M. Delehnnty, Joseph M. Geary.
Owen McCann. Frederick Churchill. John T.
Sullivan, Frederick Murphy.
A gold medal, the plft of Prince Andre Ponla
towski, for the lx"st paper in "Physics and
Chemistry-," awarded to Zacheus J. Maher:
next In merit, Stanislaus A. PUley, Edward F.
O'Day.
A gold medal, the gift of Mrs. F. S. Wen
sinirer, for the best essay In ••Christian Doc
trine," awarded to Anthony J. Smith; next in
m^rit. Edward A. Foley, Michael J. Coffey,
Alfred 3. Cleary, John T. Sullivan. Charles A.
Bcbotf. Gregory Kast. Henry F. Clifford.
A gold medal, the gift of Hon. James D.
Phelan, A.B. '81. for the best mathematical
paper, awarded to Zacheus J. Maher; next in
merit, Owen MeCann, Hubert M. Hussey,
Stanislaus A. Riley.
A gold medal, the grift of his Grace, the Most
Rev. Archbishop P. W. Rlordan. D. D.. for the
best essay in "Philosophy of Religion"—
Zacheus J. Maher; next In merit, Stanislaus
A. Riley. Edward F. O'I»ar. Richard Lloyd
Williams, Hubert M. Hussey, Michael F. Buck
ley. Louis X. Ryan.
EXTRAORDINART PRIZES
The degree of bachelor of arts— Michael F.
Buckley, Zacheus J. Maher. Edward F. O'Day,
Stanislaus A. Riley. Richard L. Williams.
The awards of special and ordinary
prizes in the colleg-e and scientific courses
were announced by the Rev. Henry
"VVoods. S. J.. prefect of studies. The full
list of degrees conferred and medals, pre
miums and mentions awarded is as fol
lows.
ard Lloyd Williams: "Equality of Men." Stan
islaus A. Riley. Potpourri. "MelMies" (Holtz
rr.an), orchestra; distribution of ordinary prizes
In colleg-e course; waltz. ••Summer Evening"
<"WaJ<Jteufel). orchestra; distribution of extra
ordinary prizes in academic and coulee courses:
conferring of degrees: music. "Old Veteran
March" (Stephen J. O'Connell). orchestra.
Financial Secretary of a
Foresters' Lodge an
Embezzler.
FLINT KEPT COIN
PAID IN AS DUES
A. J. Variel, Ramona Parlor; F. H. Kerri
gan, Stanford; J. A. Day, Palo Alto; John A.
Halpin, Rlncon; "WV H. Huston, Woodland;
Will Goodin. Winters; C A. Boldemann. Cali
fornia; L. C. Pistolesi. Sequoia: I. Llnderman.
Bay City; W. P. Johnson. Sequoia; William
Barton, Presidio; Arthur Reed, Liberty; J.
Porcher. Mission; J. R. Slmmot, Golden An
chor; C. B. Arditto, Excelsior; G. G. Leslie.
Santa Barbara; J. F. Farraher. Treka; C J.
Jansen, Humboldt; J. H. Pllomarea. Pomona;
Frank E. Slattery. Olympus: C. A. Glover.
San Francisco: Jack Ahern. Baker; James A.
Devoto, San Francisco; D. A. Ryan, Pacific:
J. B. Tyson, Sequoia; B. V. Sargent, Santa
Lucia.
land; 13— John Kirtley, Lower Lake; 1&— F. F.
Williamson. Occidental: 17— H. J. Mclsaacs.
Pausallto: IS — William Lentz, Crockett: 19— E.
E. Long. Fairfield; :o— Oeorge W. Gildersleeve,
Napa; 21 — A. C. Kaufman, Sacramento;
22— E. L. Bosqult, Placervllle; IJ-Wll
liam McLaughlln. Jackson; 24— XVUl A. Dower,
San Andreas; 25 — J. B. Curtin.* Sonora: 25— C
E. .ManUery, Stockton; 27— E. A. Brackett.
Oakland; 2S— L. P. Larue. Brooklyn; 29— J. F.
Hansen. Alameda; 30— Martin Murphy, San
Jose; 31— James D. Hedje, Redwood Citv; 32—
J. L. Koppel. Palo Alto 33— \V. R. Linscott.
Santa Cruz; 34— A. L. McCandtess. Salinas;
35 — F. J. Rodriicues. San Luis Obispo: 36 — H.
McFadden. San MiR-uel; 37 — Fr^d Cantna. Cam
bria: 3S— J. J. Grlfnn, Merced: »— C. B. Cav
agnaw, Hornltas; 40— Slmcn Levy, Visalia; 41—
George L. Sackett, Ventura: 42— W. S.
Kincsbury, Los Anpeles; 43 — P. V. Garcia,
Redlands: 44 — Sam Schiller, San Die^o: 45 —
James O'Gara, 46 — James M. Hanley, 47 — J. W.
Lewis, 4S— W. J. Attridge, 43— W. J. Wynn,
50— H. F. Pernau, 51— E. P. Eagan. San Fran
cisco.
The following named were appointed
deputy grand presidents at large:
President, Ira Dexter; vice pr»»sident. A.
Courtney; recording and corresponding secre
tary, J. E. Farrell: financial secretary. R. M.
Wilson: treasurer. Walter Mlze; inspector, T.
F. Ke!lke: swntinel. Georsre Brown.
Following are. the officers who will serve
the Steam Fitters' Union for the ensuing
term:
President. Albert Schonau: vice president. W.
E. Walker; recording secretary. Francis Cole;
financial secretary, Fred Maysonhetder; treas
urer. J. H. Hall; sentinel. James Burke; con
ductor, Jeremiah Lynch; executive board-
Frank Hughes, J. Tooley, C. J. Woodall. T.
Hawksworth and M. Van I>arllny: label com
mittee — H. Gallaeher. M. Gutlrovle and J H.
Hall; delegates to Labor Council— Frank Hughes
and J. SchlHlr.r.
Local Union No. 215 of the National
Boot and Shoe "Workers have elected and
Installed the following named officers:
This union resolved tr» march with the
Brewers and Maltsters' Local No. 7 to the
depot en route to the picnic to be held la
San Jose on July 15. This will be the larg
est parade held In thi3 city by the Na
tional Union of United Brewery Work
men.
President. John Horton; vice president, "Wil
liam Cohen; recording secretary. Mat O'Brien:
sergeant at arms. John Haas: trustees — "Wmianx
Cohen. Joseph Fldelein. Val Brltton: ftnanca
committee— C. Rahwyler, Mat O'Brien, Adam
Kraegor; general secretary. Arthur R. Andre.
After the nominations had been made
the union decided to give a smoker on
Monday evening next and Members
Hutchinson, Lathrop, Kldd. Roberts and
Heine were appointed a committee of ar
ransements:
Bottlers' Union No. 102 made nomina
tions as follows:
President, C. A. Temnleton and A. Heimer:
vice president. II. Spencer; recording secretary.
C. H. Stocks; financial secretary. Guy Lathrop;
treasurer. J. Roberts; conductor. \V. Uutchln
son; trustee. "W. Chalmers; delegates to San
Francisco Labor Council, A. Zanut and "Waiter
Goff; delegates to Building Trades Council, P.
McKenna. Walter Goff. W. Hutchinson. J.
Roberts. C. A. Templetcn. C. IL Stocks H.
Lunt. W. Ctalmers.
Rowe V.-&3 selected over three candi
dates. He defeated the incumbent. E. R.
Moss, who was next In strength, by
twenty-one votes. Twenty candidates ap
peared for election a3 directors and thero
was considerable good-natured excite
ment before the seven vacancies were
filled.
The following nominations have been
made by Carpenters' Union Xo. 4S3:
treasurer. Charles Stlckel: directors— AI Kuhn.
I*. A. Rlc»it<M-. Wtlllam Harvey. William Dujc
caa. E. E. KInr. J. Jarvia and William GU
more.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.
SIGNS OF A BIG FIGHT IN
DEMOCRATIC STATE CAMP
j
Scenes of Local Convention May Be Repeated in Sacra
mento — Chinatown Special Police Appointments
an Exchange for Proxies.
5
Convention Scenes at San Francispo May Ba Repeated at Sacramento.
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOBXUM. | THE EMPOBXUM. | THE EMPOBXUM.
Ostrich Feather and Empire Wn* ga «d tf| >^-r-v Men's $12.5(0 and $15,00 <*
Fans one-third off regular B8*29^ m S~v>k "w*k V m tra l-j m- hingte ~ Braastcd Sack •<£
prices this week. Ostrich Fans regular- m M m& Wt Jtfffl^^f 4fr H fl 1 H 1^ && Suits $9,95, until farther notice. ]*
ly $1.75 to |5.C0; Empire Fans 35c to hH g| iH^L^-S. vL m& j2i &p Sj5@L bG&l e are e; i vii y overstocked ia the39 «^
Bargains in Undertnuslin $1.00 Chamois Gloves 63c— Friday Only— |
m -v^MiJj Department — For this day only — Ladie3' Mas- A thousand pair of excellent 2-dasp Summer Gloves, the S5c and s*
/vF^Sl^' » n Skirt, with cluster of tucks and deep embroidery $1.00 grades of chamois in tans, modes, grays, white or nat- %
//flWf\ c^s^^S^t^^'^l^, ural color, all sizes, new and without blemish; only 1000 J
§ A / i,\ 'i\ regukr price 75c— to-day 500 . pairs at to-day's price. OoC .«
(Al A I/. «/ \ '}j\ Eargaln Counter— Main Aisle. •»
h^^^^^^^T rimmed Hal 50c Stockings for 16c— Friday o/z/r— Ladies* :?
i -'/:tVvV**>=.^i»^^ v^ D-_ n -;_ t . rrtV7t. ani <\-> *f&£z&§S?^\ imported real llaco two-thread cotton and 3uperfin9 quaHtv of brilliant Lbl^ 5
t^^ J Bargains-FrUv and tot W&ffi&fo Thread Ho 3? , extra hi^h spliced heel and double sole, coVrs nav 7( brown and
*6.00 Colored Trimmed Hats- ? pe- . . ffe. pur buyer secured a large !ot of these 50c Stockings at a f abu'.oa;- f ~ •
-;„, , f «r» c/j v^?^S^3IjI'» ly low price, and we offer them special to-davonlv $1.93 per dozan, p*r pair « OS* -5
Clal ac Second Aisle Left of Entrance. **¦...¦¦• r r J»
cial at..... .,..$5*00 **& r*,m . ... . -^ _ — — . . . , , *2
$14.03 Colored Trimmed Hats— special at... $7-50 zf GiiOICQ Wash UOOdS 11C — A Special Sale for J
Lr.dies' Bonnets — sxtra special for two day?, at- $5>OO <^^ >^_ ~) Friday enly — Fine Madras Ginghams, dainty styles and co!or effects, for waists 5
60c bunches of Roses — special for two days, at.... ,25o }]&$$ and' children's wear; also dress style Plaids suitable for suits, skirts, etc.; a *<J
25c bunches of Roses — special for two days, at tOo splendid range of colorings; widths 30 and 32 inches; your choice to-day, — *<*
Millinery Decartment— Second Floor. per yard ,.~ ~ HG &
Dry Goods Section— First Floor. •*
Spachtel Tidies 5c each-200 dozen Spachtel % Oc « St ?? k . G^H^ s ™% G r Utest 1
l"sh Point effects, and Coored Si k Embroidered Tidies, many pretty designs, Jg^&|^ g"fj«£ *££ ® S
c.to- T?h?»«_-\fnir. aV.V. ' " 50c Collars en special sale to-day cnh.. mS & G X
Sales Tables-Main Aisle. ;:^^^3 Bargain Table-Main Aisle. /fnlU **
t $12.50, $15,00 and $18.00 60c Violet Water 29c— To-day only—nM> \
Jackets S3 *95 - To-day only — 150" new (thi3 sea- A handsome Cut Glass Cologne Bottle, worth 35c, filled with 2 ounces *»£S\* \ }t
son's) Si k-!ined Jackats, Etoos in all styles, fly fronts California Violet Water, true and lasting odor, worth 25c, (IT Pi - §
and double-breasted Jackets, all of excellent qualities, Friday the bottle and contents „ dCSG (rr* 5 *^ *5
all colors and FiziS. This sale for Friday on'y. and Toilet Article Department-Rotunda. — XS Jf
alterations extra. Not a jacket ever __ »^-^ ««. . .
before less than $12.50, most of them Carpet 3ttd FumiturC SpCCiaSS, %
were $15 and $18— to- o Q t% /i?A economy is an object to you, yoa will buy your Farnitura and Carpets at the "5
day your choice for *<»•«*' \?i big stora. These extra special prices ara for Friday only: ' $
}r& Axmlnster Carpois— Well selected styles ia choice coloriag3, worth 5
' . /tffiinuK fully $1.25 per yard, to-day only „ QOo jg
4*f HO s»nrl 4*1 2 *i /M\V\w1\ Tapestry Brussels Carpets— All of the standard makes, should be «*
making. We bought them at nearly half price-you get (J^* \l\ Japanese Matting -Our own importation, every yard woven of straw .%
them sama way. All sizes $1.00 and $1 25 Waists— -,„ T gathered m the last crop, strong, phab!e and bngat, special to-day only— *
to-day only L O9G #f?C for the 12J= grada 20o for the 25c grade %
Second Floor-Front. • ; 15c for the 20c grade 25c for the 30c grade Jt
Ladies' Shoes 99C — Good, serviceable A A grand display of fancy and staple pieces of Furniture, at prices %
\ Z j Dongola Kid Button Shoes, cloth tops, coin toe3, patent leather tips, which cannot be duplicated for the same quality of goods. iJ^Qote these »J
\ \ I sewed sole?, 5/{« 2 J /o 5 Jon/v, a splendid bargain for ladies qq Specials fot Friday Only .* %
I X, \ with very small feat, at FriJay's special price, pair HmSC * jf. js
I <S^ \ First Aisle— Left of Entrance. gff^Xfo^g W*S& <^-^K Q _ # JC
Groceries and -^^- l^^ tn^0^^^ Rlfll/ |
SfeK m - «— - m W^W rack like W i flfl.i| ; Itf %
Ltqwors— Friday* j*|i p^e. . UMmu g
Boiled Ham-Sliced, regu'arly 30c Cfieeso-California full cream, per W i/ > y ig 5«=s?- / sZr&f] tfr.ft&gfl 5
lb,to-davon:y 2Oc ¦ lb IOC % ,*} S8 ; 7S for im- *
r*aham Wnfnnt — Nir« and Sweet Chocolate— Stollwerck's ! ~M v ™ Yed mixed /#a/i« I %^^^^^i*^ 5
Graham Wafers Nice and ?Tince^ re^ _^ Mattress-mzdi S
fresh, per ID 1UC i ar i y 3Q C , to-day... 25o \Ji- X in one or two part3, ji ; : e^f^^i!lCa\ S
Fairbznh'sClalrottoSoap— Kentucky Bourbon Whis- /A\ J5^> to y° nr order— cov- \r*hr u^i W^Vr*"^? f_j\ *
. 7 bars for 253 key — 300 only lull quart bottles, on ff ] M -J*f\ ~ f T&i with be3t t- ck - u ['' J!L'~ft^iv H
Coffee— Oar best Jiva and Mocha, special sale to-day 54a \[ Wj.~£A\ ingl 'M U rQ \| 3f
regularly 35c lb, to-day only 30c Fruit Syrups-Pnve goods for -sum- V^^jt — IU {{
* .,".-, . ., , ,, „ ., c mil drinks— raspberry, strawberry, J ;.'¦*>.¦ "•¦} fx 75o for Golden #*T «
Deviled Ham— Libby, Mc>..>il & pineaple. grenadine, lemon and gam— R^S* iS Oak Dining \~--± fi/- S1.75 for large, J«
t Libby's, i-lb tins, 2 for 7o regularly 45c bottle, to-day 32o U^^-^ vV^ Chair like picture. roomy Arm Chair -J
Main Floor— Rear, Near Jessie-street entrance. Second Floor— Eear. U-***" i**^ like picture. °2
special sale to-day only, each. . ||| Hgggli**^ ir^O>4^ *$g£0r @W^ct somelv embossed and enoraved '*
¦¦"%¦ W** iBut&rio.n'&nir.'to^i,^^^Wj , -'Q-^Q^ 33c g
I See Saturday • Ad." } CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ,' See Saturday "Ad." I ;|
-The three new battleships .whoso de-
signs have been accepted by the naval
authorities at Washington will cost $7,030.-
000 each, and bo able to cruise 7000 miles
with one coaling-.
¦ ======
O-O -o-e-O-©- ©-©-«-«-« -O-O- ©-© - ©-©- 9-9-9-9-9-9
& S^ /Tk. /-I '¦-/''•¦¦"¦ 9
t KNOCKS OUT PAIN! . --J
O jTj Every movement of the body, every ef- ,
q jj^^^^?lji \^^^^^\ fort of the mind is a draw upon nerve ©
\*^$r*^^ r ~T\^J power. Mental tension, or wear and tear 1
O , M? 0^ of l^ e "without corresponding recupera- t
O /z&^S^^&^bk. tion will break down the strength. That • ©
ftj§|f^<Ji|figk tiring 1 , lowering back pain shows weak- I
O t&/%j&^£?&4 ness cf the C3jnral muscles. This affects ®
C tixe action of the kidneys- Us e ©
f ilf Or, McLaughlin's Electric Belt, 1
© It will save you a lifetime of suffer- 9
4,' ' f\ J ing. You quickly feel the exhilaration, 1
9 and the work goes on till the cure is t
O ..complete." 9
OLEANDER, Fresno Co.. Cal., June 1. 1500. f>
© nn M A McLVUGHLIX: Your Belt is all right as a remedy. I have Rained flf- "f
te^» S:and.*«lr.ce I put it en. I l^ve no n>sreU that I set it. and shall certainly I
• rectjnc-.cnd it to other people. J - T - * LT^ AM. W
L __ ,-. - iiir T ITTflTTTTlT 702 Market Street. Corner Kearny. San A
9 * HP M A MPl.il II ItH hi N Francisco. BurdlcK Block, cor. Spring f
T^HrL 11L iL UlbliilU UHUIII, and second Streets. Los Angeles. A
9" . ,
tt O-9-&-G-9 o 9 +-»-a-o-<»-g-®-*-3-*-*-s-o-»-»
WE
i
COHSULTATIO.V r/tEB.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
tfomc Cures— Fres Boole.
3;ieiiliJt3-rst'-bIlii:i Hjirlj 20 Te*.-j.
| i O A SAN FRANCISCO.
1 rUwninf HOURS— 3 to SQ T the recent conference held at Montgomery,
j / \ Ala., by representative Southern men to con
! sider the various problems growing out of the
j relations between the white and the negro races much
{ was said of the duty of the dominant race to promote
; the welfare of the blacks and to fit them for the respon
! sibilities of freedom tnd citizenship. From the tenor
j of the discussion it was hoped no further efforts
would be made in any Southern State to deprive the
negro of the privilege of voting, but it is now evident
that the more liberal speakers at the conference arc
in advance^of their countrymen. The demand for
restricting negro suffrage continues. The people of
Virginia have resolved to revise their constitution
with the avowed object of depriving a large percent
age of negroes of the franchise, and in their eagerness
to accomplish the work some of them have called
upon the Governor to summon a special session of
the Legislature so that provision can be made for the
election of delegates to the constitutional convention
in November and thus get through with the work as
quickly as possible.
This new evidence of what appears to be a wide
spread determination throughout the South to climi«
rate the negro from politics is not encouraging to the
hopes of those who put their trust in the liberal sen
timents uttered at the Montgomery conference. The
franchise in the hands of the ignorant is undoubtedly
bad, and if Virginia sought to impose some kind of
educational restriction upon white and black alike
there would be no objection. When, however, it is
proposed to so frame the restrictions as to make them
operative against men of a particular race and color,
there is hardly anything that can be said in favor of
them. The best way for the Southern States to fit
the negro for citizenship is to treat him with fairness,
for so long as he is treated unfairly he will be dis
contented and antagonistic to the whites, and there
fore less inclined to profit by their teaching.
There are other questions upon which the consti
tutional convention is expected to act, and upon
some of these" there is reason to believe that reform
is needed. The State is said to be overburdened with
office-holders, and it is the desire of the people to get
rid of a good many of them by abolishing the offices.
In that desire they will have abundant sympathy. It
is to be hoped that when the convention meets it will
be under the control of liberal men, and that if any
thing be done to deprive the negro of his vote it will
at least leave a way open for him to obtain it again
by education and thrift. There may be and doubtless
are evils in the suffrage as exercised by negroes in
their present condition of ignorance in the Southern
States, but their citizenship has been established in
the constitution of the United States, and none of
them should be deprived without cause of the right
to cast an honest vote and have it honestly counted.
Another blow, has been struck at women's rights,
?.nd the timid may expect to sec the angry hosts in
the field ready for battle. Congress is taking meas
ures to protect songbirds from destruction by those
who kill. the birds for their plumage. *
.-•, Some '"of. Bryan's friends declare it does not matter
a bit who is given, the second place on the ticket, or
what is said in the platform, as Bryan is going to be
the whole thing; and they are not far wrong.
Judge J. K. Law and wife of Mercod ar«
at the Lick.
A. Luchessa. a merchant of Cambria, la
at the Grand.
B. F. Shepherd, a mining man of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
J. E. Brown, a hardware merchant cj
Seattle, is at the Grand.
F. A. Hihn, the hotel and real estata
man. of Santa Crua. is at the Grand.
C. M. Coglan. secretary of tha Stata
Hoard of Equa.liza.tlon, is stepping at tlia
Uck.
E. E. Bush, G. R. Cameron, P. McRaa
and J. W. Barbour of Hacford are in this
city on business connected with the oil
fields of the south. They are stopping at
tho Lick.
O. S. Breese of Lcs Anseles, associate
editor of the MJning and Metallurgical
Journal and secretary of the Southern
California Branch of. the California Min
ers' Association, Is spending a few weeks
In this city on business.
Ralph Pincus of the Columbia Thea.te?
left last night to meet the Henry Miller
aggregation of stars. He will pilot tha
company about the State for two weeka.
during which time "Miss Hobbs." the lata
New York success, will be played In Los
Angeles, Stockton, San Jose, Sacramento
and Fresno. The company will arrive la
thi3 city about June 2).
CALIFORNIANS IN NTZW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Mrs. Phebo A.
Hearst of San Francisco is at the Wal
fiorf; Paul Bancroft of San Francisco ia
at the Fifth Avenue; W. B. Standefonl of
Oakland is at the Sturtevant; Mrs. Dr. R.
L. . Buchanan of Los Angeles Is at tha
Savoy.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MINORCA— H. B.. City. The breed of
chickens that you inquire about aro
known by the name of Minorca, not
Minucka. ;
BALDANZA— W. A. M.. City. In the
files of The Call. April 6. 1300. you will
find an account of the death of Ernesto
Baldanza, an opera singer.
' ENTERTAINMENT— M. W. S.. Sacra
mento. Cal. There i3 no such official in
the order of Native Sons of the Golden
West as "chairman of the entertainment
committee." .••
NAPA TO SAN JOSE— C. E. M.. Val
lejo. Cal. If you desire to drive from
Napa to San Jose drive to Tlburon. then
take the ferry to this city and from here
drive along the county road to the Gardea
City.
MINOR COINS— "Little Billy." City.
The selling price of a copper nickel cent
of 1S62 is from 5 to 30 cents; a copper r.lck
el three-cent piece of 1S67 sells for 25 to
40 cents. Dealers do not offer premiums
for these.
MUTILATING COINS— H. W.. City. Jt
is a crime under the laws of the United
States, to debase or mutilate United
States coin, if it is the Intention of the
party so debasing or mutilating the coia
to pass It as current money.
MARRIAGE LICENSE — Subscriber.
City. Marriage licenses are obtained la
San Francisco on payment of a licence
fee of 12 at the marriage license depart
ment of the office of the County Clerk and
upon making an affidavit required by law.
¦ ? ¦
PERSONAL MENTION.
teacher appointed by the teachers them
selves. This idea must be ever borne in
mind: The schools are for the children,
not for the teachers. Therefore the teach
ers are not the ruling power, but those
who stand for the children's parents.
3. The third result which flows from the
general principle Is that the schools must
not be made the instrument of injustice
to any class of the people. Xot only must
they be open to all under the same con
ditions, but they must confer no privi
lege In the face of the State -which is
not enjoyed equally bv every other citi
zen. The children cf the people have a
right to an education in the public
schools, but they have a right to no more.
Least of all in the matter of public em
ployment should they have a claim to spe
cial treatment. The door to public em
ployment should be open to every citizen
on equal terms. Xo man should be pun
ished directly or indirectly for using his
legrai rights. If a parent in his discretion
educates his child in a system other than
the public school system that child should
suffer no disqualification for it9 parents
constitutional act. That child should
have as free access to public employment
as the child brought up in the common
school. Now employment in the public
schools is public employment. It stands
on precisely the same "tooting as employ
ment in the Postomce or in the City Hall.
Therefore to make graduation in the pub
lic school a necessary condition for teach
ing in the public school is to discriminate
against parental rights. As I have said
already, no parent will be willing to send
his child to a private institution if the
State reserves its emoluments for its own
warda.
In crder. therefore, to safeguard the
parents" rights and to adhere to the spirit
and letter of our constitution the schools
shculd belong to the people, should be
managed by the people and should be open
to all the children of the people whether
as pupils cr as teachers.
IL
It will be noticed that no objection to
these principles comes from the people.
Indeed, when an open attack is made upon
them, as in the charter of ISX. the people
g:ve a very decided answer. Neither does
the attack come from the great body of
hard working and zeaious teachers. They
realize their position with r-gard to the
parents of the children. A great trust
has bee» given them and a grtat respon
sibility. Ihey believe they can fulfill that
trust better Dy frankly accepting the re
sponsibility. The best teacners are the
most anxious to see the parents interested
in the schools.*
The attack comes from another quar
ter and it comes all along the line. Tnos«
who make it claim that tne people are not
fit to manage the schools, that the schools
should be in the hands of the teachers and
that the teachers should be products of
the schools. There is a natural tendency
in man to magnifv his office. It is easy
to convince him that his profession is the
most important in the scheme of things.
Where he and his professional brethren
are numerous and influential it is not dif
ficult to persuade them that they know
better than mere outsiders what makes
for the common weal. Teachers do not
escape this tendency to form themselves
into a separate estate. The majority, it is
true, recognize their true position as pub
lic servants and are satisfied when they
receive security of tenure. There are
others, however, who consider that the
profession of teaching puts them on a
different level from all other public em
ployes. I>ealing so much with children
they convince themselves that the com
munity has never emerged from thft
shadow of the pedagogue's rod. There
fore the communit3- is unfit to manage the
schools. That management should be de
livered into the hands of "educators."
which is another way for saying teacher
politicians. These "educators" are evolved
In some mysterious way from the or
dinary teacher, but they are as superior
to the ordinary teacher as is the butterfly
to the grub. In fact, one of their chief
demands is that the ordinary teachers
should relinquish security of tenure in
their favor. They demand the divine right
to set up and to pull down, to give life or
destroy.
This blessed scheme is known to the
elect as "riddine the schools of politics."
The school system is to be a self
contained entity, as independent of the
people as a business enterprise. To be
sure the dear people -will have the privi
lege of paying for the support or the
system, but the management of It must
be In the hands of those entirely free
from popular influence.
In a late address Mr. Frederic Burk,
principal of the San Francisco Xorrnal
School, formulates this policy. He said
that no matter how iniquitous legislators
are on other matters, they are always
willing to listen and to be guided in school
legislation by those who make a profes
sion of teaching and are therefore able
to speak from experience, and that ' he
would recommend the appointment of a
committee to wait upon the next Legis
lature and suggest the method to be em
ployed in ridding the schools of politics.
He even went so far as to name the com
mittee, viz.. President Wheeler of the
State University. President Jordan of the
Private University at Palo Alto. Princi
pal Black of the San Diego Normal School
and Superintendent Kirk.
Concerning this cold-blooded proposi
tion it may be well to remark that there
is no department of the Government
which can be or should be taken out of
politics. Give politics any meaning you
please, good or bad. and in the last re
sort it signifies popular control. To take
the schools out of politics therefore
means to take them away from popular
control.
It is against the fundamental principles
of our Government to remove anything in
civics from the sphere of the people's
will. It is all very well to say that poli
tics is corrupt, that bosses rule, that
schools are Injured. If politics Is corrupt
it is because the people are corrupt, if
bosses rule it is because the people vote
for them, if schools are injured it is the
will of the sovereign multitude. No com
munity deserves to have a government
better than itself. Even were we to be
lieve all the hysterical asseverations of
the goo-goos we can only conclude that as
the people can have what they want they
are getting tho kind of politics they like.
A government of the people and by the
people and for the people cannot be higher
or better or purer than the people. To a
government of that kind we are commit
ted, and as we enjoy its advantages we
must bear its drawbacks. This is the rea
son all our reform machines go to smash.
Honesty is not in the law nor in the char
ter, but in the man who executes it. 1
should not like to trust a thief with the
administration of the ten commandments.
For this reason there is no guarantee
whatsoever that the schools would fare a
whit better in the hands of the "educa
tors" than they fare In the hands of the
common folk. It is to be proved that to
take them out of one kind of polities win
not land them in another kind of politics.
Who is so simple as to believe that the
"educators" are any wiser or better or
purer than the population In general?
How did they get their positions If not by
the same arts* that every other politician
got his? They can pull wires, they can
concoct schemes, they can put deals
through with a readiness and dispatch
that would put the most experienced ward
heeler to the blush. Why "then do they
demand special and exceptional treat
ment? What should we irdnk of the
sewer cleaners— that latest and most mar
velous development of the civil service—
if they approached the Legislature with
the proposition to take the sewers out of
politics by giving the Beard of Works into
their hands? What should we think of
the postofflce clerks if they demanded that
the whole management of the mall service
should, be committed to elected- repre«ent
allv ?r J rom tnelr body? The demand
would bo no more ridiculous than the pro
posal of certain tearher. politicians that
only pedagogues ;_ should control the
schools. •
III.
I have set forth in detail the general
principles which underlie our school sys
tem because the present School Board of
San Francisco violates every one of them
That body is a shining example of the
beauties of taking the schools out of poli
t L C! S J I l any School Board In the State
should be representative of the people it
should be the School Board of San Fran
cisco. The general average of popular In
telligence Is higher here than In any other
section of the community, and if the peo
ple of this city are not able to manage
their own schools, then popular schools
are a failure. Yet by the act of the pres*
ent.administration.the schools are taken
out. of the hands of the people and put
into the hands of the teacher politicians.
Of the four members of the School Board
three represent the School Department
v and one. represents nothing and nobody.
THE TRIUMPH OF THE FIRE DRILL
AT the burning of the Lafayette Primary School
on Thursday there was given an exhibition of
the supreme value of the fire drill in which the
children of the public schools are trained. At the
tine the are broke cut there in the building
; : nearly 500 children, almost all of them under twelve
years of a.ge, and the dar.ger of a frightful tragedy
•was imminent. Fortunately the children had beea
• thoroughly drilled for the emergency, and the prin
cipal of the school, Mi^s Kate Casey, was thoroughly
fitted to deal vith it. Without betraying the slightest
ahrrn she gave the signal calling for the drill, and so
promptly was it obeyed that within. two minutes after
the alarm sounded every one of the children was out
ci the bulldiug and beyond danger.
. When a catastrophe is avoided few peop'e give heed
to the foresight «rhich guarded against it. It is .1
. familiar theme with historians that wise statesmen
v.ho prevent wars never receive half the glorv
awarded to those who by some :orm 01 lolly permit
wars to come and then make splendid efforts to
grapple with them. The truth applies to the credit
p:viri to individuals in private life as well as to the
leaders of r.atior.?. Had the teachers of the Lafayette
School piven their prpils no training in the fire drill,
zvA had the outbreak of the fire precipitated some
thing like a panic, ar.d had the teachers then displayed
courage and devotion in rescuing the imperiled chil
dren, the highest praise would have been awarded to
their actions. As it is the general public is apt to
overlook the merit of what was done and pass it by
. without drawing the right lesson from it and giving
honor where it is due.
Under any and all circumstances -an ounce of pre
vention \> better then a pound of cure, and the majdm
is- especially tr::e where the evil to be prevented is
that of a panic ru?h from a building on fire. Over
£i:d over again instances h2ve occurred where a
frightful lo?s of life has resulted solely from a lack of
a ¦ T~- '« « - .
such prevention. Fires have occurred m theaters ai::l
other jjnhV.c halls where the exits were so numerous
and so ample that the whole audience could be dis
. ... , . ...
m-.sscd within five minutes, and yet panic-stncken
people have trampled upon one another, blockaded
the doorways ar.d perished by scores. Such is the
danger that confronts the children of our public
schools, should the- appearance of fire in one of
these wooden structures crowded with pupils be fol
lowed by a rush of terror-stricken children the 'in
cvitablc resuit would be a calamity appalling in its na
ture and extent. We have thus good reason to cpm
mend the prudence of the school authorities in pro
viding by the fire drill a thorough prevention against
such a result. It is clearly cne of the most important
parts of school discipline.-
By that, drill and by the coolness and courage of
the principal of the school San Francisco has been
saved from a calamity which might have filled hun
dreds of homes with mourning. The lesson- should
rot be lost upon any portion of the community. An
other illustration has been given of the excellent work
which the school teachers are doing in the training
of the children under their charge, and it yt one for
whose pood results thousands of our people have
Members of the Suite Board of Health says that
Governor Gage lacks understanding and a scientific
mind. His Excellency replies that be possesses com
mon sense. As far is any investigation, critical or
otherwise, has been able to discover, the cherished ar
ticle is not carried under his Excellency's hat.
Mavor Phclan's insult to a Grand Army veteran
who \rr.s opposed to a clause of the charter gives per
haps his Honor's best conception of w-hat a reform
government iu San Frsncisco must be. It is purely
;md simply a worship" of the Phclan hit.
Unfortunate as the collapse of the Boers gallant
struggle for liberty has been, there is some coinpcnsa
¦ tion in the fact that the sephemoric platform-makers
of t?je Democracy have been robbed of a few plati-
Or:icral Otis fays that the better class of Filipinos
have an inborn, uncompromising love of nationality.
There are always two «>des to a question 2tter all, and
a generous foe is ever ready to admit the fact.
Why are not three of the Police Board
policemen? Why are not three of the
Fire Board firemen? Why are not three
Of the Health Board physicians?
As a consequence the board i3 playing
into the hands of those who would maks
the State system a close preserve. It will
not trust itself to select teachers, though
this is one of the duties for which the
members draw their generous salaries. It
appeals to outsiders to draw up a schema
and the observant reader may with profit
compare the list of these outsiders with
Mr. Burk's committee, which is to influ
ence the next Legislature. Why. we may
inquire. wa3 Dr. Jordan's name put on
that list? He Is the president of a pri
vate institution. Why should he be sin
gled out and the president of St. Mary'*
College passed over? What has Alameda
County to do with the school system of
San Francisco? What right has Presi
dent Wheeler to forget his duty of hands
off even if our School Board is too incom
petent to know that duty? The schema
was imbecile in those who proposed it. It
was indecent in those who accepted it.
Every one sees now that thi3 new plaa
is part and parcel of the great deception.
It is true that neither Dr. Wheeler nor
Dr. Jordan was privy to the Imposture,
but for years the idea has been fostered
that Berkeley and Stanford were the cap
and crown of our public school system,
and that to them the system should loo 3c
for its models, its governors and its teach
ers. Hence came the selection of a com
mittee, all the members of which belong
to one style of educationalists. No doubt
the plan they will put forward, if they
ever put it forward now, will make it im
possible for any one but their own dis
ciples to gain preferment.
With such a- plan in operation th»
schools would be well guaranteed against
all outsiders. That the idea of such a
quarantine emanated solely from the
School Board does not appear likely—
though I must not be taken as supposing
that august body sterile of all ideas. The
order would seem to come from higher
quarters. For what other reason can w*
assign for the action of that other fearful
and wonderful contrivance — the Civil Ser
vice Commission? Its application forms
demand from the candidate information
as to the school in which he was educated.
That is none of the examiner's business.
It has no reason, except that it be another
means to close up all cracks in the quar-
The "composition of the School Board!
and Its doings are opposed to the i""" 11 "
mental ideas of our school system, mere
are other matters on which I have not
touched in this article, namely the af
filiations of Mr. Marks and the deputies
of Mr. Webster, to discuss which another
occasion must be taken, J. have said
enough to justify my utterances at bt.
Mary's College. With a personal matter
growing out of that address I beg to ciosj.
A few days after I had spoken in Oak
land I received a letter addressed Rev.
Peter C. Yorke. care Very Rev. John J.
Prer.dergast. 1100 Franklin street, CUy.
The letter was as follows:
department' of education, citt
HALL SAN FRANCISCO. May 2S, 1*0.—
Rev iWr C. Yorke. Care Very Rev. John J.
Prtndergast. XUO Franklin Mreet. City— My
Dear Sir: By percr.l-sion of the president of mi
board I write to a3k whether you are correct. y
quoted in the San Francisco Eianuner o. tin*
morning as fo'-lows:
"And the wcrst of, all is the ironclad monop
oly possible in education. It mean*.- of course,
that the supply of teachers is to be drawn from
the University cf CalifcraU and from the pri
vate university of Stanrord. Ween tee ceop.e
c*anct choose the teachers for their cstsaren
they nay close their public schools. • • •
"We are afflicted with boards and ccKSiis
sloners without number, and one of the most
wonderful of them all la the present Board o£
Education in San Francisco, which is raaktr.*
rules for San Francisco teacher* to be hereafter
selected, and It places the power in the haada
of the presidents of the university.
"An answer at your earliest convenience win
very much oblige yours, most respectfully.
"JOHN B. CASSERLT, School Director."
Of course I did not answer the letter.
The insult implied in sending it to the
Vicar General, as though I were a tramp
without a local habitation or a name i*
worthy of Mr. Casserly. A gentleman can
not descend to the level of even resent
ing it. P. C Y0P.KK.
THE charter which was submitted to
the citizens of San Francisco In 1S9S
¦was rejected because of its pro
visions against freedom of education.
At the request of 'certain teacher pol
iticians th3 Freeholders had inserted a
clause limiting the choice of teachers to
graduates of the public school system of
California. Against such an attempt to
create an educational monopoly public
sentiment revolted. The charter was de
feated. The people of this city were not
willing then and are not willing now to
surrender their right to select teachers
wherever and however they can secure
the best.
But it would be a mistake to suppose
that those teacher politicians lost courage
or hope. They know so much better than
the people what is good for the people's
children. The one thing necessary to se
cure the educational salvation of Cali
fornia is to give them full and everlasting
control of the school system. With life
positions, good salaries and unlimited
patronage there is no knowing how high
they might elevate the community.
Of course they begin with San Fran
cisco. Let no one dare to insinuate that
thi3 interest in San Francisco is dictated
by the magnitude of San Francisco's
school system and the length of San Fran
cisco's purse. That interest is purely pa
triotic and -pedagogical. An enterprising
doctor loves nothing so much as a rich
patient with notions about diseases. Sci
ence is benefited by experiment, and the
patient who has the means to pay for ex
periments and the belief that he needs
them and the devotion to submit to them
is a godsend to a poor but scientific prac
titioner. San Francisco is strong enough
to support aad rich enough to tempt all
the resources of science. The city has
been doctored by every school of political
medicine._ We have had government by
mobs, government by corporations, gov
ernment by reformers, government by
bosses, and we are now trying govern,
ment by salaries. That this last form of
municipal management finds favor in the
eyes of the teacher politician is merely a
coincidence. His thoughts are of higher
things. With mental vision he sweeps
oTfli t m 'f mountal n Peaks, and though
the filthy lucre may cling to his hands as
he progresses through this vale of tears
and politics he esteems it but as dross in
comparison with the benefits his talents,
!he vonTh^f e and hIs ener ej bestow on
commonweaYth* generous an<l Prosperous
who eD fa%o^dV* 0t SUr P rls 'ns that those
TvYi o?m»W lon came lnto being. The
CC Tnd n r y ,h by Ot^ er and obHqSe
means. Under the new charter the ta«ic
Mavnr * Ot * b £ difflcuIt w Jth a manageable
dlfion nf , the Pro . per J*" 113 - The on e con.
dition of success is that the eves of thp
people be blinded to the tVue mfan?ngof
the movement and their eais deceived by
Professions of high aims and disinterested
I.
? J« n w e^ 1Ing l wlth P u bHc questions such as
this it is always necessary to keep close
'«« rst . principles It is true one rUns the
risk of being tedious, but it Is better to
be tedious than obscure and illogical.
Prejudice an.i passion and self-interest
are ever tending to hide the issues in such
matters. In them a short-sighted view is
always a mistaken view. Without fre
quent reference to the great truths on
which our civil polity is founded there is
continual danger of stumbling into blund
ers, which are worse than crimes.
There is no right more sacred than that
of the parent to his child. As.lonp as
father and mother do their duty no power
on earth is justified in interfering with
them. The state can intervene only when
that duty is manifestly neglected, and
then only by due process of law. In an
ordinary family there is nothing the par- \
ents resent so much as the meddling of
outsiders with their children. If you wish
to lose a man's friendship forever tell
him how to manage his family. No father.
no mother .will suffer other people and
other people's ideas to rule the home.
Now in the eyes of thp parent the state
is merely the other people of the commu
nity. He will itcognize their right to in
sist on education because education is a
public necessity, but he reserves to him
self the choice of teachers, of schools, of
methods and of the kind of education that
will best advance the interests of his
child. When parents associate themselves
in school districts in order to support a.
system of common schools they do not
surrender these rights. They keep the
management of the schools in the hands
of their representatives; and they keep in
their own hands the right to send their
children to these Reneral schools or to use
other schools. If to use them should com
mend itself to their judgment.
From this principle three great results
flow :
1. The schools belong to the people
whose children use them. I do not mean,
of course, that the schools exist only for
those who have children actually attend
ing them, but I mean the people of the
territory whose wants the schools are
built to supply. Hence it is that In our
system of government the school district
is the smallest political unit enjoying
home rule. It is nearest to the people. In
a large city where the system is naturally
complex the truth of this conclusion is
not evident at once. But let us take a
country district with a few dozen fami
lies. They have built their school and
now comes the question who Is to manage
It? Surely they do not hand It over to
th*» authorities of a county a hundred
miles away. They elect representatives
or trustees— they elect them directly and
they elect them for a short torm. These
trustees stand in the place of the people
of that district, not in the place of the
people of any other district. They man
age the school? for the children of the
locality and according to the local needs.
This independence of the school district
is guaranteed by the constitution even
against all the people of the State. Xot
i even our Legislature can pass a special
enactment "providing for the manage
' ment of common schools." General laws
j there must be, but as long as those cen#
! eral laws are obeyed each school unit is
self-contained and independent.
What is true of the country school dis
trict is true of San Francisco. The city
i schools belong to the city people. They
! do not belong to the people of 'Alarneda.
Santa Clara or Sacramento. We dp not
meddle with the schools of any 'other
county. Why should the people of any
other county meddle with ours? Such
meddling, no matter by whom, is posi
tively indecent and the man or board that
suggests it Is untrue to the interests of
the- city and a traitor to the people's
rights.
2. The second result which flows from
the general principle Is that the schools
are built for the children, not for the
teachers. In a country district, who hires
the teacher? Shall the representatives of
the peoole accept a teacher sent, say bv
the Federal Government at Washington
or by the State Government at Sacra
inento? Hardly. No dnubt the Federal
Government and the State ' Government
might.be able to secure far more efficient
teachers than the trustees In their wis
dom-may appoint, bufthere is something
more than efficiency to be considered.
School learning Is not the .wjinle of life.
There are franchises-more valuable than
the arts of reading and writing. I do
not believe there is any school district in
California that would sell the risrhts of
parents for any- hall-mark from State or
nation. Airain. the constitution considers
those rights so precious that it guaran
tees thpmJn.its provisions. It expressly
limits the power of centralization by se
curing to each county, the power of licens
ing teachers. -As long as that power is
exerc'sed. and the constitution Intended
that It should be exercised, the cower of
the people to choose teachers for their
children cannot bo monopolized by any
central authority. .
Now what the constitution will not
grant to the whole State It surely will
not grant to any class or caste within
the State. When the Trustees of a school
district would be unwllling'to accept a
teachpr appointed by. th*. central execu
tive they certainly wil» not accent a
FRIDW . JUNES, iqoo
~]oKN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address M Communications to W. S. LEAK'c, Manager.
MAXACEtt'S OFFICE, .j^. . •j^elephoxu^TreB^SO*
I'lDLICATIOX OFFICE.. Mnrfcet nnd Third. S. F.
lilcphone Pre»» UO1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone 1'rcs* 2«2.
Dellreifd tiy rr.rrfcri>. 15 Cent- I*cr Weelc.
MncI* Copies. 7, Cents.
T«rni by Mall. Including S'ostase:
DAILT CALL. 'Jncludins Sonisy). cse year W-W
DAILT CALL Onciudtns Sunday). C months »•"»
) I>AILT CALL <inc:u<!2n« Ecnday). 3 months l-^>
i-DATLY CALL— F.r Blsc** Month Ff.
FIWDAT CALL One Y«*r *•£»
WEEKLY CALL One T>*r LM
AH poctuiaatcrB ».r«? nntboriied to receive
«nl)«cripllon«.
Eaa:p!e cccle* will be forwarded xrhen requested.
OAKLAND OFFICC 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROQNESS,
Mantjer Foneifcn Admtisinjr, M&rquette Building. Chicago]
Clear Distance Te!or,iicre '-Central K13.")
irrrw york cohresfondext:
C C. CARLTGN. '. Herald Square!
JTETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN S. SMITH 3D Tribune Bunding
CHICAGO XE^'S STANDS: : ;
F'r'rrr.ET. 1 1 cute; P. Ol News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fre=icct IIcom; Auditorium Hotel.
XEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Vfalficrf-Artcrta Hotel; A. Ereztaao. :: Ccloa 6<r=a r e;
WASH1N3TCN (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hots! j
MORTON E. CSANE. Correspondent.
.
Bit AXOf nF"F"IC"E«— err ncEip-cmfry. corner c* Clay. O7*n j
Data S:iO o'clock. 3?J Hayes, cpen until 9:S0 o'clock. CZZ |
McAllister, ores cr-tll S:20 o'clock. CU LarV!r.. rpen until •
*:S0 o'clock. :S<1 ilissier.. cper. until 10 o'clock. ZSO. Market, ;
corner Sixteenth. cr*r. until 9 o'clock. 1CSS Valer-cia, open j
until S o'clock. ICC Eleventh. cp«ii until 9 o'clock. >T\V cor- j
5»r TwentyHiecc«!l z.ni Ke^v-cky, opea u£t!l 9 o'clock.
rROM the temper displayed at the meeting of
the Republican County Committee on Thursday
evening it is evident there are dangers ahead for
the party in this city. Two plans were submitted for
the organization of district clubs, and at once dissen
sions arose. After a wrangle lasting nearly four hours
the committee was unable to reach a decision on the
subject, and both plans were referred to a joint com
mittee consisting of the executive and advisory com
mittees, with power to act. Upon that committee,
j therefore, devolves the duty of arranging a plan which
[ v. ill defeat any schemes the bosses may have to obtain
I control of the party machinery and which will se
| cure every loyal Republican in his right to a fair and
\ equal voice in the organization of the clubs.
The dissensions in the committee may be minor
I matters in themselves, but they serve to point once
more the warning The Call has so often repeated.
When the Republican majority in the Legislature en
tered upon the task of electing a United States
Senator to succeed Senator White it was made
evident that certain bosses, backed by th;
Southern Pacific Railroad, had devised a scheme
for obtaining the position for one of their own
number. The better element of the party suc
ceeded in baffling that scheme at the regular session
and defeating it altogether when the extra session was'
called. The bosses, enraged by the disappointment,
retired from the field uttering threats against those
who had overthrown them. Those threats they carried
cut partially at the State convention, and now, flushed
by that success, they r.re more vigorous than ever in
their efforts to regain control of the party machinery,
and more bitter in their determination to exclude de
cent Republicans from any share in the control of
rcrtv affairs.
* " . , , ...
Tnere is but one way to assure Republican success
in California in the corning campaign, and that is by
depriving the bosses and the would-be bosses of all
their evil poser. There is but one way to accomplish
the overthrow of boss dictation, and that is by the
united action of good men. It behooves all honest.
loyal and patriotic Republicans to assert their rights
:r> the party councils at this time and to perform their
full share of all campaign duties. The bosses are not
fools. If they see that the better element of the party
is aroused and intends to take control they will not
f:ght; but if they observe any indifference or careless
ness on the part o! that element, they will at once
bend even- energy and employ every resource of their
crnnir.g and their corruption to profit by it and put
their own tools in power.
Even- advantage of the political situation is in the
hands of true Republicans. President McKinley is'
personally one of the most popular men that ever
presided over the republic; his administration has
been excellent; prosperity prevails throughout the
country and is secured by Republican legislation; the
defeat of the bosses by the election of Senator Bard
gives to the party a high prestige in the State as in j
the nation. Everything, therefore, promises victory,
but the promise is based upon the provision that lion- j
est Republicans do their duty. It is not a yellow dog
year. Had the Southern Pacific Railroad's
candidate been elected to the Senate it is doubt- !
ml if, with all the advantages of the time, the
most earnest efforts could have saved California to the
Republican column. That danger is past, but another
remains. Any appearance of boss domination in the
party councils, any suppression of the rank and file
of the party, any unfit nomination for office made by
cictat'ion of the bosses, will seriously compromise the
campaign and weaken the chances of victory.
The moral of the situation is plain. Republican suc
cess in this city and in this State is dependent upon
the vigcr and resolution of that element of the party
which defeated the bosses in the Senatorial fight. The
men who stand for honest politics and true Repub
licanism must come forth and take part in the contest
from the first. This is no time for shirking any por
tion of, the political responsibilities and duties of a
citizen. There is a danger ahead of the party which
none can deny, but it is a danger which can be easily
overcome if the loyal members of the party will be
watchful, resolute and vigorous.
THE IMMIGRATION OF J0F>ANESE
SINCE The Call first directed attention .to the
menace of Japanese immigration there has
been ample evidence that the warning was ut-,
tcred not a daj* too soon. In fact, every development
of the issue from th.it time to this has confirmed the
statement that the problem is one of growing im
j portance arfd that the governmental authorities at
Washinarton should act promptly in dealing with it.
It was announced Wednesday that Statistician Eccle
ston of the local Bureau of Immigration reports 1068
arrivals of alien immigrants at this port during the
month of May. Of these 380 were tourists and 6S8
will remain in California. The nationalities repre
j rented werei^Japanese, 437; English. 88; Korean, 19;
{Mexican, 24: Portuguese, \28; Scandinavians, ir, and
I Spanish-American, 11. The occupations were: Farm
laborers. 252: mariners, 44: skilled laborers, 25; com
mon laborers, 34; miners, 16: farmers, 10; merchants,
37; r.o occupation, including women and children,
It will be seen from the figures that the Japanese
far exceed in numbers the people of any other na
j tionality who are nor; arriving at this port. It is to
i be borne in mind, moreover, that the 437 who have
entered this city direct do not by any means include
ill the Japanese who came into the State last month.
It is safe to say a considerable number found their
way across the northern border, and that the total
immigration is much larger than it appears.
In this connection it is worth noting that recent
j reports from Hawaii are to the effect that the Japan
j ese in the islands "have been misbehaving themselves
considerably of late on several of the plantations, and
it is very evident they have disaffected leaders behind
them." If the reported discontent grow to serious
proportions it is quite likely there may be something
like a wholesale exodus of Japanese from Hawaii, and
in such case they will almost certainly seek to better
their condition by coming to California. We shall
thus have a notable increase to the immigration
which comes direct from Japan, and the effect upon
the local lah>*r market will be highly injurious. <
The danger of this immigration has been pointed
cut to the administration and to Congress by the
Senators and Representatives from California, and we
may reasonably expect that steps will be taken to pre
vent it in the near future. In the meantime it will
be well tor the people of the Pacific Coast to keep up
the agitation for Japanese as well as Chinese restric
tion. *The one sort of immigration is as bad as the
other, or if there be my difference it is to the advan
tage of the Chinese. The United States must be
guarded against wholesale immigration of any kind
of oriental tabor.
If local Democrats have failed to break the "slate"
in their highly interesting convention they have ?.t
least the satisfaction, so dear to the Democratic heart,
of having broken seveial heads.
/""* ONGRESS is closing the session with a bang
I in both houses. The discussions of the week
have been marked by efforts on the part of the
more reckless leaders of the Bryanite factions to for
mulate something like material for the campaign.
Thus there has been on their side more wrangling
than debate, more rhetoric than reason, and on the
part of certain demagogues frequent outbursts of-pas
sion and folly less like the arguments of sane men
than the ravings of lunatics.
Senator Hanna has long been the particular object
of the malignity of the yellow journals, and borrowing
the weapons of those irresponsible bushwhackers of
politics several of the loose-tongued advocates of
Bryanism have on more than one occasion made use
of them in the Senate itself. These attacks, though
| contemptible in their nature, have been irritating, and
I at last Senator Hanna has lost patience and turned
i upon his malicious foes." He has dealt with them
! ence and for all so far as present issues are concerned,
| and after his short speech of Tuesday it is not likely
: that any one will attempt again in the Senate to at
tack him when he is aroused from his usual con
temptuous indifference- to such enemies and is ready
Pettigrew of South Dakota, in the course of his
bJatherskiting against the Republican party and its
leaders, stated that Cramp, the Philadelphia ship
builder, contributed $400,000 to the Republican cam
paign fund in 1893 with the understanding that he
would be reimbursed by contracts. .for the construc
tion of warships for the Government. It was a silly
statement, and no one on the Republican side paid
any attention to it. Thereupon Bacon of Georgia,
with solemn pompousness, as if he were dealing with
a grave subject, proceeded to repeat the charge and to
say it had been denied neither by Senator Hanna,
present chairman of the Republican National Com
mittee, nor by Senator Carter, who was chairman in
1892. Then the storm broke.
There are some libelers who are not much more im
portant than gnats, but, as Queen Guinevere remarked
of them, "they sting." The Senator from Ohio had
been stung once too often. The moment Bacon ut
tered the charge Hanna replied: "If I should under
take to reply to all such statements made on this floor
I would occupy more of the time of the Senate than
even the Senator from Georgia does. I heard the
statement and considered it unworthy of notice, and
I declined to dignify it by a denial. I had nothing to
do with the campaign of 1892, but I have heard this
story and I say most emphatically and decidedly that
I believe it is not true. So far as such allusions are
n:ade to the campaign of 1806, I desire to say that no
promises were made ?.nd no considerations were of
fered to any person or any corporation for contribu
tions made." He then reviewed the general course
of Pettigrew in debate and closed by saying he some
times doubted the sanity of the man in putting such
things into the Congressional Record and expecting
people to believe them.
Carter confirmed the statement of the Ohio Sena
tor, and added: "I say now that any charge that con
tributions were received to be reimbursed through
the medium of Government contracts, or that any
promises were made to corporations or to individuals,
U absolutely false and can be branded properly only as
a lie."
Of course it is not pleasant to say of a United
States Senator that he talks as if he were not sane T
snd that his language ought to be branded as lying,
but when a Senator persists in talking in that way
what else can be said of him? Senator Hanna acted
quite properly in crushing the pestiferous insect with
one blow. Why make two kicks at a Pettigrew, or
be indirect in dealing with his pettigrewing?
HflNNA DEFIES H'S FOES.
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FEIDAT, JUXE 8, 1900.
6
.... . , :,.-s. .-?;¦ ,-.-.; •...¦
VIRGINIA AND NEGRO SUFFRAGE
The Schemes of the San Francisco Scfioof Board,
By I^ev. Peter C. Yorl^e.
This is the third and concluding article of the series hy the pastqr of St. Peter's
parislv orb the general subject of education as conducted in our schools and universi
ties. Article I was entitled, "On the Smaller Colleges"; Article II, "On the Attitude
.Cal. glace fruit SOc per rb atTownsenTs.*
Now ready. July styles Standard pat-
terns. Domestic office. 1021 Market St. •
Special information supplied dally ,'J&
business houses and public men by -tea
Press Clipping Bureau (AHen's>, CO Mont-
somery street. Telephone ilala 10C v- •
AJlUS±.3»fc.:»XS.
Orph««uai — Tas iev: I'.e.
Ccluisbte— ""!Vh<>r. We Were Ttrestr-cse."
Calirprria— "A P.zz Ecby."
TtvoJf— "The Three Guardsmen."
Alcaaar— "Sapho."
Olympic, corter ilason and Eddy streets — SpeciaUiee.
'Th-Jtes. Zoo an! Theater— Vaudeville every arterncon as3
cvtz..r.;.
}'.- v .cr'p- "AMn" ar.d • 1 M;?rcn."
f^utro Eaths— C»i«n nicht.«.
" ~aucti6n~sales.
Bv A. VT. I>>u<l«rVack— This day. at 2 o'clock. Turk : sh R-jps,
F.t <-:rr»<=r Gefcry ajid Stockton «xj-eett.Sunday School Picnic.
The annual* outing of the Episcopal
Sunday school* of San Francisco will be
held at El Campo on Saturday. June 9.
The steamer Ukiah will leave the Tiburon
ferry at 8:30 a. m. "The little people of
the Episcopal church are assured a merry
time. , There will be . games, dancing ' and
general amusements for" all. r
Property Owner on Sixth Street Pro
tests to Supervisors Aguinst
Any Alteration.
¦ A protest was filed with the Board of
Supervisors, by Mrs. A. I. Leary again&i
any alteration of the sidewalk in front 'of
ths premises from 540 to 518 Sixth street,
between Brjant and Brannan. The pro
testant insists that the sidewalk was con
structed and is now maintained in exact
conformity with the official grade of that
portion of Sixth street upon which it lies.
The protest continues:
The sidewalk was constructed In the year
1S94 In conformity with, an official survey and
designation of the official grade made by Wil
liam Fitzhugh, who was Ihen City and County
Surveyor. To adart.the building* fronting, on
paid Flflewalk to the paid erade the prote*tant
had to expend over 51000 for raising said build
ing and placing thereunder a brick foundation
and rsarranglntf the plumbing throughout. An
< quul outlay would now have to be made If
the sidewalk was ordered to be Jowerfd. The
6idewalks and street crown throuphout most all
of Sixth street are out of- conformity, with the
official erode and are uneven and Irregular
throughout. The portestant is almost the only
person Jn th* district who has gom> to the ex
pens?,- trouble ; and care to ascertain the offi
cial crade and make her sidewalk and prem
ises conform thereto.*,;:
CLAIMS SIDEWALK IS
ON OFFICIAL GRADE
Port Collector Jackson has been^advised
by the Secretary of the Treasury that the
joint resolution relative to the free zene'
of Mexico has been repealed and that
Section 3005 of the Revised Statutes is In
full : force and effect. This section pro
vides that all merchandise arriving at any
port of the United States destined for any
foreign country may be entered at the
Custom-house and conveyed in transit
through the territory of the United States
without payment of duties, under such
regulations as to examination and. trans
portation as the Secretary of the Treas
ury may prescribe.
Merchandise in Transit.
Note — An examination upon this connte
as a basis for the granting of certificates
will be published on Wednesday next.
men have felt themselves under the sway
of that "overmastering sense of this
present world" that was pre-eminently
his. Bet partly also it has been well de
served: for beyond question h» was one of
the most prodfjrious mlndp that have so
far given themselves to the novel.
Quite the opposite of all this is Balzac
He Is the great realist. He worships "the
gi»d of things as they are." His gift is
otservation — the keen, penetrating and
ah-devotfrinj? glance. He watches the
human animal. Hejstudies him. not with
sympathy, for he nas scant respect for
him. but with an insatiable cariosity. H»i
notes his every turn and motion, every
look and gesture. He strips off his mask,
exposes his hypocrisy, pursues him into
the privacy of these actions which he sup
poses safe from the gaze of men, laya
bare the root of meanness and selfishness
and pricks the bubble of his respectabil
ity. And what he sees he writes. Hia
vast store cf facts he pours out in his
novels. In the well-known judgment of
Taine. Balzac Is. after Shakespeare. th<*
writer who offers the largest collection of
"'human documents." On* sees at once
on examining these documents the new
prevalence of things. The whole mate
rial background of our lives ia brought
into view. It has been said of Balzac
that he first gave us novels in which peo-
Pie eat. His poople are r.o abstractions.
They are not the mere masks of ideas,
as Hugo's sometimes are. They are not
the invincible conquerors of circumstance
that Dumas loves. They do not live by
the forces of heart and will and mind, like
the heroes and heroines of George Sand
Thev are creatures of flesh and blood
obeulent to instinct, amenable to hunger
and the other bodily appetites. They are
narrowly dependent on their material en
vironment, and they move in the midst
of all those things which both character
ize and determine them— their clothes, or
nament?, houses, furniture, pictures,
china, gardens, horses and carriages and
all the rest.
Of the four names, lingo. Duma*. Sand
and Balzac, it is Balzac's that has loomed
largest in the domain of the novel as the
years have flown. That Is partly his good
fortune, for the pendulum of the world'3
thought, especially under the impulse of
the physical and biological sciences and
of the idea of democracy, has been swing
ing in the direction r.f nisi view of the
world, and everywhere more and more
the shelter of calm and reasonable
thoughts.
Xo doubt we must not seek here the
| faithful portrait of the average French
i peasant. We shall miss from her farmer
I some of those qualities that often belong
: to him and some of those things that al
| ways belongs to his life; those hard quali-
I ties and tho.-?e unlovely things that Balzac
j and Zola dwell en so persistently— hl3
i greed of money, his coarseness, his crush
ing toll, the smell of the stable on his
i clothes. Bui for all that her .canvas la
not lacking in essential truth, for she
knew her peasants from a long Intimacy,
such as neither Balzac nor Zola enjoyed.
The source of the difference is that what
she saw and dwelt upon especially was
the ideal part of his possessions, for sh«
believed intensely in the reality and
power of that ideal part. One could hard
ly desire a better exponent and example
of idealism in the art of fiction. With
her. art was not the pursuit of material
reality, but the search fur ideal truth.
What sh*» would give us was not a faith
ful reflection of the outward form and
feature cf cur human life, but a moving
picture of It. as it is in its inner forces
and capacities. >
V» r ith AlexanSre Dumas we are in an
other world. Studious meditation on .the
problems of; man and society does not
enter, this region. Dumas ha3 no philo
sophic interpretations in his eye. lie i3
too intent on hunting the argument. «s
Mr. Maurice Hewlett puts it. It is not
wealth of ideas that you shall find with
him. but wealth of energy, activity, ad
venture. His great gift is an inventive
imagination of exhaustless fertility and
unflagging vivacity, the moment a man
or- group of men is presented to it. it
seizes them and they - speed 1 off at full
gallop on a round of high and excltlns
deeds. There will be plot and, counter
plot. Deep schemes- will be undone ny
still deeper ones, and marvelous obstacles
suddenly thrust in the way will, call out
greater xnarvejs of daring and prowess to
surmount' them. The flushed face of
achievement will never be "sicklied o'er
If Victor Hugo comes first on the list of
novelists it is not so much by reason of
the fame of "Les Miserable*." which is
perhaps for the mass of English readers
his only novel, but because he was the
great literary genius of his time, the first
man of letters of his century. The novel
was far from being his main Interest. One
sign of thi3. among many others, is found
In a peculiar feature of his career as a
novelist — it is made up of two periods,
separated by the interval of a whole gen
eration. From "Notre Damp de l J aris"
(I>i31) to "Les Miserablrs" «iyo no part cf
his incessant activity was given to the
novel, though it was in these years that it
was celebrating its great triumphs and
assuming a new and more serious import
ance, especially through the work of Bal
zac. And when he came back to the novel
in "Les Miserables" there was little to
show that these changes had had any
effect on him. "Les lilserables" and the
novels that followed It are plainly from
the same mind as "Notre Dame." and
were built upon the same plan. In them
all he is essentially a poet. Tholr quali
ties are poetic qualities— amplitude and
grandeur of conception, imaginative
power. In "Notre Dame" ho is a poet of
30, In the heyday of romanticism, under
the charm of the historical interest, in tha
exuberance of youth: in "Les MIserables**
he is a poet of GO. looking back on years
of political and social agitation and un
rest, confronting from exile the somber
perplexities of his time and reflecting on
the past and present of hum^n affairs anl
institutions. Each novel has for theme
some large and Imposing phase of our
human lot. And the mature poet becomes
also a philosopher. The novels -wore to be
philosophic interpretations of history and
life in certain great and universal phases.
But what the reader remembers of these
novels is not the philosophic theme, but
the poetry of the details.' the wealth of
ideas, the vividness of description, the
intensity of the situations, which, espe
cially in the later works, constantly tend
to descend to the melodramatic, the daz
zling magic of the language, and more
than all. perhaps, the deep and ardent
human sympathy that is all-pervasive in
them, the indomitable faith in humanity
that irradiates them.
No writers could well be more unlike
than these four masters of the novel, nor
could four well be chosen anywhere whn.«<>
works wonld present a greater variety of
qualities and interest. They w>ll exhibit
the wide range of the novel as a literary
form and its capacity for the most diverse
effects.
This does not mean that these four have
been in all respects unsurpassed. It la
quite likely that many would name- on
their list 6f the greatest French novels
a majority by other writers. It Is even
quite certain that these have not been the
most important novelist?, if we are think
ing of their literary influence and the ef
fect of their work upon the theory and
practice of the art of fiction.
sketched the imposing outlines of that
series of "Rougon-Macquart" novels that
were to furnish the ''natural and social
history of a family under the second em
pire."
From this array of names — and there is
not one of them that is not represented
bv some work of more than ordinary
nierit— it Is clear that the age has been
as conspicuous for the great mass as for
the quality of whnt it has produced. But
in spite again of the conflicting claims, of
schools it may be jnalntained that among
all these considerable novelists there are
four who in a special way dominate the
field— Hujso, Dumas, George Sand and
Balzac.
"Wants Pay From City.
The attack on San Francisco's depleted
treasury still goes on. Fred Patek filed
suit yesterday against Auditor wells to
compel the approval of a demand against
the city and county for $74 8*5. the price
of meat sold to the City and County Hos
pital. Patek's demand has beer, refused
on the ground of "no funds."
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS •
OPEN A LOCAL HOME
They Have Established Cozy Head
quarters on Montgomery
Street.
The Pacific Coast Commercial Travel
ers' Association has opened headquarters
in this 'city at 12 Montgomery street. This
is the first organization of the kin'd that
the drummers have had on the coast and
it will no doubt be greatly appreciated by
tne traveling men.
The headquarters are nicely furnished
and are fitted up with the object of pro
viding a comfortable meeting place for
the members. The rooms are provided
with reading, writing, card and billiard
tables, a sideboard and in fact everything
to make tnem cozy and homelike. The
following named committee on headquar
ters attended to the furnishing of the
headquarters: B. B. Galland (chairman).
R. H. Davis, A. C. Boldemann. Lee
Jacobs, George Shurtleff and S. Moseley
Woods.
VICTOR HUGO.
Secretary Long's Experiment With
the Indiana and Massachu
setts Has Proved to Be
a Marked Success.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The experi
ment with the battleships Indiana and
Massachusetts has been a marked suc
cess. A telegram received at the Navy
Department to-day from Admiral Silaa
Casey, commandant of the League Island
Navy-yard, annoiinced that the two big
ships were completely equipped and ready
for sea. He Said the Indiana would pull
out at noon and the Massachusetts about
two hours later for Newport, via Hamp
ton Roads. The delay in the case of the
latter ship •was not because of any lack of
preparedness on her part, but simply be
cause the tide would not serve until this
this afternoon. Thus it appears that these
two formidable vessels have been ready
fcr any required service in the short
space of about forty hours, without the
slightest warning or notice to the com
mandant of the League Island navy-yard
or-the commanders of the two battleships.
The result is regarded as a satisfactory
vindication of the policy of keeping ships
"in ordinary," recently adopted by the
Navy Department. The record made at
League Island is about as good as any
abroad, with superior facilities in the lat
ter case. This little experiment will be
noted with interest by other naval power?
A later telegTam from Rear Admiral
Casey at League Island announced that
both battleships, the Indiana and the
Massachusetts, were lying in the stream
with steam up and would start down the
Delaware River at 5 o'clock. Everything
was ready and everybody aboard except
three marine officers, who will join the
Shins at Hampton Roads.
¦ 1 pon receipt of this news Acting Secre- i
tary Hackett promptly returned a mes- !
sage to Rear Admiral Casey and Captains <
Dlckins and Train, congratulating them
on the celerity and completeness with !
which they had responded to the emerg
ency call of the Navy Department and re- I
turning thanks for the exhibition of zeal i
by all nands. •
Two Battleships Prepare for
War in Less Than •
Forty Hours.
Wild Goose Mining and Trading Company's Steamer
Charles D. Lane in a Northwester.
QUICK ANSWER
TO EMERGENCY
CALL OF NAVY
Interest in the Cape Nome mines h;
been quickened by reports of most im
portant strikes made all over the northern
mineral belt during the past winter. Mail
advices dated March IS, received by the
J. S. Kimball Company yesterday, contain
stories of gold mining that seem too ex
travagant to be true and yet, as they
come from the confidential agents of the
company, they are accepted here with lit
tle question.
The most important find reported is that
of a quartz ledge running through Nome
Hill, on the headland known geographi
cally as Cape Nome, which assays $750 to
the ton. J. S. Kiraball and his associates
learned during the \s inter that the hill
was rich and they had a number of
claims staked out there. The re*ult of the
winter's prospecting and assay work, how
ever, comes as a staggering surprise. J.
\V. Blundon^ Kimball's conttdential agent,
writes that Nome Hi:i is practically a
solid mass of rich gold-bearing quartz.
The hill is about 400 feet in height and
extends about one and a half miles into
the sea.
Another strike of almost equal richness
has been made about six miles east of
Port Clarence. The rock there assays
very high. Blundon writes that the foot
hills about twenty miles back from the
beach seem to be full of mineral crop
pings. He predicts that when the summer
opens the placer mines will be deserted
and there will be a stampede for the
mountains.
Because of the prospects made during
the winter excitement ran high at Nome.
The people seemed to be paralyzed by
the enormous richness of the country.
Blundon says only prospect work will be
done during the «omlng year, but he pre
dicts that during the two years following
over $100,000,000 in gold will be taken from
Nome and vicinity.
"The winter at Xome," writes Blundon,
"has been mild and pleasant. I have suf
fered less from cold than I did in Mon
tana or even Benicia one winter. The
thermometer has never been lower than
40 degrees below zero. During. the past
forty days we have had a warm sun shin
ing."
The most Important document received
by Kimball & Co. was the report of S. J.
Marsh, a mining-engineer employed by
them during the winter In assaying
quartz from prospects all along the crop
ping ledges. His examination was mainly
along the coast line and extended to Nor
ton Sound, to Slnrock River and some dis
tance back on the different creeks.
The ledffes examined, he says, varied
from a few feet to 100 feet in width, the
richer generally being the smaller and
In some instances they showed croppings
for a distance "of several thousand feet.
No development work has yet been done
to prove the depth of the ore. but from
the nature of the deposit the engineer
thinks it fair to assume that thtf depth
is considerable. Some silver appears al
loyed with the gold, but generally in small
amounts and not of importance.
Marsh thinks it is difficult to predict
any detailed process by which these ores
can be successfully treated, but says that
the character so far as determined would
indicate a milling ore.
The present winter has . demonstrated
that some of the creeks' run all winter
and the larger streams afford many good
millsites.' With harbor accommodations
for the landing of fuel and a railroad line
along the coast the engineer believes that
a mill can be operated the year round.
The general topography of the country
is such that the construction of roads or
tramways is easy. Jlining timber and fuel
are lacking and would have to be im
ported.
Placers Likely to Be Deserted for the
Richer Ledges— Report of Assays
Made by a Mining
Engineer.
CiPE NOME HILL
RICH WITH VEIN
OF GOLD QUARTZ
Latest Advices From North-
em Diggings Read Like
Romances.
The members of the Wild Goose Min
ing and Trading Company that went
north on the steamer Charles D. Lane
have had a hard time of It lately, accord
ing to stories brought from Seattle by
some of the passengers and crew who left
the vessel en the Sound. The Lane is
now on her way to Nome and from all
accounts the trouble will break out again
as soon as the gold fields are reached.
The Charles D. Lane was formerly the
Irrawaddy and was purchased in the East
by Charles D. Lane for the Nome trade.
On the way here a rivet dropped out of
her bow and the vessel was half full of
water before the 'leak was discovered.
She put Into Montevideo and was over
hauled, after which she reached San
Francisco in due course.
On the arrival of the Irrawaddy in this
port her new owners ordered the ma
chinery and hull put In first-class order.
About $17,000 worth o* work was done on
tne machinery and about $30Ci> expended
on the hull. These bills have not been
paid, but as the Hobart estate is inter
ested with Lane in the Wild Goose Min
ing and Trading Company it will probably
meet the indebtedness. A meeting of the
Hobart heirs was heid yesterday, at
which the matter was discussed and a
settlement partially agreed upon.
\\ hen the Charles D. I.ane got away
ror beattie tne trouble aboard the ship
began. A heavy northwester was blow
ing and when the vessel ran Into it many
of the passengers got scared. There is
not a doubt but what the steamer is per
fectly seaworthy, but the passengers and
some of the crew did not think so. and
in consequence they left the vessel wnen
she reached Seattle. A number of the
passenger? demanded their money back
and got it: others sold their tickets to
men more anxious than they to reach the
gold fields. One-half the waiters in the
steward's department walked ashore and
the second mate quit. J. J. Haviside, the
rigger, was going to Nome to put up land
ing machinery by which the cargo on the
Lane and other Vessels owned by the con
cern could be quickly and expedltlously
landed. Mr. ; Haviside was accompanied
by his wife and daughter and a gang of
riggers. They all left the ship at Seattle
and .ire now on their way back to San
Francisco.
According to those of the passengers
who came home on the tJmatilla every
thing v.as at sixes and sevens on the
Lanei and furthermore, they assert the
vess/l was top-heavy. She took on a
deckload of lumber at Seattle which they
say made her cranky. At Nome again
Mr. Lane is likely to find everything at
sixes and sevens. Many of his claims
have been "jumped."
Wheat Ships Tied Up.
The scarcity of sailors is proving to be
a great hardship to the erain fleet. Ves
sels are compelled to lie in the stream all
the way from ten days to three weeks
awaiting crews. '"Blood money" is again
being paid, but it Is rarely the sailor sees
a cent of it.
After lyir.g in the stream three weeks
the Primrose Hill got away yesterday.
The twenty men he secured from the
hoarding masters cost Captain Wilson
J.V10. while the delay means a loss of over
$>•»} to the owners. The Primrose Hill
left behind her the Kensington, Chilton
ford. Oranasia. Euphrosyne and Emanuel
Accame, all in the stream and ready to
sail. The chances are that some of them
will pay higher wages and do awar with
"blood money." and then they will not
be held so long in the stream.
Water Front Notes.
Harry Lay mall, a lad of 14, who lives
In the Good Samaritan Orphanage on Fol-
Fom and First streets, met with an acci
dent yesterday that will lay him up for
months to come. He works in the feather
and down factory' at 760 Mission street
n.nd was up on a ladder stowing away
pome pillows. He lost hi«= balance and in
falling put out his hands to save him
self. All the weight of his body came on
his wrists and both of them snapped. The
broken bones were set by Dr. von der
Leith at the Harbor Hospital and then
Harry was taken back to the orphanage.
Captain McLellan will take the steamer
North Fork out on her next run to Eu
reka. Captain Bash is on the sick list
and it may be a couple of weeks before
h«- Is able to command the steamer again.
The brig Galilee was unable to land
some of hfr cargo at Tahiti owing to the
plague scare. Flour and potatoes that
would have been spoiled by fumigation,
were brought back, as was also a quan
tity of lumber that could not be got out
of the vessel.
The steamer Moana left Sydney for San
Francisco with the Australian mails last
Wednesday. She will stop at Honolulu,
but will not bring any passengers or
freight from that port here.
Liphthouso Inspector Sebree has Issued
the following: "Applications will be re
ceived at this office until noon on Thurs
day. July .*. for filling the positions of as
sistant engineer on San FYanoiseo light
vessel No. 70. at a salary of $S00 per an
num, and of blacksmith and blacksmith's
helper at Ycrba Buena buoy depot, at $60
and $40 per month, respect ively. Appli
cants must be citizens of the United
States, and for assistant engineers must
be licensed by the steamboat inspection
service."
Troubles of the Wild Goose Mining
•and Trading Company Just,
Begun — Hobart Estate to
Settle Unpaid Bills.
Many Passengers and Mem
bers of Crew Quit the
Charles D. Lane.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
XXV— \nCT0R HUGO AND THE
GOLDEN AGE OP FRENCH
FICTION.
BY ARTHUR G. CANFIELD. A.M.
Iri spite of the -conflicting claims of vari
ous schools and with all due regnrd to the
triumphs of later realism and to the great
and original talents that the present gen
| eraiion of novelists in France can boast.
1 It is safe to--* say. without trying to be
; precise about dates, that the "golden age
of French fiction lies in the half-century
between the first and the last of the nov-
I els of Victor Hugo. When in 1S23 he gave
to the world the youthful and fantastic
"Han dlslande" Alfred de Vigny had not
yet produced those historical novels in
', which the imaginative realization of a
past epoch learned from .V.'alter Scott is
deepened and darkened by a profound and
somber philosophy peculiarly his own
("Cinci-Mars," "Stello"); Stendhal had not
yet pointed the way to that cruel and cyn
; ical observation of conduct and analysis
of motive that was to leave such profound
marks on the art of fiction ("Le Rouge
i et le Xoir," "La Chartreuse de Parme'»;
Merimee had written none of those well
balanced masterpieces of swift narration,
vivid description and characterization
that will long remain models in their kind
("Colomba." "Carmen." "L'Enlevement
de la Redoute"): Dumas. George Sand and
Balzac were still names unknown. When
"Ninety-Three" appeared in l.<74 all of
these were dead but George Sand, and her
last novel had been written: the best work
of Feuillet, Sandeau, Charbulicz and all
that generation was already done; the
main phases of the evolution that the
novel has accomplished m this century
were fully defined. Flaubert had long be
fore started realism on a new develop
ment with "Madame Bovary" (1So7); the
brothers Goncourt had brought it still fur
ther on its wav toward a scientific method
and a dependence on documentary evi
dence ("Renee Mauperin," "Germinie
Lacerteux"); Alphonse Daudet had al
ready given proof of that rare combina
tion of sympathy and sentiment with
penetrating and minute observation and
of that magic gift of style that
lend his novels such a peculiar and indi
vidual charm ("Le Petit Chose. Fromont
Jeune et Risler Aine"); and Emile Zola
had drawn up the final creed of naturalis
tic or experimental novel, and had
with the pale cast of thought." Here are
no qualms of conscience, no mental strus
ples. no torturing Introspection and self
anaJysls, no war between ideal and con
vention, no carkinj; care. These are "his
torical" novels:, but do not expect pain
ful solicitude for the historic fact. The
actcrs do not disappear behind the cos
tume or the scenery, but pursue their
eager, absorbed way equally unconcerned
for time and place. •
George Sand Is the novelist of the heart.
The sprips of what she writes is always
what she has felt. Her first novels ("In
diana." '•Leila") were little else but the
embodiment of her passionate quarrel
with the institution of rr.arriase as It wa3
conventionally understood and practiced
in France. There were protest.* asair^t
convention ard in favor of the free emo
tional life. They lack restraint and wis
dom, being the "work of youth, but they
are sincere. In her revolt against that
standard of moral judgement that under
lay the marriage de convenance. and that
left the voice of the heart altogether out
of ihe question in laying the foundations
of the sanctity of the family, she at first
erected that voice into an infallible ora
cle, nut wider experience tested disas
trously in her own life the worship or
this divinity also, and with her experience
she won a "wiser view. Her hotly unsub
missive heart was allied to an easrer mind
that had the widest ranse of sympathies
and Interests. She saw that society was
afling at more than one point, and she
threw herself ardently into that move
ment ot social theories that so stirred
France between 1<® and 1«4S. Then her
novels became pleas and arguments,
sometimes terribly long-winded. f-->r so
cial reforms »"Le.Meunier d'Ang^.bault >.
But the perfect masterpieces of her art
came when she had left the preaching or
5oe!al theories and had withdrawn from
the turmoil of Paris to the <iui?t of the
old country home at Nohant. There she
produced those idyls of French peasant
life t'-La More au Diable." "La Petite
Fadette." "Francois le Champi." "Lea
Maitres Sonneurs") that have never been
surpassed in their domain, pictures or
plain but strontr. sweet and wholesome
country lives, in which the heart still
plays the commanding role, but not with
the'passiorate and stormy violence of her
younger years. The fiame of passion has
burned down to a pure glow, and a rich
experience of life has brought a ripeand
mc-llow wisdom, which sees that love, to
bring forth its perfect flower, needs to
crow in good moral soil, to have the sup
port of a good and disciplined will and
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaten.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUXE 8, 1900.
7
MOVING MISERY
The Streets Are Full of It
Every Day.
Tell-Talc Mar^s of Liver Troubles In the
paces of A'cnKind Everywhere, and
Yet It Is So Easy to Look,
Good and peel Well.
People we meet— on the street.
What a lot of them look miserable, sal-
low, pimply, despondent, their skins
blotched with Hver spots and black-heads.
It's all in the liver.
Beauty is blood deep. No one can have
the clean, clear $>kin of health where Mood
is impure, and no one can have pure blood
where liver is lazy.
Lively livers hrinff new life, pure blood
bright looks, therefore health and beauty'
Lively livers make lively dispositions
contentment, good nature; therefore, hap-
pines?.
Casearets, Candy Cathartic, make the
livor lively, purify Ihe blood, beautify the
pkin and are guaranteed to cure constipa-
tion and prevent its dire consequence?.
Cascarets are in tablet form; compact
convenient • to . carry; taste good (eat like
candy), never grip nor gripe, cause nat-
ural action of hver and bowels; therefore
the ideal laxative. It's what Cascarets
do. not what we say th«y do. that proves
their merit. Sold by druggists generally,
10c. 25c and U)c. or by. mail for price.
Our booklet. "Lighten the life of Hu-
manity."- nnd sample mailed free for the
asking. Address. Sterling Remedy - Co.,
Chicago; Montreal, Can., or New York.
eThJs is the CASCARET tab-
let. Every tablet of the only
genuine Casearets bears the
magic letters "C C C." Look
at the tablet before you buy,
and , beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Always Use Plait's Chlorides
for household disinfection. You will IllutC*
The /ate of mooting of the league was
changed to the second Wednesday of each
month.
The Continental' Lcaptip held a meeting
W cdnpurlay night at Saratoga Hall and
adopted the' following:
Rtsolv^d. Thtt trade and commerce between
th<» United States ami Its insular possessions
recently acquired. rt=. : F"ortr» Kico. I>ni!lppln«
»r,(! Hawaiian I.«Ian<l<«. shall be subject to re-
strictive tariff and rtuties.
Want a Restrictive Tariff.
AMTJSEMEOTSL j
They Draw Like a Mustard Piaster.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
INCLUDING
MATTHEWS AND BULGER,
MART MARBLE,
WALTER JONES.
MAUDE COURTNET
>ni Thirty Others, ia HOTTS
"A RAG BABY"
MATINEE SATURDAT.
N>rt fanday Nlrht. Splendid Revival of the
r.tr-arJuib'.y Fussy Hoyt Farce. "A TIN SOL-
HER."
LAST 3 NIGHTS »nS MATINEE SATfRDAT.
N. C. MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In Their Gre»te*t Success.
"WHrB WE WERETWENTY-QNE"
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
F r * Lirr.!te<J Number of Pcrfonnance» Only.
ELLAR
Tbt ertftt Kigiciia. Setts itllirg, 2i- ti SL
"Jnsta UitkEh Off the Top" j
SECOND AND J.AST WEEK;
Of the Bcm&Btte Ccrsic Orera,
"SIee GUARDSMEN!" I
E-en:r.:set ?. Matinee Saturday at 5.
REAPPEARANCE NEXT MON- j
2l<ZVlAL- DAY OF EDWIN STEVENS 1
AND ANNA UCHTER, IN -MADELEINE, j
OB THE MAGIC KI£S." VI
'
FCPLLAR PRICES— 2oc and 50c. j
Telephone Bush >. j
j
VArSETILLS AT ITS EI33E8T PERFECTION.
JOE HARTS VAUDEVILLE CO.
and Orpheum Stars.
JOE HART ANT> CARRIE DE MAR
In "A CLOSE CALL."
FLEl'RETTE arifl FRANK GARDINER. MR.
*ad MRS. JIMMIK HARRY: MIPS LIL-
LIAN' IURKHAKT and CO..
Prewntine :TIEH POLH1ER BOT."
AND TTTFltTT G£EAT fiTARS IK TEE BEST
EILL Of THE EEAS05.
Re*»rved peats. lie; balcony. ISc; cpera chairs
end tiox «e*U. Mr.
r.titirj^g f\><2nefday. Eatur.iay and Sunday.
4%$?H EAT R eHT !
"THE HIT O^THE YEAR!"
EVERT NIGHT AT J:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In fc Srertaculsr Pr^iucticn xf
.- , ,,, ¦ i.
FHATS E& DATS IN ADVANCE.
CHUTES AND_ZQO. E :3r£Ssr
ALTA FARLOn. N. P. O. XT., THEATER
PAKTY TO-NIGHT.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW
AND ELABDEH CONTEST ON THE LAKE.
CAKEWALK TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Canunencfrg Saiwlny— FRANK HALL asd
Wallace, tie iitttmtMe lion.
Te'.ohcm* for Eeat>-Partt a.
E"TC;ptrpR'O CONCERT HOUSE.
rlDLnLn O Admission lOc
gi:::at ujip.Anm opera quartet and
BIG. af:kaMOFF. in Acts From
"AIDA" and "MIGNON."
MISS MARTINI. TVIIOLEAN FINGER.
It*«erv*<I Seats. He. Uatlnee tur.lay.
SUTRO BATHS
OPHN NIGHTS.
Oncn daily .':¦--. 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
P*t l - from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADi:iS.SION. JOft. CHILDREN. Sc.
PL'A.lrs. Ssciu5ir,sr adrslsrion. Zjc; children. 20c.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GKEAT KEiTC NATIVE. INV1GOOA- (
tcr acd Nervine. «
Th* cut wonderful apfcrodljlae and Special ,
Tonic for the Sexual Orcaca for both wiei.
Tfce MexJcea Rciaedr for Disease* of the KIJ- '
t*i* &nd IVix&ter. 6r!I» en it« own merits.
NAELR, AI.K.- 3c BRUNE. Agents.
£2 !.'_.'*.« i et.. S. F.— <Sead tor Circular.)
~ 4
WARITEB'S BEMEDIZS.
Another Empty Grave.
Chicago, March 3, 1900.
Warner's Safe Cure Co.,
Gentlemen: — I will hi glad to bear testimony to
the value of Warner's Safe Cure for dropsy. I want
those afflicted as I have been to take this life-giver and
get well as I did.
I suffered agony for three years and my life was
despaired o% wh»n one day my doctor said: "I guess
I will give you Warner's." Thank God for such a
remedy. It brought me health and new life. I have
used it pretty regularly for a year, but I am well to-day,
and had it not been for Warner's Safe Cure I would
have been in my grave.
Respectfully,
MRS. MELISSA WMTCOMB,
4824 Prairie Ave., Chicago.
Chairman Executive Committee,
Illinois Woman's Alliance
(Dropsy la the dread symptom cf advanced Kidney Disease.)
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
And ofMihran's
r\ • Departure
Persian- f«
pi ins TDrkey *
"Will Be E&crifle^d at
AUCTION
To Raise Money Enough for his Collecting Trip
SALE ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE.
; This Day (Friday), Jane 8, at 2 p.m.
. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.,
WILL CONTINUE FEW DAYS ONLY.
All the finest RUGS will be offered at this sale.
THIS IS TOUR OPPORTUNITY.
\ A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
, NO PLATES <^l
/Z®& REQUIRED J^/
I Our reiaovable bridge work is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our S5 OO Plates
. fit liKc aglovo.
/&&A&0?£?&i2& Our method fcr
K««t^ -«2s:'^SSr P = | 0'ess extractina
KS?f ? CT «* tj ZZjr* is Patented end
H r^ryjTtarV?****^ 11^*' used by no other
! XEiJO^ 1^^ derjtlst oo the Pa-
PRICE LIST for J) Days:
: Palnle^g Extraction 2,"; e
j Removable Bridgewcrk s:(.oi»
Crowns ?S.OO to B3.OU
t Pure Gold Fillings Jjtl.on
i Arr.a:?aja 5<| t .
• Gold an<l Platina Sl.OO
j Silver PUUas 6Oe
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Wal?h will attend to the
j children's tfeth — pa!n!essly.
DR. R. L. WALSH.
j £15** GEARY ST., between Hyde and Larkln
! Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Eundavs'
j S to 12. Telephone Polk 1133.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels -<s reco&nisted an3
appreciated by a discriminating- and fas-
tidious clientele vrho regularly ir.ake them
their headquarters when Jn J-aa Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
bavin? street cars to all points of interest
pass the or. trance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
PlpP^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
i IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
I ""Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce cave to
1 the, public the raoet remarkable remedy *ver
i discovered fcr the ruccessful treatment of Her-
1 nla. or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have j
I been permanently relieved and radically CURED
' tr this great appliance and thousands of others
' are now en the road to complete recovery. This '
j Truss H dlCerent from all others. It does ths i
work!
Too can r»t our "BOOKLET No. 1" by cs.ll- I
Ing at the efflce. or It will be sent on receipt of i
s 2-cent starr.;. It tells all about this Truss. I
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
<H£t> Market Street (Opscsite l'alace Hetty,
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
\^ FAVOR8TE
Jl for weak w&mes.
BEYN OLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, Hen the first approach
of the paroxysm they bare reoocrse to this rem-.
edv • then, a tingle dose Is often efficient.
E-VbtXEBA X CO.. SC-3O .V lVIIUain M.. V. Y.
f5r>TTClTJi7Q FOR BARBERS. UAK-
n n I J UlluU em, bootblacks, bath-
•VilUWllMW,, om billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flourmllU. tonndrles, laundries, paper-
hancera, printers, painters, sbo* factories, sta-
Ifclexnen, tar-rocfer». tanners, tailors, etc.
' UUCttAN/U BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento S*
XRAFT.. 1
P THE ONLT HIOH-CLA.S.S
I! PHOTOGRAPHIC JOUR.NAL
I THE MliJUJIPPI 5
1 . |||> I
I JUB JCRIPTION PRICE SI .5O A TEAR. ;
j \IO GUTTER. JTR.EET
j JAN : ; FR ANCI SCO, GAL,Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... : — $1 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — 4 88
Sterling Cables .V...... — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight....... — • 12}4
New York. Exchange, telegraphic— - .15;
Fine Silver, per ounce..; ......'-. — '-- 60
Mexican Dollars 4SV4 49
Wheat- and Other Grains.
• WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both firm
and the latter was higher. •
,Chicaro was higher, and active at th« ad
vance.; with • less : than half : a crop reported In
Ohio, the outlook • there ) being poorer;, than at.
any time since 1866. while Indiana was reported
in equally bad condition and the situation in
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Juae 7.— Absolute stagnation
chcracierized the stock mnriiet to-day. Vy
comparison ¦R-ith yeeterday the tone was firm,
but that was only because the bears some
what over-rxtended their comrsitments on the
nhort side yesterday. It v.-as evident that the
late selling yesterday was based upon the ex
pectation that selling by London this morn
leg would effer an opportunity to get back
etocfc* at a lower level. London d:d. In fact.
tell stocks here on a moderate scale, but the
demand from the shorts. was Kufflcieut to over
came the decline and to mak« some chov.- of
rtrenrth in the market. The bulls attempted
to etimulate the movement by bidding up the
coaler* on vague talk of further comprehen
eive traffic agreement*. Tills mar.oeuvcr
proved Ineffective ami the market relapsed to
about last nlght'a level mad never got far away
from it asaln in either direction. New York
Air Brake was rushed upward '2H points on
talk of absorption by the Westinghouse Com
pany. It saved a 5-polnt net caln. In Sugar
there was a demand from an uneasy ehort
inter^rt -which had been over-extended during
the decline of the last few days, and the stock
sained over a point net. The loaning: rates
on stocks disclosed the existence of quite a
large outstanding short Interest well distributed
through the list. The entire tack of animation
in rpeculatlve spirit, the professional traders
are dletncJlned to further commitments en the
rbort ride. There was no effort to *ell through
cbcimlesioo bouse*, wblcb tu called outside
Chicago Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, June 7.— The dullness of months
was broken - In . the wheat pit and the space
allotted to dealers In that cereal was Jammed
with an excited crowd, which all at once
seemed to recognize that the crop "in the
Northwest was in Imminent danger of failure.
July opened at 68@6SUc, a shade changed from
last night's . close. Then It began climbing;
traders were filled with Items from all. over
the Northwest. Some said the crop was al
ready seriously damaged, .. others that , unless
rain In plenty came the crop would be a rall
ure and on top of all this the weather bureau
prophesied fair and cool weather. . Recently
these reports have been taken with a grain of
salt and the crowd generally contented Itself
with playing safe — an operation which resulted
In i some very stagnant - sessions. To-day the
Northwest made clamorous - bids - and others
in a sort of panic, followed. In two : hours
from the opening July advanced to 70c. Then
profit-taking sent July back to 69%e. : A huge
amount of buying had already been done on
the advance and the dip was the signal f for
more of it. ¦ Under . this pressure from buyers
July rallied and closed \1%©2c; Improved at
63 %CT70c ; Liverpool was ?4© Id higher, r. In
diana, Illinois, , Ohio and _; Michigan sertt In
their usual reports of the bad condition of
the crop, but those Items -were quite 'over-
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. June 7.— FLOUR— Receipts. 11.
870; exports. SS70. More active and firmer,
holders asking 5<§10c advance on all grades;
winter straits, $3 40@3 CO'; Minnesota patent,
$3 60@3 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 121,175: exports. 158,363;
spot, strong; No. 2 red, 80Uc elevator: No.
2 red, 82>4c f. o. b. afloat: spot, nominal; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 77V4c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 79^ic f. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options opened firm and developed
marked activity and strength later In the day
on bullish spring wheat crop news. Local
shorts. Wall street and foreign houses all
bought more cr less freely during the day.
The Northwest also bought early, but later
sold on reported rain at Winnipeg; closed
strong at l',4c advance: July, 73 7-16@74?4c
closed at 74%c; September, 74 ll-16@'76c, closed
at HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Futures closed active, with prices
CJflO points net lower; total sales, 34,750 bags.
Including July, $7 50S7 55: September, $7 35@
7 50; October, $7 40; November; $7 40; Decem
ber, $7 65; January, $7 70; March, $7 65(37 70.
Spot coffee— Itlo. steady; No. 7 Invoice, 8%c;
mild, steady: Cordova, 9Vl<j?13V4c.
SL'GAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 414c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molassea, 3 15-16c; re
fined, strong. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 9939 packages; steady;
creamery extras, 16®19c; factory, 14®16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 11.362 packages; firm; West
ern, ' loss off, 13313%c; Western, at mark,
10® 13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples ruled a little easier under
liberal offerings and In the absence of buyers,
but were not quotably lower. At the close
prices were tending downward at a lower level.
California dried fruits continued dull and
nominally unchanged. •
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4>, ; -<8iic; prime, 5%&6c; choice, 6@6%c: fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3&<J?7c per
pound, as to size and quality;
APRICOTS— Royal. 12$M4c; Moorpark, 15®lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled. 6^ 9c.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Dun's Review will
say on Saturday: Failures in May were not
only the largest ever kn.own In that month
since such records were made, but of eight
months covered by these returns only six
have shown as large liabilities. Contradictory
though it may appear the report is encourag
ing. There was not a single failure In the
month which was calculated to shake or did
shake commercial credits, which were stronger
at the end of May than at the beginning.
Neither were there any failures or nest of
failures calculated to create alarm about any
particular branch of business.
The large brokerage failure for about $13,000,
000 exceeded in amount all failures in any other
month except one since 1898, and with it came
another for $735,000. Nearly 60 per cent of the
total defaulted liabilities was due to five "other
commercial" failures, while the ten large fail
ures in manufacturing and trading covered
less than $3,000,000 liabilities in all.
The number and amount of liabilities of all
commercial failures in May compared with last
year are given below:
May. 1900. £47; 1S99, 6S1. Liabilities, May,
190i). $23,771,151; 18M, $3,820,686.
The returns to Dun's Review for May show
an unusually large number of small failures.
They exceed these of any other year but one,
and this is considered suggestive, also the in
crease of over an eighth in average liabili
ties.
This, the Review Eays, is readily traceable
to the manufactories, for with the surprising
Increase In number the smaller failures In
trading show lower liabilities than In any
other year except two. Manufacturing liabili
ties have much increased, however.- the aver
age for those small firms running close to
$12/100.
It might be Inferred that there has been a
really noteworthy expansion of manufacturing
indebtedness for the season and In January
a similar Increase- appeared, though very llt'
tle In February and March. In April the In
crease was about $1500 per small failure and
in May $3400. It Is not difficult to surmise that
this 1 has connection with the general slackening
of orders for manufactured products, which
has now begun to produce a readjustment of
prices.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
• LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 9 6 874
Closing 5 9^ 5 9H
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 45 22 05
Closing 20 50 22 00
Flour —
Opening 27 55 28 95
Closing 27 60 28 95
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, June 7.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Plums— Red June
(single crate), average $3 60; Clymans, $1 25 to
$1 75, average $1 60. Prunes— Tragedy. $2 50 to
$3 35, average $2 96. Apricots— Royals (single
crates), $1 to $1 25, average $1 04. Peaches-
Alexander (box), $1 10 to $1 CO. average $1 21.
Cherries— Royal Anne (box), 60c to $1 30. aver
age 70c. Two cars sold to-day. Weather favor
able.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Plums — Red
June (single crate). $3 65; Clymans. $1 40 to
$175. Peaches— Alexander (box), 95c to $135:
Briggs May, 95c. Apricots— Royal (single
crate), SOc to $1 10. Cherries— Royal Anne (box),
45c to 65c.
PHILADELPHIA. June 7.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cal
ifornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Apricots-
Royals (single crates), SOc to $1 75. average S6c;
Seedlings, 70c to $1 50, average 79c. Peaches-
Alexander. 95c to $1 40, average $1 09; Brlggs*
Early May, 00c to $1, average 96c. Plums—
Clyttians (single crates), $1 85 to $2 15, average
$1 94. Favorable weather. One car sold to
day.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Apricots —
Royals, 65c to $1 55. average 94c. Plums — Cly
mans (single crates), $1 40 to $2 35, average,
SI 77. Peaches-75c to $1 40, average 99c. Cher
ries—Black Tartarians, 50c to $1 30, average
&5c; Blgarreau. 62c to $1 15, average 91c: Royal
Anne. $1 30 to $2 05, average $1 71. Six cars
sold to-day. Weather dry and favorable.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Cherries— Royal
Anne (box), ' $1 35; Tartarlans, 50c to $1 40;
Blgarreau, 45c to $1 15; Centennial. 40c to $1 40;
other varieties, 30c to 65c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 7.— CATTLE— Receipts 8000.
Steers active and stronger; butchers' stock
steady; natives beet on sale to-day, one carload
at 15 75; goqd to prime steers, $5 10@5 75: poor
to medium, $4 50<§5; selected feeders steady,
$4 <0©5: mixed stockers slow, $3 75*34 35; cows,
$3@4 M: heifers, $3 20®4 80; canners, ?2 3003;
bulls, $3'i/4 30; calves weak, $54j6 85. Texans —
Receipts . Best on sale to-day three car
loads at $4 80; fed steers Btrong, 5c higher, $4 £>0
@5 45; grass steers. $3 75ff4 40; bulls. $3 20.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 2S.OO0; to-morrow 22,000
estimated: left over, 2000. Active and shade
lower; good clearances; top, $5 17%; mixed and
butchers'. $4 95@5 17Ms good to choice heavy,
$5 10<?5 17^; rough heavy, $4 95«?5 05; light,
$1 95(5-5 15; bulk of sales, $5 10<j?5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts 10.000. Sheep and lambs
best steady: others slow, 10015c lower; common
neglected. Good to choice wethers. $4 85@5 35;
fair ta choice mixed, $4 10<S5: Western sheep.
$4 6005 25; yearlings, $5 50i@5 85; native lambs,
$565 50; Western lambs, $6<&6 70; spring lambs,
dull and lower. $5®7 60.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 7.— Trading in the metal
market was rather slow to-day; but. however,
the undertone was generally weak under un
favorable cables and In the absence of buyers.
Tin in the local market contjnues to decline,
showing another drop of 50 points from yester
day's figures, and closed weak and unsettled at
123^29 60. Spelter, though not quotable lower,
ruled easier In tone at $4 40®4 45. Pig Iron war
rants were weak and unsettled, with sellers at
$15. Lake copper was very dull at $16 62H. and
lead unsettled at $3 S5@3 90.
The brokers' price for lead was $3 70 and for
copper $16 50. ,
New York Cotton Market.
NEW ,YORK, June 7.— The feature of to
day's news In the cottcn market was the Chron
icle's acreage estimate, and as the figures given
exceeded expectation a decline in prices natur
ally resulted. The market was finally steady,
6 points higher to 4 points net lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 7.— Clearings. $291,509;
balances. $(7,410.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, June 7. — The Portland wheat
market failed to get excited over the news
elsewhere, but It was still possible to sell No.
1 Walla Walla at 52c, with the usual reports
that from >/4c to lc per bushel more Is being
paid. Valley. 51QC2c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 7.— Consols, 10115-16; silver,
27%d; French rentes. lOlf 22V4c Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 29s; cargoes Walla Walla.
27s 9d; cargoes Oregon, 29s; English country
markets, quiet; imports Into United Kingdom,
wheat, 467.000; Imports into United Kingdom,
Hour, 205,000. " - ; ¦
LIVERPOOL. June 7.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s %d@6s '. Id: -wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm: French coun-
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 29-32d
CLOSING.
.WHEAT— Spot, firm; No.' 1 California, 6s Hd
@6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s O^d. Fu
tures, firm; July. 5s 9^d; September, 5s 9%d.
CORN— Spot steady; American mixed, new.
3s lid. Futures, firm; July, 3s 'Id; September,
3s UVfcd. ' •*..¦•
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@13c; dairy,
13%@17c. Cheese, steady; 8V4@9c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, ll%c.
Steamer Movements.
Charters.
The Bertie Sllaor leads redwood at Eurolca
for Honolulu: MBweema, lumber at New
Shipments of Copper.
Expert* of copper from tie United States
during the first tea month« of the fiscal year
were ;S4.?M tons, valued at $45,397,530. against
114.150 ton* at $^.938,430 for the came time
daring the preceding year.
Produce Exports.
Exports of produce and merchandise from
this pert by »ea during the first five months
of the year were $1S.7S4.7OO, against $12,797,600
durln* the tame time in 1S99, the leading des
tlnati'>n« being as follows: Atlantic ports.
$1.IC2.SM; Great Britain, $4.««9,5OO; China. $1,
72S.430; Japan, $1,746,000; Hawaiian Islands, $5,
100.100. >
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The brig I^urllne cleared* yesterday for Ka
hulul with e. cargo of £er.eral merchandise,
valued at $S3.242, which included the follow
ing: M0S pkgs railway material. 450 prs wheels.
SJOO Tbs oleomargarine. 24.000 It>s bread. — >0 pkgs
rait meat*, 40 cs canned vegetables, 1904 lbs
6tarch. €5 cs canned fish, 20 bbls vinegar. SO
c* pickles. 6S et> oats. 13 pes machinery. &Vi
eks 100 bbls salt. 1M pkgs paper, 73 coils cord
»£•<•. 1345 Eks bran. 115 ctls wheat, 1« pkgs
wire goods. 200 tins matches, 24 pkgs household
goods, fa pkgs lamp goods, 250 Tt-6 butter. 1078
lbs cheese, $500 It>s lard. 200 bbls 250 cs salmon,
US pkgs salt fish. 500 rbs meal. 35 bdls 29 bars
fteel. US bxs dried fruit. 160 cs canned goods,
13 cs ham. S cs bacon. 17 c» shoes. 16 bales
hay. €5 sks N»ans. 23 bfi'.s picks and shovels,
12 bdls demijohns, 154 pkgi pipe. * kegs rivets,
20 kegs Ironware, 10 bxs nails, 202 ctls barley,
41 pkgs hardware. S pkgs rubber goods, 1527
ft hardwood. 205 c« oil. 800 eks flour, 7648 lbs
rolled barley, 60 sks middlings. 3 drums
naphtha, 900 lbs hope. 10 cs «oap. 5 rolls
leather. 1773 Its soda, 25 cs oysters, 10 cs
epice*.
Exports to Mexico.
The Ft»amer Curacao cleared for Guaymas
yesterday with a peneral cargo valued at
J51.1S2. which included the following: CC',979 ft
lumtxr. 470 lbs bread. IS bxB assorted crackers.
10 c« lamp goods, fc6 pkgs fresh fruit. 13 eks
or.lor.s, 50 doz ginger ale, 14S Bks potatoes. 6
f ks nuts, 4 bxs typewriter goods, S5S0 Tbs rice.
Z'.t) fUfks quicksilver, 11 bales hay. 28 gals
155 c« whisky, 66 cs liquors, 306 gal beer. 3 cs
champagne, 19 pkge ironware. Ill kegs nails.
23S pes iron, 24 rkgs assay goods. 2000 lbs
cyanide. 5 cyl * cs acid, 64 pkgs stationery.
12 ton§ coal. 2 tanks 2 cs coal oil. 25 pkgs
ralsir.s, 11 eks spices. 9 pkgs rubber goods,
162 bales bags. 5 rolls hose, 704 lt>8 chloride
lime. 2« FltF bran. 7 pkps agricultural ma-,
terial, 19 bars 6 pkgs Bteel. 29 pkgs tank ma
terial, 40.160 rbe eugar, 51 c« oil. 860 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 26 pkps electrical good.*,
€151 gals wine, 25 cs drugs, 221 pksrs hardware.
142 bxs paste. !£ bdls shovels, »2S pkgs pipe.
E07 bbls flour. S12 Tbs millstuffs. 335 lbs cheese.
15 kegs staple?, 1^2 pkps Ironware. 12 pkgs tea.
Ill cs canned poods, 13 pkgs wagon material,
J72 r.kgs machinery, 7 rs type. 12 bbls tar,
7 pkgs millwork. 100 c« bluestone, 12 cs glass,
C9 bxs dried fruit. 7 cs soap. 2S pkgs house
hold goods. 13 cs paint. 36 pkgs paper, 5 bbls
rosin. 6 colls rope. 1437 tt.s butter. 366 bdls
rbookF. 300 tt>s lard. S eg dry goods, 16 Fks
sago, 10 cs canned fish. 21 cs mineral -water.
3 ce ether. 10 bbls plaster, SS7 Tbs candle wax.
a bar rails. 5 kegs olives. 8 bbls vinegar. 939
"5 soda.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Gaelic, which sailed Tuesday, carried for
Japan: 1 bx Jewelry. 2 cs dry goods. 1 cs
brats pipe, 1 cs typewriter goods. 5 cs ma
chinery. 3 cs hardware, 30 pes pipe; value,
JM60 IS.
For Mtnila— 1 cs dry goods, 2 cs Jewelry. 1
cs revolvers, 1 cs chinaware, 1 cs electric
belts; value, ITS?.
For China— 1 cs brass fittings, valued a.t $725.
Total value. J10.CSL
Wheat Shipment.
Tfce British chip Kensington cleared yester
day for Que*>r.stown with 60.7S9 ctls wheat,
valued at $Z4.7oO, 17.000 ft dunnage valued at
$£00; total value. JZ.4.S50.
Weather Report.
<12?th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 7. 1300—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from nations ia California to-day:
Kureka 25: Los Angeles 84
Independence S2?an Luis Oblspo 74
Mount Taraalpal* 7s Sar. Diego 86
Red BluSff '-? Eacram»Eto 84
KroBno l c2
San Krarrlsco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, CO; moan. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the southern
portion of the Pacific Slope and f&ir over the
northern. I>ense fog le reported along the
California coast from Point Reyes southward.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern j-ortion of the Pacific Slope and risen
<;ver the Missouri Valley.
The temperance has risen over the northern
ertlon oi the country west of th- Rocky
ouatair.s and fallen over the southern. The
'.f-mpenaure is c f n*TaI!y above the normal In
rJl districts.
Conditions are favorable for centrally cloudy
¦weather in California. Friday, with dense leg
alorx the ccast.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
houris eniir-g rr.linlght June S. 1900:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Friday.
«lth ritr.K tog along i2i«r cnart; fresh west
vlnd: cooler In the Interior IVUay.
Southern California— Clcudv Friday, with
dcr.E* {eg alcng the coast; light west wind
Nevada -Fair Friday.
Utah— Fa.;r Friday.
Ar!r.nna — C"nudy Fridav.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy rridsy
m-lth den^e fog In the morair.g cud afternoon'
fresh »e»t wind. G. If. W1LLSON
Local Forecast Official.
liquidation yecterfiay. These facts, taken In
themselves. Indicate declining values for se
curities, but these Incidents had been antici
pated, and, therefore, the movement of prices
was discounted. The Iron stocks were rather
firm on the supposition that the cut in prices
lias brought a step nearer the resumption of
the expected buying demand. Many alarmist
reports were current concerning the North
western wheat crop. The continued heaviness
of foreign stock markets on account of the
complications In Chiua had a sympathetic ef
fect here. The selling of stocks for London
was sufficient to cause a fractional advance In
cable transfers on London. The weekly state
ments of the foreign government banks dis
closed a conservative policy still in force. The
Bank of England returns show only $600,000
in loans repaid to the bank, in spite of the dis
bursement of Government deposits to the
amount of over $S,000,000. and' a prevailing pri
vate rate of discount well below the bank rate.
As the bank is still losing gold for export the
governors refrained from reducing the rate of
discount. The Bank of France has resumed
its policy of both note and loan contraction,
which was interrupted last week and in spite
of & gain in gold of $2,720,000, It has decreased
its note circulation over $25,000,000 and con
tracted Its outstanding loans over $4S,000.0<X».
In Berlin there were forced sales of mining
shares and a reflection of the same policy of
retrenchment. In New York, on the contrary,
money continued In very light demand and in
creased supply.
The bond market was quiet and Irregular.
Total sales, par value. I1.7S0.0O0.
All United States issues declined K per cent
in the hi<i "-'-» •"""¦' »** *¦¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
isold. Stocks— bid.
6.495 Atchison «>%
18.250 Atchison prefd <"*
4,765 Baltimore & Ohio ' 3
Canadian Pacific 93
100 Canada Southern 5U*
410 'Chesapeake & Ohio 25%
1,550 Chic Bur & Quincy 12S^ i
Chic Ind & Louis 21 !
Chic Ind & Louis prefd 614
Chic & East Illinois SS
Chic & Northwestern 163
3.471 Chic Rock Island & Pac 1^4
4"0 C C C & St L 55v»
775 Colorado Southern 6H j
822 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 434
728 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18
Del & Hudson Hl*i
100 Del Lack & Western 173
Denver & Rio Grande 1"4
Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie • «4
270 Erie 1st prefd 35%
200 Great Northern prefd 154
Hocking Coal 14
400 Illinois Central 112 l ,i
142 Iowa Central , IS
Iowa Central prefd 47
Kan City Pitts & Gulf 17
Lake Erie & Western 28
400 Lake Erie & Western prefd 95
Lake Ehore 2124
2,920 Louisville & Nashville 1ST»
1,520 Manhattan L £94
1.852 Metropolitan St Ry 1534
Mexican Central 124
Minn &; St Louis 614
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 9$
4,830 Missouri Pacific M4 !
Mobile & Ohio 39
Missouri Kan & Tex 104
400 Missouri Kan & Tex prefd 33
2.720 New Jersey Central 122U
1.160 New York Central 1304
2,470 Norfolk & Western 34',*
Norfolk & Western prefd 7S [
£,3C0 Northern Pacific 594 1
1.0C0 Northern Pacific prefd 74'j
€30 Ontario & Western 21-
Oregon Ry & Nav 42 |
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 78 |
3.510 Pennsylvania ...iK'i j
600 Reading 17
4,929 Reading 1st prefd 57%
100 Reading 2d prefd 2S4 |
Rio Grande Western 38
Rio Grande Western prefd 89
320 St Louis & San Fran 8*i
Et Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 684 1
500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34
St Louis & Southwestern 104
510 St Louis & Southwestern prefd 2fc*i
11.8S5 St Paul 115% j
St Paul prefd 174V* t
St Paul & Omaha 118
3,410 Southern Pacific 334
250 Southern Railway 121
1.200 Southern Railway prefd MX.
SCO Texas & Pacific 164 I
9,742 Union Pacific 54>4
1,6*1 Union Pacific prefd 75V*
Wabash 1%
1.2S0 Wabafh prefd 20
ZfO Wheeling & Lake Erie 84 i
200 Wheeling ArLake Erie 2d prefd 25 ;
Wisconsin Central 144 ,
Express Companies —
Adams 115 ;
American 150 i
United States 45
• WWls-Fargo 117
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil : 34U
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 34
I 2O0 American Malting prefd 21
710 American Smelting & Refng 27"-i
400 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 90^4
American Spirits 2'i
j American Spirits prefd 17
! 400 American Steel Hoop 204
j 13'J -American Steel Hoop prefd 70
i 4,231 American Steel & Wire 344
i l.ir.f* American Steel & Wire prefd 74H
I 225 American Tin Plate 214
100 American Tin Plate prefd 724
6,570 American Tobacco SIVi
American Tobacco prefd 129
1.925 Anaconda Mining Co 404
1O.4P5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69
1,300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 344
i 830 Continental Tobacco 2«H
! 710 Continental Tobacco prefd 80<ft
4,l?0 Federal Steel 3.14
370 Federal Steel prefd 664
200 General Electric 1.13
I Glucose Sugar 484
Glucoes Sugar rrefd 97
M>3 International Paper 214
200 International Paper prefd 654
300 leaded? Gas 73
National Biycult 2i>%
National Biscuit prefd 80
! 290 National I>-ail 184
National I^-ad prsfd S34
1 4)0 National Steel 214
232 National Steel prefd S6
1,375 New York Air Brake 1424
200 North American 14*i
Pacific Coast 454
I Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
1M Pacific Coast 2d prefd 094
300 Pacific Mall 274
3.&-0 Pot.p!e'a Gas 99%
2C0 Prefsed Steel Car 454
Pr<?si«<Hl Steel Car prefd 75
2)0 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
200 Standard Rope & Twine G
16.4*0 Sugar , 115%
f-usar rr<*fd 113
2.760 Tennessee Coal & Iron 71 l i
1,181 United States Leather. 10%
120 Unite! State* Leather rrefd 69
250 United States Rubber 25'A
United States Rubber prefd S5
464 WeFtern Union 79-%
1,700 Republic Irpn & Steel 12* 4
2£0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd J64
P C C & St Louis E«
245 Third Avenue ..' m
135.100 Shares cold.
CLOSING BOND3.
U S 2s regf wben L & N unl 4s 100
Issued 103'i M K & T 2ds 68
Do 2s reg coup... 103% NYC lsts 1114
I V S 2s re* 100 IN J C Ren 5s.. 122
Do 2» reg 103 N Pacific 3« e~%
Do 2s coup 109 Do 4s 1O4»;
Do new 4s reg.. .13114 X Y C ft St L 4s.lOCi 4
Do new 4s coup..l34>4 N & W con 4s 974
Do old 4s ret 114>i Or Nav lsts ill
Do old 4s coup...H5Vk Do 4s 102
' Do 5s re* 11H4 Or Short Line 6s. .123
Do is coup 113U Do con 5s UJ
Dl« of Col 3.C5S...113 |Readlnir gen 4s.... SSH
Atchison Ken 4s. ...101 R G W lsts 93^4
Do adj 4s.. ...... .104 IPt L & I M con 5s. 110%
Canada So 2ds 106»i Rt L & 8 F* gen 6s. M4
Ches & Ohio 4V4s.. S9*.'b St Paul cons 171
Do 5s 117 St P C & P lHts...l20
Cht & N con 7s....l41'i Do £s 121
Do S F deb Is. ..119 S Pacific 4s 80%
Chicago term 4s... 95 S Railway 5s 1114
Colorado So 4s 864 ! Ptand R & T 6s.... 71
D & R G lsts 101 -iTex & Pac lsts 1134
Do 4s '99H Do 2ds 55
E T V & G l»ts..;lO3*4ilI Pacific 4s 106%
Erie gen 4s 72% Wa bash lsts 115
F W &.D C lsts.. 71 Do 2ds : ..102
Gen Electric 5s....lJi> (West Shore 4s 114
Iowa Cent lsts. ... 112 ¦ tWis Cent lsts....:. 91%
KC P & G lets.... 71%! Va centuries 92
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in ths order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column sives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
¦when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low ¦arat»r«.
Cash quotations were as -follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 6149S6C; No. 2 red,
714672c ; No. 2 corn, 3S^@3S3ic; No. 2 yellow,
38«i@39c; No. 2 oats, 224fiZ34e: No. 2 white,
254(g23%c; No 3 white, 244®25»ic; No. 2 rye,
S54c: good feeding barley. 37c: fair to choice
malting, 394@42c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 80; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 80; mess pork, per barrel,
$10 65@U 85; lard, per 100 pounds, S6 75@6 924:
short ribs sides (loose), $6 65@6 90; dry salted
Bhoulders (boxed). 64g6?4c; short clear aides
(boxed), $7 20®7 30; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade, $7 75.
. FRIDAY. JUNE 3.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:3t)
Moon sets 1:29 a. tn.
Silver and financial quotations as before.
Wheat scans to be pointing upward again.
Barley steadier. Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay dull, Beans nominal and Feedstuff s firm.
Onions continue to decline. Potatoes about the same.
Butter quiet at the advance. Eggs and Cheese steady.
Poultry market well supplied and dull.
Nothing new in Fresh Fruits.
Provisions still being ait by the local trade.
Local stocks and bonds in light demand.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar i; Ontario T 60
Crown Point 07jOphW 74
Con Cal & Va 1 43l Plymouth 12
Deadwood 50 i Quicksilver 1 SO
Gould & Curryt... 12', Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcrots.. 25 1 Sierra Nevada 27
Homeptake 50 00 i Standard I 33
Iron Silver fiOlUnionCon IS
Mexican 22| Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AXD BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Pacific 54
Call loans 24(&3!\Vest End 924
Time loans 24$j3' Bonds-
Stocks— iAtchlson 4s 100
Atch T & St Fe... 25>,i'N E Gas & C os... 66
Do prefd 7241 Mining Shares-
American Sugar. -.115% 'Adventure 3%
Do prefd 115 Allouez Mln Co.... 1
Bell Telephone 300 Amalg Copper 87%
Bofton & Albany. .242 Atlantic 22
Boston Elevated... 139 Boston & Mont... 29!)
Boston & Maine.. .191 Butte Sz. Boston 63
Ch» JB & Q 12S4 Calumet & Hecla..71O
Dominion Coal 42 Centennial 164
Do prefd 117 Franklin 124
Federal Steel 334 Humboldt DO
Do prefd 66 Osceola 60
Fltchburg prefd. ...134 Parrot 40
Gen Electric 1334 Quincy 133
Mexican Central... 12H St Fe Copper 44
N E Gas &. Coke.. 16 jTamarack 183
Old Colony 206 .Utah Mining 25
Old Dominion 18 Wlnona 2M
Rubber 25 '
A r ezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Money on call, easy at
1%@2 per cent; last loan, 1%. Prime mercantile
paper. 34@4 per cent. Sterling exchange, firm
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 874
for demand and at $4 844 for sixty days. Post
ed rates, $4 854 and $4 SS4. Commercial bills,
14 S34@* S3%. Silver certificates, 60ig61c. Bar
silver, 60c. Mexican dollars, 474c. Government
bonds, weak; State bonds, strong; railroad
bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $U.0.O0O.C0O gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $H3.436,S14; gold, $72,235,337.
London Market.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. June 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Fear of the Chinese situation continued to-day
to dominate the markets here. Business waa
insignificant and prices were weak all around.
American stocks were dull and apatehtic, re
crivlng no support from New York.
Coppers continued to decline.
Money was easier and In the last hour un-
Undable. Very little was doing all day be
f-au^e everybody was waiting for the eft>ct
of the war loan payments due to-morrow. The
bank sold 15000 gold for export to a destina
tion not stated.
LONDON. June ".— Atchison, K4: Canadian
Pacific. 954; Union Pacific preferred. 76;
Northern Pacific preferred. 77Vi; Grand Trunk,
7; Anaconda, SVi; Rands, 40H.
Bar silver, steady at 27%d per ounce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlcial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tfce high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chant.«' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
June 7, 10CO.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at "exactly noon to-day —
1. «.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock, p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
looked In the rush from Northwestern points.
The rumor that war had broken out between
Russia and Japan was of some help near the
close.
Corn was neglected ' for wheat. When the
advance in the latter began the corn pit be
came almost deserted. The market ¦was in
clined to be heavy on the favorable crop
news and freer country offerings, but the ex
ceptional wheat strength held the market up.
July closed 4c Improved at 384c.
Oats were held steady by the strength of
wheat. July closed %@Vie better at 21«ic.
The provision market was rather quiet, but
firm early, but became ' active and strong
toward the end, closing sharply higher. The
wheat strength and Increased outside buying
were the, factors. July pork closed 324c over
yesterday at $1180; July lard 15c improved at
16 924 and July ribs 12*ic better at $6 S2Vt@
6 85.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
the Dakotas was said to be precarious. On
this showing statisticians have materially re
duced their estimates of the volume of the
winter Wheat crop. In the face of all this
bull news, however, holders sold freely, even
though the weather continued unfavorable.
There was considerable realizing above 63Hc.
Operators look for a fluctuating market with
an upward tendency from now on. Corn was
neslected.
The local market continued to advance, with
increased activity on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 924@93%c: milling,
95@97^4c. ¦ * • • •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—26,
000 ctls. $1 02%; 16.000, $1 02%.
Second Spsslon— December— 4000 ctls. $1 02^;
12.000, « 024.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$1 or.
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 02%.
; BARLEY— Futures continue to slowly recover
the lost ground and the spot market also shows
firmer symptoms, though there is no actual
advance.
Feed, 674@70c for No. 1 and 62'4©63c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 73!ffS0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls. 69%c: 2000/ 69%c.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls $102%;
12,000. $t 024.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sa!e3.
OATS— The market is steady enough, but
quiet.
White. $1 10#l SO; Red,- J1©1 20; Gray. $1 074
®1 15: Ulack, si-Sl 07V> per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 10®l 15 per
ctl: Eastern White, 974SS1 03 per ctl; Mixed,
$1 10. ; -
RYE— S24c per ctl for new and 95©974c for
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 C0-g3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. {3 40Q3 SO; Oregon
end Washington. $2 23®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 DO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50:
Oat Groats, $t 50; Hominy. *3 25<S?3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 23;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled
OatB (barrels), $6<57 23; In sacks, $5 7507; Pearl
Barley, S5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. . .
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions.
The markets are featureless.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $15@16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, I26@27; jobbing.
$27 50@2S: Cocoanut Cake, $20(521: Corn Meal.
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50: Mixed Feed, $13 50.
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 for common to good. $9 50
@10 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Oat.
$6@8; Barley. $5®7; Alfalfa, $5@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4@6; Wheat. $6@7;
Clover. ?4 60@6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley, ?4@3 per
ton.
STRAW— 25@374c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Everything under this head Is dull and un
changed. • .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 S5@3: small White. $3 259
3 40; large White, $2 75@2 90; Pink, $2 50®2 90;
Red, $2 50® 3; Blackeye, $3 50@4; Butters,
nominal: Lima. $5 30(ga 40; Pea. $3 40(83 50; Red
Kidneys, $4©4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c: Flax, »1 90CJ2 20; Canary, 3^c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 24$3c; Hemp, 4@44c;
Timothy. 4044c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. |1 90®2 25; Green. $1 90
(g 2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions continue to weaken and Silversklns
are coming in. Potatoes and Vegetables stand
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks. 90c@$l; New
Potatoes, 40®S5c In sacks and 40c@$l In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 50-@65c: Sllverskins. S0c9
$1 per ctl: Australian, tZ'n « to per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, lfl@224c per doz;
Rhubarb. 35c<5$l 25 per box; Asparagus, 50cff
$1 per box for No. 2 and $1 23® 1 50 for No. 1
and $1 75t$2 25 for fancy large; Green Peas,
75c@$l per sack; String Beans, 3@3c; Cabbage,
40@50c; Tomatoes. BOcigll; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 4g6c: Dried Okra, 324c per lb; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 6®Sc; Dried Peppers.
8@10c; Carrots, 25@-»c per sack; Summer
Squash, 50@60c per box for Vaeavllle and $1®
1 60 for Alameda; Cucumbers, $1 50 for Alameda
and 60<g75c per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic,
3i34c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The market is kert weak by stocks of unsold
Eastern and free receipts of domestic stock.
The demand is slack, as usual at this time of
the year.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$101 23: Goslings, $1@1 25: Ducks, tttfli iO for
old' and $1 50<35 for young; Hens, tifli 50: Young
Roosters. $5®5 50; Old Roosters. $3 5Oij'4: Fryers.
$3 50<S4; Broilers. $3!33 50 for large and $2'g2 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 50(gl 75 per dozen for old
and $1 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is rather quieter, owing to the free
receipts from the north, but quotation? are
unchanged. Eggs are setady at the recent ad
vance.,
uulTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lS4<51!'c; sec
onds, l"4«*lSc.
Dairy— Fancy, 17-i; good to choice, 13®164c;
common. J4c.
CHEESE— New. 74 l 5S4c: Young America, 9@
94c: Eastern. 16@l'.c; Western. 104116c per lb.
EGGS — Ouoted «t 134fil3c for store nnd 16®
174c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 154c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
There was not much feature to the market
yesterday. Berries were weak and Plums de
clined under free stocks and a light demand.
Apricots were steady and good Peaches held
up well. Small fruit In baskets was hard to
dispose of.
DECIDUOUS FRtTTS—
APRICOTS— 40360c per box for Royals; In
baskets, S0®40c.
APPLES— Green Apples. 35#50c per box and
20®30c per basket and 4fc§75c for Red Astra
chans. large boxes.
PEARS— Madeline. In small boxes, 20@35c per
box: in baskets, 10@23c.
PLUMS— 35@G0c per box and crate; Cherry
Plums, 25@S5c for drawers and 40@50c for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 CO per chest for large
and $5®8 for email berries.
GOOSEBERRIES--3W34C per Jb for common
an d _ per lb for English. .
RASPBERRIES— $3S6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3 50®5 per chest; from
Fresno. . and fiorn Newcastle, oOJiCOc per
LOGAN BERRIE?— ?4@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $3®5 per chest.
" FIGS— None In. . "
PEACHES— 33c®$l per box and 73c@Sl per
basket.-
CHERRIES— 30(5 50c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 40@50c. In bulk, 2@4c for black and
4@54c for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— >avel Oranges. $150(32 50
per box: Seedlings. $U ; 1 "3; Valencia*. $3^3 50;
Lemons, $1<61 SO for. common and $2S2 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. H'aj; Ba
nanas, $1 50@3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 IO@»
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Primes. In sacks. 4g4%c
for 40-50' s, 34@3%c ftr 50-60' s, 3H@34c lor
60-70's. 3@3Hc for 70-Sl's. 2%®3c for 80-SO's
and 2%@2%c for 90-100". i; Apricots. 9@10c for
Royals and 10011c for Moorparks;- Peaches.
44<g-4&ic for Standards, Be for choice and 3HJJ
6c for fancy; Peeled Perches. 10® 124c; Evapo
rated Apples, 54©*c; s-m-drled, 3@4c per lb;
Pears, 34©4'4c for danc and 7@Sc for bright
halves; Black Figs. l»i<62c; White Figs. 2@.5c:
Bleached Plums, 74c; Unbleached Plums, tic
for pitted and 14c for unpitted.
. RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. Sic; staidard, 8c; prime. 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 84c; cholcs, 74c; standard, 64c;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, Cc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown, e^ic; 4-crown, <c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3- crown, $1 6a Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 10; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S®9c ftr Standards and 93
10c for eoftshells; Almcnds, 114@12c for paper
shell 9@ 10c for soft and 4@5c for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5%@6%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Erazil Nuts. 74@8c; Filberts, 123J121AC'
Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb. .124©13c for bright and 11@
12c for light amber; water white extracted
74@7%c: light amber extracted, 7@7Hc; dark,
6C BEES\VAX-24@26c per lb. '
Provisions,
The. market continues dull and weak, with
constant cutting going on among local dealers.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@104c per lb for
heavy. 10U®104c for light medium, "ll»ic for
light, 124c for extra light and 144c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@l34c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family.
$14;. extra Prime Pork, $15: extra clear, $19;
Mess, $16 50: ' Smoked Beef, 124@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per. lb tor com
pound and 84c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. 9\4c; 5-lb tins, 9Hc. '
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%@S%c per lb; half
barrels. 8%Q8%c; 10-lb tins. 914c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
; HIDES . AND SKINS-Culln and brands sell
about '¦¦'¦ le "-under, quotations.'. , Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
THURSDAY. June 7.
Stmr Crescent City, StockSeth. 33 hours
from Crescent City.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeier. 18 day* 1$ hour*
from Panama, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 hours from Mon
terey.
CLEARED.
THURSDAT. Ju=e 7.
Stmr Curacao. Von Helms, Guaymaa, etc
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nicholson, San Pedro.
Br stmr Manauense. Barneson. Vancouver.
Br shiD Borland. Queenstown.
Brig Lurline, Turloff. Kahulul.
Brig Geneva. Aa3, Nome.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Henderson. Xome.
Wh schr Sophia Sutherland, Murray.
SAILED.
THURSDAY. Juae T.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Portland, etc.
Stmr Curacao, Von Helms, Guaymas, etc.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, Roekport.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, Coos Bay.
Tug Rescue. Ventura, with barge Santa
Paula in tow.
Br ship Primrose Hill.. Wildon. Queenstown.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 7. 10 p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind SW. velocity 12 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCINO— Sailed June 7— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
SOUTH ALBION— Sailed June 7— Stmr South
Coa^t. for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed June 6— Schr
Reliance, for San Francisco.
LUDLOW— Sailed June 6— Bktn Klikltat. for
Honolulu.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed June 6— Stmr W H
Kruser. for Eureka and San Pedro; schr En
terprise, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Sailed June 7— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 6— U S stmr Egbert,
hence May 31. Sailed June 6— U S stmr Law
ton, for St. Michaels; stmr Dirigo. for Skag
war.
Arrived June 7— Strar Ruth, from Skagway.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 6— «5chr
John F Miller, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 5— Schr James A
Garfield, hence May 26. Arrived June 6 — Schr
Rowe. her.ce May 24; schr Gotama. hence May
26.
PORT LUDI-OW— Arrived June 7— Schr Ba!n
brldre. from .
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed June 7— Stmr
Navarro. for Port Los Angeles.
ASTORIA-Sailed June 7-Stmr State of Cal
ifornia, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed June 7— Schr Sparrow, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA- -Arrived Juae 3— Ger stmr AI
benga. from Baltimore and New York.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived June 7— Bark
Rufus E Wood, from Honolulu, to lead for St.
Michaels.
HAKODATE— Sailed June 7-Schr Muriel,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jue 7— Ger ship
Schwarzenbek. hence February IS.
Arrived June 6 — Stmr Ultonta. from Boston.
Arrived Jun»» 7— Stmr Germanic, from New
York via Queenstown. Sailed June >'— Stmr
Cambrian, for Montreal; atmr New England,
for Boston.
SHIELD:?— Sailed June 6— Er ship Sllberhorn.
for San Francisco.
SHIMOSEKI— Arrived June 3— Ger stmr
Miles, from Seattle.
Arrived June 3— Stmr Xulos, from Seattle for
Vladlvostock.
Sailed June 6— Dr stmr Monmouthshire, for
Orison.
MAZATLAN— Arrived June 1— Schr Czar,
hence May W. and not at Altata.
SYDNEY— Sailed June 6— Br stmr Moana. f^r
San Franci?co.
DOVER— Passed June 6— Ger stmr Voluxnnla.
hence February M for Hamburg.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed June 6—Br ship
Noemi. hence February 3 for Hull.
IPSWICH— Arrived June 6— Ger ship Marie
HaekfWd. hence January 11.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Jue 7— Ship
Charmer, from Honolulu, to load for Si Mich
ael.
HILO— Arrived May 22— Bktn S G WIMrr,
hance May 4. Sailed May 25— Haw bark San
tlas*. for San Francisco.
HANA— Sailed May 23— Schr Eva for San
; Francisco.
KIHKI— Sailed May 27— Bktn Mary Wlnke!
man. for Townsend.
i NEWCASTLE. Aus.— Sailed June 7-Schr W
I H Talbot for Honolu.
ALTATA— Arrived June 1— Schr Czar, hence
LA PAZ— Arrived May 31-Schr Lena Sto
sey. hence May 13. •
YOHOHAMA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Hongkong for Portland. Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 7— Stmr Khint*
land, from Liverpool for PhilaUeJnhia: stmr
Teutonic, from Liverpool for New York.
NEW TORK-Sallect June 7-Stmf La "J L "
tagne, for Havre; stmr Kaiser Fn>.!-ricn ror
Hamburg via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr
Bovlc. for Liverpool: stmr Barbarossa. lor
Bremen via Southampton. -
MADEIRA— Passed June 3— Stmr £f m(> - frcm
Rotterdam, via Liverpool, for San Frant-isco.
¦¦ BREMEN— Arrived June 7-Stmr Rnein. irom
Baltimore. ,
HOSTS KONG— Arrived June 5-r.r stmr Bel
gian King, from San Diego. Arrtved June 6—
Stmr Goodwin, from Tacoma.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 7-Haw stmr Aztec
for Port Lou Angeles. .'»'¦' »»ii' .„.
r.OTTEUDAM— Arrived Ju:r* T Stlnr a Am j
Bterdam, from New York via Boulogne, failed
June 7— Stmr Rotterdam, for New York v^a
[ Boulori»*. -
' . LIZARD-Paued Jue 7-Stmr La Touralne,
Lfrora New York for Havre. ¦ _.
¦ BREMERHAVEN— Arrived June 7— Stmr
p?aale>. from New York via Cherbours and
I Southampton.
ARRIVED.
9c; Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, sound. 18c; culls and brands. 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc: Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 20<ff30c each; short Wool, 35660c
each; medium, "O^OCc; long Wool, $l'gl 50 each:
Horse Hides. t2@2 60 for large and 75c@$l 50
for small: Colts. 25@50c. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins. 3Tw^i40c; fall i or medium skins.
324'B35c; winter or thin sktns. 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and .smooth, 60c;
medium. 3oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44c per lb; Xo. 2.
4c; refined. 6c: grease, 24@3c. * ¦
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 134(6b1"c; Northern defective. 13
tfloc: Middle County, free, I51il7c; Middle
County, defective, 13{?15c: Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12if?13c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months", 10012c: Husnboldt and Mendo
cino. 20@Mc; Nevada. Uifil'c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at^«gllc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6',i®6',4c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, S69c; email. S@f)4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 64®7c; ewes. 6364c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. S!i@Sc; yearlings. *4»Sc per
PORK— Live Hogs. 5»iS6c for small. 5»i®3Tic
for medium and 5"-.@o*fec for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5».S54c; dressed Hogs. 7®84c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%e; Wool Bags. 2S4^324c;
Fleeced Twine, 74c
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton: new Welling
ton. $S; Southfield Wellington. $8: Seattle. $6;
Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. »3: Wallsend. $S; Co
operative Wallsend, J3; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $11: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $1S In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $3 43 per 2CC0 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bass: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.70c; Powdered,
5.30c; Candy Granulated, 5.30c: Dry Granulated,
6.20c; Confectioners' A, 5.20c; ilagnolla A. J.SOc:
Extra C. 4.70c; Golden C. 4.60c; barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bass*. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.95c; boxes. 6.20c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 7.
Flour, qr sks.... 18.333! Sugar, bbls 333
Wheat, ctls 93.1SD'Llme, bbls 1S2
Barley, ctls 2.8351 Hay, tons 362
Oats, ctls 640! Woo!, bags 112
Rye, ctls 620 Quicksilver, flsks 2
Butter, ctls 705lChlcory, bbls 30
Cheese, ctls 306 Brandy, gals 700
Tallow, ctls 231 : Wine, gals 47,130
Potatoes, sks 893 Leather, rolls .. 141
Onions, sks 790Hides, No 439
Bran, sks 1,450 Pelts, bdls 160
Middlings, sks... 300 Eggs, doz 24,450
Sugar, sks 2.000'
OREGOX.
Oats, ctls 8401
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.542- Wool, bales 102
Oats, ctls 280 ',
THE STOCK MARKET:
#- *
There was some activity In Giant Powder
at $S7 7SS8S 50 on tne morning session of the
Bond Exchange, but aside from this there
were no noteworthy changes. Trading was
rather more active than of late.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
Gould & Curry has levied an assessment of
15 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June 7-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I BM.As-k.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 2»4 2*i
4s quar coup..ll5i4116 Mum*! K< (Jo. «<i/. n
4» .lo resr 11414115 O G L & H «U 47%
4s do cp new. .133^ — Pac L Co 40^4 45
3s do coupon.. — 100'^Pae Gas Imp.. — 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E..,.. 4«»4 47
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. 4^ *\
C C Water 5S.103V4 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s.. 123^ — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 116 — Firem's Fund.223 —
Geary-st R as. — 99 Bank Stocks—
II C & S 5%s.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. K t7
do 5s 105 — Bank nf Cal...410 —
L A Ry 5s 1<M»41O5U Cal S D A T.105 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — First Nation!. — 29©
Do gntd 6s... — — Lon P & A....I32H —
Do gntd E9...IOO — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 53.102*4 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s...l2S — Savings Banks —
Do 1st M Ss.llSVi — Ger S & L....1S90 —
N C N G R 7a. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N H nf Cal 6s.lV>U — Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
Do 5s 117%— S F Sav U....505 —
N P C R R 63.101',*10:Vi Sav & L So.... 74 73
Do Ss — 103 Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co — —
Onk r. L&HSs.iH — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 6s..llS*4 — California 1224 —
Oak \V Co os.. — — Geary-nt 50 —
Oceanic S 6s.. — 1074 Market-st Ry. 62Ti —
Om C Ry 6s. 123 — OS L& H... — 45
P & Cl Rv 68.1044— Presidio 15 —
P & O R R 68.115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ....160 17fl
Sac L ! & G R5s — — Giant Con Co.. SS«i SS*i
! S F & SJV os.119'4 — .. Vlgorit 2T» 3
S Ry of Cal 6s.lllH — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s... 114 lUUlHana S P Co.. 7% 7%
Do (1503) 110 1103* Haw C & S Co — 91
Pu iiw limiM Honokaa S Co. 33 333,
Do (1012) 119«4 — Hutch S P Co. 25Vi —
S P lir tis 130 — Kllauea S Co. 20H 2**i
S V Water 6s. .115 — iMakaweli S Co 47^, 47*i
Do 4s 103*4 — lOnomea S Co.. 27** 2S
Do 3d mortg.101 1014 Paauhau S Co. 31% 32
Stocktn Gas 6s 93 — I Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— I A! Pack Assn. — 11S4
Contra Costa.. 72 72%|Cal Fruit Asn. 97 —
Mann County. Srt ' — Mer Ex A«.«n.. — 100
Spring Valley. 95 S3& Oceanic S Co.. 92% —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.U'J —
Cent L &IP.... 34— Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
145 Contra Costa Water 72 23
60 Equitable Gas 2 75
73 Giant Powder Con S7 75
15 Giant Powder Con S7 874
5 Giant Powder Con. b 3 SS CO
55 Giant Powder Con 88 25
25 Giant Powder Con SS 50
25 Giant Powder Con, s 90 SS 25
30 Market Street Railway 63 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 3s 117 75
J1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s. cash US 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 50
'9 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 824 '
BO S F Gas & Electric Co 46 75 I
20 Spring Valley Water 35 00
Street—
$20CO Northern Ry of Cal 5s 117 30
40 Pacific Gas Imp 43 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 72 23
CO Giant Powder Con SS 50
73 Honokaa S Co 33 124
10 Hutchinson S P Co 25 73
10 Oceanic S S Co 93 CO
50 Onomoa Sugar Co 2S CO
25 Paauhau S P Co 31 7i
3(> S F Gas & Electric Co 46 73
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 46 73
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 874 !
Street—
50 Contra Costa Water 72 23
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 National O & D Co 6 124
- CO National O &. D Co 6 23
15 San Joaquin 290
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ICO Home Oil 4 73
SO Home Oil v 4 80
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
4C0 Belcher 22| 400 Mexican .. 22
1200 Best &. Belcher. 26 100 Ophlr 72
100 Challenge ..... 151 400 Ophlr 7;
S00 Chollar ¦.... 211, 300 Overman 17
200 Con Cal & Va.l 50 1 200 Savage 14
400 Gould & Curry. 13, 4CO Sierra Nevada. 30
2C0 Hale & Norc.. 27i COO Union Con .... 20
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Challenge 14 S00 Ophlr ji
1000 Con Ca! & Va.l 50 200 Savage ... " 1-.
100 Gould & Curry- 13 2GO Silver Hill ". 4*
300 Justice OS 10O Union Con .'." a
200 Mexican 211
Following were, the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
12C0 Best & Belcher. 26 1100 Sierra Nevada 3ft
500 Chollar 12 250 Silver Hill * 40
7C0 Con Cal & Va.l 47 100 Standard ..'.'.'.'* 60
3C0 Mexican 22 ">C0 Union Con ' ' *>o
12fiO Ophlr 71 500 Utah .. v»
10CO Potosl 20 "•"••<¦.**
Afternoon Session.
SCO Con Cal & Va.l 47 1 700 Ophlr -1
500 Gould & Curry. 12 SCO Overman " 17
200 Hale & Norc. 26 300 Savage is
200 Occidental 13| 6 *°
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Eid A«v
Alpha 04 05 Justice OS *j
AUa ..: 03 OolKentucfc — oi
Andes C6 07|Lady Wash ... 02 03
Belcher 20 ¦ 22 Mexican 21 25
Best & Belcher. 28 27 Occidental 13 15
Bullion 02 OijOphlr 71 ¦£»
Caledonia 1 05 1 10:Ov«rman 17 i5
Chollar 21 22 PotosJ 20 21
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savage 15 15
Confidence 63 €6. Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 oO'Seg Belcher ....— 03
Con Imperial .. — Cl 1 Sierra Nevada. 30 31
Con New York. 01 «3 Silver Hill 42 42
Eureka Con ... — 50 St Louis — 1-
Crown Point.... OS 10 Standard ..... — 4 60
Exchequer..... 01 02 Syndicate — i<>
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Union Con .... 21 23
Hale &. Norc. 27 2S Utah 13 14
Ju »a — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
TDun's T^eview on Failures.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun. Moon and Tide.
ARTICLED.
(Receipts.! Shtpm f ts.
Flour, barrels v ... 12.000
Wheat, bushels 33.000
Corn, bushels 209.000
Oats, bushels 2J1.0CO
Rye. bushels 1.000
Barley, bushels 25,000
12.000
33.0C0
444.0C0
292. COO
o
I 11
lme
Time | 111
lmei
s
t
53
Ft. Ft. —
11 W L.
. W
R
HWl
Ft.
_!_
i ...
> ...
.9 ...
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ..
2:53
J:33
4:12-
4:5l|.
K-321
6:15!
1.1 SJB 2.5
0.8 »:S3 3.7
0.1 10:42 4.0 :
-0.3; 11:23 4.2 i
1—0.61 12:14 4.5 •
I— fl.Sl 12:531 4.7 I
1—0.81 1:37! 4.S I
1:14
1:53
2:46
3:321
4:21|
E:ll!
S:03<
2.7
2.9
3.0
i S.I
| 3.2!
3.3!
3 .21
7:57J
8:23
9:031
9:3.-
! 10: IS!
: 11 :M
I 11:531
3.4
&.<
5.;
5.9
5.7
TO
ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From.
Due.
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena Mer.docino
Slat* of Cal Portland
Empire ICoos Bay
San, JIateo |Nanaimo. ...............
Coos Bay Newport
Matuawan .... Tacoma
Willamette .... Seattle ....
Pomona |HurnboIdt
City ot Puebla.j Victoria A Puget Soun
Coqullle River.. IGraya Harbor
Tltanla INanalmo
Warfleld Oyster Harbor
Tellua (Oyster Harbor
China. China and Japan
Corona !San Diego
Arcata ICoos Bay
Profrreso Tacoma
North Fork Humboldt
Columbia Portland
Bonita Newport
Newburg Grays Harbor
Crescent Clty...lCr*!>cpnt City
I
...!Ji
...|Ji
...'Ji
.. Ji
... Ji
id.J:
..iji
...!Jl
..iJl
..|J.
... J\
._ Ji
.. Jx
.. Ji
... Jl
.. J t
.. Jl
.. Jv
... Jl
ur.e $
use J
une '?
une ¦»
fune 9
une H
une 19
'une '.)
'une n
une 11
'une 11
une 11
une 11
une U
une 1^
une 12
une 12
une IS
une 13
ane II
une it
une 1*
une 14
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pter.
Bonl:a Newport June 8. » am Pier 11
City Sydney Panama June 8. 12 m PMSi*
North Fork. Humboldt June 8. 9am|Pler I
Luxor Europe June 9. WaraiPter 7
Santa Rosa. San Diego. June 10. 11 amjPier 11
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt S<1. June 10. 11 ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 11. 2 pmjPter 2
State of Ca I Portland June 12. 11 am. Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt June 12. Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 12. 9 am, Pier H
Marlpoia ..'Sydney June 13. 8 pmlPler 7
Corona |San Dle«r» June 14. 11 amSPler 11
Honskng MiCV »na& Japan, June 14. lpm|PMS8
Arcata 1 Coos Bay 1 June 14. 12 ml Pier 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pter.
Bonl:a Newport June 8. » am Pier 11
City Sydney Panama June 8. 12 m PMSi*
North Fork. Humboldt June 8. 9am|Pler I
Luxor Europe June 9. WaraiPter 7
Santa Rosa. San Diego. June 10. 11 amjPier 11
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt S<1. June 10. 11 ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 11. 2 pmjPter 2
State of Ca I Portland June 12. 11 am. Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt June 12. Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 12. 9 am, Pier H
Marlpoia ..'Sydney June 13. 8 pmlPler 7
Corona |San Dle«r» June 14. 11 amSPler 11
Honskng MiCV »na& Japan, June 14. lpm|PMS8
Arcata 1 Coos Bay 1 June 14. 12 ml Pier 13
TO
ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From.
Due.
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena Mer.docino
Slat* of Cal Portland
Empire ICoos Bay
San, JIateo |Nanaimo. ...............
Coos Bay Newport
Matuawan .... Tacoma
Willamette .... Seattle ....
Pomona |HurnboIdt
City ot Puebla.j Victoria A Puget Soun
Coqullle River.. IGraya Harbor
Tltanla INanalmo
Warfleld Oyster Harbor
Tellua (Oyster Harbor
China. China and Japan
Corona !San Diego
Arcata ICoos Bay
Profrreso Tacoma
North Fork Humboldt
Columbia Portland
Bonita Newport
Newburg Grays Harbor
Crescent Clty...lCr*!>cpnt City
I
...!Ji
...|Ji
...'Ji
.. Ji
... Ji
id.J:
..iji
...!Jl
..iJl
..|J.
... J\
._ Ji
.. Jx
.. Ji
... Jl
.. J t
.. Jl
.. Jv
... Jl
ur.e $
use J
une '?
une ¦»
fune 9
une H
une 19
'une '.)
'une n
une 11
'une 11
une 11
une 11
une U
une 1^
une 12
une 12
une IS
une 13
ane II
une it
une 1*
une 14
ARTICLED.
(Receipts.! Shtpm f ts.
Flour, barrels v ... 12.000
Wheat, bushels 33.000
Corn, bushels 209.000
Oats, bushels 2J1.0CO
Rye. bushels 1.000
Barley, bushels 25,000
12.000
33.0C0
444.0C0
292. COO
o
I 11
lme
Time | 111
lmei
s
t
53
Ft. Ft. —
11 W L.
. W
R
HWl
Ft.
_!_
i ...
> ...
.9 ...
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ..
2:53
J:33
4:12-
4:5l|.
K-321
6:15!
1.1 SJB 2.5
0.8 »:S3 3.7
0.1 10:42 4.0 :
-0.3; 11:23 4.2 i
1—0.61 12:14 4.5 •
I— fl.Sl 12:531 4.7 I
1—0.81 1:37! 4.S I
1:14
1:53
2:46
3:321
4:21|
E:ll!
S:03<
2.7
2.9
3.0
i S.I
| 3.2!
3.3!
3 .21
7:57J
8:23
9:031
9:3.-
! 10: IS!
: 11 :M
I 11:531
3.4
&.<
5.;
5.9
5.7A. pelican's : : pouch : . is large enough to
contain seven or eight quarts of: water.
DETROIT, Mich.. .Tune ".—Major General O.
O Howard ot Burlington. Vt.. was unani
rnnufly re-elected president of the Congrega
tional Home Missionary Society.
Fire at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, June 7.— R. L. . Dudley's
residence was destroyed by fire to-day.
The loss Is $2500, insurance $1000.
Greenberg Sues for Damages.
Hyman Greenbersr filed a second suit
against the Western Turf Association
vesterdav to recover 110,000 damages for
his unlawful eviction from Tanforan Park
OI in a a nU forrner 'action against the Tan
foran Park people Greenberg recovered
a verdict for $3000.
Journeymen Barbers.
A meeting of journeymen barbers was
held yesterday and a charter from the
Journeymen Barbers' International Union
cf America was applied for. Permanent
organization was effected with the follow
ing officers: President. J. R. Bleily; vice
president; R. M. Smith; recording secre
tarv M. A- Graham; corresponding and
financial F«v*retary. I. LeBc; treasurer,
Charles Koch: guide. J. A. Cobb; guar
dian L. J. Gcscn; trustees— L. Gaige, A!
Granger. R. S. WolfT: finance committee—
L j Ge*oh. J. Schneider, M. Marks. A
vote of sympathy for the Seattle striking
barbers was pzzse&.
Food for the ¦ Orphans.
During the past two days Deputy Fish
Commissioner C. A. Vogelsang has con
fiscated 700 pounds of undersized striped
bass - from the boats and trains • coming
from San Pablo and Sulsun ; bays. The
fish was distributed to the Protestant- and
Hebrew orphan .asylums and Boys' and
Girls'. Aid Society.
Meeting of Bear Club.
The Boar Club held its annual meeting
In H'nal B'ritii Hall last night and a spir
ited election of officers took place, result
lnp as follows; Thomas W. Collins, presi
dent; Professor Richard D. Faulkner,
John Lackmann and James D. lirown,
vice presidents; N. E. Malson, secretary;
W G. Cue, corresponding secretary: O. A.
Tolle treasurer; executive commi ttee— L.
J Aschheim. Isaac P. Kincaid, Alexander
ji Truman. George D. O'Neil and M. F.
Tavlor It was resolved to rawt hereafter
cvt'rv Thursday evening. A special meet
ing will be held on the evening of the 21st
in£t when the club will march to the Re
publican ratification meeting to be held
In the Alhambra Theater. The president
was empowered to have the uniforms
cleaned for the drill corps.
WILL TEST LEGALITY OF
ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
Contractors' Demands for Meat Bills
Are Not Audited and Suit
; Will Result.
The preliminary step toward determin
ing the exact legal status *of the St.
Mary's Park fund, as outlined In Wednes
day's Call, was taken yesterday by E.
Patek & Co., who. through their attor
neys, Bishop & Wheeler, will take the
case to the courts. A demand for- 1150 in
favor of the firm for meat supplied to the
city was presented to the Auditor, who
refused to audit.it. .lie alleged that the
treasury is depleted. .His attention was
then called to the fund for St. Mary's
Park. Wells said that the Board of Su
pervisors had directed him to set aside tha
fund for the • park and he had compiled
with the order. The attorneys then pre
pared papers to bring the matter to an is
sue and they will be filed in the Superior
Court either to-day or to-morrow. .
Servian-Montenegrin' Picnic.
The Servian Montenegrin L. and B. So
ciety will hold its annual picnic at Buena
VUtm Park. Sausalito, on Sunday, the
tw.ntkth anniversary of the society. Val
uable tombola prizes and special gate
prizes will be distributed. The music for
the occasion will be furnished by the
Servian band. P. P. Tornich leader. L. S.
Chiurich will be grand miixshal and
the othVr ofTlot-rs and committees are:
Floor manager. S. Gennovlch; assistant
lloor manager, George A. Dabovich; floor
committee— V. Jovovich. E. J. Gudelj, C.
Mandich. N. Goicovlch; reception— C. Sla
dovlch. S. Obradovlch. H. Matrovicb, S.
Kuftovich. M. Matcovlch. J. Spalch: ar
rangements — Steve Gennovich (chair
man), J. Cukaviza, C. Mandich, J. Vuco
vich.
George Hartman, a big, burly contractor
living at 1101 Rhode Island street, was
charged in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
with disturbing the peace. The complain
ing witness was Mrs. Viola Smith, a
pretty young widow now living at 81SM;
Larkln street.
Mrs. Smith testified that she was en
eajred as housekeeper by Hartman and
was there four weeks. When she asked
for her wapos he refused to pay up. She
had finished a big day's washing at the
time and he threw a washtub at her and
cha. c ed her out of the house. He was in
the habit of drinkinp heavily and bulry
inj? everybody, as he had an ungovernable
U Mr= ? Smith's little girl was In court, and
when she f*aw Hartman she began to cry
and bets her mother "to come away," as
nh*> was afraid of him.
Hartman in his defense said that Mrs.
Smith was constantly flirting with his
men and did not attend to her duties.
He had two painters at the house and she
kept them from doing their work by al
ways smiling at them. He denied that he
ever drank too much liquor. He said that
the way to make people do their work was
to walk over them.
The Judge advised Hartman to pay Mrs.
Smith the wages due her. and continued
the case till to-morrow. He thought the
charge should have been assault with a
deadly weapon, the court looking" on a
tub as such.
OBJECTED TO HOUSEKEEPER
FLIRTING WITH HIS MEN
EASTERN RACES.
—
Fast Tracks and Good Cards Furnish
Fine Sport.
NEW YORK. June 7.— A strong breeze
from the ocean made wraps a necessity
at Gravesend to-day. The track was fast.
Results: „
Five furlongs— The Puritan won. Prince of
Melrose second. Kimberley third. Time, 1:02.
One mile and a sUteenth-Andrisa won.
Merlto second. Lindemer third. Time 1:43 4-5.
About six furlongs. solling-Her Ladyship
won. Wax Taper second. The Benedict third.
T OrTe mile and an eighth-Central Trust won.
1'rince of Melbourne second. Knight of the
Garter third. Time. l:M, . >', -• j
The MnnhaFet four anil a hair furlongs—
Watercolor won. Bonnibert second. Ten Can-
Ore mile and a'slxtoenth. selling— Tinge won.
Robert Metcalf second, Poste Haste third.
Time, 1:49.
CINCINNATI. June 7.— Favorites and
second choices divided the card at .New
port to-day. Track fast: Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Winter won. Sarilla
second. Polly Blxby third. Time. 1:27.
Four furlongs— School for Scandal won. Lady
Bramble second. Syncopated Sandy third. Time,
' 4 6r.'e mile and an eighth. sclllng-Rlfle won,
Outburst second, Ennnmia third. Time, liKY*.
Six furlongs. selling-Northumberland won.
Fakatuck second. Blenheim third. Time. l:lo.
Six furlongs, selling— Headlight won, M'.z
zouri second, Flop third. Time. 1:20%;
One mile and a sixteenth. Belllng-Fannle
Taylor won. High Noon second. Dandy H third.
Time. 1:48%. •
ST. LOI'IS. Mo.. June 7.— Lee King: and
Found were the winning favorites to-day.
Results:
Six furlonKS— L*e King won. Maeon second,
Glen Lake third. Time 1:15V4.
One mile and an elsrhth. selling— Duke of Mel
bourne won. Pacemaker second, School Girl
th Five furTongs-Emall Jack won. Wild Pirate
pecom] Danger Line third. Time, 1:02%.
Pre-B stake, value $1000, boats, five and a
half furlongs— Bummer won, Found second. Ed
L third. Time, 1:OS.
Second heat— Found won. Bummer second.
Ed L third. Time. l:09H- . _,
Hun eft— Found won. Bummer second. Time,
1: one mile and a sixteenth, relllngr— Kir Ftolla
won Tulla Fonso second. Laureate third. Time,
X 'sVx' furlongs-Ned Wickes won. HI Nocker
second, Bertha Nell third. Time. 1:15.
CHICAGO. June 7. — Hawthorne results:
Weather clear; track heavy.
Five furlongs— Princess Tatyana won, Dandy
Jim recond, /-nek Phelps third. Time, I:O0U.
<51x furlongs— Bangle won. Hermoso second,
E<1 Gartland II thtrrl. Time. 1:21H-
Steeplechase, short course, handicap—Dur
ward won. Van Brunt second. Myoeitls, third.
T One mile and a sixteenth. handicap-Great
Bend won. Star Chamber second, IJrulare third.
Tl s£ven " 5 furioniKs.. eelllnp— Forbush won, John
A Morris second, Josephine B third. Time.
1- One mlle-Blphop Reed won. Braw Lad sec
ond. Lady Britannic third. Time, 1:4<»4.
FOOTPADS STIIX AT ' WORK.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June ".—Having arrest
ed Walter Watson, James Murray and
several others suspected of "being foot
nads the police force relaxed its
former vigilance, under the impression
that the era of outlawry would cease.
This delusion disappeared when to-day it
¦was reported that W. J. Hamilton, an old
soldier from the Santa. Monica Home, was
held up near the business center by three
voung toughs, who went through his
pockets and 'secured his remaining pen-
S -When the Wrtpman and conductor of car
*>10 of the First-street line also reported
that they had driven off two footpads who
attempted to hold up a car at 1 o'clock
this morning the illusion was completely
dispelled.
Death of Bev. E. H. Condit.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., June 7.— E. II.
Condit. pastor of tho First Presbyterian
Church, died suddenly of apoplexy at his
home to-day. Deceased was formerly
president of Albany College, Oregon; Oc
cidental College, Los Angeles, and a pas
tor at Lagrande and Boise.:
Pope Has a Cold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
ROME, June 7.— The Pope is suffering^
from a cold and Is confined to hls'ibcd.*
Dr. I-aponi advised that the audience fixed
for to-morrow be postponed until Satur
day. ,
MEDICAL STUDENTS
HOLD AN ELECTION
BOSTON BEATS CHICAGO.
Bean-Eaters Are Steadily Increasing
Their Percentage.
CORRKCT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. U ret. j Hubs— W. U Pot.
Philadelphia 24 U LSSJChlcagO 19 20 .1ST
Brooklyn ....21 16 .5«S fins ton IS 19 .4:."
Plttsburg ....23 19 .547 Cincinnati ...13 22 «PJ
Et. Louis 19 13 .SCO Xew York. ...14 22 .3J6
150STOX. June 7.— Prven hits, a baso on balls
and two errors in the fifth Inning of to-day's
irume gave Boston nine runs and the same
Nichols hn.l excellent command and Chicago
could do nothing with his delivery after the
second inning. Attendance, 2(XK>. Score:
Clubs— U. H. K.
Br.Hton 13 It 0
Chicago '. 4 6 4
Batteries — Nichols and Clements; Taylor,
Chance and Dexter. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The New Yorks won
to-diy from St. Louis by timely batting and
sharp fleldlnsr.. Seymour bas been fanned out
to the Worcester Club. Elmer Smith wiU play
his first i?ame here to-morrow. Manager Ewins
has secured Cogan, a pitcher, from the Chicago
Club. Attendance. 1000. Score:
Clubs— ! R. H. E.
: New York l'> 14 1
; St. Louis * S 10 4
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Jones, Young
and RoDinson. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA, June 7.— After a long
drawn out first Inning, In which a wild thrpw
by Cross, two singles, a double an<1 a triple
by. Cincinnati netted the visitors four runs, the
game to-day between that team and the Phillies
continued in a listless manner. The locals could
do nothing with Scott and what hits they got
were larpely of a scratch kind. Eraser was
exchanged for. Maul in the fourth inning and
pitched a good game. Attendance. 3000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati » 12 1.
Philadelphia 1 8 3
Batteries— Scott and Peltz; Maul, Fraser and
t>ourlas. Umpire — Emslie.
BROOKLYN, June 7.— Wagner and Phillip!
did the feature work to-day, the former bat
ting heavily and fielding brilliantly, while the
pitcher had Brooklyn guessing until -the ninth.
Then a base on balls, four hits and Ritchey's
fumble let In three runs. With bases full and
two out Kelly lined a foul to O'Connor and
the game was over. Attendance, 2000. Score:
. Clubs— R- H. E.
Plttsburg 7 12 I
Brooklyn ..: • 4 12 2
' Batteries— Philllpl and O'Connor; Nops and
FarrJll. Umplre-Swartwood.
American Association Games.
¦ CHICAGO, June 7.— Chicago. 7: Cleveland. 2.
KANSAS CITY, June 7.— Kansas City. 4;
MILWAUKEE, June 7.-Mllwaukee. 0; * De-
MINNEAPOLIS. June 7.— Minneapolis. 2: In
dianapolis, 5.
DELEGATES APPOINTED IN
SANTA CLARA- COUNTY
Special Dlspateh to The Call
SAN JOPE, June T.-Santa Clara County
Democrats to-day declared themselves for
William Jennings Bryan for President of
the United States. This action w-as prac
tlcallv taken, at a convention named by
the "Democratic Committee to select
delegates to the State Convention,
to be be held . at Sacramento on
June 16, by instructing the dele
gates to vote as a unit for J. H. Henry of
this city for delegate to the Kansas City
convention. This district is entitled to
two delegates to the national -convention.
and.it is a time honored custom for
Santa Clara to always : have thtf=- naming
of one of these representatives.
The convention to.-day was presided
over by F. L. Machef eat, ¦ and most of
those appointed attended. •
The following delegates to the State
convention were appointed: "
I John A. Hicks, at large; J. B. O'Brien.
Santa Clara; W. P. Veuve, ,Lps Gatos; M.
Ca^ey, Gilroy; N.Bowden, Hester; H, H.
Main, San Jose; Lee Darneal. Los Gatos;
Martin -Murphy," San Jose; Park C. Ma
bury,"-University; F. Baumgartncr, Cran
dallville; L. C. Trailor, I-os Gatos; James
Lex, San Jose; Leonard Fowler, Vine
land; Dudley Wells.' Milpitas; James Mc-
Kagney, San Jose;'A. .R. Denlke. Ever
green: J. R. Ryland, San Jose,; T.'.AV. Car
roll. San Jose; G. Peirano, San Jose;
Owen - D. Richardson, Sen Jose; S. T.
Moore. Gilroy: John P. Fitzgerald, Ma
drone; J.L. E. Kelly, San Jose; Timothy
Mee. .Campbell; E. G. Hlrsch,\ Santa
Clara; C. A. English, Gubserville; Charles
Keaner San Jose. . >
THE constitutional right of criminals
at the San Francisco bar to a fair
and impartial trial Is in jeopardy.
Jurors are human, but they are
likely to become Inhuman in their judg
ment when torn from the bosom of a
thrifty business and deprived of even a
iuror's fees they are forced to pay for
their own coffee and anchors, while a
briefly authoritative bailiff guards them
wi'h eve and gun. They arc apt to lay
the blame for their woes on the allege
trar-^gresFor of the law whose fate .the}
hod in their hands. His finish Is then a
matter of easy fixing by the twelve good,
mad men and true.
A few days ago a Jury In Judge Law
lor's court agreed to disagree until* at
least after the meal hour. The Sheriff
was forthwith ordered to wine and dine
his charges. Whether or not that officer
detected an unusually hungry vacancy of
the eye or stomach he said not, but he
balked anyway. "I now have to keep a
profit and loss account on jurors', meals."
he said, "and upon'the unpopular sitle of
this sheet my eyes have often rested on
the symbol $3S. If any dispenser of food
in the neighborhood, however, will trust
this untrustworthv city you may eat."
The keeror of a near-by Inn saUl that he
"Vud drust dot cidy yes not." but rather
than agree just then the twelve good men
and true decided to continue the agony
of their victim a few minutes longer.
They took up a collectlcn. They con
sumed a bite and as they ate reached the
unanimous conclusion that the prisoner
at the bar was guilty, plainly guilty —
guilty as guilt itsejf. After getting even
the jurors went their way and are now in
disguise, that the Sheriff may not again
banquet them at their own expense.
• Sheriff Lackmann has informed Judges
Lav/lor. Cook» and Dunne that he has no
way or means of providing meals for
jurors. This will probably lead to the
suspension of all criminal calendars for
the balance of the month. If this course
is decided upon talesmen can again with
Safety come out Into the light of the world
and commune with their free fellow men.
Jurors of Criminal Courts Are Up Against the Grim Specter, Starvation.
WEDDED UNDER A
BOWER OF FLOWERS
Henry Miller Jr. and Miss Sarah
Onyon United in Marriage
at Gilroy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY. June ".—The marriage of
Henry Miller Jr., son of the cattle king,
and Miss Sarah Onyon took place yes
terday at the home of tho bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Onyon. In this city.
The house was a floral bower of carna
tions, sweet peas, ferns, potted palms, |
wIM grasses and wildwood. The couple j
was married at 9 a. m. by Rev. E. 13. j
Hays of the Presbyterian church, under
a bower of ferns. :
The bride was charming in a rich gown
of fine French organdie over white taf
feta. The skirt was ruffled and edged
with whit.e satin baby ribbon. The un
derskirt was accordion pleated. The
waist was of insertion and lace and rib
bons, and the bridal bouquet was an ex
quisite showered bouauet of white carna
tions, which fell from- the shoulder to
the hem of the dress. The marriage was
witnessed by the relatives and one or two
intimate friends.
After the ceremony the guests partook
of an elaborate wedding breakfast. The
presents were beautiful and comprised
elegant pieces of silver, gold, art glass
and fancy bric-a-brac.
The brides traveling dress was a gray
tailor-made suit wit.i a stylish hat to
match. The couple were driven to Sar
gents Station and took the noon train for
Santa Cruz and other points of Interest
south. They will ppend the summer at
the groom's summer cottage at Mt. Ma
donna.
The hride is a your.g lady of amiable
disposition and beautiful character. She
has taught schrtol for many years and is
universally respected by all who know
her. Sh»* has been a very Intimate friend
of the Miller family for fifteen years and
tne marriage is happily sanctioned by
both families.
The groom is in better health than he
has been for a number of years. He is a
generous whole-souled young man and
every one unites In wishing the couple
a happy union.
GRAND OFFICERS
OF COMPANIONS
OF THE FOREST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, June, 7.
The session to-day of the Companions of
the Forest closed the thirteenth annual
State Convention of the order. A mass of
routine business. was transacted during
the morning hours. Reports from all of
the grand officers were of the most nat
tering character, indicating steady and
permanent growth of the organization.
During the year now closed four new
circles were added to the State jurisdic
tion, Including one in this city and one
in San Francisco.
At the afternoon session the election of
grand officers for the ensuing term occu
pied the attention of the delegated. There
was considerable rivalry for the positions.
The result 'of the election was as follows:
Grand chief companion. Mrs. Katie
Agee, Merced; grand subchief companion.
Miss Alice Tieoulet, San Francisco; grand
financial secretary. Miss Agnes D. Hrem
er: grand recording secretary, Mrs. L.
Atwood, San Francisco; prand treasurer,
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee. San Francisco;
grand right guide. Mrs. J. H. Krimmin
ger. Los Angeles: grand left guide. Miss
M. McMurray, San Francisco: grand inner
guard, Mrs. S. E. Ellin. Santa Ana; grand
outside guard. Miss J. Wokurka. Santa
Barbara. Grand trustees — Mrs. H.
Worms, San Francisco; Mrs. A. Davis.
Oakland; Mrs. J. Wetsel, San Francisco.
Grand marshal, Frank X. Wallace, San
Diego: organist, Mrs. W. J. Donlan, San
Francisco.
The session of 1301 will be held In San
Francisco.
This evening the delegates were enter
tained at a banquet at the Cafe Bohemia.
Flourishing Condition of the Order 13
Reported to the Delegates.
Sanquet Closes the An
nual Session.
Mrs. Kate Agee of Merced Is
Chosen to Be Head of the
THEIR ROMANCE
KEPT A SECRET
FOR MANY DAYS
Marriage of 'Earl B. Hough
and Beatrice Singleton
on the Hartford.
Second Ceremony Celebrated Seven
Months Later After the Dis
closure of the Union Had
Been Made. -
The announcements are made on the
eve- of the departure for Honolulu of Mr.
and Mrs. Hough, whose relatives ana
friends have been greatly astonished by
the news of the double weddings.
The young couple kept the secret of
their union so carefully that it was not
until a few days ago that the parent*
knew anything of the circumstances.
Immediately after the unusual marriago
o . the famous frigate, then at Mare Isl
and, young Hough and his contract bride
returned to their respective homes in San
Leandro and continued to meet only in
the most casual w;.y.
The tender to the bridegroom of a posi
tion in Hawaii led to disclosures. Neither
his wife nor himself desired to be parted
from each other, so the secret was re
vealed. Then, to satisfy the wish ©f par
ents, the second ceremony was celebrated.
The families directly concerned have
given their approval now that the facts
have become known. The young people
will leave for the'.r island Tiome with the
congratulations of a host of friends.
Mrs Hough Is a daughter of Mr. and.
Mrs Charles Singleton. Her brother is
connected with the Best Manufacturing
Works at San T-eandro. The groom Is a
son of W. J. Hough, superintendent of
the San Leandro Gas Works. The young
'man was for some time In the employ or
Taber. the San Francisco photographer.
The romantic marriage last November
of Earl B. Hough and Beatrice Singleton,
members of prominent families of San
Leandro. was made public to-day. In fact
there were two weddlnga. The first was
solemnized by contract in the presence cC
Chaplain McDonald on the United State*
snip Hartf rd. November 3. last year.
The second ceremony was celebrated last
Tuesday at San Rafael a: the Presbyter
ian church, R<;v. David James officiating-
Oakland Office San Franci3co Cart.
1113 Broadway, June 7.
Investigation Proves That the
Charges Made by Two Private
Detectives Are. False.
Chief of Police Sullivan has suspended
three officers from duty on a charge that
they permitted Chinese to violate the
quarantine rules established in the Chi
nese quarter. While there is no question
that the Chinese are passing In and out
of Chinatown, an impartial investigation
shows that a serious Injustice has been
done to the three accused men in this
instance. The three men are Thoma3
Murphy, Maurice Hehan and Matthew L.
Tierney. the last named two not long in
the department. OfHcer Murphy is, how
ever, an old and tried patrolman. His re
liability, judgment and efficiency have
been used frequently in advocacy of his
promotion on the force, and it seems un
fortunate that under such conditions a
charge, which inquiry proves to be false,
should be made ngainst him. He has
served in many responsible capacities and
was one of the best officers on the China
town detail when quarantine was estab
lished. It is more unfortunate that the
charge against him is based upon the tes
timony of a private detective.
When rumor began to circulate that
Chinese were passing in and out of China
town. <*hief Sullivan decided- to do every
thing In his power to prevent the violation
of the quarantine. He employed two pri
vate detectives to watch the patrolmen
and the result is their charge against the
officers who were suspended last night.
The accused men say tnat they can dem
onstrate to the satisfaction of the Chief
that the accusations are false. In the
first place, they knew of the presence of
the private detectives in Chinatown and
knew that they were employed by some
authority to *cc that the rules of the
quarantine were obeyed. In the second
place, the accused officers are fortunately
in a position to produce the Chinese who
was it is charged, admitted to the d!s
trict They have many more incidental
details to offer and it seems regretable
that upon the word of a private detective
their reputation and standing In the de
partment should be injured even by a
false accusation.
OFFICERS ARE ACCUSED
OF ACCEPTING BRIBES
arations for Their Fete of
July Fourteenth.
The committee having in charge the
Fall of the Bastlle celebration on July 14
has held several preliminary meetings and
will probably decide on the Chutes as the
place for holding the festivities. There
will re grand illuminations, fireworks dis
play and decorations and a ball. The of
ficers of the general committee and the
names of those composing the various
sub-committees follow: ¦
j M Dupaa president; Samuel J. Enin. first
vtefl nresKleni: I*- Be'.lefirarde. second vice pre»
ident? J I Godeau. treasurer; A. B. Rlchet.
commlttee-S. J. Erun. E. Glraud.
J. Stamper A. B. Kichet and P. Belle.
B Yiterary exerclses-A. Goustlaux. X. Mefret.
J Cendeu. A. Goustianx and S J. Brun.
Invitational*. A. Berserot. M. Fucbs. 3. 3.
B L}urTry e^reA^X. Ooustiaux X. Mefret.
S J I'.run P. A. Berserot and A. \ orbe.
" De'<-~ratt.'n and IMuminatk ns-J. Godart. M.
JoubJrt E Oassmann. L. C. Bertln, E. Dau
cher J.' S. GoUetiu and E. Guyot.
Miisic-E !• Galbet. Th. Laco»te. P. Belle
«ni» U C. Bertin and E. Blanquie.
g i££p«on-U C. Brrtta P. Deiwl. C La
lanne, A. Granger. E. Daucher. E. Joubert
aI T t lcket office— M. Fwchs. J. Lonjre. P. Delsol.
A. Granger. C. Lalanne. E. Paucher and
ConTnWtee on order— E. Girauct. Charles
GrefTe. J. Condeu. P. Delsol. C Lalanne. E.
I>nuch'er and E. Oassmann. _¦
J?all— Th Lacoste, J. Longe. P. Delsol. A.
Granger, If. Joubert and J. Condeu.
M Antoine. Vice Consul. In the absence
of M de Trobriand was elected honorary
president of the fete. Mr. de Trobriand
un the eve of his departure for France on
Saturday last was presented with a mag
nificent gold quartz headed cane and Mrs.
de Trobriand was the recipient of a beau
tiful floral tribute.
The 14th of July committee was elected
at a general meeting of the members ot
the French colony held May 21. Ten mem
bers are elected by the general assembly
and the presidents of French societies in
<=an Francisco and Oakland constitute U»e
I rest of the committee.
French Residents Are Making Prep-
WILL CELEBRATE THE
FALL OF THE BAST1LE
ST. PAUL. June 7.— Virginia. Minn., the
largpst s-cttlement on the Mesaba iron rann».
according to meager reports received here, has
t*-«?n entirely destroyed by flr«.
NEW YORK. June 7.— J. B. Prown. a wealthy
New York dry Roods man. committed suicide
to-day in his room by shooting himself through
the head. D^ppondency over ill health was
the cause. He was 57 years old.
Yolo Educators.
Special Piscatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 7.— The Board o?
Supervisors has appointed Miss Marion
Rohm and Lee Crane members of the
County Board of Education, the former as
her own successor and the latter to suc
ceed T. J. Coin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS E'.roadway, June 7.
Oregon Sanders, prominent as an at
torney and political orator, was to-day
made the defendant in a suit for a divorce
commenced by his wife, Julia E. Sanders.
I 'exertion is the ground named in the
complaint. Mrs. Sanders alleges that for
several years her husband has failed to
contribute to her support and has re
mained stray from her. She asks for no
alimony and makes no request for coun
sel f«-es. The couple have one son. 16
years old. Airs. Sanders resides in Oak
land, while her husband practices his
profession on the other side of the bay.
Mrs. May Andrews Wiggin filed suit to
day for a divorce from Marcus P. Wiggin. !
She gave statutory reasons for making j
the complaint. The couple are well \
known. Tney have lived in Alameda for j
a r.umber ot years and have grown chil- !
drer:. Wiggin was at one time a journal- ;
ist, but later gave up writing to practice
law.
Judge Hall to-day granted a divorce to
I^ne Breed from Frank W. Breed on the
ground of willful neglect. The plaintiff !
was allowed to resume her maiden name j
of lone Van Xoy. The couple were mar- )
ried in secret two vears ago at Sacra
mento, and their relatives were kept in
ignorance of the fact until the young wife j
commenced suit for a divorce several,
weeks ago. Breed is the publisher of a
magazine devoted to blooded fowls.
Annie C. D. Crawford instituted an ac
tion to-day for a divorce from Edward
C. Crawford. She alleges cruelty as the
ground for the suit.
Judge Hall Grants a Decree to lone
Breed, Who Was Secretly Mar
ried at Sacramento Two
Years Ago.
Oregon Sanders and Marcus
P. Wiggin Are Made '
Defendants.
WIVES OF TWO
LAWYERS FILE
DIVORCE SUITS
Trouble is brewing in Chinatown. Dis
fattraction has been rife among the pent
up Chinese and yesterday the news that
the case before the Circuit Court had been
postponed brought it to a head. A large
crowd gathered outside the headquarters
of the Six compank-s and threatened *o
do ?»rious damage. The situation Was ox
plained to them and the crowd dispersed
orly to gather again some hours later and
more threatening demonstrations were
made. Again the officers of the Six Com
l^nies pacified the angered Celestials an!
again they dispersed, but they gather.J
a third time, .but without further demon
stration. They did a great deal pf talk
.ng. however, and the incident is con-
Fiaered signiJicant.
The Six Companies and the Consul have
no faith in the new special detail for
Chinatown. The Consul believes they will
not be strong enough to quell any serious
disturbance and he is anxious to have
regular police put on patrol duty within
the lines. The Chinese are not afraid of
the new specials, he Fays, and if their
services should be badly needed he fears.
they would be found inadequate. The
higher classes of the Chinese are becom
ing worried over the situation, for en
forced idleness is giving the inhabitants
of the quarantined section plenty of time
to hatch plots and plan disturbances anS
Mots, and if they get hungry they will
take to rioting just as any other nation
ality would do under the circumstances.
The quarantine situation is at a etand-
EtUl, for the case before the Circuit Court
has pone over to next Wednesday morn
ing and nothing can be done until that
has been decided. In the meantime the
temporary restraining order allows the
physicians of the Six Companies to pa^s
£ a 5r EE P r< md-?d the rules of the Board
fi, t-allh have been complied with. No
h~ « e f e w 1 - 11 ? e re «>oved from within the
lines to Mission Rock either, for one of
the conditions upon which the attorneys
/ ij 1 , < -£ Ineiie agreed to allow the Board
ci iiea.th time to answer its complaint
was that there Fhould be no removal of
i^imese until after the case before the
4£ ult . Court bad been passed upon
ine citizens" committee met yesterday
iilternoon. but outside of providing for
**) Chinese reported as being on the verge
, s * al 2"ation nothing of moment was
cone - "he results of the meeting yester
day between the merchants and the at
torneys for the Chinese were reported.
:>ut as the conference amounted to ab
i-o.utely nothing there was not much
either to discuss or to report.
The conference was held in due form,
tut the merchants found the Chinese and
their attorneys at- tenacious of their po
sition as sure winners. They absoiuteiy
icfusea to discuss anything less than a
withdrawal of the quarantine and then
they announced they would be willing to
alscuas the proposition of quarantining
UWivWnil hous< s supposed to be infected
or fcv« n neighborhoods under suspicion. I
The proposition of the merchants was ¦
li.at the attorneys would not oppose th-3 i
r> moval of Chinese during the pendency |
of the suit, as the health of the city do- !
c.anded such action, but the attorneys
refused to consider any proposition that
carn«d with it the possible removal of
any Chinese. They will rely on their
ruitl and they feel sure of winning.
The Health Beard received an applica
ti •:¦ from George H. Pippy at yestecday"s
meeting askinji that ten Chinese be re
. isexJ from quarantine in order that they
:: i> join an expedition about to le*ve for
t • ria. On Dr. McCarthy's motion the
Batter of releasing the Chinamen was
i laced in the hands of Dr. Klnyoun. as-
Flstant surpeon of the Marine "Hospital. I
I t. VMlllamaon held that it would be a !
¦ r:ci rous precedent to establish, as once
the Chinamen were out of Chinatown they
< nuid not get back, and it was desirable
that the Federal officials take the matter i
!!. hand in order to avoid any complica- I
t: •>:..-. Should the Chinese be refused pas- j
Ease to Slberia'they will be taken imme
tliuteiy to one of the detention stations
:. w being prepared at Mission Rock and
: l.-land.
-J to than a hundred Chinamen congre
gated on the third floor of the Appraiser's
building yesterday for the purpose of lls
:• Tiirig to the argument expected to be
made before United States Circuit Judge
Morrow on the petition for a restraining
order against the City Hoard of Health.
The greater portion of the Chines**' audi
tors euuld neither t^peak nor understand
English, but they were there to lend their
moral support to the eminent counsel rep
resenting them. The Salvation Army was !
r< presented by two pretty lassies, and the
Christian Chinese missions were in ovi
d^no? in the persons of a dozen lady mis
t-ionaricfi.
On behalf of the petitioners appeared
Joseph C Campbell of Reddy, Campbell
A: Metson. Jam*-*! G. Maguire of Maguire
& Gallagrher. John E. Bennett and Sam
uel M. Shortrldge of Beatty & Shortridge.
Crier John T. Grey called the court to or
der at 11 o'clock, a« Judges Morrow and
De Haven took th*>ir seats on the bench.
It had been whispered about before
hand that the counsel for the city had
not had sufficient time in which to pre
pare the . evidence necessary' to show
cause why the quarantine should not be
raised, and when Charles L. Weller, Af
r:s'.-i nt District Attorney, made that
statement no surprise was manifested.
J. C. Campbell asked that Mr. Weller ;
pive the court an assurance that none of
the thre-ats made against the Chinese by
the Iicard of Health would be carried out,
M;rh as taking Chinese to quarantine on
Mission Rock or Ang«l Island, and that
the Board of Health provide pome method
of feeding the imprisoned indigent Asi
atics.
•*Of course." said Mr. Weller in reply.
•'ms»tt< rs will remain in etatu quo pend
ina the hearing."
An adjournment was then declared until
r.ext Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock.
-^
Gacre Has Answered Hay
Asleep on Duty.
WASHINGTON, Juno 7.— The Chinese
MiniMer. V»'u Ting Fang, was the first
caller of tho day at th« Bttlfl Department.
He was concerned with the unfortunate
plight of the Chinese within the quaran
tine lines at San Francisco. He made
come strong representations to Secretary
Hay in critiHsm of the health officials
who are administering the quarantine.
B<-cretarv Hay has received a reply from
the Governor of California in answer to
his reautst for a report upon the com
plaint of the Chinese Minister of discrim
ination scainst the Chinese. The Govcr
r.nr'n answer is an explanation of tne
pravo conditions which confront the btate
officials in their efforts to stamp out the
plague, accompanied by an intimation
that every effort will be made to abate
the rigor* of the quarantine law in favor
of th» Chinese wherever this can be done
in fcafety.
Policeman John P. Wocst was suspend
ed by Chi«f Sullivan last nljrht for sleep
ing at bis pof=t of duty. Woest had been
puitinned in the rear of €1S California
street as a quarantine puard. The Chief
in mnkir.K the rounds found him slumber
ing peacefully on a doorstep and promptly
took his * star from him and relieved him
from duty.
Leading Chinese Have No Faith in
""ie Special Polics — Futile At
tempt of the Merchants to
Compromise.
Numbers Gather Menacingly
Near Headquarters of
£ix Companies.
SIGNS OF RIOT
AMONG CHINESE
IN QUARANTINE
DISPENSERS OF JUSTICE, GOOD
MEN AND TRUE, ARE IN HIDING
After Hours of Labor That Cost the
Jurors Object to Being Banqueted at Their Own Expense
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.
Members of College oF Phy
sicians and Surgeons
Choose Officers.
M. R. WALKER.
THE annual election of officers of the
Associated Student body of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons of
San Francisco took place yesterday
afternoon at the college.
M. R. .Walker of the class of '01 (medi
cal department) was elected president;
Luce (dental, '01), vice president; Goode
(dental, '03), secretary; Miss Gregory
(pharmacy. '01). treasurer, and v McMahon
(.dental. *03>, scrgc.int-at-arma. *
The new presiding officer. Mr. Walker, is
very popular among the students, and his
election was received with great satisfac
tion. He is a graduate of the class of
1885. of the Indiana Normal School and has
been a school teacher for many years. His
present home is in San Jose.
9
I § THE MOST THRILLING |
I —j WAR PICTURE [ =
I PIJ8LISHEP ' I Doctor
I My | thl story I Shrady.
I Expen- of san Francisco's I His
I as ! § ences
I Orderly I around the ,paris I ' as
| to | EXPOSITION, p hysic ; an
I I i\Vti I' GENEVIEVE GREEN. M -
I lui u i a to
I Roberts. I ]Ht smiMER GIRL AND I Grant,
I *r her 1 Garfield
1 ™2SLr, 1 GORGEOUS GOWNS. I .. it _ i
I littlewood i 1 and other
R Of Alameda, CaL f
Li I FICTIUNj . r AonluiNo, 0
I > * BOOKS . I.,, nn^
H 1 And Stories o; Thrilling Interest. 4
¦a F- f - . ** m
I ...THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL...THE SAN FRANCISCO, -..CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.
10
MEETING SOTICES.
CALIFORNIA COBBBttftenr No. 1. K- -J-^
T.. No. 8 Pest Ft.— Regular assembly TjJSjp
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, 730 gjj
o'clock. All f rater? courteously in- R_P
cited. By order of t»ie Em. Com-
rr.andcr. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YKRDA UUlirCA L:>fige cf Perfection
N... 1— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) }jf
EVENING, at S o'clock. Fourth t\
GEO. J. IIOBE. Secretary. <a»J>
OCCIDENTAL Iyoflfre No. SI, F. and A. m
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at JA
7:30 o'clock. Third Degree. Master JK_TT
Masons cordially invited. I5y order of / V '
the "VV. M.
WALTER O. ANDERSON. Secretary.
APOLIiO LoJpe No. 123. I. O. O. F. -»£ r - ttr ,»
-Third Degree T!-:;> . ri:II >AY> C£2SR<1.
v EVENING. June (¦. Members and -^g^^g^r
visitors cordially invited. '"'
W. A. LINBAUGH, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Secretary^
ri'.ANCO-AMKRICAN LODGE NO. <!««Sg2>
: 7. 1 • • O F. — Officers nr >J mpm- -5^2^Sj5s£
b*»rs are re<ju*>stnd to attend the :^5p"*fea = "
funeral of cur late brother. "W*"
FRANK LEPPOUNE. P. G.. FRIDAY.
June -R. IttX), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Seventh
¦ltd Market streets. 13y order of E. DA'J-
CHER. N. O. A. L. AURAPOU. Sec.
ASTROLOGY.
l'ROF. A. MAPHRY cf Epj-pt, preateat astrol-
cfrirt e.r.4 palmist 1n the world; satisfaction
ru.-.mrtfa. 15 Powell rt.
ATTOIIXEYS AT LAW.
AD VICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOIVE. atty. at law. S50 Market. cor. Stockton.
Ii. \\\~K1NG. P2T Market St.. room C27; all
cas**: no advance chaiges: call or write.
ADVICE tree: no clicrpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. '<Z~ Market st.. opp. Mason.
L B, CLAHK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
belgian ii 1iucs.
c'alTfouxia'belgian hare association
Capital stock J2S.0C0.
Any erade or j-traln of animal you want.
From $3 to JtiOO.
If net os represented your money refunded.
We have a fine lot cf Belgian Hare Capons,
frcm fl to to 12 each, all la prime condition
lor the table.
GEORGE A. YOUNG. Manager.
Alameda. Cal.
¦ EXTinr: rmbbttry for sale; account of ill j
hoa'.th: fcich pedigreed does; Yukon, Lori
• Britain, LtiI Kitchener, Sir Styles and Ru-
j(us Ftralnp; all with litters; j>ortabl«» hutches;
wire breedinir-bcxeF, etc.: everything goes;
make an on>r. L-if= Anjreles Ra-bBItry, 1S31
Broadway, cor. Seventeenth St., Oakland.
CLAREMONT litlpian Hare Association— Does
bred Ut Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale.
S"' to V£; best Ftrain rouncstere, J2 to $13.
<:1C Telfccrar.h ave.. Oakland.
FOR ral»— Very fi"e stock of high-score, pedi-
rreed Belgian hares, a!! scored by Mrs. Bush.
100SH* £utt<-r rt.. Pan Francisco.
TREMONT I^lgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore St..
Han Francisco, CaJ. — Send 6c in stamps for
book on care and f**£irig.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares; }
positive snuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. 161C Turk, j
OOLJJHN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 60S Oold- j
en Gate ave.. S. F..: 500 rabbits for sale cheap. '
DICTCLE8 — For Sale or Exchange.
HOW is this? Allen sells eood new bicycles for
J20. WH I^arkin St.. corner McAllister.
NEW Cleveland Mercies; better than ever; $-41.
LEAVITT A: BILL. 3__9 Larkin st.
CKEAT I,ariralr.s In second-hand bicycl*»s; from
Ji u^; Ffnd for list. LEAV1TT & BILL. 3-ii
LnrUn frt.. Ftn •EVgnclyrri.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN*.
NICE hom<-, Tirlvate family, for 1 or 2 children
from >¦ to 12 y«-an>; mr.ther's care; no other j
children. I.',:* MiF«ion Bt.
ROOKS — SEW AXD OLdT
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchaniseaT
H»-.!TT-tf Br.ok Co.. 7M Mission yt.. near Third.
BISINESS ClIAXCES.
A— JSOO; BSSXCH refiai'rant In choicest loca- J
tlcn cf Latin quarter; rert tZo; a splendid
X>ay!nc traalneaa; must be »o!<J at once, as j
owm-rs arc r r 'inff to lf-ave for £a.ris. CaJl It. I
_ G. WILKE, 26 1 * Kearny rt.
A— {22."*; TRANSFER corner on Mission et.. In- j
eluding building; ground rent, $;0; lease of 4 ,
j.-i.rs; f.rM-elasj; leaving for Europe: not all
cajh neceyygry. It. G. WILKE, 2£S Kearny.
A— tOf-0; COKXEl; clear store with card room, I
close to corner Market and Powell sis. ; a rare !
char.c?. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. j
A— J2!JC; BAZAR ar.d stationary; choicest Ioc2- i
tion on Valencia st. : rent J15; : llvir.g: rooms; '
treat barsain; owner must s«H] quiclt: Nome <
fever. Call R. G. WILKE, 2G4 Kearnv st.
A-IZZD: VEItV best location.' saloon close to
Powell sinii Market rts.; business first class;
fin\y jjalrcniZKi by best people; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kt-arny et.
A— ?!'«X!; CANDY route; t-*tabi. 20 yeare: all J
cash trade, clearing about J150 per month, i
Call R. G. WILKE. 26:4 Kearny st. .
A— $C0; COUNER trocery and bar. with 4 llv- I
ir.g roomr; couth of Market et.; a cood pay- !
J rj f» V" sine!:s anJ rare chance- Call 11. U.
W 1LKE. 2CVi Kearny st.
A— S3^<; CORNER Faloon; rent $18; choicest lo-
cation south cf Market St.; place doing a good
paying business, but parties caa't agree Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearriy Et.
A— J3"0: CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary st. ; low rent
and eood paytng bant new; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20V, Kearny st.
A— A. STENBERG CO.. 033 Mnrket et. "
Ll^t your f-tores.
City ar»l ( <,untry Real Estate,
or «ny kind of business with us.
We can ffll for cn*h
IJjve buyers wtltiniit !."!!!!.!!!!
R30 — Branch bakery; bargain. "
MSt — <':rar rtore; Kfarnr rt.
\"-y^''' n ~ l ' rncnr J «'-'•: Western Addition.
A. BTENBEUG CO., S25 Market et. Phone
Fojsom IUZ.
A-JWk RESTAURANT einre to Government
wjiarf: rr.om« uj«talrr: owner T year* there-
rcceiptu avrrsge Z21: ir.ea)* ZZc; fine place for I
man «n<3 wife. STEXBERG CO.. SS5 Market. !
A-K00 fJM tJOO !
Laundry Route '
Fine horse find wya; will bear invstlta- >
tlon; trial given. fTEXBEBQ CO.. 935 Mkt.
jroOO-RHFTAfRANT a^a 7^i7; i^osi-rou* |
town near tbe city; bargain; part cash If <ie- I
«r<*l; Mhrr busir.osy caun" of sale Mc-
IAUCHUS & <X)..-ft?»fc_«arHet Et |
jr-0— BI.TCHER markM: ~«ctablt«n»d K yean.- !
Ma?keV K el tIOn - McLAt -* r '»W-^ & <*>-. 577^1
SCO-REST AUP.ANT: narthTfllarket ft ; bar-
caln; stoIji* to Cape Nome cause of nl«
McLAVGHUN A CO.. T77H Market "t.
f7W 7 SAI « J^ >X V-X' >: ' r !T <5^par7uri""caus» of f
*»!<-. Mclaughlin & co.. ttth Mark-t. J
Sr-O-RUTTEH. rr,s and provTrlon rout«^*hors7~ !
bargain. JJcLauirU!:) & Co.. TTT^i Mkt! j
A rWTamr.Tptf^- , 1
TOO HAVC FOR BJUUE !
YTITH MS; I CAN BELL IT M
FOR CASH. DECKER. Ug> Market rt. j
A— RESTAURANT yr >" FfiLK ~~~ '
STOCKTON AND flrFAURKLL I
Cost tao(L price HiO—
DECKER. !'.C0 Market st. 1
J5W .PAOTXCB wanted tn oI<S-«?Ktab::«!i«'d first- «
class, profitable ofT.ce burln«ss> with a well- ;
known burincw rr.an: dutlw ?-tidily acquired. I
' California Jr. vwtm*Tit Co.. til Mnrket st.
>_ JV-*; REThTAirRANT «n country; bent town !
on the eoart: poor h«-»Ith; cir*r^d $5«X» in 2 ¦
years. KREDO & DDTTON, SS Geary st. <
JTi>0 — HOME bcr«ry &r.d rett&urant; fuited fcr ¦
a rrertlrftl baker with fum'.ly: established '
burlne?*. KREIX) & DUTTON. St Geary et.
3J2Z—<:iGAH rtor* with laar.Srv office and club- !
room; no^xl trade; cheap at t200. Pacific Busi-
ness Exchange, 1C16 Market ft. . •
CORNER H1MM9 is3 liar; fine location: cause,
r.!. I;r.r>-> : itfu-yaln. Cowing & Co.. 71» Market. |
pj\KTNI3H not erver 30 year* old in mariurac-
turtnfT ba^tnT^; rs^w on the coast; ?3iO re- :
qulrt-a. Co» 3335. Call bface. •
cnST tpec r ' n Xearr.y: old r«t«blishe<l: pood :
'»V»rfc- «j!>ily run: half profit*; expenses iow; '.
only 2 In my. <U K>arsy ,t. (
1 p ii t f chance; 15.000 shsres of treasury
•«<rtrk ft 3«" \*r chare; -payable Installments .
ft £ i£r month. Cert** Go'.d Mining Com- ¦
panv. 207 Pansor.ie «t.. rcKvms x and o •
7 r~?-- nAltnKR shop: must be sold at. once:
iio¥ £ hop; e aad|rlre 8 : food work; Email
•tock etc**. ZZ2 Euan et. ,
BUSINESS CHASCES CONTINUED.
$€15— NOTIONS, school supplies, candy, bread
and milk; comfortable living rooms; cheap
1 rent: best part of city. LANE & CO.. fc6i
Market Et.
\2~l<— BRANCH bakery; nice living rooms;
cheap rent; poor health. LANE &. CO.. SGo
Market Et_
$1EOO— STATIONERY", school supplies, cigars
and candy; large stock; on principal street;
established for years; living rooms. LANE &
CO.. £K Markft st. t .
$750— BAKERY and delicacy: elegant fixtures:
pleasant It vine rooms; with furniture If de-
Gired; a snail. LANE & CO.. S63 Market st.
J£i0— PARTNT-U in stationery, candy, notion
and cignr store, with billiard parlors and bar-
ber shop; Jliio country town; large stock: fine
business: bargain. LAKE & CO.. SCI Market.
WANTED— Live man and woman agent In
every county: startling book; novelty; good
frailer: exclusive territory; large commission
to responsible perrons. Call or send addressed
nt.-.mpM envelope to Agent, r. 12. 417 Bush.
KERN County o!l lands; a chance to (ret an
interest in 11,000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and pf>t in on the ground floor; these
lands p.re located in the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. .SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
Klt. Kern County, and belong to the OC-
CIDENTAL OIL COMPANY, incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia: stock abso-
lutely non-assespable: Investigation solicited.
D. H. MASTELLKR. Agent,
rtoom S64, Parrott Building. S- F.
FOR sale cheap— Price $75: must be sold by Sat-
urday; flrst-claes fruit store tn fine location;
outside customers; stock and fixtures go;
party polos- to Kurope; 2 living rooms; stable
2 horses; rent $1^. 1217 Scott st.
$3500— LARGEST family resoj-t; f.O miles from
t?. F. ; vaudeville show every Saturday and
Sunday; including house and garden on leased
ground. 2 fine barrooms, bowling alley and
hotel; lateiit improvements. Particulars call
at I-V1I anJ Franklin Bts.; grocery.
JC. r i0fi-An agreeable man as partner wanted In
an old established wholesale and retail wine
and liquor store; should be acquainted In the
business: must have good references; German
preferred. Box 31&9, Call office.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place is entirely covered and con-
tains 2 stalls: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
FOR. sale cheap— Complete outfit for grocery
nnd barroom; store to let; rent cheap: lease;
beat corner in Mission. Northeast corner of
Valley and LKilores sts.
CIO A It stand In prominent location for ac-
count of creditors: apply at once. II. POSE-
NER. of Pcsencr & L«v!n. 106 Pine st.
TO l<--asf— The Wa'.termlre Eelmont Hotel prop-
erty. Address or apply to GEO. O. ROSS,
Belmont.
SALOON doing good business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply at 601
Market St., corner First.
LIQI'OR store dolnp good bar and family trade;
In good locality; great chance. Ml Market et.
NURSERY to lea?e; stock, greenhouse, dwell-
I Ing on rlace: long terms; low rent; Income
first day. S*3 Fortieth St., Oakland.
MOST centrally located corner saloon In city:
doing good busings; reasonable; reason for
Belling, going to Cape Nome. Box 4316. Call.
FOR pale— The Central Hotel In Napa. con-
i tair.lng 30 rooms; central location; price rea-
| soncble. Address R. CUFF, Napa, CaK
FRUIT stand to let: 41S Fourth St.: low rent.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont'gy.
FOR rale cheap — Saloon and family resort. 712
Greenwich Ftrect. between Powell and Mason.
%4^— CORNER rrocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
account ni sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
BAKERY to Jet; fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire 431 Eighth St., upstairs.
1230— SALOON; 2 living rooms; rent $14; going
to None. 636 Third gt.
3-CHAIR shop; paying $30 per week; sell cheap.
.Apply 1342 Market Ft.
$17:— RESTAURANT; worth J400; must be 6cld.
J Inquire Call efflce.
FRUIT and candy store; very reasonable; situ- ;
! ated n«»ar four theaters. Box 1754, Call.
{1000— BUTCHER business : elegant fixtures;
fine trade. Apply at 2133 Mission st.
COFFEE anil tea routes sup;>lled from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Kacramejito ft.
CLAJ*.«IFIKr> advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22 : X> Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has boen established at_JCc.*6 Va-
lencia ?t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
HOTEL and bar; 36 rooms $i:-00
31 rooms on Market St.; only 900
25 rooms on Hush St.; rent $55.... $30
12 rooms on McAllister Ft .- 40O
15 rooras: fine corner: clears tl'iO 1000
16-i n<->m house on Turk st 730
10 rooms on Jones St.; clears $s5 t&0
10 rooms on Mafun St.; payments 430 j
MONEY TO liOAX ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 10C3 Market St.. opp. Fifth. j
A^Jl ROOMS, clears $125. bargain ~f.W
3? rooms, very fin*, profitable $2400 !
20 r.. clears 1130. nice, boarden, bon ton. $PXi0 I
14 r.. highly recommpndeii, !awn, rtnt $40. $.i75 i
T5 r.. J400O. clears $2C0. C7 r.. UZ00. clears tlio |
12 r.. $'«;; rent JCO; clean; clears J54 monthly.
141 f.thT houses; nvH._y to loan.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rm. 1, nr. Call big.
22 ROOMS. fin» furniture $1300
10 rooms. ElMs Ft 3.10
S rooms and Falcon 1400
GO-room hotel. o;t sell 6000
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS, r.C9. !)16 Market.
CORNER ho:i?e; 14 rooms; finely furnished; nil
rented; lease; rent $*5. 219 Grant ave.; call
9 to 1 or aftrr 6 p. m.
Jl«*o— HC ROOMS: all rented: pood location: nr!
Mar'.cet; cent; rent low. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
SS ROOM?: central location; $30 month; a Fnap.
A. M. FPECK & CO.. €67 Market st. ¦>
CORNER house; 3 4 rooms; finely furnished; nil
rented; lease; rf-nt JR5. 21H Grant ave.; call
S to 1 or after C p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXg.
WAGON — Suitable for butcher or milk man.
1230 Broderifk Ft.: paint ehop.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at £32 MlFFiDn Ft.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harneit,
etc.. cheap. EAGA.V & SON. 2117 Mission st.
XEW & 2d-han>1 wagoDs. buggies, carts & har-^"
k nerg. work A- driving horses. 1Sth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRP. MARY EVANS, circle to-day. 2and 8 p.
m.; I0e; bIeo Sat. eve. ; road, daily. 1-42 Sixth.
c7m A YO-STEER S. ~il2vT6ak St.: readings, $f;
time limited; phone Howard 527.
WYLLIE. the Los Am .<-]. * photo medium. 330
£lllii *t.. JO a. m. to S p. m.. Sundays Included.
ATTEND Mr*. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st., rm. 33; admission 10c.
MRP. EVANS, developing bfrclfl to-night. 112
Eighth Ft.
EARLE. 230 Ellis Ft.; stances Pun. and Wed.;
reaillr.prs dally; will lfravr the city June 13.
EVERYBODY FhouM attend Mrr.e. Marquise's
t»«t circle to-night at S o'clock; 10c. 5 Hyde.
GO to Watson, the occult palmist; lucky and
tr-j»: 25c. liSl Market et.. nrar Twelfth.
MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
petlo treatment. 120B Market Ft., rooms 15-16.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, buslnecs
podium, life render: Fitting. Si. 1104 Market.
CL.AIUVOY.WrS.
A- ' ¦' Sits! ITlT PTYim- '"
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATKI> AT 205 TURK
rt.. nay be consulted on all affairs of life;
the will thow you how to overcome your ene-
rr.l's; remove lamily troublet; restore lost af-
fectkn*; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; e^tid stamp for circular
with «>eclal tcnr.n. MRS. DR. CLARK. 203
Turk *t.. near Jones.
MME.LAXOE. the great clairvoyant. tel!s past,
futurs; n»ver fells; has the greatest Egyptian
rrrr't; *h<iws picture future hueband or wife;
fee 25c and up; «atlsfaction to everybody; open
fcunday." 11C7 Market rt.. bet. Tth and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful .clairvoyant, card
reader: born with do'jble veil & second sight;
dlagno'ps diseases with life readings: L. COc;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit., Jl CO. 126 Turk.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Revtr.th St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings, 2Ic; no rl«:i.
CARD reafier and t>almtst removed from 'Ji3
Mission st. to 1M Klxth. room 8.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
Mlreiun st.. r.ear 4th. rm. 3; 23c up; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE. Breat clairvoyant nnd water
roadtr; Oermaii»fl>oketi. 921% Mission, op. Mint.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 23c & CCc. 1H3 Mission.
1I11K. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
• Mttlnya daily . tl2M Sixth Bt. - *¦
MME. RAVENNA r*-2ds life fluently: business
fid vice: name* given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. 8YTULLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
hand'F picturf; 2r<: Indies. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAI'E .\OME.
PARTY owning claim on Glacier Creek (Cape
Nome), wishes to Five good lay to some re-
liable party; 5CC00 taken out in CO days; sick-
ness prevents party returning this summer;
¦ business has to be cloned by Saturday." For
further Information apply to W. L. KEN-
NEDY. 753 Harrieon Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agenry— No charge un-
¦' less successful. -Room 310. .927 Market St.
CARPET HEATIAO AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt.; teL S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet .Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
242-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th et.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
433 Stevenson et.. tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carrot Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gnte ave.: telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. 21 Bylngton St., between
Webster nnd Flllmore, Ellis and O'Farrell.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms. $15. Broad place, off Bush
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln. « ¦' ¦
DEXTISTS. •
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket 6t., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W- WILLIAMSON. .M. P.. Manager.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. C0c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE JV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— ""Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. ?35 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth,-. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
SET off teeth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st.
DOG ITOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for sale by all druggists
or at trie hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice end medicine 75c: city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXI> SEAMSTItESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Slitter st.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.: dresses
made. $3 up; dresses made over; perfeet fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lne. pinking. l"l Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
educational:
THE Pacific Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine, San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (incorporated under
the laws of California^ will open its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
in the evenlne.
Daily clinics, free for the poor, will be held
In the college building, from 9 a. m. to 8:30
p. m.
For particulars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building.
f-lS Howard St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post rt., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES*. the leading business colIege.-723 Mar-
ket et.: life scholarship. $50; includes short-,
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
WANTED— Boy to do office work at Ayres'
Business College, in exchange for tuition.
CALIFORNIA Business College. COS Larkln St.;
the coming school: x thorough; up-to-dnte: all
branches: Dosltions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, astsy, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. 1S64.-
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market,
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by o/flcial reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
i S. F. VETERINARY COLLEOE-Next session
logins June 11: catalogue upon application. ;
! M. L. PANCOART. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
GALLAGHER-TARIt United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeplnjr. Parrott big.; cat'log.
PHOF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1003 M'sslon. above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: mi.deltng.
dVFlRnlnir. carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ledi»s nnd gentlemen. O. SInz, 26 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. fith.
ESIPLOYMB.Vr OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kind help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nfre hPlp. <26 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese •Employme'ht Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. SOGH Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office
Best help. 411T4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED^FEMALb!
WORKING housekeeper by neat, worthy, el-
derly woman: the care of children and entire
work cf small family; no postals; wages $12
Call 2.".0 Tehama st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes any kind of
work few hours dally. Apply at 621 Jessie St..
off Seventh. rt?ar cottage.
A GIRL of 14 wishes to go with a family to'
the country ' to mind children during vaca-
tion. Address box 3156, Call ofllce. •
YOUNG lady would like position as bookkeeper
or to do office work. Box 1755, Call office.
WOMAN wishes a position to work by the
day. 746 Mission st.
"WANTED— Position as housekeeper or sewing
and mending nt home. Call 116 Sixth st.
REFINED German girl desires position for
upstairs work and sewing. " ]30l Buchanan st.
A WOMAN wants work by th<? day, washing
and houswleanlrg, etc. Call 732 Howard fit.
YOUNG colored woman would like a place as
second work arid laundress; $20 to $25. Please
aridress box 43S7, Call oflice.
WORKING housekeeper or seamstress wishes
position; country cr city. 120 Sixth st.
PARTIES wishing nurse by day or week can
¦ find competent one by applying at 403 Turk.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
kct: 200 roomp; 2Cc to $1 00 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; freo bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 22(xT Flllmore.
A BRANCH orflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— JIALE."
POSITIoTHiy^a^nrs^ci^sTirnMhTnlc, " wYtiTlH
years' experience as machine shop foreman
superintendent end erecting heavy and light
machinery; expert at handling men; fair
draughtsman; good business ability; . strictly
te-mpfrate and reliable: good references. Ad-
dress box 3197, Call efflce.
A COMPETENT coachman. C years in one
place. 2 yrars in private family, thoroughly
experienced In every branch, including gar-
dening, wishes permanent place in country
Address box 43S9, Call office. . /
YOUNG man would like to work few hours a
day to clean windows of- stores or to do any
kind of Janitor's or porter's work. Addreea
73') Vermont «t.. or 435A Stevenson St.
A BARBER student wants situation to do
chores morning and evening about hotel or
private house for board; handy man. Ad-
dress box 3132, Call ofllce.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man -about place; sober; not afraid of work"
¦ many years with same employer; b*st refer-
ences. Address LOUIS, SC9 Mission st.
WANTED— Good position by experienced man-
fit her bookkeeper or salesman: good refer-
ences. Addreps box 1756, Call office.
A POSITION wanted b'y an experienced fore-
roan on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming in all Its branches Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN. Call office. Oakland.
MAN and wife ae first-class Janitors In an of-
fice building; best of references. - 11. N , 123
Turk st. ¦¦ i '
SITUATION wanted , by man as gardener
hostler or to do general work around place'
city or. country; reference. Box 4400. CalL '
COACHMAN and general man by steady, I re-
liable Englishman; best of references. Ad-'
dress 1104 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A NO.»1 teamster would like to get 8 or 6-
norse team to drive; • mountains f preferred.
Box 4365. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
V alencla et.
OPTICIANS.
GEORGE TlIAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. 50c. Phone Mint 257..
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
BOND redemDtlon.— To whom It may concern:
In accordance with law notice is hereby given
by the Slate of Utah, Successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2. 1900, it will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay in full
principal and interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
Issue- of three hundred negotiable • Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
ore dated July first, 1830, and payable twenty
years from date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
. bered from one to three hundred, both Inclu-
sive. The amount of money In the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal is. three
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the accrued interest to July second, 1900.
and any and all of said bonds not so pre-
sented for payment- on the second day of July,
1900. will cease to draw interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
whene\-er presented.
All persons interested In said bonds will
take due notice hereof and govern them-
eelves accordingly.
¦ (Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the Btate of Utah.
Dated June first. 1900. '
FLATS TO LET.
A-S-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
ALL bright flats. 4 and S rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento pt., below Mason. i
A NEW upper flat of five rooms and bath.
133 Olive ave.. nr. Van Ness.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard: lso flat 6
.rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second st. |
FINE sunny fiat, 3 large rooms; bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
FIVE rooms and bath; yard; upper flat, sunny
corner; rent fll. 114 Sun Jose ave.
HA1GHT. 459, near Flllmore— Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry: 112.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms, recently painted and
papered; on the north side of McAllister St.;
No. 1902; rent $16.
NEW modern Bunny, fiats; bath, yard, base-
ment: 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1031. 1935 O'Farrell.
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms; 413 Lily ave.;
rent $10. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
$8— UPPER flat, 236 Harriet St.; $7. lower flat,
244^4 Harriet st., near Sixth and Harrison.
$12— COTTAGE of S rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. Apply 2524 California st.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath. . 1713 Leavenworth »t.
FLATS TO LET — FUUXISIIED.
greatT^argainI ~~
Furnishings of brand-new 6-room flat for sale;
Hyde and Sutter sts. ; Brussels carpets, brass
beds, mahogany and blrdseye maple furniture;
rent of flat $40. Inquire II. J. MOORE, 1039
Market st.
KUItXITURE KOIl SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 ranrc. Klne Furnltnro Co.. 1127-1131 Mqrket.
Fl'IlMTUItU WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773~MUsIon St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W.~E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission;* tel. Itod 3351.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
• 10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP IVAXTED-FEMALE. '
cTr.^IANSEN
4 waitresses, first-class resort, $20; pantry
girl, same place, free fare both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... pllb^if GRANT 1S3
HOTEL" DEPARTMENT ."..
bead waitress, summer resort, $25 to $40; head
waitress, country, $30; head waitress, city.
$25; 2 waitresses, city, $20; restaurant wait-
ress, J7 Wfek; 3 chambermaids to wait din-
ner, $20; waitress and chambermaid to watt,
new hotel. Vallejo, 120 each; 21 waitresses,
commercial hotels, $20; woman cook, summer
resort, $40; see party here.
* FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish cook and laundress, San Rafael, see
party here, $23; ntJrseglrl, 1 springs, $12; work-
ing housekeeper, city, $20; nursegirl, Mill
Valley, $20; ranch cook. $23, Newman, fare
paid S cook and second girl, city, $45; cook for
men for Vallejo, $25; 6 German girls, city.
$20. and others. C. R.. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, resort, short distance. $30; 6
lro.iers, city and country laundries. $30 and
$35 and board; pastry cook for restaurant,
$40; cook and wife, $80: second girl, country,
$25; cook and nursegirl, same house, country,
$23 and $20; cook and helper, small hotel,
country, $40; 5 chambermaids, wait 1 meal,
private boarding-houses, city, $20 and $25; 2
French nurses. $1S and $20; a large number of
girls for general housework, city and country,
$20. $23 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT,
316 Sutter st.
A NURSE, country, $1 per day; one willing to
do housework. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, institution across the bay, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, Palo Alto, $20; must
know how to sew well. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLA.SS cook and second girl, ' same
house; 2 In family; Americans; - short dis-
tance. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st.
WANTED- 200 women to work on fruit. Apply
Immediately U. S. Fruit Packing Co., Har-
rison ave., between Seventh and Eighth sts.,
off Folsom.
REFINED girl for light s<>cond work and to
take care of child 6 years old. Apply between
» and 12 o'clock this morning at 2203 Bu-
- chanan st.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— Gorman or Swedish girl; country;
plain cooking, general housework; $20. In-
(julre at 412H Post. St.. city.
GIRL for general housework; small American
family; wages $20. Call after 9 o'clock at
719 Cole Bt
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework and
cire children. Apply 3131 Twenty-second st.-,
bet. Mission and Howard.
GOOD finisher on uhlrts. American Shirt Fac-
tory, 1CC8 Market, Hotel St. Nicholas bldg. -
WANTED — A lady cornetlst for concert work.
¦ Address box 3133. Call office.
GOOD competent girl to assist In care of chll-
drcn. Call between 9 and 10 at 2306 Union st.
STRONG woman wanted to help In kitchen.
60S Seventh st.
REFINED, quiet girl, 12 or 14, to assist in care
of 2 children. Call at 800 Devlsadero St.
GIRL to do general housework and assist In
bakery. 2952 Mission st., near Twenty-flxth.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
plain cooking. 162J Geary st. . .
GIRL, German preferred, for housework; sleep
home;. call 9^a. m. 1053 Market St., upstairs.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
838 O'Farrell st. '
WANTED — I 'In In cook:, wages $12 per month
and found. Dew<»y ¦ House, '¦ 32 East Bt. •
GIRL who urWerstanus how to make sheepskin
gloves throughout. .431 Fulton st.
WANTED— Nice young girl to do - general
housework. 516 Hayes St. . -• ¦
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; good home;
wages moderate. 312 Sanchez st.
WANTED- Two experienced waitresses. Apply
,123 Eddy St.. United States Hotel.
WANTED— Young girl to tajte care of a child.
Inquire S23 Jacksoj Bt. ;.;•¦" i
GIRL to assist < In light housework. In small ;
family. Call 3434 Twenty-second st. Thursday
WANTED— Woman with : a child; working
housekpr in country. Box 61, Redwood City. -
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
: S44 Halght st.
WANTED — Finisher on pants; also apprentices., j
106 Battery Bt. . . . . ._¦ , -
WANTED— Experienced neckwear makers and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON. 513 Market.
1
WANTED— A good Ironer at: 733 Golden Gate
avenue. .
WANTED— A woman to visit small towns In !
Central California for wholesale house. Box
<292.' Call Office. '
HELP WASTED— FEMALE. .
GIRLS. GIRLS. I ~~ GIRLS?
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
WANTED— First-class ¦ talloress on custom
pants. Box 4393, Call office.
YOUNG glr\; country; light second work. Call
office Hotel Pleasanton, Friday, 10 a.m.
TAILORESS. good pants finisher; best wages
paid. 5% Kearny st., room 16, ton floor.
WANTED— A first-class tinlsher on pants.
229 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hand on ladles' work; one
who can do operating preferred. 2302 Howard.
YOUNG girl to look after S-year-old baby;
wages, $6. 117A Baatlett st.
WANTED- Dressmaker. JOE ROSENBERG,
11 O'Farrellst.
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 124 West Fourth
st., Los Angeles, Cal. . -
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
WANTED—A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis Et. ¦
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8V4 Antonio st.,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. oft Jones.
CLASSIFIED advertisements And subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore sL
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A— COOPER, $3 day; woodworker, $2 50 day; 4
laborers for mine company, fare 50c, $50 and
found; 12 single-hand miners, fare $2 50, $60
and found: coal miners; hard rock miners,
drillers rockmen
harnmersmen $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 5S43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of California, Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon. 6456 MEN
FREE FARE and office fee $1 and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:30
¦ p. m., for the S. P. R. R.. laborers and team-
sters. $2 day. FREE FARE
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers, $2 day and found: 2S9
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men, etc.. $125. $150, $2 day
and found. COME AND PEE
¦ ...STABLES, VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS...
GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $33,
$S0.-$25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $3" ( . $30. $26
nnd found ;-& gardeners, 1 stableman, all for ,
private families, $30, $25, $20 and found.
COME. SEE :
CHERRY FRUIT BERRY PICKERS
DO men and boys for different parts of the
country to pick all kinds of fruits and berries.
good wages, office fee $1
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different- places. 133, $30 and
found: 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent Jobs. $35 and $40 ami found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 33 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
EC3 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found...
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, fang edgermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
pawmills. woods, etc.. $80. $73. $90. «20, $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found; £84 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 60, $2. $1 CO, $1 and 75c. cord; shingle
Jointer; shingle packer
MECHANICAL HELP
blacksmiths for a large company, $3 to $3 50
day, free fare; man handy with tools, city
Job, $2 day; 19 blacksmiths and horsesboers.
$2 60 a day, $70, $45, $35 and found; also 5
helpers, $12 week, $35 and found; D woodwork-
ers, carriage makers, $3, $2 50 day, $40 and
found
carriage and wagon painter, $40 and found;
carpenter for ranch
..8. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIO WAGES
85 laborers for mlnrB, no experience -equlred.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $4S per month and
found: 29 miners, single-hand $90 and $75
....CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
,... FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, t34 and
found; 6 men anil wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
305 laborers nnd teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for Pan Franctsco. $3.
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
FREE FARE TO NEVADA STATE
50 laborers, no experience required, good
wages, oftlce fee $1
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Fre« Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C36 Clay st.
A-COOKS BAKERS ?...WAITERS
head waiter, ICO. fare paid; butcher, $50;
5 bakers, city and country shops... $40 and $50
S5 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boanlkng-
housew, ranches, etc. $35 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $35 anil found
porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' helpers,
$30, J3S. $23 and four/1; washer, country laun-
dry. $30 and found; barber to run country
shop: i«orter and watchman, country hotel;
tailor. Institution. $25 and found; cook for
lumber company, ?60 and round. MURRAY
6 READY, C34-636 Clay fit.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work In packing and drying- houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc. j wages $26 per month and
found; steady Job year around if you Are will-
- ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you ¦
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits, $15 to $30 and found: 4 boys to work In
a factory, $3 to $5 a week. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A — COOK for a club. $50 and found; 5 bakers.
Eome fare paid. $50. $45, $35, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St. .
A— 10 CROSSCUT sawyers, $40 found; 6 Italian
laborers, $43; 10 swamperH, $35 and found;
fruit plclfera and cherry pickers, $23 and $30
and found
VERY IMPORTANT
cook, $50; also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
men for factories, foundries: polisher, help to
starch, $3!> found, country laundry; 16 labor-
ers for a mine. $60; 12 muckers for a mine, $G0.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK. ....HERE.... ANY ....HANDY... .MEN
Cars fill this Job, 25 laborers, handy with
tools, to build Hume, $30 to $40 and found: no
• tools needed; company supplies tools. MUR-
RAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
.... WANTED FOR RAILROAD WORK ....
For the S. P. R. R. Co.... Free Fare
60 men for track quarry $2 a day
CO men for ballasting $2 a day
CO men for rock gaiiK t^ a day
Board $4 50 a ' week
Free Fare Free Fare
100 teamstera .....$2 a day
100 rock laborers ..$2 a day
For the Coast Railroad Free Fare
Fcr the -woods See boss here
Spool tenders, $43 to $13; woodsmen, $35 to $43
and found; 30 laborers for railroad in the
woods, $26 and found; special rates of fare..
C stonecuttera and setters, country, $4 a day:
blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day; ranch
blacksmiths, $33 and $45; harnessmaker,
ranch, $30 ¦ and found; blacksmith's helper,
country, 130; 10 quartz miners. $2 £0 a day:
6 muckers, $2 a clay; 20 farmers, J26 and
board; man and wife, private place, $40; sta-
bleman, resort, $20
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and hflper. country hotel, $35 and $25;
cook and wife, waitress, country restaurant,
| $70. se-3 party here; cook, country restaurant.
$50: ccok, country hotel. $45: third cook,
springs, $20; 10 second and third cooks and
broilers, $35, $40, $30 and $60; third cook coun-
tf\v hotel, $33; second baker, country hotel,
$30; 3 bakers, country shops, $40 to J50
Neat young bartender. $40; bell boy. $15; boy
for doctor's oftlce. $15; 10 waiters, J23 and $30
Man and .wife to run laundry at a springs
hotel: marker and distributor, country laun-
dry. $2 a day —
-Dishwasher, springs, $23 and fare advanced;
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, city and
country. *20. $23. and $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 1C4 Geary st. ¦
RESTAURANT baiter and pastry cook, $10;
cook for steamer, $45; 4 boarding house cooks,
$33 and $40: 2 ranch cooks, $17 and <30; hotel
' cook, $43; . broiler, $30; socond baker, country
ehop. J35 and found: 10 restaurant cooks for
'small places. $7 to $10 week; waiter, country
restaurant, $30 and found; hotel waitress. $25;
dishwashers, potwashers and others. J. F
CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento rt.
EOOTBLACK and porter; married mill car-
penter, $45 and found, steady Job; 3 black-
pmltha. . IS to $4; blacksmith's helper. no
shceinif, $2 25 day: wheelwright for ranch. $35
and board; boy for machine shop, $4 week-
machinist for country,, $3 day: 8 miners- 2
muckers, SO woodsmen, $30. $35 and $10 and
found, fare -advanced; 10 laborers for Sono-
ma County, J30 and $35 and board; laborers for
city. $40 and board: 20 railroad laborers, free"
fare; 20 farmers. / $25, ?3rt and $35; stableman -
• chcremen for ranch. $30; man about plac*'
$20; man and .wife,, private. family, $40; horse^
shoer, $13 week; teamsters. $1 50 and $2 day
"nnd many others. J F. CROSETT Agency 62s
.'Sacramento st. .-> . •-¦-.. ;-¦. .
SALESMEN, especially : those visiting groce-g
can earn;$73 monthly nelllnj Climax Baking
Powder,, side line.. Call r. 4, 218 California.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— For Honolulu, free fare both ways,
5 stone cutters and setters. $3 50 day; head
stonecutter. $5 a day; see boss here
For large ranch, stableman, racing stock. $30;
blacksmith's helper. $30
For brickyard. 10 hands, $30 and board ; plain
carpenter, $20 and board
Sonoma 'Co.. dairyman, large ranch, $23
Blacksmith, country shop. $30 and found;
camp cook. $30; woodsman, near city. $30;
milker. Oakland. $32 50.;
Haying hands, farmers, milkers and 100 oth-
era. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at.
GARDENER, country. $20: a man to work on
a ranch, Ben Lomond, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. g
MAN and wlfp, ranch. good place. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
COOK and helper, mining town, $63; fare here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
WANTF.D— First-class machinists. UNION
GAS ENGINE CO.. 244 First St.. city.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted at Foun-
tain Cafe Coffee Saloon. 22 California St.; call
after 6 a. m. •¦.'¦W
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman for light work. 484
Linden ave., bet. Octavla and Laguna; up-
stairs.
WANTED— Active young man to work on
dairy and drive milk wagon In Oakland. Box
3191, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Second cook; one who understands
pastry preferred; also kitchen helper. Apply
123 Eddy St.. United States Hotel.
WANTED— A cood barber, young or middle. !
aged man to take charge of shop. Corner :
Thirtieth st. and San Jose ave.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wajses $3.
<.07^s Montgomery ave.
BARBER for Saturday. S9 Third St., wages $3.
BARBER wanted for evenings and Saturdays
and Sundays: steady; good wages. 611 Castro.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday: wages.
10.*. Fourth st.
BARBERS— Wanted. 2 good barbers at 797
Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 533 Va-
lencla £t.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages J6.
15J1 Market et.
2 BARBERS. Saturday and Sunday: $3 each.
407 Bush st.
WANTED— Barber with 1 year's experience.
Apply at 131 Valencia st.
WANTED— Four barbers at the Ocean Bath,
17 Taylor st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
•1C48 Mission.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. SAM
WITT. 2013 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
3-CHAIR 15c barber shop; principal street of
San Jose. Apply W. C. B.. 2105 Jones it., S.F.
BARBERS— 2 barber chairs and 2 poles for sale
cht-ap; a bargain. Call at 406 Geary Bt.
A 2-CHAIR 15c barber shop; north of Market
st ; for sale at a sacrifice; rent $5. Inquire
at 11. BANARD'S, 104 Seventh St.
WANTED— To-day, two first-class cake bakers.
38 Fourth st.
A COATMAKER. San Jose Woolen Mills. San
Jose, Cal.
A GOOD all-around tailor, at 1713 Ocean ave.
WANTED— Large boy to brush clothes; $3 a
week. 14 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG man as porter; German preferred;
saloon. 10S3 Market st.
? i .
BOOTBLACK for short hour barber shoD, at
20^2 California st., near Drumm.
BEDMAKER wanted. 32 East St.. The Dewey.
GOOD tailor on coats; steady work; $15 a
week; also pressman. 1354 Natoma. st.
BOY for bakery; must have some experience;
$20 month, board, room. 3023 Sacramento st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 2ic to
50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
DISHWASHER wanted; must. carry tray. 37
Eddy -gt. I
DISHWASHER wanted at 21S Mason Bt. be-
fore 6 o'clock; wages $25 month.
BEAR hunters and trappers to winter In
Arctic; apply at once. 618 Third st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. 322 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
ELDERLY man to do chores Ground a bakery.
IW Fclsom st.
'WANTED— A woodworker, at 437 Francisco st.
CATHOLIC young man for grocery store; old
country experience. Address box 3190. CaJl.
WANTED— Butcher for Friday and Saturday.
Apply at once, 1523 Park st.. Alameda.
EXPERIENCED elevator boy at 31- Stockton
St.; $10 a month.
WANTED— A first-class dishwasher: call early.
105 California Market. -California Restaurant.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be cltlzensvof the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.. or
530 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S
q^ay st. .
SOBER, reliable man cook on Sausallto ferry-
boat: steady Job; wages $40. Apply to J. D.
, NIELD at Sausallto ferry.
TWO cood men familiar with sheetlron work
and lathe work wanted at once. WALTZ
SAFE CO.. 10*-lll Market St.
FIKST-CLASS blacksmith; also a helper. Ap-
ply at 1522 San Bruno ave.
WANTED— Underpresser on custom pants. 641
Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d 8ts.
YOUNG man to drive wagon who understands
a little about cutting meat. 1928 Hyde st.
WANTED — Man to be generally useful around
kitchen. Hotel Repeller, 781 Sutter St.
SMART man to solicit; steady work; good
wastes. 316 Market St., room 42. 9 to 12.
WANTED — Elderly man to pick fruit and clean
up bakery. Ill Larkln st.
WANTED— Strong steady boy who wants to
learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkln «t.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdresslne at S
F. Barber School. 741 A Howarl st.
WANTED-A good lively solicitor; big money
136 Ellis St. *
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order $1 per week at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring 'Co.. 115 Kearny.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.'
WANTED-Ln borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third it.; 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night: $l to $2 per week.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer- 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
W J^ C^ STER HoteI - u Thlr 1 «•• near Mar-
Kf t: 70 ° '°° ras - 25c night: reading room- free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINUELL House, comer Sixth # nd Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED sdvertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
*"nci« rl ?" On " h " *•** " tabIlsh "d T« ?M Va?
UORSES, LIVE^T^iC L Etc---For Sale
40 HORSES for. sale; also wagons buggies
" !i«h r £ e8 "- G »7 and Arcade Horse Mfrke?!
M'tiiviv 1 i«. S£ii? n " ales every Wednesday.
SULLHAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
F n««- a ™, C^ ei J£~ G< ? 0<1 h0r8e - wagon and h«r-
1217 sco\" 8 st by Saturdav : P flcc W 0 -
CJ $ R \f >A T&Z% 1 £gJ lorses ' 'weighing 12C0 to 1500.
J- I>. .FORRESTER, salesman. 1636 Mission.
H ?r.A?« S r T ? u . n * t wel1 b roken. for all purposes.
, cheap; beat In city. 721 Howard at. nr. Third.
F 2J*.f a1^- 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
CI r^ A1^F ST and bes * >n Amerlca-The Weekly
h aI '; i 6 Pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for JL
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for' cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE, 720 — Four larffe sunny rooms, or 3;
bath, gas, yard, garden and laundry.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXIS 1IED.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van. Ness ave.— 10-
room house, completely furnished.
HOUSES WA.VTED.
3 ADULTS wish house for care of same during
summer: references. Box 43S5. Call office.
LOST AXD 'FOU.\D.
LOST— blainond%olltaire. l^i karat, bet. Nine"-
teenth st. and Alcazar Theater. 3450 Nine-
teenth st.; reward.
LOST— Child's sold bead necklace with heart-
shaped locket, marked E. M. N. Reward. *33
Pine «t.
LOST— A irold buckle, valued a» keepsake. Re-
turn to 1S33^ Mission st. : reward. ,
LOST— 3-stone diamond ring. Hoffman Hous«
Cafe washroom; very liberal reward on coxn-
munlcatlon. Box 4399. Call office.
LOST — Pocket memorandum book containing
milk accts. Return 9 Otega ave.; lib. reward.
NOTEBOOK lost, containing the name of B.
E. WILHITE In each note It contains. Finder
leave at 1045 Market »t.. Tosemita House.
and receive reward.
MEDICAL.
DR - O-. W. C DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands cf
cases. successfully; treatment can b» used at
, n °» m f : ,?° n8ultatlon free - Writ* or call at
1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure Jo; have treated thousands of cases with
success; lo years' practice In S F • maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.'. near tth.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 23 yr*.
practice; home iu confinement; treatment at
office, 13; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $3; consultation free
and confidential. 446 Eddy. bet. Leavenworth
and Hyde; hours 9 to 5. Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; lato
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
Dr. James Pierce. 263 O'Farrell. rooms 2 and 3
Female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
T. S.— DR. "WISE & CO., the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market st.; every case guaranteed: 15 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. "WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dlH
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery, lie.
INTOSH & WOUPMAX. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; wa always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission «t.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — One 8-horsepower portable horizon-
tal engine and boiler; one 8-horsepower steam
engine, horizontal; one 3-horsepower centri-
fugal Krogh pump; one lH-horsepower centri-
fugal Krogh pump; all In gocd order; for sale
cheap. Address Napa Machine Works, WM.
J. LENDOW. Prop.. Napa. CaL
THE UNIVERSAL *~
PRISMATIC
SKYLIGHT
REFLECTORS.
A new and excellent device for throwing day-
light Into dark rooms through windows; tho
best In the market. W. HOLT. Bole axent,
room 8, Flood building: telephone Davis 741.
FOR SALE— Fresh cow, 4 years old; milks C
gallons per day; also good horse, 6 years old.
Apply JOHN McNAMEE. Lincoln ave.. Fruit-
vale Helzbts, Alameda County.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 oi>. BACIGALUPI.
831 Market St., San FrancUco.
A-J3 50 "DERBY and Kedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st., near Pine.
PORTABLE -nglnes, bollera; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PEDIGREED bull puppies for sale; aga 2
months. 829 Howard st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof cafe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump; S-in.
i steam, &-In. water. H. S. WHITE. ilS Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
FULL line cameras and photo supp'ies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxwlo suits for t2 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
CASH registers of every description for saia
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and 10th.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM, 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and lire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sl2es. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-1H Market it.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— A bitch In milk, having whelped
since May 23: will pay S3 for one month'*
lease. Apply J. M. HALTON. Pasha Kennels.
Colma.
OLD sewing machines taken In exchange for
new. Address box 3133, Call office.
SECOND-HAND. large size billiard or pool
table. Address box 1753. Call office.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a few nlc«
diamonds. Box 4319. Call.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room G03. Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wnere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room is. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
Bt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third at.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J- HESTHAU » sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low ra tes: confidential.
¦BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9 respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis S3j.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service- money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
88 and *6D. Donohoe bulling. 1170 Market St.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H Per cent; also
loans W salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis «t.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. mi. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 CaUf.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bUr.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lnilor«er. MORRELL. 6CO Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your iroperty Is mortgaged and you nee<J
more money see II. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lmlorser.
g. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL 1XSTKU.MEXTS.
BARGAINS of all krn^^o^day^tMAUVAId/
789 Market lit.
WE always Bell at low prices, but during June
we offer special bargains to every one; larg?
stock, best quality. MAUVAI3. 7G3 Market.
DECKER & SON. Packard. Boothe Bros, anil
Arlington are the pianos we offer as the best
and cheapest. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st.
BARGAINS-A few pianos will b* sold thU
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
GOOD upright piano, full tone, fine quality.
$100. Room 12. Flood bulldlns.
ORGAN-Powerful reed or small pipe orsaa
wanted; state particular*. Box C34. CiXl.
SAX FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Cull, comer of Market and Third streets, open
ur-Ml Ii o' clock <«very nictit !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CC7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; opon until 9:30 rv tn.
r.'V) Ha y«*s rtr?et; open until 8:29 p. m.
(Zi McAllister etreet; cj*n until 8:S0 p. in.
Co Larkin etrort; open until 9:30 p. m.
INI Mission street; open unt'.l 10 p. rn.
"Cl Missies etrect, ccrrer Sixteenth; cpea un-
til 9 p. in.
I0S Eleventh rtreet: open until S p. rn.
IC5>6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. ra.
Norihwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrcets; f>x*pn until 9 p. in.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mabillan "W r . and Elizabeth J. McMillan to
Celeetlne C. Rowe (wife of Henry), lot on N
line of Frederick street, 281:3 E of Stanyan, E
25 by N 100; $10.
James B. - Bocarde to Georeina J. Bocarde.
lot on S line of Waller street, 23 E of Car
mf li tit. E 24 by S 90, block 3. Marion Tract
(hospital lots); gift. ••
Frederick H. or Fred H. Perley to Emllie L.
Perley (Miller), lot on SE corner of Howard
and Fourteenth streets. S SO by B 95; gift.
Joseph A. and Elizabeth Oliver to Louis Rel
mers, lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 210
W of Church, N 144:1054, NW 25:6, S 150 E
25: ?10. «-^S9W< --
Lizzie Carr.to George II. Lent, - lot - on' SE
corner of Twenty-fifth and Guerrero streets,
E 125. W 125, N 2:5, quitclaim deed; $10.
Katherlne A. and Thomas W. Rivers to John
E. Hill, lot on N line of Valley street. ISO E
of Diamond. E 25 by N 114; |10.
Ellen A. and Isaac T, Milliken to Albert E.
Milllken, lot on S line of Duncan street, 152:8
W of Diamond. -W 60:11 by S 114; gift.
-Same to Jessie MllHken, lot en Twenty-eighth
rtreet, 101:9 W of Diamond, W 50:llby N 114;
gift. . . •.'.• -
McClellan Gllmore 'to Madeline Gilmore. lot
on E line of Homestead street. 110 S of Twenty
fourth. S 25 by E 125; gift.
L. H. and LUzle Sly to Hartland Lnw. lot
on S line of KUIr street, 110 K of Jones, sK
27:S by S 137:6; $10.
Emma Thompson to -David E., Ann M. nnd
Martha Thompson, lot on NB corner of Pine
and Leavcnworth; B SO by N 60; also lot on
N line of California street. 45:10 E of Davis.
E 45:10 by N 6S:9; also lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 67:6 W of Sansome, W 40 by
N SO; $5.
Leah and Philip Meyer and Henrietta M.
Davis to Robert Dalzlel. lot, on NW line of
Mission street, 6S NE of New Anthony. NE
45, NW 1S7:8, SW 22. SE 60, SW 1. SE 23:9.
SW 22, SE 1(13:9; *10. • :•¦
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
L. Patton, lot on Wyf'ne of Utah street, 100 N
of Santa Clara. N 25 by W 100: J . •
William Vosburgh to George I». Heinen, lot on
SE corner of Twenty-first avenue and Clement
street, E 90 by S 100; MO. -^ t
A B.- Hunt, to Frederick E. Harmon, lot on
E line of Thirteenth avenue. ' 175 S of K street,
S 25 by E 120; $350.
-William and Elizabeth Hickn to Home Build
ing Company, lot 35, block 41, Sunnyslde: $10,
Same to same, lot 4, block 21, same; J10. «*jKs!
Marcaret I^lndsay to \Varren P. Smith, lot on
NE line of Brasll street, 75 SE of London, SE
60 by NE 100. block 13. Excelsior Homestead;
no. - : . *• .¦
Builders' Contracts.
John Echroeder (owner) - with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects rMartens & I Coffey— AH
work except draining, plumbing, jrasflttlng,
tiling, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a
one-story frame residence • on W* line of Shot
well street. 260 N. of Twenty-sixth, - N 32:6 by
W 115. Mission block 1S1: 52650.
II Dettllns ¦ (owner) with C. P. Moore (eon
tractor), architect ' Xathanlel .. Blalsdell — All
work except trimming hardware, mantels, tll
ingr. '. electrical Vwork, • shades and g-as flxturea
for a two-story frame ¦ building: and stable on
W. line -of .Utah ¦ street, 50 N r of -> Sacramento
(Santa Clara^.N SO by W.100; »:i00. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
L H Clotrsr, N Y
A H Cohn, N Y
I R Cormack & vr, Cal
A B Cohn, Pike
T Harrington & w. Cal
W D Grady. Colusa
W A Doyle. Sn Mateo
B P Barker, Livermore
F C Lusk, Chlco
Mrs J F Kldder. Cal
Miss Kldder. Cal
L A Grant & w, L An
J B MacDoucall & w,
Seattle
R D Vroom. N Y
J Caldwell & w, Ala
J Perkins & w. Seattle
I E Levl. New York
A J Frank, Boston
F Carpenter & w. NY
P J Sorg & w, Ohio
A C Kingsbury & w.Pa
R A Baggaley. Pa
J W Stronr, Nevada
J It Perry, N Y
F B Stone. Chicaeo
E H Walters & w. Neb
J Orange, Hongkong
J Stern, Hongkong
W R Kelley. Anam
D Gllchrist, Penang
T Harrington, Colusa
C G Murphy, -Stanford
H W Meek & w. Cat
R McF Doble. Visalia
II Lecher. San Jose
T O Baker. San Jose
C V Indewlder. Chleae
F A Montelins. Cinn
G Kraft & w. Fiji
J Kraft. Fiji
S Mantner. N T
B N Ward, USM
W G NevJn. Los Ang
A G Wells, Los An*
C C Remelen, Zjs jknz
F B Sutton, Ls An K
J'F Welborn. Denver
C H Hill, Beloit
H G Bond'. Santa Clara
C M Ingraham, Balti
GRAND HOTEL.
J A schupp, Cal
J J Cuppe & w, Sacto
H Todd, Oakland
J C Zuck. Gilroy
J E Brown, Seattle
S A Baxter, Los Ang
F N Nofziger, L Ang
A D Graham, Chgo
H B Chase, Portland
M J Sewell, Cal
C E Currey, Portland
O Brown & w. Cal
Mrs S E Hall, Hanfrd
Mrs Harlow, Hanford
G A Van Brandis, L A
E A Eaglcman, L Ang
A Knaub, Ohio
B F Shepherd Sr. Cal
J O Grim, Sta Cruz
F O Hlln, Santa Cruz
J H demons, Reno
Mrs L \V Heintzelman,
Sacramento i
A Luchesaa, Cambria
H Green, Cambria
H L Smith. Cal
W A Staley, L Ang
E R Lelbert, N* T
C G Bleckenstein, Chg
E F Rowland & dau,
Chicago
F Foster & w. Hanfrd
A H Glasscock, Cal
A J Larson. Lodi
W Ralph; Alvarado
I Bird. Merced
J J Frultt, Cal
DrCL Rugglea, Stktn
h P Warner, Auburn
J B Higglns. Reno '
W G Halstead. Cal
M E McGrath. Denvr
W F Parker & w. L A
W W Priestly, Cal
C Mogk, Colusa
J Howard & -w, Oaklnd
J Donnelly, Tebama
T A Iteilly. London .
V Lee & w, Marlposa
H N Baitman & w, Cal
G C Cohen & son, Cal
J T Kingsley. Chicgo
W G Miller, San Jose
J H Wlchers. Wai Grv
K B Robinson, Iowa
T Moagner. Mass
Mrs B S Thomas &
fam. San Diego
Geo Martin. Los Ang
R B Benjamin, Cedar
Falls
HIS INTERVIEW
WITH FAIRBANK
TRAIN ROBBERS
J. T. Hughes Returns From
Visit Near an Apache
Chiefs Stronghold.
Alvord, Stiles and Bravo Juan, Who
Escaped From Prison, Declare
. They Never Will Be Re-
Alvord said that while he expected to
give himself up he was going to stay with
Stiles and Bravo Juan as Ions as they
were in Arizona and make the tight with
them. They all said they had no fear of
being: taken by the officers. They had
visited Willcox, Dragoon, Pierce, Cochise
and many ranches. Stiles twice visited
his mother at Casa Grande. They all de
clared they would never be taken alive.
They cut the interview short by saying,
"We must be off," then ordered the re
porter and guard to remain there thirty
minutes, then drive four miles south,
under penalty. They tlien dashed out into
the darkness. ¦.'..":
Stiles stated that Wells-Fargo detectives
had promised him $1000 and a secret ser
vice position if he would turn State's evi
dence and implicate the others who par
ticipated in the Cochise train robbery,
but that the officers had failed to carry
out the promise and he was playing for
even when he made the Tombstone jail
delivery. He said he was going to keep
after them. He had no feeling against
anybody except the man who broke his
promise, and would risk his life in getting
even.
The interview Ia3ted an hour. Alvord
declared hi3 innocence and said that ho
would present himself for trial as soon
as he was assured of an immediate trial.
Stiles and Bravo Juan proposed to tight
it out unless certain concessions were
granted. They have no fear of the offi
cers and all are heavily armed. They are
provided with prime mounts and are on
good terms with the cowboys, who keep
them well supplied with food and ammu
nition.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 7.— John T.
Hughes, son of ex-Governor Hughes, has
returned from the foothills of the Rincon
Mountains, east of Tucson, near the
stronghold of Cochlse, the famous Apache
chief. Hughes met by secret appointment
Alvord, Stiles and Bravo Juan, the Co
chise and Fairbank train robbers, who
broke jail two months ago at Tombstone.
CARS RUNNING
ON ONE LINE
IN ST. LOUIS
No Disturbance of Any Kind
Reported During the -
Governor Stephens Receives a Letter
Threatening Him With Death
if He Does Not Call Out
Militia.
Governor Stephens says he has not the
support of th*» press and citizens of St
Louis in his efforts to preserve order and
that these letters are the -natural result
of the constant attacks of the news
papers and others.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 6. 1300.— To Mr.
Stephens. Governor of Missouri. Jefferson City:
If you do not call out the State militia in a
few days you will be shot. Respectfully.
E. EVERMORE.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., June 7.—Gov
ernor Stephens is annoyed by letters re
ceived from St.^Louis, threatening him If
'he does not call out the militia to sup
press streetcar strike riots, and others
threatening him if he does call out the
militia. This morning he received the fol
lowing card:
Aside from the running of night cars on
the Lindell line the past twenty-four
hours have brought out practically no
new developments in the strike situation.
Twenty-five sticks of dynamite were un
earthed by the police to-day.
Five sticks were found buried under the
Eastern avenue car tracks at Easton and
Vandeventer avenues and twenty addi
tional sticks were found in an abandoned
shed at Broadway and Gasconade street,
in the immediate neighborhood of the
power-house of the Southern Electric
Company. The dynamite found on the
Easton avenue tracks had been made into
a bomb and placed under the rail. Had
a car passed over It at the time the con
veyance probably would have been blown
to atoms.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— Cars were run on
one line of the St. Louis Transit system
to-night for the first time since the strike
was declared, j almost a . month ago. In
many quarters It was feared that trouble
would occur as soon as darkness fell, but
at a late hour the Chief of Police had re
ceived no intelligence of the gathering of
crowds along the line operated and no
fracas of any character had been report
ed. The line selected to make the test
is what is known as the Lindell division.
Every car carried a police guard and in
addition the thoroughfares along the en
tire route were patrolled by police officers
and companies of the posse comitatus, the
latter armed v with riot shotguns. As the
Lindell division passes for the most part
through the respectable portion, of the
city, it is not apprehended that trouble
will occur.
Kobbs Acquitted.
SUISUN. June ".—The jury in the case
of Charles Hobbs. charged with the mur
der of Joseph Curran at Vallejo, to-day
brought in a verdlc^of not guilty.
CHICAGO, June ".-Thomas D. Cottrell,
an old and well-known speculator on
the Board of Trade, shot himself In
the head to-day. His brother, Ed
ward Cottrell of New York, who years
ago was one of the heaviest speculators
on the board. Is now in an Insane asylum
near New York. Despondency over Ed
ward Cottrell's condition as well as finan
cial reverses is believed to have been re
sponsible for the attempted suicide. It
is said the bullet wound will prove fatal.
FATALLY SHOOTS HIMSELF.
TJtLl5 sa-jn jurxAjcsUiSC.O CALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 8, 1900.
11
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
McAUOY <fe CO.. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiriJALMERS,
1239 Market et.. between Sth and 9th.
. , Telephone South ; 247.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and » Fifth at. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL5iEH3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannaean & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth Et.. -opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. ,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
colma, San mateo Co.
OFFICE. 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
OCEAN TRAVEIa?
TOYO KISEN KAISfll
STEAMKRS \VILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 d. m.,
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnjr at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carsro received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARX* ...:'".
Thursday. June 14. 1900:
BS. NIPPON MA HU Tuesday. July 10. 1900
SS. -AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freiphi and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nOXOLPlU, APIA
AIXKLAND AND SVDXEV.
i PS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
I land and Australia Wed., June 13, S p. m.'
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, June 27.1900, 2 p. m.
L D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CD., «gts.. M Montcomen
Pier 7. Poat Pacilic $t Frct-I-.-Osi-^. 32? M2rket St
!7AOBIAf> 1 lAII! HATHOU .C500 Tons}
! 8EBAFI8 -4OCO Tons'
Uon'Uly s.-tiling for Valparaiso and Hamburg ,
ria Mexican ports. Central, South. America, etc. [
S.S. Luxor. 6500 tons, sails about June 3.
J.D. SPUEfXII-S k BKOS. rOU l-«l«. 114 M.r.i=o».rr Sti
Fl>r >« 1— • r»lefct nm-», n? M.rtet St..Sa» Fr»» J«/» ~
' BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer VMontlcello." 'f,
MON.. Tuea.. Wed., Thur«. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlKht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and. 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing ar.d office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. ?. Telephone Main KtfS.
FARK 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saus-llto Ferry.
Commencing April J2. ISM.
FROM SA.N FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJLLET I
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, '3:30. 9:30. 11:00 «. m,j i
12:43, *l:45, 3:13, 4:15, '5:15, 6:15, 6:49 p. rn
EXTP.A TRIPS-Por Mill Valley and Saa !
Rafael, en Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdaya j
and Sundays, at 3:CO and H:3S*»p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:03. *S:CO. »3:00. «10:(». 11:00. ll-3» I
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, _•»:«. 5:00, «:00. 7:2» !
p. m.^tMK I
11:00 ». m. does not run to San Rafael Sua- i
days.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln. I
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. 1
WKKK DAYS— 5:35. *J:30. 7:50. 8:40. 'JO:!* «. !
m.: 12:30. 1:1?.. 2:15. '3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m; »
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. ..Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:43 and 10:M p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:i;.»8:00, -S:50. 'lltOOa. m. : -13C0
m.: 1:00. ¦ 1:13. '3:30. 4:30. »5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 19:20 ,
p. m. % i
Trains marked (•) Mart from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:43. 8:C0. 8:55. 10:30 *. )
m.: 12:S5.- 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. i:Z0. 5:?0 p. m. -
EXTRA -IV.IPS on Mondn.-s. Wedneaxlaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and If.tt p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6 JS. 8:05. 10:ii5. 11:10 a. m.; U:ii I
1:20 2:30, 3:45, 4:55. «:15, 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
-f' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C4 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and tray ata- •
tlons.
I 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta- '
tlons. -
6:15 p. m. weekdays. (Saturdays escepted>— J
Point Reyes and way stations.
¦ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sundays — Point lieyea acd way •
•tations.''-* * — j
BAXLBOAD TEAVZL.
. .. . - — -t ¦ — —-—>•¦- ~~~^-- ~— ~ - -r.-»
B4OTRKX7I PACIFIC COnPAST.
(? *cinc iitik.)
Trains !•»*• nn.1 nr« aim to arrlv* ««
NAN Kit 4. >«•!*« «>.
plain Line, Foot of Market Stml)
lxatb — Titoii Mat 13. 1900. — aUWI
•7:00* BenicI*. Soiaan, Elmlr*. VicaviSaw
Ramsey and Kacramento. . ........ •7:13*
•7»QOa Shuu Uxpreas-Diti* Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Wjllows, Ked
Bluff, Portland. *7i43p
•7:3O» MarUuez, Si.. Kaumn,V.UIejo, Nap*.
Callst.g»»n.ls»nt» Kou *Sll»p
•8:00a DstU, Woodland. Kcighu Landing.
Manttilie, <>ro'i:>. «7U3r
•8:00a Atlantic HxprrM-Og-.len aad East *11>I3*
••!:!«•* San Joae. Literniurr. ijtockkou.
lone. Haermmeuto. PlaCFrfillo. '" '
M »r.-*»i!ir. eiiieo. 1U..1 HlulT M>l3p
•*:3O« O»k4ale. Chinese (for YutemiieX
S mura. Carter*. MilSr
•0:0O» Hay «-trui. Niici and Waj Station*. * 1 1: t.1»
•9:«0a Los AafOlef £xprew — Mirtli.oi,
Tricy. Lathio;.. Stockton, Merced
and Fremio *«««3»
•9:aOA Valleju. Marlinei and Way . Station* *Oit»p
•10:00* The Ore-Uuil UiniUd— Ogdea, Deo-
T«r. Oaiaha. CUcm> ' *B>I*f
•1I:OO« NI!-3. LlvsruHH*. Stockton, S»ct«-
menf*. Meudot*. llauford. VU»li».
I'orr.-MiJIe m 4:t*r
•I *:OOm Uarwards. Xilea and Way Station!. "*¦¦ l*r
1 1 :Owr Sacramento Itltcr Sta»moia f3:0U*
•2:OOp Hajwirds, Nilri and Waj SUtSoaa. M: lip
•Iriiiif MmtiiwJ, S»n lUuioti. Vallajo.
Nap*. CalUtnga. Saata itoaa •VilSa
•lionr B-niciv V.'int«ra, ttartaiueiita,
Woo<IIan<l, Knulit* l.audlui.
MarratiU*. Orotllls '10:13a
¦4iSOr Nilej, ftau Jna« aud Stucfttoo *7il3»
•3:OOrTlie Onl Limited— Tracy. Freaao.
BakenflAld. ttangiia for Santa Bar-
bara, Loa ADCsles. ••i*»»
*3:00p Fresno Passenger— Martines, Lath*
rop, Stockton. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yoaemtat), rr-uwn. . •!»: lir
•St30r Kew )rieacf Express — P.akerillaM,
H*ut» ttarbara. Loa Angelea. Dam*
¦ for. El Paso. X«* OU-aus and
Kaat •»««3a
¦3iBOp "anU fa IJoute— Atlantic Eicrttt
for Mnja.e ami Eaat '•tOf
•6iO9p Hay wartia, Nile* and .*ta,a Jo*l »7: |r»»
10:ftor Va!lejo MSiISr
••:o»r Oriental Malt— Ogvlen. Chtyenna.
Oraaha, Chicaffo *lli44 4
••:O0p Oriental Mail— Ofdan, DtnT«t.
Omaha, Chicaco. *4iI8r
17i00p Vallejo. Port Costa anil Way Sta-
tion. 13:33*
•SiOSr Oregon aad Califorula liiprett. Sao-
fauiantu. MarjiKilla. Ue.l.llnj.
rortlaml. Tiif » H.-I...1 »,,A Kaat «•*!»>
COAST PITIX1OS (M«rio.T (iaaje).
___^ (Fact rf MarhetSrroet.)
{7i43a banta Cms Exeuraioo tot Santa
Crux and PrineipaV Way 8Utiona {SiOCr
•SttSa Kawark.C>ntaxTiile.SaaJoa«,rslton.
Boulder Cr-ek.SaulaCrii and Way
Stations ••>«••
t«il3r Newark, Can terTllle. San Jcs« > /Sew
A)m%dan, Felton. itonlJer Craak,
8iu'» Crux aud 1'rinelsal Way
Statloaa fl«iS*a
- "Isl-Tr Newark, Man Joae. Loa Gatoa *St>">«4
q<il3r Glenwood. Feltpp. Santa Crni aStBO*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr.asta raiieisco— rMi «r »«r.«i sumi <su» d—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0O*.M. |i:3 •233 t3>9Q
•i:C3 13:53 •»:33r.ii.
ri«aOiiuii— rm«r Brui *>v.->*8;oa 8.00 io:oo».«.
tl2:C3 M:C3 t»C3 M:C3 U'.ii 'l:03r.n.
COAST I>ITISIO5 (nroait (langa).
(Third nnd Tonnaemt Sts.)
t«:IWa. Ocean Viaw. South 8aa Frandseo.. (*>*•»
t?:OOA Uau Jnn ami Way Stations (New
Alinadan Wednesdays only) •liSSy
t7t3«A Sunday ExeursioD for Saa Jess.
8ant* Craz. Pacific Grot* ana
Principal Way Stations ;«i33»
•»>«O* Ran Jon. Trra Vim.. »ant» Cm,
Paeitie <Jro»«. Tano ICnblea, Mau
Luis OhUpo, hut!, Loicpoc aud
rrincipal Way Stallnns 'l:IO r
•Iwi4«a Sao J..-e ami Way Htatlant •Itx-I*
•IllSO* SanJo«e,LoaGat<K>.it<!WaySUtlona *3:30p
t'4: ISp San Mttra. K.-iiwoo.!. Menla Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joaa.
Trea Pisoa. Santa Crnz. Salinas,
Monterey ami I'aclflq Groft IIOsIKa
tai3O P Saa . loan aud Way 8tal(uua *7:3»p
H:13r 9anJo» and Principal Way Sutlers *tts<3*
t3>OOp3aa Joae. loa Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations fOtAu*
*.1:3Op Sau Josa ami Principal Way Stattous t*:33*
•0:30p San Jog- ami Way Stations »•»:<»'>»
«ll;4.'Vr San Joieaml Way Sutions »7:30f
A (or Morn: >! i P fur Afternoon
•Daily. t JimMay »»e#pt#d. J Sunday only
«4aXwrJay ODly.
0 Saturday and St"J-.t r inndw and Mondav
g-f ¥ Q
I Philadelphia §
» AND RETURN via g
I Santa Fe |
1 nOUiBiii 1
O - Tickets Sold June g
g 12th and 13th good $
§ to return 60 days. 0
iff »
I Office, 628 Market St. §
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
- - „ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltar»n Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAKCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-7.-39. »:00. U:0» a. m.; 13^5.
J:JO. S:10. 1:33 p. o. Thursday*— Extr» trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdaya— Extra tripa at .1:60
and 11:»> b. m.
BUNZ>ATS— «:«>. »:30. 11:00 a. m.J 1:30. 1:SO,
6: CO. (:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEIj TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAT3-<:10. 7:50. •:». U:10 a. m.: U:«»
»:<0. 1:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips) a*
1:SS and *:tS o. m.
BtTNDATS— S:TO. 1:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. S:*tV
B:C6. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park
sane tchedula a* above.
l>av«> I In Effect. I Arrl»«
Ban gVancUco. [Apr. IS. 1900. | San BTanclanav^
Week J San- I 1 Bun- ! Wert
Days. ( day*, f Destination.! day. | Day*.
7:30 am J:C0»m| Norato. 10:40 ami 8 :*> am
l:!3pm 9-J0am Petaluma. «: 06 pro 1 10*3* ana
6:13 cm 6:00 pmi Santa Rosa. 7:2S pmi «*O poa
Fulton.
T:30 am . Windsor. 18 JU mm
Bealdsburr-
Lytton.
GeyeerrlUe.
t:JO pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pro !:» pr»
7:30 ami I Hopland I |10:SS aaa
3:33 pn? 8:00 amf aad Uklah. I 7:15 pa! «:»> pm>
.': > am! * 10:23 am,
I 8:00 ara Guemevine. 7:3 pm
3:S0 rm! « :80 pm
7:»0am 8:00 ami Sonoma f:15 am! 8:40 am
I and j
1:13 pm 5:C0 pm) Glen EHcn. »:C5 pm| t:t& pm
7:3n am! S:00 am) 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:39 j>:n! 5:jO pm| Sebantcpol. | 7-.3S pm' 6:20 pm>
Etae^s connect at Santa Tlnrn for Slark West
Srrtnjrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altnina: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Ekarss Pptir.^s: at Clover<Jal»
for the fleyscTs: at H.->c!and for Duncan
Spr!nfr*. Highland F:srln»r><. Kelseyvllle. Carls«-
bad Sprinss. Sotla Pay. Lak^r>>rt and Bartlett
Springs; at.Uklah for Vlchr Springs. Saratojra
Pprlngs. Blue Lakes. Lenrel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlnys. Upper Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lt»rley*a, Bucknell'a.
Sar.hedrin . Helen's. HullviUc. Orr*» Hot
Springs. Mer.doclno City. Fort Eras*. W*»t-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummlna.
Bell's Sprlnss, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scot:*
ar.d Eureka.
Saturday to Mcnday round trio tickets) at
reduced rates.
On Sunday rmr.d trip tickets to all potnts
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. CiO Market »V. Chronicle b!dx,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manaser. Gea. Pass. Areat.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCEM0 BAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:20 a. m.. l:4i and 8:13 p. in.
SUNDAYS. ...8. ». 10. 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San I'*ranctsco to Summit an<! return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMAL"PAIS NOW OPEN.
jf ~>^\ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1K«I j«-'Vvit In !<».•»? tor me treat memo I Private
aEJ/JK V?iSf i>iseu.vs, lyrnt-HaiihiKKi Debility or
t?y»*w*ftfl iiisf«i*p'-"enriri(roii borjyand mind and
2uP»f3^'V*J^n ;Slc ' n Di**'*- 8 '' 51 - 'l'h^«loctorenreswh»»ii
r>ther3JaM. try him. CharjfeF low
Ja*«SarDrf«snaraiil»f1. Callorwr!t-\.
Or. j t . oillliu.'i. Box 1037.&U. k i aodaua
OUEAU TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
. wharf, San Francisco: •
I l®^**^.. For Alaskan riorts — 11 a. m..
BPJ2&V. .Tune 1". ir,. 20. 25. 3>\ July 5.
f«V_w$«&v Change to company's strrim-
EABmtvl rrs at Seattle.
Eft&5o&4 V&! F °r Victoria. Vancouver (V..
fijga^eSfll C.). Port Townsend. *eattl<\
f^^^B^KB'l Tacoma, Everett, An«cortes.
"¦ and xew Whateom (Wash.) —
11 a. m., June 10. 15, 20. 23. 30,
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter; change
fit Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. S;V; -'
For Eureka. Humboldt~ Bay— 10 a. m.. June
32, 17, 22, 27, July 2, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Oay-
ucos Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro- (Los Aneeles) and Newport—
9 «. m.. June S. 12. 16. 20. 21. 2S. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter. .
For San Dio&o. stopping cnly at P.irt Hnr-
ford (Sen Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anjteles and Redondo (Los Ansoles)— 11 a.
m.. June 10. 14. IS. 22. 26, 30, July 4. ami every
fourth day thereafter. '
For Ensenp.da. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. L.1 Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers. Failing dates and hours o£ sailing
without rrevlmis notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palnce Hotel). »
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents. -
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE : :O.R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3ST ID
From Ssear-strcet Wharf at 11 a.
CADC $12 t-lrst Clas* ..ncludlng Berfi
lAnt $8 Second rias% and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFOR^A^s^.......^. r
COLUMBIA- sails ............June 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt».
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND0S. PASli
a Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis. ....... June 13!St. IiOUis. ..July A
New York ..June 20 New York July 11
St. Paul ....June 27. St. : Paul.. ...... .July IS
N«W. York end AntW2'-». :
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland .......June 13 Kensington July 4
Southwark .....June 20 Noordland ..July 11
Westernland ...June 27 Friesland .......July 18
tA'.^lKi Lift's.
S S "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points, June 30, July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
' EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30. Montgomery Street. _^_^
COMPAGNIE GENERALS , THANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT .LINE TO. HAVRE-PARIS. -^*-e>i»
Sailing every Thursday instead . of,^J(t*S
Saturday, from November 2." 1SW, at v /*•»
10 n. m.. from Pier '42, North River, foot of
Morton et. LA LORRAINE. June 14; LA
OHAMPACNK.- June 21: L'A<JUITAINE, June
2S;LA TOURAIXE. July 5. First class: to
Havre $60 and ..upward;: 5 per cent reduction
on round trio. *> Second class to ¦ Havre.- SIS: 5
per rent -reduction on round trie GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). 1 New
York. J. F. FUGAZI &; TO., Pacific Const
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue," San Francisco.
DIED.
Aaron. Mary McLaughlin, Alice
Allen, Joseph E. McMahon, Annie
Blum, -Isidore Muller. Katharlna
Broder. Mary Murphy. Catherine
Carver. Louise M. Phillips, Thomas
Gibbons. Julia Schenck, Albert
Henneberry. Cath- Smith. Georce T.
erlne Solomon, Simon
Hegan, Samuel J. SutcllfTe, James
Hons, Julius Tiearney, Auretta
Hoppe. Krnest A. Walsh. Georsre
Koi<p, Leiutse Weller, Samutl B
Lesj>oune. Frank Zimmerman, .Cath-
MacUonald. Mary erine
AARON— In this city. June 6. 19OO. t '"Mary. be-
loved wife of the late David Aaron, and
mother of Louis, Victor. Harry S., Pauline
and Katie E. Aaron and Mrs. A. L. Brown ot
Marysvllle, Cal., a native of Germany, aged
OS years 1 month and 26 days. '
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this <iay (Friday) at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1613 Sutter street, thence by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Interment New Salem Cemetery.
ALLEN — In this city, June 7, Joseph Edmund,
idolised son of Declan and Mary Allen, and
brother of IJobert J. Allen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years 1 month and 22 days.
C7"Friends and acauaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satuiday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 13^.0 Folsom street,
thence to Pt. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his «oul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLUM— In this city. June 7, 1S00. at his resi-
dence, 1S0S O'Farrell street. Isidore, dearly be-
loved husband of Paula Blum (nee Loewis-
sohn). and father of Josie Blum, a native of
Prussia, aged 69 years.
BRODER— In this city. June 6, 1900, Mary, be-
loved wife of C. D. Broder, a native of
Washington. D. C. aged 30 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, from .her late
residence, 4S9 Eddy street. Funeral train
from S. P. Depot, Third and Townsend
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
CARVER— In this city. June 7, 1500, Louise M.,
beloved wife of the late Rev. Wayne Carver
and mother of Frank M. Chapman, a native
of Now York, aced 65 years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the Central M.
E. Church, Mission Ftreet. near Sixth. Re-
mains at the Deaconess' Home, 61S Haight
Btreet. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GIBBONS— In this city, June 6, 1900. Julia, be-
loved wife of the late John Gibbons, and
mother of Man' and John Gibbons, a native
of County Tlpperary. Ireland, aged 66 years.
ICT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
4 Jansen street, off Greenwich, between Ma-
eon and Taylor, thence to St. Francis Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HEXSEBERRT- In thla city. June 5. 1900.
Catherine, beloved wife of Officer William
Henncber»y, and mother of Ella, Agnes,
Thomas. Catherine. Lizzie and Maud Henne-
berry, a native of Ruthmullen, County Don-
egal. Ireland, agred 44. years 5 months and
12 days. •• ¦
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late residence,
1207 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
Eddy street, between Scott and Devtsadero,
where a solemn requlxm mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 3:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HEGAN— In this city, June 7, 1900, Samuel J.,
beloved son of the late Samuel and Catherine
Hegan and cousin of J. J. Riordan and John
Clifford, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
yeirs and j months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where mats will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOXP— In Alameda, June 6. 1900. Julius, be-
loved brother of Henry Hons, a native of
Twlndawn. I>arunn. Germany, ag-ed 27 years.
A member of Germania Club and Cosmopoli-
tan Ledge No. 1?4. I. O. O. F. -
CTFTiends and acauaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 10. from Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street, where services will be held under the
au&picts of the Germania Club. Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HOPPE— In Oakland. June G, 1900, Ernest Ar-
thur, beloved son of Catharine and the late
J. C. Hoppe and brother of Charles E. Hoppe
and 3frs. F. Wilker of New York, a native
of Oakland, aged 20 years 8 months and 28
days. **
C7Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday) at 2:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. Claremont avenue. Berkeley. Inter-
ment, Mountain View Cemetery.
KOPP— In San Jose, June 5, 1900, Louise Kopp,
beloved mother of Amanda Kopp, • a» native
of Germany, aged 44 years 7 months and 21
days. » (Indianapolis papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason
•street, between O'Farrell and Geary. I Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
t£SPOUNF5-In this city. June S, 1900, Frank,
beloved husband of Helene Lespoune. a native
of France, aged 42 years.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Jo attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 'o'clock, from' his late residence,
304 Jetsle street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MACDONALD— In Oakland, June 7, 1900, Mary
Raymcnd, beloved daughter of Donald M. and
Kate A. Macdonald and sister of William F.,
Donald A. ar.d Margaret G. Macdonald and
niece of J. P. Bush, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, June 6, 1900. Alice,
beloved wife of James McLauchlln, and
mother of Harry and Alice McLautrhlin, a
native cf California, aged 36 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), et 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7U tjumner street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery- ¦
McMAHON- In this city, June 6. 1900, Annie
McMahon, beloved daughter of the late Pat-
rick and Margaret McMahon, and sister of
MARRIED.
FOEST— TATE—In this city. June 7, 19C0. by
R-sv. H. T. Shepard, pastor of Olivet Congre-
gational Church. Otto F. W. Foest ar.d Ma-
mie Tate. both of San Francisco.
BUTLER— ARONSON— In this city. June 6.
1S00. by Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Herrman N. But-
ler of New York and Mabel Glenn Aronson
of this city.
NOLAN-DUPONT— In this city. June 6, 1900,
by Justice of the Peace Dunne, Henry E.
NTolan and Valcole Dupont. . \
NULLMEYER— BESTHORN — In this city,
June 6. 11-00, by Rev. J. M. Buehler. Fred
Nullmeyer and Anna Besthorn.
WRATTEN-BOUTES— In this city June 4,
1900. by Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frank" L.
Wratten and Isahelle C. Boutes.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent bj
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofQres and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
BROSS— In this city. June 2, 1900. to the wife
of H. J. Brcss, a son.
FLECK— In this city, June 7, 1900. to the wife
of Frank Fleck, a son.
GEIGER-In thia city, June 6, 1S0O, to the wife
ot Ignatz Geiger, a son.
LYNCH— In this city. June 5, 1900, to ths wife
of John W. Lynch, a son.
MORRILL— In this city. May 24. 1900, to the
wife cf Raymond H. Morrill, a daughter.
SPARKS— In this city. June 5. 19W, to the
wife of O. F. Sparks, a daughter.
ROSE— In this city, June 6, 1900. to the wife
of W. E. Rope, a son.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Domenico Lauricelli, 24, 13 Valencia street,
and Marina Jeuf ri, 20, 13 Valencia street.
Frederick O. Dunbar, 2S, Stockton, and Ma-
mie F. Raughgarden, 25, city.
George • Nelson. 22, 26S Shipley street, and
Emma Martensen. 17. 26S Shipley street.
Samuel Saari. 31, 1120C Golden Gate avenue,
and Amanda Anderson, 36. 1120C Golden Gate
avenue.
Samuel 8. Smith. M, 5.12 Haight street, and
Emma T. Burke. 24. 532 Haight street.
Manoel Teizcira. 26. Point Reyes, and Rosa
Asevedo. 1J. Point Reyes.
Edward Barren, - 24. 1344 Ellis street, and
Hannah Davis. 22, 120»~ Turk Btreet.
the late Mary McMahon, a native of San
Francisco. .: ¦
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Charles Crockett. 1017 Howard street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - •"-•*
MULI.ER— In. this city, June 5. 1900, Katharlna
1 Muller, beloved mother of Philip Muller and
' the late Mrs. A. Nlebuhr and grandmother
of Mrs J. L. HansbrouKh and Fred and Emil
N'iebuhr,'. a native of Rhelnhessen,- aged 82
years 2 months and 18 days.
C3 r Friends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral i this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Phillip Muller. 427 Jersey street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth,
near Castro. Interment Odd Fellows Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In Lorin. June 6, 1900. Catherine
. Miirphy, beloved wife of Georce Murphy, and
dearly beloved and devoted n/.ther of p. H..
• J. J. and Katie Murphy and Mrs. J. G. Ra-
¦ phael a native of Ratbmullen. County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 71 years and 10 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, inv.ted to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from St. Rose's -Church. Brannan
street, at 9:30 o'clock, where a solemn requiem
; mass will be celebrated for the rei>ose of
¦ her soul.
PHILLIPS— In this city, June 7, 1900. at his
residence, 1206 Fclsora street. Thomas, be-
loved and devoted husband of Mary Phillips
and father of Thomas Phillips and brother of
James, Edward, Alice, John and Annie Phil-
Mds and Mrs. J. Rierdon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years.
SCHENCK— In this city, June G, 1900, Albert,
beloved husband of Martha Schenck and fa-
ther of Walter. Lillian. Clara. Estell and
Annie gchenck and brother of Gus and
Adolph Schenck and Mrs. Fred Grimes, a. na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 37 years and 3
months. "- ; •' " - „ \'
- (ETThe funeral will take place from the
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street.
Interment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— June 7. 1900, at rest, Ceorge Thomas,
beloved husband of Fannie C. rmlth, a native
of Vallejo. Cal. (Vallejo and Xapa papers
please copy.)
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 10, 1900, at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence. 110 Liberty street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
SUTCLIFFE— In this city, June 5. 1900, James,
beloved husband of Jane SutcllfCe, and father
of Gertrude S. and Herbert C. Sutcllffe. a
native of Lancashire. England, aged 67 years
and 9 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fridav) at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 52i Harrison street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
SOLOMON— In this city. June 7, 1900. Simon, be-
loved husband of Julia Solomon and father of
Mrs M 11. Schwartz and brother of Sol Sol-
omon, a native of Felich. Germany, aged 52
years C months and 24 rtays.
It^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 10 i»0 at 9:4i o'clock, from his late
residence. 1314 O'Farrell street, under the
auspices of Fidelity Lodge. F. and A. M.
Interment Home of Feace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
TIEAHNEY— In this city, June 5. 19C0, Auretta.
beloved wife of Edward Tiearney. mother ot
" Mabel Leona Tiearney. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Penwarden and sister of Mabel and Earl
Penwarden, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
15 years and 2 days.
JCTTrlendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister-in-law, Mrs. A. "W. Carley. 2435
Twenty-third street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WALSH— In City and County Hospital. June 6,
1900. George Walsh, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 59 years.
WKLLER — In Oakland. June 6. 1900, Samuel
Baker Weller. husband of Drusilla A. Weller
and father of Samuel B. Weller Jr. and step-
father of Mrs. Lillian A. Neault and Mrs
Corra M. Cook, a native of Ohio, aged 79
years 3 months and 4 days. (Ohio papers
please copy-)
CC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
I Sunday, June 10. 1900. at 10 o'clock, at his
'late residence, S7S Fifty-ninth street, Oak-
1 land, thenoe to Ckid Fellows' Crematory, San
: Francisco," at 2 o'clock. Services under the
auspices of Berkeley Lodge No. 270, I. O. O.
F.
ZIMMERMAN— In this city, June 7, 1300. Cath-
erine, mother of Nicholas, Joseph and
Augustus Zimmerman and Mrs. Marcy and
Mrs. Metz and Mrs. Thorp, a native of
France, aged S3 years and 11 days.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter. -
Ml SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
t A KABOOAKT Curtat. cood as new!
f A *»!nut WtN-r, u«ed very little.
J A walnut Sterling. ra*riium rize.
.";. ctk Hlf-rlins, sMchtly used.
A v.ainut Vote, from rental stock.
A trahntrany Evrett. f;!»r.<l!d condition
An eboalsed Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
An oak Kirjrfbury. co&d as new.
f T_7 a V t f r ?* t f? > from |S() up: terms liberal.
r.ENJ. CURTAZ & S«lN. is OFarrtU et..
ChU3terta«.% etwJCkVoae.- SUtjlag A»«g|^
.',> a* retwesest the b^rt make of pianos in
TVtry cri-ade, from Stcinway down to low-
lirl-fd ir.akeF. and as our Installment pay-
nf-r,!f arp than those o? other dealers.
nrc the people f rP m uhom you should
! ur. hr.«f; new upright i-ianos. JS cafh. SO per
rnonth: other planes it. S4 and $3 per month.
-lU.KMAN. CLAY Si CO.. Sieinway Dealers.
" >r - * v ** r *J sr.d Sutter Fts.. Ean Francisco:
cor. I hirteenth nnd Uroaciway, Oakland.
SCTLOTELT th» oldest nr.d largest house
"M nf Chicago is KOJILER & CHASES.
: ¦. •-•« r.nl 30 OTarrelt st. ; pianos, organs and
nil other musical instruments nf all grades
to pr!c<>s: terras easy; |irii-es lowest: every -
thtRf pofsib'ie done to plea** and satisfy the
FTEIXWAY upright. j:S5: inEtallsner.ts. $3, Si.
_ ?1C; rents S2 up. HEINE'S. ISC Ellis st.
FINE Krell upright piaro r.t a great bargain.
-TATHAM. ir< McAllister St.
T;rnuCTION tale: r.ew p'an^*. $5 payrnentsl
f< r rent, J! up. HRt'ENN. CC« Post st.
& 1IMEH £ CO.. llyron Mauiy Pianos. 30S to
::: Tost «t. , .
COOIi Feeler; great Iiarga'.n. SCHMITZi IS
Mr.vr.jft.T st.. r.ext Hlberr.Ia Bank.
t*'" <~i. RAJHSEB, 471 fnrmmento St.. agent for
r Fmncis Bacon an>5 Hall^tt & Davis p'.ancs.
FTTKKT^n vir,I!ns. ritHFrs. old and new] IT
Itnj.TTIt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
L.AK<;n ft^res and Fur.ry rltfj n<>ar Hall of
.Ti:?;:^o, I'rurt t.l.-yk. HABIN. *:2 Kearny ft.
OIL LANDS. .
OIL LANDS FOR FALE AXD TO LEASE.
\v< have il-.i.-c prcprrties ar.d will aE5ist
' J«rti-p» to ominin* c<mipiin!»! mid pwarr
capital. AMBROSE HARRIS and T. A.
TU'LU rorms O1-12-O, Examiner builllnir.
PALMISTRY.
SIME. N«rsaar.i. 1'rcs. St. i>rmi!n College of
. Paim'.Etry: reaJ? 1 to S. OK Geary, nr. Jones.
II JEROMK POESELLI. cc-pniifie palmist. S15
Tay!- r yt.. \»-t. (^itry & l'^ : l'hiin--* R!a/-k 551.
n:n.so.\Ai.s.
G<- TO UTOEH2H...
The Popultr handn-jTscr:
lie '.-.ut but one tr:-e nnj alwajra
fivrs y.-u th» very latest rt>1e«.
He cut Qatetfislca Mole. Sjc bot..
anrt Fi*>.nii) .<har:po... .=u? s>k4C.
>'.. lei>i-:rsr. i:i stookton st.
T-FK Lillie Webb's soap, made from California
olive cite, rnoti and herbs; 1Q? at dnietrist*;
nr.v.ts ranift!. 110 StevcnaoB. b€t. S & 10 a.m.
PAtULTHS poeittVFly cured, also nervoun,
Fkir. nr.c lurg d'seases, rheumatism, osiifica-
t!on and «ti!T Jp!nts: no drugs; no knife. DR.
!.. 3. PTRATTON. E07-SW Parrott l-ldg.. over
_>"mrcrfum, Fan Francisco; consultation free.
~f: *J> UIEfteS* ki<! shoes for fte a pair at THE
HKF. HIVE £HOEOJ. t :i; Market, nr. Third.
PRIVATE dftedlre wcrk; rca?o^ab!e rates: 10
yean* oxperience. J. B. RAY, 3J.7 Jessie et.
XX.CTOR wants position as nsEi«=ta?it to physi-
r',»r.: rr.ust nsaJce expenses. Box 43S7. Call
office. - -
ELECTRIC l'.ffett in every ro<~m— Winchester
li t-I. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
i:~ i» tl 10 per night; »1 W to $6 per week;
free 'V.35 and lAjrcapf to and from the ferry.
.ACADEMY for the NEW" SCIENCE OF IIKAL-
INO; all (iwafPf are curablo: WITHOI T
I'RT'OP. V.ITHOrT OPERATIONS: cor.sulta-
tlor. free. DR. WM. 6CHMITT. £27 Post st.
'«AN *->cant Fuit for tlO 75 rrom Imported or do-
meftic remnant*. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market et.,
ljet»eea Pcvcr.th and Eighth.
MISS FIIELDON,, chfrcpofilst and magnetic
trcatmprt. flii Market St.. second floor, rm. 37.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 26<1S Pacific ave..
frrtwees Tierce REd Fcott; phene Steiner £331.
IF jrofl w;*h full value for your cast-off clothing
call en B. CCHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
LaPU:?' sr,3 rents' rttft^it clothing bought and
tola. Pilverrr.an. SM Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
FTLL-PREPS and ether suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, 25 Ptocktcn st.
JI.MR qu'.rkly curlpi cr T-ave<1 by us'.r.g Tal-
cott'y Curling Fluid; 23c bottle; druggists.
CA^T-OKF clothlrg- «!d <ro!<J and silver bougrijt; j
Fend r^>e;e:. COI.EMA.VC. -V* Kearny pt.
' »-^— — — ¦¦ —^ — —^— __ , i
'* PHYSICIAXS AND SUIIGEONS.
T>n. C. C. ODONN ELL— Office and residencX
K'lH Market ft. bet. Sixth and tyeventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
V>T. Iran krdaks free; phcto supplies. Backus
niiflin. :i Ceary st.. rrcund floor.
XtlCAL ESTATE— CITV FOB SALE.
A. M. PPECK & CO.. 667 MarkeTeTi
Opposite Kearny.
I7:/ion--Comer. near Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage: rare buy.
tttsn Dtnlu MM; lot S0xl37:« feet; modern
tuil<!:r.e: pajrs 10 r*r cent.
fiZ.W*— Fourth St., near Townsend; lS7:6x
127^; jicsr railroad and varchouses.
j:-/'— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister; lot
%Si!"' feet: two frontages; rents $T10.
t^.«»-_gixt»i et.; 73 feet frontage; 4 stores
_ id V' r&orns abov»: rents frOO.
fli.Lfi'*— lialf b!ock from Market end Steaart
fly. : K-iek building.
j;:.r/i^-Xinth et.; close to Mission; SS feet
frcnt: two t-tores and flat*.
I — Kents tlC«; lot :«X'xlS7:€; Powell-et. car
l:n*.
%~.2~ r — Broadway. between Buchanan and
f.Vc-bner ns.; let 34:44xlC2 feet; choicest resl-
Cerce site.
: IGCO— Ebt V*y-Trjn<5ow flats; rents |C6; lot
45x7c.; near Sixth end Howard sts.
ff.j<ifi — irr." Bueh Ft., lot 3"xi::7 C: house of 14
»-o"ro¥; must t* sold.
{^"¦-Powell Et.; three flats; rents Kl.
<¦ T "i i:r fi-.e flats; Capp st.; rentg Jl?.
_ I3C0O— Rest* J4?; five flats; tro froataBes;
_k^'?.!lejo et.
V XT.ltj— 41 South Park: house cr.<i lot: rixlO7:6.
z - A. M. SI'KCK & CO.. €67 Market st.
ilODEUN houses and flats built at lowect ,
prices; j>lan« and estimate-* furnished for all
r-ilfllng work. '"AMPP.ELL. 1M7 Missicn ft. '
IIF.AL ESTATE— f Ol XTKV For S«l«>
IT^s ACSES; under cultivation; beet land; £5
acres In grain; 7 acre* in apples, balance, '
r<tatot* and pasture; J stations, 'i and 2 1
mile? "ut: 2 dwellings, tsu-u and Q cutbuild- j
ings; ho:T"!S. cattJe. chicktns. machinery, !
t»-«tgons; all UrFt-clai-s : f7^X'. Particulars by
J. L. JA.HMAX. Owner. Aptos, Santa Crax
•nur.ty.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A'iinUT. 6. off Goary, near Fillmore — 3 sunny
rj~f!y furnished hoa»ekeepiag rooms; bath. ,
ITlcifANAN. K2. ccr. Fell— Sunny bay-win- j
dow aad kitchen, furnished; housekeeping; j
ftove; tU. j
CilESTNITT. Z32L. Xorth 3each — Furnished
l.ou»»kfep!n« roora; cheap; fine view; ninny.
EI>I>Y. 917— Nice runny connecting: rooms; fur-
r.!Fhe<3; do children; private residence.
FILLMORE. CIS. near Hayes— 1. 2 or 3 sunny
housekeeping rooSss; Gtrman private family.
KOLSOM. K%— Three unfurnished rooms for j
!.r uKk' ¦•"! :ne: hot and cold water; range.
FOL60X. f?.4-Large sunny bay-window room:
l.itch^n; clo«?i?tE; bath; e\-errthing private;
_it3 week. I
7^2— A large cunny front basement i
ro^>m; furnished for bousekerying; rent low.
UOWAGD. 7<j4-Nice. sunny furnished rooms
for hcusekerp-r-g; rer.t cheap.
HOWARD, 10C1— Larjje front room: two cx>n-
nertlng cor.;pieio!y furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water.
JESSIE. T.\ r^ar*"Fif~h and Market-Hou«-
fccr^lr^- rooms. JV.
aiATtKHT. 1E2S. ht. Sth and Plh— 3 cunny un- |
furr.ithod front rooms.. $15; 2 furnished. JS. •
MARKET. lSH—Larpe fror.t runny bay-window i
room, neatly iurctghtd; rent 112; telephone. i
MIKSXON. 1121— Jflee liou^keeDing^rocms: »ulte
or eing-le; »> up; no objections to children.
MO?. 0 .. 13. off Howard, near {Seventh— 2 or 3 |
roorng furnished complete for housekeeping, t
NOE. dj noar Market— 2 Funny bay-window
rooir.F. modern fiat, for housekeeping; J12.
O FAIiP.ELL. If 23, nr. Van Ness-Large sunny
r'-'-rr.f. complete for r»ustkps; private fam.
EUTTEH, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
*in£ir. euiie«; aJ«o housekpg; term* reasonble.
THIKD. irv-E!egant euite. suitable for young
• sj;nf, use of kitchen aad bath If desired; I
rent rcafontb'.e. j
TV ' • si-'.-jny front room*, kitchen and bedroom,
furnished complete for housekeeping; furni-
ture all ii»w; $1 73 per wee.k. Apply at shoe
Btore, iC2 Miscion ft., bet. 1st and 2d ete.
TT'RK. UZ~ Sunny bedroom and kitcheu, wJth
gits rtore. hath arid cas, $14.
VAN N«:ss AVE.. 1«1— Sur.ny front suite; 3
/__T_f:i5 nnd kitchen; cas range.
A F.'iANCH office for Call advertisements and
MbKriptlpm has been established at Km Va-
if-nria. rt.
< -"L At '-' =: IFlED adv^rtlrements and subscription?
received ex Call branch efflce. 2CM FiUmcre it.
ROOMS TO LliT— Fam. and I'nfnrn.
A^nRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to S3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nlsht.
j BOHEMIA. 533 Post— Sunny corner suites to
j (rent)emen and families; references given; ele-
I vator; all conven'ces; turlsts accommodated.
j m'RN'ETT. 1«6 Market at. (old No. 136*)— Ffcr-
n'.Fhed rms.. suites, nlncle; also unfurnished.
i CLIFFORD. 2Gi Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
j furnished F unny rooms; prices reasonable.
1 i FEI L, 124—3 rooms and bath; rent with gas,
' j _I12.
I ' FOLSOM. SS4— ?1 n week: larre sunny furnished
'i ro?m; closet ; bath; private.
j FOLSOM, PS5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
; funny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
j FOLSOM. W5. ccr. Cth fThe Oliver)— Newly fur-
. ! nlphfU sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
! I GTIAnV. 4"S (Th» Navarre')— Eleirantly furnished
i, rocrr.p; FUites or single: travelers accom'dated.
1 : GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 631-1 large unfurnished
; room.*, t" Z#; a!?o 2 furnished rooms.
! GRANT" SOUTHERN*, southeast corner Seventh
«nd Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
sir.p'e: Iadl^' parlor: reading room; elevator.
i HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family room'.nc house: $1 V> to 56 per week.
HARRISON. TS4'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nit!ie<i funny room«; bath; all conveniences;
bomelike; H week u^
' HOTEL Francisco— Elernnt suites: single: tran-
sient: bathF. Jin?. KING. Turk and Taylor.
1 i HOWARD, fl?— nooms frcm Jl week up to J3;
I ;;c to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
I LARKIN". V.31— Flat of 3 handsomely furnished
| rooms for light housekeeping; bath: $14.
i MASON, 502— Nicely furnished single rooms.
¦ MIXN'A. I2S. betvrf-cn Fourth and Fifth— Nicely
| furnished ninny rooms.
I MINNA. C6T. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
I wtadow reevn. $1 per week: transier.t.
! MISSION.' 3514. near 11th— Sunny cheerful room;
' 1 or 2 steady gentlemen: $1 50 a week.
i NATOMA. lisB— 3 large rooms to let; sunny
I side; rer.t fl.
) NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely furn.
i rras.: 3,=>c Right, up: J2 week, up: transient. :
I OTARHEI.U 20— Sunny furnished rooms and ;
I offices; elevator; electric Mghts; day. wk., mo.
I POWELL. 121— Upht. clean rms.. suites cr sin-
I gle: transient: running water; rates reduced, i
; nOSEDALE House. 31» and 321 Ellis St.— Room..
j night. :.*c to fl; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
! ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis st.— Incandescent i
i liRfct. roadinp room, smoking room and ladles' ,
rrarlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50: week $2
'' to t$: month. fS to $20; elevator on office floor;
' rooms with not and cold water; baths.
l FHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Etchth St.,
1 near Market — Furnished ami unfurnished.
. THE OAKS. 119 Third— A cood rooming house j
for rood people. R. HL'OHES. proprietor. ;
; Tl'RK, 115"— Large nicely furnished room; prl-
I vate family; reasonable: references required.
] CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at ''all branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
! _
; A BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements and
i Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
j CALIFORNIA. Sfll— An excellent opportunity to
'¦ eecure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
| est ratep; F[<»cial rates families; sunny rms,
1 en Fuite rr fitigl": best table in San Francisco.
! MARKET. IMS* .'Hotel Rr.blnson)— Furn. rms..
i with f.rst-cla«» board; double, $10 wk.; dingle,
; 125 mo.; modern: elevator: table board. $4 wk.; I
meals. 25c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop. i
• THE BRADBURY. 1604 California— New modern i
family hotel: rxcellt-nt table: 100 beautifully j
furnished room*; moderate; |,hone Hyde 2771.
] LA? PALM AS. lKCn Market st— Suite of 2 or 3
i rms.: private: hath: sin. rms.; board optional.
ROOMS WAXTED.
I TWO adults wish 3 large and 1 small (one i
front) unfurnirs'ied rooms for housekeeping,
between Franklin. Stockton. Pine and Mc-
i Allister Ms.; private family preferred: per-
manent: references. Address 1615 Devlsadero
| st.. Ftating terms.
i SINGLE gentleman of regular habits desires
comfortable lodgings In private family; local-
ity west of Franklin and north of Clay st- ;
prefers to furnish apartment him»?!f; refer-
! ences. Address box 3194. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum Ftnce January. 1S?9:
Elizabeth Ault. aged 10 years; Margaret Ault,
* years; Hazel Wilkie. 10 years; Lydia Wll-
kie. s years; Ruth Wllkle, T years; Irene
Valdez. ? years; Lcretto Duran, 7 years: Mad-
eline l>uran, 6 years: Ray Croa'l, S years;
Otilla Bank. 6 years: Gertrude McClellan,
S years. —
BAD ter.ar.ts ejected for St; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. (IS Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. D5S0.
I ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. SI up;
painting done. Hartrnan Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kirAs bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
te«?.i. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
j RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sun-
plies. Stardard Agency. 14S 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 2^5 Fourth st.
j storage: and warehouses.
j BEKINS Van ar.d Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.,
j tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
! WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
| var.s. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Pest st.. eor. Powell; tel. Main '5713.
I PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2C20 FiUmcre St.; phone Jackson 281.
TVPEWKITEUS AM) SUl'PWKS.
I GREAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS-We
! sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. LZf> Caiifomla. telephone Main 256.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice-Dividend No. IS (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market st. on and after
I MONDAY. .Iun» 11. 1MQ. Transfer books will
[ close on Monday. Jun* 4. 1900, at 3 o'clock
, p. m. E. H. FHELDOX. Secretary.
' DIVIDEND notice.— Th« Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. Ho. 18, of
eeventy-f.ve cents fT5c) per share on the Is-
sued capital Etock of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California et.. Ean Francisco, on
June 'II. 190C. Transfer books close June 4,
W*. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth ea«h; bal-
ann* in 1, 2. 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Hank. -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR sale— No. 60?7 Occidental st., corner Slxty-
flrst. Adeline station, Berkeley; an elegant
modern, new house, 7 rooms and basement;
"French range"; stable: Iron fencing; Patton
sidewalk; lot CxlOO; 1 block from station;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
- _ -> « « ¦
$«S0— BARGAIN: 9-room house, plate glass
windows; modern In everything; nothing want-
Ing; simply Just what you want; location
Frar-klln et., near Durant; you must tee It
to appreciate It. J. 8. MTERS.
• 1002 Broadway.
:-.;.- -j Oakland.
BI./OCK 64. must fce «old. near 23d ave., 17th St.,
Fast Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East 81x-
teenth St.. East Oakland.
QAKL.AN D C^T^AGES^jro LET.
FOB. rent— Sl«; 4-rootn cottage, basement,
chicken house and yard: lot £4x110; city water
included. K. J. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thir-
teer.th St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR" rent, furnished. Including piano, subur-
ban home rtf 11 roomr; horse and cow; stable;
nice garden; elegant view; can be had for
four months at $40 per month, includlnr
water. Apply SOC Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scbellhaa*. the
furniture dealer. Uth aad Franklin, Oakland.
r^^^S HI The Watcha °9 for * he Goid fields.
I /^ Jtby^mMa itesw^ en *t barks. It will protect your claim
£^|||^ Winchester
Ammunition
wa y s reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
ac^^ ress on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
l^^^g^^^J V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., J
Tj^^^^^SlJ 4 i8 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. . JS%Simon Solomon Stricken
With Heart Trouble at
His Home.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
WEALTHY BUTCHER
An amendment to the bill that was
adopted provides that an appeal may. in
the first instance, be taken to Commis
sioner Powderly and in the event of hi:?
rendering an adverse decision a further
appeal may be had to the Secretary of the
Treasury. Collectors of Customs will be
pleased with the change. At this port
one-half the office time of the Collector
has been taken up with the hearing of
Chinese cases. The new order of things
will allow the Collector to devote the
whole of his time to customs business
It is expected that Chief Dunn will re
turn to Washington, and that the Chinese
Bureau now under his charge will be
made a part of tho Immigration Bureau
under Mr. North.
months ago in the Senate, relieving the
Treasury Department of the burden of
the enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
act. Henceforth, Commissioner Terence
V. Powderly will be the head of the Chin
ese Immigration Bureau and will conduct
it with the present Immigration Bureau.
THE management of Chinese Bureau
matters has been taken out of the
hands of Customs Collector Jack
son and placed In charge of Hart
H. North, .local Immigration Com
missioner. Likewise, all over .the United
States Collectors of Customs, have
been relieved from the burden of
listening to the perjury committed by
Chinese Immigrants and their witnesses,
and the management of this most trouble
some and expensive class of alien visitors
has passed from the Secretary of the
Treasury to the National Commissioner
of Immigration.
The news came veiled in a brief Asso
ciated Press dispatch yesterday morning
to the effect that the sundry civil appro
priations bill had become a law by receiv
ing the signature of the President. In
corporated in the bill, however, were the
provisions of a measure introduced some
Congress Passes Law Relieving Customs Col
lectors of Duty of Passing Upon Genuine
ness of "Native Son" Petitioners.
Immigration Commissioner Must
Handle All Asiatic Cases
HART NORTH GETS
CHINESE BUREAU
Standing room only could be had,' at
the Mission Opera Hall last night -at the
benefit of St. Joseph'3; booth (St. Paul's
bazaar). An attractive programme was
well rendered. The young ladies' commit
tee in charge was composed of Miss Mae
McNeill.'.Miss Emma Nolan, Miss Mar
garet Byrnes. Miss S." La very. Miss-Nellie
Hennessy, Miss Gertrude Dobson Miss
Nellie Farley,' Miss 'Kittle Lynn.
St. Paul's -Church Entertainment.
Fred y. Anderson, a peddler, . almost
blind, swore to a complaint in Judge Ca
baniss' court yesterday for the arrest of
Michael Salomon . on : . the charge : of crim
inal libel. Anderson alleges that Salomon
published a poem in the Pacific Scandi
navian newspaper, September 7, last,
charging him with being a "vile -blind
wretch" and otherwise alluding offensive
ly to him.
Criminal , Libel Alleged.
The Preliminary Examination of
Masuji Miyakawa Commenced
Before Judge Fritz.
The preliminary examination of Masuji
Miyakawa, the Japanese reformer, on the
charge of extortion was commenced be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon.
Captain Wittman was In court watching
the case, as the Police Department ls par
ticularly interested in the prosecution.
JAPANESElACCUSED
OF > EXTORTING COIN
75c Babies' Shoes for 55c a pair at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St., near 3d.
• The funeral wlll.be conducted. under the
auspices l of the j Masonic ¦ order . next ' Sun
day:-afternoon.-. Deceased-: was 52- yeaYs
of age and a natlveiof Germany.— He left
a> wife and a' daughter. • -
Solomon was ,well known In business
circles in this- city. He has been pro
prietor of the -Grand Central. Market for
thirty years- and ¦ has .conducted an Im
mense, trade. He -was also prominent In
fraternal orders.
The case was immediately reported to
the Morgue," but the deputies decided lo
allow thebody to remain at the house,
wherean autopsy was performed later by
Dr. Thomas B. AV. Lelanfl.
Solomon went to his place of business
at his usual hour yesterday morning. He
did-, not feel '.well and went back home
about 7 o'clock. • His . condition grew
rapidly worse and he was forced to .take
to his bed. Medical aid was •summoned,
but to no avail as the butcher died at
8 o'clock; " ¦-. ¦ ¦ " ¦¦•. . : :
5IMON SOLOMON, proprietor of the
Grand Central Market, died sud
denly yesterday morning. He -re
turned to his home, 1514*O'Farrell
street,' about 7 o'clock, when he became
seriously -ill and died, within an hour.
Death. was the result of an accumulation
of fatty matter. about the heart.-
SIMON SOLOMON.
Edmund . Brown, an East Indian negro
19 years old. passed a bad dollar yesterday
morning upon an Italian bootblack, re
ceiving a shine and 95 cents in good money
in exchange. As soon as he received the
change he started off at full speed to his
mother's room at 757 Howard street and
gave her 65 cents. , She was lying sick in
bed and there was no food In the house
Hrown was run to earth by Secret Ser
vice Agent Hazen and was taken to the
office of United States Marshal Shine
He told n pitiful story of a mother lying'
sick and. almost starving, and how he de
liberately passed the counterfeit dollar
upon the bootblack. Assistant United
States Attorney Banning, on hearing the
lad's story, declined to make out a com
plaint. His rea&on for so doing, he said
was that no jury would bring in a verdict
of conviction in the case.
' Agent Hazen found that the" prisoner
tallied with the description recently given
him of , a man .who had been passing bad
dollars upon street-car conductors Ho
accordingly announced his intention of
holding the lad pending; further investi
gation.
PASSED BOGUS MONEY
TO SAVE HIS MOTHER
And, through her, the new baby, benefits by
using -MALT-NUTRINE, the gentle tonic and
helping food-drink. It is prepared only by the
AnheuservBusch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis U
S. A., and sold by all druggists.
The New Mother
Chinatown Blockade Causes a Dearth
; of Officers and Patrolman Engel
Had a Hard Task. >•-
Policeman Frank W. Engel was the only
officer In attendance at the fire which
destroyed the Lafayette Primary School.
He was obliged to manage a crowd of
over one thousand school children besides
the many parents and spectators who haJ
congregated to watch the conflagration
a^«&V}J he > tlT ? broke ont there was not
>L!.£ g Io Patrolman on North Beach, all
having been taken off their beats to do
duty on the Chinatown blockade. The
crowds gathered as tho flames spread, but
no bluecoat made his appearance on the
scene to protect life or keep the young
*nn ri L OUt of , dan S*'-. Sergeant Christian
on arrived, however, t.nd seeing the
condition of affairs telephoned to the Cal
ifornia street police station for help. Offl
frnJr"?- ii? 110 ? 6 beat ls on Kearny street
mSSLv 0011 '?. 1^. 1 . 11 to Market, was the
ni^S « available man and he was dis
patched to the scene.
Engel's task in controlling the crowd
slnglehanded can be better imagined than
descrioed. Showers of rocks occasionally
i .l? m the su mmit of Telegraph Hill
and the youthful fraternity climbed over
the fences at every point of the compass.
Engel nrmed himself with a brocmihandle
and made many charges "up the precip
itous slope and when he finished his work
he said bad things about the coming gen
eration on Telegraph Hill.
ONLY ONEPOLICEMAN
AT. THE^ SCHOOL FIRE
Many Blocks of Land. Have Recently
Been Bonded Upon Supposed
indications of Oil.
Oil may be ' struck in San Francisco,
south of Golden Gate Park and well out
toward the-ocecn. Within the past ten
days property-owners have notified Shain
wald & Buckbce to withdraw from sale
between twenty-five and fifty blocks of
land in that vicinity. The reason as
signed for such action was that brokers
had tried to bond the land for thirty
days. Tho property-owners have the Idea
that seepages of oil have been discovered
in. that section.
Mr. Shalnwald of Shainwald & Buckbee
said last night It had been intimated that
Indications of oil, or what was supposed
to be oil, had been found. He knew noth
ing concerning any oil discoveries. In
formation was received from another
source that the lands are between
Golden Gate Park and the .old
Ocean House, and from Fortieth
avenue to. the ocean. The report is also
In circulation that oil seepages have been
found on the lands of the Sutro estate,
in what Is known as ."Car Town," near
the ocean beach. Some of the Sutro heirs
have been sufficiently Interested to put In
a sand pump to gain some knowledge of
the geological formation of their land.
From this the bonding of certain prop
erties has resulted. Derricks may soon
be erected" for. the purpose of boring for
petroleum.
OCEAN BEACH MAY BE
BORED FOR PETROLEUM
An Ideal day and a large crowd made
yesterday's Los Gatos Park excursion
and picnic of California, Golden Gate and
Mission lodges of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows a grand success. More
than a thousand members and friends of
the organizations Journeyed to the pretty
picnic grounds and enjoyed a delightful
day. A long train filled with merry
makers left Third and Townsend streets
promptly at 9:15 a. m. and arrived with
out mishap at Its destination at noon.
Baskets filled bounteously with lunch
were opened and with sharpened appetites
the picnickers attacked their ' edibles.
After lunch the dancing platform 'under
Fhady trees was filled with active couples.
The band furnished tine music. The games
proved highly exciting. An excellent cin
der path, 100 yards In length, was used
for the games, and good time was made
In the pnrlnts. Not a disturbing act
marred the day's pleasure. Following is
the result of the games:
Race for boys undpr 10 years— Raymond Vls
cary. first; John Commorody, second; Victor
Corand. third.
Race for girls under 10 years— Annabelle Fad
den, first: Beatrice Carr. second; Virginia
deary, third. ' '
Boys' race, 10 to 15 years— Fred Vlttaly, first;
Howard Thorne, second; Alex McKnfght, third.
Girls' race, 10 to 15 years— IJella Wjlson, first;
Roeie Barblno, second: Hat Up Griffith, third.
Young ladles' race— Miss Hampton, 'first; Misa
Sarrelle, second; Miss Knorn. third. ¦
Men's race — Bowdish, first; Deanlufren, sec
ond; P. fiulllvan, third.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. Syrell. first; Mrs.
Thomas Miller, sacond: Mrs. Viscara. third.
Fat men's race— J. Taylor, first; W. Bunt-
Ing, second. *
Kac* for members' wive* — Mrs. Connmoya,
first : Mrs. Miller, second; Mrs. McCord, third.
Fat ladlen' racp — Mrs. Vernon, first; Mrs.
George Drane. second.
Race for members . over 35 — George Draue,
first; J. Monohan. second/
Three-legged race— McCall and Van Kirk,
flr?t; Caldron and C rowel 1, second.
F. L. Griffiths was president of the gen
eral committee; A. Calderon, vice presi-
Odd Fellows Had a Merry
Time at Their Annual
Outing..
DANCED UNDER
SHADING TREES
AT LOS GATOS
Reception— Charles McHenry,.Dr. Herrington
Ernest Swann. Joseph Ha Ran, H. Plath, T
W. Goddard. J. C. Conklln, L. Hraddock, L
IV. Hale, Louis Klein, S. O. Fales, rieverino
itosFl. F. H. Schott. F. Marinl, M. Estudillo
E. Schuller, M. Gomez and J. Dowd.
Mission Lodge— F. L. Griffiths, S. M.
Reynolds and G. A. Mauerhan.
Thomas M. Millar was floor manager
His assistant was E. Klmball. Following
are the various committees who worked
so hard to make the affair a success:
Floor— M. Calderon, J. M. Kelly, G. B. Uoger
son, P. II. Uolne and George \V. Haley.
Games — J. W. Murphy (chairman). G. W
Filbert, J. Comossel, O. W. Tangrye and J. W.
Heise.
dent; O. Jansen, secretary, and S. M.
Reynolds treasurer. The different lodges
were represented as follows:
California Lodge— Daniel Parker, R.
Murden and O. Jansen.
Golden Gate Lodge-A. Calderon, T. Es
tudinn and L. Vlscari.
Steals Horses and. Bugrgies.
John Flyr.n. who has a penchant for
stealing horses and buggies and selling
them, was sentenced to six months In the
County Jail by Ju.]gf> Fritz yesterday
He has been arrr«=ted a number of times
BENEFIT FOR SUNDAY
LECTURE ASSOCIATION
The concert, vocal and instrumental,
given in the Metropolitan Temple last
evening for the benetit of the Sunday Lec
ture Association was a very meritorious
affair. It embraced a staccato from
Wldor's fifth symphony, which was per
formed on the organ by "William B. Kins,
one of Widor's pupils, very cleverly; two
part songs by Spofl'orth ' and Fanning,
which were given by the Choral Club of
twenty young-, ladies and gentlemen; a
bravura song-*so it was described on the
programme— by Luckstone, which was
cleverly done by Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark,
although the programme description was
a misnomer; a harp solo by Airs Nathan
I>andsberger; a 'contralto solo, "O ma
Lyre l'rumortelle," by Gounod, which was
sung dramatically and effectively by Mrs.
Grace Morei-Dickman; "Salve Dlmora,"
from "Faust," by Alfred Wllkie; two
pleasing little madrigals of the sixteenth
century, bubbling over, with quaint melo
dic graces, which were sung by Mrs. Hert-
Mark, Mr«. Dickman and Messrs. Wilkle
and Lloyd; "There'll Never Be One Like
You," rendered by Robert Lloyd; a
Wienlawski number for the violin, which
gave opportunity for an exhibition of the
technical skill and singing tone of Nathan
Landsberger; a duet by Dudley Buck,
"Dews of the Summer Night," sung by
Mrs. Dickman, and Mr. "Wilkie and
Gounod's "Ave Maria," with violin and
harp accompaniment, sung by Mrs. Hert-
Mark. ;
This Indicates variety, but not all the
variety, for every number on the pro
gramme was followed by an encore, . so
that the performance was long. There
has not been a better planned concert In
a long time. Some of the success was due
to' a. clever accompanist, who modestly
kept his name off the programme.
OX Tuesday afternoon shortly after
5 o'clock Miss Emma Smith at
tempted suicide in a room in the
rear of Dehay's liquor store at 518
Valencia street. At the time the un
fortunate girl was In the company of Dr.
Walter S. Thorne of the Harbor Hospital
and another physician friend, who rushed
out to summon the police and more med
ical aid. By the time the called-for as
sistance arrived Miss Smith had, by
means of a back door, been spirited away
and the crowd which had assembled at
the wild shrieks of Thorne and his friend
were left without any solution to the mys
terious attempt at self-destruction.
The girl who attempted to take her life
for no apparent reason and without any
evident forethought is the daughter of
a banker and a graduate of Mills Sem
inary. She is an extremely handsome
blonde and enjoys the reputation of being
a "good fellow." Miss Smith lives with
her mother at 522^j Valencia street.
Banker Smith and his wife have been
separated for some time, but up to two
months ago he has made ample provisions
for the daughter who on Tuesday last at
tempted to shufile oft the mortal coil.
The curiosity of the neighborhood to
learn the details of the attempt at self
destruction is no greater than thac of
the girl's own mother. To her anxious
questions the daughter has given but
evasive answers, and all the information
the poor woman who has a right to th«i
confidence of Emma Smith has i3 the
crumbs the daughter has dropped at odd
moments and what she has been able tu
gather from the neighbors who hastened
to the scene of the mystery.
"I went out on Tuesday early in the
afternoon," faid the heart-broken mother.
"When 1 left the house Emma, was at
home, but when I returned, at about 5
o'clock, she was no longer there. As It
came on toward 6 o'clock I looked out of
the window to see whether I could see
her coming. I saw there was considerable
Up to about two months ago -Emma's
father made liberal provisions for her.
Then he wanted her to come and make
her home with him. She refused, as the
discipline of a father's home was not to
her liking. He objected to her friends
and she took offense At his objections.
Emma Smith's attempt at self-destruc
tion evidently had no further results than
providing the Mission district with a well
seasoned mystery. She was out last even
ing, visiting a sick friend, and the mother,
who remained at home trying to unravel
the whys and wherefores of the attempted
suicide, sighed when she said: "I really
wished Emma were at rest forever."
There is apparently no common inter
ests between Emma Smith and her
mother, who declares that the girl has
been foolish and headstrong and hard to
manage. According to her mother she
has been keeping company with Thorne
for several years but there has been no
question of betrothaJ or marriage between
them.
"I don't think my daughter would
marry him." the mother said.
"Since then I have questioned my
daughter closely," said the mother, "and
from the little she told me I understand
that she went into Dehay's place to use
the telephone. There she met Thorne.
They had a quarrel. Then one of the
party said. "What's in life anyhow? 1 and
Emma, taking something, a vial or a po
tion, I don't know which, from Thorne,
drank it down, saying 'Here goes.' Then
Thorne got excited and rushed out for
medical assistance and rang in for the
ambulance."
commotion in the street and rushed down
stairs. Then I heard that my daughter
had tried to take her life in Dehay's store.
I rushed into the wine shop and tried to
Ko to my daughter, but they would not
let me see her. Dr. Thome and a friend
of his were with her at the time. Thome
was under the influence of liquor. After
a time Emma. Thorno and his friend
came upstairs to me. :
" 'What did you take?' I asked raj
daughter, but she just answered, 'Oh,
nothing;' and dressed and went out with
Thorne and his friend.
Board of Education Adopts Resolu
tions Thanking Faculty of
Lafayette School.
The Board of education met yesterday
nnd adopted the following resolutions,
testifying to the courage exhibited by the
faculty of the Lafayette School building
during the lire last Wednesday:
Wherpa.". By tho burning of the Lafayette
Primary Sch'x'l in this city on the afternon of
Wednesday, June €. lS«>0. during school hours, a
frightful catastrophe was threatened; and
»l:»»reas. through the prompt mnj orderly use
of the fire drill at Fuch time five hundred pri
mary pu;>I!s were marched, without the slight
est confuFion cr accident, from said burning
».chool buildlnz within the *;iace of two min
utep; and wh*>rca5, thlp hoara drslres to rec
ognize tiiat under Provld«>nc* this result was
obtained through the devot«J courage and cool
ness of Mlfs K. K. Casey, principal of Eaid
school, and cf her corps cf teachers; therefore
be it
Resolved. That thiF board hereby, on behalf
both of itself and of the people of San Fran
cisco, extend* it« most heartfelt and Krateful
thank? to MIfe Casey, as well as to her teach
ers. Miss J. M. Stewart. Miss M. Mcllugh,
Miss li. P.Ioch, Miss M. G. lHommedieu. MiS3
L. X. Jacobs, MiKS N. A. Jacobs. Miss L. O.
Lynn*. ;.:,:> L. Carroll and ills* J. Hoch
helmer for their courageous conduct durinc a
moFt trying crisis; and b« it further
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution
suitably enjrrofsed, be presented to each one
of the said ladies.
Chairman Mark stated that on account
of the low appropriation for the School
Department the board might find it neces
eary to rescind a resolution giving three
fifths of the tines imposed for absence of
teachers to. the Annuity Society. Action
however, was po«tponrd until next term.
The pupl'.s of the Lafayette School have
been Oizmlased for the term, with the ex
ception of those in the third and fourth
pades. who will take their examinations
in the OarftYld Primary.
Yesterday** meeting- "was called for the
purpose of adopting the record of the de
cision in the Kilpatriek trial. As the rec
ord had not Wen completed the meeting
adjourned until this morning.
COURAGE OF TEACHERS
IS HIGHLY COMMENDED
We are therefore of the opinion, upon prin
ciple and authority, that the afss-ssment as
t<i the jlalntlJ?. Mackay. was void. • • • V.'e
do not thir.k that the facts of this- case bring
the bo&ds as to the interest ot the plaintiff.
Dey, within the iu!e. As trustee he is the
owner of an undivided one-half cf them. • •
They have not lo?t their identity simply
tiy being on deposit in a bank in New York
City. • • • We advise that the Judgment bs
reversed and the court below dire'-ted to enter
Judgment en the finding? in favor of the plaint
iffs in the turn cf 114.222 and interest thtreoa
at the legaJ rate since November IS. 1&95.
It was so ordered by the Justices.
The decision pocs on to say that the
fconds could not be assessed to the trus
tees, either in San Francisco, Nevada or
New York, because both do not live in
cither place, and adds:
The plaintiff* therefore as trustees -were the
owners of the le<ral title to the property at
the time of the aswfsnient. The general rule
Is that personal property in the hand* of a
trustee is to be ass:*sed to him at his place
of domicile.
At the time of the distribution the
bends mentioned were In a bank in New
York City, deposited in the names of the
trtastee* jointly. The Tax Collector of
this city compelled the payment of the
taxes thereon to the amount of $28,445,
but the payment was made under protest
and action was brought to recover the
same. In the lower court judgment went
to the city, and an appeal was taken. The
Supreme Court states that the question
to be determined was the situs of the
bonds for the purpose of taxation. Com
missioner Cooper, who wrote the decision,
cays:
Mrs. Fair died in 1*91. leaving a will in
which Mackay and Dey were named as
trustees and executors. Among ihe assets
cf the estate were bonds of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company of Arizona and
bonds of the West Shore Railroad Com
pany of TCew York, aggregating: in value
SI .262 .000. In August. lb&4. the administra
tion of the estate was closed, and a de
cree of final distribution was entered
¦whereby these bonds and certain other
personal and real property were distribut
ed to Mackay and Dey as trustees under
the terms of the will. At the time of
distribution Mackay was a legal resident
of Nevada and lived in New York City.
where he transacted the greater part of
his business. Dey was and is a resident
of San I'rancisco.
An interesting decision has been handed
down by the Supreme Court in the case
of John W. Mackay and R. V. Dey. trus
tees under the will of the late Theresa
Fair, apalnst ihe city of San Francisco
and former Tax Collector J. N. Block.
Bonds Owned by Late "Widow of tlie
Dead Millionaire Could Not
Be Assessed to John W. '
liackay.
City Will Be Forced to Re
fund About Fifteen Thou
sand Dollars.
SUPREME COURT
OPINION FAVORS
FAIR TRUSTEES
Another peculiarity in the budget is the
Item of "interest and sinking fund, new,
J20S,500," for which a tax of .0556 has been
levied, also outside of the dollar limit.
This amount represents what the bonds
for the park panhandle, new school
houses and sewers will cost the taxpayers
next year, and yet the bonds have not
yet been issued and their legality has not
even: yet been passed upon by the court
before which the test case was taken.
Should the bonds be declared illegal the
amount collected for interest and sinking
fund will be of no avail and the tax
payers will have been mulcted to the tune
of J20S.500. At any rate the money will be
available long before the bonds are ready
to be floated, should the decision be in
their favor.
On and before the last Monday of June in
each year the Supervisors shall levy the
amount of taxes for city and county purposes
required to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall be
sufficient to provide for the payment during
the fiscal yejlr of all demands upon the treas
ury authorized to be paid out of the same;
but such levy, exclusive of the State tax and
the tax to pay the Interest and maintain the
sinking fund of the bonded Indebtedness of
the city and county and exclusive of the tax
to pay for the maintenance and improvement
of the parks, squares and public grounds, shall
not exceed the rate of one dollar on each $100
valuation of the property assessed.
It -is very probable that this item will
have to be eliminated from the levy. The
peculiar fact is developed that the money
for the protested taxes was duly paid into
the city treasury and absorbed in the
general fund. Now it is asserted that the
money has been paid out. and so the tax
payers are to bo taxed to pay back these
sums, which the city has used for vari
ous purposes.
In the tax budget which was adopted
by the Board of Supervisors last Monday
provision was made for a levy of .0113. in
addition to the rate of 51 for the city's
current expenses, for the repayment of
taxes and bonds paid under protest, and
amounting to $66,785. In making this pro
vision, the board has exceeded its powers,
as the charter expressly specifies that the
only levy allowed outside of the dollar
limit is for interest, sinking and park
funds. The-.board, therefore, had no au
thority vested in it to levy a tax in ad
dition to the dollar for municipal expedl
tures in order to repay those taxes which
must now be returned to the propeity
owners The section of the charter bear-
Ing on the tax levy is as follows:
Only the Park, Interest and Sinking
Funds May Be Provided For
Outside of the Fixed
Eate.
Sum to Repay Protested
Taxes Is Not Collectable
Under Charter.
PORTION OF THE
NEW TAX LEVY
IS NOT VALID
THE SAN • FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.
Mission Mystery, With Emma Smith
and Dr. W. S. Thome for the
. Central Figures.
BANKER'S DAUGHTER
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Hiss Emma Smith.
LIMA. Ohio. June 7.— Policeman Phil Ooebel
met two highway robbers on the street who
had previously robbed Druggist J. E. Mell
The men fired on the officer, wounding him!
but he promptly returned the lire and killed
one of the men. The other fled. No paner*
were rnund by which to identify the dead
man. Officer Ooebel will recover.
The offense charged against Miyakawa is
that of extorting $25 from S. Muira. a
Japanse woman who kept a house at 512
Dupont street.
S. Muira testified that on May 10 Mlya^
kawa, accompanied by Frank Kane, sec
retary of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Suppression of Vice, and a hunchback,
called at her house and said that the
house must be closed shortly and her li
cense revoked. They each exhibited a star
and said they belonged to the City Hall.
They returned three or four days later
and said she would have to close that
nisht. Miyakawa wanted $25 to fix things.
Y. Katyama. another Japanese woman,
corroborated the previous witness. Miva
kawa asked her to call at his office. Sh©
went and he told her he must have $23
from Muira or the place would be closed.
She told him she would not be a mes
senper for him for such a purpose. He
locked her In his office and kept her there
for some time, trying to Induce her to get
the $2T> from the Muira woman, but she
refused and he let her go. The case will
be resumed next Tuesday afternoon. "
12
I ADVEB.TISEMENTS. | iw .
/ <jj£f \5?f^ \ / yKv\ Outing Overalls are the
iliL I - 1-1/ ir i\ V ' \v}\ thing for him with the
1 pBf Mffliii rmran ' m. '' l\ J\ llrs are made with
Jv f I W^fflfill/i^lTO I ll^i \ \\ \\ the elastic suspender fas-
mx \\7&Y 'nNif Mini 4 Iliilmi' \ I tenin$,and we have in-
|m^ I Gs If *%2^ W^ fr*wi$r ' * -I fused our own ideas into
ilT^ r U|sL/ • IrvW •¦' '1 the huildin * °f thes&
\ >$NnX[i ' V fDf fill overalls. They're made
m l^!^iPig^ J H REINFORCED
V j^ I \m crotch and are our usual
'J^^^Wlv^^^?^ 1 • /I/ Oc overalls '
Vvl /viyffi^nl T Tf I ' ' Xfl You know howwe build
v '. ss^*sk^1 t \ '¦/ 7/ M°°ds — better than any
W~^\ / These go on special sale,
' ' ¦ ' ii quantity limited to a,
THE FRISCO BODY'S.
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue.
AJJ VEKTISKBULN TS.
Summer §£
j| ....Skirts **Z
"_qm, -which flt ar.d 3»"
=| A! Sale Prices jj|
-=§! fast black and *S&*
~^Dm reJucc'j from ygr"*
'"~S2I 52.50 to 5i.ro. 5jC
f| I.8MGNIN & CO. |=
-*§g5 810 Market Street.
•^Cijfl Opp. Fourth.
**yA Manufacturers and Retail-
> sr*5 rrs at Wholesale Trices.
mmmmm
: _
'Tis Very
Close Prices
We are Selltns
Ctiln.i
- Crockery
Glussware
Come Just to Look
Grai Assricaa InmortlE Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
riO-2)'.' Urant Ave. „ iKtt. butter aad i»o«t\.
SO Market St. (Upp. PowelU.
140 Sixth St.
»i Hayes St. ' m Third St.
1413 folk St. Ml Montfcomsry Avtw
I51S Mission St. 7« Larkln St.
S006 Sixteenth St. m? I;evl-»ad»ro 3
14S Ninth St. 4W Hafeht St. 1
tw» Klllmor* St. SJSS Mission St.
C2 Market St. . rtSJ Uth St.
OAKLAND STORES.
lC;** Washington St. MS B. lit* St.
1237 Broadway. USS 23d At*.
U10 Scvcntt St. uu Park St.. At«^ nt<aL
THE
OUR GRAMOPHONE
REVOLUTIONIZED.
Silence is golden in the
presence of an ordinary
talking machine— but the
man who made the proverb
would take- it back if he
heard the Zon-o-phone.
TTPE A
Is an exceedingly handsome machine, encased
In a chartered -oak cabinet, piano finish pH-
Jared corner*, with sides of beveled plate glass
showing working of the mechanism. Kurninhed
with burnished brass horn. Price. $25.<hj.
OTHER I'LAIN'ER STYLES AT 9SO.OO and
$22.50.
Fltt. Imperishable disc records have always
been one of the distinctive features of our
trade, and In no branch of our business have
there been made so many and t-o marvelous ad-
vances s.e 1n the art of recording and repro-
ducing itound.
RECORDS. l»Oc each. Complete- descriptive
catalogue cent free. Zon-o-phoneg constantly on
exhibition at
Shermao. Clay & Co.'s Music Hoass,
CORNER KEARXY AXD BUTTER STS., & F. .