actly at what place. The history of the i
case as 'given by his friend. Li Bo. who
lives in Washington alley, is as follows:
The man had been, sick for about ten
days, . having chilly sensations and; fever.
He grew rapidly worse a few days be
fore his arrival at the city, which com
pelled him to stop work. . He arrived in
Ban Francisco on the evening of April 23
and went Immediately to his friend's,
whom. he asked to take him in and care
for him as he was .very sick. LI Bo
not having room in Washington alley
took him to St. Louis place, a small alley
Just in the rear of the old theater, where
he (Li Bo) had retained a room, having
once. been an actor. . rie. took his friend
in this small room and • administered to
him until 5 o'clock in the afternoon 'of
the following day, when the patient. dled. !
He was removed to an ' undertaking es
tablishment on-Pacific . street .and -was
seen by Dr. Ke!lo?r, who made an exami
nation i of 'the body s and . found ; a - large,"
, - . NUMBER SEVEN.
Chu Sam, male, age S3. 1
This case was discovered on May 11. at
717 Jackson street. Dr. Wilson, the As
sistant Cltv Physician, in his ordinary
visits, discovered the corpse of this:man
*vot being able to satisfy himself of the
cause of. death, he asked Dr. Kellogg
to come * and .make tho autopsy. No one
saw- the ¦ case before death. He was seen
ten •¦hours after "death -br 'Dr. "Kellogg..
well defined swelling 1 in the right groin.
This 'was opened and found to consist of
a mass of large glands, and the direct ex
amination of which revealed the plague
organism in great numbers. Animal in
oculations were made, which conformed
in every particular. ' -. . ,.
.; V, NUMBER SIX.
First Chinese girl, from the gland
Short' bacillus with rounded ends, with
bi-polar stain. ¦ Many dtplo-bacllli scat
tered, throughout th<! field.
times* during the day. When the doctor
examined her it was discovered that she
was suffering from obstinate constipation
and acute pain in the abdomen on the
right side. . She made a diagnosis cf ty
phoid fever. On the following day the
temperature was less, pulse had increased
In frequency and the girl was delirious,
and she immediately »took steps to have
her removed to the Pacific Hospital. where
she died on Sunday morning. Dr. Hess,
the physician in charge, stated that the
girl arrived at the hospital in a moribund
condition. No clinical history could be
obtained from the case except that fur
nished by the attending physician, as the
girl was in a semi-comatose condition —
practically moribund. The girl died at 2
o'clock Sunday morning. When the case
was admitted the doctor examined it and
found practically the fame as had been
stated by the attending physician, particu
lar, attention being attracted toward the
trouble in 'the right ¦ side- This -was very
By Orders of the Board of Health Chinatown Is Once More Quarantined.
""•'¦ ... ¦• ¦ , i
rotmds the District.
THE Board of Supervisors held a
special meeting yesterday morn
ing, and after listening to the
statements made by Dr. William
son, chairman cf the Board of
Health: Assistant Surgeon of the Marine
Hospital Klnyoun. Dr. Bazet of the State
Board of Health. Vice President J. C.
Stubbs of the Southern Pacific Company,
and William F. Thomas, representing the
fruit canners. adopted resolutions empow
ering the Board of Health to quarantine
persons, houses, places and districts when
in its Judgment It 13 deemed necessary tc
prevent the spreading of contagious and
Infectious diseases. The ordinance went
into effect Immediately and thereupon the
Beard of Health adjourned to Its own
chambers and adopted resolutions in
structing the Health Officer to place a quar
antine In the district bounded by Broad
way. Montgomery avenue. Kearny. Cali
fornia and Stockton streets. The resolu
tions follow:
'"Whereas. After a careful and mlnut«
BOARD OF HEALTH ORDERS
CHINATOWN QUARANTINED
Supervisors Give It Proper Authority
and a Cordon of Folics Now Sur-
NUMBER TWO.
Vamr Chii Gan. male. nccC 22; died
March 15 at. 723 Sacramento street. ' .
The flrff case, discovered March's, was
that of Wing Chup Ging, male, age 41,
at 1901 Dupont street.
He first <*amo under the observation of a
Chinese physician -afier having been 111
Fix months. ar<-ordlr.c to the statement
of the Ir.tter. This is all that -,1s known
of the clinical.
bodies of the dead Chinamen and which
had been preserved by Dr. KInyoun of
the Marine Hospital and Dr. Kellogg,- the
bacteriologist of the Health Board. This
was getting- down to bottom facts. Every
question of diagnosis hinges upon the
microscopical demonstration of the actual
existence of the plague bacillus either In
rhe living or the dead body. And here
were the tests as presented by Drs. Kin
youn and Kellogg. Dr. KInyoun sent his
microscope and specimen slides and Dr.
Kellogg brought not only those micro
scopic preparations which he himself had
made but also several portions of in
fected organs ?aid to have been removed
from the nine dead todies which now
leave such mute but valuable testimony
for accurate scientific Investigation. All
of these specimens were examined witfl
great deliberation in connection with Drs.
ICinyoun and Ke.Iogg. the entire morning
being consumed in so doing. I personally
examined every specimen, and the exist
ence of the bubonic plague bacillus In all
of them admits of no shadow of doubt.
So sure as these were removed from the
bodies so sure am I that the cases In
point were those of plague. The history
of tho nine cases occurring from March
C to May 15 is very Interesting, and I make
po npology for the following fart? related
cor.jclntlv by Drs. KInyoun and Kellogp:
HISTORY OF TIIK CASES— NUMBER
I^atv An. aged 3S* died April 24, in St.
Louis n 1 1 c v. J flMfPatf*
Thi? man left the -city some; time ago.
probably at the date cf the first. exodus
vrhen the Health Board commenced its
inspection of Chinatown In March. He
went to work • on. a farm on . the Sacra
raento River. It'. was not ascertained ' ex-
NUMBER FIVE
L*c Sung -King, male, aged 47; died
March IS in Onelda place.
The body was discovered In an advanced
state of decomposition and supposed to
have been deaa for several days, and
there were no buboes observed. The
glands removed, however, were found to
be reddr-ned. but supposed. to have been
due to decomposition. Microscopical ex
amination revealed the presence of short,
round-ended bacilli in larere. numbers
which corresponded in all the tests sub
jected of the plague germ.
NUMBER FOUR.
Ng Ach Ging, male, aged 25; died March
17 at 905 Dupont street.
This case was one of the four which pre
sented the characteristics after death of
rapid decomposition, occasioning the
black appearance of the body which is so
commonly associated with the disease and
fiving to it the name of the "black
eath."
In the specimens removed from this
body the typical plaeue bacilli were found
with characteristic bl-polar staining— two
little blue snots ripht in the center
of the field. That organism decolors with
Gram's method and conforms to all the
culture tests of the plague organism. Thjs
organism was compared with two cul
tures: one from Bombay and one from
Kitasato, one of the leading bacteriolo
gists cf the world. '•' ;
NUMBER THREE.
In this case the authorities were not
able to get any clinical history-
And thK after aK. was the sample an
swer "to the question, showing the Mon
golian contempt for the advance of sci
ence. But there was nn#ther obiect In
view In taking thl? Inspection under the
most favorable circumstances of thor
oughness of search. The officer who ac
companied me. Sergeant OSbscn. was real
lv tne man who knew more of the Inner
life of Chinatown. Its good and bad aide,
than anybody who rou!d have been se
lected. Thus I rould eo anywhere and
come upon the different oerupantn of the
hovels as a privileged visitor. Serjeant
Gibson had a very peculiar way of an
nouncing his presence. A smart rap at
the door, a hello, the emphasis of a kick,
a few Chinese words unintelllsrlble to me.
and then the locked door was slowly
opened and we w»re grimly welcomed In-
Having snch facilities for inspection, the
main object of the visit— that «f seeir"s
any sick in Chinatown— was all that could
be wished for. Whenever I entered the
dimly lighted apartments T looked for
some sick person. In all the tour, how
ever, in all the search of nuarters inn<*
cessibte to other than the police *>r Health
Board, even in the highbinders' quarters,
those of the hatchetmen and murderer*,
no case of even suspected plague was to
be seen, nor illness of any kind.
There was no difficulty In obtalnlr.gr Indi
vidual views In regard to the value of the
medicine, a* the Chinese call It. There
was therefore no suspicion created when
the question was nut in turn as to wheth
er a particular Chinaman whom we met
had submitted to the treatment. In the
course of the conversation with each Chi
naman met the question was put to him.
"Did you get any of the medicine?" In
variably there was the omlnou" shake o*
the head, the shrus: of the shoulder so pe
culiar to the Chinaman. His mouth se«>m*
to crack or rather *plit open, as if It were
worked with p spring. The rorners of M3
mouth would be furrowed with perpendic
ular wrinkles showing only the mobile
part of his face, the re«t rtf the skin over
his« facebeinjr a v*m-v tight fit.
•'"What? I take medicine? No — no! Bad
medicine. Make sick. Man here go to
white doctor, feel wpII. No ask h!m «plt
medicine In arm. Mm feel pood. Next
day feyer burn uo. Cold In ba<*k. Sick
two days. "What for nil this? Make mn
sick? 'Get doctor? Chinaman hnv« be
rich get monev my doctor! BoarJ Health
no pood, you bet!"
NUMBER NINE.
Name, Herr Woon Jock; male, aged 33:
died May 14 at 740 Pacific street. This
patient had recently arrived from Stock
ton, was a tailor, and farther than this
the health authorities have been unable
to learn anything of the history of thJ
case.
Desiring to become acquainted as much
as possible with the conditions of China
town I took another opportunity of visit
ing the district last night under an escort
from the Chief of Police. As I had seen
Chinatown In daylight. I was anxious, for
certain obvious reasons, to visit it at
night, when the Inhabitants were more or
less at leisure and had congregated for
conference and amusement In their dif
ferent resorts; in other words. I desired
to see some of the home life of the Chi
namen. This intention was carried out as
far as possible without exciting any more
attention than would be occasioned by a
casual visitor. Opportunity were thus of
fered me of mixing freely with them and
In a purely friendly way.
It was the first time for a long period
when all the different amusements wero
In full blast: when Chinamen were freely
mingling with each other In social inter
cou,rse and crowding the sidewalks. It
was very evident, however, that there
was something cf a very serious character
which was disturbing the community, and
this was verv easily discovered to be In
connection vrlth the "threatened quarantine
of Chinatown, which in mysterious Ori
ental fashion had been reported to the
people. After the usual friendly saluta
•tJons with different groups th« -artf-eon-
Btltuted spokesman of the party with duo
concern would ask us If we had heard tho
news, and then almost In the same breath
would refer to the report concerning tha
threatened quarantine. There seemed to
be a unanimously adverse opinion against
this proposed act en the part of the Board
of Health, which was expressed In dif
ferent degrees of vehemence, with accom
panying emphatic gesticulations. .
'•"What for quarantine Chinamen? EThut
Chinamen up. business go to devil. No
plague here. What good . quarantine
plague when no plague? Want Chinaman
starve? No business. No go out Stat©
without medicine inject In arm. shoulder,
anywhere? "What for have medicine when
no sick and medicine make sick?"
painful on pressure, and he suspected
either perforation or appendicitis. No en
larged gland? were noted. The girl was
taken to a Chinese hospital, where the
body was spin by Dr. Kelioggr. the bac
teriologist of the Health Beard of San
Frar.c!.,r',; who made the post mortem
examination. Dr. Klnyoun was also pres
ent at the post mortem. On arj examina
tion* of the body a swelling was seen on
the inner side of th^ right thigh, which,
on removal, was found to be a mass of
enlarged g!ar:«ls». A portion of thl3 glandu
lar mass was given to Dr. Kinyoun. who.
Independently, made a miTnscopical ex
amination as well as nrtmal inocula
tions. Both of these examinations revealed
the presence of the plague organism.
The bacteriological preparation from
this rase was that of a spleen of a guinea
pig. inoculated from the gland taken
from a bubo of the subject. It contained
the short bacilli in enormous numbers.
having rounded ends, bi-pclar and many
diplo-baeilli. This is the only case of
which there is any clinical history-
Case eight was a girl who was seen on
the second day of her illness by a repu
table female physician. Dr. Worley. who
stated that she was called in to see this
girl and found her suffering from a high
fever. Temperature 105. headache, pros
tration and bordering on delirium. The
female said she had been sick for two
days previously with headache, backache
and giddiness, and had to He down several
NUMBER EIGHT.
The body presented nothing suspicious of
plague, with the exception that the tem
ppiature was ur.usuutly warm for that
periou after death. There were no bu
tx^es. It was> thought at that time that
the ea*e might have been one of beri
beri. Next day, thirty hours had elapsed
from the time of death, the body was
discovered to be in a very advanced stage
of decomposition, which is onff of the
post mortem conditions of the plagne.
and hence the common name of '"black
death." The heart muscle was degen
erated with pale yellowish and thin
walls. There was marked Intestinal con
gestion, with considerable blood In the
heart sac and in the abdominal cavity.
The spleen was very much enlarged, as
is usual in these eases. The inoculations
from the spleen were negative on ac
count of the advanced stage of decom
position of the organ. The inoculations
from the glands previously removed were
made as soon as possible after death,
with the result that the animals died—
typical Indications of the plague. The
animals were sruinea pigs, and they died
in six days with all the usual symptoms
of plague, which were corroborated by
the patholotrieal examination and the re
covery of plaeue organism from the blood
and spleen of the animal.
T^ESIRING to become acquainted as much as possible 'with the conditions of Chinatown', 1 took
fS another opportunity of visiting the district last night under an escort from the Chief of Police:
As I had seen Chinatown in daylight, I was. anxious for obvious reasons to visit it at night
when the inhabitants were more or less at leisure and hadlcongrc gated for conference and amusement
in their different resorts; in other zvords, I desired to sec same of the home life of the Chinamen.
Having such facilities for inspection, the main object of the visit, that of seeing any sick in
Chinctcziu, zees all that could be wished for. Whenever*!, entered the dimly lighted apartments I
looked for some sick person. In' ail the tour, hozL'CZ'cr, in all the search of quarters inaccessible to
other than the police or Health Bocvd, even in highbinders' quarters, those of the hatchet -men and
murderers, no case of even' suspected plague teas to be seen nor. illness of any kind. — Excerpt from
the second dax's report of Dr. George F. Shrady..
Coolies Evade at Will the Decree of the
* Officials and Reduce the Restrictions
Upon Them to an Absurdity*
Chinatown Placed Under Quaran
tine by Orders of the Local
Board of Health*
NO CASE OF ILLNESS OR
ANY KIND IN CHINATOWN
C&pyrle^t. WOO. »**• th« Hrrald Publishing
WHATEVER may be satd to the
contrary hero, there is In ny
cpir.lon rerta!^;-.- no disposition
ca the part of the medical mem
bers of the Health Beard of San Fran
cieco ncr of ?*e Marire Hospital service
to ¦withhold any scientific facts •which roar
fcssist toward developing the actual con-
in the District.
I>r. Shrady. the Fnncus Expert, Fails
to Find a Single Case of Illness
SEARCHING FOR DISEASE
IN DENS OF CHINATOWN
Chinatown is now theoretically in
quarantine. The Board of Health ap
peared yesterday before the Supervisors,
made its representations and was criven
permission to ¦ quarantine anv district
that the Health B<-*ard -believed should
be so supervised. Chinatown was there
fore pheed under quarantine and 100
police officers were sent to enforce the
order :n the district. The result wns not
by any means creditable to the Board
of Health, ns the quarantine is one only
in name. Chinese have absolute liberty
to communicate with their friends out
side o{ the district.
Goods ere passed freely in and out.
the Chinese having simply to $ro to the
line and transact their business. Street
cars, crowded with pzssenffers. traverse
the district without molestation. Chi
nese servants come and co practically
ss they please as long ns their violations
of the orders of the Health Board nre
rot too open. The quarantine is an ab
surdity. When it was first placed offi
cers would allow teamsters to leave the
district, but insisted upon retriininz
•within the district their teams. Notes
to. Chinese might be passed into the
iires but not out of them, and while
hundreds of coolies jabbered within the
lines on Stockton street hundreds more
on the v.-cst side cf the thoroughfare
r-,ade merry over th<* feet th*»t ih-oueh
the wisdom of the Health 3o;-rd thev
and their habitation* were free from re
striction. Last night the ' imprisoned
Chinese be£3ti an nzit?ticm which mnv
rnd in a demand upon the city to supplv
food to the denizens of the Quarantined
aparter. It is claimed that unless the
city Provides for the quarantined Chi
rese famine will result.
| OCAL and Federal health officials
I are now acting in hearty co-
L-_- operation with Dr. George
F. Shrady. the famous physician who is
in San Fmr.ci?co at the request of the
New York Herald and The Call to in
vestigate the circumstances which hsve
led to the widespread reports that bu
tonic plague exists in this city. The
grave importance of the mission of the
eminent specialist is universally con
ceded. 1 1 is ability in the field in which
he has won distinction is recognized and
the authorities without exception de
clare their confidence in hi« opinions.
The natter is of such serious moment
to the people of this citv that every
thing possible has been done to facili
tate the labors of Dr. Shrady and to as
sist him in reaching ihe conclusions
which will mean so much to San Fran-
CISCO.
As The Call has already announced, it
is ready to publish the actual conditions
in reference to this matter, whatever
they may be. If the bubonic placue i<
in Sen Francisco common justice dic
tates thst the people of the city should
know it in order that they may be
warned against contagion and be placed
in a position to stamp out the di seise
quickly and effectively. If the dread
disease :s not in the city the fact should
be proclaimed to the world in ordcr.that
the tremendous. injury new being in
fiicted by exaggerated and sensational
rumor shall not be allowed to continue
It is cycles* to distcnisc the fact t'iat
the people of this city are dissatisfied
srilh the rn-nr.er in .vhich local and
Federal officers have conducted ther-.
se!ve« in reference to the ?en c atioral de
velopment*. Re -idem <~>fncir<ls do not
pos c e c s the confidence of the peoole of
San Francisco, and it i= a matter of con
gratulation that an expert, in nrhose
opinions and conditions a universal
confidence U felt. i> here to make an.ex
h-::-rive .~n<i critical irrorriry. Whatever
Dr. 5hT-nJy nr*v discover or determine
The Call, in frufilJroent of its duty to the
people of the city, will publish.
. Dr. Shran.y has now finished his in
spection of the flides tarnished to him
by the local Board of Health and by
Federal Quarantine Officer Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun. These slides, the local cfin
cisi? declare, were nude from snecimens
taken from dead Chinese in this city.
Dr. Shrady has made a pcrsoml exami
nation of them and-says that thev show
conclusive evidence that thev are bu
bonic plague. The greit expert doe?
not concern himself with the reliability
of the ]r cz) officials, b«.U confines him
self solely to his opinion of the charac
ter of the germs submitted to him.
He has also made another tour of
Chinatown and declares positively and
emphatically that after a thorough in
spection of the Chinese quarter in places
where only the police and health official*
may gro he has been unab'e to discover
a single ccse of any illness, much
less a case of bubonic plajrue. He will
continue his investigations until he hi c
exhausted every avenue of inanity and
information, and The Call will publish
rns reports as he makes them without
. any effort whatever to color or distort
Dr. George F* Shracly Critically
Examines Germ Specimens Sup
plied by Health Officers*
The Famous Expert Gives His Impressions
of tht Conditions Prevailing in the Filth
District of the City*
ditlon of the much-mooted and at present
all-abpcrblns question of the plague sit
uation.
I certainly have no reason to complain
of any want of facilities in that direction.
As "proof of this I have had the rare
privilege cf examining; all the plague cul
tures said to have been removed from the
INVESTIGATING EXPERTS INSPECT CHINATOWN AND
FAIL TO FIND A SINGLE CASE OF ANY ILLNESS
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 191.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ONE
then
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.plate on IT. J. King's Wild Irishman. J.
Reiff won the Ncrbury plate vn Privado.
,• . ¦» .
In England there Is a marked decrease
In the number of prisenprs for trial In tho
winter assizes. It is supposed to be be
cause so many men have pone to the wa»*
that employment Is plentiful, and on<? ot
the chief incentives to crim»- — want of
carnival was opened to-day with glorious
weather. Good fields are promised
throughout the meeting. The attendance
was large. The Prince of Wales and most
of the sporting notabilities were present.
The American* jockeys opened well. Ted
Sloan winning the Craven stakes on Mr.
Lewis' bay colt Joubert and the Egmont
evening by the ladies of the Hotel Kepe
lier for the benefit of Father J. P. Coyle's
church, Star of the Sea. on Polnt'Lobos
avenue. Seven hundred guests crowded
Into the hotel parlors and enjoyed the
splendid programme, offered. After the
musicale there was a supper and dancing.
Those who contributed to the evening's
programme were R. George iireen. Horace
White, will Osilvle. G. Hammersmith.
Miss Zue Geery; Thomas Tlickev. William
Finnie. Mrs. Roeckel, Miss Nell Couch
and William Hynes. The following ladles
had charge of the affair: Miss E. I. Fos
ter. Mrs. H. J. Gallagher. Miss Klsle Mor
aehnn. Miss A. Hnyes,' Miss D. Qulgley.
Miss Annie Humphrey. Mrs. J. J. Burke,
Mrs. F. A. Kelton. Miss Etta Scbammel.
Miss Florence Marlnovich. Miss Nell
Couch. Miss Mary Coyle. The entertain
ment netted for the church over $600.
here. The climatic condition of this city
Is similar to Sydney. The rats were
found dying In this city in Chinese houses
when, the first case of plague, made its
appearance. I have been infofmetl by a
Chinese, whese name I could not ascer
tain, that plague existed in Chinatown in
February last."' ' ¦ -•
Supervisor McCarthy then asked Dr.
Kinyoun If the plngue germ was a diffi
cult one to discover.
"The reason for my question," said Mc-
Carthy, "is that I have been Informed
that a slid* 1 containing the cultures of real
bubonic plague was submitted to you by
the last Board of Health and you pro
nounced them germs of pneumonia.
Dr. Kinyoun did not relish this remark,
and replied that the slide which had been
r-ubmitted to him contained bacilli of pneu
monia, whatever else It may have con
tained before It came to him. Dr. Kin
youn objected to dragging past history
Into th*> controversy, on 1 the ground that
it might hurt the reputation of some
prominent mrdical men who had been im
plicated in the deception, f •
I>r. Bazet of the local Board of Health,
who Is also a member of the State Board
of Health, said that the latter body was
convinced that there had .been plague in
the city and that there was grave danger
of Its spreading. To a question of the
Mayor if ban Francisco took care of her.
self whether. the State Board would keep
its hand ofr. Dr. Bazet replied that Dr.
Kinyoun had received a telegram from
Ur. Crowley, chairman of the State
Board, reading that if at.l o'clock in the
alternoon the proper authority . had not
been given to the Health Department a
meeting of the State Board would be
called to-day and the quarantine of San
>rancisco would be Immediately com
menced.
J. C. Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
Company addressed the board'as follow?:
\\hile you In San Francisco may not
}?e»eve that there is danger of plague.
CD.OOO.OOO people in the United State's be
lieve there is. If it exists or riot, you are
doing yourself an injustice if you do not
prevent Its dissemination. Dr. Kinyoun
Is an authority on the subject, and you
should take his word. San Francisco must
take effective measures to protect its citi
zens. We will be hemmed in by the quar
antine regulations of other States and our
industries will be paralyzed unless pome
thing is done. The Oakland Board of
Health; has notified the Southern Pacific
that no more passengers or freight will be
received from San Francisco and within
twenty-four hours this city will be Isolat
ed, lou will then have a quarantine not
only against the Chinese quarter, but
against every resident here.".
,On the advice of tho City Attorney that
the ordinance could be adopted imme
diately and then passed to print. In order
to provide for any technicality the vote on
the lfsolution was taken. All the meni
4 r f 7°i ed aye except 'McCarthy, who
slated. that he did so because he never be
lieved that there was any bubonic plague
in this city. • :¦ ¦ : ¦< ¦
To Provide for Whitt3.
The Board of Health then met and
adopted the resolutions providing for a
quarantine of the Chinese quarter. Chief
of Police Sullivan advised the board to
proceed cautiously. He said- there were
white people living In the quarter.. It was
tneo left to the discretion of the Health
Officer and Chief of Police to modify the
lines of quarantine and report ' to the
board.
• Dr. Kinyoun then suggested the pro
priety and necessity of providing com*
means of exit under proper sanitary In
spection to those who might wish to leuve
the quarter. It might b^necessary to de
populate houses of all inmates, and some
place should be provided. ,Tho China cove
at Angel Island or the Mission Rock ware
house might bo available.
Dr. Itaum lURgested that the street cars
might be allowrd to go through the lines,
but to take no passengers. on nor Allow
riding on the dummy while so doing. He
said it would be a hardship, to the resi
dents of the Western Addition if car traf
fic was stopped. This was opposed by
Chief Sullivan, who said that to make the
quarantine effective no one should be al
lowed through the lines. Dr. Kinyoun
questioned the advisability of the. plan,
though he thought it could be done under
strict sanitary conditions. He said that
the board would be subjected t" consider
able unfavorable criticism if any excep
tion was made to the quarantine. Not
withstanding this opposition a letter was
sent to Manager Vining by the board
notifying him of the existence of the
quarantine around Chinatown. The letter
continues:
"In o.rder that cars belonging to your
company shall continue to pass in . and
out of said district the following regula
tions must be carried out:
"1. All cars passing through the afore
said district must he fumigated at termi
nation of dally run. and under the direc
tion of the Health- Department.
"2. All passengers in transit must be
compelled to occupy the inside of cars
and not the dummy through the above
district. , . •. ,
"3. No one shall be permitted to ride
through this district on either platform
or dummy, except the grlpman and con
ductor. .
"At. Conductors' shall stop botn at en
trance and exit of district, in order that
inspection can be made by either health
officials or police.; , .. v ...
"Any violations of these regulations will
necessitate the immediate -stoppage of
cars in transit througli the district.
Later in the day Mayor Pheian gave out
this statement to the Associated Press:
"The situation in San Francisco is as
follows: Between March 7 and May 1»
nine dead bodies of Chinese taken from
the Chinese quarter showed -evidences of
bubonic plague. Since the latter date no
person sick of plague has been found nor
has there been any death. The City Board
of Health keeps up a constant inspection
in Chinatown, and in consequence of the
decision of the Federal courts preventing
inoculation of Chinese about to leave the
city the Chinese district itself will be
quarantined in> order to protect outside
territory from even the remotest possi
bility of . contagion. .There is no fear
whatever among the people of San Fran
cisco nor Is there any danger. There has
been no Infection in th?- city proper, al
though Chinatown has been open during
this period. -The : measures adopted are
merely precautionary./ No fact is con
cealed "and no danger need be appre
hended. '¦¦¦'
"JAMES D.. PHELAN, Mayor."
much the same as it did here."
The Mayor asked If the existence of the
p.ague had pver N-en seriously questioned
except by the newspapers, and Dr. Wil
liamson said that a few medical gentle
men were pkeptical. but that the majorit'v
opinion favored the fact that there had
keen plague caFes.
Brandenstein desired the presence of
Dr. Shrady. the modlcal .man who has
just arrived from Now York, and who
contended that th*>re was no dIiru*
existing here. Urandenstein said it was
H serious question and demanded the
most minute investigation before t?kinK
drastic measure* 1 .
William Thomas, who represents the
fruit canners, said: "The interests which
I represent would puffer more than any
other if a wrong decision in the matter i's
arrived at. We employ 10.000 people, and
most of them will be thrown out of em
ployment if the deefsion of the State
Board to quarantine San Francisco i*< car
ried out. Three propositions are in
volved. There have been a number of
deaths caused by this disease, but !• has
not reached the dignity of an epid-mic
Though no death has occurred since -.May
la. wp must not feel secure, as the hijttorv
of the plague proves that It disappears
only to appear again. Everybody -out-
Fide of ourselves believes it Is here; and
we should do something for ourselves
Are we going to wait for a general quar
antine by the State Board of Health or
are we to take proper precautions in or
der to stamp out the disease—rame
'>' t J la i-J :)f quarantining the Chinese sec
tion? The latter action is what we want
for fruit canners." •¦
Kinyoun's Explanation.
Dr. Kinyoun explained his conn^-ctlon
with the action taken regarding the
plague and about his organization -of a
train Inspection service and a bay pa
trol, made necessary by the stand "taken
by *rtner States. This service was af
terward withdrawn, though It prevented
the exedus of Chinese or Japanese with
out a proper certificate.
' /' My experience." said Dr. Kinyoun.
has been in laboratory work- in Vienna
and Parip, and there I made a special
study of the subject. I have no shadow
of doubt that the piague has existed and
that the condition of Chinatown is such
that it will always form a nucleus for
the spread of disease. There is no dif
ference between plague cases and plague
infection. I would rather treat patent
cases of plague than be wandering In
the dark. The poison Is there and must
be eradicated. We cannot know just
where that plague Infection exists un
less we take proper precautions. At this
crisis I can only reiterate the orders of
my chief— a sanitary cordon Is necessary
around the infected area, also a house to
house Inspection of. all inmates; any
cases found to be taken to a hospital and
any suspected ca?e3 to be removed to a
place provided for them. Chinatown must
be restricted— that Is. as to Ingress and
egress: the organization of a disinfecting
corps is Imperative, and the destruction
of all the rats must be immediately com
menced. — .
"The . history . of the plague In Oporto
and Sydney is such that similar results
may be looked for here. The disease In
Sydney confined itself to the water front
and It was proved that rats were the dis
semination of contagion. The- same ap
plies to Honolulu and . will also . appfy
JnvcsUjration had during a period of three
months last past, and from the result of
Investigations made by Drs. Kellogg, bac
tp-riploBist to the Board of Health, Mont
:BonitT5' of the University of California.
PphtiJs of the Cooper Medical College and
JL J. Kinyoun of the United States Marine
Hospital Service, each and all of* whom
have report od to this board that bubonic
plag-ue has exited in tho district hereaft
er mentioned, and that nine deaths have
y>ocurred within said period within said
district from said disease, and
':'. "Whereas, This board has reason to be
lieve and does believe that danger does ex
ist to trt? health of the citizpns of the city
and county of San Francisco by reason of
the existence of germs of the said dis
eese romainfnjj in the district hereafter
mentioned, now therefore be it
: '•Re-solvf-d, That the Health Officer b©
and is hereby instructed to place in quaran
tine until lurther notice that particular
district of the city bounded north by
'Broadway, northeast by Montjjomerv a-vo
-nue. fast by K^arny. south by Calffornla
.and west by Stockton streets, and that
•the Chief of Police is hereby requested to
iurnish Fuch assistance a« may be neces
sary to establish and maln'ain said quar
antine. Thef"» linfs mav bt modified by
line Health Officer or thi- Chief of.I'ollce.
the. Health Board to be notified of the
£tur.e. This resolution to take effect im
mediately."'
Quarantine on Again.
Chief Sullivan, who was present at the
meeting, immediately ordered the sur
rounding of the Chinese quarter men
tioned by a cordon of a hundred police
men, and this will be maintained until
the Health Hoard orders it removed.
At the met-ting of the Supervisors In
the morning Mayor Phelan Bald that the
object of the meeting was to hear from
ihe doctors and merchants regarding tho
existence of the bubonic plague in this
city. He stated that t)>e Board of Su
pervisors had not been taken into the
¦confiaence of the Board of Health for
prudential reasons. The decision of the
•court held that the Board of Health had
no-power to take action because no legis
lation «-mpow<-ring- them to do so had
been passed by tnp Supervisor?, and it
was ' deemed advisable to pass an ordi
nance providing for the quarantine of
Chinatown.
Dr. Williarr.Eon explained the situation
bv recounting a history of the alleged
plague. VOn March C," said Dr. Wil
liamson, "a case of plague was discov- i
rred and a quarantine was placed on
Chinatown, which was ultimately raised.
Since that time eight more cases have i
been discovered. No case has vet been
found in life, the corpse being the only
evidence at hand. The first case was In
vestigated by Dr. Kellogg, bacteriologist
of the board. Federal Inspector Kinyoun.
the bactt-rlolnglst of the university and
I>r. Montgomery, representing the Mer
chants' Association, and Dr. Ophuls of
the Cooper Medical College. The Board
of Health has faced newspaper criticism
and public opposition, and has thus been
hampered In its work. At no time has
the board contended that the plague was
epidemic. The board stand? firm in Us
contention that bubonic plague has ex
!st*>d in this city. It exists in Manila and
Sydney, and la the latter i>lace acted
CHINATOWN FAILS TO REVEAL A SIGN OF DISEASE
DISRUPTION OF RAISIN
ASSOCIATION PREDICTED
Status of M. Theodore Kearney Is to
Be Determined by Counsel for
the Directors, j
FRESNO, May 29.— A special meeting
of the directors of the California Raisin
Growers' Association was held to-day for
the purpose of determining the status of
M. Theodore Kearney as president of the
association. Mr. Kearney tendered his
resignation last Saturday contingent on
the refusal of the growers to in
crease his salary. The amendment to this
effect failed of a legal majority and the
growers v/ho remained after the comple
tion of the count voted to accept the res
ignation. Kearney holds that the number
who remained was too small to bind the
growers and wants to continue in office in
order to carry out arrangements with the
packing firms. The board submitted the
matter to counsel to-day, and it was the
outlook this afternoon that his request to
remain ?i.t the head of affairs without
prejudice and on the pledge, to resign as
soon as; the negotiations are completed
will be acceded to.
SENATOR HANNA WEARY
OF THE CHAIRMANSHIP
Again It Is D«clared That He Will
Not Direct the Coming
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— Senator Han
na does not expect to serve as chairman
of the Republican National Committee
during another Presidential campaign.
Without wavering m his allegiance to his
great and good friend. President McKin
ley, or without any feeling of doubt as to
the result of the election next November,
Senator Hanna has admitted that one
term as chairman of the National Com
mittee Is about as much as an ordinary
man cares to endure. Only those who
have had actual experience in that posi
tion can appreciate the immense amount
of mental and 'physical energy required to
faithfully exercise Its duties.
It is the present Intention of Senator
Hanna to pack up his traps as soon as
the convention adjourns and go to some
quiet retreat, where he may be free from
the cares and anxieties of political and
business excitement. He says his Health
demands that ho. shall take a good rest
and keep away from the bustle and con
fusion of public life for several months.
It is probable that he will go to his home
In Cleveland, where he will be In long
distance telephone communication with
Washington. He is deeply interested in
the result of 'the coming election, and he
does not hesitate to say so; but he is con.'
tident that the campaign will be properly
managed by the pentleman who will .be
selected to succeed him as chairman of
the National Committee.
Nothing definite is known at this time
as to his successor, as the privilege of
naming the chairman of the committee
belongs to a majority of the members of
the National Committee to be chosen at
the coming convention at Philadelphia.
Democratic Delegates.
Special Dippatrh to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, May 23.— The Demo
cratic County Convention which met in
this city to-day elected the following del
egates to the Democratic 6tate Conven
tion called to meet in Sacramento on June
15: Senator E. W. Chapman, G. J. Car
penter, N. Fox. S. W. Irving, Anton Bent
ler, A Koch-, N. Porter, A. J. Mahler,
Joseph Scherer.
Government Attempts to Levy Upon
the Holdings of the Dafaulting
Official.
INDIANAPOLIS. May 23. - United
States District Attorney Wishard. on be
half of the Government, to-day brought
suit against Charies F. W. Neely to at
tach all the property belonging to the lat
ter that may be found in this State. The
suit was brought under orders from At
torney General Grlggs. It Is the intention
of the Government to levy upon the
"Neely Printing Company's 1 ' plant at
la Fcllette made the affidavit upon which
the writ of attachment was Issued. He
says that Neely has disposed of his prop
erty with the end in view of defraudins
his creditors, especially the Government,
to_ which he is indebted In the sum of 515.-
Z.i> 25. It is also alleged that he has con
cealed property with the same object.
CUT HIS THROAT.
Suicide of a Prominent Business Man
of Spring Valley.
SAN DIEGO, May 29.-Charles H. Chees
man. aged 39, a prominent business man
of Spring Valley, in this county, com
mitted suicide at his home at 735 Twelfth
street, this city, while in bed at 2 o^dock
this afternoon by cutting his throat with
a small pocket-knife. He had been ill
with consumption for several years and
was evidently despondent at his failing
health. He called to hi.s wife at the time
he cut his throat, saying:
"I have cut my threat and am dying."
He lived an hour.
SUIT TO ATTACH ALL
OF NEELY'S PROPERTY
RATHBONE FEARED HE
WOULD BE ASSAULTED
Director of Posts in Havana Re
quested That General Wood Give
Him a Bodyguard.
HAVANA, May '29.— Shortly after the
postal scandal was first exposed. Mr.
Rathbone. it Is said, requested General
Wood to give him a guard, as he feared
feersonal violence from Coryaon Rich, the
postal employe, who confessed to a know
edge of many of the fraudulent transac
tions. General Wood sugKested to Mr.
Rathbone that If a guard were always
near him people would take It for granted
that he v.ss. under arrest and the request
was withdrawn. • -
To-day the; reason for making It became
known. It seems that on th*- dny after C.
F W. Neely was arrest-d Mr. Rich went
to Pathbor.e and wanted to explain that
ihe ?tealings were heavy. He was re
fuFed n hearing v.hen the nature of his
communication was known and then he
went to General Wood and tolci a '.I he
knew. , Mr. Kathbone denies that Mr.
Rich ever said a word to him on the sub
ject.
Mr Rich declares that when Neely left
he- (Rich) by Mr. Rathbone's orders gave
Neely an advance payment on his salary
to the amount of about $3uO. accepting
Neely's receipt. When the scandal waa
exposed, according to Mr. Rich's state
ment. Mr. Rathbone told him it would be
better to withdraw the receipt Immedi
ately and to replace the ca.«h. promising
to s'ee him reimbursed by the oisburslng
•ifflcer. This, Mr. Rich says, he did, but
Mr. Rathborte ordered the disbursing of
ficer not to reimburse him. The result Is
that in consequence of obeying Mr. Rath
bone he is without funds qnd he can see
no way of obtaining redress.
Clerks in the postoffice say it was well
known there at the time that Mr. Rath-
Worthy Foreman Chamberlain De
clares Hiinself Master "Work
man of the Ord«r.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— Judge Barn
ard in. tiie Supreme Court of the District
r~,t Columbia to-<Jay handed down ar de
cision dismissing the proceedings for con
tempt of court instituted against J. W.
HaycF. secretary-treasurer of the Knights
cf La.bor. and ordering that Hayes be per
mitted to retain, charge of the books .of
the organization.
The decree cf the court to-day was Mm
result of an action brought by John W.
P.-irs=ons. eeneraJ master workman, and
other members of the executive board of
the oraer to restrain Hayes from Interfer
ing with them in the use of seals, books
ar.d private papers cf the Knights of
Lubcr. A temporary restraining order
was granted and on the following day. the
fccard removed Hayes from office for al
leged neglect of duty. Immediately after
ward action was taken to prevent the
executive board interfering with Hayes'
adminiFtration of the office. Following
this Parsons caused a rule to be issued
against Have? requiring him to show
cause why he should not be adjudged in
contempt cf court.
: J. D. Chamberlain, worthy foreman of
the Kr.'.shts of Labor, has filed a paper
alleging: that John \V. Parsons. by institut
mK the proceedinp-f in court against Sec
retary-Treasurer Hayes, has disqualified
fctawlf. under the constitution of the or
der, for the position to which he was
•elected. He therefore says that, as
next in authority, he has assumed the
duties of maste. workman and has called
a meeting of the general assembly to be
held in this city on June 18 next.
KNIGHTS OF LABOR
IN BITTER QUARREL
bone had asked General Wood for protec
tion, as Mr. Rich had threatened him
physically. General Wood does not deny
that Mr. Rathbone made the reported re
quest
PREPARING FOR TRIAL.
The Torp»do Destroyer Goldsboroug^i
Soop to Be Tested.
" SEATTLE. Wash., May 2I».— The tor
pedo-boat destroyer Goldsboroush arrived
In Seattle to-dny to take on a ejuantity
of Cardiff coal. The Goldsborough haa hail
several preliminary builders tests lately
under the direction of Superintendent
Kallfn. for Wolff &. Zwicker. her build
ers. After taking on coal. th« destroyer
returned to Bremerton, where ah» i» t<%
(toon the Government dock and hav»
her bottom cleaned preparatory to tho
official trip.
For this test no dnte has been flxo-'..
but It will probably be within the next
two weeks. A crew is helntr trained.
The trial rour?e has bfen laid off by
("Rptain Pratt, of th* coast and geodetic
survey. It is one mile In lensrth and Hea
bet wen AlkJ Point and Duwamish Head.
EXTENDIHG THE WORK.
Captain Patterson of Portland will com
mand the Goldsborough when she makes
her fast run.
Panama .Canal Company Director to
Engage All Available Labor.
Special Cable to The rail arid N>w York
Herald. Copyright. 15C0, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
PANAMA, May 2>.— The Panama Cana!
Company's director has received official
Instructions from Paris ordering an ex
tension of the work on th* Culebra ami
Emperador sections and directing ihat a'l
available laborers be engaged for that
purpose.
ROBERTS READY TO
ENTER JOHANNESBURG
LONDON. May 23.-The following dis
patch has been received from Lord Rob
erts:
"GERMISTON, May 29. 6:30 p. m.-'iVa
arrived hero this afternoon without bcins
seriously opposed. No casualties so far
as I am aware in the main column and
not many, I trust. In the cavalry and
mounted infantry. The enemy did not ex
pect us until to-morrow and had not,
therefore, carried off all . their rolling
stock. "We have possession of the junc
tion connecting Johannesburg with Natal,
Pretoria and Klerksdorp by railroad.
"Johannesburg is reported quiet and no
mines, I understand, have been injured.
I shall summon the commandant in the
morninp, and if, as I expect, there is no
opposition, I propose to t?nter the town
with all the troops at noon."
Germiston is a suburb to the southeast
of Johannesburg railway junction and
General Roborts mentions it in his mes
sage to the War Office probably because
Elandsfontein Station is further east
ward. Additional evidence that the mln«s
are intact comes in a message received
by a mining company here to-day from
its Johannesburg representative, dated
May 28, saying "All right."
Lord Roberts' dispatch is regarded as
announcing , the virtual occupation of
Johannesburg and apparently the Boors
have again effected a retreat as there te
np mention of any prisoneifa or captures
except of rolling stock.
There will be some little anxiety pend
ins the actual occupation of llohannes
burg as there are rumors that* the town
has been. mined with the intention of
blowing up Lord Roberts and his staff on
their entry into that place.
BRITAIN ANNEXES THE
ORANGE FREE STATE
CAPE TOWN, Monday. May 2^.— Lord
Roberts yesterday announced to his troops
the annexation of the Free State, which
hereafter will be called the Orange River
State. . .
NEWCASTLE. Natal, May 23.— Tlie
British guns at Ingogo have been heavily
bombarding the- Boer positions since day
light; the Boer guns have replied intermit
tently.
KLIP RIVER, Transvaal, Monday, May
2S.'— The Boers, after preparing a good po
sition, fled early. The train bearing thoir
last detachment was nearly captured by
Pilkington's West Australians. Prisoners
taken state that there v/as no intention of
blowing up the mines, declaring that the
threat was made simply with the inten
tion of frightening away the burghers. ,
PRETORIA, May 28.-The British occu-
piod Zeerust this morning and a large
force is marching on to Llehtenburg.- An
olHdal bulletin states that the British
crossed the Vaal River Saturday. Gen
eral Lemmer had a severe fight at K15p
River. Five of the burghers were wound
ed and two were captured. The British
were 5000 strong.
By an order recently issued the Presi
dent decre'ed that May 27 and the two fol
lowing day3 be observed by the whole
country as days of prayer, humiliation
and the confession of sins and that peti
tions should be offered for relief from op
pression.
Fighting took place at Vanwytrust, fif
teen miles south of Johannesburg, with a
large force of British which broke
through from Kl^p River.
GERMANS CHEERED
FOR PRESIDENT KRUGER
1 LONDON, May SO.— While the towns
people at Fleetwood were cheering the
announcement that Lord Roberts had'oc
cupied Johannesburg the German crew of
the- Henrietta, an English vessel that was
sold to a German firm, cheered President
Kruger, Several conflicts occurred be
tween the Germans and the English and
the chief officer of the Henrietta was
mobbed. Ultimately the police force was
doubled.
The Market Square, Johannesburg, Where Lord Roberts
Says He Will Be at Noon To-Day.
LONDON". May 2T?.— Lord Salisbury, who was enfrrtained at dinner this even
ing by the City of London Coi:rervative Association, made an Important
announcement regarding the Government's South African policy.
"The 'stop-the-war' party have used my r.arr.e." said the Premier. "In
support of their ideas, by stating that I promised there should be no annex
ation of territory, annexation of gold fields. I never gave a pledge. I never
meant to give a pledge. (Loud cheers.) I stated a simple historical fact. We
were accused of going to war for lust of gold and territory. It v/as one of
these calumnies which, under the favoring influences of Dr. Leyds. upread itself
over the presa of Europe. Nothing could be more untrue. We wcr.i to war to
abcte oppression of the* Queen's subjects in the Transvaal and because our ro
mcrstrar.ccs were met by an !ns;:!:!r.s ultimatum, to. which, if the QxiPfn's
Government hnd submitted, her power, rot only In Scuth Africa, but over her
colonies and dependencies, would have been at an end. We were farced into war
by the action of our opponents.
"To say that because we repudiated the greed of territory we therefore
bound ourselves never to annex any territory is a most ridiculous construction.
I dwell on this point because this mat;er of annexation is about to become u
burning question.
"We have made a tremendous sacrifice cf blcod and treasure in this conflict.
There are misleading prophets, whes? action looks as large In the coiurms of
newspapers as the action of more Influential ar.d powerful people, who misU-at!
the unlucky rulers cf the Transvaal to continue resistance far beyond the time
when all resistance has ceased to be even possibly successful. These men nx*
perpetually pressing us to make some conditions, to offer some arranged stip
ulations that shall leave a shred of independence to the republic*. Our oniv
certainty of preventing a recurrence of this fearful war ir? to insure that never
again shall such^vast accumulations ot armaments occur, and that not a shred
of the former independence Jt>f the republic shall remain. (Cheers.)
"We are not yet at the end of the war. but I shall venture to lay it d<-.wn
as a primary condition of any futuro settlement that precautions will be taken
of such a character that such a war will never occur again. Cf course, whai
measures will br necessary it Is .impossible at any moment to determine, be
cause that depends" largely upon the action and temper of those with whom we
have to deal. ,
"1 have already intimated that their resistance has gone beyond the limit
to which resistance could wisely go. It Is not for us to criticize their action in
what they are pleased to call self-defense, but they have acted so that every
bitterness created by the war and every severance of. classes and races have
been stimulated by every measure they have taken; ar.d so they go on.
"It will also be eur duty to protect those native races who have been s.>
sorely afflicted, and at the same time to so regulate their conduct and pollcy
that so far as possible there shall be a reconciliation and that every one
shall be a happy member of the British empire."
After the Master of the Rolls, Lord Alverstone. had proposed "The Imperial
Forces." Lord Salisbury again rose, holding a paper in his hard, and said:
"I find that Lord Roberts has occupied Johannesburg."
ThU* announcement was followed by a wild display of enthusiasm, the com
pany cheering for *»Bobs" and singing "God Save the Queen."
Great. Britain's Premier Says That
No Chances of Armament Will
Be Given the Transvaal in the
B Future.
Boers Have Lost Every
Shred of Independence,
Declares Salisbury in a
Speech.
LONDON. May 30, 3:30 a. m.— Lord Roberts is bivouacking 1 in the suburbs of
Johannesburg and intends to mal:o a victorious entry at noon to-day.
Judpinjr from his dispatches fcj must have private information regarding
the disposition of the parrisjn in tha fort, as he does not seem to expect
opposition.
:. . Liord Roberts' cavalry have flowed beyond Johannesburg. A portion !s under
stood to be at Kuarfontoin, seven miles north of Johannesburg and within twenty
•miles of Pretoria. Lord Roberts, although with a broken bridge at Vereeniging
ar.d a wrecked railway behind him, has somc-hew managed to get forward suffi
cient supplies for Ills large force.
'- '¦ At, he has be«i ablt to Co so much, it is considered possible that he will be
outsLJe Pretoria l-'riday.^Thc rapidity of his advance is thought an extraordinary
'achievement even by grudging Continental critics.
: . The Boers, who were expected to fight along the line of hills known as Kiip
ll!v«rsl>erg, abandoned the eastern end of the range near Lord Roberts' advance
Ur?<». but they moved their ground on the extreme right near Vanwicks Roo3t,
where they met General French's turn:r.g movement. The fighting continued air
: day and the result is yet mere conjecture. Probably the Boer rear guard suc-
Cfcded in keeping General French off and is now in the hills northwest of Johan
nesburg. ' .
Th«; Standard has the following advices from Pretoria under Monday's date:
'¦"The Transvaal Government has opened or !s about to open peace negotia
tion?. It has cabled a final Inquiry to its agents abroad asking whether any hope
exists of cid."
'. Without doubt the prescr.ee of Lord Roberts with 40,000 men at Johannesburg
vill hssten the Transvaal's decision.
• ¦ Dispatches from Ix>urenzo Marques yesterday described President Kruger as
"wavering, hut demanding a guarantee that he shall not be exiled to St. Helena."
The righting burghers still continue to descr;. and the total collapse of the Boer
military organization is not far off. Bennett Burleig-h, wiring from Lord Roberts'
headquarters at Vereeniping on Sunday, Fays:
"I doubt if President Kruger can muster 15,009 men, as many of the burghers
have gone to their homes."
The stancher Boers are sending their families with wagons and stores to the
Zotupanebenj district. Whether Pretoria will be defended is uncertain, although
a Pretoria message, dated Sunday, pictures the work of defending the capital as
going on "with feverish activity."
; ... Pretoria is situated in a wilderness of kopjes and rangrs and is provided with
defense? that require at least 20.<XK> men to man them properly. There may still be
ione hard nut for the British to crack.
. . The last message out of Pretoria is the following, dated May 2S, and censored
by the Boor Government:
; "Krauz. acting as special commandant at Johannesburg, has issued a circular
to the officials <-oneomed warning them of the necessity of controlling the for
eign elements In the town and directing them to resist all attempts to destroy
life, meeting force by force."
: The Netherlands Railway Company vesterday notified the authorities at Lou
ror.zo Marques that it must decline to accept goods for delivery at Johannesburg.
Johannesburg telegrams are still accepted, subject to stoppage at Pretoria.
President Kruger Reported to Be
Wavering but Demanding a
Guarantee That He Shall Not Be
Exiled to St. Helena.
British Commander in Chief
Will Make a Victorious
Entry Into the City at
Noon To-Day.
ROBERTS BIVOUACKS IN JOHANNESBURG'S SUBURBS
THE SAX FRA2VOISCO CA-iJL, WEDNESDAY, • MAY SO, 1900.
Star of the Ssa Church Benefit.
A delightful musicale was* given" last
street, near Pine, was refused a renewal
of his license and his. case will be heard
next week.
The application of Parker & Tarbox of
the Reception saloon ¦ was the principal
business of the session. Mahoney de
clared himself strictly opposed to any
side entrance which opened to 'back
rooms. President Newnall said:
"I think allowance should be made^n
cases of respectable cafos where the bulk
of the b.usiness is done in the restaurants
and the proceeds from the sale of liquor
is a minor factor."
The application finally went over until
the next meetinsr.
Officers Hyland and I,.. J.'.Dunn were
suspended until further notice.
On Account of the Absence of Judge
Wallace Only Minor Cases Were
Disposed Of.
The Police Commissioners met .last
night, but owing to the absence of Com
missioner Wallace only minor cases were
disposed of. the more important ones be
ing: put over until next meeting.
Benjamin Santos. colored man, ap
plied for a license for a saloon at 429 Pa
cific street. The application was granted.
Al .White, a saloon-keeper on Dupont
QUfET SESSION OF
POLICE COMMISSION
of the Winners.
EPSOM MEETING OPENS.
Tod Sloan Rides Two and J. Reiff One
LONDON. May 29.— The great Epsom
Mrs. Allen Charged With Murder.
Miss Mary Devine of 537 Fell street died
yesterday from the effect of the criminal
operation said to have' been performed
by Mrs. Allen, "ladies' specialist." whose
place of business Is at 10.15 Market street.
The body was taken to the Morgue and a
charge of murder was placed against Mrs.
Allen. The prisoner made a statement to
the police in which f»he admitted having
attended Ml«ss Devine; in her Illness; but
denied that she had performed any crlm«
inal operation. . '. •
2
DARTING PAINS,
Through s^^^;
That is what yen have when your kidneys cease to work properly. It is
then that the bl?>od becomes laden with the impurities that in health the
kidneys would t?;ke away.
Shooting pSins. also pain or weakness in back, designate kidney dis-
ease. ;
Perhaps it is only kidney weakness, tut you well know that kidney
weakness brings on Bnght*s Disease and Diabetes. Now would you
not be very unwise to overlook the warning symptoms?
va vr instancc — headaches as in Fig. i— puffiness under eyes or swollen
: uT»T^Tr P ?l e T nes .?- and cma c» a tion. Fig. 3— all indicate diseased kid-
neys. riUD\ AISj will at once overcome these symptoms, because HUD-
1 A.\ strengthens- the kidneys and insures their perfect activity
Again— palpitation of the heart. Fig. 4— loss of appetite and impaired
digestion, Ficr. 5— pam in back (mentioned above). Pig. 6— and general
weakness, Fig. 7— these all serve to tell you that your kidneys are at
" ' MFisi amf> — * - If -,r? u go on suffe ""g. " serious results take place.
wni/S h W1 " 1? yo'-H-.own f au i t . HUDYAN is within your
APVISED reach— HUD\ AN will cure you. Medical men of
o a u F o^ E v5-|^ distinction recognize in HUDYAN a specific for
. _^au or write. | all kidney diseases.
, . ' ¦¦- HUDYAN is for sale by druggists. 50c a package, or
six packages for $2.50.
va v 10 " not cep HUDYAN send direct to the HUD-
YAN REMED\ CO., corner Stockton. Ellis and Market sts.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. .
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALl/OR WRITEbeautiful custom of decorating
with flowers th© graves of the soldier
I <3<»ad will be observed for th« thirty
third time to-day with all the pomp
tr.d .ceremony that patriotic citizens of a
great and loyal nation can provida. The
day being a national holiday, tho publio
tvii; also avail Itself of the opportunity
for relaxation from business cares and
worries by trips Into the country. Many
thousands, however, will remain In the
citj* to ray homage to tho departed heroes
t>y Ftrewinp their last resting places with
f.owere er.4 listening to recitals of the
r.otfle deeds of the men who gavo up their
I'vTs !n the hour of tha nation's need.
; Garlands will be placed around, the hea.fi
ftor.es whicji bear the names of the de
parted warricrs; martial music and stir
ring' words w?il keep alive the flres of
jpatrioxism in tho hearts of the listeners.
The program rao to be observed during
th/j day by the Grand Army and other
.fraternal organization* is most interest
ing. As is usual, the Memorial day pa
rade of the members of the G. A. R-.
Tni.MtS.ry bodes and city officials will be
tHe chief feature. Major Charles Boston,
theprand marshal, has completed all ar
ranirements and he will lead the column,
•' -which, .will move at 10. o'clock. The line
of Tr.irch will be from New Montgomery
shi Market Ftrects, to Kearny, to Call
tcrdx, eo-jr.tfrmarch to Market, to GcM
¦pn CUtte avenue and Jones street, and
fdrni spain at the Ijombard-street en-
Vi ranee to the Presidio. Upon the arrival
at. tbfi entrance to the National Cemetery*
the column will halt and all organizations
: : « ¦••'corting the Grand Army will form line
: .anil salute the members of the Grand
Army of the Republic as they pass
through to tho cemetery. The formation
cf the rcrade w:U be as follows:
Formation, of Parada.
Contr«^r> - « Band; Chief of Police; battalion
>f i^ice; craad marehal and aids: cavalry
trikm; S. O. C. esort to grand marshal.
:,'¦"' v<-r >aad Soerd of SuDervlsor* la car
rtegE*.
The Leagrue of the Cross Cadets ¦will ob
serve the day with special Ferviees. The
regiment will assemble on. Van Ness ave
nue at 10:15 this morning: and proceed to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
mass wiil be celebrated for the repose of
th** souls of all deceased members of the
organization. Special music has been pre
pared sjzd a sermon •will be preached bv
one of the fathers. Immediately after
mass a review will be held on Van Ness
avenue. The companies will then disband
and an intermission will be had for lunch-
League of the Cross Services.
Music; Invocation by Department Chaplain
A. Drahms; address by the chairman, Oeneral
Edward S. Salomon, past department cojn
mander; music; address by Mayor James D.
Phelan; einging'. Plymouth Quartet; oration,
Frank McGowan: vocal solo, Mrs. T. C. Mus
tel'.er; cornet solo. M. J. Orr: recitation. V.
Cork Caldwell; singingr. Plymouth - Quartet:
vocal eolo. Mrs. T. C. Musteller; '•America,''
band and au<ilene«; "Taps," M. J. Orr.
Mimite puns; decorating- graves; mualo by
band; introductory rtrnarkB by President of thft
Day Joseph B. Puller, pa*t department com
mander, G. A. R.: prayer by the Rev. A.
Drahms, department -chaplain, Gk A. R. ; Bong
by Plymouth Quartet; reading of Lincoln' ¦
Gettysburg address by Mrs. Xellle Holbrook
B!inn; song by Plymouth Quartet; poem by
Comrade John L. Boone; oration by Hon. Henry
C. Dibble, past senior rice dei>artment com
mander. G. A. R-: son* by Plymouth Quartet:
salute to the dead. Lincoln Post nrinr party;
taps.
In the evening at Metropolitan Temple
the exercises \rtll be as follows:
The following: programme win t>« ren
dered at the National Cemetery ujwn the
arrival of the column:
Columbia rsllitarr baad; Garrison Xo. 191.
K*trdar Army and Xavy Union: Bans of Amer
ican K»volution: Mexican Veterans; Columbia
Park Boys' Club; Anay and t\vrr Parlor. X.
S. G. W.
Benr.ett's Band: Veteran Gcard of California,
G. A. R. ; Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. ; Georg»
H. Tfcornas Post No. 2. G. A. R.: Oarflold Post
Xo. 34. O. A. R. : Colorael Casa Post No. 48,
O. A. R.; Me&de Post 2»o. 48. O. A. R.; liberty
Post No. 133, O. A. R.; carriages.
Signal Corpa. N. O. C; bund; First Rerl
ment Infantry, X. G. C| Naval Militia, K.
G. C.
UWted States army band; four batteries of
hearr artillery, XT. ' S. .A.J ©n« light battery,
U. S. A.
League of the Cross Cadets will attend a requiem mass
at St. Mary's Cathedral at 10:30 o'clock.
•Young Men's Institute will attend. requiem massat St.
Ignatius' at 10 o'clock.
Veteran Firemen will decorate graves of departed
heroes in Laurel Hill Cemetery at noon. Special exercises.
MEMORIAL EXERCISES.
Parade starts from New Montgomery and Market
streets at 10 o'clock sharp.
Line of march will be from starting point to Kearny,
to California; countermarch to Market, to Golden Gate ave
nue and Jones street, and form again at the JLombard-street
entrance to the Presidio. i
Exercises at the Presidio to follow the decoration of
graves.
VICTORIA. B. C May 29.— News has
been received here that the steamer Flora,
with the first crowd of Klondlkers of the
season, reached- Lake Lebarge on May 24,
on her way from Dawson. Ice blocked
her there, but it Is expected that the river
Is clear by -now.- -,., : --. / ; .
At , Lake Lsbarge.
Property From His Erother.
Special Dlxpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 29.— Another suit In the
pending contest between Carlos and
James Arguello over the estate of: their
father, Luis Antonio Arguello, was filed
to-day. The action 1b brought by Carlos
Arguello to compel his brother James to
make- a' division of a piece of property
consisting of a two-story brick block on
South First »treet near San Fernando.
The father gave James Arguello an abso
lute deed to the property, reserving a life
Interest for himself, but Carlos, contends
this was merely a deed of trust,. and the
property was to be divided equally be
tween the two on the father's death.
Carlos Argtiello Seeks to Recover
STJES FOE A DIVISION*
Cholera Causing Much Mortality and
Impeding the Work, of "
Relief.
LONDON, May 29.— The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Keddleston, tele
graphs.that good rain has fallen In My
sore and that scattered showers have
fallen elsewhere.
The cholera In many parts of Bombay
and Rajputana haa not abated and is
causing much mortality and impedes the
relief work. There are now 6,730,000 per
sons In recelDt of relief. •
•
DUE TO ACCIDENT.
Coroner's Jury Decides Myron H.
Jones Bid Not Commit Suicide.
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. :*May, 29.— At the Coro
ner's Inquest held to-day over the body of
Myron H. Jonos the Jury returned a ver
dict of death by accidental drowning.
Jones is the man who fell from the
steamer Ukiah at midnight last Saturday
at Tiburon. It was thought at the time
that h«» had committed suicide, but tha
testimony showed that his death was ac
cidental. ¦ ¦ .:¦-. ¦ '-¦::¦; ¦';"¦ '
FALL OF .RAIN IN
PORTIONS OF INDIA
delegates. The minutes of to-day's meet
ing were read, the roll was called. Bishop
Warren offered prayer and shortly before
1 o'clock , the general conference passed
Into history. ¦
A special dispatch from Shanghai says
It is believer! Russia Is about to Iana
troop* at Tak'j from Port Arthur, where
29 0CJ are In readir.'-ss. The Chinese are
ToTtoricd to be sending Iprge masses of
troQpfl overlr.nd from Hu-N'an and Klanff.
but the eenernlisEirao refuses to assume
command on the plea of sickness.
The Boxer?, assert that they are confi
dent of receiving support from the Dow
ager Empress. Princes Kianp Yl and
Chang Tuan. ar<3 the entir« Manchuria
army. Throughout the North the Boxers
are enliftlr.g' hordes of desperadoes. They
are Intent upon expelling everything
foreJjjn.
TD^N'TSIX. May 2? —A detachment of
200 Chinese soldiers has cleared the rail
way between here and Peking, and the
ordinary service was resumed at noon.
No news has been received from the
Bf!rrian engineers cngrsp^d in the con
struction of the Luhan line.
Thirty Japanese have arrived from the
gnr.boct at Acokan.
Tho French {lacsfcip d'Entres Casteaux
Bussia Hay Land Troops.
"Tba rebellion continues to grow in in
tercity, and the gTavest fears are enter
tained of lta ultimate extent. The foreign
envoys at Peking, fearing a massacre
•within the capital, have decided to bring
tij> tee gTiards of the legations.
"Th© rebels are now massing- outside of
Peking, and their numbers are reported
to bo constantly augmenting. Fresh con
tingents of armed malcontents are coming
tip almost hourly from the north.
"The Imperial troops who were sent to
disperse the rebels found themselves
hopelessly outnumbered. Several hundred
•were killed and two guift and many rifles
•were captured, after which the most of
the remaining troops went over to th«
rebels. They are now marching side by
cide.
"It is believed that th© Boxers have the
sympathy of the entire Manchuria army
in the cntl-foreign crusade, and there is
no doubt that they have the countenance
cf the Empress Dowager and of Prince
Ohing.
"Tlie Belgian Minister, with a strong
bodvguard. has gone to obtain an audience
of the Tsung-U-Yamen, a number of his
cou-ur-men with their families, havlne
£££ cu™ oS by the rebels at Chang-Hsin-
T "f he position of the missionaries is one
at fxmme Peril unless aid Is epeedi ly
Vhrorlrf It Is feared that they will
££t tl^ elme fate^as their unforturate
con%erts whom the 'Boxers' are ruthless
v/idesprcad that the powers s&ould co£"
pe] China to defray the cost of a measure
the apathy of the Chir|ese Gtoyern
ment n^jessit.-ites. All the French engl
r.-ers and tlielr families are reported
cafe." .
liOKUOX, May SO.— Th^ Dally Express
tz.% the, following telegram from Shang
hai, dated Tuesday:
WASHINGTON. May 29,— Such advices
as .have reached here Indicate that the
situation in China has assumed a very
critical phase and one calculated to tax
the entire resources of 'the Chinese. Gov
ernment The State Department has been
in c'.cse communication with Mr. Conger,
our Minister at Peking, and the Navy
Department is doing its share, having
placed the flagship Newark as far up the
Peiho River as the Taku forts, which is
tho noarest point to Peking that the ship
can reach. The operations of the Box
ers are increasing in magnitude. Their
demonstrations are no longer local and
they appear to be governed in their move
ments by some well settled design. They
have murdered nine Methodist mission
aries in one province, at the town of Pa
chow, and have closed in on Peking.
Meanwhile the Chinese army is suspect
ed of disloyalty, this belief being
strengthened by wholesale desertions of
soldiers to the Boxers.
Minister Conger has appealed to the
State Department for the protection of a
marine guard for his legation. The de
partment has promptly cahled an au
thorization to call upon the nearest
United States naval vessels for assist
ance. It is not known yet whether he
has availed himself ¦ of the permission.
The ship he would naturally look to
would be the Newark, and it is assumed
that he has already communicated with
Admiral Kempff on board that flagship.
Th© embarraFsir.ff feature of the situa
tion is the cutting of the communication
by rail between Taku and Teintsln and
the capital, for the Boxers have burned
the railroad bridges and there are prob
ably only two courses open to the ma
rines who wish to reach Peking— a long
overland march through a hostile country,
away from supports, or a tedious voy
age up the swift and shallow Pelho in
shore boats in. tow of the steam launches.
According to report the Chinese Gov
ernment has done everything in its power
to meet the demands of the diplomatic
body at Peking for the dispersion of the
Boxers, but it appears that the upris
ing Is far more serious than was at first
apprehended, and even toe resident mln-
PROMPT ACTION BY
STATE DEPARTMENT
arid the gunboat Surprise have left Taku.
A hundred American marines from the
American cruiser Newark are expected
here to-night. An armed rescue party of
Frenchmen and Germans started this
afternoon to try to relieve the besieged
Belgians. The Viceroy, under the pres
sure of the French Consul, has permitted
the rescuers to travel by railroad to
Feng Tal, where Chinese protection ends.
The litlgians are besieged at Chang-
Hfin-Tien, near Fenc Tal.
SHANGHAI. May 23.— The Russlon Min
ister at Peking has telegraphed, asking
that all the available gunboat3 be sent
to Taku.
PEKING. May 29.— The relief party has
returned from Chang-Hsln-Tlen, bringing
twenty-five persons, including several
yromen and children.
¦'¦• -' •
Debate on proposed changes in the ratio
of representation to general conferences
consumed much time. Arguments were
made in favor of the majority report rec
ommending a ratio of one delegate to ev
ery sixty preachers instead of one dele
gate to every forty-five preachers, as now
prevails. It was contended that the prjes
ent body was unwieldy. This statement
was vigorously combated by several
speakers and the conference by an over
whelming vote decided to make no
change.
Trustees of the American University at
Washington were named and approved
At 12 o'clock all business was laid on
the table and the usual complimentary
resolutions were adopted. The venerable
Bishop Bowman, now superannuated
made a brief address of parting to the'
Principal among the important actions
4t the conference were the abolition of
the time limit on pastorates; the ratifica
tion of the equal representation amend
ment as proposed by the Rock River con
ference, together with the seating of the
provisional lay delegates; the adoption of
a new constitution, subject to the ap
proval of the various annual conferences,
including substitution of the words "lay
members" for the term "laymen," thus
permitting the seating of women in the
general conferences, and the election of
two additional missionary bishops.
The report of the committee en educa
tion, which was under discussion at last
night's session of the conference, was
taken up for final action to-day. An
amendment offered by Dr. Jordan of
South Dakota, requiring the university
eenate of the church to recognize certifi
cates from students from other than
Methodist colleges presenting themselves
for examination for the ministry, caused
considerable discussion. The report as
amended was finally adopted. The con
ference also ' approved the authorization
of unordained ministers to perform the
marriage ceremony.
CHICAGO, May 29.— The twenty-third
delegated quadrennial conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church came to an
end to-day after a session of four weeks.
The conference is considered to have been
one of the most noteworthy since the days
when Methodism was divided over the
slavery question and has resulted in many
radical changes in the laws and polity of
the church, which will enter upon the
twentieth century a different body from
what it was before the conference met.
Most Important Council in
Recent History of the
Church.
METHODIST
CONFERENCE
AT AN END
Starting out from Manila, on March 20, Gen
eral Bates and his staff, on the U v S. S. Ma
nila, met a transport fleet near the entrance
to the Gulf of Albay, with the Fortieth Vol
unteer Infantry aboard, and the expedition
then proceeded to and occupied successively the
towns of Surigao, Cagayan, .lllgan, Mlsamis
and Dapitanon. on the north; Baganga. on the
east, and Z.imboanga, Cottabato, Pollok, Har
ang. Davao and Mati. on the south coast of
Mindanao, without the flrlns of a single shot.
No resistance of any kind was encountered.
Some of the towns were garrisoned and in
others the local police force was deemed cap
able of preserving order.
During the expedition 241 rifles of various
makes and ninety-seven bronze and Iron can
non were captured, fifty-one of the latter be
ing left in charge of the commanding officers
at the occupied points. The remainder ¦Were
taken to the arsenal at Manila.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The War De
partment has made public the report of
Major General J. C. Bates, U. S. V., upon
an expedition, led by him into Northern
Mindanao, P. I., during the latter part of
March last. The, report in brief says:
MINDANAO OPERATIONS
AS REPORTED BY BATES
and many wounded. The Americans also
captured sixty rifles, a Nordenfeldt gun
and supplies of ammunition and destroyed
a powder factory.
A rebel major who surrendered at Lls
cum last week has been persuading others
to follow his example. To-day he effected
the surrender of forty-six men with forty
flve rifles at Tarlac, and hopes to influence
more of his . countrymen to do the same.
GALLANT FIGHTING
ON SAMAR ISLAND
Lieutenant John H. Evans and
Three Men Killed While Charg
ing the Filipinos.
Troops of the Forty-Third Bury a Hundred
and Fifty Insurgents on One
Battlefield.
MANILA, May 29.— Major Henry T.
Allen of the Forty-third Infantry while
scoutins from Catbalogan. island of Sa
mar, on May 9 drove a party of Insurgents
from the valleys. Four Americans were
killed, Including Lieutenant John H. Ev
ans, who was slain while gallantly leading
a charge against the intrenchments.
Eleven of the enemy were killed and four
were wounded.
The town of Caterman, island of Samar,
was attacked at midnight April 30 by a
thousand rebels, who intrenched them
selves near the town over night. Captain
John Colle of the Forty-third Regiment
fou"ht the Filipinos for over six hours
and afterward buried 150 of the enemy.
One American was killed and one was
wounded. „ , ,
The hamlet of Fawin, In the province
of Lagrma, Island of Luzon, the headquar
ters of General Cailles, was surrounded
on May 26 by three detachments of the
Forty-second Regiment, Thirty-seventh
Regiment and Eleventh Cavalry. Only a
few of the enemy were encountered,
Cailles having departed the day before.
Pawinf which was manifestly a rebel
stronghold, was burned to the ground.
Captain Norton's scouts and two com
panies of the Eighteenth Regiment while
scouting on May 12 In Western Panay sur
prised a number of the enemy near Val
derama and killed thirty-five of them.
There were no casualties among the
Americans, but some of them suffered
from sunstroke. f
The official reports announce scouting
and small engagements in Panay and
Cebu islands and Tayabas, Zambales,
Benguet and Pangasln provinces, result
ing in fourteen of the enemy being killed
Foreign Envoys Take Measures to Protect Life,
but Many Missionaries Are in
Extreme Peril.
Chinese Rebels Massing Around
Peking After Defeating the
Imperial Forces.
MASSACRE OF ALL
EUROPEANS FEARED
Killed by a Kick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. May 29.— News has been
received here of the death, in Oregon, of
Frank Dodge, a former resident of Mon
terey and brother of Holly E. Dodge of
this city. Death was caused by Injuries
to the head received by being kicked by a
Simple Services at the Bier of the
Iiate Charles B. Stone at
San Mateo.
The funeral of the late Charles B. Stone,
manager of the breweries syndicate, took
place on Monday from the family resi
dence at San Mateo. It was a simple af
fair, although the attendance of those
who wished to pay their last respects to
the dead was large. Early in the morning
the Call Board of the San Francisco Pro
duce Exchange adjourned In respect to
his memory, and many of the members
went to the saddened home down the
country and remained until the interment.
Bishop Moreland of the Episcopal
church came down from Reno especially
to officiate. Services were held at the
Stone home at 3:30 o'clock and the re
mains were placed in a funeral car and
taken to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for in
terment. Many beautiful floral pieces
were sent by friends. The pall bearers
were Thomas R. Bishop, A. S. Baldwin.
J. H. McDonald. Frank Dalton, Thomas
Alton and Charles E. Green.
LAID AWAY IN HIS
LAST LONG SLEEP
PHOENIX, Ariz.. May 29.— "Bob**
Brown, arrested in Texas and taken to
Tombstone yesterday under suspicion of
being implicated in. the Fairbanks train
robbery, has been identified by J. D.
Milton, the wounded messer.ger. as his
assailant, and as the desperado, who
traveled under various aliases, and who)
Is wanted for several robberies In Tezcaa.
Train Robber Identified.
WASHINGTON, May 23t— The Rules
Committee of the House to-day arranged:
a programme by which the constitutional
amendment increasing the power of Con
gress to deal with trusts will be debated
to-morrow and next day. with a final vota
at 5 p. m. on Thursday. The discussion
of the anti-trust bill, by which the pres
ent powers of Congress are directed
against trusts, will foilcw on Friday, wltbj
a vote at 4 p. m. on that day.
BIGGS. May 20.— Last evening the busi
ness men cf this town met and organized
the BigKS Board of Trade. The officers
are William A. "Walker, president, and H.
C. Hinds, editor of the Blgrjrs Notes, secre
tary. W. A. Beard or the Sacramento
Valley Development Association was la
attendance and the question of raising
sugar beets In this locality was thoroughly
discussed. The general Improvement of
the town -will also be taken up and pushed
all along the line.
•
House to Take TJp Trust Question.
For Improvement of Biggs.
horse. The deceased leaves no relatives
besides his brother in this city.
The State Department Is closely adher
ing to the practice it has always ob
served of non-interfereno« in these Chi
nese disturbances, and it is not contem
plated that our naval forces shall take
any part in the contest between the Chi
nese Government and the Boxers,
though it is assumed that Rear Admiral
R<>mey, commander in chief of the Asiatic
station, will take immediate steps to sup
ply Rear Admiral Kempff, the senior
squadron commander, with such a navai
force as he may need for safeguarding
American interests at the treaty ports.
isters at Peking are inclined to admit that
the task is not an easy one for the Chi
nese Government.
So far all the measures taken by the
State Department look to the simple pro
tection of the American legation at Pe
king, the American consulates in the im
mediate vicinity and the lives of such
Americans as may be obliged to take ref
uge therein, in the event of general riot
ing.
OAKLAND, May 29.— Grand Marshal J.
H. Smith has issued final orders for tho
Memorial day parade. The formation will
be on Washington street, north of Fifth,
and the parade will move on Washington.
Fourteenth. Broadway and Sixth to
Washington, thence on cars to Mountain
View Cemetery. Advance will be sounded
at 9:30 o'clock. The following organiza
tions will take part in the parade: Com
panies A. F and G. Fifth Regiment. N.
O. C. : Colonel E. D. Baker Camp. Sons of
Veterans: Veteran Reserves. Lyon Posi.
Appomattox Post. Porter Post, Lookout
Mountain Post and Joe Hooker Post. G.
A. R. Exercises at Mountain View Cem
etery will begin as soon as the veterans
reach the Grand Army plat. After the
exercises lunch will be served at Lonn?
Hall by the Women's? Relief Corps. The
literary programme will be rendered In
the evening at the First Methodist
Church.
The local freight office employes of tha
Southern Pacific Company will hold their
seventh annual outing at Fairfax Park.
The affair is strictly invitational.
The parish of St. Patil's Church" will
picnic at El Campo; Holy Cross Parish,
will make merry at Mirabel Park; the
Young Men's Catholic Union will picrgc at
Los Gatos Park: the Children of Mary of
St. Brendan's Parish will hold an outing at
St. Hilary's, near San Rafael; the Young
Men's Christian Association will picnic at
Los Gatos; the Knights of Honor will en-
Joy an outing at Glenwood Park; the Sons
of St. George will Journey to Sunset Park.
The Caledonians will hold their annual
picnic and games at Shell Mound and the
Ancient Order of Foresters will picnic at
Schuetzen Park.
PROGRAMME PREPARED
FOR MEMORIAL DAY
Innumerable societies and private or
ganizations will take advantage of the
day and hold outings In neighboring: coun
ties.
Picnics to Bs Held.
will be held at the Presidio. San Rafael
and Sausalito. There will be two re
gattas on the bay and this will bring out
all the yachts now sailing in these water.
One regatta will be under the auspices of
the Corinthian Tacht Club and the other
will be held by the California Yacht Club.
Thousands will take advantage of the
holiday by going out of town, attending
the picnics to be held at different pleasure
parks or watching the various sports to
be presented in the city and vicinity.
There will be a baseball game at Rec
reation Park, corner Eighth and Harrison
streets, between the Oakland and San
Francisco teams. There will be coursing
at Union Park and Ingleside Park. The
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
will hold its annual trotting meet at the
Oakland track. Exciting games of ten
nis will be played at the California Club
courts. Bush and Steiner streets, by local
and coast champions. The trap-shooters
will contest for the Edward Donohoe
trophy at Ingleside. ,Golf tournaments
Invitations have been Issued by the Vet
eran Firemen's Association to firemen, ex
flremen and friends to be present at the
exercises to be held at the Firemen's Plat
in Laurel Hill Cemetery. Promptly at the
noon hour the graves of departed chiefs,
officers and comrades will be bedecked
with flowers. Robert Ferral will speak
on the heroes of the past; Captain Sam
uel McDowell will tell why Memorial day
should be perpetuated. Chief Sullivan of
the local department has accepted an In
vitation to be present. He has stated
that he will excuse every comrade who
is a member of his department. The Ex
empt Fire Company and Sons of Exempts
will be present.
Veterans Will Decorate Graves.
eon. In the afternoon two companies will
proceed to Calvary Cemetery, the two
Oakland companies will visit St. Mary'*
Cemetery in that city, and the remainder
of. the regiment will proceed to Holy
Cross. At each of the cemeteries the
graves of those whose names have been
stricken from/ the League's roll call by
death will be decorated, and at Holy
Cross a special programme of exercises
will be given.
The Toung Men's Institute will also ob
serve the day. Members of the local
councils will attend the solemn requiem
mass which Is to be celebrated at St. Ig
natius Church at 10 o'clock. Rev. Father
Frieden. S. J., president of the
college, will be celebrant. Arrange
ments have been made for an elab
orate musical programme to be ren
dered by an augmented choir under the
direction of Dr. M. O'Connell. the or
ganist. A sermon appropriate to the oc
casion will be preached by ono of the
Jesuit Fathers.
BASEBALL — Oakland and San Francisco teams at
Recreation Park.
COURSING- r Union Park and Ingleside Coursing
.ranc.
RACING — Golden Gate Park Driving Association,
TENNIS — California dub Courts, Bush and Pierce
streets.
TRAP SHOOTING— The Edward Donohoe trophy
match, Ingleside.
GOLF — Presidio, San Rafael and Sausalito.
_YACHT — Corinthian Club regatta and California Club
regatta.
SFortTiisrc3' events.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30. 1900.
MEMORIAL DAY
3
ft (lijg^ \$'i/' The index of human beauty is the face. i-~^j
3<1 U» Ur/ r "*¦ clear complexion Is greatly desired by <$J
ra 1 \ "**/ every woman and admired by every man. |9
;^i J s *- = "\ Good looks disappear when tho f,\oo is wB
!§? i^r >^ blemished by disease. Eruptions, pimples £j
IS and similar blemishes are the direct result , j|ii
*| of Impure blood. Constitutional treatment la necessary — cosmetics jsjB
S|| will only temporarily benefit the trouble. By the use of ELECTRO- rS|!
. ZONE ail blemishes disappear. ELECTROZONE acts on the blood J ;d
v and removes all impurities, giving the blood purity and nourishinj SrI
dt« power. No woman need ba embarrassed by facial blemishes if lijji;
§g sho will take proper treatment. ELECTROZONE la generally tct?
I Makes Women f 1
i % Beautiful. |j
m It acts on the blood and effects a cure quickly and permanently £2
I ELECTROZONE Is to-day taken by women in all portions of the fH
g civilized world. ELECTROZONE enriches the corpuscles of the- i||
3 blood, destroys disease germs, prevents £K|
S sickness, tones up the system, wards off ..^^jfO" jwhl
p| lassitude and fatigue Incident to change J^f*ffitf£'M^ |fl
of seasons. Thoughtful women prefer $a$&$X^)?™$fi$L fii
i? ELECTROZONE to all other blood purl- '^^*' *vH
jg ELECTROZONE MFO. CO., Ban Fran- V* y \ |^*Former Soldier Dies.
Charles Burkhard, .formerly a sergeant
In Company E, Twentieth United- States
Infantry, died of heart disease yesterday
afternoon at St. Mary's Hospital, wheru
he had been taken in the morning by a
man named George Levy. Levy said
Burkhard had $600, but no money, was
found. on- his person.^ Little'. is- known. of
him at a lodging-house at 221 Third aU»at
where he resided.
A. T. Foster, one of the wealthiest fruit
growers in Solano County, Is in this city.
He came for the purpose of purchasing
pumping machines with which to irrigate
200 acres of his fruit land. -Last 'year Mr.
Foster experimented in pumping from
bored I wells, J and met with such success
that a large portion of his acreage will
.fcarealter be watered by this means.
Pumping From Bored Wells.
The hardest-worked persons In Bavaria
are tho waiter girls. They are busy four
teen to sixteen hours a day, and never eet
ft day. oft. sct
CHURCH CHOIR TENOR
WEDDED TO SOPRANO
Marriage Took Place in Court to
Save Groom From Prosecution
for Betrayal.
Alexander Krasoff, first tenor in
Greek church on Powell street, and- Julia
Krppa, 17 Natoma street, one of the
soprano singers, were married In Judge
Mogan's chambers yesterday by Justice
of the Peace Dunne. Krasoff was ar
rested for betrayal under promise ! of
marriage. The bride is only 18 years of
age.
After the ceremony Krasoff kissed his
mother-in-law three times, but was un
gallant enough to withhold the same to
ken of affection from his young bride.
Juilge Mogan dismissed the case against
Krasoff, and bride and groom left the
courtroom together. , '
Mamie Gaynor of Minna Street Throws
¦_•/-,;¦ , the Blame Upon Her Twin
Sister.
Mamie Gaynor, a' comely young woman,
was found by Policeman Mitchell wander
ing on Minna street, near. Seventh, about
4 o'clock yesterday morning. She had no
hat and appeared to be slightly under the
influence of liquor. The officer advised
her to go home, which wag near by, but
she refused, and while they were talking
the girl's father appeared and said she
had beaten him. He wanted her arrested.
She appeared before Judge Cabaniss yes
f»rday on a charge of disturbing the peace
and the Judge convicted her. She objected
to being convicted and said it was her
twin sister who struck the old man. "Will
you .take your sentence ..to-day or the day
after to-morrow?" asked the Judge, and
she replied, "The day after to-morrow."
She wanted to have ¦ her twin sister In
court to testify, and the Judge granted
her^ request. She . abused her father In
court and charged him w}th driving her to
drink through his ill treatment.
ACCUSED OF BADLY
BEATING HER FATHER
tion, the assailant fed his anger, hatred
and all the breed of fearful passions with
tobasco and cayenne dressings.
On Monday evening, arm 1 in arm with
Norman Pierce, another llerce rounder of
the cafes after theater hours, he sallied
forth to do his worst upon the body of
Worthington. In *an hour he located
Worthlngton, long coat and all, at the
Tivoli.
"Mr. Worthlngton," said Ilines, "you
have aroused my mortal hatred and my
anger must be appeased with blood. You
have maligned me and tried your hardest
and your best to ruin my reputation. For
this you shrill suffer. Your days as a
leader of the hammer and anvil chorus
have passed forever. Your 'knocking' will
be heard no more. Come with me."
Both men walked out of the Tivoli
teeth set, lists clenched and stern resolu
tion camping upon their foreheads.
As soon as they reached the sidewalk
Hines let drive his right. Worthington
sido-Btepped Into the blow and was
floored. All Eddy street was in instant
turmoil and had not "Billy" Eaton, the
doorkeeper of the Tivoli. separated the
belligerents, blood would surely have
been spilled.
It was then that Hines said: "I should
have killed him."
Back of the encounter is the old story
of "the woman." Jealousy, falso repre
sentation, envy, hatred and other con
comitant emotions went into that single
blow.
First Infantry, National Guard,
Declared Void.
The Recent Election in Company K,
Brigadier General R. H. Warfield has
rendered his decision in the case of the
protest of E. M. O'Reilly and other mem
bers of Company K. First Infantry, N.
G. C, against the action of Major Ilendy.
who. presided at an election in that com
pany and refused to recognize the candi
dacy of O'Reilly for the position of cap
tain on the gTound that within six months
next preceding the election he had failed
to qualify before the examining board for
first lieutenant. The general sustains the
protest, declares the election null and void
an<l s-ays a Hew one will be called for.
The reputations for the government of
the guard as laid down in the red book
declare that if a man is elected to a com
missioned position and falls to pass the
o.\m mining board he cannot within six
months apply for the same commission.
In thi« case OHtilly, who had failed to
pass the examination for first lieutenant,
did not apply for the samy commission,
but applied for a higher-, one. Mnjor
Hendy. in ruling as he did. was guided
py a comrnunrcntlon forwarded to him bv
Ueutenant Colonel J. G. Gjesting, assist
ant adjutant general, "by order of Briga
dier General Warfield." as it stated to
the effect that while the regulation read
'the same commission" it meant "any
commission." The brigadier general was
not in tho city when the communication
was forwarded, and when he heard of tho
matter declared that, he had not made any
such construction of the law and had not
authorized such a statement. He repeated
this before the protestants at the time of
the hearing.
GENERAL R. H. WARFIELD
SUSTAINS THE PROTEST
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The Demo
cratic members of the House of Repre
sentatives held a caucus in the hall of
the House to-night to consider the trust
question, which is to be brought before
the House during the next three days, and
other pending legislation. The caucus
was attended by about eighty Democratic
members. At the outset Richardson "of
Tennessee offered the following resolu
tion, expressive of the party attitude:
Whereas. There Is known to be a large and
ErowinK surplus in the Treasury over and
above the neceusities of the Government, aris
ing from the taxes levied ami collected under
the. war tax act of 18PS, therefore,
Resolved. That we favor the reduction of the
taxes provided for in Fal.l hill and we do not
think the present session of CunRreps should
adjourn until saiil taxes shall have been re
pealed as to certain articles and reduced as to
others, until there is a total reduction In the
:iRsr.-t;.'it« of at least E0 per cent. .
Wo pledge- ourself at all times to support any
measure or measures providing for such re
duction. ; ¦.i"."'
The resolution was adopted without di
vision.
The trust question was then taken up.
Ball of Texas presenting resolutions fa
voring an adverse vote on the anti-trust
constitutional amendment and a favora
ble vote on the proposed Democratic anti
trust substitute bill. The resolution fur
ther provided that in the event of the
defeat of the substitute, support would
be given to the anti-trust bill as reported.
The resolutions brought out extended
debate and considerable difference of
opinion as to the manner of dealing with
the trust issue. The Democratic members
of the Judiciary Committee— -Terry ,De Ar
mond, Lnnham and others— favored action
along the lines of the Ball resolution. The
Ball resolution was finally adopted with
minor amendments... As to the substitute
anti-trust bill, the resolution states:
We believe that the adoption of these drastic
provisions will demonKtrate the power of Con
press to destroy combinations, monopolies and
the consolidation of capital familiarly called
trust*.
Should the substitute fail of adoption
the resolution then provides for support
ing the anti-trust bill reported by the ma
jority. As to this measure the resolution
says:
While not satisfactory to the Democratic
minority, - and .. not likely to remedy the trust
evjl, this Mil. does make an effort toward
liaragains and outlawing these enemies of the
public, nnrt Democrats are. not ¦wlllinsr to vote
down any measure tendlncc to that end.
The resolution further urges Democrats
to vote against the constitutional amend
ment unless it be so amended as to leave
the States > unhampered in enacting anti
trust laws. .
Will Support the Republican Measure
in the House Should Their
Substitute Be Voted
Down.
Favor Adverse Vote on
Proposed Constitutional
Amendment.
PROGRAMME OF
DEMOCRATS ON
TRUST ISSUE
HOGAN GIVES
THE DECISION
TO KID McCOY
Then Tommy Ryan Lands
a Left Swing on the
Referee.
Both Were on Their Feet
at the Finish.
Men Had Agreed That the Fight
Should Be Declared a Draw if
CHICAGO, May 23.— Kid McCoy waa
given the decision over Syracuse Tommy
Ityan to-night at the end of one of the
prettiest six-round fights ever ceen here.
Hut over the decision and what th* ref
eree, Malachi Hogan. claims waa a. mis
apprehension, a free-for-all f\ght resulted,
and but for the presence of a large force
Of police, who hustled the men out of the
ring and cleared the hail in a hurry, it is
probable that, the McCoy-Ryan" right
would not have been the moet interesting
thing on the evening's programme.
iiotran eaid nothing, but climbed through
the ropes.
¦' One clause of the a^reornent was that a
Craw should be declared if both men were
cn their feet at th« end of the sixth round.
Referee Hogan 5r.ld after tho contest that
be had 120 t^uch understanding and ren
dered a decision as he thought just. As
the bell rang at the c:id of the sixth round
Ryan, bleeding from ear and nose from
the Kid's Jk-rce left jabs, but compara
tively fresh, started toward his corner.
"ilcCyy wins," shouted Beferee llogari.
In an instant ihe Isaii was 111 a panuemo
nium.
"What do you moan?" said Ryan, in
'You're a robber." Fhouted Ryan.
Hogan turned around and 1 um as he did
bo Kyan swung his left to slogan's face
Quick as a Cash Uojcan returned the com
pliment • vitii a blow 0:1 Tommy's no«e
liefore they could go further t'he police
were between them. Thr Tatiersall
management admitted after the fight that
the draw agreement vr..« eorrect, Out said
H«.gan's decision would Htar.d.
McCoy the Cleverer.
60 far as t!ie fight was concerned Mc-
Coy, in the opinion of a large majoritv
had a lor.u shudf the better of it. Rvarl
carried the tight to his maa continually
but the elusive Kid waa generally out of
the way and his lightning jabs had
Tommy bleeding pliphuy early Jn the
J!g!U. Ryan shook the KM up badly a
number of tiinfs. however, witli right :ir.<i
left hooks to the stomach and jaw and
was fS'par^ntly fully as fr*>sh as h!s un
marked opponent at the iinit:h.
The two rivals for middleweight honors
weighed In at. Malachi Hogun's at c
o'clock this afternoon. McCoy, with a
heavy undershirt en. barely tijmod thf>
scales at the stipulated weight, 15s
pounds. Hyan. hi.wuvcr, did not budge It
lie probably weighed about 151 pounds.
The first event on the card was
schfdu!/Hl fnr S:30 p. m.. but by 8 o'clock
every seat and available bit cf standing
room was occupied and lor.g lines of
arslous ejmrts stood at th« various en
trances clamoring for admission. It
was the biggest crowd that has gathered
at Tattersail's j:: years.
Betting on the fight was not heavy.
McCoy was a hot favorite at 2 to 1, .with
but little Ryan money in Kight even at
three figures. There was. however, con
siderable money bet at the ringside that
An entertainment and dance will be given
by the San Francisco Dramatic Club at
Union-Square Hall this evening. The en
tertainment commences at 8:15 and danc
ing begins at 10. Folloglng is the pro
gramme: Selections on the graphophone;
"Wolff and Murphy, Irish comedians and
coon specialists; Miss Ruby Cameron, in
her original tambourine dance; Lewis
Isaacs, song and dance artist; Mrs. Lizzie
"Waterman Grant, vocal solo, selected:
Frank H. Muller, comic dance; Miss Hazel
Holten, specialty artist; O. O. Schweitzer,
the human; Baby Margarlte and Hazel
Holton. cake walk; Mrs. B. Howell, In her
famous ballads; Mrs. Jennie Rovegna,
vocal solo, selected.
Dramatic Club's Entertainment.
BRILLIANT OPENING
OF ORGANISTS' GUILD
The thirteenth public service of the
American Guild of Organist* wait held last
night in Trinity Church. A large audi
ence greeted the efforts of the magnificent
choir of one hundred voices and the com
petent orchestra, which were directed by
H. J. 8tewart and Wallace A. Sabln.
The service was made the occasion for
the production of new work. A fine an
them by H. J. Stewart, which In 1S0O was
awarded the Clemson gold medal, offered
for competition by the Guild of Organists,
was given and "The Triumphal March."
which closed the service, was also com
posed by him. Mr. Sabln was to the fore
with a noble "Magnificat" and "Nunc
Dimittls."
Mr. Stewart and Mr. Sabin also gave
organ solos, which were much enjoved
"The Allego in F." Guilmant. and "Pas
torale" of Guilmant. respectively, and the
clear, velvety soprano of illas Flrnn
added greatly to tho affair.
First Public Service of the American
Organization Is Held at
Trinity.
Argument in the Fresno rate case was
continued before Judge Bahrs yester
day. John Barber opened the argument
of the day on behalf of the railroad com
pany. He contended that unjust discrim
ination against the road resulted in the
enactment of the provisions under which
the corporation was being proceeded
against, and contended that the company
had been deprived of its legal right to
show that the $5 00 rate between this
city and Fresno was a just and proper
one. Attorney Short followed Judge
Garber on behalf of the people. He had
not concluded at the hour of adjournment
and a continuance was taken until Tues
day.
Rate Case Argued.
Many prominent Jewish citizens of thl3
city are Interesting themselves In a move
ment to raise funds for the relief of the
starving Jews of Bessarabia, Contribu
tions have been collected by Rabbis Levy,
VoorsanRer. Meyers and Nleto. P. X.
Lilenthal of the Anglo-California Bank Is
acting as treasurer of the fund, and has
already sent $500 to the president of the
fellef fund at Odessa. Contributions left
with any of the gentlemen named will bo
gratefully received and promptly for
warded.
Suffering Jews in Bessarabia.
Thrown From His Wagon.
John Kennedy, teamster, residing at
1559 Folsom street, was treated yesterday
at the City anrl County Hospital. H#
was thrown from his wagon, which was
struck by a trolley car. One forearm
was broken and his scalp was lacerated^v
Ryan would stay the six. rounds.
Dispute Over Bandages.
It was 10:30 p. in. when McCov, attended
by Jii!!y Stift. Harry Harris. Homer Selby
and Philadelphia J;tck O'Brim as seconds,
oliirl'rd through the ropes and took the
northwest corner of the ring. A few mo
ments later Tommy Ryan, accompanied
by Harry GlUnore, Jack Jeffries and Pat
Karle. climbed into the ring, amid a roar
of cheers, and walked over to the south
fust corner.
McCoy had entered the ring with his
hands heavily bandaged, and over Ryan's
inpistar.ee that the bandages he removed
a wordy contest was waged between the
seconds. For Dearly tc-n minutes, amid the
hf«=?» s of the crowd and shouts of "lake
'(•m off." McCoy sut silent in his corner,
refusing to take the tape from his hands.
The articles allowed soft bandages, but
Ryan insisted that the tape on Mi Coy's
han«is was much harder than allowable.
Finally George Siltr and two members
of tiie press were agreed upon by both
to settle the dispute.
"Th:it tape is all right." said Siler, and
Ryan, in disgust, walked to his corner.
The gloves were quickly donned and
Referee Malachi Hogan called the men to
the center of the ring for final instruc
tions. It was apparent as the men stood
listening to Hogan that both were in the
finest possible condition.
The Fight by Bounds.
First round— Hoth men eparred cautiously
for a moment, when the Kid swung to Ityan'ti
wind. Ityan count^rlnff to the face. McCoy
put a Btratght loft to the nose and a right
fwiri; to the tiose without a return. A fl»rce
r<s!ly etraed. ISoth fell to the floor, an<l both
camV up ymil!njf. McCoy Immediately dashed
hie I^:t three times to the nop?. Ityan rufh
lns:. taodiOC a hard right on the ribs, but
was countered heavily on the cheek. Tommy
re me In with head down, swinging li!s right.
but wan met with a risht uppereut on the
clin-st. The u>"xt attempt wa? more
his rlKht reaching McCoy', ear with force, but
an Inptant later McCoy hashed his left to
Kyan« mouth.
Second I'und— The men came to a clinch in
ftantly. with no damapf. Kyan, with his
h"ad down, ni^hf-d, but received a rlnht upper
cut on the ch.o*t a»ra!n. McCoy took a turn
at rushlnp end pwurit his ri(?ht. Ryan rushed
inimedlhlely. but missed and fell to the floor.
Ityan dashed in. but each time received Mo-
Coy's le't straight In the face. Ryan hooked
h'.s left for th«- ear. but the clever Kid s=tnp|)*>(l
It with hie shoulder. Kyan tried it again, the
blow g'.ancine along McCoy** face. McCoy
then dashed In a hard left etralfiht to Tommy's
eye, Ityan bringing his left Unfitly to the
mouth. Both wen? hleedir.t; slightly from th?
mouth as they went to thrir corners".
Third round— Ityan rushed, but did no dam
age. 11 " cautiously for a few seconds.
Hyan asain rus-hed and put a hard left to the
r;t>5, receiving a hard right straight on the
*)«». letting McCoy Into a neutral corner.
Hyan tried a left hook, but the Kid was well
ir.F!<l<'. Hu.»h!nc McCoy In nil corner. Ityan
swung both ricl-.t nnd left, but McCoy's ever
ready left foun.l a lodging place on T>>mmy'F
¦tomach. To-nrr.y missed a right. An inptant
later McCoy swung a terrln; left to Hyan's
fa<e and dazfii him. livan rushed him, hew
ever, hut received a hard rU'ht in the fa^e.
The .bell • rang in the midft of a fierce mlxup
In the center of the ring 1 .
Hyan Crowds the Kid.
Fourth roun<! — Ilyan. as u = nnl. assumed the
offensive, and McCoy, backlr.gr into his own
ccmer. lauded his ripht on Tommy's chest.
nn<l in a fierce mlxup in the center of the rintf,
threw his left to Tummy's face. Airaln Ryan
rtnf.hed in. and in a mixup the Kid Flipped to
the floor, v.here he Ptayed for a few seconds.
smiliriR. r.ynn hocked a hard left to the Kid's
(aw and crowded him to his own corner and
landed a hard right and left on the ribs, re
ceiving two hard lefts on the face. McCoy
liookf-ii his left to the stomach and face. Hyan
mtfted a left ho<,U by a foot and received a left
lic>ok en the jaw which sent his head around.
Jiist ai> the bell ranjt both exchanged lefts on
th" stomach. This was Hyan's best round.
Fifth round— liyan blocked a left for the face.
Hyan rushed, but the Kid cleverly evaded him.
Again Tommy rushed ar.d Fwung his riKht hard
on the Klile hrart. the KM counterinK with a
left on the ear. Twice more Hyan rushed, the
Kid easily evading him. A "fierce mix fol-
UnnA. in which Tommy's no«e was split by b
back-hsnded left from McCoy. Tommy Hv.'iing
a right to the ril*. receiving two le'ft hooka on
the cheek. McCoy cleverly ducked a straight
|f-ft. McCoy put a hard left to Tommy's nose.
Then a mix followed in McCoy's corner, but
Kyon was unabl" to land effectlvelj\ The men
fMJcht alone one (tide of the ring- and were
lan'iins rieht ami left when the l>oil Bounded.
Sixth round— IVth «parred cautiously for an
Instant. Hyan trted a left hook, but McCoy
vrr.r Inside with Ms left on Tommy's sore nose.
In the mix Tommy landed twice, reer-lv-ins a
hard richt on the rar. Tommy again rushed
acd landed a terrific rieht on the. KM. the
latter Flldlny; to the floor. Hp arose Instantly,
apparently unharmed. Hyan rushed the Kid
around the ring nnd finally, getting McCoy to
h'.s own enrnrr, hooked a rieht «.-> the Kid's
ear, but received a terrific left which straiBht
er.cd him up. Hyan kept en crowding, swing
ing left an1 rlRht. but "not landing once In four
times, the Kid blocktne cleverly. Ryan put a
hRrd right to the Kid's jaw and left to the ear.
McCov was given the decision at the end of
this round.
B*v. Mr. Jeffries Sees Jack Win.
Thrca of the four preliminaries resulted
in some decidedly pretty milling. Art
Slmms of Akron, Ohio, gained a decision
over his old antagonist, George Stead (.Olo
Olsen) of Chicago at the end of the sixth
round; Simms came within fin ace of
breaking his nock in the fifth round by
going clear over Stead's shoulders and
alighting on the top of his head. It shook
him vr> badly.
Harry Harm of Chicago Jabbed his long
left into Buddy Ryan's face for six rounds
aj;d gained an easy decision. Ryan's face
w.is badly marked at the close.
Jack Jeffries of L,os Angeles, brother of
the heavyweight cha.rr.plon, made his de
but In the ring for a six-round go with
Jack Bauscholt of Chicago, and the spec
tators watched his work with much inter
est. Jeffries, who writhed at least fif
teen pounds more than his opponent,
showed some nervousness at first, but In
the third round settled to his work and in
the fourth, after staggering his man with
right and left to the jaw, hooked a right
to the point, which settled things. Jef
fries showed good footwork and the gen
eral opinion was that he would do.
Not the least Interested spectator of
this bout was Jeffries' father. Rev. Mr.
Jeffries, who saw a fight for the first
time. What his opinion on the matter
was he refused to say, however.
had l'oen secured and apartment? spoken
for 'n the gay capital. To the ioving
couple the reason wiien the leaves begin
to turn was i"u.rther away than they in
patience couid endure, so they took the
matter in their own hands, and on the I
i'?ii were married in San Jcse. ;
Tills morning 2Irs. Follett leaves for {he
ICast en route to Europe, unhappy only
because she will be deprived of the com
pany of her boloved daughter.
The fair yourg bride wns one of the
rr.r-st popular belies in select Sioux City
circles. She Is the dauphter of the late
.1. \j. Follett. E-he is a Vassar graduate.
charming «inil beautiful. She has traveled
extensively; and in all of the many cities
which she has visited she has made
friends and for.nd admirers.
Richard Armstrong, the lucky man, is
well known in this cily, and is connected
with the llrm of Shrevo & Co., jewelers.
Live Pigeons the Marks of the Shot
gun Brigade To-Day at Ingle
side Grounds.
The most prominent trap-ahootera In
California will meet to-day at the
grounds of the San Francisco Trap-shoot
ing Association. Ingleside. In competition
for the Edward Donohoe trophy. Fifty
one entries were received. The men who
will shoot from tho thirty-one-yard mark,
the mark of honor, are: Otto Feudner, C.
A. Haight and Clarence C. Nauman. Tho
complete Il3t of entries with the respec
tive distance each, man will stand from
the traps follows:
H. ItlckWson. 2S yards; Herbert Kullman, 25;
E. I* Schultz. 2S; T. I* Lewis, 26; B, li. Kit
tredire. 28; E. II. Cuthbert. 27; Ed Fay. 30; J.
Downey Harvey. 29; II. O. Vernnn, 2S; George
II. Anderson. 30; Henry Justlns. 2S; Cltnton E.
Vs'orden. 27; It. B. Murdoch. 28; J. Brur.s. 2S;
P. J. McRae, H; Howard Black. 27: G. II. T.
Jackson. 27; I* I>. Owens. IS: W. J. Oolcher.
JO; P. J. W'alth. 30; A. M. Shields. 2S; J. Kull
man. 26; Kred Feudner. 28; C. W. Dcbcnharo.
21; James McDonnell. 27; B. F. Alden. 2*:
Frank Maskey, 30; J. J. Sweeney, 28; A. T.
Derby, 23: T. H. B. Johnson, 27; TV", it. T.
Hlne. 23; R. C Rosenberg, »• F. R. Webster,
IV, Frank Vernon. 27: A. M. Barker. 3>. C. C.
McXIahon. 23; B. J. Devlin. Si; C F. Stone. 2<!;
II. E. Rose. 27; J. F. Karney. »: M. O. Feufl
ner. 31; Edsc»r Korst»r. 23; W. H. Williamson.
30; C. C. Nauman. 31: P. B. Bekeart. :*: C. A.
HalJtht. 31; C. II. Shaw. 23; C. T. Mitchell.
27; W. E. Murdock, 29: H. A. Hoyt. 28, and D.
R. Hall*.
CRACK SHOTS WILL TRY
FOR THE DONOHOE CUP
RICHARD FELIX ARMSTRONG
and his fair young bride, whose ro
mantic wedding: was told exclusive
ly in yesterday morning's Call, will,
after they have enjoyed their honeymoon
to the full in Blithedale, return and take
up their residence in this city.
When Mis? Mary Follett, belle and heir
ofs of Sioux City. Iowa, was wedded to
young Armstrong she gave up more than
the honored came sli<? bore. She gave up
a trip to the J'aris Exposition. And the
same trip was the cause of the ha-.-tv
nuptials, for which no cards wore Issued.
Mifs Fnllett. with her mother. Mrs.
Viola Follett; had been spending the •win
ter on this coast. IMiring their stay in
Southern California the belle from Sioux
City was introduced to Richard Arm
strong. It was a case of love at first
*ifrht. and the announo<-ment of the en
gagvmont. which so rapidly followed the
meeting of the young couple, while it cer
tainly came in the nature of a surprise.
was not altogether unexpected.
There were no objections made to thf'
vinion of the voudk people, only Mrs. Fol
!ett wanted the happy event set for late
in the fall. Mother and daughter had ar
ranged lo go to Paris. Transportation
SCHOONER PROSPER
STARTS FOR NOME
Former Queen Liliuokalani
Sails for Her Island
Home to Die.
Custom-Eouse and Internal Eevenu
Officers Who Will Organize Those
Services in Hawaii Also
Go on the Peking.
»
ITawallans predominated In the crowd
that gathered to see tho steamer City of
Peking sail for Honolulu and tho Orient
yesterday. The Chinese and Japaneso
on the wharf did not number a score,
whereas on sailing days hitherto they
have been numbered by the hundreds.
The departure of ex-Queen Lllluokalanl
drew the Hawaiians to the Mail dock.
She was accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.
Macfarlane, Dr. J. H. English, her phy
sician, John D. Amoka, Joseph -Heleluhe
and Miss Heleluhe, and two or three more
of her personal friends. The ex-Queen
does not look well, and it Is said she Is
going home to die. All the medical skill
of the East could not save her, and as
soon as the news was broken to her
Lilluokalanl decided to hasten home and
end her days among her own people.
The Hawaiian quartet was down to see
the steamer away, and the members
sang a number of native songs, and
when Lilioukalani appeared in the door
way of the Social Hall they struck up
"Hawaii Xei."
Burt M. Thomas and F. H. Drlscoll.
from the office of the Internal Revenue
Agent, and R. M. Frick, chief deputy in
the office of the Collector of Internal
Revenue, were also pa.ssenpexs on the
Peking. They are bound for Honolulu to
establish a system of internal revenue
for Hawaii. Mr. Thomas expects to be
gone about two months. Dr. Day, port
physician at Honolulu, was also a pas
senger. Frank Richardson, one of the
Bay City Wheelmen, is to make hfs home
in Honolulu for some time to come. He
takes charge of the Government cold
storage plant on his arrival In the isl
ands. The Misses Alice and Theresa
Rooney were also among the Peking's
passengers. The young ladles are to make
a tour of the ¦world.
Two Valuable Cargoes.
The mail steamer Australia sails to-day
for Honolulu with one of the most valu
able cargoes aboard that has ever gone
to the islands. It is nearly all composed
of general merchandise. Some machinery
and hardware completes the lading of the
vessel. Among those who will leave on
the Australia will be Harry Thoma3, the
Custom-house broktr. He is making • a
business trip to the islands. Special
Agent \V. S. Chance and Special Deputy
Collector Andrew Smith will also go to
Honolulu on the steamer. They will do
for the customs service In the islands
what Thomas and his associates will do
for the internal revenue service.
The Taciiic Mail Company's steamer
Algoa will sail for the Orient In a few
days with tho largest cargo that ha3 ever
left this port in one bottom. She will
carry about 17,000 tons of general mcr
chR.ndise. all of which is for Japan and
China. Among the consignments going to
Japan are 15H carloads of whlto rye
whisky and alcohol. Then there will be
several thousand tons of flour, wire and
wire netting, and machinery enough
aboard to load half a dozen ordinary ves
sels.
Bound for Cape Nome.
Another party of geld hunters started
for the frozen' north yesterday. They left
in the little schooner Prosper and expect
to make Kotzebue Sound In about six
weeks. The venture was engineered by
"Joe" Fretse. son of Captain A. C. Freese,
but at the last moment he could not get
away, so the party is under the leadership
of Captain John E. Helander. With him
are \V. N. Letcher. Alex Mins and four
others, bepides a crew of three. At Kot
zebue Sound the supplies for the French
mission will he landed and then the
schooner will be sailed back to Nome
where the gold hunters will disembark.
The Prosper will then go into the passen
per trade between Cape York and Cape
Nome and St. Michael.
The steamer Noyo will sail for Nome
this afternoon. She will take av.-ay about
fifty-six passengers, all the Klmball Com
pany wxwM take on tho vessel. In the
'tween decks she carries thirty-six head of
horses. Captain P. A. Johnson, for
merly of the steamer Mount Eden, will
take the Novo to Nome.
The steamer San Juan of the Mail Com
pany's line has been added to the Alaska
Commercial Company's Nome fleet and
will probably get away in company with
the San Jose next Saturday. The San
Jose carries an enormous cargo to the
north, but will only take about 150 passen
pers. while the San Juan will take away
about 4>v> gold hunters. The steamer
Humboldt also sails Saturday, so there
will be another exodus on that date.
New Scbooner Launched.
The four-masted schooner William 01
sen. built for the Mexican trade, was
launched from Hay & Wright's yards at
Alameda Point yesterday.- The new ves
sel Is a sister s?h!p tr> the Philippine and
should prove herself a clipper. Captain
William Olsen. owner of the Vine and
Feveral other vessels In the Mexican trade,
had the new schooner built.
Jack Hines in Anger Smites
the Features of Conte
Worthington.
Lively Time in tenderloin District,
. and Over It All Is the
Shadow of Some
Woman.
.". : — •-?-;
WHAT. I should have done was to
kill him," hissed peaceful Jack
Hines, the barytone singer, after
he had struck C. A. Worthing
ton, in front of the Tivoli early Monday
evening. "1 told him not to trifle with
me, but he would not heed the warning X
so gratuitously offered. And now he is
a sadder and a wiser man."
After freeing himself of nil this super
heated air. Hines- walked away from the
scene- of the' encounter, head held high,
chest extended and toes well out. Ho and
Mr. Worthlngton, two well-Unown young
men about town, h:id come together with
a clash. Some say that but a single blow
wns Ktrnrk. whpn thf» bellicose Hines,
MAINTAINED HIS
HONOR WITH HIS
BIG RIGHT FIST
Commencement Exercises To-SXorroro
Morning*— Class Party in Even
ing and Alumni Associa
tion on Friday. *
Hundreds of people Journeyed out to
Sixteenth and Utah streets yesterday to
inspect the handiwork of the clever pu
plls of the James Lick School of Mechan
ical Art. The exhibition 13 the largest
and best that has ever been made by this
school, and Principal Merrill and the
members of his staff of teachers are Justly
proud of the progress made by the boys
and girls under their guidance.
Pcssibiy the most attractive exhibit la
that of freehand -work made by Miss Dee
Bebee's classes. It covers the walls of
the big front room, and presents a great
variety of very creditable drawings, for
the most part by the members of the grad
uating class, but many of them by under
graduates, who show great promise. An
interesting exhibit is that made by Miss
Mary Crlttenden's classes In dressmak
ing, sewing and cooking. E. Hewetfs
classes In carpentry have made a most
favorable ' showing, while the machine
shops and forging department, which are
under the supervision of W. Woodman,
exhibit some work of which any old and
experienced mechanic might well be
proud. •
The graduating class this year ia tha
largest In the history of tho Institution.
Out of an attendance of 320 pupils thirty
flvo will receive diplomas showing that
th*y have completed with credit the
course of study and instruction laid down
for them. Many of the graduates will go
directly to the State University to pursue
their studies further, while some will wri
ter at once the battle of life for which
they have been fitted.
The commencement exercises will be
held In the main assembly hall of the
school building to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock, and will continue throughout the
atfernoon. In the evening the graduating
class will give a party and dance in the
school building. The annual meeting of
the alumni will take place on Friday,
when the most recent graduates will bo
welcomed Into the association.
James Lick School to Grad
uate Largest Class in
Its History.
MECHANICAL ART
PUPILS EXHIBIT
EXCELLENT WORK
GAVE UP A TRIP TO
PARIS ALL FOR LOVE
DID NOT ASSERT
HE WOULD SLAP
REV. DR. PARRISH
Homy Austin Adams' Deuial
of a Sensational
Statement.
Icterestir-g Prrfac; to Lecture on
"The Theater? by Distinguished
Orator 3?lorc Cathclic .
Truth Society.
p.
¦ liei:r> Austin Adams delivered a lecture
on "The Theater*! last night at Metropoli
tan Ternijie under th<. auspices of the
Catholic Truth Society and prefaced his
r< narka by denying ihat be h:»d uttered
ecrtain wurds attributed t^> nlm bv a
M-: .iiior.sl Journal, of this clti-- Mr.
rf 'id3:::s was quoted as hmir.g sa:d that
because -.' ;i coatrovcrsjr between that
£<•::( kn:an ami 2:in.»'_;" be would slap the
;aee of Uev. Herbt-rt J'arrish should he
titeet tbe latter on a public street.
:'l pust sa: :i few words," said Mr.
AAaiiM ia cuJtins hla public denial before
an audience which ::iieJ llio temple al
most to overflowing. Teearding the al
leged pugilistic encounter Impending bo
twpcii mys"if and a certain reverend gen
.tierna:;. 1 ;tm «i .^'.r^iiter to the platform
cf : San RudtM anu 1 am perfectly will
ing to let t:ie people judg^ of my altitude
la this matter. 1 gave uie gentleman tne
private opportunity to wituaraw certain
¦Janderoufl ti >ne* t;e ):ad circulated about
iru», lu tTo.d faith r.o <:out<t. on his part.
1 wrote a courteous mid affectionate note
to my friend, tar tie was my friend. The
only thing i have done to ."separate our
friendship was when 1 became a Roman
Catholic. 1 received ji<j answer to my
¦.note, but there cane a telephone message
intorming mo that In. would ignore niy
<x>raTni:r.icatio:i. His only object was to
t:«-aTe a suspicion of my loyalty to the
Catholic faltn a desire to imjiupn my
.g^otives m allying myself with a religion
to which I have unvoted The best that
Js Within me. He did not hasten to Krasp
my hand, as did bishop Morela::d, Uod
blow him.
"About the flapping and kicking, I don't
know anything alKtui that. When J was
i-- '¦¦¦¦'¦ v.hat 1 was going to do about It 1
replied •Well, when naughty little boys
teii little piris libs, sometimes they are
Ranked.' and t'ae fertile imajiination of
that reporter wove a UtCg romance about
an incident which we will now consider
closed. Ooi3 forbid I s-nould do a man an
Injustice. When a Protestant becomes a
Roman Catholic thf charitable among his
former brethren say *l"oor fellow' and
t!j. n point to hi? heaJ. The other class.
like ParriPh. point to ljjs heart and s-ay
that has gone wrong."
Coming down to the subject of his Jec
t^re. Mr. Adams Rave an Interesting nar
rative of how he and the late Augtistin
Daly had studied th^ various form* of
melodrama in New York City. AJr. Adam-!
advocated t!;o visitir.s of theaters that
produced clean, wholesome plays, and
traced the evolution of the ancient to the
modern drama.
•'. '•Tell me what kind of .plays are suc
cessful in San Franc is=cn." said he. "and
I will t<!i you what k;r.d of people you
are. Do not patronize rfceatefs unless the
play? v.-IM Kttind the mrster of three tests
—art. literature and truth. See a g.iod
melodrama. r>r a clever comedy, but avoid
that horrible. etaascu*ated i>»=-rvt>rsion of
pessimistic life known as 'society dramas '
Take your wive?, Kilters and mothers onl'v
to those piayhouwfl where their fair souls
vnall Kee those pictt'res that are true and'
pure, where the truth vill be exaggerated
ra« her than .liminished "
Superior Judge Murasky presided and
announced that the \ar\ lecture by M-
Ac.nms tn this city would be delivered
Thursday night aid that liev. Father
inrkc would nreside.
The r*I»n<IerouB stoiies" that Orator
Adams says emanated rrom Rev. «,:r Par-
T.s.i. r.re alleecd statements to the effect
that the f.rs< ramrd Iiad r«-er.t!v made
.Sf.ve r:l | att.rr:>ts to p«-t back into the
Lpiscnpal fold. Rev. Mr. >'P.rri«h denios
that, he ever made any si^h statements
end rajs he ha? enough to do in altendinir
[ \V-£ .?f'M r "A.j a mi! h " Ut botI ' er{n S about
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, MAY 30. 1900.
overcrowded with grievances, was torn
away from the object of his fistic wrath.
But there are others who think otherwise,
for the whirlwind of rumor and report
has swept the circles in which both men
gyrate.
For two days previous to the Mow,
which Ilines had nursed in contempla-
4
Schooner Prosper Bound fop Ncme.
I Disorders of Hen j
g >^ STRICTLY RELIABLE. §
Q y7IM\ Vfi V xrAnicocvLTZ ccred in oxb «
O if /TVO^^>7^/K \>s^ y we ' k a L. offlce or four week** home S
X -*«-^/7 f /|RO**S^i55^//\ \V^ treatment without operation. O
§ *// 1/ IV^kfrZy^l \J>y^* Blood Taints Contracted DUorders and «
« U—y I \ II V«^ ever * form ot Weakness" * specialty O
« fe* \\ \i I II \V fc We make a .peclauy of cMMwhiVh <>
I \\ I M >/ NOT a "Weakness"!)^ |
g I / an Inf lamination. s
S « B >' fa r the most frecueat causa of so-called "weakness" of men Is chroate In- S
« flammatlon of th« Proetate. Gland. This gland la th» very center of th« «pVu C Yi?, ? S £H §
S function «'r 1 \r a , dUjr ** un ««">too4 that inflammation 01 any organ milVEEFdlSrtlSZx §
K i^2» n ?,* that cr *an. A remedy that would cure a real weakness would mak- an Q
O iriflammation worse. . Henco tha necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men ha* • Q
« unsuccesafully treated for weakness will now know the cause of failure Ourcractlc* S
S is devoted. to this condition, together with contracted ailment*. Iauur *- Our Brac " c » «
» „„-. * "ply specialists In San Franclaco with a thoroughly equipped honnllal trained «
8 Si 8 hIn*1« C "«i, B i CO 5 ne ? tlo ?-' f ; r the • cc ° mmo^«Qa <* out-of-towa^atlem, and SuSS g
wisnmx to remain durlnsr treatmenL W
g ph^STiSSSSS? *&%%£&$&%£?""* " patIent ie *' to «»>»«»•«. §
g — **"» Information cheerfully mailed !n plain envelops. . S
g Of Deo hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m., Sundays included, . S
I 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street IRailroad Commissioners Conclude
Their Work in Milwaukee by
Electing Officers. .
MILWAUKEE. May 23.— The convention
of Railroad Commissioners adjourned sine
die this evening with the election of the
following officers: President, Cicerno J
Lindley of Illinois: first vice president. W
I>. Evans of South Carolina; second vice
president, T. J. Hennessey of Missouri
secretary. E. A. Moseley; assistant secre
tary, Martin S. Decker. The 1901 conven
tion will be held in San Francisco.
I/IEtrTENANT KILLED.
Relief Force for Koomassie Attacked
by Natives.
LONDON, May 29.— The British Colonial
Office to-day received advices via Accra,
British Gold Coast, from Colonel Wll
cocks, in command of the relief force
which recently started for Koomassie
saying that a small force of Huassas
from Prahsu, commanded by Lieutenant
Slater, had bepn attacked and that Slater
and several others had been killed.
Pioneer "Woman T>ead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, May 29.-Mrs. Jane
Garrett. aged S3 years, died here last
night. She was a pioneer resident of this
city and her death is mourned by the en
tire community, by whom she was univer
sally esteemed.
American Association Games.
INDIAXAPOLIS, May 29.— Indianapolis 6.
Detroit 4.' „
CHICAGO, May 29.— Chicago 4, Kansas City 6
May 29.— Buffalo 0. Cleveland 5. *
won. Matin second, The Conqueror third. Time,
1:00%,
Six furlongs, selling — Innovator won, Braw
Lad second. Maryland Reserve third. Time,
1:234.
One mile— Great Bend won, Molo second,
Strangest third. Time, 1:50.
Seven furlongs, selling — Woodtrlce won. Lo
mond second. Thomas Carr third. Time, l:Z"\i.
Five furlongs — Gold Badge won. Kid Cox sec
ond. His Eminence third. Time, 1:09%.
One mile and an eighth— Orlandone won, Ox
nard second. Papa. Harry third. Time, 2:06U.
ST. LOUIS, May 29.— Results at the Fair
Grounds:
One mile, selling— Russell R won. Ransom
second, Morris Volmer third. Time, 1:42^.
Four and a half furlongs — Golden Harvest
won, Sophie S second. Mlntara third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Maydlne won, Wlnne
bejour second, Castine third. Time, 1:15%.
One' mile and a sixteenth, handicap — Pinochle
won. Wounded Knee second. Lady Callahan
third. Time, l:4S»i.
Five furlongs— Siddara won. Danger Line sec
ond, Eocrys third. Time, 1:04.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Theory won.
Lord Neville second. Horseshoe Tobacco third.
Time.. 1:21*;. * ¦
MURDERED IN HILLS
NEAR GUERNEVILLE
Joe Luccatelli Found Dead, and His
Partner, Joe Bevani, Suspected
of the Crime.
SANTA ROSA. May 29.— The dead body
of Joe Luccatelli of Guerneville was found
to-day in Mission Canyon. It was covered
with brush and an examination showed
that the head had been split open as
though with an ax.
About ten days ago Luccatelli left here
with Joe Bovarri, his partner in the
business of cutting tanbark. Bovarri has
not been seen since. Officers are now on
his trail, a Coroner's jury this afternoon
having founH that ' Luccatelli was mur
dered under circumstances pointing to
Bovarri as his murderer. The suspected
man is not known to have left the county
and his early capture is expected.
SAN FRANCISCO GETS
THE NEXT CONVENTION
NEW YORK, May 29.— All grades of refined
sugar were advanced 10 cents a hundred pounds.
NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE. Hay 29.— The Unit
ed States cruiser Albany was commissioned
here. ?
NEW YORK, May 23.-The steamship Ger
manic, sailing for Europe, will take out 143,000
ounces of silver.
LONDON. May 29.— It was said that Mrs.
Gladstone is gradually growing weaker. Her
right side is paralyzed.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The three Boer en
voys left Washington Jor a trip north. They
will go first to New York and t then to Boston.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— President McKlnley
and party reached Washington on the Dolphin
from Chesapeake Bay, where they viewed the
eclipse.
BRUSSELS. May 29.— The general elections
have resulted In a reduction of the Catholic
majority from 102 to 85. The socialists are the
gainers.
PHILADELPHIA, May 29.— The steamship
Sierra, built for the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, was successfully launched at Cramps"
shipyard.
DETROIT. May 29.— David Ward, pioneer,
capitalist, lumberman and owner of a fortune
upward of ?25,0OO,OOO, died to-day at his home
In Pontlac.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The steam yacht
Oneida arrived here from. Bermuda with her
owner, E. C. Benedict, and ex-President Cleve
land on board.
TRENTON, N. J., May 29.— Papers were filed
here Increasing the capital stock of the Amer
ican-Hawaiian Steamship Company from $7C0 -
0CO to n.500,000.
CARACAS, May 29,— General Jose Hernandez,
the revolutionary leader; has been captured by
Government troops. The revolution is now
considered ended. \
TANGIER, Morocco, May 30.— Ahmed Ben
Mussa, late Grand Vizier, left a fortune of
£1,000,000, which was stored in the fortress of
the palace at Marakesh. ,
CALUMET, Mich., Hay 29.— There is every
reason to believe that the fire in the Calumet
and Hecla mine is under control and that It
cannot last much longer. ''•..-:
NEW YORK, May 29.— William Rockefeller
was operated upon yesterday for appendicitis.
The operation was in every respect successful
and Mr. Rockefeller is recovering. :- «
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 29.— Rev. Henry
Moeller of Cincinnati has bee:\ appointed
Bishop of Columbus to succeed Bishop Wat
terson, who died about thirteen months ago.
LOUISVILLE, May 29.— Colonel C. P. Atmore,
general passenger agent of the Louisville and
Nashville Railroad, dropped dead in his rooms
at Fourth and Chestnut streets this afternoon.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 23.— The stock of the
Tacoma Ledger held by C. J. Lord and Judee
M. G. Gordon has been purchased by M. E.
Reed, manager of the Capitol National Bank
at Olympla.
MUSKOGEE. I. T.. May 29.— Lloyd Wilson,
In trying to rob a store at Holdenvllle blew
open the safe with dynamite. The explosion
mashed his right hand and Injured the other
and he will probably .die.
NEW' YORK. May 29.— The United States
cruiser New York, which left the navy yard
and anchored off Tompkinsville., sailed for
Newport to be present at the opening of the
national college on June 1.
LONDON, May. 29. —The University of Cam
bridge will confer honorary degrees, June V
on Joseph H. Choate. the, United States Em
bassador: Professor White of Harvard and Pro
fessor S. P. Langley of Washington.
BUFFALO. N. Y.— May 29.— Fred L. Newton
the former teller i of the Fidelity Trust and
Guaranty Company, charged with embezzling
$1000 of the bank's funds, pleaded guilty and
was sentenced to six years in Auburn prison.
CHICAGO. May 29.— The forty-second annual
assembly of the United' Presbyterian ¦ Church
will probably adjourn at noon to-morrow. Des
Moines. Iowa, was selected by a unanimous
vote as the- choice for the next annual assem
bly.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— After " fifteen
months of preparation, the preliminary work
In connection with taklrg the twelfth census
is practically over, the actual field work com
mencing on the first day of June. Nearly 300
Promenada Concert in the Stanford Quad.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
H. Yost '99; "The Fifth Milestone,"' Miss
- H. L. ¦ Stadtmuller 'So; "Stanford and the
State," F. V. Keesllng '9S; "Retrospect
and Prospect," President Jordan.
This evening the promenade concert
was given in the quadrangle under the
auspices of the graduating class. The
arcades of the inner quadrangle were
elaborately decorated with incandescent
globes and Japanese lanterns, making a
very pretty effect. Music was furnished
by Yankes' Band of twenty-fi%-e pieces.
The young ladles of Roble, the Christian
association and the Alpha Phi, Kappa
Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha Theta
soroses kept open house in prettily ar
ranged booths, where light refreshments
and ices were served>
'supervisors have been selected, C2.G0O enumera
tors, something over 2000 special agents, a
clerical force is now at work numbering over
1000 end examinations are in force that will
provide for some 2200 more.
LONDON. May 19.— The King of Sweden and
Norway, who intended to start for Paris
Thursday, has been obliged to postpone his
departure- owing to a slight indisposition It
Is said, however, that his Illness Is not serious.
OMAHA. Nebr.. May 23.-W. L. Parke of
North .Platte. Nebr.. division superintendent of
the Union Pacific, was to-day appointed to a
similar position on the Wyoming division, vice
E. C. Harris, who has resigned. Park has been
with the road since 1S77, beginning as a brake
man.
DENVER, May 29.— The will of the late
Nathaniel P. Hill, former United States Sena
tor from Colorado, was filed for probate. His
great estate Is bequeathed to his widow and
three children and Is to be divided equally
among them. It Is believed the share of each
will amouct to more than J1.000.0CO.
KEWAUXEE. WIb., May 29.— A passenger
train on the Green Bay Western road was
wrecked five miles from this city to-day by
a washout. Engineer Michael Rlordan lost a
leg and may not survive. Fireman John
Brown was instantly killed, a large rod pierc
ing his body. The coaches were telescoped.
No other casualties were reported.
Sues Railway Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T.. May 29.— In
the Forty-fourth District Court at Dallas
a s.nlt has been filed by Eliza C. Ruf
agaSnst the Houston and Texas Central
Railway for damages in the sum of $20,000
for running over her husband, John A.
Ruf. The plaintiff alleges the accident
resulted from the negligent acts of the de
fendant and its agents and employes, and
further claims punitive damages In the
sum of $5000.
ELWELL S. OTIS TO
BE A MAJOR GENERAL
Nominated by President McXinley
as the Successor of
Merritt.
WASHINGTON. May 29.-The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Brigadier General Elwell S. Otis. U. S. A..
to be major general. June 18, 13C0, vice Mer
rltt to be retired on that date.
Court of Private Land Claims— Joseph R.
Reed of Iowa to be Chief Justice.
To be Associate Justices — Thomas Fuller of
Xorth Carolina. William R. Murray of Ten
nessee, Henry C Slusa ot Kansas, Wilbur E.
Stone of Colorado.
Thomas H. Norton of Ohio to be Consul at
Harpoot. Turkey.
Promotions in the volunteer army: Captain
Robert Burns, assistant surgepn. Forty-ninth
Infantry. U. S. V.. to be surreon, with rank
of major; First Lieutenant William C. Warms
ley, assistant surgeon Forty-ninth Infantry.
U. S. V., to be assistant surgeon, with rank
of captain; Second Lieutenant William F.
Gwynne, Thirty-sixth Infantry. U. S. V.. to
be first lieutenant; Second Lieutenant A. C.
Baskette, Thirty-seventh Infantry, U. S. V"..
to be first lieutenant: Quartermaster sergeant'
Elmer B. Gavett. Company H. Thirty-ninth
Infantry. U. S. V., to be second lieutenant.
STOCKHOLDERS LOSE.
Another Point Won by Depositors cf
Defunct San Jose Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 29.— Justice Rosenthal
to-day rendered judgments in about forty
sults brought by the Union Savings Bank
against stockholders of that institution
to collect a $10 per share assessment lev
ied by the bank directors. The judgments
are all under $300 and amount to between
$4000 and $G000. Some were entered by de
fault. The charges in each case amount
ed to $5 25. It Is not believed an appeal
will be taken, as the stockholders against
whom judgments were secured in the Su
perior Court are paying up. Money Is
rapidly coming into the bank from these
sources, and Attorney Welch, who repre
sents the depositors' organization. Is en
deavoring to hive another dividend paid
to the depositors.
Death of a Viticulturist.
ST. HELENA. May 29.— A telegram was
received to-day announcing the death In
Switzerland of John Thomann, a well
known wlnemaker of Xapa County. Mr.
Thomann had been In poor health for
some time and had returned to the land
of his birth hoping that the cliange would
be beneficial. Deceased came to California
In the late fifties and engaged in the
nursery and wine business at Sacramento.
He settled in Xapa County In 1S74, en
gaging extensively in viticulture and
winemaklng. Mr. Thomann was 64 years
of age.
PACIFIC COAST STUDENTS
ENGAGE IN ATHLETICS
Intercollegiate Field Day Held at Pa
cific Grove and Good Records
Are Made.
I PACIFIC GROVE. May 29.—Athletlcal
i ly to-day -was the most Important day of
the ten during which the convention of
Pacific Coast Students is holdirig session
| in this city, for the Intercollegiate field
day was held this afternoon. Among the
entries for the various events were some
well-known college athletes on this coast,
| several having competed in the Stanford
• Berkeley annual field day a short time
i ago. The events comprised all those usu-
I ally held in lield day contests and records
made were good throughout. Fred San
derson, Stanford '37, managed the con
tests and all the events passed off
smoothly.
The work of to-day's session was also
of great Interest and Importance, and a
j great deal or ground, laid out to *e gone
over by the present conference, was pro
fitably covered during the working hours
of to-day. The several departments were
conducted In their establshed order. F.
XV. Anderson, traveling secretary of the
j students' volunteer movement in Xorth
America, addressed the members of the
Missionary Institute. George W. Leavitt
of Purdue University. Indiana, address
ing the Bible study class. H. W. Rose.
International College secretary of the Y.
'¦ M. C. A., addressing the conference of
College Associations . and all the secre
taries present presenting Y. M. C. A. work
In all Its phases to the students assembled
for the life-work conference.
At 10 o'clock the convention was called
to order in the Assembly Hall to hear the
day's platform address presented by
Rev. Dr. White of Los Angeles, formerly
president of the University of Southern
California. A large attendance and great
Interest marked the exercises of this hour
and the song service which preceded the
address was especially good. Dr White
ppoke of "Christian Faithfulness" as a
theme growing out of the Scriptures, tell
ing how to achieve it and giving the
many reasons why it is a sine qua non of
effective work for Christ.
The results of the neld day were:
109-yard dash— Harter, Stanford, won. Time
:1! l-o. Xarramore, Stanford. Feeotid.
Half-mile run— Clifford. University of Cali
fornia, won. Time. 2:17 1-5. Johnson. Uni
versity cf California, pecend.
Quarter-mile walk— I»ughborough, Stanford
won. Time. 2:C0 3-3. Shuey. University of Call
lfornia, second.
?:o-yar.l darh— Harter. Stanford, won. Time
:24. Narramore. Standford. «econd.
Potato race— Clelland. Occidental won
High Jump— Clifford. University of California,
won, 5 feet 2% inches: Haseltlne. University
of California, second.
Running broad Jump— Xarramore, Stanford
won, 19 feet 4 inches; Chapin, Occidental sec
ond.
Ball throw— Barker, University of California
won.
Hop. step and Jump— Clifford, University of
California, won, 2S feet. 714 inches; Xarramore
Stanford, second.
Mile run— Chapin, Occidental, won, 5:01 4-5;
Clifford. University of California, second.
4<9-jard dash — Harter. Stanford, won. Time,
:56 4-5. Xarramore, Stanford, second.
Sack race— Harter, Stanford, won; Boynton.
Pomona, eecond.
Three-legged race — N'arramore and MeWethy
Stanford, won; Slbley and Haseltlne, Univer
sity of California, second.
Shotput— Ha?cltlne, University of California,
won. 26 feet " l i Inches; Shuey, University of
California, second.
Obstacle race— Not decided.
Tujr-of-war (Berkeley against world) Tie
University of California won the neld day, mak
ing 50 points. Stanford was second with 43 1 ,£
points. Best Individual score was made by
Harter, Stanford. 20 points; Clifford, University
of California, second, 19 points. /
OITTSIDEB EABNS BRACKETS.
Ben Frost at 100 to 1 Upsets Calcu-
lations at iLatonia.
CINCINNATI; May 29.— Ben Frost, at
100 to 1, gave the talent an awful shock
by beating Agitator at Latonia to-day.
Agitator was played for a" "g-ood thing"
and got a running start on his field. After
leading all the way to within a few yards
of the wire he faltered and Ben Frost
came through with a mighty rush and
landed first money by a head. The track
was still muddy. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Xettle Repent won,
XlacLaren second, Moneywood third. Time,
1:14.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Acushla
wr n. Oily Gamin • second. The Geesar third.
Time. 1:1S%.
Mil* and seventy yards, selling— Covlngton
won, Ecntl^y B second, Tolstoi third. Time,
1:54.
Six furlonss. Eelllns — Ben Frost won. Agita
tor fecend. Scrivener third. Time. 1:19.
Five furlongs— Irving Mayer won, Nitrate
second, Tadema third. Time. lMV t .
Mile and seventy yards, selling;— Wilson won,
Finem Respice second, Le Grange third. Time.
1:51%.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Long shots had
an inning to-day at Gravesend. Danforth
at 32 to 1, Merito at 10 to 1, Hindus at
15 to 1 and Bangor at C to 1 were winners.
Results:
About elx furlonps— Danforth won. The Bene
dict second. Magnificent third. Time, 1:11.
Mile and seventy yards — Merito won. Queen
of i-onc second, Oneck Qpeen third. Time,
1:45 4-5.
Five furlonss— Bedeck won. Prince of Mel
rose second, Ida Carbry third. Time, 1:01 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Hindus won. Karma
tian second. Ten Candles third. Time. 1:48 2-5.
Five furlongrs. srlling— Scurry won. Delmarch
eerontl. Gold Heels third. Time. 1:02.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Bangor won,
KInK Bramble second, First Whip third. Time,
1:4^2-5. .:.¦•;¦ :%/ ; ...-¦-
TORONTO, Ont.. May 23.— Results:
Six furlonep— Sprlr.ewells won. Dangerous
(Maid second. Momentum third. Time, 1:18.
) Five furlongs— The Copper won, Egyptian
(Prince second. Ijtfker third. Time, 1:OSV4.
Mile and an eighth — White Clover won, Eu
c'alre second, rillardis third. Time, 2:01H- •
MUe and a sixteenth— Chopin won, John Hal
ery eecond. Highland I'rince third. Time.
Six furlonirs — Prince Plausible won. Key Sala
r-ar second. Credentials thlrd > Time. J.-.1S.
jjile Alfred Vanrrave won, MaMstor.e sec
ond. Kitty Recent third. Time. 1:46.
CHICAGO, May 29. — Weather cloudy;
track heavy at Hawthorne to-day. Re
sults:
Four aad a fcaK furlongs— Princess '.Tatyana
Special Dispatch to The Call.
5TAXFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.
— The commencement exercises
were continued to-day by the
Stanford alumni. At 10 a. m. the
annual business meeting was held and the
following officers were elected:
President. U, M. Burrell '93; vice presi
dents, C. E. Schwartz '99 and H. F. Bllch
feldt '90; secretary. Miss L. E. Ray '97;
treasurer, J. P. Sheehan '95; executive
committee— R. !U Wilbur '96, J. E. Rey
nolds ?SG and Miss II. 1^ Stadtmuller '«5.
The annual alumni meeting was held in
the chapel at 11 a. m., where addresses
were made by D. S. Snedden '97 and D.
II. Webster "97. Shortly after noon the
annual reunion and luncheon took place
at Roble. where the following toasts were
responded to:
"To '00," George E. Crothera '95, toast
master; response, Ij. B. Wlckersham,
president of '00; "Alumni Day Sugges
tions,"' Professor John M. Stillman; "The
University Revisited," L. J. Hinsdale '95;
"The Stanford Woman," verses, George
Annual Meeting and. Reunion Held During the Day,
While in the Evening Many Enjoy a Promenade
Concert and Soroses Keep Open House.
Tight Otters Injured by Bullets That
Were Fired Indiscriminately
by TTain Crews, Strikers
and Sympathizers.
ET. LOTJIS. May, 23.— In a rioting sensa
to-day's developments were the worst ex
perienced since the strike on the lines of
the St. Louis Transit Company was In
augurated, over three weeks ago. The
rioting- was confined to the southern sec
tion of the city, and by nightfall the police
records showed that fully a dozen persons
had either received bullet wounds or been
hurt by flying missiles. Three of the per
sons hit by bullets received what are
probably mortal wounds, and that no one
was killed outright seems miraculous, con
sidering the great number of shots ex
changed in Indiscriminate fashion on the
part of the employes of the company, the
eirike sympathizers and the strikers them
selves.
The list of to-day's casualties follows:
. HERMAN PKSXlCHlCi;, shot in the
back, fatal.
JOHN T. RICE, shot through the chest,
fatal.
R. H. STILSON. Cleveland. Ohio, shot
through the chest, fatal.
John McCaUey, shot In knee; Dolly
Slitchell, ehot in right ana. "William
Grar.neman, shot In left leg; George La
costan. ehot in left arm; Albert Wack- i
witz, shot in right arm; John Decker, shot ,
in left thigh: frank Yeager. shot in hand;
Martin Burke, shot In hip.
Two of the riots occurred on South
Broadway as a result of the attempt of
the Transit Company to run its cars.
"i'he nr?t ditfturi>a.nce occurred at the in
tersection of Broadway and Miller street.
LJcnf.res had been started during the
night, and the crew of the first car out j
lound the tracks encumbered with the i
debris. A big crowd, composed of men, j
¦women and cnildren. was gathered at the
corner, and they hooted and Jeered the
crew as it attempted to remove the ob
structions. Almost immediately shooting
commenced from the car. The crowd scat
tered in every direction and in the great
est confusion. A schoolgirl named Dolly
Mitchell screamed and tell to the side
walk- She was borne to a place of safety,
and on examination it was found that she
was shot through the arm and was not j
seriously hurt.
The second clot occurred at Broadway j
and Pestalozzi streets. At the time a j
large crowd was gathered at the alley i
through v/hich the railway switch to the i
Anbeuser-Busch Brewery runs. As a j
cur passed the point the crowd first com- !
menced to Jeer at the crew and then be
gan to pelt the car with rocks and other
missiles. As socn as the car was thus as
saulted the tiring began. In all twenty
rive or thirty shots were flred. I'he crowd
began to run up the alley just as soon as
the firing started. Herman Pestichke, a
boy employed in the bottling department
of the brewery, was the first to fall with
a bullet in the «mail of his back. His
epine is injured, causing paralysis below
the point of injury, and his recovery is
thought impossible.
As soon as the trouble began a riot call
was sent to the Chief of Police and
twenty-live men were hurried to the
gcene. Edward J. Bresner, the conductor
on the car. was arrested and locked up,
charged with shooting Pestichke. Bresrrer
stated that he had snot when the others
In the car commenced firing, after the i
crowd attacked the car. He said he did j
not know whether he had hit any one or
not The three wounded men denied that
they had taken any part in the attack on
the car.
The most riotous disturbances occur
red near the intersection of California
avw.ue and Keokuk street. In this af
fray a non-union motorman and another |
employe on a car of the Transit Com
pany were probably fatally shot. The
oattie. while it raged, was fierce, and In
view of the large number of shots fired,
estimated at IK-J. It is remarkable that
tbere were net more Injured, if there
were they were removed before the police
could get to the scene.
As the car approached th» intersection
r.am^d Motorman R. H. Stilson, a man
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAYTONVTLLE, Cal.. May 23.— A most remarkable phenomenon resem
c.lr.jf in every way a volcanic eruption was observed to-day twelve miles
trom here on the mountain side. The discovery was made through hear
ing a. thundering, grinding noise, lyhlle immense clouds of vapor were seen
to issue from the mountain side. The inhabitants en drawing near the
scene of the disturbance discovered a clearing of about six acres, which Is
completely surrounded by a dense growth of timber. The opening is bar
ren of vegetation and some tv*enty-flvo miniature craters exactly resem
bling volcanoes in shape were se«n to rise out of the ground from four to
five feet high and about el^ht feet in diameter. Each crater was belching
forth warm vapor, accompanied by mud, throwing the mud about twenty
feet high, which would flow down the mountain in a lava-Hke stream. A
costisxious tremble of the earth Is felt and the rumbling of the active
eruption of the volcanoes Is heard for miles away. Great crowds of peo
ple or« camped en the mountain to-night viewing the spectacle.
RIOTING GROWS
WORSE IN THE
ST. LOUIS STRIKE
Three Persons Shot and
Will Probably Die From
Their Wounds.
imported from Cleveland, Ohio, and Emer
gency Policeman Lofton, who were on the
front platform, saw that some obstruc
tions had been piled high and that the
tracks were impassaJSle. A big crowd of
people were gathered to witness the re
moval of the obstructions.
They began to hoot and Jeer and to ap
ply epithets to the crew of the car, dar
ing any one to gret oft the car to remove
the obstructions from the track. As Stil
son started to step from the car his action
was the signal for firing to begin from the
crowd. Almost at the first shot Stilson
threw up hJs hands and fell to the front
Platform with a bullet through his body
In the fusillade that followed John E.
Klco, a road agent, who was on the car,
was shot down as he got from his Feat
inside, receiving a ball through the chest.
The police bodyguard on the car opened
fire on the mob, at least 200 shots In all
being exchanged. The mob scattered and
ran down side streets to get away.
About Twenty-Five Small Craters on a
Mountain Side Said to Be Giving Out
Vapors and Erupting Mud.
MINIATURE VOLCANOES
SEEN IN MENDOCINO
STANFORD ALUMNI CHOOSES
NEW EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
»
Gives Continued Ill-Health as tli-3
Only Reason for His Retirement,
but Other Causes Are
Hinted At.
PARIS. May 2C.-General the Marquis
de Gallifet. Minister of War, has resigned.
It is officially announced that his succes
sor is General Andre.
In his letter to M. Valdeck-Rousseau,
tthe Premier, asking him to place the res
ignation in the hands of the President of
the republic General de Gallifet pleads 111
health as a reason for his decision. His
exact words are:
"I am very unwell, and my health pre
vents me resisting all emotions of the
moment."
The official journal this morning there
fore contains the acceptance of the resig
nation embodied in a decree signed by M.
lxmbet which also appoints the new ilin-
Ister of War.
After deciding upon General Andre aa
the most suitable successor, the Premier
telegraphed to him at Nemours, where he
was taning part in the maneuvers. Gen
eral Andre left immediately, arriving in
Paris about 11:15 o'clock last evening. The
Interview at the Ministry of the Interior
lasted about three-quarters of an hour.
An understanding was rapidly reached on
all points in the Ministerial programme,
; and at midnight the Premier was able to
send the decree to the official journal.
In spite of his plea of ill health, this 13
not generally considered the sole reason
for the resignation of General de Gallifet.
¦ Having in view the apologetic statement
made by M. - Waldecl£-Rousseau In the
Chamber of Deputies, there seems little
doubt that he was annoyed by the word
"felony" applied to an officer of the
French army, although there is little dif
ference between this language of the Pre
mier and that which General de Gallifet
had himself used at a previous sitting.
The Ministerial organs continue to give
ill health as the sole reason, the Figaro
pointing out that, strictry speaking. Gen
eral de Gallifefs word "crime" is much
harsher than "felony," which "exactly
describes* Captain Fritsch's attitude of re
volt toward his superior."
Whatever the true explanation, there
can be no doubt on one point. General de
Galllfet's retirement is regarded with con
siderable regret. His straightforward con
duct and his vigorous manner of dealing
with opponents were the delight of his
friends, and his rugged eloquence at tlmea
compelled the admiration of even his ene
mies. Under his direction the army has
benefited by quite a number of reforms,
the most recent of which was his pro
hibition of the sale of harmful intoxicants.
He also forbade that certain newspapers
noted for their attacks upon the army be
placed at the military clubs.
It Is difficult to say what the effect will
be upon the Cabinet. General Andre was
appointed a general of division a year ago.
He is an.ofiicer of the Legion of Honor.
Marquis de G-allifet Suc
ceeded by General
Andre.
RESIGNATION
OF THE FRENCH
MINISTER
THE SA1ST FEANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
5
1A/. T. HESS.
KCTASY PCJ^.13 AN3 AT70353Y-AT-L1V.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SprecUe!3 Bldg.
Telephony Brown iSl.
Residence. S21 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
ftlPJ" nnifSI C° r aer Fourth and
UHI L nil I HL ws^ssirsa
Va!lsescheclc»4 free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1AXA BITTErtS. THE
Cleat Mexican remedy; gives health »r. j
rtiensth to texual orgazu. D«cot. ZZi iitrkc;.
|bJ^ favorbte
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies for Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
The r.r.tior.al disease of Americans Is in-
digestion, or In Its chronic fornr. dyspep-
lin, ar:d for the very reason that'll Is so
common many people neglect 'taking
proper treatment for whet they consider
irl'.'.ir.u ptomach trouble, when as a mat-
ter o" inci i.TJipostlon Tays.the foundation
for many Incurable diseases.- No person
v.ith a vigorous, healthy stomach wlll'fall
a victim to consumijticn. Many kidney
diseases and heart troubles date their be-
ginning from poor digestion; thin, nervous
people are really so because their etom-
aclis arc out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out v.-omc-n o-,ve their condition to
imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you rne-n J-j
aSSJctcl with weak digestion it Is not sur-
prising that nearly every secret patent
rr-c-c5cine on the market claims to be a
cure for OytpepsS&l as well as a score of
other trouble*, v.hen. In fact, as Dr.
Werthkr says, there is but one genuine
cyspepsia euro which Is perfectly safe and
reliable, and, moreover, this remedy is not
a pattnt medicine, but It Is a scientific
combination of pure prpsln (free from ani-
mal matter), vegetable essences, fruit
Milts and bismuth. It is sold by drug-glsis
under tJie name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. No extravagant claims are made
for them, but for Indigestion or any stom-
ach trouble Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
jire far ahead of any r<*meGy yet discov-
ered. They act on the food eaten; no
dieting is niccessary; simply eat all the
•wholesome food you want, and .hese tab
l«-ts will digest It. A cur* results, because
aM the stomach needs is a rest, vhich
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give by doing
Uie work of digestion.
f|?i!>Jli? INJECTION. I
I A PERMANENT CURE J
p of the mo*t obstinate cases of Gonorrhea ?
5 and Gleet, caarantee<l In from 3 to 6 C
C days ; nc other treatment reqnirc^L 5
5 Sold by all drnc^ista. 5
VwVVVVVV\Aft.VVWVVVAWVVVVVW'«
HEART DISEASE
is often said to exist when
symptoms really point to other
derangements. The heart is
seldom diseased, and when it
is no medicine can cure it.
The remedies given are usu-
ally .'.vrong, for the trouble
may not be in the heart but
the nerves of th.u organ. Ir-
regu'ar beating and a sense of
fullness may result from stom-
ach trouble, heavy diet, sud-
den exercises or violent emo-
tion. Electricity is the best
remedy, and my
Dr. McLaughMn's Beit
- v-^>. - x yr IV |! Has proved to be the safest and
I //^>y surest form or applying it. By
I /¦/ /y this 1 steadily strengthen the
Brain, the Stomach, the Heart. Each of these is -a battery
itself, and when their vitality is lowered the current from my
Belt transfuses them thoroughly and restores their action.
C\ll and test my Belt or send for my boo'rf explaining my
treatment, free.
/ • HE VA/RITES ClL-^lDLV-
KITtKLAND. Arizona. May 6. 1900.
I suffered seriously from lrreirular action of the heart and poor circulation. These
caused pains In the head and ihpeks o,n the brain and* sleeplessnsss. Three experi-
enced physicians could not cure me. Your Belt treatment has restored tn* to health
and strength. \ My pains are gone. I sleep well and have an appetite like a buzz
saw. ¦'. .-i ..,- --;^- :¦:' ¦:.,¦ . . NOBLE CONGER.
TID MA MnT ATT PUT TIT 702 MarRet Street. Corner Kearny, San
H If A M (! iAIIItiIIi N Francisco, and Corner Sprlog and
ULl. 111. II. UlUUnUUllUxIl, -econd Streets. Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£visit CO- JORDAN'S great i
Ihuseum gf mMin
\ \&^ The Largest Anatomical Muteum in the \
jo *£ i rf fc World. \v«snr"e-i cr a:-.v contracted M
'? ?K?iS5 <*' 5e3 * e pr»»«««rljre«»r»«lhy the oldest Y
© #&Jj |g a & ? ecilJiit ** tiiL Ccau. Est »4 vea« %
£ fl^gPll Q2. fc '030Ai3--?3!1fA?SSt!SE*SES$
\ W S^T^H . Cerwiiltstion Jren and strf-fly priva:t \
\R U H iv^tiio Cora sn c-»cry case undertaken. * T
*" ' 3 3IAM2«SAUi:, ma:l:o rRCB. i.lf
X A Ji valuable boo!; (cr r..rn; a
7 O3. 3OBS3AI3 A CO.. 105! MarfeetSt.a F. 9
Littia-ai-the-Tima Payments.
A EtHch In Time Savea Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect our
terms arni crlces before purchasing else-
where.
Every Ftep a money saver.
Call ar.'l examine our larso and ele-
Cant stock.
Estimate* on cr,mp!ete house furnisti-
• ing cheerfully siven.
Free Delivery With!n ICO 3U!es.
BRILLIANT'^,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Evening?. Near Powell.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair,
TEETH EXTKACTEP AND FILLED AR-
SOLUTF.LY WITHOUT PAIN, by our l*t*
•ct^rtmc ir.etliod applied to \ii<* sum >o
Bl'ep-prcdrcinK agents or coca!:;?.
Th*«e are th« only (lent.il parlor* :n San
Francisco havlns PATENTED ArPI.lAXCEtt
and lmtredirnt.s to »strart. fill and .-»; '.-\y COM
crowns »nd porcelata crown* un«l»t«-ct.-»ble from
WITHOUT TKK LEAST* i'AIN. n f^|| nfrt
teeth $J. a perfect fit Ruarante-d, cr no pay.
OoM rrowni". S3. GoM rilln**. Jl. Silver fill-
in**. Me. All work don» by ORADL'ATE JDEM-
T1STS ot from II to JO years" ex 5 ert«nce. aritj
each department In charge cf a special.'st. Civ*
uft a caM. hi>J yea will f!n<1 us to d> exactTr
•• w« a<1vfrtw*. W# w'll tell you tn aJvane*
•xactlv what vnur wcrlc will cost by a FUE3
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOCUS. S to S; SUNDAYS. 10 to «.
PrtAIN OFFICE. ...I PORTLAND
Contagion. Prevalent — Disinfect Free-
ly With Platt's Chlorid's.
Every householder is* hereby urged to
use disinfectants "daily, thus warding off
the prevailing disease and preventing
future sickness. For purifying the waste
pipes, clcsets. sinks and all waste-carry-
ing arrangements; for sprinkling about
the cellars, storeroom?, etc., Platt's
Chlorides has proven a most reliable
and economical disinfectant. It is a
colorle;? liquid and when diluted and
sprinkled ioOXlt leaves no ?tain or smeli.
while it instantly removes any foul odors
and destroys <hscaso-ljreeding matter.
A quart bottle will last cm average fam-
ily a month and it can be obtained at all
druggist:;.
ADVEHTISE3IE2TTS.
HOUSEHOLDERS CAUTIONED.
/£&.<? 'a 1 tc&daT*. V4 Whites, anaatara! dl»
Bfxcy QzzmntceJi jjj ofcarjjM. or any ia2~ — 3^
g«fe» not to itrktaro. ticn,, irritation or u»;erv
H^Mi?i«7enti eaatttloa. tioo of sa occur. mc»
¥o»'ftrHEEvAS3 Chexicu Oo. branes. Noa-astrlssens.
p. -. \ y^J or SPnt '^ Dlain
' W^iKti£j5»L_ b * express, prepaid, ic4
I Specialists— Established 1881. II
Our Institution la tfce largest. '
our practice the most extensive, j
our rhysicians the most experl-
I enced. our methods the most 3UC- j
i j cessfnl. Consultation free. '
,ij 731 Marke: St., S. F.
I ELEVATOR EXTRAN'CE. *Illinois desires ex-Governor Fifer^ nominated for
Vice President on the McKinley ticket, and inasmuch
as the advance agent of prosperity is something of a
drummer for good times a Fifer would not be a bad
running mate for him. .
One at least of the many noblemen nvho have re
cently come among as will not leave us for some time.
He is that young, aristocratic Austrian who turned
footpad and was sentenced the other day to reflect for
eight years in San Quentin prison.
An Oakland youth, accused of; burglary, has pre
sented a plea which certainly ought to interest those
who are engaged in the study of the incorrigibles. He
says he is innocent, but wants to be sent to a reform
school. . :
/ An intimation, more or less official, has been made
that street lights will be put out every night for the
entire nipht as a measure of economy. Mayor Phe
lan must have reached the conclusion that all decent
citizens should be home before dark.
The expected has happened and the local Super
visors, chasing, the municipal dollar, are threatening
to put a tax on the atmosphere. The License ! Com
mitee has favorably reported upon a scheme to tax
light and air wells.
, SAN JOSE RAILROAD-J. M. R.. City.
The San Jose Railroad ran/from that city
to the Sjan Francisco depot ' on Brannart
street between Third and Fourth for the
first time on January 16, 1864. From Oc
tober preceding it was running between
that' depot and San Francif,iuita Creek
near San Jose. The depot named.was dis
continued August 23, 1866/ and on the fol
lowing day the trains left this city from
the depot at Market and Valencia streets.
THE HOSPITAL AT SIBONEY— M. O.
V.. City. The United States soldiers who
died of yellow fever at Siboney were bu
ried there. .The physician who was in
charge of the hospital. at Siboney at the
time the fever raged there and also during
the first months of the war was Major L.
A. Lagarde, now at the Soldiers' Home,
Washington, D. C. -
LAND IX MEXICO— F. T.. Stuart. Cal.
For information- relative to the purchase
or leasing of land in .Mexico address a
communication to the "United States
Consul. City of Mexico, Mex.." telling
him in. what part- of the republic you de
sire to locate, and he will advise you as
to the proper parties, you should address.
: THE FOUR— A.. Antelope. Cal. The
picture of the four In Paris who were
recently commissioned officers of the Na
tional Guard which appeared In The Call
May 10, 1900. arc evidently what the pic
ture represents, "the whole show "
NEED NOT BE A CITIZEN'S SON-C.
R., City. A boy who desires to enter the
United^ States Navy as an apprentice. If
eligible as to age and physique, will be re
ceived whether or not he be the son of a
citizen of the United States.
A SIMPLE MATTER— Young Subscrib
er, City. The question. asked is one of
simple arithmetic, one of the class that
this department has many times an
nounced it does not answer.
MARY ANDERSON'S NATIVITY— P.
C. O. Mary Navarro. nee Anderson, the
actress, was born in Sacramento City.
July 28, 1839. ;*>•-,;.
A BACK DATE— B. L. R., City. The
22d of August, 18S5," fell on Saturday. .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Total expenditures....... $709,397 67
Total . revenue'-. .t. ...S721.691 47
Total estimated expenses ......'..$709,397 67
Surplus If St. Mary's Park fund Is
used for other purposes t $12,293 80
Auditor's estimate of receipts from
other Bourcen than taxation for two ¦ - : .r ;
months to June 30; 1900 133,000 00
Total ..I .' '¦ .'. $659,991 47
Collections on delinquent tax list, -
which should be made before July
1, 1000...^..: 61.70000
Total amount of revenue....' $721.63147
EXPENDITURES.
Bernal Park ...'.... $5,000 00
Bosworth tunnel ;... 4.40O 00
Seventeenth-street Police Station...... J 2,000 00
Furnlshlne Hall of Justice.... 33,000 00
April bills audited but* unpaid DO, 000 00
Conservative estimate of, expenditures
for May and June.... 564.997 67
terday In which he figures out that there
will be a surplus of $12,293 80 in the muni
cipal funds at the end of tlWflscal year.
Williams claims that receipts from cer
tain sources make this possible, but that
there wlll.be a surplus only if the St.
Mary's Park fund is devoted to the pay
ment of other claims. Auditor Wells has
estimated that there will he a deficit of
about SfiO.OOO If the park funds are utilized,
so "Williams' report is interesting on that
account. The report follows:
Cash on hand.. $326,991 47
Expert Williams Presents Report to
Supervisors That Really Shows
Big Deficit. \
Expert Williams submitted a report to
the Supervisors' Finance Committee yes-
FIGURES OUT SURPLUS
BY USING PARK FUND
That is the sort of thing which is called "quaran
tining against the bubonic plague." The farce of it
is." nearly as great as the fraud, but the thing is no
matter for laughter. A fearful wrong is being per
petrated for the sake of making politics for Phelan
nnd his bubonic Board of Health, and even the silli
re?s of the quarantine established will not lighten the
"*i:se of public indignation against the fraud. .
Business dealings between those within and 4ho;e
without is easy. A man on the outside, whether
white man or Chinaman, who wifh.es anything in
Chinatown calls by telephone some one within the
quarantined district to the barrier, and there they
converse or pass packages to and fro a« they please.
\\ that a quarantine? ' .
The 5treet cars continue to pas<* up and down
through the quarantined section. A white man by
setting on a car can enter the district, get off.
transact business with Chinese, and then come out
when' he pleases. Why is that permitted?
Around Chinatown there has been stretched a
trccha partly of rope nnd partly of wire. The rules
ere that no white man can enter, but any white man
can come out; no Chinaman can come out. but any
Chinaman can enter. If there be plague in China
town why gre white men who have been in contact
with it permitted to come out and go where they
choose? Why are Chinamen who have not been in
contact with it permitted to go in and catch it?
SHOULD any one desire further proof than ap
. pears on the face, that the scare arranged by
the bubonic Beard of Health is a fake and a
fraud, the proof can be found in the manner in which
ihe Chinatown quarantine has been established and
is being carried out. When it is remembered that the
bubonic plague' is one of the most awful scourges that
afflict humanity, it will be admitted that if the bu
bonic doctors really believe the plague to be in the
city they would undertake its eradication with some
thing more than "a vain pretense and empty show
01 vigor. When, therefore, it is seen that the so
called- quarantine set rp by the board is a silly farce,
the intelligent observer will at once conclude that the
bubonic ' board ddes not believe its own assertions
and is making a scare solely for purposes which its
members -re too cunning to avow.
THE FARCICAL SIDE OF IT.
It is due to this ignorance on the part of officials
at Washington that so much difficulty is experienced
in every effort made to obtain reasonable appro
priations for Pacific Coast improvements.. To tha
same fact is due the lack of a larger immigration of
home-seekers to this coast. Washington and Oregon
are supposed to be as bleak and inhospitable as Maine
or New Hampshire, and California is believed to be
as hot and unhealthy as Florida or Mexico. Mr.
Jones Was quite right in furnishing Congress with a
geographical, industrial and commercial description
of Washington, and his only. /error lay in the neglect
to include the whole Pacific Coast in the 'scope of
his lesson.
Such statements sound like satire, and yet they are
but a plain story of the ignorance of Western con
ditions w r hich prevails in the East even among men
who are sufficiently intelligent to be elected to Con
gress or to be appointed to governmental positions.
¦Mr. Jones confined his citations to examples of ig
norance displayed concerning his own State, but had
he chosen he could have furnished just as many of an
equal lack of . information concerning > Oregon or
California.
"While we have a climate milder in winter and
cooler in summer than Washington City," he said,
"men have asked me if it is possible to enjoy one
self in such a high latitude. While we produce all
sorts of agricultural products, men have wondered
how we can afford to live there and buy things from
the East. While we have on Puget Sound the best
and largest Government dock on the Pacific, high
officials of the Government have refused to allow
transports to come to Puget Sound because they
could not be docked. 'While Puget Sound is con
nected with the Pacific Ocean by a channel from
three to twelve miles, wide, and from 300 to 600 feet
deep, a great statesman of our country asked if there
were any channel by which large vessels could reach
the sea.' f
/"-» CONGRESSMAN JONES of Washington re
( cently took occasion to deliver in the House
of Representatives a speech containing an
elaborate description of Washington, with a state
ment of its resources and its prospects. B} way of
explaining why he made a speech on such a subject
Mr. Jones gave some illustrations of the ignorance of
Eastern Congressmen concerning this section of the
United States, and in doing so amply justified him
self'in taking up the lime of the House and the pages
of the Congressional Record in giving information
concerning his State.
EASTERN IGNORANCE OF THE WEST.
"Here," he said, "are my initials and
those of the girl I married cut in the bark
of this old beech tree, and still plain to
be seen, after all these years. How little
did I think," he sighed, "the last time I
saw those letters, that I would be married
four times before seeing them again!" —
Chicago Tribune.
Pathetic Beminder at the Old Home.
It was his first visit to his old home
after an absence of twenty years.
"Oh, yes, indeed." answered the young
man. enthusiastically. "Why, I've seen
her in the KJlroom and on the bathing
beach."— Chicago. Post.
"I trust William," said the old gentle
man in a kindly tone, "that you have not
entered into this engagement hastily. I
have only met the young lady casually,
but I hope you have seen a good deal of
her." ; .."
William Had Seen Her.
Poor Harry at the Altar.
The Bridesmaid (after the ceremony)—
Weren't you frightened nearly to death?
The Bride— Frightened? -Why, I could
hardly keep from laughing: . right out, to
see how ridiculous poor Harry looked—
Chicago Tribune. -, ¦ • " -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
City Acquaintance— I suppose you never
have any labor troubles in your communi
ty, do you?
Uncle Jerry Peebles (of Skedunk)—La
bor troubles? We have 'em reg'le.r every
sprlng. It's about all we can do, let me
tell you, to get people to work out their
road taxi— Chicago Tribune
Rural Districts Have Their Share.
"How did that happen?"
"Oh, everybody forgot to get any: and
then we all got them at once."—Indian
apolis Journal.
Usual Family Methods.
"We've got five pound3 of moth balls in
the house."
The Very Best.
Customer — I've got money to burn and
I want the best wheel you have.
Dealer— That's all right. We have bi
cycles to scorch.— Detroit Free Press.
Accepted Unconditionally
He— I want you to take me seriously.
She— I'll take you any way you like.—
Chicago Record.
A CHANCE
TO SMILE
Mrs. Mary Willis and Four Men Ap
pointed Clerks From Civil
Service List.
County Clerk Deane made a requisition
yesterday on the Civil Service Commis
sion for five copyists, and Jie appointed
from the eligible list Frank Crowe. Guy
W. Hassler. C. H. Northrop, Isador Erb
and Mrs. Mary Willis. Mrs. Willis, who
has the- honor of being the first woman
appointed In tho classified civil service of
this city, attained a percentage of 98.S5 ia
the examination for copyists.
The commission will hold an examina
tion for ordinary clerks on June 15 at the
Girls' High School. Six hundred appli
cants will take the examination, and to ac
commodate them several class rooms will
be used, besides the auditorium, jsotlcea
inviting the school-teachers to assist la
the examination will be sent out to-day.
COUNTY CLERK SELECTS
A WOMAN FOR COPYIST
ONE of the severest arraignments of oiir con
sular service which has been recently pub
lished appears in the Rio News of Rio de
Janeiro of April 17. It describes the average
United States Consul in South America as a man not
only untrained for foreign service, but having no
business experience or ability, skilled only in ward
politics, and offensive to both the people of .the
country to which he is accredited and to Americans
doing business there.
After the unflattering picture of the Consul him
self, the writer (Frederick Leslie Rockwood) goes on
to declare that the methods of transacting cpnsular
affairs are as bad as the characters of the men who
administer them, and says: "If the people of the
United States think that Uncle Sam's commercial
bureaus in these countries are run in the interests of
commerce and trade, if they think that the American
coat-of-arms and the American flag protects them
commercially, they were never more mistaken in
their lives, for the inside working is a hindrance and
backset to our foreign trade, to our commerce, to
our good relations, to our self-respect, to our pio
neers of trade and development."'
As the author of the criticism is not widely known
his statements would hardly deserve notice were it
not that they are indorsed by the News itself. Com
menting upon them the paper says editorially: "The
writer is a keen business men, who has visited every
country in South America in the interests of one of
the largest manufacturing establishments in the
United States, and it must be admitted that he knows
exactly what he is talking about. He has come in
contact with American consular officials 'in every
port visited, and when he complains of their character
and methods he speaks with unquestioned authority."
With that indorsement given by a paper published
I in the English language and devoted to the commer
| cial interests of the United States, the report of the
writer becomes a 'matter deserving of serious con
sideration. It must not be supposed that the com
plaints are made against all Consuls. It is conceded
that many of them in South America as well as else
where are men of -.vorth who render good service,
but the News says that even in the case of able Con
suls there is a just cause of complaint, inasmuch as
they are not retained in office.
It thus appears from the testimony of Americans
on the spot that among the reasons why we do not
obtain a fair share of the trade of South American
countries is because our Government appoints men to
consular positions less for fitness than for their po
litical influence. We have therefore ourselves to
blame for a lack of South American markets for our
goods. Such testimony ought to have weight with
Congress when the time comes to deal with reform
iii the consular service. As the News says: "The
power and influence of the United States rest upon
its educated classes, its industrial energy, its commer
cial acutcness, its moral strength, and these are the
qualities of character which should be found in every
J representative abroad."
If* „
OUR CONSULS IN SOUTH AMERICA.
tH|ROM her place as the western gateway of the
republic. San Francisco has had the honor of
..welcoming home the men who in the wars in the
Philippines have attested once more to the world the
valor of American armies and the loyalty of Ameri
csn patriotism. To the men of each returning regi
ment that welcome has been given, cordial, warm and
spontaneous. Nov.- comes to us after his long service
the general under whose command our military suc
cesses in the Philippines have been attained. To him,
therefore, our welcome will be as earnest as that ac
corded to our own volunteers and should be marked
by every observance of military and civic distinction.
.Ger.eral Otis has not escaped the criticisms of those
?;hb' out of their ignorar.ee of war condemn every
thing.they do not understand, nor the abuse of those
whose easy-flowing slander delights in a shining
inark.; The conditions of the strife in the Philippines
against an evasive and cunning foe have given no
opportunity for the American army to strike one of
those crushing blows which achieve brilliant victories
and constitute the glory of war. There was but little
in the way of a triumph which would attract the pub
lic mind .and win popular applause to be done in the
.Philippines after Admiral Dewcy destroyed the Span
ish fleet. The work which has been done since th.it
time has required patience, labor, tact and skill, but
"jt has yielded nothing that excites public imagination
and arouses • enthusiasm. Nevertheless it is a work
.vrhich patriotism has had to perform and which Gen
eral Otis has done with honor to himself and to his
flag. Let his reception then be worthy of his service
to the republic and of the city that has the honor to
.uckomc him. Let it be made clear to him that the
people of San Francisco have not given heed to the
.babblers :vho have found fault with everything, but
have noted his service under trying circumstances and
honor him for the office he holds, the work he has
done and the cause he represents.
A WELCOME FOR OTIS
CAPTAIN ALBERT SCOTT, Eigh
teenth Infantry, has been trans
ferred from Company A to Com
pany-F, taking. the place of Captain
Henry T. Ferguson, who has been trans
ferred from F to' -A.
First Lieutenant Harry A. Eaton,
Eighth Infantry, has been transferred
from Company G to Company D, taking
the place of First Lieutenant Van Leer
Wills, who has been transferred from
D to G.
Major William A. Glassford, United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, has been
ordered to proceed from New York to
Washington. to confer with the chief sig
nal officer.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Fred S. Macy
of Somerville, Mass., and Francis J. Pur
sell of Utica, N. Y., have been ordered
to proceed to San Francisco for assign
ment to duty by the commanding general
of the Department of California.
Major John T. French, quartermaster,
has" been ordered to proceed from his sta
tion at New York to Washington for in
structions from the quartermaster gen
eral. He will then proceed to Portland,
Me., where he will superintend the con
struction of certain public buildings in
the posts at Portland Harbor.
The leave of absence granted Major
Charles E. Cabell. Thirty-second Infan
try, has been extended to include July 15.
Lieutenant-Colonel George B. Kodney,
Fourth Artillery, and Acting Assistant
Surgeon Eduardo C. Poey, have been
placed on the examining board to meet
at Fort Riley, Kan., vice Major Henry P.
Kingsbury, Third Cavalry, and Acting As
sistant Surgeon W. R. Van Tuyl. Major
Forrest H. Hathaway, quartermaster,
who was on the board for the examina
tion of captains only, has been relieved.
Captain' Hamsay D. Potts, Third Artil
lery, and Second Lieutenant Henry W.
Butner, Third Artillery, have been or
dered to report to lieutenant-Colonel
Rodney, for examination ior promotion by
this board.
Major William P.-Vose, Sixth Artillery,
has been relieved from duty as a. member
of the retiring board to meet at Manila..
Acting Assistant Surgeon James H. Hol
loway has» been relieved from further duty
on the transport Sherman, and he has
been ordered to proceed to Seattle, where
he wuT>he placed on duty on the transport
Rosecrans, which will be the Alaskan
transport. He will relieve Acting As-
Fistant Surgeon Robert E. Caldwell, who
will then proceed to San Francisco for
assignment to duty.
The leave of absence granted Acting
Assistant Surgeon Maxwell S. Simpson
has been extended flfteeen days.
Captain Erasmus M. Weaver, First Ar
tillery, has been ordered to proceed from
his station to AVillets Point, N. Y., where
he will examine the submarine mine plant
and materials at that post and spend
some time in the preliminary study of the
subject of submarine mines.
Captain George O. Squier, United States
Volunteer Signal Corps, has been ordered
relieved from duty In the office of ihe
chief signal officer as soon as he can be
spared, and he will then proceed to Gov
ernors Island, New York, where he will
be assigned to duty in the Department of
the East.
First Lieutenant Clarence C. Williams,
ordnance department, inspector of powder
at the works of <E. I. Dupont & Co.,
Wilmington. Del., has been ordered to
proceed to New York City, where he will
take temporary station and assume the
duties of Captain Orin B. Mitcham, ord
nance department, pertaining to the man
ufacture and inspection of powder during
Captain Mitcham's absence. Lieutenant
Williams will also temporarily relieve
Captain Mitcham as a member of the
board appointed to conduct experiments
with smallarms and smallarm ammuni
tion.
First Lieutenant William J. Barden,
engineer officer of the Department of
Matanzas and Santa Clara, has been or
dered to proceed to Havana for consulta
tion with th© chief engineer of the di
vision. He will return to Matanzas when
his duty has been completed.
Major Frank J. Ives. chief surgeon of
the Department of Matanzas and Santa
Clara, has been ordered to mikn an In
spection of Rowell Barracks, Pasa Cabal
los, Cuba.
At " his ¦ own request Brigadier General
Adna R. Chaffee has been relieved from
duty as chief of staff to Major General
Wood, and has also been relieved from
all duty in the division of Cuba. He and
his aid-de-camp will proceed at once to
New York. In the order announcing Gen
eral Chaff ee's relief Major General Wood
pays him this compliment: .
In complying: with this request the division
commander desires to make known- bis hish
appreciation of the able manher In which the
duties of chief of staff, have been performed
by General Chaffee, the . constant,' unremitting
labor given to the responsible bureaus com
mitted to his charce since the military occu
pation of the Islam! of Cuba in January, 1S93,
and the satisfactory results of that labor as
(shown by • the records at these headquarters.
General Chaffee bears with htm the hisrh es
teem and best wishes of the major eeneral
commanding in this separation of their official
connection and the hope that in his future field
of action he may be assigned ! duties com
mensurate with his distinguished professional
ability.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Henry E. Huntington, Julius Kruttsch
nitt and Engineer Hood of the Southern
Pacific returned yesterday morning from
an inspection tour over the Carson and
Colorado Railroad. They pronounce the
road in good condition. In the near fu
ture a broad-gauge track will be laid over
this right of way connecting Los Angeles
with Reno, and thus affording another
line overland for the Southern Pacific
Company.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Wright of Chi
cago are stopping at the Grand Hotel for
a few days. Mr. Wright is the founder of
the Chicago Stock Exchange and a prom
inent member of the Guardian Meat Com
pany, an international financial organiza
tion now being formed in Chicago.
The Lick House was the Mecca yester
day for a number of mining men. On the
register are the names of E. F. Harris.
C. M. Wetherby and Gustave Pedwarz of
Triunfo. Mexico; J. T. Cameron of Xew
man, W. F. Detert of Jackson and H. L.
Shannon of Redding.
Dr. Fred S. Macy, U. S. A., arrived from
Boston yesterday and i3 registered at the
Occidental.
P. Scheld, th© Sacramento brewer, ac
companied by his wife. Is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. J. Goodwin Thompson and J. Has
lacher of Oakdale are stopping at tha
Palace.
Douglas S. Cone- of Bed Bluff Is at tha
Palace.
Dr. A. A. Eckardt of Themsen. Iowa, is
at the Palace.
Percy Davis, a merchant of Coultervllle,
is at the Grand.
J. F. Condon, a merchant of Verdi, JCev.,
Is at the Grand. ¦ ..*
George XV. Brown, an attorney of Jack
son, is at the Rus3.
A. Brown, a merchant of Mendoclno, Is
stopping: at the Russ.
Charles Morrill. a mining man of Red
ding", is at the Grand.
W. E. Curry, an lnsuranca man of Los
Angeles, is at the Russ.
W. "W. Elliott, agent of the Burlington
lines at Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
F. W. Hobron, a wealthy Hawaiian
planter, Is a guest at the Occidental.
_ DITOR TTIE CALL— Dear Sir: It is
P| due to President Wheeler and to
§_*_ President Jordan, as well as to the
*¦" subject itself, that I should restate in
¦writing over my; name the proposi
tions I formulated In my speech at
St. Mary's College commencement. With
all the good will in the world a reporter
who gives a condensed account of an ad
dress must be responsible for some inac
curacies. The question of education is so
important and the movements which I
have criticized are so dangerous that I
may be pardoned for wishing to set forth
my arguments at greater length and In
more .precise form. We are face to face
with a very peculiar condition of educa
tional affairs, and it behooves every citi
zen of every class and of every creed to
give that condition his best attention.
In speaking to the graduating class of
St. Mary's College I stated that there
was a deliberate attempt making to create
a monopoly of education, in this State.
The arguments I used were founded on
the discussions as to the value of the
so-called smaller college as distinguished
from the so-called universities; on the
attitude of the State institution at Berke
ley to Catholics and on certain proposals
emanating from those who have at pres
ent control of the schools in the city and
countv of San Francisco. President
Wheeier and President. Jordan are mis
taken when they suppose that I am at
tacking the public school system or that
I am upholding education given under re
ligious auspices as - against education
given under purely secular auspices. This
Is another question altogether.' I have
said nothing about it. T intend to say
nothing about It. I am criticizing not the
{So. 1. On the Smaller CoHejres, will be pub
lished in The Call to-morrow.]
I. On the smaller colleges.
II. On the attitude of the State
University toward Catholics.
... III. On the schemes of the San
Francisco School Board.
.PETER C. TORKE.
St. Peter's Church. San Francisco, May
23, 1900.
State svstem of education, but the admin
istration of that system. To make such
criticisms I have as much right as Presi
dent Wheeler, as President Jordan or as
any one else. _
As the subject is largo and complicated.
I will, with your permission, divide my
argument into three communications:
WEDNESDAY :......:>.... ".'..MAY 30, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add-ess A'.l Ccmmunica-ionsto W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PCBLICATION OFFICE it Market mid Third. S. K.
Telephone Wain iBtit*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS I.. .217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone .Main 1S74.
Delivered l»y Cnrrler*. 15 (>nt« Per AVeelc
Mds!p CopJei. 5 Onts.
Term* by Mall. Inclndlnjj ToMnsej
PAILT CALL, finciu«in~ BBB&ay). en- :.ea.r tt.00
DAILT CAUL <lne!u<*ins- Baodmr>. « months J-W
1>AILY CALL ¦¦nrlu&'.r.g Sunday). S month? 1-59
PAILY CALIy— I5y Stnfte Month 6 £:
BU3CDAT CALL One V>ar J-j*
WEEKLY CALL On* Y<-ar loy
All pofttmastera are «ntliorlred to receive
¦ nbxrriptlan*.
Eaair'.e ccples wll! be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1 US Broadway
- __— — — — — — ¦ •
C GEORGE KRO3NESS.
Manager Fcregn Advertising. M&rquette Building, Chicago.
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central 26a" )
XETW TORK OORKESPOXDEXT:
C C. CARLTON.. Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
£T£Pri£N B. SMITH v ....33 Tr.DU-.e Building
'¦: riUCAGO NITWS STANDS:
£!5e?i=%r. House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Freracrit Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
XET TORK NEWS STANDS:
TXa.lC.ort -Astoria Hotel; A. Brer.teno. Si. Union Square;
Murray H'.l! Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote
••; MORTON L. CRA.NE. Correspondent.
BHATCH OFFICER -S27 Mcntgomery. corner cf Clay, open
jjr.rll S:S0 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until S:JO o'clock. 633
, i£cAi::ster. open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkla. open until
¦•¦¦'- "'8:iQ o'clock.' iS-U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
r-cbrner Sixteenth, cpeii until S o'clock. 1CSS Valencia, cpea
. utsUi J o'clocV. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NV," cor-
Ber Twenty-s^ord cr,d Kentucky, cjx-n until 9 o'clock.
> Restatement of His Argument in His Address Before St. Mary's College Graduates, in Which
He Stated There "Was a Deliberate Attempt Making to Create a Monopoly
of Education in This State.
FATHER YORKE'S POSITION
ON THE EDUCATIONAL QUESTION
"My feeling is strong that we are in danger when
this present war has passed by of forgetting its anx
iety and the lessons which it has taught us. It is for
you to struggle against that tendency and to urge
upon all whom you know the necessity of placing
ourselves in the position of an armed nation, such a
nation, for instance, as the Swiss are, where the
strength of the country is sought not in the bril
liancy of negotiations, not in its military organization,
but in the spirit of and the prepaiation of those who
love their country and are prepared to die for it.'.'
The British have for so long a time deemed their
island safe from invasion, since the navy is the strong
'est in Europe, that the serious warning from the
Prime Minister of a possible invading army has nat
urally caused no little agitation. It appears there is
now menacing the country a danger so great that the
navy cannot be relied upon as a sure protection
against it. That means, of course, a powerful coali
tion, for no one continental power could overcome
the British fleets that guard the channel. From what
source the menace comes Salisbury gave no intima
tion, but it is evident he was not speaking idly, but
from a sincere conviction that the British must pre
pare for war at close quarters and be ready to fight
for their homes at their very doors.
t Whether rifle clubs will be sufficient to fit a popu
lation to defend itself against an invasion by_a trained
European army may well be questioned. Any sug
gestion of universal military service, however, would
be rejected at once by the people, and the plan of
arming proposed is perhaps the only one that would
be received with favor. Moreover, there is to be said
in its favor that it would certainly increase the fighting
power of the people, and to that extent render inva
sion more dangerous and therefore less likely to be
undertaken. Salisbury's concluding words on the
subject were: ,
"Is it riot possible for the members of the Primrose
League, each in his own district, to do what he can
to foster the creation of t rifle clubs? And by rifle
clubs what I mean is rot clubs where a man must go
once in two months to the country town to take part
in a competition — that will do very little for the de
fense of the country— but what I want is that, without
stirring from their homes, the people of this country
shall be able to practice rifle shooting, so that when
the danger comes this shall be a force which no eneniy
could despise."
Salisbury was not bold enough to propose conscrip
tion or a general drilling of the whole male popula
tion of Hie British islands, as is done among the na
tions of continental Europe. He contented himself
with urging the^formation of rifle clubs through
which all classes of the people would, be taught to use
arms in defense of. the country should need be. He
is quoted as saying:
OF Lord Salisbury's recent speech before 'the
Primrose League the part which attracted the
most attention in Great Britain and most
deeply impressed the people there was that in which
he spoke of dangers threatening not only the em
pire.but the British Isles themselves, and emphatically
declared that the people must be armed and prepared
to resist invasion. Of, the attack on Ireland, which
was the salient feature of the speech from our point
of view, comparatively little notice has been taken b£
the British press. A few words of condemnation of
the utterance, on the ground, of their injustice to Ire
land, were expressed on the day following the speech,
but' that portion of the address was then dismissed,
and ever since the discussion upon it has turned on
the warning of danger and the cry for -the arming of
the people.
TME ARMING OF GRE0T BRITAIN.
So far then as it is possible to keep the day sacred
to the memory of the heroic dead let it be done, and
let full honor be given also to the veterans who are
still among the living. This is the one day of the
year when the nation recalls their 'deeds and youth
13 impressed with the value of their service. It is a
day sacred to patriotism and to death, and the mean
ing and intent of it should not be lost to any loyal
heart. —
It is in some respects to be regretted that this
change should come over the minds of the people in
tTTeir attitude toward the observance of the day. An
occasion of solemn memories is one that it would
be well to cherish, and the heroic brave who fought
for their country merit such a national memorial as
long as the republic endures. In the very nature of
things, however, such a change is inevitable. Thanks
giving da}% designed as a religious festival, has al
most entirely lost thit significance to the greater part
of the people, but there is still a sufficient solemnity
in its celebration by the churches to keep its sig
nificance clear in the minds even of those who are
least heedful. So will it be with Memorial day.
There may be sports and games and a general re
joicing on this day, but evermore there will be
enough of dignity and patriotism in its chief obser
vances to remind the public of the object of its insti
tution and recall the memory of the Grand Army
and all that it did for the nation and for humanity.
When the day was first set apart for celebration it
was observed wholly as an occasion . for solemn
mourning and remembrance. At that time the mem
ory of the dead was to fresh in every household that
the sense of loss was greater than the sense 'of vic
tory- With the .years, however, there has come a
consciousness of the glory and the ¦ good resulting
fiom the triumph of the armies of the Union, and ac
cordingly the day is becoming more and more .1
festival for rejoicing. The members of the Grand
Army continue to mourn the loss and recall the
memories of their departed comrades, but by the peo
ple at larp;e the celebration of the day is beginning to
be regarded rather as an honor to patriotism dis
played in battle than an occasion for grieving over
the fallen, and accordingly to a considerable extent
the day will be observed as a holiday hardly more
solemn than any other which marks some notable
feature in the history of the republic. . •
A\EMORIAL D0Y.
WITH memories whose tenderness is undimin
ished by the passage of time, and with a grati
tude augmented by the increasing proofs of
the supreme value of their service to the republic, the
people of the United States will to-day do honor to
I the patriots who on land and sea upheld the flag and
| the cause of the nation in that long and hard fought
I war that freed the slave and kept the Union whole.
! Upon the graves of the dead fiowprs will be strewn,
j and yet it will not be to them alone tht hearts of the
j people will do reverence to-day, for the surviving
! veterans of the Grand Army, now so rapidly thinning
| in its ranks, will be hailed with loyalty, and to the
living and the dead alike the honors of a grateful
' people will be given in unstinted measure.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
Kaston & Eldridge held an auction of
real estate at 63S Market street yesterday.
The- following; salea were made: North
side of Clay street. No. 3340, 110 feet east
of Walnut. 27:6x127:8!^. with - twelve- room
residence, SC600, subject to approval : Bry
ant and" Twenty-sixth "streets, two- lots
23:4x100, $950 and $925; northwest side of
Welch street, 130 feet southwest of Fourth
25x75, with six flats, $2500; - west * side of
Baker street, 27 feet south of Pape. 22:Sx
100 feet, with nine-room house, 56700; west
side of Lyon street, 25 feet north of Geary
25x100, $675, subject to approval. ,'
Realty Auctioned.
A local lawyer offers a. suggestion that '¦. the Phelan
flag be exempt from taxation'. The attorney probably
believes that the flag :s not the only Phiclnn property
which escapes its municipal burden.
FASHION HINT- FROM PARIS.
PRINTED FOULARD DRESS.
The dress represented Is of lavender fou
lard, with small black patterns. The cor
sage Is trimmed with string colored lace
fixed by a buckle in the center, and the
skirt is trimmed wlttua lace flounce round
the bottom.
6
?oc. and tt.oo, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemist*. Hew York.
*
supplier the fat in a form
pleasant to take and easy
to digest. It strengthens the
nerves and muscles, invig-
orates mind and body, and
builds up the entire system.
the food supplies warmth
and strength ; without it the
digestion, the muscles, the
nerves and the brain are
weak, and general debility
follows. But fat is hard to di-
gest and is disliked by many.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Yays." the jrlrl replied, "ay like that all
right, but ven ay get nve dollar a veek ay
not living on vind. "—Chicago Inter Ocean.
"And why." said a Chicago lady to her
servant, "do you object to going 1 out ia
the suburbs with us when we move this
sprine? Think of the nice, pure air out
there."
Parker's Hair Balsam keeps the hair soft
and plentiful and restores th* color when gray.
Hindercorns, the best cure for corns. Ucta.
The California delegates to ,th» Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia havs an-
nounced as the official roots the Central Pa-
cific, Union Pacific and Chicago and Xorta-
wtstern railways, and will leave San Fran-
cisco June 12 at 10 a. m. on tho "Overland
Limited," the 63^4-hotir flyer to Chicago. " Th«
round-trip rats of tSS 50 is open to all. D. W.
Hitchcock, General Agent, Union Pacific, X
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Republican Delegates Choose Their
Route.
A crossing .sweeper wu trytns to ret a
gratuity from an excessively dandified In-
dividual, who. in resisting, urged that ha
had no change— nothing but a £5 note. "I
can get it changed fer yer," said the
youngster. On seeing the dandy hesitate,
as If from fear of trusting him with the
money, he put It. again: "It yer doubts
my honor, hold my broom."— Tit-Bits.
The Guarantee.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tfc*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), BIO Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glaca fruit EOc per n> atTownsencTs.*
A communication waa sent to the Board
of Education yesterday. by Health Officer
O'Brien suggesting that the Burnett Prim-
ary School be quarantined and thoroughly
fumigated. A report of Dr. Keenan, sani-
tary Inspector, accompanied the communi-
cation. It stated that scarlet fever Is
prevalent among the families who have
children attending the school.
Iff ay Quarantine Bun^ett School.
¦ Cc!'j;r?}ia— '"When TVe V/cre Twenty-one."
.' ¦ California— "A Bachelor's Romance."
- . Ttvo!!— "The Thrte Guardsmen."
' ' Grar.<l Oxxra-housp— '"!%'."."
; k\'6ttMX—"X Superfluous Hirsband."
¦:¦¦ '.. : Orrktiim — Vaudeville.
./ - Olyippta. corner Mason and E33V rtrects — Specialties.
.:'•¦ .Cbutes. 2oo and Theater — Vaudeville, every attemoon and
•evenifts.
•: •FKV'he.r's —^"Lueia" and "Huguer.ots."
-- ... Kapp Company Concert nail— Vaudeville.
¦. Recreation Park— Baseball.
¦';¦'. £utro Baths— Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.Held for Arson.
; Joseph Fitzgerald, bricklayer, was held
to answer -yesterday before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan on a charge of
arson in $1500 bonds. He is.accused of set
ting fire on May- 6 to the house at' 256A
O'Farrell: street,' occupied by August
Beach. ¦
"Were Tenants in Common. .
The expelled members of the Japanese
Cigarette-makers' Union, charged with
felony embezzlement for obtaining from
the treasurer $1500 and keeping- the money,
were discharged by Judgre Cabaniss yes
terday. The union was not incorporated,
and the Judge held that all the members
were tenants in common. ¦
The Buddhist Church of San Francisco
incorporated yesterday under the title of
"The Dharma Sangha of . Buddha." The
articles set forth that the object of the
corporation is to form a society, to main
tain churches and to "propagate the doc
trine of Gautama Siddartha. the Buddha
Sakyamuni. as set forth in the sacred
scriptures of the disciples, and to teach
the doctrines embraced in the generic
term Buddhism." The trustees are Rev.
Shuye Sonoda, Ph.D. : Professor J. R.
Guelph Norman. Kathleen Melvena Mc-
Intlre, Jenny Ward Hayes, Charles F.
Jones, Eliza R. H. Stoddard and Agnes
White.
Buddhist Church Incorporates.
The twenty-third annual picnic ot the
State of Maine Association will be held
next Saturday, June 2, at Shell Mound
Park. The comYnittee in charge has pre
pared an excellent programme. Introduc
ing Tiew features, such as gate prizes,
games and contests of various kinds, with
prizes. Baked beans, brown bread and
coffee will be furnished free.
f H. NASH, Secretary. •
STATE OF MAINE PICNIC.
PICKING TO PIECES
IVTGLADE'S WRITING
An Afternoon With Theodore Kytka
and His Plates, Prints and
' Blackboard.
The McGlade case has reached the ex
pert point, and Kytka, with his pothooks
and blackboards, his negatives and prints
and comparisons, is doing his turn before
the jury. An attenuated "B" and a mora
than usually rotund "c" were claiming
the attention of the jurors when court ad
journed. Kyika is showing where the
r'orged name of Melnnes on the D\jryer de
mand resembles specimens of McGlade's
writing.
. During the morning th»»r« w.era more
signatures of McGlade identified by M. M.
Regensberger and J. E. Bier. Ambrose
was called to see if he had remembered
anything more about his signature, but he
had not. He would not admit any signa
ture shovrn him to be his, and finally he
came down from the stand and wrote his
n?me five or six times. These signatures
were put In evidance and will be used by
the expert.
The case went over until to-morrow
morning. ¦ u ¦
Conference of Charities.
A general meeting of the Conference
of Charities will ; he held at 3:20
p. m., Thursday, "May 31, at Golden
Gate Hall. 623 Sutter street. At this
meeting the- executive committee will
report as to the condition of the
cooking class, which was Inaugurated
April 11 at the Irving Scott Grammar
School. The Conference will also be asked
to consider the question of starting a
similar class, perhaps at the RIncon
Grammar ' School. It Is expected that
Mrs North, Miss Musto and Dr. Dorothea
Moore ¦ will address the meeting. All
members, delegates and others interested
in this matter or in the general affairs of
the Conference are Invited to attend. The
number of pupils at the present school of
cooking Is from thirty to forty-five, from
each of whom a nomina* fee (five cents) is
collected for each lesson.
Suit for Boat Hire.
Emilde Ghetaldl of Sausallto brought
a libel yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court against the British ship Ken
sington to recover ! $405 for the hire of a
rowboat taken away by the ship and kept
for forty and a half months
Louis Di Eadgesky Must Show Cause
Why He Should Not Make
Accounting.
Judge Coffey has made an order ' sus
pending the powers of Louis D. Radgesky
as executor of the will of the late D V
B. lienarie. Radgesky was served some
time ago with a summons directing him
to appear and chow cause w^y he should
not be suspended nnd file an account of
all moneys, goodsand property In his pos
session belonging to the estate of the de
ceased. The- matter was taken up for
hearing yesterday, but as Radgesky • was
not ready to comply with the order of the
court his office was declared vacant. Rad
gesky will now file an account, and the
order to ehow # cause will then be heard.
EXECUTOR OF HENARIE
•M ESTATE IS SUSPENDED
t MTER LEWIS. ?
mi'ER LEVF1S, one of the directors
of the Bank of California and
well known In the commercial
circles of the city, died at the
residence of his brother, Sol Lewis, 1601
Post street, yesterday morning. Death
was due to a complication of diseases for
which an operation was performed about
a*week ago.
Mr. Lewis was born In Boston and came
to California in 1S50. He Immediately en
gaged in business and for some time was
a member of the cigar house of Lewis
Bros. He retired some years ago and
since has lived the life of a capitalist,
with an office at 320 Sansome street. He
had been a director of the Bank of Cali
fornia and owns a vast amount of prop
erty throughout the State and city.
I^ewis was a member of many charitable
organizations, and during his lifetime was
noted for his generosity. He leaves two
brothers— William Lewis and Sol Lewis—
and a sister, Mrs. Hirehbaum. in this city,
and two sisters in New York. He was 72
years of age and unmarried. »
The funeral will be held from the resi
dence of Sol Lewis next Thursday.
Piles Suit Against Striking Employes
Who He Says Threaten to
Injure Him.
Paul Reyflsoh. doing business under the
firm name of the G. M. Kutz Company,
has sued James Galway, Frances Cole'
John Schilling. Henry Spellman, George
Tuley, Jeremiah Lynch. John Robinson,
John Barry, John McHugo. Frank
Hughes. Ed Rosenberg. James Lynch.
John Lynch and Fred Masonhelder to re
strain them from executing their alleged
threats to boycott his establishment.
Plaintiff alleges that he was forced to dis
charge James Galway, and that Galway
succeeded in causing thirty-two fellow
workmen to walk out. Subsequently he
says, fourteen of the strikers returnci.
but the others are engaged in conspiring
together to boycott and ruin his busl
5*ss. Lpon the filing of the complaint
Judge Bahrs issued a temporary injunc
tion and made the same returnable be'oro
Judge Seawell on June S at 10 a. m.
REYFISCH SEEKS TO
PREVENT A BOYCOTT
traits that were to continue throughout
h!s work. The first was what we may
call his radicalism. In the preface to the
"Chimes" he declared it hi3 wish and
hope "to strike a blow for the poor. "
And this purpose runs through nearly all
his wcrk after "Pickwick." He is an ad
vocate pleading at the bar of the English
nation the cause of those who were suf
fering under the conditions of the time.
Dickens was by no neans a democrat.
He declared that '.e had infinitesimal
faith in the people governing and illimit
able fatth in the people governed. But
he was a. reformer of the old school,
practical, energetic, sympathizing deeply
with every form of social distress, hating
intensely every form of social oppression.
With Dickens the heart was always de
veloped at the expenss of the head, and
we rind in his work no underlying Ideas
of social reform. He attacked existing
abuses and demanded their lmmedlato
abolition, but he offered no substitute ex
cept such as might be found in the per
sonal activity of such men aa the
Cheeryble brothers or the reformed
Scrooge. In "Oliver Twist" Dickens de
nounced the whole English system of or
ganized charity, detestable to him for its
neglect of the human element and Its
exaggeration of method and machinery,
and in Bumble he has pilloried for all
time the representative of this system.
Naturally enough a note of exaggeration,
heard here for th#» first time, runs
through all this work of Dickens. A re
former is not apt to be distinguished for
his Impartiality. And" when a reformer 13
also a satirist, with a marked turn for
caricature, when his favorite method
of attack Is to make an abuse
so ridiculous that men will laugh it out
of existence, there can be no question of
photographic realism. There is a
sense, indeed. In which Dickens Is a re
alist, but his realism never stood in tha
way of his love for reform.
The second trait which appears in thl3
book is a distinct tendency toward the
theatrical, even the melodramatic. Dick
ens was from his youth a passionate lover
of the stage. While a lawyer's clerk he
spent evening after evening in the pit.
Later he actually proposed to go upon the
stage, and wa3 apparently prevented
from making the trial only by an acci
dent. In middle life he found his chief
delight In amateur theatricals, and of his
famous readings Carlyle said: "He is a
¦whole tragic, comic, heroic theater visi
ble." In the most effective of these read-
Ings. "The Death of Nancy." he rose to
the full height of tragic melodrama. In
evitably this tendency of his nature in
fluenced his work, and It cannot be said
to have Influenced it for good. It filled his
books with figures that belong upon the
boards rather than In real life or serious
art— the stage villain (Monks in "OUrer
Twist" Is the earliest and crudest speci
men of this type>. the distressed damsel,
the Injured heir and the long-lost child.
It led him at times to disregard consist
ency of character and probability of ac
tion. Oliver himself, for example. Is a
quite impossible character, and the coinci
dences of hfs career are simply Incredible.
It caused him to indulge in an even
handed distribution of reward and pun
ishment, such as Is seldom met with In
this poor world. And finally,, and wor3t
of all. It pushed his reaJ 9zns+~ot pathos
Into a sentimentality that sometimes bor
ders upon the maudlin. The death of lit
tle Nell reminds us too strongly of the
last gasps and subsequent apotheoses of
the hundreds of little Eva* who go barn
storming through the land.
"Oliver Twist" Is In a sense a criminal
romance; but it is elevated far above th«
common run of such stories by th9
writer's championship of virtue.
"1 had read of thieves by the score."
says Dickens in the preface to this novel,
"seductive fellows (amiable for the- most
parti •'•-• and fit companions ror tha
bravest. But I had never met (except In
Hogarth> with the miserable reality. It
appeared to m* that to draw a knot o!
such associates in crime as really do ex
ist, to paint .them In all thetr deformity,
in all their wretchedness, in all the squalid
poverty of their lives. • • • forever
skulking uneasily through the dirtiest
paths of life, with the great black, ghastly
gallows closing up their prospect: • • •
it appeared to me that to do this would be
• • • a service to society. And there
fore I did it as best I could."
These sound, of course, like the words
of an uncompromising realist, and Dickens
was never that. Even in his attempt to
show the revolting nature of crime by
painting !t in Its true colors he used tha
artist's privilege of selection and" sup
pression. The language, for example, of
his thieves and vagabond Is purely fic
titious, and the thoroughgoing optimism
of his nature led him to dwell with delight
upon the soul of goodness In things evil
and to set the truth and pity of the
wretched Nancy shining like a star
against th«» gloomy background of a Fa
gfn and a Sykes.
Note— This study wiU be concluded to
morrow.
All this was excellent training, but now
his ren 1 work was to begin. His first
story, "Mr. Minns and His Cousin." sub
mitted with fear and trembling and Joy
fully wept over when it appeared in all
the trlorv of print, came out In the old
Monthlv"Magazine In 1S3I. It was followed
by a number of tales and sketches in this
periodical and in the Evening Chronicle.
These are the now famous "Sketches by
Boz '" They brought him at first little
money and a very slight Increase of rep
utation, but as we look back we see In
them the whole of Dickens lying unde
veloped as the oak within the acorn. Here
is his wonderful • microscopic ' observation
of life, hla rollicking flow of animal spir
it^ his hatred of social sham, and official
formalism, his sympathy with the poor
and afflicted, his sentiment, his pathos
and his humor. One thing alone was
lacking-his power of characterization.
Xo personage of these sketches had vital
ity enough to win a place among the lm
•mortal characters of fiction. But thi3 Is
due to the limitations of space: breathing
room is needed for the development of a
Sam "Weller. a Pecksniff or a Micawber.
In his next work Dickens securpd the
necessary space. The "Pickwick Papers."
as all the world knows, were originally
designed as the letterpress for a series of
pictures ridiculing the cockney sportsmen.
But the genius of Dickens asserted itself,
and even before the artist's death the
pictures had* sunk to the second place. On
the other hand, the characters which
His Tirst Publications.
The early life and associations of
Charles Dickens were well litted to bring
him into touch with the realities of ex
istence and to cpen his eyes to the lights
and shadows ot the great actual world
that lay waiting to be revealed In art.
He was the second child of a poor gen
tleman in the Navy Pay Office, the proto
type of Micawber, always in financial dis
tress, alwavs hopeful that something
would turn up. His mother, apparently a'
faded beauty of the Mrs. NIckleby type,
struggled in vain against the accumulat
ing troubles of the family. The crash
came at la.«»t and the whole household
with the exception of the two elder child
ren, who were otherwise provided for,
sought shelter from the duns behind the
waits of the Marshal3ea.
In the few happy years of h!s
earlier childhood DicKens had been. In his
own words, a very queer small boy, quick,
eager, delicate, and soon hurt physically
or mentally. He took no part in the
sports of his boy friends, but read for
hours, filling his head with the novels of
the last century. "Roderick Random" and
'•Tom Jones" and '"Robinson Crusoe" and
the "Vicar of Wakefleld." But with his
father's imprisonment the little man of
12 years was launched upon the world of
London. A place in a cousin's blacking
factory was secured for him with a wage
of six shillings a week, and he was left to
shift for himself. Every Sunday, indeed,
he visited his parents, but for six days of
the week he was alone in'London, hungry,
ill clothed and nncared for. Strangest of
all. his parents appeared .quite satisfied.
"They could hardly have been more so,"
said "Dickens years after, "if I had been
20 years of age. distinguished at a gram
mar school and going to Cambridge. 1 ' Re
lease came, however: the doors "of the
prison opened, a legacy fell in and the boy
got a few years of very old-fashioned
schooling, from which he passed on with
a smattering of Latin and a very thor
ough knowledge of the schoolboy heart
and of the manners ana customs of
schoolmasters. ,
His next step was into a lawyer s ofSce,
but he had neither the money nor the
hacking to pursue the law. Again ha
moved on. bearing with him an unparal
leled knowledge of the legal world. He
became a reporter, raised himself by in
defatigable labor to a certain reputation
as one of the very best stenographers of
his day. and plunged into the world of
journalism. He wrote on his knees in the
gallery of the House of Commons, on his
feet In a "preposterous pen In the House
of Lords" and— this was before the days
of the telegraph— dashed madly over the
country to attend elections, report ad
dresses and carry his notes back to the
press in London. He once said:
"I do verily believe I have been ups«-t
in almost every description of vehicle
known in this country. I have been be
lated in miry byroads in the small hours,
forty or fifty miles from London, with ex
hausted horses and drunken postboys and
have got back in time for publication."
Again a new world of the hustings, the
country inns and the vanished race of
coachmen and postilions, which he was to
immortalize in nis novels.
Dickens' Early Life.
Egan. English fiction as a whole had
lost its grasp on life and gone astray after
false gods. The great achievement of
Dickens was to recall the art to Its true
domain and by the force of his fiin, his
sentiment and his power of character por
trayal to give it a hold upon the hearts
of the public such as earlier novelists had
never ureamed of.
CHARLES DIC KENS IN 1S44.
Coming Organization Will Bz Known
as Merchants' Exchange of San
Francisco.
The large commercial organization to
or.-n and occupy the splendid new building
to be erected or. the pitc of the present
Merchants' Kxchanso building on Califor
nia street will be known as the Mer
chants' Exchange of San Francisco. This
was decided uyon at a meeting of the
promotion committee yesterday. The
committee con?i«ts of Charles R. Allen.
H F. Alien. William Babcock. Andrew
Carrigan. Warren D. Clark. W. J. Duiton.
C. R. Haven?. E. R. Lillenthal, G. W.
McNear, M. A. Newell, George A. New
hall. Jnda Newman, S. P. Smith. H. C.
Bomers. Henry St. Ooar, W. H. Talbot. V.
W. Van 5!ck!en and F. W. Van Zeile.
One hundred and ninety signatures of
members of the San Francisco Produce
Exchange have been attached to ar. agree
ment to join the new association. Five
hundred members are necessary. To se
cure the additional 310 a committee, of
v.hich William Babcodt is the chairman.
wa« appointed, with authority to make a
complete canvass of the business houses
of the city.
NAME SELECTED FOR
NEW COMMERCIAL BODY
I'lyer Lewis, a Director of tha Bank
of California, Dies at the Home
of His Brother.
AN AGED CAPITALIST
IS CALLED BY DEATH
American Liquor in Bond in Hawaii
Will Not Escape the Cus
toms Tax.
"W. S. Chance, Supervising Special Agent
of the Treasury, and Andrew Smith, Spe
cial Deputy Collector of Detroit, will
leave on the Australia to-day for Hono
lulu for the purpose of inaugurating the
customs service in tha Hawaiian Islands.
Mr. Chance will remain on the islands un
til July 1, when he will return to this city.
It is the intention of the authorities to
collect revenue on a large quantity of
American v.hisky in bonded warehouses
at Hawaii. The whisky was shipped to
Europe for the purpose of improving it.
and was stored at Hawaii with the dc-sign
of having it taken out for consumption
free of duty when the annexation of the
islands should have become a settled fact.
The customs authorities propose, how
ever, to collect a duty '.equivalent to the
internal revenue tax of $1 10 on each gal
lon, no allowance to be made for evapora
tion, either during th-.: voyage or in the
bonded warehouse.
George W; Carr, Assistant Superintend
ent of the Railway Mail Service, stationed
at Chicago, and Postoflice Inspector W
H. Flint of the Southern District of Cali
fornia, will also leavo on the Australia
for Honolulu, where they will organize
the United States postal system. They
take with them 140 trunks filled with
blanks, stamps, envelopes, postal cards
and other postofflce supplies.
WHISKY IMPORTERS •
MUST PAY THE DUTY
William P. Sullivan he has been drilling
the cadets, and the competition is likely
to be very sharp.
I^natian Council. Young Men's Insti
tute, has made the announcement that it
will tender a banquet to the winning com
pany.
at a test drill to be given next Tuesday
nlerht.
The trophy becomes the property of the
company to which it has been awarded
three times. Company D of the Sacred
Heart parish has already scored one, hav
ing secured the award last year. They
being the present possessors of the medal,
three companies will be chosen to com
pete with them. About ten companies
out of the fifteen in the regiment will
enter the test drill next Tuesday, night.
Out of these ten the three will be select
ed. Just what companies will enter has
not yet been decided upon. On June 8,
the date of the competitive drill. General
Shatter and his staff will be present. They
will receive the review. The officers of
the National Guard have also been in
vited and will in all probability attend.
Three regular army officers will be select
ed as judges, but their names have not
yet been given out. The last trophy of
fered was won by Company G. Edward
J. Power, now colonel of the regiment,
was then captain of the successful com
pany. Since the resignation of Colonel
fR ffi UCH Interest Is being taken in the
l/\//\ competitive drill to be given for
II /A Vi the League of the Cross trophy
° " on June 8 at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. Four companies of the league will
compete and three of them will be chosen
PROMINENT CADET OFFICERS.
CADETS WILL COMPETE
FOR A VALUABLE TROPHY
XXIIL THE GOLDEN AGE OF
ENGLISH FICTION.
BY THOMAS MARC PARROTT. PH.D.
The art of fiction had fallen very low In
England when Charle3 Dickens appeared
upon the scene. Scotfs enormous success
with the historical novel had given a j
great impulse to the production of ro- !
mantle fiction. The old realism of Field- !
ing and Smollett was 'submerged in a
flood of pseudo romances. Action took
the place of character and a more or Jess j
exciting story deafened the reader to the
creaking of the puppet's springs. If an
appeal was made to his sympathies it
was either for some charming devil of a
criminal or. for some fashionably cynical
dandy. Such were the works of Ains
worth and G. P. R- James, and the ear
lier novels of Bulwer and Disraeli. Hu
mor, too. had departed along with the
realism to which it clings and Its place
had been usurped by the coarse and bois
terous farce of Theodore Hook and Pierca
Dlcltens had created grew and shapeA
themselves in his hand?, and the series of
comic sketches b«car2e the book we all
know.
"Pickwick" is not a novel. It is one of
the great unclassified books of EnpliSh
literature. It has. of course, reminis
cences .of the older novelist-*, of Smollett
in particular, but how much cleaner and
sweeter is its fun! There is practically no
plot; the circumstances of composition
forbade any preconceived design on the
author's part. But It has what Is better
than the best plot ever planned— life. Ex
aggerated, grotesque even, the characters
may be, but they are alive. Mr. Pick
wick and hi3 friends. Bob Sawyer. Sam
IVeller, the shepherd and the inimitable*
Jingle, all strike root in reality. And in
the closing scenes there is an earnestness
of tone, a sobriety of treatment, and
above all. an Invincible optimism, a pre
revolutionary belief in the perfectibility
of mankind, that reveal the real Dickens
in all his power.
His First Novel.
"Oliver Twist" is Dickens' first novel,
and we find in it fully developed two
GOLDEN /\GES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton,
CHARLES DICKENS AND ENGLISH FICTION.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY .30,-. .1900.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Franco-Gal. QJJ^ Company.
Pre-idcnt. A. P. CATTET,
Vice President. HOX. M. P. SXTDEn.
'-,' Los Angeles.
OIL LAND:
FCLLERTOX 19 acrea
NEWHALL, '.160 acres
FERN* AX DO .'.660 acres
C20 Feet from the Largest Oil Producing Wells
In California.
Shares O"ow Eelline 2.V?, NON-ASSB8SABLE.
Call Immediately" and Investigate.
General Agency for San Francisco,
MERCANTILE LIBRARY BUILDING.
Cor. GoMen Gate and Van Xess ave3, room 11.
, PipP^ WONDERFUL
R;UF»TUF^E CURED.
IN INVE^TTING HIS WORLD-REXOWXED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Fierce rave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment oi Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers havt
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance and thousands of other*
are now en the road to complete recovery. This
Truss Is different from all others. It does the
work!
You can *et our "BOOKLET N"o. 1" by call-
Ins at the office, cr It will be sent on receipt o(
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co,,
«-»» Market Street (Opposite Palaca Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Ofnce— New York City.
£& aj F HICHC8TeR>s ENGLISH j
la UCD u-1 Cold metima box,,. K .le<l
1ZX SS W« J^ b: « ribbon- Toke no «ther. Refa*«
T?1 <Nk Vsj I>c«ecrr.c* £ab«Utittlons and Imlta*
I I i W «•¦•• Eo 7 of Too' Dnigfiit. or wod 4e. la
? *jf •*»¦!" > ta l. P»rt1enl«r«. Testimonial*
\V ff »»<i"nen>rfbrL»«l!cV<i»U«» ; -.b7 ro.
—^_1_A _ l nn MmlU I O.Oo« TMticutaUU. Soil bj
h.,7T^T7..i I>r "M 1 ";- r. Cklche«ter Chemical C«l
Ueattoa tfcU p.per. Jl c d!»oa £«u»r* miLA.. PaT
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being maiied to all who
will write the State Medical Znstitute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years apainst the mental and
phvsical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting: from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The • remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
end development just v.-here It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
ccme from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. Z2S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, In<3.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
agos will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
proat class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of.
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
A Eost Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN JB2.
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
VS3SBSSE EL'CCESS OF RICE'S FAMOUS
EXTRAVAGANZA.
"1492!"
THE ENTIRE ?KF.?« OF THE CITT UNANI-
MOCS IN ITS rRAIPTS.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
CSUAL POPULAR PP.ICES.
Good reserved seat In orchestra at ell matl-
r-e-s. 25c
I : .rsr.ch Ticket Office — Emporium.
j
VREGL-LAB MATINEE TO-P.AT. Wednesday, j
tls.y 3^. Deceratioa Day.
Farq-e*-. —"< »2y seat; balcony, 10c; children, |
Ip|uu1h burkhart
Asd Ccmpar.T in "A DEAL ON 'CHANGE."
Third and Last Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
: . . VANDT: MIDGLET & CARLISLE.
TWENTY OTHERS.
AN ENTIRELT NEW BILI*
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
MATINEB SATURDAY.
N. C, Goodwin
fflaxine Elliott
In their creaiest eoccess,
WHEH WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
By H. V. ESMOND.
£EATS FOB NEXT WEEK READY TO-MOR-
ROW* MORNING.
*T8VOLI*
Aosftjr Artistic and Complete Triumph!
A <Cnowde4 Boos* Declared So Last Nlcrnt tor
the Romantic Comlo Opera,
"THE THREE
GUARDSMEN!"
J*o&ac«a WttJ» m. Wealth of 6cenlc Effects!
Ev«dcp at t, Matine* Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c.
Tciesaona, Eu»a I.
CHUTES^and ZOO
JTVZKT AT-TEKNOOS AJJD EVENTNO.
EXTRAriEXTRA!
TO-DAY and TO-NIGHT
HALIADAHtteTnrk,
CHA3CI0S' •V7RESTLEP, VS.
duncan McMillan
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
Aa« THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN.
Telephone for. Eeata. Fark S3.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland,
Decoration Day, 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth »n« Harrison Streets.
Weekly Call $1.00 per Year
Hale's.
Bale's.
; \
our store cs closed to~(fey.
in honor ofot/r/7emc dedtf
Hdle BwsL.,,,^
we shall moire to our new store about September tst. Present premises
I are therefore to rent for occupancy after that time. Apply to G. H- Umbsen '
& Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
4%*"? HEATR E -Ar
MATINEE TO-DAY j
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
Clyd" Fitch's Domestic Corr.edy,
A SUPERFLUOUS
HUSBAND !«==>
A TALE OF MARRIED LIFE.
SALE O? SEATS NOW ON FOR
FLORENCE ROBERTS' "SAPHQ,":
SPECIAL I TO-DAY,
..lATINcE I 2:15 P.M.
/V\R. JAMES NE1LL
AND COMPANY
r.fST.tins for th« Ust T!ae
"LORD CHUMLEY,"
To-Xipiit »nd Tc-ilorrow KiBht. Onlv Times of
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.
I To-roorrow, Thursday, afternoon, "CAPTAIN
! L.ETTARBL.AIR.'" Friday and Saturday nights
I and Saturday matlne*. grand farewell, "CAP-
| TAIN t-WIFT."
Next Sunday Xieht. opsnlns: of the farr<»-
! comedy #e&*cn. DUNNE & RYLEY'S ALL-
1 PTAR CAST, presenting Hoyfa "A RAG
BABY."
OF VMPf/I EDDY ST..
KJLmi I IVlllfA COR.MASOH
THE ONLY FREE VAT'PF.VILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
First appearance of
HARRY HOLMES,
An3 his wonderful dog DANDY.
MABEL LE CLAIK,
Operatic Soprano.
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's premiere cornet soloist.
MLLE. THELMA,
In poees plastlque extraordinary.
AXD OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
KEEP THIS IN fflND!
THE SPECIAL LIMITED
EXCURSION "
I [MOP SHASTA
An* vlclslty, la Pullman Ta7a.ce Sleepers, Mr.
Win. H. Menton, Excursion Passenger Agent
8. P. Co., tn charge. LEAVKS FAN FRAN-
CISCO SATURDAY. JUNE 2. from terry Und-
lair, foot of Market street. AT 7 P. M. HE-
TURNING 'MONDAY. JUNE 4. at 7:45 a. m.
Round-trip tickets, Including L»rth tvro
cirnta In «le«p«r.
ONLY $10i!?
Me&ls extra. Served on train a la carte.
Excursion tickets now on eaJe at 613 Market
¦t.. Grand Hotel block.
T. H. GOODMAX.
General Passeng-er Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK.
P&nenger TrafSc Manager.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOVntn o AdmUslon IO=.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIO. ABRAAIOFF. In Acta From
"LUCIA" and "THE HUGUENOTS." '
II1ES SANDOLIN L\' ENGLISH SONGS.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. /
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
Eath!n«; from • l m. to U p m.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
Bathing, lnclodlny admission. 25c: children SOc.
Palona The covered passage-
Xctlctt/C connecting these
two Immense struc- i
tures places under
i cne mantgement IWj
JlTm rooms. 900 of which
O.11U. have baths attached.
' Tourists and travel-
_ *5?.l T0Ta *T«*T* section
P v%r\ v%A ot i he w ° rl <l recognize
llFanQ and appreciate tha
"•"*• comforts and convenl.
—————— ences offered by these
__ _ hotels.
HnrOlC American plan. Eu.
llvbvlO ropean plan.
DDFTCUIh'Q 7011 barbers, bak.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners,
drera, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
haneers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
Clemen, tar-roof era. tanners, tailors, etc.
mJCUA.NA :i ISKOS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sasramento S tLOCAL MARKETS.
Tuesday. May r».
«?'mr Scotia. Jacobs. 13 hours fronvP.ocfcpcrt.
Willamette. Hansen. 75 hour*, from Se
tt 'stmr Honlta. Nlcolson. SO hours from Stw-
Helms. 11 days from
rJiavrras etc via Ens-enada 2 davs.
Br ft'mr Manauf-nse, Ba*neson. 8 days ID hours
fr B? Mclntyre. 4H «?ay» from
Ci fichr 'ida Schnauer. Sorenson. 12 days from
S?hr Bender Bros. \V>tzel, 20 hours from Men-
Schr Itary Etta. Anderson. IS hours from,
Bovrens Landtnc. •
CLEARED.
Tuesday. Hay r>.
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu: J D
Epreckela & Bro* Co. I •
q mr City of Peklnc Smith. Hoaskcne. etc:
p M S S r.a.
Stnir Noyo, Johnson, Cape JCome and whal
ing: KimbaU S S Co.
Xor »tmr Tellas. Ped^rsen. Chemalnus: R
I>unsmuir'» Sons Co.
Br ship Lorti Templetown. McCracken. Capa
Town. v<a Prattle: Pupe «% Talbot.
Br ship S!«?rra PeUrossa. Starkey, Queens
town: G W McXear.
Schr Julia E Whalen. Ecctt. Xome; A L
Pierce.
SAILED.
Tuesday. M.iy T*.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona. Oielow. San Diegrn
Stmr City of Toklng. Smith. Hor.aikons. etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Pruz.
Fktn Retriever. Sloane, Hadloc!:.
Schr Mildred. Kin<11en. Sant» Rosalia.
Sehr Imr-ossible. Low, Point Reyes
Schr Prosoer. Helander. Xcme.
TELEGnAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May ». 10 p m— Weatlsex
hazy: wind N*\V. velocity 1« miles.
. "¦ * ¦ tP
ARKH-ED
Shipping Intelligence.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 8% 5 7T4
Closing • ...5 8% GS
Wheat— May. Scpt.-Dec.
Opening 19 93 21 70
Closing:.: 20 15 21 SO :
Flour —
Opening .' 16 95 2S 45
Closing 27 05 23 C5 <-
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Special cable and tel-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady, creamery, lhfi 19.V4C ; dairy
lC'.iS17c. Chcse. steady, 6}k@3\bc. ¦¦ . Eggs,
steady, fresh, HHc.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at about
40s for handy-sized carriers, and 37s 6d for
large vessels, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet In port ha* a registered tonnage of
26.700, against 11, 7.V) tons on the rame date last
year; disengaged, 1250 tons, against 25.-140; on
the way to this pert, 211,024 tons, against
215.870. r
• WHEAT— Liverpool was . easier . and • qulei.
Paris advanced. • •
Chicago opened steady and Inactive. Light
rains In the Northwest counteracted firmer
cables. Corn also opened in -. buyers' favor,
with Increased receipts, but rallied under n
pood shipping demand. Wheat was very dull.
Broomhall cabled that the Continent was tak
ing a fair number of coast cargoes. The ses
sion closed much firmer . on . private bullish
cables from Krnnce.
The local market was dull but firm on call,
with a slight Improvement in futures. ¦ ¦
There will be no session of the Produce Ex
change to-day. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 90@9Hic: milling, 83%
©¦SC<ic. ¦ . •¦•-.-.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Kxchansje. sixty days... — {4 S3»i
Sterling Exchange, sight....' — 4 SS}*
J-terlin? Cables — 4 $9\
New York Exchange, sight...... — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 15
Fine Silver per ounce — 59 T J
Mexican Dollars ... iSM 43
Exchange and Bullion.
Cash quotation* were as follows: Flour,
steady: Xo. 3 spring wheat. 62@65>4c; Xo 2
re<I. 70c; Xo. 2 corn. 374,i??37Vic.; Xo. 2 yellow
37>i;c: No. 2 oats. 21»;<322V4c; No. 2 white 24Vi
<S2<\c; No. 3 white. 29®iijic; No. 2 rye' 03c*
good feeding Parley. SCHc; lair to choice malt
ing. 3SS/41HC; No. 1 flaxseed, SI 80: No. 1
Northwestern. Jl SO: prime timothy seed. $2 40®
2 i2'.i: mess pork, per barrel, Jin 13Q11 25; lard
per 300 pounds, $6 70^0 82 1 -; short ribs sides
(loosf-). $G Si'Se 63; dry salted shoulders (boxed)
CViQfi^c; short clear sides (boxed). $G S0(&7;
whisky, basis of high wine*. $1 23: sugars, cut
loaf, 6.0Sc: granulated. 5.52c;. confectioners' A.
5.4Rc; off A, H.'iZc. ciover. contract grade, $7 &0.
TO EfAIL.
. NEW TOnxC." May ?S.--S«rveraI Incidents !
fcrljvd rrof^^slcnRl traders In putting up prices !
of Ftocks to-day. A Fcillr.R niover.ient in th*
lart f.fteea minute? c* trading, however, caused
some wSde l^f-ake an<l the cicse was rather
w«ak. lr.it n<»t gains ra\ed for the ma
jority of stocks, rontlr-j'-d to occupy a
lurg« portion of attention. An ndvar.ee «.f 5c
in rethied sugar wae the occasion of the
HreniStti in the aiw^ The Ani*riran Coin
in the trade <jul<-k!y followed. Wall Kreet Rave
rr.u'h attention to t!ie movemrr.ts of repre
t-'-n'.iit{v<s «.'i t!«" \«rlcu? «*cmj»aule-i, ru bear
ing Hjna the | roli'Iem whether the rival m
t»-rfets had <>r l".a<S not co:::e t« an csrfrinciit
to m sottlfment of the tra»ie war. Tne mod
erate i>i'.cr BMWeaaeBC in the Eto<-k. In vie-*- of
the »rWT. ceetced tt> indicate that the short
Interest ha', been largply eliminated. After
advar.clrg .sonifthin? gver 2 ;«:ims |in.>fit-tiiking
turned the price backward. . l>.r..lon bought
storks here to the extent of ?.'.C«W shares.
Ixiul«v!:ie l^ins In a serial demand for that
account. This 1 buying, which gave the open
ing tone to the rnarkt-t. was it&ffX on the
lavorablo war r.sv.s and lie ?a.«y money in
Louden. Th«* eve of a holiday invariably leads
to closing: up of necBttnta *n<l i. ¦:> .vc. tor
shorts yxue an «?!emi-ni of ftrenEtli to-<la>.
Some relief ves tclt «t the :ioii-«.vncurreiice
vt furth>r finam-Ial .tirMcuItles. T!:» Iron anil
i-if-cl stocks were s-trcrj:, led by.^t^t-1 Hoop on
the favorable Bssoal rtstenieat. JiaiJroaU
earnins*> M tur an reprrte,! were good. The
room tr^<li?rs «t™ iIIsjkjsoJ to the bull side
en the aeneral erounrts that !t was «lue for
a rise in vif\v at the flrnincfB displayed in
face of th* two Ijrokrraee failures last week,
but notwithstanding thrs*- vnrkus ele
nifnts of Ftrerirth it cannot be said that
the Fentlnurst fur en cSvar.ce »a» vt-ry d«-ep
roctcd. '-"-—!"*«— continues over the reac
tionary trnde.ncy of bu:-i.iess an>] espectalll"
f-vtt the deciine in freight trali'.c and weil-
Oeiincii repotta of cuttir.K of rates. The need
cf rain In the spring wheat belt is also a
cause of onxl.ty.- i
The b<>n<l ciarket was very dull and th"
price movements irregular. Total sales, par
value. n.Stt.000.
I'nitcd Statf-s bonds unchanged in bid quo
' XEXV TOUTi: STOCK LIST. .
Fharee Clonlni
is.i'^o Atthison r'ff'd 1!!!!!!!!!'.!" z\'\
2.C77 BaKlrr.ore & Ohio .'. 7«t
Canadian I'ariflc /.. * >ju
1.2<"K) Canada Southern • ;.? "
1.133 Chesai^-akc Ez Ohio £;si
1C0 Chicano Gii»at Western 3">i.
17,470 Chicago Jiur & Qulncy l';i"
Chicago Ind & Ltuls ~ji "
2r. Cliicai:^ Ind A- Loui? prefd oj
MS Chicatro *.- F.«st Illinois ici
Chicago & Northwestern 163-i
10.175 Chicago Hock Irland &. Pac m
1.140 CCCtSt L-mls zS'i
Colorado Southern {'
Coliirado S.mthern 1st prefd 42
13ft Colorado Southern Id perfd i6Vi
10" I»t-laware & Hudson 113V.
no Jiel Leek 4- \\'<>*tern 178 *
. lf>0 Denver & llio Grande 1ST;
• . 325 Penver Ac Klo Grande prefd cS'i
Erie 12
Trie l.»t jn-cfd J5
220 Great Northern prefd ..1T.4
I!..rkinu Coal 14
400 Hocking Valley 3SV4
Illinois C*mtral 112
100 Iowa Central 17v4
100 Iowa Central prefd 48
Kanean City PKt* Oulf 17
100 Lake Erie Western S7&
Nezi' York Stock Market.
Do 1st cr 5s. — — iKilauea S Co. 20»; 21
S P 13r (>3 lTO-'JilSl iMakawetl S C 47S *7»;
S V Water 6s.. 11.1 lli-% ! Onomea S Co.. 27»i 2Si*
Do 4s 103 — Paauhau S Co SX9t SI
Do 3d ' mtg..IC2V& — Miscellaneous —
Stocktn Gas Cs 93 — Al Pack Assn.117 —
Water Stocks— * Cal Fruit Asn. — —
Contra Costa.. 7l*i 72 Mir Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. 50 — [Oceanic S Co. 93H —
Spring Valley. !T. 95H>Pac A F A 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.ltt —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L.& P. ....:% —
Mornlne Session.
Board—
S5.1 Giant Powder Con S4 CO
150 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 83 75
100 Honokaa <6 Co. b-3 34 2j
CO Market Street Railway 62 SO
$11.0W) O Trans Co. 6 per cent Eonds. a 10.118 00
20 S V Water 93 1»
Afternoon Se3sion.
Board—
40 Contra Costa Water 1 »
25 Contra Costa Water "I »*•/»
10 Contra Costa Water, b 5 <1 «'»
CO Contra Co«ta Water, b 10 72 CO
30 Giant Powder Con »* "J
10 Giant Powder Con s4 12 «
10 Giant Powder Con »4 2-i
6 Giant Powder Con »* «
200 Hana Plantation Co • *»,»
80 Honckaa S Co 34 H^
5 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 £0
I 10O Makawcli 4 I 62Vi
125 Oceanic S S Co J3 50
123 Paauhau S P Co 31-0
65 PaciHc Lighting — j* <W
J1000 Park and Cliff 6 r>er cent Bonds.104 oO
45 S F. Gas & Electric Co • 45 oO
20 S V Water : *> 2j
$1000 Anglo-Cal Bank 83 15
'TUESDAY, May 29—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Kqult G L Co. 2'i 2H
Is quar • coup.. m^m^ Mutual El Co. 9Vi 11
Is do reg 115%ll«tt O G L & H... 43 46^
Is do co new..M4K133 |Pac Gas Imp.. 4". 45
Js do coupon.. lOS'-lCS'-i Pac L Co 43%,—
Miscellaneous— 3 F O & E 4«», 46%
Cai-st Cab SS..119U — ran Francisco. 4Vi 4%
C C Water Ss.lost^lU 5tkn G & E Co 10 —
Rd L St P 6s..l2S'.i — insurance—
F & CI Ry C.S..116 — Firem's Fund.22S —
Geary-at R 5s. — 90 Bank Stocks —
H C & S 5'is.. — — \nglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do r.s 105 — Bank of Cal. ..410 —
L A Ry 6s — 1045 s Cal S D & T.104VJ —
L A L Co Cs.. — — First National. — 200
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P A A — 132Vi —
Do gntd 5s.. .100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L, A <t V It i3.1D2V4 — N>v Nat Dank — —
Market-st 6s.. .127 — Pavings Banks —
Do 1st M 5s.USV;U9 Ger S & L'....1S3O —
N C N G R 7s. — . Ill Hum S & L.. — —
N* R of Cal»6s.ll*»UUi% Mut Sav r.nk.. 43U —
Do 5s 117 — S F Sav U....505 —
N P C R R 69.101 H10SU ?av & L So 74 7S
Do Cs 1CS 109 Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 63.113 — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&H;s.lU — I Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s. .US — (California 12UJ123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Dceanlc S 5s.. 107. 107*4 i Market-st Ry. 62 • 62V4
Om C Ry 6s. ..123 — O S L & H.. — iO
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4>£ — Presidio 16 —
P fc O R R fell! — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R r»sl2Q — California ....160 170
Sac L & G R3s — . — Giant Con Co. S3 S3»i
S F & SJV :»s.ll!»;il9T;iVlKorit 2% 3H
S Ry ot Cal 6S.111U — t Sugar Stocks —
S P of A 6s... — lUViiHana S P Co.. 7*i 7ii
T>o (1905) 1C3 — ,Haw C & S Co m* —
D> (19C6) 111H113 iHonokaa S Co 34', 34'i
Do (1912) — 122U!Hutch S P Co 25»i 2SVt
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Business was very dull on the morning 1 ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and quotations
showed no change worthy of note.
There was more activity in the afternoon and
Giant Powder advanced to SS4 73 and Oceanic
Steamship to $33 50.
The boards will not be in session to-day.
I
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
CHICAGO. May 2?.— Wheat opened firm, July
a shade over yesterday at 67c to 66"4c on the
strength of cables, Liverpool quoting futures
*;d higher and Paris reporting an advance of
lc per bushel. The flrmneBS was of short
duration, for the Northwest reported moder
ate rains, with a prospect of more of the
same needed article, while Budapest and Ber
lin were weak. These considerations c^*nt July
down to C6%c. The crop news from all winter
wheat sections— Kansas and the adjoining re-
Klors in the Southwest excepted— were of the
moFt glowing character. The Indian ctrop was
eaid to be threatened with almost total de
struction and the Ohio reports were nearly as
gloomy. Later in the day shorts covered on
reports of drought and cold weather In France
and because of the unfavorable domestic re
ports aforementioned. In this way most of
the wheat sold early was repurchased and Julv
rallied to 67^»c, closing firm. H®'/ic over yeo"
terday at 67Vic. The strength developed bl
oom was also a support.
There was a large Jocal trade In torn and
prices were higher. Cables were higher, the
weather was considered too wet. country ac
ceptances were Email and there was an Im
provement in the cash business. July closed
flrni, Vi°yHc over yesterday at 37H@37*4c
Oats were quiet but firm under leadership
of corn and because of a fair cash demand
July closed a shade over yesterday at 21Uc
Trade In provisions wasi of a very quiet
order, but prices were well maintained as
there was a good shipping demand. The list
opened a shade lower and after fluctuating
within very narrow limits closed steady, Julv
perk 2%c lower, lard unchanged and rlbe 'Uc
higher.
There will be no session of the Board of
Trade to-morrow. Memorial day.
The leading futures ranged as follows*
Steamer Movements.
jriven are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sisn (— ) preced«« the helsht.
and then the number given 13 subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldas of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tid*
and the last or right hand column Kives U\e
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lovr
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office. T,. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
Mar 23. 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlns was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich lime,
Lieutenant Commander. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Oenerally fair weather rrc-vnils ever the Pa
cISc Slcrie. Light showers have occurred in
Mnntar.a ar.d Northeastern Washington.
The pressure hap failf-r. ever th; northern por
tlrn of the Pacific Slope and rlten over the
tcutherr.. It i* hjffhest on" th» Washington
coast and lonfrt in Southern Arizona.
The temperature has risen over Oregon,
Fr.uthern Idaho, Northern California r.nd North
cm Nevada. It has fallfn ever Northern Utah
end remained r.early stationary in other di«
trirts.
<Vinditlor.s r.re' favorable for fair weather In
California Wednesday.
Forecast made ; at 6s.n Francisco for thirty
poors endir.s: midnight. Ma«- Si 1900-
Northern «a;ifr,rnia-Falr Wednesday; contln
uea warm weatber; light west wind
Southern Cailforr.ia— Pair Wednesday- rresh
¦rest wir.J.
¦Neveia— Fair Wednesday.
I'tah— Fair Wednesday;" warmer.
Artzcr.a-Fa!r Wednesday.
Han Francisco end vicinity— Fair Wednesday:
fresh weet wind.
G. H. WILLSOX.
jLocal Forecast Olflclal.
FORECAST.
<:TCth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. May 2£-5 t>. m.
The fciiewlr.fi are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, es compared with thc^e of tame date last
Beaaon, a.r.£ ralr.falls <n last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Ftaticr.s— H Hvars. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.C0 M>.f2 . 33.62
Red Bluff (•.«» 22. S7 10 62
facramento 0.0.J Zn.rs l«.ll
San Francisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.10
Fresno C.CO 10.14 ".IS
Independence 0.09 3.66 1.21
Kan Luis Oblspo 0.C0 17 30 16.41
L-ts Ar.geleg 0.00 7. S3 5.C1
i^an Ditf:o O.CO t.S8 4.*j
Yurai o.C') 1.C9 1.34
Fan Francisco data— MasiKium t»rr.p?rature,
CJ; minimum. Cl; near.. CO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
The New York Ccrr.m^rcinl Fays: "There are
a few fairs of print evaporated apples at l\c.
I*rur.es are still a feature cf interest, and re
tain the ttrenpth gathered *ince the recent
Mb deal. There is a good demand for them
Jr. 23 and M bcx lots from a'most all sections,
end the export movement in them continues.
AU ether lines of dried poods are dull."
Dried Fruit in Nczl' York.
The City of Pekir-.tr lock out a treasure ship
ment cf F15XS9&, consisting of $72.CO0 in Mexi.
can dollars. J'Jii in gold coin und J7C.7O0 in
6ilvcr buiiicrj.
Treasure Shipment.
¦Wheat charters r^Sor to arrival are the Ama
z^n, Europe, 4Cs; Taton Hall. Callao. private.
The Klikitat loads lumber at Pert Gamble
for Honolulu; Lutha'.r. lumber at Port Blake
ley for Callao.
Tho Shandon Joads wheat at Tacoma for
Eurote. iC*.
Charters.
To-Cay beir.s Mtmcria! day and a lepaJ holl
flay fius-.nes* -ivill t-e euspendej throughout the
.United States.
To-Day a Holiday.
1C0 Lake Erie & Western prefd 91H
Lake Shore ..' 2121b
2.S.'0 Louisville & Nashville WV|
l.OlO Manhattan L 1
7:5 Metropoliuin Pt Ry 155%
1.030 Mexican Central 17% !
2*0 Minn & St I/duI? 62 ;
2<v> Mlin & St L prefd 96
12.4r-0 Missouri Pariric 54v4
Mobile & Ohio !9Vi
1.000 Missouri Kan & Texas Jl
MlFFourl Kan & Texas prefd 33
If* New Jen">y Or.tral llS 1^
634 New York Ontral 1314 i
LSOO Nr-.rfolk & Western 35H
211 Norfolk & Western prefd 7S ! 3
6X42 Nnrtht-rn Pacific W:i t
1.0?i Northern Pacific prefd 75>» }
1.014 Ontario & Western 2lS j
Orr B nn Ry &: Nav 42 |
Orepcn P.y it Nav prefd 76 \J
3.6W Pennsylvania 130 ]
ZtO Reading 16%
2.7G0 Reading 1st prefd "5^, !
Reading 2A prefd 2S'i
Rio Grande Western 5S4
Rio Grande Western prefd S7i*
COO Ht Louis & Pan Fran 10
i?t Ix>u!s £• San Fran 1st prefd 69
233 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 334
St Louis Southwestern ll l d
500 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2614
7.710 St Paul U<}%
300 St Paul prt'fd 172
Paul & Omaha Ill
2,630 Southern Pacific 34*i
Southern Railway ]2* s
2.02S Southern Railway prefd 55»,»
Texas & Pacific 16»;
10.350 I'nlrn Pacific 54H
1.540 Unlcn Pacific prefd 73»i
WabaFh 8
pno Wabash prefd 20 a i
t5<> Wheeling & Lake Erie 9'
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 25«i
Wisconsin Central 15'
nx^rese Companies—
Adams : J15
American i;o
United States 45
Wella Fargo us
Miscellaneous—
Am»rican Cotton Oil 34%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 50
?00 Amwican Maltlns 3^'
200 American Malting prefd 22
242 American Smeltine & Refining 37H
<34 Am Smelt ins & Refining prefd tSH
American Spirits 2V»
American Spirits prefd 17
1.433 'American Steel Hoop 22 l .i
22S American Steel Hoop prefd 7OV4
4.1M) American Steel & Wire 35
2/<7 American Steel & Wire prefd 74«J
2vn American Tin Plate 22*,
l<v> American Tin Plate prefd 72%
10.7M American Tobacco 91 }k
American Tobacco prefd 129
40ft Anaconda Mining Co 42
3.?::. Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 25%
713 Continental Tobacco 14
BIS Continental Tobacco prefd 78
4,700 Federal Steel S<U
6r.O Federal Steel prefd 67 "
100 Grn»ral Electric i;2
4C0 Glur.re Sucar 46^
Glucose Sugar prefd !>1>^
110 International Paper ;i% I
120 International Paper prefd C3 1 * !
...:... Laclfde Gas j. 6.1 "
1C0 National Biscuit 21^
National Biscuit prefd 79
100 National Lead 19%
National Lead prefd..... 97Vj
?#O National Fte-el JS%
1*3 National Steel prefd K
SS5 New York Air Brake -. .',127
North American li'Ji
Paclf.c Coast 43
Pacific Coast 1st prefd PO
Pacific Coast 2d prefd B9
4fiO Pacific Mall » 25%
2.76ft People's (las 99%
4.'-0 Prised Steel Car 43>£
Pr'-fSPd Steel Car prefd... 75
Pullman Palace Car ISO
r«5 Standard Rope & Twine • r.%
£3.270 Sti^ar 11U;
Pusar rr*-?d Ill
1.2S0 Tennessee Coal & Iron K\
1.709 fr.ited States Leather 11
"K T'nltrd States Leather prefd 4J
fnlted States Rubber 2SV4
T'nitfd ftnten Rubber prefd 59
C?2 Western I'nlon 70%
1.315 Republic Iron & Pte«l IS
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd *>6
P C C & Pt Louis U\4
100 Third Avenue 103
234,300 Sherds sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2i refunding .31 K 4 T Ids CSV4
when issued mt | Do 4? 92»i
V B 2s r#g.. 39TIIN Y C Ws....,....imii
Ix> ;* reg W",:.N .» C een 5s..... .121!*
Do 3». coupon ll!9Vi!X Pacific 3s 67f»
Do new 4s reir 13<'-j. I>o 4s iV>
]>o Mt4i cotip.'IMH N Y C & St L 4s. 106
l>o old 4s re* 11.VVN* & W con 4s 96?4
Do old 4s cotop.T.113%tOr Nav l^tp Ill
Do ts ree 113%' Do 4s... ....1)414
Do is coup ]]3?i;Or Short Line Cs... J2".i
Dist of Col J.cr.s... 122V- Do co:i 6s 114Vs
AteUana e*n 4s...i'H Reading gen 4s.... 8S
Do ad.1 4s 03% n O W lfcts SS^
Canada So 2Js IM^lSt L & I M con 5«.110V>.
tl.'-s & Ohio <<As.. 9:<i, St L & S K sen 6s.l2«
I)o > UG^St l'aul cons 170%
Chi & N- con 7s....l41's J?t I* C & P Jst9...12ft
l>o S F Deb 5s..llH ! Do 5s 121H
Chicago term 4*... 55 ]Sn Pacific 4s A3
Colo Boothern 4s.. WS>4 So Railway Is 112
D & R O 1st? l'V.VS-tan-l R & T Cs... 71
Df> 4s 9H% •>xa<i S.-. Pac ls.ts..li;
K T V & G lsts...lO3 ; Do 2d* G5
Trie c<?n 4s 71 ITT Pacific 4s lf^H
K W & D C lsts... 72U:Wabn!>h Ists 113%
Gen El?ctric :.s....i:i I Do ifl* 192
lovftOntnl lfits..ll.'HWe F t Shore 4« 113
K C Pi- a Ists... 71\. Wi.« Central ists.. M%
L & N unified 4«.. «*'.« Vn Centuries ?2 !^
MINING STOCKS.
Cho'lar 10 Ontario C7
Crown Point 05 Ophlr 47
Con Cal & Va 1 «0 J'lymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quickrllver 1 DO
Gout.] £: Curry 10 Iio prefd 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 1* Plerra Nevada 25
Hoi:ie?t.ike -55 00 Standard 3 6(i
Irr»n Sil". - T CO Union Con 15
Mexican 29 Yellow Jnck't 12
UOSTON, STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWest Knd ....... 91'i
Call loans 2573, Conds —
TImo Irans S'a-»iAtchl!-on 4s. 100
Stocks— : Mining Sharrs—
Atch T i- St Fe... S'^'Advenlure 4
Do prenJ .71 i.Mlouez Mln Co.... 1\<.
American Sugar lW^jlAmals Copper...... S?
D. profd Ill {Atlantic :. 22
Hell Telephone 3»M | Boston & Mont 2M
Boston Jt Albany. .210 iUutte Si Boston '»
L'ostrn Kitivated...iro \ Calumet A- Hecla:.7K»
Chi P. & Q ....127%'Ontennlal 16
IN.mlnlon Coal 42V Franklin 12'*
Do prefd lUVHumholdt L0
Federal Steel 34'^ Osceola 61
Do prefd <">7*4 Parrot 4!
Fitchburp prefd... .133 Qirtncy ffi
Gen Electric 133'i St F» Copper 4*4
Mexican Central... 12% Tamnrark 1?1
N K Gas & Coke... l«'i I'tah Mlnins 2".%
Old Dr-mlnion !«'/» Winona 2%
Rubber 2S'-i Wolverines. 37V4
ITnlon Pacific 04^
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance* In the general fund, ex.
elusive of the SIOO.'/O.COO Kold reserve In the di
vision of redemption, *hows:
Available cash balance. 7146.lSo.179; sold, $6S,-
E15.761.
Nkv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Money on call easy.
1\Q2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3>i@
NEW YORK. May 29.— There was a fairly
active market for metals to-day, with the gen
eral undertone about steady. Cables were of
better average than anticipated and the loxal
tin market advanced slightly on this Influence,
but closed very quiet at J29 25{f29 60. Lake
copper showed well sustained prices, due to
an advance of 7s Cd In the London market,
closing very quiet here at JIG 75. Pig Iron war
rants continue weak and nominally unchanged.
Lead ruled dull and featureless At $3 97 l ifi)
4 024- Spelter, while not quotably lower, ruled
a shade easier in the absence of buyers and
closed easy at $4 47 J ,i<?M 52Vi. The brokers"
price for lead was $3 SO and for copper $16 50.
Chicago Grain Market. \
Nkv York Metal Market.
WHEAT— Receipts. 132.230 bushels; exports.
60.0G7. Spot market firm but quiet; No. 2 red.
7&%c f. o. b. afloat: spot, entirely nominal; No.
2 red. 77^c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
74%c f. o b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 76%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm at an ad
vance of Hiff^c-on better cables and foreien
buying, following further reports of damage
to ar.J shortage of French wheat crop. Later
prices eased off. -but the market again rallied
on local covering? and continued foreicn de
mand, following bullish closing of French
cables and contrary views regarding Northwest
crop situation. May. JlK©71Hc, closed 71'ic;
July. 72 l-16j?72%c. closed 72%c; September,
RfeGTIttC, closed 73&c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at net un
chaneed prices to 7 points advance. Total
sales. 11.000 bags. Including: September, $7 05;
October. J7 05: November. $7 05: December.
$7 25; March, $7 40; spot Rio. firm; No. 7 In
voice, 7;£ C; ,ntid ( market steady; Cordova.gu®
12'ie.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 4 l-32c;
centrifugal. 9C test, 4 17-32c: molasses sugar.
3 27-32c; refined, firm; No. C, 4.90c; No. 7. 4.85c:
No. S, 4.80c: No. 9 4.73c; No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11.
4.C3c; Xo. 12, 4.C0c; No. 13. 4.60c; No. 14, 4.60c;
standard A. 5.23c; confectioners' A. 5.25c; mold
A. 5.fi3c; cut loaf, 6.80c; crushed, 5.80c; pow
dered. 5.50c: eranulated. 6.40c; cubes, 5.55c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 19.332 packages. Steady:
We«tern creamery. 16ViC20Uc; factory, 14@10c.
EGGS— Receipts. 20,019 packages. Barely
steady ; Slate and Pennsylvania, 14gl4Hc;
Western, loss off, 13>4@Hc; Western, at mark,
ueui4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading In evaporated apples was rather
slow, but the undertone, however, ruled steady
to firm on good country advices and the con
tinued light receipts. At the close the prices
were as last quoted. California dried fruits
were Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4Vi | ?5c; prime, 6\(g6c; choice, 6*i@?c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12^gi4c; Moorpark, 15
@18c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 15S?20c; unpeeled, 7@9c.
NEW YORK. May 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2S.447 barrels; exports. 76,777. Quiet and steady
at unchanged prices.
1
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
Silver rather lozcer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat firm and freights steady.
Slight advance in Barley futures.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Millstuffs and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Nav Hay weak and old Hay firm.
Beans neglected and nominal. Seeds stagnant.
Shipment of $153,595 to China.
Light dealing in local securities.
Beef and Pork steady. Mutton, Lamb and Veal firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Nothing nczi 1 in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market dull and generally easy.
Fresh Fruits meet with a good demand.
Dealers fixing the quotations for nezv dried Apricots.
Stock of Prunes smaller than for five years.
Provisions dull, zvith some cutting in Hams.
Hides, Hops and Wool neglected.
Oils as previously quoted.
Sugar marked up.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s ldfj
Cs 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5a 9Hd; futures,
steady; July, Cs S>,4d; September. 5s Sd.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new, 3s
ll?id; fiitures, quiet and nominal; July. 3s 9Vid;
September, 3s 9%d.
LIVERPOOL. May 29.— Wheat, steady; Xo. 1
standard California, 6s ldSJCs 2d: wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Purls, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 1-Kd.
¦ CLOSING.
LONDON, May M.-Consols, 101 13-16: sliver.
17 9-lCd; French rentes. lOlf: carcoes on pass
age, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 20s; cargoes Walla Walla, 27s 7^d;
English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 29— Wheat quiet and steady;
bluestem. 54c; club, Clc.
WASHINGTON*.
PORTLAND. May 23.— Exporters continue to
quote fclc for Walla Walla wheat and about
63'ifC4c for bluestem, with valley easy at 500
01c.
PORTLAND. May 29.-Clear!ngs. $335,S47;
balances, J90.S07.
Northern Wheat Market.
•i mm - OREGON.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Much of the improve
ment scored within the past few days In cot
ton futures was wiped out within the first hour
to-day under very active selling- by all branches
of the trade and Irresistible bear Influences.
The opening figures, which showed a decline
of 3^-9 points, were about top of the day.
¦Within the first hour the opening break was in
creased to a matter of 8 to 10 points, while
later In the session another spell of weakness
carried prices off 9 to 25 points from last night's
closing. The dominating influence was weak
ness in the English cotton 'market. The mar
ket closed easy on near months and steady on
far months, with prices 9@25 points net lower.
A T eiv York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. E000. Sheep and Iambs,
active, lOITIOc higher; good to choice -wethers,
Jo'ffS 50; fair Ocholce mixed,?! 40!9'4 S3; Western
sheep. $1 Sofa 45; yearlings, $5 50@6; native
lambs, l^itl 35; Western lambs, $6^7 33; spring
Iambs, $5 75S7 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 24.000; to-morrow. 25.
000 estimated; left over, 3500. Opened strong,
closed easier. Top, $5 25; mixed and butchers,
$0(05 25; good to choice/ heavy. $5 15® 5 25;
rough heavy, $S@3 10; light, $4 95®5 23: bulk of
sales. Jo 15(fT5 20.
CHICAGO, May 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2500.
Steady to shade lower. Butchers' stock steady
to weak; no fancy cattle. Natives, best on sale
to-day, two carloads. $5 35; good to prime steers,
$5@5 70; poor to medium. $4 4004 90; selected
feeders, f4 40<ff5 10; mixed stockers, $3 73Q'4 25;
cows, choice, steady, weak, W^l 50; heifers,
$3 23*55 10; canners, $2 40Q3; bulls, $2 9O@4 30;
calves, higher. $3(g7 23: Texas fed steers, $4g3;
Texas bulls. ?3 25®3 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
1,017.000 pounds domestic and 75,000 pounds for
eign, against a total of 2,353,000 for the pre
vious week and a total of 4.435.000 for the
corresponding week lai=t year. The sales since
January. 1 amount to 61, 466, SCO pounds, against
100,726,800 pounds for the corresponding time
last year.
BOSTON. May 20. — There has been no Im
provement in the wool market here this week.
Prices have been made eimply to get Imme
diate necessities. The Territory wools meet
with slow sale, with prices nominal. Fleece
wools are lifelers, about all the demand being
for quarter-blood grades. Quotations:
¦Territory— wools— Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine, lSK^Oc; scoured, C5c; staple,
CSc: Utah. Wyoming, fine, medium and fine,
17@lSc; scoured. 54©55c: ptaple. 67©3Sc; Idaho,
fine medium and fine; 16SKC: scoured, 53-22' 55c;
medium. 2O((Z21c; scoured. 4C"g4Sc
Australian— Scoured basis, spot prices, comb
ing. Buperline, nominal at SW?87c; good, 80@82c.
The American Wool and Cotton Re
porter will say Thursday: There . Is still
no improvement to be noted In the condi
tion of the wool market. In fact, the dull
ness previously noted has been Intensified, with
the market In as nearly a state of complete
staznatlon as It is possible to conceive It.
The mills are pursuing the strictly hand-to
mouth Dollcy in the purchasing of wocl, be
cause of the quietness of the goods trade and
the uncertainty as to the style of goods which
will be In demand for the coming lightweight
season. In the Territories stiff prices are being
paid for the new wools when there Is any busi
ness done, but jrrowers' Ideas as a whole are
considerably above the ideas of Eastern pur
chasers.
Boston Wool Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales:
Cherries— Royal Annes, 80c®$2 65 box: Black
Tartarlans. 45c@$2 65; Centennials, S5c@$l 30:
Purity. SOc0$l. Apricots— Newcastle, $1 25@
1 70 single crates; Royal?. $2 70#3; Seedlings.
Jt 75@2 70. Peaches— Alexander, $1 80<S2 70.
Three cars fruit sold to-day.
Apricots— Royal. $2 13@3 55; Seedling, $1 65@
2 25; Prir.gle. $1 20®l 55: Newcastle. $1 35®2.
Peaches — Alexander. $2 5562 90 box and ¦ $1 30
single crate; Briggs May. $2 75 box. Cherries-
Republicans, 70c® {2 35 box; Royal Annes, $105
(Jl S5; Tartarlans. 40c@Sl 70; Centennials. 70c
<iSil 45; Rockports, 40c(g$l 60; Advance, $1 30;
Knights, SOc; other varieties from 25c to $0c.
Cherries arrived mostly In bad condition.
Apricots— Newcastle, $1 75@2 15. average $1 92;
Pringle, $1 45igl 70. average $1 40; Seedling, $1 60
@2. average $1 75. Cherries— Royal Annes,
boxes, $1 S032 15, average Jl 91; black Tartar
ians. $1 7302 45, average $1 81. One car sjold
to-day. \
BOSTON. May 29,— The Earl Fruit Company's
rale3 of California fruit to-day at auction are
as follows:
Cherries— Boxes, black Tartarlans, $1 15@2 SO.
average Jl 60; Centennials, average ?2 23. One
enr sold to-day.
NEW YORK.- May 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at auction,
realizing tho following prices:
Peaches— Alexander, boxes. $2 30<{?2 33. aver
age $2 34. Apricots— Royal,- ?2 O5i@3 20, average
$2 90; Prlngle. $2 03©2 10. ''average $2 06; Seed
ling, $1 155?3 S7te. average $2 23; Newcastle. 80c
@$1, average 95c. Cherries', boxes, Royal
Anne, $120^2 35. average $1 81; black Republi
cans, Jl 60?j2 30, average $1 63; black Tartar
ians. $1 60(52. average $1 67: Centennials. $1 t0@
2, average $1 48; black Bigarreau. E5c@$l 50,
average $1 03. Cherry Plums— 65c@70, average
66c. Weather favorable: one car sold to-day.
CHICAGO. May 29 —Earl Fruit Company
sales • California fruit:
Apricots— Royals. $1 25^1 75 single crates:
Seedlings, 95ci3$l 45: Newcastle, 90c@$l 15.
Peaches— Alexander, $1 25@1 45. Cherries— Black
Republicans, average. $1 72: ¦ Centennials, 73®
90c: Royal Annes. 90c@$l 50.
Porter Bros. Company sales:
Plums— Clyman, $2 50g2 85. single crates.
Peaches— Alexander. $1 403*1 SO box. Apricots-
Royal. $1 23@1 60 single crate: Seedling. $1@
1 10. Cherries— Tartarlans. 70c® $1 SO box; Royal
Anne. 90c<g$l 68: Centennials. 65©70c; Cleve
lands, J0®60c. Two cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit:
PHILADELPHIA, May 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day:
LONDON. May 29.— Atchison, 26%: Canadian
Pacific. 95H: Union Pacific preferred. 7aVi;
Northern Pacific. 77; Grand Trunk. 7y s ; Ana
conda. 8H. Bar silver, steady, 2S 9-lKd per
ounce; money, 1V4 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, May 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a seneral cheerfulness in the mar
kets here to-day on the ne-ws of Lord Roberts'
close approach to Johannesburg. Consols led.
Th» speculative position, however, was virtu
ally nil, there being no bulls anywhere. The
boars occasionally helped the tone by buying in,
but business was meagre. American hesitated
early on selling against options, then strag
frllng ljuylr.g in fair amount set In. New York
accepted the Rdvance. The close was cneerful.
St. Paul, Baltimore and Ohio, Union and
Northern Pacifies and Norfolk and Western
were scarce. The bank lost £23.000 «old to
South America and bought £44,000 in French
coin and £7000 In bars.
London Market.
4'.4 per cont. Sterling exchange heavy, with
actual business in bankers" bills at $4 87H for
demand and $4 S4N,<(?4 S4^i for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 SO'^M SS4: commercial
bills. $< S3»;G4 S4. Bar silver. £9!i: silver cer
tificates, eosoic. Mexican dollars. 47%C. Gov
ernment bonds, steady: State bonds, strong;
railroad bonds, Irregular. /
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, decreased
76,000 bushels last week.
*— — — ZZUZZ *
egraphlc dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changea in available' supplies last
Saturday:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 2,374,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 700,000 bushels;
total supplies, decrease. 3,074,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 3,049.000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 563,000 bushels.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and. Raisins.
Buyers and sellers are talking about Apri
cots, the ranee mentioned being 67i@7<,ic per
lb, though no actual sales are reported!
The stook of Prunes In the State is now re
ported down to between 60 and GO cars, the
smallest for five years. There will not be &
car left when the new crop appears, unless
something unexpected happens. The conditions
In the Prune market arc better than for years.
No new comb Honey has yet been received
and arrivals of extracted are light. Prices
are unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, In sacks. 4@4Uc
for 40-i.O's, »*4®3%e for 60-60's. 3'4@3Hc for
60-70's. 393%c for 70-S0's, 27i®3c for S0-00'a
and 2}i5i2*ie for 90-lWs; Apricot?. U0*1Oq for
Royals and 10<ffUc for Moorparks; Peaches.
*H©4?*c for Stnndards, 5c for choice and l\M
6c /or fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12',4c- Evapo
rated Apples. &}4@6c; sun-dried. 3Q4c per lb:
Pears. • 3>4®4^c for dark and 7ig'8c for brUht
halves; Black Figs. l%552e: White Figs. *g-2c:
Bleached Plums. 7'/4c: Unbleached Plums*. .6c
for fitted and lVfcc for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. Co
unbleached Thompson's, per lb.- 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SHc; choice. 7 Vic; standard 6V4c
prime Dc; unbleached .Sultanas. Sc; Seedless
&0-lb boxes. «c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5'ic'
3-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers' 2
crown. $1 .V> per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 DO; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
• NUTS— Walnuts. S©9c for StanJards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almond*. H',i9l2c for Daner
shell. 9@10c for soft and 4«f 5c for hard-hell-
Peanuts. 5»4Q6»;e for Enstern n n d 5c for
fornia: Brazil Nuts. 7^4@Sc', Filberts. lSSl^'in-
Pecans. 11^130; Cocoanuts, $4 M®C ¦ " '
HONEY— Comb. UVilffl2c for bright and 10't«S
Uc for light amber: water white extracted
7'.ic;llrht amber extracted, C'^S'c; dark 5U&7
Ce rer lb. ¦ ' M
BEESWAX— 2<@26c per lb.
Provisions.
¦ * ¦ .• ¦
While the demand for meats may be slightly
better than of. late, the market Is dull at best,
with considerable cutting, especially In Hams.
.CUBED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light' medium. 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14V4c for sugar cured. Eastern
BUgar-curedHams. 133'13V4c; Mees Beef, $12 per
bbl : extra Mess. $13: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 6OJ?15: extra clear. $19; -Mess. $16 50-
Smoked Beef. 12%@13c rer lb. .
L\RD- Tierces quoted at 7ff Sc per lb for com-
The market continues In very fair shape.
There la no accumulation in anything, though
receipts of Apricots are fully up to the de
mand. Cherries are kept well cleaned up.
Green Pears and, Apples meet with little favor.
Gooseberries are in larger supply. Other ber
ries are steady at prices which are higher than
usual at this time of the year.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—40®6Cc per box for Pringles and
65®S3c for Seedlings and 73c@$l for Royals
APPLES— Green Apples, 60c per box and 50c
per basket and 90c@$l 60 for Red Astrachans
large b<»xes. . '
PEARS-Madellne, In large boxes. S3ciS$l- in
small boxes. 25@6Oc per box: In baskets. 40(ffSO<-
PLUMS— Clymans. 75c<g-*l 23 .per box an<i
crate: Cherry Plums, 25©40c for drawers and
60c for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES-$3 5C@3 per chest for larco
and J7ff9 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES-2H@4^c per lb for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— $5@S per chest
BLACKBERRIES-$8@1O per chest; from
Fresno. $1 per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES-$:@S per chest -•-
CURRANTS-$3®4 50 per chest.
FIGS— From Arizona. J1®1 50 per box
PEACHES— iOcfTJl per box and $1 per basket
CHERRIES— 40r 8 65c per box- for black- Royal
Anne. 503H5O In bulk. SH®5c for black and
2t3%o cer lb for white and Cflec for Royal
Anne. Receipts were 3163 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 £0^2 73
per box; PeeJlings. $1®1 75; Valencias. J3©J 50-
Lemons, Il@l 50 for common and $2fi"2 Si) for
good to choice; Mexican Limes S4fi3- Ba
nanas. $2©3 per bunch: Pineapples $3 Z0@i per
dozen, --i » ¦
Trices eeem pretty well established, for they
have not chanced for some ' little time. The
market for all descriptions is dull. Cheese be
ing the only article to exhibit any strength.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17@lSc; seconds,
1&516HC.
Dairy— Fancy, 16i516V4c; good to choice, 14®
15Hc: common. 13Hc.
CHEESE— New. "H^SHc; Young America, 9^
9%c; Eastern. 16@17c; Western. 15<§16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at,13S14c for store and 14S16c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two cars of Eastern *vere on the market, but
met with poor demand. Local stock was also
quiet, with a decline In Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOffllc for Gob
blers and UQiZMc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50: Goslings. U 2C<"<?1 50; Ducks. $4 503a
for old and J3Q6 foi> young: Hens, $4'34 00;
Young Roosters, $5 50j?6 SO; Old RoOBters, $3 50
(?4; Fryers. $4 50@5; Broilers. $3 50@4 50 for
large and $2<??2 50 for small; Pigeons, fl 50@l 75
per dozen for old and $1 £0(51 75 for squabs.
Poultry and Game.
Seeds remain motionless and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 20; small White. $3 25@
3 45: large White, $3 10@3 20; Pink. $2 5062 90;
Red. J3 25@3 BO; Blackeye. $3 6C®4; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $3 25@5 30; Pea, $3 40®3 £0; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 CO.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3V4c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2y.@3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy, 4@Hic
DRIED PEAS— NHes, $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are steady. Sllverskln
Onions came In, relllng at $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
Supplies of Vegetables continue plentiful,
but prices keep up very well.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 35®60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60@75c; New Potatoes, D0@75c In
sacks and ;.0'y$l 25 In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 90c®$l per ctl: Austra
lian. $3473 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 15@25c per doz;
Rhubarb, &Cg9Cc per box; Asparagus, 50c@$l
per box for No. 2 and $1 23@1 50 for No. 1 and
U 75@2 for fancy large; Green Peas, 75@S3c per
sack for common and $1®1 25 for Garden: String
Beans, 2®4V4c; Refugees. irij6c; Wax Beans, 4@
6c: Cabbaiye. 40<S50c; Tomatoes. 75c@Jl 23; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 407c; Dried Okra,
32Vic per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
6@7c; Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots, 23<g35c
per sack; Summer Squash, 505>75c per box for
Vacaville and $1@1 25 for Alameda; Cucum
bers, $2@3 for Alameda and Jlfil DO per box
for Marysville; new Garlic, 3V4@4c per lb.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for Beans are nominal and holders
are obliged to make concessions to effect sales.
Good old Hay Is firm and liable to continue
so, as most of, the Hay this year is .poor. The
farmers have generally ceased to send in their
new Hay, 'which is a good thing. Later on
there may be some demand for It, whereas at
present there Is none.
Feedstufts are steady and unchanged.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15<gl7 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; jobbing.
$27 E0<g2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal.
$25: Cracked Corn, ?25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 60.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good, $9 50
@10 for choice; Wheat'and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Oat,
$6<S8; Barley. $&@7: Alfalfa, $5@7 &0 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 60®5 50; Wheat,
?6<g7 per ton.
STRAW-25@37%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Quotations in these' goods change very little,
owing to the dullness In raw products.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60:53 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40#3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3 per barrel. '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 12 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Heal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25;
Farina. $4 DO; Whole Wheat Flour. ?3: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6<g7 25; in sacks, $5 75<g7: Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, ft 10 per
100 lbs. ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
14,000 ctls, 98Hc: 12.000. 9S»4c: 16.000, 98%c.
Second Session — December — 2CC0 ctls, 9S*»c.
Regular Morning Session — December — SOCO ctls,
9S»4c: 12,000, 98%c
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— The Indore takes for Gloucester
70,959 ctls. valued at J60.CG0.
. Dullness continues to prevail and sales are
few and small. Futures, however, are higher.
Feed, 6S?i®71V4c for No. 1 and 65®67%c for eft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75(gS0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 65c.
Regular Morring Session— December— 2000
ctls, eg-'Vjc: 4coo. 69^c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, C3',ic;
2000. 69c.
OATS^The market Is stejtjy but quiet. The
Government nibbles occasionally on Manila ac
count, but otherwise there is little inquiry.
AVhlte. $1 10(51 30; Red, $J1}1 20; Gray, $1 0754
@1 15; Black. $1®1 07H per ctl.
• CORN— The demand Is Flack and the market
is weak. Offerings are larger than they have
been.
Eastern large Yellow, $1 12',s@l 15 per ctl,
Eastern White. 97Hc©$l per ctl; Mixed. $1 15.
RYE— Is very dull at 95£i97M>c p«r ctl.
B UCKW H E A T-Xom Inal .
THE STOCK MARKET.
FOlt TUESDAY, MAY 29.
Flour, ar ska ... 23.254|Bran. sks 4S3
Wheat, ctls 4.4SO *ugar. sks 425
Barley, ctls 1.200 1 Wool, bales 45
Oats, ctls 45fl|Hay. tons 312
Rye. ctls 6 'Pelts, bdls 32S
Butter, ctls 560, Hides, no S41
rhcese. ctls 90|EgKS. <Joz 24.W0
Potatoes, sks ... 2,345 1 Leather, rolls ... 100
Onions, sks l.COOjWlne, gals 26,044
Middlings, sks '.. 20 i Lime, bbls '. 1S2
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 450
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows; Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16^17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood $17*3 18 for No. 1 and Jir.fi'.S for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $3 50©4; Pickets. J13; Shingles,
SI 75 for common and 12 73 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
SUGAR— Prices are higher. The Western
SuRar Refining Company quotes, per lb. In 100
lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
5.70c; Powdered. 5.30c; Candy Granulated, 5.30c:
Dry Granulated. 5.20c; Confectioners' A. 5.20c;
Magnolia A. 4.S0c; Extra C. 4.70c: Golden C,
4.C0c: barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, C0c more; CO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels. 5.95c; boxes, 8.20c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
7*ic per lb; White Lead, 737%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— J50S31 per flask for local
use and $151(46 for export.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil. In
cases. ISc: Astral, 19c: Star, 15c; Extra Star
Oil. 23c; rciutne, 24c; Eocene, 21c: Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; do, cases, 21c; Benzine,
in bulk, 14>>ic; do, cases, 20 1 ,ic: 88-degree Gaso
line, In bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 73c per gallon la
cases.
COFFEE— Costa " Rica— 14#l5Vic for prime
washed; 12@12fec for good washed: 13#14»*c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 11V4&12HC for
good to prime peaberry; ll@13V4c for good to
prime; 9<@10'4c for good curront mixed with
black beans; 9S10*ic for fair; 6Vj@SV.tC nominal
for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 10%'513e f or good to prime washed;
9%(81CHc for fair washed; 12(&13Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry; OVsftlOHc for good to
prime semi- washed; 9'iSlOUc for superior un
washed; — @9Vic for good green unwashed;
lC'iigllc for good to superior unwashed" pea
berry: 6i97%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13316c for prime to fancy washed;
WhWac for fair to strictly good washed; 8**
jayi4c- nominal lor good to superior unwashed;
101il0 : ic nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13*i*?l~%c for prime
to fancy washed; ll*»@13c for strictly good
washed; lO'.j'g'llHc for good washed; 9©10 l 4c
for fair washed; 7?i'&S*ic for medium: 6'g7Hc
for inferior to ordinary; lZMtilV+c for good to
prime washed peaberry; KK&llc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peat>-?rry: 9@9?«o nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2$330c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 2€^z27c; Sole Leather, light.
26W27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27#23c; Rough
Leather, light, 25<926e: Harness Leather, heavy.
S£6}33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30<g32c: Har
ness Leather, light, 23'{?30c; Collar Leather, 15
©16c per foot; Kip, finished. 40<g30c per lb;
Veal, finished. aCJiJoc: Calf, finished. 73c@*l 20;
sides, finished, lB'ttl7c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, 8*3 10c per lb.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
77c; raw. 70c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1, 49c; cases.
5c more: China Nut. 61:365c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, <k»c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; 'Whale Oil, natural white, 32Hc; Pa
clflc Rubber Mixed- Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, J23
2 35 per gallon.
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton: new Welling
ton, $8; Southflold Wellington, IS; Seattle. $8;
Bryant, $8; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $3; Co
operative Wallsend, IS; Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14: Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $3 45 per 2CC0 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Vic; Wool Bags. 2SH®32Vic;
Fleece Twine. 7V4c.
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large, S<g9c; small, 9<53%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6'4!&7c; ewes. 6SSHC per
pound.
LAMB-Spring, S',-2@9c; yearlings. 7H'SSc per
POKK— Live Hogs, 5*i£5Tic for small and
medium and C'^igsHc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5 I «Q'5- : c; dressed Hogs, TflSUc.
Veal and Lamb are firm at the revised quota
tions. Beef is steady at full figures. Mutton
and Pork stand about the same.
BEEF— 5Vi<86Uc per lb for fair to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides ere dull and weak at the decline al
ready noted. Wool Is neglected and unchanged.
There Is no talk about Hops, and the quotations
are nominal. Tallow is steady.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. 539HC; light, 9«9Hc;
Cowhides 9@9vic: Staes, 7c: Salted Kip. »c:
Calf, 10c: Do" Hides, sound, ISc: culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip ana Veal. 16c; Dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, Shearlings, 2nTi3Sc
each- short Wool. 33ST60C each; medium. 70f?90c:
long Wool, tvnil 1 ) each; Horse Hides, $232 50
for larze and 73c£$l 30 for small; Colts. 20®
CCc. DeersklnF— Summer or red skin?. 37Vic: fall
or -medium skins, 32Uc: winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 7Jc; large and
Fmooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4 1 54>ic refined, 6c: grease, 2Vi«?3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15UQ"17c: Northern defective, 13
©15c: Middle County, free. 15®17c: Middle
County, defective. 13gl5c: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12*: 13c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months', ll'fflSc; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months'. 10912?; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 206210; Nevada* U'S^c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at CQllc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
pound and 8%@9c for pure: half- barrels, pure.
9%c: 10-lb tins. 9^0: 5-lb tins. 10«£c.
COTTOLENE- Tierces, S%©SHc per 1b; hall
barrels. S%@S?ic; 10-lb tins, 9Uc
Hale & Norcrs. 23
Julia —
25 Utah 03 oa
02 'Yellow Jacket.. 14 18
TUESDAY. May 23—4 P. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 C3 (Justice 07 M
Alta C4 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes 05 07 Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher 20 2liMexican 25 28
Best <s Betcher 28 29 Occidental 10 12
Bullion C2 N Ophir &> j*
Caledonia 1 10 1 20 Overman IS M
Chollar 22 23 'Potosl 22 23
Challenge Con. 12 1* Savage 13 14
Confidence — 6.) Scorpion — 02
Con Cal Sz Va..l 43 1 50 • 3ej?' Belcher 01 C2
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 30 32
Con New York. — on, Silver Hill 31 33
Eureka Con — 60 ;St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 07 09 , Standard —4 w
Exchequer 01 CC Syndicate 06 OS
Gould & Curry. 14 13iUnionCon 20 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
2CO Chollar 21 ; 200 Potosl ~J
100 ChoUar 22 400 Silver Hill 32
200 Con Cal & Va..l 45 100 Standard * 90
500 Crown Point.... 09 1200 Utah »?
loo Gould & Curry. 15 975 Yellow Jacket.. 1»
300 Overman IS 4C0 Syndicate w
Afternoon Session
ICO Andes 06 • SCO Justice' ..... 03
SM> Belcher K> 400 Mexican 2>J
2ft> Best & Belcher. 26' 300 Mexican 2>
500 Best & Belcher. 27 300 Mexican 2..
700 Chollar 19 1 SCO Ophir S3
S0O Con Cal & Va..l 13 6W Potosi 20
MO Crown Point... OSl 3f<0 Savage 1J
20O Crown Point... 03 1 COO Ravage JJ
50O Gould & Curry. 14 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
JOO Justice -.. 07; 230 Sierra Nevada. 3J
Mcrnlnr Session
Following were the sales la the PaclCc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
1C0 Belcher 20| CHO Mexican 23
200 Best & Belcher. 26! SCO Ophlr 63
K*> Bu.'Iicn C2, 200 Potosl 20
400 ChoMar 21 ico Potosl 21
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 4O| .-¦
Afternoon Session
200 Alrha 04|CCOPctosl 29
400 Chollar U iCO Sf* Belcher 01
300 Con Cal & Va..l 4-"> ( 100 Scorpion ©2
200 Mexican 25 250 Sierra Nevada. •><>
300 Occidental 11! 23<> Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Occidental • 10 1 SM Silver Hill .... 33
1C0O Ophlr 53] 300 Utah OS
Mornins Session
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MIXING STOCKS.
Board—
1C0 National O & D Co • £»
200 Yukon «
100 American Fuel *?
Afternoon Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent Bonds.. ICt 2»
$3000 O Transit Co 6 per cent Bonds, s 1&I1S w
K.0CO S V 4 per cent Bonds. 2d mortgage. 1l3 l»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Eleven.
8
ARTICLES. |Hecelpts.!Sh
irtecelpts.iShipnns.
hlpm'ts
Flour, barrels 13.000
Wheat, bushels 35.000
Corn, bushels 314.000 I
Oats, bushels MO. 000 J
Rye. bushels S.OCO J .
Barley, bushels SI, COO |
.5.000
75. COO
223.000
232.000
' ilcoo,
ARTICLES. I Open. 1 High, j Low. IClose.
, _¦,,-•
Wheat No. 2— * i"
May 66 I fie 65vJ 6 6
JuU- .. C7 6TH GS*i 67'i
Corn Mo. 2 —
WaV 3CH »7% 36*. 37
September 37?
Oais No. 2— . ••¦ .•
»*»>• 21H 21»4 21fi 21%
beptembcr 20H
Mess pork, bb!— *
Ju »- V • • 1127VU130 1125 H27V4
I-ard. 100 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 S3 6 80 6 t">\i
bepteinlvr 6 SO S $2V* 6 60 6 S2U
Short ribs. 100 lbs— . "
July 6 UK 6 &2U 6471!, 6 &;"A
September 6 50 6 £2Vi 6 CO 6 S'Vi
"W EX>N'ES DAY. MAY 30.
Sun rises 4:50
Sun sets *:24
Moon gets 9:2* a. m.
~~B Time I Time I ITImel Time
£ Ft. Ft. ' [ Ft. Ft.
? L W H W I* W H W
_ I I ! i . ,
30 ... 6:43,-0.9 1:53 4.9) «:21 3.2
H Wl L W H W L W
31 ... 0:22! 5.7 7:30 —0.6 2:4* 4.S 7:19 3.3
1 ... 1:11 6.3 8:13—0.2 3:32 4.» 8:23 3.3
2 ... 2:03 4.8 8:55 0.3 '4:17 4.9 9:33| 3.3
3 .. 3-0? 4.3 9:33 0.8 4:39 8.0 10:32 3.9
4 ... 4:06 3.S 10:H 1.3 5:37 5.1
L, TV H W II, W H W
5 . 0:C2 2.71/5:13 3.6| 10:531 1.7| «:14| 5.X
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Gaeltc (China and Japan iMay 30
fcta>e of Cal Oregon Forts iMay :«>
Titanla INanalmo |May 30
Santa Rcsa 'San l>tego May U
Crescent City... Crescent City May 31
Projrreso Taccma May 5;
Matteawan Tacoma May 3t
Pomona ........ Humboldt May 31
Universe jOyster Harbor IMay 31
Marlpcsa iSydney IJune 1
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound June X
Point Arena.... [Mendocino June l
Del Norte jOreKon Ports June \
City of Sydney. '.Panama June X
Robt. Adamson. Xanalmo jJune I
Mackinaw Seattle.... June X
Wellington jOysfr Harbor I.Tune I
Luxor Hamburg- jJune 1
Coos Bay iXewport iJune '£
Arcata Coos Bay June 3
Columbia (Portland IJune 4
Cor^r.a 'San Dl^sco [June 4
North Fork JHumboldt IJune 4
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Uune 5
Bonlta INewport *
Umatllla I Victoria & Pusret Sound! June *
Steamer. 1 Destination. 1 Sails. J Pier.
| r „
North Fcrk.| Humbc.'dt JMay SO. 9am,'Pter 3
Australia ..iHonoluiu I.May 20. 2 pm PI-* 1
Benlt* iN'ewport I May 31. JamTlwll
Htr Pn»hl»'V«~ * Pgt Sd. ! V^v *1. 11 am-P'T "»
I?. Marlsoal'Mexico !M.iy 31. 4 pm Pier 13
Coqullle Rv(Grays Harbor|June 1. » i>™
Staler Oil' Portland i.Tune I HumiPJerCt
PantR Rosa.l^an T»e*o IJune I. 11 am Pier H
Pan .lose.... ICape Xome.... [June J. 2 pm Pier 31
Humboldt .lrape Nome....l-Tune 2. ] '2 am '^!' r -'*
Ncwburg ...IGrays HarborjJune 2. 5 pm.Pier IS
Del Xcrte-.iOreRon Ports. IJune 3. SarniPler?)
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. (June «. SpmPer 2
Coos Bay... Newport '.Tun- «¦ * » m P «• 11
Wai AValla.lVK- & P*t S.l.;.'une .-. g a ™;££r >*
Arcata I rocs Fay 'Jnnf 5. « m P eT IS
Corona IPan D!e>ro June « s 11 am Pier 11
Gaelic [China & Japan June 6. 1 pm ; PM»j
Columbia .. I Portland Jum- >. 11 ami Pier J4
ARTICLES. |Hecelpts.!Sh
irtecelpts.iShipnns.
hlpm'ts
Flour, barrels 13.000
Wheat, bushels 35.000
Corn, bushels 314.000 I
Oats, bushels MO. 000 J
Rye. bushels S.OCO J .
Barley, bushels SI, COO |
.5.000
75. COO
223.000
232.000
' ilcoo,
ARTICLES. I Open. 1 High, j Low. IClose.
, _¦,,-•
Wheat No. 2— * i"
May 66 I fie 65vJ 6 6
JuU- .. C7 6TH GS*i 67'i
Corn Mo. 2 —
WaV 3CH »7% 36*. 37
September 37?
Oais No. 2— . ••¦ .•
»*»>• 21H 21»4 21fi 21%
beptembcr 20H
Mess pork, bb!— *
Ju »- V • • 1127VU130 1125 H27V4
I-ard. 100 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 S3 6 80 6 t">\i
bepteinlvr 6 SO S $2V* 6 60 6 S2U
Short ribs. 100 lbs— . "
July 6 UK 6 &2U 6471!, 6 &;"A
September 6 50 6 £2Vi 6 CO 6 S'Vi
Steamer. 1 Destination. 1 Sails. J Pier.
| r „
North Fcrk.| Humbc.'dt JMay SO. 9am,'Pter 3
Australia ..iHonoluiu I.May 20. 2 pm PI-* 1
Benlt* iN'ewport I May 31. JamTlwll
Htr Pn»hl»'V«~ * Pgt Sd. ! V^v *1. 11 am-P'T "»
I?. Marlsoal'Mexico !M.iy 31. 4 pm Pier 13
Coqullle Rv(Grays Harbor|June 1. » i>™
Staler Oil' Portland i.Tune I HumiPJerCt
PantR Rosa.l^an T»e*o IJune I. 11 am Pier H
Pan .lose.... ICape Xome.... [June J. 2 pm Pier 31
Humboldt .lrape Nome....l-Tune 2. ] '2 am '^!' r -'*
Ncwburg ...IGrays HarborjJune 2. 5 pm.Pier IS
Del Xcrte-.iOreRon Ports. IJune 3. SarniPler?)
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. (June «. SpmPer 2
Coos Bay... Newport '.Tun- «¦ * » m P «• 11
Wai AValla.lVK- & P*t S.l.;.'une .-. g a ™;££r >*
Arcata I rocs Fay 'Jnnf 5. « m P eT IS
Corona IPan D!e>ro June « s 11 am Pier 11
Gaelic [China & Japan June 6. 1 pm ; PM»j
Columbia .. I Portland Jum- >. 11 ami Pier J4
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Gaeltc (China and Japan iMay 30
fcta>e of Cal Oregon Forts iMay :«>
Titanla INanalmo |May 30
Santa Rcsa 'San l>tego May U
Crescent City... Crescent City May 31
Projrreso Taccma May 5;
Matteawan Tacoma May 3t
Pomona ........ Humboldt May 31
Universe jOyster Harbor IMay 31
Marlpcsa iSydney IJune 1
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound June X
Point Arena.... [Mendocino June l
Del Norte jOreKon Ports June \
City of Sydney. '.Panama June X
Robt. Adamson. Xanalmo jJune I
Mackinaw Seattle.... June X
Wellington jOysfr Harbor I.Tune I
Luxor Hamburg- jJune 1
Coos Bay iXewport iJune '£
Arcata Coos Bay June 3
Columbia (Portland IJune 4
Cor^r.a 'San Dl^sco [June 4
North Fork JHumboldt IJune 4
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Uune 5
Bonlta INewport *
Umatllla I Victoria & Pusret Sound! June *
"W EX>N'ES DAY. MAY 30.
Sun rises 4:50
Sun sets *:24
Moon gets 9:2* a. m.
~~B Time I Time I ITImel Time
£ Ft. Ft. ' [ Ft. Ft.
? L W H W I* W H W
_ I I ! i . ,
30 ... 6:43,-0.9 1:53 4.9) «:21 3.2
H Wl L W H W L W
31 ... 0:22! 5.7 7:30 —0.6 2:4* 4.S 7:19 3.3
1 ... 1:11 6.3 8:13—0.2 3:32 4.» 8:23 3.3
2 ... 2:03 4.8 8:55 0.3 '4:17 4.9 9:33| 3.3
3 .. 3-0? 4.3 9:33 0.8 4:39 8.0 10:32 3.9
4 ... 4:06 3.S 10:H 1.3 5:37 5.1
L, TV H W II, W H W
5 . 0:C2 2.71/5:13 3.6| 10:531 1.7| «:14| 5.XFlint Estate Settled.
OAKLAND. May 23.— The final account
of Helen P. Lyrr.an. administratrix of the
estate of Emma P. Flint, deceased, has
been approved by Judge Greene and a
rtiptrlbutlon ordered. The heirs are E. P.
Edward D.. Alice M. and George M. Flint
Mao* D. Kurtz. Helen P. Lyman and
Emma B. Trobridge.
Funeral of Captain Thomas.
BERKELEY. May 23.— The funeral at
Will Manufacture Medicines.
OAKLAND. May 23.— Articles of incor
poration were filed to-day by. the Califor
nia Rhubarb Remedies Company, with a
capital stock of $100,000, of which amount
SCa.MO has been subscribed as follow?: Jo
seph Herrscher. H. A. Morin and Theo
dore Adams, $20,000 each; I. n. Llchten-
Ftein. JOGOO: J. Q^ Adams, jao. The cor
poration will manufacture medicinal prep
arations, with Its orlncipal place of busi
ness at San I.rar.dro.
0AKL-\ND. May 29.— That pretty Rose James might not go through life with a horribly disfigured countenance, she
has pa-«?ed successfully through one of the most remarkable skin-grafting operations of record In the public
work of the Oakland Receiving Hospital staff of surgeons.
Four weeks ago the young woman waa taken to the hospital in an. apparently dying condition. During a trol
ley party of Maccabees Miss James, while standing on the step of one car. was struck by a car approaching from the
opposite direction. The girl was thrown, headlong, with much violence through a car window. Her face was cut Into
shreds. Her right cheek was torn out of her face, and this portion of flesh was found the following day on the street
Car floor.
By desperate work of the surgeons the young woman's life was saved. But the injuries were such that unless
heroic methods were used, her face must have healed under most distressing circumstances. -The flesh would have
been contracted, and would have twlated the injured right side Into a wretched disfigurement. The surgeons found
only one way to meet the situation. They decided to transplant or graft new skin upon the ugly wounds.
The skin of the under side of the right arm was selected for the operation. By delicate surgical work the skin of
the arm was lapped upon the wounded cheek, and after proper adjustment the arm was set rigidly upon the face
In a plaster cast. ThVre it remained immovable for nine days. When It was removed yesterday the operation was
found to have been a signal success. The new tissue had been absorbed by the wound, and within a few weeks, the
surgeons say, the healing process will be complete. The girl's features will be impaired slightly by a small scar,
where the sutures were, but even thesa will disappear in time. There will be barely a trace of the ugly and extensive
wound she suffered.
To accomplish thi3 remarkable result sixteen square inches of skin and tissue were removed from the arm and trans
planted upon the cheek. The girl suffered Intensely at times during the period of grafting, but she had the constant
care of Hospital Steward Brochert, and Miss Hull, a trained nurse, has also been in constant attendance, and they
did much to relieve her pain. ¦ - ¦
The case from a surgical point of view was unusually interesting. In that so large a surface was covered. The or
dinary skin-grafting. operation of taking small pieces from various. portions of the body would avail in this case
because of the nature of the wound and the difficulty to be overcome, the main purpose being to leave as slight
record of the Injury 33 possible. The wound caused by the removal of the skin from the arm is healing as success
fully as that upon rhe face. ... . . ps£|Sl|3lS|j|9^gtf&
The operation was conducted by Dr. "William 8. Porter, assisted by Dr. R. T. Stratton. Dr. J. L. Milton, president
of the Alameda County Medical Society; Dr. Charles Rowe, Dr. E. N. Ewer and Dr. Sanborn.
HFR RFAIITY SAVFF) RY
MRS. SLiCER SCORES A
POINT IN DAMAGE SUIT
OAKLAND, May ».— Judge Hall has
overruled th» demurrers of all the de
fer.dant* except John R. Tregloan in the
damage suit of Cera E. Slicer and others
against the Alameda Macadamizing Cora
ji«ny. The suit was brought several
months ago, the plaintiffs alleging fraud
on the part of the directors of th» macad
amizing company. It was claimed that
darrases to the amount cf $32,000 were
sustained by reason of the directors ap
propriating money to form the Bay Reck
Company; that $30 /«*) damages were sus
tained by reason of the formation of the
Piedrn- nt Paving Company; and $26,000
damages in disposing of the real and per
poral property cf the latter company. Be
side* these sums $l2..vi~ was asked because
cf the alleged fraudulent acts of C. D.
Bates and A. T. Arrowsmlth.
New Schooner Launched.
OAKLAND, May 20.— The schooner Wil
liam Olsen was launched to-day from
Hay Sz Wright's shipyards.
Elks Will Play Ball.
OAKLAND. May 23.— The Elks Lodgre
has acepted the challenge of the Nile Club
to play a game of baseball at Golden Gate
President of Alumni.
BERKELEY. May Z3.-Edward Bull
Clapp. professor of Greek in the Univer
sity of California, has been elected presi
dent of the California-Yale Alumni Asso
ciation. The other officers are William M.
Ncwhall. '76. vice president; Nathaniel L.
Wilson, '31. treasurer: executive commit
tee members. Frank L. Owen, '£9, and
Wiilard.N. Drown. '9*5.
Closing Exercises.
The closing exercises of the schools of
the Alliance Francaise will be held on
Sunday afternoon. June 3, In Native Sons'
Hall. There will be an interesting pro
gramme of exercises and distribution of
prizes. Jules Lambla, president of the
Mlianee and Alphonse Bousquet. secre
tary, will preside during the afternoon.
Mining Company Incorporated.
OAKLAND, May 29.^The Harvest Home
Mining Company has been Incorporated
with a capital stock of $200,000. The direct
ors of the corporation have subscribed
$1'V>.000. apportioned aj> rollows: F Barne
koff. $7O.IXW; J. W. Miller, J2O.W0; W. Lair
Hill. $10,000: J. F. Sheehan. S250>); F W,
Baker. $2300. General mining operations
will be carried on. The company's ofilce
will be. located In Oakland.
Civil Service Examtaations.
The United States Civil Service Com
nvs.-ica /anr: ounces »hat examinations will
l«e held In this cltv and elsewhere as fol
¦Icn :•".-¦.
¦Assistant £';rgeon— July 13. 11. HOC. Salary. St
T^r ¦-¦ diern. ¦ PcsHIotj at Immigration Commis
t.^er't OfBf*. nil:s Island. N. Y".
.-J.ir TJrtwhtfmia an.i Assistant Fhip
: -"-»«=rT.an — July 1?. 11.12. VS. IS^X). Po*itSctJB:
:-' vet :>-'.2.nd. J4 :$ per <l:em: Portsisouth. N.
'.: .. ttlafir 15 p>*r ¦Ilerr: Elizabeth. N. J.', salary
J» ;<~.r d;«n; Kcrfo'.k. Va., !4 per diem; Union
ETtirkx. fan Franciico. Ca!.. salary t* per
. C" : ~T; ¦ . ' -¦ .
; r--j-'j'-«aral 8te*l DnurhKmSa — Jaly 29. U.
I,*"'.. Z^izionr: Nary -yard, V.'a*h:nston, D. C,
; r*i-ry F| ;»r «:<t..
• :!?r*',ij:!.Tnr.3n. Grr.eral L-ir.d Office Service—
¦3d? :¦:. Ti. Po«ltl.'-n»: Draughtsman ?atr»ror
«t>-n»rs;« eCSec. grtw. l!unt_. ralary »1»CT p»r
. • ¦ .: B.r.<I I.'i\;yttr<fiT!an 6arr«>yrT G« a n«>r«.r»
• '.' ~f. Fa'.t Ljike Ci:;-, Utah, salary JK<03 p»r
aatrara.
. Architectural ar.a Etrj'-tural Ft^l Drsurtt*
n^n-July ::. 13. U. ivn. Positlcn at li->rton.
. Sli^fc. Salary ?4 rer <^!em.
Perrons who desire to cornr>Pte should
at ence apply to the United States Civil
Bexrfrc ComaUilon, Wa-hirgton. D. C
for implication farms 234 and 273. which
e^'Jid be r ipgyty executed and promptly
f:l'd with th« rommiffinn.
OAKLAND. May t$.— Mrs. Mary I. Shaw
has applied for letters of administration
on the estate of her husband. Frank J.
Shaw, the engineer who was killed in the
wreck at Alameoa Point a week ag->. The
estate Is estimated to be worth about
$210y. Besides the wjdow the heirs are
the children, Frank J.. Allen R.. Herbert
\\\. HaroJd V.. George L... Edith S..
Esther H. and Roy B. Shaw, all of whom
are minors.
Letters of administration on the estate
cf Henry Wetzel, who was Shaw'n Jire
man and who met death In the overturned
cab with him. have been asked for by the
widow. Elizabeth Wetzel. The estate con
sists of real estate, mining stock and an
interest in certaSn patent riehts.N>f the
total value of $1000. The heirs are the
widow and the mother cf the deceased.
Mr?. Elizabeth Kuzniek, who resides at
Glard, Clayton County. Iowa.
TRAIN-WRECK VICTIMS
LEAVE SMALL ESTATES
Larg^ Sale of Heal Estate.
OAKLAND. May 29.— A deed has been
filed with the County Recorder 'showing
the ?ale by R. \V. Cryan and C. A. Clark
of 101 acres at the end of New Broadway
to Arthur P. Holland of the firm of
Stocker & Holland. The consideration is
placed at $10. but from the amount of
revenue stamps attached to the document
the price paid must have been about
$23,000.
A regular championship ball game will
be played at Recreation Park this after
noon by the Oaklands and San Fran
clscos. Both teams suffered disaster last
week, and they will now flight It out for
last place. Although the Friscos succeed
ed in winning a close game against the
Stocktons Sunday afternoon. Manager
Harris is by no means laboring under the
delusion that he has a ball team. But
there never was such a dearth of good
ball players out of a Job as at the pres
ent moment. He could easily get players
to experiment with, but that would be a
dangerous thing to do at this stage of
the league race. Some days ago he was
in communication with Arthur O'Dea of
last season's San Jose team, who is
now in Pueblo, and who expressed a de
sire to come to this city. His terras were
accepted and then he changed his mind,
saying the conditions had changed at
Pueblo.
OAKLAND AND FRISCO TO
MEET ON LOCAL DIAMOND
Insane Over Religion.
OAKLAND, May 23.— Otto Nunen
macher, a teamster emploved by Rouse
Brothers, was committed to-day to the
State Hospital for tho Insane at Agnewa
by Judge Ogden. Drs. Olmstead and Mil
ton examined Nunenmacher and declared
him Insane. Nunenmacher Is 30 years old
and has lived In Oakland for a number of
years. His Insanity Is due to religion.
He Imagines that he is too wicked to live
and refuses to eat.
C0NGREGAT10NALISTS TO
HAVE ANNUAL PICNIC
OAKLAND, May 23.— The annual picnic
of the First Congregational Church Sun
day-school will take place Saturday at
Leona Heights. Among the amusements
will be a baseball game at 2:30 o'clock
between the following teams:
Married men— Pitcher, A. H. Breed;
catcher, M. Jennings; rirst base. Rev. C.
R. Brown; second base. Cary Howard;
shortstop. F. F. Barbour; third base,
C. Z. Merritt; left tield, John Adams;
right field. F. S. Stratton; center field, L.
E. Boardwan.
Unmarried men— Pitcher. Stuart Haw
ley; catcher. Julian Whitman; rlrst base.
Jewe'tt Earl: second base. Wyl'.is Collins:
shortstop. Charles Stuart; third base,
Harry Kiefer; left field, Reno Hutchin
«on: right Held. Will Jordan; center
field. Leroy Brlggs.
The umpire will be R. H. Chamberlain.
and the substitutes F. M. Parcells, Frank
Leach. William King. J. II. Lawrence, P.
U. Fowler and II. R. Jones.
Mrs. Lane Amends Complaint.
OAKLAND. May 29.— Mrs. Charlotte
Lan» has tiled an amended complaint in
her action to recover J25.000 damages from
llrs. Annie Spears for the alleged aliena
tion of her husband's affections. The
complaint as amended recites certain
technical facts omitted in the original. {
Mrs. Spears, who is a wealthy widow past I
middle age, is accused of having led Ed- i
¦ward Lane away from his wife and fam- !
Ily of five children.
ALAMEDA. May 23.— Miss Dollle Tar
pey. the daughter of M. F. Tarpey. the
mine-owner, made a brave effort to save
a little girl on a runaway horse to-day
and narrowly escaped serious injury her
self. Mabel Smith, a 12-year-old child.
was riding a horse on Santa Clara avenue,
.when she dropped the reins and the ani
mal started to run.
Miss Tarpey, who was riding her own
horse, had her attention called to the run
away by the cries of the little girl, who
was clinging to the pommel and shrieking
at the top of her voice. With each shriek
the horse increased his pace. • Miss Tar
pey rode alongside and. with great dex
terity and bravery, managed to pick up
the reins and tried to stop the animal,
but with poor success. She tried to get
the younger girl to take the r«>lns, but
the child was too frightened. Miss Tar
pey continued her efforts for fully half a
mile, until her strength gave out and her
horse threatened to become unmanage
able. Just then the runaway animal
shied and tore Itself free from Miss Tar
pey's grip. It ran a few blocks more and
then turned into a stable, and the Smith
girl was caught Just as she fainted and
fell from the horse.
MISS DOLLIE TARPEY
TRIES TO STOP RUNAWAY
OAKLAND. May 21— The Hebrews .ire
preparing for the celebration on Sunday
of the day of Pentecost. The First Hebrew
Congregation will have an augmented
choir and a full orchestra under the direc
tion of W. J. McCoy. The confirmation
class is as follows: Dora Keller, Sadie
Klngolsky, Leah Bernstein. Sadie Pan
tosky. Far.nie Silverstein, Francis Cohn.
Minnie Coffee, Lucie Jacobs. Phil Rlngol
sky. and Arthur Cerf. The ladies' auil
iary will decorate the synagogue. The
congregation invites the public to attend
the services, which b«>srln at 9:C0 a, m.
HEBREWS TO OBSERVE
DAY OF PENTECOST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. May 29.
Seattle will be the next meeting place of
the Congregational Congress of the Pa
cific Coast. This was the decision of the
congress before its adjournment this
afternoon. A committee of four — Rev.
H. H. Wyckoff of San Francisco. Rev. C.
B. Sumner of Los Angeles, Rev. A. W.
Ackerman of Portland, Or., and Rev. J. F.
Nichols of Seattle — was appointed to per
fect arrangements for the session to be
held at Seattle three years hence. .
The closing exercises were held this after
noon in the First Congregational Church.
The Rev. Jonathan Edwards of Spokane,
an eloquent speaker and a student of
sociology, delivered an able addross on
"Among- Ourselves," which was one of a
series under the general topic of "Cul
tivation of. Fellowship." He was follow
ed by the Rev. Alfred Bayley, formerly of
Oakland, who took for the subject of his
discourse "With Other Christians."
"Benevolent Activities" was discussed
by the Rav. Philip Coombe of San Fran
cisco, who paid that in his opinion the
church was not eiven full credit for all
its benevolent enterprises. His plea wa»
for better organization.
The Kev. E. L. Smith of Seattle read a
well-written paper on the subject of
"Special Work for Men." He analyzed
the causes contributing to the small pro
portionate attendance of the men In
churches. One of the principal reasons
for this state of affairs was the great
number of men's clubs and fraternal or
ganizations. Then there was the deterio
ration In ministerial standards. This, the
speaker felt, was largely due to the fact
that men have ceased to feel that the
churches can offer them anything serious
ly needed. Another thing contributing to
the apathy of men toward the church was
the tremendous Influence of the daily pa
per Because of the dally paper, he said,
the layman was as well if not better In
formed than his pastor.
Owing to Illness the Rev. J. F. Davies of
San Francisco, who was to have read an
important paper, was unable to be pres
ent.
Committee Is Appointed to Arrang«
for the Meeting, Which Will
Be Held Three Years
Hence.
Delegates in Session at Oak
land Selects the North
ern City.
CONGREGATIONAL
CONGRESS WILL
GO TO SEATTLE
to-morrow. The challenge was submitted
in verse and the Elks have replied in kind.
The Elk players are: William S. Dunn. W.
D. Curtis. Charles Hart. Henry Hook.
Charles Hannan. Louis Jones, Joseph Kel
ley, C. McCleverty, N'orris O'Nell. Sub
stitutes: Hon. George W. Reed, Hon.
George E. de Golin. Dr O. D. Hamlln.
Hon. A. T. McDonough. Hon. H. A. Mel
vin. Hon. F. P. McFeely. Dr. E. H. Wool
sey Hon. Chartes S. Pugh, Hon. E. H.
Benjamin.
the late Captain Richard P. Thomas, who
died yesterday morning, took place from
his late residence in Xorth Berkeley this
afternoon. Tho funeral was under the
auspices of Oeorge H. Thomas Post, G.
A. R., of San Francisco, and the Com
panions of the Loyal Legion of Honor.
Rev. F. L. Hosmer of the First Unitarian
Church conducted the services. The In
terment was held in Mountain View Cem
etery.
CLOSING EXERCISES
OF NOTRE DAME
ALAilEDA, May 23.— The closing exer
cises of the pupils of the Academy of
Notre Dame were well attended this
morning. The programme throughout wa3
well rendered and was a very fair ex
ample of the sisters' careful training
Miss Luci'.le Radcliffe received the gold
medal and silver medals were awarded to
Misses Clauuine Cotton and Blanche Goni
raet- Following was the programme:
¦"WTien Life Is Brightest" CPias-jti). vocal
j c'.a5s-s. arcoirpaEiM, Miss C. Cotton; "The
i Piir.ter cf Seville" (recitation). Misses A.
Koorfit, A. Joa<»s. C. Cotfn, A. Hall, I. Klein,
C. O'Neill: "Salut a Pesthe" (Kowalskl),
M:s=es W. Hutton. C Cotton. L. Ikin. E. .-her
| tanf: n-.ot:.in sor.is, little ones. aco>mj>anist.
I Miss L>. iIcQje«ten; "Alpine ilells* i Herbert).
1 Misses M. B-vin, N. Hutton, E. N'cble. C.
• T»f'li«. M. Dcrn. B. Gominet: "The Runaway
¦ Train" pupils cf grammar classes;
far.tasie brilllante <Sm!th. Op.
t'.nMruineEtaJ sold. Mi!«3 C. Cotton; award cf
m«^ials; e<-aj-f drill. , pupils cf preparatory
du««>; "Lea Cha.«seresaes" (Bordese). man
tolins, Miss J. Scully. L. R»dciiCfe. C. Cotton,
M. T. Roelants, C. Whatljy, piano Miss A.
Sh^rbarcc: -The Sir«-.f" Jrecitatlnn). Mtss A.
J<-*»«; award cf certificates: 'Silver Trum
pets" <Vjviani>. Mtss«s E. Sherbarn*. M. T.
R.-«:ants. L. Ikin. I* ItaacllCe, C. Cotton, A.
Sherbuni"*; "Choeur Finale," vocal class**, ac
rrmpan'.sts, Missen L. Ikin. W. Hutton; "IIus
sarer.itt" <=pin<ll<»r). Misses C Wbatley. M.
Berta. J. Wentz, L. RadrrlifTe. M. T. Ro*:ants.
A. Sr-erbMrne. I- ISin. Studies will be resumed
Weenesday. Aug-ast l, 1S0O.
croachment of these beasts upon civiliza
tion was one of the weighty questions
that must soon be met and solved.
An ordinance declaring the hares a nui
sance Inside of the fire Iimit3 is being
prepared for future action, while Mr. Van
Luven Is on the warpath. He declares
he would leave Oakland, it is said, if he
could find any place not infested by Bel
gian hares.
This is the first legislation that has been
asked for or attempted against this new
and growing industry.
of his tenants were moving out of his
houses because an enterprising rabbit
man had established his place of business
in one of them, and he could not get him
or the odor of the rabbits out. The dis
gusted citizen had previously- told his
troubles to the Board of Health, but they
could do nothing, and so he referred the
matter, to the Council.
Councilman Girard championed the fight
against the rabbits and declared the en-
OAKLAND. May 29.— The first move
in Oakland against the Belgian
hares was made before the City
Council last evening, when Charles
Van Luven of 137J 1 * Broadway asked that
body to adopt an ordinance declaring
these muchly advertised animals a nui
sance within the city limits. Mr. Van
Luven had tons of Belgian hare troubles
which he tried to unload upon the City
Council. He told the councilmen that all
CHARLES B. OVERACKER
WILL ONCE MORE WED
OAKLAND. May 2?.— It is said that
Charles B. Overacker of Niles, who wa3
divorced only a few weeks ago. will
marry Miss Edna Hammer, the school
teacher of that place. Mr. Overacker se
cured a separation on the proands of de
sertion from his wife, who was a sister
of Mrs. Howard Gould. As soon as a
few little detaiia can be arranged Miss
Hammer will give up her Niles school
and the wedding will take place. Her
home is In this city, though she ts at
present at Nlles. At her mother's house
the family refused to say anything abou:
the coming wedding.
Mr. Van Luven Takes Warpath Against the Spreading Belgian Hare
ENRAGED WIFE
HORSEWHIPS A
YOUNG WOMAN
Miss Ida Washburn Flaye"d
by Spouse of Engineer
Charles Clark.
Artsntions cf the Southern Pacific
Eraploye Said to Hare Been Di
rected Away From tie
FamUy Hearth-
'-•a-niana once San Francljco Call.
1US Broadway. May -y.
An ar.jrry wife, a horsewhip and a' badly
Crigbteaed young woman were the prin
cipal eitraeats !n a lively episode which
yccurrfd yesterday afternoon at the
fcoarCing-hcus* of Mrs. A. Harriett. N~:nth
a^ ue - near Eas t Eleventh street.
The weapon la question was wielded by
11 rs. Char.es Clark, wife of one of the
locomotive engineers in the
Pacific employ. Her victim was
*u***I£a Washbum. who resides at the
noardmg-house. which Is likewise the
present residence of Er.*ri»eer Clark. The
cause of the horse-whipping incident is.
.according to Mrs. Ciark. tte undue at
tention which the claims her husband has
teen raying to the object cf her attack.
on the other hand Miss Washbsra de
clares Lhat ilrs. Clark s attitude is en
t:reiy uncalled for. and that she !s
troubled with a jealousy which warps her
;udgzaer:t beyond the bounds of reason.
At any. rate. Ilrs. Ciark went on the
¦warpath yesterday afternoon, and armed
fcerself with a big whip, which she car
ried carefu!Iv crjitcealed usder the folds of
an ample elbak. She repaired cijrertly to
the East Oakland hostelry, where she
icfund the other vomaa la the case. Then
the fur Hew. A? soon a« the two women
xr.et there was a quick. Eh*.rp as«auit. The
«lH.Tl>nn*l wife p'.-ed her whip, while M..-s
VTasbbozn screamed in fright at the rod
c- n and unexpected attack. The enraged
i ffitor was stopped by the Interference of
others at the house, ar.d she was induced
f It?: to depart.
\Tte Clark troubles are quite long Ttar>«S
l::g". Mrs. dark, •with a son and a daugn
ter,. : has b?ea residing at UK Eighth
? • - . while her husband has been mak
1r-Z his home at the Ea^t Oakland board
ir.£r-i:ot:se. He has a reputation in rail
r«. kg circle? as a brave engineer. For
>sv:r.g a train-load of passengers during
: • reft f.re in the Sar.ta Cruz Mountain*
« wa« pive^ a handsome ffoll watch by
• "¦•'.• rescued travelers.
There was .bo disposition among tho««
. •¦ : ¦ rued in the family dlfDcvltT to eiab
:<srate ur>or. the causes. Mrs. Clark de
ibnr^i with rr.urh vehemence that she had
v 5 her Kast Oakland rival exactly as
>h> ..i^.-^rved to be handled. M lss Was^"
roteateervd no explanation beyond
aJsStatexnmt That Mrs. Clark was insanely
<-{ her husband-
RUti ON THE COLUMBUS
BANK A BIG FIZZLE
Plenty of Money en Hand for All of
the Faint-Hearted De
pesitors.
. rCotai;hftan.!;r.g the assurance of con
iStebgyT'tn the Columbus Savings Bank
Si C4 WasMrgton street by some of the
'. ';fcef* business men la the city, the run
¦¦¦wai continued yesterday by some of the
tuir^-h-artril ivposlicrs. To be sure, the
T"j~r. ill not as heavy as on the preced
,•-,! day. but :t was raf&ctCBl to niake
¦¦-t#-i:s:r>?8-s -.a little heavier than usual.
¦' Th<* officer? of the bank were equal to
tifce emergency. President J. R- 1'ugazi
and /Director I. W. Hainan stood beside
-..- ;_>::.£ teller and laughingly en
i. -raped all who wanted their money to
take ft . and take all to their credit. In
: -t'.s vras the rule. Each depositor
esking-.tot coney was required to draw
are value of h'.s book. ever, though
unbent reached into the thousands.
: run on the bar.k in the start was.
i- • :« believed, brought about by enemies
v. : • wlxbed to Injure the Institution by
tv raiding the rumor that the bank waj
v- t-ur.i. The bank officials' action In !n-
V~':r.e that frightened depositors take all
.•r.dng to them was their way of show
::c the har.k> «tr«ig-th-
Avftii t'.f.'.^-'j w.t over from the Nevada
Sank, and the srsurar.ee of a like amount
if needed from the Swlfs-Italian Bar.k, to
eajr nothing of over £30.000 in government
bonds and other securities in Its own
¦vaults, the Columbus had nothing to fear.
Th«» run gradually pubsided. the frtght
*a«d depositors being ashamed of their
fears. ¦¦
Dir.?rnnre of the Bar.k Cotn
rrii^sior: 6ta*e<i that the commission re
piird* tr.* ' 'oiumbas Hank as one of the
- ten In the State, and that there
is cot the s.:!ch*< v n reason for the State's
oSceft to concern themselves about its
; T' ,-.:-«. He r^jards the run at its wcrst
ce u'.rr.p\y crtjcyi-g. not serious.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. May 2>.
Quong Tong and Lee Toi. laborers on
a Pleasanton beet farm, quarreled last
night over a debt. Yong split Toi's head
open with a hatchet and Tol managed to
land a hot right-hand swing with a
bottle on his yellow • opponenfs head.
but he received so much the worst of the
affray that he was removed after the
battle to the County InSrraary in a se
rious condition. Yong disappeared, but
Deputy Sheriff Gecrge Wales was sent
to capture the murderous hatchet
wielder.
A Chinese boss who Interfered during
the fight narrowly escaped a bad cut
ting. Yong wanted the field to himself
and made a drive at the foreman with
hi3 hatchet, but the boss Chinaman fled
in terror.
The encounter occurred in a hut on
the ranch near town. A surgeon ax
Pleasanton took thirty-six stitches In
Toi's wounded head before sending him
to the hospital. Ton? 13 supposed to
have made h!3 way to San Jose or to San
Francisco.
Weapon-Wielder Disappears After
Inflicting Wounds Which May
Have a Fatal End — Offi
cers in Pursuit.
CHINESE HAVE A
VICIOUS FIGHT
AT PLEASANTON
Farm Laborer Splits Open
Companion's Head With
a Hatchet.
Organizations of Carpenters and Ce
ment-Workers Are Flourishing
and Increasing 1 in Mem
bership.
Oakland Office San Frar.cSsco Call.
HIS Broadway. May 23.
The miltmen of this city have demanded
an eight-hour workir.? day. A resolution
to that effect has been passed by Mi!l
mon's Union Xo. 550 of the Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners. The mill-own
ers of Oakland will be notified of the ac
tion cf the union, and no opposition is
expected by the journeymen.
A communication has been sent from
the Building Trades" headquarters notify
in? carpenters and contractors of the
stand for the shorter day. It states that
on and after August 13 eight hours shall
constitute a working day. with no reduc
tion in pay. Overtime and Sundays shall
be rated as time and one-half. Work on
Christmas, the Fourth of July. Labor day
and Washington's birthday shall be paid
for at double the ordinary wage.
As reasons for their action the mill
workers declare that the Millmen's Union
of San Francisco has passed a like reso
lution: that outside carpenters work but
eight hours a day, and that millmen are
the only men in the building trades who
work longer than that. Both the Oakland
and San Francisco union3 have passed
resolutions refusing to use any mill work
coming frcm a mill that shall be workins
more than eight hours each day after
A'Jjrust 13.
The cement-workers are Increasing the
membership of their union at every meet
ing. Eleven men were initiated at the
last meetlner. and a number of applica
tions are under consideration. When these
have been acted upon the union will in
clude fully SO per cent of the workers at
the trade in Alameda County. •
At the last meeting of the carpenters
seventeen new members were taken into
the unton. The organization has Increas
ed In membership during the past few
months until it now numbers nearly 300.
Employers Are Notified of
the Action of the
Union.
MILLMEN WANT
WORKING DAY OF
EIGHT HOURS
MAY F. HILBURN
WANTS DAMAGES
FROM MARISTANY
She Says He and His Wife
Maliciously Caused Her
Arrest.
The Yoiiag Dressmaker Wants Ten
Thousand Dollars for Five
Hours' Imprisonment in
Alameda Jail.
•a
Oaklar.d Office San Francisco Call.
1US Broadway. May 29.
As halm for the injuries alleged to have
been sustained because flf 7 her arrest and
Imprisonment on a charge of petty lar-
ccny. Mri. May F. Hilbura wants J10.0O0 in ]
gold coin. Sa>? brought suit to-day in the j
Superior Court against Joseph Maristany I
and his wife. Annetto. for that amount, j
olaiinins thai they maliciously contrived
to have hor arrested and lockoti up in a j
cfll at the Alameda City prison.
In the complaint filed this afternoon by I
Attorneys Gibson & \Vooln«" it is allege! \
that on May IS the defendants went be
tore Justice of the Peace H. T. Morris of
Alamefla and swore to a complaint charg- j
ir.er Mrs. HflbUrn with embezzling $23 and j
a?ked fnr her arrest on a charge of petty j
larceny. This, the plaintiff declares, was
done without cause and was prompted by
the desires of Maristany and his wife to
have her placed in jail that she might be
subjected to humiliation.
The your.? dressmaker declares that al
though she was found guiltless of the
charg-e of stealing money from her em
plover she suffered severely from the |
necessity of having to appear for three |
days in an open coBrtroom before the
eye.- of the curious multitude. Not only
was it degrading for her to be placed on
exhibition as an impecunious thief, but It
was necessary for her to pay attorneys
to defend her. Mrs. Hllbum claims to
have thus expended f!50.
During her five hours in the Alameda
jail, according to the fair plaintiff, she
was compelled to undergo many hard
ships of both mind and body.
LEGISLATION WANTED TO
CONTROL THE BELGIAN HARE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30/1900.
:•>
Martha
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND BERKELEY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
9
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY OSLO CO , ££?*
POPTABLH lOL'SHS.
r-lTRNnAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Wa»h!3gton
ar.d 1st *ts.. Oakland, er Bulldei-s' Ex.. K. F.
OPOCEPIE^s.
CHOOERinP. prnV.flonis. t»t:t»: packed. «i::ppea
free. EBARBOEO & CO.. CT1 Mistgorn«ry.
TANKS.
TANKS— PsrtS? Tank Co.. tnarr'acturer* 2S
l>»le st. B F.: Hi E. S3 »t.. Is* Angei^s.
ENGINES.
In'rtcck. rt»*m, c*«. ga*cIlR»: full line- -jf-,
gr1g»t. " Aserican Mirs. Aesn.. M FrVniont!
..„:.. GOLT SEPARATOR.
.Eureka Separator and Ama!ramat=r; pan mj.
: turn: J.n cperatioa X Beale »t
DSEDGEirj J LMPS.
CCr r 7 t Jl :U^i.. t " JS^ * r ' **~* " Cape Nome.
«re >fu. Better tcy eae; Just th« pump tor
fr»v»!; ha» Sr.*»rrrhar.*.«abi# r«rts W T
(.ARRAT? *: CO.. ccr. Kr«m;nt and Natcrca.'
SAND CEMRIFLGAL PUMPS.
I4flt f \ft\' '* M a ***&B* jurar*. the cr.!y
JAVIVJU.'I ininr.? mtnufectured.
«-* Sixth et.. tan Francisco.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY nnd 5UPPL1E5.
OLR GOLD DPFIXjlNa PUMPS
fL'OjTifMi, »ucc^«sra: at Noss« l»*t
UUJUK J>=*r. All ethers failed. In opera-
tion daily. * Stevenscn st.. S. K.
OCTEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»Nome
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel S:*a=3h!p
Wilt sail from Seattle and Tacotsa Juae n.
July :: and August ST. The SENATOR. saiJ-
iztg July Zl. vlll mak» an Excursion Trip v!a
the Inland passas*. and after land'or *t Notn«
will ronttnoe north thro' the Beh.-iaj Straits,
past East Cap« ca th« Siberian coast, croaslnc
the Arctic Circle, passmr Into th# Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect tin
Senator befor* purchasta* tickets Tla otlwr
¦teamen, as ttt second-class asd steerage ao-
corcmodatiooa »r* gnjenc- to ta» Crst-dam
accommodattoBa on. rr.es: of the steamar* ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running its steamers to
A'ssfca — winter and suramer — for IS years aad
ts the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For furthw
Information Inqnlre of J. F. TROWBRIDGB.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.: N. POSTON. 1O
Washington St.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRI9.
124 Weot SUrond St.. Ucm Angeles. CaL: GOOD.
ALU PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts.. V> Market
*t. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery st.,
Ean Frasdscoi ."*¦'*
THE ALASKA EXPLOHATIOH COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAM FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-ksoim "Alaska Flyer" aad most
popular boat In th» Alaska service.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSTTTVX SAILING
SATURDAY JUNE S
FROM STEUART-STREET WHAKB" at »
O'CLOCK A. M. SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second ««^^^r
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
For freight and passenger rates asply at
TCeAUSKA EXPLORATIOH CO.. !39 Port St.
AMERICAN LINE.
VSw* T02Z. BOtrra A3C?TC5. L0HD05. P1Z1JL
Stepping at Cberbonrjr. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 a. n.
St. Paul Jnn* «'St. Lools Ja!y 4
St. Louis Jane UNiir York July IX
St. Paul JuneK.St. PaaJ -July U
RED STAf* Uf«2.
Wew YorV arjd Antw;-,
From New York 9vtrr Wednesday. 13 noon.
Noordland June CiWestemland ..June 27
Friesland June 13 Kensington July i
Soutirwark June KiNocrli&nd Jaly 11
LMPIP.£ LINE.
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to .Voat and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings froai
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael aad Yukon Rlv«r
Potnts. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
aad other Information arply to
EMPIRE TRANPOP.TATION CO..
I m Mor.tgcm«ry Street.
BAY AND BIVEB STEA3TEBS.
FOB U. S. NAYY YARD AMD YALLEJQ.
Steamer "MontlceHo.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Tsars, aad Sat. at l:tt
a m.; 3:15, 8:33 p. m. fex. Thurs. nJgst); Frt-
i days 1 p. is. and }:30: Sundays. 10:i> a. m.. I
I n m. Landing and offlce. Mlssion-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephona Main J»8.
FVRE Mo
Weekly Call, SI per Year
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. Steamers leava Broadway j
wharf. San Francisco:
p^^ For Alaskan r-Tts — 11 *- m.. I
K^h. J'.av :S. Z\. Ju?.r 5. Cbanj" to
rT&ifirvrSty crrr,par.y'« stearr'rs at Seattle.
IBT && y??\ For Victoria. Vancouver >R
IjPv!»l Xal C). Port Towus«nd.* Seattle.
flfc£!i*grai1 Tacoma. Ev?r»tt. Ar,arcrtp«
/^^^^^ffl^li and N»w Wiiatcorn (Wash.) —
9 *mQt£gBi xi a. m.. Jlay 29. 31. Jun» $.
and every fifth day thereafter;
cfcanse at Seattle to th!» company'* steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacotna to H. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. n.. May
JS. Jure 2. and every fifth day ther-aft«r.
For Santa Cruz. Memerey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
bcos. Port Harford <3an LuJs Obtspo>. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pe«iro,
East San Pedro (Lcs Angeles* and X-WDcrt—
> a. m.. May 27. 31. Juce 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San D1e?o. stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd.CSan Luis OblspoK Santa Barbara.. Port
Lc^ AnireJeg and Redorda (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. May ». "?. June I. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma*dal»na Bay. San Jo«« del
Cabo Mazatlan. A!tat». La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <Mexlco>— 13 a. m.. Tth of each
month.
For further lnforaiation obtain company s
folders.
The cirnpany reswrves the rteht to cnar.s-
steamers. Failing dates and hour* of ralilnr
withfist rr»vlo'i« notic*.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palare Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS ft CO.. G»n. Ajrent*.
10 Market St.. Pan Franclscv
THE 0, B, & R. OH.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street -wharf at 11 a. m.
CAOC $12 First Class Including B«rfi
iflnL $8 Second Class and Weal*
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
Ju.-j- J
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. Jnn- 7
Short line to Walla "Walla. Spckan*. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A«ent.
fT> Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n*r First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinr at
Kobe (Hlogn). Nagasaki and Shanghai. an<I
connecting at Hongkong with ?t»»m*ra for Ia-
dla, e~c No cargo received on board on. day
of salllnz.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14. 1**J
PS NIPPON MARU.. Tuesday. July 15. 1900
SS AMERICA MARU
' „ Friday. Augnst 3. 1M0
- Via Hor.o.*u!u.-
Rour.d-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freirht and passage apply at company's offlc*.
t!l Market st»»et. com»r F1r*t.
•W. H. AVERT. General Airer.t.
C03SPAOSIE GEHESALE TRANSATLISTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .—^
¦=a'.lin5 every Thursday lr.9f!34 cf <*^ rfTp>
Saturday, from November 1. \S39. at — ~~ — -
10 a. m from Pier 41. North River, foot of
Mcrton st. LA TOURAINE. May II: LA
BRETAGNK. June 7: LA LORRAINE. Jane 14:
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 2L First class to
Havre $60 and upward: 3 r*r r»nt reduction on
round trip. Second class to -Havre. $43: S pfr
i cert reduction on rrrand trip. GENERAL
! AGENCT FOR IGNITED STATES AND CAN-
; ADA.. 35 Broadwar (Hudson btxil.llns). New
i York. J. F. FTOAZI St CO.. Pucifl^ Coast
Agents. SMont^omery tfvenue. 5-at» Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HOXOI.CXIJ, APIA
AUCKLAND ANI> SYDNEY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu rnly)
Wednesdav. May 10. MOO. ! o. m.
S S. MARIPOS A (via HonoJulc) to Xew Zea-
land and Australia — Wed.. June U. S p. m.
J. 0. fcPk±CKEU & B.tGS.CO., Agts.. 14 Montoom*rt
Pier 1. Foot Pacific SL Fni&t Wflcs.323 Market St.
L_/^D^ In the Goldfieids, a v
T^^pif Winchester Repeating Rifle
ft s a S™* aw iri protect you and
rMBiM "Hi Ammunition
S^^^^^^^M Always reliable, scld everywhere. Send r.srr.s ar.d
i^j&^'&M&jz^ address ca a postal card fcr 160-page illustrated
'iSfs. \0§& Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
Sjfj NEVV ' HAVEN, CONN. \
¦^^^^^ \ JJ^dT ™ 4 J 8 Harket Street* San. Francisco, Cal. ITHE SAN FEANCISCOv CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 36, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market end Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH '>FFICES-£27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
Z r <0 Hayes street; open until 8:S0 p. m.
C3» McAllister street: open until S:33 p. m.
C15 Larkln etrcct; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Ml«'.on street; open until 10 p. m.
_C1 Mission street, comer Sixteenth; open un-
til S r>- m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street ; op*-n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corr.er Twenty-recond and Ken-
r.itkr »treetf: open ur.til 8 p. m.
MEETIXG >OTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Ledge No. 44, F. and ft
A. M. — Officers and members are re- *\^
si«-ctruily requested to assemble st the j£3<
Temple THIS DAY <Wedne*4iky). JIajW *
30. at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose of attend-
ing the runcral of Bnthfr STEPHEN
COWAN, late me— ber cf Mari!r.« Lodge No.
41. Martinez, <"al. Ky order of the Master.
THEO FKOLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Loi'.ge No. ;3T. F. and A.
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES- -S\^
DAY) EVENING. May iO. at 7:30 iSjf
o'clock. By oidef cf the W. M. / V »
11. FORTRIEDH, Secretary.
3J1FSION' L<--3g-c- :<c. 169. I\ and A. M.— *r
OJScers fend members are hereby noti- yk
n>d to attend the funeral of our de- t-^JX
ceased brother. JEREMIAH BROWN- f *r s
ING, from the hall of this lodge TO-DAY
(WEDNESDAY) at 1 :S0 p. m. «y order of
the W. K. C. P. DUSKER, Secreuu-y.
MISSION Lodg*? No. 1C9. F. and A. M.— ©
CallM meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) A
EVENING, at ', o'clock. Third degree. "$£ 2f
C. D. HL'XKER. Secretary. /^y>
HAKJ1O.VV LoJge No. 13. I. O. O. <_W(«a : .,
F. — Th< ofHc*if fcnd ')." funeral
con::::lttee cf the above lodge are
hereby notified to assemble at . '''¦'
Odd Fellows' Hail, corner cf Market and
Seventh sts.. on THURSDAY. May Jl. 13C0.
at t:3ii a. m.. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother. CliR. KAES-
1XAX. By order CHAS. (JL'AST.
Flr.ar.clal Secretary.
OFRCEBS and niembfrs of Golden Gate y^g
Chapter No. 1. O. E. S., are n-jtifled to J%[«^
attt-nd :he funeral of nur late brother. * J fer^
JEKKM1AH PIWWXINO, from Mis- f
slon Masonic HsU. WEDNESDAY. May 30,
at 1 :30 p. m. By order of the Worthy Matron.
SAN FKA.VCISCO Camp - -q
No. 4iT. V.\ O. W.— Of- <PX/' - "Q
fleers ani members are --»^t<JVV 7?*V!?2jQl
hereby :. •:•.•-- 10 att^n.i C^C^ON:S5»'/SS^3
The fcr.eraJ c£ • :r '.-¦ \~~Z}\* i^*"«'i'T>
ceased neighbor, JO-
HANNES W. EIP.D. at ! p. m. from Masonic
building. lUh &ii.l Railroad avr«. South.
W. U WILSON, C. C
H. J. McCLIXTOCK. Ork.
THE thirteenth annual picnic »5Tfw
of the Sons of gt. Ceorte fv&'Zi^f
will U Leld WEDNESDAY.
May .'.*. at Funset park, -*«kJC%. *t^
:-;i_-. :a Crus Vi. i:r.:a::-.5. A fyf^7*S\-**~^
:...-: interesting programme tfv^ KC2ii2p
of Knclish cynics and sports \ ¦\jt3^e^/
for old and younr. fat and
lean. A crand tug cf war— v&W*
San Francisco vp. Oakland and Alameda.
Valuable DrtT.es will be offered for all events.
lius:c and dancing «IO held forth all day in
la.rsf J.evi!ion. Trains ,-ine £. F. ifoot of
Market et.). T:45 and S:C a. m. Special train
win l?ave Fourteenth and Franklin, Oakland.
f a. m. Tickets iround trip), $1; children, 10c.
ANCIENT Order cf ForesierB— The twen- «ft_^V
ty-»:xih :::.„.., iiicnic will be held In > F
hchu<.-tzen Park, r.ear J=an Rafael, on Jt\
WEDNESDAY. Mav 30, 1S00. Round- £_>
trip ticket, including- a^misfjen to park and '
ohsr.ee in cate prizes, adu'.ts 50c. children 25c. '
Valuable frate and came prises will be dis-
tributed. Tickets can be procured at A. O. V.
building. 1C2 O'farrell St., or at the ferry on
rnonsir.s of picnic.
J. FALCONER, President I
n. ?:. McLennan, secretary. !
THE Caiedrr/.an Club will hold Its . <y x-
thirty-fourth arr.ual coth»r:r.j: and ?1» Of J.-J
fames at Shell Mound Park on XtxXS*
WEDNESDAY. May 23. The best **23* j
cthletes cf the Pac'.flc Coast will compet*
fcr prizes. Over j::>n© will be distributed.
Full banJs fcr pavilion dancing up to S
p." m. Eairpipers for platform and fancy !
£&ncir.g. Over forty evente on procramme; j
g^t one. A Highland welcome with a full i
cay of pleasure to all. Buy round trip ferry |
tickets fcr Shell Mound Park. Admission to '
rrourd«, acult?". 60c; children. 25e. )
THH California Debris Commission, having: re- •
o»'.ved tpplieatior.s to mine by the hydraulic
process from Robert Hill, in the Gardners |
Point ir.lns, n<?ar Port Wine, Sierra. County, j
tr. depoett tailings in Sawmill Ravine; from 1
Charles Hilton, in the Dry Gulch placer mine. '
i«ar I'lf-asar*. Valley, El Dorado County, to •
deposit tailing* In Clear Creek; from L. Koss, I
lr. the Woouchuck mine. In Gold Lake Mining '
District. Sierra County, to deposit talllnes In i
Woodchuck Ravine, and frcm the Golden Hill j
Mining Company. In the Golden Hill mine.
r.»ar Fowt-Ilton. Butt* County, to deposit tail- i
lnfrs in a ravine, rl-.es notice that a meeting '¦
«in be held at rcosi S3, Flooa building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 1L 1S00. at 1:30 p. rj.
AGENTS TlXVTEa 1
LADT ana r*"tlenten agents wanted: very
good proposition: arr'y immediately. Mer-
car.Mlo library bu'.ljjng. room 11.
ASTUOL.OGY. ~
FiTof! A.~MA'PKIvr~oTEgy : pti^greatest aetrol-
o?ist ar.d palmist in the world; satisfaction
puarar.tw-a. li Powell rt.
SCIENTIFIC astrolftiry: readings. SCc: mdl, $1;
hcroycopes. PROF. MONROE. 128 Turk st.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fr**; divorce law & specialty; private: '
• no f^e without success; collections. G. W.
. HOWE, atty. at law. tZ r J Market.cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. ?27 Market st.. room IstJ all
cas'«; no advance charge*; call or write.
ADVICE Tree: no charve unless successful. W.
AV. DAVIDSON. t:T Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. f-. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels blCg., J77 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation tree; no fees In advance.
UATIl -OAU1XET HOT AIH. VAPOR.
ROKIXSON $3 4-pan-l folding; door opens: firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
DELGIAX IIAItKS.
LOIU>~DONCAKTnR 7?i7??.'^Fe*i'%^00
•LORD DONCASTER Fee S15 00
LORD iXiNCASTER Fee $13 00
On May IS we received direct from Ensland
an animal known ae LORD DOXCASTER.
His sire was Palace Cup buck of 1S3S and dam
was winner cl Doncastcr Sliver Cup of 1SSS.
Ke' won a i>rize ever}- time he was shown is
Errlanfl.
H* has magnificent rhape. and without
doubt excels every animal m America In the
dark rirhTieFS of hl» color. For a very limited
time his fee In itud will be 115. Tou cannot
get a like Fervire frcm tny buck that will
compare with him fcr less tfcan $'.0. If your
does lack color you should certainly not fall tc
fer*e«i t!:»m to him.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'N.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
J'jrt Received Word ~~
Ttat the Celebrated Cuck CRACKAJACK
Pcored M Points.
Only true colored buck llvlnr: also highest
peering. Is to be >-on?!m»4 ts the sale
of GOLDEN' WT^T RKLG1A.V HARE STOCK.
Do not rnifs this opportunity if you want
a fine ENGLISH BUCK or DOE. for this
etock mutt be eold this week. Call to-day
¦ - G2 Mor.Uromery st., city.
THOROrCHDRED B»!rlan does, br»d to Roval
Pwereipn. 510. to tr>; to Emperor of Norfo'lk
$20 u> (S»: to AJax fhichent-scortng buck in
.America). £» to fJ); youngsters, all strains «
weeks, £2 tO; 10 we»fc*., J3 W> : 3 month*. J5 ar.d
IT IA. Kenwood P.abbltry. 535 nth «.. Oakland.
A SNAP- Belgians; disagreement of partners-
K h 'S*-~. a 4* h*!:* 8 . all apes: Lord Edlnboro.'
Lord Rosl,erry. King Yukon and Lord nan-
bury strains; If taken as a whole will sell for
half market value. Address box 2120. Call.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Ansoclatlon-Does
bred to Fashodi Prince and Royal RochdaJe
$10 to %Z*: be«t rtrain youngsters 12 to Jli'
4S15 Telerraph ave.. Oakland:
FOIl ealo— Very fine etock of high-ocore r*><J|-
prr-el Eplrinn hare*, all ncored by Mr« Bush
_100H4 Sutter gt.. Sen Francisco. ' 5a '
TKEMONT F-elglan Hare CoT.liJ* Flllmore at
f^ar, Francis. OlL-flend Cc in stamps for
lKx>k en care and feeding.
BELGIAN hnres. ajj slieg. cheap for m. few
day* to make room; Yukon buck for service
214 Golflpn Gate ave. .
GOLDEN GATE«3ELG1AN HARE C. 603 Gclo".
en Gete ave., S._F.; 0C0 rabbits for sale cheap.
PFn>ICRnE:D doo- with JlttTF bv^wrd Fashoda
Chief (imported). Kurrka Babbitry. 1816 Turk.
BTCYCLCS — For Snl» or Rifbangr.
?>nT\* Cleveland Wcycle»: better than ever-Tin"
LEAVITT & BILL, 809 Larkln st. '¦ ~'
GREAT bargains In second-hand bicycles; from
J5 ur>: FfM for list. LEAVITT &. BILL, 203
Lcrkln rt.. HgJi Francisco.
BOAIIDI.VG FOR CHILDREN
A PRIVATE home for children by week or
mor.th; one day to 15 y»ara old: select neigh-
borhood: mother's care; termn low; tmnny
¦ yard. 1804 Pott ft.: tel. Larkln 1*1: S b»Ug.
HOOK* M3XV' ASD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H ol me» Book Co.. 7TM Mission st., near Third.
BOOT A*D SHOB^DARCAlJrS.
BARGAINS, la«le«' and children's eboee; Crum-
. leers' samples xnfg. cost. Kohlbechcr. 14S 4th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
K5^RES^aX ; RANT -"bargain •" going to Bu^
rope cause of eale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
7774 Market st.
J400— SALOON; city front; bargain; on account
of other business. McLAUGHLJN. 777H Mkt.
$500 — SALOON and lunch house; bargain this
ci.r. Mclaughlin &. co.. mvt Market st.
MAN and wife to manage restaurant; very ele-
gantly furnished. Apply. D. McRAE. S37
Mission st. 4
VIvRY elegantly furnished house to rent of 18
rooms; rent $S5. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st.
$700 CASH— Corner grocery and bar: 2 living
rooms; rent $14 25; daily sales $15; ovmer must
leave m once for Europe. M. GRIFFIN, 719
v Market ft., room 1. nr. Call bldg.
To r*m— For ccal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tiins 3 stalls: rent only J15; water free. In-
quire WM. IIENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building.
CALL and see cur HH of good paying busl-
riesF»*: groceries, naloons, restaurants, hotels,
paint r.licn*. delicacy stores: sale and ex-
chancc. EITEL & CARROLL. 10C8V£ Market.
KERN County oil lands; a chance to get an
Interest In 11,000 acres of choice oil laads; buy
now and ret In on the ground floor: these
lands are located !n the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
ER. Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-as«csfable: investigation solicited.
D. H. MO6TELLER, Agent.
Room 264. Parrott Building. 8. F.
S2SW>— SNAP: $10 day clear: be Increased: gen-
teel business: downtown; suitable lady or
gentleman; close Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
AT a great bargain— Bakery, candy, notions,
school supplies, cigars, etc.: good stock and
fixtures: located by a BChool: living rooms.
VXS Golden Gats ave.
$600— PARTNER in restaurant and family dln-
ir.p-rocm: flrst-class hotel;, pome capital re-
gulrfd. Address box 211S. Call offlce.
CIGAR store and fixtures for sale for $125 If
rold before Friday, June 1. Inquire at 28
Eest m.
FRUIT (»tand to let; *V, Fourth st. ; low rant.
Arrly to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Monfgy.
J4C0 — CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
acocnt of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
GROCERY, bakery and notion store, with fur-
niture of 3 rooms, fcr sale. 225 Ninth st.
J400— DTEIXG, cleaning and laundry offlce;
nrft-cla**, faying business for 2 person*: 4
living rooms; nice location: low rent; month's
trial given. Address box 2116. Call.
FOR rale— Restaurant; cloee to four factories;
business rood. Apply between 11 and 12 a. m..
CO? B.nd 610 Seventh Ft.
FOR sale — On account of departure for Nome,
a fruit and candy business and paying welL
Address box 174S. Call offlce.
$5V) — DRaYING business well established,
horses, wagnni", everything completo; $200
caeh. balance on easy payments. C H., room
», 2t Geary st. _^____
DRUG store for Bale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-etocked. modern, pay-
lnc drug store In a gf»od mining towa; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'yarrell St.. city.
A CHANCE to make $40 a week or more
by lnvestlne about $700 In good business; no
hard work. Box 1773. Call.
GROCERY and bar for rale: cash trade; $750.
Address box 173S. Call offlce.
GOOD paying 3-chalr bartxr shop for sale. 259
Seventh et.
FOR sale — Good outside route on morning pa-
per; easy terms. Box 1736, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAPS sloop yacht 32 feet long. W. H.
CAMPBELL, Sausallto. '
FOR SALE— Flrst-class outside route on a
morning paper. A., box 1T70. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for your own price; going to
Nome. Apply 1 Fifth et.. room 10.
LARGE store to let on Market St.; lease for
gale; 22x100. Box 1749. Call. -_
FOR *ale— The Central Hotel In Napa. con-
taining thirty rooms: central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
FOR sale or exchange— Handsome cottage, fur-
nlshed; barn; Berkeley. Box 17&S, Call office.
WANTED — Bakery^or bakery and coffee Faloon ;
must be good location. Box 2S79. Call ctflce.
A. TRANSFER corner saloon; north of Market;
sickness. Address box ISM, Call office.
fJOO— RESTAURANT; no night work; old stand.
229 Elrhth st.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard in this
ctiy for sale. Box 2S61, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from CEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisments and
fub«criptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
ltnc'.a ti.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS rages, sent to any address In the
Vnltefl States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGIXG-UOU8ES FOR SALE.
S6-ROOM corner $4000
Hotel and bar: 36 rooms 1S00
21 rooms on Market St.; only ?00
25 rooms en Bush; rent K-5 950
12 rooms on McAUIeter Ft 4C0
16 rooms: fine corner: clears $150 1000
16-room house on Turk *t 7^0
10 rooms en Jones St.; clears $S3 350
10 rooms en Mason St.; payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MINT 7&6.
II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. .
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
15 rooms; $250 cash, balance $10 month... J423
27 rooms; corner: best of furniture 1500
35 rooms; corner; monthly payments 1900
60 rooms; corner; must sell 1900
40 rooms; rent $37 50 j 600
$30— 11 H»X>MS. all rented, with big yard for
raising rabbits; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
J1S0O— E6 ROOMS; all rented; good location; near
Market; cent.; rent low. BASILE, 3 Eddy et.
A — ROOMING house: great money maker;
heart the city. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
TO rent— 5 and 6 room flats, furnished. M.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room t nr. Call bldg.
A LIST of 129 lodgir.g-housefl for «ale. M.
GRIFFIN, 7J0 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
CARHIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnen,
etc. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CAMP waffon; finefit In California: good as
B»w; cost SSOO; cell $100. 3279 Mission it.
NEW & 2d-h«nd wagon*, bug-les. carts &. har-
nees, work Ik. driving hcrses. Uth & Valencia.
friRlTUALISM.
AT Occidental Hall, 5C5 Larkln Et: spiritual
meeting this evening, Mrs. Griffin and
Ehrlner; 10c.
MME. MARQUISE, 6 Hyde, holds test circle
to-night at t; 10a; readings. 10 a.m. to 6 p. m.
TESTS and communications from "dead"
frienfls to all to-night, 10c. 148 Sixth, rm. 12.
SPIRITUAL circle to-night at *; all friends
and skfpties Invlteo. 24 Sixth st., room 6.
TVYLLIP:, the Lc« Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis st.; 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
AT Friendship Hall. 235 McAllister; Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night; 10c; sittings.
MRS. LERTER BAILEY'S circle this evening,
10c; readings daily. 1204 Fillmore, near Turk.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
mMlum, life reader; Fitting. $1. 1104 Market.
MEDA HOBKINS, spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; cir. Mon., 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A —MRS. DtT CLARK—
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PKRMANENTLY LOCATED AT 505 TURK
St., may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies: remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; eend stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk St.. near Jonen.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; n«ver fall*; has the preateat Egyptian
secret; ehows picture future hurband or wife;
f»e 25c and up; patKactlon to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market et., bet. 7th and Sth.
"NOMEt" "Nome'.'*' "Nome!" Save your
money: consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
dium; lucky and true; Jut- and $1. 15S1 Market
et., n* tr Twelfth.
READINGS dally In cards and tea leaves;
date?, facts, bus, ad. 373 Polk, cr. McAllister.'
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 14$ Sixth et., r. 14.
CARD reader and p&lmlrt removed- from S53
Mission st. to 136 Sixth, room 8.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c &. 50c. 1149 Mission.
Ml£S MELVILLE. grea.t clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, op. Mint,
CLAIRVOYANT, curd reader, best advice. _j
Mlefion «t., near 4th, rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader*
fittings dally . 212'j Sixth et. _^^
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; businees
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladies. . 914 O'Farrell st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; teL S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
842-344 McAllister st. : phone South 14C. . <
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 1 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 33-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S Callfoi-nla Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.. tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c,
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet B«at!n««Works. 833 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 128.
COLLECTION" OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO L!2T.
VASSEROT place, 7. oft* Geary, near Larkln—
Modern ccttage, 6 rooms and bath; rent $20;
water free. Apply L. C. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, garden, stable: put In perfect order. Ap-
ply 2118 Union Ft., 11 to 5 o'clock: cheap rent.
1H-STORY; sunny, good grounds and view;
take Mlsslon-st. cars to Powell ave. Key at
16 Prospect ave.; reasonable.
TO LET for 3 or 4 months— Furnished cottage
o£_ 8 rooms; $20; references. 217 Third ave.,
Richmond.
WASHINGTON, 1323—6 rooms, bath and yard;
marine view.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; finings, 50c: crowns, $3 SO; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our speclaity; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 30 up; of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4; ¦
rubber or flexible platen, $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL eet of teeth. $5: gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold, $1 up:
silver, 50c; painless extraction 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. KOI Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk et. t
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y*S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silkv coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75e; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKEKS A>'i> SEAMSTRESSES
XlcDO WELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring: eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
1 EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts: call or send for catalogue.
II BALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eerinn. etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
AYRES', th<* leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ct. : life scholarship, $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day &eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; noyltlons secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vpy, ar*6>\ cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by ntall; ac-
knowledged by olflolal reporters "best teacher,
best syst-m." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST, Secretary, 510 Golden Gate.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher cf mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1C0S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentleman. O. Sinz, 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT wTuiTUO KE.UALU.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, competent In-
fant's nurre, German cook with good city ref-
errncce, flrst-cla.«s Swedish laundress and a
number of houscglrls await positions at MISS
CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG married woman with 2 little girls aged
1 and 3 years wishes a position to take en-
tire charge of house during owner's absence;
object, good home; best of reference. 2111
Flllmore st. •
SWEDISH girl, flrst-elas3 cook Is taking a
course at business college; would like a place
to work In exchange for room and board.
Box 1776. Call offlce.
AS housekeeper by elderly Eastern woman;
understands cooking, washing and the care
of children; city references given; wages $12
to $15 month. Call 250 Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE married woman, good opera-
tor, wants work on factory pants or wrap-
pers. MRS. BONOMY, 936% Howard st.
YOUNG Swedish girl desires position In small
American family to do light housework. Call
266 Tenth St., Swedish Baptist Church.
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwork. Address box 17S6, | Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework"
wagf-s $20. Call at 12.Rltch Bt;, off Folsom.
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS cook, also second cook, would
like place at resort or mining camp. Box 1773
.Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work in city or country; small v/aces. 174
Je? sle st.
WANTED— Situation by a competent cook*
would like to go with private family In the
country for the summer. Box 1774, Call offlce.
IS YEAR-OLD girl wants nursing and general
housework; speaks little English. SS Birch
ave., upstairs.
REFINED elderly lady wishes to do plain sew-
lne, Rrslst with child and upstairs work in
nice family. Address box 1777, Call office.
GIRL 16 yeans; speaks English, Italian, Span-
ish; understands French; desires position as
nurse In private family. 725 Sansome st.
PASTRY cook would like situation iiTTunch-
room or small boarding-house. Box 1772, Call.
WANTED— By experienced flnlsher on fine cus-
tcm cants. 1111 Jones st.
BY 2 Norwegian girls — Positions . to do house-
work, second work or cooking; references
Box 1740. Call.
GIRL for general housework 'and cooking; ref-
erences.. Apply 8 Alice bL, off Folsom, bet
Third nnd Fourth. \ : ,.-. .--¦_-.>
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $160 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ .*-;.
AN experienced dressmaker, designer and per-
fect fitter wishes work by 'the day In fam-
ilies; very reasonable. Expert, box 1750. Call.
- , • \- ¦ ......
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day; washing
or houEecleanlng. Call 611 Turk st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home or housekeeper's position. Call 116 Sixth
St., room 6^ j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at v% Va-
lenda st. - - '..
K3IPLOV3IENT WAXTED MAL.iT
A— COLORED chef and wife, just from the
'East With best of references, also 2 head and
. second cooks, with first-class references, from
Boston, want situations. Address C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. '
COMPETENT German man and wife desire sit-
uations; understand all kind of ranch .work;
reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS butler-wants position; best city
references. MISS CULLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE young man of 24, experienced In
. bookkeeping and general office work, wishes
position with established firm; reference from
late employer. Address box 1793, Call office.
PRACTICAL all-round pickle man with large
Eastern and California .experience, is cpen
to an engagement; can make his own steam;
city or country. Address W. H., 1729 Eddy st.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion or as man about place or any place of
trust; good references. Box 1788, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN (aged 23). steady and reliable,
wishes permanent employment with whole-
sale firm; best of references. Address C. W.
C, 1137 Union st.
SITUATION wanted to care for horses or as
watchman by handy man of 25; references;
city. Address box 1735. Call offlce.
YOUNO man wishes to complete his barber
trade In good ehop. Address box 1734, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by a coachman and gar-
dener; best referenc=s. EMIL ERICKSON. 582
Albion St., Oakland.
GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and sheer wishes a
situation; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 16. Call office. "
FRENCH cook wants situation in hotel, city or
country. D. L.. 275 Stevenson St.
JAPANESE couple want situations In family;
man us cook and wife to do waiting and
housework: with good reference. W. M.. 933
Sacramento st.
ENGINEER and machinist. 32 years of age.
good pipefitter; al6o woodwork: flrst-class ref-
erences. Please address box 1723, Call offlce.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2, Dwlght
way station, Berkeley.
GARDENER experienced In commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take chargs
of a large private place, plantation, etc. : long
years' references. Write to N. GARTNER,
953 Fortieth st., Oakland.
OFFICE work— Young man of 28, with 6 years'
expn-lence, wants position for the summer.
Address J. E. COOVER. Palo Alto. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Ht.
EXPEHT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
107114 Market Ft.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50e. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
i , - — - — >. -¦ .-.¦¦~ J ..~— ~~~— .—-^~-^^-— — — .*,
1 ICO FLATS, cottages, etc.. Speck & Co.. 667 Mkt.
1S22 Pac av.; 10 r. Geary: 10 r. h...$70
710 McAllister; 3 r.h. 32 1610 California; 7 r. f . 35
793 Halght; 7 r. f 2511210 Polk; 9 r. h.... 35
922 Hyde; 6 r. f....32 50<331 Eddy; 4 r. f 20
j A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417% Third st.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento St., below Mason.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern improvements.
2410 Sacramento st., near Webster.
FLAT— Modern improvenemts; half block from
Union Iron Works. 913 Illinois st.
FLATS — 3 and 4 rooms, bath; oft Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
GEARY, 813*4— Modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent J35; water free. Apply L. C.
UABIN. 413 Kearny st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BA'LDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513, near 11th— 6 large sunny rooms;
bath; yard and laundry; rent $18.
MODERN lower flat. 7 rooms and basement.
1131 Geary St., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
NEW sur.ny flat, 6 rooms, batlr yard, base-
ment; modern imp. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell st.
PEARL. 27, off Market, nr. Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $8 and $7.
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard, base-
ment; rent reasonable. 482 Page, nr. Webster.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement St.;
take Sutro car. ¦
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page, bet. Cough
and Octavia, 1^4 blocks from Market.
UPPER flat: 6 rooms and bath. U20B Turk St.,
near Laguna.
$16— FLAT, 3 rooms and bath. 411 Larkln st.
2 FLATS of 4 rooms each; one $7 and other $9.
39 Shipley st.. between Third and Fourth.
FVBNITURE FOR SALE.
NEW furnishings of elegant modern flat on
Van Ness ave. for sale. $450; rent of flat, $35;
solid mahogany furniture: Axmlnster car-
pets. Apply H. J. MOORE. 1039 Markt st.
FURNITURE and carpets: cheap; leaving city;
call from M to 2. 600H Leavenworth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTUIIE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market Rt. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission et., pays
highest price for your second-hand furnlturo.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Itod 33»3.
HELP ' WANTED— FEMALE.
cTiChansen a"'c~6T.73hone grant iss
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
S waitresses, resort for second, $20; 2 wait-
resses, springs, $20; 4 waitresses, different re-
sort*. $20; 3 waitresses. flrBt-class commercial
hotel north; 2 waitresses, south, $20; pantry
girl, resort. $20 and free fare; 4 waitresses,
flrst-class hotels, city. $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait dinner, city, $20; chambermaid to wait,
country, ?20.
FAMILY ORDERS
'Seamstress who can cut and fit children's
clothes, $1 day.
2 factory girls, $3 50 to $4 week; nurseglrl for
Angel Island. $15: woman with a child, $20; 5
cooks, city, $25; housegirl, email family, all
grown, $25'; cook, ranch, $25, fare paid; house-
girls for city and country. • C. R. HANSEN & ,
CO.. 104 Qeary t at. - ¦ ¦ ' " *"
A COLORED cook, $25; colored maid, $20; >am«
house. MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st. j
A— IRONER. city. $30; Iron er. Palo Alto, $30
and found; cook. Ban Rafael, $80: French
cook, $25; chnmbermald and laundress, coun-
try. $20; 4 German cooks,, city, $30 and $25;
cook, Kprlngs, $25; 10 waitresses, summer re-
sorts and commercial hotels, $25 and $20;
chambermaids to wait, $20 each: 4 waitresses,
city hotels, $20 each; second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt. . |
WANTED— Fancy lroncr for laundry; 15 wait-
" resses, city and country hotels and resorts
Ab well as for private boarding-houses In
San Francisco, $20 to $25: girl for general
housework, country, $30; seamstress, private ;
family, $25; Protestant nurse, $25; large num-
ber of girls for general housework, city and
country, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— A girl to work in an oyster and
lunch counter; German preferred who , has
had some experience. Call at 412V4 Sixth St..
between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m.
YOUNG lady over 20 to assist well-known com-
edian in eketch; must travel. Address or call
between 2 and 3 p. m., W. V.; 14 /Turk St.,
room 10. ... " i
FIRST-CLASS cutter. for .Ilk. waists; capable
• of taking entire charge of manufacturing de-
partment. Apply MRS. MILLER. 1228 Market.
WANTED— Young. girl assist light housework;
no children; wages $7 per month. Apply 1653;
' Tenth ave.,, Sunset District. "--- T
WANTED— Attractive girls from J6 to 18 years.
Call SHREVE & BARBERS,' 511 Kearny st...
from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GIRL for housework; wages $10. MRS. VAS-
ELATOS. .B st. and Forty-ninth ave.
TRIMMER wanted; also apprentice. DINAN'S,
24 Kearny st.
NEAT girl for general housework; family of
three. 812 Ellis st. ' " ¦
A FACTORY girl Is wanted at 3460 Twenty-
;. fifth st. ; good wages. ¦ ¦-''.'.
GIRL" for housework, I plain cooking and wash-
. Ing.. M92Q Sutter. at. -¦
LADIES to fill positions; country: managers
through Calif.; ref. required. 2421 Flllmore.
HELP TVAJfTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS WANTED : - ~
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRLS. i GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVI3. 32^ Fremont.
GIRLS to learn to make cigarettes at JOHN
BOLLMAN & CO.. 36 Jessfe St.; good wages
to be earned; steady work; references.
WANTED— A girl to assist in housekeeping.
120SM, Turk st.
WANTED— Lady talloress for general tailoring;
steady, work. 713 Valencia Bt.
FIRST-CLASS ironers wanted for ladles' work.
Address P. O. box S3-t. Vallejo. Cal.
AN operator on pants; steady work. 110 WU-
1 Ham Ft. oft . Geary, near Taylor.
IRONERS and operators wanted. National
Laundry, 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED— A reliable girl to help general
housework; good home; nights off. 1426 Mason.
NEAT girl; general housework, plain cooking,
assist with children; $20. Call 233 Third ave..
Richmond District; take Sutter or Geary cars.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
FolBom st., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
A GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
7S1 McAllister St., near Octavia.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to do light
housework at 113 East st.
WOMAN to help In kitchen of small boarding-
house. 662 Fulton st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; no
washing; wages $25; refs. required. 1 Scott st.
COMPETENT nurseslrl with good references
required for San Rafael. Box, 1741. Call offlce.
YOUNG German girl to do housework and help
in bakery. 3150 Twenty-second st.
WAITRESS wanted. 113 Turk St.. In restau-
rant. ,
GOOD finisher and apprentice girls on custom
coats; pay while learning. 126 Russ st.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
133 Hills Et.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio st.,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st, off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st. ¦
HELP WAIVTED-MALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN ? '"& C0 7 S?T.?..aoTGeary st
Wanted for the Coast road, free fare.
Teamsters $2 a day
Laborers J2 a day
FREE FARE FREE FAKE
CO 4-horse teamsters $2 25 a day,
via Los Angeles and Santa Barbara di-
visions A free fara
30 laborers, S. P. Company work. $2 a day,
board $4 50 a week free fare
60 section hands for different divisions on the
a P. Co, $170 a day free fare
10 miners, $2 50 a day; 6 muckers. $2 a day:
20 fanners, $26 to $30; 20 quarry men, £2 and
$2 25 a day; 20 mill and woods men, $30 to til
and board, see boss here; camp blacksmith, $3
a day; 8 milkers, $25 and $30; 2 hostlers, $50;
gardener, $30; choreman. Institution, $25;
ranch blacksmiths, $35 and $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat cook, country hotel, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; baker and pastry cook, $50; 3 broil-
ere city, and country, $50, $55, and $30; 6 sec-
ond cooks, city and country, $40 and $50;
French cook, country hotel, $60 to $«>, see
party here; third cotk. $40; 20 dishwashers,
potwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $40.
Neat young man with experience as hotel
clerk, country hotel, $25; nurse for an lnstltu-
tlon. $30. C. R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A CHOREMAN who can milk and make butter;
private place; country; $45; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
\-MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 5348
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 5456 MEN
FREE FARE and offlce fee Jl and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
.districts, we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 5:30
p. m.. for the S. P. R. R., laborers and team-
sters, $2 day. FREE FARE
HAYMAKING AND HARVEST
2S9 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
In fields, header men. etc.. $1 25. $1 50. $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS. GAR-
,
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $33, $30, $2G
and found;. 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen, 1 stable-
man, all for private families, $30, $25. $20 and
. found, COME. SEE
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
89 milkers for different places, $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss hc-e, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent Jobs. $35 and $40 and found
......AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 25 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
563 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosseuti sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80, $75. $90, $120. $60.
$50, $40. $30 and faund; 584 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tool* and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 CO, $2, $160, $1 and 75c cord
10 laborers to build flume. $30 to $40 and fd
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and hcrseshoers. $2 50 day, $50,
$70, $15, IJ5 and found: also 5 helpers, $12
week, $35 and found; G woodworkers, carriage-
makers, $3, $2 50 day, $40 and found: circular
sawyer, $60 and found; 2 boilerrnakers, $3 60
day; carriage painter, stripe and letter, fare
COc, $10 week and found
screw tender, $52 and found; 3 carriage paint-
ers I
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES... BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOU'LL SUIT. $40 to $4S per month and
found: 29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
3 milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found;
planer hand, rawmlll co $50 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare. $2 50, $34 and
found; t men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
' $30 and .found.
..MEN, YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
man for wine cellar, country. $25 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Free Fnre Free Fare
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS* MAKERS \ WAITERS
8 bakers, city and country shops $40 and $50
39 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found
washer, country laundry, $30 and found; bar^ '
' ber to run country shop
Clerk, city $20 and found
Porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 baker's helpers,
$30, $35, $25 and found. MURRAY A. READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. • ,
BUTLER, country. $40, references: broiler. $55:
cook, country boarding house. $40: porter and
waiter. $25; vegetablemen. $25. $20; kitchen-
man. $30; bellboy, $3, elevator boys, $4 week;
waiters. $3: night waiter, $3; dishwasher,
country $20,* $13; dishwashers, city. $25, $20;
other restaurant and hotel help. J. F. CROS-
ETTS Agency, 628 Sacramento st. i
TWO edgermen. $45 and $70; trimmer for mill,
$15 to $50- 3 car builders, 30c to 35c an hour;
3 carpenters. $3 day. free fare: ironmolder, j
$3 day; machinists for city and country. $3
to $4; washer for laundry. $30 and board;
starcher and wife. $60; man and wife, private
family, $50; farmers, milkers, woods and mill
men of all kinds, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT'S Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
BVRBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
RESPECTABLE young man with some knowl-
edge of barkeeplng for downtown saloon ;
one living with parents preferred. Address
box 1787. Call offlce. £
WANTED— Retail salesman, experienced In
grocery business. Box 1789. Call offlce.
WANTED— Extra dinner waiters at Bay State
Restaurant. 29 Stockton st. >_ ;
STEADY day : waiter; bakery and coffee-house.
612 Kearny st. '
WANTED — Cleaner: steady work and good
wages.' Hudson River Dye Works. 409 Sutter.
BAKER'S helper wanted; S. S. City of Puebla;
$35 or $10. Apply baker en board.
WANTED— First-class bootblack for . barber
shop." Call 141 Ellis st. --
WANTED— Blacksmith. Apply to J. O'SHEA,
17th and Vermont sts.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. "819 Market st. room 47. ,
WANTED— A 'good waiter. 134 Third /* ¦
HELP WAXTED — 3IALB.
WANTED :•••
• FREE FARE.
6 farmers for large vineyard, steady work,
|26 and found.
(For large Grain ranch.) - - *
2 warehouse men $4u and found
2 ranch blacksmiths $oO and $40 and found
Shop blacksmith •? 5<J
2 single hand miners i- 50 day
2 muckers, same mine $2 o a y
50 farmers, hayinjf. vineyard, orchard and
ranches. $25. $30, $35 acd $40 ••
Milker, country $30 and %Zo
Butcher country shop J25 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at.
WANTED— Steady man. light Indoor v/ork; will
pay $;o per month, with chance of increase;
J60 required. Apply TTTH Market St. room 7.
BARBER wanted; guarantee $16; can make $18
to $25 per week. 1W First ave. south. Seattle,
Wash. >
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 375 Fifth St.
BARBER wanted; steady; cood young; man.
C23 Clay st.
BARBER wanted, must be At. at 12 Fifth at.
BARBER wanted; first-class workman; steady.
609 Larkln st.
WANTED— A good barber for Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday steady, at 405 Third st.
WANTED— A flrst-class barber; good wages.
Call early at 947 Fillmore st.
GOOD steady barber for Saturday evenings and
Sundays. 20OS Mission st.
BARBERS-Good-paylng shop In nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAX BROS.. IPS Ellis.
BARBERS— A good shop for sale on account of
sickness. Apply 911 Larktn at.
VESTMAKERS wanted to take out work. 1215
Market st.
WANTED— Shoe clerk. 962 Washington St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— 4 good helpers In foundry. Apply
at 642 Townsend St.
WANTED— An experienced elevator boy at 29
Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; barber shop. 1333 Mar-
ket st.
BEDMAKER: state references and salary ex-
pected. Box 1778. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market it.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 3.1 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their lnten- i
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruitlnif
Offlce. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. CaL. or |
530 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay et.
WANTED— Elderly man to help sell fruit oft a
¦wagon; $15 per month and found. 123 Henry
Bt. ; call before S a. m.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for gale; good loca-
tion; new modern furniture; 3 living rooms; I
furniture value equals purchase price; $450.
Box 1744. Call offlce.
SIGN paintlnc— Wanted, boy who has worked
about 2 years at trade. 79 ThlM st.
APPRENTICES wanted to learn barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 6C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ONE good finisher and 1 good helper In wagon
factory. 630 Broadway.
WANTED — General tailor for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
BRIGHT boy wanted for jewelry store; state
references. Box 1737. Call.
"WANTED— Drug clerk. 1^3 Eddy St.; call about
9 a. m.
SOLICITOR and collector for industrial Insur-
ance; 12-1, 5-6. r. 6. 405 Montgomery st.
3-CHAIR barber shop, close to Market st.: one
of the best stands In the city; at sacrifice.
Full particulars STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
GOOD gardener for country place; wages '$23.
MRS. CATTELL. 523 Eighth st.. Oakland.
GET your ?hoe» half-sole«l while waiting; £5c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Th'rd St.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 p?r week.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdressing at 9.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; IS
years' practice; Examiner b!dfr.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third St., near Mar-
ket; "CO rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LTNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HOtlSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc r'or Sale
THE sixth iot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from $20 up; 6 blacks, 2
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
st. ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
8ULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 1 good driving horse; « years' old;
bargain. Call N. E. cor. 15th and Guerrero.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriasr teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. II. L'MBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LEAVENWORTH. £06. near O'Farrell— 2-story
house 8 rooms, alcove and bath; In good
order: key at grocery. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
PIERCE. E. side. bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-stcry bay-window. 6 rooms and
bath: neat house; nice neighborhood. Apply
to C. S. CAPP <fc CO.. Real Estate Agents.
6S0 Market st.
BROADWAY, 1516. near Van Ness— Sunny 7-
room house.
IIOUSES TO 1,E!T — FURNISHED.
CALIFORNIA, near Van New ave.— 10-room
house, completely furnished. Call 1115 Post.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of LAVINIA E. DEAN, No. 207-1S4.
The firmer will please return to bank.
LOST— White cat; green and one blue eye. Re-
ward at 41 South Park.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ANTHONY MURRAY. No, 1S9-103*
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Receipt book containing s00 shares Im-
perlal mining stock: reward, ill Larkln st.
LOST— Bank book on the Hlbernla Bank. In th»
name of MRS. ANN McDANIEL. Finder win
return same to the Hlbernla Bank and receive
reward.
BIEOICAL.
DRS GOODWIN, the wTlTkaown ladle.' phy-
slclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe ami
reliable cure $3; have treated thousands ot
cases with success; 15 years' practice In S F •
maternity home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.'
D t R J , G -. W ' O'pON'^ELL.'the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: «afe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
cares successfully: treatment caa be used at
¦home; consultation Tree. Write or call at
' 1C2JU Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; » yrs.
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldenttal. 942 Post Bt.. b»t. Hyde and Lurkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' epeclallst-GuararH
i 9 ?.?, 1 / 611111161 " at offlc e. *•"•: consultation free
1U2 Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; office
hours 9 to 5. Sundays 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market; ladle.' spe-
clallst: treatment a; office. $5: consultation
free; hour* 10 to I. Phone Jeasle 257.
DR and MKS. DAVIES. 1221 Mark-t: ladles"
physician; chronic . diseases treated: tot*
scientific methods; treatment. $S.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dls-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sanl-
tartum. .04 Bacra.mento.cor. Kearny :advte« f r«».
N IP E reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folgom gt.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market gt.; every cage guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. ECHWARTINO. midwife; private homa
in confinement for ladles. 810 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1812 Golden date are.
DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor, treats all dia-
eases 01 the human body. 115 Mason st.
3IISCELLAXEOCS — FOIl SALE.
BOILKRS. engines. 7-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAK, 193-197 Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
eines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. as Spear st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters ' linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon out3t3 en hand;
12 complete outfits on our door, ready r.tih;
we can shin everyth'.ns In M hours. J. -N'OO-
¦NAN 1C1T. 1019. 102 1. 1023 Mission St., aWv-j
SUth"; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal us>; 4 full
oaart bottles, expressage prepaid, H ?); noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents; twice ta»
trice could buv no better; mail orders solic-
ited. F. EPHKAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
A-$3 &0 DERBY and Fedora hats, il 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
KD-HAND Dow duplex steam pump; S-ia.
steam. 6-tn. water. H. S. WHITE. olSMlaalon.
FINE ycuns parrot. Just starting in to talk,
for sale cheap. 1112 Powell st.
A FINE suit. $li); dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT?
CLOTHING PARLORS. 43? Montgomery at.
FITLL line cameras and photo supplies; seiiins
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bids.
WE v rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for {2 50.
Portland Loan Offlce. V, Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns new and second-hand: r.iovlne
pictures. Bl'LLARD & BHECK. 131 Post it.
CASH registers of every description for aala
and repaired. 1S27 Market, bet. 9th and liha.
FORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers: lathes: Id-hand. J. Burke. 133 Bealg.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California,
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
1100: concert records. J2 50. BACIGALUPL,
933 .Market St.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bough*
and sold. W. C. BEXTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and ftro and burs-
lar proof safe. 21S California at.
SAFES- New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fira and hurff-
lar proijf safe; cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFK. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONK 4-slded sticker; I planer and matcher: t
air compressor; 5 locomotive*. K9 Fremont.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mnHing. fl r»»r year.
3IISCELLA.\EOUS \VA\TS.
' WANTEP—Second-h.T.nil sash and doors cheap.
Address box 1729. Call offlce.
¦ LAL'NDRYMEX — Wanted, second-hand boson*
I lron.»r; state price an.l make. Box 1730, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright plann for
cash. II. L. WHITrHKAO. 1710 ?.>¦-! rk-t st.
J1OXEV TO LOAX.
HEIRS~t<T unsettled estates In crobata can re-
ceive cash at ence: also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal: prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABLQ
LOAN CO.. roon*4 (SOI. Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flnt.
I second mortgases. estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. K-
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle Mils.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st. Id and 3d mort-
jragea, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mort^aKea and legacies bought: no de-
lay; Bet my terms before doing business els«-
where. R. McCOLOAN. S« Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable privata p'.ace to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.: ttl. Main 1G44. Branch 13 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Office. 14
. Fifth st.. are transferred to W. J. Hesthal.
10 Sixth St.. where the business will ta coa-
tlnued. T. LUBEI.SKI. ¦
ON r-al estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on>
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER Sc CO.. IS Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, la SUth;
highest price fcr old gold: silver, diamonds.
j ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; conndentiaU
! BONELLI. Conservatory b'.dj:.. 130 Fcwell st.
j AT 125 Kearny st, room 9, rer-rectab!* private
i place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rcoas
(3 and 63. Dcnohoe buildl.iff, 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HAKSHBARG1SK.
822 Ellis St.. room ii.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 43! Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 3n Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indcrser. MORREL.L. 6C9 Etamlner building.
1 ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
[ commlMton; privata. LICK. Ul McAllister.
IF your property Is mortjraeed and you neetl
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried m»n without collateral or indoraer.
S. F. DIs<"->unt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
3IES1CAL. I.\STUfME.\TS.
PIANOS! PIANOS f PIANO?! *
*4S. JS3. *100. J133.
tlGi; upright: easy payments.
Symphonion music boxes from $14
to J1C0, and everythine In the music Una.
S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter at.
PACKARD PIANOS-Beat the world. *
Packard organs — are the best.
See and hear them when you're ready.
Bring your cash: we'll do the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
OLYMPIA eelf-playing music boxes are tha
latest and best; any style sold on Installments
If you haven't the cash to spare. Z. MAU«
VAIS- Music Store. 7K> Market St.
DECKER & SON pianos., established la U9L
are as reliable In tone, action and durability
as any piano caa be made. Sola agency.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st. *
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every trade, from Stetnway down to low-
priced makes, and aa our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. i<5 cash. W per
month: other pianos 13. $4 and $3 per month,
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers.
. cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. Saa Franclscoj
cor. Thirteenth, and Broadway. Oakland.
AN exceptional offer — Fischer. $S0- Arion, $105{
Cable. 1186; Estey. $190; finest condition war-
ranted: easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. IS O'Farrell at.; Chtckerinsr. Steclc.
Vose. Sterling. Curtaz pianos.
ABSOLUTELY" the oldest and largest honsa
west of Chicago is KOHLF.R & CHASET3,
26. 2S and 20 O'Farrell st. ; planes, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all Kradea
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; everr-
thlr.v possible done to please and satisfy tin
customer.
A BARGAIN; fine cabinet grand $350 piano,
almost new; must sell; $U0 cash. Address
box 462. Call offlce.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold thl»
week for storage: offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
A BEAUTIFVL S4C0 upright piano, not us»d %
year, will be sold immediately for $125;
owner leaving the city. Room 12._ Flood bids.
A— STEINWAY urrltjht: fine condition; very
cheap. BP.UETNN. 2?S Post st.
WANTED- 10 square pianos, six organs, for
optintry schools. BTRON MAUZY. 308 Post.
$150 CASH will purchase a fine uprtxht; call
at once. 1021 Van Ness ave.. room 7.
A ETEINWAY. $165: installments $3. $5. $7. $10-
rents $2 op. HEINE'S. US Ellis st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy Planoa. 303 to
312 Post st.
GOOD Fischer: treat bargain. SCHMITZ. 13
McAllister st.. next Hibemia Bank.
W. G. BATiGER. 412 Sacramento St.. a?ent foe
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthera, old and new. H-
MULLER. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
OKFICES~XJfD~STOnES^-ToT '£•£
MONTGOMERY. IS— J nice sunny front rooms,
good for offices; also 2 furnished rooms; renS
very cheap.
pa Ljtt isTnri
VME. Neerxaard. Prea. St. Germain Col>«» ot
Palmistry: reads 1 to S. (IS deary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. S13
Taylor st.. b»t. Geary & Post: phone bla<-k 561.
PERSONALS.
J2LECTRIC lights la every rornn- Winchester
• Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: ICo rooms;
lie to USO cer night; $160 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN elescant sutt fcr $10 75 frcm Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. I.EMO3. 1U7 Market st._
between Seventh an<t Eighth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-eftcloth!n~
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: teL Black OZX.
LADIES' and gents* cantcft clothing bought and
•old. Bllverman. $34 Folsom; tel Folsom U91.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought; also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton »uST. .THOMAS, P.VW7 L, , May 2O.-The
United . States coast survey steamer
Blake, while surveying: Culebra, Orpaage
Island, off -the western coastof : Porto
Rico, Btruck a sunken rock and sustained
some damage. . She Is now docked
here, 'Her. repairs will . retiu'.re several
Survey Steamer Blake Damaged.
The trial of- tho • other defendants will
be continued until the 'next term of the
court.' •::.•"-." " • • :
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T.. May 29.—
Dave Bord/ who was charged with mur
der, has been acquitted by the jury. .
Bordwas a full-blood Cherokee Indian
and, with three ; other Cherokee Indiana,
was. Indicted for the- killing of Re<j Cloud
Brown; near .Vlan, Cherokee Nation, near
ly ; two years ago. The. other defendants
In. the case; are "Walter Feather, James
Nakedhead , and James Walters. Brown
was shot down In cold blood at his house,
and the theory, of the Government Is that
the defendants, : having ~ a grudge against
Brown, -deliberately planned to assassi
nate him, and carried their project into
execution.
Having Killed Red Cloud Brown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cherokee Indian Pound Not Guilty of
ACQUITTED OF MURDER.
Wyoming Bandit Sentenced .to Ten
Years at Hard Labor.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 29.— The Jury
in the United States Court In the case of
Robert E. Lee, alias Curry, charged with
the robbery of. the Union Pacific train at
Wlllcox Station. Wyo., June 3, ISO), re
turned a verdict at , 2 • o'clock this after
noon, after having been out nearly twen
ty-four hours. The defendant wasi found
guilty of. robbery of the train, but not
guilty. of placing the lives of mail clerks
in Jeopardy, .which was, also charged In
the Indictment. - , : : ¦ .
; Judge Hallet gave the defendant . the
maxlmums penalty .of. ten. years at, hard
labor in the penitentiary 'and sentenced
him l to t- pay v- the > coat ' : of % proceedings
asoinst -him. ; Ninety UayB were granted
Pensions, Postoffice Changes, Patents
and Bills Introduced by
C&liforniani.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California: Orig
inal—Louis Capsul, San Jose, 16; Ell k.
Dunnin, Alarneda, $6; David D. Blakeman,
San Bernardino, $12; Gouverneur -U.
Bruce, San Jose, ?10; Thomas Pollock,
AVheatland, IS; Frank Bell, San Francisco,
?6; Samuel Holmes. Palmdale, $6; Charles
R. Hoogs, Los Angeles, $6; John H.
Worth, Dixon, $6; John C. May, Santa
Maria'. $S; Royal G. Sparks, Santa Paula,
$6. War with Spain: Original— Allen
Brant, San Jose, $12.
Oregon: Original— Charles F. Deguire.
Silverton, 56; Harrison Tingle, Quincy, ?S.
Washington: Original— Daniel Shadle,
Vaughn, $S; James C. MorrisorT, Span
gle, $8; Orin S. Grow, Kent, JtJ; Orln tiin
*on. dead, Catlin. $12. OrlginaUwldow—
Mary A. Hinson, Catlin, $S.
Colonel Charles A. Woodruff,. assistant
commisary general, upon completion of
duty in the Department of California, will
proceed to Manila for duty as chief com
missary, to relieve Major Edward E.
Dravo. Major Frank Greene, United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, will pro-,
ceed from San Francisco to Seattle on offi
cial business pertaining to the signal
corps of the army.
Frank Wilkinson has. been appointed
postmaster at Woodbrldge, San Joaquin
county, vice Thomas R. Burkett, resigned.
An additional letter cairier (mounted) is
allowed the Bakersfleld. Cal., postofflce on
and after July 1.
The First National Bank of Berkeley,
Cal. ..was authorized to-day to commence
business. --_
Senator Perkins* bill providing means
of acquiring title to two groves of sequoia
gigantea in California, w^th a view of
making national parks thereof, was re
ported to the Senate^iavorably by Sena
tor Bard. The bill authorizes the PAir
chase of the property for $123,000 or con
demnation proceedings. '
Representative de V'rles Introduced a
bill authorizing the use of rights-of-way
in forest reservations and national park3
for electrical lines, canals, pipes, etc.
Patents for Callfornians: San Francisco
—John Bouse, steel water gates; Willis
O. Dodd, ore concentrator; Arthur Hough,
assignor to J.O. Gunn, manufacturing sub
stances resembling mannite; Henry Kess
ler, duplex pumping engine: Alfred Rpsen
holz, assignor to Trenton (N. J.) Uron
Company, cable tramway grip; Stephen
W. Shaw and N. W. Shaw, sash lock;
Hadwen Swain, gas or oil engine. Sacra
mento — George M. Dlxon. elastic wheel
hub for vehicles. San Jose — Thomas
Harding, adjustable window shade hold
er. Los "Angeles— George W. Maxwell, as
signor to National Mechanical. Directory
Company, advertising city directory and
information cabinet. Oakland — Joseph E.
Morris, assignor one-half to W. W. Whit
man, water filter. Fresno— Rescue B.
Page, vehicle hub. Tomales— Oliver L.
Roberts, check hook.
i Oregon: Albert B. Gibson, 'Polk county,
washer: . ' .
Washington: Frederick J. Wood and P.
L. !Lachapelle, Hoqulam. saw mill set
.works. - . _ • -r.- .-.
'-•¦.: TRAIN-ROBBER CONVICTED.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Rajore. hence Feb 15.
Palled May 26— Ger ship Marie Hackf«*Id. for
Ipswitch; Br rhip Otterspool. for North Shield*.
MAURITIUS— Sailed April 25— Br ship Cape
Wrr.th, for San Francfsco, 'via Newcastle,
NSW.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 27— Br thlB Hutton
Hall, from Oreron.
FLEKTWOOD— Arrived May 23— Br ship Wat
erloo, trom Tncoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 25— Br ship Crown
of Scotland, hence Jan 10. ! *
LONDON— In port May 1?— Br ship Riverside,
for" San Francisco; Br ship Tola, fcr Honolulu.
FALMOUTH-Hail(/1 May 27— Br shin Claek
mannanshlre. for Leltb: Br ship MayflcTd. for
R'.incorn. May 2S— Br ship Edenballymore. for
Limerick: Ital ship Salvatore Ciampa, for Hull.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed May 3— Ger stmr Luxor,
for S?.n Francisco.
tfCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 2">-j-Stmr Graf
Waldfrree, from New York, for Hamburg, and
proceeded.
SYDNEY, NSW— Sailed May 2>— Stmr Mio
wera. for Vancouver, via Honolulu.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 2>--Stmr Furnessia,
from Nev.- York.
Sailer! May 29— Stmr Astoria, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 29— Stmr Kal-
Fer Maria Theresa, from New York, via Cher
bcure. for Bremen.
NEW YORK-Sailed May 23-Stmr Cufle. for
Liverpool: stmr.Saale. for Bremen, via Cher
bourg. and Southampton.
BOUtOONE— Sailed May 2S— Stmr Palatla.
from Hamburg, for New York. ¦ ...-
Townsend.
VENTl'RA— Sailed May 23— Stmr Newburg.
for San Francisco.
ME.VDOCINO— Arrived May 23— Stmr Point
Arena, hence May 28.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 29— Russ shin Sylfld,
for Queonstown.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived May 23— Schr
Ethel Zane. lience May 13.
CASPAR— Sailed May 29— Stmr Clecne. for
San Francisco. • , ' • -s
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 26-Stmr City of
Sydney for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 15— Br ship Speke. to
load fcr San Francisco. 2S— Br stmr Mlo
wera. from Vancouver.
NANAIMO— Sailed May 25— Br stmr Robert
Adamson', for San' Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived Mar 24— Br ship Afghanis
tan, from Newcastle, NSW.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 2S— Br ship
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
SPOKEN.
Per Br bark Musselcrag— March iS. lat 52 43
S. Ion 173 iO E— Br ship "Winsdcre Park, from
Newcastle, Aus, for tan Francisco.
April 30, lat 3S S, Ion « W— Br bark Inver
lyon. hence Fob 24. for Queenstown.
May 8, on equator. Ion IS W— Br ship King
George, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
May 8. lat 2 N, Ion 30 W— Ger ship Nereus,
from Oregon, for Que#n«town.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The schr Artur B. from Seattle, for Cape
Nome, returned to Port Townsend May 2S with
rudder head damaged and deck load gone.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Tacoma,
from Victoria; stmr Farallon. from Skaguay.
Sailed May 2S— citmr San Bias, for Nome.
Arrived May 23 — Stmr Valencia, hence May 26.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed May »-Schr Fan
nie Dutard. for Nome; schr Melancthon. for
San Francisco; schr Pioneer, for Honolulu.
Arrived May 23— Schr C H Merchant, hence
May 12; pchr Jennie Stella, from San Pedro;
schr Tleroiter, from Guayrr.as. .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 20— Bktn Gleaner,
and scl^r Abbie, for San Fianclsco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Del Norte.
from Astoria, for San Francisco, via Eureka.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 29— Stmr Cres
cent Ctty, for San Francisco.
SAN* PEDRO-Satled May 13— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco: schr Comet, for Port
GRAND HOTEL.
H Carey. Sacto ;J F Condon. Nev
J E Ellis, Log Gatos 'J H Smith, Tacoma
VT I Christie. Cal {Mrs E H Smith. Wash
A Haloes, Woodland \K J Laundy. Seattle
G D Worswick. S Jose E J Roberts, Lompoc
C W Sill. Stanford C H Daniels. Los Ang
J A Miller, Stanford Mrs C Forrester, Cal
E W Masse}-, Cal F A Curtin. Stanford
C J Smith, Seattle S Lubbe. Stanford
C L Morrtll, Redding C C Rueeer & w. Butte
Mrs L» Goodsall, Ills IE L Rueser, Butte
Mrs C M Baldwin. .Ills A H Dana. Pta Rosa
M J Streinlnc & w, Percy Davi?, CanttviUe
Santo Rosa . J Sr.'.lU, Gait
J F Boiler, Porterville A Rlnguer, Chicago
A Bannmeyer, NY J L Flanlgan. Reno
G E WriKht & w. 111 !Mrs Flanlran, Reno
Mrs E H Samuels, CalJ W "Watters, Cal
H Duvergay, Mexico jT C Wood worth, Cal
Mr3 II J Grlpwold, Ia|B F "Wetherby. Boston
G A Griswold. Iowa \V H Bryan, Suisun
Mrs II E Pratt, Cal !A C Kendall. N Y
Mrs O O Tllfey, Col [Mrs C B I>wee«, L A
Mrs F L Rossbach, Col A C Pain. Cal
D J McDonell & w, CallMrs G Yeamber, Cal
H L Smiss, Cal IE A Edwards, Los Ang
C A Campbell. R Bluff |H Clarke, Cal
J N Birde. Cal Mrs E M Jcnes, Sacto
W W Priestley. Cal !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Small, San Plego |G W Wise, Stockton
E Wenze, Madera W Chinn. Vallejo
O Wilson. Rio Vista J F Wood. Maine
J Kehrlein, Fresno J A Kent, Michigan
J R Shaff, Uklah 'J Jackson. Los An*
T C Loveless. Needles jF L Freeman, Haywds
W H Johnson, Needles |C McCarthy, Tacoma
J B Montler. Sacto iH F Baxter, Seattle
J X Sraithson. ChlcagoiR Smith. Modesto
•Dr. W S Gaylor, Cal R D Lord & w, X T
A F Lean, i.hlcaso Dr A O Eckhardt. la
J "White _ w. Gait W R Schmidt, Ky
A W Foster, S Rafael | B U Stelnmrn. Sacto
B P Barker. LlvermoroiJ B K Connolly, Ohio
H K Shirley. N Y j\V A Wasr-rJey. La
Douglas S Cone. Cal J H Hlnyetn & w. Pa.
F Held & w. Va IW B Jackson. Colo
Mrs W Bulty. Rivers«i<* , Mary K Jackson. Colo
K H Wintermute, in tj E Kelty. N Y
C B Rexford. Chicago G* W Adan^s, Ma«s
W«W .Smith, gacto Miss Adorns". Mass
J Mullins. Plymouth O S Rogers. Minn
J II Haslocher. Oakdale Dr J Korblfc-. Cal
Dr. J O Thompson, Cal J Finnell, Trhama
H Aimer. England js Finnell. Tehama
Mrs Auger, England K H Belcher, Boston
O R Spauldlrg Jr. CSA J H Ullrnan. Chicago
P Eire & w. Menlo Pk K K Reed. N Y
II H Moore & vr, NY. A O Blnrham. Cal
Raymond Whltcomb Kxcursion.
J C G HoDfel ,J W Hcm-r
Mrs Horfel Oin Homer
Miss Anna Hopfel !E I Howell
MiM K Flick ! Miss I Howell
Mrs C M Vail f S rt Kelly
Miss Mabel Vail 'Mrs A F Adams
Miss M K Vail iMrs F Williams
W E Damon ,Mi?s Maxwell
Mrs Damon JMiss E A Maxwell
Dr A C Tole 'Miss E G Rennans
Mrs Pole Mrs Cleveland
C A Cooke .:-:. | .
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
, PALACE HOTEL
With regard to ocean and lake surveys
the House refused any appropriation for
surveys by the navy and tied up the con
ferees with instructions. It also refused
to concur in the Senate amendment to
abolish the two years' sea criiise for naval
cadets. With this action the naval bill
was sent back to conference, the confer
ence report on the other items having
been agreed to. The conference report on
the postofilce appropriation bill agreeing
on all items except the Senate amendment
appropriating $£25,000 for pneumatic tube
service, was adopted and the House then
concurred in the excepted amendment.
The opponents of the extended service in
the House reconciled their concurrence la
this action upon the ground that the
S225.000 simply carried out the existing
contract. The bill now goes to the Presi
dent. . '"- - : ¦-• ~ ¦'-"'' -
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
authorized to procure by contract armor of the
best quality tor any or all vessels whatever
referred to, provided such contracts can be
made at a 'price which In his Judgment is
reasonable and equitable; but in case he is
unable to make contracts for armor under the
above conditions he is hereby authorized, in
his discretion, to procure a site for and to
erect thereon a factory for the manufacture of
armor, and the sum of $4,000,000 is hereby ap
propriated toward the erection of said factory.
The House to-day by a vote of 107 :o
124 refused to accept the Senate amend
ment to the naval appropriation bill re
lating to armor plate and adopted a mod
ified proposition reading as follows:
House Action. on Armor Plate.
Fairbanks of Indiana endeavored to se
cure consideration of the bill providing
for the extradition of criminals from the
United States to Cuba, but Allison de
clined to lay aside the appropriation bill
for that purpose.
Ayes— Aldrich, ' Allison, Bard. Beveridge,
Burrows. Carter, Clark". Cullcfm. Deboe, Depew.
Klklns. Fairbanks. Foraker, Foster, Gallinser,
Hansbrough, Hawley. Kyle. Lindsay. Lodge,
MeBride, McComaa, McCumber, McMillin, Pen
rose. Perkins, Pettus, Platt of Connecticut,
Platt of New York. Proctor, Quarles. Rosa,
Scott. Sewell. Shoup, Simon, Stewart, Thurs
ton. Wetmore. Wolcott— ¦ 10.
Xoes— Allen, Bacon. Bate, Butler, Caffery.
Chandler, Cockrell, Culberson, Daniel. Hale,
Harris, Heitfeld, Hear, Jones of Arkansas,
Kenny, Mallory, Martin, Mason, Money, Petti-
Brew-. Rawlins. Teller. Tillman, Turley, Tur
ner—£6. -¦¦¦-.• f~".I
WASHINGTON, May 29.— A few minutes
before* adjournment this evening the Sen
ate added to the sundry civil appropria
tion bill an amendment appropriating
55,000,000 for the Louisiana purchase ex
position to be held at St. Louis In 1903, on
condition that $10,000,000 in be
raised by the exposition' authorities. ..The
amendment was offered by Cockrell of
Missouri and was adopted without debate
and without division. Because an amend
ment offered by.Gallinger of New Hamp
shire subsequently was stricken out on a
point of order Gallinger moved to recon
sider the St. Louis fair amendment, and
that motion is now pending. As it Is
known that a considerable majority of the
Senate favors the fair amendment it
seems reasonably likely that the motion
to reconsider will not be adopted.
The committee amendment to the para
graph relating to the enforcement of the
contract labor law and the Chinese exclu-
Bion act was so modified as to read that
the enforcement of these laws should be
"under the supervision and control of the
Secretary of the* Treasury." As thus
modified the amendment was agreed to.
Bacon of Georgia addressed the Senate
at length on the Teller .resolution ex
pressing sympathy . for the Boers, after
which the resolution was referred to the
Committee oh-' Foreign Relations by a
vote of 40 to 26, as follows:
Resolution Expressing Sympathy for
Boers Referred to the Commit
tee on Foreign Re
lations.
Five Million Dollars Appro
priation Voted for the
Exposition.
SENATE FAVORS
GIVING AID TO
ST. LOUIS FAIR
PETALUMA, May.2?.-Jean, the 12-year
old son of G. F. Woodson, was run over
and instantly killed by the day freight in
the local railroad yards at G:30 o'clock. thi3
evening. Young Woodson with other boys
jumped aboard the freight as it came Into
the depot, and jumping off fell across the
rails. Throe trucks passed over the body.
The • accident occurred a few hundred
yards below the depot in full view of peo
ple coming: from the factories. It is the
custom for boys to- ride on the trains in
the yards, despite repeated warning. The
railroad men were exonerated.
the Rails, Three Trucks Pass
ing Over Him.
Jumped From a Car and Fell Upon
the attorneys in which to file a bill of
exceptions. Lee will be taken to the State
penitentiary at Laranile.
YOUTH RUN OVER BY
A TRAIN AND KILLED
THE SA_> FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
11
HAIXHOAD THAVEL.
...TO.". . •
Philadelphia
AND RlTURN via
Santa Fe
M fall I __
Tickets Sold June
12th and 13th good
to return 60 days.
Office, 628 Market St.
McAVOV «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market st., -between 8th and 9th.
¦ . Telephone . South 247.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKE_PIXG. j
BUCHANAN. 6027~corT Fei;— Sunny furnished i
bay window; kitchen; gas etove; $12.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDV. 201— Nice large furnished front rooms ;
cheap; light houeckeeplng; gas, bath; quiet.
EDDY. 917— Nice sunny eonnectin* rooms; fur-
nished; no children; private residence. .
ELLIS. „» — Two small eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms in rear; $».
FIFTH. 32-Suite of 4 rcoms for housekeep-
Isg. .
FOUSOM, S34 — Large sunnv bay-window room;
kitchen; cioseta; bath; everything prlv.; S3 25.
FOLSOM. lO&rBanay furnished alcove front
room for 2 for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 3C4^Lovely housekeep-
ing fcr S adults; piano; bath; storage; thor-
ouslily, renovated.
HARRISON, 751—4 rooms; furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent J16.
HAYES. 4«1 — Bay-window fiat of 6 rooms and
bath, no; or gel! for <2»\ j
HOWARD. Sf64. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
_bj»ck and front rooms for housekeeping.
•HOWARD. Si?— Single housekeeping, $6 and $7; t
«ulte with every convenience for hcusekeeplng, j
tlO and $12. |
HOWARD. 1061— Large funny completely fur-
nlshed housekeeping room. ¦''";':
HOWARD. 1606 — Two front rooms; bay window;
compl»t» for hou«ekeeping: private; cheap.
HYDE. 4?8— Sonny front parlor with kitchen;
_]<->o front basement suite, tH.
MISSION. 1514. near 11th— 2 large sunny rooms;
laundry and bath; no children; rent $12.
NATOMA. ?S4, near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closet.
OAK, 113—2 Bunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping. {10: single rooms, $3 and JS.
POWELL. 911H— Desirable unfurnished kitchen
and large sunny rcn. ; neighborhood nice; tS.
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms: bath, garden; J!S; adults only.
SIXTH, 119A — 4 connecting rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, -with piano;; also other
rooms.
STEVENSON. 153. bet. Third and Fourth—
Eunny housekeeping room*, completely fur-
nished: also single rooms at reasonable price.
ST. JAMES, cor. McAllister and I— Lguna — See
our select apartment house for families;
handsomely furnished, sunny front suite. $16;
single large room, JS; modern fittings for
light housekeeping.
BUTTER. 407—2 rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished; suitable for light housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 62—2 or 3 rooms, furnished: station-
ary tube; rent reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1GSS Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2100 Fillmore st. j
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Dnfnrn.
A— BRCNSwick HOUe IB, US Slxth^Roozns.
25c to Jl per night, Jl 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 139 Post— Sttnny comer suites to
gentlemen and families: references given: ele-
vator; all conven'ces; tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 1«S Market st. (old No. 1360-Fur-
nlshed rms., suttee, single; also unfurnished.
EIGHTH. S4B — Sunny furnished front alcove
room, suitable for 2: large closet; $2 per week.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny, . unfurnished j
rooms to let.
FIFTH. 853— Single furnished rooms, *4 and $i;
also 1 furnished for houseekeeplcg, J7.
FOLSOM, 55S— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water.
FOLSOM. S«5. corner Sixth— Suite of 8 elegant
eunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th <The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nlshed tunny rooms, single or suites ; reasonal.
FOURTH. 225— Nice large room, suitable for
light housekeeping.
FOURTH" tZTVg— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single room*; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. tSt (The San Jose)— Newly furnished
Eunny front suite of rooms and bath.
GEARY. 4% (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated. i
GEARY, 1012— One neat 6unny room; furnlehed
or unfurnished.
GOLDEX GATE ave., 239. near Hyde— Nicely
furnished front room, housekeeping If d.e-
eired: also single room. •
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. tH Mission et.— Select
family rooming bouse; Jl CO to JS per week.
HARRISON. 7S4%. near Fourth— Finely fur- |
r.ished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences; j
homelike; Jl week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, ~>23 — Two large sunny housekeeping
rooms, bedroom and kitchen; running water.
I HOWARD, K»— Rooms from Jl week up to J3;
j lie to II night: also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, IC26— Large sunny furnished front
' room. J10: also back room, J7.
! JESSIE, _3, oft Seventh— Furnished fiat; also
rooms.
KEARNY. 104— Front suite, J unfurnished
rooms, $10: 2 front suites. 4 rooms, $18.
i LEAVENWORTH, 1DI1— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
$10.
MASON. E02 — Nicely furnished single rooms.
MINNA. €67, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. Jl per week; transient.
NINTH, 21— Nicely furnished rooms, Jl 50 per
week.
CFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric- lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL, 121— Light, dean rma., suites or sin-
gle; transient: running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to Jl; week, Jl 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL HOUEE, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'-
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, 52
to $S: month. $S to $M; elevator on office noor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
! SACRAMENTO. 1M4. bet. Hide and Larkin—
: Large sunny front room on second floor, ele-
i gantly furn.; bay-window, water, grate, gas.
| SHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth st..
: near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j STEVENSON, 2574. upstairs— Newly furnished
rooms; private family; terms reasonable.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK, 31$— Nicely furnished bay-wlndpw room,
with lath: terms reasonable.
TWO nic*!-" furnished sunny rooms, together
cr separate; rent reasonable. Inquire 1559
Pacific ave., between Larkin and Polk.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— One or two nicely fur-
nished rpoms: corner; sunny upper flat; every-
thing modern; central.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlom baa been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ' *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch cfflce, 2200 Flllmore *t.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.'
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutler sts.—
Pleasant sunny tingle rooms and suites, - with
board; first-class, with every convenience.
HAIGHT. 222— Sunny rooms, with board for 2,
$49; also parlor suite, with board for 2, J60. \
LAB PALMAR. 1*20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 1
nnf.: private: bath: ein. rms. : board nptional.
MARKET, 1O45A, Hotel Robinson-Furn. rms..
n-lth first-class board: double. J10 wk.: single,
1 J2a mo.: modern: elevator: table board. $iwk. :
meals. S5c. MISS M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
i NEW family hotel: exceptionally good In every
1 rartlcular; eummer rates. 6C7 California st.
VAN NESS ave., S44 (The Wallace)— Rooms aad
board: furnished and ucXurclahed; $23.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl. ' •
JtOOSIS WANTED.
LADY with daughter 8 years of age desires by
September 1 a well-furnished sunny room,
with board, in a strictly refined private fam-
ily no other children, near Emerson or Van
Ness public school: references exchanged.
Address at once MRS. W. H. LAMBERT.
HUo, Hawaii, H. I.
WANTED— A room In" poor family where there
are children: within 5 blocks of 4th and Mar-
ket Bts. : not particular about' room. Address
WV K. RANDELL." 913 5 a Market st ,
2 OR S unfurnished rooms. ' Box 1775, Call
office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
BAD'tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10; tel. KK0.
ROOMS papered from *3; - whitened. Jl up:
painting done. Hartnsan Paint Co.. 319 Third.
~~ STABLES TO LEI*.
?5 STALLS: suitable for milk depot; J2S; water
free. 2530 Mission st, 4 j
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)',
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
¦20 Fifth et., ' opposite Lincoln School.- j
¦ Telephone South SO. 'lif-'i
SEWING 3IACIII>r.S AND SUPPLIES.
ALL klsds bought, gold, and repairing guaran-
teed. 'Cfcas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, nold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth tl.
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. *22 Mission st..
tel. South 525— Packing, moving and storage.'
PIEP.CE-RODOLPH Storace and Movins Co.
! Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5*13.
PACIFIC Storage .and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TVPEWaiTEItS AM) SUPPLIES.
_ RE^^ARGaI^S^IN^WeWRITERS— We
fell better machines for less money tnan any
house In the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main ZM.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
i
! ALAS1EDA HUAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN if sold at once; cottage, 5 rooms,
bath and pantry: open plumbing; planked
bajse^nent: lot 35x135. T2S Halght ave., Ala-
nu>da; Mastlck station, broad gauge; Webster
Htation, narrow _auce. •_
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
_>>' foreclosure: bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1. 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
oakland real estate.
at^aTJctToST
at auction.
¦ AT AUCTION. !
. AT AUCTION! •
Saturday, June 2, 2 p. rr... at salesroom.
LAYMANCE RKAL ESTATE COMPANY.
400 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
EXECUTOR' S SALE.
Subject to conflrmation of court: .
No. 1. _7,,'*_.
Starr estate, S. E. cor. Fifth ave. and East
Tenth st.; elegant <Starr) residence; 15 rooms;
furnace; stable; lot 125x140 or 200x140; location
choiceet in East Oakland.
No. 2.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Adjolnins above, N. E. cor. Fifth ave. and
East Ninth St., Clinton Station; opposite elegant
mansion of W. S. Goodtellow: in 4 subdivisions,
37:6 and 5C_14O each; don't fail to see them.
No. 3.'
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Waters estate S. \V. cor. Tenth and Webster
sts.; 50x75; buslnees lots for stores or flats; 2
blocks of First National Bank (Tenth and
Broadway): !ot is outride of new fire limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE.
1510 West St.. Market or narrow-gauge sta-
tions; 8 rooms; modern; curly redwood finished;
mantels, gas, etc.; 35x100; only $500 cash, bal-
ance 8 rer cent: rents $25 month.
EAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK.
7£S and 76SVs East ICth st., bet. 13th and 16th
aves.; 2-story brick buildins; store and upper
flat; lot 25x140 to allev: terms cash.
INCOME FLATS.
S. E. cor. Sixth and Castro sts.. Market-st.
station; modern building; each 5 rooms, bath,
gas. mantel; brick foundation; lot 37:6x75; fine
location for store; only $400 cash, balance five
yearly pavmer.ts: rents $27 50 month.
! " EASY TERM RESIDENCE.
6T7 Sixth st.. near Castro, adjoining above; 2-
.storv, 9 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot
37:6x75: near Market-st. etation; only $300 cash,
balance 5 yearly payments.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court.
802 Franklin St., bet. Fifth and Sixth; cottage
of 5 rooms; lot 25x75; only 2 blocks of Seventh
and Broadway: rent $12.
ELEGANT 9-ROOM RESIDENCE.
464 Merrimac (or Twenty-eighth) St., near Tel-
egraph ave., on beautiful ,McClure Heights;
modern in every respect; lot 63x110; bank mort-
gage $1200 can rpm.ain: must be sold. .
FINE BUILDING LOT.
W. side of Adeline Et., 1SS feet N. of Eighth;
50xi:S:3; choice location: Adeline ptation.
SAN PAULO AVENUE LOTS.
N. W. cor. San Pablo and Bonton aves..
Golden Gate station: 3 lots. 46x100 each; location
for 6tores; new elertric line and Santa Fe Rail-
road will treble value: half cash.
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY COTTAGE (CITY
LIMITS).
S. side Benton (or Sixtieth) St., 300 feet w. of
Grove-st. line; 2 blocks Lorin station; 8 rooms:
porcelain bath, mantels, finished basement; cost
?an Francisco merchant $4000; !>G_135; new flat
loan $20W. balance caph: a snap.
HOME NEAR TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.
E. «ide Ruby et., 200 f»et N. of Moss ave. (or
Thirty-Eighth ft.); modern: bay window; ?
rooms, bath; cement basement: extra flnebarn;
lot £0x100; choicest shrubberies; new flat mort-
gage $1MX). balance cash.
RESIDENCE 33D AND GROVE STREETS.
i -6S3 Thirty-third st.. near Grove: modern; 2-
I story: 8 rooms; lot 36x100: $5C0 cash. . -. -
Remember dat*>. Saturday, June 2. C p. m. .
Write for maps.
Call ami be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
Office and salesroom 460-462 Eighth at., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BLOCK 64, must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th st..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
teenth St., East Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
IS pages, Jn wrapper, for mailing, $i per year.
OAKL^xb~~FUR^ r ITlJRE FOR~SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements,
SAN LEANDRO REAL ESTATE.
J4DC0— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK _ MCCAR-
THY. San Loandro.
~ " DIV1U-M) .NUT1C1__.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 105 (flfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 127 Market st., on and after Fri-
day, June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
en Saturday, May 26. 1900. at 12 o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
"PUOPOSALSI
PROPOSALS will be received at the offlce~of
the Lighthouse Engineer, Twelfth District,
San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., June
20, 1900. for furnishing Miscellaneous Articles
comprising Hardware, Engineer's Supplies!
Lumber and Paint. In accordance with speci-
fications, copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other information, may be had upon
application to CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Major.
. Corps of Engineers. U. S. A. . ..
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlace licenses were Issued
yesterday: — -
Edward Eastman, 45, 8 Vallejo Terrace, and
Leonldcs Soto. 2S, 6 Vulcan lane.
Lulgl Tima_si. C6, 62S Broadway, and Maria
Obertello, 17, 672 McAllister street.
Arthur T. Connard. 34, 225 Ellis street, and
Nettle L. Rice. 19, Oakland.
William Howe, 28. fc-an Mateo, and Carrie
Lang, 19. 1S4 Russ street.
Benjamin F. Fipplns, 26. Penryn, Cal., and
Lizzie Gcherty. 20. 762 Seventh street.
Edward J. Honey, 23, 381 Shotwell street, and
Mae L. Mclntosh. 20, «39 Fell street. ,
Alexander A. Krasoff, 30. 17J5 Powell street,
and Julia Keppa, 16, 17 Natoma street.
Donald J. McDonell. 30, Santa Rosa, and
Mlna Kidd, 24. Santa Rosa.
J. Frederick Bortzmeyer. 23, city, and Grace
A. Hale. 23. San Diego.
BIRTHS— MARBI AGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent' by •
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of 'the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FRY— In this city, to the wife of .George L.
Fry, a, son. ' • •' ¦ r . ¦' '
MARBIED
MACINDOE— NIXON— In this city. May 29.
1900, by the Rev. E. M. P. Hodgin. Walter
Maclndoe and Elisabeth Nixon, both of San
Francisco. . .
- _______ _____
Bird. Johannes W. Hamer. George H.
Brown. Edward R. Jordan, Michael .
- Browning, ¦ Jeremiah Lewis, Myer . i
Chisholm, Valentine McLoone, Peter R.
Coughlln, Addiellne Rice, John G.
Coulter, Prudence Riordan. Walter A.
Cowin, Stephen . . Roche.' Michael. .
Dalrimple, Mary Rogers, William
Davis. David Searle, Capt. Robt. R.
Devine. Mary F. Stacy, Geonriu B.
Gunther. Eva T. Sternltzky, Bertha
Haley, Dr. Chas. S. Walsh. Julia A.
BIRD— In Oakland, May 21, 1S00. , Johannes W.,
beloved husband of Mary C: Bird, and father
of Jos!e. Willie and Viola, Bird, a native: of
Sweden, aged 4H years 10 months and 16. days.
A member of S_n Francisco Camp No. . 4 - 37.
¦ W. of W. . - • - ' ¦-- ';- . - . - ¦¦ : ¦ :. .¦
K_~Fri»>n<ls and . acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend tho funeral service*
thla day (Wednesday), at - 2 'o'clock! at
Masonic Temole, corner Railroad and Four-
teenth avenues. South San Francisco, -under
J the auspices of South San Francisco Lodge
PERSONALS.
A>5 American busir.essi man, SS, would like to
, meet wcll-e_ucate_, reflned business lady not
over .5; object matrimony. Address box 174*,
• Call.
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervous dis-
eases, fkin disease*. !ut»k diseases, rbeunu-
. . tism, ossification and 5tl?t joints; no drugs;
¦:'¦ T»o knire.- IJR. L. J. STRATTOX. "07, MS. 5C9
J'arrcu building, over Emporium, San Fran- j
cisco. CM.; ooneultatlon fr»«. J
PK1VATK Jefc-ti\-e ti-iwk; reasor_.ble rate«: ten |
years' rxjwrier.^f. J. B. HAY, 2C7 Jessie et.
52 SO _1EVS shoos for t\t'j a pair at the Bee
; • Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St.. near Third. x
."' ACADE_T ror the XEW SC1KXCK OF HKAXa-
ING; nil ...~.«.s^ are curable: V.'ITHOCT
DRUG?. WITHOUT Or»nn\TIONS: consulta-
tion free. DR. WM. BCHMITT. EWtPoti-t.
LEDEKER. the popular hairdresser.
wants U diFtlnctly undemood
triat he does not cri— rste extr—
for the very latest and newest
etylea of hairdressin*. In fact,
he has but one price. C5 cents.
Call and prove It. 123 Ptookton st.
VISS EHEIDON". chlroi>odirt *nd business ad-
vice. b50 Market St., seeotnJ floor, room J7.
DETECTIVE— Honorable ; ccnndenti-l; cecrets
l_r!o!_te. A.-ren bcx «?0. Call efflcc-
HAIR quickly curled nr waved by usinc Tal-
cctt's Cnrlisg Fluid: Z3c bottle: dragclet-.
CAST-OFF cloth'.rjf. old srold and silver bought;
«cr.<3 7>Q5ta1. CPU-MAN'S. 506 Kearny »„
PBOTOGRArHIC SLPPI.1ES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
ftu_!r. li Geary ft., rryund 3ocr.
.'UV_IC1A\- AND MRGEOXS.
r>rt. C C. O" DOXXELL- -Office and residence.
lZTVit Market st.. bgt. iSlxth and^ Seventh.
FREE treatment 1 tncnth to Introduce our fa-
rac-a rercedle-. DR. POPE & CO.. O Turk.
CHRONIC and other disease* positively cured.
DR. GORDIX. £14 Pine st..- cear.Ke— my.
IIE..KU ESTATE CITV — FOR SAJ-ET
EASTON, E—DRITXIE _ CO..
«3S Market street.
INVEST-tENTS EAST OF I_U___* STREET.
tie.ooo— r.en-.s jireo j>«r »--tit-; on G_u-y et.:
new modern L-uli_ir.c: store and two 7-
roca fixt*; lot 25x137:6 feet.
JK.2S0— Rents 31443 per a_nu_.; Post St.: J ele-
rant Cats ol 9 rooms and bath; every
modern Improvement ; lot 25x137:6 feet.
CXOCft— Re-its fiSM per asnuna; on Stockton e_;
11 flat* and house: 4 front-***.
5t653— Rests $790 per annum; on Larkin __. near
'. ¦ Bush; 3 tine flats.
EVEKY FLAT RENTED IN EVERT ONE! OF
ABOVE INVESTMENTS.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
S1Z.50O— Rrats $___ per annum: I.«ra.it e_: S
tieeani modern flats of 7, 8 and 8 rooms
and bath; lot 2ix_M to rear street.
t_.W0— Eer.ts COS! per ar.nnm; J modern flaU, T,
8 and tl rooms e_td bath; lot 26:11*120 to
rear etreet.
$7500— Rer.ts JW5 per a__o_a; S new, elegant
mo_er_ __._; S rooraa and baxh. porcelain
tubs. Uie ___tels, frescoed dome ceillnsa.
etc.; A-hbury st... near panhandle.
J£T35— Rents $600 per annum; make offer; Grove
b_, near Lj-on: 3 modern _ats, 6, • and 7
roc__ and bath; lot _a_137:S feet.
tU30 each. baJance J4S», on instal—neat mort-
r&se, p«i.-_~.e_ts K< per nontt; Clayton St..
near pasha _ wile; 1 new modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms a_J bath; every modern lmprove-
_.e_t; rents lift rer xsonth.
CT50— R^nts J^T6 per arnum: opposite proposed
pa__a__:e. on Fell rt-: J well-built flats
ot 7 rooms and bath; lot 23x1 J7:6 feet.
MISSION FLATS
JCDOO— Rents $648 r>*r annum; mortnct ©» X5SA;
4 Cats on Harrison st.. c_r Fourth; lot
_:x-i feet.
JS_OO— Rents P64 per ann_a: S Cats of 4 aad 1
rooms; lot fcOxTS feet; near Sixth and Fcl-
eora sts.
t__»-M_Et be ac'.d at once: « Cats. 4 and S
rooms; rents J»C7 per anaum; lot 33:5x75
feet; Clara et., tear £!___.
CHEAP SO IJ TH -OF- MARK— :T _OTS.
WITH OI_D IMPROVEMENTS.
$;3X>_Nato_5a et, near Third; Ox83 feet.
X2ico— Tfbama et.. n«ar Fourth: KiTJ. feet.
tlSS*— Natoca St., near Seventh.
CHEAP -W-ESTERN tiOTS.
$_4no— Pa«* st-. near Cole.
KiO**— Ccrner on Washington St.; SlxlOO.
A EEACTIFUT. NEW HOME.
$C000— Hefla'-ed frcm J3_>0; tew hou?«. 6 rooms
ard bath; porcelain tubs, tile mantols.
r->> rrates. china closets; pretty artirtti
frcnt; lrcn fence; cement walk; bitumen
street; cars pass the door; Mission waxta
-••it: will taake tenr.s.
EASTON. E-DRIDGE _ CO..
; ¦•:". CSS Market street.
Baldwin _ howeiju ~~~
u montoomert street.
H-ETREET FHONTAGES.
Several choice lota en this thoroughfare at
ra<-Kjer_-e prices and on easy terms; get particu-
! lam at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
127.500— Pa<-i_c-ave. residence; elegant modern
I residence; 17 rooms, 2 baths: all arrar s ements
fcr an up-to-date home; lot 37:6xl_2:6.
SC"0— Octavia rt.. rear Broadway; two-story
. residence of b rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents J-45.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
T-ro.OOO— TMrd-Et. corner; 127:6x137:6; store and
Ca*s; rood Improvements; r»nts 12J0.
145.000 — Fo!som-rt. comer; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontage?: rents TITO; lot 100xS7:6.
-JILOOO— Rents 1113; Castro-st. corner; etcres
and flats; lot 5Ox«o. ¦-.- , ¦.
AN OFFER WANTED.
rr&5— RItch «:. 5 flats; rents $42 M; let 22xS0.
I^iO»— Rents J65: Na terra st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flat* above; lot 25_75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT.
J2750 — Richmond fSFirict: entirely new; S cot-
tEfc»5; modem in every respect; easy terms.
t-_5O— Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
em residences. Just coispieted; 6 rooms and
bath and ba-ement; Jot 25x120; easy terms.
tlLOf*— Pine St.. n«_r Buchanan; Kood mod-
ern residence; "0 rrKjins and bath up-to-date
plumbing; electric light*; lot 25xU7:C
VACANT I.OTR
J'XO— Van Ness av«.; corner; S2xlO9.
j:3.0C»— Presidio Heights; corner; l»7:«xl_7:S\i:
flse marln* view; choice r»=el<i«?nr-e lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
IS.3V— Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
' C ' 10 Montgomery st.
SELECTED list of choice lots In Richmond,
neil located, all ftrret work done and very
rhesp; situated between two great parks, the
Presidio os the north and Golden Gate Park
on the south; easy of access by. the electric
car*; Eleventh ave.. w»*t elde. between Point
L/->bcs ave. and Clement St.; two lota. 2ixl_0;
$750 each.
Tenth ave.. weft pi<ie, W feet south from
Clement; 2 lots, 23x120; J1800. ; .
T*»nth ave.. e_»t eide. a few steps north from
- Clement, two lots. _5xl»: J1500.
T<rnth ave.. weft side, between Point Lobes
»v». ar.d A at., thr<»* lots. tZxiSH.
J700 each; Just for what they were rr.ortraired
for years axo; any one locking for a nice buld-
:• c _2te r.hould go and examine these lots.
KQ 1 'Cailf?r-*la N gt.
If you have fcperty north of the Park, or
Homer'. Addition and the Mission, that you
want to di?i>cse cf. then call on W. J.
GCN'N. £30 -California rt.
"within the reach of ali_
Those handsonn new hcniee on Ashbury Heights,
Dayton pt., near Frciorick; contain large re-
erption hall. j>rt:ty parlors, dining-room and
kitchen on parlor floor; 4 lanr«\ sunny bed-
roirr^, with 4ressiris-rocm£ attached, on second
flwr; open r-i-mbin.?. N-autlful mantel*, marble
»ler>s; splendM tarte «hown In the decorations;
charming situation: sui*rb \*lews; bice cars on
Eddy-fit, line (Uaicht ar.d Ellis transfer) pa*s
¦ the tror^rty; only a few hundred ca^h required
<3o«-n. balance in *mall monthly payments at a
low rate of int»re*t.
• LYOX _ HOAO. 114 Montgomery tt
.jyf«— RED? CTD from tl-jCCO— 77x100 f>«^, with
. the improvement* thereon, south trlde sei-en-
-.:.'% tenth st. «N"o. S54S), 208 feet west of Guer-
¦..•• rero; rJfo fronts on rear street. CHAS. C.
. .FISHER. C4 Market st.
. $172V— HEDl.'CED from «42'K>: eleirant modem
' .crrftag'. 6 rooms and bath; lot 20xli;:9: west
.. ." cid» Diamond et.. No. £12. between Twenty-
• >ecori(I and Twenty-third. CHA& C. FISHER,
. "• X2f Market 2t.
¦ ''-t:m— LOTS 57 and W, Holiday niap A;ea_t Bide
."'¦ -• Iloceoe rt., 7S fert nouth of li^nton av'e.
¦-. "CI1AS. C. FIKHER, C24 Alarket Bt. .
•V ijCiDHRN baattM and flat" built at lowest
."• ¦•'Tribes: p'8n« and eEtlmaf* fumlsht-d for all
:'-, .buil-lnr work. CAMPBELL. J1S7 Mission «t.
S:-.. CJXKATT.FT and b«rt in America— The W**kly
.-' '~_:i. :< t ••"*¦*. "it to any address In the
. Unitr-d Ftates or CanadA one year for $1,
v \x*,rtAz* paid. - .
HHAL ESTATE COirXTI-V Vnr Sal*
J"Oi1 Fale— 3IO acres school land on lit. San-
hf<Irtn, l^akV Co.: very ch»ap; best rttuated '
for a raaatr reecrt. Bcx 289S. Call office.
• *'Ort aale — Rare bargain : fian Jos* r^"'dence.
______ I. C. 6PERO. care Call. S. '
RAII_R.OAD TRAVEIi.
. OWOTHRKS IVtt'll'ir rOJI_*A«T.
iFACtriC »r«TKM.)
Train* lon-c nml nr* «t ••«• !• i»rrl»« Ml
. k.«n i'it ».">«•• !.*««¦«».
|M\ln Line. Foot of Market Street)
lkatk -Fr.o_ Mat 13, 1903. - a»*i*I
*7i00a B-nici*. SuUmi. E'.aiir*. V_c»»CI*,
• ltuni3»T ah. I .vicr i'n«u(o . *7<(3»
•T:OO.» Shasta Kxsvu - Da.U WiUl_ms(for
Btttiett Srri-csX WlUo-s. lied
_i'ifl. Tonl-mi. *7it3r
•?t3O» M«:!ii,c7, |an t:*n:i.i;. Y_'.iej'». Nftpa,
CfctUfar- -itilTtonU lU*_ •_:!."»?
*A:OOa DiTin, TO<vMlla:i_, Kn!g_tt Lft-di-C.
* M»r}»til:», «>rutiI!B •7il3r
•*:9O* Atlantic Ka pr»*s— Ojihn and Kut UI.-1.1*
•«:3»4 S'4ii J<!«», Lt*-rraurv, .ilouktuii,
Ion». Sacramento, - PUchtI-O,
M ir-ifiilr. ».'hic;i. Kail ItliitT *4iMr
•1:30* OaiJ-K C-i-eta (for Yvisemite).
S KMira.' Ckrtera. •«:!*»
•9!(IO« Hajw-rrla, M!'»wl Wat .srttM.tn. •¦ 1:1.1*
••JsOtf* Los Anrsles- £-preaa — MarUnex.
Tnej, Lathroy, htockton, Mereru
¦ -¦¦'¦*: latmm 'fliM*
~*'.>:3Ot Y:ill.-}.>. M tfii:irr aint Way SUtlom ••>!¦»*
•IWtOO* Th., Otc-tm-t i.i-. .Ivd— O:_ou. Doa-
»rr. Oitish*. Chic*** •Stll-
•|l:O0a Nil. v i.ir«rtiKire, ntocatsn, Saera-
eviitn, .V-mlota. HaMfixd. Tlialla,
. lVir,-r»ii! 9 Mll»»
•I 4: Aft- tUjT.rli. Ni!« »ml Way SUtloni. "Jil3r
tliOOr SwTAutentit l:i>«( 8t««Hima t3:O»«
•:t:«»i»p iiaj<r>r-l<i. JS'l!»« -»i..l Way -taUuna. 'iiHr
•litarllntkn: s-».. l-»i V-ll«)o.
Sip, «UH»i«i:«. S.i.t* Kri* '1»iI1.
•IsOUr lltoicU, V.ic:?n. Macmninix A '
Wi>n<t:%!ii1. Kiii.l.U l.ilijl'll.
MaryMl.'i-, '»¦ •¦''¦'¦•' *iasl1«
•l:Ui»r N;>*. h»n .Ji-o»i>«l.S|tiMV>ii •?it.tr
•»-.O»kTJi» Oil I.in-li».l-Tr»ry. Ftesi.o.
lUkenlla!<i. ihjj :« t,-r a-ute l:*r-
Vara, I.:* Antttm* ••: lit
*3:0Ap Fre4in» l'_$ii?tis«— M-rtiin-x. Lath-
roa. Stoe^tuD. SlwcA'. UctcsUa
(Ra-Mosi! Ift' V<!*eini»«). ?"rewio. . • I • j I »»
•S:MrNe- Wf«'i Kirrr— -lUHw— ii-UI.
:<«ut^ S>.rl.*i«. !.«.» A i. f "lea. lirui-
r.is. r.i r»«o. n>..t t •«;-»>.» ami
. i East 'i.O*
¦SiBtp HauU Cn Kn'itn- Atlantic Eipien
. ¦ f..r M.ij«f» i...l K.'Ht *a*C3ff
•li»9f n_r«an1a. Nil»» »u.l .-.»n Jem *?af-«
»u : oiif V-Reki -laii-iF
•6:«iir Or: -!;:.»! M-i! - Ogilaa. Ch«yan_«
¦- ' <.r,,»:,i. Chl-i; ' "ll:»»»
•«:O9r Od«util Aliit-Diteo. Doater.
Ora.li*. Tliicaj.A M:l.1p
tiiOOr Valb-jf, I'- u «'..<ia aiul Way ftta-
Ut.na I_:».lp
•StO3r Oregon anil Ca_ Tank Ki|.>,w. x ao -
ti»ir«iit.s f«arji««ll!». PV.I.liu*.
|Virtla».t. f»-.« s,,..,..t _,,.t »:„» ?».I1>
(OAVI HIV1>1ON ISir'tfk «.«»«•).
. <Fm.t «f M-rUrt Slr«l.»
t7:l»* Pact* in?* Kic«r«f<>'i fur HaaU
Or n= and fatMip*! W>y 8t.i::.;in l*:O»P
•¦il5»N»«a>a.t>irtKrrill^^:»n.T.M^. Ki-lton.
Lim.icf Cf. i-L.S.i.i «( n:.: *n.l V.jy
HUlU-n : •.... •«:3»p
|3>l»r S««*»a, r«u!«i«i!,V. tan .l..an. K»W
AliuaJ*n. r-!U>il. Itoiii.ler «'ri-«k,
H%i!t« Una an- 1 Vrincipat Way
i Haajinin »l»i-1«»
•r«l5r Nctr«r«, MmmJcw; f««G-taa ¦¦•:•¦»_»
ill;l3p Oicnwud.;. Tn'tini. ?*<*n'a t:pii! tti;S»4
CREEK ROliTE FERRY.
T:r>* Sl» FKl'ejiS'.a— .»-«•¦ tl tirail siriti iS:t» 8) —
•1:15 9.60 ;i(.HI. _. 115- 'JSJ J3.:3
ri:C3. ts.sj •{.«!¦.«.
fM_0UUJ5-r.il »'l£mi*»».— -fi.00 iliO I3:OO<M.
na:S3 "i:C3 i-.aa ; i:sa ina •Sicai-.-.
lIMSt 1>I VISION ( llroa.l Cam*).
(T-Ir.l :.!¦ J lo >n»e:..l Stt. ) ¦
tflilOx Ucn-n Vi«i». South rtaii franciaeo.. »«::i»r
t«:O»» Hati Jo.i« »;ul \\*j Ktalion* (Nstf
A!oi»!.M )TtiTimil-j«-lilj] *I:1(IP
l?:3Qa SumUy Eieursino f r Mao Joaa,
£}nta Cruz. l*ad_c Cms and
Principal Way .tutloua JSs33v
••1.O4 Knn Jom. Trca rim-. Hwli «'r.t»,
Paeiiie »Jt»»». I'ai • lt»liiri. San
I. uia Olijmxi. Unit, l.nmpnc anil
J'riiwii'ai Way SUHima **:H»P
•lo;ii>, ? VJ Joa* an.l Way st«ttti»< *•:»»•
•IIiUDa fAMjma.LoaCatoaaixtWxjStsttiona *3>:ior
fJ: l.-.f San Mat-... l:-.nrr.«.I. Menla P.rk,
P»lo *!ro. S_-it-C:»ra. Han .!¦¦»•,
Tr-< Pines. Stnu (.n«, 9«:iuu,
MnntCT»y am» l'«r!c IIm- «I«::»U
t*iS»p Haa Jo» »»d Way .•ilatiou* '"ilor
MxISpSanJowau.l Trii-cipat Way Station* *»ia.Vi
t1:«0rSi . Josr. toi Gltn and Priueipal
. . VTii SUtintMi : »_:O«»»
».1I.1»p »m.Imk »n.l frlneipul W»j .StaUoitl t's W»
»«:3»p'S_n .!«• ami Way Htaliou* ««!««»»
»ll:l.1r Sax .Imhii.I Way «i>.atM»t»a »~:3rtp
A for Uoriiiit( 1* for Afternoon .
•D»ii7. " t Hii...'a» »tf«pr«<l. ! Sunday oa'r
t. Sv.;r.i«y i.nly.
«S»ttird«r «»••? *-••••¦¦- -•m-.i«» tn<) Won<f»»
CALIFORNIA NOETHWESTEfiN BY. CO.
LESS3E
; SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titmron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FriANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEl-
i WEEK I>AYS-T:M. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:SS.
; t-.m. 5:10. «:«) p. m. Thursday*— Extra, trip
at 11:13 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»
! and 11:33 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:20. U:C0 a. m.: 1:10. 3:S0,
5:n«, B:*!> n. m.
SAN rtATAEI^ TO SAN FRANCISCO,
i WEEK DAYS— «:10, T:CO, t:20. 11:10 a. m. : U:4S.
j J:40. 5:15 p. no. Saturdays— Extra trtps at
1:55 and «:33 cm.. ' \ ' '
i SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. a.; t:M, 3:40.
5:C3. S:23 r. m. I
B*tw?»n San Francisco and Schuetxen Paric
¦ama irh?.l_:» as abov^ *
Z#ave I la rffect. 1 ArrtT»
San Francisco. [Apr. IS. 19C0-I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- 1 Week
Cays. ' days. I Destination. \ days. I Day*.
7:30 urn! l:00im| Novato. j!0-40 am ' S:« _rrt
1:30 r<~< *:3o am Petalnma. •:0.* ! pm 19:2* am
5:1) pml S:00 pm> Santa Rosa.) 7:35 pm, «:20 pn
Fultcn.
7:20 am Wtndanr. lt:3S am
! H-nt.l>burs
I.ytton.
Geysen'llle.
S:J0prn I:C8 «m Cloverdal*. 7:33 pm litOpra
7:3»am| j Hoplsnd j [If-.K arr»
3:£) pml S:00 am! and Uklah. ! 7:33 pm; «:M>pm
•': i am! }t3:2S am
I 3:00 a.-a Gu*raerll>. 7:25 pm
»:36 ra>! \ «:M pra
T:»an' I^'aa' Sonoma ! 9 :15 am! S:*D am
I I ard | j
5:13 pm! 5:C0 pm: Glen Ellen. [ f:OS pmf «:?> pm
7:33 am! S:C9 am! {19:40 am|lC:23 am
3:29 pm! 5:X pmi Sebastcpot. I >JQ pm! «:I0 pin
Stages connect at S«nta Rosa for -Tark West
Ft rlnjrr and .Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fultcn
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
! G«»yservllle for Skagxs Sprlr.«s: at Cloverdal*
1 for the Otysers: at Kor>Iand for Duncan
[ Spring*. Hisblsnd Springs. Ke!seyvill*. Caris-
bad eprinKn. Soda Bar. Lakeport «nd Bartlet:
' Sprincs: *t Cklah for Vichy Pprin^s. Saratoga
Sprincs, Bin* Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fprlnrs. Upper I~ake. Pome. Patter Valley.
John Day's. RlT»rsid», I_erley's. B-ekneH's.
J^anhodrin Ileijtht?. Hullvtlle. Orr't Hot
Springs. Mendodna CHy. Fort Bt-CaT. West-
port. l*«al. Wlllit*. Laytanville. Cusnmini.
Bell> Sprin_s, Harris. Ols'O's. Dyer, Scotia.
»n«1 Eureka.
; Saturday.- to Monday round trio tickets at
I reduced rates.
; On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beynnd San Rafzel at half rates.
Ticket ntflres. <50 Market St.. Chronicle bide
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAJI.
General M&nacer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
| Via Sausalltc Ferry.
, Commeneinar April 22. 1900.'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAULBT
, AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:90. *%:3O. J:S). 11:(X> _ m.-
18:46. 1:45,. »:15. 4:15. 'Sas. 6:15. (:40 pi m.
EXTRA TRIPS-Far Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondayt. V/sdnesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:W. »S:*>. ?J:**. 'lO:!)©. U:W. iut
a. m-: U:43. ¦ 1:t». i:3i. 'SMS. S:00 r •:». 7:_t
p. m. - - - ¦ '
U:C0 a. m. does not ran to San Ra.fa«i Sun-
day J... rf)9l^9i
Trains marke'l (•) run to San Qutntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *:». *«:_3. 7:iO. 8:40. «10:_i a.
m. : 12:»0. 1:15. 1:13. «3:». 4:30. 5:*> p. m ,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
ar.d Saturday' at *I:4S and 1>:M p. m
SUNDAYS— <:15. •8:00. *0:Xi. *U:0Oa. m.- 'IS-flo
tn.:.-l:M.--:15. ••3:39. 4:*). «J:43. «:i5. 7:30. wlw
p. ra
Trains marked (*) start from San Queatln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—5:o3. «:43. «:00. «:W, 10 JO i.
ta. ; 12:33. 1:45. 2:-i. 3:30. 4::0. 5:M» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS • on Mondays. Wedn**_tTs
and Saturdays at 7:1ft and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS- «:35. S:05. 10:«5. 11:10 _. m.: 12 __
1:V3 ::*>. 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:C-.-W:3o p. ta.
THROUGH TKAIN&
7:C4 a. m. week days— Cazadcra and way sta-
tions. .
J:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way »t»-
tier*.
{.-15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays exempted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
SCO a. m. Sundays— CazatJero and way at*-
tiors. ,
11:13. p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
»t_t:on». "-
illij. VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC . RAILWAY— Comraencins Sunday.
April 22. ISffi). vi* Sausallto Ferry. Week
-•ays — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. rn.. l:»i
p.m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco » a. m. .
9 ft. m.. 10 a. m., n a. m., 1:30 p. m.. 2:30
p.m. Wednesday. May 30 (D«ccratlon d_v>.
train* will run on Sunday time. Tickets eaa
be piircr.aa.ed at the Sausallto Ferry, north
end of the tTctcn Ferry Depot, toot of Jl»r--
- Jret St.. San FrancUco. Fare, round trip trom
Pan Frncclrea, |1 40. ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C2oKKAf.3IT«T. Established
In 1*34 for the treatment cl Prtvata
Diseases, Lost Man hood Debility or
d!»«_«~e-J ring on botiyandmindond
Skin D!ie_^s.'l_e«loctorc_resw_su
nthersfall. Try him. Cbars** low
Carrujvaranlrrl. CallorwrtUL
Or. J. *¦- uIHBOM. Box 1*57. Saa Kraadaco
Welly CtlLliilfiar
YOUNG Men's Institute.— A solemn high mass
¦ of requiem for the repose of the souls of all
departed brothers of ths Y. M. I. will be cele-
brated at St. IgnatlU3 Church this (Wednes-
day) morning (Decoration day), beginning at
¦ 10 o'clock. An appropriate sermon will be de-
livered and special- music will b<* rendered.
Relatives and friends of deceased members
of the order are most respectfully Invited to
be Dresent. - ROBERT TOBIN,
President Roard of Management.
D. E. HAYDEN. Secretary.
E_TFrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral "to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 4Q5 1 ,J Grove street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church. Fell and Fiilmoro
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose ot his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
ItOCHE— In this city. May 29, 1900, Michael
Roche, brother of Denis D. and Philip A.
Roche, Mrs. Michael Curtin. Mrs. J. Roche.
Mrs. L. Lorgarl and Mrs. Rider, a native of
the parish of Brosnla, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 66 years. '
ICTRenr.ainB at the parlors of J. C. O'Conr
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
ROGERS— In this city. May 23, 1900. Wllnam
Rogers, beloved son of Minnie and the late
H. Rogers, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year.
SEARLE— In this city. May 24. 1900. Captain
Rcbert ft. Searle, a native of England, aged
69 years. •
B_~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Bush and
Goueh streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland. Cal. j
STACY— In Reno. Nev., May 27, 1900, Georgia
B:, only daughter of Esther A. and M. V. B.
Stacy, a native of San .Francisco, aged 34
j-ea rs.
£T Notice of funeral hereafter. ,
STERNITZKY— In this city. May 23. 1900. Ber-
tha, bfloved wife of Rolnhold Sternitzky. and
mather/Of Anna, Robert. Richard. Robert F.
Jr. and. the late Marie and Willie Sternltzky,
a native of Kreuzberg Ober, Schleslen, Ger-
many, aged 71 years lfl months and 3 days.
C_T Friends and acquaintances arv respect-
fully ln-vlted to attend the funeral Friday,
June 1. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 201 Charter Oak avenue, corner Augus-
ta street, near Silver avenue. • Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. ,
WALSH— In this city," May 29, 1900. Julia
Agnes, beloved daughter of Julia and the late
Rtephen C. Walsh, a native of San Francisco.
ICTRemalns at the'rarlorp of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.; 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
4 neral hereafter. [
|T_TFrlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother. Sol Lewts. 1601 Post
street, thence by special train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock for Home
of Pear« Cemetery. Please omit flowers.'
McI>OONE— In this city. May 29. 1300. Peter R..
beloved son of Peter and Ellen McLoone,
and brother of Francis W., Sadie and Mary
F. McLoone. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 17 days.
RICE— In this city. May 20, 1900. at his re3l-
dence. 322 Eighth avenue,- Richmond. John
G., relict of the late Mary Rice, and beloved
father of George A. and Thomas F. Rice and
Mrs. Annie Stoll, a native .of Ireland, aged
6S years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
RIORDAN— In this city. May 29, 1900. Walter
•A., beloved son of . Catherine- and the late
John O. R'.ordan. and brother of Frank H.
and KUa F. Riordan. Mrs. James A. Ahern
and the late Daniel A. and John T. Riordan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 17 days.
C7"Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o clock, from his late resi-
dence. 10S San Bruno avenue, near Fifteenth
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEWIS— In this city. May 29. 1900, Myer Lewis,
beloved husband of Rosa Lewis, and brother
of .Sol and William Lewis, Bophia Hlrsch-
baum, Carolina Foreman and Fannie Hess, a
native of Boston, Mass.. aged 72 year3 4
months and 3S days.
ir_~Kriends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock,- from the parlors
of J. C, O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
DAVIS— In Berkeley. May 28, 1500, David, hus-
band of Margaret Davis, and father of Mjs.
H. C. Perkins and Samuel, James, Arthur,
Sarah, Elizabeth and Rachel Davis, a native
of Wales, aged 78 years.
C7*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral sarvices at the family resi-
dence. 2547 Channlng way,- corner of Bow-
ditch street. Berkeley, to-morrow (Thursday)
moralnu, at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
DKVINE— In this city. May 29. 1900. Mary
Frances, beloved dauzhter of Nicholas and
Grace Devine, a native of Des Moines, la.,
aged JS years.
GUXTHER— In this. city. . May 29. 1900. Eva
Thompson Uunther. beloved wife of Edward
W. Gunther, devoted mother of Eva A. Gun-
ther, and daughter of Hartwell C. and the
late Hannah Thompson, a native of San
Francisco, axed 33 years.
HALEY— In this city. -May 2S, 19C0, Dr. Charles
S. Haley, beloved husband of May A. Haley,
father of Mrs. E. E. Hall, Mrs. J. E. More-
house, Mrs. William A. Jenkins, Mrs. Wil-
liam C. Ellingwood and Wlllard G.. Charles
P.. John T. and Clarence E. Haley, and
brother of Mrs. Joshua Chadbourne and Mrs.
S. Q. Low, a native of Maine, aged 67 years.
E~Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Incinera-
tion private.
HAMER— In this city. May 29, 1900, George H.
Hamer, a native of Baltimore, Md., aced 75
years.
JORDAN— In this city. May 29, 1900. Michael,
beloved husband of the late Annie Jordan,
and beloved father of Mrs. F. Hennlg, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aeed 67 years.
tCT'Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at 363H
Eleventh street..' The interment will take
place at Benicla. Solano County, Cal.
COULTER-In this city.- May 23. 1900, Prudence,
beloved wife of Joseph Coulter, a native of
County Fcrmanaeh, Ireland.
C5"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow tThursday). at 2
o'clock from the residence of her sister, Mrs.
.Albert Rlson, 26 South Park. Interment pri-
vate. • ¦
COWIN-In this city. May 27. 1500, Stephen,
husband of the late Rosetta Cowin, and father
of W. ¦ S. and- Arthur R. Cowin of VaUeJo
Junction, Mrs. C. H. Clapp of San Francisco
and Mrs. E. A. Barnes of Valona, a native
" of Pontiac, Mich., aged 74 years and 23 days.
(T/Tripnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Post and Montgomery streets, un/ler th"S
auspices of Mount Moriah Ix>dge No. 44. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Residence
517 McAllister street.
DALRIMPLE— In this citv. May 26. 1300, Man*,
wife of the late Hudson Dalrimple, a native
of Manchester. England, aged 6S years.
C_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wc-dntsday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission
Masjnic Temple, 266S Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and A.
¦ M. Intermetit Laurel .-Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral uarlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2fi£6 Mission street. • .
CHISHOLM— In tills city. May 29, 1900, Valen-
tine Chlsholm, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
C3 years. . .
COU<JHLIX— In this city. May 2S. 1900," Addie-
ii line OcuRhlin. beloved —rife of William Cough-
lin, and beloved daughter of M. H. and Mary
Harrington, a native of Nevada, aged 25 years
and 4 months.
i K_rp*rlends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully invited to attend-the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his bouI at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
BROWXING— In this city. May 2S. 1900. Jere-
miah Drowning, brother of Jacob Browning, a
native of Now York, aged 63 years.
Xo 212, F. and A. M. Interment private.
Remains at' the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
BROWN— In Los Angeles, May 25, 1900. Edward
K. Brown, beloved brother of James S. Brown
and Mrs. Bradford S.' "Wheeler," a native of
San Francisco, ated 32 years.Mary Ilortal, a three-year-old child,
died yesterday morning from burns re
ceived through playing with matches on
the previous night at the residence of her
parents on Maple street, between Persia
and Prussia. Her mother went out to
visit a neighbor, and the girl and her
companions found the matches and began
to ignite them. The dress of the little
one caught lire and she was severely
burned. She lingered all night and died
early In the morning. The body Is at the
Morgue.
Child Burned to Death.
The Park Commissioners may evade the
spirit and meaning of the charter by
holding executive sessions, but if they fol
low the example given last night they will
surely forfeit the confidence of the people.
No good was ever accomplished by secret
methods of dealing with public business.
The subject was discussed In all Its re
lations to Golden Gate Park, the public
and the Free library. The unanimous
conclusion was reached that the proposed
scheme was* impracticable. Reference
was made to the fact that space Is re
quired at the Park .Lodge for maps and
records of the commission; that office
room is required *>y the secretary and
bookkeeper; that a meeting room for the
use of the board Is necessary, and that
facilities for weighing and receiving sup
plies should be maintained. No good rea
son was presented for the establishment
of a branch of the Public Library in
Golden Gate Park, hence it was the sense
of the meeting that the existing order
of things should not bu disturbed.
Mayor Phelan's desire for star chamber
proceedings can be readily explained. He
is opposed to public light on general prin
ciples. Tho example of the Park Com
mission In going Into, secret session for
the transaction of public business Is re
grettable. The trust committed to the
management of the Park Commissioners
is enc in which all of the people of San
Francisco are concerned. It is absurd to
conceal from the public anything that re
lates to the proposed embellishment. Im
provement or management of. Golden
Gate Park. The charter contemplates
that public business shall be openly con
ducted.
The only board that is permitted to hold
secret sessions is the Board of Police
Commissioners. Even the Board of
Health recognized the charter require
ment for open sessions and In order to
evade the law adopted the plan of com
mittee reference and provided that the
committee should consist of the entire
board.
The meeting was called to consider
Mayor Phelan's proposition to convert the
Park lodge into a branch" of the Free Pub
lic Library.
Mayor Phelan attended the meeting and
objected to the presence of newspaper
representatives. Thereupon Commissioner
Zeile moved that the board go into execu
tive session, and the motion prevailed.
The Board of Park Commissioners, con
sisting of A. B. Spreckels (president),
Rueben H. Lloyd, Jasper McDonald, F.
"W. Zeile and John A. Stanton, met in the
red room of the Bohemian Club last even-
Ing. The board was In session from 8 un
til 11 o'clock.
Matter Was Discussed for Three
Hours in Secret Session, the
Mayor Being Opposed to
Publicity.
Commissioners Decided That
They Cannot Spare the
Lodge.
PHELAH'S PARK
LIBRARY SCHEME
WAS DEFEATED
THE SAST FRANCISCO - CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1900.
J.\ W. Pearson of "wildcat" fame had
the chnr*co of obtaining money by false
pretenses preferred against him by Cath
crlno Bruner dismissed by" Judge Cabanlss
yesterday. Pearson repaid the $10Q he got
from the" girl, who' had him arrested, for
n pnnsage to Cape Nome on his shiD
Flunlgo.
Paid Back the Coin.
Mnrtln Johnson, a returned Klondiker,
wns held to answer before the Superior
Court hy Judgo Fritz yesterday on a
chnrgo of assault to murder In $2000 bonds.
Bemuse hl« wife had instituted divorce
proceedings npalnst him he went to her
house nt HOG Montgomery street May 14
nnd flrcd two shots at her.
Tried to Shoot His Wife.
B. F. I .oil font filed suit yesterday
agnlnst May Uedfortl for annullinent of
tholr mnrrlnpc Plaintiff alleges that at
tho tlmo It took plnco his wife had a hus
band by ti former lrnirrlnge In the person
of Wlllliiui K. Atkins, whom she married
December 15, 1S9K. In Cooks County. Illi
nois.
Charges Her With Bigamy.
David Peyser, n merchant of Oakland,
filed a similar petition. His liabilities are
55.84S S5 and his assets $1200.
. Delmar E. Ashby, a fruit grower resid
ing at Palo Alto, filed a petition In In
solvency yesterday In the United States
District Court. He has no assets and his
liabilities are placed at ££.99S 40. of which
sum J51.-JS4 90 Is due on promissory notes
in favor of 1. G. Wlckersham, deceased, of
Petaluma.
Big 1 Palo Alto Failure.
¦William Sullivan, who resides with his
sister, Mrs. Taylor, at 133 Perry street,
was booked at the City Prison last night
on a charge of assault to murder pre
ferred by John Dreyer, an expressman
residing at 207 Rltch street. Sullivan haa
an ugly temper and while drunk yester
day afternoon snapped a pistol twice at
his sister and at Dreyer, who was moving
Mrs. Taylor's household effects to 511
Fourth street. The pistol was fully
loaded, but being an old affair and the
cartridges being bad failed to explode.
Sullivan was arrested. by Officers Orr and
Regan. Mrs. Taylor refused to prosecute"
him, but Dreyer has preferred the charge.
Sullivan is said to be a worthless char
acter and very quarrelsome. He was dis
charged only a. few months ago from San
Quentin, where he served a year on a
charge .of assault to murder. *
EX-CONVICT ATTEMPTS
TO KILL HIS SISTER
$2 50 men's shces for Jl 50 a pair, at" the
Beehive Shoo Co.. 717 Market sU. nr. Third*
The employes of Hale ' Brothers and
their friends tripped It merrily last night
at Native Sons' Hall. It was the occa
sion of their annual ball and the affair
proved a great success. .-•.:¦
Employes Give a Ball.
Samuel I. Marston. assistant weipher
Xo. 7, class' E, has been promoted to be
assistant weigher No. 12, class -1, at a
salary of 11200 per annum, vice Douglass
M. Quint, deceased. John A.WIttv, mes
senger No. 2. cla.«s'C, has been promoted
to the position left vacant by the advance
ment of Marston; salary $1000 per annum
Custom-House Promotions.
Lizzie Schwartz has sued Myer Schwartz
for divorce, alleging cruelty t an cause of
action. Suits for divorce on the cround
of failure to provide have been filed by
Berdie L. Bachelder against Walter b
Bachelder, Jessie Duras against Armand
Duras. Ada Southwell against Frank
Southwell, and Loualla' Taber against
Edwin Taber.
Divorce Suits Filed.
a few months ago Mrs. Curtaz secured
a divorce from Benjamin A. Curtaz on
a charge that he had been , unduly Inti
mate with Miss May Scrlbner. Mrs. - Cur
taz was awarded the custody of her
minor children, Benjamin F. and . Albert
Hugo Curtaz, and alimony In the sum
of 5125 a month.
It was announced to Judge Dalngerfield
yesterday morning that Benjamin A. Cur
taz was two months In arrears in his ali
mony account with his •. former wife,
Josephine Sarah Curtaz, and was antici
pating, an extended trip through the
Eastern States. The court forthwith is
sued an attachment ror the arrest of. Mr.
Curtaz and llxed his bonds at $1000.
For Arrears for Alimony.
Young Medicos of College of Physi
cians and Surgeons in Annual
• Prandial Session. y ¦¦'^;
The second annual banquet of the Beta
Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Kappa Fra
ternity of ,the College of Physicians and
Surgeons was held last night in the Maple
Room of the Palace Hotel. The follow
ing; named, doctors were present:
\V. G. Beattle, W. E. Buell, C. S.
R. <N. Dodsworth. G. \V. Goodale, J. D. Hill,
C. \V. Knowles, O. Lalst. A. P. Lewis. Wil
liam • Peters. H. CJ. Plymire, F. P. Saterlee,
C. O. Southard. B. F. 'Williams. Eugene G.
Wood, Hugo A- Wahl. F. E. Allen. Ed. An
thony, "Mr. Bruton, Mr. Connolly, W. N.
d'Arcy, G. C. Dickey. S. W. Goodale. L.
Jacobs. A. W. ¦ King, . E." W. Scott. Mr. Taylor,
C. G. Wilson. W. T. Young, Wlaslow Ander
son. E. E. Kelly, D. A. Hodghead. E. G. Fris
bie.. E. S. Howard, William E. Jackson.
Charles E. Jones, Redmond E. Payne, A.
Schloss, H. P. Wilson, E. Cooper, A. E. Os
born. E. H. Hennesey, H. Darcy Power. A.
Werner. A. F. Robertson and D. A. Morton.
BANQUET OF .THE ALPHA
KAPPA KAPPA FRATERNITY
. Cronin has already pleaded gul ty of tho
burglary of the Benlda poatofllcef ami It
is expected that he will plead guilty to
the present indictment. K " l> .
Ex-Convict Cronin Indicted Again.
The United States "Grand Jury found n
true bill of indictment yesterdny nKntn.it
William Cronin, alias James Kelly, nllns
James Johnson, charging him with hav
ing burglariously entered the Colusa pout
office on the night of March 18 of thin vonr
and having stolen about $200 worth of
property therefrom.
"Our work will be necessarily technical,
and not diplomatic, although we are op
erating, under- the. direction in this: In
stance of . the •' Department of > State ¦ at
Wo are simply to ascertain the loca
tion and mark out for the guidance of all
persons the line established by the modus
Vivendi between 1 Kngland and the United
States," said Mr. ; Tittman to-day. "This
line was agreed to in October, lsM, after
several months of negotiations. ' It is by
no • means a ; permanent '. or : established
boundary line -beyond the terms and life
of the modus vlvendi.
SEATTLE, .Wash., May 29,-The Amer.
lean members of the International Com
mission appointed', to survey and mark,
out the Alaskan-- boundary line at Lynn
canal, under, the modus Vivendi, arrived
in Seattle to-day- from -Washington City
and will In a few days proceed to Victoria,
where they will- meet the two British
members of the* commission. The Amer
ican members . are C. . H. Tittman, assist
ant superintendent of , the United States
Coast and ' Geodetic Survey, and his as
sistant, O. B. French. They are gathering
fitatistids and information here concern
lng-the matter they, have In hand.
Mr. "Tittman said > that it would require
probably two months to complete the sur
voy. The line will be marked with the
usual monuments, stakes, etc. On Chil
koot and White; passes mounds of a per
manent character will be set up. so that
there may be no possible dispute at these
two i points -.as to the exact' location of
the line. , /Ssssi*
Assistant Superintendent of Coast
and Geodetic, in Charge of tne
Work by This Government,
' '- Now at Seattle.
American and British Com
mission Soon to Begin
the Work.
PREPARING TO
SURVEY ALASKAN
BOUNDARY LINE
Cincinnati Man Who Was Nearly
Killed by a Highwayman Takes
Sis Bride Bast.
The fact that J. F, Bortzmeyer was shot
and nearly killed by a highwayman in this
city a few weeks ago makes a romance
of his marriage yesterday to Miss Grace
A. Ha'.e of San Diego. When the young
man was. lying at the point of death at
the Receiving Hospital soon after his en
counter with the footpad and was told
that his chances of recovery were -Email
he asked that his sweetheart be notified
of his condition that she might' be at his
side when the end came. Miss Hale came
to this city and her coming probably
saved Bortzmeyer's life, for from the tim >
Bhe reached his bedside he rallied and
rapidly gained strength. . . •
Every efTort seems to have been mado
to keep the preparations for the wedding
which took place at S o'clock yesterday
morning, a secret. The license was taker,
out at the earliest hour possible. It is»
understood that the wedding took place
at a private residence, only two wit
nesses beins present. Since his discharge
from the Waldeck Sanitarium Bortz
meyer has been staying at the Souther
land Hotel on Sutter street. Yesterday
morning he gave up his room there and
said he would leave for the East in the
evening with his bride. His home is in
Cincinnati, where he will engage in mer
cantile business.
BORTZMEYER AND MISS •
HALE ARE MARRIED
to him. Rlley was very much pleased at
getting his watch bark."
• By the time you get this I will b? well on
my way to Oap<* Nome, nnd If I play in (rood
lu^k I will return ycur money with interest.
My friend will leave tbe watch' and chain at
the' Windsor Hotel. It In well that you com
pl'.^A with try request, as In all probability you
miKfct have had to attend jrcur own funeral and
I mleht be In Jail. Respectfully.
O. I.A.TIMER.
"The stranger with the package came In
while I wa* busy," paid Night Clerk Mc-
Colllster, " "and handed me the package.
He went away Immediately and before I
had noticed whom the bundle was for.
He was a seedy looking man. but I couid
not describe h;n>, as I paid little attention
. Mr. ..Iti'cy: Owing to circumstances I was
compfjjul to stop ycu and exact a forced loan
to i»,<> e-rtent of (30 and your watch and chain
The money cacie in vttt handy, but the watch
nnd chain I was afraid to j-awn, as it had
your name an<l also the portrait of your daugh
ter. I hope you will excuse ire. for what I
¦<Jid ay I was 1n <JcFi>erat<» Mralts. You prob
ebJy won<3cr why I »t« not arrested; that could
4.f.l happ* n as the cop« ire In it th»m*elvt?s.
The footpad who stood up James H.
PJley en the night of May 5 last on Haight
Ftrect and robbed him of a sliver watch
ar.d $30 in money has returned the time
piece with a polite note of apology. The
package containing the note and" watch
reached Mr. Rlley through the medium of
a mysterious friend of the footpad, who
left ir last Monday night with H. H. Mc-
Conister. clerk at the Windsor Hotel
xvhere Riley .lives, ar.u swiftly departed'
The note is as follows:
An Interesting Note Contained in the
Package, Which Is Left "With
Night Clerk at Windsor
HoteL-
James H. Riley Receives
; His Timepiece Through
a. Stranger.
ROBBER SENDS
BACK A WATCH
WITH APOLOGY
Washington. The distance to be surveyed
is about twenty-five miles."
Mr. Tittman expects to begin ncttvo
work in the Meld about June 15. He nn<l
Mr." French will meet the Canadian com
missioners at Victoria. They are \V. 1<\
King and J. T. McArthur. A party of
about twelve men will be taken along to
assist In the field work. The exp<-nnos of
the survey are to be shared equally by
the two countries. *v -/
He resided at 1204 Mission street and was
a piano polisher by trade, but was handy
at almost anything. The body was re
moved to the Morgue. «- •
Both of Roche's legs were broken at
the ankles, his left elbow was dislocated
and he was suffering from' internal injur
ies. He was conscious up to a" few min
utes before his death about two hours
after the accident. . lie said he had no
friends in the city and prayed for death
to relieve: him of his terrible sufferings.
Folfeeman E. J. Rlley was in the vicin
ity and, calling into requisition a pass
ing express, wngon, he had the old man
taken to the O'Farrell-strect police sta
tion, from which place he was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
The old man was sitting on the ledge,
hard at work, when the sash of the win
dow he was cleaning began to give way
and he lost his balance. He clung des
perately to it for a few moments, but it
gave way entirely and he fell to the
sidewalk, a distance of about fifty feet.
Michael Roche, a window-cleaner, CS
years of age, was fatally injured yester
day af tfernoon by falling \ from ft. third
story window in the new Uayes building,
corner of Post .and Devisadero streets. It
is an apartment house and Roche had
been employed by Mrs. Lahgley, one of
the tenants on the third story, to clean
the windows.
¦fTy? ». unknown man made a desperate
./OV attempt to end his life in the lodg-
Jj Jn»r-house at 95 Steuart street yes
terday. About 5 o'clock in the
morning a man made his way up the
glairs' into the lodging-house. He car
ried : a bundle ur.der his arm and
seemed to be slightly under the influence
6t liquor. He was given a room facing
Hast street, but he refused to take it on
the ground that it was too public, feo he
•was given one facing Steuart street.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the landlord was
passing- along the hallway and noticed a
strong smell of gas coming from the room
wh're the stranger had gone to bed. He
rapped on the door, and receiving no an
nj'-r he at once broke into the room and
fot:nd the man lying unconscious on the
bed. The man was at once removed to the
Harbor Hospital and everything that med
ical .skill could do was done to save his
life: ¦
: .A. glance around the roam in which
the • deed was committed showed that
the ¦•.man had made a deliberate at
tPtr.pt to end his life. The bundle
Jiad consisted of a lot of rags and
A. -length. of new rubber tubing. With the
Tags* he. had stopped up all the cracks and
crevices in the room and the rubber tub
tng.he had lixed to the gas jet. Then turn-
Ing tin the' gas he lay down and placed the
other of the tubing in his mouth.
When rearched in the hospital all that
•was found bn him was 20 cents and a
knife. There was nothing by which he
could be identified except an old envelope
found onth<> floor and addressed to Mrs.
William J. McCarthy. Los Angeles.
STOPPED THE CRACKS;
TURNED ON THE GAS
St. Helena and Napa officers proceeded
at once to the scene of the tragedy, and
are on the trail of the murderer.
A dispute occurred over some land, and
iast night Frank Matthai ordered the men
off the property. This morning Mr. Stan
ley with his nephew drove, in a cart to the
place, and during the altercation Matthai
raised a shotgun to shoot Mr. Stanley.
The latter grabbed the gun, when Matthai
pulled him out of the cart and shot him
with a pistol. The ball entered the fore
head and rame out in front of the left ear.
ST. HELENA, Cal., May 29.— Word has
been received here of a shooting affray
which occurred near the Magnesite mine
of Stanley & 'Bartlett. in Chiles Valley,
ten mllrs from here. The trouble occur
red at 8 o'clock this morning, and resulted
in the death of .George C. Stanley, one of
the proprietors, two hours later.
His Assailant, Frank Matthai, Is
Being Clopely Pursued by Offi
cers and. Probably Will Be
Soon Captured.
George C. Stanley Shot Dead
as the Result of an
Altercation.
MINING MAN
IS MURDERED
NEAR ST. HELENA
FATAL FALL OF AN
OLD WINDOW CLEANER
Bi" a singular coincidence William
Shakespeare, a namesake of the
Bard of Avon, and E. Brod, an
old man who closely resembles
in appearance the immortal bard,
were in the Police Courts yesterday
morning-. Brod wan before Judge Fritz on
a charge of vaerrancy. He had been sleep
ing for the past three weeks In a stable
at Eighteenth street and Treat avenue,
and had bfen several times ordered away
by the policeman on the beat. Early yes
terday morning Policeman Finnelly ar
rested him.
P>rod seemed to bo proud of his re
semblance to the immortal William, and
showed great familiarity with the lines in
The Judge tried several times to inter
rupt the old man, and when tbe latter
paused for want of breath told him that
"To be. or not to be: that is the ques
tion," shouted Brod, as he waved his
arms ?.round. "Whether 'tis nobler in the
mind to suffer the pangs of hunger and
sleep on a bed of straw than to beg a
dime for bread and sleep in a cheap lodg
ing-house. I have .suffered the slings and
arrows of outraged fortune, but have al
ways been^an honorable man. . Give me
my liberty or give me death."
"Hamlet." Why am I arrested?" he de
manded In a loud voice. "Is poverty a
crime? I am a law-abiding citizen and
demand my rights." The Judge told him
he was arrested because he had no visible
means of support.
Shakespeare appeared before Judge Slo
gan on a charge of intoxication. He was
found staggering along Kearny street
Monday night by Policeman Connor. He
had no occupation and did not know that
such a person as his famous namesake
hatl ever existed. The Judge told him that
a man with such a name should try to do
something to <arn an honorable living,
and discharged him.
he must spend the next ten days in the
County Jail.
"Most potent, grave and reverend selg
nor," .said the old man. "I do protest
against this foul outrage."
"Thou dost' protest too much." retorted
the Judge. "Away with him." And the
old man, with his head bowed down, was
led gently away by Bailiff Conlon.
George Stone Is Elected
Chairman of Executive
Committee.
The Stato Central Committee Will
Heet on Thursday, June 21, to
Give Notice of Primary
Election*
The Republican State Executive Com
mittee, wnich was recently appointed by
Chairman Forbes of the late State con
vention, met at the Palace Hotel yester
day afternoon. _The commltteemen at
tending- were:" George Stone, W. ' S.
"Wood. YV. J. Dutton. \V. F. Pierce, A. B.
Leniino:i, W. M. Cutter. Thomas Klrkpat
rick, U. F. Parker. £. C. iiart, Henry J.
Crocker, William liarr. William J. Brady,
"VVakefteid Batter. II. t>. Loveland and 1).
S. Cone.
E. C Hart, as secretary cf the former
committee, called the meeting to order.
On motion of Henry J. CruCKer Colonel
George Stor.e vas chosen chairman of
tne committee.-
In taking the chfiir to preside Colonel
Stone 5ahi he accepted the position with
considerable hesitancy. He realized
that, the chairman must have the united
support, the counsel and me guidance of
the members of the committee in order to
gain success. Feeiing confident of that
(support Ijc accepted tne ofllce.
t;. C. Hart was chosen first vice
chairman, on motion of William M. Cut
ter. Judge Hart Thanked the committee
lor the distinguished honor.
. W. F. Pierce %vas elected second vice
chairman, on motion cf A. B. Lommon.
-W. J. Dutloa nominated for treasurer
P. N. LiJk-mhaJ, . and the latter was
elected. .
At the suggestion of E. C. Hart Senator
yTflUaia M. cutter was chosen secretary.
'. W.: 55. Wood susReFle^l that Jacob Step
p'ach^r be cier-'.ed assistant secretary. The
bSuggotlon met with unanimous consent.
.Mr. Cottef moved that the chairman
be authorized to appoint standing com-
Thitt'M's. d"sign«.ted as follows:
• Campaign committee, 11 members;
finance committee, ii: registration com
mittee, 7; auditing committee, 5; com
mittee, on literature. 7; legal committee. 5.
:The motion prevailed. The chairman
f.r.:ii he would announce the appointments
to. committee service in a few days.
TV. S. Wood moved that the State Cen
tral Committee be called to meet in this
city at 2 p. m. Thursday, June 21. He
remarked that it would be necessary for
the ¦ State Committee as the governing
.body of the territory to give notice of
primary election to choose delegates to
the State convention.
W. F. Parker moved a reference of the
question to the legal committee, with
[extractions to report to the Executive
Committee. It was decided that the Ex
ecutive Committee should meet on
June 20. the day before the meet!:*? of
the General Committee. Mr. Wood's mo
ti.in. for a mooting of the State Central
Committee on June 21 was carried.
: The subject of r:i?apirp headquarters
for five- cam pain wa- Introduced. Colo
i>ol Sronn thoupht the rooms occupied dur
ing the last campaign should be reserved.
The o< mrr.U!' r- referred the question to
the chairman and secretary.
A. II.- I/fir.nvm FUfr?ested" that initiative
Bt£*m t"T ratiiication m»etinps throughout
the Staty. j-h'.sild be taken I:>« fore the com-
EbJttee adjourned. Ho reminded the com
mittee that the national ticket would be
chosen ..hofr. re the Sicte Central Commit
tee .-convened. Th.? subject was referred !
t<T the oamtiaisn <-om:nlttee. The mft- I
lnp th<n adjourned.
According to the report adopted at the
Eaeramento convention, the officers of the
Executive Crn!i7!it!o» are cx-officio Offi
cers of Ih(" S-itf> fent-il i ". .-..mitt.-..-,
REPUBLICANS
OUTLINE WORK
OF CAMPAIGN
BARD OF AVON'S DOUBLE
CHARGED WITH VAGRANCY
By Singular Coincidence a Namesake of ,the Immortal
William Is Arraigned for Intoxication
at the Same Time.
12
E. Brod and William Shakespeare in the Police Court.
UNKNOWN MAN WHO AT
TEMPTED SUICIDE.
MICHAEL ROCHE.
• ADVEBTISEMENTS. --.-.-^-^
LOW
PRICES.
We will have on sale this week a splendid
varietu of FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA
SILKS, in Roman and Two-toned Effects,
veru heavu aualitu, suitable for Waists
and Underskirts, These Silks are 19, 20
and 21 inches wide, and will he sold at
7^p Per
I O\J Yard.
Good value for $1.00 and $1.25 card.
In connection with the ahofe sale of Fancu
Silks, we will sell this week 22 pieces
Extra Qualitu BLACK SWISS TAFFETA
SILK, full 23 inches wide. Price
OOC Yard.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Grey
Enamel Ware.
Prlcen Cut
Away DotTO.
Come Just to Look.
Great American fartiiis Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
110-212 Grant Ava. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
S61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
HO Sixth St.
KS Hayes St. . JI3 Third St.
1419 Polk St. Ki Montgomery At*
2316 Mission St. 70S Larkln St.
SC06 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
H6 Ninth St. 475 Ualrht St.
KOS Fillmor* St. X2S5 Mission St.
12 Market St. 1732 J4th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
10I3 Washington St. CIS E. 12th St. •
1237 Broadway. HS3 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alainada.
4- Room Furniture
FOR $98,
BEDROOM-Brtroom «et. 7 piece*, hardwood:
1 Botxl Wire Spring, 1 good Top Mattress. I
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR-6 pieces Oak or Mahogany CphoJ-
etered Set.
DIXIXG-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Eiten«ton Tabla.
« Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN- 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 1 Sti»T«. *
Chairs.
No extra eharr* on credit
r • — MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ptris. i. E3PIC : Htv Tork. E. rOUOSaA * CO
. SOLX> BX *"- DRUCOISTSL
KEW WESTER* HOTEL,
KEARXT AXD WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 80e to Jl 50 day;
J5 to %i week: *S to 120 month. Frea baths; hot
and cold water every room: flre crates la avery
room: elevator runs all night.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall a l
on Application.
y ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. Cftnd* t>r.
COAL COKB AND PIO JNO.X
J. C WILSON & CO "O Battery Str^t
J.W. UlLJVn q IU-. Telephone Mala 13*4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. DLTTH. Mir.
CW. SMITH ck! p Swwblnr, Steamboat and
... •*"*•*"• Ship Work a specialty. IS ao4
» Washington »t. Telephone M«toH4
PRE5H AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO pippins Butcher.. 1M
JrtJ- UVILJ ft \,\J. ciay. Tel. Main U94.
F. C [JUfiilFS PRINTER.
1 "UUllCJ. W San»otn. it.. B. y.
STATIONED AND PKINTE5*. ;
T "*<£dff'° PARTRIDGE " ggg* 1 *
WHITE ASH STEAM COALJ'Sg^S
i ; 5aU5fied\A/ithy our walk in 1
|:'life? /f nox-wear XasVs shtfea. Ji/ear them!
¦ because therei5 wear in them-as well as 1
H full vakie tor amount-. paid. -j