"There is an evil habit which has be
come almost a custom among our Vice
roys and Governors which must be eradi
cated at all costs. For Instance, when
ever thtse high officials have had on their
hands cases of international dispute all
their actions soem to be guided by a bo-
Hef that such cases would be amicably
arrarged'. It is our special command that
should any high official find himself so
hard pressed by circumstances that notn»
ing short of -war would settle the mat
ter, he is expected to set himself reso
lutely to work out his duty tn this end.
Or. perhaps, if it be thj»t war has been
already declared under " such circum
stances, there is no possible chance of the
Imperial Government" consenting to an
immediate conference for the restoration
of peace.
"It behooves, therefore, that our Vice
roys, Governors and commanders in chief
throughout the empire unite their forces
and act together without distinction or
particularizing of Jurisdiction, so as to
present a combined front to the enemy,
exhorting and encouraging their officers
and soldiers in person to fight for the
preservation of their homes and native
soil from the encroaching footsteps of tho
foreign aggressor.
"Never should the word "peace* fall
from the mouths of our high officials, noi
should they even allow it to rest for a
moment within their breasts. With such
courage as ours with her vast area, her
immense natural resources and her hun
dreds of millions of inhabitants, if only
each and all of j«ou would prove hi3 loy
alty and love of country, what, Indeed, is
there to fear from any invader? Let no
one think of making peace, but let each
strive to preserve from destruction ana
spoliation his ancestral home and graves
from the ruthless hand of the invader."
SALISBURY EXPECTS
SATISFACTORY SETTLEMENT
LONDON, June 25.— Lord Salisbury is
still hopeful that the Chinese crisis wlll.be
solved without war against that country
as a' whole. In spite of the alarming re
ports he inclines to the belief that tfte
Government of China in some satisfactory
form will shortly be able to reassert Itself.
He does not mean that he belittles the
professions of the various Viceroys, who
have given notice of their willingness to
co-operate with the united forces. With
out committing himself to a definite view
of the future, he appears averse to any
scheme of territorial indemnity which,
when order is restored, might be suggest
ed by the powvrs who have sufferer' Jur-
Irg the uprinir.g.
The intervlrv/ of the United States Kvn
bassudor. Joseph H. Choate. with Lord
Salisbury on Saturday was due to instruc
tions leceivcd from Secretary Hay, In
which the Embassador was notified of tho
friendly professions of the various Vlce-
sul General Gocdnow proved the unrelia
bility of these reports by stating that not
a word had been received in Shanghai
from Peking since June 14.
The authorities do not know, therefore,
if the foreign Ministers in Poking de
manded their pas-sports, and doubt if they
would take such action without first con
sulting their Governments. The authori
ties here are sparing no pains or expense
to get in communication with Vice Ad
miral Seymour's column at Peking, and
arc hopeful that Admiral Kempff will be
able to obtain trustworthy InformatiTO
within a few days.
By Wednesday it is expected that the
first troops will sail from Manila, and oth
ers will be sent as rapidly as possible to
Taku until a sufficient force has been
gathered there. General MacArthur was
directed by cable to-day to send a. supply
of ammunition and rapid-fire guns to
Tak,u. The collier Scindia Jias been di
rected to proceed at once from Gibraltar
to Mar.Jla. '•,
"There is no foundation in the report
that the 'North Atlantic squadron is be
ing prepared, fqr war." said Secretary
Long this afternoon. "Men and not ships
are needed In China, and I am confident
that the International situation is not
such' that there will be a clash between
the powers."
¦ - ¦
ALL ENERGIES MUST
BE DIRECTED TO RELIEF
CHEFU, June 25, via Shanghai.— United
States Consul John Fowler has received
from Rear Admiral Kerapff the following:
¦' "Only one communication from- Peking
has reached me since communications
were interrupted ' on ; June 10. It was
dated June 12. - No direct or Indirect news
from' the 'Ministers since.
"About 450 foreign troops. Including 56
American marines, went to Peking to
guard the legations. A force of 100 Amer
icans, with a total force of 2500 men of
all nationalities represented here, went
on June 10 to open the road and to relieve
Peking. This movement was by permis
sion of the Chinese Government.
"The latest news from the expedition
was dated June 12, when the expedition
was at Lang Fang. . The railroad has
been destroyed behind it since. .
"Any news that can be obtained or ef
fort . made for the relief of the legations
and the lives and property. of foreigners
should be done at any hazard. All ener
gies and forces here must first be directed
to the relief of Tientsin, particularly, as
it is the key to Peking."
DOWAGER'S EMISSARY
IS SLAIN AT CANTON
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 25.— The
steamship Tartar, from the Orient, brings
the following, mail advices:
• "Liu Hslushun. the Empress Dowager's
secret emissary to Japan, was shot In the
abdomen as he stepped ashore at Canton.
At the Instant the shot was fired the
friends of the assassin threw Mexican dol
lars . among the crowd of 300 present.
There was a scramble for the money and
the assassin escaped with his friends.
Liu died of his wounds. V
"Liu was formerly a favorite of LI
Hung Chang and was In his train of re
i tainers. Knowing he was hated he had
twenty Chinese, soldiers accompany him
wherever he went, who cleared the crowd
away froim his" chair . by force. Ten at
tempts have. lately been made on his life
and hla .political . haters have finally
finished him. When shot Liu. It 'Is- sala,
was en route to Japan on a secret mission
An connection with the Boxer uprising.".
9 .......
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. June 25.— In view of the latest
developments in China new and
specifrt significance is attached by
officials of the State Department to the
decrees issued several months ago by th«-
Empress .Dowager, Inaugurating a new
policy of resistance against the territorial
encroachments of foreign powers. These
decrees have an Important bearing in in
dicating the responsibility of thejmper.al
Government, which has been strenuously
denied by subordinate Chinese officials for
the Taku and Tientsin disturbances.
In the imperial decrees Viceroys- and
Governors of the maritime and Yangtze
Kiang provinces are instructed to resist
by force of arms any aggression by for
eign governments, and to declare war
upon any power attempting to take pos
session of territory within their jurisdic
tion. This is a translation of one of the
decrees which was issued by the Tsung Li
Yameh:
Proclaim war if Kecassary.
"As the Italians have not Ijad their am
bitions gratified In respect to the cession
of San Mun Bay to them it is apprehend
ed that they may try to seek an oppor
tunity for seizing other portions of our
coast.
"Moreover the arbitrary and aggressive
actions of the French at Kuang Chau.
where they are stirring up disturbances
in order to obtain further pretexts, for
demanding concessions from the imperial
Government, may lead to actual hostilities
between China and France.
"It behooves us, therefore, to exercise
the utmost vigilance and watchfulness to
guard against sudden aggression and to
be always prepared to resist an enemy.
Tour Excellency is, therefore, urged to
enjoin all this upon the generals and com
manders of troops garrisoning important
points within your jurisdiction; and not
only this, but to be prepared also to give
aid to your brother Viceroys and Gover
nors whose territories adjoin your own.
"It has been an evil practice among
high provincial authorities to
that the duty of any of them lies only in
guarding safely the region lying within
his own jurisdiction, ignoring a crisis that
may be taking place in the next adjoining
province, forgetting that his neighbors,
being overcome, his turn for overthrow
becomes a near possibility. This lack of
union is lamentable, but It must not be
continued from this date.
"This Yamen has received special com
mands from her Imperial Majesty the
Empress Dowager and his imperial Maj
esty the Emperor to grant you full lib
erty and powers to resist by force of arms
all aggressions upon your several Juris
dictions, proclaiming a state of war, if
necessary, without first asking for ! n
structions from Peking, for loss of time
may be fatal, to your security and enable
the enemy to make good his footing
against your forces. Finally, your Excel
lency will be held responsible for any rep
etition of indecision or too great trust
fulness in declarations of an encroaching
enemy, such as happened, for Instance,
to General Chang Kao Yuan In Shan
tung."
. General Chang was In command of the
Tslngtao forts when the German fleet
seized Klaochau Bay, and was beheaded
for his action In surrendering them to the
invaders.
Another decree issued by the Empress
Dowager was addressed to Viceroys. Gov
ejrnors.* Tartar generals and provincial
commanders in chief. Its purpose was to
lnttame the patriotism of the Chinese with
a view to uniting the country against for
eign aggression. * -
"Our empire," It states, "is now labor-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
China's Dowager Empress, Through trie Foreign
Office, Urged Viceroys and Governors to
Resist Foreign Aggression by Force of Arros.
CUNNING DECREES
THAT PRECEDED THE
PRESENT CONFLICT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHINA'S APPEAL
FROM AN ARMISTICE
DENIED BY POWERS
There Car) Be No" Delay in i tfie"DispaVch"bf For
eigr) Troops to PeKJog. and Communication
With Taku Must Be Maintained.
LOXDOX, June 26, 3:35 a. m. — The British tcraiser Terrible has arrived at Chefu from
Taku with the latest news, which is as follows: Eight hundred Sikhs antf 200 Welsh Fusi
leers have effected a junction with the American, German and Russian forces which had
been cut off by the Chinese about nine miles from Tientsin. It was proposed to deliver an assault
upon the Chinese forces at Tientsin Sunday night.
It is not clear what forces united. It would seem that one relieving force, cut off, had
been relieved by another. At any rate it is apparently certain that the allies arrived in sufficient
force at Tientsin Sunday to attack the besieging Chinese.
"Foreign official opinions here," says a dispatch from Shanghai to the Daily Express,
dated yesterday, "incline to the belief that the worst has happened to the legations at Peking and
to Admiral Seymour. Even if the legations were safe oh June"' 19 there is no guarantee that they
are safe now. The situation, in fact, grows more and more gloomy. The entire absence of reli
able news from the capital seems to justiiy the worst construction which can be put upon it. .
"Bad news comes from Nanking, where the unrest is said to be growing hourly. Viceroy
Liu Kin Yih has telegraphed the British authorities that he has ordered the five Chinese cruisers
which have been lying off the harbor here to proceed to Xanking."
"General Ma's army," says a correspondent at Shan Hai Kwan, "consisting of 4000 men,
left a week ago for Peking, and General Sung Ching's troops, numbering 2500, left for the same
place on June 15.
"A careful estimate of the number and armament of the Chinese troops around Peking
puts the total at 360.000, and it is calculated that these troops possess 220 7-centimeter Creusot
guns, 18 Krupps and 150 Maxims. Their supply of ammunition is practically inexhaustible. It has
been mainly supplied by a German firm at Carlowitz. Fully three-fourths of. the Chinese forces
are badly drilled, wholly .undisciplined and quite unfamiliar with modern weapons."
Another Shanghai dispatch says: "Li Ping Heng, former Governor of Shantung, who is
intensely anti-foreign, has gone to the Kiang Yin forts on the Yang-tse. He has declared his
intention of resisting the landing of British forces in that region."
According to a Hongkong dispatch dated yesterday strong reinforcements of Indian police
with three Maxims have been sent to Kowloon, on the mainland. A Chefu message of Mon
day's date says: . >.
Four cannons have been added to the west fort here, where there are now iooo soldiers
permanently encamped, a further force having arrived from Ning'Hai Chou. There is an uneasv
feeling prevailing here, and an attack is generally anticipated. Chinese merchants are closing their
offices and preparing to leave the port. All business is at a standstill."
Extensive preparations by the allies are going forward. The first regiment of British In
dia's 10,000 men embarked at Calcutta yesterday, and 833 more marines received orders to go out
The British War Office, in anticipation of a prolonged campaign, is contracting for winter
The Amur Army Corps, ordered out by Russia, numbers 52,100 men, with 84 guns. Japan
proposes to land 15,000 men on Chinese territory within a fortnight.
Among the minor military preparations the Portuguese Governor of Macao, island of
Macao, at the southwest entrance of Canton River, is sending arms to the Portuguese in Canton.
The Germans in Hongkong have cabled Emperor William to ask if they may serve in the local
forces in defense of Hongkong.
THE OFFICERS COMPOSING THE ABOVE GROUP WERE SENT TO PEKING WITH DETACHMENTS OF MEN FROM THE WARSHIPS OP*
THE SEVERAL POWERS SHORTLY AFTER THE COUP D'ETAT IN DECEMBER, 1S9S. WITH ONE OR TWO EXCEPTIONS THEY WERE ALL STILL
THERE AT THE OUTBREAK OF THE PRESENT TROUBLES. THE SECOND MAN IN THE BACK ROW. FROM THE LEFT OF THE PICTURE.
STANDING UP AND WEARING A NAVAL CAP. IS LIEUTENANT DUTTON. UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS, WHOSE HOME IS IN SAN FRAN
CISCO. TO HIS RIGHT. SITTING DOWN 'IX THE FRONT ROW, IS CA1TAIN WYLDE OF BRITISH ROYAL MARINE CORPS. THE RANKING OF
FICER OF THE FOREIGN CONTINGENT.
OFFICERS OF THE LEGATION GUARDS AT PEKING.
CHEFU, Tuesday, June 26. — Rear Admiral Kemp?? reports by a Japanese
torpedo boat that the combined forces entered Tientsin on' Saturday,
June 23, sustaining small loss. They started on Sunday to relieve the
force which left Tientsin on June 10 and which is believed to be surrounded
near Peking. >
According to these Japanese reports Admiral Seymour has been cap
tured, and the Ministers have left Peking guarded by Chinese soldiers. Their
whereabouts is unknown.
TSING TAU, June 24, 8 p. m.— Eight thousand allied troops have landed
at Taku, including 12OO Germans. A French officer who has succeeded in get
ting through from Tientsin to Taku says that the Russians alone have lost
15O killed and 300 wounded.
The German gunboat Iltis, up the Peiho or Tientsin River, reports that
masses of Chinese are nearing Tong Ku and that an immediate attack is ex
pected.
For Twelve Days No Direct News Has; Been
Received From the Chinese Capital and the
Worst Is Feared — Some 360,000 Mongol
Troops "With 220 Creusot Guns- Massed to
Resist Relief Columns.
Fierce Fighting Continues at:Tien
tsin, and the Russians Alone Are
Said to Have Lost 183O Killed and
f SOO Wounded — 8OOO Allied
Troops Land at Taku. *..;¦¦ .
REPORTED CAPTURE OF SEYMOUR AND
DEPARTURE OF MINISTERS FROM PEKING
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIU-NO. 26.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
(Continued on Second Page.)
TIENTSIN. WHERE THE FOREIGN POPULATION IS BESIEGED BY THE CHINESE.
The above plan of the foreign concessions In Tientsin Is taken from a recent directory of the Far East.
OnlT a small part, the western of the German concession, which extends almost three-quarters of a mile farther to the
right, is shown on the plan. The Chinese city, containing. It Is said, over 1,000,000 of people, lies to the south and east of
the European quarter and on the west of the grand canal. The railroad station lies on the north side of the riven where
is also a large Chinese population. It Is said that all the foreign residents are gathered within the compound of the Brit
ish consulate, which, being surrounded by a high wall of heavy masonry, offers better facilities for defense than anyother
place, and are there fighting against an Innumerable horde of Chinese soldiers and Boxers until a relief column shall reach
them'from Taku. Tientsin is already Infamous to Europeans from the frightful massacre of the French Sisters of Mercy
and other foreigners on June 21. 1870. when the most appalling brutality was exhibited by the Chinese.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. June 25.— China's appeal for
an armistice until LI Hung Chang
can reach Peking has been denied
by the powers. Secretary Hay has
notified the Chinese Minister. Wu Ting
Fang, and It Is understood similar notifi
cation has been given by the European
powers to the representatives of China ac
credited to them that there can be no de
lay In the dispatch of troops to Peking.
Orders i to all foreign commanders are ex
plicit. Peking must , be occupied as soon
as possible and communication between
the capital and Taku maintained. There
is a disposition here to regard the appeal
of the Viceroys for a cessation of opera
tions by the allied forces as a move on the
part of the Chinese officials to secure de
lay. In the hope that it will benefit them
selves as well as their country. The rul
ing dynasty In China belongs to an alien
race — the Manchus, who several centuries
ago were called upon to aid the Chinese in
resisting an enemy and who occupied the
capital and have -since held it. Li Huns
Chang and the Viceroys who have ap
pealed to the United States, Japan and
Europe are Chinese, and it would not be
surprising; according to diplomats here, if
they should be seeking to turn the Gov
ernment of China over, to the Chinese.
The United States, however, does not in
tend to await the pleasure of subordinate
officials, notwithstanding 'their assertion
that if. foreign troops continue their opera
tions they will not be responsible for the
consequences.. The Empress Dowager and
Emperor are recognized as the ruling pow
ers of China, and it Is to the interest, of
this, as well as other civilized govern
ments, that there should be some central
authority with which the powers can
treat.
Hopes In Li Hung Chang.
Great hopes are placed In the proposed
visit of Li Hung Chang to- Peking, not
only because'of his influence with the Em
press Dowager, but because he can prac
tically control the imperial: troops, which
are believed to be engaged In the opera
tions against . .Tientsin. Most ! of these
troops come from the province where Li
Hung Chang's home Is situated, and it Is
recalled that during the Chino-Japanese
war his Influence prevented their depart
ure for the front. With the imperial
troops under his orders he will be strong
enough to put pressure upon the central
Government which it Is. expected will re
sult in the restoration of peace.
While declining- to refrain from dispatch,
ing troops Into Northern China, the pow
ers will respect the wish of the Viceroys
of the. southern. provinces, especially those
of the Yang-tse-Klang region, that gun
boats bet not sent up the river or troops
ordered into that section. . The Washing
ton Cabinet first granted this request, .and
Japan and the European powers have con
curred In the assent. The' one condition Is
that order must be preserved in the region
or the powers will feel it advisable to send
troops there. ' ;-
No News Prom Peking/ ,
' The continued • failure to . hear from Pe
king' ' Is > absolutely." unexplalnable'' to the
authorities. Embaasador, Cambon, • repre
senting France; Herr von Holleben," repre
senting Germany; Lord . Pauncefbte, rep
resenting .¦¦; Great Britaln,\ and »,Wu Ting
Fang called .'upon Secretary -. Hay to-day
to. ; ascertain Vlth. this Government 1 has
learned anything respecting, the situation
at Tientsin or, 1'eklng. : The only > informa
tion Secretary Hay was/able'to; give was
that conveyed in the dispatch from Consul
General Goadnow at Shanghai. Many, re
ports have come from* Shanghai stating
that the foreign legations' are safe." Con-
Ing- under great difficulties, which are be
coming dally more serious. Various pow
ers cast upon us looks of titrerlike vorac~
ity. hustling each other in their endeavor
to be first to sieze upon our inncrmos:
territories. They think that China, hav
ing neither money nor . troops, would
never venture to go to war with them.
They fall' to understand, however, that
there are certain things which this em
pire can never consent to. and that if
hard pressed we have no alternative but
to rely upon the justice of our cause, a
knowledge of w!iich In our breasts
strengthens our resolves and steels us to
present a united front against our ag
gressors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.porary base hospital and asylam for refu
gees." . - •-- . _
ALLEGED VICTORY OF THE
' CHINESE IN BIG BATTLE
NEW TORK, June 25.— A special to tha
Journal from Chefu says: A great battle
has taken place. The Chinese army u«
reported victorious. T^ng Shan, Shan.
Hei K*van and Pel Ta Ho have been
abandoned by the Europeans. The foreign
quarters of these towns have been looted
and there is great excitement here to-day.
The Chinese fleet Is supposed to have betn
broken up and the admiral is In hidinj?
or a prisoner at Tientsin.
ACTION OP THE MONOCACY.
WASHINGTON. June 23.— The reported
action of the crunboat Monocacy in falling
to respond after she had been fired upon
from the Taku forts is understood to have
been received with surprise by the Presi
dent, who requested an explanation of the
matter, which has not yet been furnished.
This was made known to-day in official
quarters to offset the published intima
tions that the Monocacy would not have
failed to respond unless she had been or
dered to hold her fire.
MARINES AND ARTILLERY.
PARIS. June 23.— An official dispatch re
ceived here from Saigon, the capital of
French Cochin-China, says the French
armored cruiser Vauban and the transport
Caravane have sailed north with 500 ma
rines and a battery of artillery.
HAVANA CAPTURED
BY CUBAN TEACHERS
Instructors Given a Farewell Before
Starting for the United
States.
HAVANA, June 25. — Havana has • been
practically given over to-day to ¦ the
teachers" chosen to attend the summer
school in Boston and to their friends. " The
United States transport Sedgwick took
310 women teachers and the United States
transport Crook 205 men. The Sedgwick
will call at^ . Matanzas. Cardenas and
Sagua, the Crook touching only at Matan
r.aa. Bands and special tugs were char
tered for the early i morning, but it was
soon learned that no one would be allowed
to go on board the transport before 3
o'clock in the afternoon. The crowds,
therefore, visited the city, exploring in
all directions, especially among the public
buildings. 1 It was estimated that -fully
2000 residents and friends devoted the day
to saying farewell.
The fortunate teachers seem to be In
excellent spirits and to be anticipating
with keen pleasure a residence of three
months in the United States. The Crook
left about 5 o'clock and the Sedgwick
much later. ¦ . '
APPALLING CHOLERA
DEATH RATE IN INDIA
Of Fifteen Thousand Cases in a Sin
gle Week More Than Ten Thou
sand Prove Fatal. .
LONDON, June .25.— The Governor v of
Bombay wires that there y were 10,377
deaths from cholera out of 15.479 cases
during the jweek • ending June 16.
The Viceroy 7 of India, Lord . Curzon,
cables that frequent showers have fallen
In the ~ Deccan ; and elsewhere, ' but that
copious rains are wanted In . order to en
able the natives to engage in plowing and
sowing the autumn crops. _ The famine
situation is unaltered.
"Wants the Convention-.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— Local 'Democrats
propose making ai fight, to secure the
Democratic State Convention which will
be 'held: some time in August. The time
and place "will -be' fixed -bj' the State Cen>'
tral . Committee, '¦ which ¦/¦ meets In ¦ San
Francisco Wednesday at^11, 6|clock.; , A
strong -delegation .will', go': from here -to
urge the claims of San Jose.- It la statea
that: ample funds are alreadyy pledged to
meet the expenses of the'conventlon.
WASHINGTON. June 25.-Secretary
Long to-day approved the findings of the
naval board recommending that three of
the rive new battleships shall be built with
superimposed and waist 8-lnch turrets and
that the remaining two of the new bat
tleships shall have quadrllaterally ar
ranged S-inch turrets.
¦This turret question has been a source
of lively controversy in naval circles and
after the regular naval board of construc
tion, conFistlng of the bureau chiefs, had
passed upon it a special board was cre
ated, made up of line and staff officers of
recognized ability on questions of naval
construction, to consider it. The chief
division was as to retaining the superim
posed turrets, as on the Kentucky and
Kcarsarge, or going back to the system
of placing turrets quadrilaterally. f«o as
to fire In broadsides, pn this the board
divided, seven favoring the superimposed
turret*, while five were for quadrilateral
turrets and Captain Barker favored a
compromise, building part of each type.
The report pays:
In vi«?w of th<» »>tronir minority of five mem
b«>. Car'aln Karker di!«s^ntin» from each
proposition, it ivas finally decided to recom
mend three battleships with superimposed
elpht-lnch turrets and two with Independent
ei*rht-lneh turrets, arranged quadrilaterally.
Thi» ««* aerwrl to hy twelve of the thirteen
member* <.-ons:irutin<r the board, Navul Con
.Etructrr Taylor only voting agalnrt it.
Constructor Taylor, in his dissenting re
port, says: •
To <1!\ !¦*.«• th«*s<? vessels between two types is
to definitely «dvertt«' to the world that, al
though we have completed two superimposed
tunet vc*»el*. we do not know whether or not
they Are better than if they had been built
wi'.li cejiarate turrets.
Af e further reahon for my dltsent. I beg to
tsy that if it is admitted or determined that
tbe advantage of bolng able to concentrate
fix eight-inch runis'on cither broadside. Instead
earrinre* in other directions, I believe that this
remit can readily b* retained br an arrange
ment Involving dt?adv«i]taceft legs grave than
those followinr from the supposed principle.
WASSHIPS NAMED.
—
Virginia and Rhode Island to Have
Naval Namesakes.
_ WASHINGTON, June 25.— The Secretary
of the Navy has authorized the following
names for the new battleships and cruib
ers:
Eattleships— Virginia and Rhode Island.
Armored cruisers— Maryland, Colorado
and South Dakota.
Proter-n?*! cruisers — St. Louis, Milwaukee
and Charleston. >
Naval Board Failing to Agree on
Either Type, It Is Decided to Con
struct Vessels Along the
Lings of Both.
Three to Have Superim
posed and Two Quadri
lateral Turrets.
PLANS FOR NEW
SHIPS OF IR
AGREED UPON
' ST. LOUIS, June 25.— Gradually the mys
tery of the 'enormous dynamite explosions
under cars of the Transit Compajiy and
the alleged plot to blow up the bridge
of the company over the River Des Peres
is being unraveled.
The police authorities are inclined to
believe that .by following certain . clews
given by Nathan J. Ferrand, a Transit
Company detective,, they may be able to
prove that at least some of the. actual
dynamiting' was done by persona" in the
employ of that company, not at the in
stance ''of ' the company, but in order to
enhance the reputation of the Transit de
tectives by giving them opportunities to
make pretense of doing Sherlock Holmes
Judge Elmer B. Adams of the United
States District Court to-day granted a
temporary injunction in the case of W. I):
Manon an.d all the members of Division
J.\o. 131 of the Amalgamated -*.33oci«itio:i
of Street Railway i^mpioyes or America,
restraining them from interfering in any
way with the running of mail cars over
the* lilies or the St. lxiuis Transit Com
panv.
Tnls decision was reached after listen
ing to me arguments ol counsel for tho
strikers and United States District Attor
ney Kozier and me rtuuiiitj oi numerous
amdavits suDmrtted by botn sides.
>Jone of the defendants was present.
They were represf ntert by W. B. Anthony,
while District- Attorneys Hitchcock ana
Rozier acted for the Government.
In summing up the contents of the af
ilflavits presented Mr. Anthony declared
that it was not shown that any of the
defendants named had been guilty of law
lessness. —
"On the contrary," he added, "the strike
leaders and all the members of the Street
Railway Men's Union have counseled law
and order. The Transit Company is' not
responsible perhaps for the unsettled
conditions wnich existed, but It Is the
union men who have been made to suffer
and tear the brunt of all disturbances.
The'pr-csident of the union, Sherman Pat
terson, Is^now in the hospital as the re
sult of being stabbed by an assassin."
At the conclusion 'of the arguments
Judge Adams rendered' his decision sub
stantially as follows: g"W<g«IM!i'iay*iggJ»ii*{|
. It Is conceded by the defendants that this
court has jurisdiction /over the question at is
sue. In the case of the United States against
r>b« It was held that where it was shrfwn there
¦with Interstate commerce ¦ the power of : the
Court of Chancery could be Invoked. • The au
thority of the Government is binding upon all
the people. No distinction is made for the young
or the old. • the rich or the noor.t s : ¦; -..••:•'
The question here is whether or not' the de
fendants have been shown by i the : affidavits t%
have been interfering with the instrumentall-
Judge Adams Grants an Injunction
Restraining: Union Leaders From.
Interfering With Cars Car
rying U. S. Mails.
St Louis Hawkshaws Took
Desperate Methods to
Make Reputations. .
DETECTIVES, NOT
STRIKERS, USED
THE DYNAMITE
HERRINGTON TELLS* OF
THE ROADSIDE COURT
Justice Dyer and Constable Harris
Effuse to Testify in the
Abduction Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, June 25.— The trial of Wong
Fong, accused of complicity In the abduc
tion of Kim Quey, is attracting a great
deal of attention. The courtroom was
crowded to-day, among the audience be
ing a large number of ladies.
Attorney B. A. Herrlngton resumed the
stand, 'lie tcld the story of his connec
tion with the case, the ride to Palo Alto
and the trial of Kim Quey in the road
?.t midnight. He said that Deputy Con
stable Harris, Wong Fong and Wong
Hing Ding were near by when he
met Justice Dyer after the latter returned
from Menlo-Park about 2 o'clock in the
morning. Herrlngton stated to the Jus
tice that Harris was desirous of return
ing to San Jose, and was going to take
the girl with him. Justice said he did
not care what Harris did with the girl,
Just so she was returned for trial. Wong
Ding -wanted to know if a second trip
to Palo Alto could not be avoided.
Witness said be then proposed to the
Justice to hold court, as the girl would
plead guilty. Harris and Dunsmoor then
produced the girl. Wong Fong was sworn
as interpreter, and through her Kim Quey
pleaded guilty. Justice Dyer fined her
$5, which Wong Hing Ding paid. Her
rington said he then asked tho Justice
If the girl -was free and he said she was.
Kim Quey then got into the buggy with
Wong Fong and Wong Hing Ding. She
stating through an interpreter that she
¦wanted to go with the latter. Witness
ssld he was informed that she said Wong
Hing Ding was her friend.
Justice. of the Peace Dyer of Palo Alto
was called as a witness, but he refused
to answer 1 on the ground that It might
incriminate himself. Deputy Constable
Harris of this city also took refuge be
hind the same constitutional objection.
Both of these witnesses were Jointly in
dicted on the same charge of abduction.
Lights Out at Midnight.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
SAN JOSE. June 25.— After July 1 club
men and others detained uptown after
midnight will have to wend their way
"home in darkness, as after that date.alU
nlR-hl street lamps are to be discontinued.
This action was taken by the City Council
this morning. Heretofore the city has
been lighted on the moonlight schedule.
Bids for lighting the flty for the ensuing
year woro opened to-day. The Electric
Improvement Company's bid for lighting
the city till 12 o'clock was $RH52 and the
Light and Power Company $5692 50. For
an all-night light the Electric Improve
ment Company's bid was $500 cheaper
than the other company. The Council
awarded the lighting contract to the
Light and Power Company.
In the Condemned Cell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENT1.V, June 23.— Warden
Agrulrre to-day removed Murderer
Thomas Flannelly from hla cell In "mur
derers' row" to the condemned cell in the
factory building. Flannelly Is to be ex
ecuted on Friday for the murder of his
father and Sheriff McAvoy in Redwood
City. .He appears to be very nervous and
gradually weakening, but has hope of
some action. in his case. Applications for
invitations to the execution- are ". rapidly
coming inr The Warden will limit the
fame to the number required by law to be
present. *
NEW, ORLEANS. June 23.— Herr Tleffen
back of Hamburg, Germany, has arrived on his
way . to" Guatemala, where., he KOes under a
contract to teach •¦ German military tactics to
the Cuaiemalia army. lie stated ' that the
object of "th<» Government 'is to make 'a gen
eral improvement Id the army.
ties and the agencies of the Federal Govern
ment. , -, ¦¦';/
The court, in passing on the point, does not
undertake to punish If the affirmative posi
tion is sustained. The injunction proceeding
la Intended as a deterrent, a preventive of law
lessee and is a declaration and warning to all
the people. The issue set forth here is not one
between the Transit Company and the members
of the Street Car Union, but of <he United
States against the strikers and all persons who
may interfere with the operation of the mails.
Irrespective of whether or not this or that per
son hai> been BUllty of an act of lawlessness, a
reasonable apprehension as to a violation of the
laws of the United States Is practically all that
Is' necessary to determine the issuance of an
injunction.
Soop after the present strike was inaugurated
there were scenes of lawlessness throughout the
city. It is admitted that the mall cars have
been interfered with and their prompt opera
tion at times rendered impoFstble.
The defendants and those who have acted in
concert with them ordered the strike. From
this It follows that whether they are guilty
of lawlessness or not, as complained of, they
must be held accountable for the necessary con
sequences of their acts.
If it is true, and I hope It Is, that none of the
defendants has been guilty of interfering with
the mall cars, then the injunction can certainly
do no harm. However, my ruling is not based
upon that conclusion. The motion for a tem
porary injunction Is accordingly granted.
NEW YORK, June 25. — The American
Association for the Advancement of Sci
ence, which is composed of sixteen affili
ated societies, opened its forty-ninth an
nual meeting to-day In Havemeyer Hall,
Columbia University. Two of the affili
ated organizations, the American Chem
ical Society and the ¦ American Forestry
Association, are at the same' time holding
their annual sessions. Other affiliated so
cieties will convene tormorrow and the
last of the series of meetings will be that
of the society for the promotion of en
gineering education on July 2.
The general session was called to order
by the retiring president, G. K. Gilbert,
of "Washington. D. C, who introduced to
the delegates the president-elect, Profes
sor R. S. Woodward, who made a brief
address.
In his address to the members of the
Forestry Association Secretary Wilson
said in part:- ¦ \ ,
1 We have not given sufficient attention to the
growing things in tteld and forest, nor the in
fluence exerted UDon the field by the forest.
Heavy exportation* of grain and lumber are
regarded by observers as the best evidence of
national 'prosperity, while closer Inquiry will
discover soil exhaustion, and the less of abil
ity to retain moisture on hill and plain.
As enlightenment among men advances with
the centuries we fell trees, regardless of the
consequences. Our Government policy of giv
ing I the land to the people has • facilitated this
warfare* on the trees.; It seems a pity to us
now that reserves were not made by the Gov
ernment from sea to sea, especially on high
latitudes where rivers rise, or such shallow
soils that cannot endure the sun, on broken
lands that forbid the plow, and the like, but,
reflection ¦ excuses . us : from wondering. It la
nearly, impossible now to save a tree north
wardly, southwardly and westwardly. The
axman will soon hoe : through the forest; two
ests of building woods.
The world's history admonishes us to preserve
forests where : we have them and . plant them
where ¦ there *»re none. There is a useful and
engrossing field here for . the student and a
gracious work for the lover of his > kind. * t
The educated forester has work to do In his
specialty that ¦ will be helpful to the , people
the -soil' physicist, has work to do that will
be helpful to the producers: the educators have
work to do, too long . neglected, and Jn this
connection we all rejoice at the Pinchot en
dowment of a school of. forestry at Tale, that
will live us axmen . In the " future who will
chop - with : discretion. <¦ and plant with intelli
gence. -- ¦•_ .-.¦ . ./
Papers- were read by , Henry Gannett
chief ihydroerapher of the "United -State'
Geological. Survey; J. W. Youmay, super
intendent of tree planting In the division
of ,- forestry : Tread well Cleveland of the
division of forestry and others.
Address of Secretary 'Wilson
Before the*- Forestry
Association.
* ¦ *
¦ * £
Says the Country Is B s coming- Im
poverished by the Axman Who
4 Fells but Does Hot
Plant.
Reward for Murderer's Capture.
NECESSITY OF
PROTECTING THE
GREAT FORESTS
BERLIN, June 25.— The Prussian Gov
ernment has increased from 20,000 marks
to 33,000 marks the reward offered for the
discovery of the murderer of the boy
Winter, recently killed at Konitz under
conditions which fostered the local super
stition that he had fallen a victim of rit
ual murder.
roys and was instructed to secure Lord
Salisbury's views. Beyond casual conver
sation Mr. Choate had not mentioned the
crisis In the Far East until he received
Sacretary Hay's cable message. The Em
bassador discovered the British Premier's
views were exactly as frequently repre
sented In these dispatches. They main
tained the belief that the diplomats at
Peking had not been massacred, and did
not believe they were likely to be. He
Is eminently satisfied with the action al
ready taken by the United States, and ex
pressed the same viewp as the cable dis
patches attribute to Secretary Hay.
In short, the conference may be said to
have not elicited a single point on which
Lord Salisbury differed from the Ameri
can attitude, and while he expressed his
determination to use every endeavor to
restore order In the Peiho Valley and ex
tricate the diplomats, his estimate of the
situation was tinged with a spirit of hope
fulness that contrasted greatly with the
general tone of the British press. '/It.
The British Premier did not discuss tho
eventual settlement and the likelihood of
a partition of China, etc., and it may be
reiterated that this phase of the situation
has not yet been made the subject of an
exchange of views between any of-the na
tions. Judging from the account of what
passed between Mr. Choate and Lord
Salisbury the .statement recently made
to the Associated Press by the Foreign
Office that Great Britain and the other;
nations, so far as the Foreign Office knew,
were confining all their energies and de
liberations solely to the present predica
ment, is a sincere statement of fact. If
Russia, Japan or any other power has an
ulterior object in making capital out of
the trouble in China, Lard Salisbury does
not appear to be aware of It.
FACTS ARE PLACED
IN A FALSE LIGHT
BERLIN, June 23.— The Kreuz Zeitung
warns the public against crediting dis
patches from Chinese officials, especially
those from Sheng, director of telegraph
and railways. The recent optimistic ut
terances of the French Foreign Minister,
M. Delcasse, were founded upon one of
Sheng's cablegrams that has since been
proved false. .
The paper further complains that all re
cent Russian communications place the
facts In a false light, and Instances a
statement by the Official Messenger of
St. Petersburg: which represents the Box
ers as the only disturbers and the Chinese
Government as innocent. The views criti
cized do not prevail in German official
circles. The Chinese Minister here, Lu
Han Houan.'in the course of an interview
to-day, said: •
EVERY EFFORT MADE
TO RELIEVE TIENTSIN
"The Empress cannot be deposed. Chi
nese piety would not permit dethronement.
But perhaps It would be possible through
friendly means to intimate to the old Em
press that she should abdicate after hav
ing ruled so long. An experiment could
be made with the Emperor, surrounding
him with competent counselors, of whom
there is no lack to-day among the Ch»
nese." ;
* Germany will send to China all available
vessels besides those already, there.
LONDON, June 25.— The Admiralty has
received the following dispatch from Rear
Admiral Bruce, dated Taku, via Chefu
June 24:
"The total-force-, which left Tientsin
with the Commander in chief .for Peking
was about 2000. composed of detachments
from the allied ships.. No action could
possibly be taken to relieve the comman
der in chief because it was only known
that he was cut off by, Tientsin being In
vested. Tientsin has been fighting for Its
life ever since. • It was on receipt of' this
Information that the Chinese army had
ordered trains . for attacking Tientsin:
that they were ravaging Tongku and re
inforcing Taku. as well as mining tho
mouth of the Pelho. that tt was promptly
determined to seize Taku. Sine© then
every offort has been made to relieve
Tientsin. I; have commandeered a small
coasting steamer, for taking ., troops and
sick and wounded across the bay to 'Wel-
Hal-Wei. where I intend making a tem-
Si>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
/~*\ TOCKTON, June 25.— To-morrow
I evoning- ihe street fair will open ir.
a b!aze of splendor. To-night Main
i J street, from the lepot to the water
K -^ front. !s arched with gayly colored
Japanese lanterns, in each of which is an
Incandescent light. The Courthouse park
is girded with carnival color? flying to the
lireeze in the bright light from a thousand
electric Hghis. The irrepressible faker,
disregarding sot programmes, is already
crying his wares. '"Iiittie Egyp«," all of
¦whom are the "original and only" dancers
at the S«-ely dinner, are giving perform
ances. Concessionaries and people are
"making ready." Extraordinary efforts
have been made to see that all visitors
have rooms. One leading hotel has char
tered a big steamer and anchored it at the
head of the channel, and announces it is
an ar.nex. Many people have opened their
houses, more out of a desire tq co-operate
with the committee? in securing enter
tainment for all than for financial gain.
Stockton people thought they did a lot of
work when they entertained the Native
Sons four Admission days ago. but the
elaborateness of the work this time ex
ceeds that memorable occasion.
The greater part of the forenoon and af
ternoon to-morrow will be devoted to the
reception of distinguished visitors, etc.,
although there will be a number of free
shows on the plaza. In the evening the
formal opening will take place, when the
congratulatory message from President
McKlnley will be received by an operator
in the presence of the assembled multi
tude. Queen Genevieve, by her Prime
Minister, Colonel Gus G. Grant, to-day is
sued her proclamation announcing the
purposes of her reign, and among other
things says:
It shall be the pleasure of your gracious
Queen In this proclamation to Inform her faith
ful subjects as to the times she shall appear
before you and when the sports and mirth
making fetfs shall hold sway, to all Of which
?h<» invites her faithful and beloved to be pres
ent. • ¦ -. -'
The- coronation ceremony will take place upon
Thursday, the twenty-elfhth day of this the
sixth month of 'this the first year of the be
ginning of our most prosperous future, at the
hour of 3 o'clock p. ir... after which ceremony
the keys of our fair city, wmen u:>on this oc
casion will unlock not only the door of the
parade and the other for the carnival ball,
over which he Is to preside. The King is
receiving replies daily from those whom
he has raised to the ranks of the nobil
ity. One of them is from Sara Davis of
Carson, New, the sagebrush humorist.
The body of it reads as follows:
King Pin Lewis I: I have Just received the
appointment of your Royal Highness creating
me the Duke of Holstein. I am very much
overcome by this manifestation of your kingly
regard and have already ordered a ducal crown
with a Holstein bull rampant painted on the
tailboard of my hay wagon. I am not myself
fond of this sort of display, but my family
inists on It and I have to yield.. I shall make
a strons effort to be present to receive your
further : royal commands and trust when I ar
rive t^at I may be furnished with befitting
refreshments at your expense. If I understand
the methods of Dukes and other persons of title
they do not stoop to settling their own bills
while in this country. This is a new thing
to me,, you understand, and I want to know
Just what to do when traveling In your do
main. I would suggest that If you have any
more titles to throw about in this State among
the cattlemen you bestow that of Lord Here
ford upon John Sparkn of Reno and Earl of
Durham upon Joseph Mareden of Lovelocks. If
George Xlxon of Winnemucca wants a title
make him put up for it.
palace and the home of the poor, but the heart
of each and nery one of her loyal and gener
ous subjects as well, will be given int9 her keep
ing by the honorable Mayor thereof, .while upon
the stage before her throne will immediately
follow feats of strength and skill by our fa
vored athletes and merry-making by our fair
est youths and maidens.
At the hour of 8 o'clock p. m., upon the same
day. your gracious Queen will again appear
upon her throne and will furnish you with en
tertainment.
• On the days following:, to-wlt. on Friday and
Saturday, and at the hours of 3 o'clock p. m.
and 8 o'clock p. m. thereof she will again ap
pear ¦with entertainments new of merry-mak
ing. Gports and fun for her beloved subjects to
enjoy.
•King Pin Lewis of the funmakers will
be arrayed in all his glory. He Is to have
two robes of state, the one for the street
Her gracious Majesty desires to state that
upon the latter day and at the latter hour
she .will present for the amusement of her
faithful, a 1 royal treat, one Kins Pin Lewis I.
a man of roynl blood, but one who reigns only
through and" by the sufferance of the blessed
trinity of Chance, Accident and Mistake. He
may prove himself to be a mlrth-maklns and
a funny fellow, yet your Majesty desires you
to heed lizhtly what he may chance to say
and be awed not by the bombastic recitals of
his royal prerogatives. .,
" YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL TAKE A PROMINENT PART IN THE STOCKTON FESTIVITIES.
(Continued from First Page.)
CAPTURE OF
HOUR
Queen Genevieve Issues a Proclamation -Bidding
Mourning Cease and Mirth and Revelry Hold
Sway During Her Reign.
ALL READY FOR THE OPENING
OF STOCKTON'S STREET FAIR
LONDON, June 26,' 4:20 ''a. m.— Lord
Roberts' six columns are converging, ap
parently, so a£ to close in upon the Free
Staters, although decisive results cannot
be expected for several days. A number
of Boers who were supposed to be within
the wide-flum? net have broken — or rather
stolen— through General Rundle's Ficks
burg-Senekal lines, t ;'£¦•¦
The Canadians were engaged in the
Honingspruit fight last Friday 1 . General
Dewet's men first cut off a Canadian out
post of mounted rifles at dawn, two being
killed. Lieutenant Trlglis and four others
were wounded and three were captured.
The Free Staters then attacked the
camp, where there were fifty Canadians
and two companies of Shropshire*,
though without much effect, as the men
were well entrenched..
The foreign military attaches who were
with Lord Roberts are now in Cape Town,
en route for Europe. United States Con
sul Hay of Pretoria is going to Machado
dorp in the interest of the British prison
ers and to see President Kruger. ¦
Eighty Hollanders have been lodged In
jail at btanderton for destroying property
prior to the British occupation. The wives
and children of the Boers are surprised
that the British do not loot, but pay for
what they get.
The Boers derailed a construction train
near Standerton June 24. Two trainmen
were killed and four badly hurt.
A party of Brabant's Horse, near Flcks
burg. saw a camp of khakl-clad men and
walked in, only to find themselves among
the Boers. The visitors surrendered.
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Times telegraphing yesterday says:
"The Boers are losing a large number of
horses from the cold and from lack of
food, and the survivors are in a miserable
condition. The inadequacy of the lioer.
commissariat is telling. on the burghers."
The Times editorially adopts the "sug
gestion of a correspondent that Johannes
burg should be the capital of the Trans
vaal colony," "because the traditions of
Pretoria are corrupt."
The following: dispatch has been re
ceived at the War Office from Lord Rob
erts:
PRETORIA. Presidency, June 25. — Clements
successfully engaged a body of Boers yesterady
near Wynburg, where he had gone to pick up
supplies and some heavy puns preparatory to
acting in combination with columns from
Llndley. Heilbron and Heidelberg. He drove
the v enemy north of Sand Sprultt, with loss.
No casual tics are reported.
Ian Hamilton* reports that Heidelbersr Is the
most English town he ha* yet seen. The In
habitants gave him a great reception. The
streets were crowded and decorated with bunt-
Ing- Captain Valentine hoisted the Union Jack
In the market Bquare amid the cheers of the
populace and of the British, Australian and
other colonial- troops. "God Save the Queen"
was suns, the crowds heartily Joining In.
The poor Royalists have had a 'Tough time
lately. Hiitton's mounted infantry skirmished
with the Boers yesterday a few miles south
east of Pretoria. Captain Anley Is reported to
have managed the little business very well.
Lieutenant Crispin and one of the Northum
berland Fusiliers were wounded.
Result of an Effort to Hem In the
Army of Dewet Will Not Be
Known for Several
Days.
NUMBERS OF PATRIOTS
HATE ALREADY ESCAPED
Lord Robert^ Six Columns
Converging Toward the .
Free Staters.
ATTEMPTING
TO ENTRAP
THE BOERS
THE SAX FR ANOI SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUIS T E 26, 1900.
2
ST. MATTHEWS' Mll &
SAN* MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BRKWEH. A. B.. Rector.
Hitchcock School,
* SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG fflEfl AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGIXS AtTGTTST 14TH.
RKV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
HEMS BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of tha few
schools selected t» represent th« development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 grraduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge; 200 graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open the entire
year; new 80-pase catalogue free.
jljiyiai&ES}-
"/ will ever continue to speak a
good word for Peruna. In my rounds
as a traveling man I am a walking
advertisement for Peruna and have
induced many people during the past
year to use Peruna with the most
satisfactory results. I am still
cured of catarrh. "
John 0. Atkinson,
Box 272, . Independence, Ho.
Many households rely upon Peruna as
their physician. It protects the family
from the innumerable Ills dependent on
climatic conditions, and is suited to young
and old alike. "Summer Catarrh." a book
written by Dr. Hartman, which treats of
the catarrhal diseases of summer, will be
sent free to any address by The Perunk
Medicine Company. Columbus. Ohio.
JOHN 0. ATKINSON AND WIFE, INDEPENDENCE, M0.
Under date of January 10. 1S3T. Dr. Hart-
man received the following letter: "I feel
It my duty to Buffering humanity to say, a
pood word for Peruna and Manalln. Tou
will perhaps remember my writing you
from Freeport, III., in June, July and
August, 1S95, in reference to my wife's
health, who 'had been suffering from a
complication of diseases for the past
twenty-flve years. -•.-•.-
"Your remedies do all that you
claim for them, and even more. Ca-
tarrh cannot exist where Peruna is
taken according to directions. Suc-
cess to you and your remedies.'*
John 0. Atkinson.
In a letter dated January 1, 1300. Mr. At-
kinson says, after five years' experience
with Peruna:
" Her case had baffled the skill of
some of the most noted physicians.
One of her worst troubles was chronic
constipation of several years' standing.
She also suffered with general debility
and paroxysms^ — sometimes as often as six
or eight times a day.
"At this tim<? she was passing through
that most critical period in the life of a
woman — change of life. In June. 1895, I
wrote to you about her case. You ad-
vised a course of Peruna and Manalln.
which we at once commenced, and have
to say It haa completely cured her.
She firmly believes that she would
have bsen dead only for these won-
derful rsmedies.
"About the same time I wrote you about
my own case of catarrh, which had been
of twenty-flve years' standing. At times
I was almost past polng. I commenced
to use Peruna according to your instruc-
tions, and continued its use for about a
year, and it has completely cured me.
PERUNA IN THE HOME
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
San Francisco. r u uf ,rnin.
STUDIES WILL RE RESUMED MONDAY".
August g. 1S0O. Dolores &t.. near S.xteenth.
FOLYTECHNIC ggEL N EC S E S
Oreat Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has the largest and best equipped depts. In the
West. IOrt youns men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. "Free catalog. Oak. and, CaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young :adtes. !1M
California »t.. will reopen August 6. 1*00.- Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children; carriare will call. REV. ED-
WARD a CHURCH. A. M.. PrlnclBai.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1 Q**& MARKET ST.-Actual business book-
«-^Ov» kceptng; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Uaegg shorthand,
the easiest, fastest and most readable. I'.i/
and evening. ,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAT.
August 7. 1300.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Kst. 1S77. M<>n and women taught In one
month the science of na^Iitatlnsr a vessel around
the world. Privately If desired. Marine engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VON
SCHOEX. M. E.. c^tc. principal. 42 Market st.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
jrrees: seminary course accredited to tha
Universities; rare opportunities offered \n music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C. T. MILLS Pres.. Mills College P. O..'Cal.
Thirty fifth yfar; fall term opens Au*. 8. 1J00.
J1JVDEJTSOJV ACADEMir.
Formerly University Academy, Alameda, ha*
been removed to Irvington. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and «rrr>unds In-
vited. W. W. AXDEUSON, Principal.
302 Montgomery st.. Pan Franclson. Cal.
Lessons personally ami by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. '
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SaORTHAND ACADEMY.
/ r IMRS. LILLIAN ROSS, BABY CEDERBERG AND THE SCENE OF THEIR SUNDAY. NIGHT ADVENTURE.
- PORTLAND, Or.. June 23 — The Orejron Rail
way and Navigation' Company to-day an
nounced that beginning July 1 it will inaugu
rate a 3-cent per» mile passenger rate; on its
lines " la Oregon and Washington. .
CHAMPIONS DRAWING AWAY.
"Win From New York While Quakers
Lose to Boston.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Club*— "W. t,. Pet. Chicago 24 58 .462
Brooklyn .34 17 .667 Cincinnati ..22 28 .440
I Phlla .......32 20 .6ir,Pt. Louis.. ..21 27 M%
I Rtftrn :r, 23 .500 New York.. .19 SO .SS3
j Pitteburg 25 27 .481!
POSTON, June 25.— The Philadelohias were
ba'ily handicapped from the start by their
pitchVrf. Berahard was hit hard. Thomas was
! wild, and Conn was worse, issuing eli^ht passes
and hlttlns four men. besides being batted
; for six hits In four innings. Attendance 2700.
i Score:
| Clubs— S R. H. E.
I Breton 20 19 0
Philadelphia 4 8 .4
Batteries — Dlnneen, Cuppy and Clements;
Bemhard. Thomas, Conn and McFarland. Um
pire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— Powell pitched in phe
nomenal form to-day. But one clean hit was
made off his delivery. Barrett's single In the
second was of a. ecratch order. Attendance,
1700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 7 2
Cincinnati .*-.. 0 2 2
Batteries — Powell and Criger; Brlttensteic
and Peitz. Umpir* — Terry.
BROOKLYN. June 25.— Erooklyn played rings
around New York to-day, usinc up three
pitchers and making twenty-three hita for a
total of twenty-six bases. Kennedy forced a
run in by giving a free pass with bases full
in the first, but alter that the New Yorks were
at his mercy. Attendance 2300. ScoN:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
New Tork 2 10 . 3
Brooklyn -.15 23 0
Batteries— Carrick, Hawley. Logan and Bow
erman; Kennedy and Farrell. Umpire— La
tham-
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE, June 25.— Score: Milwaukee
17 Kansa* City 4.
CLEVELAND, June 25. — Score: Cleveland 7,
Buffalo 3.
JJETROIT, June to.— Score: Detroit 8, Indian-
CHICAGO. June 25. — Score: Chicagro *, Minne
apolis 3.
LONDON, June 25.— The Australian com
monwealth bill passed its third reading . In
the House of Commons axnid cheers.
The Day's Dead
MAB.TIN" J. RUSSELL DEAD.
Editor of the Chicago Chronicle Suc-
cumbs to Bright's Disease.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich., June 25.—
Martin J. Russell of Chicago, president of
the Chicago Chronicle Company and edi
tor of the Chicago Chronicle, died here
last night of Bright's disease. Mr. Rus
sell had been a sufferer from this malady
for over a year. On Friday he arrived at
this place, accompanied by his wife and
son.
Mr. Russell was born in Chicago In 1845.
He served through the greater part of tho
civil war, gaining the. rank of lieutenant.
Upon his return from the war he became
a reporter and worked his way up to the
position he. held at the time of his death.
He held a number of local political offices
and during the last administration of
President Cleveland was Collector of Cus
toms of Chicago.
Death of Dr. Bussey.
BIGGS, June .25.— Last night Bennett
Bussey, M. D., died here at the age of 93.
He was the oldest physician in'Califor
nia, having graduated from the school of
medicine of the University of Maryland
April 7. 1S2S. He was a native of Han
ford County, Maryland, and ex-Senator
of that State; also ex-Collector of the
Port of New Orleans. Dr. Bussey arrived
in Butte County in 1£76 and has been
prominently identified with the Demo
cratic party ever since, and was the su
perintendent of the Butte County 'Infirm
ary for a term. He is survived by a
wife, a resident of Biggs, and two sons in
tho East.
Fall Proves Fatal.
FRESNO, June 25.— James Doran of
Reedley died yesterday afternoon from in
juries received in a fall from the Santa
Fe bridge near that place. He was, up to
the time of death, unconscious, from a
fracture of the spine. Doran fell through
the bridge at about midnight on Saturday
and was found In a dying condition two
hours later.
Death of S. P. Kimball.
VALLEJO, June 23.— S. P. Kimball died
at his ¦ home in this city this morning.
Deceased; who was SO years of age, came
to this city over thirty years ago. He
was a -shipwright and opened a yard and
repair ways at the foot of Solano avenua.
"Kimball's ways" are familiar words to
old timers. .
Death of James Gallagher.
James Gallagher, an old-time resident
of San Francisco, died at the family resi^
dence, 918 Broderick : street, yesterda~y"
after a long Illness. The deceased was 67
years of , age. For several years he held
a position In the Street Department at the
City Hall. Mr. Gallagher : was the father
of £>r. John J. Gallagher, formerly autop
sy surgreon at the Mocgue, and of Georjce
Gallagher, salesman at H. Liebes & Co.'s
fur store and well known as a politician.
CINCINNATI. June 25.-Jockey Tom
Britton was applauded at Newport to-day
Xor his garneness. Britton was on Dram
fcurg in the first race and in a false
breakaway his mount collided with Flop.
l>ramburgr fell and Flop kicked Britton
as he lay on the ground. Britton was
stunned for an instant, but in a short
time was able to remount. At the next
break ihe field was sent away and Drarn
burg at once ¦went to the front. In th«*
ttretch Flop closed in on him and a fierce
nrup£lP f-nsued. Britton finally landing
Dratnljurg- a winner by a nose amid the
•wild enc-ers of the large crowd In the
grandstand. Re5u!ts:
On* tr-lle, Mlling-Draniburg won. Flop sec
ond, Dincv Carly third. Time. l:«-».
Hve fL.rlor.KB— Kolhc:m won. Queen Carm
lal pCTttd Kmma C L, third. Time. i:0S;i-
Seven furlongs— Winter won, Carl C second.
Trasfdy third. Time, 1:27.
Ot.e and a sixteenth miles, celling— Peter
l>uryea won. Trebor second. Sauber third.
J-'Vx ' Ju'rlongs— Northumberland won. Iris enc
rn<i. fakatuck third. Time, 1:13%. <
fir.e and a sixteenth miles, eellinr— Jeannott
¦w.-u. G'«_-seU\-er second. Mizzoura third. Tims,
r;ETtV YORK. June Tj.-The Zephyr stakes
fcr tiv-.j.-ar-c'.rts was the only feature at
Bh«-*;.*h'a<1 Kay to-day. CaaisanSo galloped
all t!ie »ay. won cleverly bf one and a half
l»njrt.i!i anc* tr.ade much of his own runnlnp. in
1*9 3-;. close to the track record. Results:
KJv* fur<3r.=?. eellins— Cold Heels, won.
ISrown Lsif second. Bowen third. Time. 1:00.
Oae Dilc on turf— Blue I>evil won. Jack
Point *«orc McL-fod of Dare third. Time,
MO :-$.
Tb« Zephyr. Futurity course— Commando won,
llolsteln yst-cond. King Pepper third. Time,
'One "and an etehth miles— Favonlus "won,
Jlf-rito j-.or.j !r>;rui>lre third. Time, 1:35.
livt.lU. hi ii'i-En, one and a half milps— »>r.
Eichbor? won. Hardy C second. Hardy Pardee
tliird. Tlnu-w 2-V- 3-5.
Six furlonjc*. set inc— Pink Domino won. The
Otrinthiaa second. Kil«n Daly third. Time.
CT. Z/OT-'iS. June '-Z.— Tbe Fair Grounds
CHICAGO. June 2a. — Washington Park re
eults: WecUtf-r clear. Track fart.
Four furlen»s^-Gt.ldon Age won, Sllverdale
er-ennd, Jiminez third. Time, :tS\i.
One roil*'. wX;ine— Scales won Vohlcer sec
ond. Mit-s S»«anlev thij-d. Tim<\ l:t?.K.
OjRf end as. eiphth mile*— Cambrian rvr>n.
F-anRle B^cord. Zorr.aster third. Time, l:a»&.
• On* 1 rnrt * flxtf-Mh ml'.es— AH Gold u-jn,
praetorian second, Wcx third. Time, I:Se>4
£ii£ fw'.cr.i:: — Hay B^arh won. Fly-by-Nlfrht
frectitul Mcdrine third. Time, 1:14.
On* roJ)<-\ scHing— TopmaKt won, Patroon
fctooPd. Great Bend third. Time, 1:45.
Tommy Britton Kicked at
the Post by Flop at
Newport.
Though Stunned for an Instant He
E-emounts Pram burg and Lands
Him in Front by a
Nose.
JOCKEY WINS
APPLAUSE BY
HIS GAMENESS
Henry Austin Adams lectured in Met
ropolitan Temple last evening under the
auspices of Pioneer Council Xo. 1 of tho
Young Men's Institute. His theme was
"The Twentieth Century." The hall was
filled. Hon. Morris M. Estee presided. Be
fore the lecture Miss . Timmins and
Messrs. Stantlna and Martinez supplied
a very agreeable musical programme,
vocal and instrumental.
Mr. Adams attacked many existing con
ditions. He said at the outset that he was
an optimist and that he believed because
he was an American and, more especially,
because he was a Catholic, that things
would come, out all right after a while.
The twentieth century would be just
what the people of the present made of it.
The raDid movements of the time con
vinced him that intellectual progress was
down hill. All rapid movements indicated
downward progress; upward progress was
always slow. Education was being turned
into a fad. Women's clubs were talking
culture, fie hoped that all "women who
belonged to clubs would resign to-mor
row. Short-haired screech owls were go
ing through the land saying, "For God's
sake don't be narrow." To them he would
have women answer, "For God's sake
don't be shallow."
The consensus of opinion was that the
public school system of the country was
based on a false system, the speaker said.
A recent encyclical by Leo XIII had
wisely counseled that all teaching be
based on what was solid and this coun
sel had been proven good.
"Society in San Francisco consists of a
lot of bad people, and all the outsiders
are trying to get Into it," declared
Adams. "So it is in New York. As for
Chicago— good God! Society is absolutely
pagran."
There was not one contented home in
the land, said Adams. Women were striv
ing for invitations from those whose
names would have caused their mothers
to blush. College life was a bestial, mal
odorous existence. The students who
tried to do right were regarded as milk
sops. Politics were a reeking mass. All
knew what Congress and Legislatures
signified — places to get rich. Men who
drew up grandiloquent political platforms
winked at one another as they schemed.
A little money brought religious paraly
sis to Catholics as to others, Adams as
serted. The men attended the sacraments
until they were rich. - Their wives, when
wealth came, liked to dine with Episco
palians and Methodists and Baptists.
They thought that they were then above
the Irish. If , they could, they ¦would
change their names so that they wouldn't
sound Irish. If they came to church," how
they swept up the aisle! What were
Catholic millionaires - • doing for the
Highly Sensational Utterances of
Lecturer Surprise a Vast Au
dience That Gathers In
Metropolitan Temple.
Declares on Platform That
It Is Composed of Bad
People.
EXCORIATION OF
LOCAL SOCIETY
BY H. A. ADAMS
churches? If they gave a contribution of
$10 they thought they were doing some
thing fine.
Mr. Adams counseled a return to sim
plicity of thought and life and said that
with ten prominent Catholics to join with
him to stump the country a start could
be made toward rendering the United
States a Christian land.
track tv-bs a eca of mud to-day. The poor run
riof ot MalUytone, the. favorite in tnc Itirj
rare, wes <jumioned by the JuflE-R-- onO tho
owners were euppended for Investigation. Short
ly afterward the owners of the horse. Hogan &
Muldo.-.i\ rneated in a fistic contest, but ¦were
e».i«rate«l by the police. Results:
On-j mile, (ellinr—Gray Forpe woi Iiarrica
rooond, 'i'eklr. third. Time. 1:434.
One mile and twenty yards — Leo P'amt^r wen.
Txin.mer second W. B. Gates third. Time,
One mile and seventy yard^— ?^nl;iy v:cn,
Maud Wallace second. Maidstone third, flme.
Five furlongs — Wild Pirate won. Queen EMxon
second. CocswelJ third. Time. 1:03%.
Fix and a half furlongs, handicap— Lord Xev
ille won. Imperious second. Verify third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling — Xecklace won. Early
Bird second. Dave "VValdo third. Time, l:lStt.
BUFFALO. X. T., June 25.— Xancy Till fur-.
niEhed the surprise at Fort Erie this after
noon, beating such good sprinters as Zanone.
Loorazn and others in good time and at a big
price. E<! Moore, owner of Looram, claimed
Zanone after the race. Results:
Six and a half furlongs — Come Quick -won.
Tribune second. Annie Lauretta third. Time.
1:28.
Five furlongs— Egyptian Prince won, Frank
Morrison seconfl. Babinta third. Time. l:02H-
One and a sixteenth miles— A Winner won.
Ein F<>cond. Althea third. Time. l:4SVi.
Seven furlongs, selllnt; — Expelled won, Juco
ma second. Magog third. Time. 1:2S>4.
Six furlongs, selling— Nancy Till won, Za
none second, Poorlands third. Time. 1:14*4.
Six and a half furlongs — Fulminator won.
Ode Brooks second. TalaJa third. Time, 1:21^.
lar-bone on the left breast. My left arm
Is sore, toow
My husband, has been dead for nine ;
months. I have been married for four
years. My husband was a bookkeejier. I
have a trunk and valise at Mr. Cederbere's
house, I have been at the house to-day.
The nwn have been questioning me there.
I would know the man who struck me if I
should see him again. I have, him right
in my mind. He was an American. He did
not touch my Dockptbook. I had a few
cents in my pocketbook. I did not read
- about my case in the papers to-day. I only
saw the pictures. There was a policeman'
at the house when I picked up the paper
to lock «t the pictures. My father's name
Is Frank Lopez.
A Veritable Death Trap.
Daylight inspection of the premises at
3539 Twenty-fourth street shows that it
would have been almost Impossible for
Mrs. Ross to have started the lire and
then tied herself up in the fashion that
she was found, at least without the aid
of another person. Xot only was a flre
started in the back bedroom, but in the
dining room as well, for the lace curtains
on the windows have been burned away.
These curtains were fully three feet
from the door of the back bedroom. This
door was tightly closed, or the chances
are that Mrs. Ross would not have been
alive to-day to tell the story. The fact
that the bedroom fire was confined with
in the narrow •walls of a room 8x8 feet,
with no ventilation whatever, accounts
for the fact that it did scarcely any dam
age.
Mrs. Ross' bedroom was a veritable
trap. Once the fire got a pood start in
the dining room, she would have had no
means of escape except through a win-
dow fully twenty feet from the ground.
Nothing could have saved the upper por
tion of the house if the fire had burst
through the door of the back bedroom.
It seems unreasonable to suppose that
a woman would have taken such desper
ate chances to secure a few dollars.
Three witnesses testify that the ropes
with which she was tied were strong
enough to give her a hard tussle and
would have taken some time to unravel.
Mr?. Ross' hands are small, plump and
white, of the sort unaccustomed to hard
work. If she had been handling rough
ropes and bad cut open tha can of oil
ihat was poured over the furniture la the
uac& Detiroooi it stands to reason that tha
unaccustomed work would have left some
marK on cer tender flesh; but there were
no such marks discovered -when she was
released from her perilous position.
The can of oil that was usea bad been
left en the back veranda. The adjom
»ng houses are but a few feet away. They.
too, have bax:k verandas, and the people
who live in them were out and in many
times on Sunday night, Dut none saw any
light in the Ceaerberg kitchen during the
evening. The can ol oil muot have been
carneti inside 'and the top ripped neany
oft. The ropes used also came from tiie
n.ucaen.
'Xne Cederbergs were absent from, homo
nearly every Sunday night for several
hours. The head of the family always
latched the back door and earned tne
key to the front entrance with him. How
ever, it there was a burglar In the house
that nignt he mignt have got in at
the back bedroom windows, of which
there are two, both opening cut on the
sheds of the adjoining house. Cederberg
says that he found the catches of bota
windows •unfastened when he returned
heme that night.
ilrs. CtderDerg remembered yesterday
that she had leit J12 50 in coin with her
watch on tho bureau of her bedroom,
which the burglar must have taken.
Why the robber took this money and re
fused the $3 in silver that was in the
bureau drawer does not appear. 'Tha
chain that belonged with Airs. Cedc;-
berg"s watch was found in the watch
case, and with it a small silver time-i
piece which Cederberg said he had never
seen before. He carried the watch and
chain away with him, however.
Wlj^Was John Boss?
Just novr the detectives are trying to
find out who John Ross, who was alleged
to have been the husband of Mrs. Rosa,
was. Frank Lopaz. the girl's father, in
sists that Koss died in Sacramento before
the family removed to this city, and that
Mrs. Rose" youngest child was bom here
two months after the father's death.
Mrs. Ross Is equally positive that her
husband came here with the family ana
worked for some time at a place on Mar
ket street, and that his death occurred
in this city. The health records, however,
fail to show that any person of that nam«
has died in the city within the past year,
except an old man who died at the Alms
house, aged €S.
Mrs. Ross refused to discuss her affairs
for the benefit of the public yesterday.
"I am very tired," she said, "and
haven't had enough to eat for two dayrj.
When I get home and have some rest—
to-morrow, perhaps — I may talk to you."
She appeared perfectly self-possessed,
but complained of a bad headache, partic
ularly in the spot where she claims her
assailant hit her. After the police wera
through -with her late In the afternoon
she went to her home at S17 Vallejo
street, and there refused to be seen.
Unsr^a^en in
Her Story of
Strange Af
fair.
Woman De
fies Police to
Prove rfer
Guilt.
THE MYSTERY OF THE LILLIAN ROSS
AFFAIR STILL REMAINS UNSOLVED
Benies Implied Charg-es.
I do not know that there was any coal
oil on my hands. I did not smell my bands.
I did not have the c&al oil can in my hands.
I was in bed at the timt*. I did not hear
until- now anything about coal oil on my
hands. Yes. I remember nuw that I told
you this morning: that the coal oil on my
hands might have coine off the hand of
the man who tied me to the bed. The
rope with which I was tied belongs In the
kitchen of Mr. Cederberp'a house. We have
two lines in the kitchen. The man must
have wanted to burn the house and me.
Probably lie wanted to murder me. Yea.
I guess be could have murdered me in bed
Just aa easily. He did not gag me or put
anything over my mouth to keep me from
hollering. He Just tied me and left me
there, and when I woke up I Btnelt smoke.
Just as quick as he struck me. he prabbed
me and pulled me down. I did not feel
him tying me up. This bump to the right
of the center of my forehead hurts me.
I'm Just stunned. My head goes every
which way. and my eyes loop down. My
forehead was swollen last niKht. and they
kept putting rags and brandy on it. The
man caused this bruise Just below my col-
Detectives Completely at
Sea in Trying to Fio^
Clew to the Cederberg
jobber and Incendiary.
Graphic Story of Alleged
Burglar's (Attack Told by
Mrs. f^oss to Captain
Seymour.
I dosed off and before I knew it a man -seas at the side of
my bed. He said, "I want your money." I said, "I haven't got
any." When he came near the bed I saw his face. He was a tall
man with blue eyes. He had no mustache and he wore a brown hat
¦with a wide brim. — Prom a statement made by Mrs. Lillian Boss to
Captain of Detectives Seymour.
DETEP mystery still enshrouds the
attempted burninp of the domicile
of E. S. Cederberg at 2539 Twenty
fourth street In which Mrs. Lillian
Boss was foun4 tied to a bedpost on Sun
day night. The detectives confess that
they axe completely at sea In trying: to
«et at the truth of the matter. The story
of the young woman that she was at
tacked by a man •who demanded money
and who knocked her Eenseless and bound
fcex hand and foot while he robbed the
Cederberg strongbox, seems highly im
probable, but she rticks to it and proof
is lacking to refute it- On the other hand
It seems absurd to reason from the evi
dence at hand that Mrs. Ross set the fir*
and then tied herself into what appears
to have been a veritable death trap.
Captain of Detectives Seymour has
taken a deep Interest in the case, but
fi/ter he had folio-wed every possible clew
be was obliged to confess last night that
he was no wiser than when he began.
Detectives Graham, Fitsgrerald. Byrain
and VTrer.ii worked all day in conjunction
•with Fire Marshal Towe, but the efforts
of the entire party were futile. The Fire
Marshal strorifrly suspects Mrs. Ross of
the crime and the detectives agree •with
him. but they have no evidence even of a
circumstantial nature to back up their
euspicions.
"Prove It if you can," says Mrs. Ross
defiantly, when she Is questioned as to
whether she did not set the fire. She ex
pected to be arrested and was evidently
prepared for the ordeal of a trial. But
she was not arrested. Captain Seymour
visited the Cederberg: residence in the
afternoon and took her back with him to
the City Hall, where she made a written
Etatemeat which only served to plunge
the detectives into deeper mystery- She
was perfectly calm and answered all
questions without embarrassment, but did
cot volunteer any information. Wiaen the
interview was at an end and Captain Sey
mour told her she might gx> she evinced
considerable surprise. "Do you mean that
I can go home?" she asked. "Certainly."
was the reply. "Thank you," said Mrs.
Rf>p>«, as she left the office.
The statement made by Mrs. Ross In full
is as follows:
Mrs. Boss' Statement. .
Mr name is Mrs. Lillian. Ross. I work
for Mrs. E. O.1<*rb«:-g at her residence,
3Z2S Twenty-fourth street. My father lives
at £17 Vallejo street. I have worked for Mrs.
« "e<i«Tt>erg for four months. After Mr. and
Mrs. Odfrberg Jeft the house at T.SO o'clock
last night, the baby vru sleepy, and I went
to the window with the baby to say good-
Ijy to Mr. and Mrs. Cederberg. as I g»n-
eraJly do. I then rocked the baby to s'.c-ep
in the front room and put it to bed. I then
went to bed myselt The baby, Mrs. Ceder
bere and 1 all rleep in the sam-^bed. I
dozed ofT. and before I knew it a man was
at the tide cf my b»Z. He sa.id: "I want
money." I fa:d: "I haven't got any."
¦\Vhen he came near the bed I saw his
face. He was a tall man with blue eyes.
He had no mustache, and he wore a brown
hat with a wide trim. He hit me on the
head, grabbed me by the legs, dragged me
down the bed, and tied my hands and my
feet. I lay there for a while, and -*'hen
I woke uii I smelt smoke. Then I hollered
ar.d knocked on the floor. Then the people
came and took me downstairs. I do net
krow that my nishtclothes were out of
order. When I saw the man at my bed
I did not hofler. because I was too scared
to holler. There was a small oil light burn
in? low and shaded when I saw the man.
He was bo tall that I had to look up to
ee» him. He knix-k^d me sens-tless. and I
don't remember what herc^ned after he
hit me. I den't know why he did not tie
my right hand. My neck was red from the
ropes, and my shoulder v,-as bruised. 1 don't
know what he ptru<-k me with. Dr. Ander
son said he must have struck me with a
sandbag. My head ha* been dizzy all to
day, and my eyes want to close. I didn't
h.pjir him or>en the door of the room. The
door was or«en a little for air. I don't know
that the front door wns open. I did not
bump my head against the bed while I was
tied. I hollered and pounded the floor when
the smoke came in. I could not loosen my
self. When I hollered, the baby began to
cry.
One Theory of the Case.
There is a bureau in the room where I
ele*;\ b'-it no money was taken from it by
the men. I don't knotv what bureau had
the money In It. The bureau that had the
raoripy in It is In the ro<->m where Mr. Oedcr
berjr sleeps. I don't know why the man
slicuM have hit me arvl tied me. and ex
posed himself to the liability of bfing
caught, when he oould as easily have taken
the money from Mr. Oederberg's room with
out disturbing me. Maybe his object was to
burn the house and me, too. I don't know
what his Intention was. I did not intend to
leave Mr. Oiderberg's employ. I was go
ine to move with them. I did not know
that they were eoins to a house where
some one committed pu'eide or murder.
They were talkinp about moving last ni^ht.
and I said I would not (t&y alone at the
new house, because I had heard that some
babies ha<3 <3ie<3 there. I toJ<i them after
ward that I would go with them.
I am ?2 years of age. I was born In Pan
Jose. CaJ. I am of Planish descent. My
father and mother are Spanish. They were
both born and raised In San Jose. I have
two children. One is 2 years old and the
other is 6 months old. My mother keeps
both of the children. I was nursing Mrs.
Oderbersr's baby. I nursed it because I
had to do something to get something to
eat. My father is out of work. My father
came to see me once at the Cederberg
house. It was about eettlns work for him.
He got a job as hodcarrier and worked
a while at that, but the work was too hard
for him. Then he worked about a. week
at dtgcls? for the same man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
3
g| 1 1 |||| fh ISSUED BY AUTHORITY OF I II ||ij'T^ >Vv^ N M
W^C^\ / irfT-K. HE union label is what you want to have on the -^4^; u&s
MzH^W /?fjir clothing you purchase. You want it because it is a /QS^|S
8l%%r X 0$^ sure guarantee of good workmanship and absolute f|ON&
Mf^lM^ l<; l cleanliness. When buying clothes, you use your eyes fljt\N| §f
anc * In^ ers t0 J uc^g e cloth, fit and general appearance, vMl si
?Nlif%^p* but the union label guarantees ail the other requirements.
|||^y^ Bv manufacturing our own clothing the prices are lower \*t||
ftis^^ than the usual retail prices, yet we employ union labor — tS>
mfy the best paid labor in the world. This quality is worth |§§
p Our store abounds in values. We now emphasize good, well-made, |||
I Suits and Overcoats for $9.85 i
I® We have sold these j/ery suits and overcoats for $12.50 and $15.00, but the sizes ||||
H were all complete then. Now almost each pattern is short a few sizes, but the clothes t;p
||. as a whole contain all sizes. When the sizes became incomplete we reduced the price. \^jj
H Now is your chancejto save a tew dollars on your clothes. -? ¦ '42j
i> The suits comprise cheviots, serges and clay worsteds — all dressy materials; the j£+J
||j] overcoats are kerseys, coverts, oxford grays and cheviots — all fashionable garments. <- ;'i
I Boys' Suits m
m ni^JlERE are suits that can be worn all through vacation and yet be in good con- [xV^
I* If^iS cl ' l i° n w hen school begins, no matter how hard the boy is on his clothes. fM
&? 4,'ii^.w They are for boys from 8 to 16 years ; coat is well lined and sewed — [^,' ?
*j$ " double breasted in style — large assortment of patterns — browns and grays k:;l!
H in checks, stripes and herring-bones; suits are all wool, silk sewed, perfect fitting and few
Box of fireworks free with either a suit or overcoat in this department until July 4th. L ,|
H We fill all out-of-town orders with the utmost care and promptness. You can deal with }ri
us by mail and be assured of the same treatment as though you bought in person. Writa |VjJ
|| "^18 Market Street. l|jCHICAGO. June 23.— The Times-Herald
to-morrow will say: Governor Theodore
Roosevelt will leave New York City next
Friday for Chicago, arriving in this city
on Saturday and leaving the same night
for Oklahoma City, where he will attend
the reunion of his old regiment, the Rough
Riders. He will not come West as the
Republican Vice Presidential candidate,
but as a private citizen, glad to meet his
soldier comrades again and be welcomed
by them. On arriving In Chicago he will
become the guest of Paul Morton, second
vice president of the Santa Fe road, in
whose car he will make the journey to
Oklahoma. _;
A year ago when Governor Roosevelt at
tended the reunion at. Las Vegas, N. M.,
Mr. Morton placed the private car at his
service and it was accepted. On the home
ward Journey from Las Vegas Mr. Morton
proffered the car for use again this year,
and the Governor accepted the tender.
His presence in Chicago, therefore, is in
keeping with his promise given in June,
1S99. Mr. Morton said yesterday:
"I have a telegram from Governor
Roosevelt in which he says that he Is cer
tainly going to Oklahoma City, but de
sires It thoroughly understood that he Is
not making a political trip, and that any
speechmaklng demanded of him will be re
sponded to only in the character of a pri
vate citizen."
SOUTHERN DEMOCRATS ; :
DO NOT FAVOR TOWNE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 23.— As far as the
delegates to the National Democratic
Convention from Southern California arc
concerned they seem to be of the opinion
that neither E. E. Crandall of Los Ange
les or Mayor James D. Phelan of San
Francisco "are In the running for the
honor of Democratic national committee
man from California. They concede that
the slate is fixed and that Michael F.
Tarpey of Oakland will succeed J. J.
Dwyer. Former Senator Stephen M.
White and R. F. del Valle, the delegates
from this end of the' State, will leave for
Oakland on Thursday night's owl. Mrs.
White will accompany her husband to
Kansas City, the entire party leaving for
the East Friday morning. Neither White
nor Del Valle Is impressed with the
candidacy of Charles A. Towne for Vice
President. While Towne may be popular
with certain Silver Republicans Demo
crats feel that a Democrat can be found
within the party who will he more ac
ceptable. Judge J. Noonan Phillips, who
will head the Silver Republican delega
tion, also will leave for Kansas City
Thursday. Tire lines are more sharply
drawn this year between Sllverltes and
Democrats, hence Phillips says his crowd
will herd by Itself. Phillips is not enthu-
Fiastic over the nomination of Bryan and
he does not think the Minnesotan will be
Bryan's running mate.
CARING FOR. THE PRESS.
Kansas City Committees Have Al
most Completed Arrangements.
KANSAS CITY. June 25.— The commit
tees appointed to provide facilities for, the
working newspaper men who wUl attend
the National Democratic Convention have
about completed their arrangements. " G.
M. Hitchcock of the Omaha World-
Herald, who is chairman of the general
press committee. Issued the following
statement to-night: . S£S4tf
To Newspaper Publfshers: Unfler Instruc
tion* of the .National Committee the apportion
ment of press seats for working newspaper men
hes been substantially agreed upon by the local
press committee and the general press com
mittee. Newspapers which have applied for
seat3 will be advised by wire of allotment
made not later than Thursday.
O. M. HITCHCOCK.
• ' Chairman General Press Committee.
n. H. LINDSAY, .
Chairman Local Press Committee.
1XIZENOIS DEMOCRATS.
Alschuler May Get the Nomination
for Governor.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 25.— The
Democratic convention for the nomina
tion of. a State ticket and the selection of
delegates to the Kansas City convention
will meet here to-morrow. There are
three active candidates for the nomina
tion for Governor— Samuel Alschuler of
Aurora. Alfred O. Ttendorff of Spring
field and Adam Ortseifen of Chicago.
Since noon to-day the tide has set In
ptronsly in favor of Alschuler, and his
friends speak with confidence of his nomi
nation. Orendorff has exeat strength in
the central and southern parts of the
State. There is still considerable talk ot
a stampede to Mayor Harrison* of Chi-
CftfO.
Desires to Make th.e Trip as a Pri
vate Citizen and Not as a
Vice Presidential
Candidate.
New York's Governor Will
Attend Rough Riders'
Reunion.
OKLAHOMA TO
BE VISITED BY
COL. ROOSEVELT
WASHINGTON. June 25.— The Post to
morrow will print an authorized state
merit from Representative Grosvenor 01
Ohio, in reply to the statement by Mr.
Quipe, the New York member of the reso
lutions committee of the National Repub
lican Convention, denying certain allega
tions of Mr. Grosvenor of mutilation of
the Republican platform by Mr. Quigg.
Grosvenor's statement is as follows:
I have read Mr. Qulgre*s statement. I hold
in my hand the original document which was
handed over to him, with certain Interlinea
tions of no very material Importance, but
which required the redrafting of one entire
page and a part of another. Otherwise It was
the platform agreed upon by the committee
and the sub-committee and no man connected
vilth the transaction will put his name to any
statement contradicting mine. It is in my
possession, having been handed to me by Sen
ator Foraker after he recovered It from Mr.
Quigg the day following the action of the con
vention on the platform. It contains inter
lineations In the handwriting of Senator For
aker and others. It contains the extract JYom
the message of the President of the United
States proclaiming: the policy of the Republi
can party In the matter of the government of
the islands. It contains a plank distinctly pro
claiming the policy of the Republican party
in the matter of legislation In reference to cur
island possessions In the words I wave in my
letter to the New York Journal, .'t contains
a direct approval of the policy of legislation In
favor of the merchant marine of the country,
all of which Is omitted from Mr. Qulss's t>lat
fcim.
I had thia document when I made the state
ment to the New York Journal unj t had the
positive evidence of the truth of every state
ment I made, and any one so »le»lnn* can
come to me and examine- the documentary evi
dence to which I have referred, whUh will
convince any man of the truth of my state
ment. I have the statement of Senator Fair
banks, which does not say anything. It is not
a Question of whether he approved of the
change of the platform or not; It Is a question
or whether or not the revision which Mr.
Quigg calls the rewriting of the platform by
him changed the whole character of the docu
ment. I refer to one single statement of Mr.
QuIkk, and that was that the' platform was
considered to be too long. The platform as
handed over to Mr. Quigg contained 2000 words;
the platform adopted as written by Mr. Quigrg
I shall have nothing more to say about this
matter. The document is in my possession at
this date and will be retained by me until I
can return It according to my promise to Sen
ator Foraker. The Republican party will not
be t-eriously affected by the matter, for the
reason that we have the two great speeches
delivered in the convention and will have the
letter of the President accepting the nomi
nation.
Mr. QuiKg's statements In regard to myself
are matters of the most vital Importance to
me. and the controversy ends right here and
now.
Convention at Kansas
City.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
MAY FORM A PARTY
Await the Action of the Democratic
NEW^ORK, June 25.— Anti-imperialists
to the number of thirty-live from the
principal cities of the country met to-day
at the Plaza Hotel to determine what ac
tion the followers of this line of national
policy shall take' in the coming campaign.
As a result of the conference it ts probable
that a new party will be formed, the mem
bers of which will vote independently of
both the Republican and the Democratic
parties.
A resolution was unanimously passed
directing the executive committee of the
Anti-Imperialist League, under the aus
pices of which to-day's meeting was held,
to call a general conference or conven
tion of antl-imperiallsts to consider a plan
of campaign. This will not be issued until
after the National Democratic Convention
at Kansas City, and probably will be for
a date early in August.
The resolutions state that the call Is to
be issued "to the* end that we may carry
into effect our condemnation of the Impe
rialistic policy of the present administra
tion."
Speaking of the conference and its prob
able result, Chairman Smith of Chicago
said to-night:
"We do not want to form an Independent
party unless the action of the Kansas City
convention makes It necessary. Until the
convention at Philadelphia the Republican
party had never made a party stand on
the question, of anti-imperialism. When
they adopted their platform we saw that
we had nothing: to hope from that organi
zation."
Favor James Hamilton Lewis.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25.— The Oregon
delegates to the Democratic National
Convention of Kansas City will leave
Portland t>iday evening. It is stated un
officially that the first choice of the dele
gation for the Vice Presidential nomina
tion is James Hamilton Lewis of -the
State of Washington.
Produces in Support of Sis Accusa
tion the Original Document
Agreed To by the Com
mittee.
Grosvenor Insists the Repub
lican Platform Was
Mutilated.
STILL ADHERES
TO HIS CHARGE
AGAINST QUIGG
PLOTTED TO RESTORE
KINGDOM OF POLAND
Editor of a Prussian Paper on Trial
on a Charge of Hig-h
TTeason.
BERLIN, June 25.— A specVal dispatch
from Leippie says that the Supreme Court
began to-day the trial of the charge of
high treason brought against Wis>hold
Keifgeber, editor of the Gazetta Ostrow
s-ka.. published at Oftrowska. province ,of
Posen. The Indictment includes a printer
named Melerowicz and a tailor named Ke
lenda. The accused are charged with sup
porting the Polis-h national fund at Rap
porsweil. Switzerland, the purpose of
which is to restore the kingrdom of Poland
by making collections through Posen.
A document was read to the court in
which Keifgeber glorified the idea of the
resurrection of Poland. To-day's session,
which was secret, was devoted to hearing
the statement of the police who had un
earthed the data upon which the Indict
ment was founded. The trial was last for
several days.
OF INTEBEST TO THE COAST.
Organization of the First National
Bank of Honolulu.
{Special IMsp&teb to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day authorized
the ore-anizatlon of the First National
Bank of Honolulu, with a capital of $loo.
000 The necessary blanks were sent to
the Seiigrmans of New York. Bruce Cart
wrirbt. Georpe W. Macf arlane and B. R.
Banning of Honolulu and Daniel Meyer
and E. FL LJllenthal of San Francisco are
named as incorporator?. This is the In
stitution in which, it was said some time
a*ro. First Assistant Postmaster General
Perrv S. Heath and his brother were
large'ly interested. Although they may
now have an interest In it, they are not
nanvd in the bank"s papers.
Charles H. Schultz of San Francisco has
been appointed tag-ger in the Bureau of
Animal industry-
The following pensions have been
gTanted i
California: Original — Mortimer Smith. Stel
la IS; Thomas Fjtzmaurice. Soldiers' Home, Jfi.
lncrea.se— Jefferson Carville. Riverside, $S;
ThoraaF Walfh. San Jose. $19.
Oregon: Original — George U. Campbell, Rose
bunr. *S. Increase — Uanlel Kinney. Prairie
Creek. fS.
Washinrton: Widow— Christian Harrier.
Snohomish, fS. i
CAETEE YET HOPEFUX.
Attempt Will Be Made to Eeopen the
Captain's Case.
LEAVKKWORTH, Kans., June 25. — An
other effort will be made shortly to ob
tain a rehearing of the famous Carter
rase. The plan is to try to bring Carter
l>*fore a civil court on a writ of habeas
corpus and then have the case tried upon
its merits. Carter recently was visited
by a wealthy uncle from New York and
the two held a long conference together.
Befor* 1 leaving, the undo raid to th«» War
den that he soon would return, accom
panied by two of the best attorneys in
S'ew York.
ATLANTA. Ga... June 25.-Thirty-seven
bodies have been recovered from the
wreckage of the Southern train which
went into a washout one mile and a half
Irom McDonough on Saturday night.
Three bodies were found to-day. Tney
GPJFFITH. Supervisor.
W. L. MORRlSSETTiS, superintendent
pumping ttation.
J 11. Hl'NNirrTT. frolRht conductor.
The charred places of two other bodies
were found. >t
The .njured who were nont to iic-
Donough or Macon and those brought
here have left for their h.ffiits. Many
of the bodies of the <l«»d have not been
identified and these remain at the under
takirg establishments, waiting to be
claimed by relatives or friencs. These
bodies are principally those of negro sec
tion hands who were killed. The number
in the gane. which was making its "a ay
to do repair work on The Georgia Midland
and Gulf roa/i. is rim known. All of them
perished. They are rupposcd to have
numbered about fifteen, which will make
the total casualties forty.
It Is believed that 6ome bodies s=till re
main under the debris, which will be
thoroughly cleared away by to-morrow.
Traffic will be resumed in twelve hours.
During the recent heavy rain? vigilance
has been exercised bv railroad offiVials in
watchinfr the roadbed, and it is said that
the culvert over Camp Creek, where the
wreck occurred, was inspected and re
ported O. K. thirty minutes before the
train ran Into the gulch. "Tlie culvert
pave way because the watpr rose to a
height sufficient to pet in between the
abutment walls and the earthen embank
ments. It was constructed of stone and
brick. The embankment is about fifty
feet h!gli at this point and quite long.
Culvert Which Gave Way Had Been
Inspected Only Thirty Minutes
Before the Accident
Victims of the Georgia Rail
way Disaster Number •
Forty.
THIRTY-SEVEN
BODIES FOUND
IN THE WRECK
CHICAGO, June 25.— Martin B. Madden of Chicago, who was a member of
the committee on resolutions at the Philadelphia convention, said to-day that it
was he and not Lemuel E. Quigg who substituted the word "Isthmian" for
the word "Nicaragua" In the national platform.
Mr. Madden frankly admits that he alone Is responsible for the change In
the canal plank, and does so In Justice to Mr. Quigg. another member of the
committee on resolutions, who has been charged with eliminating the specific
term "Nicaragua."
ADMITS THERE WAS A CHANGE.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO. June 25.-Lemuel Eli Quigg, the well-known New York politician,
brought cult in the Superior Court to-day against the Chicago Times-uer
nld for libel, placing the damages at $100,000. The article on which the
libel is based was printed in the Times-Herald on Sunday morning Minder
a Washington date. In which it was implied that Quigg received for
placing the word "Isthmian"' in place of the word "Nicaragua" In the Republi
can platform at Philadelphia, The inference is that he was in the employ as
attorney of a corporation seeking aid from the Government for constructing a
canal, and the change In the platform was made to satisfy his clients and raaxe
It eii^icr to carry out their project. *
NEW TORK, June £5.-Lemuel E. Quigg. who was the New York member or
the committee on resolutions, said to-day that the committee on resolutions naa
considered the canal matter in a full session, and, Inasmuch as a commission
has been appointed to survey, examine and report on the Panama route next win
ter, it had been deemed advisable to leave the matter open and declare In favor
of a canal across the isthmus, which was an indorsement of no route, but lett
tho party free to accept the best route. As to control of the canal by this
Government there was no question raised In committee.
"The phrase 'isthmian canal' was used with the draft brought from Wash
ington by Postmaster General Smith," said Mr. Quigg, "and the paragraph as
adopted by the convention was in the final draft prepared by Senator Foraker of
Ohio. I think Senator Foraker used the exact language of Mr. Smith after par-
Ing It down considerably. Of course, the original draft brought from Washing
ton was far too large and stood considerable paring."
It was said to-day that when Mr. Smith heard the platform read he was
much disgusted over the changes which had been made in it by the committee
fin resolutions. He said that It was not the platform the President wanted.
Quigg Resents a New Accusation That
He Altered the Philadelphia
Platform.
CONVENTION CHARGES
BRING ON LIBEL SUIT
American Consul at Madrid
Uncovers a Clever -
Swindle.
YANKEES TAKEN
IN BY SPANISH
BUNKO CLIQUE
Victims Made to Believe They Would
Share in Money Filched From
the Treasury of King
Alfonso.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— Dwlght Reed,
United States Vice Consul at Madrid,
Spain, has brought to the attention of the
State Department a clever and ingenious
swindle which has been attempted upon
various parties in this country by certain
Spanish schemers. The Consul transmits
a sample letter which was used in the at
tempt to defraud. It was sent to H. Stenl
of Buffalo. N. Y., and was signed "Louis
Samper Stenl." The writer claims and
explains a close relationship with the re
cipient of the letter.
"Louis Samper Stenl" recites a long se
ries of untoward happenings and compli
cations which only financial aid can njena-
He has come into possession of some ?6o0,
000, confessedly an embezzlement from the
Spanish Government, but In order to in
sure his money against recovery by the
officials he has deposited It in a Mexican
bank, payable upon presentation of a
check accompanied by a certain counter
sign arranged by himself and the bank.
Certain legal steps have been taken
against him, and in lieu of ready money
to- defend his part of the proceedings he
has been put Into prison and his personal
effects, Including a valise in which re
poses the "countersigned" check for his
fortune, are about to be sold at auction.
In return for timely financial aid from
his "blood relation" he promises a quar
ter of his fortune, his daughter's share or
the money during her minority and his
everlasting gratitude. His daughter Is at
a convent, and the prior is the sole othei
possessor of his secret. He asks that a
reply be Bent to Teodoro Runez, Calle de
Swivela. Chamber*, Madrid. The latter ia
a nephew of the prior but is ignorant of
the existence of the check, and the writer
therefore cautions that the answer be sent
in an envelope Inclosed within one ad
dressed to "Runez."
Similar communications have been sent
to persons all over the United States, the
writer in most cases assuming the same
name as the person addressed. During the
past year. Consul Reed says, parties have
come from Boston and New York all the
way to Madrid, only to find themselves
victimized. The Consul has been be
sieged of late by inquiries by the recip
ients of letters asking some information
about the signers of the communications.
He has' endeavored to answer them all,
but In view of the growth of the swind
ler's overtures he finds the task becoming
great. Steps probably will be taken to
hunt down the offenders and mete out
proper punishment.
KUMASSI'S RELIEF
NOT FAR DISTANT
British Central African Company
Called Upon to Assist in Quell
ing the Kebellion.
LONDON, June 25.— The Government
has received dtepatches from Ashantl In
dicating that the relief of Kumassl should
be accomplished this week. About 850
men of the British Central African native
forces palled on June 22 for Ashantl,
where they will be employed to quell the
uprising. This is the llrst time that the
British African Company has been called
upon to partake in the responsibilities of
the empire.
THE SAN ifBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
4
GRAND BALL
ON Away from the dust and
City's Din. • Music by
THE 5 FAM1LY Orchestra.
Dine and Dance at the
4 hotel, Rest and Ramble
among Oak -clad hills.
PASO ROBLES
" HOT SPRINGS
nOUnd Tickets on sale July a to *, «t all
TlMn s - p - Stations. jj°°d toJolyfi.
1 1 • W For other information aprlyto F. W.
CC OH ELY, dry atf. 640 Mkt. Tel Red 2T-3B
OD.tU Otto E. Never, Prop. Paso Robles.
Located tn the midst of grand and lmpre««*T«
mountain scenery, with Mount 8hasts
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND STSHINO.
Unsurpassed culslce and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, tactudin*
sleeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: e. B. PIXLEY. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Build In*. San Franclaco.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda JSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
>'For tlx years I xvum m. victim ordyi*
pepsia in its worst form. I could cat notbin?
but milk toast, and ut times my stomach would
not retain and digest even that Last March 1
began tailing CASCA RETS and since t&enl
have steadily improved, until I am as well as I
ever was in my life."
David H. Mcbpht, Newark, O.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG, 31« Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG & WARNER, Highland
Springs, Cal.
DANCING sir nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis, Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY SVi HOURS
OF STAGING,
AND ONLY $S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
eomtvel? cored by theso
little Pills.
They also rtUeve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet rexudy for Dizziness. Nausea, Drowsl-
aess, Bad Tasteto the Mouth, Coated Tongut
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. I*urely Vegetable.
Small FEU. Small Dosa.
. Small P?!ca»
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3»4 Hours' Ride From Ix» Anirelea. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the 'Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famoua Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
HcTtEI^^IETROPoYe and COUNTRY CLUB
always opea Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phiets. apply to^^
til Market it.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
122 Sooth Spring st.. Loa Angelea. Cal.
ADV2ETI3EMENTa
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, ewimmlw,
flshlnK. tennis, croquet, billiards, bowllnjf alley.
eolf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
riseo $3 00 Full Information at Traveler office.
[nffiwit, or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
If you desire a vacatlo'n of complete rest
and recreation, with good health, the cozy
SARATOGA SPRINGS
will suit you exactly. Booklet. '
J MARTENS. Prop.. Machelor P. O..
Lake Co. City Office. 416 Pine street..
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine nshing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est no poison oak, no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June i. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEHOXS, Independence Lake. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS KOTELr^ w So P K
Unequaled soda .and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendocino Ccunty. Cal.
OCEAN EXCURSIONS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co., San Francisco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, ' Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
30 to 35 days' trip. -
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21. via Juneau. Skaguay. Olacler
Bay and the Inland Passage, In Bight of Mt.
St Ellas, via Unimak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome." thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Mont-
gomery st. -
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS 1^1™^
bortngs; new management; a place of eomfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F., via Tlburon
ferry R R- station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up p*r week;
round-trip $1 10 «n Sunday. COOPER. & STEW-
ART, Ajtua Callente, Cal. Long-distance phone.
VA^FMITF S 1 * hour> from - s »«>
I V/Ol-lTll 1 1— Francisco, via the Bl s
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. r R. dally. Round trip from
Ban Francisco $32. For further Information call
or address WM. . -I. • WHITE. General . Agent.
630 Market St., S.' F.; telephone Main 51S2
¦"iffiv TOCALOMA, M J 0 RIN
BERTRAND MOTEL— Flrst-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties; fishing, bathlhK, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. 324 Kearny St.. 8. F.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. Flrst-class table
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W
BRUXING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. ; fine fishing, boatingr, bathinjr and
hunting: In the heart of the mountains. Th*
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
. MAN. -Mldlake P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
THE GEYSiiRS, .££~
¦ - : ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural . steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write lor pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
A^\ "Soup
I «-"» r*~*vy XHF
•Vt' %? ,+01^ I peror understood
\ xi^^^ 1 .that primarily the
\ i soldier is a stom-
\ / * ach. Primarily
**•-' every man is a
¦tomach. The whole body and brain are
dependent for health and life upon the
orcerline^ and completeness of the pro-
cesses which {jo on in the stomach and
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
People viho have been treated for dis-
ease of head, heart, lungs, liver, nerves
or blood have often been treated in vain,
until they began the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. When this
medicine had healed the stomach and
cleansed the blood, the other diseases
disappeared.
¦ Six years ej-o last August I was attacked with
r-.t'.ariii fever." writes Mr. Daniel A. Carter, of
Voirt, Rowan Co., N. C. "My spWn become en-
larged, and I was in bed off and on for four
vear*. I went to the doctors and some of them
iaid I had rfvspcysia, others said I had liver
trouble. The'lart aoctor I had called it chrouic
liver and stomach disease. So I paid out money,
end noihinp did me any good. Two years ago
I commenced Inking Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. Und csed ten bottles, and now I
can do a» big a day's work as any man."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a
boon to bilious people. They cure.
? 0*0»0i0*0*O«-0«0*O*O50*0*0J
IVBGHY IS "» LT " F » U I
$M a * nra^ Mineral Water *
O 1^1 *' th medJcInal qttaUtla*- °
o Jill For Indigestion and %
o *&wki Stomach Disorders, o
S0 " alled VICHY I
ZpMk^M IN SIPHONS t
I tyjGHYl
? §jll&fflM Cet the Genulno ©
O A. VIGN1ER, Distributing Asrent*
«c«oeoto^o40vi>< - *• v* ¦*© *o*>o-s>o*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,.1 A\ Aii DR. PIERCE S
IfP^fll ELECTRIC
Wm^ BELT.
THI8 BELT IS WAR.
Av»» ranted to be the latest im-
' ' proved, most powerful and
In all respects the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows Ita electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Dumbly Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Dcuble wire euepennory for men. It will curs
any disease on earth that it is possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cures when others fail.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. 2," free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
<Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New Tork Clty^
F»/\L/\GI3 HOTEL
ODEWrlY.STRONG&CO.^^
patents;* j
3?'.1 MARKET bT-Sr! **£**'
GRAND HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a. discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when tn San Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesala
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points oC interest
peas the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
Dr. C. C. O'DonnelFs Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and atomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and 8. F. and N\ P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at tha
nark Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021H
Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. 8. F. If
you want your health thls > Is the place to go.
Disordered stomach Is the cause of the ma-
jority of diseases that afflict humanity. The
stomach has an important function to perform.
The first is that of nutrition, the process by
which the food Is digested, properly assimilated
and transformed Into blood, tiesue and vital
energy, and this constantly supplies the waste
tha*. is always taking place in the system, as
a result of wbat is consumed 1 In the process
of existence. When this function Is Impaired
by any one of the -diseases from which the
liver stomach and Intestines suffer, the nutri-
tion of the body Is impaired, the amount of
waste that is continually going on immediately
exceeds the quantity of nutritive matter that Is
absorbed to supply it, and, consequently, the
loss exceeds the supply, the body Is In a con-
dition of decline, health fails, emaciation oo-
curs. the blood becomes Impure and the sys-
tem Is In a condition where It readily contracts
contagious diseases, and being too weak to re-
sist, is destroyed by them. Few people are
free from some form of stomach trouble, but
scarcely two will have the same symptoms.
The^ commoner symptoms are headache, dizzl-
nese, biliousness, sour stomach. Irregularity of
the bowels, heartburn, a feeling of uneasiness.
in ELECTROZONE Not Only Prompt
Relief, but a Permanent Cure.
ARE YOU
IN TROUBLE?
If It's Stomach Trouble You Will Find
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN, Napa Soda, Springs P. O.
distress after eating, poor appetite, palpitation
of the heart, a trembling In the pit of stom-
ach, loss of flesh, restlessness, depression of
spirits, sleeplessness, nervousness, mental and
physical weakness a weak and flabby condi-
tion of : the muscles, , a ¦ dry and hot burning
skin, vomiting and flatulence.
ELECTROZONE la a liquid Internal remedy
that will positively cure any form of stomach
trouble promptly and permanently. It regu-
lates the stomach, puts It In a healthy condi-
tion when it • has . become dieeased, and you
need not fear further trouble. It is Indorsed by
physicians and has cured thousands of cases
of years' standing. Get ELECTROZONE from
your druggist -for fl bottle. Pamphlet sent
free by the ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San
Francisco.
ELECTROZONE MFG. Co.— Gentlemen : I
had been troubled with dyspesia and loss of
appetite for over a year prior to first taking
your remedy. In November, , 1S9S, It was rec-
ommended to me- by your acquaintances, ' and
took two bottles, which completely cured me.
I felt relieved after one day's -taking. I . have
told several ¦ friends . about the remedy, who
were similarly afflicted, and they were helped
in every case, and I am confident that If taken
with regularity it will in every case effect: a
cure. Very truly, CH AS. A. COLE.
ll'PtewgWgft *• : . ¦ 319 South' Snrinar a treat.
postage paid.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-Th.' Weekly
- Call. IS pages, sent to any addrew In tne
United States or Canada one year tot U.
Fl MfiNTF HHTFI Los gatos, cai.-
ELUlUniC IIUICL, Beautiful ground*,
magnificent view and flrst-class accommoda-
tions. Large . sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train; S5 mlWf
from San Francisco. Fare (1 65.
TOURISTS can get first-class rigs frcn H. A-
ELDRED. Uklah. for all summer resorts, at
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. W-
THE Tallman Hou&e. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters Ur tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .ffiSSTS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, CaJ.
GLEN OAKS IVANCH — Nice surrouadlngs;
comfortable rooms: good table; convenlen:
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ell<;n. Cai.
KEYSER & WATSON. Hopland, convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. KelseyvlMe, CarUbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnoutJ.
BaKTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Cruz; dellshtful summer
home In redwoods; runntner water: abundanco
fruit, good table; terms $5 50 week. Address
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cru*. Cal.
Kenilworth Inn, Hill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place la Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writ* tor
SSuUrto' T^ l , H VTAMBOLD
Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
PLANTATION HOUSE-cVi 1 !^ ™2
stase line- Good trout nshing; plenty trait,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRIXGER. Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR KRUSE. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
California and Larkln Str. San Francisco.
Strictly Flrst-clas» Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MEHET, Proprletresa.
THE WELLESLEY,
CARLSBAD m&
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Water*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodation* first
class: $W a week: lighted by gas.
W R McGOVERN. Kelseyville. Lake Co.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
ing- home coking; rood beds: $3 50 to Jit) week;
c^aseTfor housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPLN.
Bartlett Springs. Cat.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
KLAMATtt MOT SPFtinCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State—
Shovel Creek 15 miles tor casting. Hunting-
plenty of cane In surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BRO3 .
Proprietors. Beawick. Siskiyou County. Cal.
D ~^~» The Sanitarium o
DVfOn the Coast The bfs
.. physicians recom-
llOX. mend it as the onlv
# cure for rheumatism
.SnrtfflflQ. and malaria^ ;
Mirr. Byron Hot Spring. CaL
City Office. Room 30. 3fi Qparv street.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA JTE-
vada, near Col fax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: flne3t scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-yeax-round climate la Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; oa
railroad. 138 miles from San Francisco; S3 a
week; open all year; lend for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino Cooaty.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Open*
April lStb.
J.- A. REDEMETEB A CO.. Proprietors.
CViPCQ HOT SPRINGS. 8ONOMA
OIYiAVIVI^ County; only 4H boars
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door; teleohone.
telegraph: daily mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only J3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a, day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest of th» past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
Mft Tft DtA Sold- and guaranteed by all drng-
HU a I U'DAU cists to Wit K Tobacco Habit.
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, .Never Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c, 25c,S0o.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
BUHisff K*nndT f ompin;. ChlctffO, Montreal, Sew Tork. 311
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed
Rates reasonable. For further information call
ct "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St., Ban
Francisco, or address ..'
GEO. P. SNELU M»rr.. San Jose. CaL
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Cmi " m ££& m .
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat*
accommodations: beautiful scenery; profusion
of Sowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrio
baths; swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chtl-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottage*, afford-
ing cDeclal accommoristlons for families; ail
Illuminated by icas. By train. Third and Town-
lend streets. San Francisco, 9 a. m. ; First an<t
Broadway, Oakland, 9:10 a. m dally for Sola-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets, ts. at 9.
P. office, C13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflee. For Illustrated pamphlets and far-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D., proprietor and resident physician.
Central California
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural'
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. ¦ Magnlflc«nt
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and 6sa.
Ing. No togs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 112 to fit per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F*., 9 a.
m. and 1:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Ol'.ro y
for spring*. For Illustrated pamphlets address
rf WT v t& CATHARTIC
. JJI Earths'
you okt I j
REST SPORT I
COMFORT U
At Hotel del Coronado u
THE COOLEST PLACE TV CAU- t \
FORNIA IN SUMMER. \\
Last year the mercury reached y-i
81 decrees but once, and only for { J
half an hour. fl
Qet Steamer Rates and Infor- ( I
matlun at No. 4 New Montgomery 11
,! '. St., Fan F"rar. Cisco. »}
E. S. BARCOCK. Manager. fl
Coronado Beach. Cal. JJ
v..-- 1 --l- ¦ ¦ .. ¦ t.^j^.MHJL»>LffijrjirrihTrftTtrffcTrr"^Wangenheim's Generous ¦ Gift.
Yesterday was Sol Wangenhelm's seven
tieth birthday. /In honor of the day. tho
philanthropist presented the Pacific He
brew. Orphan Asylum and ¦¦ Home Society
with $1000 to be used as the president, S.
"W. Levy, saw fit. :
THE new Frawiey company will open at the Grand Opera-house on Monday
evening next in Zangwill's drama. "Children cf the Ghetto." Tho organiza
tion will be tho rtrcnsreFt arid largest dramatic stock company of the season.
The latest acquisition to this brilliant staff of playera Is H. S. Northrup, for
the past season the leading juvenile actor of the E. H. Sothern company. As Cap
tain Larolle in "Under th« Red Robe" he scored a great hit. Mr, Northrup is con
sidered one of the cleverest young actors in the East, and enjoys great popularity
In New York. Doston. PhiladelpHia and other cities, where he has won favorable
criticism for bis earnest and finished acting.
EL S. NOBTHBTJP, FBAWLEY'S I/EADENG JUVENILE
Two Insolvents.
¦ "William H. Barry of Oakland filed a pe
tition in insolvency in the United States
District Court yesterday for the firms ot
Barry & Fellows. Barry Bros, and the Pa
cific Dredging Company. The combined
liabilities are $364,027 and there are no as
sets. All the creditors reside in Chicago
and the debts were contracted more than
six years ago. ¦. - «
MikeMetrovitch of San Francisco filed
a petition in insolvency yesterday. ' Hi3
liabilities are $S49 15 and he ha3 no assets.
DEALERS IN LUMBER"
PREVENTED A STRIKE
Prompt Action in Meeting the De
mand of Their Employes
Averted a Walkout. *
The threatened strike of the longshore
lumber handlers has been averted by the
prompt action of the employers in meet
ing the demands of their employes. The
lumber handlers threatened to go out on
a strike yesterday if their demands were
not acceded to and the lumber dealers met
them half way and a compromise was
effected. The lumber handlers were re
ceiving $3 a day for nine hours' work and
they thought that sum was too small for
the amount of labor they performed.
A meeting of the union was called and
the matter was discussed, at length. It
was then decided to demand $4 a day for
nine hours' work and the men were ready
to back up their demand by a refusal to
handle any more lumber. The dealers de
bated the question and fearing that the
entire lumber market would be tied up
if they did not give in, decided to give
40 cents an hour for nine hours' work and
60 cents per hour for overtime. The com
promise proved satisfactory and the men
are following their calling in a contented
frame of mind. v -
Rough on Setting Hens.
Attorney General ¦ Tlrey L. Ford has
granted to Charles N. Champion of Ala
meda permission tou^e the name of the
State In an action against the Prultvale
Quarry Company. The action is to be be
gun in' the Superior Court of Alamed'a
County to. enjoin the company from con
tinuing operations. In the complaint it
ls charged that the frequent blasting
frightens teams, raises great clouds of
dust, which, settling, causes great dam
age to property. • In addition it is alleged
that the concussions produced by the ex
plosions of powder spoil the eggs under
setting hens.
Sacramento Natives Will Take on
Active Part in Admission Bay
Celebration.
The finance committee of the semi-cen
tennial celebration of Admission day has
made a selection of those It would like to
have collect funds. To each one has been
sent a letter notifying him of his appoint
ment and a request for an Immediate an
swer as to whether he will accept or de
cline. As soon as all answers shall have
been received the names will be made
public.
The same committee ls preparing a cir
cular to be sent to all business men re
questing them to make as liberal dona
tions as they can to enable those who
have the matter in charge to carry out
the ideas which will make the celebration
one worthy in every way of the occasion.
W: J. Devlin and A. C. Kaufman of Sun
set Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, Sacramento, called at the Palace
Hotel headquarters yesterday. They in
formed Grand Marshal Costello that the
Sacramento people were very enthusiastic
on the subject of the celebration, that
Sunset Parlor will parade seventy-live
strong and that Sacramento Parlor, which
will join with them, will turn out 120
strong, all in attractive uniforms. They
will be accompanied by two parlors of the.
Native Daughters — Callfla Parlor, ' of
which Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett ls
a member, and La Bandera Parlor. The
Sacramento parlors, who will have head
quarters at the Lick, will have an electric
arch to designate these headquarters, and
will entertain with a lavish hand.
Hesperian Parlor of this city has given
notice that it will have seventy-ttve mem
bers in line.
WHAT IS BEING DONE
FOR SEPTEMBER NINTH
Jchr. Sondag: fled suit yesterday against
the Market Street Railway Company to
recover 110,000 damages for personal in
juries. On April 6 last he was seriously
injured in a eollls'.on of ears at Eddy and
Filirr.orp streets. In addition to a fracture
of the skull he sustained a strained back
ar.d various bruises and contusions.
Seeks Hsavy Damages.
WILL JOIN THE NEW
DRAMATIC COMPANY
C:nct_ry Association to Build.
The trustee* of the Cyprus Lawn Ceme
tery Association have purchased from
Mcrcnrpt Oiblin propertv on th«? north
Fide "of Turk street. 137:6 feet from Mar-
Y.rt street. CS:3 frontage or one-half of a
i'.i'y \ara for $100,009 and will erect there
ca a. seven-story stone and brick buildingr.
en r» :SS HOBBS," presented by Hen
/rW\i rv. Miller's company at the Co-
II A V umbIa Theater last night, hard
ly comes under tho ambitious
programme definition of "comedy,"
for a decided majority of the persons In
the play do and say things which ra
| tional persons under similar circum
stances cannot be conceived as doing and
saying. The play is. in fact, a farce, with
two well written, serious scenes. Having
made up your mind to accept it as a
farce, it 1e possible to extract from it a
very pleasant evening's entertainment.
Miss Hobbs is a new woman of a very
mild type, only slightly advanced, young,
moderately clever and decidedly pretty.
She goes around proselytizing and man
ages to separate a young wife from a hus
band who boxed his wife's ears; she abo
tries to show this young wife what a
worthless- man is the aforesaid husband
by inducing the aforesaid husband to
niake love to her, the aforesaid slightly
advanced new woman. (Pardon this legal
phraseology, but English is really so poor
in pronouns.) Unfortunately (or coinci
dentally fortunately for the playwright),
the husband has a friend of the very same
name, and the advanced woman in fishing
for the former catches the latter. The
rest of the plav turns upon the compli
cations which arise from this mistake,
and everything ends happily by the
friend's converting the slightly advanced
new woman from the error of her ways.
The acting was lar superior to the play.
True, Mr. Miller himself was by no means
at his best, suffering as he was from a
violent cold, which made it impossible for
him to pitch his voice so that it could be
heard distinctly beyond the first row of
the orchestra circle. For this he apolo
gized in a neat little speech, when called
upon after the third act, and the audience
sympathized with him in the hope that
"our glorious climate" would* give him
a chance to recover during the coming 1
week. Mr. Worthing made the best of a
dry and unsympathetic part and Mr.
Courtenay played the grown-up enfant
terrible with .true appreciation. Miss
Anglin, actress as she is in
many ways, seems not yet to have laid
to heart that wise saying of Leigh Hunt's
about the relation of actor and audience:
"It is in acting as in conferring obliga
tions — one should have the air of doing
nothing for return." Miss Elliston ac
quitted herself well in a small part, but
Miss Dale shone as the bright particular
star of the evening.-
Since last season she has improved
greatly in voice, self-possession and ap
preciation of the possibilities of character
portrayal; with higher opportunities she
cannot fail to rise to higher successes.
For theatrical mercies last night re
ceived we cannot fail to be duly thankful,
but for my part I should like to see this
excellent company in something more,
¦worthy their powers. I wonder, too. why
the author's name is not given on the
programme. The author ls really of more
importance than the managers seem to
think. Does it ever occur to them that
he is the one person without whom there
could be no play?
I* DU PONT SYLB.
Alcazar.
The conscientious efforts of Miss Flor
ence Roberts and White Whlttlesey in the
presentation of "Sapho" keeps the Alca
zar Theater packed every night. This is
the beginning of the fourth week of this
play and the interest in It is as great as
at the commencement. The Alcazar stock
company is working smoothly and though
the Interest centers around Sapho and
Jean Gaussln still every performer's ren
dition of his or her part is highly ap
preciated. "Carmen" " will bo the next
piece produced by the company, with Miss
Roberts in the leading role.
California.
Hoyt's "A Milk-White Flag" entered
upon its second week at the California
last night. The grim satire with which
the play abounds appealed to the audi
ence and was greeted with peals of laugh
ter. Harry iiulger as the undertaKer,
Matthews as the alleged corpse and Tony
Hart as the bandmaster were inimitable.
Mary Marble as the daughter of the regi
ment was particularly effective in her
Imitation of tho precocious Infant. The
present bill will be continued all w«rk
and will be followed by "A Day and a
Night," another of Hoyt's creations.
Orph-sum.
"Good things draw," as the man said
when he puffed away at a 50-cent cigar,
and there is no doubt that the Orpheum
management has one as Its bill for the
present week. The programme Is full of
lirst-class people and first-class work and
those are the good things that draw at
the Orpheum. The Four Cohans are the
cleverest group of comedians that have
appeared here on the vaudeville boards
for a long time, and they can't coma
too often to suit San Francisco. They
were called before the curtain five times
last night and received enough flowers
to load a freight car. Gilbert and Goldle
should be prosecuted for breaking the
rules and making a whole lot of new
Jokes. They are a winning team. Good
singing is always popular with Orpheum
auaiences and they get It from Carring
ton, Holland & Galpen. The Todd- Judge
family give a wonderfully clever and
original acrobatic act. Charles E. Grape
win and Miss Anna Chance appear in a
new act in which Mr. Grapewin shows his
skill and versatility as a character actor,
and the good holdovers, the musical Dale
and Sydney Deane, are as popular as
ever.
Tivoli.
Last night at the Tivoli the dainty
Japanese musical play, "The Geisha," was
revived, amid scenes of utmost enthu
siasm. Whether this was owing to tho
extreme popularity of the play Itself or
the presence of the Stan/ord Parlor of
Native Sons, who attended in' a body, or
both, may not be known; but such wel
come as was accorded to "The Geisha"
was altogether exceptional, and delightful
alike to actor and manager. The first
act closed In a perfect shower and sea of
blossoms, and curtain after curtain yet
left'the audience unsatisfied. •
The cast is Indeed an admirable onef and
tho principals filled- their various roles
in a thoroughly satisfactory fashion. Ed
win Stevens is an ideal Marquis -lmarl.
His is a royal humor— an unctuous appre
ciation of the possibilities of -the part.
Helen Merrill ls charming as O Mimosa
San, but is somewhat out of voice — it
sounds a little tired. Annie Meyers has a
delightful comedy sense, quick and nim
ble, and sings sufficiently - well. Hiss
Georgie Cooper's French girl is" a clever
conception, and the various geisha ladles
and English maidens all add to the at
tractions. Tom Greene sings the Kegi
nald Fairfax part, and if Tom Greene
were as £ood actor as singer we should
hear an infinite deal more of him. Mr.
Greene can act, when he wakens up, and
now is the accepted time. Ferris Hart
man of course does the Chinaman in
great shape— perhaps there is a bit too
much Chlnnman and perhaps also local
gags are not in the best taste in this too
dainty little opera.
The play goes a little slowly yet, and
the orchestra was not In best form last
night; the song accompaniments were
even rather slipshod at tlmesl
Grand Opera-House.
The Grand ¦ Opera-house is dark.- this
¦week. It will reopen on Monday next
with the new Frawley company In "The
Children of the Ghetto." Sale of seats
begins Thursday.
Fischer's Concert Souse.
The singers from the Lambardi Opera
Corripany entered upon their last week at
Fischer*s Concert-houso last night and.
In company with Slgnor Abramoff, gave
scenes from the first and third acts of the
"Huguenots" most admirably. SIgnorina
Pollettini, Slgnora Barducci, Slgnor Bar
daracco and Slgnor Abramoff also pang
solos from grand operas, in which the or
chestra accompanied the artists much
better than of late. Mabel Martin so
pmno made her first appearance here
with two of Abfs ballads. Isabella Under
wood, now an established favorite
changed her selections. Next week Miss
Underwood will sing Romeo to the Juliet
of Miss L,rma Wing, new to this city.
Last night s house was large.
Claim to Own "The Oeish;
The successors in interest of the
late Augustin Daly went before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday afternoon and obtained an
Injunction restraining Mrs. Kreling
and others .interested In the Tiv
?-4n, fn i m . Printing the comic opera,
The Geisha, on the ground that thev
had -acquired from Daly the sole right
to produce that play. An hour later rep
resentatives of the Tivoli people flled a
bond of $10 000 as indemnity agnlnst any
loss that might p.ccrue to the plaintiff and
the injunction was removed. .
Gertrude Wood Stranded.
Gertrude Wood, late of Dunne & Ryley's
all-star company, is stranded In San
Francisco. The 'actress refused ip apolo
££? w Crlpps for some
"back-talk she gave him in a dispute
over the fit of a cap. As a result Man
ager Dunne told her she must leave the
company. :
Miss Wood says she will bring suit
against Dunne for a^tlcket to her home in
New York* City and two weeks' back
5?! ary^T Ja .? 0 - Rauer ls ma naging her case.
Miss Wood was once the wife of E H
Platt, a cousin of Senator Platt of New-
PRODTJCTNG THE TELLTALE HAT— From the Second Scene of "Miss Hobbs."
Supreme Court Incisions.
The Supreme Court handed down a r.um-
Tx»r of decisions yesterday, among them
tcir.g the following: The L- W« Blinn
Lumber Company vs. Wankowski & Co..
?i\ J .rr:r.ent and order affirmed; B. &L Doug
i.-rs vs. EL B. Willard, Judgment and or
der r.Iilrmed; J. p. l'ogarty vs. John Fo
r--arty. remanded for new trial; Adaline
Schwir.d vs. C. M. Shortridge et al.. judg
n.cr.t aflinned; Fontana &. Co. vs the Pa
cific Can Company, judgment- reversed:
Jrhn H. Wise vs. S. D. Ballou. judgment
r.tTirmed; D. W. Field vs. John Burr (Sher
lfl> ar.d Caroline Kcster, judgment af
firmed; J. W. Smith et al. vs Stearns
Fancho Company et al.. order affirmed:
Pauilne Westerfeld et al. vs. New York
Ufe Insurance Company (on rehearing),
.luOKir-er.t and order reversed as by former
decision in department.
Judge Cook has taken Peter McGlade's
motion for a nev.' trial under advisement.
The allegation that the Jurors were in
lluenced in arriving at. their verdict of
"guilty as charged" by certain articles
contained in newspapers found in the
jury rocm was the subject of judicial In
vestigation during the hearing of the mo
tion. When the matter was called for
hearing District Attorney Byington pre
sented affidavits sworn to by eleven of
the twelve jurors which touched on the
newspaper end of the controversy. Ju
rors Adolph Heller. J. B. Williams. F. E.
Shafcr. M. E. Willis, H. F. McGurren. C.
Musto, 13. Graves, R. J. Hancock. K.
Sachs and F. A. Guntz. by affidavit, testi
fied that they were actuated in arriving
at their verdict solely by the evidence*
introduced, and were in no way influ
enced by newspaper articles. John Cor
bett. who was not seen by the seeker ot
affidavits, was placed on the stand to
testify as to the truth of the assertions
that the jury was influenced by news
paper articles. His testimony left the
question in rather a hazy condition.
After the newspaper en>l of the con
troversy had been disposed of. Attorney
Lennon, who represents the convicted
politician, offered other arguments in
support of his motion for a new trial.
Mr. Lennon contended that his client had
been convicted of a crime which the evi
dence failed to prove. The jury founa
the accused guilty of having uttered, pub
lished and passed a forged warrant, but
the passing of the document was not
proved by the Treasurer. At the conclu
sion of L"nnon's argument. District At
torney Bylngton argued on behalf of tht.
people and the case was submitted.
Judge Cook announced that he would
decide the motion Saturday. He will
write the decision in Sonoma County,
where ho will sperd his vacation, and
forward the same to the city. It will be
¦formally announced by Judge Webb of
Fresno, who will occupy the bench of De
partment 12 during Judge Cook's absence.
Swear Newspapers Did Not
Influence Them in Mc-
Grlade Case.
ELEVEN JURORS
MAKE OATH THAT
THEY WERE FAIR
"The Geisha Revival at the Tivoli Proves as Popular as Ever — Pe
formances at Other Houses.
Acting Is Superior to the Piece, Though the Star
Is Suffering From a Bad Cold.
Counsel for Wong Wai in the quarantine
contempt case was treated to a cold
shower-bath ot surprise yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court, when Dr.
Kinyoun filed his return to the order
to show cause why he should not be
punished for contempt in refusing to obey
the injunction of the court restraining
him from preventing Wong Wai and other
Chinese from traveling about the city and
State. It hail not been expected that Dr.
Kinyoun would make a rta.t-footed denial
of tne facts alleged in the complaint, but
that was what he did, through his attor
neys ex-oittcio United States Attorney
Coombs and the assistants of the last
named, Marshall J. Woodworth and E. J.
Banning.
Judge de Haven occupied the bench with
Judge; Morrow and Wong Wai and the
other petitioners were represented by
James v>. Maguire. Samuel Al. Shortridge
and John Keough.
Mr. Coombs read the return of Dr. Kin
youn after Mr. Shortrlcge had read the
complaint and the artiaavits appended
thereto. The return admits that Dr. Kin
youn was served with the order of injunc
tion and was familiar with the entire
scope of the order. The other averments
of the document are that the physician
was ignorant ol* the desire of Wong Wai
to go to Eureka, Cal.; that he did not
know and never saw Wong Wai; that
since Aiay Zh he has not prevented nor
sought to prevent nor interposed any
issue or conultion in order that he might
prevent Wong Wai from passing beyond
the limits of the city of dan Francisco.
He further in the return denies having
disobeyed or Instructed his subordinates
to disobey the order of court, either di
rectly or indirectly. He .denounces the
affidavit of Wong AVai as untrue and de
nies that he attempted to prevent or pre
vented Wong Wai and others from travel
ing beyond the territorial limits of the
city of San Francisco, or that he required
a health certificate from them or from
any of them as a condition precedent to
their traveling in any part of this State
He aveis that if Wong Wai had informed
him of the refusal of the steamship com
pany to sell him a ticket for Kureka he
himself would have notified the company
that it was acting against his orders.
The chief evidence of the day consisted
of the orders issued by Kinyoun to the
Southern Pacific company and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company prohibiting
them from selling tickets to passengers
for points outside the boundaries of this
State. This, it was contended by Mr.
Coombs, he had a right to do. Next came
affidavits from Kinyoun's subordinates
that Wong Wai had never applied to them
for a certificate and that they had never
required one from him.
Mr. Shortridpe read the affidavit from
George Goodfellow to the effect that he
had neld a conversation with Dr. Kin.
youn after the order to show cause had
been issued against the city, in which con
versation Dr. Kinyoun remarked that if
Xhe ccurt should grant the injunction
claimed by Wong AVai against the Board
of Health the whole State would be
placed under Federal quarantine.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company, pro
duced the order served on him by Kin
youn prohibiting the sale of tickets for
points beyond the borders of this State.
Captain Edward Goodall of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company produced a
similar order. Frank Jaynes, superin
tendent of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, declined to produce telegrams
called for In the subpena, on the ground
that they were not sufficiently identified.
He promised the court that he would pro
duce to-day such telegrams passing be
tween Kinyoun and Surgeon General Wy
man as counsel might designate by date
and description.
An adjournment was had until 11 o'clock
this morning.
Declares He Was Not Eesponsible
for Mistakes or Misinterpreta
tions of Transportation
Companies.
Swears That He Did Not
Seek to Prevent Travel
in This State.
KINY0UN DENIES
DISOBEYING THE
ORDER OF COURT
At the recent railroad conference held
in Nov.- York City, at which were present
representatives from all the big railroad
lines of the Kast ard West, some very
momentous subjects were discussed. Per
haps the most important matter of delib
eration which occupied the minds of the
railroad men was the proposed but yet
undeveloped scheme Tor a great trans
continental passenger association.
On account of the importance of this
Jstely hatched plan and the embryotic
etate In which It is even at the present
time no publ'.city was given to it at the
t.me cf the meeting, although a commit
tee was appointed to make an investiga
tion and call for a general meeting when
Its work was done. That this transcon
tinental association Trill be formed is con
sidered by the railrcad men as a fact cer
tain cf realization. The general meeting
will be called later In the year, and as the
representatives of ihc different railroads
v.ho will participate in the convention are
of a mind as to the utility and the neces
sity of the Fcheme from the railrcad
standpoint, there is no doubt that the
Essociaticn will fee formed.
The committee, which is to make the
necessary investigation nnd then call for
a general meeting with the avowed ob
ject of the association in vietv-, is com
posed cf the following: John Sebastian
cf the OhicaR-o-Rock Island route. II. C.
ToTnsfnd, eeo^ral passenger agent of the
-Missouri Pacific; G<?orge F. Nicholson,
passenger traffic manager of the Santa
Fe; James Barker of the St. Louis-Mis
souri: Eben MacL<eo<i. ormirinan cf the
"Western Passenger Association, and \V.
B. Knidsern of the Missouri Pacific.
The new association when formed v.-lll
reculate the entire passenger traffic
V>ufir:e5s of the country. Most of the late
conflicts between railroad companies has
been due to the unfaithful conduct of
cr.e or mere parties in a general agree
ment as to rat.es. L'nder the proposed cr
cicr cf thirds all this will be reg-ulated at
scr.cml meetings. Of course the scheme
is concocted for the protection of the
railroads. There will be few rate wars
when the association is established and
the railrcad representatives of oppssi- '
t*rnal, line? will sit down once a year at
:i jxace banquet and plan for the goci of
aif.
Combination Which Will Regulate
Rates All Over Country Com
mittee of Representatives
Has Bsen Appointed.
Transcontinental Railroads
and Other Lines Are
Concerned.
NEW PASSENGER
ASSOCIATION TO
BE FORMED SOON
HENRY MILLER'S COMPANY
IN JEROME'S DAINTY PLAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAOjIj, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
5
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST~AMERICA*S GRANDEST STORE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAND CEHTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
IirifCnW UoW dxe^Kln* pumps, tb* only
JAviVJUri successful pump manufactured.
ta Btxth at. Baa FrancUca.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
t/Of\fU W*f •ucceasmi at Nomt laat
l\lYUUn rear. All others failed. la opera,
tfcin daily. I Stevenson st. S. V.
DR. HALL'S RElNYlGORATOR^^ngg
Five hundred reward for any J^a^ftjiSjSl
case we cannot cure. This secret &"=¦ . ¦"¦53
remedy stoos all tosses In 21 S fj
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- J35S Y?*\
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Wf!! ' fffll
Gleet, Fits, Strictures. Lost UmU} 1&aJ
Manhood and all wasting effects B* ~ K i
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent fff*TTWIWMlB
tealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: &uarante«d to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 '.* Market st.. S. F. All private
dlaeaMSj oulcklv cured. Send tor tram boo*.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT K£sIC::ATiVE. LWluvJtUv.
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful achrodlstae and Special
Tonic for th» Sexual Orsam for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha K!4«
B*y» and B'adder. Bells on Its own merit*.
NABKR. ALFS * 3RU.NE. Aseata.
m Market »t.. 8. F.— (Seud for Circular.)
§vi85T OR. JORDAN'S great i
H9SEUH GF fiHfiTSHY?
Ch ion gAmT ss. ec. eaiTa, s.?.ca. 4
Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
World. Weaiaesse* or Any contracted A
•ajg^jra di&ea*e pe*lts»elyei*r«* by the oldest T
r) IS l3| 1 Spcciihit c u t2k. Coast. Est. 36 ysarv £
i* fill? A 0S * •TCaOA-**— PRIVATE DISEASES £
pfv"<fefhn Co.milt3tion frm »nd str'-t'T priTatr
B X»*it IS "*"" rm<rn ' penonally or Ly letter. A . \
fl nr CkU fotjive Qiro in nerjr case undertaken. '
ml 1& Write for Book. Pn<L3SUI>aY«ffi I
» j] \'i XAnniAGE, MAILED FREE. • A'
V (} ' i,f< valuable book for mrnl "
¦ D«. JORDAN A CO.. 1001 Marfeet St. a F. ' '
¦ North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries of the
World.;".
IY. HUtqrlc Studies In Home Fur-
. nlshlhg". .-
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
turtes.
VI.%; Literary -Talks and Remlnls-*
- cence3. ' . •
J. American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
...1900...
Beginning Friday, Juno 15.
SUMMER COURSES,
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director. .
THE CAUL'S
Home Study Circle.
E. T. NIEBLIN6, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
G. F. MULLINS -- Manager,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Our cure eradicates syphilitic poison
forever from the blood and sj-stem at
any Ftage. no matter whether the dis-
ease has been inherited or contracted,
leaving no trace on the skin cr else-
where.
We do not use mercury or other dan-
gerous drugs, and will wait for our pay
till the patient is satisfied that he U
sound and well.
We also cure Ivist Manhood. Nervous
Debility. Rupture. Private Diseases.
Varicocele. Stricture. Kidney and Blad-
der Diseases, Spine and Liver Diseases,
Heart Diseases, Skin Diseases.
Consultation and advice free at office
or by mail. Also private book for men.
HOftlri LURE > A SPECIAL iY
HOTTRS— Dally. 9 to 5. Kveninps. 7 to
8. Sundays, 9 to 11. Kievator Entrance.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St., S. F.
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. EN'ClLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1W9, and for tha
year ending on that day, .is made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to th* provisions of sections 4IJ
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company J183.17I) S7
Loans on bonds and mortgages 10,000 CO
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 607.500 00
Cash In banks 44,927 30
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and leans „ X 730 00
Premiums In due course of collection 35,823 n
Bills receivable, not matured, takta
for fire find marine risks jji 81
Rents due and accrued 473 00
Total assets $S63.912 0")
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid | (53 M
Losses in process of adjustment or In,
suspense 1200 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. $142,737 53; reinsur-
ance. 50 per cent TL373 77
Gross premiums en flre rl»k3 running
more than one year. $31,724 00; rein-
surance pro rata ;.. m g9
All other demands against company. 7,901 54
Total liabilities $123. «3t v> '
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for flro
premiums H83.6S2 si
Received for Interest and dividends on * 4
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other source* 17 »1« i-
Received for rents 12.'s32 J»
Total Income J193.772 33
EXPENDITURES, ' 7~
Net amount paid for <V e losses f In-
cluding - $4011 65. losses of previous
years) 15,5 ten t»
Paid or allowed for- commission' or •*""*»
brokerage *...... $320351
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13 Cj S3
Paid for State, national and local
taxes [ •«*.».. 5 30** 81
All other payments and expenditures IS,' 4:0 7t
Total expenditures I1C3.203 •>*
Losses incurred duyinjr the year. flre.!| 43,707 £>
Fire Prem-
Rlsks and Premiums. 0 Risks. luras.
Net amount of rtsks writ-
ten durlnj? the year $17,436,206 $2!3 6*1 Ji
Net amount of risks ex- \
plred dniing the year 17,074.93;! 213.273 73
Net amount in force De- !
cember 31. 1S39 17.KTL:?!! 234.4S1 53
SAM R. WEED, c* and for
Weed A Kennedy. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before nr» thl« !7th -
day of January, 1300. p. FISHDKCK.
Notary Public.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
OffiCD 1OO4 Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Off ico— 368 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
SWEET AS JUNE ROSES
is the linen that is laundered with the
perfection of skill for which the United
States Laundry *s famous. Clean.
white and spotless, and with a finish
that cannot be duplicated in this town,
is the result of our exquisite methods
and careful attention to details. "No saw
edges."
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBTrjltt.
+ ¦ ?¦
Inherited or Contracted,
Primary op Secondary,
Permanently Cured.
m „ p* * *TUESDAY : JUNE 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Fropndo7 ~*
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. Telephone rre *^J^
FVBL.1CATIOX OFFICE..Mnrket and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telephone I'renn 2<»1.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS....2I7 to 221 Stevenson St.
TeI<-£»Iione Prc*« 2(>2.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. 1« rents Per Weelc.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms b>- Mall. Including; J*o«s<nKCt ,
DATI/T CAIX tlnclj'ling Sunday), one year $*¦*>
I3AJLY CALL. <lnolii(JinK PuniJay), 6 months »¦•*>
DAILY CALL dacludlns Sunday), 3 menrhs 1-50
DAILY CALL-Hy Slngl* Month M "
FXTNDAY CALL One Year !¦*>
WEEKLT CALL One Year 1-00
All poitoi&stcm arc itotliorljsei* to yccdv©
*nuflcr!pt!onii.
Sample ccples will be forwarded when requested.
Ma!l subscribers in ordpring change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt *>.nd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Droadirar
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertisingr, Msrquette Building. Chicago.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central K13.">
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TOHK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .'....30 Tribune Building
cniCAGO icevts stands:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rreracnt Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
ICETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf-Astcria Betel; A. Brenteno. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Corespondent.
Suit ; on : Dupont-Street . Bonds.
Stilt was ; begun^ in the • United . States
Circuit Court yesterday against the. City,
and County of San Francisco J to j recover
sums alleged to , be due on: bonds issued
for the widening of Dupont : street; now
Grant . avenue. The plaintiffs and the
sums sued for are Edward T. Morris, ex
ecutor for -T. R;. Reynolds, -$11,125; James
S.- Shapter; trustee under the deed of "A.
M. ; and Margaret C. Morrison, $11,125; Fe
lix 5 F^de-Crano-, trustee under the will of
Fred- Moller 'de Crano, ; $10,700;,' Joseph ""W.
Mather. $22,600; E. Q. Ames, $94,100. -
The liberality with which response is being made
to the fund 7or the stricken family of a local hero is
evidence that the people of San Francisco have not
forgotten that charity which marks their history.
In vain the Democrats of California put their best
men forward. The choicest bunch they can make will
not be anything more in the public eye than a tail to
the Bryan kite.
In its administration of the schools, particularly in
the issuance of certificates, the Board 'of Education
has at least one merit — it is consistent in its absurd in
consistency.
If the Chinese wanted seriously to. set the world on
fire it is unfortunate that they forgot the Standard
Oil Company's plant at Tientsin.
Editor The Call: In your Issue of 23d
I saw a leader on "Our Export Trade," In
which you say, referring to faw material,
such as silk, wool, flax/ hemp and Jute:
"These raw materials hardly come Into
competition with home industries." Now.
in so far as flax and hemp are concerned,
such tin assertion could only be made by
one who is entirely unacquainted with the
vast liber -resources of the whole Pacific
Sfope. This fact is not at all surprising
inMh'e press, because even the State legis
lators of California and Washington
passed laws excluding the use of native
fibers in their respective State institu
tions to the benefit of Anglo-Indian jute.
Last year 1 was allowed by the State
Board of Prison Directors to experiment
with California hemp and Oregon flax
tow. The grainbags and twine made from
these fibers were simply superb, and
much better than jute manufactures.
Mr.' AT- B. Spreckels. president of the
State Board of Agriculture, told that body
that: the' sample sugar bags I submitted
to his judgment were much superior in
strength ; to anything he had seen. Our
native fibers Is a subject worthy of our
brainiest and most enterprising men.
Hoping you will pardon. me for intrud
ing at such length on your ; very' valuable
space, I remain, yours sincerely,
WILLIAM J. J. CUNNINGHAM.
Gridley, June 24, 1900.
FIBER RESOURCES
OF THIS COAST
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LONPOX TO JVIANILA-S.. City. The
distance from London, England, via the
Mediterranean and the Red Sea, to Manila
is &685 miles. «
GOLD AND SILVER— M. C. H., City.
The market value of sold is $18 per ounce.
The value of silver fluctuates, but it av
erages about 60 cents an ounce.
MURPHY AND YOUNG EGAN-Mc,
City. To ascertain the details of the tight
between Murphy, and Young Egan "which
took place some time in the '80s" you
would have to consult the flies of the
papers of that date.
FOUR COINS— F. J. B.. San Jose, Cal.
For a quarter' of 1S61 dealers ask from 60
cents to SI; a dime of 18S4 without mint
mark is worth 10 cents; !a dime of 1892
does not command a premium, neither
does a nickel 5-cent piece of 1883 without
the word "cents."
WRECK OF THE SACRAMENTO— F.
A. K., City. The steamer Sacramento,
Captain Farnsworth, struck on Sacramen
to reef, 200 rAiles south of San Diego, at
11 p. m., December 5, 1S7». Her passen
: gers, treasure and carpo were saved, but
the vessel became a total wreck.
FISHING— H. M. B., City. There are a
number of points in and around the bay
of San Francisco where one may* catch
fish. As to the kind of bait required, such
will be furnished by bait dealers on tho
water front, who will tell you the kind
you will need for any particular kind of
ilsh you may desire to fish for.
. AUTHOR WANTED— A correspondent
wants the name of the author of:
Though, his baties he may shift, too, and even
his wife, '• *
The stomach he starts with stays by him
\: throuzh, life.
Can any of the readersof this department
give the desired Information?
.A MORTGAGE— A. S., Metz., Monterey
County, Cal. In regard to a husband
placing a mortgage on land, the law of
this State eays: "The husband has the
management and control of the,commun
ity property, with the like absolute power
of disposition other than testamentary, as
he has of his separate property; provided,
however, that he cannot make a sift of
community property without a valuable
consideration unless the wife in writing
consents thereto."
REGISTERED NAMES— J. "W. C. Uv
"ermore, Cal. The way to have names of
Individuals removed from the great regis
ter of a county because such were illeg
ally placed thereon is to make a formal
complaint to the authorities In charge of
the register. The parties complained of
will be cited to appear and show cause
why their names should not be stricken
from the register. The party making the
complaint will have to subordinate the
complaint of Illegal registration. Illegal
registration is a crime under the provi
sions' of the Penal Code of the State of
California. . - .
THE failure of spring wheat in Minnesota and the
Dakota?, with i>artial failure of winter wheat in
Indiana and Ohio, seems to make certain a
sharp and sustained rise in price. Nebraska and Kan
sas have good crops, but wheat is not a specialty in
those States, corn being their great agricultural fea
ture. But as all grain feels a rise in one, the corn
States will get a dividend out of the advance in
wheat.
_ At the present rate of rise we are likely to see dol
lar wheat by the Fourth of July. The fair average
crop in California will fortunately be caught by the
rise in first hands and the wheat ranchers will get a
much needed benefit, while our barley and oats crop
will feel the effect beneficially. It seems probable
i:6w that the United States will have but little wheat
for export, and the effect of our shortage will be felt
everywhere.
It is interesting to note that the politics of the
world is controlled by the wheat crop and the price of
bread. There is less tendency to go to war when food
is high, and therefore less of that kind of politics that
makes toward war. War is like other great human
activities. Its prevalence depends somewhat upon its
cost.
The cause of the American wheat shortage is dis
quieting, for it is drought The crops in Illinois,
Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas, Nebraska and all that
group of States which get their moisture from the
Great Lakes depend upon the spring thunder showers.
These distribute the moisture to the growing fields.
Its first source is the lakes. It is brought in snow in
the winter and in the November and March rains. In
its primitive physical condition that whole country
was dotted with sloughs, swarnps, ponds and Jakes.
These were the secondary reservoirs for water.
Evaporation from the Great Lakes filled them;
evaporation from them distributed the water to the
!and to supply the growing crops. The draining of
these sloughs, swamps, ponds and small lakes has
added to the area of tillable land but decreased its
fertility by destroying the secondary reservoirs. It is
this that renders crops uncertain in all that region.
It is no dream that California may be the last perma
nent wheat field in the United States, with great crops
made certain by irrigation. The storage of \ storm
waters in our mountains will make a certain supply
for such irrigation, and when wheat has ceased to be
possible in the Upper Mississippi Valley California
inay be meeting the American demand for the b'est
milling wheat in the world.
Heretofore btit little irrigation has been used on
wheat in this State, bat the methods of its application
to this crop may well be studied in view of the fu
ture of wheat.
T*iE FUTURE OF WHEAT.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
• NEW YORK, June 25.— G. W. Hull of
Berkeley is at the Murray Hill; P. Kil
man of San Francisco is at the Park
Avenue; Judge L. E. Mosher of Los Ange
les and N. L.. Bell of San Francisco are
at the Imperial.
OUR STATE SCHOOL BOOKS.
TO such bad eminence has our series of State
school textbooks been raised by its own de
merit that it has attracted notice even in New
York. This is shown by the publication in the Edu
cational Review— perhaps the best magazine of its
class in the United States — of an article on this sub
ject by Mr. Richard D. Faulkner of the Franklin
Grammar School of San Francisco. This is the best
resume we have ever seen of the history of our State
textbook legislation and should be read by every
taxpayer, whether he have children in the public
schools or not.
The State textbook system of California originated
in a well intentioned attempt to rid the State from
scandals in connection with the adoption of books
published by private firms. Like all attempts to make
people moral by legislation, it is a failure.
The constitutional ..amendment upon which the sys
tem rests is, in turn, based upon a report submitted to
the Legislature in 1883 by James J. Ayjes, then State
Printer. The fallacies and miscalculations of this re
port are responsible for much of the blunder and
waste that have ensued. Ayres stated that the cost
to the State of a speller, three readers, a grammar, an
arithmetic and a history would be $i # 33Ms; that the
retail price of equally good books bought in the
open market would be $5 03, making a difference in
favor of the State of $3 64^ on every set of the seven
books. From this must be deducted 25 per cent for
purchase of machinery and for wear and tear, leav
ing still a difference in favor of the State of $3 30% on
the series.
It seems marvelous thatisuch patent misrepresenta
tions of cost of production could influence legislation,
but they certainly did, for, combined with some
"good work" by astute politicians, they resulted in the
constitutional amendment which declares that the
State Board of Education "shall compile or cause to
be compiled and adopt a uniform series of textbooks
for use in the common schools throughout the State."
Space forbids us from following Mr. Faulkner
through his clear and dispassionate criticism of all the
egregious follies that have been committed in con
nection with the publication of these books; one
specimen must suffice. "Three thousand eight hun
dred dollars has been paid for the manuscript of a
primary history, which, . though accepted, has not
been published, and for the manuscript oHhe revised
history w hi cn » though submitted, has not been ac
cepted." ¦ „ '
The controlling power in the State Board of Edu
cation n<5w consists of the presidents of the five State
Normal Schools, the president of the State Univer
sity and the professor of pedagogy in that university.
That is as it should be. The State has confidence in
these gentlemen; it believes they know their busi
ness or it would not have placed them where they
are. Among the many affairs which claim their at
tention none is more important than this of the State
textbooks, for the enforcement of the compulsory
education law is the duty of local boards. Mr.
Faulkner very properly calls upon the State Board
to formulate anew and better policy, looking to the
expert revision of some of the books and the substi
tution of new books for others that are hopelessly
THERE is a charming little French
subject on exhibition this week in
]£ the galleries, "The Musicale." by
: that clever Frenchman. V. dc
Paredcs. "The Musicale," an old Parisian
salon on tho reception day of Mme. la
Comtesse. is ft Watteau subject, treated
in Watteau fashion somewhat, and Is a
conspicuoCsly cleVer bit of painting. It
is almost a miniature, being only 10x14
inches, and contains about fifteen figures,
admirably grouped and composed. The
costume and detail are lavish and ornate,
but most deftly subordinated to the prin
cipal interest of the picture, which is
truly a small gem in its^way..
In the same gallery isr' shown a pleasing
sheep picture of C. "Westerbeck, an ex
emplar of the Dutch school. The subject
is a shepherdess and sheep returning
home over the flat Dutch meadows in the
twilight, and the painter has well caupht
the poetry and tender sadness of the hour
and scene. The picture in warm In tone
and handled in a broad and simple man
ner, which just escapes sketchinesG. The
atmosphere has the clear freshness of a
wait between showers, which the watery
'sunset mournfully foretells.
Ethel Marion Wickes shows a Cinderella
—a Cinderella in sabots— at least the title
thrusts itself upon one, kicks itself into
a lagsard consciousness, so to speak, with
the "unvanishing point of a Chicago sabot,
which peeps proudly from beneath the
petticoat of the little water color lady of
the shoos. Cinderella is not worthy of
Miss Wickes. Her little Irish landscape
near by fully attests that. It is unptfrdon
aWy careless in drawing and manner.
The figure is seated on the ragged edg£.
of hothlng, the arm is too small and the
background appears as if drawn from a
photographic scene.
Charles Warren Eaton shows three
landscapes, two snow scenes and an even
ing subject. The latter is a delightful bit
of color, rich and subdued, the aftermath
of a sunset and the handling is especially
happy The snow pictures offer curious
contrast to the brilliant California land
scapes around them and are full of queer,
ghostly suggestion. *
In another gallery is a curious study of
sea and sand dunes by Mary C. Brady.
As the phrase goes, there is "something
to It," but it is a little difficult to decide
what. It is certainly not the sea, which
Is entirely without drawing and resembles
nothing so much as a disturbed mass of
cotton batting; nor is it the Immediate
foreground, which, according to the treat
ment. Is farther away than the middle
distance; it must therefore, be the sunny,
forceful middle distance itself and a cer
tain curious color harmony throughout.
The style Is the most outre impressionism,
and almost anything might be prophesied
of its painter. If there were more mys
t'-ry in the method, if one could not so
plainly "see the wheels go rqund" at any
point within the half-mile range these at
tempts at texture and atmosphere would
be of infinitely more interest.
ART AND' ARTISTS.
Thomas L.. Sill, a rancher of Fresno. Is
at the Lick.
.J. W. Henderson, a banker of Eureka,
is at the Lick.
C. W. Pendleton, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
F. Treskow, a prominent business man
of Crockett, is at the Grand.
John Kinman, one of the big shipping
men of Portland, is at the Occidental.
Charles Thayer and J. A. McClurg of
Oil City, two prominent oil well owners,
are at the Grand.
Fred A. Kribs, a mining man of Min.
neapolis. accompanied by . his family, Is
at the Occidental. -
John J. Fleming, who Is connected with
the Lick .Hotel, returned yesterday from
a two weeks' trip in Lake County.
E. O. MeCormick, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific, has re
turned from his Kastern trip. He was in
New York In attendance at the meeting
of the railroad presidents and in Chi
cago at the conference over tourist travel
matters.
J. C. Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
Railroad will return to this city on
Wednesday. Mr. Stubbs has been" to
Washington to attend the.meeting of the
Interstate Railroad Commission, repre
senting the railroad in the case of the
orange growers against the Southern Pa
cific.
PERSONAL MENTION.
GUARD CALIFORNIA
WE have heretofore warned the Republican
party of this State that it is on guard, and the
result of . the election depends upon its vigi
lance. There is no wisdom in relying upon the im
passioned appeals to patriotism to arouse sentiment
which will make the people forget party misconduct.
The \vhole action of the party must be clean and an
appeal to the clean. When the decent people of the
party commune there is no use in passing them stale
swipes in a growler^ and asking them to believe that" it
is wine in a chalice.
Republican politics must come out from behind
a bar. The party in this city must not take its orders
from a saloon. The party must get off the free lunch
route and refuse absolutely the dictation of the bum
factories, which were the centers of influence in the
last State convention. There never was any reason
nor decency in saloon influence in any politics, and
least of all in Republican politics. Let there be an
end of it now.
The next State convention is in preparation. The
national ticket is in the field/ Everything has been
done decorously, decently and in order. Now let Re
publicanism in this city justify the expectations of its
friends, and 1 at the coming primaries make a sure
demonstration that it is. as of old, the party of law,
order and decency.
Let the primary election be a holiday for San Fran
cisco Republicans, and let them see to it that the dele
gates elected are truly representative of the party's de
sire to regain and retain its vestal reputation.
SEVERAL influential Filipinos, who represent
Aguinaldo, and were until recently a part of his
civil and military establishment, being yet in
sympathy with him, have proposed certain terms of
peace to which they engage to secure his assent. The
proposition is intrinsically interesting, because it di
vulges Aguinaldo's unbroken leadership of his people
and their unbroken sympathy with that for .which he
stands. Again, these men who are submitting terms
for pacification are not wild men suing for an end of
slaughter. They are mostly cultivated gentlemen with
educations acquired in European universities. They
have a clear knowledge of their own people and their
opinion of the conditions upon which peace may be i
had is entitled to the, greatest respect. The seven
propositions which they submit are mainly a modi
fication of the platform of the anti-Spanish revolu
tion of 1896, and are included in the treaty of
Biacbatano, by which that revolution was closed.
Spain immediately violated that treaty. Her perfidy
was foreseen by Aguinaldo, who deposited the pay
ment made by Spain for the benefit of his country, to
be used in defense of the principles of the revolution,
as it has been since against both Spain and the United
States. v
These seven propositions raise questions that are
not without difficulty in treatment. The slaughter and
destruction. we have wrought in .the islands have im
poverished the people, sapped their substance and left
them desperate and destitute.
The^piacid and peaceful conditions which Admiral
Dewey's officers found in Luzon as late as January,
1S99. are there no longer. Pa3'master Wilcox and
Cadet Sargent, especially commissioned to that duty
by Dewey, made a journey through the island in the
autumn of 1898 and their report was issued as an offi
cial document at Washington. They, found the peo
ple friendly, happy and prosperous; they were every
where well treated, and found the people very kind
and hospitable. They especially note the intelligence
of the natives. Arriving at' the town of Aparri, they
met there the report from Paris that the American
Commissioners favored the independence of the isl
ands, under an American protectorate. The military
commander of the province, Colonel Tivona. rega~ded
the news as so reliable that he concluded warfare was
at an end and surrendered his sword to a civil officer
who had been elected by the people. This civil of
ficer made a speech, thanking the soldiers and their
colonel for the services they had rendered liberty, and
assuring them that the principles of the war they had
begun would be perpetuated by the people of the
province, and that '"every man, woman and child
stood ready to take up arms to defend, their "newly
won liberty and to resist to the last drop of their
blood the attempt, of any nation whatever to bring
them back to their former state of dependence."
This report, considered of sufficient importance to
be published by our Government, is an index of thf.
feeling current at that time, not in Luzon alone, but in
Negros, Panay and throughout the islands.. The
seven conditions of peace now submitted need to be
judged by the causes of the revolution of 1896, and
the state of the people after the Spanish surrender, as
shown by this report of Dewey's officers and by other
testimony equally good.
One condition is a money payment to assist the
stricken people in the poverty and distress which have
taken 'the place of the joy and prosperity which
Dewey's officers foundihere less than two years ago-.
It is probable that no war has ever left as complete
ruin and sorrow in its train as this which we have
waged there in the last sixteen months. As we gave
money to repair the devastation wrought by Spain
in Cuba, we cannot remain indifferent to what we
have ourselves done.
Others of the conditions relate to the establishment
of civil government and the part to* be taken therein
by the natives, and the whole protocol leads up to
the last of the seven clauses, which is a demand for
expulsion of the Spanish friars. These friars seem to
represent oppression to the natives. There is no
need to go into the reason or lack of reason for this
feeling. Next to thei.r aspiration for independence it
is their most enduring sentiment. They demanded
expulsion of the friars in 1806, and Spain promised it
in the treaty of Biacbatano. These friars seem to be
chosen by the Archbishop of Manila as parish priests.
But the people want native priests, and complain of
the exactions of the friars, as well as of their conduct
in particulars that may not be discussed. More than
one member of the first Philippine Commission has
said that there can never be permanent peace under
any government that keeps the Spanish friars there.
This situation reveals a starting condition which
may well be considered by those who talk glibly
about our "Providential responsibilities." If the
treaty of Paris extended the whole body of the con
j stitution to the Philippines; we are not permitted to
fGrget that t the constitution is there for the friars as
well as for the Filipinos, and that under it we can ho
more expel them, or interfere with the Archbishop's
independence in appointing parish priests, than we
can in like manner interfere at home. This is likely
to be found the crux of the Philippine question, and
the country will await with interest the action of the
Taft Commission. This special subject will go for
digestion to Professor Moses,; to .whom all ecclesias
tical issues have been referred by the Commission
ers. As he is a Californian, his decision will be of
special interest on this coast.
(\ CONDITION OF PEACE.
OUST THE FAKERS.
7^HE Phelan fakers and their partner in doing
malicious injury to California, Dr. Kinyoun,
must, go. The far-reaching harm done by them
will be long felt by this State. As far as travel is con
cerned they have succeeded in sidetracking San Fran
cisco. The overland trains from the East bring" out
five and ten passengers instead of the full list that is
usual at this time of year. This city is on the grand
highway around the world, but travel is dodging
around it and seeking side lines, because the Mayor's
P»oard of Health and Kinyoun and a monkey and a
guinea-pig have conspired to make all the world be
lieve that there is a plague epidemic here. An apology
is due the monkey and the guinea-pig. They have
wished us well by refusing to die when injected with
septic poison taken from dead Chinese. Their human
partners should be prosecuted by the Society for Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals. They have never seen
a living case of plague, here or elsewhere. If
they ever attended a medical school, or had any train
ing in their profession, they would remember that the
first warning they had in the dissecting room, from
the demonstrator of enatotny, was, not to cut them
selves while dissecting the dead. The chemical
changes that begin in the body immediately after
death make such a cut, or a mere scratch, dangerous.
As all men know who have worked in a dissecting
room, the blood-poisoning which results from such 3
wound causes enlargement of the glands, depravity of
the secretions, septic fever and death, unless the
speediest precautionary measures are taken. More
than one surgeon h^s lost his life in that way. To
take any part of a cadaver, either blood or tissue, and
h5 - podermicall3' inject it into a living animal, is to in
troduce this fatal sepsis more directly into the blood
than is possible in a superficial wound. It is poison,
no matter of what disease the subject may have died.
Even if death is caused by an accident, it is the same.
Yet this Phelan Board of Health has taken blood
and tissue- from dead Chinese, injected it into mon
keys, and when they turned sick asked the profession
and the public to take that as evidence of the plague!
Their conduct is the odium of the medical profession.
Dr. Kinyoun has aided and abetted this farce, and
with the members of the board should be disciplined
by' medical bodies. Any intelligent layman, would
know the folly of such a test. Yet upon such evi
dence an evil reputation has been created for this city
and State that will be bard to correct. On all grounds
the board and Kinyoun should step down and out.
Their retention in office gives color to their false re
ports of an epidemic, and if one should come in the
future no one would trust their judgment in dealing
with it.
Kinyoun has thoroughly discredited himself, and
the Federal Government should transfer him to some
place where he will have nothing more serious to deal
with than measles, whooping-cough and hives. Let
him have leisure to try these on his monkey colony,
and he will do but little^ harm. When he goes, as he
will, Phdan's Board of Health must go also. Its
misconduct has been vicious, a most exasperating
mixture of ignorance and malice. We appeal to the
medical profession to purge itself of any sympathy
with men who inject live monkeys with macerations
cf tissue from dead men and from the results diagnose
a plague epidemic. That is not medicine; it is a
monkey shine, in which the monkey is the more intel
ligent party. v
' We repeat that the only way to get rid of the harm
ful reputation which the city and State suffer is by
getting rid of the officials whose malice and ignorance
Lave caused it.
I f TV
Mayor Phelan is about to attend the Democratic
National Convention. The delegation will take on a
lot of California wines and fruits. While the Mayor
is acting as bartender and caterer to the arid crowd,
what answer can he make when asked if it is true, as
reported by his Board of Health, that the plague is
epidemic in San Francisco?
bad. Or, if the board is convinced, after iavestigation,
that the whole system is bad, they should fearlessly
say so and ask the* Legislature to submit. an amend
ment to the constitution repealing that system. So far
as money goes, the State never made a worse invest
ment. The Legislature has appropriated for the ex
penses of the system $466,000 up to January 1, 1900:
the receipts from the sale of books have been
$1,043,128 83, making a total of $1,549,123 83. The ex
penditures have been $1,375,251 80. This leaves as
assets $173,872 03, "together with "a worn-out print
ing plant and a series of textbooks either obsolete or
needing revision." If the books had been furnished
free, this showing would have been poor enough, but
they have been sold to parents at prices little. if at all
lower than those for which better books could have
been purchased in the open market. The people
have thus paid for the books twice — once by taxation
and once by purchased ,
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUXE 20, 1900.
Russo-Turkish war, 1SS7; Afghanistan war, 1STS, Zulu war, fo.3.
World's Fair. Chicago, 1S03. followed by Greco-Turkish ami
Spanish-American wars. What will happen after the 1 ana
Exposition this coming summer?
Those who take note of curious historic coincidents are more
than apprehensive of the war of 1901 as foreshadowed by tne
Paris Exposition of 1900. According to the workings cf HIM
mysterious law which military and naval men think may ex
ist, a great exposition is apt to be followed by a great war.
The notable coincidences illustrating the law are shown above.
Passing such smaller affairs as the Zulu. Ashantee and Abys
sir.ian campaigns, there are some startling: coincidences In the
list, and most s.tartling of all is the first.
In 1S51 Europe was In profound peace and prosperity. B'- 1^ 1 "
n«>«5s was good.- reforms had been granted tecaure of t..e
outbreaks of 1S4S. The Prince Consort Albert of Britain, who
was then at the htisrht of hisNnfiuence. believed that war uaa
practically a thing of the past. The Crystal Palace show was
devised by him as a great peace jubilee of all pntions. Scarce
ly had It closed before Britain. France. Italy and Turkey were
ecmbining in a bloody, indecisive, inglorious war ag3!nsc
Russia in the Crimia.-Cincinnati Tribune.
DOES a -cv-ftr always follow a big exposition? Read this
list: International Exposition. Crystal Palace, London.
1851, followed by the Crimean war. International Ex
position, Paris, 1S55, followed by Russo-Turkish war, 1S55;
Persian, 1S55; Indian mutiny, 1S57, and our Civil War in 1SGO.
Vienna Industrial Exposition, 18C5, followed by Austro-Prus
sian rar in 1866. '
Exhibition Universelle", Paris, 1S67, followed by Garibaldi in
surrection.
Berlin Industrial Exposition, 1870, followed by Franco-Prus
sian war.- 1870. . ,
Brussels Industrial Exposition, 1S74, followed by Carllst war
in Spain, 1874. •. s \-
Moscov/ Russian Progress Exposition. 1872, followed by the
Ashantee war, 1S73.
Vienna Industrial Exposition, 1S73, followed by the Abyssin
ian war in 1S75. • '- •-"'¦¦¦'
Industrial Exhibition In London, 1S73, followed by the Ser
vian war, 1876.
Philadelphia Exposition of 1876, also the- Paris Electrical
and Brussels Industrial Expositions, same year, followed by
After an Exposition
Look Out for a War
6
MAINTAINING A PARITY BETWEEN SILVER AND WHEAT.
— Denver Times.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera -houw— B«i^flt trrr -widow and orphan* of
James E. Sweeney, Friday afternoon. June 23.
Grand Opera-house— "Children of the Ghetto," Mon<3ay,
JuJy 2.
Columbia— "Mis* Hohbs."
California— '-A Milk White Fla*."
Tivo'.i— "The G<?if=ha." >
Alcazar— • "f-aiho."
Orrheutn — Vaudeville.
Olj-mpla, corner Mapon and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Ttieater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veaintf.
Fischer's— "The Harupncte."
Sutro Bathe — Open nig^-ts.
AUCTION SALES.
By CI-.as=<» & Menflenhall— T!:!s day. Horses. Et 1732 Market
etrect.
CONTRIBUTORS
TO THE
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....1QOO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
BEV. EDWABD EVERETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HIGGINSOH,
Cambridge, Mass.
. ELIZABETH STTJAKT PHELPS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON SMITH, >.
New York City.
HABBTET PRESCOTT SPOPTOBTJ*
'Washington. D. C.
FBANX A. VANDEBUP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. ¦
O. STANLEY HALL, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PBOFESSOB LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
PBOFESSOB JAMES F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBEBT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Haverford College.
JLGSE MACY, LL.1;., 1
Iowa College.
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, LITT. IX,
Cambridge. Mass.
O. P. AUSTIN,
Chief cf the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
- MABGABET AINSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PBOFESSOB G. B. CARPENTEB^
Columbia University.
BEV. LYMA1I P. POWELL,
• Author of American Historic Town
Series.
JAMES A. WOODBTTRN, Ph.;D.,
Indiana University.
WILLIAM HOU3TON, M. A.,
MacMaster University. Toronto.
GEOBGE M. WBONG, M. A.,
University ot Toronto.
CHABLES H. SMITH, LL. D.,
Yale University.
PAUL C. FREES, Ph. D., M. D.,
\ University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TCOKER, M. D.,
Chicago.
OSCAB H. ALLIS, M- D.,
Philadelphia. : '
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
ABTHUB HOEBEB,
Art Editor New York "Commercial
Advertiser." •
¦ ¦ - .. > • <
And others wl>ose names- appztfr
in connection with the programme
of studies.
"Ladies take Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bttters
generally when they feel low spirited. It
brightens them up immediately.
Dr. Stanford's Liver Ixrvigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.*
Mickey — Say, you're de gruy dat said yer
could lick me wit' bote ban's tied, ain't
yer?
Chimmie— Why— er— yes.
Mickey — "Well, come an* do It. I'm ready
fur yer. >
Chimmje— Aw, no you'se ain't. You'se
alft't got yer hands tied yet.— Philadelphia
Press.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th.»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 51D Monc-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> atTownsenel's.*The secretary of the Board of Public
Works sent a complaint to Mayor Phelan
yesterday thai ho had been unable to ob
tain a warrant in the police courts for
the arrest of Frederick Ralsch, contrac
tor, for tearing up a sidewalk without ob
taining the necessary permit. The war
rant was made out for Judge Mogan's
court, but the Judge refused to sign it,
as he was a friend of Ralsch. Judge Fritz
was asked later to sign It, but- declined
on the ground that It was not in his court.
Judge Conlan had adjourned court when
the warrant was applied for. The Mayor
was asked to see that the practice of re
fusing to issue warrants for Just cause
be stopped. >;. ; .^
NATIONAL BANK STOCK MAY
BE TENTATIVELY ASSESSED
Judgfe Morrow Refuses to Restrain
the Assessor for Prudential
and Wise Reasons.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
handed down aa opinion yesterday refus
ing to issue a restraining order against
Assessor Dodge to prevent him from as
sessing the shares of the capital stock for
the fiscal year 1900-1901 of the First Na
tional Bank of San Francisco, the San
Francisco National Bank, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank and the Ne
vada National Bank.
Judge Morrow expressed the opinion
that the Assessor should be allowed to de
termine the elements of the assessment
and make an official record of the* amount
of the tax. and that the issues raised
should be fully determined while the As
sessor had the power to act, so that the
city and county might not suffer any loss
by reason of an Injunction. The temporary
restraining order heretofore made in the
case was dissolved, -with the proviso that
the complainants should have an opportu
nity of making further application to the
court before any attempt was made to en
force the collection of the taxes.
ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
STILL REMAINS INTACT
Judge Hebbard Hears Argument on
Brooks' Motion to Dissolve the
Temporary Injunction.
The legality of permitting the so-called
St. Mary's Park fund, which aggregates
$125,000, to be used for general purposes
was in issue before Judge Hebbard yester
day. The w'rit of injunction Issued against
Treasurer Brooks on the petition of
former Treasurer Christian Reis waa
called for argument on a motion to dis
solve. The facts of the case are the same
as those Involved In the Patek mandate
case, recently decided by Judge Seawell
against the park promoters.
Garber, Creswell & Garber, Garret Mc-
Enerney and George D. Shadburne ap
peared for the plaintiff, and William Rix
of Bishop & Wheeler appeared for Treas
urer Brooks. Mr. Shadburne asked for a
continuance, but as the court refused the
same a motion made by Mr. Rix to dis
solve the injunction was ordered argued.
After argument Judge Hebbard stated
that in his opinion the case belonged to
another department of the court, and, in
addition, should have been brought in
other form. The case was finally submit
ted, however, and an early decision Is ex
pected. ;
to reach and destroy Onondaga fort, nea:
Onelda Lake, In what is now the State of
New York. Instead of passing directly
up the St. Lawrence to Lake Ontario, the
allied Indian* preferred to ascend the Ot
tawa and Mattawa rivers to the vicinity
of Lake Nlpisslng. descend French River
to Georgian Bay and skirt the eastern
shore of the latter to the Huron settle
ment already referred to. This long Jour
ney was successfully accomplished by
Champlain, two French attendants ami
eight Indians. «^
Though this expedition was a failure as
a military Invasion, it led to some very
important results. It enabled Champlain
to form a clear conception of the geo
graphical relations between some points
already well known to him Individually.
It made him acquainted with the great
canoe route of the Upper Ottawa, which
was destined to be for many generations
the line of communication with the Hud
son Bay on the one hand and the head
of Lake Superior on the other, Mattawa
being the point of divergence. Lastly, it
brought down on the Huron settlement
a few years later a terrible revenge.
Twice it was assailed by the Iroquois. •
who reached it by the Trent River route
and scattered its members in different di
rections. Some of them were conducted
by way of Lake Nip!.«s=ing and the Ottawa
River to Quebec. Others fled toward Sault
Ste. Marie and passed thence southward
to the neighborhood of Detroit. With the
disappearance of this once powerful tribe
the French settlements fell for many
years an easy prey to the powerful and
revengeful Iroquois, until their own pow
er was broken by Governor Frontenac to
ward the close of the seventeenth cen
tury. 4
By a cruel irony of fate, Champlain.
whose life purpose was exploration, waa
debarred from ever again undertaking"
an exploratory expedition. The fur trade
monopoly, which was revived from timo
to time, hindered the development by re
stricting the commerce of the colony. To
the latter he felt constrained to devot»
all .his time and labor, and even these did
not suffice to ward off misfortune. For
some years its very existence was serious
ly threatened by the Iroquois, who wera
encouraged and aided by the British colo
nists to the south. It became clear to
Champlain that the struggle for suprem
acy between the French and the British
had begun, and probably he felt Instinc
tively that it would have to be fought
.out to the bitter end. One episode of it
was the capture of Quebec In 1629 bv a
British fleet under Sir David Kirbe. For
three years It remained a British posses
sion, hut It was restored to France in
1631 The administration of the colony
had meanwhile been intrusted, along with
a monopoly of the fur trade, to the "Hun
dred Associates," and with powerful back-
Ing from this company Champlain began
with his old energy to carry out plans of
development. It soon appeared, howevet.
that his life work was done. On Christ
mas day. 1S35. he died from a stroke of
paralysis, and. though his memory has
ever since, been revered by his compatri
ots, the exact ..location of his grave has
long been a matter of dispute.
Judged by the extent of hla settlement,
the statistics of its population. Its means
of defense, the practice of agriculture,
or any of the usual tests of material pro
gress and prosperity. Champlaln's quarter
of a century cf effort at Quebec may be
pronounced a failure; but he set an ex
ample of heroic endurance wh*ch counted
for much In the subsequent history of th»
French colony. For his high-minded hu
manity, for his keenness of insight, for his
perennial Interest in geographical science,
and. above all. for hla success in the man
agement of men, both French and Indian,
he stands easily first among French-Ca
nadian governors^and he is the only on*
of them whose memory Is cherished by
Qanadians of English blood as worthy of
unqualified admiration.
WILLIAM HOUSTON.
MacMaster University.
SAMUEL CHAMPLAIN
through Intercourse between the fisher
men and the Indians, and when any at
tempt was made by the French King, In
accordance with the usual practice of
those times, to grant a monopoly of It,
the consequent restriction on their free
dom was bitterly resented by the hardy
adventurers who were the pioneers in a
traffic that Is still of considerable com
mercial importance. At the instance of
a personal friend, the Governor ot
Dieppe, Henry IV offered such a monop
oly to any one who would undertake to
settle a French colony in New France,
and the first attempt in that line was
made at the mouth of the Saguenay in
1600.* It was a failure, owing to the un
suitable character of the locality, though
Tadousac long continued to be a fur
trading post for the Indians who dwelt
Inland toward Hudson Bay.
A much more rational effort a.t colo
nization was made In 1003 b* a fellow
townsman of Jacqu»s Cartier, a rich mer
chant of St. Malo, named Pontgra%'e, who
had with him as sailing master the cele
brated Samuel Champlain. The latter
was a native and resident of Brouage
on the Bay of Biscay. He had served
as a soldier during the civil wars, and
had visited the West Indies In a Spanish
ship. He was doubtless acquainted with
what had already been accomplished In
the way of discovery and exploration, and
he was fortunately able not merely to
record his observations with fair literary
skill but to Illustrate his descriptive nar
rative with drawings and maps,
When Champlain ascended the St. Law
rence on his first voyage he found that the
Hurons of Stadlcona and Hochelaga had
disappeared. They had been driven oui
by their relentless kinsmen, the Iroquois,
and had taken refuge far away in the
depths of the wilderness lying between
Lake Simcoe and Georgian Bay.
Champlain found at Hochelaga a few Al
gonquin Indians of nomadic habits. They
told him in a vague way of rivers and
lakes beyond the Lachine rapids, but find
ing these impassable he spent some time
in exploring the Saguenay and then re
turned to France.
In 1604 Champlain made his second voy
age to America, this time in company
with De Monts, a French nobleman, who
had secured a monopoly of the fur trade
and whose aim was to establish a colony.
By a strange fatuity the beautiful An
napolis Valley, which had been first vis
ited, was neglected, and the place selected
for winter quarters was an unsuitable isl
and In the mouth of the St. Crolx River.
The experience of one inclement season
was fatal to the success of the enterprise.
Meanwhile Champlain, whose restless
energy had prompted him to explore the
New England coast, in the summer of 1606,
was again chosen by De Monts to conduct
a colonizing expedition, this time to the
St. Lawrence. The spot selected waa the
abandoned site of the Huron village. Stad
icona, and there in 1608 Champlain laid the
foundation of the present city of Quebec,
which has had a continuous history till
the present time. The first winter was one
of extreme severity and anxiety. Cham
plain had to contend with disaffection
amounting to conspiracy, and the latter
was finally suppressed only after the ring
leader waa convicted and executed. The
ravages of scurvy made serious inroads
on the little settlement, but the courage,
resource, energy and persistence of Cham
plain overcame all obstacles, and the sum
mer of 1609 saw him again busily occupied
in his favorite work of exploration.
The founder of« Quebec has not put on
record the motive which prompted him In
that year to enter into an alliance with
the Huron and Algonquin Indians against
the Iroquois. but he was probably mis
taken as to the strength of the latter, and
It was certainly to his interest to cultivate
the friendship of the Algonqulns, who con
trolled the region of the upper Ottawa, his
best waterway Into the interior of the con
tinent. Whatever his object was. the im
mediate result "was a victory for the Al
gonquin-Huron alliance, won by the aid of
French firearms. Later on. and for more
than a century, the . Iroquois amply
avenged themselves for this Intervention
by Champlain, as they were easily able
to do when they became possessed of fire
arms and ammunition by trading with the
British to the south. From a geographer's
viewpoint the incident waa equally im
portant, as It made the French acquainted
with the lake which still bears Cham
plain's ¦ name, with the Richelieu River,
which Is its outlet to the St. Lawrence,
and with the portage which affords ac
cess from Lake George to the upper
waters of the Hudson River. This great
thoroughfare from New York to Montreal
has figured prominently In every great
•war on this continent. ' Along it pa?se:i and
repassed many a British and French hos
tile expedition prior to 17j9. It was used
for the same purpose in the revolutionary
war, which began in 1773, and it was de
voted to a like use for the last time during
the war of 1512-11
Passing over the struggles of the little
French settlement during the next few
years and the heroic efforts and un
wearied energy of Its founder and ruler,
who made several voyages to France in
Its interest, we come to his next Import
ant attempt at exploration. While in Paris
in 1612 he saw a map which purported to
reDrcsent the great inland sea discovered
When the Clubs Are% Organized Spe
cial Attention Will Be Paid to
Registration.
The enrollment of Republican voters in
their respective Assembly districts of this
city Is progressing In a manner that sig
nifies active Interest In the approaching
primary election. As soon as the clubs
are organized special effort will be made
to induce every unregistered voter of the
party to register. The law requires com
plete new registration for the general
election next November. The duty of reg
istering should be performed at once by
the voter, so that his right to vote at the
primary election on August 14 cannot be
questioned by any stupid or overzealous
election officer. Since every elector must
register anew in order to vote next No
vember, it is obviously the better plan to
register In time to participate in the Aug
ust primary election.
Seth Mann, chairman of the outgoing
State Executive Committee of the Demo
cratic party, has appointed a committee,
consisting of James H. Budd, J. J. Dwyer
and R. M. Fitzgerald, to prepare a form
of petition to be filed in the office of the
Sacretary of State, as required by the pri
mary election law.
The outgoing Democratic State Central
Committee will meet at the California
Hotel to-morrow to receive the report of
the committee and take such action there
on as may be necessary.
DISTRICT ENROLLMENT '
OF THE REPUBLICANS
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eatoru
DISCOVBRERS AND E>C F»LORER S Of NORTH* 1
• AMERICA. •v'ir.-r
II. *
For a quarter of a century after the
death of Jacques Cartier comparatively
little was added to the Information al
ready acquired respecting the- river St.
Lawrence and the gulf of the same name.
Fishermen from France ,and also from
other European countries resorted to the
Newfoundland "banks" in rapidly in
creasing numbers, but as they seldom
sought land except for shelter or sup
plies they did little either to supplement
what ¦was already known about the coast
line or correct the prevalent misconcep
tions of geographers as to topographical
details. |s France was during tho latter
half of "the sixteenth century In posses
sion of the whole of Acadla and Canada
as tho result of Cartler's expeditions, but,
on account of religious dissensions, po
litical strife and actual civil war in that
unhappy country, nothing was officially
done either to extend her American pos
sessions or make use of those already
partially explored.
A more fortunate era came In with the
advent of Henry IV to the throne. The
publication of the edict of Nantes, by
proclalmlng religious toleration, removed
the chief cause of paralyzing' civtl war,
and national activity was soon redirected
toward the new world. Its fur trade had I
gradually, been .coming into prominence I
two years before by Henry Hudson, and
still named after him— Hudson Bay. About
the same time thero arrived from Canada
a young Frenchman named Vignau. who
informed Champlain that during the pre
ceding winter he had gone northward ¦with
a party of Algonquin Indians and hail
while v/ith them visited a salt-water sra.
en the shore of which they hail found the
remains of an Enplinh ship. The circum
stantiality of the story seems to have out
weighed its improbability with Champ
lain, and ho resolved on his return to
Canada to ascertain for himself the. na
ture of the Ottawa Valley. Taking with,
him Vignau And four other Frenchmen,
with an Indian guide, he voyaged by
canoe up the Ottawa, passed the Rldeau
and the Chadulere falls, near the sita of
the present capital of the Dominion of
Canada, and finally arrived at Allumette
Lake, an expansion of the Ottawa River.
From the Alsronqulns of this locality he
learned that Vignau'a story was a concoc
tion of falsehoods, ¦which the lying rascal
admitted to be the case. Champlain. how
ever turned the Incident to good account,
for he acquired much geographical infor
mation that was afterward useful to him.
and he further, strengthened his hold on
the esteem and confidence of the Indian*.
Two years passed before Champlain
again attempted the ascent of the Ottawa
River, but in 1613. In fulfillment of a prom
ise to' aid the allied Hurons and Algon
qulns against the Iroquois. he made an
extensive roundabout Journey of which
the passage up the Ottawa, formed but a
part. The purpose of the expedition was
FIGHT BETWEEN
NON-UNION AND
UNION PRINTERS
Comte Irritated at Frequent Hall of
Justice Delays— Tobin Will Be
Acting Mayor During
Phelan's Absence.
Supervisors Enjoined Prom
Awarding City Printing
Contracts.
The Mayor was granted a leave of ab
sence for sixty days from June 23, to at
tend the Democratic National Convention
at Kansas City, the resolution being in
troduced by Supervisor Curtis. The char
ter does not provide that the Mayor shall
be granted permission to leave the State,
but the bill was adopted as a measure of
safety. Supervisor .Tobin was unani
mously chosen as acting Mayor during his
Honor's absence. Curtis explained that
It was customary for the chairman of the
Finance Committee to be so honored, but
Supervisor Jennings had pleaded that his
private business would not allow him to
act.
"Wo ought to take some measures in
order that the building may be accepted
immediately," said Comte, vehemently.
"It seems to me that an end should be.
put to the vexatious delays which have
characterized the slow progress in Its con
struction. It seems to me that the city
should be put in possession of the struc
ture and that the claims should be adjuui
cated later."
The resolution was unanimously adopt
ed.
The Printing Committee presented a res
olution requesting the approval of its ac
tion in awarding contracts for printing
to those firms only that were entitled to
use the label of the Allied Printing
Trades. Consideration was postponed un
til next meeting on account of the in
junction served on the board.
Attorney Ruef Addressed the board on
the subject of erasures in bids and held
that the charter specifically provided that
bids 5o altered must be rejected even If
there was but a single erasure. The
whole question was finally -referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
A number of resolutions were then
adopted providing for awarding contracts
for supplying city stationery and books.
The City Attorney was requested to
appear for the city in the injunction pro
ceedings.
A resolution was introduced by Comte.
asking the City Attorney for an opinion
as to whether the city might proceed to
accept and occupy the Hall of Justice
and Morgue building before the claims uX
the creditors were adjusted.
The Stanley-Taylor Company, at whose
instance the injunction was served, filed
a communication demanding that it be
awarded the contract for doing certain
printing. The demand is made upon the
ground that the firm had complied with
all the conditions upon which the pro
posals were called for and was the lowest
bidder for the contract of furnishing
printed forms and blanks.
Phillips & Smyth protested against the
award of the contract for printing to J.
H. Barry of the Star and the Commercial
Publishing Company. George Spauld
ing also demanded that he be awarded fne
contract for printing, claiming to be the
lowest bidder. The three communications
were referred to the Printing Committee,
as the awards had not been made when
they were read.
Booth explained that tho Injunction
which had been served on the board af
fected the printing only and no interfer
ence had been attempted on books and
stationery. The bids of George Spauld
lng and the Stanley-Taylor Company had
been rejected because the bidders did not
have the right to use the label of the
Allied Printing Trades Union. The pro
test of Phillips & Smyth against Barry
and the Commercial Publishing Company
Is based on the fact that certain items had
been erased in their bids and the claim is
made that such procedure invalidates the
whole bid.
That there is trouble ahead for the
Board of Supervisors In awarding the
contracts for municipal printing was
manifested yesterday by it being served
with a restraining order against accept
ing tho bids of certain firms on .seventy
live items and by the filing of several
protests against any action being taken
In the matter of making awards. This
means a. struggle between the union and
non-union printing shops, which will be
settled In court.
in stringing power wires for operating street
cars on Bush street, between Sansome and
Kearny.
In the communication, signed by Su
perintendent of Construction H. II. Lynch
of the Market-street Company, it Is ac
knowledged that the corporation never
had the right to operate electric cars on
the two blocks mentioned. He says: .
The two blocks referred to form a necessary :
connectlne link between the electric lines on
Sansome and Kearny streets, and it waa gen
erally understood that the Bush-street Una
would be used as such connecting link, . al» v
though by some oversight it was not included
In the resolution of the board relating to said
The Market-tstreet Railway Company sought
from the abutting property-owners leave tS*
attach tnelr supporting wires to the buildings
on each side of Bush street, which was cheer
fully granted, and the wires have. In accord
ance with such permission, been so attached.
They are doubly Insulated and securely an
chored, bo that no danger to the buildings, can
result therefrom.
The communication was referred to the
Street Committee. While the property
owners may have given permission to at
tach the wires to their buildings, it is
certain that the company has never re-*
ceived the privilege to use the two blocks
of street, and unless the Street Commit
ted recommend to the board that -such
privilege be granted the wires will have
to come down. •
Market-Street Company Illegally
Erected Poles on Bush Street Be
tween Sansome and Kearny.
Tho Board of Public Works reported to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday that
it had never issued any authority for
the putting up of power wires on Bush
street, between Kearny and Sansome.
The communication says:
There is submitted herewith a copy of a
letter from the superintendent of the Market
street Railway Company. It appears there
from that ho acted without specific authority
HAD NO AUTHORITY TO .
PUT UP POWER WIRES
Board of Education to Establish Four
Central Stations for That
Purpose.
The Board of. Education is going to s«o
to it that every pupil of the public schools
has. a chance to secure the benefit of
manual training. . 'With" this end In view
they have appointed C T. Burke of the
manual' training department to make a
report on the matter to them. As the
plans of the board stand at present there
are to be four central stations for tech
nical education. The Clement, the Frank
lin, the Pacific Heights and probably the
Horace. Mann are tho schools in which the
plants will be installed. The manual train
lnp will be confined to pupils of the eighth
grade and upward, as the board does not
think children" : less advanced fitted for
undertaking the work. To the surprise
of those -concerned In the movement -they
have met with much opposition from the
parents, which they think is attributable
in large measure to. the Influence of the
various trades unions. . .
The establishment of schools where girls
may learn to cook is also on thd board's
MANUAL TRAINING FOR
PUBLIC SCHOOL PUPILS
FENCES WILL BE
LIMITED TO TEN
FEET IN HEIGHT
Ordinance Regulating Them
Becomes Effective in
One Year.
Tax Rats of $1,127 Is Finally
Adopted— Bids for Hay Rejected
on Account of High
Price.
Pursuant to section 53, article XVI, of this
charter. I herewith recommend your honorable
bcO>- to authorize the appointment of four
pxtra puardF by the Sheriff, one matron for the
Morgue by the Coroner, two index copyists and
one m<*sfer.ff«T for th* Recorder's office and
eight clerks to be employed for not more than
Tobln expressed himself in favor of re
stricting fences to ten feet, but said that
the arguments of the £ill posters had
convinced him that they were entitled to
some consideration.
D'Ancona's amendment that the ordl»
nance go Into immediate effect was lost,
only the mover and Booth voting in favor
of it. The ordinance was then finally
passed to go into eifect on July 1, 1901,
Booth alone voting no.
Brandonsteins ordinance limiting the
height and construction of fences used
for advertising or other purposes to twen
ty feet was taken from the street com
mittee and was referred to the Judiciary
committee for consideration. BranUen
stcin explained that his ordinance was de
signed to abolish fences especially con
structed for "spite" purposes and to reg
ulate the maintenance of fences except
those used for windbreaks during the in
terim when the ten-foot ordinance was in
operative.
The ordinance providing revenue for the
Expenses of the municipal government
during the next fiscal year and fixing the
tax levy at $1,127 on every $100 of an
assessed valuation of $375,000,000 was final
ly passed. The ordinance was then signed
by the Mayor and became a law imme
diately.
The bids for hay for the Almshouse
and Emergency Hospital submitted by-
Scott & Magner were rejected, the fig
ure of $13 70 per ton being considered too
high by the board. The invitation for
proposals was ordered readvertised.
Reed's motion that a committee of three
be appointed to ascertain the amount of
hay. grain and feed necessary for th©
cltv's use and whether the contract there
for could be let as a whole was carried
•and the Mayor appointed the judiciary
committee to investigate the matter.
Ordinances were adopted In accordance
with the following recommendation of the
Mayor:
Brandensteln said that Booth's amend
ment would involve the investigation of
the books of the bill postlns monopoly,
which would not be feasible. D'AJicona
submitted that the ordinance could be
passed to take effect immediately, and
that special permits might then be issued
in cases where the contracts are already
in existence.
The ordinance limiting the height of
fences used for advertising purposes to
go into effect July 1. 1001. was finally
passed at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors. BootK Insisted In
his former -amendment that the ordinance
go Into effect immediately and that only
existing contracts now held by the bill
posters be exempted from Its operation.
"To have the ordinance go into effect
next year," said Booth, "will only nul
lify its provisions and vitiate its good ef
fects."
PLAN TO IMPROVE THE
HOSPITAL PARK LOT
Property-Owners in Vicinity Or
ganize Improvement Club to
Collect Subscriptions. ¦
A' number of property owners in the
vicinity of the Hospital lot bounded by
Steiner, Scott. Ridley and Waller streets,
which was recently dedicated to park
purposes by the Supervisors, organized
a club last week to be known as the New
Park Improvement Club. The officers
are: President, E. C. Prlber; vice presi
dent, Major Charles Boxton; secretary,
C. B. Jr*erklns; treasurer, C. B. .Keenan;
iinance committee— T. E. Treacy, C. H.
Olinger, E. \V. Hinkle, ti. Steliing, J. W,
Stetson. Major Boxton and I. Anderson.
An improvement fund" is in course of
collection, a proviso of the dedication be
ing that the property owners pledga
themselves to defray the expenses of im
proving the lot. At the last meeting the
following named signed the subscription
list, in addition to the officers named:
Captain John. Seymour, Captain C. C.
Morse. E. Walters, W. J. H. White, E. G.
White, H. G. Moore, M. Hart, M. Harder,
A. Ruef. A. W. Furst, J. J. .Flinn and
T. P. Robinson.
A circular just Issued by the club an
nounces that the members are meeting
with success in their efforts to secure
the new park in the vicinity of their
homes. Many have already paid their
subscriptions, but not nearly enough has
been received to justify the Park Com
missioners in ordering- f|he Superintend
ent to commence the work.
In order that property owners and oth
ers interested may learn the exact condi*
tlon of the fund, another meeting of the
club will be held at the store of Henry
Van Cortebeek. corner of Waller and Por
tola streets, this evening at 8 o'clock. The
water color sketch of the new park show
ing the plan of footpaths and rock adorn
ments will be exhibited and explained
by Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gate Park.
ton days by the Board of Supervisors when
sitting as a board of equalization. I also rec
ommend that the position of mortgage clerk
in the Recorder's office be discontinued until
there will be again a necessity for it two
months prior to the first Monday in March
of next year, as the duty of this office, under
the Political' Code, is to prepare a list of
mortgages for the Asressor.
The Mayor announced that the ordi
nance providing- for the extension of the
pound limits to the county line would not
be taken up until next Monday. The Joint
committee on judiciary and police, which
visited last Friday the district affected,
has not yet reduced its report to writing,
but will do so in a few days.
On . Reed's motion the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company was directeu
to light the streets as it now lights them
on the 12 o'clock schedule until the board
determined on Monday what course it
shall pursue. Bids will bo opened on thai
day for public lighting and it is expected
that competition will insure lower rates.
City Attorney Lane objected to being
summoned by committees that desired his
opinion. In a communication Lane stated
that "the law governing- the office of City
Attorney provides that al> requests for
the opinion of the City Attorney shall be
in writing and his answer shalLbe in the
same form. I shall be pleased to give you
as -early an opinion as may be consistent
with the duties of this office upon any
question of urgency."
The application of Joseph Kanal that
ho be released from his contract to fur
nish milk to the City and County Hospital
at 11 1-3 cents a gallon was denied. Kanal
claimed that he was unable to furnish the
milk aa he could not provide a sufficient
number of milch cows though he ad
mitted that he owned 150 cows, which
yielded 130 cans a day and that the in
stitution only required thirty-five cans a
day. Boxton explained that Kanal had
put In such a low bid to spite two of his
rivals and thought he should bo released
in justice to the inmates of the hospital.
Miscellaneous Business.
The petition of the semi-centennial Admission
day celebration committee to string fanners
across Market street was granted: ¦
The Columbia Athletic Club aud the National
Athletic Club were granted permission to hold
boxing exhibitions during the months of Au
gust and July, respectively.
An ordinance was passed to print providing
for the issuance of permits In the erection or
alteration of buildings or other structures
within the city apd county. Imposing fees for
Inspection thereof and for certlllcates of con
•structlon and providing for the disposition of
such fees.
The official bond of the Light and T\ ater
Inspector was fixed at $10,000.
L. R. Dempster was directed to furnish trie
city with forty-three copies of the California
Decisions for $30 a month.
Ordinances were finally passed imposing
licenses on dealers In Junk and second-hand
goods. - • _
The statement of the Market-street Railway
Company showing receipts for 1S93 to be $132,
167 34 was approved and the corporation was
requested to pay the sum of ?9S43 34 into the
city treasury, being 2 per cent of the receipts.
The ordinance Imposing a license on peddiers
¦who sell goods from stationary wagons came
up for final passage, but was referred to the
License Committee for further consideration.
An ordinance was passed Imposing a license of
$4 Der quarter on every lessee or proprietor
billiard or pool tables and S5 per quarter on
bowling alleys except in cases where no c>arge
is made for thrir use; also ordinances imposing
a graded lir*en*e on keepers of hotels, boarding
or lodging houses, restaurants or places of re
freshments, persons engaged as caterers, house
movers and levees of lnclosures whero ball
games are carried on.
The contract for the burial of the Indigent
dead was awarded to James Hagan at $4 2a
per body.
Louisburpr street was declared an open pub
lic street except where It passes through
block 9.
The ordinance providing for the dedication
of the Almshcuse tract, west of Dewey boule
vard, as the site for the new City and County
Hospital, was finally passed.
The statement of the San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Hallway Company, showing
its receipts from January 1, 1S99. to May 31.
1900. to be 1275.310 51. based on S6 per cent_ o£
the gross receipts in San Francisco and San
Mateo counties, was approved. The corporation
was directed to pay the sum of $5506 21 Into the
city treasury, beine 2 per cent of the gross
receipts.
A resolution was adopted approving the ac
tion of the Hospital and Health Committee
In rejecting certain bids for supplies found
to be exorbitant in comparison with market
values. New bids will be Invited.
The ordinance . imposing a license of $75 per
quarter on billposter* was Indefinitely post
poned on recommendation of the License Com
mittee. Chairman Comte explained that the
high rate would shut out all competition, which
was deemed undesirable.
A resolution providing for amending the
charter to include telephone and telegraph com
panies within the regulation of rates by the
Supervisors was referred to the Committee on
Amendments to the Charter. .
The appointment of a stationery clerk at
$123 per month as an assistant to Clerk Rus
sell was authorized.
The Mayor was requested by resolution to
appoint a committee of three to Investigate the
cost of maintaining minors in the Home for
Feeble-minded Children in order to reduce the
expense if possible, so that the appropriation
may not be overdrawn.
The Mayor was requested to appoint a com
mittee of three to reduce the number of tele
phones in use by the city government, so that
the cost of the service shall not exceed the
cum of ITOCO. the amount appropriated for the
fiscal year 10C0-1901.
The petition of owners of 4643 feet frontage
on Third street for the removal of buildings
and other obstructions upon the road*-ay of
the strert aloni; the water front block between
Berry and Channel streets was referred to the
Street Committee.
The Spring Valley Water Company was re
quested to furnish the patrons of the Visita
cion Water Company with water, the pipes of
the latter concern ha\1ns broken down.
The City Attorney was requested to advise
the board as to the earliest date on which
amendments to the charter may be submitted
to the people.
The invitation of the grand marshal of the
Fourth of July celebration for the board to
participate in the parade and exercises was
accepted.
Referred to Committees.
The following communications were referred
to committees: Market-street Railway Com
pany with a statement of gross receipts for
1S99; Robert Carr, complaining of the Irqpass
able condition of the sidewalks at Chestnut and
Vallejo streets; P. H. Jackson & Co.,, with
notice of claim of ISM 11 against Bateman Bros,
for material used in the Hall of Justice; George
H. Young for permission to keep a sidewalk
elevator in front .of 10 Sutter street; Sanitary
Reduction Works for permission to construct
a temporary track from its works along the
east side of De Haro street to Sixteenth and
De Haro for smnll grading cars, drawn by
horses; property owners and residents, for the
placing of electric lights at Twenty-first and
"Worth streets and at the corner of , Twenty
second and Douelass.
educational programme, though no defi
nite action has • yet been taken in the
matter.
AFFECTING THE MUNICIPALITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
James J. Fallon was given judgment
against the city and county by Judge
Cook yesterday fcr $300. Fallon, who was
formerly Fish and Game "Warden, appoint
ed under an act of the Legislature, was
denied his salary for the months of Octo-
ber, November and December of last year.
The court finds that as a statutory officer
he Is entitled to the remuneration, for his
services sued ' for, and judgment was en
tered accordingly.
Fallon Gets Judgment.
- Harrison Barto has sued the Board of
Supervisors to restrain them from enter-
Ing into a contract for stationery with
anv firm other than the Stanley-Taylor
Company. Plaintiff alleges that the Stan,
ley -Taylor Company was the lowest bid
der, but is being: discriminated against by
,the board. .
Wants a Bid Recognized.
Four troops of recruits to the Sixth
Cavalry will arrive, in this city to-day
from New. York. In all there are 61S men
and thirteen officers. They will sail on
the Grant for Manila. ••
Troops Will Arrive.
Sum Being Raised for Belief of the
Hindoo Sufferers Is Steadily
Growing.
On Sunday evening, June 30. Frederick
"W. d'Kvelyn. M. r>.. will i?ive a lecture
at the Metropolitan Temple In aid of the
Indian famine relief fund. The lecture
will be under the auspices of the Lon
don Mansion Fund of San Francisco. Dr.
d'Kvelyn's subject will be "The Trana
vnal." and the lecture will be lavishly
Illustrated with 100 new plates Just re
ceived from the scat of the present war.
The personal experirjac^s of Dr. d'Evelyn
In Africa will enable him to speak with
authority on this Interesting topic, and
his powers of entertainment are most fa
\'orably rrmpmberpd. m
The California famln« fund commltt^
met yesterday at t'no T. M. C. A. butld
inp and with last we^k'3 receipts turned
in $2C0 to the fund. The treasurer. I. J.
Truman of the Columbia Bank, reports
the total amount of the fund now as
$1119. Mr. Truman will bo pleased to re
ceive any further contributions.
WILL LECTURE TO AID
INDIAN FAMINE FUND
Not 'Get a Warrant.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
EARLY FRENCH DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS
7
The man -who always remembers his
wife's "»lrthday anniversary and presents
her with some little token of esteem sel-
dom has cause to seek a divorce.
Mrs. Pinkham has fifty
thousand such letters.
Her counsel is safe coun-
sel* It alv/ays helps wo*
men and it will help you*
*tiRrsm Pinkham 9 s ad»
dross is Lynn, Mass. She
viill advise you free* **
Letters from grateful
vsqmon are constantly
being printed in this
paper.
the question of health
is always before her*
Thcriy y&zrs of her life
is a battle vtHh niQnstrua-
*,"g;., and! zzoi osi& Ytfcman
In a hL"$£rGg escapes the
His v/h:oh lie in wait front
month to ssiGnth*
! Lyab E. Finkhara's Vegetable Componnd j
has restored a million
women to health.
Increase from girlhood to
tho ffrsve-a
AHTJSEME2TTS.
GRAND OPERA-HODSE special
SALE OF SEATS
BEGINS TO-DAY AT 9 A. M.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON
JUNE ». tt 1:0 SHARP.
FOR TIIE
WIDOW AND ORPHANS
JOHN E.
7
1 he L'cro of the Fire Department.
Given by the
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco,
ATTRACTIONS FBDM EVERY THEATER
11 THE CITY,
MONSTER MiNSTREL FIRST PART,
AKD THK BEST BILL. EVER GIVEN.
RESERVED SEATS-- $1.00.
El A P| 0PERA
WALTER HOROSOO, Manager.
rHONE MAIN £22.
5=a:e of Scats Crir.mpnce« THURSDAY
MORNING.
M«ND*Y EVENING NEXT, JULY 2.
THE NEW F RAW LEY COM#»4rVr.
In Israel Zar.srnrHl's Famous Tlay,
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO."
Fa!* of Seats Comments Thursday Morn- j
lr.ff at Box Office Grand Oyvra House and I
Branch Ticket Orr.ce, Emporium.
HOLlDAi* MATINEE JfLY 4.
n^euiar Mstin«"* Saturday.
nVENING PRICES— Orchestra 73c; Drns
Clrclo. Me; Family Circle. 2.%c: Gallery, 15c
Mat'.ne* Vrict-%— SQe. 25e, 15c. Wo.
A BILL, EETOND CRITICISM.
THE BEST OF THE SEASON.
The Greatest Cotnedy Quartet la America.
The Four COHANS,
Presertlns "THK GOVERNOR'S SON."
TODD - JUDGE FAMILY OF ACROBATS,
CARRiN6T0N. HOLLAND 2nd GALPIN,
GILBERT -and 63LD1E.
MUSICAL. DALE. SYDNEY DEANE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
nrrmrci B^ats. Sc; Balcony. 19c; Opera
Chairs nn<J JLJcx seats. Me.
i3aiire»-s \*><!ne*<3ay , Saturday anj Sunday.
Another Sensational Success!
A I'atkcd Houe»! Latt Nlelit Witnessed the
Revival of tba, Operatic Gem.
POSITIVELY EVERY EVENING AND SAT-
URDAY MATINEE.
rorrri^Aij r-nicns— rs<r and ooc.
TELEPHONE UUHII 9.
4^-T HEATR
LVEHY NIGHT AT S:!O.
FOURTH WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE V.HITTLEEEY. In tlie
KascJnatlnc Play.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Se£tu at Cox Olflce C Dnya In Advance.
ADVEBT1SE1CENTS.
3fe^iiS|i! rnetic P Itl1an £
71 Y*J£§/i;-. ~fe|$&y a. ready pre- K
jj Nc5S_ tSSPs pared prescrip- L
*\ dtfjS^"^ tion — a medl- j^
Jf cated cream that never fails to V^
J prove its efficiency. Anita Cream I
7L has transformed hundreds »f seem- K
I ingly ruined eRins. and has made I
them beautifully clear and spotless. K
J It draws all Impurities to the sur- lu
•J face, removes the outer cuticle In A*
%f Invisibly Email particles and re- 1/
*} stores the rosy blush of youth. C
a Freckles, tan, moth blotches, pirn- f£
Jf pies, liver patches, muddlness and k.
I all other dlscoloratlons disappear K
nf under the influence of Anita Cream, w
*5 The treatment is delightful, quick J*
a and effective. Anita Cream con- j£
3 tains no vaseline or ingredient that *.
51 will cause a growth of hair. J»
yf For sale by your druggist. >If no.5. \*
* send us 50 cents for full size Jar or J*
\i 2c for information and a free earn- \*
* pie. Anita Cream & Toilet Co.. *
«f 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, CaL V
AMTJSETCENT&
EVERY N'IGIIT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY
In Addition to the Regular Matinee Saturday.
Matlnefa Besrin at 2 Sharp.
CHAHLES FROHMAX Presents
HENRYMIIXER
SPECIAL an C0iMPANY.
This Week Only, Jerome K. Jerome's
Brilliant Comedy Success,
"MISS HOBBS"
N'ext Monday- 1 THE TREE OF KNOWL-
EDGE." Seats ready Thursday.
THE SECOND WEEK
BIGOlilt THAN THE FIRST.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OP ;l- :
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST'
In IIoyt'B
A Milk White Flag
AI,!.. tt'KEK-MATIN'EE SATURDAY.
NEXT SUNDAY NIOHT-Hoyt'B Latest, "A
DAY AND A NIGHT."
Appcaxanco o{ MISS LOUISI2 GVSSIXQ. the
ramous Sroteh Olrl. In her original part, writ-
ton lor her by Chas. II. Iloyt.
r'TcpiJr'Djq CONCERT HOUSE.
Last Week of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAR-
TET AND SIO. ADKAMOFF In Scenes From
•THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL MARTIN.
Soprano, and lea belle Underwood.
n<»»*rve<l Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
•-(OPEN NTQHTS.
Open Darij- From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
UathliVT from 7 a. m. to M p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN f>c.
Ea thins. Including Admission. 25c. Children 25c.
Silk vests— b!uj ani ||p%
w ith collar— or crash $$$$
$**§ vests with silk stripe P||-?
BIBB and!* no collar — both KjSga
2rt|a pretty— three dollars; plf*
~ A.J. PRAGER & SOM5 ' j|||
|m57fj9 T fl£RMEJ[STSLIVERPOOL.
Wheat— , July. Sept.
Opening .6 10% 6 11%
Closing 6.8% s c 10%
PARIS. ;>,'rfr5*l3»ag3
Wheat — '- June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening '....2120 22 65
Closing \ ..2130 22 75
Flour —
Opening 28 40 29 65
Closing 23 63 23 70
Nczv York Cotton Market:
NEW YORK, June 25.— The sensational bull
movement begun some ten months >. ago cul
minated on the New York Cotton, Exchange
this morning when prices fell some . 30 \ points
under 'a terrific drive > of bulls to unload a
glut of cotton purchased on the advance.
It has been many months since the ahorts
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or secor.d (eet, cne second foct
equaling 60 Califcrnia miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The fUrures ar«
frcra J. li. Lircincott of the United Stales
Geological Survey: '¦:: ";.? ¦-•¦¦' '_
Flozv of Rivers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc Office. V. S. N.. M«r
rhant*' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
June 25. 1DC«.
Tb.* time ball en the tcwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon t-vday—
1. •.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. xn.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKI.N3.
H*ut»n»int Commander. XT. S. N.. In ch^rg*.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I— ¦
June ' 85
July 8S 8S% 8314 86
August 8S& 89% 84% 87tf
Corn No. 2—
June 42 42% 40% 41V
July 42 42>4 40% 41%
August 42% 43 4U4 42%
Oats No. 2—
June and July 2n»i 26^i 24% 25%
August 26% 2G% 25%. 28
Mess Pork, per bbl — •
July 12 50 12 65 12 12% 12 32%
September.... 12 70 12 80 12 32% 12 65
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 95 7 00 6 85 6 S7>,4
September 7 12% 7 17% 6 95 7 C2%
October 7 15- 7 15 7 05 .7 05
Short Bibs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 05 7 07% 6 92% 6 57%
September 7 12% 7 25 7 02% .7 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 82%4i82%ic; No. 2
red. S6%@S7%c; No. 2 corn, 41%c; No. 2 yellow,
42%c: No. 2 oats, 25%fi,26%c; No. 2 white, 28%ffl
20c; No. 3 white, 27^2S%c; fair to choice malt-
Ing barley. 45c: No. 1 flaxseod. $1 SO: No,-*!
Northwestern; $1 SO; prime timothy seed, $3;
mess pork, per barrel, ?11 20JJ12 33; lard, per
100 pounds. $6 73@6 77%; Rhort ribs sides (loose),
J6 Sffli 10; dry palted shoulders (boxed). 6%@
7c: short clear sides (boxed). $7 4O@7 CO; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 23; clove-r, contract
grade. $S. ...
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.000 19,000
Wheat, bushels 79,000
Corn, bushels C15.000 R35.000
Oat3, bushels 332.000 337,000
Rye. bushels 3,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 . 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market -was firm: creamery, 14®19c; dairy. 13@
16%c. Cheese, steady; 8%@9%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, lie.
j, Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 25. — CATTLE — Receipts, 21,
0C0; choice light Eteer3 about steady; others
weak to 10c lower, Including butchers' stocks.
Natives — Best on Bale to-day, one carload at
$5 70; good to prime steers, $T,fi5 70; poor to
mediums, 14 &0@5; selected feeders, $1 2G@4 75;
mixed stockers, $3 1J@4; cows. 12 9004 CO;
heifers. $3 10@5 25; canners. J2 2"$?2 SO; bulls,
J2 S0<f?4 25; calves. $4 D0<&6 35; Texas fed »teers,
$4 SOfiS 15; grass steers, J3 65®4 25; Texas bulls,
*2 75<0'3 40. ?n- --:«»V*!?-
HOGS— Receipt^. 40,000; to-morrow, 25,000; left
over, E0O0; 2%@5c lower; top, $5 37%; mixed and
butchers, {5 15®5 35; good to choice heavy,
J5 20(f(5 37V.; rough heavy, $5 104J5 20; light,
*5 l.VR-5 37%; bulk, -Jo 2505 32%.
BHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep -and Iambs,
about steady; good to choice wethers, $4 2-"@3;
fair to choice mixed, 13 5O04 40; Western sheep,
$4 25{r4 75; yearlings, -JGJ?5 50; native lambs, T5@
6 25; Western lambs, $6@C 23; spring lambs,
*4 25@6 75.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 25.— The principal feature
of the metal market to-day was the advancing
of lead by the American Smelting and Refining
Company. The quotation at the close of busi
ness to-day was $4 10@4 15 and very unsettled.
Tin was rather unsettled all day, closing at
$30 50@31 50. Lake copper ruled dull and un
changed at $16 50. Piglron warrants ruled weak
and nominally on the • basis of $14 25 for spot.
No. 1 Northern ¦ was quoted at $18 and No. I
Northern at $17. - Spelter was a little steadier,
but not quotably . higher, closing at $4 15@4 20.
The brokers' price for. lead was $4 and for cop
per $16 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW: YORK. June 25.'— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday,. June 23.' as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. • Decrease.
"Wheat 45.525.C00 1.350,000-
Corn j 12,161,000 931,000 ;......
Oats 5.3SO.C0O '. ....... 5.000
Rye ..\ 87,000 136,000
Barley 731,000 ¦ 39,000
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL. Jane 25.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
Local stocks and bond3 were dull and un
changed.
The oil stocks were flat and neglected.
The Homestake Mining Company paid the
regular and extra monthly dividends, each, at
the rate of 23 cents per share yesterday,
amounting to $105,000.
The MaJtawell Sugar Company paid a divi
dend of 60 cents yesterday.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany paid a dividend of 50 cents yesterday.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay the mual monthly dividend of
33 cents on the 2<1.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society 'has
declared a dividend of 3.60 per cent per an
num on term deposits and 3 per cent per an
num on ordinary deposits, payable July 2.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 50 conts per share, payable July 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 23-2 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask
U S Bonds—" * Eqult G L Co. 3 3U
4a quar coup. .113 lli*i!Mutual El Co. 11U 12
4s do reg HI 114%;O G L & H.... 47 —
4s do cp new.. 134 134%; Pac Gas Imp.. 4«V. 47H
3s quar coup..l05 3 / 4luSVi(Pac L Co 43% «%
Miscellaneous — .a F O & E . 47<K iTW
Cal-st Cab is. .113 — 'Kan Francisco. <iT 5
C C Water 5a.luJ% — i^tkri O & E Co 10' —
Ed L & P <*..12S% - | Ir.suranee-
F & Cl Ry 6s.. - 113 iFirem's Pund.228% -
Oeary-st R 5s. — 39 Dank Stocks—
HCtS 5%s. — — pAnelo-Cal Ltd. 65% 70
Do Zs — — iBank of Cal... — —
L A Ry Bs.... — 10S tCal S D 4 T.. - 106
L A Lt Co 69. — — jpirst National - 2M
Do gntd 6s.. — — ,Lnn P & A. ...131 133
L A gntd 5s... 100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A V K It 5s. — 102H-Nev Xat Bk —
Markct-st G3..12S — I Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 53.118% — Get S & L....1S'*O —
N'CNOR 7s. - 114 Hum S & L.. - _
N It of Cal 6s.li;%U7 Mm Sav Dk... 45 —
Do 5s 117% — S K Sav U 50..; _
X P C U R 69.101 -i Sav & L So 71 7S
Do 6s 10S — 'Sec Sav Bk '— —
N Cal R R 6s.lll — {Union T Co!.!! — _
Oak G L&H53.i.U -*- I Street Railroad*
Oak Tran €s... -- 11S% California 122H —
Oak W Co Ss.. — — Geary-st ...... 50 —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 — Market-st Ry. C3 64
Om C Ry 6s. .123 — O S L & H — 4toi
P & Cl Ry 69.104% — IPresldio .M5 21
I* & O R 11 63.115 — } Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R Ss.120 — [California- ISO 170
Pac L & GR5s. — — jlJiant Con Co. S3% SS'i
5 F & SJV 5s. - 120% Vigorlt 3 31!
6 Ry of Cal 6S.1UK — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s... — , — iKona S P Co. S% 8%
S P C 6s(19O5).ll» 110", Haw C & S Co. — 90
Do'USOG) ....1U%113 IHcnokaa S Co CTi —
Do (1912) ....119 122%!Hutch S P Co. - R«
SPRC lstKntSs — — [KHauea S Ct>. 20 *}U
1 S P Br 6s 130 — iMakawell S Co 46% 47
S V Water 6s.ll5%115% Onomea S Co. — 28
Do 4s ....103VilC3% Caauhau S Co, 31 31%
Do !d mtR...101Vi — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gr.a Cs 93 - Al Pack A*sn.ll7 US
Water Stocks — Cal Fruit Asn. — 99Vi
Contra Costa.. 63 — Mer Ex Assn.. — ino
Marln> County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. S>271 S3V^
Spring Valley. 94% — I Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— I Pac C nor Co.lM —
Cent G L Co.. — — |p a r Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 4 — I
Jlornln. Session.
Eoard—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
- 60 Kllauen Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
15 Makaweli „ 4s 50
$4C0O Oceanic. Steamship bonds, 106 CO
40 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 47 75
$2000 S P of. A bonds UJ 00
Street — i
5 Oceanic Steamship Co..". 93 00
Ncti' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 25.— There was consider
able speculative activity in the stock market
to-day and the fluctuations in prices were
<;uite wide and frequent. The net changes
•were mostly "Email, bo that the result of the
day's trading Is not conclusive as to the turn
In prices. The market was exceedingly irregu
lar a.11 day and at times much confused. The
cj>ening depression. In eympathy with London,
where the Chine-fee outbreak had an unfavor
able effect, was generally overcome. Prices
then broke with ecme violence, the bear attack
lK-ine dirr-cted especially against Baltimore and
Ohio. Continued pressure wae In evidence also
ngainrt Brooklyn Transit. Boston and Ohio
MtSercd to the extent of four points at the
[mint level and Brooklyn Transit rold to 4».
vhich -was 2*k below Saturday's level. In
sympathy with this acute weakness the whole
market s=<;ld off end apparently the liquidation
of last week was renewed in force. But the
msrket gave evidence later of being oversold
end the ;¦¦•.!.-= beean to absorb stocks to cover
their short contracts. The result was a gen
eral recovery of the earlier Jesse*. But ther*
was nothing like demoralization among bears,
the covering rr.&vement being conducted in a
weil-oro>red manner. The bulls attempted to
more than a fraction above Saturday's level,
eacept in Brooklyn Transit, when the demand
Ircm shorts dlTr.inlshed to almost nothing. The
<Jribb!e of liquidation was sufficient to turn
prices downward again and they were only
partly erroste-i at about Saturday night's level,
where the movement became very irregular at
the closing. The stock market was apparently
as jnueh ovcrzoli as the wheat market was
overbought Aid jjroieEFlenal realizing caused
the reaction in both cases.
The bond market was not active and price
chanirei! v.ere irregular. Total sales par value.
fl.H5.000.
Irlted Ptates Ss and new 4s declined «4 In
the ' i ! f^rJoo.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
23.RVS Atchieon prefd f..... 70%
37.070 Baltimore & Ohio "1>4
900 Canadian Pacific 86
C25 Canada Southern 4S
Z.VA Chesapeake A Ohio 24%
3uO Chicago Oreat Western 1014
S5.7T.0 Chicago Burlington & Quincy.. 122^4
423 Chic Ind & Louis 18
400 Chic Ind & Louis prefd 4S
Chic & East Illinois 95
C29 Chic & Northwestern 152%
10,079 Chic Rock Island & Pacific va^i
7M C C C & St L O%
800 Colorado Southern 6
. <C--,iorado Southern 1st prefd SS
--. Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15%
• GSO I.telaware & Hudson 110
Del Lack & West 175%
Denver & Rio Grande ig%
C10 Denver Ac Iilo Grande prefd 64*
Erie liWi
170 Erie 1st prefd 311,
520 ,C»rer.t Northern prefd H9
'/K) "Horkir.K foal 11%
2*1 Hocking Valley 32%
400 Illinois Central 110«4
;«i Iowa Central IS
153 Iowa Central lyefd it
l,3Ki Kan City Pitts & Gulf n?i
C00 Lake Krie & Western 27
I^ake Krle & Western prefd 92
\...... Lake Shore 208%
»7.n-.". Louisville & Nashrille 74
[,.W Manhattan L S5
2,<&0 Metropolitan St Ry 147
* 300 Mexican Central 11%
Minn & 8t LouU ". 45%
W Minn & St Louis prefd S7
1,785 Missouri Pacific 4794
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of tlie tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column acd the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. Tfca
•econd time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
acd the last or right band column gives th»
lnst tide of th* day. except when there ar« but
thre* tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
frl-ven are la addition to the soundings on th»
United States Ccast Survey charts, except
whei. r minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
»rd then the number riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1st th<» mean of the lower low witer-*.
CHICAGO. June 25.— It was a wild day In
wheat, a battle between bulls and bears In
which the latter, for the first time in weeks,
scored a victory. July opened at . 87%@86%c,
sold between 88% and 83%c, closing 2c under
Saturday at SCc. There was some dispute as
to what really were the opening figures-, so
many trades took place at the sound of the
gong. Some made the initial range from 8S@
fct>%c. Certain it is that all sorts of prices were
paid in a Jumble and that two minutes after
the opening July changed hands at 88%c. In
the field of news the bulls retained their old
friend, the Northwest crop wreck. Manitoba
had rain, but Minnesota and the Dakotas re
ported dry scorching weather — the kind that
burns up vegetation in short order. One Da
kota reporter had the temerity to mention the
appearance of fly. What harm fly wtiuld find
lett to do was not mentioned. On the bear side
of the bulletin board was the Liverpool weak
ness In the face of the 4%c advance Saturday,
the excellent conditions prevailing In the
Southwest and the heavy world's shipments
which Included 2,000,ouO bushels from Russia.-
The visible was also on the bear side of the
fence, showing an Increase of 1.348,000 bushels.
The Southwest said "look out for a big move
ment," and declared that harvesting was pro
gressing in many sections under the most fa
vorable circumstances with promises of wheat
enough to go a long ways toward making up
the shortage caused by the Northwest failure.
The Hems given undoubtedly had some Influ
ence in selling. Longs were profit-takers Sat
urday and ready fcr more. The news had the
effect of prodding them along, and to a de
gree of lessening the demand from certain sec
tions, although the Northwest was still cred
ited wlh paying good prices to make up the
home shortage. For a time following the
opening the market held steadily over 87c. The
hammering by holders . shortly before noon,
however, began to tell. July sagged to 85c and
then, all In a few minutes broke down u
639ic. At 83c stop-loss orders in large numbers
were reached for the first time nince the re
cent advance began and there was such a rush
to sell that between 85c and the bottom there
was scarcely a check to the decline. Support,
credited by many to Wall street Interest,
caught the breaking cereal at 83Tic and hauled
It back to 86c, at which the market closed.
Corn was active and suffered with wheat
and was at one time 2%c lower than It closed
Saturday. It recovered l%c of this loss and
closed l@H»c lower at 4%c. Throughout wheat
furnished the motive.
Oats alone of the markets on the board held
against the downward pressure. With the
break In wheat, oats dropped off but recovered
In 'good shape. The support came from the
Northwest in the shape of damage claims, ac
companied by buying orders. July closed %c
over Saturday. .
Provisions were weak under heavy hog re
ceipts and the wheat decline. There wa« a
fair outside demand which became effective
at the bottom and caused some recovery. The
close, however, was rather weak at that. July
pork closed at 32%c under Saturday, lard 20c
lower and ribs 17%!?}-20c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Sun rises *:43
Sun sets 7:3S
Moon rises (new) 4:21 a. m.
TUESDAY. JUNE 28.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of Hieh and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Saa •
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tne high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flT« minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is to* same at both place*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The John Smith loads lumber at Hastings'
Stills for Kobe.' 70s; John A. lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu; John Currier, merchan
dise at Tacona for Honolulu; Troop, lumber
on the Sound for Valparaiso for orders,' 60s.
Jill cat Shipment.
The British chip Marechal Suchet cleared yes
terday for Queenstown with 66.P23 ctls wheat,
valued at t73.6-io. and ir.«K) feet lumber dun
cage, valued at J225; total value, $73,825.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Umatills, which saJled yesterday
for Victoria, carried a general cargo mani
fested as follou*: For Vancouver. tl2,3S0; for
Victoria. J'.-: ; total, t!7.661. Among the prin
cipal shipments were included the following:
For Vancouver— 7 bdls cordage. 10 pkgs 12>
cheats «fel. 254 gals wine. 10 cs chocolate, 50
c» dried fruit, f, rkgs machinery. 36 pkgs build
ing material. 1203 ft lumber. 10 pkgs hardware,
22 hbis lacquer. 22r. pfcrs dried fruit. 8 pk£8
leather. 4276 rt>* bread, 1000 bxs tin plate. S00
lbs fucar. HZ pkgs fruit, 546 sks potatoes. €7
crs onions, 10 libl* flour, 101 f-ks beans. SO bx»
parte. 7» TT>s butter. 10 pkgs raisins, 21 pkgs
groceries, Stt< pkps lead. 30 cs canned goods.
For Victoria— 50 pkgs machinery. 1201 lbs
»-.-¦-.:. 10 tons millEtu<T8. 15 kegs fish. So pkgs
dried fruit. 157 bbis plaster. S55 bxs paste, 1013
bxs tin plate. 5 pkgs spices. 15 cs oil, 8 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 10 pkgs raisins, 500
eks •alt, 13 cs household goods, 3 bdls cordage.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
five months of the year were $2O,esO.3O0. against
SIS, 320.600 during the same time last year, the
leading sources being as follows: Hawaiian
Islands, lt.CK.tOO; Japan. t3.2S2.800; China. $3.
74S.S0O; Great Britain. tl.C55.600; Central Amer
ica, tl.SSl.70e; British Columbia, tl,016,000; East
Indies, fl.317,700.
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 25—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported irem Etations in California to-day:
Eureka €6 Red Bluff 90
Mount Tamalpals... 6« j Sacramento &8
Independence 92, San Luis Obispo 84
Fresno i2 San Diego 72
Los Angeles SI]
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CO; minimum, c.3; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clear weather prevails west of the Rocky
Mountains, except in Washington. Northeastern
Oregon and Western Montana, where It Is
cloudy. Light rain has fallen in Western
¦Washington, Northeastern Oregon and Western
Montana. A thunderstorm Is reported from
Kalispel.
The pressure has rlson over the Pacific slope
end fallen over the ujiper Missouri Valley.
The temi>erature has fallen over the eastern
X<rtlcni» Ol Washington and Oregon and risen
In the Hacramento Valley and Western Texas.
Coa<31tiur.B are favorable for fair, warm
¦weather in California Tuetday. except fog
ai<jr.g the coast in the evening.
Forecaft rr.ade at ffan Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight, June 2t". 1S00:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; warmer
In the Sacramento Valiey; rresh northwest
wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
v.«m wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair, cooler Tuesdajr.
Arizona— Feir Tuesday.
5-an Francisro and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
cx^t-pt fog along the coast in the evening;
irtth we*t wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
ZOO Mobile & Ohio 84
600 Missouri Kan & Texas .- 9%
1.420 Missouri Kan, & Texas prefd 29
New Jersey Central 123
3.555 New York Central 127!4
3,255 Norfolk & Western : 30%
600 Norfolk & Western prefd 74
S9.973 Northern Pacific 49%
1.911 Northern Pacific prefd 70
600 Ontario & Western 1S%
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
5.270 Penncylvania 126
Reading 16
4.800 Reading 1st prefd E6%
$40 Reading 2d prefd 27
100 Rio Grande Western 55
COO Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
350 St Louis & San Fran 8Ti
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 65
150 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 31%
350 St Louis Southwestern 8%
Lfr'O St Louis Southwestern prefd 22^-i
21.350 St Paul 109&g
St Paul rrefd 176%
St. Paul & Omaha IIS
7.S50 Southern Pacific 31H
2.000 Southern Railway 11
3.K90 Southern 'Railway prefd 60
1.100 Texas & Pacific 13%
18,760 Union Pacific : 4ST,
4,100 Union Pacific prefd 70%
Wabash 7
2,800 Wabash prefd • 17%
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 21%
400 Wisconsin Central 13
Express Companies—
Adams 117
....... American 150
United States M. 43
Wells-Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
770 American Cotton Oil SOU
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
133 American Malting 2%
American Malting prefd 18
2.800 Amer Smelting & Refining 35%
1.770 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.. S5%
American Spirits 1%)
-American Spirilts prefd 17
1.670 American Steel Hoop 17
315 American Steel Hoop prefd 63V.
11.150 American Steel & Wire 25%
2,950 American Steel & Wire prefd 70
CIS American Tin Plate 1S%
1.146 American Tin Plate prefd 71%
20,890 American Tobacco 86
American Tobacco prefd 129
700 Anaconda Minine Co 33
81.197 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 52%
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 29*4
700 Continental Tobacco 22%
1.S00 Continental Tobacco prefd 75%
9.4SO Federal Steel 23%
SS5 Federal Steel prefd 63V«
1,325 General Electric 126%
270 Glucose Sugar 45%
Glucose Sugar prefd 96
L300 International. Paper 21%
360 International Paper prefd 63V
200 Laclede Gas 63
200 National Biscuit 2S\i
National Biscuit prefd 79%
National Lead 19
National Lead prefd 95
3,010 National Steel 2Hi
1,010 National Steel prefd S0%
New York Air Brake 127
North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd fO
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd SS%
700 Pacific Mall 26%
15.075 Peonle's Gas 9*"i
1.300 Prefsed Steel Car 42Vi
Pressed Steel Car prefd 70
100 Pullman Palace Car 176
ICO Standard Rope & Twine 5
54,110 Sugar 112%
Sugar prefd 114
3.26rt Tennessee Coal & Iron 62%
2.755 United States Leather 774
1,850 United States Leather prefd 65
4iV) United States Rubber 25
310 United States Rubber prefd 92
500 Western Union 78%
925 Republic Iron & Steel 9
700 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 50%
P C C & St Louis 6')
430 Third Avenue 10S
542.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdg. when I M K & T 2ds 65
Issued, reg % 102% do 4s 103%
do coup lOS'-ilN Y Cent lsts Ill
do 2» reg 100 |N J Cent gen 5s.. .122
do 3s reg 10S%INo Pac 3s 66'4
do coup 108%|No Pac 4s 104%
do new 4a reg.... 134 N Y C & St L 4s.. 106
do coup 134 Norf & W con 4s... 95%
do old 4s reg 114 Oregon Xav lsts.. 109
do coup 115 do 4s 103%
do 5s reg 113 Or S Line 6s 127%
do coup 113 do con 5s 1134
Die Col 3.G5s 123 Reading gen 4s.... 87%
Atchieon gen 4s ..100H R G W lsts 93ii
do adj 4s R2i» St L & I M con 5s.. 110
Can So 2ds 107 Pt L & S F gen 6a. 123
Ches & Ohio 4%s... 9S% St Paul cons 1G9
do 5s 116 St P C & P lsts. .119%
C & N W con 7s. ..140 do ,'s 119*4
do S F deb 56....117%iSo Pac 4s 78
Chi Term 4s 95% So Railway 5s 110%
Colo Southern 4s... 81% 8 Rope & T 6s 70
D & R G lsts 101'*! Tex & Pac l*ts 110%
do 4e S?% do 2ds T5
E T Va & Ga lsts.lO3\i Union Pac 4s 105%
Erie gen 4s ««V Wabash lsts 114%
Ft W & D C 1«U.. fl iWabash 2ds 100
Gen Elec 5s 117% West Shore 4s ....113%
Iowa Cent lsts 112 Wls Cent lsts 83%
K C P & a lsts 70 Va Cent &2%
L & Nash uni 4s. .100%! ,
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario « 75
Crown Point 07iOphlr 67
Con Cal & Va 1 4i Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 10 do prefd 7 00
Hale & Xorc 22 Sierra Nevada 26
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 00
iron Silver &5, Union Con 17
Mexican IS Yellow Jacket OS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-
Call loans 2%@3
Time loans 'i'a\
Etocks—
Atchison 24
do prefd 70'i
Am Hugar 112%
do preid 113^4
B«ll Telephone 295
Boston & Albany.. 242
Boston Elevated . .135
C B & Q 122»-i
Dem Coal VVA
40 prefd 113
Fc-a Steel 29U
do prefd 64
Fltchburg prefd. ..133Vi
Gen Elec 126%
do prefd 137
Ed Elec 111 205
M«x Cent ll l i
N E G & Coke 15%
Old Colony 200
Old Dominion 16',i
Rubber 24M:
Union Pacific 4S%
West End S3
Westlngh Elec 43
Wls Cent C3
Bonds—
Atchison 99%
Mining shares —
Adventure 2
Allouez Mln Co ... 1
Amalg Copper .... E5
Atlantic 22
Boston & Mont 287
Hutte & Boston... 62
Calumet & Hecla.,725
Centennial 16
Franklin 12>4
Osceola 7S%
Parrot 39
Quincy 134
Panta Fe Copper... 14«,i
Tamarack 176
Utah Mining 21%
Winona 2Va
Wolverines 35
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 2S.— Money on call easy
at 1U@1% per cent; last loan, 1% per cent
Prime mercantile paper, 3V4®4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at . $4 S6H@4 S6*i for demand
and $4 £3%@4 83% for sixty days; posted rates,
ji hi and $4 87%^4 8S: commercial bills. $4 «<"•.
4 S3\i. Bar sliver. 60%c; silver certificates, . 60@
C>\<-: Mexican dollars, 47*ic.
state bonds inactive; railroad Irregular; Gov
ernment, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
ehows: Available cash balance. $151,459,740'
gold, $eS.163,C51.
London Market
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was universal flatness in the markets to-
NEW YORK, June 25.— FXOUR— Receipts.
18.144; exports, 18,751. Unsettle^ and dull, with
buyers and sellers further apart than ever.
Winter patents $4 85@4 75; winter straights,
$4 10@4 50; Minnesota patents. $5@5 30.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19.150 bushels; exports,
204,509. Spot firm; No. 2 red. JW%o f. o. b. afloat;
No. 3 red, 02*4c; No. L Northern Duluth. 94%o f.
o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1. hard Duluth, 36Vic f.
o. b. afloat promp$» Options opened excited and
a cent below Saturday's late curb prices, being
influenced by foreign selling and unsatisfac
tory English cables. A sharp rally on cover
ing was followed by an afternoon break under
predictions of showers in the Northwest and
heavy unloading. Closed firm on final cover-
Ing with last prices %@l%c under yesterday's
official close. July, S9@92*;c closed 9Hic; Sep
tember, 89%@93c. closed 9l«ic; December. 91*4
@93%c closed Sl%c
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot, firm; No. 7, Rio invoice, 8'.4c;
mild, quiet; Cordova. 9%@13%c. Futures closed
steady, with prices 10@20 net higher. Total
sales, 11.000 bags. Including: July, $7 10®7 15;
August. $7 20: September, $7 25@7 30; October
and November. $7 25.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4 13-16c;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 ll-16c; molasses, 3 15-lGc;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 15.652 packages: firm;
creamery, extras. 16@19c; factory, 13V4@16c
EGGS— Receipts, 11,594 packages. Dull and
weak. Western ungraded, loss off; do at mark,
10@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated . apples ruled
rather quiet but firm at Saturday's decline.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3*^<55c; prime, 5>£@5V4c; choice, 6%@6%c; fancy,
' CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7o per
pound.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12»4@14c; Moorpark. 15
©18c. ' ,
PEACHES— Peeled. 16Q'20c: unpeeled, e@9c
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchanjre, sixty days.. — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 8SVi
New York. Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce — x 6 *&
Mexican Dollars — 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Parts and Liverpool futures were
both higher asaln.
Chicago was lower, . declining from SSc- to
83%c and recoverlnff to E6c. The decline was
caused by heavy realizing by Chicago opera
tors and liberal selling by foreign houses.
There were more buyers than sellers on the
break, however. The foreigners sold on the
course of Liverpool, which weakened under
large Russian shipments. There was nothing
in Northwestern conditions to cause a break,
the weather continuing unfavorable. There
were light showers In Manitoba, but elsewhere
it was clear and hot. Wires from Minneapolis
cave the weather as very hot and dry. ma
terially increasing the area of total failure.
The American visible supply Increased 1,350,000
bushels. Offerings were large all day, and
there was less talk of "dollar wheat." In fact,
the pit would realize on any further excite
ment above 90c. but everybody waa afraid to
short much.
The market for shipping grades was un
changed, but quiet. Futures declined under
heavy transactions, though the tendency was
upward again as the day advanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling.
$1 ll»,i@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15' o'clock— December—
12,000 ctls, $12tt4; 40.C0O. $121; 10.000, $121*;
20,000. $1 21H; ' 4000, ft 2->T6; fiOOO. |120%; 2000,
$1 20%.
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls. $1 1714;
50,000. $1 17; 8000. $1 16%; 2000. $1 16H: 26.000,
$1 16%: 14.000, $1 16%; 6U00, $1 16%; 2300. $1 17H;
2000, $1 17H.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000
ctle, $1 1S%; 4000. $1 1SU; 12.000, $1 1SH-
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls,
$1 19%: 32.000. $1 19%; 10.000, $1 20H; 74.000. $1 20.
BARLEY— This market Is following wheat
up and down, and accordingly futures declined
yesterday. Spot prices remained unchanged,
but trade was dull.
Feed. 72%g7Sc for No. 1 and 63®70c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, THiQ
82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, 74c: 2000, 73HC.
Afternoon Session — December" — 4000 ctls, 74%c;
2000. 74%c. -•
OATS— Tho market continues quiet, but
firmly held.
White, »i 10®l 20: Surprise. $1 22%®1 25: Red.
$1 1091 20; Gray. $1 07*31 15; Black. $lftl 07V»
per ctl.
CORN— The market continues Inactive. East
ern large Yellow. $1 17&@1 20 per ctl; Eastern
White. $1 17%@1 20 per ctl: Mixed. $1 15.
RYE— S7%c for new and S2V4S»5c for old.
tiH_i\A> ni-:.-v i —Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Flour rules stiff, with, a good demand for
shipment. A general advance in Wheat ana
Corn products will be observed, due to the rise
in the raw material.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 «0@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40® 3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 lai,! 3 SO for bakers': Eastern, $150
ij?6 50 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal,' $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, %Z 50; Oat Groats, $4 £0: Hom
iny. $3 5iy-l3 73; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. '$3 cO; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 2.".; Rolled Oats (barrels). $0®
7 25. In sacks. $5 75(37; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues weak, with heavy receipts,
though there Is less depression. Bran is rather
i-aaler.
• BKAN— $13@13 &O per ton.
MIDDLINGS— M7«i2f> per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 316fl7 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $^C®27; Jobbing.
J27 £0@2S; Coccanut Cake. $2U!@21: Corn Meal,
$24 50; Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed. $16.
HAY— Wheat, $7 &0(ff9 50 for common to good,
J10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50<g9 50; Oat,
$6 50<S8; Alfalfa. $5@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 50@6 50: Wheat.
$6 50<gS; Clover, U 50®6; Alfalfa, $5©7; Barley.
14 50® 6 50 s>er ton.
STRAW-2o@27u>c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dried Peas are higher. Seeds are nominal.
There is no change in Beans.
BEAN'S — Bayos. $2 S5<&3; small White, $3 2.". a
3 40; large White, $2 751J3; Pink. $2 50@2 90; Red.
?2 5Q@3; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters, nominal;
Lima, $5 30®5 40; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys.
$4@4 50. •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90<?2 20; Canary, 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2 t / &S3c: Hemp, 4@4Hc: Timothy,
4tM^C.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2 25<§2 50; Green, $2 25
@2 £0 per Ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are in light supply and higher. Pota
toes and V«retables are plentiful.
POTATOES, Oregon Burbanks. 65#S5c; New
Early Rose. 35©50c; New Burbanks. 3oJjS".c per
ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 50@"5c; Silverskin*. Jl@
1 10 per ctl.
VKOETABLES— Green Corn. 73c«i$l 25 per
sack and crate for Vacavllle, $14?1 25 per crate
for Berkeley and $1 50(}j2for Alameda; Rhubarb,
15<035c per box; Asparagus. 75c@$l 75 per box
for common to choice and $2g2 50 for fancy
laree; Green Peas,- $1 SCffl 73 per sack: String
Beans. 2W4V.C; Cabbas?e. 40«50c; Tomatoes. 50(£p
$1; Rivers. $1 50©2; Egg, Plant, 5ig8c; Green
Okra 25c; Green Peppers. 8S12U.C for Chill and
8@13c for Bell; Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots,
25®35c per sack: Summer Squash. ~rr- per box
for Vacavllle and COSGac for Alameda; Cucum
bers, 75c@$l for Alameda and 35<ij50c per box
for Marysvllle; new Garlic, S^®3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
A car came In from the East yesterday and
two fall due to-day. They come on a bare
market.
POULTRT-Llve Turk -ys. !H?10c for Gobblers
and ll(S$13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. *1®1 25; Ducks. $3 ;0®4 50 for old and
$3W@4 50 for young; Hens, $4ff4 TO; youns
Roosters. $4 50Q5 50: old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fry
ers, *3 50®*; Broilers. $2®3 50 for large and $1 73
4f2 25 for small; Pigeons. ¦ $1 25® 1 50 per dozeu
for old and 514<1 25 for Squabs.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
7— „ iwm&
The greater part of the Butter now coming
in is soft and Inferior. This stock is weak and
dull, but strictly fine hard . creamery ; rules
steady. ¦'¦/.¦'. ,
Eggs continue to decline. Receipts are ac
cumulating, as buyers are taking practically
nothing. All dealers are getting loaded and
are shading quotations to effect sales. ' . ¦"
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lS>£@19c; seconds,
18c. .
Dairy— Fancy, 17V4@18c; good to choice, 16@
17c; common. 14®15c.
CHEESE— New. S(fft>c; Young America, 90
9Hc': Eastern, 16017c: Western, U@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13Q14c for store and 16®17c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 14®14Uc. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market was well supplied for Monday,
but quotations showed little change. The can
ners bid $.12 60 per ton for Royal Hatlve Plums.
Cherries were generally poor and they will soon
be " out of season. Plums and Prunes' were
lower. Flsrs.-were" extremely weak. Peaches
and Apricots stood about the same.
- Berries continued plentiful and cheap. No Lo
gans carr.e In. ' ..
Nutmeg melons from Yuma brought tZ&Z 50
per .crate.' :.¦ -• -
Lemons are dolne better.
DKCIDUOITS FRUITS—
APRICOTS-2r»@65c per box and crate for
Royals; In baskets. 204i'3Oc; In bulk, 2@3c per lb
to the trade and $12 Mfi 2o per ton to the cun
ners. --*.-¦ . ¦ ' . - - ...
APPLES— 25c per basket and 40c@$l for large
boxes."" ¦ ¦ : • 7. . . : ,
PEARS— 30t?C0o per box: Bartletts, $1 35.
I • PLUMS — 20S40c per box and crate and 20S33c
Silver higher. Sterling exchange lower.
Wheat suffers a reaction, Barley quieter.
Oats, Corn and Rye uncluxngcd.
General advance in Millstuffs. Flour stiff and active.
Hay ZLrak and Bran rather easier.
Beans and Seeds unchanged. Dried Peas higher.
Potatoes in free supply and cheap.
Onions continue to rise. Vegetables declining.
Butter in large supply and dull.
Eggs off again and neglected.
Poultry nominal.
Fruit market generally steady.
Dried Apricots quoted off a fraction.
No change in Provisions.
Increased imports from foreign countries.
Local stocks and bonds neglected.
day in the absence of definite Chinese news
and under the Influence of pessimistic surmises.
London made a feeble attempt to rally Amer
icans, but they were smashed by New York's
raid In Baltimore and Ohio, which slumped 4
points In a quarter of an hour without a
hundred shares changing hands. Business was
infinitesimal, but good brokers think a turn
Is near unless the Baltimore and Ohio Com
pany should pay no dividend. Berlin sold
Canadian Pacific. The Bank of England re
ceived £150.000 in gold from Australia and lost
£35.000 to Roumanla and £10,000 to Bucharest.
Call money was higher, but the chief demand
of the money market waa the fixtures for over
the half-year. Fllver was 2S.16d on Indian de
mand. . Authorities predict 30d on Indian buy-
Ing, which is now In earnest. America is
withholding supplies.
CLOSING.
Atchison. 24%: Canadian Pacific. S9; Union
Pacific preferred. 72»i; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 72; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda. 7%.
Bar silver, strong, 28 l-16d ' per ounce. Money,
lVi©l?i per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort> 103 2i
Afternoon Session.
Eoard
10 Contra Costa Water - «8 Oft
10 liana Plantation Co 8 17^
15 Hana Plantation Co. b 30 5 50
10 Hana Plantation Co 8 50
50 Makawell <8 SO
13 8 F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
$3000 S P of A bonds 11* «*>
SO Kprrng Valley Water So w)
20 Spring Valley Water, b 5...'. S 3 «a>
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
50 Oil City Petrclenm 17 CO
MINING STOCKS,
Following were the sales in the Pan Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninsr Session.
SCO Best & Belcher. 2S 500 Peer Belcher ".1
300 Ccn Cal & Va..l 55 100 Yellow Jacket.. II
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes CO 100 Pctosi H
100 Crown Point.™ OS 100 Standard 4 M
ZOO Ophir 72 10O Union Con S>
100 Overman 16 3C0 Utah 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con 05' 500 Savage It
2C0 Challenge Con.. H 200 Silver Hill SS
100 Chollar ' 13 j 50 Standard SI*
50 Con Cal & Va..l B 200 Yellow Jacket.. 11
300 Ophir 73i
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 04, 200 Potosl «... JJ
1000 Alta 03 100 Union Con.. .... 19
200 Gould & Curry. 13 1 200 Utah ,.,. „. M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Joaa 2S-4 p. a.
Bid. As*. 1 BMAak,
Alpha 03 03 Justice _ 06 C4
Aita 03 03 Kentue* — — 01
Andes 05 07 j Lady Wasa..... — 03
Belcher 18 17 Mexican - 21 24
Best & Belcher. 28 27 Occidental U 13
Bullion 04 0«:Ophlr It 73
Caledonia 1 C5 1 lilOvermaa 15 XI
Chollar 13 WiPotost IS 13
Challenge Con.. 14 13 Savage 17 13
Confidence 63 70 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va-.l S3 1 SO' Seg Belcher 04 M
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. IS 30
Con New York. 01 — ; Silver Hill 33 33
Eureka Con- — 50! St Louis — 13
Crown Point.... 07 09; Standard 3 90 4 CJ
Exchequer OX 02 Syndicate 07 C3
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Con 19 21
Hale & Norcrs. 26 27!Utah 03 15
juiia 01 MlYellow Jacket.. 11 U
No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 7d; No. 1 California,
6s 10d©6s lid. Futures, steady; July, 6s 8%d;
September, 6s 10%d; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
4s %d; do old. 4s 4d. Futures, steady; July.
4s Ttd; September. 4s 2d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 25. — Clearings, $447, eSO
balances, $.72,546.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, , June 25.— Most ot Portland
wheat buyers are inclined to wait, although
€0c was offered . to-day for both valley and
Walla Walla.
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA, June 25.— The wheat market was a
half cent lower. Blueatem. 61c; club, 59c; both
for export.
# ' *
here. In the South and abroad have been so
effectually rounded up, but inasmuch as the
primary cause for the covering was bonande
influences and not manipulation the uplift was
scored with comparative ease. For several
weeks bad crop reports have been pouring in
from, nearly all' parts of ¦ the belt and the
European bear factions have been restless.
The public manifested an inclination to buy
and leading operators here finally made a bold
stand on the bull side. -Day after day prices
climbed with a dizzy rush. This morning ex
ceptionally strong financial cables and par
ticularly bad reports sent prices on first sales
20 to 25 points upward and forced the few re
maining bear* to seek safer grounds. The
rise proved too fast for One house, Dennis,
Perkins & Co., and at midday its suspension
was reported from the roetrura. The announce
ment created distrust in the bull ranks. It
being feared other concerns might be Involved
and In a frantic effort to unload prices were
pounded down 8 points before the final gong
Bounded. Wherea* the West, the South, Wall
street and Europe had bought on the opening
rise representatives of all these interests were
heavy sellers on the break. Once more jubilant
boars hammered the entire list and called at
tention to better weather prospects and good
crop reports from Texas.' A tumble of 4c in
wheat also operated as a stimulant on ¦ the
selling: movement. Conservative estimates of
the day's transactions placed the amount at
considerably over 1,000.000 bales, the trades
made In many instances reaching many thou
sands of bales in a single operation.' The
feeling after the close of the Exchange was
weak,*the crowds anticipating a bull panic In
Liverpool to-morrow and a less bullish weekly
Government report at noon Tuesday than here
tofore anticipated.
California Fruit Sales.
MONTREAL, Quebec. June 25.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at auc
tion to-day and realized the following prices:
Apricots— Sparks Mammoth. $1 60 single crates.
Plums— Botans, average $1 50 . single crates.
Prunes— Slmoni, $1@1 40 single crates, average
?1 18; Tragedy, Jl 80S2 03, average fl 90. One
car sold to-day.
CHICAGO, June 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's tales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Apricots— Royals, 70c@$l 55
elngle crate, average %X 29. Plums— Burbanks,
CEclcJl 15 single crate, average $1 15; Clymans,
85c Peaches— Hale's Early, average $1 39.
Prunes— Simon!, $1 10@l 45 single crate, aver
age $1 17; Tragedy, $1@1 40, average $1 30.
Seven cars Bold to-day. Weather favorable.
• Porter Bros. Company's Bales: Prunes — Trag
edy and Simonl, $1 sojj'l 60 single crates. Fears
— $1 25@1 35 box. Apricots— Royals, $1 10@l 50
single crates. Plums— Burbanks, $1 03if 1 4a sin
gle crates; Peach. 60c@$l 30; Ogon, $110^120:
Mikado. $1 20; Abundance, 75c@$l 20; Yoeabe,
$1 05@l 15; other varieties, 60®S5c. Peaches-
Hale' s Early, $1 40; Alexander, I'OcffJl 45; Gov
ernor Garland, $1 25; Briggs May, |1 15. Cher
ries—Republican, 70c@$l 50; Tartarians. 75c@
$1 30; Royal Anne, eOcQ^l 20. Seven cars fruit
sold •
NEW YORK. June 25.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Prunes—Trag
edy. $1 40®2; Simonl, S3c(5'$l SO. Plums— Peach,
$1 25Q2 25; Burbank, 75cif$l 25; mixed. $1 15®
1 45; Satsuma. $1 40; Red June, 85c@$l 40; Royal
Hatives. 70c<&$1 50; Abundance. S5cS$l 25; other
varieties, Coclijl. Pears— Wilder, $1 C0@l 70 per
half box; Congress. $170 half box. Peaches—
Brings May, $1 55 box and $1 40@2 20 In car
riers; Hale's. « 20<fjl 50; Alexander, 30c@$l 43
box and 70c single crates. Apricots—Montgam
ets. $1 40; Royals, 90c@$l 30. Cherries— Smith
Bigarreau, $1 40: Black Bigarreau. 40c@l 10; Re
publican, &5c@$l 30; Royal Anne, 70c@$l 15;
Tartarian, 35QW.K:. Figs— Black, £ac@$l 45 box.
PHILADELPHIA, June 25.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day and
realized the following prices: Apricots— Royals,
$1 30@l 65 single crate, average $1 55. Peaches-
Alexanders. 35ci@il 15, average 77c; Hale's
Early, $1@1 30. average $1 06. Plums— Clymans.
65<3S0c, average 77c. Prunes— Slmoni, average
$1 10; Tragedy. $1 55@2 15 single crate, average
II 61. Weather hot. Three cars Bold to-day.
BOSTON, June 23.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit at auction to-day: Plums — Abundance,
$1 4Q©1 W> single crate, average $1 60; Burbanks.
U S0<g'2 30. average $1 57; Red June, U 20@2 90.
averaKe $1 90; Tragedy, 12 10Q3, average %Z 60.
Cherries— Bigurreau, boxes, 40c(§>$l 05, average,
65c; Tartarlana, 6oC@tl 40, average 65c; Royal
Anne. COciS 1 ?! 50, average )L Five cars sold
to-day. Favorable weather.
Exports and Imports for {May.
WASHINGTON. June 23.— The detailed tables
of the Imports and exports for the month of
May and the eleven months of the fiscal year
ending with May have been completed by the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics. They show the
Imports and exports by great classes as fol
lows:
per basket: in bulk. $10®15 per ton: Prunes. 35®
60c t>er crate and 20@40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50®3 per chest for large
and JSffo for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3@5 Der chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None m.
CURRANTS— J2§3 50 per chest. •
FIGS— Per box. 25@33c for single and 40<863o
for double layers.
PEACHES— 30®75c per box and 40@50c per
basket for common and 75c per box for Craw
fords. ".'..'*
GRAPES— From Tuma, $1 73 per crate.
CHERRIES— 50@60c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 50560c. In bulk, 4g6c for black and IS
Be for Royal Anr.e.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllngs. 73c® Jl 50: Med
iterranean Sweets. $1 2302; Valencias. $21*2 75:
Lemons. $1©2 for common and $2 50<@3 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4.9-4 50; Ba
nanas. $1 50@3 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 5OS3 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Apricots are being shaded, as expected. Other
wise there is nothing: new.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6%@7*4c per lb.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes. In sacks.
*@l%c for 40-50's. 3%@3%c for 53-60-s. 3U@3%c
fcr W-70's. 3i&Xfcc for 70-sO"s, 2"ig3c for SKW's
and 2%#2»4c for SO-lOO's. Peaches. 4%®iy 4 c for
Standards. 5c for choice and 5~itf6c for fancy:
Peeled Peaches. 10@12%c; Evaporated Apples.
SUfiCc; gun-dried. 3@4c per lb: Pears, 3%Q4%c
for dark and 74fSc for bright halves: Black
Flg3. l%@2c; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. »%e; Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and tor unnltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. Sc; standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8%c; choice. 7%c: standard. 6%c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
tO-Ib boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
S-crown, . 6*ic: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown $150 per box; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8®0c for Standards and 90
10c for softshells; Almonds. ll%@12e for paper
shell 9@10c for soft and 4^5c for hardshell:
Peanuts, 6%@6%ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Filberts, 12gi2%c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50-J?5.
HONEY— Comb, 12%©13c for bright and 110
12c for light amber: water -white extracted. TV*
4iT%c; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24S28c p«r lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10#10%e. per lb for
heavy. 10Vl@10%c for light medium, lH4c tor
light. 12%c for extra light and 14%c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12313c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily. $14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. $13;
Mess. $1S 50; Smoked Beef. 124813c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SV>c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
i\c; 10-lb tins. i\c; 5-lb tlna. 9ftc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8H@8%c per lb; half
barrels. 8%igS%c; 10-lb tins, 9v; c .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SPIN'S— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%@10c; medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cowhides. 84
©9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Calf, lie:
Dry Hides, . sound, 17c; culls and brands, 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 2C@30c each; short Wool, 35®Wc
each; medium, 70<g90c: Icng Wool. $1@1 25 each:
Horse Hides. $1 7532 for large and 73cQ~l 25 for
Email; Colts, 25®50c. Deerskins— Summer or
red skin?. 37%@40c: fall or medium skins. 32%
@35c; winter or thin eklns, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. EOc; me
dium 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2,
3c; refined, 5%e; grease. 2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follow*:
Northern free. 15@16c: Northern defective 1*9
15c; Middle County, free. Iiirl7c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 12{?13c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. Il<ffl3c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mesdocino.
17@19«: Nevada. 14®17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at &310c per lb; new. 9610c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7@7%c: small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7g7%c; ewes. &S«VjC per
ound.
LAMB— Spring. 8@8%e per Ib.
PORK— Live Hoes, 6c ror small, 5%«5T4e for
medium and 5%'&5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5Vic: dressed Hogs, S@9c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags. 2Sugj2%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bacs, 6y.36%c for
white and 8>,;gs%c for bleacii-d Jute.
.COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington. $8; Seattle, %i;
Bryant. J6; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsend. IS: Cumberland. J12 in bulk
and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracit
f-BS. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per
ton In bu!k and $18 in sacks: Castle Gate and
Kock Sprincs, J.< 4; per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes', per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.80c: Powdered."
5.40c; Candy Granulated, 5.40c; Dry Granulated
5.30c; Confectioners' A, 5.30c; Magnolia A. 4.90c;
Extra C, 4.S0c, Golden C. 4.70c: barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. iOc more;
£0-lb bats. 10c more. N'o orders taken for lesa
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dcminos.
half-barrels, 6.C5c; boxes. 6.3Cc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 23.
Flour, qr sks 27.954 Sugar, sks gSO
Wheat, ctla 2.000|Susar. bbla lu
Barley, ctla - 2.9S0iLime. bbls 273
Oats, ctls.' 2,42OjHides. No 51
Rye. ctls 260 j Quicksilver, flsks 5$
Butter, ctls 5S7i Straw, tons 23
Tallow, ctls JO ! Hay. tons 775
Cheese, ctls S3 Wool, bags io>
Potatoes. wks 2,643jWine. sals 30 259
Onions, sks ilaiLeather. rolls.... *23«
Bran, sks 776 Eggs, dos 14,730
Middlings, sks.... 170'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 13. 607 , Potatoes, sks 352
Wheat, ctls........ 1,360 Bran, sks 4.4'fi
Oats, ctls 8701 •• *• -
•
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTT2STE 26, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
=====
For Shipping Intelligence See Paga
I Eleven.
TO SAIL.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Month Ending: May 31.
IMPORTS. ,
1839. i 1900.
— — — — i
Articles of food and
live animals $24,116,276 $19.267,4S4
Articles In a crude con-
dition for domestic In-
dustry 22,056,703 25,405,915
Articles manufactured
for use In mechanic
arts 6,518,736 7,454.323
Articles manufactured
ready for consump-
tion 8,700,273 10,143,217
Articles of voluntary
. use, luxuries, etc 8,7GS,3S5 ¦ 9,379,794
Total Imports of mer-
chandise $70,160,373 $71,643,735
EXPORTS.
Products of agriculture $52,973,612 $61,333,322
Products of manufac-
ture 30,816,314 40.460.867
Products of mining 2.624,4fl3 3.367.1S5
I'roducts of the forest. 4,219,S44 5,154,613
Products of the fisher-
ies 265,361 237,373
Miscellaneous 347.231 47J.335
Total exports of domes- '
tic merchandise $91,250,S55 $111,307,193
Foreign goods re-ex-
ported 2,590,392 2.207,636
Total exports of mer-
chandise $33,S41,247 $113,514,851
Gold Imports $3,070,265 $3,683,634
Gold exports 2.043.255 12.209.563
11 -Moatns u,n<i s jua
IMPORTS.
1899. 1300.
— '-^-l -
¦ . -. : ;i -
Articles of food and
- live animals J190.727.790 J202.S51.416
Articles In a crude con-
dition (or domestic in- »
dustry 204,957.499 2S2.109.939
Articles manufactured
for us© in the me-
chanic arts ¦ 64.174,112 81,209.610
Articles manufactured
ready for consump-
tion - 99,961,119 118,537,504
Articles of voluntary
use, luxuries, etc 83,670,660 1O4.OS2.220
Total Imports of mer-
chandise . $535,331,180 *7S8.SS0.722
EXPORTS.
Products of agriculture $730,629,264 $778,768,069
Products of manufac-
ture . 8Oe.S54.42S 393.0S9.579
Products of mining 26,098,151 35,235.167
Products o( the forest. 37,079,110 46,556,172
Products of the flsher-
1«, 8 E.7J1.03G 6.0S7.I3S
Miscellaneous 8.163.584 4.640.7S2
Total exports of domes- ]
tic merchandise $1,109,341,573 $1,264,263,007
Foreign ffoods re-ex-
ported .? 21.0S7.5O2 21.9C6.SO1
Total exports of mer-
chandise $1,130,623,073 $1,206,225,808
Gold Imports $85,848,917 $40.S44.6OS
Geld exports 16,613.759 40,173,491
STANISLAUS KIVER AT
iAK
DATE.
Sec<
an
Jtin« Id ..I 22O> I" 5
June n saw 1
June 11 3KS • :
June 12... 4833 i
June 13 3730 !
June 14 33V) J
June 13 r... 3*"J> 1
June 16 303) 1
SAN JOAQUIN' RIVER AT HERNDO. 1
Jur
Jun
2310
2340
B«
1:'25
1730
'N.
! Second Fe
eet
DATE. 1
I 1S33. I IS
>-¦<>.
June 10 9070 \ i
June 11 S33S <
Ju-» 12 ?674 (
June. 13 Sl«6 !
June 14 .'..... T.i-.-* I
Jnne IS 71)90 <
June 16 '. 7QJQ <
5148
6330
6080
J405
4W>
«70
'KINGS RIVER AT RED MOCNTAIX
I Second Fe
eet.
. DATE. I
' I 1S33. ! 13
D00.
June 10 970O t
June 11 NX*** 4
June 12 J0220 4
June 13 xsoo 4
June 14 7fMi> 4
June 15 7600 4
June 16.. i. .../. 73iV» 4
E3S3
4ST»
46S»
4S7»
41H>
4119
I
a.
' 'Tlmel ITlmel ¦ ITlmet Tlnse|
L_ JPt. I— j Ft. I— Ft. ;
Ew few (i- w n wj
Ft.
M
27
1
2
... "S:CO| 1.1 12:05 4.1 4:261 J.I 1D:K'
... 5:42 1.0 1J:M 4.8 B:1SI 3.2 11:22!
... «:23 0.8 1:32 8.0 «:11 J.2, !.
H W t. "W H W L W
... »:CS 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12 5.1 7:0»f
... 0:57 5.1 7:37 0.0 2:5l! 5.1t »:CC,'
... 1:43 4.7 8:10 0.6 3:2S« 5.1 »:01!
... 2:35i 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:02) 5.2| 10:05|
i :
i 3.#
I It
Steamer. I . From. • I Due.
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan* 21
Coos Bay Newport ...j June 2*
Willamette Seattle I June 24
Ferapls Hamburg [June 2*
JN'ashtenaw ...ITaeoma June 27
Crescent City... Crescent City .... June M
Corona ISan Dlesro June 2S
Warfl>ld (Oyster Harbor June 23
Curacao Mexico June 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 23
Nippon Maru .. China and Japan June 23
M> ana Australia —.. June 29
State of Cal.... Portland ......1 Juaa 23
X»wburu IGraj-s Harbor June 23
Potn; Arena....lMend»>ctno June 23
Ronita iN'ewport „.. June 33
CoqulUe River. 'CJrays Hafrbor June 39
Rnbt. AdamsonlN'analmo June 39
Orizaba .... IHumboldt .._.. June 30
Arcata JCoos Bay -....July 1
Acapulco Xew York...*. July 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound July 1
Zealandla Cap« N'ome July t
Portland Cape N'ome July X
Xorth Fork (Humboldt July 1
Santa Rosa ISan Dieiro July 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
Pier.
1
Santa F.o!>a'>an Diego June 28. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoob Bay Jane 28. 12 m Pier 13
North FV>rk|Humboldt June 28. » am Pier a
Columbia .. Portland June 27. 11 am Pier 24
Australia ..Honolulu June 27. J pm Pier 1
Orizaba Humboldt June 27. 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June JS. 9 am'Pler 28
Peru .... Nen Tork June IS. 12 mjPMSS
Corona San Diego June 30. H amjPler U
City Pu<?bla Vic & Pgt Sd. June SO. 11 am Pier i
Doric I China* Japan Jun« JO. 1 pm|PM53
Nome dty.ICape Nome (July 1. 10 ami
Bcnlta Newport (July 2. 9am,Pt«r •
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. (July 8. I pmjPler Z
Newbursr .. Gra3 - s HarboriJuly 2 f
State of Cal Portland (July Z. U ami Pier M
STANISLAUS KIVER AT
iAK
DATE.
Sec<
an
Jtin« Id ..I 22O> I" 5
June n saw 1
June 11 3KS • :
June 12... 4833 i
June 13 3730 !
June 14 33V) J
June 13 r... 3*"J> 1
June 16 303) 1
SAN JOAQUIN' RIVER AT HERNDO. 1
Jur
Jun
2310
2340
B«
1:'25
1730
'N.
! Second Fe
eet
DATE. 1
I 1S33. I IS
>-¦<>.
June 10 9070 \ i
June 11 S33S <
Ju-» 12 ?674 (
June. 13 Sl«6 !
June 14 .'..... T.i-.-* I
Jnne IS 71)90 <
June 16 '. 7QJQ <
5148
6330
6080
J405
4W>
«70
'KINGS RIVER AT RED MOCNTAIX
I Second Fe
eet.
. DATE. I
' I 1S33. ! 13
D00.
June 10 970O t
June 11 NX*** 4
June 12 J0220 4
June 13 xsoo 4
June 14 7fMi> 4
June 15 7600 4
June 16.. i. .../. 73iV» 4
E3S3
4ST»
46S»
4S7»
41H>
4119
Month Ending: May 31.
IMPORTS. ,
1839. i 1900.
— — — — i
Articles of food and
live animals $24,116,276 $19.267,4S4
Articles In a crude con-
dition for domestic In-
dustry 22,056,703 25,405,915
Articles manufactured
for use In mechanic
arts 6,518,736 7,454.323
Articles manufactured
ready for consump-
tion 8,700,273 10,143,217
Articles of voluntary
. use, luxuries, etc 8,7GS,3S5 ¦ 9,379,794
Total Imports of mer-
chandise $70,160,373 $71,643,735
EXPORTS.
Products of agriculture $52,973,612 $61,333,322
Products of manufac-
ture 30,816,314 40.460.867
Products of mining 2.624,4fl3 3.367.1S5
I'roducts of the forest. 4,219,S44 5,154,613
Products of the fisher-
ies 265,361 237,373
Miscellaneous 347.231 47J.335
Total exports of domes- '
tic merchandise $91,250,S55 $111,307,193
Foreign goods re-ex-
ported 2,590,392 2.207,636
Total exports of mer-
chandise $33,S41,247 $113,514,851
Gold Imports $3,070,265 $3,683,634
Gold exports 2.043.255 12.209.563
11 -Moatns u,n<i s jua
IMPORTS.
1899. 1300.
— '-^-l -
¦ . -. : ;i -
Articles of food and
- live animals J190.727.790 J202.S51.416
Articles In a crude con-
dition (or domestic in- »
dustry 204,957.499 2S2.109.939
Articles manufactured
for us© in the me-
chanic arts ¦ 64.174,112 81,209.610
Articles manufactured
ready for consump-
tion - 99,961,119 118,537,504
Articles of voluntary
use, luxuries, etc 83,670,660 1O4.OS2.220
Total Imports of mer-
chandise . $535,331,180 *7S8.SS0.722
EXPORTS.
Products of agriculture $730,629,264 $778,768,069
Products of manufac-
ture . 8Oe.S54.42S 393.0S9.579
Products of mining 26,098,151 35,235.167
Products o( the forest. 37,079,110 46,556,172
Products of the flsher-
1«, 8 E.7J1.03G 6.0S7.I3S
Miscellaneous 8.163.584 4.640.7S2
Total exports of domes- ]
tic merchandise $1,109,341,573 $1,264,263,007
Foreign ffoods re-ex-
ported .? 21.0S7.5O2 21.9C6.SO1
Total exports of mer-
chandise $1,130,623,073 $1,206,225,808
Gold Imports $85,848,917 $40.S44.6OS
Geld exports 16,613.759 40,173,491
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
Pier.
1
Santa F.o!>a'>an Diego June 28. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoob Bay Jane 28. 12 m Pier 13
North FV>rk|Humboldt June 28. » am Pier a
Columbia .. Portland June 27. 11 am Pier 24
Australia ..Honolulu June 27. J pm Pier 1
Orizaba Humboldt June 27. 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June JS. 9 am'Pler 28
Peru .... Nen Tork June IS. 12 mjPMSS
Corona San Diego June 30. H amjPler U
City Pu<?bla Vic & Pgt Sd. June SO. 11 am Pier i
Doric I China* Japan Jun« JO. 1 pm|PM53
Nome dty.ICape Nome (July 1. 10 ami
Bcnlta Newport (July 2. 9am,Pt«r •
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. (July 8. I pmjPler Z
Newbursr .. Gra3 - s HarboriJuly 2 f
State of Cal Portland (July Z. U ami Pier M
Steamer. I . From. • I Due.
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan* 21
Coos Bay Newport ...j June 2*
Willamette Seattle I June 24
Ferapls Hamburg [June 2*
JN'ashtenaw ...ITaeoma June 27
Crescent City... Crescent City .... June M
Corona ISan Dlesro June 2S
Warfl>ld (Oyster Harbor June 23
Curacao Mexico June 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 23
Nippon Maru .. China and Japan June 23
M> ana Australia —.. June 29
State of Cal.... Portland ......1 Juaa 23
X»wburu IGraj-s Harbor June 23
Potn; Arena....lMend»>ctno June 23
Ronita iN'ewport „.. June 33
CoqulUe River. 'CJrays Hafrbor June 39
Rnbt. AdamsonlN'analmo June 39
Orizaba .... IHumboldt .._.. June 30
Arcata JCoos Bay -....July 1
Acapulco Xew York...*. July 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound July 1
Zealandla Cap« N'ome July t
Portland Cape N'ome July X
Xorth Fork (Humboldt July 1
Santa Rosa ISan Dieiro July 1
I
a.
' 'Tlmel ITlmel ¦ ITlmet Tlnse|
L_ JPt. I— j Ft. I— Ft. ;
Ew few (i- w n wj
Ft.
M
27
1
2
... "S:CO| 1.1 12:05 4.1 4:261 J.I 1D:K'
... 5:42 1.0 1J:M 4.8 B:1SI 3.2 11:22!
... «:23 0.8 1:32 8.0 «:11 J.2, !.
H W t. "W H W L W
... »:CS 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12 5.1 7:0»f
... 0:57 5.1 7:37 0.0 2:5l! 5.1t »:CC,'
... 1:43 4.7 8:10 0.6 3:2S« 5.1 »:01!
... 2:35i 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:02) 5.2| 10:05|
i :
i 3.#
I It
fc* NEW LOT. 5^
23 U0 P^ 0^^^ 3 -
At ealesyard 1'32 Market st.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successors to KUllp & Co.
AUCTION SALESPRINCESS STARTS FOR THE
BIG STOCKTON STREET FAIR
Drowned in Elk Slough.
SACRAMENTO. June 25.— Word was
received in this city to-day that on Sun
day, afternoon George "W. Knowlton, a
ranch hand,, was drowned in Elk Slough,
across the river from Courtland. The body
v,;_? recovered to-day.
That Hospital Cat Killing.
Secretary Charles Ilolbrook and Special
Officer Matthew McCurry of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
paid a visit to the City and- County Hos
pital yesterday for the purpose of Investi
gating the cat hilling, which is said to
have taken place at that ir.ptitmion. The;
object cf these officials in yltitLng the i
GOOD EECOEDS KADE.
ment of the Pastime Gun Club.
E^ecJal Dlrnatch to The Cal!.
Close of the Second Annual Tourna-
8AN T DIEGO, June 23.— The second an- I
nual tournament of the Pastime Gun I
Club closed this evening, there having {
been ten Fhoots ea<-h day. The honors j
vere won by the visiting sportsmen from j
Los AngrcJes and Santa Ana. Vaughn of !
Santa. Ana. made the highest average for '
the ttro days and Mattf.eld of Los An- j
peles tock. second place, besides winning
the Fano trophy, a silver cup, emblem- !
aXlc of the championship of Southern
Ca-ifcrnia. The days were Ideal for j
sbootinjr. and the records made were a
little less than remarkable, as the win- I
ners In the contests nearly made all
ptralpht scores, and in no ca.«e <Ud the
winner fall further than two from the j
poFsilile. ;
Chick. Ecker, Eeofield. Sarpent Fano
and others of the local sportsmen shot !
well Into the monev each time and car
ried off the honors in some of the shoots.
und Van Valkonbcrp of .Ivos Angeles and
K :.¦).'¦¦•'•: of Jerome. Ariz., were also
classed among the hiprh g-uns. Vaughn
carries the Fano trophy to Santa Ana,
but It will be shot for at the Pastime
Club's tournament next year, when the
•winner of the' trophy this year will re
ceive all the entrance money.
r*o.iy-_--gh.t Speedy Dog-s Will Chase
tie Hares for Valuable
Prizes.
The usual midweek stake of closely
matched do*rs was firawn at Pythian Cas
tle last night. Cours'.ng will begin on
the arrival of the 11 o'clock train Fol
lowing was the result of the drawing:
Ml-Treek stake, forty-eight «ritrieB— Pasha
Kennels' Rounfiabou* ve. J. M. Halton names
Tie-Tac; BarUlg Bros.' Eoer Brewer vg. Pasha
Kecne!«* Kapld Addition; P. Cronin'g Master
Gordon v». Cfciarinl Brr*.' X<-nobia; J. P.
Thrift'* Pt. Michael v«. Ocorp-e Shaimaa
r._^rw_ VTait-a-Blt; Irwin & Lycn's Sliver
Wing. v» Curtis & Fon's Old Glcry; J. H. W.
MullerV Moonttone v». n. P. Julian's Sweet
_Jue1c: r». Winders names Lundin Links vs. D.
Croaln names I^-ar Kjn_-; Jarn<»s nx>an'ji Gal
tast v». M. Loafion'e Matr.cto; Barteld Bros."
Uarca Blood vs. Connell Brof.' Clover; Chi
».'.-.'. Bros.' Kane* vs. J. W. Lechter names
Fandow; Oonnell E#-oc." Lo>»? Boy vs A. John
ton's Bald Eaele; J. W. Banner"! Wild Xr.ra
vs. Bartels Bro?.* BctFy P.arrow; J. L Koss'
J L R vs. M. Dunlra's Erin; Jame* Dean
r.aroee I>a<3y Clare vs. J. J. Kenny's Winnlnz
La*ele: J. H. W. Mallei'- Cruiser vs. Pat
Dcylc'e Wnit« Fern: Jeff Martfnett's Slim vs.
F. A. McCcmb'j Motto; Connell Bro«.' Gocl
By» v«. P. Pringle name* Oa^h In; t-'terl _»
Knowiea' Frosty Morn v«. IX. E. de B. Lor>p_
A Son't 'Vl"a4i(5a: A. I- Auttin'F Thr>rn4aie vs.
R. E «e B. Loi« & Son's Minnie Wa-Wa;
D Winders names Nancy R xa. Pasha Ken
r.ele' May Heropsteatf; Gus Abercrombie'a Rock
Island Boy vs. Etcrl & Knowing" Slfety Miet;
Fterl & Knovrles' Hasty G>ld v«. P. Dinrle
names Storm Klnjr: J. P. Thrift's Korx-et vs.
Je!T Martinett'e Bs£U« Brass; J. Dlxon's Lady
Bc_s vs. B. L. Taylor r.ames B^euty Spot.
MIDWEEK STAKE TO BE
RUN AT UNION PARK
George Maxfield Kills His Wife at
Lake Union and Ends His
Life.
SEATTLE, June 25.— George Maxfleld, a
common laborer, shot and killed his wife
and then committed suicide on the shore
of Lake Union early this morning. They
had not been living together.
The crime was caused by drink and
jealousy. Maxfield lay In wait for his
victim at a place he knew she would pass
on her way to her worx. in a steam
laundry.
RAILWAY EMPLOYES MEET.
First Anrmai .Convention of the Colo
rado Unions.
PUEBLO, Colo., June 25.— The first an
nual convention of the railroad employes
of Colorado met here to-day. Sessions
were held with closed doors. Six organi
zations were represented as follows:
Telegraphers, * engineers. conductors,
switchmen, firemen and trainmen.
Resolutions were adopted condemning
the action of Congress In refusing to pub
lish the testimony taken before the Coeur
d'Aleno Investigation committee. Also
that a national organization be formed
with a view to controlling the selection
of representatives in Congress and State
Legislatures.
KAISEB NOT ATTACKED.
False Rumor in Berlin of Attempted
.Assassination. .; . ; '
BERLIN, June 25.— A rumor was cir
culated in Berlin and other cities to-day
that an attempt had been made to as
sassinate Emperor William. The Kiel
police declare it to be pure fiction.
His Majesty telegraphed condolences to
Emiwrcr Nicholas upon the death of
Count Muravieff, Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, adding an expression of
his satisfaction that Russians and Ger
mans had received a baptism of firo while
st-_ading shoulder to shoulder at Taku.
Must Remain in Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, June 25. — Superior Judge
Ar.gellottl this morning gave a decision in
the case of William H. Prather on habeas
corpus. Prather is serving a ten-year sen
tence in San Quentin on a charge
of grand larceny committed in Yolo
County. He stole fifty packs of wheat
and took them to Sacramento County,
where he was arrested and convicted. He
sought to be released on the ground that
the information upon which he was tried
did not give the Sacramento courts juris
diction over him. Judge Angellotti found
that the Jurisdiction vested in Sacramento
County and that the information was suf
ficient, and the writ was discharged and
Prather was remanded to the custody of
the Warden of San Quentin.
Flood Pleads Guilty.
LOS ANGELES. June 25.— R. J. Flood
pleaded guilty to grand larceny in the
Superior Court here to-day. He will be
sentenced on Wednesday next. Flood
stole a satchel containing a large sum
of money from a lady who had been
thrown from a bicycle. He is a soldier
with an excellent record. He served with
the regulars of the Seventh United States
Cavalry and was at Pine Ridge, Woundea
Knee and other battles with the Indians.
He also eerved in the late Spanish-Ameri
can war.
FRANCIS FERDINAND
RENOUNCES A THRONE
For a Woman's Love the Austrian
Heir Apparent Relinquishes
His Succession.
VIENNA, June 25.— It is officially an
nounced that Archduko Francis Ferdi-
nand, the Austrian heir apparent, will
formally renounce the right of succession
to the imperial throne on Thursday next.
On the following day he will wed the
Countess Sophie Cholek. his morganatic
marriage being the reason for which he
will withdraw from the succession.
JEALOUSY CAUSES
MURDER AND SUICIDE
Reddy Still Fights Death.
Attorney Patrick Reddy still lingers be
tween life and death at his home, 2717
Pacific avenue. Early this morning Dr.
Albert Abrams, who is flgrhting for his
patient, stated that the chances for Mr.
Reddy's recovery are extremely slim.
Falls Between Two Box Cars and Is
Crushed Under the Wheels.
LOS ANGELES, June 25.— John J.
Lucey, about 4C years old, a freight con
ductor In the employ of the Southern Pa
cific, was ground to death to-night near
Shorb station. The body was horribly
mangled and death was instantaneous.
As the train approached the station
Lucey left the caboose and started for
ward" over the boxcar3. The train was
slowing up and the cars were close to
gether. Just as Lucey was about to step
from the fifth to the sixth car the en
gine gave a jerk and the cars stretched
out to the full limit allowed by the coup
lings. He missed his footing and fell un
der the wheels, five cars and the ca
boose passing over his body.
FIGHT AT GWIN MINE.
Aged Miner Stabs a Fellow Workmen
Eleven Times.
JACKSON, June 25. — A miner named
Hamby, 70 years old, stabbed a fellow
miner, Fred Butcher, eleven times with
a miners' candlestick at tho Gwin mine
last night. Both men worked at the Gwin
and ascended the shaft together at the
change of shift. The quarrel arose over
an old coat which Butcher was wearing.
Hamby said it belonged to him. Butcher
told him to take it If it was his. Hamby.
it Is said, wanted him to pay him the
price of a new one, which Butcher re
fused to do. Reaching the top of the
shaft, Hamby struck at Butcher first
with a dinner bucket, afterward using &
miner's candlestick, with which he In
flicted eleven distinct wounds, mostl>
about the breaEt and abdomen. On*
wound penetrated the abdominal cavity
and another pierced his lung.
Dr. Endicott of Jackson attended
Butcher. He thinks tho chances are fa
vorable for recovery. Hamby Is an old
resident of Mokelumne Hill, where he haa
a family. He is said to be easily pro
voked and dangerous when excited. He
was arrested and taken to San Andreaa.
FIREBUG AT WORK.
Attempt Made to) Destroy the Town
of Mokclurnne Sill.
ANGEL-S CAMP, June 23.— An attempt
was made to fire the town of Mokelumne
Hill last Thursday night, but the vigil
ance of John Albright, -who was sitting
up with a sick friend, frustrated the
scheme before the fire was well started.
He had returned to his room to get an
overcoat when a bright light attracted his
attention. On investigation he found a
candle propped up against a pitchplne
board and the whole contrivance covered
with lard. The l>oard had already caught
and in a few minutes the whole neighbor
hood would have been a mass of flame.
There is no clew to tho flre ilend.
m
LEWIS DEFEATS WOOD.
San Franciscan Counters to the Santa
Cruzan's Jaw.
STOCKTON, June 23.— Henry Lewis of
San Francisco knocked out Bert Woods
of Santa Cruz to-night In the third round
of what was to have been a 20-round ftght.
They were very clever, and well matched,
but Lewis took advantage of an openinjr
and right crossed Woods on the point of
the Jaw.
Ben Hart of this city knocked out Mike
Eagan of Ban Francisco^ in the third
round.
Eddie Toy put Gene' Mulligan to sleep
in tho eighth round after the latter had
taken a lot of punishment.
NO HOPE FOB A CEOP.
Wheat in Manitoba Fields Will Not
Be Cut ¦ "
WINNIPEG, Man., June 25.— Of 1.800,00!)
acres under wheat, one million acres will
never be cut. Rains cannot now change
a stunted crop six to eight inches high
and' a small head into a crop. - The more
optimistic hope . for - seed and feed. - but
this is doubtful. This was the hottest
day of the year. . .
Brings Gold and Passengers and Re
ports the Loss of the Schooner
Alaskan. \
SEATTLE, "Wash., June 26. — The
steamer Cleveland arrived from Cape
Nome at 1:30 this morning with fifteen
pasEengers and a nominal amount of
gold. She reports a severe storm at
Nome on June 6, in which the schooner
Alaskan. from San FVanclsco, was
beached and is a total loss. Her pas
sengers were saved by the revenue cut
ter Bear. She also has news of the %
wreck of the small sloop Gipsy in the
same storm and two of her crew were
drowned. One was named Scotty Stew
art.
FREIGHT CONDUCTOR
LUCEY MEETS DEATH
STEAMER CLEVELAND
ARRIVES FROM NOME
Be Witt Clinton's Nemesis.
The case of Angelina M. Abbott, charged
with assault to murder in shooting De
Witt Clinton, the actor, on the night of
June 14, was again called in Judge Mo
pan's court yesterday. A certificate from
l>r. McGettigan to the effect that Clinton
would be unable to appear in court for
two or three weeks yet was presented
and a continuance was granted till July
13, At the request of the defendant's at
torney the Judge reduced her bonds from
$1000 to $500.
SEEKS PAYMENT FOR
"MAGNETIZING" GRAY
Mrs. R. Fraser, a Specialist. Brings
Salt Against & Co-Oinisslozi
Merchant.
Because she could not collect a cent of
her bill for two hours" daily massaging
of James M. Gray, the "Washington street
commission merchant, for a period of
three month* Mrs. R. ITraser. a magnetic
cure specialist, living- at 2313 Howard
street, brought suit against the merchant
for $150 in Justice Groezlnger'B Court yes
terday. After hearing the arguments tho
Judge put the case over for a week.
SACRAMENTO, June 25.-Jaraes Welch,
an old man who for years has lived on
his ranch near Kreeport, died to-day from
the effects of a dose of rough on rats,
self-administered. The deceased was of
unsound mind and had frequently avowed
his intention of committing ruiclde. He
was 66 years of age and a native of Ire
land.
Suicide of an Old Man.
SAN DIEGO, June 25.— The jury in the
case of the people against Harry Lynnell
was out only twenty-seven minutes to
day before returning a verdict of not
guilty. Lynnell was accused of the mur
der-of L. L. Roberts on the 25th of last
February. The two had been quarreling
and both had also been drinking. Roberta
had abused Lynneil by calling him names
and by standing out in front of his store
and berating people. He had also threat
ened Lynnell with a knife, which the lat
ter had taken away from him. Finally
Roberts was knecked down, and his head
striking on the edge of the curb a fracture
of the skull resulted, which caused death
the following: mornlngr. Judge Hughes re
fused to instruct on the question of mur
der, and hinted In his instructions that a
Qase of manslaughter had not been made
out.
Lynnell Acquitted.
Siwial Dlepatch to The Call
Oil Stove Causes Serious Fire.
The explosion of a coal oil stove in the
residence of Mrs. A. Halth at 713 Bush
street caused damage to the building and
its contents amounting to nearly $2000 yes
terday afternoon. The inmates of the
room barely escaped being burned by the
blazing oil and it was with difficulty that
they escaped from the house. Fireman
Kline of Engine 3 while chopping boards
on the burning structure wd.s struclc in
the leg by an ax and slightly Injured.
Says Second Place Must Go to a Man.
in Thorough Accord With
the Platform.
LINCOLN*, Nebr., June 25.— W. J. Bryan
returned at noon to-day from his Wis
consin fishing trip and his later visit to
Chicago. He will remain in Lincoln until
after the Democratic National Conven
tion. He said he had been, placed in a
wrong position by some one who had pre
sumed to outline his plan of campaign
and dictated, the following;
"Any statements made by anybody in,
regaro. to my campaign plans are with
out foundation or authority. No plans
have been made by me or any ono for me,
and no plans will bo made until after the
convention nas been held." ¦ -*-x
Mr. Bryan was asked whether he could
say anything: in regard to the platform
to be adopted at Kansas City. He re
plied:
"No one, of course, can say what lan
guage will be used in Betting forth the
party principles. But some idea can be
obtained as to the general tenor of the*
platform from the platform adopted in
the State conventions. As a large ma
jority of the delegates have been elected
by conventions wnich reaffirmed the Chi
cago platform, it is safe to assume that
the Ivansas City platform will reafllnn
the Chicago platform and will contain
nothing which can be construed as a sur
render or modification of that platform
on the old issues.
"It is equally certain that there will
be a strong and deiinite plank against
the trusts. There is also no doubt that
the plank against imperialism will be
clear and explicit. Militarism will be de
nounced and sympathy expressed for tho
Boers. This much is evident from what
has already taken place."
"You have refused to discuss the Vice
Presidency heretofore, Mr. Bryan. Is
there any truth in the rumors that a Vice
President will be chosen whose views on
the money question will be attractive to
those who opposed the ticket in 1S96?"*'
"It is true that I have refused to dis
cuss the Vice Presidency," replied Mr.
Bryan, "and I don't care to do so now,
further than to say that I assume that
the candidate nominated for Vice Presi
dent will be in harmony with the plat
form. The Vice President not only pre
sides over the Senate while the President
is alive, but assumes the office of Pres
ident in case of the President's death,
and It Is hardly probable that the dele
gates to a nutlonal convention would
¦write a platform and then select for eith
er place on a ticket a man who would
repudiate the platform. *
"No man worthy to be considered for
such an office would accept a nomination
upon a platform repugnant to his views
on anv important issue. In every cam
paign men support a ticket without ap
proving all of the platform, but none can
defend a platform unless he believes in it.
Many tariff reform gold Democrats sup
ported the Republican ticket four years
ago, although they dissented from the
protection plank. • But the Republican
convention would not have nominated a
tariff reformer upon a protection plat
form. There Is sometimes a Joint debate
between candidates on opposing tickets,
but* not between candidates on tho same
ticket." :. -.-
VIEWS OF BRYAN ON
THE VICE PRESIDENCY
Thrown Into a Savine,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 25.— Mrs. Annie
Smith and Miss Elizabeth Ingerman had
a nasxow escape from death at Bolinas
yesterday. While driving down a hill
Body of a Young Woman Found in
the River Near Isleton.
SACRAMENTO, June 2S.-The body of
a young woman named Mrs. Viera was
found in the river to-day near Isleton, in
tho lower end of this county. Coroner
McMullen is now there and will hold an
inquest to-morrow.
The neighbors say she and her husband
had been quarreling and since she dis
appeared a few days ago he has told per
sons she was* at home. To-night it ia re
ported that there is a wound on h*r head.
The feeling Is gaining ground that some
body murdered her. The autopsy to-mor
row will determine. . ; £ ;
__CAY HAVE BEEN" MTTRDERED.
Trusties Cannot Be Forced to Grant
Him a License.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 23.— Judge Angel
lotti In the Superior Court this morning
gave a decision in the mandate proceed
ing brought by Charles E. Ames against
the Town Trustees of Sausallto to com
pel them to issue him a pool selling li
cense. In his. decision Judge Angellotti
held that pool selling was against public
morals, and that those who wished to
engage In the so-called business could ex
pect no aid from the law. In his decision
he cited many cases where the courts
had held betting and pool selling to b»
contrary to public morals. The decision
was given on the broader ground. The
court seemed to doubt that the Sausalito
ordinance was valid, but said that the
question could not be considered in tho
present case.
The demurrer of the Town Trustees was
sustained and Ames* application for a
writ of mandate was denied.
Henry C. McPike, attorney for Ames,
seemed pleased with the decision, al
though against him, and said: "Mr
Ames will probably start his poolrooms
In Sausalito. If a fight Is made against
him by the other pool sellers, they will
simply be closing their own doors."
. It is unlikely that Ames will ask for
the consent of the Trustees, but will trust
to his ability to prove the ordinance un
constitutional. If the pool sellers fight
Sausalito may lose the business.
Judg« Gaddis Hands Down a Lengthy
Decision in Which He Says the
Signature Is Genuine,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 25.— Judge Gaddis
to-day rendered a lengthy decision in the
Johns estate case, sustaining the validity
of the $10,000 note, which, for nearly three
weeks, has been the source of. sensational
litigation.
G. XV. Johns died on the 26th of Novem
ber, 1898. He left a larg-e and valuable es
tate, most of which is in Colusa County.
By the terms of the will Elizabeth J.
Gregory and Polly Ann Friel, his two
daughters, and the Allen brothers, sons
of a deceased daughter, were the heirs.
Elizabeth J. Gregory and her eon,
George W. Gregory, were named as exec
utors without bonds.
Several months after the death of Johns
George W. Gregory presented a note for
JlO.OOu, purported to have been executed
by Johns in favor of George W. Gregory
and his sister, Mary Gregory. The other
executor allowed the claim and the court
approved.
Mrs. Frlel and Tandy Allen filed a peti
tion for the suspension of the powers of
the executors, alleging that the note was
a forgery.
When this petition was heard a great
mass of testimony was heard. Experts
Kytka and Eisenschimel testified that
the signature was a clumsy forgery. Ex
pert Ames testified that it was genuine.
Both sides were reinforced by the expert
testimony of lesser lights.
Messrs. Deligne. Ball and Hiram John
son appeared for contestants. Messrs.
Grant, Hawkins and Grove L. Johnson
represented the executors. The case was
contested with great stubbornness.
In concluding his lengthy decision Judge
Gaddis says:
I have given the case mature and careful
consideration, and particularly on account of
the large sum of money involved, as well as
the charg-e of forgery which has been made.
After a deliberation which fully satisfies me of
the correctness of this decision, I must say
that I have not the slightest doubt that the
¦signature to the note Is In the handwriting of
O. W. Johns.
There is no doubt that the case will be
appealed.
AMES IX)SES.
VALIDITY OF THE
JOHNS NOTE SUSTAINED
SACRAMENTO. June 25.— Al Llndley.
secretary of the State League of Repub
lican Clubs, to-day received from Alden
Anderson, president of the organization,
his list of committees appointed as per in
structions from thf; State convention of
Republican Clubs which recently met at
Los Angeles. The chairmen are as fol
lows:
Executive committee — First ¦ Congressional
District, T. I*. Carothers, Uklah; Second, Wil
liam M. Sims, Sacramento; Third. O. R.
Lukens. Oakland; Fourth, Joseph ' Spear, San
Francisco; Fifth. Henry C. Dibble. San Fran
cisco; Sixth, Arthur -W. Kenney, Los Angeles;
Seventh, W. R. Guy, San Diego.
Finance committee— First Congressional Dis
trict, Allen B. Lemon, Santa Rosa; Second,
Joseph M. Anderson, Sacramento; Third,
Charles' M. Belshaw. Antloch; Fourth, <3. Bacl
galupi.. San Francisco; Fifth, I. J. Truman,
San Francisco; Sixth. L. Havelin, Los Ange
les; Seventh, M. J. Daniels. Riverside.
Club work and organization — Alameda
County, James M. Oliver, Oakland: Amador,
E. C. Voorhies, Sutter Creek; Calaveras, C. It.
Fontana, Copperopolls; Contra Costa, Robert
Borland. Martinez; Colusa, Ernest Wyand, Co
lusa; El Dorado, Charles A. Swlsler, Placer
ville; • Fresno, Truman Hart. Fresno; Glenn,
Oval Plrkey, Willows; Humboldt, T. Selveage,
Eureka; Kern. S. C. Smith. Bakersfield; Lake,
George Pardee, Kelseyville: Lo« Angeles, Wal
ter S. Melick, Pasadena; Marln. J. W. Ather
ton, Novato,; Mendocino, William Coombs, IJt
tle River; Monterey, W. McCallon. Salinas;
Napa. Robert Corlett. Napa; Nevada, w. g.
Robinson. Grass Valley; Orange, O. Z. Hub
bell, Ontario; Placer, Howard T. Power. Au
burn; Plumas, Judge O. G. dough, Qulncy
Riverside, George Frost, Riverside; Sacramento,
W.H. Govern, Sacramento; San Benito, M. C.
Biggs Jr.. San Juan; San Bernardino, Scipio
Cralu. Hedlands; San Francisco, A. G. Booth
Ban Francisco: San Joaquin, Colvln B. Brown,
Stockton; Santa Clara. Walter A. Clark,' Moun
tain View; Santa Cruz. George R. Radcllffe,
Watsonvllle; Sisklyou. Robert Nixon Jr.,Yreka;
Solano. Oscar Scnulze. Dixon; Sonoma, Duncan
E. McKinlay, Santa Rosa; Stanislaus, Mr.
Walthall. Modesto; Tehama, C. R. Mayhew,
Red Bluff; Trinity, W. H. Labaree. Weaver
vllle:, Tulare, A. J. Pillsbury. Tulare; Tuol
umne. A. - M. „ McDonald, Sonora: Ventura. C.
B. Greenwell. Hueneme; Yolo. William Rus
eell* Duvisvllle; Yuba, C. O. Raub, Meridian.
COMMITTEEMEN NAMED
BY ALDEN ANDERSON
World to End This Year.
This Is the recent decision of one of the
prominent societies of the world, but the exact
day has not yet been fixed upon, and , while
there are very few people who believe this
prediction, there are thousands of other* who
not only, believe, but know that Hosteller's
Stomach Bitters is the beat medicine to cure
dyspepsia. . indigestion, constipation, bilious
ness or liver ana kidney trouble-. A fair trial
will certainly convince you of its value.
Progressive Minds Held Council.
There was a special meeting of pro
gressive minds at South San Francisco
last night. The object of the meeting
was to discuss the necessity of having
a new and adequate school building erect
ed in that locality. Several speaukere ad
dressed the meeting, among whom were
Charles Milly. H. C. Mangles, C. Stader,
A. S. Lillie. J. P. Tuohey, C. F. Kimball.
P. Harrington, J. P. O'Connor and F. H.
Qualman. At the conclusion of the ad
dresses a committee consisting of P. Har
rington. J. P. O'Connor. F. H. Qualman.
C. Milly and A. S. Lillie was appointed
to bring the subject before the proper
authorities.
c=jj=HERE was "cannon to the right of
them, cannon to the left of them"
][ and an elephant behind them on the
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer J. D. Peters last
night. In consequence the stevedores
worked as they never did in their lives be
fore, and the ship got away sharp on time.
Two cannons, relics of the Sapnish war,
found a resting place on the port bow of
the steamer, while Cannon, the fat man,
was located In the forward stateroom on
the starboard bide. This kind of evened
up things, and when the elephant came
along there was little or no trouble.
The elephant is known as the "Prin
cess." and two attempts have been made to
send her to Stockton. Princess has a mind
of her own, and on neither the Dauntless
nor Captain Weber would she set a foot.
The people on the Weber and Dauntless
several times, but always found It up to
the requirements. Chief Steward Denni
son laid in an extra supply of delicacies,
while Purser Blodgett had to refuse at
least a hundred permits to visit "her
majesty" in the quarters assigned her be
hind the smokestack.
Princess. Cannon and the cannons are
all bound to the Stockton street fair, and
it was touch and go with them yesterday.
The elephant just squeezed under the
archway of the lower deck in the Peters,
Cannon just squeezed into the largest
doorway on the steamer, while the other
cannons managed to keep the steamer on
an even keel.
Had it not been for Sergeant Tom Ma
honey of the haibor police the small boys
and the curious might have made trouble.
The crowd was kept back, however, and
Agent Clerk's arrangements were so per
fect that Princess, Wallace and Cannon
were aboard and in seclusion before the
crowd knew what was the matter.
say it is a case of personal liking, and
that debonnair Charley Clark, the popular
agent, and Chief Freight Clerk Oser of the
"old line," Chief Steward Fred Dennison
and Purser W. C. Blodgett went out of
their way to win the affections of the ele
phant and get her to travel on their boat.
Be that as it may. Princess either would
not or could not board the Dauntless or
Weber, but yesterday she walked down
the gangplank of the J. D. Peters as
though it was an everyday occurrence.
Princess has been one of the attractions
at the Chutes for several weeks past She
and Wallace, "the man-eating lion," Can
non, the strong man. and several other
attractions have kept the crowds amused,
but now that the Stockton street fair Is
well under way the lion and the elephant
and the minor attractions are bound
thither. Princess weighs 4600 pounds, and
in consequence Agent Clark had a special
gangway built to accommodate her. Chief
Freight Clerk Oser tested the structure
THE ELEPHANT PRINCESS ENJOYS HER RECEPTION ON THE PETERS.
California Pioneers' Election,
The annual election of the Society of
California Pioneers will be held on July
7. Polls open at 9 o'clock in the morning
and close at 5 in the afternoon. The nom
inating commjttee elected by the society
en June 4 has selected the following
ticket: For president, E. W. McKinstry;
vice presidents— Walter Van Dyke, San
Francisco; James Palache, San Francisco;
William Simpson, Alameda: George
Hagar, Colusa; D. O. Mills, New YorK.
Treasurer, F. \V. Tallant; marshal, Wil
liam L.. Duncan; directors— A. R. Cotton.
J. H. Jewett. H. 1*. Tilden, E. M. Root,
H. B. Russ, E. T. Kruse, William Z. Tif
fany. Allen Knight. W. C. Gibbs.
OAKLAND WATER
CONTEST IN THE
SUPREME COURT
Arguments Made and the
Matter Taken Under
Advisement.
Another 6tep was taken yesterday by
the people of Oakland in their struggle
with the Contra Costa Water Company
when arguments were heard by Chief
Justice Beatty and Justices Van Dyke,
McFarland. Harrison and Temple of the
Supreme Court upon the writ of prohi
bition applied for by the city of Oak
land against E. C. Hart. Judge of the
Superior Court of Sacramento County, to
prevent him from considering the ques
tion of water rates as fixed by the Oak
land City Council. The court took the
matter under advisement. «
Robert Y.-Hayne appeared for the city
cf Oakland. Garret McEnerney for Judge
Hart and K. J. McCutcheon for the Con
tra Costa Water Company. The com
pany was not nominally a party to the
petition for the writ of prohibition, but
Mr. -JcCutcheon asked that the Justices
come u a decision as soon as conven
ient, for the reason that it was desired
to have the rate case begun before the
lirst day of July.
At a meeting of the Fourth of July
committee last night two circulars wero
prepared, one being a call to the public
for individual decorations and th_ other
an invitation to all civic societies to par
ticipate in the parade. The first circular
reads:
The Fourth of July Committee of Eighteen.
appointed thU year by the Hon. James E>.
Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco, promises th»
city a creditable celebration of our national
holiday without soliciting a single subscrip
tion from San Francisco's patriotic citizena.
The occasion will Include a street parade un
der the marshalshlp of General It. H. Warfleld.
In view of the welcome announcement that no
contribution of money will be sought for this
purpose the committee deems It especially in
order to request all good citizens to display
conspicuously tha country's flag and to deco
rate becomingly the several buildings alocz
the proposed line of march. We entreat our
citizens freely and cordially to respond to our
plea for individual and appropriate decorations
In these respects, to the end that our effort
on behalf of a glorious Fourth will be gener
ously seconded. Let us not invoke you in vain.
Prove by your action, citizens, that the com
mittee have not erred in deciding that the
work of decorating may be readily yielded into
the hands of patriots, grateful to their repub
lic for their freedom and independence.
COMMITTEE OK EIGHTEEN.
(By DR. G. P. POND. I. L BROWN, THOS.
W. H1CKET. r>ecoratlon Commute*.)
The second circular reads:
Many of the civic and military organizations
of the city being unable to meet and take ac
tion en the formal Invitation already extended
to them through the mall to participate In the
124th celebration of the Fourth of July, a gen
eral Invitation is hereby courteously extended
to them through the press to joia with their
fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion In
m&nifestlxig their p&trtotlam and appreciation
of liberty guaranteed to the American nation
one hundred and twenty-four years ago.
A favorable reply to the grand marshal la
requested as early as possible, -with an ap
proximate- number of men to turn out on that
occasion. GENERAL K. H. WARFIEI_O.
Grand Marshal.
Room 4. California Hotel. Telephone Bush
234.
The appropriations fixed are as follows:
Parade, 11000; literary exercises. J152 50;
fireworks. $S0O; printing. $60; advertising,
$150; office expenses. JlOO.
Additional aids to the frrand ¦ marshal
are: B. B. Duncan. T. P. Andrews, C. P.
Overton, W. R. Phillips and W. F. Wa
terson. *
The division marshals will foe A. \^.
Mackenzie. R. B. Hill, F. W. Marston and
F. P. Bull.
The Chinese and the Japanese will not
be seen in the parade.
Aids and Marshals Are Appointed oa
General Wax-field's Staff — Civic
Societies Asked to Join
• the Throng. .
Appeal to Public to Decorate
Houses With National
Colors.
FOURTH OF JULY
COMMITTEE HARD
AT THE FINISH
their horse became frightened and ran
away. In turning one of the curves the
buggy and occupants were thrown into a
ravine. The ladles escaped with a few
bruises. The horse was injured and the
vehicle badly damaged.
GENERAL DIRECTOR
RATHBONE REMOVED
No Decision Beached as to Whether
the Ousted Official Will Be
Arrested.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— The Postmas
ter General has issued an order removing
from office Estes O. Rathbone, who had
been suspended by a former order, from
the position of General Director of Posts
of Cuba, and detailing Martin C, Fosnes.
an inspector in the postal service, to per
form the duties of Director General of
Posts until further orders. Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Brlstow haa
been relieved from further work in Cuba
and has sailed for home.
Postmaster General Smith would not
say whether former Director Rathbone
would be arrested for any connec
tion he may have had with existing
conditions in the Cuban postal depart
ment. The determination of that ques
tion, he said, would be left entirely with
General Wood, the Military Governor of
the island, who would be guided by the
developments shown by the investigation
concluded by Mr. Brlstow. Mr. Rath
bone, Mr. Smith said, would not leave the
island, as he would be wanted as a wit
ness in the cases of the other officials
against whom charges have been pre
ferred.
B. D. Murphy Procures an Injunction
BAHJ&OAD STOCK TIED UP.
Against J. H. Henry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— B. D. Murphy to
day began suit against J. H. Henry, presi
dent of the San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company, to restrain him from
selling 1_14',_ shares of said road, and also
asks for a decree compelling him to sell
It in blocks of 100 shares. Murphy has
pledged the said 1314V. shares to Henry for
$40,S00, and the latter threatened to sell
the same on June 26. The same stock is
also hypothecated to T. J. Clunle for $25 -
000. As further security Henry has a
mortgage on 400 acres of land in Contra
Costa County valued at 110,000. Murphy
alleges that Henry, who owns 1000 shares
in the road, is endeavoring to obtain a
controlling interest of the same. He de
clares the stock ia worth $110 per share,
and if sold all at once will work a great
loss to him. A temporary injunction was
granted and the hearing set for June 29.
MISS EYDER BURIED.
edy at Eumsey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
James Lowery the Hero of the Trag-
WOODLAND, June 25.— The body of
Miss Ethel Marie Ryder, who died after
submersion In the creek at Rumsey. was
burled her£ to-day. Further details of
the accident bring out the name of James
Lowery as one of the heroes of the oc
casion. He arrived on the bank Just as
Misa Ryder and her escort. Mr. True,
were sinking for the third time. With
out waiting to divest himself of his cloth
ing Mr. Lowery dived Into the water, and
after a trying struggle brought both
ashore. Mr. True suffered no ill effect3
from the struggle In the water, but Miss
Ryder sustained a rupture of a blood ves
sel In the lung, which caused death in a
few hours.
OaXland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Jun* 23.
i M. Wentworth, one of the members
cf the last Grand Jury, has addressed the
CoUovrlag open letu-r to County Assessor
H. P. Dai ton In reply to some editorials,
which have appeared in the Enquirer.
Mr. DaJtOd'a orpan. The Grand Jury ha»
been attacked by this paper quite ar
flently. and. this is the reply by one of the
memben of that body:
, T OAKLAND. June 24. 1900.
Henry P. I>alton. A*sesaor Alameda
U . c ll~ 1 ? lr: YlJr t^rtUtatt accL«atloa
that the late Grand Jur>' »w doing -dirty
polities"' and act«rd without the oonyc-ienca
that thoull control" honorable gentlemen in
their invest ipaticn wiitn charges were
brought agair.£t you by said Grand Jury
is gtttlng monotonous. I would reerrt ex
ceedingly to know that my associates In
that body would W willing to ruin an hon
est mans kck-1 name by resorting to such
damnable method* in an' attempt to deJeal
a_iy man's chances to fain political ¦:incr«.
I hope the members of that Crand Jury are
too well known for the public to give "your
statements any credence. Politics was not a
factor; was not considered. We took our
cue from the report of the former Grand
Jury. You had friends In the last Grand
Jury, which charted you with a '"felony."
I believe they were all honest and conscien
tious; had they not been the charpe would
probably net have been made against you.
The Grand Jury consisted cf nineteen srood
men. Tweli-e fonued a quorum, and we
never did bustntsj'. of course, with less. We
were made acquaint*:} with the duties of
the Assessor unitr the law. We learned
that It was your duty to collect all taxes
on personal property which was n<n secured
by real estate. anJ the law provldf-d a way
for you to collect them, and when you
qualified as Assessor you took an oath t»
comply with the law. We learned that the
law held you and your bondsmen responsible
lor ell you iailed to collect. We learned
that the law requires you to turn over to
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors on
the lr.th day of July the complete personal
property "afsewiinent roll." The law does
not contemplate that you shall eliminate
from that "asfrfESmect roll" before turning
it over all of the delinquent portion, which
eum total you and your bondsmen would
owe the county. Iicn't you understand that
by emitting from this roll, and destroying
the delinquent list, you can't tell how much
you and your bondsmen want to pay the
county, and it m'-trht cause you lots of worry
for fear you might overpay cr not pay
enough?
Vour paper, the Enquirer, last Thursday
evening states that you did not admit de
ttrcying anything.
Now, Mr. l>alt»n. I challenge you to po
before ar.y person In the city of Oakland
who Is legally qualified to administer an
oath and subscribe to an cath that you did
not aiimit the destruction of all the ""Held
memorandum books" as well as the "iffice
book" into which was transcribed the con
tents of all at the field books, which was
the only complete pertcnal property assesg
m«H liet fhowlag paid and unpaid taxes.
I am revealing no secret of the Grand Jury
room when I challenge you to po before such
lfgally qualified ;«r?an and make oath that
you did not a_m:t that you destroyed cer
tain data or memorandum in order to pro
tect vour bondsmen. I am revealing no
secret cf the Grand Jury when I c halifnge
you to m_ke an <iath that you did net admit
that you knew you were not complying with
The law. I challenge yea to make oath that
you did not admit that you fallal to en
force the law in order to protect your bonds
rr.f n. I challenge you further to make cath
th_t the office book whirh the Grand Jury
ch/»rg«l you with <1>-«!tro>-in(r did not contain
m^nnorarda of delinquent assessment*, for
*"fc:ch amount y^u p.ni_rour_b^nj^m'ji would
have had to pay if the law were enforced.
And I finally challenge y.ou to make oath
that you. Henry P. Dalton. Assessor' of
Alameda Ccuctv. n<-ver receipted a tar bill
when no payment was? ever made. Now. sir,
if you have the courage to s-'Ubscrlhe your
oath to the above a* sujreestt-d I will pay
the necessary expense f<->r the same, and
your friends and the public generally may
believe you are an honest county official
who ha* been outraged by an Al&meda.
County Grand Jury for "political purposes
oclj - ."
This Is distasteful to me. but I think that
the Grand Jury has heen abused enough by
you without being allowed to make public
the evidence obtained. I do not believe a
member cf that Grand Jury had any confi
dence in that Indictment. I believe that
you. yourself, could have drawn up the in
dlctraest eo It would not cave convicted you.
Did Judse Hall rule that the complete
_cw?ssnit roll contained in the office book
¦which was destroyed would not have con
stituted an official recrird. lnFtead of the of
?.ce book which was turned over to the
Beard of Supervisor* containing only a par
tial lirt cf persona! property assessment*?
IRA M. YTEXT-WORTH.
"Delivers a Broadside at the County
Assessor and Boldly Challenges
Him to Prove His Sin
cerity.
DARES DALTON
TO MAKE OATH
TO HIS CHARGES
» —
Ira M. Wentworth of Last
Grand Jury Writes an
Open Letter.
h?5 P K w f 8 «. to If any cruelty
r^f e 1 lnflIcte cl on the cat family in
vT nX fforts at extermination by means of
bulldogs The alleged reason for getting
rid of the felines. Is said by some to be
re\enge on the part of R. M. Gilbert be
cause the cats killed some squabs which
he had fattended in the stable loft for
the superintendent's table.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
9
OCEA1? TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
>fc. wharf. San Francisco:
kJS^^ Fcr Alaskan ports— -11 a. ra.,
REJQBfc. June to. 30. July S. Chans* to
Ka>T*ri)» company*- steamers at Seattle.
I i 5kB35\<ift For Vlc torla, Vancouver (B.
K*Wv3£N 'Sftl *-.). Port Town.'er.d, Seattle.
_-*_-H~ZN*f^1 Tacoma, Everett, Ar.acort»s,
*^^Ci_Ss3_U •-*** *»« w Whateoia <Wa_h.>—
•*- 11 «- nv. June Ei. JO. July S.
and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. m.. J\XO9
Z2. 27. July X and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ncofl. Port Harford (San Luis Obispoj. Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
• a. m.. June 24. ZS. July 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Glego. -topplnj; only at Pert ITar-
ford (San Luis Obtsso). Santa Barbara. Port
Loa An_-e!e_ and Redondo <Ix» AngeleaV— 11 a,
m., Jane Z2. M. SO. July 4. axtd every fourth day
For Erjpenadn. Max-alena Bay, Soa Jo*e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rcsalla
and Ouaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a, ex. 7th of cadi
month.
For farther Infonsatlon obtain company' •
(olden.
The company rwerres th» right to ehani;*
steamers, rallrnc datea and hours of sailing;
without previous notice.
TICKKT OKT'irE- 4 New Montgomery
rtmt <Palace HoteD.
GOODALL. PERKINS h CO.. Cten. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YAliEJaT
Steamer **Montlc«llo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:i3
a. m.; J:15. S:JO p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. Im. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. * Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150$.
FARE He
I rtfiSMOS I INF *&™2
'fllVOlllvO LlMl. LUXOR ...KOOToaj
______ . SSS.A.S IS -4OCO Tonai
Jlcra'-iy sailing for Valparaiso and XZa-aburz I
T;_ileiie_apcr:». lV>-.:r_l.Sc-::a An erica, etc |
S.S. Serapls. <C00 tons, saila about July 1 .
1. Dl Sr_IC__LS _ BBOS. OX. -«_¦_>. 114 -«-t*__.~ T MJ
««»)••*— • r»te-» Of2T - __? ___*?_•••-*"• Fr *» '¦"*!
OCEAN TRAVEL
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 SANSOME STREET.
; s. s. st. paul
S. S. PORTLAND
Will Sail Abont - - - July 1st
FORT
NOME,
ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on YUKON BITER to
KOYUKUK and DAWSON.
AMERICAN LINE.
RW Y0BX SOUTHAMPTON. LOOT0K. TAZIX
Stopping at Cherbourg; westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Paul June 27i New Tork July 11
St. Louis JulyVSt. Paul July li
HED STAF^ LINE.
New York _rjd Antwerp.
From New York -very Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...June ZTiNoordland July II
Kensington July 4|Friesl_>nd July I)
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery street.
_37Y\FMR13 LINO,
6 S "OHIO." from Seattl* to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailing, from
Seattle to Nome. 8t. Michael and Tukon River
Points, June SO. July 31, August SO. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
tO Montgomery street,
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAHDuRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. AL6O NEW YORK TO CHERBOUftQ
AND HAMBURG.
For Fulling, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE. 37 ITdw*y, N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured beforo departure.
HERZOO & CO.. Gen. Arts, for Pacific Coast.
401 California at., corner Bauoma. S. F.
COKPAONIE GENERAL- TRAN3ATLASTIQ0E.
DIRECT LINE. TO HAVRE-PARIS. **u^
Hailing every Thursday Instead of *£*(?* "£»
'" Saturday, from November _. _»9. at O^wmS
10 a. m.. from Pier 43, North River, foot ot
Morton tt. L'AQCITAINE, June 21; LA
TOURAINE. July 5: LA LORRAINE. July U:
LA BRKTAGNE. July 19. First class to Havre.
$S3 GO upward. Second class to Havre. %ii and
upward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Build-
ing), New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. PaclSlo
Coast Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Fran-
cisco. ¦
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Crarnan' streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calhne at
Kobe i Hit so). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
concerting at Hcng-ong with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No caxti> received on beard oa day
cf salllns-
68. NIPiON MARTT Tuesday. July 10. 130O
8S. AMERICA MARU „
Friday, August 3. 1900
ES. HONGKONG MARU
.'. Wednesday. Ausu-t 29
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company** office.
121 Market Bt««t. ccrner First.
W. II. AVEItY. Oen«ral Agant.
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.-nONOLUH;, AJPIA
AUCKLAND AM) SYDNEY.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. June 2?. J p. n_.
8. 9. MOANA <Tia, Honolulu) to NEW Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. July 11. S p. m.
1. D. SFHECXELS & BROS. CO.. A?!*.. H4Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
I5TSPATCH FAST STEAMEItS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«_r-Btr*et Wharf tt 11 a. m.
CM DC $ 12 First Class including Berth
iWriL $3 Second CI_»-» and Mcalt,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jane 13, July I
COLUMBIA b«!1s June V. July t
Ebort line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all potnts in the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East
E. C WARD. Genera! Affent.
£-0 Market street
GOODALU PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1 900.^
10
BAST FRANCISCO CALL.
BTSIKESS OFFICE of The Fan Francisco
t#!l. corner ef Market and Third streets, open
tnrtii a o'clock ««very nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-SI7 Montgomery etreet.
ccrner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
fOO Hayes street: cpen until 9:39 p. 73.
CSS McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C18 Larkin Etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
KM Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open oa-
ta » p. tn.
:06 Eleventh rtrwt; cp*n until 9 p. zn.
:3>€ Valencia Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. "! j j
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. B. R. A. M., *
will meet Tills (TUESDAT) EVEN- m g\ M
ING June 16. at 7.30 o'clock. P. M. jCj?
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of/XS"
FRANKLIN H. T>KT. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and ft
A. M— Meeting- THIS m.'E^DA Y) ««nt_
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Second de- J^X
gree. GEO. J. KOBE, Sec. / V
PACIFIC Lodpe No. 1CS. F. and A^M.'. II
1T1 Eddy rt.— Meets THIS EVEN-
ING, 7::0 o'clock. Three degree. 7k^\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /v^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
at — Thl-d d.-pree THIS (TUESDAY) .-Jf*_
EVENING at 7:C> o'clock. Av/\
A. S. Hl'BBAKD. Secretary. ' * x
T^RnA BUHNA LoCcc No. 15, I. ,««2|S£&i.
1 'i F will meet WEDXES-SglSSi
DAT £t I ;¦ m. for the Duri»se^5egW»y
rf conducting the funeral of our *m.w»~
deceased brother. H. F. HAYES.
J. P. SCHLOEN. N. Q.
AGENTS WANTED.
J7500 CAN be made during next 6 month* by
t!'J«llnit r^ents handling our white and fancy
rubber collars, cults, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed good?; Inclose stamp for spe-
cial plan. M. & M. Mfg. Co., gpringneld. Mass.
CELLING erect wanted— Party to take produc-
tion of mapnet wire factory as selling agent
cn Pacific Coa.n and old Mexico: only those
vho can handle large business will be con-
fiderf-d. Address P. O. box 1177. Providence,
Khort* Ir'ard.
ASTROLOGY.
1TRS. Sadie Dunn, rcler.tific a^trcloglEt. strictly
reliable or. a'.! rr.stterc pertaining to life and
frusinfss; horoscojie readings, tl. 2710 Sutter.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law & ppedalty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE. ntty. at law. S^D Market.ccr.Stockton.
R. w. KING. ?2T Market St.. room €27; all
.cases; no advance chartes; call or write.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDPON. 227 Market St., ejip. Mason.
X. F CLARK. Emma f-preckeln bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: ronyjltatlon free: no fees in advance.
J AUTOMOBILES.
AUTO1IOBILES-FKED WARD & SON.
Appnts, 46 Frrmrnt et
BATH CABINETS.
HOBINSON S5. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and eafe. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Ellis.
DICYCLES For Snle or Exchange,
GOOD second-hand bicycles, all kinds and
sizes, at ALLEN'S. 1370 Page Ft.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL HOOKS bcusht and txchanged.
Hr.lrr.n Book Or>.. TO4 Mlgnion «=t.. near Third.
BELGIAN' HARES.
BELGIAN HARES'!!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN IIAJtE
ASSOCIATION, Alameda. Cal.
ELEGANT line of Imported floes Just received:
from $10 up; pedigree guaranteed: Yukon and
other strains. Zj9 Hyde St., corner Eddy.
TOR sale— Very fine stock cf high-score, pedi-
rree-d Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
100!>V:- Sutter gt.. Saa Francisco.
TP.EMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore et..
Ean Francieco, Cal.— Send 6c in stazapi for
book cn care and feeding.
A FEW left — Heavy weight pedigree does; must
be sold to-iay. 15£ Tehama st.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. COS Gold-
f-n Gate ave.. S. F. ; oM rabbits for saie cheap.
HIGH scoring-, pedigreed stock. reasonable.
Royal Rabbttry, 314 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment cf sick hares;
¦ positive enuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. 1€16 Turk.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN'^
PRIVATE home for children by day, week or
month: 1 day to 15 years; select neighborhood:
mother's care: Funny yard. 13>>4 Post at., cor.
Franklin; phme Larkin SS7, two bells.
BCSIKBSS CUASCES.
A— $4(i00; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known at a money making place;
test location; cloee to Chronicle building. Sw
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Bt.
A— 11000; OKOCEP.T and bar on San Bruno
iroad; living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from business cause of sale. Call
R. G. WILKE, :e^t Kearny at.
•
A— J1500; CORNER; wine and liquor etore; only
!om: block from Market; rent 150; horse,
wagon and a large Block; splendid paying
tiuslnese; diBapreement of partners cause of
rale. See it. O. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A-4C50; RESTAURANT on Geary Bt.; close to
§ Chronicle building; rent cheap: owner em-
ployed In National Bank; must sell at once.
C*ll R. O. WILKE, 2Gi^ Kearny 6t.
A— JSOOO; DRUG Etore cn Montgomery St.; rent
|40; estab. years; knowledge of business not
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. ffiij Kearny.
A— $3000; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes Et. ; no rent to pay; a 6plendld
chance. Bee R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny Bt.
/Lei interest In transfer and express company,
dolnfr a business of tl£,OOC per year, in this
city and across the bay; owner needs active
assistant. Call R. G. WTLKE, 26^ Kearny.
A — Jlil.0; SALOON elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a fo',J paying business; place
iocated close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease;
large stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Keamy et.
A — tC50; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton Et. ; place estab. mony years and do-
ing rushing, good-paying business; no better
offer in market. R. G. WILKE, Zt\j Kearny.
(;.y— PAI'.TNTH wanted In a first-class saloon
on* block north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Keamy st.
fTSO— BAKEHT baking 2 bbls. a day; 2 horsee,
wagon, harness; fine store trade; living
rooms; a bargain. LANE & CO., 863 Market.
WELL-STOCKED grocery, fancy goods, candy,
cigars; established for years; sickness cause
r.* Bale. LANE & CO.. 8C3 Market Bt.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor, clearing $80 a
month. LANE & CO., ?& Market et.
NOTIONS, school supplies, candy, cigars; liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO.. S65 Mkt.
JC30— RESTAURANT; choice location; good bus-
lnesf ; furniture best. LANE & CO..SG5 Market.
1^5— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business;
will pay over J50 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777V4 Market st.
JCOO — CHOP and oyster bouse; great sacrifico oa
account cf sickness. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO..
777% Market st. *
I7W-EALOON; north of Market et : half price;
ether business cause of eale. McLAUGIlLIN
& CO.. 77716 Market St. ,
A— ICREDO & DUTTON. formerly Kredo & Co.
26 Geary Bt.; phone Clack 60S2.
A Real Estate Bargain Across the Bay.
£1600 — Carriage and wagon factory; large lot,,
tools. Implements, wood and paint shop; rents
for Vf>. KREDO & DUTTON. S6 Geary st.
GOOD-PAYING can<!y etore, lea cream parlor;
established 16 years; principal etreet; easily
clearing $100 a month; finwt chance In the
world for wlflow or two parties: full Investi-
gation cr trial allowed. See owner, 12 Sixth.
AN oldest Established confectldnery, candy. Ice
cream 6tore. parlor and large factory. In
Oakland; very best location; trial solicited;
present owner " must go I to Seattle. Particu-
lars 4C2 Tenth St., rm. 11, Oakland; no agents.
ENAP — Fruit etore; suitable for man and
wife; owner going to Nome. Apply 114
Langton Et. ,
FOR rent— Home bakery: oven, tools and fix-
tures for sale cheap. 322 Fourth st.
FOR Eale— Well-stocked and good-located sa-
loon; gocd business. C17 Seventh st.
FOR sale — Oood-payine restaurant; best loca-
tion In city. Bex CS6. Call offlce.
FOR eale— Fruit and oyster stand. 1S76 Market
St.; cheap if sold at once.
HALF fcUElnees horseshoeing shop for eale. £20
Davis Bt.
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4
large Uvins rooms; rent $25. Apply Railroad
Erewery. 427 Valencia Bt.
FOR eale cheap— First-class home bakery do-
Ing eood store trade; eickness cause of ols-
pogal; no agents. M.. 10S6 Valencia st.
GOOD corner grocery and bar; 4'livlns roounj;
taust b« sold thla Treels. J2SH Twelfth "t.
BCSIXESS CHAXCES — COXTIXCED.
a— $2000 .". ?. '. ?1. . . . ~. , '.. ".7. '.^3600 .y. 7. .".". ~.. $3600
PARTNER WANTED ...
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must have partner; too much business for
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad depot;
all flrot-class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo.; books
open for inspection: Investigation solicited.
STENBERG CO., 935 Market st.
A-$750 $750 $750
THIS IS A BARGAIN
Corner liquor 6tore and saloon north, near
Market st. ; handsome place, dolns fine busi-
ness; well situated for 2 young men or a fam-
ily to conduct; carrying large slock of wines,
liquors, etc. ; If you desire this kind of busi-
ness don't delay investigation; selling on ac-
count of sickness. STKNBKRG CO.. 935 Mkt.
CANDY store for sale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent. . 13S Hayes gt.
FOR SALE— Good paying route on this paper.
Apply at office.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
• BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary: other bargains.
FOR Bale— A strictly good buslnefs; restaurant-,
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
. finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
¦ American. Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
neld. Cal. . '
MODERN butcher shop: central part of Oak-
land, near Uroadway, doing cash business of
KeO per week; rent $50; owner must rell on
Recount of sickness. RALEIGH & CO., 464
Ninth St.. Oakland. ¦
WISHING to retire I will sell by blacksml»ii
shop and tools at Blacks Station, Yolo Coun-
tv; it is a good paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SANDROC^prcprietor.
NICE family liquor store, with bar, at Invoice
value: must be sold at ence. Apply 112 Taylor
st. Saloon, doing good business, in wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply 501 Market.
$3000 WILL buy a first-class steam laundry
doing a fine business: trial given to any party
wi5hes to buy. Address G. ST. CLAIR, Santa
Rosa, Cah _^
TO rent— For ccal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains -3
Halls;, rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDR1CKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
COFFEE and tea routes supj'lled from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
FOR sale or exchange for jewelry, stock of
fancy goods. Box 151. Gllrcy. Cal. .
NURSERY for Eale; Jobs and tools, including
florist. 1724 Central ave.
A BRANCH offlce for Call ad\-erttsement» and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia Ti.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllraore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035 Va-
lencla st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 P°r year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ELEGANT house of 16 furnished rooms for
palp. ICa Van NVfg ave.. cor. Geary et.
CARRIAGES AND WAGO? S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnese,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- ',
n*»E!=. work *: drivlvir horses. 1'th & Valencia. \
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAX1NG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing 'Works, S53-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 4a
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-214 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatinc and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Hth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. II.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th *t- ; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clearing Co..
453 Stevenson St., tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS clPEned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c '
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et. : tel. Jessie °44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COS'KLl.N'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
G«te av. : tpl»phon.» Kft«t 1?6.
SPIRITUALISM.
5I>1E TOtTNQ'S convincing test circle to-night.
60S McAllister, 10c; come skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall. SC5 McAllister-Mrs. Mey-
er: cony^nclnet£KtJxi-n^gjitJO£2_f|tUn^s_a^l^
C. MAYO-KTEERS. 112H Oak Ft., will give her
last evening circle to-night. 25c
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 3Jfl
Ellis st-. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.. Sundays Included.
MRS DUNHAM, medium: rpadinps dally: clr.
Tues., Fri., 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room So.
MRS. KOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G.
II. L. DOc; clr. Mo.. Wed., Fri.. lOo. 34 Sixth.
MRS J J."WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, U- 1104 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Ca!l 18 pages. s»nt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for U.
postage paid.
cl'airvovasts.
MRS DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st.
may be consulted on all affairs of life;- sh«
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated ; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
rpecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
ft., near Jones. *
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee S5c and up > satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11«7 Market St.. bet. "th and Sth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading: ladles SOc,
gents tl; palm. & clalr.; sit, tl SO. 126 Turk St.
MME August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 23c & SOc. 1143 Mission.
MME (SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; readings, 25c; no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up.. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
' United States or Canada one year for )L
portage paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
|py< successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET..
COTTAGE, S rooms, bath. 8835 Twenty-fifth
st.-; rent >3.
|20 — COTTAGE, 8 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
DENTISTS.
AT the. CLECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 W) up; plates, extractions free, M CO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. rn, G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, .nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per 6et; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, t4; crowns. t3; fillings, 25c.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. on
vacation, from Jane 13 until July L
VAN VROOM — •"Painless"; ei-enlngs sjid Sun-
days. 1001 Market et., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. 5r! n. CL
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk, st :: ; ---.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cali. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY*8 C. P. dog soap • creates a
emooth silky coat: for sal» by all drugelsts
or at the hospital. 610 Golden Gate av*.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmor*—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits Jl 50; all
animal* treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTKKSS12S
A FIRST-CLASS lady teacher wishes to ex-
change piano lessons for dressmaking. Box
1&U7. Call. < - .
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
6. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring" School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 .Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st; dresses
made, J5 up; dresses made over; perfect Jit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
I " Ins. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
A WEEK'S news for S cents. The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wrapper/ for mailing,' Si per ye&r. .
HIISCELIiAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
EXCELLENT building at 2110 Pacific ave. t J^
ba removed. Inquire E. K. PEAKSON, House
Mover, 1231 Folsom St., teL Jessie 1333.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar prooT safe. 21S California st.
SAKES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand, all sizes. TII!S
WALTZ SAFK n lC'J-111 Market St.. San Fraa.
ONE 4-si(Jed sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; & locomotives. 2C0 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A sandwich wagon cheap or to> rer:
one. Box li>0C. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright P^no for
cash. II. L. WHWEHEAD. .10 Market st.
MONEY TO LOA^
ANY amounTTt T 6~per~cent ; Is;. 2d and 3d mort-
. gages undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no uc-
lay; get my terms before doing business elso-
where. R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY propcsitlon. any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgagfs. estates in probate, interest
In estates, lt-gaclcs. corporation loans, crjittu
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16. ".p: 1
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLO RAN & ULSt-N.
HIGHLY respectable jrivate place 10 obta:n
liberal advances €>n dlamoais. Jewelry at l.~-\v-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 llarktt
St.; teL Main K44. Branch li Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at lVa per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGl?!!.
322 Ellis Bt.. room 34. -
MOST reliable rlace to borrow cn diamonds,
watches. Jowelry. W. J. HESTHaL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diunionc!:*.
ANY amount by private party on fumitur 1 ; -r>.l
pianos: no removal; low rates; cu-iti'ontial.
EONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 i\nvell St..
AT 126 Keamy. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 535.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 60. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgagss. and cn
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. RKCKEIt & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 3'Jl Jones st.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loane.l salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. I5_ 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St., solves all kinds or
financial problems; 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndor?er.
S. K. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 15 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid.
MUSICAL 1SSTRVNS.1T3.
THE best thing of the season la a new styl3
Olympia Music Box. with double comb, for
$D0; the tone Is as fine aa any box ought toy
at double the price. MAITVAIS MUSIC CO..
763 Market st.
UNTIL July 1 you will get more than the va!u»
of your money If you buy a piano, organ or
other musical Instruments of tho MAUVAIa
MTSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
IF you want low installments on any musical
Instrument, come to us; ii you want to pay
cash, come Just the same. MAtTVAIS ilL'SIO
CO.. 769 Market st.
AS we represent the best maka of pianos In
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments art easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, $6 cash, $6 p»r
month: other ptanos, $3 i4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at coet; owlnjc to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out resardlese of profit: a better op-
portunity has never been offered: terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicaro Is KOULER & CHASES.
26, 2S and 30 O"Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all oth.?r musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to please and satisfy the
customer.
AN elegant upright piano, beautiful case. Col-
onial style, three pedals; used three months;
must be sold to closo up estate; $;.',o. 12
Flood building.
A FEW bargains In pianos of standard makes
still remain from our closing out sale, rang-
ing from $73 up; must be sold by July 1.
SPENCER'S. ISIS Market st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be f«o!d this
week for stornge; offers wanted (cash or in-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stock
of pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van Ness Eve.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. ajrent for
Francis Paeon and Hallet & Dav'.s pianos.
- _
STTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
$500— NEW piano will sell at Tery low price.
Address box 621. Call office. , ;-'
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickering. «30; Installments
$5 to tlO; rent »2 up: HEINE'S, 135 Ellis st.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 208 Post st.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
PTATHAM. in« McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale- new piano#. $3 payments-
for rent. $2 up. BItUENN. 2C3 Post st.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE stores and sunny office* near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
IMJLM1STIIY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reada 1 to 8. 61S Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor St.. bet. Oeary & Post: phone Blnck SSI.
PASTinAGE.
ZOO TO GOO acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horse* or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antioch. Cal.
PKHSO.NALS.
LEDEKER Is th« popular hairdresser.
Lederer charges but 23c for the
Lederer fashionable hair styles.
Lederer sells El Perfecto Veda Rou^e SOc box.
Lederer' s Quintonica hair tonic la 35c bottie.
L*derer*s Foamo Shampoo Is only 5c package.
Lederer's Ilairdresslng Parlors, 123 Stockton.
DR. C. E VALEEN— Magnetic healing and
suggestive therapeutics; diseases cured wltli-
out drugs or cperatlons; hours 2 to a; Sunday
' by appointment. 2K> Leavenworth st.
USE Lillie Webb's olive oil soap: 10c at drug-
. gists: agents wanted. CADOOAN it Mo-
CLURE, 421"Market, r. 34; from 9 to 10 a. m.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing boughtand
sold. SHvennan, 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom llJl.
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4313.
Call office.
ACADEMY for the new science of healinc
without operations; before you undergo an
operation give us a call; consultation fr-e.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. Z21 Post at.
AHLBORN House. 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ing German-American hotel of San Frand»ico:
$1 per day up; finest meals In city, 23c.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Hb natural color. $1; at all druggists.
KLKCTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 30 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferr*.
AN elegant suit for $10 73 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEM.OS. 1U7 Market st.,
betwsen Seventh and Eighth.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader
SSO Market St., second floor, room 37.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by usln» Tal-
cctfs Cnrllng Fluid: 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bou?bt;
send postal. COLEMAN'3. SOS Kearny sr.
°- D - MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific »*•»..
between Pierce and Scott: pnong Stelner 3231.
PHOTOGItAPIUC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks Tree; photo supplies. U.T-iu*
_studlo. 11 Geary st.. ground and tnp floor*.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
D S • C I. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and i-mdenM.
.. 102I& Market bL. bet. EUth. and Seven'.-
HELP WAKTED MALE.
A-MURRATt READT..FHONH MAIN 6843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
• ...... ..WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
500 men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions
DUNSMUIR SHASTA TRUCKEE
Etate of Nevada Salt Lake
Sacramento Western and
all coast divisions of Cal Santa Barbara
Los Angeles We ship you on
all above divisions, free fare; offlce fee $1; no
Other expenses
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 25 sawmills, etc
No experience wanted •
E63 men for 60 different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to • $40 per
month and found
also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want helD of every descrlDtlon for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80, $75. $50, $120, $60.
$50, $40. 530 and found; 6S4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines,
$3 $2 50, $2 $1 SO, $1 and 73c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $10 and found
60 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build
flume $co, $35,- $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AXD HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon driver. $2 a day and found; 282
. men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
\ fields, header men, etc., $125, $160. $2 day
and found; come and see
STABLES, VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS
GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $40, $35,
$30. X25 and found; buggy washer, V>0
129 vineyard and orchard han3s, $35, $30. $20
and found; 6 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30,. $25. $20 and found: come
see
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
59 milkers for different places, $35, $30 and
¦ found; 5 butter makers, and run separators,
boss here $25 and found; 5 cheese makers,
different jobs, $35 and $40 and found; stable-
man, private place, $25 and found; milk
wagon driver, $35 and room
MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT
BERRY PICKERS
E0 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, ciecework, can make good waites..
ALSO 150 BEHRY PICKERS
4 machine miners $50
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, Eawmlll company, $10 and found,
fare naid
cooper to make butter kegs.... 18 blacksmiths
and horseshoers, $2 £.0, $60. $70. $45 and $30
and found
£0 laborers, S. P. R. R. $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE— MINES— BIG WAGES
85 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit. $40 to $48 per month and found:
29 miners, single hand $30 and $73
crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. $35,
$30 and found
Read these carefully
26G laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 50. $2, $1 73 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other position come down and read
bill boards.
12 single-handed miners, faro $2 50, $40 and
found; coal miners, hard-rock men. drillers.
rock men, hammer men, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDY-MAKER ....COOKS
Candy-maker, country tiO
Chef cook, mine boarding-house, $G0 to $G0
and found; camp waiters, $25 and $20; second
baker. $40 and found; 13 cooks, $35, $40. $45
and $60 and found
Uutchers $35 and $30 and found
Cooks for ranches, hay press $30 and found
First and second bakers, $.',0 and $33, fare-
paid; bakers and helpers, $30 and $40 and
found; boy for bakery, $20 and found; cook
s and wife. $.'0 and found; waiters, bakery,
cafes, hotels, resorts, $30, ;35 and $40 and
found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company. $30 and found.
; MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH ORDERS....'
8 carpenters $2 50 day and found
All-around butcher $35 to $40 and found
Young man, run rip saw $7 50 week
Mar.glere for laundry •.
Man and wife, both for dining-room, fare 30c
$40 and found
Cook and wife or two men for a lumber com-
pany, see boss here.... 9 coopers, slack work;
3 pantrymen 3 men for private families;
IS laundrymen aTd a boy to learn same trade.
Cooks for mines $30 and $80
Carriage woodworker $2 50 day
5 brick' molders, see boss here
Bheepherders. fare $150, call early
FACTORIES IN SAX FRANCISCO
12 la borers for different city factories. $1 75
day; exceptional gcod Jobs You board home
Farmer and wife. Sonoma County
HO and found; see boss here
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 CJay st.
A— HUNDREDS TO PICK
FRUIT FRUIT FRUIT
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay et.
A— MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS TELE-
PHONES AND LETTERS
3 carpenters for a vineyard.. $2 60 day and fd
3 assistant bookkeepers, typewriters and
stenographers for vineyards, sawmills, etc.
Porter and stableman, grocery store, fare COc,
$40; 3 hotel porters, hotels and resorts, $20,
$25 and found; 2 watchmen, Germans, for city
jobs
4 bark peeler*, also 4 swampers, $40 and
found; cabinet-makers, $2 75 day; brick mold-
ers; 3 markers for a laundry
Bus driver for hotel, fare SOc. ...$20 nnd found
Third cook for a mine, call early.. $35 and fd
Man to assist baker for a mine $?0 and fd
MARRIED OR SINOLE
12 laborers for city work, SI 75 and $2 day; j
board yourselves home; 10 hours dally.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A — COME DOWN and get our list, containing
72S6 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
100 men for Coast Road $2 a day
Ehlp dally fee $1 free faxe
200 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.... $2 a day
Ship dally.. fee $1 free fare
60 men; railroad work, Trucke«....$l 90 a day
Ehlp daily fee Jl. free fare
215 4-horse teamsters, L. A. dlv....$2 25 a day
Ship dally fee $1 ....free fare
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary St.
10 TUNNEL men. railroad work, $2 23 to $2 50
a day; buttermaker, country. $30; t> milkers,
. 525 and $30; machine men and miners. $2 50 to
(3 a day; blacksmith, country shop, $2 25 a
day; blacksmith, city, $2 50 to $3 a day: black-
smith's helper. $1 25 to $1 50 day; 6 farmers,
$1 25 a day and board, fare fOc; chcreman and
milker for springs, $25: yardman, resort, $25.
Experienced egg candler, wholesale house,
J50. »
« Boy for store, age 15 to 17, $2<V month,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $100; second cook. --$50; third cook,
$40; dishwasher, $30; all for first-class sum-
mer resort; head cook, country hotel, $85;
German cook, country hotel, $50; baker and
pastry cook, summer resort, $50; butcher,
country shop, $40; 2 fry cooks. $60 to $45; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands. $20. $25 and
$30.
, 3 waiters, country hotels, $30; 10 waiters,
city, $30, $35 and $40; 2 r»ntrymen, $25.
3 Dorters, different country hotels, $20; bar
porter, summer resort. $20.
Washer, hand laundry, country hotel, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st:
GEO. COLLINS— Please report.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Third cook; wages $10 week. Apply
, Immediately at Fischer's Bakery, 866 Wash-
ington at., between Seventh and Eighth, Oak-
land.
MAN wanted to help In kitchen and cook short
orders. 1416 Howard Et.
WANTED— Sober man In kitchen; $20 'month
and found. 195 Tenth st.
GOOD barber and bootblack. 947 Fillmore St.,
corner McAllister.
WANTED— A gcod waiter. 106 Second St..
Ui.lon Restaurant.
DISHWASHER wanted. 420 Folsom st.
GERM-AN boy for printing office.' 635 Cali-
fornia st.
BARBER wanted at 6 Market st.
¦WANTED — An experienced can washer and
help around place. . Address 1509 Brodertck.
PANTRYMAN* also a dishwasher; young men;
restaurant. 2^8 McAllister st. ~.
WANTED — A No. 1 horseahoer, married man
preferred, - to make himself a home. Inquire
at, HOLT BROS.' CO.. 30-82 Main st.
2 GOOD barbers; BILLY HOUSEL please call.
1073 Market St.. near Seventh, y.
WANTED— Master electrician. An examina-
tion of applicants will be held at the Navy
Yard, -Mare Island. Cal., July 6, 1900, for
Master Electrician at $5 04 per diem. The ex-
amination will be open to all comers who can
give evidence of experience In conducting the
kind of work for which they seek employment
and who are citizens of the United Stales.
Applications will be addressed to the Com-
mandant, Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal., and
! must be delivered to him on or before Thurs-
day, July 5. No application received after
that date ¦will be considered. Each applicant
will state in his application his name. age.
residence, citizenship, present occupation
(stating shop and position therein) and pre-
Tious employment or work done. The appli-
cation must b»- accompanied by evidence of
citizenship and by certificates, preferably
from previous employers, as to character,
habits of industry and sobriety. and skill and
experience in conducting work of the kind
required. JOHN D. LONG, Secretary of the
Navy. -, . ¦ ' -. ¦ ¦ . . ' -
YOUNO man or strong boy not under 17 to
learn the candy business; call at once.
SCHAFER'S. 221 Sixth s t.
MAN with some experience in restaurant busi-
ness; $70 to $90 per month; $350 required.
..- Apply at 79 Tlilrd st. . - ¦
BARBERS— S-chalf shop for sale; owner to quit
- business; price no object. 215 O'Farren st.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale. Apply on
. premiaesv 14 Turk bC .
HELP WAXTED-UALB.
WANTED — Man of good character; deliver and
collect for old established mnfg. house; $300 a
year and expenses gntd. Address Manufac-
turer, 2d floor, 330 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
ALL nlzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Id sta.
WANTED— Recruits for tho United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of gocd character, between the
ages of 21 and S5 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
. must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
830 K St., Sacramento. Cal.
WHITEWAPHERS— Brushmen to solicit and
work on shares. W. WAINWRIGHT. 140J
Jackson st.^
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap: good lo-
cation; sell to go Eaat. Inquire at 403 Pacific.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «35
Clay gt. •
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkln, R»no House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houjc, 217 Third St.; 130 large
rocir.3 : 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Engineer to run small engine and
»plce mill to wholesale house; give references,
experience and wages expected. Box 654, Call.
WANTED — Bov to run Oordon press; give age
end references. Box 654. Call offlce.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and grven hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2» St»uart.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for tuition at
San Francisco Barber School, 711A Howard »t.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
Ean Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soied while waiting. 25c to
tOc. 5f2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ata.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per wee*, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Keamy.
PENSIONS— G EO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 1*
years' practice: Examiner bMg.
.WINCHESTER House. 4» Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; fre»
'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 13c to 23c p«r night: 73c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100« Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Ca!l branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— Kor Sale
FINE team of well-matched black horses. 6 and
7 years old; gentle for a lady to drive; 15Va
hands high; can road alonf: In 2:40; also a
latest style rubber tire buggy, almost new,
with pole and shafts; this rig can be seen
at the Stanford Stables, 3C8-310 Golden Gate.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1600 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Stanford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for, sale; also wagons, buggiea.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Mark?t
!J7 Sixth St.; auction salss every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of. cheap horsed for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY" S. 2170 Market gt; Castro-
gt. cars pass the door.
HORSES — Young, well broken, for all purpose,
cheap; best :n city. "21 Howard St.. nr. Third.
FOR rale— 1 <"xtra fine carriaK<* team* I>AL-
ZIEL. Vet. T>nt!<«t. _S GoMon Gut? ave
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
PERRT, 202, near Fourth — House of 3 rooms;
rent $7; water free. Appiy to G. H. UMU-
SEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE: 623 Locurt ave.. between Golden Gate
and McAllister, oft Laguna; 4 rooms and base-
ment; rent $12.
TURK. 1G29. near Stelner— Lot 45x137:8; house
and stable for 4 horses. Inquire S Dale Place.
off Golden Gate ave., near Hyde.
$23— MODERN two-story house; 8 rooms, tarh
and basement; marine view. 2327 Leaven-
worth. st.
$25 — SUNNY mortem house, 7 rooms and bath;
newly renovated. 720 Broderlck, nr. McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best in Am-rica— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address tn the
T T nlted States or Canada wi» year for tl.
HOUSES TO LET — FLRMSHED.
SACRAMENTO. 2679 — Nicely furnished modern
house of 7 rooms. W. B. Hlit't' & CO.
LOST AXD FOLND.
A LIBERAL reward win be paid for return to
2710 California st. of old-fashioned geld watch.
lost June 20th, either at Market and Powell
6ts. or on Devlsadero-st. line; watch has
numbers on the dial.
WILL party who found lady's purse In Valen-
cla-st. car Monday morning send address to
27 Lapldge st. 7
LOST — 1 badge with initials F. O. A.. Bay
City, on Larkin st. Return to 1171 Market
st. and receive reward.
LOST — Lady's diamond sunburst breastpin.
Finder will be suitably rewarded; return Pal-
ace Hotel.
LOST— On Friday. June 22, a rosary with four
medals attached. 1 gold. 2 silver, 1 brass.
Return to 2G14 Laguna »t. and receive reward.
_— — — — —
DR. G. W. CDONNT2LL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 1023V4 Market St.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007V4 Market St.. near Sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any.ailment: consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. GUTER, 446 Eddy St.. well known
and reliable; ladies' specialist; consult free;
home tn confinement ; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS DR. KOHL, only reliable ladles' special-
ist' treatment at offlce, $5: home In confine-
ment. 446 Eddy, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1025 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home In confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to 8. »_-_v<
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scl-
entlfic methods: treatment. $5.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny.advlce free.
Y S — DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
111S Market St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR WONG HIM; herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly ,
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN, 103-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a lanre stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1C23 Mission St.. above
" Sixth; write for catalogue.
A MOST beautiful pearl and diamond lace pin
for $20: original cost $35. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sell3 or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— $3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington and New Under-
wood typewriter; bargain. L. &.M. ALEX-
At^pEU. 110 Montgomery st.
SHARP watch dog; 10 months old; Newfound-
land. 1743 Noe at., bet. 30th and 31st.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. B16-518-S2O Mission,
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 22 Stockton at.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75; concert records, $1 50. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. ,J. Burke. 130 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar Droof safe; cheas. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery sU-
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 60
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2S Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns), new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLAED & BRECK. 131 Post it
;' < : r EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship, $50; includes short-
hand. typing, bookkeeping, pen art: day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 3C5 Larkin st.;
the coming school; 'thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post" st,
: 8. F. ; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 36 Geary, r. 34.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : (lay or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMl'LOVMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ, over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Ofnce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806^4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEJIAL.E.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation,
best of references, city or country; also first-
class Swedish second girl wants a posltfon.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wiehes a posi-
tion to do light housework, with 2 or 3 In
family; moderate wages; references; no pos-
tals. Call at 1220 Grove st.
A— RESPECTABLE girl wants general house-
work and cooking; can give reference. Ap-
ply at 2937 Twenty-fourth st., near Alabama,
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
for housework or second work; first-class ref-
erencets. Box 1803. Call office.
GERMAN girl (15 years) wishes to assist with
children and light housework. Box 1802, Call.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants placa
to do light housework; -wages $10; reference;
city or Oakland. Call 747 Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; 85c; city
preferred; reference. Box 1820, Call office.
WASHING, Ironing and housecleaning by th«
day or hour. Call or address LYDIA R.
TODD, 226 Clinton Park.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework.
Call at 8 Germania ave., between Webster
and Fillmore and Hermann and Waller.
MACHINE operator wants position to sew; $6
a week. E30 Golden Gate ave.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to do sec-
ond work or light housework; country pre-
ferred. Please call at 1011 Natoma st., near
Eleventh.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city ! or short distance In
country; willing and obliging. Call at 763
Erannan St.. near Seventh.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter; best references. Box C72, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles in confinement. MRS. WOJ.^
TER, 122 Sixth »U
2 RESPECTABLE women would like positions
as housekeeper and one to sew. Apply 503
Sixth at. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to \\ 50 night; Jl 50 to ?«
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
nnd batrgace to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— Th<r Weekly
Call, JR paqes, s«»nt to any address In tho
United States or CanHna on; >var for $1.
EMPLOVMEXT WANTED MALE.
A COMPETENT man and wife desire situa-
tions; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
RELIABLE old man with references desires j
any employment at moderate terms. Box :
1S22 Call office. j
SORER, steady man. experienced gardener,
with Al references; handy with tools: carpen-
ter, plumbing, painting, etc ; can run steam
or gasoline engine; wages $30 and found.
Address A. M.. box 1S01. Call office.
FIREMAN wishes employment: handy with
tools; long experience. Address P. HEL-
P>IG, Dewey Hotel.
YOUNG German wishes position as elevator !
boy or Janitor. 22S Natoma et. •
STEADY young man, experienced as porter or
man about place, wants position in city. Ad-
dress B.. box 1819, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family; thorough experience; strict-
lj r sober; uso no tobacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R., 8C9 Mission st. ¦
WANTED — By young man aged 20, position
preferably in city, firing steam boiler or run-
ning small engine; has fair knowledge of.
steam engineering; also understands dyna-
mos, electric motors, etc. • only very moder-
ate wages expected. Box 6S4. Call offlce.
YOUNG man; coachman and general work; ex-
perienced in care of horses, carriages, cows,
gardener, etc.; references; city or country.
Box 689, Call office.
SITUATION as bookkeeper or collector: good
penman; quick flgurer; good references. Box
691. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants a poal-
tlon; references. Box 690, Call offlce.
SOBER youth of 18 wants position of some
. kind in city: 4 years In drug store; will work
very reasonable; good references. Address ,
P. O. box 101, Los Banos, Cal.
MANY years' experlencd Japanese cook wants
position; city or country. Box 1806, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pnbscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
EXCHANGE.
AN old-established blacksmlthlng and horse-
shoeing business, on account of death of
owner, for sale for cash or will exchange for
real estate and pay difference. 22 Cortland av.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1O71V4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. 60c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS. oottagesT Ttc! ITm. SPECK &
CO.. 6S7 Market Bt.
726 Bush; f., 4 r...$12 50 3fB Tehama: f., 4 r..$ll
112 Fell; f., 4 r $16 3354 20th; f., 6 r $11
132 Scott; f., 6 r.....$18 250ft Tehama; L, 5 r.$10
675 Geary; t., 4 r.... $9 650A Jessie; f.. 3 r.. $9
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. 667, 973, S75 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA. 1410%, near Hyde— Handeoine
lower flat 6 rooms.
CORNER; upper flats. 7 rooms and bath. $12;
5 rooms and bath. $10. 4499 Seventeenth st.
COZY, inexpensive flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
1044 and 10; 0 Sacramento Bt., below Mason.
FLAT, $13; also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; key
at C23 Second St., near Mall Dock.
FLATS, 4 and 6 rooms, bath; oft Howard St.,
bet 12th and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard st.
FULTON. 225— Flat of 8 rooms; rent $9.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION, 2943— Flat of fi rooms; stable If de-
sired. 1
NEW modern sunny flat: 6 rooms and bath;
rent S20. 1315 Stelner st.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Bay-window flat of 3
rooms; rent $12 50.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent 125. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
S.W. COR., Just completed, upper flat of 7
rooms; all sunny and up-to-date In every
particular, $35. 1617 Page st. . .
6 ROOMS arid bath; clean; rent $22. . 981 Harrl-
Bon Bt.. near Sixth. '
$S — 1 FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; separate yard
and water found. 887% Hayes st. :
$S— UPPER flat; 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet St..
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant. •
$12—5 ROOMS and bath. 1718A- Leavenworth
street. .. , . ' -- : ' : ¦ .
FURNITURE KOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for »4S B0. with N^
7 range. Xing Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 77S Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture. carpeU. 757 Mission; tel. R»d 3S53.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, summer resort, $25,
fare paid; restaurant cook, city, $25, Rood
place; German cook, $35; 2 girla, housework,
American families, city, $25 each; German
cook and waitress. Institution across the bay,
$35 and $20; French second girl, city, $25; 2
second girls. $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 823
Sutter st. -. .-¦?
A— LAUNDRESS, resort, $25; 2 laundresses,
city and country hotels. $20 each; waitress,
hotel, Santa Cruz, $20; chambermaid and wait
one meal, city, $20; boarding-house cook,
country. $25; ranch cook, $25. fare paid; cook,
email, private sanitarium $25: housework,
Santa Cruz, ?25. 3 In family. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. ' _
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses for Vichy, Gllroy. Shasta
Springs free fare; 6 waitresses, different re-
sorts, ?20; waitress, Sacramento, 1 $25; Fresno,
$"5, fare here; 2 waitresses, Marysville, $20,
to go to-day; 2 waitresses. Visalia; wait-
resses, Napa, Watsonville, Keswick, Madera
and city. $20; 4 chambermaids to wait, city
end country, $20; ° chambermaids, $17 EO;
plain laundress, city, $23; pantry girl, first-
class resort, J23, free fare; housekeeper,
rooming house, $20 and room
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman cook for men on ranch, »30 month,
family cooking (no objection to one child);
woman for housework lor one woman, coun-
try, good home; ranch cook, $25; woman cook.
Grass Valley, good place, $20 to $25. fare paid,
and £5 housegirls, city and country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ,_
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitress. Son-
oma resort, fare paid, $25; dining-room girl,
commercial hotel. $25: girl for general house-
work, good cook, fc'anta Cruz Mountains. $30;
girl, general housework, 2 In family, city,
$25; working housekeeper, San Joee, $12 50,
nice easy place; restaurant waitress, $25 and
$7 week; 2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains, $20; chambermaid, wait one meal, $20;
6 second girls, city and country^ $20 and $25,
and a large number of girls for general
housework.- city and country, $20, $25 and
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter Bt.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $15;
two second girls, $20 and $25; houseglrl, 2 in
family, $20. nurseglrl, $20; ranch cook, $25;
cook,- $30; 50 houseglrls, $25 and $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $20; same house; nurse
for invalid lady, $25. MRS. CATTELL. 625
Eighth St.. Oakland.
WOMAN wanted; small private family; plain
cooking and assist with housework; $13 per
month, room and board; steady home to right
party. 2213 Octavla »u. between Jackson and
Washington.
GIRL for general housework; good home. 823
Fulton at. •
WANTED — Waitress for small restaurant. 84SV4
Third st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; i In fam-
ily; no children. 1930 Sutter Bt.
LIGHT housekeeping; easy place; small wages.
Address or call after 4 p. m. at 710 Lombard.
GIRL wanted to learn halrdressing. MISS L.
KEEGAN, 134 Powell st.
BHIRT and overall operators: Inexperienced;
Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mis-
sion, st.
! WANTED — Two waitresses. 619 Montgomery
st.,- at once.
GERMAN girl for general housework; good
cook; small family; no children. 819 F\ilton
St., near Fillmore.
! WANTED— A girl for general housework; 3
adults; wages $15. 729 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG grirl for general housework at 1018
Geary st.
BRIGHT girls wanted to learn bookbinding
work. Box 693, Call.
GIRL for housework and cooking. $15 a month;
t In help. 1117 Van Ness ave.
STRONG young girl for general housework?
wages $1B. 620 Sutter st. ; can sleep home.
WANTED — Girl to assist housework (Protest-
ant). 1307 Vermont st.. nr. Twenty-fourth,
upstairs.
COMPETENT cook. $25 a month. Call 2111
Pine st., 10 to 11 a. m. only.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages
$20. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m,. 908 O'Farrell.
STRONG woman for general housework. 100
McAllister st
GIRL to work half day; no Sunday work;
¦ sleep home: $12. 619 Sacramento st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $13. 623
McAllister et. >
GIP.L wanted for light housework; good
home. 623 Halsht st. *
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking;
small family adults; srood wages; reference.
Call 9 to 12 a. m. at 1725 Turk st.
WANTED— A lady barber at 816 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on vests;
steady work; good wages. 956 Mission st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in laundry and tend
office. Standard, 114 Hayes st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV1
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 3216 Fremont St.;
no experience necessary: good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operator* on overalls.
STANDARD BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
skirts to work In factory; steady work; good
pay. A. AARON. 579 Miselon st
WANTED — A lady dependent upon her own ex-
ertions for a livelihood to travel. T. Z.. box
700, Call office.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as
representative for wholesale house. Box 6S5.
Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework In
fltchange for a home; small family; no chil-
dren. Box 6G0. Call ofnce.
GIRL, fjeneral housewc , cooking, washing;
small family; wages ?20. 616 Halght st.
GERMAN girl for downstairs work and assist
In cooking. 101S Sutter st.
FINISHERS on custom coats; good wages; also
apprentice girl. 304 Tehama Bt.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 609 Kearny, R. 2.
EXPERIENCED operators and . finishers on
gents' white shirts. C35 Valencia st.
GERMAN* girl for general house-work. Call
606 Castro St.; wages $20.
COMPETENT girl wanted; bookblndery. MY-
BELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 7S1 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED
Cook for Yosemlte Valley, see 1 boss here. $30;
marker for laundry, $30; washer for laundry,
$30: young man about place, $20; trucker for
warehouse, $1 SO day and board; sack sewer,
$2 day and board; man to £>lck up sacks, $2
day and board: 4 harvest hands, $2 day and
board; 4 teamsters, hauling loose hay, $125
day and board; 2 miners, $3 a day; 2 waiters,
country, $30; 6 laborers around mine, no ex-
perience needed, $2 a day and steady work;
£ milkers, city and country, $30, $32 50 and $35;
4 lumber pliers. $35; blacksmith helper on
ranch, $35; milker, 15 cows and make butter,
$30. W. D. KWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Competent dishwasher for summer
and winter resort at $25 per month and found.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
S BLACKSMITHS for Jobbing ¦ shops, -wagon
shops, etc., $2 BO to $4 day: wheelwright for
ranch. $33; lronmolders. $3 25 to $3 50 day;
blacksmith helpers, $1 B0 nnd board and $2
day; cabinetmakers, $2 75 day; boy for plan-
lng mill; carpenter for mill, $45. and board;
miner, $3 day; 3 laborers for mine, $2 day; 25
woodsmen; 20 laborers for '¦ mill; 20 railroad
men, free fare; teamsters, $1 day and board:
foreman for small fruit ranch; 2 buttermak-
ers. $40 and board and $60; married driver for
baker's wagon, $45, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife for resort, $55; restaurant and
hotel cooks; cako baker, $18 week; second
baker for country, $40 and board; waiter,
country hotel, $30; restaurant waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
(£8 Sacramento st. :-..<•"'. .'-=.-,
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie lal ,
WANTED — Retail salesman, ' experienced • In
grocery business; give references. Box- 1821,
Call. ' ¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - . ¦ - -.
WANTED— Boy who has worked in printing
office; give age, references and experience.
- Box 1S05, Call. ¦¦ ¦ - - .-¦
YOUNG man to . work 3 hours dally for tui-
tion. S. F. Bus. College. 1236 Market st.
SHOE salesman— Factory with a $75,000 . trade
on this coast wants salesman having: ¦ soms
trade on men's welts to handle their line on
commission. Box 1804. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced grocery clerk. Call at
1600, Hayes St., corner • Lyon. . ¦„ :,
OROCERY clerk wanted; no bar; German pre-
f erred. 2420 California st •
WANTED— One carpenter on Inside finish; $3.
- 1C3 Potrero ave., near Fifteenth, st.' firare B Bryant to Mathllde Hertz, lot on
Sll?e of Clay street. 106:3 E of Scott. E IS by
S H C enry 10 M. d# Campos to John Oliver, undi
vided one-flf th Interest in the following: ¦ Lot
on N line of Geary street. lM.^ W of Lyon^
W 25 by N l"0; also lot on W line of Wood
HEAL - ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J B Fraser. Uklah
R J Qu'.nn, Cal
S Stokes, San Diego
W W Brown. Colusa
J D Bradley, Merced
C H Meeker, Pac Grov
P J Snodgrasa & tain.
Selma
G M l>avls, Vallejo
A H Hart. N Y
C W Pendleton, L Ang
C Teague, Fresno
J A McClurff. Oil City
W L Wood & w. Cal
J F Overhalt. Chko
O W Hure, Oregon
A W Drummond. Ptld
A D Amerows, Iowa ]
J S Powers, Iowa
D C Mitchell, Cal
J Lessen. Portland
A L Scofleld & w. L A
E B Root. Los Ang -
O Stobie, Cal
J D Barry, Cal
F Treskow, Crockett
J Princevalle & w. Cal
C II Ntcoll & w. N Y
S H HilUard & w, 111
S H Brlggs &ov. Cal
J5 L King. San Jose
Dr G W Moorehouse,
Ohio
C S Rackllff, Ferndale
L L Ruse, Ferndale
I W Bowen, Loa Angr
Dr L R Lelande, L Ail
D Evans, Eureka
F J Ijariington, L. An
Dr H W P Wolleger,
Wificonsin
J J Thompson, Salinas
Li Carteri. S Barbara
Miss Carteri. S Barbra
J R Weeks. L Ang
Mrs C A Burlelfc-h. Cal
F H Greene, Fresno
E J Conroy, N Y
Dr J Clark. Gllroy
Mrs S J Coul, Provdnce
E O Smith & w. Alaska
L Du Pont Syla & w,
Berkeley
Miss Syle. Berkeley
A L Rabe & w, Cal
W E Emery. Valleclta
W F Lanagan, Cal
Miss Lanagan, Cal
E B Carrtck, N Y
>W E Coul, Sonora
C II Meeker, Pac Grove
J C Mogk, Colusa
E E Harelson. Orland
E E Harrelson, Orland
J H Lyndon. Los Gatos
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Wood & w, S Jose
F A West, Stockton
D K Urake, N Y
R C Cains. Texas
W O Kuckhoff. L. Ang
G W Hoover, N Y
R G Ell. Montreal ;
W Bry, New York
J W Fuller, St Paul
D ti Dyas, St X<ouis
Mrs L V Turner. Seatt
K R Cowles. N Y
X II Johnson, Bajikok
Mrs H B Wilson, Cal
Mrs E Klttredge. Oak
C W Pyle, Kansas Cty
E^P Harbrick, Denver
W B Mallngr, Maine
M Castner & w. Sydny
C T Barbour, Provldce
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A L Trilby. Colusa ,
Mrs J W Klnff. Ill I
W C Hill & w. Cbcgo
JJD Amlot. Eureka
M J Kern, Salinas
O Llndley. Indianapls ;
P Fahel. Merced j
A C Harper & family.,
Boise City
J Moxon & w, Hmbdt
A McOlen, Eureka ¦
O W Wyman. Half mn
Bay • •
A A Rrown, Cincinnat
O R Morso. Bloomfleld
P J llonson. Stockton
S . P Smith. Boston •
P Rlley & w, Uos Ang
HOTEL ABBIVAI^S.
GRAND HOTEL.
Monday, June 25.
Etmr Rival, Johnson, 18 hours from Usal.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. 23 hours from Kureka.
Schr Oceania Vance. Murchlson, 12 days from
New TVhatcom.
Schr Volant. Ericksen, 9 days from Grays
HarbOr ' CLEARED.
Monday, June 23.
Stmr TJmatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Marechal Suchet, Heade, Queens
town; O W McNear.
SAILED.
Monday, June 25.
Etmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. ¦• ¦",
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno. N
Echr Sadie. Smith Umpqua.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Tending.
SPOKEN.
May 12, on equator, long 29 W— Gex bark
Altai r, from London, for San Diego.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. June 25— Br ship Glenoril. from
London, for Vancouver, put into Tocopilla with
captain dead.
V TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived June 25— Schr
Eric, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 24— Stmr Ruth, from
Ekaffuar;
Sailed June 24— Stmr Queen, for Sltka; stmr
Willamette, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 23— Br ship Shandon, for United
Kingdom. •'-. r*'*^
Arrived June 25— Stmr Cleveland, from Capo
Nome. - ¦ ¦ *
PORT HAX>LOCK— Arrived June 25— Schr Se
quoia, from Seattle; Br stmr Bloemfonteln,'
from Seattle.
Sailed June 23— Br stmr EnerjrLa, for Mel
bourne.
EUREKA— Sailed June 25— Stmr Del Norte.
for Portland, via Coos Bay.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed June 24— Stmr "W H
Kruger, for San Francisco^ via Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Coquille River, hence June 19.
Sailed June 25— Schr Azalea, for Honolulu;
schr Guide, for San Francisco.
WALDPORT— Sailed June 22— Schr Amethyst,
for San Francisco. \ .
ASTORIA— Sailed June 25— Br stmr Inverness,
for China.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 23 — Ger stmr
Seraphis, Irom Hambursr-
Sailed June 2S— Ger Btmr Seraphis, for San
Francisco.
CAPE FLATTERY— Passed June 23— Ship M
P Grace, from Honolulu, for Port Hadlock.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 25— Schr Ida
Schnauer, from Port Townsend.
. PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 25— Bktn Ska
elt. for Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 25— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 24.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed June 25— Stmr
Navarro, for Ventura. - •
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 24— Stmr Aztec,
from Port Los Angeles.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 22— Br bark Ra
venscourt, from Seattle.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived prior to June
12— Fr bark Amiral Troudo and Fr bark Chas
for San • Francisco.
In port June 4— Br ship Cape Wrath, for San
Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed June 24— Br ship Riverside,
Gounod, to load for San Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed June 23— Fr bark Mare
chal de Turenne, for Hull.
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 25— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence June 6.
DELAGOA" BAT— Saned June 25— Ship Wm H
Macy. for Sydney. i
AX JKR— Passed -.June 17— Ship Governor i
Roby. from New York, for Hongkong.
¦ ENSKN ADA— Sailed June 25, at t p m— Stmr
Curacao, for San Franciaco.
OYSTER "HARBOR — Sailed June 24— Ship
Charmer, for St Michael. •
OCEAN , STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 25— Stmr Maine,
from Bremen.
SYDNEY. .NSW — Arrived - June' 24 — Stmr
Aorangl, from Vancouver, via Honolulu and.
Brisbane.
Sunday, June 24.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from. Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr South Coact, Olsen. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
ARRIVED.
Same contractors with City Street Improve
ment Company (sub contractors), architect
same — Take down and remove present build
ing and do all the excavating, trenching, pile
driving and bulkheading for same on same;
$3473^
Same contractors with Dwyer Bros, (sub
contractors); architect same— Cast and wrought
iron work for same on sam*; $1488.
Same- owner with Charles Dunlop (con
tractor), architect same— Lathing and plaster
ing for same on same; $4125.
Same owner with H. Williamson Company
(corporation), contractors; architect same —
Plumbing, gasflttlng. drain and marble work
for same on same; 12319.
Mrs. Ucilla E. Cook (owner) with P. J.
Brennan (contractor), architects McDougall
Bros. — Carpenter work, tinning and galvanized
iron, railings, marble work, mosaic tiling, mill
work, glazing, stairs, electrical and brick work
and painting for constructional purposes for a
two-story frame bulldlnjr. with cellar, on E
line of Howard street, ISO X of Xineteenth. N
60 by E 1J2:6, MB ES; $3986.
J R. Tajcott (owner), with W. T. Veltch &
Bro. (conttoctors). architect G. W. Percy— All
work for a three-story and basement brick
btuldlne en SW line of Spear street. 137:6 SE
of Market. EE 45:10 by SW 137:6; $26,358.
W, T. Veltch & Bro, (contractors) with
Cushing-Wetmore Company (corporation), sub
contractors, architect Fame — Concrete and arti
ficial stone work for same on same: S1S00.
Same owner with W. B. Knowles and George
Rcichley (contractors), architect same — Carpen
ter and mill work, glass glazing, hardware,
stair, tin and galvanized iron work, roofing,
skylights, painting, staining, varnishing, etc.
for same on same; $21, €00.
Same owner with Vulcan Iron Works (con
tractors), architect same— Cast and wrought
iron, structural steel, Illuminating tiles and
fire escapes for same on same; $14,010.
John D. Spreckels (owner) with Smyth Bros,
(contractors), architects Reid Bros. — Lathing
and plastering for residence on NE corner of
Pacific avenue and Laguna street; ..6S1L
Herman and Emily Veeder (owners) with
Russell & Stahl (contractors), , architect Fred
H. Meyer — All work for a two-story frame
structure on N line of Seventeenth street, 666
W of Castro. W 49:4 by X 150; *2GS6.
Emily Wilson (owner) with Thomas W.
Butcher (contractor), architect G. W. Percy —
Excavating-, concrete, granite, terra cotta and
brick work, cementing and flue linings for a
seven-story and basement brick and terra cotta
buildins on SW line of Market street, 176:6 NE
of Sixth. XE 49:3 by SE 170: S19.4SO.
William Ede Company (a corporation, own
ers) with George Goodman (contractor), archi
tect Albert Fair — Cribbing, Bheet piling, pump-
Ing and concrete foundation for a four-story
brick building on W corner of First and Minna
streets, SW 150, NW 80, NE 75, SE 35, KE
75, SE 43: $7403.
Builders' Contracts.
Sarah D. Sanderson (widow) to John J. John
eon, lots 4 to 9, block 26, of Northern Addition
of town of Llvermore. Murray Township; $200.
Carl Dechow to Jensine V. Dechow, lots 11
and 12, block IS, North Alameda Tract, Brook
lyn Township; also lot 25. block 56, on map of
James B. Larue's addition to town of Clinton.
East Oakland: gift. \
R. W. and Lottie V. Tutt to E. A. Heron,
lot on N line of Railroad avenue or Seventh
street, 75 W of Chestnut street, W 89. N 70, E
10. N 30, E 79, S 100 to beginning block 537.
Oakland; also lot on X line of Railroad avenuo
or Seventh street. 25 W of Linden, W 47 by X
100. block 53S. Oakland; $10.
Wliliam and Annie Shields to George G. Mor
riscm, lot on S corner of lands formerly of John
Everdlng- and new county road, thence SE 1.63
chains, SW 4.0S chains. XW 4.73 chains, XE 3.20
chains to beginning, Berkeley; $3qO.
Alanleda County.
Joseph I. Lawless to Anna Joost. lot on XE
corner of Carolina and Napa streets, N 252:10
by E 100; also -lot on E line of land conveyed
by Leland Stanford to James P. McCarthy,
January 5, 1S91, described in 14S9 D S- i. at a
point distant 2 chains due 3 from stake "X.
J. P.," IS S 12 chains 11 links, N 70 degrees S4
minutes. W U chains 14 links, N 25 decrees 6
minutes, E 2 chains. S 70 degrees 34 minutes,
E 5 chains. N ?5 degrees 61 minutes, E 5 chains
SO links, X 4 chains 20 links, containing 7.9
acres: {JO. •»
Marten Joost to same, lot oa W 11ns of Kan
sa* Mrej«. 275 N of Humboldt. N 25 by "W
Marten B. Joost to same. 2S desciiptions will
airear in full in following issue, gift.
Margaretha E. Tietjen to Marten B. Joost,
lots 23 and 24. block 19. lots 44 and 45, block
23. City Land Association; also lot on X line
of Lobos street. 760 E of Plymouth, X 125, E
64. SE 92, SE 110. W 206, block Q; also lot
2. block W, Railroad Homestead Association;
also Jots 120 and 121, block 32, lot 98. block 23.
Falrmount; lots 13.".. 133, 140 and 163, block 22,
Mission and Thirtieth streets Homestead; lot
12, block 39, Sunnyvale Homestead; lot 12, sub
division S, block 2, Paul Reservation Home
stead; $10.
Milton S. - El.«ner to J. B. Relnsteln. lots 1
to 4, block 13, lots 1 to 8, block 6, lots 3 to 6,
block 5, San Miguel City; $5.
Hannah M. Solomons to Charles H. Kines,
lot on SE line of Arlington street, 163 NE o?
Roanoke, NE 12:6 by SE-146, block S, Fair
mount; JS.
*~Paul Hellmann to California Wine Associa
tion (a corporation), lot on SW line of Regent
street, .150 NW of San Jose road, NW 50 by
SW 100, subdivisions 13 and 16. Pforr's Addi
tion to West End Homestead; $400.
Annie McBrlde (single) to Annie G. Coffey
(wife of Henry E.), lot on N line of T street.
57:6 W of Tblrty-nlnth avenue, W 75 by N
100; $10.
Joseph, Martha and John Mooney to Freder
ick Hoist, lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue,
32:6 W of First avenue. W 50 by S 100; $10.
John Cuaid to Mlsouria J. Daly, lot on N
llne^cf Q street, 107:6 E of Thirty-eighth ave
nue, E 60 by N 100; JS5.
John R. Winterton to Kate A. Forester, lot
on E line of Powell street, 20 S of Fella place,
S 22 by E 65:6; Kift.
street, 371:9 N, of Point Lobos avenue, N 53
by W 100; $792.. ?
Michael C. Dunn, to Henrietta J. Kruse. lot
on W line of Alabama street, 176 N of Twenty
elxth. N 29 by W 100; $1500.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JUNE 2G, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
11
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
HOWARD. S$S. ccr. 6th — Nicely furnished sunny
rocrr.s reasonable; by day. week or month.
HOTEL Francisco — Elepant suites; elngle: trac-
tient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
CRAM) SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
elr:g!e; ladies' parlor: reading room: elevatcr.
GEAEY. 405 (TheXavirre)- Elegantly furnishee
rooms: suites or elngrle: travelers acco'dated.
FOURTH, 2£\£— Nicely furnished bay-window
end tingle roem? ; moderate; quiet.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 626 California st.— For the half
year ending with June SO, 1900, a dividend hag
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half f3'i) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY,
July 2. IW). GEO. TOURKT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 6?2 California St.. corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 3Cth cf June.
1500. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per
cent on term dei>osita and three (3) per cent
cn ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
cn and arter MONDAY. July 2. im
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
27 and 23 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMESS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Ugr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
3'est^rflay:
Francisco Fanubchi. S3. 10C6 Sansome street,
and Rosalinda Gloigl. 23, 1010 Alta street.
Carol Cochen. 23, city, and Frances Auzanska,
21. city.
P^-ter Thomson, 29, 102 Lanston street, and
Karolino Losch. 24, S28 Folsom street.
Jame3 F. Hill, 36. Berkeley, and Jessie M.
Crawford, 23. city. ,
Giovarnl Manconl. 25, city, and Maria Kosl,
SO, city.
Francisco Bertoluccl. 2<*. 12 Ohio place, and
Mecelina Bertrlucci. 20. 12 Ohio place.
Jantln Mirassou. 22. 1C06 Central avenue, and
Vlrginle Mas5olllno. 39. 1606 Central avenue.
John 11. Radford. 23. 25o3 Folsom street, and
Lillian J. Oakes, 24. 5 Lexington avenue.
Walter C. Hoyt. 21. 1513 McAllister street, and
Jennie Champion 19. 1513 Post street.
James H. Gibb. 60. Stockton, and Louisa.
Bliss, M. C40 Golden Gate avenue.
Louis J. Demangeon. 2S, 31 Belvedere street,
and Julia F. Robertson. 27, 31 Belvedere street.
Edward A. Goodfellow. 21. 1C09 Davis street,
and Margaret A. Rellly. 13. 851 Hayes street.
Robert H. Dunbar, 45. - 236 Noe street, and
Clara M. Smith. 25, ST37 Seventeenth street.
Antolne Vaissler. 51, S22 Jessie street, and
Justine F. Robert. 4?. 822 Jessie street.
Patrick J. Fulllvan. 26. Palmdale. and Cather-
ine Casey. 21, 212 Broadway.
MAEKIAGE LICElSTSiiS.
A BRANCH office for Call a<!vertls»raents and
rubscrlptlons ha» been established at 1CS6 Va-
lencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and »abFcrlptlons
r»c«ived at Call branch effiee. 2290 Flllmor« st.
THE OAKS. Ili Tbird— A srood rooming house
for cood people. H. HUGKE8. proprietor.
VALENCIA 11CJ-3 sunny front rooms, com-
riete; kitchen; large porch; washroom; tli.
SIXTEENTH. 25^2-Suany furnished front
room : rent $5 a month. . ¦
TENTH 123. near Market— Lanre sunny front
bay- window rooms; also eingle room.
6IXTH. USA — Sunny bay window roonjs. $2 SO a
wetk; also single rooms.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st.
r.»>»r Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
EOVAL HOUEE. lrfi Ellis et.— Incandescent
Hirht reading room, srooklng room and ladles'
rarlor; rootr.s. per night, 3ic to I1M; week $2
to IS: month *S to Ki: elevator on office floor,
rocn-.» with hot «nd coid water: baths.
HOFEDALE House. J2» and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.iEht, It>c to |1^ week, U £5 to $4; open night.
POWELL. Ill— L'.ght. clean rms. : suites or sin-
gle: transient; running water; rates reduced.
POST. — & — Bohemia: finest eunny rooms In city
fcr families and irentlemen: all conveniences;
references from the bert people ln city.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. rao.
ICE.W ArMr.gtcn. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
roornt : Stc a day op: t2 a week up;_transient.
MISSION, 1221. r.ear new Postofflce— Nicely
furnished tlnsle front room; JO.
inSNA. C67. cor. Eichth-New furnUhed bay-
window rcorn. fl per w**k; transient.
ilcALLIS-TER, lir^S — Room suitable for two;
bath arid ;•..-. rent J6.
MARTHA rlaoe. 6, off Geary, bet. Taylor and
Misnn- 1 large tunny front rocm; also front.
THE ERADBURT. 1004 California— New modem
farr.;:y hotel; excellent table; 100 beautifully
furr.lffced rooms: moderate: phone Hyde 2771.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND. " T91 Sutler— Choicest
Jocatior.; finely furnifhed: superior table; ele-
vator: Flnsle rooiss. with board, J30 up; tuits
la jropcrtlon.
fecur* particularly desirable acecm. at mod-
eft rates; special rates families; runny rms..
«i r«lte or rlnirle: best tsble in >an Franclsc;.
IIOOMS AND BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. £S7— An excellent opportunity to
BOKN.
BISHOP— In this cltr. June 16. 1300, to the
wife of Charles J. Bishop, a daughter.
CASEY— In this city, June 11, 1200. to the wife
of Mike Casey, a con.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
rr.i!! will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rcr.s authorised to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Las PaLMAS. lilt Market et.— Suite of 2 or 8
rri«. • rrlvnf^: :jsth: «tn. rm*.: board optional.
FRANKLIN. C-OS. rortiT Fniton— Surny front
roorr;*: bath: ess; breakfast and dinner; pri-
TWENTY -SIXTH. 3577, near Mission— Nicely
rurr.:thed sunny room*, with or without
bcar<J at very reasonable prices.
WEEKLY CALL
81 pep Year.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEAmrrST, EgtabUsaed
, In 1»34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Loet Manbood. I>f bility ot
|dUe»j»TOartnf onboayaodmlndaad
8tcin Diceases. Tbedoctorcnreswben
i others fall. Try him. Charge* iow
« aic«i;iiar»nif r.1. Caljorwiit&
IBBOjT, box l»37. San Frasdaca
Leave San Francisco via Saqsalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS.. ..9:30 a. ra., 1:43 and 5:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2:33 p. m.
Fare 6an FTanclsco to Summit and return. *1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
! Finest Uuousb train service, wits poUt* ana
ccurteoas employes. Stop-oft allowed at Ufca
Falls. BOfifi C. CX1NJS. P. C. P. Agu,
C. 8. CBJkXB. O. P.Alt- /
fit. irOOi*. SlOk
New York and New England Points.
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Locis
WABASH
NIAGARA, FILLS SDORT LINE
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1300.
FROM SAN FTtANCISCO TO MILL V-ALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. '8:30. 9:30, 11:00 a. bclz
12:45, »l:45. 3:15, 4:15, «5:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *8:0O. •9:00. »10:CO. 11:00. 11:»
a. m.; U:45. 1:30. 2:S0. *l:U, 6:00. 1:00. 7^8
p. rr>. "*
ll:C0 a. ro. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marfeed (•) run to San Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:35. *6:«>. 7:S0. S:40. "10:15 a.
in.: 12:30. 1:15. 1:15, 'S:*). 4:S0. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS cn -Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 n> in.
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8:00. "9:50. •11:00a. m.; 1TM
m.: 1:00, 2:13. •S:30. 4:30. m 5:G. 8:45. 7^0. l«:ia
p. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Qu-ntin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAYS— «:»X «:«. 8:00. 8:J5. 1H:» »,
».; 12:35, 1:48. 2:4S. S:JO. 4:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. S:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 12:14
1:20. 2:50, 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:X9 p.m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptej)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and, war sta-
tions.
11:45 p. ra. . Sundays— Point Rey«« and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Kansas City
AND BACK.
628 Market Street.
Excursion tickets will be
sold on June 28th, 29th
and 30th good for 6odays
to come bacrf. The rate is
made for the Democratic
National Convention, but
any one can use the
tickets.
6o
DOLLARS
Santa Fe Route.
0OUYHEBBI rACIPIO CODfAB^
(PACirtO KVSTEM.)
Train* !••»*• »•..« »r« dn« «•» xrrlv* sm
man rKAM«:iwco.
{Main Line, Foot of Market Street,)
LKatk — Frou Mat 13. 1200. — ABUTS
•7:00 a Benicla, Stilauu, Elmir», VaearQIe,
Rnmsej »nd S&sr&mento *7i49»
•7:00a ShaiU EzpreH-Dt>Tt«, Williamii (for
Bartlett Sprinn). Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. *7i*.3»
*7:8Oa M»rtluej;, 8»nK*mon,Valle]o, Napa.
OallBtcgaau<lSailt» Rota *0ilO?
•8:«Oa T>\iU, Woodlaod, Knigbto Landing,
Marystllle. OroTille. «7HSr
•StOOA Atlmntio Kxpreu-Ugileu and Eaat *11:43«
•BiitOA San .lose, Llterravre, Ntockton,
lone, Sacrtnifiito, PUcerTiUe,
Mnryi.Ul*. Chlco, Ited Illuif MilSp
*Si3Oa Oakdale. Chtuea*. (for Yosemlte).
8ouora. Carters. a 4:13r
¦O:OOa najwardi, Mlrs and Waj Station*. •! I :«3*
•»:0« a Lot Acgelci Eipre<u — Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton. Mereed
and Freano *0i49v
•9::ii»* Talleio. Martinez and Way Station! •»i<:*r
•1O:OOa Tho OTerlaodtiinltcd— Oeden, Den>
tor. Omaba. Chicago »3il3r
•11:OOa Kilen, l.lfcnnore, Stockton, Sacra- "•
m«it~ Mendota, Hartford, Vlaallas,
PortorTllle M:lBr
•IS:OOm Haywr.niB, Nllei and Way SUtlooi. •2>4»r
f l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Sttauiers 13:0»a
•:S:tM»p Ilayward*, NiU-a and Way Stations. *3:4ar
¦4iO»p Martinoz, Hau IUuoon. Tallejo.
Napa. CalUloga, Santa Itoaa •BiISa
MiOOr Benicla, Winters, flaorainenfto,
M'botllaiMl, Knikh'.i LaDdUS.
Mary*vlll», Oro»lll« a IO:««A
MiSOrNIles, SanJuaaaud Stockton *?>ISt
•5sOOpTli« Oirl Limited— I'raer, Fresno.
Bakenfleli), Sangm for ijants Bar-
bara. I-os Ameles. "SUOl
*5i00r Fresno Passenger— Martinez, Lath-
rot), Stockton, Mrrcctl. Uereada
(Raymond for Voseml**), Ktniio.. *l3:ISr
¦3t30p New JrlPtDt Cxrreu— llakerilield,
Hauta Harbaia, I.ui Angeles, Dem*
Ing, El Faio, New Orleans »ud
Ratt •¦!««
•SiIOp Hanta Vn Uoute-Atlantlo Eir»e«
for aiojara and Kaat *0:l3f
•COOP Haynanla. Nile* and Han Jost *?i4.1*
<O:OOr Va!Ie)o >lSil8r
¦OiO«r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cbeyenst,
Omaha. Chicago *lli4S«
•6:00p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denter,
Ot.ialm. Chicago. 'lilOr
}7i00r Vallejo, Tort Costa and Way fjta-
tlous 1 1»i33f
•¦iO5p Otegnn anil California ICi(ireM,Nite-
niiientu, Marxntllle, lte<!tllnE,
rortUn.l. I'ligat Him.,.; ami Ka»t 'EiIBa
COAST DIVISION (Narrow 4Jas K e).
- ¦' (Footcf Market Street.)
t7l48A Banta Oraz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and ri-iucipal.Way SUtiom ISiOSr
*SiISa Nenark.Cnutertiliif.Hin Joan, Triton,
Boulder Crrek.SauU Unix aud Way
HUUotia »6;2«»
taiISp Newark, UenterTlll-.>, Can Jose, New
% Almadeu, Fditon, ItonUier Crtek,
Santn Crux and l'riuclpal Way
Stations : t •»:•"»•»
•4«I5p Newark. Nan Jose, Ix>» Oatoj 'aj."***
q4iiapGlenwood. Felton. Hanta Cruz «»!aoA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSlI rRlKUSlO— ?t«t of UirUt Itrtil (Slii «)— -
•7:15 0:00 11:00*. u. 11:00 *3:09 13:90
•«:Q0 15:03 *6:C3r->».
fumOilUlID— rwlsfBiMlw.T.— '6:00 8:00 10:004.*,
tl3:00 »l:03 tS:S3 '3:38 MM 'B:Q3r.it,
COAST l»l VISIOX (Itroail4;ant;e).
(rhlrtUinl Towiweml Sts.)
?•iIOa Ocean View. South .San ftxnelaco.. |0«Mi?
t?tOOA Kan Jo» «h.I Way 8UUi.na (New
Alinmien \V.m1i.«».I;ih i.nly). «Ii»O»
t?:80A SunAiy Exeorsloo for Saa Joee,
Bants' Cr-ji, Pad 3c Grov« ana
Principal Wny Stations I»:35»
•».OO» Han .!«,»,.. Tim Tino*. Hanta CTruz.
raclf'.a (Jroto. Tann Kubles. Hau
I.iili Obiaiin, 8urf, I^xnpoc and
I'rli.cipal Way Sutiutu M:IOr
•IOKOa Ba«Juse and Way .Stations '1:3.1a
•IliaOA EtanJoso.LoaGatosKutlWay.SUtloiis *3:aop
t'<t:43rSan Matro. ttedwoori, Menlo Paik,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Ji.se.
Tres PIdos. Santa Crux. Salioas.
Monterey ami TacKle Grot« (IO::t«H
t»!S»r Han Jose and May Htatlons ........ *T:3Op
44tl3r San Jo9«Kn<U > rincipal n' ay Htatlons *U:43a
t3:00r S.in Jose, ail Oatos and Principal
Way Stations. V <B:OOa
•SsltOr Sac Jose and Principal Way Stations t*:3.1«
•n::i»r SviJonuul Way Stations 18t«O A
fllt-iap San Jose anil Way Stations *7:3Or
A for Morning ' P f or Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday szeepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday sad Honda*.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcaron Ferry, Foot ol .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN IU?AEk
WEEK DAYS-7:30i tM. U.-CO a. xa.: 11:85.
1:30. 5:10, C:SO p. a. ThursdaTB— Extra trip
at 11:20 o. m. HaturdUya— Extra trlpa at l:it>
and 11:30 D. m.
BUNDATS-«:00. »J0, llrt© «. m-i t:30t «:3^
6:C0, 6:23 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50, »:», U:10 m. to.; 13:43.
t:4S, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Estr* trip* at
1:SS and c.tz p. in.
EX*NDATS~S:10. t:40. 11:13 a. m.| 1:40, 3:40.
t:OS. «:25 p. in.
Between win Franotsco maO. Sefaaataea Park
6UM schedule as above.
Leare I In Effect. I Arrtr»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1*00.1 8*n Franctaco.
Week J Sua- I I 8n»- I' Week *
Days. [ days, f Dwtlaatlon.| days, j Days.
7:*>am S:00 »m NovatOk 10:10 am 1:40 am
1:30 pm t:30azn Petalutaa. i:C5 pmtli>:35 «xa
t:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:85 pm I.M pm
r-* rnltoo. I
7:30 am Windsor. 10:3 ia
Heaidatrozx.
Lytton.
Oejisei till*.
l:S0pm 8tf0«m CloverdaJe. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am| I Roptand I [10:23 ara
t:30 pm[ ».-00 am[ and Uklah. | TJ5 pm| > K> pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8: CO am Gaernerille. 7:13 pm
1:30 pm «:»> pra
7:39 am! 8^0 am Sonoma 1:15 am 8:40 aa
1 ' and •
8:lJpm| B:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:0S pm «:» pm
*7:30 anil 8:00 ami 110:40 amjlO:25 ann
»:20 pm! 5:00 ptn| Sebagtcpol. I T:S3 pmj 6:10 pia
Stajcea connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservtlle for Skalrxs Psrir.rs: at Clo-rerdal»
for the Geysers: at Kaplan d for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlnra. Kelseyrtne. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue L ten. Laurel D-U Lake. Witter
Sprlnrs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valli^r.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'*. BnckoeU'*.
SanhetT ln Heights. HallTtlle. Orr"» Hot
Sprines. Mendoclao City. F"crt Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonrllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scctl*
and Eureka. t
Saturday ta Monday round Mo tlekets at
red-cced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all potcta
beyond Pan Rafael at half rat-*.
Tieket of flew. (SO Marie t «.. Chronicle Wig,
H. C. WHITIXO. K. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Aseat.
SAN FRA8CIS60 AND NORTH PACIFIC
I CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTEfiff RY. CO.
And Market-Street
Ferry Depot*
Ticket Office
628 Market Street
To ...
V-«sa ft 1 1 V^ Ul^V/ o o o o o
MODERN eottag-e with barn on street between
Telegraph ave. and Grove st. ; large lot; a.
bargain for quick sale; will trade for clear
vacant lot. M. L. VTURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway.
J100 CAFH: monthly payments as low rent till
paid for; modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, high basement, brick
foundation; all fenced; fine well of water, all
first class: ! fine lots, one a corner; price, all
told. J5"5: city water if desired: street maoad-
amired; nice homes all around: near 3 lines of
electric roads and f.r.e schoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fog or cold winds here; Allendale
Tract, adjoining: Kest Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 415 Seventh St.. near cor. Broad-
Way, Oakland; carriage free. IL Z. JONES,
owner.
E2D0— ELEGANT seven-roomed new Colonial
ccttage; lot 4?xl49 feet: on sunny side of street
ln nice location; half block from electric cars
in Piedmont; carries flat mortgage (2000 at S
per cent; must be sold.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
IOCS Broadway.
JISW— EASTLAKE cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
high basement: lot 25x140 feet; sunny front;
cloee to San Pablo ave.: street work all done:
-walking 1 distance of the City Hall; must Bell
cn account of mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Heal Estate Brokers.
100S Broadway.
i I f\»3 I • • •
Trsin on the -
FIRST...
Ticket to %
FIRST...
Passenger who has the price.
OAKLAA'D HEAIi ESTATE.
FCR SALE— Acre and cottage. 6,^ Batul:
btaur.ul slew. c. HENDERSON IH Mont-
Buutf-iy Ft.
PJtTiTwn^g' pox:!trj- farrr.; Lincoln ave.. up-
r*-r I>"-tva>^^£iyj> E T£2a:LSON--g store.
FOB SALE— Good-paying Investment: country
g*g»_»*y*< at liO. For particular, apply at
..tir»«t cf.rner Ertdy and Taylor rts
FOR rent— Handsome furnished cottage, stable;
convenient local Berkeley. C. HENDERSON,
&?4 Montgomery «U
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EPDY. KH— 6aany suite of roos;s, kitchen, gas
'' c^' *' uiiri^ n > water; compete for house-
EDOT. 5IT— Very durable housekeeping rocas,
iurs'.sr.ed; no ctJldrro; private residence,
EIGHTH. :(*— Sunry front room; kitchen-
rangf. hot an<3 cold water; eunny porch and
stationary wa^htubs; TJ.
F 2Z5£ "H 3 "*** ~oT rocme furnished for
housekeeping; cheap, rent.
FOLgOM. *5S-Tfcree unfurnished rooms for
houMfcefTlng; hot end colJ water; range.
POLfiOU. 77e' s -2 rektly furniehed connecting
hcusekt-f-ping rooms ; aiso 1 single room.
fOrRTH. E3 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
r'.r.sle rocras; reasonable rent.
HARRISON'. TSl— 3 rooms, furnished complete
¦ hnurekeorUng; large yard; rent SZ2.
HOWARD, 142$. between Teeth and Eleventh—
i or 2 rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
LAP KIN. ISC*— F*urnisbeJ single and double
roonr.s; houwkryplng privilege; S3 up.
felCCKA. HZ-l furnished roczaj and bath for
bouekeepiBc,
SlIFSION. 1175— • frcct and 1 rear connectlEK
rorzr^t: furnished: coal stove; running water.
illSSlOX. ITS^i. near Thirteenth — Xlcely fur-
nished room; folding bed, Etove, bath, laun
dry; $5 a month.
MISSION". 1604— Surmy front bay-window rooms;
kitchen; housekeeping; private.
OAK. u« — Sunny ucruraished and furnished
houeelieepirig rooms; stationary tubs; bath.
OCTA.VTA. 140S, ccr. Geary— Punny bay-wir.-
dow; isactel; ras burners for cooking for J;
WANTED — Head this: Want an 8-room house
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will give J1000
ca«h and a good property consisting of an 8-
room flat worth 12000. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEX CO.. 111X Broadway.
BLOCK 64. most be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St..
Ka?t Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chafer. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East tilx-
t»»ith rt.. East Oakland.
POLK. Ed— Furnished ar.d unfurnished house-
kf-ep'-r.g rooms.
EILVKR. lCS. »»r Fcjrth— Parlor and kitchen,
fui-Eishe-S for houBekeeplng.
TURK. o4»— funny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, bath; S3 to
a week.
OAKLAND FCRXISHED COTTAGES.
TO let for three months— Furnished cottage;
Highland Park. East Oakland: 6 large rooms-
gas. water, bath; delightful location; no fog
cr wind; near 2 car lines; 1 hour from city.
O'Rcurk? 8c Jackson. Ytt. Broadway, Oakland.
CLAFSIFIKD advertlsesnents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 1200 Fillmore st.
A LSRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•ub*f-r!ptj©cs ta* been established at 10&G Va-
lencia tt.
UOOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd I nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOCSE, 34S Sixth— Rooms
S5c to tl per night. I", lo to ?:¦ per week, and
15s ht housekeeping; open all night.
BRODERICK. 1914. corner Sacramento— Fur-
r.i^hed bedroom, dining-room, kitchen.
BURNETT, K26 Market st. (old No. 1254)— Fur-
r.irh trie., Euites, single ; also unfurnished.
ELLIP. Hi — Newly furnished rooms for gents
fr cents and wives seeking pennyent loca-
tion. m
FOLSOM. tC5. ccr. €th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.4frh*<l tunny roon;?, single or suites; reaaonbl.
PCHUfESS prcp*rty_Blg sacrifice cn Howard
turret, near 4th. Eew Dix* Co.. Alameda.
MODERN houses and Cats built at lowest
crtce*; plans and e«imate« furnished for all
fundlrg wcrk. CAMPBELL, m; lifJcn «.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture~MovlnB Com-
pany, 2329 Fiilmcre et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
FINE yard for cheap stcrace; fenced In; near
Second st. Apply 6* Silver st., off Third.
WILSON BROS.. Btorage and moving;; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South T62.
BEK.IXS Van and Stcranre Co., ZZZ Mission St.,
tel. Main 1S4O — Parking, moving and storage.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA MCI) A REAL ESTATC.'
IMPHOVEI? and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains: one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1, 2. 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Ear.k.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JoOOiV-ELEGAXT S-room home, complete ln all
details: Fur.ny; corner lot; adjacent to U. C. ;
eieg-ant zriarine view.
flSSO — 6-room cottage with lot «0aJSS; lunnjr
side of street; a minutes' walk to U. C.
gro'JcdF; a snap.
543 rer foot; choicest buildlne Jot: 1 block
of V. C. ; 7.ixl30. M. L." WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, OaJtl&nd.
A GREAT birsaln— Only S3S00 for an lS-room
house; convenient to cars and schools. O. G.
MAY & CO.. I123 Center St.
GOOD ten-room house on corner lot; 1 block
from university; price 14301 O. G. MAY Sc.
CO.. 1123 Center St.. IWkPley.
BERKELEY COTTAGES TO F.ET.
tn"~Vv"M > ? U - N \ 9 " r00m hoUS * ln chol «
,?,J\ a ; er st - "<;»£ Pierce, l Mode from
£T.J?T 8 and you want to fell
fn-Vv^ C S U on tte undemened. W.
J. Gt NN. 5J0 California st
*^i"^T TI1 ? best bar Kain In the city: cost $13,000:
* ~ a * s - , : stores; rents J95. ST» Stockton and
££?£ room 5 * 11 - MCCOLGA *. >« *° n '-
*^iI"°~J HE ch * a W* t buy in town: will more
than double the value inside of 10 years: to
c.<y*+ .-,7, estate will be sacrificed now; an ele-
« ar d- Market " Ft - property, east «f Valencia,
ii S « to r*ar street. Aptly R. MeCOLGAX.
IIO V? E an<! lot: i^ome MOO per year; will be
scid very reasonable. Call at 727 Clementina
«. alter < p. m.
GOOD substantial home in Western Addition
ICT eale; a bargain; lot 2ThxlST4. Box 6T0.
Call offW.
f4000— BARGAIN and «acrlflce; 2 fiats; first-
clasp improvements; rents 131; payg S per cent
net; 2?xST:C. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery »t.. room 2.
BRADLEY— In this city. June 25. 1900. Charles,
belovad son of Charles and Bridget Bradley,
and loving brother of Mrs. E. F. Mattoon.
M!cha«=l Bradley and the late Thoma3, Annie
and Owen Bradley, a native of San Francleco.
aged S5 years and 7 months.
BRANDT— In this city, June 23. 1900, Bernard
L.. beloved husband of Emelle Brandt, and
father of Isaac B. L. and Louis B. Brandt of
tfan Francisco and Mrs. Louis Llebes of New
• York, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 76
years 10 months and 7 days.
tuT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o" clock, from his late resi-
dence, ms Sutter street, thence by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend streets
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for cremation.
OFFICERS ana members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully' re-
quested to"-attend the funeral of our late vice
¦ president. B. L. Brandt, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, from his late residence,
13IS Sutter street. S. ZEKIND, Secretary-
CONWAY— In this city, June 23. 1900, Patrick
Conway. dearly beloved husband of Annie
Conway. and father of Chai-les Conway. a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 50
years.
E^Notice of funeral hereafter.
DUNPHY— In this city. June 24. 1900, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Edward Ihinphy. a
native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 41 Woodward avenue. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FENN— In this city, June 25, 1900. Lyman. be-
loved husband of Delia Fenn, and father of
C. B.. J. A. and L. J. Fenn. a native of New
York, ased 70 years 9 months and 15 days.
GALLAGHER— In this city, June 25, 1900. at
his residence, 91S Broderlck street, James
Gallagher, beloved husband of Ellen Gal-
lagher, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
CXotiee of funeral hereafter. No' flowers.
HAYES— In this city. June 25. 1300, Henry F..-
beloved husband of Amy C. Hayes, and father
of Grace, Homer and Vernon Hayes, aged £0
years. /
U-^" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock,* from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodi?e No. 15,
I. O. O. V. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KLINE— In this city. June 24. 1900. Regina,
relict of the late Louis Kline, beloved mother
of Mrs. B. V. Rdchenberg, Mrs. A. H. Green-
berg. Mrs. H. Ickelheimer and David Kline,
and sister of Max Gennbercer, a. native of
Munich, Germany, aged 64 years and 1 month.
C^Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 1234 Geary
street, thence to Third and Townsend streets
and by special train at 11 o'clock to Home of
Peace Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LIEBERMAN-In this city, June 23. 1900, Theo-
dore Lleberman. a native of Breslau, Ger-
mairy. oped 61 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
LOWREY— In the City and County Hospital,
June 25, ISOfl. Robert Lowrey, a native of
Canada, ased 65 years.
MILLrS-^Tn this city, June 23. 1900, Samuel
Clarendon Mills, beloved husband of Anna E.
Mills, and father of Samuel C, E. J., Heron
Valentine. Gt?orge J., Frank J. and Sabln
Lowi3 Mills. Mrs. A. Seabold. Mrs. J. C.
Martell and Mrs. Clarence F. Bury, a native
of New York City, aged C6 years 8 months
and 9 days.
CTFuneral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence,
S270 Twenty-fifth street, between Howard and
Folsom.
MDRRIS— In Alaraeda, June 24, 1900, Leon, be-
loved son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Morris, and
brother of Jack. Irvin. Rose and Nettle Mor-
ris, a native of Stockton, Cal., aged 27 years
2 months and 18 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Tuesday), from the residence of his uncle,
K. Morris. 1309 Webster street, at 10 o clock.
thence by 11:30 train from corner cf Third
and Townsend streets to Salem Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Court Palo Alto
No. r.3. F. of A., will meet at their hall at
10 o'clock pharp to attend the funeral of their
late brother, Leon Morris. By order of the
C. R. LEO KAUFMAN N, Secretary.
MUELLER— In Stockton. June 22. 1900. Maria
M&gdalena, beloved wife of the late Jacob
MuellPr of Stockton, and mother of Mrs. A.
T. Merten of San Francisco, aged 72 years.
NESTELL— June !2. 1300. Myrtla Adele, beloved
daughter of Delia and the late Herbert Nes-
ttell. aged 7 years and 6 months.
PATTOX— In Alameda, June 2u, 1900, Jasper
Newton Patton. beloved husband of Sophia
Patton, father of Charles Patton. and brother
of Guy Patton of Chicago. 111.. Mrs. Louise
Hale of Soetona. Ohio, and Mrs. Belle Hel-
aick of Washington. D. C. ,
0*Xotice of funeral hereafter.
SAXDBERG— In this city, June 24, 1900. John
F.. beloved husband of Augusta Sandberg.
and father of Kdith. Gunner and Conrad
Pandbersr, a native of Sweden, ayed 32 years
7 months and 23 deays.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from Swedish Evangelical Luth-
eran Ebenezer Church, Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, where services will
be held, commencing at 2 o'cIock. Remains
at the parlors of H. F\ Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHULTZ-In this city, June 24, 1900, Carrie
B.. beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late Philip Schultz. and sister of Mabel, Maud
and Edna Schultz and Mrs. Remington, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 2
months and 13 days.
CCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 2S55 Sixteenth street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. Barlow J. Smith. M.D..
belo^fcd husband of Augusta. T. Smith, and
father of E. Cntton Smith, Mrs. W. B. Ewer
and Mrs. A. H. Winter, a native of Wal-
ling-ford. Conn., aged 73 years and 9 days.
• iriTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from, the chapel
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WEISS— In this city, June 24. 1900. Robert F.,
beloved husband of Anita Weiss, father of
Juanita Weiss, and brother of John W. and
Thtodorla Weiss of Boston, a native of Ger-
many, aged 31 years and 10 days. (Boston
papers please copy.)
(C^FriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 719 Turk street, between Van Ness ave-
nue and Franklin Etreet. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
WELSH— In Watsonville. June 24, 1900, Ella,
beloved dauRht<»r of James and Ellen Welch,
and loving sister of Richard. Mairirie. John
and James Wel?h. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2fi years and 3 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. 37 Hardy street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at v 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE, j
A.MJ KVVMAK8.
GREAT BARGAINS IX TTPEWBITEB9^:W«
eell better machines for less meney than any
house Jn the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. i3C California, telephone Main 266.
RENTTD. irpAired. boupht »>old; machine tup-
plie*. gta.ndard Agfticy. 145 Cth; phnr.e Mint 43.
ALL kin<1»< bought, ef.ld. eirhirleedl rented;
repairing at lowest rate*. 105 Fourth Bt.
6DWHVG UACIIIXBS AM) SUPPLIES.
ALL kind* bo--rht. eoM and repairing tuaran-
te^d. Chas. Plar&b^ck. 1915 Mlrslon. r.r. Uth.
ADAMS-In this city. June 23. 1900. Sarah N.
Adams, beloved mother of Mrs. L. A. Du-
freene Edgar N. Ekel and Arthur F. -Adams.
*«?«vf of Ohio, wed 76 year. 9 months and
DIED.
Adams. Sarah N. Mills. Samuel a
Bradley. Charles Morris, Leon
Brandt. Bernard L. Mueller. Maria M.
Conway. Patrick Neatell. Myrtle A.
Dunphy. Margaret ? aU P^;^ a ? p t r £" !
l>n'i Lymaa Sandberfc, John F.
Gallagher. Jamea Sci J"l l *. Carrie B. _
Hayet. Henry. F. Smith. Barlow J..M. p.
Kline Recina . Weiss. Robert F.
L!ebenr.an. Theodore Welsh. Ella
Lowrey. Robert
UAD tenantK ejected for U: collection* rnn<1e;
city or cour.tr>-. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <r Montcc'trsrry ft. rvim» 9-IJfc teL 5:S0.
LADlns— <rh5ch«-st».T - s English >^>nnyroyal PHI*
fcre the ijert; wfe reliable; take no other;
«r.<5 4c ftampa for particulars. "Rollef for
Ladle*." in letter by rrturn reail; at drug-,
*-i*T«. CfcichPFter Cbetr.lcal <""o.. Phlladel.. Pa.
«l'i:« IAI. NOTICES.
MARRIED. -,
HOLMES— PRYDE— In this city, Jun« 24, 1900,
by the Rev. William C. Pond. Geftrge C.
Holmes an* Margaret E. Pryde. both of San
Francisco.
JUNG SING— LAI TUNG HAI— In this city.
June 25, 1S00. by the Rer. William C. Pond.
Jung Sing and La4 Tung Hal," both cf San
Francisco.
MAGN1N— COHN— In this city. June 4, 1900.
Julius Maffr.in and Estelle Cohn.
STHRESHLEV— HYMAN— In thle city. June
14 i:<00. by the Rev. E. J. Lion, J. Madison
Sthreshlcy and Hattle Hyman.
STIRNKORB— HOFMANN— In this city, June
24, 19W. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Ernst
St'.rnkorb nnd Ida Hofmann.
VARCOE— COLLINS— In this city. June 20. 1900.
by the Rev. E. J. Lion, William E. Varcoe
and Ellen M. Collins, both of San Francisco.
YULICH— O'DONNELL— In this city. June 23,
1SCO by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Louis Yultch and Annie O'Dcnnell. both of
San Francisco. -
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaai. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FlttXITCRB FOR SALE.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 106 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. S27 Market St.. on and after MON-
DAY, July 2. 15C0. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, June 26. 1900. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Fan Francisco. 23 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, liKX>. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, par-
able on and aTter Nlonday, July 2. 1900
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
IIUMBOLDT Savintrs and Loan Society 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared the'fol-
lowinic remi-annuai dividends: 3.60 per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 2. 1&00. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
r Hi m'l i ii, ommmmmmmmJIDeath of Dr. Barlow J. Smith.
,¦ Dr. Barlow J. Smith, well known a* the
manager of sanitariums In this city, died
suddenly last Sunday night at his resl
enc . e>^ 1^? 3 Buchanan street. -.His wife
had left him feeling comfortable the even
ing previous after having adjusted the
Poolsellers in ' Court.
George' Duncan of Crowley's poolrooms,
arrested- Saturday "for violating the . ordi
nance, was In Judge Fritz's court"yester
day and ; Thomas Corbett of . Corbett's
poolrooms ;. was . In ¦- Judge Mogan's court.
Both * cases were by ¦ consent continued
till Jun« 2S. ':.¦¦" - , .
Boy Bobbers in Court.
The seven small boys arrested by De
tective Ed Gibson and Policeman Hutch
lngs in connection with the robbery of
the wife of Quong Hlng* 512 Washington
street, were before . Judge Fritz -, yester
day. Ralph Amoroso, ¦ Charles " Spano,
Frank Barrus, Tony Chirelli and Victor
Gargurovlch were sent to the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society and Lucca Gargurovlch
And Joa Sorrus were sent to their homes.
Engineer Schussler Better.
Hermann Schussler, chief engineer of
the Spring '. Valley .' Water Company,
was last night reported by. Dr. RIchter to
be improving. • Two days ago Mr. Schuss
ler was said to. bo dyjng at his home, 1905
Van Ness avenue.
In the IMvorce Court.
Mrs. S. S. Hooper was granted a divorce
from Robert E. Hooper yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Ellen Nealan
against Joseph Nealan for failure to pro
vide, and John L.- Allison against Bertha
E. Allison for desertion.
Internes Will Quit Hospital.
Next Saturday night Internes K. D. S.
McCoy, G. II. Boskowitz, H. E. D. Davis,
F. O. Pryor, B. F. McElroy, L. E. Phil
lips. S. E. Onesti. S. T. Pope and S. B.
Enright will pack their (Trips and quit
the City and County Hospital. Each will
be presented with a diploma from the
Board of Health for having served a year
as house surgeon . and physician. - r
Notice, to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets: on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
50 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 403
Taylor street, too Market street, Oakland
lerry depot. : ®K8EI9HSa8BtB8G&8&ffilgi
FIGHT AT THE MEETING
OF THE SHIPWRIGHTS
John Howison, a Member, Convicted
of Battery TJpon President John
McConnell.
. John Howison . and John McConnell,
father of Frank McConnell, the pugilist,
had a "mix-up" at a meeting of the Ship
wrights' Association Friday night. Mc-
Connell Is president of the association, and
during a discussion on a resolution inter
rupted Howison, saying he was out of
order. Howison persisted in speaking and
McConnell left the chair to argue the
point.
Howison became excited and shouted
that McConnell was trying to make him
out a liar. McConnell retorted that he
could take It that way if he felt Inclined.
Howison rushed at him and struck him
on the face. They were separated by the
other members.' •
McConnell had Howison arrested on a
charge of battery and the case came up
before Judge Fritz yesterday morning.
After hearing the evidence the court con
victed Howison, and at his request sen
tence was deferred until this morning.
MOTHER scandal has arisen out of
/L\ lhe traffic In Chinese ss it has been
jl i\ made at this port. The Call has
already <>rpos<*i the operations of
the ring which has during the administra
tion of Colonel John P. Jackson handled
the caees of many thousands of coolies
landed at this port. It is now the turn
of James It. Dunn, inspector in charge of
the Chinese Bureau, to boar the brunt of
eerious allegations. He has been accused
of willfully neglecting his duty as in
rpector In charge of the Chinese Bureau.
Jle will be called upon to-day to answer
before his superior the charge of willful
and deliberate disobedience of the written
order of his superior.
He will be asked to prove that .he has
not willfully and deliberately deprived a
Chinese of his right to appeal from the
dociFlon of the Collector of the Port to
the Secretary of the Treasury by sending
the appealing Chinese out of the country.
Further than this the chief of the Chi
nese Bureau is formally accused of ex
ercising partiality in the administration
of his office and of general incompeteney.
The charges will create a sensation in
Federal circles, where the Chinese traffic
has been a matter of constant scandal and
where Dunn since his appearance on the
coast has escaped the shadow of suspicion
or reproach. The accuser, Lyman T.
Mowry. demands an immediate Investiga
tion of the charges which will be placed
in the hands of Collector of the Port John
P. Jackson this morning. •¦ .
The charges are in full as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 25, 1900.
Hon. John P. Jackson, Collector of
Customs, San Francisco, Cal. — Sir: I
beg to inform you that, notwithstand
ing your written order to the con
trary, Mr. James R, Dunn, inspector
in charge of the Chinese Bureau, com
pelled Wong Mei, -a Chinese passen
ger per steamship City of Peking of
May 20, 1900, holding steamship
ticket No. 63, to depart for China per
steamship China on Friday, June 22
1900.
I therefore charge said James R.
Dunn as follows:
First— I charge said James R.
Dunn with willful neglect of his duty
as inspector in charge of the Chinese
Bureau. - ."
Second — I charge said James R.
Dunn with willful'and deliberate dis
obedience of the written order of his
superior officer.
Third — I charge said James B..
Dunn with willfully and deliberately
depriving said Wong Mei of his right
to appeal from the decision of the Col
lector of Customs to the Secretary of
the Treasury by sending said Wong
Mei beyond the jurisdiction of the
United States.
Fourth — I charge 6aid James R.
I>unn with partiality in the adminis
tration of his office as such inspector
in charge.
Fifth — I charge said James R.
Dunn with general incompeteney.
I respectfully request that an in
vestigation into the conduct of said
James R. Dunn as inspector in charge
of the Chinese Bureau be had, that
' A bold and brutal hold-up occurred In
Chinatown shoitly after. 1 o'clock yester
day morning. Ah Sing, a pretty Chinese
wornfin, residing at 8 Ross alley, was held
up on Jackson fetreet, near her home, by
two of her countrymen, severely beaten
and robbed of jewelry valued at over $100.
Special Officer James Downey and. Of
ficers Amend and Barry were near, the
scene when the thing happened and gave
chase to the robbers, but were unable to
capture them. A report of the affair was
made Immediately to the California-street
police station, and several otticers were
detailed on the case.
According to Ah Sing's story she was
returning irom a banquet when the hold
up occurred. She was attired in much
iinery, Including earrings, necklaces and
rings. She passed up Jackson street, and
as she approached the alley In which her
home is located she was seized by two
Chinese and the work of robbing her com
menced. The thugs used brutal means,
first beating the woman and then. tearing
the earrings out of the flesh of her ears.
In taking the rings off the hands they also
severely lacerated the flesh on those mem-
It was. some moments before the unfor
tunate woman could recover herself suf
ficiently to call for help. At her first
scream the special officer and the patrol
men responded, in time, to see the high
waymen as they, disappeared around "a
corner. Ah Sing gave the police a de
scription- of. her assailants, but as yet
their identity has not been established.
RECOVERED THE JEWELRY.
Police Find- Valuables Buried in an
Old Wine Cellar. ..
' Offiper Hiram - Hutchings and Detective
Gibson have' recovered the Jewelry that
was stolen by u -number of young boys
from the wife of Qucng Hing. several
weeks ago. The valuables, amounting to
several hundred dollars, were found bulled
in the rear of a wine cellar at 1410 Kearny
street. The boys,, now under arrest, had
deposited them there.
The crime, as told some time ago, was
perpetrated by mere youngsters and oc
curred in broad daylight. Four of them
seized the woman on Washington street
and robbed her cf the package of jewels.
Air the young criminals are now at the
City Prison. Three of them have been
booked for public ( Institutions and the
fourth. Frank Shea, a boy 16 years of age.
will be tried for grand . larceny.
Pretty Ah Sing Brutally
Beaten and Robbed
of Jewels.
CHINESE THUGS
TEAR THE RINGS
FROM HER EARS
He Is Charged With Official Misconduct and
the Collector of the Port Is Asked to
Make an Immediate Inquiry.
Chief Inspector James 1 R. Dunn
Must Answer Serious Allega
tions Made Against Him.
SCANDAL IN THE
CHINESE BUREAU
AL.L. eyes, theatrical and of the thea
atergolng, are turned to th'e big
benefit to be given for the family of
the brave fireman. John Edward
Sweeney, next Friday afternoon. The
programme was prepared yesterday at a
meeting of the theater managers. The
box-office at the Grand Opera-house will
be open this morning, and the crowds will
be on hand when the doors are opened for
the big show Friday.
The programme Is so far one of events
only. There is but a semblance of oi«^r
to it at present, for the managers say
that with more attractions In sight they
cannot decide. a definite arrangement un
til to-day or to-morrow. It will not be a
programme full of advertising matter and
reeking with the pictorial display "ad."
Instead It will be a neat, plain sheet, with
the names of the players, their contribu
tions to the amusement and the order of
the performance. They will be good sou
venirs of the occasion, and it is worth
keeping a souvenir of such a benefit for
such a cause.
The programme will be divided Into two
parts. The first part will partake of the
nature of a minstrel entertainment, minus
the black face, with all the matinee he
roes and the well-known funmakers and
favorites sitting round the stage in the
good old style of twenty years ago. Ed
win Stevens will be Interlocutor and Fer
ris Hartraan of the Tivoll, Gilbert and
Goldle of the Orpheurn. and Harry Cash
man of the Tivoli will be the end men.
The programme of the first part will be
opened by the Tlvoil quartet. This will
bo followed by a comic song by Harry
Cashman; a tenor solo by Tom Green of
the Tivoll; specialties by Gilbert and Gol
dle- a barytone solo by Sidney Dean of the
Orpheum; a comic song by Ferris Hart
man- some ballads by Arthur Boyce of
the Tivoll; and a grand finale in which the
entire company, including the chorus of
the Tivoll and the chorus of the Milk
White Flag Company, will wind up the
first half of the programme.
There will be no intermission— there is
too much on the programme to allow of
one, and so the second part will-com
mence as soon as the tlrst Is finished. In
the second part will be Arnold Grazer and
Hazel Callahan. in singing and dancing
specialties; a recitation, Henry Irving's
"My Uncle," by Lewis Morrison; the bal
cony scene from "Romeo and Juliet" by
Florence Roberts and White Whlttlesey
of the Alcazar, with special scenery from
that theater; Matthew and Bulger of the
California, in specialties; Henry Miller of
the Columbia; Etta Butler of the Or
pheum- Mary Marble of the California:
George and Josie Cohan of the Cohan
family at the Orpheum; Senor Antonio
Vargas, barytone, and Senorita Augusta
Salvini, soprano, of the ¦ Olympia;
Matthew Jones of the California; the Nel
son family, from the Chutes, and P. F.
Malley in a club-swinging specialty.
The overture will be the old "Fireman's
March," composed by Charles £ cbu ! < V?
over thirty years ago. Mr. Schultz will
lead the orchestra himself while the
march is being played, j
There Is talk also of putting Alice Nell
sen and Edna -Wallace Hopper on the
programme, but It is net known whether
or not they will be available, although it
was reported ' to the managers yesterday
¦that they would assist. _
The sale of seats is expected to be very
heavy. "Cards have been out for some
days and a great many have been sold.
These will entitle the holder to a seat
.upon presentation of the. card at the box
office after this morning," There will be a
sample of what is- to be seen at every
theater In the city in the . performance,
and It is expected that people will avail
themselves of the opportunity to see
everything good there is to be seen in the
local theatrical. sky for a single price of
f admission. '
Subscriptions are still coming In and
the fund Is- mounting. It Is the hope of
the Fire Department that there will be
enough to buy a house qJ two flats for the
widow so she can. live in one and live on
the rent of the other, the house to be tied
up In a trust until the youngest child has
.come^of'age. • - . '-? -, .
.Mrs. Townsend has come to the fore
again with- a demand for a large number
of tickets, and with a double charity she
has sent the tickets to General Shafter for
the; soldiers at the Presidio, and she. has
reauested him to allow, the men time and
freedom to attend the performance. In
her letter to Chief Sullivan she says:
< 1121 California street
Chief Dennis T. Sullivan, S. F. Fire Depart
ment Headquarters, City— My Dear Chief Sul
livan: The deed of heroism performed by the
gallant fireman, John Edward Sweeney, has
won the hearty sympathy of every man. woman
and child who has heard of the brave and un
selfish act. Unlike- -the. soldier, who has the
sound of trumpet and drum, with waving ban
ners, to lead him on to the path of duty, the
gallant hero of the Fire Department went fear
lessly to his assigned work and passed to the
hereafter.
The world can show no braver deed than the
one In the performance of which Sweeney met
his death and left behind a sorrowing widow
and four orphans to mourn his loss, a loss
in which San Francisco Joins. In honoring the
brave we must succor the helpless. In addi
tion to the $100 I have already donated I de
sire you to send me 400 tickets, which I wish
for the use of the soldiers stationed at the
*Presl<Jio and other points.
When the Master of the universe shall make
the final roll call may he. in letters of sold,
inscribe the name of John Edward Sweeney,
the hero, who gave his life for another, very
"ncerely yours. ALMIRA 8. TOWNSEND.
June 23. 1900.
And then to General Shafter she -writes,
after repeating her eulogy of Sweeney:,
I have purchased 400 tickets for the use of the
soldiers stationed at the Presidio and other
points and would ask you to grant permission
for the men to attend the performance Friday,
the 29th inst. I cannot but feel that the heroic
deed of the fireman Sweeney should prove a
worthy object lesson to the gallant wearers of
the blue, who py their presence will at least
express their sympathy for this unselfish hero s
family. Very "incerely g yours g . TOWXSENDl
Yesterday's subscriptions amounted to
$783 55. They were as follows:
Reported by Fire Chief Sullivan: W. P.
Fuller $23: Gutta Percha and Rubber Com
pany, S10- S. H. Seymour, $100; R. S. Chapman.
$»0' R W. Coffin |5; Pattosien Company, $10;
Es&! M; ove x. l k% c r p gr-n™\ £&&
cate $5- J. C Bunner. $10: Vlavj Company. $23;
Charles "McCarthy. $5: Engine Company 26.
$10- Buricp & Lacey Company, $20: Mrs. Jane
Stanford $100- James Martin. $5: Dennis Too
mey $2 50; James Lucy. $30 20; M. J. Sahleln.
$2- Mr. Peters. 50 cents; Chinese laundry. 1719
Waller street 50 cent*; cash, CO cents, a
Friend $1: Frank J. Carter. $2 50: S. W. Mc-
Farland. $10: D- Meyer. 50 cents; W. Claus. 50
cents' J Gannon. 60 cents; Thomas McCor
mick 50 cents: H. D. Nleuhaus, $1; Sam
Ralney, $25; Stelger & Kerr, $10: J. W. Tor
rance E0 cents; Meese & Gottfried Company
(S10 previously acknowledged), $10; cash. 10
cents- a friend. 10 cents; cash. 10 cents; H. Mul
ler 25- cents ;J. L-, 25 cents; cash, 25 cents;cash.
25 cents: F. A. T.. 50 cents; John M. Dunn. 25
cents: H. Sullenberger. 50 cents; Sophie Bauer.
10 cents'" J C., 50 cents; Blanche Gove, 25
cents- W. F. C, 25 cents; A. W., 10 cents; A.
Johnson 25 cents; Tom McCormack, 25 cents:
a friend. 25 cents; previously acknowledged,
11*15 25; total. $2286 43.
Other subscriptions— William Kluck, Vallejo,
$1- the Ethical Institute, $12 50; roll of mem
bers of Martinez Fire Department, $22; So
phey Bros. & Co., $10; Mrs. J. Sophey, $5;
Camp Meeker fund. $11: Mrs. William Kohl.
$50; Miss Mary E. Kohl, $25; M. Claskower &
Cq. $25; Frank Bellan, 10 cents: McAvoy & Co.,
$5; Robert Y. Hayne. $25; Henry Cowell Lime
and Cwnent Company, $50; Golden Gate Cloak
and Suit House. $20; Louise Huppert. $1; "Pop"
Sullivan, $10; Rosenthal. Feder & Co., $6 25;
young ladles of Davis, Sehonwasser & Co.. Ill;
W. J. Elleford. $2; Stoll & Van Bergen. $5; 342
Kearny. $1: a lady, $1: Walter S. Martin. $5;
a sympathizer. $1; Mfirble Cutters* and Fin
ishers'- Association. $50. Total $333 85. Total
other subscriptions received yesterday, $112 55.
Grand total to date. $4911 55.
Captain Spillane's company of police
turned In to Chief of Police Sullivan yes
terday $122 30, but this will be accounted
for in the general police subscription
later on. ¦ '
justice may be done him. Very re
spectfully yours,
LYMAN I. MOWRY.
The case out of which these serious ac
cusations arise is a peculiar one. Wong
Mei, the Chinese over whom the Federal
scandal has arisen, arrived at. this port on
the City of Peking and claimed to be a
returning merchant. He had a certificate
to that effect, but after investigation he
was refused a landing on the ground that
the firm of which he claimed to be a mem
ber had gone out of business and he no
longer had a right to a residence in this
country. Tills decision, which construed
his misfortune as a merchant into a rea
son for depriving him of a landing, was
strenuously resisted by his attorney, L»y
man I. Mowry.
The attorney declared that he intend
ed to appeal from the Collector of the
Port to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and pending that appeal he demanded
and, it Is announced, received from the
Collector of the Port an order guarantee-
Ing that the Chinese would not be de
ported until his case had finally been de
termined by the Secretary of the Treas
ury.
Chief Dunn, it Is charged, violated this
order of his superior officer and deported
the Chinese on the steamer China, which
sailed from this port on June 22.
The charges against him followed, and
It Is expected that there will be Interest
ing developments. It may be that the en
tire operation of the Chinese Bureau will
become a matter of citlclal inquiry. In
which the public may learn much of In
terest. - •-
: STAGE MANAGERS WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF FRIDAY'S PERFORMANCE.
bedclothing about him. "When she called
In the morning to ask him how he had
passed the night she found him dead. Dr.
Smith had been a sufferer for several
vears from paralysis and softening of the
brain. He was 7T years old and a native
of Connecticut. Coroner Cole has waived
an inquest. .
Mrs. Israel Tennebaum Will Moke a
Formal Complaint to Superin
tendent Hatch.
Mrs. Israel Tennebaum, 558 Mission
street, . called to see the Insanity Com
missioners at the Receiving Hospital yes
terday to make a complaint as to the
treatment to which she alleged ner
daughter' Rosie, 18 years of age, had be^n
subjected by an attendent at the Agnews
Asylum. The £irl was sent there No*
veraber 20.
"1 went to the asylum yesterday," said
Mrs. Tennebaum, "to see my daughter.
She had a pair of black eyes, and when
I aslct'd her what was the matter she
said that one of the attendants had tieo.
herin a chair, gagged her and beaten her.
I examined her body and she was cov»
ered with black and blue marks. I com
plained to Drs. Crane and Stocking, and
they told me that my girl had done it
herself. I told them what she had stated
to me and said it was impossible that
she could have made the marks herself.
I wanted to take her away with tne, but
thev would not let me."
Mrs. Tennebaum was unable to see any
of the Commissioners, but she was ac
vised to write to Dr. Hatch, superintend
ent of the asylum, and make a formal
complaint to him, so that the matter
might be fully investigated.
SAYS HER DAUGHTER WAS
BEATEN AT AGNEWS ASYLUM
THE number of vessels that have met j
disaster In the rush to Nome is yet )
to be learned. Many of thorn are yet j
to be heard from, and while some of
thom are assuredly safe .others must have
had a hard time of H.
The barks Alaska and John and 'Win
throp were among the first to leave here
•with passengers for the gold fields in the !
frozon north. Both vessels were com- j
mar.ded by captains whcs«? entire lives al- j
most have boon spent in the Arctic Ocean. ;
They know all about the icefields and the j
•way to get through an opening in the j
pack, and the chances are if they are not \
at Nome City now they are within strik
ing distance of the golden beach.
Some of the vop^^ls that left here have
met with great difficulties. The brig Pit
cairn put into Dutch Harbor early in the
season, and there the pafsscngers deposed
the captain and put the first mate in his
place. On the steamer Zealandia the re ;
Tras almost an insurrection, while on oth- }
«r vessels there wore a number of shoot
ing scrapes. Several of the sailing vessels
pot caught in the ice, while the barken- !
tine Catherine Sudden is likely to prove a
total loss. Her crew abandoned her and
took refuge on the brig Pltcalrn. while
the revenue cutter Bear went to the as
sistance cf the barkentine and was also
caught In the ice. Latest reports from the
frozen north are to the effect that the I
Catherine Sudden, though dismasted and
waterlogged . will be saved through the
efforts of Captain Tuttle and the officers
of the revenue cutter Bear.
Marine Engineer "Weds.
Almost every marine engineer in port
was present at the wedding of James Gas
ton and Miss Eva Symonds last week.
Mrs. Gaston is the daughter of "Chief"
Symonds. one of the best known marine
fnginters in California, while her husband
Is the popular tirst assistant on the Doric.
The wedding trok place at Dave Dor
ward's, C?.i Guerrero street, and. of course.
Harry Tabrott, marine superintendent of
the Risdon Iron Works, was the first to
kiss the bride.
Mail Steamers Due.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru and the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Moana are both schr-dulod to
nrriv<- from Honolulu nf>xt Friday. The
Moana comes from Australia via New
Zealand and Samoa, while the Nippon
M.iru comes from China via Japan. Both
sttamers are due at Honolulu on the same
day and as neither of them can bring
pa spongers or freight from the islands
there should be no delay and an inter*
efting race to San Francisco should re
sult. Given a fair start and both vessels
in good trim the Moana should get here
first.
Naval Bcservo Will Entertain.
The members of the Naval Reserve bat
talion are making great preparations for
the entertainment of their friends aboard
I the Marion on the Fourth of July. The
boys expect to spend the night of July 3
aboard the vessel, and are to take part in
the parade next day. Refreshments will
be served on board during the morning
and afternoon, and a brass band will be
In attendance to furnish music for the
dancers and to give a concert in the even
ing. Cards of invitation will be issued to
members for their families and friends.
Water Front Notes,
The schooner Honoipu will load lumber
on Puget Sound for Noumea, New Cale
donia- This is one of the first loads of
pine ever sent to the French penal set
tlement from the Pacific Coast.
The schooner Compeer has been char,
tered by Healy, Tibbitts & Co. and will
take over a dredging plant, machinery
and a lot of material for the Govern
ment wharf at Pago Pago, Samoa. The
now naval station is nearing completion
and Mr. Tibbitts expects to pee the work
completed this ypar. 1 The Compeer will
sail on July 15 and Mr. Tibbitts and
twenty-five workmen will follow on the
mail steamer Alameda in August next.
The "overdue" British ship Hillston is
bound to South America, and not to Port
Townsend. The 10 per cent rate of rein
surance is therefore not warranted.
Moraprhan (the only one) gives his us
ual annual excursion to the "oyster beds"
on Sunday, July 15. The steamer Eliza
beth and the plungers Dandy and Boxei
will carry the invited guests. Those who
know Moraghan know what to expect,
and the order "wear your old clothes and
bring your oyster knives" is sufficient no
tice for them.
EABKEITTINX CATHERINE SUDDEN, HASTENING TO NOME, IS CAUGHT BY ICE
PREPARATIONS FOR THE BIG
BENEFIT NEARLY COMPLETED
Barkentine Catherine Sudden Was Dismasted and Aban
doned but Revenue Cutter Bear Stood by and the
Vessel May Be Saved.
NOME VESSELS CAUGHT IN
THE ICE IN THE BERING SEA
James L#. Barry, who was known in the
Tennessee regiment at Manila as "Pete,
th6 Tennessee Kid," stepped out of the
Fourth-street entrance to the Cafe Royal
yesterday morning and, taking a bottle
of laudanum out of his pocket, swallow
ed the contents. He threw the empty bot
tle into the saloon and shouted as he fell
to the sidewalk, "I've done it now."
An ambulance was summoned and he
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where JDrs. Bunnell and Roche adminis
tered the usual antidotes and Harry was
soon pronounced out of danger. Iie_ve
hemently denied taking the poison ami
wanted it understood that he was a gen
tleman and in temporary dilllculties.
Barry belongs to l^ebatlion, Tenn., where
his people are in good circumstances. He
came here with the Tennessee regiment
and, taking his discharge at Manila, re
maied there, as he hart become, as" Jie
imagined, an adept at the game of pokfer^
He played with success and came here
some months ago with about $3000 in his
pockets. . The gambling spirit was on him
and during the day he played the races
and at night tried his luck at poker in
the Cafe Royal.
Barry's Rood luck forsook him and he
gradually lost all his money. He had been
stopping: with a friend, Chester Berry, at
142 Powell street, and yesterday morning
borrowed a coat and vest from the last
named. He went to a pawnshop and hy
pothecated his own coat and vest and
with the proceeds bought a bottle of laud
anum and had several drinks. Later he
met Berry at Powell and Ellis streets and
told him to call at the Cafe Royal In a
few minutes and he "would get his coat
and vest, as he would have no further
use for them.
Barry went straight to the Cafe Royal
and In the dramatic -manner described
swallowed the laudanum. He is 22 years
of age and, it is said, has quite a sum
of money coming to him from his father's
estate. He will be sent home as soon as
his friends can be communicated with. 1
After Losing All His Wealth He
Creates Scene at Fourth-Street
Entrance to the Cafe
EoyaL
James L. Barry, "the Ten
nessee Kid," Swallows
Laudanum.
TRAGIC EFFORT
AT SUICIDE OF
BOY GAMBLER
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1900.
12
Goes In every home— Park News — clean, . Inter-
esting and instructive. Mys>ell-Ilolllns, 22 Clay.»
Jeese Moore "AA" whiskey Is called for
everywhere. It Is the drink of the people.
We are Anxious
That You Sec
.How Many
Beautiful Premiums
We r.tvc
'Wit D Teas*.
With Co (Tee*.
XVItli Spleen.
With Extract*,
With Soda.
Tilth Bahinic Powder.
Come Just to Look.
Great Aisrlco Imucrtm Tea Ca.
MONEY-SAVING bTOKtb.
flO-Ml Grant AT*. (bet. butter ana fW.X
Itt Market St. <Opp. Powell).
140 Elxtb St.
IS6 H»w8t m TWrfl St.
141) Polk St. |2i MonUom*rr Af»
»ll Mission St. TOS Larktn St.
ttt>« Rlxt««nta 3C 1819 Devtuder» 3t»
14 1 Ninth St.- 4-n Haicht St.
too* Flllraor* St. riSi Mission 8U
U Uarktt 8t. rm Uth St.
OAKLAND STORES.
lCU Washington at. Sis E. 12tl> SC
mi Broadway. nss lid ??•.
11.10 MYUtt at. izu ruk gu Alto***
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.
PRICES.!.!.!.
FOR THIS WEEK.
LADIES' TAN LACE AND BtrTTON
SHOES, mostly narrow to«s and
widths ., 91.15
LADIES' KANGAROO AND CALF
(Laird. Schober & Co.) SHOES 65
LADIES' TAN GOLF SHOES #2.50
LADIEH' FRENCH KID , (Herberts)
SHOES— What are left J£T>
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS. LXV heel .05
MEN'S TAN HAND-WELT LACE
SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widths;
sizes 9. 10. 11 91.0O
MEN'S CALF BUTTON AND CON-
GRESS, full plain toe. small sizes, nar-
row widths .75
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot .25
Most all of above small sizes.
NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED. *
We will not exchanse or return money on
these goods.
; See prices In •windows and bargain counter.
We also have full lines of new
Summer Footwear. Popular prices.
AT
MONET-SAVDTG
VACATION
SHOES
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STEINWAY
piano is a work of art, because
it is the expression in material
' form of an Ideal of musical and,
therefore, artistic excellence.
To produce ft three f genera-
tions have worked together,
handlns down their Id*al. their
experience, their genius from
father to son.
1 The Steinway stands in a
sphere of its own.
Why not trade your upright
*¦ for a baby grand?
Remf rnber we sell Stelnways
en easy payments.
Visit our salesrooms.
\ Sherman, Clay & Co/s ;
! Piano and Music House,
? Cor. Kesrey «ik1 Sutler Sts., S. F.
The Glorious Fourth.
Anticipating the requirements of the many happy thousands who
will upon the nation's birthday roam through hill and dale, we this
week present many timely price-saving sales. '
M : Millinery for
__J|| the Fourtli.
*~&${$lDMFtM <ru 40 of those
/C\^6*S«§B5^^7 dri ' n ' s flu^<l
brim hats
;l!feSvS^2S-5^* trimmed with
¦ N V t -9§55^*' '" ¦ r * > *r«?K' l ar se bows of
C^*3«Er>- (f**w55i f' llf °r satin
*SlL &ah rtbbon : the
sSSr T Wm? » kind which
"j?" , / Cr. have been
\^ - ' reifularly sold
gjfe>^ at |4 00; now
*—^^^^\^3ii^. Those hand-
\ some ladlee'
V \2^$^ tucked mous-
aellne de sole
dress hats— the real swell effect;
$10 00 hats for $4 00 and $5 00
Fine collection of ladies' trimmed
hats — firaped effects of straw nets
in tuscan— gray, black or white....
$2 00 to $8 00
Thirty dozen ready-to-wear hats
in latest rough straw effects, silk
and velvet scarf trimming; hats ex-
actly like those that have been sell-
ing at ?1 50 to $2 50; now go at
£ ."Oc and S3c
The sale is due to an opportune
happening in view of the near ap-
proach of the Fourth. We chanced
upon a jobber who disposed of part
of his sample line at about one-
third the regular prices, and as they
¦were bought for immediate selling,
we offer them on the same basis.
For Patriotic Display.
Decoration bunting, 3-4 width, tri-color
and stars and stripes, »er yard 4c
Woo! Goods for Outing.
10 pieces heavy 58-lnch wide, 90c quality
suiting In blues, browns and tans; specially
good for outlns wear: per yard ooc
12 pieces 50c grade, fancy mixtures, in a
89-lnch all-wool covert suiting, per yard. 35c
Stylish Dress Silks.
FOULARD SILKS-Our $125 quality. In
beautiful and exclusive designs and latest
colorings, for, per yard 98c
FANCY SILKS — Charming and correct
styles for fancy walets^ — some high-class
qualities fn beautiful stripe effects— soft
mousseline finish in dainty colorings, per
yard $100
Only a few pieces left of the splendid 24-
lncb wide all-silk black duchess satin for.
per yard Jl 00
This store for rent for occupancy
after September 1st. Will subdivide to
suit. Apply G. H. Umbsen & Co.
"^^^^22^^ GOQOS^^^
Skirts tor the Fourtft.
r^L^^a^^raf/SV 0^:
irl quft! 'Shtly. belns trtomed
with two rows white braid, ami to
cur mind the greatest PSj^Jg
VS Another tot' of " Ji' 6o' Vkirts' 'reduced
to 75c; these are' trimmed ¦"«"
three bands of white due* down
front and around bottom, maKtn?
a very pleasing effect, each...... *oc
A lot o« those Justly popular linen
crash skins, appllqued down front,
box nlatt; formerly Jl 75; now..|l -o
Still another 'good thing-made
from best quality linen, trimmed
¦with lace insertinff. stylish and ser-
viceable, each ~i V! 95
Covert cloth skirts— these well ap-
pearing and good wearing skirts are
In cadet blue, . .
stylishly
t r I m m e d Lp&th
with white Sf^nj 1 *
braid and W S 3»
blue duck v£ p
fl 50 c>T <L »
Duck skirts yf^— ~^x
—blue or black ¦//"•Tr^'/l
grounds, with /( (I
white polka ( 1 I AS
dots and very WiiLi/ \ \
pretty white VCvSSp^Nv/ I
trimming ¦ Iff, 1 1 ,'
$1 50 and Jl 73 \\M \j
Fine quality i Jj ./ \
twilled duck j jl i \j\
skirts — with I jj A V \
white lace in- I II fl \
eer 1 1 o n — a / Ihj \
handsome gar- ijlq \ \
ment; reduced J/l/il \
from $3 00^ to ///// \ \
White piciuo I JiU \ \
skirts, trim- /J/U \ \.
med with two (^/IL^^^H SS?9
rows embroid-\itiy§^^3£ai=s>'
ery Inserting jJ-~ v
13 X