PROTECTING A FBEKCH CONSTJX.
PARIS, June 26.— The Chinese Minister
communicated to M. Delcasse, the Minis
ter of Foregn Affairs, this evening a tele
gram which he received to-day from the
Viceroy of Nun Yan saying that M. Fran
cois, the French Consul, and those with
him at Yun JCan Sen started June 24 for
Tonquln. The Viceroy, it was added, had
a number of well officered soldiers ac
companying the party for protection over
the entire route, and It was believed they
would be able to leave the province with
out difficulty. The Minister also Bald he
had received a dispatch saying the Euro
peans at Peking on that date were well
and safe, but its Importance was lost, as
it was not dated. • .•¦¦¦
VOLUNTEERING FOR
SERVICE IN CHINA
OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF TIENTSIN'S RELIEF
WASHINGTON, June 25.—The Navy
Department has received the following
cablegram from Admiral Kempff:
"TAKU. June 2S.-Spcretary of the
N«vy Washington: Relief force reached
Tientsin 2M. loss very small; Poking re
lief force which left Tientsin June 10 re
ported ten milps from Tientsin surround
«<S: force left Tientsin 2ith to render as
flstar.ee. KEMI'KF."
The Secretary cf State has received a
dispatch from United States Consul John
Fowlfr at Chefu saying: "Combined
forces entered TientFin 23d."
The War Department bas received the
following cable:
"MANILA, June 26.—Adjutant Genera!,
Washington: Ninth Infantry ealls 27th
thoroughly well «Hju!pped and well sup
puea with ~~>-h^-.. MACARTHUR/.
The Nary Departmr-nt announces that
the armored cruiser Brooklyn, with Ad
inlral Kemey aboard, will take 300 ma
rines from Manila to Taku, stopping at
Nagasaki en route. The gunboat .Prince
ton has been ordered to Swatow, Amoy
aJJ< j Foochow, thence to Shanghai to in
etall an electric plant keeping ever ready
for active KCTYlcc.:.^
ANTI-FOKEIGN DEMON STRATION
HONGKONG. June 26.—The steamer
Sam Chul arrived to-day from Wu Chau.
on the West River, with a number of lady
missionaries. She reports that the other
Europeans are preparing to leave Wu
Chau, as the natives are conducting anti
foreign demonstrations.
RETIRED OFFICERS
FOR ACTIVE DUTY
Srxr-lal Derate* t» The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— The exigen
cies arising out of the present situation
in China have necessitated the employ
ment of retired officers on active duty.
The first siich officer ordered to duty !s
Lieutenant Richard H. Townley. who was
retired thirteen years ago and who Is di
rected to leave San Francisco on July 10
for Manila for duty. Secretary Long has
decided that he will assign to duty re
tired officers who are of low rank and
have been retired recently. The Navy
Department is particularly In need of
watch and division officer*.
The Navy Department has been assured
that the officers are ready for duty in
China by applicants from many who de
sire to go immediately to the Asiatic Pta
tion. A dispatch was received to-day from
San Francisco signed by Captain Mayo,
Lieutenant Commander Milton and Lieu
tenants McElroy. Ackerman and Vogel
sar.s, declaring their readiness to go to
Chlr.a on . short notice. Commander
Cowles, acting chief of the bureau of nav
igation, •wrote to each officer thanking him
for placing his sen-Ices at the disposal' of
the Government, but Indicating .that they
arc not now needed. It Is the belief of
the department that the trouble in China
Is one for -the military to deal' with*
NEW YORK, June 26. — A World special from Chefu says: Seymour, commanding the
Peking relief forces, is besieged. Heliograph communication has been established. He sends an
urgent appeal for a relieving force, and is apparently very hard pressed. Seymour says the lega
tions are safe with him. t .
SEYMOUR flPPEflLS FOR RELIEF-
CANNOT KEEP FOREIGN
TROOPS OUT OF CHINA
WASHINGTON, June 26.— The six great
Viceroys of China, acting through the
Chinese Minister here, to-day renewed
their efforts to have foreign troops kept
out of China until L.1 Hung Chang reaches
Peking. The request was a. formal docu
ment signed by the six Viceroys, includ
ing LI Hung Chang.
The answer of the United States Gov
ernment was the same as that to the in
formal request of Minister \Vu yesterday
and amounted to a declination.
Like his chief. General Miles, Gen eral Chaffee won his present rank by
merit, like him rising from the ranks to a hlgh'command. General Chaffee
was born In Ohio April 14, 1S4S, and began his military service in July. 1S6I.
when he enlisted In the regular army as a private in the Sixth United
States Cavalry. For gallant and meritorious conduct he was made sergeant
and then on up" through the intermediate grades until he was commissioned
captain for his services In the battle of Dinwiddie. March 31, 1SS5.
The Indian campaigns from 1S67 to 1SS2 broughthim up to lieutenant col
onel. He went- to Cuba- with General Shafter and/ commanded a brigade of
the American forces at Santiago, especially distinguishing himself in the cap
ture of "El Caney," which practically ended the siege of Santiago. He was
recommended for special distinction by General Lawton. On May 8, 1SS9, he
was made colonel of the Eighth Cavalry, and about the same time commis
sioned brigadier general of volunteers. Soon after he was made major gen
eral of volunteers. -From December, 1S98, until a short tlrr.e ago General Chaf
fee served as chief of staff, to the Governor General of Cuba, and later In the
office of the adjutant general at Washington.
mour, twelve miles from Tientsin, where
they were surrounded by Boxers and
Chinese regulars. | It is^ thought probable
that this dispatch may' be correct, how
ever, as It agrees with Admiral Kempff's
dispatch in- every particular, except that
it conveys additional Information as to
the whereabout of the Ministers. The au
thorities here believe that when the relief
forces, -which, reached Tientsin on the 23d
and then started, on the 24th to the re
lief of Vice Admiral Seymour reach that
officer,- the | forces will be combined, and
unless it should prove true that the Min
isters and other foreigners are with Vice
Admiral Seymour, an advance by the
combined forces upon Peking will be com
menced at once. >;;')*
May Be Held as Hostages.
It is hoped. here that the 4000 Russians
who left Xluchwang may have reached
Peking by this time, but it is believed that
if they had the Russian Government
would have been notified and would have
Informed the other s Governments. The
general belief here among officers of the
administration and members of the dip
lomatic corps is that if the Ministers and
legation officials are not safe with Vico
Admiral Seymour, they are probably be
ing held ; as hostages by the Chinese, as
was done in 1860 when the Anglo-French
forces intervened In China to protect for
eign life and property.
Adequate supplies of arms and ammuni
tion are being sent to the naval force3 in
Chinese -waters. Rear Admiral- O'Neil,
Chief of the Bureau, of Ordnance, has
been notified of the arrival of 300 tons of
ammunition at Cavite. This will be ample
for the .present, but the admiral Is ar
ranging to send small arms and small
arm ammunition and rapid-fire guns with
ammunition for them by colliers now be
ing fitted out for service In Chinese
waters.
"While every effort will b« made to
strengthen the land forces in China, It
was decided at the Cabinet meeting to
day that no ships were needed and the
Marietta, which was to have gone to
Taku, will be ordered to return from Ma ;
nila to her station at Cebu. The Prince
ton Is to visit ports in Southern China.
Including Swatow and Amoy, and Is to
go to Shanghai for repairs, but is to be
kept In constant readiness for orders to
go to any point in China.
—
GENERAL ADNA R. CHAFFEE
"THE HERO OF EL CANEY"
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
PALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL-
HOTEL. WASHING
LTON. June 25.— President McKinley
and Secretary Hay. In common with
the rulers of European nations and
Japan, have been carefully study
ing- the present situation and its possibili
ties, and no one need be surprised If the
administration, when the time for action
comes, should Initiate a • policy designed
to establish by international pact the prin
ciples of the "open door," and pcrhn?3 In
sure the Integrity of the Chinese empire.
Until Peking is taken by the allied forces
it will not be necessary to play even a
minor card.
But when Peking Is captured and the
discussion begins as to the future of China
It will be necessary for the President,
mindful of discordant ideas as to the em
pire's fate, to Join one faction or the oth
er., "What this faction shall be/ fursra
events must determine. It is evident that
the. President Is averse to the acquisition
of "Chinese territory- He could have had
before the war with Spain.
but resisted the overtures the= made by
the British Government.
A wor<\ to Great Britain or Russia or
France, ar.d the United States can occupy
territory in China. But engaged in a polit
ical campaign, the President. does not care
to strengthen the hand of the anti-tmpe
rialists by taking action which will re
sult, in the enlargement of American ter
ritory.
Change of I>ynasty Certain.
One thing is plain to every official and
diplomat in Washington— a change is cer
tain in the reigning dynasty <*f China. The
message of the Viceroys is accepted m of
ficial circles as a confession that China Is
unable under the present Government to
maintain order. Accordingly there la now
but one thing to do, to establish a Govern
ment which can and will govern the Chi
nese people. A proposition is likely to be
made by the United States. Great Britain
or Japan when the allied troops occupy
Peking that a Government satisfactory
to the Chinese shall be organized.
It Is possible that before this stage Is
reached Russia will Inform the powers
that in view of her territorial proximity
to Peking she Is of the opinion that her
troops should garrison the capital and po,
lice Northern China. Such suggestion
would doubtless be strenuously opposed
by Japan and Great Britain. It Is also
possible that the Governments favoring a
partition of China will propose a division
of the empire into spheres, which they
will occupy with their troops.
The United States In Us present temper
could not agree to the occupation of such
a sphere, even if a failure to do so should
mean that American commerce would be
partially excluded by tariff barriers.
The protection of American commercial
While President McKinley Will
Not Join in a Grab fop Ter
ritory Under the Guisa of
"Spherss," He Will Se8 That
American Trade Rights Are
Properly Proteetad, Accord
ing- to the "Open Door" Plan.
When Foreigners Have
Taken Peking the Powers
Will See That a Govern
ment Satisfactory to the
Chiness Is Organized.
CHANGE OF
THE DYNASTY
IS CERTAIN
LONDON, June 27, 3:45 a. m.— A fresh phase of the ebullition in China is the probability of
immediate outbreaks in the great southern provincial centers. The populace there is daily
assuming a more hostile attitude toward foreigners; and the latter perceive symptoms of a
general rising, especially at Nanking, where, according to a dispatch to the Daily Express,
dated yesterday. Kang \Vu. one of the most truculent enemies of foreigners, has arrived by way of
the Grand Canal, armed with full powers from the Empress to deal with the southern provinces.
The friendly attitude of Viceroy Liu Kun Yih toward foreigners has brought him into disgrace with
Prince Taun. president of the Tstmg-lr Yamenr
The unrest at Canton is described by a dispatch from that city to the Daily Telegraph, dated
Monday, via Hongkong, yesterday:
"It is feared that we are on the eve of a scene of bloodshed and anarchy in the two Quangs
only paralleled during the Tai-Ping rebellion. The signs of a murderous uprising are so manifest
that wealthy Chinese are hurrying from Canton and vicinity, taking their wives, families and valu
bles. Li Hung Chang has again been peremptorily ordered to Peking. His enemies declare
that they will murder him before he can reach there. His presence alone restrains the revolution
ary elements here. His departure will let loose the 'black flags' and 'red girdles.' Knowing this,
Li's trusted officials are sending their families to Hongkong.
"The Viceroy himself trusts the Americans in this crisis. He says that they alone want no
territory, and he places himself largely — almost unreservedly; — in their hands. At an important con
ference to-day he reiterated +his statement. All the missionaries have been notified of their im
minent peril through confidential runners. They are leaving Canton hurriedly, and only a few are
now here.
"Commander McLean, of the United States steamship Don Juan de Austria, is the first here
to protect foreign interests. He is capable and energetic and is reinforced by H. M. S . Redpote.
Two hundred foreign residents at Shameen are armed.
'The Canton population reaches 2.coo.oco, in addition to 250,000 living on junks and sam
pans (fiatboats). Most of the people are disaffected and incendiary proclamations are increasing
the number of the virulent."
Shanghai cables that the French Consul there has received a cable from Shantung assert
ing that 11.000 Chinese troops are making forced marches froni Shantung to Peking.
Two Jesuit fathers and ioo native Christians have been murdered in the southern part of the
province of Chili. The Chinese military authorities have been discovered recruiting at Shanghai
inside the foreign settlement and some agents have been arrested in the act of constructing en
trenchments around the European concessions. . •
A Chinaman connected with war purchases for the Chinese Government in Europe, who
has been interviewed by the Daily Express, says that China has immense quantities of arms and am
munition and will stagger humanity if driven to defend herself.
The scsne is from the north sids of the Peiho Eiver, near the railroad station. The large building fronting the river near the middle of
the picture is the British Confulats. The prominent building en ths right is the French Consulate, and the cne near the edge of the picture on
the left is the Kussian Consulate. The American Consulate stands three-quarters of a mile back to the south. Ths British Consulate, which
stands on ground somewhat elevated, is surrounded by a high wall of heavy masonry, offering better facilities for resisting an attack than any
other place in the concession. Within this compound, by prsvicus understanding. It is said all the foreigners in Tientsin gathered on the approach
of danger and there withstood'the bombardment and assaults of the Chinese until the arrival of the relief force from Taku. The picture is repro
duced from a photograph belonging to E. T. Sheppard of this city, the first United States Consul at Tientsin.
View of Part of the Foreign Concession Showing the British, French and
Russian Consulates,
THE PLACE OF REFUGE AT TIENTSIN.
Special Di=catch to Tbe CalD
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON". June 2C— Brigadier General
Adna R. Chaffee. who has been as
signed to command the American
land forces in China, Is to be given all the
soldiers he may need to protect the lives
and property of Americans. At present
arrangements are being made for sending
a brigade from the Philippines and the
Sixth Cavalry from the United States,
but a cablegram was sent to-day to Ma
jor General MacArthur, commanding the
forces In the Philippines, asking him how
many of his troops he could spare for
service in China. The purpose of this in
quiry is to ascertain how many reinforce
ments can be sent to General Chaffee if
a single brigade is not sufficient.
General Chaffee was at the War Depart
ment to-day and was gi% r en his instruc
tions, after which he called on the Presi
dent and also had consultations with Sec
retary of the Navy Long and Assistant
Secretary of War Melklejohn. He is to
sail from San Francisco on July 1 on the
same transport carrying the Sixth Cav
alry. The desire to have General Chaffee
and this cavalry regiment reach , China
with little delay is such that the trans
port will not stop at Honolulu, but will
continue on her way direct to Nagasaki,
Japan. At that point General Chaffee will
be in communication ¦with the War De
partment and will receive further instruc
tions. If the trouble is all over so that
troops will not be needed the transport
will go from Nagasaki to Manila. If the
situation has not improved General Chaf
fee, under his, present instructions, will
assume command of ail American land
forces and will act In conjunction with*
the military forces of other powers for
the protection of life and property cf
foreigners, in China, He Is to report to
the American Minister in Peking as soon
as he can place himself in communication
with that official.
Hall Second in Command.
In military operations General Chaffee
will be supreme. In all other matters he
¦will act under the direction of Minister
Conger, if the Minister is safe. It was
the first Intention of the War Department
to place Brigadier; General R. H. Hall .n
command in the brigade to be sent from
the Philippines, but it has since been de
termined to send General Chaffee. It is
still probable that General Hail will go
in command of the troops until General
Chaffee's arrival, and he may continue as
second In command.
Tientsin has been relieved by the com
bined forces, but Peking is still cut oft
and nothing definite is known about the
situation of the relief force under Vice
Admiral Seymour except that : it Is sur
rounded about ten miles from Tientsin.
No official ' confirmation has yet been
received of the general consular dispatch
from Chefu, announcing that the foreign
Ministers were with Vice -Admiral ." Sey-
To Sail Frcm San F.ancisco
July 1 on ths Sama Trans
port Carrying ths Sixt l Cav
alry — If the Boxer Trouble
Is Over by the Time He
Reaches NajcsakiHis Forces
Will Proceed to Manila.
Brigadier General Adna R.
Chaffee Wiif Have Su
preme Control of Troops
Sent by the United States
to China.
TO COMMAND
THE AMERICAN
LAND FORCES
CHEFU, Juoe 26— Tbe Americans ar>d British entered TieQcsiQ first,
silenciQg the guns of the arsenal and breaking through the Chi
nese lines. Tbe foreigners were close bebind. The Russians lost
4 killed and 30 wounded. The losses of tbe other nationalities were
small.
Admiral Seymour's force is about ten miles from Tientsin. It is
surrounded by Chinese troops and Boxers and hampered by the pres
ence of sicK and wounded.
It is reported that all foreigners were sent fron) Peking with a
weak Cbinese guard, and it is assumed that tbey are witb Admiral
Seyroour.
One thousand Japanese are landing at Cbefu and 2000 more are
expected to-morrow, wben a battalion of French is also due.
The foreign admirals bave appointed Captain Wise, commander of
the Monocacy, to be commandant at Tong Y\u.
Tbe Netherlands cruiser Holland has left Java for Chefu.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
Spread of the Anti-Foreign Murderous Uprisings, and There Is a
Probability of Immediate Outbreaks in ihe Southern Provincial
Centers of the Empire — Li Hung Chang Trusts to Americans to
Aid in Settling the Crisis.
Admiral Seymour's Force About Ten Miles
From the ¦ Besieged City Surrounded by
Mongol Troops and Boxers and Hampered
by the Presence of Sick and Wounded.
AMERICAN TROOPS THE FIRST TO CUT
THROUGH CHINESE LINES AT TIENTSIN
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 27.
SAX FRA1STCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUXE 27, 19OO.
Continued on Second Page.
LOS AN'GELES, June 26.— Lieutenant
George McKeeby, who served at Manila
with Battery D of California, has tele
graphed the War Department that he la
prepared to raise a battery of volunteers
at once If their services are necessary In
China, He has received no reply as yet.
EL RENO. O. T., June 26.— A. M. Bald
win of El Reno has recruited a company
of volunteers and offered their services
to the Government through Governor
Barnes in case hostilities require the send
ing of more troops to China.
ARDMORE, I. T., June 20.— Captain J3.
V. Henson, In command of the Ardmore
mllitarj- company, has tendered the ser
vices of the company, numbering- seventy
eight men, to the Secretary of the Interior
In case of war with China.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.no_textno_textno_textno_textJohn R. Aitken Sentenced at Bakers
field to Five Days' Imprisonment
and to Pay a Fine of $500.
SAN FRANCISCO LAWYER
IN JAIL FOR CONTEMPT
B. Learning. I. P. Allen and W. B. Mor
rill. were adopted. This committee will
meet to-morrow nierht to elect its officers
and hear further reports. The committee
would be pleased to receive from any one
interested in the path project suggestions
as to available routes other than those
already considered. Such communications
should be addressed to the San Francisco
STS* V* th ™ Assc clat:on. care Cycle Board
of Trade. Parrott building, city.
Communications were read from Secre
tary Hussey of the San Mateo Cycle Path
Association and R. C. Lennie. "who en
gineered n similar project from Los An
geles to Santa Monica successfully These
gave the cost per mile, surface usod and
conditions met with, and much valuable
aid wa? secured therefrom.
Mr. Scovern reported that' the San Jose
wheelmen were actively interested in a
plmllar path scheme from that city to San
Mateo to connect with the proposed one
from here.
The delegates present at the meeting
were: Charles Albert Adams. E. B, Learn
in*. Wj JB Morrill. C. N. Ravlln s g
Scovern. Edwin GoHJer. I. P Allf>n To
peph Holle. Frank H. Kcrripan Thomas
G. Spillane, William Mackie. H W sS
!ng. George Stangenberger. Austin Kan
zoe, Benjamin Raynaud. Herbert w
Welch, F. G. Montealegre and J. W. Cor
An Insolvent Laborer.
Edward C. Chesebro, laborer, San Fran
cisco, filed a petition In Insolvency . yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are • ?1160 48, and ha
has no assets.
Primary Test Case Advanced.
The appealed case of Joseph Britton
against the Board of Election Commis
sioners has been advanced on the calendar
of the Supreme Court for hearing on July
9, at 2 o'clock. This case was brought to
teat the validity, of the Stratton
primary law for the selection of
delegates to conventions of: political par
ties. In the lower court the Commission
ers entered a demurrer to the complaint,
which was sustained. The appeal -. waa
from the order sustaining the demurrer.
When the matter comes before the higher
A wedding of considerable interest to
many in San Francisco's social set oc
curred at high noon on June 20 at the Chi
cago Beach Hotel, i Miss Electa Elsbeth
Miles, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Franklin
Miles, was married to Robert Henry
.Cleveland of Erie, Pa. The bride Is a
typical American girl— bright, accom
plished, traveled and a general favorite.
She was educated in Washington, D. C.,
and Is well known in society there. Since
her graduation her time has been spent
In traveling and with her parents at the
Chicago Beach Hotel. Her father, by the
way, is the millionaire proprietary medi
cine manufacturer of KIkhurt and Chi
cago. • . . •
The bride wore white nuns veiling, with
rare lace, a Gainsborough, hat and dia
mond jewels, the grift of the groom. Her
maid of honor, Miss Marion wore
pink silk muslin, with hat to match. -Mr.
Oliver Johnson was best man. The floral
decorations were entirely -pf sweet peas
and ferns. .
Mrs. 'Miles' gown was of Persian grena
dine, embossed with black lace and
canary plush over white silk. She was
assisted in receiving by the groom's
mother. Mrs. Katherine Cleveland, and
Miss Gertrude Cleveland.
Mr. and Mrs, Cleveland will spend the
summer In the White Mountains and be
at home at Erie. Pa., in the fall.
Auditor's Plan to Pay Them in Ad
vance Blocked by School
t . Board. ," ;" ~
The teachers of the public schools were
not paid their salaries yesterday owing
to the failure of the. Board of Kducation
to sign their demands. A few days ago
Auditor Wells wrote a letter to the board
requesting that the demands be signed so
the teachers could receive their salaries
before the end of the month.
The board did not comply with th« re
quest. It claims that it could not spare
the time, as it was engaped in passing
on samples for school supplies. The local
pedagopues are sadly disappointed, as now
they will have to wait until : the regular
day of payment, July 5. The fact- that
vacation days intervene makes the, disap
pointment all the greater.
TEACHERS MUST WAtf
FOR THEIR SALARIES
Further steps were taken toward the
proposed building of a cycle path between
this city and Ean Mat«»o at a meeting of
wheelmen held in the Cycle Board of
Trade rooms, in the Parrott building, last
evening, and the project Is now well
Btarted.
The finance committee reported that
they had estimated the expense at $10,000
and that the outlook for »<x;urins this
amount was good. The cycle trade will
contribute liberally, many individual
wheelmen will add to the fund and John
Hammersmith has agreed to Ret up an en
tertainment which will no doubt increase
it materially.
The route committee's report was lis
tened to with interest. The committee
consisting of C. X Iiavlin, F. G. Montea^
leure. Edwin Goeller, J. W. Cornell. S (1
Ecovern and William Mackle. went over
the bay phore road last Sunday, returning
en the Mission load. They report the bay
shore road impracticable. The Mission
road as far south as Colma is also bad.
The only route left to consider, therefore,
Is an extension of Dewey boulevard or the
ocean boulevard to connect with the main
county rosd at Colma. The grades would
be easy, with no difficult ernnneerins prob
lems to solve. The committee was given
further time to study this route more
closely.
A constitution and by-laws, placing the
control of the affairs of the Cycle Path
Association in charge of a committee of
nine, consisting of Frank H. Kerrigan. W.
J.- Kenny, Charles Albert Adams, r. bert
M. Welch, C. N.'Ravlln, S. G. Scoveru, E.
Bay Shore and Mission Roads Im
practicable as Routes — Continua
tion of Dewey Boulevard
Is Considered.
Finance Committee Reports
Necessary Funds Can •
Be Secured.
CYCLERS' PATH
TO SAN MATEO
IS HOW ASSURED
SHEEHAN'S ERRORS ARE TO
BE FINALLY ADJUSTED
Auditor and Tax Collector Will Sup
ply Omissions to Save Property
Being Sold.
The clerical errors In former Tax Col
lector Shechan's accounts will soon be
satisfactorily adjusted. Tax Collector
Scott, Auditor Wells and Sheehan will del
egate representatives to settle the differ
ences and they will meet in a few days
for that purpose. Deputy Dan Leary will
act for the Auditor. Deputy T>. I. Salomon
for Scott and former Bookkeeper J.' W.
Maguire for Sheehan. The property own
ers who have not been properly credited
on the rolls, though they have paid their
.taxes, will obtain the desired relief in
order that their property may not be sold
to the State. Other corrections will be
made, and as soon as the final settlement
is arranged Sheehan will, he says, pay
into the city treasury the amount which
it will be legally declared he owes to the
city.
Miss Electa Elsbeth Miles. Well-
Known in San Francisco, Weds
a Successful Young Busi
ness Man of Erie, Pa.
MARRIED AT THE
CHICAGO BEACH HOTEL
Supervisors' Committee Will Award
No Contracts Until Disputed
Point Is Settled.
The protest made by Phillips & Smyth
against the contract for certain municipal
printing being awarded to J. H. Barry on
account of erasures having been made In
his bid received a severe setback at
yesterday's meeting of the Supervisors'
Printing Committee. A number of bids
were opened, and It was discovered that
all those submitted by various firms, in
cluding Phillips & Smyth, contained
erasures. The committee decided to
award no printing contracts until the In
junction served by non-union printers had
been settled in court. The disputed point
as to whether erasures invalidate a bid
will be considered on Friday afternoon by
the Judiciary Committee. The bidders
claim that certain items were erased be
cause they did not desire to bid on them.
The printing of the Municipal Reports
was awarded to tho Commercial Pub
lishing Company for 53 cents a page, no
opposition to the award being made by
opposing bidders.
ALL PRINTING BIDS ,
CONTAINED ERASURES
WILL CHOOSE INTERNES BY
COMPETITIVE EXAMINATION
Health Board to Meet Friday Night
and Dismiss Six Emergency
Surgeons.
At the meeting of the Board of Health
held yesterday a resolution was adopted
providing for the selection of thirteen in
ternes for the City and County Hospital.
Five of these will come from the Univer
sity of California Medical College, one of
these being for the polycllnic ward; foui
from Cooper Medical College and four
from the College, of Physicians and Sur
geons, or thirteen in all. •
These internes will- be chosen by com
petitive examination to commence at 8
o'clock this evening, only this year's
graduates being eligible. This method of
selecting internes is provided for by the
charter, and these will be the first selec
tions made under it. The places are eag.
erly sought by new graduates owing to
the splendid experience afforded by a
year's practice in the big charity hos.
pital. and the results of to-night's exami
nations will be eagerly looked for by the
graduates of the various medical col
leges and the medical profession gener
ally will take interest In the outcome.
A vote of thanks was extended by the
board to the citizens" committee for its
aid in collecting' funds for the establish
ment of the Quarantine in Chinatown.
Resolutions on the subject were Intro
duced by Dr. Buckley and unanimously
adopted.
The resignation of Dr. Tillman, for six
months in charge of the smallpox hos
pital, which was telephoned to the board
six weeks ago, was finally accepted. The
board tried to induce Dr. Tillman to re
main-in charge, but it intended to re
duce the salary from $10 per diem to $200
a month, and the physician refused co
stay for this sum. The position of si»
pprintendent at $200 a month- was created
yesterday, and Dr. V. O. Prior, who has
had much experience with the disease,
was appointed to fill the place. There is
but one case now.
The board adjourned to meet next Fri
day night, when six assistant emerg
ency surgeons and several other employes
are shUed for dismissal. This action is
necessary because the appropriation for
annual salaries was reduced by the Su
pervisors from $32,000 to $24,000.
•Jp^ATRICK REDDY's sufferings were
y^J) relieved by the peaceful hard of
jj, death yesterday. He passed quietly
away at his residence. 2717 Pacific
avenue, at 6:15 o'clock, surrounded by
those dear to him.
For the past month he had beon con
fined to his lK-d by pneumonia and Br-ght's
disease and his physicians gave little hope
for his recovery. Dr. Albert Abrams and
Dr. H. C. Sawyer were constantly at his
bedside and they did all that science could
do to save their patient's life, but their
efforts were unavailing. His advanced age
and the ravages of the disease made his
recovery impossible. The news of his
death will be zecelved with sincere regret
l>y the bench and bar and his innumerable
friends.
"Pat" Reddy. as he was often called by
his friends and associates, was probably
one of the best known and most popular
lawyers in the West. He was the senior
xnember cf the well-known firm of Ready.
Campbell & Metson. His rise to promin
ence in his profession and his position in
the community was due wholly to his in
dividual efforts. He was a. self-made man
In every sense of the term. Deceased was
a native of Woonsocket. R. I., where he
was born February 15, 1SS3. His parents
were natives of Ireland. He received his
education in his native State, and in Feb
ruary. ]SG1. came to the Pacific Coast and
engaged in mining. He subsequently
Ftudied law in Inyo County and was ad
mitted to the bar In May. 1S67. engaging
in the practice of his profession there un
til April, 1X79. when he removed to Bodie.
He resided in that famous mining town
until 1S81, whtn he opened an office In this
citv.
Mr. Reddy was a member of the con
stitutional convention, representing Inyo
and Mono counties. In 1S5S3 he was elected
to the State Serate as the representative
of Mono, Inyo, Kern. Tulare anJ Fresno
counties. He looked after the interests of
that important district for four years and
earned the gratitude of the residents of
those counties. He was appointed a mem
ber of the Board of State Prison Directors
In 1SS3. but had to resign that position the
following year because of his increasing
law practice. His business, however, did
not prevent him investing in mining en
terprises. He became part owner in a
riurnber of paying mines and was one of
the original owners of thej Yellow Aster
mine, the farawis pi^ep cf property which
made the reputation of Randsburg. It is
understood he sold his interest In the mine
lor a larpe sum of money.
Mr. ReUdy was interested as counsel in
some of the most important litigation in
the history of this State. As a criminal
lawyer his name has been heralded
throughout the West for his successes. He
•won the gratitude of th*» miners of the
Coeur d'Alene district by his effortB In
their behalf and his graphic letters to The
Call, in which he dpscribed the harsh
treatment of thp miners by the mine own
ers and the troops, the horrors of the
"bullpen" and the moves of the wily poli
ticians of Idaho created widespread com
ment-
Deceased leaves a wife but no chil
dren. He was married in Esmoralda
County, Xcvada. in 1S64, to Miss Emma
lage, and they have lived a most happy
life together. Captain E. A. Reddy, su
perintendent of the Almshouse. is an only
brother. J. C. Campbell and William H.
Metson. his law partners, are both out of
the city. Mr. Campbell Is engaged In the
trial of a case at Eureka and Mr. Metson
Is now in Nome on business for the firm.
Both will be immediately notified of their
colleague's death.
During the hearing of the contempt case
again.«t Federal Quarantine Officer Kin
youn yesterday James G. Maguire an
nounced the death of Hon. Patrick Reddy,
and moved that I'nited States Circuit
Judge Morrow adjourn the court out of
respect to his memory. Mr. Maguire paid
a feeling tribute to the worth of the de
ceased lawyer. Judge Morrow said that
the court was entirely in accord with what
Mr. Maguire had said In respect to the
sterling worth of Mr. Reddy. "He always
observed the requirements of the profe's-
Fion in endeavoring to assist the court in
arriving at the truth. His death is a great
loss to the bar," said Judge Morrow, and
tn^n adjourned court out of respect to the
memory of the dead lawyer.
The funeral arrangements have not as
yet been completed, but it is very probable
that the interment will be in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery on Friday afternoon.
REDDY A HERO.
Sacramento.
How He Saved a Woman's Life in
SACRAMEXTO. June 26.— One-armed
Patrick Reddy proved himself a hero at
the postofflce at the noon hour of January
5, 1&97. Accompanied by his stenographer,
he was on his way downtown from the
Supreme Court chamber, when he noticed
a crowd rushing out of the arched en
trance to the postoffice.
"What Is the matter?" a«=ked Reddy, ac
costing one of the panic-stricken throng.
"A man is in there trying to murder a
woman." was the breathless reply. That
was enough for Rfddy. Brushing aside
all Impediments to his progress, he dashed
up the granite steps and into the nost
offlce corridor. The place had been de
serted save for a man and woman. The
man, P. J. Hulsman, In a fury of rage,
was brandishing a cocked revolver and
threatening the life of his sister. Mrs A.
T. Krigbaum, with whom he had been
quarreling over some family matter. The
woman, helpless in her terror, was
expecting the next moment to be her last
whfn Reddy with his one able hand
caught the barrel of the revolver and
pressed his thumb under the hammer in
such a manner that the trigger could not
be .operated. Hulsman, watching his
chance, made a despprate effort to turn
the weapon on Reddy, but the latter with
his one arm not only prevented this but
hPld Hulsman a prisoner until the police
appeared on the scene. Reddy stopped at
a drugstore to have his mangled thumb
dresFed and then continued on down the
street as If nothing unusual had hap
pened.
THE LATE PATRICK REDDY.
Supervisor McCarthy Holds That
Charter Contains Specific Pro
vision Thereon.
Supervisor McCarthy is of the opinion
that under the express provisions of the
charter the pound limits extend to the
county line. He cites section 10 of chap
ter 2, which says that one of the powers
of the Supervisors is "to provide for a
public pound and to make all necessary
rules and regulations in the matter of
animals running at large and for the cus
tody and destruction of the same."
In article I, section 2, of the charter the
boundaries of the city and county of San
Francisco are declared to be those set
forth In section 3950 of the Political Code
of California.
"Thisappears'tome," said McCarthy, "to
settle the controversy existing between
opposing interests on the extension of the
pound l»mits. All legislation contained
in the charter applies to the city and
county in Its entirety and does not govern
any particular section to the exclusion of
another. It then becomes apparent that
the section bearing on the maintenance of
a pound-affects the whole county, and I
believe that the Board of Supervisors has
not the power to district the city for the
operations of the poundmaster. A rea
sonable interpretation of the charter
makes it clear that the entire county
should be under the Jurisdiction of the
poundmaster."
The Joint Committee on Police and
Judiciary, to which the question of ex
tending the limits has been referred, has
not yet made Its report, but it is under
stood that it favors the extension to the
districts known as Lakeview and Ocean
View. Supervisor Reed desires to Intro
duce an ordinance prohibiting the roam
ing of cattle in the streets in outlying sec
tions, which will in a measure relieve the
annoyance to which suburban residents
are subjected.
POUND LIMITS ALREADY
EXTEND TO COUNTY LINE
Peculiar Defense of E. C. Cordell,
Erstwhile Candidate for Justice
• of the Peace.
E. C. Cordell, a teacher in the Business
Evening School, has set up a peculiar de
fense in a suit brought against him by
Mrs. Susie P. Roberts to recover $50 due
on a. promissory note executed by Cordell
in October, 1S96, but since lost by the
complainant. In his answer filed yester
day. Cordell alleges that the action Is
barred by the provisions of the act to pro
mote the purity of elections, but fails to
state exactly how the purity law should
save him from. paying his debts.
Cordell was a candidate for Justice of
the Peace on the Citizens' Republican
ticket, and in her complaint Mrs. Roberts,
who is the wife of A. E. Roberts, a
teachor in the Humboldt Evening School,
alleged that she advanced him $150 in the
interest of his candidacy. She further al
leged that only $100 had been paid back
by Cordell. and she sued for the re
mainder, with interest.
It is likely that the Board of Education
will take a hand in tho controversy, as a
rule was recently passed providing that
all employes of the School Department
must pay their debts under pain of dis
missal. Should Mrs. Roberts" claim be
found just Cordell may be called upon to
explajn.
The suit will be heard by Judge Kerri
gan.
TAKES REFUGE BEHIND
PBRITY OF ELECTIONS LAW
the opinion the court was too severe in hi3
sentence. Aitken refused to talk of the
matter when seen at the jail.
MATTERS OF INTEREST
TO CITY TAXPAYERS
court it will be heard by the Justices tn
bank. It Is believed that the principal
reason for the advancement of the case
was the desire for the matter to be set
tled before the coming campaign begins in
earnest.
NO MORE SOFT
SNAPS FOR THE
HARBOR POLICE
Their Day's Work of Eight
Hours 'to Cease on
Saturday.
Chief Sullivan Has Ordered That
They Must *Be Placed on the
Same Footing as in Other
The change will necessitate a lieutenant
being assigned to assist Captain Dun
leavy. He has been hitherto without one,
a sergeant performing that duty. It is
expected that if Lieutenant Bennett on
the retired list is reported by the medical
examiners fit for duty he will be assigned
to the harbor district. In any case, when
the headquarters are transferred to the
Hall of Justice Lieutenant Esola will be
out of a Job and the harbor will be open
to him.
The Chief has now decided that on and
after July 1 the men at the harbor station
will be placed on the. same footing as the
men in the other districts and the "soft
snap" is at an end. Captain Dunleavy
was instructed yesterday by the Chief to
make his arrangements so that the new
order would come into effect on July 1.
It is thought that he will require more
men, and if so they will be taken from
some of the other districts, but he waa
asked to so arrange it that no more men
would be necessary.
Unlike other districts in the city, the
officers at the harbor station had only to
serve eight hours each day. They had
eight hours for work, eight hours for
amusement and eight hours for sleep. In
other districts the men have to be on duty
one day twelve hours and the other day
six hours, making eighteen hours in the
two days. But the watches are so ar
ranged that an officer has no time foi
amusement unless he gives up several
hours which should be devoted to sleep.
To get transferred to the harbor district
has always been looked upon In the de
partment as .a sort of promotion, as it
was considered a "soft snap." "When a
vacancy occurred there was as much
wire-pulling as for a promotion as ser
geant, and the man who was assigned to
nil the vacancy was envied by his brother
officers.
Chief Sullivan Issued an order yester
day to take effect July 1 that will cause
consternation among the officers on the
water front, and surprise the force gen
erally. Captain Dunleavy was summoned
to his presence yesterday morning and
was informed of the new order.
RETIRED SERGEANTS TO
BE RETURNED TO DUTY
Harper, Wright, Price and Melody
Reported Fit for Ser
vice. ' .
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sion last night the following report was
received from its examining physicians:
After a careful examination we find the fol
lowing police officers now on the pension fund
so improved that we consider them fit for active
police duty: Edgar Harper, C. P. Wright.
William Price and Joseph Melody. In the case
of II. Monahan, we find him suffering [mm
extensive varicose veins in both legrs, incapaci
tating him from duty. William Tyner we find
suffering from asthma, rendering him unfit for
duty. .
Tho policemen restored were ordered by
the Commissioners to report to Chief Sul
livan on the 1st prox.
Patrolman J. P. Wost was recommend
ed for a pension on account of partial
paralysts of the right side. ' The applica
tions for renewals of licenses of Dunn
Bros.. Gobey, William Abbott. Rudolph
Techau and the Terminal saloon went
over to the next meeting.
A number of keepers of saloons In vari
ous parts of town had their licenses re
newed only on condition that their places
were In the future to be run in a more
orderly manner.
It was decided to reopen the cases
aginst Harry Hook and James Kelly, ex
sergeants, reduced some- time ago to the
ranks, as there was no record of the
charges against them. They will be given
a chance to regain their old positions.
Initial Santa Fe Train Bringing
Travelers Direct to Arrive
Saturday.
A dispatch was received yesterday from
Los Angeles stating that the first passen
ger train to run all the way from Chicago
to this city over the rails of the Santa
Fe system is duo here on Saturday next.
It consists of ten cars, carrying 250 naval
recruits from New York for the China
fleet. , ;¦ ,¦: -v;
WILL BRING FIRST
,;.V'. CHICAGO PASSENGERS
The City .Attorney advised Treasurer
Brooks yesterday that it has been re
'peatedly decided by the Supreme Court
that the funds of each fiscal year must
bear the burden of tho expenses incurred
in such year. Taxes raised for the years
1894-05-96-97-98 cannot he used for the pay
ment of back claims. The opinion came
in reply to a communication from the
Treasurer that there are some $60,000 in
registered claims outstanding for supplies
and other necessaries furnished the city
in 1892, and askinp if money collected for
delinquent taxes during subsequent years
could be used to liquidate the claim
Cannot Pay Old Claims,
Mrs. Sadie McGuire-Rosenbaum, widow
of j the late Emll D. Rosenbaum, and
other relatives of the deceased appeared
In Judge Coffey's court yesterday that
the hearing of the petition for the pro
bate of the will, which bequeaths the en
tire estate to Mrs. Rosenbaum, might be
taken up. Owing to the absence of Judsre
Coffey. who is enjoying his vacation at
the springs, the cage was continued for
a week. <>
Kosenbaum ' Case Continued.
The cases of Schwartz, Crowley, Cor
bett and Riley, charged with violating the
poolselling ordinance, were called In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday to be set and
were continued for hearing until to-mor
row. George Duncan of Crowley's pool
rooms and Thomas Corbett of Corbetfs
were arrested yesterday afternoon by Po
licemen Kentzel and Owens and were re
leased on $50 cash ball. They were also
arrested last Saturday. . S0
Poolroom Men in Court.
The Board of. Public Works addressed
a communication yesterday, to General
Manager Vlning of the Market Street
Railway Company inquiring whether or
not the railroad tracks on Battery strept
between California and Market? are
the^ property of the company. ¦ and If bo
If it is the intention of the company to
put them into use and when. .
Tracks on Battery Street
The dead body of an unknown man waa
found yesterday morning on the sidewalk
on Front street, between Pacific' and
Broadway. An autopsy disclosed the fact
that death had been caused by alcohol
ism. He was poorly dressed. The bodv
is at the Morgue. > J
Alcohol Causes His Death.
Ella V. Mindham has sued her husband,
James Mindham, for maintenance. Mrs.
Mindham alleges that her husband who
Is employed as foreman In a lumber yard
haa failed to contribute toward her suW
port since June 17.
Sues' for Maintenance.
ANGLERS HONOR
HORACE SMYTH
AT A BANQUET
JOHN R. AITKEX, THE SAN FRANCISCO ATTORNET, WHO HAS
BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF CONTEMPT OF COURT AT BAKERSFIELD.
BAKERSFIELD, June 2S.-John R. Alt
ken, a prominent attorney of San Fran
cisco, Is in the Kern County jail under
sentence of five days* imprisonme'nt and
a fine of $300 is hanging over h!s head.
He was sent to jail this afternoon by Su
perior Judge Mahon for using the follow
ing language in a brief submitted to the
court:
"If this Is a moot case, as during the
trial the court on several occasions de
clared It to be, then the court should of
its own motion dismiss the proceedings.
"The principle is well established that
courts will not sit to determine abstrac
tions, and will refuse to proceed In a
cause which involves only a right that
has ceased to exist since the action was
commenced.
"The defendants In this case were repre
sented by but one attorney, and plaintiff
by three of the most intelligent, active,
capable and experienced lawyers in Kern
County, If not In the State, who were not
only responsible for but were actively en
gaged in representing and protecting their
side of the case, and the trial should have
been left to them."
Three weeks ago Mr. Altken represent
ed the defendant in the trial of the case
of Palmes vs. Osborn, a suit to quiet title
to some oil land. When the case was con
cluded argument was submitted on brief*.
Since the trial of the case another suit
has grown out of the same contention,
and it appears from the way the latter
suit originated Judge Mahon was wrought
up to say It was a "moot case." During
the trial of the latter suit to-day Judge
Mahon/ during recess, took occasion to
look over Aitken's brief In the. first case
for the first time. It was then he found
the foregoing contemptuous language.
When court convened Judge Mahon thus
addressed himself to Mr. Aitken:
"It appears to me that there has been
a flagrant contempt of this court, and a
citation is now being prepared which will
summon you to appear before this court
to show cause why you should not be pun
ished for contempt.
When adjudged guilty of contempt and
sentenced to five days In jail and a fine of
$o00 AHken and his associates In the case
were dumfoundfd.
Aitken was then marched to jail. To
night his associates are preparing a writ
of habeas corpus to submit to the Supreme
Court. Aitken was at one time Superior
Judge of San Diego County. Many are of
— ?
Clever Addresses, Music and an Elab
orate Menu Develop the Good-
Fellowship of the Experts
With the Rod.
Plycasting Club Members
Welcome Him Home
Prom Europe.
M. C. Allen. E. T. Allen, John S. Benn T.
W Brotherton. Charles Mannon, John P. Bab
cock. II. Battu, C. H. Bush. "W. E. Brooks.
W. F. Bocart, John Butler, Frank Hall, Louis
Butler. \V.-A. Cooper, W. E. Dassonvllle, F.
E. Daverkosen, Edward Everett, Colonel
George C. Edwards. J. Homer Fritch. M. Geary.
H. C.-Oolcher. F. M. Halght, Charles Huyck.
W. Conrad. R. Isenbruck. Max Drown, Charles
Klein, J. B. KennifT, C. R. KennlfT, Dr. % C.
G. Levlson, A, E. Lovett, "William Sand. \V.
A. L. Miller, H. F. Muller. Walter D. Mans-
Held. John Peltier. J. B. Hatstead S. Itosen
helm. L Golden. A. S. Xewbunh, II. E. Skin
ner, Jonn F. Siebe, Horace Smyth, C. C. Strat
ton, Alfred Sutro, James S. Turner. H. C. Wy
man. R. Terry, F. Marcus. Georje Walker,
C. W. Hibbard, F. S. Johnson, A. T. Vogel
sang. C. M. Mannon and J. X. I>e Witt.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club entertained their secretary.
Horace Smyth, last night at dinner. For
the past eleven months Mr. Smyth has
been touring Europe, drifting wherever
his fancy dictated. His reception was a
flattering one. There were flowers in pro
fusion, music rendered by a string orches
tra and an elaborate menu to be discussed
before the welcoming of the club's guest
was put into words. This pleasant duty
devolved upon President Walter D. Mans
field, who gave Mr. Smyth full credit for
the great services he nad rendered the
club during his < incumbency of the office
of secretary.
Mr. Smyth responded by tracing his
travels up the Nile and telling of the fish
and fisherman he saw. -
Alex T. Vogelsang responded to the
toast of "The Kickers," in which he
touched lightly and humorously on the
foibles of the guest of the evening.
Alfred Sutro responded for the "New
Members"; I. Golden for the "Twentieth
Centurv." and M. C. Allen "The Press."
A E Everett rendered several vocal se
lections. The members and their guests
present were:
Charles Donnelly, a professional nurse,
was charged In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday with disturbing the peace. Mon
day he went to Perry street, near Third,
seeking for a man named Johnson, and
because he could not find him he as
saulted . James Sheehan. a boy, and Pat
rick Banahan, who went to the boy's as
sistance. He also struck and kicked the
boy's mother. The Judge convicted him
and ordered that a charge of battery be*
also booked against him. He will be sen
tenced to-day.
Assaulted Three People.
A determined effort Is being made by
the residents and property owners— and
for that matter all the residents are prop
erty owners — of Kureka Valley for bet
ter school accommodations for their chil
dren. A recent canvass of the valley
made with the object of securing signa
tures for a petition to the Board of Kdu
cation for the erection of a twelve-class
school building resulted in obtaining the
signatures of WX) householders having
children of legal school age. They are
very anxious to have a building In which
their children can be educated without
compelling the little ones to walk a mile
to a school, and then after they get there
to sit two in a seat.
During the past live years the popula
tion in tills valley has Increased one hun
dred fold, until at the present time it is a
little settlement *n itself with thrifty
householders and a large school attend
ance. The only school within one mile
of the eastern batfe of the heights is the
Douglass Primary at Nineteenth and
Colliriffwood streets, which is greatly
overcrowded. During the last school
term the children were compelled to sit
as many as two and three at one desk,
whereas the rules of the department are
that only one pupil shall occupy a desk.
Even in this overcrowded condition -there
were by actual count 150 children of legal
school age who were compelled to remain
at home because there was no place for
them in the school. It is this condition
of affairs that brings the heads of fam
ilies to the front with a loud and long
complaint for a proper school building in
which their children, can receive that to
which they are entitled, a public school
education. The petition for this new
building has been placed on file by the
Hoard of School Directors, with a prom
ise to give It special consideration.
Next to the necessity of better school
facilities is the want of a buildinp for an
engine and hose cart in order that the
property of the people, may have protec
tion against fire. The distance and the
scarcity of fire hydrants renders any at
tempt to extinguish a conflagration futile.
Population of That Section Has In
creased One Hundred Fold Dur
ing the Last Five
Years.
Six. Hundred Families Join
in Petition to the Board
of Education.
RESIDENTS OF
EUREKA VALLEY
WANT SCHOOLS
Patrick Reddy, the Eminent Lawyer,
r\ A I 1 • I I A La.
Passes Away at His Home After a
Long Illness.
WILL PLEAD BEFORE
A HIGHER TRIBUNAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, hvvi}.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S93, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and Ml of the Political Code condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner*.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $163,170 87
Loans on bonds and mortgages 10,000 00
Ca«h market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 807,300 00
Cash In banks H.9H7 90
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans go
Premiums In due course of collection 33 Sid 71
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks jyi «i
Rents due and accrued 475 M
Total assets tsfi3. 9 i 2 03
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid j CSS 00
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 1.200 00
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less. n«,757 53; reinsur-
ance. 60 per cent T1.37S 77
Gross premiums on flre rlsk 9 running
more than one. year, 131.724 CO; rein-
surance pro rata jg 455 - ft
All other demands against company. 7^901 sj
Total liabilities ~-<o.sm 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flro
premiums S2S3 Sir* -7
Received for interest and dlvidends'on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 17 r>A 1*
Received for rent ] 12^1^2 50
Total Income SI 53. 772 5">
'EXPEXDITtmES. "~
Net amount paid for flr« losses (in-
cluding $4019 65. losses of previous
pJw?1>r '«iiiow4d'Vor"coramisiion""or $ 5 °' SC ° '*
brokerage »r »«¦•» r-%
Paid for naJaries, f>*s, ar.d othsr
charjres for officer*, clerks, etc n m «i
Paid for 8tate. rational and locai
taxes 5 jm -.
All other payments and expenditures is|c5 71
Total expenditures 11*3 »13 "«
Lo»8^m Incurred durtajc the year, tin'.'.t 4s!?07 b
Risks and Premiums. Hisk3. iurM."
Net amount of risks writ- ~
tea during the year JlT.CM.ISfi jri3.«31 $1
Net amount of rtsk3 ex- • j
plred during: the year 17,074 ?C2) 113,270 73
Net amount In force De- i
cember 81. ISM 17.«1.?84| 834.4ST 53
SAM R. WEED, of and for
Weed «fc Kennedy, Manaser*.
Pub«erlb*d and «worn to before me thi« I7th
day of January. 1900. F. TnSTlBV.CK.
Notary Public.
North America.
HI; Famous Art Galleries of the
World.
IV. Historic Studies In Home Fur-
nishing.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
turies.
VI. Literary Talks and Reminis-
cences. * .
I. American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
...1900...
Beginning Friday, June 15.
SUMMER COURSES,
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director.
Home Study Circle.
THE CALL'S
Largest Medic at Institute «nd Most ExtensJw
Practice. Consultation Free.
T3I MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Horn* Curss. Fetlid PriT»t» Book, fre«.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch 1351 KJt232r». Ut. &ii».S./.&l.
ty^ The Larzmt Anatomical Mtncutn in tfc*
.i»*T\j .- "°" d - W'es^ncses of any er>n:racT;;l
ISS S3 I apeciiliit ca th» C j*u. Est 36 yaarv
g*3e* 4 OR- JOaDAN-PRlY&TE 0!S£ASES
I wmB t-o«tiltation fre*j »nd srrirtir prmnj.
I ,Muf H rt '"Bent pfrionnlly cr by letter. A t
I V t|| to.hv* Ourun nrery case undertaken.
PI life "rtt« far Book. PHILOSOPHY «f.
i H - «»»«lAliK. MAII.BD nU i A !
4 /J. vatuabto book fat nu-p )
f>R. Jr«Kl>AN*CO.,1051 JlarfeRtSt.3. F. <
C. F. MULLINS - • Manager,
E. T. NIEBLIN6, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.Alec Greggains is arranging a boxinij
night to be held at his club on the even
ing of July 10 for the benefit of the widow
of brave Fireman John Sweeney. All tho
followers of the ring have taken kindly
to the proposition and hav« promised to
lend their support.
Champions Again Win, While the
Quakers Are Beaten.
CORRECT STANDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...35 17 .6T3!Chlcago ....24 29 .433
Philadelphia 32 21 .6<>4*Cincinnatl ..23 28 .431
Boston 26 25 .BIO St. Louis 21 28 .423
I'lttsburg ...26 27 ,«l:Xew York.. .19 31 .330
PITTSBURG, June 2C.— Chicago took the lead
In the eighth by effective bunting, assisted by
a. forced run on balls, but the home team dup
licated the play in their half. Callahan had
two bad innings, in which eight of the twelve
hits were irade. Attendance, 23C0. Score:
Plttsbui-B f J2 2
Chicago 6 12 4
Batteries— Phlllppi and ZImmer; Callahan and
Dexter. Umpire— Hurst.
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— Cincinnati won to-day
by bunching hits. Scott was in superb form.
In only one inning did St. Louis find his bend
era. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. ,E.
St. LO'JiS B 10 4
Cincinnati • 7 11 1
Batteries — Jones and Crleer: Scott and Pelts.
Umpire — Swart wood.
BOSTON, June 26.— Bernhardt went in for
Philadelphia again to-day and was batted hard
and often by Boston. I Lewis, though wild, was
effective. except In one Inning, when an error,
a bare on balls and four hits, scored five runs
for Philadelphia. Attendance. 3000. Score:
. • K. H. E.
Boston 10 17 . 8
Philadelphia .* .—• « 8 2
INCREASING THETB LEAD.
West End Club to Give a Ball.
The first grand ball under the auspices
of the "West End Club will be held at
B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street. Satur
day evening next. Ladles will be admit
ted free. ; .
THE promoters of coursing have come
together and entered into an agree
ment similar to that which exists
bet-ween the horse-racing associa
tions in this district. In brief, the director
ates of Ingleside Coursing Park and of
Union Coursing Park have decided to hold
alternate meetings, only one park to be
in operation at a time. As Union Park's
representatives were In a position to dic
tate terms, that field will be open four
weeks to three weeks for Ingleside. There
will be no coursing at the latter park
until July 25, when its gates will be re
opened, and coursing will be promoted
there until August 12, when Union Park
will again take up the sport. Each park
will retain Its present field officials and
employes. Union Park will continue
without Interruption until July 25, and
efforts will be made to prepare a pro
gramme which will appeal strongly to
all persons interested in coursing.
The negotiations which resulted in this
radical departure In the promotion of
coursing on this coast have been pending 1
for some time. The representatives of
Ingleside Park took the Initiative in the
matter, making the first overtures to the
Union Park management. The most diffi
cult matter in connection with the change
was that of a fair division of dates. This
being settled, the other details were
quickly agreed upon.
One of the first moves under the new ar
rangement will be the doing away with
the free gate, which obtains at the pres
ent time. This will not go into effect un-
til next week in order that due notice may
be given. A $5 entrance fee will be
charged and the added money increased
so that the prizes will all be larger than
those now paid. It Is Intended to weed
out the dogs that are not able to per
form creditably on the coursing field, thus
making It unprofitable for men to breed
or train them for the sport.
To accommodate the dogs which are not
of the highest quality, one and possibly
two stakes may be run during the week,
giving at least three and possibly four
days' sport.
' The second meeting of the Ingleside
Club will commence about October 1,
when the management expects to have its
new park, just across the county line, in
readiness. In the meantime, should any
adverse legislation or decision of the
courts take from the Ingleside Coursing
Club the privileges it now enjoys, the
agreement becomes void.
The usual midweek stake will be run
to-day at Union Park. The coursing
train will leave at 11 a. m. The first draw
of Union Park under the new arrange
ment will be held to-night.
The coursing men with the best grey
hounds will, apparently, be benefited by
the merging of the Interests of the twb
parks. There seems a genuine desire on
the part of the management of both to In
crease the prizes to such a point as the
profits wiirpermlt, leaving a fair margin
of profit for the promoters. The owners
of poor dogs will find their opportunities
for coursing- limited, as the park manage
ment will be In a position to decline en
tries of dogs who are not able to win a
course.
Dsath of a Chinese Minister.
Rev. Lee Gar Chin, a prominent mem
ber of the Methodist Chinese Episcopal
Mission, 916 Washington street, died yes
terday after a short Illness. Deceased
was a native of China and 49 years of
age. The funeral will take place from
the mission this afternoon.
Real Estate Was Auctioned.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. sold at auction
yesterday the following property: 221
Davis street, near Clay, improvements
consisting of a three-story and basement
brick building, 20x55 feet. $11,900; 2409 Clay.
$3500; 2601 Post. $3150; 217-251 Shipley. $4900;
4247 Twenty-fourth. $1975.
Ingleside Park and Union Park Will Hold Alternate Meet
ings, the Former Running Three Weeks to
1 11 U Ulillvl U 1 vUli
COURSING MEN COMBINE AND AGREE
TO DIVIDE DATES FOR ONE YEAR
Harvard Shuts Out Yale.
NEW HAVEN. June 26.— Score: Harvard 3,
Tale 0.
Batteries— Lewis and Sullivan; Bernhardt and
Dourlass. Umpire — Kmslie.
NEW YORK. June 26— The Brooklrns took
another game from New York to-day. The lat
ter locked like winners until the seventh, when
the local team began to make errors, and this,
mixed with the Brooklyn's hits, settled the re
sult. Attendance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Xew York 6 11 T
Brooklyn 8 13 4
Batteries — Mercer and Warner; McUlnnity
and McGulre. Umpire— Latham.
American League Games.
CHICAGO, June 2S.— Score: Chicago. 11;
Minneapolis. 4.
BUFFALO. June 2S.— Score: Buffalo. 12; In
dianapolis. 4.
CLEVELAND, June 16. — Score: Cleveland. 3;
Detroit. 2.
MILWAUKEE. June 28.— Score: Milwaukee.
6; Kansas City, 2.
CROWLEY NO LONGER A
BOXING CLUB MANAGER
Dan Crowley, the well-known sporting
man. is no longer manager of the Colum
bia Athletic Club. He has been super
seded by "William J. Kennedy, ex-super
intendent of the Olympic Club. This move
on the part of the board of directors of
the Columbia organization will create a
sensation In sporting circles. Crowley has
been to the front since the organiza-tlon of
the club of which he was the head and
has arranged all the bouts which have
been fought under Its auspices.
Dt'ring the past week some ugly rumors
have been afloat regarding Crowley's
management of the corporation, and as
he was not present to defend himself, bis
friends tried to refute the stories as best
they could. The continued absence of
Crowley and the appointment of Kennedy
as his successor lend some colo'r to tho
stories that have been current in sport
dom.
It is stated that Crowley has been lax
In his business methods and has not mado
an accounting to Dr. Drucker, Charles S.
Kapp and Messrs. Epptnger and McGin
ley of the receipts and expenditures of the
Nelll-Moffatt fight, which took place at
Woodward's Pavilion under the sanction
of the Columbia Club. Crowley had been
asked repeatedly to attend a meeting oi
the directors, but has up to this tlma
failed to do so. One of the directors stat
ed yesterday that there were a number of
bills against the club which were unpala.
although the erstwhile manager had been
given the money to pay the same. Two ot
the directors are Incensed at the peculiar
manner In which Crowley transacts busi
ness and they are tn favor of Instituting
legal proceedings against him for an ac
counting 1 .
Judd Glbbs, manager of the National
Club, will leave for the East In July for
the purpose of securing a heavyweight
battle for his club. Fitzslmmons. Ruhlin.
Corbett and others in line for champion
ship honors will be invited to fight In this
city.
CALIFORNIA HORSES
WON NUMEROUS PURSES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 26.— The race meeting
.closed here yesterday. It being a post
poned day the management offered a free
gate as an attraction. Even ¦with this
strong Inducement only a fair crow-1
viewed the harness and running events.
This can be attributed almost entirely to
the syndicate style of betting. The gro
tesqueness of the prices laid bordered on
the absurd, 103 per cent books being aa
common as honeybees on an orange blos
som. Next year a complete reformation
is promised under an entirely new man
agement.
The California horsemen and riders par
ticipating at the meeting more than held
their own. "Billy" Randall won more
than half a dozen purses ¦with Midlove,
Gauntlet and Panamint. but the books
held his horses at such ridiculously low
odds that he laid away but little outside
of the purses. He refused an offer of
J1000 for Gauntlet from the Texas rider,
Jones. The Montana turfman will ship
his horses back to Sacramento and will
then pay a visit to his Great Falls home.
Frank McMahon will rest Alarla and
Croker at this point while he Journeys on
to Saratoga to give the Eastern ring u
rattle. Frank did not win many purses,
but he was down good and thick when
Alarla did score.
Morton and McArthur are as yet un
decided whether to return to California
or make the St. Louis trip. Game Warden
is still on the sick list and will need quite
a let-up. Harry Finton. owner of Ter
rene, will ship to St. Louis, where he
hopes to annex a purse or two.
McDonald, the coast rider, outclassed
the other riders shoes to plate with eight
een firsts, five seconds, three thirds and
only eight unplaced mounts to his credit.
His piloting of horses, even at this mixed
meeting, was above reproach. Bozeman
could land but a single winner, his habits
being against Buccess. "Chub" Russe'l
reached the wire first on five and Fauntlr>
roy on two horses. The Texas rider.
Jones, owner of R, Q. Ban, was second on
the list with ten winning mounts. Mc-
Donald will return to California, the Turf
Congress still refusing to issue him a
license. _
The attendance throughout at Overland
Park has been good, but from a financial
standpoint the promoters about broke
even. Gavin & Co.. the bookmakers, got
out the last three days. The judging In
both the trotting and running events was
performed by P. E. Mulholland of San
Francisco to the entire satisfaction of
local and visiting turfmen. On the closing
day P. F. Regan occupied the starters
box and his work was of the highest class.
hanging on he managed to stay the round.
Fifteenth round — Tom was up first. He
closed, but Gus rent him away with short
left and right jolts on the head. Tom
looked tired and Gus followed him and
jabbed his head back and crossed his right
to the jaw. Tom staggered and Ruhlin
stepped in and banged him with both
hands until the sailor staggered to the
floor. He was up at the count but unable
to make a defense, and again he went to
the carpet from Ruhlin's blows. With
bulldog gameness he again struggled to
his feet. Gus by this time was hardly
able to use his hands. When Tom again
regained his teet Gus staggered to the
game sailor and sent short lefts and rights
to the head that looked as if they would
not hurt a child, but Tom was so badly
done up that he again went down under
them. Again he rose blindly to his feet,
and Gus walked to him. Tom tried to
clinch, but Gus stepped back and put a
straight left to the face and a right Up
percut on the jaw. Tom then toppled
forward all nut. and Referee Johnny
White waved Rrhlin to his corner, while
the sailor pugilist's seconds carried him
to his corner, where he gradually revived
and soon was able to leave the ring.
Victor and Vanquished.
When seen In his dressing-room Ruhlin
acted like a big child.
"Well, what did you think of It?" was
his greeting to the interviewers. "Didn't
I do all right? I'm a big, slow fellow and
can't fight, maybe, but I won didn't I?
Tom is a tough, game fellow and gave
me a good fight, but I had not any doubt
as to the ending. I'm not hurt and feel
fine and whatever Billy Madden says goes
with me. If he wants me to fight, I'll
fight, I don't care who."
His manager. Billy Madden, said: "Well,
we're now ready for Mr. Jeffries and hope
he will come to time without delay. I
think I have the champion and will make
a match as soon as Jeffries signifies a
willingness."
Sharkey was much downhearted, but
eaid he had no excuses to make. He is
willing to meet his conqueror again and
has $10,000 to bet he would win.
"Jim" Corbett was highly elated over
Ruhlin's victory. He said Jeffries had
done a lot of talking lately and will now
have to make good his bluff or quit.
then took a hand and Jabbed his left hard
to the face and followed with his right.
Tom steadied himself and worked both
hands to the body, and Gus landed left
and right to the head. The fighting was
remarkably fast for big men and the
crowd was cheering wildly.
Third round— Tom rushed and Gus met
him with both hands to the head. "Hook
low and wallop:" yelled O'Rourke, but
Tom was mad, and again rushed wildly.
Gus slammed him with both hands, but
cculd not keep him off. Tom then drove
both hands to the body and Gus coun
tered with his left to the head. Tom
dropped to escape punishment. He was
right un, only to get both hands on the
face and head from Gus. Tom was bleed
ing at the nose when the bell rang, and
both were tired.
Fourth round — Gus danced about when
Tom rushed, but when Tom closed plant
ed a hard right on the sailor's body. They
then mixed in Sharkey's corner. Gus was
very tired, and Tom was little better.
Tom rushed and jabbed his left to the
face. He repeated the blow and Gus sent
him away with both hands to the body.
The round was much slower than the pre
ceding ones, and both were glad to heai
the bell.
Some Hard Slogging-.
Fifth round— Tom was first on his feet
and, meeting Gus in the center, planted
his left to the body and swung his right
to the Jaw. Again he landed the sam<s
punches and Gus countered with a right
jolt on the body. Both roughed it on the
ropes. Gus shot a straight right to the
face and Tom rushed him across the ring
and landed a right behind the ear. Gus
jabbed back, but was verv tired, and Tom
banged him with hard rights to the body
and both hands to the head. Gus was
staggering when the bell rang.
Sixth round — Tom rushed and hooked
his left to the jaw and Gus jabbed his
left, cutting Tom's right eye. Tom was
wild and rushed and swung his right
heavily to Ruhlin's jaw. They mixed it
up hard, both landing left and right
swings to the head at close quarters.
Tom hooked his left to the jaw and Gus
crossed with his right, sending Tom back,
and followed with a hard left to the wind.
Both again landed both hands to the fac«
and were mixing It at the bell.
Seventh round— Tom rushed and swung
his left to the jaw. They clinched and
broke ¦without a punch, and Gus Jabbed
his left to the face. Tom again rushed
and they clinched. Tom Jabbed his left to
the head and Ruhlin cent him away with
one of the same kind. Sharkey landed a
right on the body and Gus uppercut his
left to the face and then swung his right
to the Jaw. He repeated the trick, and,
ducking Tom's swings, drove his right to
the body as the bell rar.gr. Both were now
very tired.
Eighth round— Tom rushed again and
Jolted his right to the body. Gus closed
and landed left and right to the face.
Tom was still aggressive and rushed Gus
about the ring. Again Gus Jabbed and fol
lowed with a right across the jaw. Tom
rushed, only to take a left to the face and
a right on the jaw. Tom staggered and
Gus rushed and banged him with both
hands to the jaw, and Tom went to the
floor, taking the count and getting to his
feet only as the bell rang.
Sharkey Badly Punished.
Ninth round— Tom rushed and Gus met
him with a straight left to the face that
Jarred him. Tom swung wildly, but his
blows landed around the neck, and Cius
planted both hands to the body. Tom
still came on, but Gus measured him and
sent a crashing right to the jaw. He
could not keep the sailor away, but every
time he came Gus was ready for him and
sent right and left to the head with telling
effect. Gus looked the best at the bell.
Tenth round — Gus stood in his corner in
a crouching position, and when Tom
came in sent him back with a short right
on the jaw. Tom rushed back and sent
a terrific left to the body. He tried to re
peat the blow, but Gus blocked It and
sent back a left to the head. Gus mixed
It with him, and Tom made him wabble
with a right on the Jaw. Gus then swung
a right to the body that could be heard
throughout the building, but the sailor
was good yet and was rushing again
when the bell rang*.
Eleventh round— Tom rushed and swung
his left to the neck. Both steadied them
selves and Gus Jabbed his left twice to
the face. Tom responded with a right on
the Jaw and Gus brok/» ground. Tom fol
lowed and jabbed his left to the face and
urpercut his rlpht to the chin. Both
were so tired they were hardly able to
stand, but the aggressive sailor rushed,
only to take a right swing on the Jaw
that staggered him. Tom swung for the
body, but fell short and hit Gus on the
thigh before the close.
Twelfth round— Again Tom rushed and
landed on the body. Gus Jabbed his left
to the face and sent Tom's head back.
Tom was bleeding badly [ from the eye
and nose. Tom rushed to a clinch and
pulled Gus across the ring. They broke
and Tom sent a hard right to Ruhlin's
body. Gus shifted about the ring, but
met Sharkey's rushes with left Jabs.
Neither man's blows were carrying any
force.
Sailor's Bulldog Oameness.
Thirteenth round— Tom rushed, but Gus
danced away and Tom grinned. Gus
jabbed his left to the face, and forcing
Sharkey to his corner drove both hands to
the head. Tom forced his ¦way- out and
bore Gus across the ring: and swung a
hard right to the head. Gus was cool and
fighting cautiously. He Jabbed Tom hard
on the face and hooked his ripht to the
head, at the Fame time blocking Tom's
swings. Both were resting at the bell.
Fourteenth round— Tom rushed and fell
short with his right for the body. Gus
jabbed his left to the face and almost
took Tom off his feet. Ruhlin now seemed
stronger, and three times Jolted his right
for the head. Tom was bad. and Gus
banped him around with both hands, play
ing' heavily on the head. It looked as if
the sailor would surely go out,, but by
GUS RUHLIN.
SEASIDE ATHLETIC CLUB, CON*ET
ISLAND. June 26.— For the first time
la his pugilistic career Tom Sharkey
¦went down to decisive defeat to
night In the historic arena of the
Seaside Athletic Club, and big Gus Ruh
lin, the Ohio pugilist, was his conqueror.
It was a clean knockout alter fifteen
rounds of fighting that made a memor
able rir.g battle. Save in the matter of
aggressiveness. Ruhlin led from the start
oSC in every feature of the game, and at
all times had the fight well In hand.
Sharkey did not give up his place in the
line cf first-class heavyweights without
a determined struggle. No soldier ever
gave more desperate battle; no man
sinking to unconsciousness ever clung
more determinedly to his vitality. Even
at the end. when blinded by the blows of
his powerful opponent and dulled mental
ly by the battering of his foe, he clung
Instinctively to the massive frame of the
ir.an who was his master.
The decisive battle and unexpected re
rult were truly a surprise for the sporting
public. No line of form that could be
figured gave the Ohioan more than a 1
to 2 char.ee. Sharkey had met and at
least stood off all of the leading heavy
weights row in the ring. He was known
to be a giant in strength, courageous to
a point beyond discretion and aggressive.
Ruhlin, on the other hand, had never
made a particularly good showing against
any man of reputation and was regarded
as a ec-cend rater. Hence there was
apathy as to the fight, and while there
was some spirited betting, Ruhlin never
showed better than 10 to 7. and it was
even money that he would not last ten
rounds. Tne management, in fact. In
tended to put the general admission down
to JL There was a big cro*'d on hand,
liuwex-er, and it was treated to a rattling
good fight, with surprising results.
Sharkey an Odds-On Choice.
ci-.arkey was the first maji to come, and
it was l&:06 p. m. when he appeared. The
Impatient crowd gave him a fair volley
cf applause and was not especially enthu
6i££uc when Ruhlin came in a minute
later. Ruhiia showed to great advantage
from a spectator'6 viewpoint when the
men Etooa up together. He had height
and weight and reach and looked big and
muscular. His condition seemed perfect
and his work as the battle progressed
showed that it was. Sharkey was not
lacking In the matter of condition either,
and that cannot be urged In explanation
or extenuation. At 10:lo o'clock, when the
men, answering the gong, came to the
center, speculators went through the
crowd offering 2 to 1 on Sharkey. At these
rigures there was a heavy play and the
tsifiKt. did the paying.
A? the men eparred for an opening it
could be Eeen that Gus showed improved
footwork and greater cleverness in avoid
ing punishment. Ability In that respect,
coupled with his natural advantages, gave
him a superiority which he never waived.
He also showed fierce punishing power
and It was only Sharkey's superb vitality
that kept him from defeat earlier in the
battle. He used his right and left with
equal facility and made them both count.
lie rather lacked in aggressiveness, and
if he had gone in could have finished the
battle much earlier than he did. He al
lowed Sharkey to make the pace, and
although he met him determinedly enough
when he came in he did not press all of
Ills advantages. He used his right to ex
cellent advantage and time and again
stepped in after the chunkey Irishman
had swung at him and made his blow
ccur.t
Sharkev, with that marvelous aggr^s-
Eiveness "which has made and marked his
pugllisric career, made the pace from the
EQuare-onT until he was helpless.
Bunlin'6 Telling Blows.
He had met oil master, however, and
defeat, though slow, was inevitable.
Each round brought him closer to it.
Ruhlin kept away from his wild swings
and desperate leads and kept hammering
his left and right to the face and body.
He cut the sailor's face until it was
bathed in blood, and marked his chest
and sides where he planted his powerful
punches. They clashed In desperate
clinches and were broken time and again.
Sharkey Bhowed an inclination to rough
It and wrestle In the clinches, and the un-
Evmpathetic crowd hissed and hooted at
him. Cries of "Foul:" rang from the
crowd, but the referee refused to inter
fmrim
* The finish was dramatic. Sharkey had
struggled through the fourteenth round
by desperate effort, and was but little re
vived when he came up for the fifteenth.
He made a wild try with his left. and.
when he missed. Ruhlin caught, him on
the jaw with his left. Ruhlin sprang in
and beat the Irishman down to the floor
with a volley of punches. The resolute
fighter struggled to his feet. and. when
Ruhlin came In-, clutched him around the
waist. Ruhlin shook him off and dropped
him again. A thousand men. frenzied in
tiieir excitement, surrounded the ring
and there was a din of hoarse yells.
Eharkty scrambled up again and thpn
Etapgcfed against the ropes. Ruhlin
peemed unable to finish him, and that
¦would have been a charity. Sharkey
Tvont down for the third time, but with
dogged determination staggered to his
feet He was blind and unsteady, and a
punch put him down. The referee
Flopped in and ended the contest. Shar
key was helpless.
Bi!lv Madden sprang Into the ring and
k!«s=ed his protege, nnd then aided in
cHrrvinjc him from the ring. He was
unmarked, while Sharkey bore a score of
bruises.
Fharkey was attended by Tom
O'Rourke. Jack Sullivan. Jimmy Buckley
and Georue I>lxon. The pallor was clad
as usual in green trunks with the Ameri
can f ae as a sash. Ruhlin had back ot
him BilivMadden. "Kid" McCoy. Charlie
Coff and Jim Corbet t as his seconds.
The men tossed for choice of corners
and Sharkey won.taklng the corner he oc
cupied whf>n he met Jeffries. Both wore
bandapc-s and little time was lost In put
tins- on the gloves. Both men looked to be
in excellent condition, but when they
Fhook hands In the center of the ring
Ruhlin showed a remarkable advantage
Jn height over the more rugged sailor.
Both were met with loud cheers when In
troduced. Referee Johnny White gave
thp mr-n thfir instructions and the gong
rang for the fray.
FIGHT BY BOTJiroS.
First round-Sharkey Immediately as
sumed the apKressive and rushed Gus to
a neutral corner, where they clinched.
7cm rushed and led again, sending both
hands to the body. Gus was rattled, but
eoon collected hfmpelf and landed hard
with a Ftrcipht left to the Jaw. Tom
rushed again and put his rl»rht to the
body, but was short for the head and Gus
again nailed him with both hands on the
head. Fhaklm? Tom up. The sailor came
back with a rush and was mixing' It up
¦when the t*rll ran?.
Second round— Tom rushed over to Ruh-
Itn's corner and swung wildly for the
head. Gus planted a rij?nt over the heart
and a straight left to the face, but Tom
¦would not eo back, and. coming strong.
clammed his left hard to the neck. Gus
Withstands the Rashes of His
Game Opponent an 1 by Hard
and Cautious Punching Fi
nally Wears Him Out.
CLEVER SHOWING OF
THE AKRON GIANT
Terrific Slogging Match
in Which the Prideof
the Kavy Is Pounded
Into Submission.
SAILOR SHARKEY KNOCKED OUT BY
RDHLIN IN THE FIFTEENTH RODND
CHICAGO, June 26.— More than 6000 peo
ple saw the racing to-day at Washington
Park. The track was fast and the weather
warm. The stake event — the Lakeside,
for two-year-olds— brought out a meeting
between Miss Bennett of Memphis and
Sofala of California, the stars of their re
spective sections. They opened at 3 to 5
each. Sofala was backed to 9 to 10, while
Miss Bennett advanced to 3 to 1. Miss
Bennett won easily. Tenny Bell made the
early pace and Miss Bennett lay in a good
position to the stretch, where she drew
away and won easily from Lady Schorr,
which beat Fancy Wood three lengths.
Sofala did not show her true form, finish
ing fifth. Results:
One mile and seventy yards— Alcedo won,
Lamachus second, Florizar third. Time, 1:47.
Five furlongs — Garry Herrman won, Alard
Scheck second. Paleton third. Time, 1:01%.
The Lakeside stakes for two-year-olds, five
furlongs— Miss Bennett won. Lady Schorr sec
ond. Fancy Wood third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, handicap— The Elector won, Sam
Fullen second. The Lady third. Time, 1:41.
Six furlongs— Sly won, Algareta second. Re
minder third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile, selling— Topmast won. Imp. Bitter
Root second, Chappaqua third. Time, 1:42.
BUFFALO. N. Y., June 26.— Alice Far
ley broke down in the handicap at Fort
Erie this afternoon, for which she was
well played, arid it is likely that Mrs.
Gray's popular mare has ended her racing
career. Results:
Six furlontrs— Klngr Full won. Sauce Box sec
ond. Hesitation third. Time, 1:15%.
Four and a half furlongs— Ethel Wheat won.
Flelche d'Or second, San Luis third. Time,
:E6H-
One and a sixteenth miles— Mile Post won,
Passalc second, I.. W third. Time, 1:4S%. .
One mile, handicap — Free Lance won. Sister
Alice second, Bell Punch third. Time, 1:41^.
Six and a half furlongs— Materlck won, Jes-
Ele Pp.rdo second. Jennie third. Time. 1:21H-
Six and a half furlongs— McGrathlana Prince
won. Expelled second, Sagunay third. Time,
1:21%.
NEW YORK, June 26.— An unusually big
crowd attended the races at Sheepshead
Bay to-day. The Tidal stakes for three
year-olds, at one mile, was the feature,
and resulted in a stirring struggle. Mc-
Meekln. the favorite, won In a hard drive
by a neck from David Garrlck. Results:
Six furloniya — Voter won. Gold d'Or second.
Hammock third. Time, 1:14.
Selling, five and one-half furlongs— Telamon
won. Militant second, Trigger third. Time,
1:07.
One and three-eighth miles — Knight of the
Garter won. Maid of Harlem second. The Ken
tucician third. Time. 2:21 3-5.
One mile, the Tidal— McMeekln won, David
Garrlck second. Mesmerist third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
The Sprl.ig. futurity course — The Parader
won. Handwork second, Luke Ward third.
Time. 1:10. /
Selling, one and cne-sixteenth miles, on turf—
Dolando won, Bombshell second. Lady Massey
third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
CINCINNATI. June 26.— The feature of
the racing at Newport to-day was Startpr
Holtman's good work with the nag. He
got the fields away In every one of the s!x
events without a false break. The weather
was cloudy and the track slow. Results:
One mile and an eighth, selling— Sarlllo won.
Prince Wilhelm second, Poutburst third. Time,
2:00.
Five furlongs. »ellinjr— Benckart won. Jim
Napp second. Claude Walton third. Time, 1:04.
Seven furlongs, selling— Headley won. Miss
Hudson tecond, Katie Rutherford third. Time.
1:31V4-
One mile, selline— Silver Coin won, Traeedy
second. Kaftan third. Time, l:44^i.
Five furlong:? — School for Scandal won, Mon
arka second. Queen Carnival third. Time, 1:01.
Seven furlongs, selling — Elsie Barnes won.
Castle tecond, MacLaren third. Time, 1:30^4-
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— The Fair Grounds
track was heavy to-day. Results:
Seven furlongs, polling — Gilbert won, Leona G
second. Old Fox third. Time, 1:34M;.
Five furlongs;— Sophie S won. Seething second,
"Western Girl third. Time, 1:07%.
One mile and one-sixteenth, selling — Connie
Lee won, Tlckful second. Trimmer third. Time
1:53H-
Seven furlongs, selling— Miss Loretta won.
Havlland second, Morris Volmer third. Time.
1:33U.
Six furlongs, selling — Judsre Wardell won.
Grantor second. Bonaqua third. Time, 1:1SH-
Seven furlonps. selling— Libble won. La
llascotta second, San Lazarus third. Time, 1:34.
Schrieber's Great Two - Year - Old
Shows None of Her Old-Time
Form and Finishes in
Fifth Place.
x — . —
Crack Memphis Filly Wins
the Lakeside Stakes at
Chicago.
MISS BENNETT
GIVES SOFALA
A BAD BEATING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.
The National Athletic Club has
matched Willie Cole to box Tommy Cox
twenty rounds as a preliminary to the
Neill-Moffatt fight which is to be held on
the evening of July 13 in Mechanics* Pa
vilion. The lads will weigh in at 127
pounds at 6 o'clock on the evening of
their meeting.
Cox is a late arrival from the Antipodes
and comes with a long list of victories to
his credit. He was tried out at the San
Francisco Athletic Club a few weeks ago
and did so well that the managers of the
local club saw, fit to give him a chance of
displaying his mettle in public. Cox is
said to be the champion feather-weight
of Australia. He is powerfully built for
his size and weight and is as shifty as a
kangaroo on his feet. Willie Cole is well
known to local ring-goers. The splendid
AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION
TO BOX IN THIS CITY
fight he put up against Toby Irwln a few
weeks back stamps him as being an op
ponent to be feared by men in his class
To-morrow evening the amateur "slog
gers" will hold sway In the rooms of the
San Francisco Athletic Club. Alec Greg
gains, referee, manager and general util
ity man. has arranged a good card for the
occasion. George Flnnigan will go four
rounds with Joe Hill at 105 pounds; Pat
Dugan will go the same distance with
Jack Hart at 115 pounds; T. Sullivan will
meet J. O'Leary at 115 pounds;. Ed Kinur
and J. Spooner will try conclusions at 12)
pounds; Jack Harrigan and Frank Wall
will battle at 12S pounds; X. Bacigalupl
and J. . Brady .will box at 129 pounds; J
J. Phipps and Gus Salsbury will meet at
140 pounds, and Frank Nlcholls will battle
with Burt Omlnes at 160 pounds.
5
$1*25
Jp^l • $h Wrapper
Ww^tttnT^f^l'l Thi3 fiae heavy
)»W)l(mf/ Percale Wrap^
per « with or
MtMlW \K withont
M\\\ nWi. I'llh ' m « > D °ce, two
& W/////f/i stybsof
km uM// / ill - vokes - three
Jim ?W I , Fhadei of
m^jmwlf 1 \ blne ' also
BilSi ' VW red> plnk and
////iff lUuFvtiJi iHllW teliotrDpe;
with white
n^urc?! si*
size', regularly $1.25 — to-day ns^%
on'y %S9%S
Second Vloor— Front.
Bcrrw
Bowls
very good inn-
tation of Cut Glass, in an unusually
pretty pattern, round or square, 8 inches
across top. suitab'e for ice cream or
berries — very special, today, a*% —
each M^G
Crockery Dept.— Main Floor.
Groceries.
Sauolio— to-day 4bsrs 25c
Picnic Hams— 6 to 8 lbs., Fweet
and lean, to-da/, per lb 1Oo
Bacon— Armour's Sliced Bacon. 1-lb
flat tins, to-dav, tins 18c
Mscaroni and Chceso— Vm
Garap'f, 2-lb can, 2 cans for 25c
Gocoanut Taffy Gako — Ameri-
can Bscuit Co.'?, per lb 14-C
Yarmouth Bfoatcrs-Grosse &
B 2ckweli's, regularly 5Cc tin, to-riav..
34C
Cheese — Best Eastern, full Cretin,
lb 2Oc
Shrimp Paste — Crosse & Black-
weHV, jar. to-day 15c
Coffee — Our high-grade Golden Rule
blend, lb 3Oc
31 ibs for $3,00
Main Floor— Rear.
Lfquor Specials*
Bourbon Whiskey— (Kentucky
Beile\ to-dsy, bottle 53 G
Sautorne — 5 years old, a ch^'ce
cinner wine; gallon, to-day 53o
Port or Sherry — 6 years old, toe
regular $1.60 quality; to-day, gallon...
$1.17
Erandy — 5 year3 o'.d, strictly pure, a
good article; tc-doy, iza.V.on....$2mt5
Main Floor— Rear.
Speciat Sale To - da y on 'y — 5°*
am Colored Dress Goods
BJreSS for 3 Sc. All -Woo!
Goods* Serg ? l n aI1 * ot the
w(v«#ms>« standard and new
coloring*; all-wool drea? PhiJs ia htest
color combinations of gray3, brown*. t3ns,
etc; and all-wool Cheviot Strip's in good
coor assortment; our regular splen- ««
did vatae 50c dres? goods — to-day.. JoC
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
""" - : ¦ " "'¦'' • r "-'" '"** . . ' » . «
• M
Tumblers j.
33c dozen* | d
330 dozen; the glasses, nice \ ty
smooth top; can be used y-y-y^^- -
for water tnmberi; bright «*±^3*
tin covers — on spacial sale to-day, at the
astonishing • .*%«*
price .: per dozen 33 o
Crockery Dept.— Main Floor.
BaClf A litt'e lot (300 only) Shell
Empire. B.»ck Combi, as-
COntbS 3orted; styles in very newest
4£* patterns, regularly 25c
Mi9Gm each — on sale to- _
day §5C
{RrrWik 75c Gyclo-
rfrafcqffl meters 33c*
| jfoW.H LJy Bard'ck Bicycle Cyclome-
11 " tera. 10,000 mi es and
repeat, <hnt and water-
Vk rroof, accurate distance
measures, weigh on'y
® "°™2!"?Z33c
Second Flocr.
Undermuslin
Specials,
Two sty'es of _^~ — ; ?~t>> > .
fine Mu3lin, /'^i^ \tl IU
Embro i d e r y Ar^K\X^-^
floarc», under- Ay^j^l^^f^ %n
fLun:e and ffJj "pFphffiforffijK
dust roffl35>, %WfifU2\^j££±*rjX^
fin>t class ijMilp|M
every wjy ani MjfpV. /» ¦ '/J //! ¦ j r\\ y\f£
awiva $1.75, v*6d4^K&3^J^S^
special to-djy
$1,00
Children's Wash 'Dresses, for age a 1 to 5
years, all sty'e3 — ginghams, percales and
chambrays— h. 3/ f-priCQ to-day on'y.
$1X0 Dre;"scs..50o $1.50 Dresses.. 75c
$2.03 D.-e3ses $1.QO
Second Floor— Xear Elevator.
Special Safe soo fui». heavy,
fines soft aad silk 7
rtU&S pioss pined
&UShtOnSm Cushions, cov.
ced is brown
or g r a 8 9 .
purposes ham- f|^' :> ••^'^//
micks, e t c, = ~*^S«^
withont re- O^y^*^?.--.
covering; on >^p^>- fj^
scechl sale to-
day —
16-inch 2Cc Cu3hion3^or IBo
18-inch 30c Cushions for 22\o
20-inch 4?c CuihJons for 300
2?-i4ch oCc Casbion3 for 37\O
24-fnch 60c Cushions for 45O
£6 inch 75c Cu-hions for... .......... .69©
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
Special Safe Style, service and
VJ/53«-ri economy — 1S50
uvcastn yarj3 fia3 Wa , h
rSitrtGSm Good3. aa exquis-
ite", y printed, rais-
ed thread fabric in figures and stripes,
ard mostly in the rich coloring* of this
season's Fou!ard3. A new lot of 29c gooii
received nnch later than contracted for;
on special sale to-day, per yard... —^^
MjSC
Sales Tables— Main AlsJe.
IVIillinery Specials.
Birgain Hits for va-
# cation time — to-day :
$1.5} Trimzasd Shids
Hat, to-rfay~.45o
$2.00 Walking Hats,
trimmed with frin?-
ed scarf 69o
$3.00 "WTalkins Hats,
trimmed with vel-
vet, gilt buc&le and
(piiAz. .......... Q3 G
>rv__. i $1.00 Jumbo Sailors
£g|§§j^ for 500
tl*-* v^f" 1^* $3.COFino Milan Snil-
or3 for $2.30
$18.C0 Fine Trimmed Hats for.. $7*35
Second Flocr.
Japanese We *™ i**
Photos 23c. 2S^?T,
beautifulk colorei Japanese Photos,
size 11x14 inches, artistically mounted
on red and green mounts, show 2j-inch
border, photos that are regular- o
)y 5Cc each, special to-djy X9G
Picture Dept.— Second Floor.
Tra^f All-Linen Tray Cloths,
!T*f<n4fa*s moin ie linen, with drawn-
***OmnS work corners, stamped in
f3Cm ora ' or conTOntiona! <} e .
sign?, siza 18x26 inches,
excellent va'ns at 23c each, 240 « 9
only on sale to-day at- i^C
The big store's Special Fireworks Department is now open at 924 and 926 Market street,
under the Baldwin Annex, opposite Tho Emporium* All kind3 of Fireworks?, Pistols, Cannon,
assortments for home display, Flags, Bunting, etc.
"Slutt-
gzrter"
Sanitary
Under wear*
Entire stock of La-
dles' and Chlldren"s
at one-quarter oft.
See Our Thursday Advertisement.
P &&&d&m H&EaBe fiazaar. 1
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Books for
Vacation
Reading*
300 choice titles by
famous authors.
25c books. 10c
each.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
)8C8v8«8»@»8v6C8»cC93 w w QCoCKcCKKcCcwClvfil wvCWvScSyiWicQvw f*.Q>*f*iJijyj}J$*$*}*JjQ
Disorders of Hen J
y*"" \ STRICTLY RELIABLE. , §
wii i Til? **
i jS TALCOTT
yjV^S. /^1\ V ARICOCE1 ' E CUBED TS OXB S
jf I XL ><X y/A \>^ * w «fr »t office or four weeks* hom» C&
I AV?>S!S&Z7/L/JI \ VV^S^ treatment without operation. • 8
1/ I liNfcSS^-*^*^/ 1 \^-3\ Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and S
// y li >»f// II every form of "Weakness" a specialty. Q
T»ifci II Tv I // vv We cake a tpecialty of case* wnlch Q
(l--' I 1 \&J II \\ have become chronic and complicated «
\\ I \ Jff\ 1 1 Jf Ircm regiect or improper treatment. IS
U I 'I // N0T a " Weakness " M ' I
U I / an Inflammation. $
By far th« most freonent cause of so-called "weakness" of men Is chronic ln« V
flammatlon of the Prostate Gland. This gland Is the very center of th* reproductive sy»- «.
tem. It can readily be understood that Inflammation of any organ will cause disordered «
function of that orcan. A remedy that would euro a real weakness would make an m
inflammation worse. Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men who bar* Q
unsuccessfully treated for weakness will now know tne cause of failure. Our practice Q
is devoted to this condition, together with contracted ailments. n
The only specialist* In San Franctaco with a thoroughly equipped hospital, trained Q
ntir»e». etc.. In connection, for the. accommodation of out-of-town patients and others g
wishing to remain during treatment. R
Fees reasonable and may be paid in installments u patient sees hi* Improvnaeat. w
Private laboratory. No charge for remedies. »
__ Full Information cheerfully mailed tn plain envelope. «
jj Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m., Sundays included. q
MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street |The racetrack began the local career of a young
soldier visitor not long ago, and a determined effort
at suicide has closed it. San .Franciscans are fa
miliar with such causes and effects.
After the bubonic scare there ought to be a general
clean-up, including: the Board of Health, the Federal
cuarantine office and Chinatown.
Dr. Kinyoun, the discredited quarantine officer, in
sists that he is not responsible for the mistakes of
transportation companies. He probably, thinks that
he has more than a load to carry in his own multi
tude of offenses and he is probably right. -
The lecturer who has reached a very firm convic
tion, after an association of a few ¦ weeks, that San
Francisco . society is superlatively bad, ought to be
able to tell something interesting of the character of
the company he has kept since he came among us.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
The Maid— Oh, what a grand thing !r
must be when husband and wife are of
one mind!
The Wife— Well, that depends a great
deal on whose mind It is. — Chicago News.
Customer— Is there any difference be
tween this year's styles of saddle and
those of last year?
Bicycle Dealer— Oh, yes. Last year there
were thirty-seven -styles. This year 1
think there are only thirty-three.—Chi
cago Tribune. : . :?:* v
She — Papa says if we get married " he'll
pay half the expenses of furnishing.
He— Well, what about the other half?—
Life.
Mayme (disconsolately) — My Increase In
salary hasn't done me a bit of good.
Marie— Dear me. Why hasn't it?
Mayme (mere disconsolately) — It has
just made my wants increase. — Life.
V When the dentist finally took the rub
ber dam out of his mouth the patient re
marked that he had only on© comment. to
make.
"And what is that?" asked the dentist.
"The name of r that thing should be re
versed."—Chicago Post.
J QUITE DECOROUS.
Mistress— I' saw two policemen sitting
in the kitchen with you last night,
Bridget. ... . ' :
Bridget — Well.Mna'am, yez Wouldn't hev
an unmarried lady be sittin* with only
wan policeman, would yez? The other
man wuz a chaperon.— Tid-Bits.
THE JOYS OF ANTICIPATION.
Said Mrs. Gadabout, who had come to
spend the day, to, little Edith:
"Are you glad to see me again, Edith?*'
"Yes-rn'm, and mama's glad, too," re
plied the child.
"Is she?" •<
"Yea. m'm. She said she hoped you'd
come to-day and have it over wlth."-^
Collier's Weekly.
PRACTICAL EXPANSION.
China's new railroad from Canton to
Hankow, which, with Its branches, will b»
1000 miles long, is to be built entirely by
; American capital.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ADDRESS— M. M., City. In the word
"address" the accent is on the second syl
lable.
THE PITCAIRN-E. T.. City." The ac
count of the recent trouble on board the
brig ritcalrn appeared in The Call of Sun
day. May 13, 1900. page 19.
THE LUELLA-L. M. C. City. Nothing
has been heard of the Luella since she
left here for Nome May 15. There has
not been any report that she was lost.
A PROMISSORY NOTE— Reader, Banta
Ana, Cal. A promissory note executed
by man and wife does not require to be
witnessed nor does It require to bear the
seal of a notary public.
TIDES AT NOME-S. L. G., Stockton.
Cal. The tides at Cape Nome rfse 3.5 feet
above the plane of reference and they fall
half a foot below that. Sometimes the
tides rise to 4.10 feet. Winds in summer
are usually light, but during September
and October gales of great violence some
times occur.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR AND GRAND
ARMY— J. D.. City. The triennial conclave
of the Knights Templar opened in San
Francisco August 30, 1S83. and the Grand
Encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic, in the samo city, opened Au
»ii i^t 3, XSSo.
A CALIFORNIA TWENTY-C., Bo
dega, Cal. The coin of which a descrip
tion.is furnished Is a twenty-dollar piece,
one of many such issued In San Francisco
by private mints prior to the establish
pent of the United States Branch Mint
J n }§&?£ Ti \? °, ne In question was Issued
in 1&>3 by the United States Assay Office
Dealers who have such for sale offer them
at prices varying from J2S 50 to $34 50, ac
cording, to state of preservation.
AN ESCORT-M. C. E.. City. It Is per
fectly proper for a young lady to go to a
party with her sister in the absence of a
gentleman escort. If after attending the
party the hostess offers a eentleman m
cort it would be rud 9 for the sister not"o
accept. If it is the first time that the
ladies meet the gentleman they need not
Invite him to call on them at their house.
A prudent young lady will always ascer
tain all about a gentleman she has met
ner cSnin^isV™ »*™ P^lng W^
PATENT LEATHER SHOES— M. M
City. It is said that a paste made of wax
melted with a little olive oil. lard and oil
of .n turpentine ' thoroughly Incorporated
will preserve patent leather ' from crack-'
.to*. and preserve its gloss. The wax* oil
CALIF0RNIANS IN> NEW Y0BK.
NEW YORK, June 26.— Henry. Ulien
kamp of San Francisco is at the St.
Denis. ?$SMi
THE CHINATOWN PROBLEM.
QUARANTINE irritations no longer trouble
us, Kinyounism has been suppressed for a
time at least, and the bubonic Board of
Health has taken to cover. We may drop each and
aJl of them from further discussion if we choose, but
we should not drop the memory of the lesson the
quarantine has taught It was the unsanitary condi
tion of Chinatown that gave to the Board of Health
and to Kjnyoun the opportunity to make their at
tacks upon the city, and so ldng as Chinatown re
mains in such condition we will not be safe from a
repetition of the offense. The cleaning of China
town has. in fact, become an emergency measure,
and should be undertaken at once.
We have already pointed out the duty of the Grand
Jury to investigate the extent to which the health
ordinances of the city have been violated by the
pwr.ers of property in the Chinese quarter. It is not
like!y the jury' will neglect the opportunity for ren
dering an important service to the community. The
one danger is that there may be a strong opposition
to whatever is done in the direction of reform, and
that the opposition may endeavor to force a com
promise in the way of a consent on the part of the
authorities to a partial obedience to the sanitary or
dinances, instead of having them enforced in the Chi
nese quarter as rigidly as in any other part of th
city.
It goes without argument that no compromise
should be accepted. Every ordinance of the city
should be enforced on Chinatown as strictly as else
where- In no other section is a strict adherence to
sanitary regulations so important as in that locality,
for it is there that there is most danger of disease
and pestilence. The property-owners of Chinatown
are among the richest men in San Francisco. They
can well afford to put their buildings in order and
obey the laws. They should be compelled to do so.
The bubonic hoard has neglected to enforce the health
ordinances. Let the Grand Jury get to work.
DISPATCHES from Shanghai announce that
the forces of the so-called insurgents in Chinu
are under command of Prince Tuan and
that on the .morning of June 21 he attacked the for
eign settlement at Tientsin "with artillery and the
best foreign drilled troops." We have here an illus
tration of what comes of drilling Chinese in the
methods and arms of civilization and of what they
can do when so trained.
When the British and the French invaded Chin.i in
the last generation they met scarcely any resistance
on the march. Even when the Japanese but a few
years ago attacked China they found it easy to defeat
any force the Chinese brought against them. Now a
considerable force of Americans, British, French,
Russians and Japanese has been held at bay for weeks
by a force that represents nothing "more than an in
surrection in China and the reason for it is that the
Chinese this time not only have artillery, but have
it in the hands of foreign-drilled troops.
Of course, the relief of Tientsin will not be long de
layed. In a comparatively short time the allied
armies will scatter the forces of Prince Tuan and
march to Peking and there dictate such terms of peace
as their rivalries will enable them to decide upon.
There are not enough foreign-drilled Chinese to make
a long resistance, nor enough of arms and munitions
to enable them to make a persistent fight when once
the capital is taken. The fact remains, however, that
the foreign drilling has made them no mean foe and
that civilization has a new factor to reckon with in
the Chinese problem.
It will be remembered that after the success
achieved by Chinese Gordon had illustrated what can
be done by Chinese when led and trained by Euro
peans, the British formed a body of Chinese troops
for the protection of their posts in China, and two
years ago when they took possession of Wei-Hai-Wei
they organized a regiment of Chino-British troops
and drilled it for police duty. Not long ago an
opportunity was offered for testing the value of the
regiment. A huge mob of Chinese attacked a num
*ber of British officers who were surveying and mark
ing the boundaries of the British district and for a
time it looked as if there would be something like a
massacre. The trained regiment was called out and
responded with prompt obedience and discipline. It
proved itself capable of dealing with a mob of twenty
times its numbers. It fired upon the mob, dispersed
it and fully protected the district entrusted to its
guardianship.
There was a good deal of congratulation in; the
FOREIGN DRILLED CHINESE.
CALlFORiNIA.
New York Herald.
The Native Sons of the Golden "West
have laid the foundation for the proper
celebration of the golden Jubilee of the
admission of the great State of Califor
nia into the Union of States.— San Fran
cisco Call.
And every State In the Union "will be In
terested in the success of that celebration.
California has a more unique history than
any other section of the country. It began
Its existence with a tidal wave of human
ity, pood, bad and Indifferent. It soon
dropped into chaos and was "confusion
worse confounded." After that there wag
a continuous performance, in which trag
edy predominated. The people were their
own police, Judge, court, jury and execu
tioner. And now, after fifty years, she 13
stately, dignified, prosperous and an or
nament to the solar system. The country
wears California, like Arcturua, "for a
breastpin."
DONNELLY'S HORSE QUESTION
CALIFORNIA Democrats in State convention
adopted a platform this year which is notable
mainly for the fact that it has no silver plank.
New York Democrats adopted a platform declaring
fof the money of Thomas Jefferson. In several other
States similar tactics have been followed and silver
has been either passed without a notice or the free
coinage programme has been dodged. On the other
hand, in many States Democratic conventions have
adopted silver planks so big that forty donkeys can
stand on them, and in nearly all of the States dele
gates to the national convention have been instructed
Such a condition of affairs gives pertinence and
point to the question put by Ignatius Donnelly in his
letter of acceptance of the^nomination for the Vice
Presidency by the stalwart^Populists. In comment
ing upon the absurdity of Populist fusion with Bry
anism and Democracy the Minnesota champion of the
"middle of the road" men and women put to the
voters of the country this query: "If ten horses are
hitched to the front of a cart, and ten horses equally
strong are fastened to the tail end, will not the cart
It will be for the Kansas City convention to give
heed to the horse sense of that question. If Bryan,
free silver and anti-trust be hitched to one end of the
Democratic cart, while Tammany, Jefferson money
and the ice trust be fastened to the tail end, will the
cart move? If it should happen to move, which way
will it move?
The men who framed the .Democratic platform in
this State and put a Hearst plank in place of the silver
plank were doubtless astute men, and no one has ever
called 'Hill and Gorman fools, but the scheme of try
ing to dodge the silver question while nominating
Bryan is but an ostrich wisdom at best. They may
keep free coinage out of the platform to 'be adopted
at Kansas City, but they cannot take it out of Bryan's
record, nor keep it out of his mouth, nor eliminate it
from the minds of the people, nor remove it from the
issues of the campaign.
By hitching a double team to its cart in such a
way that one team pulls from the pole while the other
pulls from the tailboard the Democratic leaders may
fool some people at the start as to the direction in
which the cart is likely to move, but nobody will be
fooled any great length of time. With such pulling
and hauling the old cart will either not move at all
or it will go into the ditch. It is up to Democrats to
answer the shrewd old Populist's horse question.
AFTER THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
SHOULD the Czar of Russia take a notion to
call another peace conference he will not get a
cordial response from any quarter of the globe.
The results of his first effort in that direction are not
encouraging. The conference at The Hague may not
have been a hoodoo, but it certainly was not a mascot,
and nobody is very eager to try another experiment
with the thing.
When the Czar called for the representatives' of the
powers to assemble smoke the peace pipe the
world was in a fairly peaceful condition, and had
been so for many years. It is true there had been a
little, hundred days, one-sided fight between our
selves and Spain, but that had ended to the satisfac
tion of all, and everything was serene. There was
hardly a prospect of battle on the horizon. Even the
good old Turkish war cloud was for a time as dim
as a vanishing mist. The peace conference met and
talked and dined and talked some more. Now look at
the situation. We are fighting the Filipinos, Great
Britain is fighting the Boers and the Ashantis, the
Chinese are fighting everybody, and there is more to
come. France is crowding Morocco, Russia and
Jcpan are lining up for a fight over the possession of
Korea, the United States is getting the war hatchet
ready for Turkey, the Balkan states are growing tur
bulent toward Austria, the Kaiser is equipping a new
naval armament and threatening everything in sight,
and finally the Chinese imbroglio has involved so
many nations that the whole civilized world may be
plunged into the red abyss of slaughter before the
year is over.
Judging by the existing situation it would seem that
peace conferences are like dreams and go by con
traries. Should the Czar desire another conference
it is to be hoped he will call it a war talk, and invite
suggestions as to the advisability of putting all inter
national issues into a pool and fighting them out in a
general scrimmage.
STOCKTON IN HER GLORY.
SEE Stockton and have a halcyon and vociferous
time. That is the programme of the week.
Stockton has held many public festivals and
entertained many a joyous gathering, but never be
fore has she attained to anything like the glory or the
rapt'ure of this occasion. She has painted herself to
the glow of cherry red. blended with the freshness of
apple green, and for every one who visits her while
the festival lasts there will be a democratic welcome to
a roval time.
There are reasons for a good deal of gratification
in the revival this year of the festival spirit of the peo
ple. We have had this spring a succession of "street
fairs," as they are called, which impressively attest
the abounding prosperity of the people of every sec
tion of the State, and the sense of joyous satisfaction
which is felt in it. There is no reflection upon the
preceding fairs in saying that the one now in progress
in Stockton surpasses them all, for Californian enter
prise is such that whoever speaks last or acts last —
tells the last story or arranges the last show — always
sees his predecessor and goes a little bit better. Stock
ton has had the advantage of noting what were the
most successful features at the festivals elsewhere and
has known how to profit by it. Within her streets,
therefore, is to be seen just nefw the best that Califor
nia can do in the way of open air decorations, enter
tainments and frolics.
All San Franciscans who can afford to share in the
fair should do so. It will furnish as pleasant a holi
day as is likely to be obtained anywhere this sum
mer. Cherry red and apple green make a very allur
ing combination, and it is safe to say Stockton will
live up to everything that is suggested by so gor
geous a combination of fruity colors.
THE GEOGRAPHY QUESTION
IS NOT VITAL.
Sacramento Bee.
The Philadelphia North American tele
graphed on Thursday to the editors of the
various prominent newspapers throughout
the United States as to the "logical" run
ning mate for Bryan in view of the nomi
nation of Theodore Koosevelt for Vice
President by the Republican party.
According to a dispatch from Philadel
phia the tabulated answers * show a de
cided preference for David B. Hill, while
William R. Hearst comes in as next
choice.
The running mate for Bryan should be
a man in whom the people have confi
dence. He should be a man like Bryan,
full of principle, with the courage of his
convictions— a man believing in the essen
tial doctrines which Bryan has so gal
lantly championed.
Because Koosevelt hails from New-
York is no reason why only a New Yorker
need apply to make the race with Bryan.
Geographical considerations have an un
due weight before conventions, but they
are powerless as an argument ¦with the
masses, unless to the largely fictitious ad
vantage of latitude and longitude is added
strength of character and devotion to
principle on fho part of the candidate, and
a trust reposed in him "by the people.
It would add no strength to Bryan to
put a New Yorker on the ticket with him,
if that New Yorker is to be either a man
who is not now and never was a crusader
for Bryan principles, out rather an en
emy thereto, or a man who, with all the
work of his papers, could not make him
self acceptable to the voters either in
Now York or the West.
The Bee believes that no stronger can
didate for Vice President could be found
than ex-Senator Stephen M. White of
California. He is a man of great force of
character, of marvelous mentality, really
one of the strongest factors we have In
a nation of strong men. His Integrity has
never been questioned, and his influence
over the people is" as familiar as household
words.
D. S. Fish, a rancher of Lemoore, la
staying at the Grand.
Thomas W. Pemberton. a horseman of
Phoenix, Ariz., is at the Lick.
Guy A. Buell, the lumberman, of Stock
ton, is a guest at the Grand.
E. J. Rule, a prominent merchant of
Sonora, is registered at the Lick.
B. Dickinson, proprietor of Rowarden
nan, Ben Lomcnd, is at the Grand.
George G. Towle, a well-known capital
ist of Towle, is a guest at the Grand.
A. Lawrence Phillips, a capitalist of
New York, Is stopping at the Palace.
Thomas D. Petch, a prominent dealer in
paints and oils at Eureka, is registered at
the Grand.
H. A. Jastro, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Kern County, is a guest at
the Grand.
C. O. Davidson of Butte, Mont., where
he controls big mining interests, is regis
tered at the Palace.
George Pach, a well-known merchant of
New York City, accompanied by his wife
and family, is staying at the Palace.
Dr. R, W. Hill, a member of the State
Board of Health and a prominent phy
sician of Los Angeles, is registered at the
Palace. ,
Dr. A. S. Polhemus, United States army,
en route to the 'Philippines with the Sixth
United States Cavalry, is staying at the
Occidental.
Hon. Howard Ferris, well known to the
legal profession throughout the country
and especially in the East as the Judge
of the Probate Court of Cincinnati, Ohio,
and president of the Probate Judges' As
sociation of Ohio, together with his wife,
son and daughter, arrived in San Fran
cisco from Los Angeles Tuesday morn
ing. Judge Ferris and his family are
registered at the Hotel St. Nicholas. They
will remain for several .dEty 3 i during
which time they will visit all points of In
terest in San Francisco and vicinity.
George Alfred Gohen has special charge
of their itinerary while here. Judge
Ferris has occupied his position upon the
Probate bench of Cincinnati for the past
twelve years, having served four suc
cessive terms of three years each. His
decisions have always been looked upon
by the legal fraternity as of special
weight and in Ohio courts are accepted
as authority. He has written numerous
legal works, among which Is the well
known "Practice and Procedure in the
Probate ' Courts," quoted daily in the
courts of all States. Judge Ferris is a
warm personal friend of President Mc-
Kinley, for whom he predicts another
term in the Presidential chair.
PERSONAL MENTION.
and lard should be mixed first and then
the oil of turpentine added while hot.
away from the fire. This department givea
this for what it is worth, not having had
occasion to test Its merits.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES LECTURES
— P G., City. The lectures at the Acade
my of Sciences are free. They are given
on the first and third Monday of each
month, except in the months of June, July
and August, when but one lecture is deliv
ered.
A SOLDIER'S CRIME— A.. City. If a
man enlists In the army of the United
States, represents at the time. that he ia
single, but Is in fact married, should that
fact become known to the military author
ities, the- Individual would be adjudsrptl
gxiilty of a crime which carries with it the
penalty of dishonorable discharge from
the service.
COLLEGE OF LAW— K. F.. City. The
Hastings College of Law Is not open at
night. The sessions are held In the fore
noon and the afternoon between the 1st
of September and the 1st cf June. The
cost Is $10 per term to cover incidental ex
penses. There is no "college in San Fran
cisco absolutely free, where one may ob
tain an elementary knowledge of the law."
IRISH FOR ThiE TRANSVAAL.
AN Irish correspondent of the London Chronicle
contributes to that paper an elaborate study of
Irish emigration, and suggests that the British
Government should by liberal aid to the emigrants
direct it for some time to come to the Transvaal.
His argument is that by so doing the Government
would gain for the empire a double good — first, it
would retain in the empire thousands of Irish people
who would otherwise come to the United States; and,
second, plant in South Africa a prolific race loyal to
the empire to counteract the Dutch element' which is
now predominant there.
The writer says that the' Irish who come to the
United States become enemies of Great Britain, while
those who emigrate to Canada, Australia or any other
part of the empire grow to be loyal, and he adds:
"Yet at this moment 35,000 Irish leave their country
every year to strengthen the hostile, element in an
alien land, and only 5000 depart to strengthen the
British empire at its extremities. The process has
been going on all these years without the least at
tempt being made by English politicians to arrest the
current or turn it into a new direction. A favorable
opportunity now presents itself for repairing this
omission, and for offering to Ireland an outlet that
will be gratifying to her pride as giving her a special
mission in the life of the empire, and that will grad
ually divert the flow of emigration from America to
a different sphere."
There is need for a good many loyal British sub
jects in South Africa, if the liberty loving Boers are
tc be kept in order without expense to the empire,
for the Dutch population breeds rapidly and at the
present time far outnumbers the people of British
races residing in the country. There is but one rem
edy, says the writer: "That is the free conveyance of
5000 Irish families to the soil of the two republics,
the assignment of lands on the same principles as in
other colonies, and the grant of seeds, implements,
etc., on the security of the lands, subject to the con
dition that the settlers will be released from repay
ment on bringing them under cultivation within a rea
sonable period. In this way a population of between
twenty-five and thirty thousand souls, considerably
less than a year's emigration from Ireland, could be
obtained at once as the basis of a colony identified in
a specially honorable and striking degree with the
name of the sister island."
The proposition sounds well, but there is many a
well sounding plan that turns out different from
expectation. It is quite possible that when the Irish
emigrants and the Boers have made friends and inter
married there might arise a combination among them
to strike once for liberty and thus bring about the
Irish republic of the United States of South Africa.
WEDNESDAY JUNE 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communica'ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE IZjJ^l^Jt^^^S^LS!^
rCnLICATiaX^OFFICE..Mnrliet and Third. S. F.
Telephone I'rens 201.
CDITOIUAL ROOMS.... 217 to 221 Stev«n«on St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
Delivered hy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per \Veelc
"V «¦« Slncle Cople«, S Cent*.
Terms by Mail. Including Poatasei
DArLT CALL (Including Sur.dar). one year W-W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). « months J-W
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). < months I-W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «£>
HCNDAY CALL On* Year J-*J
WEEKLY CALL One Year L0 °
All postmasters are antlioriaed to receive
sabscrf ptlons.
6aas)« ccple« will be forwarded when requested.
Ma!! subscribers in ordering charge of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
V X liXA \D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS. '
Mantger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
S(Lon« Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: f
Kfcennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Ucuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D - . C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
j British papers at the time over that proof of the fit
! ness of Chinese for military duties. It is not likely
"there will be so much congratulation now. It is
probable that among the foreign-drilled troops that
under Prince Tuan are threatening Tientsin and baf
fling the advance of the relief force there may be some
of the men whom the British trained for military duty
and whom they thought they could count on to fight
for Great Britain in any, emergency.
It is, however, a matter of little moment whether
among the Boxers there be any deserters from the
British-Chinese regiments or not. The significant
feature of the situation is that the Chinese can learn
the arts of war as well as the arts of industry and can
make use of them when roused to fanatic rage against
foreign devils. There are now very few foreign
drilled troops in the Chinese army and not many
armed with better weapons than the bow and the
spear, but the number is increasing and with the in
crease there come dangers for the conquering na
tions. We have seen what came from the awakening
of Japan and may infer what would come from the
awakening, of China, for 'China has ten times the
strength of Japan, and while she has been often over
run,* she has never .failed to engulf and absorb the con
quering race.
BRYAN BREAKS LOOSE.
WHEN Bryan was fishing in the wilds of Wis
consin a report was sent out to the effect that
his managers had arranged a programme of
campaign which did not include Bryan's presence on
the stump. It was said that after his nomination he
would go home and stay there until after election
day, and there would be no repetition of the speech
making tour of 1896.
The report was well received by the public. The
people wished it to be true, and were therefore pre
disposed to believe it. Many reasons were given to
confirm it. In the first place Bryan has canvassed the
country so extensively and so persistently during the
past four years that he has nothing to gain by making
another tour. He is as well known as he will ever be,
and it would be better for him were he less known.
Then it is remembered that in 1896 he lost the States
where he made speeches and carried only those hi
which he did not speak. Finally it is now evident
that Hil!, Gorman and Democrats of that type are
going to make an effort to regain control of the party,
and should they succeed it would be an essential part
of the campaign to keep Bryan as silent as possible
from start to finish.
All of these reasons tended to a belief that the re
port was true, and there was a general feeling of re
lief. Bryan is one of those persons of whom a little
is enough, and the public has had a great deal of him.
Another season of his harangues will be decidedly
too much. Notwithstanding the fact that his retire
ment from the stump would help the Democratic
party, the Republicans were willing it should occur
for the sake of the relief it would give the country.
All of these fair expectations, however, are blighted.
Bryan has returned from his fishing tour and has an
nounced in his first interview that he will make his
own campaign plans, that he will have no managers,
and that if he think it best to take the stump he will
do so.
Now that the report has been upset we can see on
what a flimsy basis it rested. It is true that Bryan's
retirement from the stump would be reasonable and
wise, and yet it should have been recognized that just
because there are good reasons for it Bryan would
take the other course. As soon as the campaign
warms up and the people begin to gather in large
assemblies to listen to orators Bryan will take to
talking as a duck takes to water. He could no more
hold his tongue than he could hold a wild colt by the
tail. Even when he was in the army for a few short
weeks he was in dire distress because he could not
make a speech every time his regiment paraded. He
will be on the stump. It will be Hill and Gorman
who will have to go home and stay there while the
campaign rages.
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.
t THIS BOX(H)ER MOVEMENT IS ALL RIGHT IF IT'S CARRIED FAR ENOUGH.
T —Minneapolis Journal.
6
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Mendenhail— TUis day. Horses, et 11Z2 Market
street.
TO THE
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....19OO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
BEV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HKHH2TS0N,
¦ Cambridge, Mass.
ELIZABETH STUART FHEZfS,
Boston.
P. HOPKTNSON SMITH,
New Torlc City.
HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFTOBDi
"Washington. T>. C.
YRAITK A. VAMDEBLTP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
O. ETA1TI.EY TT*TT. t LI^D.,
« President Clark University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS E. GATES,
\ Harvard University.
PROFESSOR JAMES P. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Haverford College.
JZSSE MACT, T.f.y-
Iowa College.
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, LTTT. IX,
Cambridge. Mass.
0. P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MARGARET AXNSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PROFESSOR G. R. CARPENTER
Columbia University.
REV. LYMAN P. POWELL,
Author of American Historic To-wtx
Series.
JAMES A. WOODBURN, Ph. D,
Indiana University.
WILLIAM HOTJ3TO2T, M. A,,
MacMaster University. Toronto.
GEORGE .M. WRONG, M. A.,
University of Toronto.
CHARLES H- SMITH, LL. D.,
Tale University.
PAUL C. FREER, Ph. D., M. D.,
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. T00KER, M. D. f
Chicago.
OSCAR H. ALLIS, M. !>.,
Philadelphia.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript.'*
ARTHUR HOEBER,
Art Cdltor New York "Commercial
Advertiser."
And otbers wrjose names eppaar
irj connection with the programme
of studies.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press CUppinsr Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. - «-•;?
Cal. firlace fruit 50c per Ib at Townwnd's.*
Grand Opera -hause — Benefit for -widow and orphans of
James E. Sweeney. Friday afternoon. June 2S.
Grand Opera-house— "Children cf the Ghetto," Monday,
July 2.
Columbia— "Miss Hobbs."
California— "A Milk Wfcite Flag."
Tlvoli— "The Geisha."
Alc&rar — "Saphb."
Oroheum — Vaudeville.
Olj-ripia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo fend Tueater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— "The Huguenots."
Eutro Baths — Open nlshts.
AMUSEMENTS.Forged a Postal Order.
WJlber P. Cripes. a soldier of the Sixth
Cavalry, was arrested immediately upon
his arrival in this city yesterday and
charged with having violated postal laws.
It is alleged that Cripes forged the name
of William Cripes. another soldier, to a
$30 postal order while in Colorado. The
prisoner was locked up in the Broadway
jail and will be taken East to-day.
Judge W. H. Levy's Will.
The will of the late Jt:dse natter H
Levy was filed for probate Monday. De
cedent bequeaths his entire estate, which
consists of personal property of unknown
value, to his widow. Bella Levy. In h'.a
will the deceased states that he makes no
provision for his children. Walter H. Jr.
and Annette, as he has full confidence
that Mrs. Levy will do so. Joseph Green
berg, who presented the' will for probat«,
is named as cf editor.
A case of no small interest to Justices
of the Peace all over the State has been
brought before the Supreme Court. Last
year the North Pasadena sanitary dis
trict passed an ordinance prohibiting .the
sale of intoxicating liquor in the district
without a liquor license. H. C. Werner
was arrested and convicted for violating
the order and was sentenced to imprison
ment. No denial was made that he sold
the liquor, but he denied that the Justice
of the Peace had authority or that the al
leged Justice Court has Jurisdiction to try
such a case. Also that the district was
not legally organized under the laws of
the State, and, further, that the law un
der which he was charged and convicted
is unconstitutional and void. Werner ap
plied to the Supreme Court for a writ of
habeas corpus, which, was granted and
made returnable to-morrow, afternoon.
Claims the Law Is Invalid.
Mrs. Mattie S. Rickard Owes Credi
tors of People's Home a Con
siderable Fortune.
Mrs. Mattie S. Rickard "(nee Spencer)
has been adjudged by Judge Bahrs. re
sponsible for $43,333 33 liability as a share
holder of the defunct People's Home Sav
ings Bank. The bank recently sued Mrs.
Rickard to recover the sum named, but
as a defense she alleged that she trans
ferred her interest in the bank to her
husband. S. J. Rickard, in November of
1S93. Rickard is insolvent, the judgment
states.
Judge Bahrs refuses to recognize ' the
transfer of the stock on the ground that
it was not proved, and he also refuses
to entertain the assertion that Mrs. Rick
ard arted as a. trustee of Dr. McDonald
and held th# stock in that capacity. Mrs.
Rickard will appeal from the judgment
of the -Superior Court.
HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR
HEAVY BANK LIABILITY
The friends and members of Golden
Gate Council No. 24. Young Men*9 Insti
tute, will celebrate the Fourth of July by
a gTand excursion and picnic to Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. The com
mittee of arrangements consists of the
following members: Charles Healy. chair
man: D. E. Hayden. J. A. Dunleavy. T. J.
Maron« r ', W. J. Riley, E. C. Miles. A. B.
Hennessey. C. O'Brien. A. Sullivan. J.
Keegan. J. Glennon. W. Sullivan, L. Gul
det, C. Shraeder. J. O'Brien and F. Shill
ing.
Young Men's Institute.
A very favorable and practically open
excursion rate has been made by the
Southern Pacific to encourage traffic from
the bay cities to Stockton pending the
Street Fair in that city. It is S3 for the
round trip, and the tickets will be good on
all regular trains of July 1st, 2d, 3d and
4th, and return may be delayed till July
5th if desired.
On June 30 the same rate will apply,
but not on regular trains. A special train
Is to leave San Francisco at 8 a. m., Oak
land Dier at 8:30 and from Stockton, re
turning, at 8:25 p. m., getting into the city
about midnight.
Will Have the Benefit of
Low Rates From
Bay Cities.
STOCKTON'S
STREET FAIR,
Outlook for Establishment of the In
stitution JRDas Been Improved by
Good Work of Committees.
At a meeting of the Pacific Commercial
Museum members held yesterday reports
were received indicating that the pros
pects of the institution had materially im
proved eince the preceding meeting. In
stead of a shortage of forty members in
the number requisite to establish the mu
seum there are now less than thirty short,
and promises led the chairanan^Isaac Up
ham to estimate that at least l»o members
out of 200 are certain. The various com
mittees reported as follows:
R P. Jennings said he and his associate.
Mr Sussman. had secured the signature
of the American Biscuit Company, and
there were two others who would probably
sign James R. Kelly said he had called
on several bankers. He had no signatures,
but expected to get at least two. J. L.
Taylor reported the signature of the Union
Gas Engine Company. M. H. Cook added
the name of the A. L. Bryan Shoe Com
pany to the swelling membership list.
Then Isaac Upham reported that he, ac
companied by Hugh Craig, had secured
the following as members: California and
Hawaiian Sugar Company. E. J. Bowen.
Pacific Coast Borax Company, \v hittier-
Coburn Company. Yates & Co.. Alexander
& Baldwin. Standar'd Oil Company. Welch
& Co. and the Field Mercantile Company.
Eugene Goodwin reported that the a. E-
Slade Company had signed.
These reports encouraged all present.
There are some committees that did not
report. It was voted to continue the work
of soliciting members and to meet July 10
at 3:30 p. m. at tihe rooms of the San
Francisco Board ofT"rade.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
SECURES NEW MEMBERS
Mrs. Frassr Gets Judgment Against
-Washington-Street Commission
Merchant.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger gave
judgment yesterday for $186 and costs In
favor of Mrs. Rosetta Fraser, a medical
specialist, who sued James Gray of Gray
& Barbieri. Washington street commis
sion merchants, for medical services ren
dered. Gray set up a defense that ho
was to pay Mrs. Fraser only on condi
tion that a" cure of his malady should be
effected by her. There was produced aa
evidence, however, a letter from Dr.
Smale of Colorado Hot Springs to th»
effect that Gray, who suffered from pa
ralysis, waa incurable, but that he had
been greatly benefited by Mrs. Fraser'3
treatment. It was admitted by Gray's
wife that she knew he was incurable, but
allowed Mrs. Fraser to come every day
and treat her husband for two hours.
Judge Groezinger held that the good re
sults of Mrs. Fraser's ministrations were
worth the money.
TREATMENT OF GRAY
WAS WORTH THE MONEY
REMBRANDTS PORTRAIT OF
AN OLD WOMAN.
(In -tho National Gallery.)
new thing in art. even If at first we do not
understand or like it. The newest school
of painting has in it great possibilities. It
is at any rate not safe to say that it may
not yet produce masterpieces worthy to
rank with the greatest of those that we
have been discussing.
KOGER RIORDAN.
New York.
News of two sudden deaths In the In
terior is brought down by the steamer.
Robert Hall of Victoria, of the Klondike
corporation, dropped dead at White Har
bor. Dominick Stofolimo of Pennsyl
vania, a grade foreman, was killed at
White Horse by a falling rock.
SEATTLE. June 26.— The steamer Cot
tage City arrived here to-dav from Skag
uay with $200,000 in dust and drafts and
a number of passengers from Dawson.
The latter left Dawson June 6 and con
firm the reports of the finding of young
Relfe's body near Minto. Among the in
terior passengers are George Avery and
John Anderson, who are said to have
J50.C0O each with them.
Another strike, though of less sensa
tional nature, has been reported at a
point on the beach twenty miles south of
Nome. At this last-named place and
scattered along the beach between Nome
and Topkuk over 100J) men are now at
work. There is little doing at present in
this immediate vicinity, and some of the
new comers, who expected to pick up nug
gets like shells on the seashore, are some
what disappointed. - Work Is proceeding
steadily on most of the claims, but there
Is no excitement Just now except over the
news of the new strikes.
Though the discovery at Topkuk is of
comparatively recent date many have
struck It rich already, and several indi
vidual fortunes, running as high as $25,
000, have been taken out. Parties of two
or three working with ordinary rockers,
It Is said, are taking out $1000 a day. One
little plat of ground, just about big
enough for a good-sized grave, yielded
$15,000 worth of the precious metal. It
lay just at the edge cf the tundra, and
the gold was actually among the grass
and roots. It is reliably estimated that
one stretch of beach 600 feet long by an
average of 90 feet in width has yielded
$475,000 within the past few weeks.
NOME, Alaska. June 8 (via Seattle,
June -26.) — More definite and complete re
turns have lately been received concern-
Ing the beach strike at Topkuk, fifty-live
miles below Nome. There seems no rea
son to doubt that this is one of the great
est strikes ever made in this vicinity and
is as important as the strike at Nome it
self.
Statement That One Stretch of Beach
Six Hundred by Ninety Feet
in Area Yielded
> $475,000.
Much Gold Reported to Have
Been Taken Out at
Topkuk.
STRIKE MADE
AS RICH AS AT
CAPE NOME
e-ipiHE first big disaster in the rush to
! Nome has to be chronicled. The bark
ji Alaska went ashore during a gale
that raged June 5 and 6, and in a.
short time became a total wreck. Several
whalers, revenue cutters and passenger
vessels were in the open roadstead, but
they managed to weather the gale. The
Alaska's anchors dragged, however, and
In a few minutes the old-timer was pound
ing on the beach. Her masts went by the
board on the first impact, and half an
hour later she broke clean in two, and her
600-ton cargo of general merchandise was
strewn along the beach. So heavy was the
surf that not a case of goods was left in
tact, the only thing escaping total destruc
tion being canned salmon, canned meats
and canned fruits.
The Alaska was the second vessel of the
fleet to leave San Francisco for the gold
fields, the brig Pitcairn being the first.
Since the date of her departure nothing
has been heard from her until the news
of the wreck reached the city yesterday.
The strike on the transport wharf has
been settled. The longshoremen. have been
given 40 cents an hour, the same as other
employers are paying.
The British 'ship Crown of India arrived
from Newcastle, England, yesterday. On
March 28 she was caught in a gale and
her foretop-gallant mast carried away.
The steamer Newsboy will not come
back from Nome until the fall. She has
been chartered by the North American
Transportation Company and will connect
with that company's steamers at St. Mi
chael. The Newsboy will run between St.
Michael, Golovin Bay, Cape Nome, Cape
York and Port Clarence.
Captain E. R. Wilson, Chief Engineer
J. Driscoll and John Stange are just back
on the front after three weeks in Lake
County. To hear them tell of bear hunts,
slaughtering wildcats, killing live squir
rels with one shot from a rifle and sup
plying a whole Indian village with trout
caught in Clear Lake is enough to make
the old-time story tellers around Folsom
street wharf turn green with envy.
"Water Front Notes.
H. Lester, J, Back and A. Garrett are
the ostensible owners of the sloop Her
bena, but they never sail in each other's
company any more If possible. There was
a little difference over money matters and
Lester had the best of the argument,
hence the trouble. On Sunday last Lester
decided to take some of his lady friends
out for a sail, and so informed his part
ners. The latter agreed, but later decided
to take the boat out themselves. Lester
smelled a rat and started across the bay
an hour ahead of time, but Back and Gar
rett and three friends were close on his
heels. Just as Lester was about to weigh
anchor the enemy hove in sight and in a
few minutes a free fight was in progress
on the deck of the Herbena. The trouble
was only stopped when four of the com
batants fell overboard. Lester gave up
the yacht and, wet and angry, returned
to the city. The squabble for the pos
session of the yacht will be continued on
July 4, but the chances are that it will
take the courts to settle the dispute.
Yachting Men Quarrel.
The harbor police were kept busy look
ing for a. boiler-maker named Al Lane
yesterday. Sergeant Bunner and Officer
Ferguson visited the British ship Mara
chel.Suchet and the Italian bark Eman
uel Accame. but no tra«e of him could be
found. Lane left his home In Berkeley on
Saturday evening and told his family he
would be home on tho last boat. He vis
ited a number of saloons on the water
front and the last seen of him. according
to a story told by Captain Dunleavy at
the Harbor station, he was going out on
the bay in a rowboat. The only vessels
ready for sea are the Suchet and Accame.
so these vessels were visited by the police,
but Lane is still among the missing. Cap
tain Dunleavy does not place the least
credence in the shanghai story, but thinks
the missing boiler-maker will turn up In
the course of a day or two.
Thought He Was Shanghaied.
As soon as Captain Tuttle of the reve
nue cutter Bear saw the danger of the
crew of the whaler he weighed anchor and
went to the rescue. It was a most dan
gerous venture, as the slightest mishap
would have sent the Bear ashore also. But
the crew was taken off and the Bear rode
out the gale without any damage.
The barkentino Catherine Sudden, that
was caught in the ice and dismasted in the?
same gale, has been towed into Dutch
Harbor by the revenue cutter Corwin. She
has been severely crushed, but the chances
are her cargo will be saved.
The steamer Senator had a couple of her
plates dented by the ice and had to return
to Dutch Harbor for repairs. The steam
er Centennial went ashore at Dutah Har
bor during the gale of June 6, but was got
off without damage.
The Cleveland arrived at Nome on June
3, sailing nine days lator. She was com
pelled, with all the other steamers, to put
out to sea till the gale moderated. She
reports seeing saffc at Nome the Corwin
and her tow, the Catherine Sudden,
Robert Dollar, Aloha, San Bias, Dora,
Albion. Thrasher and Mary D. Hume. At
Dutch Harbor — C. D. Lane, Charles Xel
son, schooner Hera, transport Lawton,
revenue cutter McCulloch, gunboat
Wheeling. Dispatch, revenue cutter Perry,
Homer, Edith, Sunol, Ruby A. Cousins
and Martha Tufts. The other vessels not
reported are supposed to be beating their
way through the Ice to Nome. The first
vessel to come to San Francisco direct
from Nome will be the Alaska Commer
cial Company's Portland, which is due
here next Friday or Saturday.
She carried about seventy-five gold-hunt
ers and a crew of twenty-five men all told.
The passengers were all landed with their
effects soon after the vessel anchored, and
then, as soon as the cargo was discharged,
the vessel was to have gone on a whaling
cruise. Captain B. Cogan was the owner
and master of the bark, and with him
were Captain Lew Williams, formerly of
the whaler Hidalgo, and Captain Green,
formerly of the whaler Alexander. Cogan
and Williams v.ere to have remained at
Nome, while Green was to have taken the
Alaska on her whaling cruise. /
THE OLD WHALING BARK ALASKA, WRECKED ON NOME BEACH.
"Portrait Group." the Gerard Oous. Pleter
de Hooghes, Gabriel Metsus, Gainsbor
ough's "Parish Clerk." Reynolds' "Mra.
Siddons," would have to be considered if
¦we were not obliged to choose between
them and more important works.
It is of interest to trace the develop
ment of the feeling for landscape in thes8
schools, but that has often been done. Tho
great thlnars In landscape painting — light,
air and distance — were discovered by tho
figure painters; the landscaplsts. even
Constable and the Barbizon men. have
cnlv applied these discoveries.
•"l"he Boar Hunt" is one of the most
modern of landscapes. It Is more modern
by far than those of Claude, Poussin and
the Dutchmen; more modern even than
Gainsborough's "Market Cart"; its true
place is with contemporary paintings like
Whistler's and Manet's.
One great name remains— that of Tur
ner. It Is easier to get people to pretend
an admiration— which they « > not feel—
for Turner's •worst work than to make
them appreciate his best. An Idealist with
an extraordinary knowledge of nature and
an extraordinary contempt for sound
methods in art. his work is often marred
by willfulness and cockney bad taste. But
in pure ideal landscape no one has yet
produced anything to hear comparison
with the "Old Temeraire" or with the
"Burial at Sea" of the painter 'Wilkie — by
mingled torchlight and moonlight, with a
phantom rock of Gibraltar In the distance.
It is to be said, too, that Turner's capri
cious playing with light and color has
been a stimulus to Claude Monet In his
more scientific and more hopeful re-
Bearches.
With Turner and Velasquez we are at
the threshold of the modern Impression
istic school. In the too brief review which
we have made we have found ourselves
obliged to pass over accomplished imita
tors to give our attention to men perhaps
at many points their inferiors, but who
were Innovators and progressive. Thl3
should teach, us not to bo hostile to the
PHILIP IV OF SPAIN*. BY VE
LASQUEZ.
On the National Gallery.)
It were to small purpose In a short
paper such as this to speak of th«» llttla
masters of Holland. France and England.
Clouet's "Portrait of a Boy," LeNaln's
definite forms. He might, as has been
said of Whistler, paint "a dark night
with nothing in It. but he preferred to
paint definite objects In their definite re
lations of tone. Hence a fuller represent
ation of reality, which yet is not realistic,
but the result of a more informed ideal
ism.
It is still accounted heresy by some to
say that painting continued to develop
after the decline of the. great Italian
schools; but the proof Is hero In the
"Chapeau de Paille" of Rubens, in the
self portrait and "Portrait of an Old
Ladv in a White Ruff," by Rembrandt,
in the Vandykes, in the "Holy Family'
and the "Infant St. John" of Murillo and
in the two portraits of Philip IV and the
"Boar Hunt," by Velasquez. Especially
in the latter there is a new sense of the
relation of the background to the fig
ures. In Michael Angelo's "Entomb
ment" space Is completely filled by the
figures. The picture is an abstraction
which oppresses almost as much as It im
presses us. In the "Bacchus and Ariadne"
the landscape exists, but it bears no true
relation to the flsrures: the values are
nowhere exact. Even in Rembrandt the
mysterious depth of the background de
pends largely on the objects half seen
through It gloom. But for Velasquez
space, air andilght exist, with or without
GAINSBOROUGH- S MRS. SID
DONS.
(In the National Gallery.)
ed. The "Knight In Armor," attributed to
Giorgione, may not be his, nor the other
pictures assigned to him, "The Garden of
Love," with its youthful couples strolling
or resting in the grass on either side of
a small rivulet, and the "Venus and Adon
is," but these have certainly something of
his spirit, "a high-strung sort of poetry,"
as Pater says, permeating the ordinary or
hackneyed subject. By, his master, Gio
vanni Bellini, we have the portrait of
Doge Loredano: by his fellow-pupil.
Titian, the "Bacchus and Ariadne."
The exuberance of life in this great
painting is very poorly represented in the
well-known engravings of it, which, nev
ertheless, give more than can be put Into
words. Enjoyment of life, but of a quieter
sort, is the main thing embraced in Lotto's
celebrated picture of himself and family.
The motion, pressure and glory of life at
tract us in Tintoretto's "Milky Way" and
Veronese's "Family of Darius Before
Alexander," with its display of splendid
costumes and magnificent architecture.
The National Gallery has no example
! of Leonardo's mastery over line, modeling
1 and expression. The original painting of
the "Virgin of the Rocks" Is undoubtedly
that In the Louvre. But in Luini's "Christ
With Disciples and Doctors of the
Church," formerly attributed to Leonardo,
we have a very good example of the Lom
bard school founded by him. Botticelli's
"Mars and Venus" may give a notion of
the value of line and contour in the Flor
entine school, and his mystical "Nativ
ity," in which angels dance a merry-go
round in the sky above the stable and an
gels and youths are embracing in the fore
ground, is a distinct echo of the middle
ages. The unfinished "Entombment," by
Michael Angelo, a group supreme in com
position, movement and mass. In a gener
alized landscape, vague but impressive, is
one of the few great pictures in the collec
tion. "The Embassadors," by Holbein,
portraits of two unknown noblemen, with
a table covered with charts and documents
between them, may be mentioned here as
a more than adequate example of the con
temporary German school.
There is nothing to show Raphael's
great merits as a composer, though his
"Madonna and Child with St. John and St.
Nicholas of Bari" is one of his best pre
served altar pieces. But if there Is little
cf the Florentine and central Italian
schools at their best, the more attractive
Venetian school, with its glow cf color and
varied textures, is eenerouslv reDresent-
We may now turn to the acknowledged
great masters, and we shall find that with
them too the special purpose determines
the character of the work. They had none
of the pride of our day in being able to do
what, for all we know or care, may not be
worth doing. Art was to them, as to their
precursors, a way to communicate some
thing felt or perceived by them and which
they considered to' be worth the trouble.
As skill in representation advanced a more
rational symbolism replaced the arbitrary
one derived from, the Byzantines, and with
a fuller understanding of nature and of
life "profane" matters were more often
treated. The old subjects were taken up
again and handled with greater power,
and owing to the possession of thit same
power of vivid representation subjects be
fore indifferent or trivial were found
worthy of artistic interpretation.
(Concluded.)
Steamer Senator Damaged in the Ice-Steamer Centennial
Ashore at Dutch Harbor-Catherine Sudden Towed
to Port ,by the Corwin.
F=V\mOLJS ART GALLERIES OF" THE IUORLD
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
THE NATIONAL GALLERY, LONDON.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
VIOLENT STORM WRECKS THE
BARK ALASKA ON NOME BEACH
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
MATTNEB TO-DAY (Wednesday). Juno 17.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Children, !
10c. any part.
A, BILL. BEYOND CRITICISM. i
THE BEST OF THE SEASON.
The Greatest Ccmedy Quartet In America.
The Four COHANS,
Presenting "THE GOVERNOR'S SON."
TODD FAMILY OK ACROBATS, CARRING-
TON, HOLLAND A_NI> GALPIN, i
GILBERT AND GOLDIE.
MUSICAL DALE. SYDNEY DEANE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
— — ____ I
Another Sensational Success! j
A Packed House Last Night Witnessed the '
Revival or the Operatic Gem, (
POSITIVELY EVERT EVENING AND SAT-^
URDAY MATINEE.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
FOURTH and LAST WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
I Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET, In the
F&ecinatins Play.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next "Week— FLORENCE ROBERTS" "CAR-
MEN/*
PTCrjIipDJC CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnC-n O Admission 1O=.
La rt Week of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAR-
TET AND FIG. ABRAMOFF tn Scenes From
-THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL MARTIN.
Soprano, and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats. 25e. Matinee Sunday.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail 3 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
P. H. UERZBACH. lawyer. fiCJ Cal.. Clanla be.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
! T WIT R M NO Battery Street.
J- t- V ILSUil tt KAt; Telephone Main 1861
COPPERSMITH. ~™
T W CMITH Shl P Plumblns, Steamboat and
V- n« O.illU, Ehip Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington tt. Telephone Main 564L
~ ELECTRICAL. ~
D. D. VTASS.
Electrical Engineer. 36 East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IK RflVFS * ffl Shlppln* Butcher*. 1<H
JAj- OUICJ tt tV'Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
Manfacturer and Dealer In Metals and Gal-
vanlzlcu. JOHN FINN METAL WORKS, 315
Howard *t.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth, 2Sc. Robinson Chem. Co., 1163 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
The Union Lltborraph Co., S2S Sansome at..
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Oovern-
! rnent Licensee for Imprinting of Revenue
Stamps.
_____ METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 127-9 First St.. San Francisco.
~~~ OILS. !
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD.* EL-
I LIS, 418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main Ifl9. *
PHINTIM3.
CC BUGflES, m£gg? 8 £ar.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. J
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
23 First et., San Francisco.
STATIONED * AND PRINTER.
Tel Sdff'° PARTRIDGE *" Sffff"*
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL, t^blacS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
HIVER COLLIERIKS. 1» the Best Coal la tb«
market Oiftce and Yards— CO Main utreet.
ntfT" n Dll II Corner Fourth and
Win. IIU ! HL g^i^sii-ia
Valises checked free.
«.»^«*"*5 : ?'Sk5*M.ffi' r '- e ** to a non-ro!scr.ci)»
'^»t&J55j remedy for Oonorrlicca.
%RKsrCCBEI»^SgB Gieet, Spermatorrhoea,
Bf+W, to 1 to 6 4«r»- WMtei, unnatural A\m
EPStiw Gcsr»3ts«<i u chnrgrn, or my iiiflii^niiV"
mK\ net to catetaia. tion, , irritation or ulcer*.
Sp*-4Js'rtTimu oouwgloa. tioD <<f nsoom men-
lrf»1iniFEvAlJ3CK£»lCuCa brane *» Won-Mtrlngent
fe.^aKS-'WTJ.O.Eai »ol«| »> "rawtaU.
V?v;#» ,r - 4 /iTJT or s?nt la plain wrirper,
JTfeii£VT ZtO^ik b> "Press. rrepB.M. iui
<££*£(gbBM^&^g fl.00, or 3 boltlcfc. <ji.7J.
%^QS§^p^» B Circular toot ua "HT'tiafr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
creat Mexican remedy; gives health and
streastb to mxu&I crtans. JJeoot. 223 Market. 1
AH-TJS-rTMT-TgTS.
GiANDOPii^HODSEspiciji
NO MORE SEATS!
STANDING J100M ONLY!
FRIDAY AFTERNOON
JTTXE 25, at 1:30 SHARP.
FOR THE
WIDOW AND_0RPHAN8
JOHN E.
7
The Hero of the Fire Department.
Given by the
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco,
ATTRACTIONS FBOM EVERY THEATER
III THE CITY,
MONSTER MINSTREL FIRST PART,
AND THE BEST BILL. EVER GIVEN.
ADMISSION $1.00.
!j&fj%il!0 HOUSE
WALTER MOROSOO, Manager.
PHONE MAIN t22.
Sale of Ecats Commences TO-MORROW
MORNING.
MONDVT EVENING NEXT. JCX.Y 2.
THE NEW FKAWLEY COMPANY.
In Israel Z&nsrwHI's runoni Play.
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO."
file of R»fits Cotnmenrf« TO-MORROW
MTnln^ fit IV,i Offioo Grand Opera Houm
£r."l Branch Ti<~itPt Office. ErnjyTrium.
HOLIDAY MATINEE JULY 4.
Rrealar Matins Saturday.
EVENING FRICES— Orchestra. 73c: Dress
<~lrel*. L--r; Family ilrdf. ISe: Gallery. 15c
Mat:n»*e Price?— 50c. 25c. 15e. l!>o.
EVERT NIGHT EXCEPT BXTSDA.Y.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
3n Addition to the Regular Matinee Saturday.
Ma.t!r.ees Begin at 2 Sharp.
CHARLES FEOHMAN Present*
HENRYMILLER
SPECIAL "COMPANY.
This TTefk Only. Jerome K. Jerome'g
Brilliant Comedy Success,
"MISS HOBBS"
Noxt Monday— "THE TREE OF KNOWL-
EDGE." Feats ready Thursday.
IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH
Dunne & Rylef fALl-STAR CAST
In HOTT'S Best Satire,
A Milk White Flag
I.AFT 4 N'lGHTS and MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Nisnt, First Production In Saa
Francisco ol HOYT'S Latest Farcical
Success.
•A DAT AND A NIGHT."
SPHCIAL ENGAGEMENT of MIES LOUISE
CU2CXINQ the Famous Scotch Girl. In Her
Ordinal Tart. I
<olyWf7a C £ <?£ r «,n-6N
IT'IE ONLT FP.EH VAUDEVILLE £H0"W
IN THE CITY.
SENORITA AUGUSTA SALViM,
Italy'e Famous Operatic Vocalist.
ANTONIO VARGAS.
The World -Fair.oua Barytone.
GfcORGE TRUMP,
The IlluBtrio'js Hand B«J*ncer.
Le« vre«k of the
ThH DtiCKMANS.
America's Chait.iilr.n Ha* Puncher*.
AND OUR CELEEKATHO STOCK COMPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
MATi.\'i:r: jcvery si:nday.~
CHUTES AN¥z00. E^ E^? a
THE WILSON FAMILY.
v 'iHE ELEvTSIC FOUNTAIN.
TO-MOniWAV NIGHT.
/.2ATEUU LADIES' WHITE-WASH-
ING CONTEST.
Order F'.ets by^JPhcnp, I'ark 23.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
t Open Dally From 7 a. m. to II p. m.
r UathinK from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m. ;
ADMIHP'ON 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Ea-Oilnc. IccluUins ACxaissian, :;c. Children 20c. 1
~_~_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
CCG£C30SGCGe30®0eQ33©©G03GG>0©Qe0GO©SG3Q®Q@<
> "•"•¦¦' ¦'''
\ SPECIAL BARGAINS!
[ 25 dozen SHIRT WAISTS, extra value for ?1, reduced to 5O0
I 22 dozen U2TE11 SKIBTS, reduced from 75c to . . . 3 So
> 5 dozen ASSORTED LINEN". COVERT AND CRASH
¦¦ SKIRTS, reduced from S2, S1.75 and $1.50 to . . .^/ each
j 7 dozen AXFACA SKIRTS, In black, plain and brocaded,
j reduced from S1.75 to ..... qq c
j GHAT CHEVIOT SKIRTS, appliqued, reduced from $6 to
I GREAT REDTTCTTONS IN TAILOR-MADE SUITS AND FEATHER
J BOAS.
5 . 1146 Market Street.
;CCQC0C0QC0032€,tfQC0CG0CaGSeo0Q0QQQ030QQ0C30i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREEJO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigop
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute haa decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting: from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themsel\-es at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the lll# and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute 19 desirous, of reaching that
frreat class of men 'who are unable to
eave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no -fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
<£8>'sS3^h. * w '" guarantee
J|s£ 5 l*££«£\ tbat Ey Kiiti0 7 Curo
./wlfiSsS^^v^'TS ' wIJ1 cure 90 per cent.
£j§lf^^W& 0* e11 * orms of kidney
al? siS?«P many Instances the
«t "SiS* v i«$SSB§p most serious forma of
if F*W^ Brigbt's disease. If
A /*n&M *^ e d lsease * 8 coin '
V. **~35gJ!V/ plicated send a four-
>P<fc^ *P ?^ffS ounce Tlal of urine.
«^©w^^ We wl11 analyze It
*nd advise you frco
Tl 'j J W" what to do.
It an druggets, 2So. ¦ rial. Guide to Health
yj I tr.frti'-ai r.fMco frog 15^ r '' h ,. s ',;:i I '.^ 1 . 1 iv
ttft$3ojj§£&(^ SHAPE
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGINQ PUMPS
t/ng\f*Lt Were iucc«s!ul tt Nom» laat
rtKUUli y*«r. All ethers failed. In opera.
tlon daily. » EUvenaon at. 8. T.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Iipi/CAM Gold dredging pumps, the. only
•IALHjUIi tucceesful pump manufactured.
tfJ1VU Vil C2S 6UU» «t. Baa FrancUco.LIVERPOOL. *
Wheat— , July. Sept.
Opening 6 7Ts 6 9%
Closing 6 5% ' 6 7
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 13 • 22 40
Closing 2100 22 40
Flour-
Opening 2S 35 29 40
Closing 2S 40 29 40
A vailable Grain Supply. A
| NEW YORK. June 26.— Special cable and
Shipping Intelligence.
TO 3AII
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight - 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... - 4 84%
Sterling Cables •••¦• — * «»%.
New York Exchange, sight........ — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic - 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — W 8
Mexican Dollars — «
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 40s, though
there is not a disengaged ship in port, against
a disengaged tonnage this time last year of 30,
000 The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 28.950. against 19,840 tons
last vear and the tonnage on the way to this
port amounts to 201.C0O, against 196,200.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures declin
ed materially. Liverpool spot was also off,
rellers making concessions and buyers with
drawing from the market. _
Chicago opened nervous and Irregular, with
everybody selling. The market declined from
86c to 82%c, partially recovered to 83%c and fell
back to 82%c. The break on Monday waa due
to heavy selling, which had not been expected
under 90c. As the session advanced there was
an undercurrent of strength, and though there
has been great unloading there was a disposi
tion to expect a rally and some purchasing was
The situation in the three damaged States
was reported worse. If ppsslble. There were
light showers of less than 1-10 of an Inch at a
few points in the Northwest. Minneapolis re
ported the weather clear and hot. W Ires from
Fargo reported a total failure and another
stated that from Grand Forks to Devils Lake
not an acre will be cut and that North Dakota
will not harvest her seed. Senator Washburn
of Minnesota, after a personal inspection, says
that the three States will not harvest over 50,
000 fcOO buohels. which is another serious reduc
tion in the estimates. The yield last year was
200.000,000 bushels and 75,000,000 was the estimate
two or three days aco.
The local market was lower on call, with a
decline in outside support. The spot market
was nominal and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling,
nW4 ® im4 CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
22,000 ctls, $1 16%; 14.000,. »V 16%.
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls, tl 17;
4000, ?1 17'/6.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
Ctls, Jl 15%; 72,000, $1 13%; 12,000, U 15%; 22,000,
U 15%. - " ¦
Afternoon Session — December — 34,000 ctls,
$1 14%; 4000, $1 14%; 6000, $1 14%; 10.000, Jl 14.
BARLEY — Still lower prices ruled on and 'of!
call, with a dull market. ¦:> ; Tht . reaction In
wheat is ¦ affecting the situation materially.
Feed, 72%.c for No. . 1 and 65@70o ' for off
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
T U Jlf '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 85^ ihhi 82" 82
August"::::: &6% se% ssu 83^
Ju^ K ?:. 2 ~ 41* 41* 40% 41U
July ............ 41$ 41H 40% 41%
iugust::::: ««. : 42* 41% 42*
July 1 * NO :. 2 " 25% 2S«,4 24% 25%
August .:.:. 26 26 25% 25%
M C! s pork Per barrel- „ £ ,-
September 12 43 12 50 12 37V4 12 47fe
Lard per 100 pounde —
July .'..„. :.. 6S5 6 87V4 6 77V& 6 80
September 7 00 7 C5 6 95 6 97%
October 7 02% 7 02tf 6 97^4 7 00
Short ribs, per ICO pounds—
July ....:..... 7 00 7 02% 6 95 6 9714
September 7 07% 7 15 702% 7 10
Cosh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; Kol 3 spring wheat. 79H@81c; No. 2 red,
S2ffif3c: No. 2 corn. 41%©41%c; No. 2 yellow,
41M.if(41%c; No. 2 oats. 2S^(325%c; No. 2 white,
2S'528y-c; No. 3 white, 20%(g28c; good feeding
barley" 41c; fair to choice malting, 43®i5c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 76; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime
timothy peed, $3 15; mess pork, per barrel,
$11 15@12 30; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 6~Vi@?G 80;
short ribs sides (loose), $G 8037 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6*4^70 ; short clear sides
(boxed). $7 40@7 50; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 23; clover, contract trade, tS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipm'ts.
Flour, barrels 19,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 62.000 3.000
Corn, bushels 510,000 668.000
Oats, bushels • 392,000 329,000
Rye. bushels 8,000
Barley, bushels 23,000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong; creameries, 14!g 1 19c; dair
ies, 13@16M(C. Cheese, Eteady; 8%@9%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, lie
The Napa Con. Quicksilver Mining Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 13c per i
share, payable on July 2.
The New Idria Quicksilver Mining Company
I has declared a dividend of 10c per share and I
an extra dividend of the same amount, making 1
J20,00i in all, payable on July 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 25—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.f Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. ? 314
4s quar coup. .113 115%) Mutual El Co. IVA 12
4s ao reg 114 114 ; >»|O G L & H.... 47*j —
4s do cp new. .134 134H Pac Gas Imp.. it\ 47%
3s quar coup..l&S*ilDaV* Pac L Co 43'* u\*
Miscekbineous — S F G & E 4S " 4S\4
Ca!-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. i% &
C C Water 5s.lO9H — (Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed ti & P 6s.. 12$te — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s..'— 118 Flrem's Fund.228%
Geary-st R 5a. — 99 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5%s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63% 70
Do 5s — — Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s.... — 1C8 'Cal S D & T.. — 106
Li A Lt Co 6s. — — jFirst National — 290
Do entd 6s.. — — ILon P & A... .131 133
L A cntd 5s... 10O — (Merchants' Ex 15 —
IiArRRjs. - lC2ft:Xev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s.. «S — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s. — 113 Ger S & L....1830 —
NCNOKl!.- 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 63.115'£117 Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do 5a 117%117»iiS F Sav U....EC5 —
N P C R R 63.101 — {Sav & L So.... 71 73
Do 5s 108 — ISec Sav Bk — —
• N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&His.lll — Street Railroads-^ '
1 Oak Tran 6s... — H9V£ California 122V4 —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — j Geary-st 5ft —
1 Oceanic 3 Co..l05T$ — I Market-st Ry. 63\i —
. Om C Ry 6S..12S — o S L & H.... — 4GV4
P & Cl Ry 6S.104H — Pre3idio 15 21
; P & O R R 68.115 — Powder Stock?—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California 160 17a
1 Sac L & GRSs. — — Giant Con Co. S3 S7U,
S F & SJV Zs. - 120 Vigorit .3 3>|
S Ry of Cal 6s.lll^ — Suear Stocks— .
; S P of A 6s... — 114V4 Hana S P Co. SS4 8=^
' S P C 63(1305). 110 110% Haw C & S Co 89 SO
Do U906) ....111^113 Honokaa S Co 33 —
Do (1912) ....113 12«H Hutch S P Co. U% 23%
SPRC lstsntos — — j Kliauea S Co. in "a 20^
I S 5? 6a ~y\*> - 'Makaweli S Co 4e£ 46^
S V Water Cs.115 — f >nomea S Co. — »s
¦ Do 4s 103\4103% Paauhau S Co. SI 32
Do 3d mtg...lOiy 4 — Miscellaneous—
I Stocktn Gas Ca 99 — Al Pack Assn.H7JiU3
i \V ater Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — 9Hi
, Contra Costa.. 6S% 63. Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
; Martn County. SO — Oceanic S Co.. — 93*4
Spring Valley. 91% 9S* Pac A F A J -
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.130 —
. Cent O L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
. Cent L & P Co 4
Morning Session.
; Board—
40 Contra Costa Water CS 00
In the afternoon there was a slight improve
ment in Gas and Electric, which sold up to
$48 12%.
The annual meeting of the Makaweli Sugar
Company will be held to-day.
There was nothing new In stocks on the
morning session, business being dull.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 26.— The wheat market
might be likened to a "sober second thought."
It was active but not wild and traders in a
more leisurely manner readjusted to a degree
prices which broke loess and went soaring last
week. There was no change in the North
western situation. The Dakotas and ' Minne-
Eota renewed their pitiful cries of distress over
the ruin of their crops, but generally the cries
fell upon deaf ears.- On the other hand the
Liverpool close was 3^c under yesterday and
it was declared that the Southwest would
raise 100.000,000 bushels more than last year,
an amount nearly sufficient to make up for
the shortage occasioned by the Northwest fail
ure. Local longs pressed heavily on the mar
ket at the opening, which was at 85Uc to 83%c
for July. The break stirred the Northwest
and selling orders from that section poured in
early, sending July down to 82Hc within an
hour of the opening. Some of the important
longs were not sellers, but they were a email
minority, for the crowd with big profits in
view was large. Later in the . day July re
covered to 83%c on a little less pressure from
longs for the moment. The bulge was lost in
ehort order and probably the decline was only
ended by the clcslng of the session. The close
was at the bottom, July 4c under yesterday,
at Co?n broke early with wheat, but recovered
later and the end of the session found the
market firm. July closed hie under yesterday
at Oats i °were comparatively quiet. The market
broke early with wheat, but steadied later in
sympathy with corn.' The close was at a loss
of %«"V2e for July at 25Vi@2S%c. .
Provisions were steady in the face of lower
hogs and the wheat break. July pork closed
5c lower. lard 7%o lower and ribs a shade
fhe r "leadlne futures ranged as follows:
NOTE — In the abovo exposition of the tides
the early morning tides axe given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
eecocd time column gives the second tide rf
toe day. the thtrt time column the third tid*
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there ara but
thre« tides, as sometimes occurs. The heljrMj
gl-vtn are In addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
whet a minus sign ( — ) precedes th* heleh:.
scd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th<* 1<vwpt tow wit*—.
Sun rises • *'¦*>
Sun sets 7:35
Moon rises 0:0O p. m.
WEDNESDAY. JTXE 27
United States Coast and Geodetic 8ott«7—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by ofJlclai au
thority ot the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 1» the same at both places.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. IT. 3. H.. Mer
chant*' Ex<-hange, Saa Francisco. Cal..
June 2S, 1200.
The tlm« bail on the tower of tn» new Ferry
building wu dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. »t noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. Q. CAJLKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. 9. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
DRIED FRUITS
Business was rather quiet in the market for
evaporated apples to-day. Buyers and sellers
were too far apart. Prices remain as last
quoted.
California dried fruits continue Inactive.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3Hfi5c; prime, 5@7%c; choice, 5%@6^c; fancy,
'^¦'aLIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3%@7^c
per pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12V4'fl4c; Moorpark. 15@
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16^200; unpeeled, 6@9c.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
8»4c; mild, steady: Cordova. 9&@13>4c. Futures
closed quiet, with prices 5 points up to 6
points net lower. Total sales, 10.250 bags, in
cluding: July, $7 35; September, *7 3S®7 40; Oc
tober, 11 40; November, $7 40@7 45; December,
$7 60@7 65; February. $7 SO: March, $7 80®7 63;
May, $7 90.
WHEAT — Receipts, 11,275 bushels; exports.
17.107. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 91>ic f. 0. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, SS?ic elevator; No. 1. Duluth,
91c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1. hard Duluth,
S3'<.c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options generally
weaker and lower all day "under heavy realiz
ing, unsatisfactory cables and absence of sup
port such as the market had last week. North
west crop news continued bad. while bearish
reports came in from winter wheat J States
west of the Mississippi. Closed weak at 3H@
3^jc net decline. July 87»»@89^ic closed SSc;
September, 87%fS9%c, closed 87%c; December,
S3>.iiSS9V4c, closed ES&c.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
FLiOURT-Receipts, 24,000 barrels; exports,
7107. dull; winter patents, $4 30®4 60; winter,
$3 90(54 20: Minnesota patents, $4 98Q5 25: Min
nesota bakers, J3 20®3 65.
NEW YORK, June 26.— BUTTER— Receipts,
20,009 packages. Market firmer; creamery ex
tras, 16M:.f 19*4c; factor}'. H@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 17,509 packages. Irregular:
Western loss off, ungraded, 14c; do at mark,
10(§12Vic.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
TTinatilla. which sailed Monday, carried for
Victoria the following: 1^9 pkgs fruit. 419 sks
potatoes, 10 sks onions, 43 pkgs prunes, fc7. 150
ilis bituminous rock, valued at tS33L
Exports of Wine.
Exports of wine from this port during the
¦first five months of the year were 2.541.700 gal
lons and 2S0O cases, valued at $771,7<"iO. against
L«SS,COI gallons and 2467 cases at J513.500 for
"the same time last year.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
The Lcndon Grocers' Gazette says: "Holdings
of fruits are limited, and sellers do not seem
enxious to part with their etooks. as the pack
ers at present do not appear to show any dis
position to enter into new contracts. There is
r.o material change in values. The market for
«=!*« salmon is firm, but the business is slow
in consequence of the arrivals occupying the
attention of buyers :cr the moment, although
there docs nit appear to be any disposition on
the part of sellers to unduly pre?? sales. High
rate? are being asked for this year's pack to be
shipped and delivered next year, owing to the
Increased cost of raw material and the advance
In Xreisfcts."
Effects of the Prune Combine.
The New York Commercial, under date of
June 23, says:
•'Telegrams were received yesterday morning
from San Jose. Cal.. telling of the final suc-
C rfs of the efforts to organize the California
Cured Fruit Association. It is not known ex
actly what the terms of organization are. one
inn m re paying on the ba=is of S»0 per cent of.
aerer-ge in f?a;:ta Clara Valley and SO per cent
of the acreage of all California, and another
telegram Ftating simply that plans had fuc
ce«3ed rn an S3 per cer.t basis. The news that
thf- combine had at last been brought to pass
Ftrer.dhened the prune market immediately
tnd ;i is extremely doubtful if present prices
could be shaded any. Indeed, it is likely the
market will go slightly higher ivhrn full par
ticulars of the prune combine organization
come to hand."
The tame paper on the following day added:
"The Ftrer.Fther.ing effect on the prune mar
ket of the formation of the prune combine in
California was further in evidence during the
Any and the report that the combines plans
had succeeds apparently struck European
markets rather forcibly, for cables were re
ceived from different points, all asking for ol
fers of crune?."
n earner Kcport.
<12Cth Meridiar-racific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 2S. Z p. m.
The following maximum temperaturfs wer«
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka CO Red Bluff SS
Mount Tamalpais fcl Sacramento S2
jn.j^pcndpnce Sfi f an Luis Obispo S3
Fresno 9S San Diego 70
Los Angeles 7S!
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
'0; minimum. IZ; mean, C2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAI
FORECAST.
The rressure has fallen wholly over Call
fomia and Ariscna. An area of low pressun
of the usual summer type overlies the vallej
of the Colorado. Another low overlies th<
upi-er Missouri Valley, and light showers hav<
occurred ir. the Dakatas.
The temperature continues high over th<
preater portion of the Pacific Slope. In th<
great valleys of California the temperature:
ere from 8 to 13 deproes above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities an
reported: Kan Francifo. CS miles an hour
f rr.rr. the wesl : Eur*ka. 25. from the northwest
Conditions are favorable for fog 'Wednesdaj
efterncon s!ong the coast from Point Con
ception northward.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirt]
bours rniilr.K midnisrht, June 27. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday: south
erly wintis in the interior, fresh westerly wind:
on the coast, with fog in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fres!
Nevada— Fci'r Wednesday.
i;tsh— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco an.! vicinity— Fair Wednesday
light northerly winds in the morning, chang
In* to fresh westerly wind? In the afternoo:
Vita leg. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The Compeer leads mdse for Same*. \
The M. P. Grace loads lumber at Pert Had
lock for Sycr.ey, 4Ts €d; Marechal de Villars,
•wheat s.t Portland for Europe.
A11 Additional Manifest.
Charters.
Sugar marked up.
Silver advanced. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quieter here and lower, abroad.
Barley off in sympathy zvith Wheat.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Flour and Millstuffs very firm at the recent advance.
Beans and Seeds didl and nominal.
Hay quiet at previous prices. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Provisions continue dull, with more or less cutting.
Dried Fruit market very dull.
Only thirty or thirty-five cars of Prunes left in the State.
Wool and Hops nominal and neglected.
Hides continue dull and weak. Tallow ditto.
Butter and Eggs still dragging. Cheese steady.
Poultry in moderate supply and doing better.
Potatoes dull and in large supply. Onions very firm.
Oils unchanged.
Hogs firm and in light supply.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Increased exports of Wine. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON, June 26.— Atchlson, 25%; Canadian
Pacific, 98; Union Pacific preferred. 78%; North
ern Pacific preferred. 72%: Grand Trunk, 6%:
Anaconda. 8. Bar silver, strong: and active,
2S%d per ounce. Money, 1H@1% per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, June 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a general rally In the markets here
to-day on the reports of the relief of Tientsin
and the safety of Admiral Seymour. London
bought American, thinking a rally was due,
and New York supported. London, 'however,
sold Baltimore and Ohio and Northwestern,
buying Canadian Pacific. The contango was
four. The bank lost £28,000 gold to South Af
rica. A fair business was done on loans at 3%
per cent for over the half year. Silver was
2S 5-16d, but sales were made later at 2$%d.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. June 26.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $150,621,069; gold. $67,839,201.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 26.— Money on call easy
at 1@1% per cent, last loan 1%; prime mercan
tile paper, 3%@4% per cent; sterling exchange,
firmer, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 86%@4 S614 for demand and at $4 83%@
4 83% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85@4 88:
commercial bills, $4 82%@4 82%; bar silver,
61H; silver certificates, 61@61%; Mexican dol
lars, 48c.
Government bonds, strong.
New York Money Market.
Bell Telephone 292 .
Boston & Albany.. 241
Boston Elevated. ..136
Boston & Maine.. .189
Chgo Bur & Q 122%
Dominion Coal 37
Dom Coal prefd.. ..113^4
Federal Steel 30
Fed Steel prefd.... C2U
Fitchburg prefd... 133%
General Electric... 127
Ed Elec 111 205
Mexican Central... HVi
Mich Telephone.... 90
N E Gas & Coke... 15%
Old Colony 200
Old Dominion 16
Allouez Min Co.... 1
Amalg- Copper 84%
Atlantic 22
Boston & Mont 285
Butte & Boston.... 61
Calumet & Hecla..720
Centennial 15H
Franklin 12U
Osccola 59
Parrot 38%
Quincy ..." 134
Santa Fe Copper.. 1%
Tamarack 176
Utah Mining 22%
Wlnona 2%
Wolverines 35%
LIVERPOOL. June 26.-WHEAT-Spot.
steady No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 6%d; No 1
California. 6s 5d@«3 lOd. Futures, easy; July.
6s i 8d: September. 6s 7d; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, dull. 4s
%d; do old. firm. 4s 4d. Futures, quiet; July.
4s; September, 4s Id.
LONDON. June 26.— Consols, 100%: eilver,
28 5-164 • French rentes, lOOf 20c; cargoes on
.„,..„(.' sellers at decline of 3@6d; cargoes
Sfo l standard California. S2s 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 31s 3d; English country markets.
fi l!ivERPOOL. June 26.-Wheat. steady; No.
1 standard California. 6s 9d@6s 9%d; wheat in
Paris weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5?*d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. June 26.— Clearings, $151,104; bal
ances. $32,440.
WASHINGTON,
¦PORTLAND. June 26.— There was not much
dotnff to-day in wheat and quotations are to a
«rt£n extent nominal, but Bo and «cn> still
offered for both Walla Walla and \ alley.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 2G.-Clearings, $2S0,3S9;
balances, $62,712.
NEW YORK. June 26.— Shorts were given
another severe shakeup in to-day's cotton mar
ket The weekly Government market report was
received shortly after 1 o'clock and proved de
cTdedly worse than anticipated, dec aring that
fields were being abandoned in the bottom
lands of the central belt owing to the exces
sive growth of grass, with lice doing serious
damage in other sections. Shorts immediately
took fright and in their rush to protect oyer :
lom accounts forced prices up to a level 2o
points above last night's close. Though a re
fapso followed, the close was very steady at a
net advance of 12 to 20 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 26.— There was anSther
advance noted in the price of lead to-day, ow
ing to the continued scarcity of that metal.
The close was very unsettled at $4 22%@4 27%C.
Spelter v.-as also higher on account of a
good export inquiry and better cables. The
close was firmer In tone at $4 20@>4 2oc.
Tin though very dull, was a shade higher in
sympathy with nn advance in London, closing
dull at $31@31 50. .
Lake Copper was quiet and unchanged on the
basis of $16 50 for spot.
Pigiron warrants were weak and unsettled.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 10 and
$16 25 for copper.
Nezv York Metal Market.
BOSTON. June 26.— A dull market in wool
continues and sales are meager. Territory
wools move slowly. But few new wools are
coming in. The market can only be quoted on
a quotable basis in the absence of business for
fine medium and fine at about 50@52c. Scoured
is about this price, with staple line o2@ooc.
Very few fleece wools are changing hands and
values are entirely nominal. Territory, scoured
basis: Montana and Wyoming— Fine medium
and fine, 17@18c; scoured, 50®S2c: staDle. 55c.
Utah— Fine medium and fine, 16@l7c; scoured,
50@51c; staple, 54S55c. Idaho-Fine mediuin and
fine 16*n7c; scoured, 50@51c; staple, 54^o5c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Combing
superfine, nominal. 82<SS7c; good. 80@82c.
Boston Wool Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 25.000; to-morrow,
82,000; left over. BOOO. Generally lOo lower.
Top, $5 27%; mixed and butchers', $5 05@5 25;
good to choice, $5 20®5 27%; rough heavy, $5 05
@5 15; light, $5 05(55 25; bulk of sales, $5 1j@
5 20.
SHEEP — Receipts. 7000; cheep and lambs, 1E@
20c lower. Good to choice wethers, $4@4 75;
fair to choice mixed, $3 23@4 10; Western sheep.
$4@4 25: Texas sheep, $3 50@4; native lambs,
$5<g-6: Western lambs, $5 75@6; spring lambs,
J4 25®6 50.
CHICAGO, June 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; steers, Bteady; choice butchers' stock,
steady, others weak. Native, best on sale to
day, one carload. $5 65; erood to prime steers,
$5@5 75; poor to medium, ?4 E0®5; selected feed
ers, slow, except best, $4 15<f?4 85; mixed stock
ers, 10c to 15c lower. $3 15@3 90; cows, $2 90®
4 50; helfere, $3@5; canners, weak. $2 2o@2 75;
bulls, slow. $2 75(8)4 25; calves. 25c below Tues
day, $4 50<86 50. Texans— Receipts. 1000; best on
sale to-day, one carload. $5 15; Texas grass
steers, steady, $3 65@4 25; Texas bulls, $2 75<2>
3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. June 26.— Porter Bros. Company
Bales California fruit: Plums— Red June. S5c
@|2 65; Wlckson, 51 85. Peaches— 90c@$l 60; M.
Catherine. 70c@$l 60; Burbank, 75c@$l E5; Ogon,
75c<S$l 65; mixed. 90c@N 45; Yosabe. 65c@$l 4o;
Abundance. eOc@Jl 20; other varieties. 30@ s oc.
Prunee-Tragedy. $1 15@1 S5; Slmonl $l©i 150.
Apricots-Royal, $1 20@l 65. Peaches-Larly
Crawfords. $1 SO; Hale's. 60c@$l 60; Alexander,
il 15@1 30; Triumph. 95c@$l 30. Pears— Comet.
75c half box; Wilder. U 65<gl 70 half box; Con
grers, $1 55® 1 60. Cherries— Republican, 90c®
$1 20; Royal Anne, 60c© $1 15; Tartarlans, 40c@
$1 05. FIge— Black, C5@S5c. _ ....
Earl Fruit Company sales: Pears— Bartletts,
average ?2 30 half boxes. Apricots— Royals,
$1 15®1 80 single crates. I >lum *- Bu *' ba « I lI'^
65c<3-H85 single crates. Prunes— Slmonl, i0c@
$135 single crates. Tragedy. $1 10@l 90 single
crates. Ten cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, June 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as fol
lows: Apricots— Peach, average $2 20 single
crates. Peaches— Alexanders, $1 05@l 15 box.
Pears— Giftords, average 90c single crates.
Plums— Clymans. 70@90c single crates; Royal
Hatives. 80@S5c. Prunes— Slmoni, average Jl
single crates;. Tragedy, $1 40@l 50 single
crates. _j
Porter Bros. Company sales were: Prunes-
Tragedy. SI 35@1 80: Simonl. $1 20@l 40. Plums
—Burbanks, $1 20@l 35; Yosabe, 80c@$125;
Mikado, $1@1 05; Abundance, SOc^fl Oo; P. D. s,
$1; Ogon. 95c@$l; other varieties, 35@S0c.
Peaches— Hale's, $1 40@l 50; Alexander. $1 3o.
Pears— Comet, $1 35. Cherries— Republican, |0o
f$l 95; Tartarians. ?1 05@l 35; Royal Anne. 6oo
$1 35; BIgarreau, 75c.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CHERRIES — 50@75c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 25(ff-!'Cc. In bulk,_2@5c for black and 3@
5e for Royal Anne.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $2 50<§3 per case for
Arizona and $2 50 for Winters.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 75c@$l 50: Med
iterranean Sweets. $1 25@2; Valencias, $2@2 75:
Lemons. $1<?2 for common and $2 50^3 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50: Ba
nanas, $1 50®3 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 S0@
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisbts.
Apricots seem to sell well at the quotations,
though offerings are ample for all needs. Old
dried fruit is very dull, as nobody wants it
Fortunately, there is very little left here. The
stock of Prunes is now down to thirty or
thlrty-flve oars, something which has not hap
pened for at least five years. Honey is steady,
with light receipts of the new crop.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks.
1Q4%C for 40-50's, 3%i@3%c for 60-60's, 3>«i@3%c
for 60-70's, 3<g3%c for 70-SO's, 2%@3c for SO-90's
and 2%©2%c for 90-100's. Peaches. 4%@4%c for
Standards. 5c for choice and 5%@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10@12%c; Evaporated Apples,
5%®6c; sun-dried. 3@4c per lb: Pears. 3%tr4%c
for dark and 7@Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs l ! li@2c: White Fig3. 2@3c; .Bleached
Plums, 7%c; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and l%c for unpitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6%@7>ic per lb. "; r.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8%c; choice, r 7%c: standard, 6%c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California. .
NUTS— Walnuts, 833c for Standards and %@
10c for solftshells; Almonds, ll%@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%ft?C?ic for Eastern nnd Be for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7%©8e; Filberts, 12S12%c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanut!, fl COif 5.
HONEY— Comb. 12%@13c for bright and 11®
12e for light amber; water white extracted. 7%
@7%c; light amber extracted 6%®7c; dark, 6c
per lb. ' x
BEESWAX— 21@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The local trade continue to quote a weak and
dull market for cured meats, with continued
cuttinsr in Hams, Bacon and Lard. It was
hoped that the advance in Wheat and Corn
would improve live Hogs, and thus Pork prod
ucts, but no improvement is thus far visible.
Lower prices for Cottolene are announced.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10%c per lb for
heavy. 10H©10%c for light medium, ll%c for
light, 12%e for extra light and 14%c for sugar
cured. Eastern : sugar-cured ¦ Hams, 12@13»;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam-
GRAPES— From Yuma, $1 75@2 per crate.
PEACHES— 25@6Oc per box and 30@65c per
basket for common and 60®75c per box for
Crawfords.
PLUMS — 20@40c per box and crate and 20@3Oc
per basket: in bulk. $10i@15 per ton; Prunes, 3j@
60c per crate and 25935c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES-$2tf?3 50 per chest for
large and $2 60©5 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3!ff5-per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— J2(S3 E0 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $3(58 per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 50(53 SO per chest.
FIGS— Per box, 25S35c for single and 40#63c
for double layers.
PEARS— 35c(5$l per box; Bartletts, «1 2Si®l 35.
APRICOTS— 25<g 65c per box and crate for
Royals: in baskets, 20@30c; in bulk, 2@Sc per
lb to the trade and ?10@35 per ton to the can
ners.
APPLES— 25c per basket and 25@85c for large
boxes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Prices for Peaches and Apricots keep up, and
arrivals meet with a good demand, which pre
vents any accumulation of stock. Plums are
quiet, but not particularly weak. Figs are in
lighter supply, but quiet.
Berries rule cheap, except Logans, which are
still scarce and in good demand.
Huckleberries appeared from Sonoma County,
bringing 12H®15 per lb. s
Several crates of Watermelons, mixed with
a sprinkling of Cantaloupes, came In from Ari
zona too late for the Market, and were not
sold. Nutmegs arrived from Arizona and
Winters.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; Young America, D®
9%c: Eastern, 16317c; 'Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 13@14c for store and 16@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 143'14%c.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 18©lS%c; sec
onds, 17%c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16%@17%c; good to choice, 16c;
common, 14@15c.
Butter continues to arrive In poor condition,
and this increases the weakness of the market.
There is plenty here. Egrgs are no lower, but
are dragging, as stocks are large and the de
mand is very light. Cheese shows no change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern, was put on yesterday
and sold off well, Hens bringing as high as
$6 60. Local stock was firm and several ad
vances were made.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9SHc for Gobblers
and ll@12%c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1:
Goslings. $1@1 50; Ducks, $3 50<f 4 for old and
$4 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $4-55; young
Roosters, $4 50<g6; old Roosters. $4©4 50: Fry
ers. $4: Broilers. J3 for large and f2<32 50 for
small: Pigeons, ?1 25igl 50 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Supplies of Potatoes continue large and the
market is easy. Onions rule firm at the im
proved prices. Vegetables are weak as a rule,
with abundant supplies. Tomatoes, however,
are firm, receipts being moderate.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 65@«oc: New
Early Rose. 30S60c; New Burbanks. 40@75c per
C ONIONS— New Red, 50®€5c; Silverskins. 90c@
$1 10 per ctl. ' „.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 7oc@?l 2o per
sack and crate for Vaeaville. $1@1 25 per crate
for Berkeley and $1 50©l 75 for Alameda; Rhu
barb, 15<JTX5c per box; Asparagus. 50c@$l 75 per
box for comon to choice and $2@2 50 for fancy
large; Green Peas, $1@1 50 per sack; String
Beans, 2@4c; Cabbage. 40@o0c; Tomatoes, 500
$1; Rivers, $1 25@2; Egg Plant. 5®7c; Green
Okra. l. r .@20c: Green Peppers, 8@10c for Chili
and 7<gl5c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Car
rots, 25@3Sc per sack; Summer Squash, 25 l g35c
per box for Vaeaville and 40@60c for Alameda;
Cucumbers. DO@75c for Alameda and 25'g30c per
box for Alarysvllle; new Garlic, 2@3c per lb.
nominal: Rape, V/ztSZc: Hemp. 4@4%c; Timo
thy 4<5?4%C
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. ?2 25@2 50; Green, $2 23
@2 EO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers continue to quote a quiet and fea
tureless market for Beans and Seeds at un
chansed quotations. .„ „_
BEANS-Bayos, $2 85@3: Small White. $3 2o@
3 40; large White. $2 75@3: .Pink. $2 60@2 90;
Red. J2 50@3; Blackeye. |3 5*S3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. *5 30@5 40; Pea, J3 40S'3 50; Red
Kidneys, $4®4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 S0@2 20; Canary. 3Vic per
lb for California and 4c for Eaitern; Alfalfa.
Beans and Seeds.
Testerday's Hay market was lifeless, owing
to the Hay dealers* picnic.
If It prove true that the crop disaster In the
Northwest has caused an advance in Hay
there from $4 E0 to $16 per ton in two dayB, it
may result in some benefit to this market. A
little tonic of this sort would not hurt It any.
FeedstufTs show no further change.
BRAN— $13@13 50 per ten.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. »16S17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing,
527 BO®28; Cocoanut Cake. $20<g21: Corn Meal,
$24 50; Cracked Corn, $25; Mixed Feed. $16.
HAY— Wheat. $7 50®9 50 for common to good.
$10 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50<g^ 50: Oat.
$6 5O@8; Alfalfa, ?5<g7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50@6 50; Wheat,
$6 50® 8; Clover, $4 EtXS6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley.
$4 60®6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25®37%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything under this head is firm, with a
fair demand.
FLOUR-Callfornia family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers" extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15(23 50 for bakers' ; Eastern. $4 oO
(g-6 50 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ryu
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 io;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50©3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4<S4 2j;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, ?4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6©
7 25, in s»cks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Spill
Peas, *5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALE3.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. . __«*«
Regular Morning Session— December— *uw
ctls. 73%c: 2000. 74c. ., ....
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 74c,
2000, 73 7 /8c: 2000, 73%c. , .
OATS— Prices stand as before, with moderate
offerings and a dull demand. ,
White, $1 10@l 30: Surprise. $1 22V4Q1 25: Red.
$1 10@l 20; Gray, $1 07%@l 15; Black, $1@1 0.%
per ctl.
CORN— Dealers continue very firm, though
the Inquiry is moderate. Eastern large Yellow,
$1 17%<8>1 20 per ctl; Eastern White. »1 17*4©1 20
per ctl; Mixed. $1 15@1 17%. ,,
RYE— 87%c for new and 02@95c for Old. Mar
ket quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
grades; Brewing and chipping grades, 75@80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs show the
following changes in available supplies from
the last account: Wheat— United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies, increase. 691,000
bushels; Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat lor
and in Europe, increase. 800,000 bushels; total
supply, increase, 4,191.000 bushels. Corn— United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, in
crease, 1,230,000 bushels. Oats— United States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, increase, m.
000 bushels. The aggregate supply of wheat
held at Portland, Or., and Tacoma ajid Seattle,
Wash., decreased" 96,000 bushels last week.
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 9.S93
Wheat, ctls .... 3.340
narley, ctls 7,334
Oats, ctls 315
Oats, rail 480
Corn, ctls 395
Rye, ctls 650
Cheese, ctls .... 55
Butter, ctls E31
Hay. tons 210
Wool, bags 114
Pelts, bdls M
Hides, No. 434
Lime. bb!s 273
Chicory, bbla .. 52
Suear, ska 3,000
Potatoes, sks ... 3.S9S
Onions, ska .... 60
Bran, sks 125
>I!ddlinsrs. sks 190
Kgfrs. doz 23. 70O
Leather, roils .... 4S
Wine, gals 68.900
Receipts of Produce.
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork, $13; extra clear. $19;
Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
S?ic; 10-lb tins, 9V*c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— New prices are as follows.
One half barrel. 8%c; three half barrels. 8%c;
one tierce. 8%c; two tierces, 8Vic; five tierces,
8%o per lb. :
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is still dull. There Is very little coin- ,
D Hops are sluggish. Buyers hold off. The
b^Wre^ y .5S et^er^e
° U md°e k 9 con = Unue depressed, wit* several frac
"HfDFS* AND'SKINS-Culls and brands sell
vin i^/.. r>i-v f*a.lf 17c; SheepsKins. o.icii
i ty. defective. 13@15c; Southern Momv tain^ a
months'. 12@13c; Southern Mountain free -
months'. ll©13c: Southern Mountain, derecme.
7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendocmo,
17»S13c: Nevada, 14fil7c per ID. o«tr>r
HOPS-Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new. 9«10c.
San Francisco^leat Market.
Hogs continue in~li7ht supply^ and firm
Some are coming in from the East, but they
do not cut much figure. „>,_„_«, worthv of
Other descriptions show no changes ™™g or
note. The demand and supply at » u * ?* Iance -
MUTTON-Wethers. 737%c; ewes, 6%^.c per
Sprinr. SSSHc per lb. .„««„_ for
feeders. E%c; dressed Hogs. 8®9c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS-San Quent^Tags^ » 65- CgoitU
Grain Bags. 6%c: Wool Bags. «»«»•«•
Fleece Twine. 7*c; Fruit Bags «4@6%c for
white and SVi@8%c for bleached Jute.
CANNED FRUITS-Extras In 2%-lb tins
S n e P eeTe°d ted A WJS
E 1C( $1 tV/bfa^ .T^ r^whlt? Sd
Roval Arre- Currants. $1 75; Gooseberries.
Su1nfi.il eTBMPbirrtow « S5; Strawberries.
n cOAL-Welllngton. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. S8: Southfleld WelllMton. V : Seattle. $6^
Bryant. i6 : Coos Bay *5 »0; Wallsend $S. Co
operatlVe Wallsend. ti; Cumberland. »2inlmk
and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Ere ?14' Cannel $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per
tof in bulk and SIS In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 pounds.
COFFEE-Costa Rica— 14-g-loHc Jw P rime
washed; 12®13%c for good washed; £@ 14£c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll%®12%c for
lood to prime peaberry; ll®13c for good to
prime SftlOHc for good current mixed wltn
black ' beans ; 9@-10%c for fair; 6Vi«S^ic nominal
f °SaTvado 1 r-10^S13c n for 'good to prime washed;
9U«ilO%c for fair washed; i:^13>v: for good to
prime washed reaberry: 9*i«flO%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 9%^-lOHc for superior un
washed: S^c for good green unwashed; 10V511C
I for good to superior unwashed, peaberry; b'gi^c
nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13%®16c for prime to '*? C J
washed- 9(B<12c for fair to strictly good washed:
8%'{I9V2C nominal for jrood to superior un
washed; 10!jrl0%c nominal for god to prime un
washed pea berry. _, M ¦
Guatemala and Mexican— 14«17%c for prime
to fancy washed; ll^'glSHc for strictly good
washed- llWll^c for gcod washed: S-aiO^c for
fair washed; 8ftS»;c for medium; e^^ic for in
! ferlor to ordinary; 13S14%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10@llc nominal for good to
I prime unwashed peaberry: 9%@10Vic nominal
for sood to suoerior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S«33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26®'30c: Sole Leather. light.
26®2Sc- Rough Leather. hea\T. 27g28c; Rough
leather light, 25®2Cc: Harness Leather, heavy,
32Q3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30^37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29S3."c; Collar Leather. 15^
16c per foot; Kip. finished, 40<?;0c per lb; Veal,
finished, S0®53c; Calf, finlahed, 73cSn 20; sides,
finished. 16® 17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14®
16c: Rough Splits. SffMOc per lb.
I OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. I,
73c; pure, $1 27; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
77c; raw, 73c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c: cases, 75c: China
Nut, 68c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil^ bar
rels, COc; cases. 65c; Sperm, pure, 60c; Wnale
Oil. natural white. 37HS 1 12%c per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND BENZDJE
— Water "White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12%c; Pearl
Oil. In cases. ISHc; AstraJ Oil. In cases. lS»*c;
Star Oil. In cases, 18Hc; 'Extra Star Oil. in
cases, 22%c; Elaine Oil, in cases. 23%c; Eocene,
20%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in cases. 21c; Ben
zine, in bulk. ' 14V3C-. Benzine, in cases. IOHc;
' 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; S6-degrc? Uaso
j line, in cn«es, 27c.
I TURPENTINE— Quoted at 6Dc per gallon In
I cases nad 63c in drums or Iron barrels.
! RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7^4^
I 7%c per lb: White Lead, 7@7%e, accordins to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— 130^51 per flask for local
use and M5SM8 for export.
SUGAR — Prices are higher. The "Western
I Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. in
100-ib bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crush -
I ed. 5.90c; Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated.
5.C1c; Dry Granulated, 5.40c: Confectioners' A,
5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c: Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C.
4. SO; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c mor';
j boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, lCc more. No or-
I ders taken for less than 73 barrels of Its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels. 6.15c; boxes,
6.40c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16JT17; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood, $17(glS for No. 1 and $15^16 fo»- No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50^4 : Pickets. $1S; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and J12 for sawn; Rustic, $21® 27.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, law.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Foreign Futures.
26,750 Atchlson prefd 70%
S3.150 Baltimore & Ohio 63%
650 Canadian Pacific »
300 Canada Southern ?»
S50 Chesapeake & Ohio 25V£
COO Chicago Great Western 10%
13.C30 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 122H
Chicago Indianapolis & Louisville. lSVt
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd 48
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
2C0 Chicago & Northwestern 153%
5.7C5 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 103%
£71 C C C & St Louis 56%
, Colorado Southern 5%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
600 Delaware & Hudson 109%
MO Delaware Lackawanna & West l/<
200 Denver & R G 16}i
900 Denver & R G prefd 66
200 Erie H 1 /*
310 Erie 1st prefd iZVz
290 Great Northern prefd 148
10O Hocking Coal 11H
100 Hocking Valley 33H
600 Illinois Central U0»i
200 Iowa Central : IS
Iowa Central prefd 43
210 Kan City Pitts * Gulf 14Vi
Lake Krie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 90
Lake Shore 20S%
4.423 Louisville & Nashville 74»»
5.541 Manhattan L SS3i
220 Metropolitan St Ry K5
270 Mexican Central 11%
4C0 Minn & St Louis 47
110 ilinn & Pt Louis prefd SS
7.300 Missouri Pacific 47»i
4,300 Mobile & Ohio 35
2tX> Missouri Kans & Texas 9»i
300 Missouri Kans & Texas perfd 28U
4<K> New Jersey Central 122^
1.000 New Tork Central 127\»
3.:iO Norfolk & Western 30^4
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
24,2:5 Northern Pacific D0%
2,115 Northern Pacific prefd 70»i
550 Ontario & Western 18H
Oregon Ry & Xav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav perfd 76
4.S15 Pennsylavnla 125%
410 Reading 16
4.120 Reading 1st prefd 57H
€40 Reading 2d prefd 27Va
Hio Grande Western 59
Hio Grande Western prefd S7%
600 St Louis & San Fran it
Pt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 65
20O St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 31?i
400 St Louis Southwestern 9
1.610 St Louis Southwestern prefd 23
12.MS St Paul no
St Paul prefd 17014
St Paul & Omaha US
5,250 Southern Pacific 3154
1,7<VJ Southern Railway llij
1.S15 Southern Railway prefd 50*[
1.000 Texas & Pacific 13H
6.165 Union Pacific 49tJ
2,804 Union Pacific prefd 7P£
l ri 0 Wabash 6%
77; Waba«h prefd 1754
f.V) Wheeling & L E S
236 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 22
100 Wisconsin Central 13
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American 150
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
250 American Cotton Oil 30%
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S
American Malting 2'4
100 American Malting prefd 20
1.005 Araer Shielting & Refining 33 T 4
1C0 Amw Smelting & Refining prefd.. te'
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
3,W0 American Steel Hoop 17%
C25 American Steel Hoop prefd 65
5. $20 American Steel & Wire 30^
1.245 American Steel & Wire prefd 69%
1,200 American Tin Plate 19
D00 American Tin Plate prefd 71%
6,250 American Tobacco 86%
American Tobacco prefd 129
CJO Anaconda Mining Co 3S%
61.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 55
1,020 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30%
400 Continental Tobacco 22%
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 75^4
4.1.-0 Federal Steel 30
10. M0 Federal Steel prefd 61%
1,400 General Electric 127
1C0 Glucose Sugar 46
Glucofe Sugar prefd 97
410 International Paper 22
2iO International Paper prefd 64
100 Laclede Gas 63^
44S National Biscuit 20 "
National Hiscult prefd 79%
National Lead "18T4
National Lead prefd 95
4.C25 National Steel 22
1,500 National Steel prefd 80%
New York Air Brake 12C
415 North American 14%
COO Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coast Ut prefd 80
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C8%
720 Pacil'.c Mail 26%
ll,.".:.O People'* Gas 95%
£20 Pressed Steel Car 42%
250 Pressed Ptfel Car prefd 73%
Pullman Palace Car 176
220 Standard Rope and Twine 4%
53,770 Sugar ...: '. 111%
100 Sugar prefd X14V4
4,950 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
820 United States Leather S
r.7n T-nitfd States Leather prefd........ 66
400 United States Rubber -..'• 2i%
United States Rubber prefd 92%
SW Western Union 79
740 Republic Iron & Steel 9%
€00 Republic Iron & Steel 51
PCC4 St Louis 60
Third Avenue 103
367.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg. |MK&T2ds 66^
when issued 102% M K & T 4s 8S%
Do coup 103Vi|N Y Cent lets 111V4
U S °s r«?e 1W N J Cent gen 6s 122
V S Cs regr 103 N Paclnc 3s 6fi
U S 3s coup'. 109 N Faciflc 4s 103%
V S new 4s reg....l34 N Y C & S L 4s.. 106
V S new 4s coup. .134 IN & W con 4s 9J',4
V a old 4b rez....H4 jOr Xav lsts 109
U B old 4s coup. .113 (Or Xav 4s 101
U B is rtg 1] 3 |Or Short Line 5s.. 115
U S 5s coup 113 OrS Line con 5s..U3V4
Dls of Col 3. 63b.. ..123 Reading Gen 4s.... -88
Atchlsr.n gen 4s.. .100*4 ROW 1st* S3
Atchison adj 4s.... S2V41S L & I M con ."S..110
Canada So 2d» 107 S L & S F cen 6s.l25
Chcs & Ohio 4V4«-. 99 St Paul cons 169
Cbes 6? Ohio 5s 11BU S P C & P lsta 119%
C & NW con 7s HO -B P C & P 6s 119%
C & NWSFdeb as.H7V4jSo Pacific 4s 7S
Chicaso Terra 4s... S3 [So Railway Cs IIO14
Colo 60 4s 84VStand. R & T 6s 70
D & R O lsts lOlT* Vex & Pac lsts.. ..110%
I) & K G 4s 98»iiTex & Pac 2ds 68
B T \*»A-Ga lsts..ir3Vfc l Union Pacific 4s. ...105%
Erie General Ae.... 69%\\\'nbsirYi Ists 114
F IV & D C lsts... 72 TV'abash 2ds 100
Gen Electric 5s....ll"H West Shore 4s 113^
Iowa Cent lsts U2\i Wis Cent lsts 89>4
K C P & G lsts... C8 Va Centuries S2V4
L & N Uni 4s 100*4 *
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15'Ontarlo 6 75
Crown Point 03iOphlr 70
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 10
twadwood 40 CJuicksllver 1 EO
Gould & Curry 10 Quicksilver prefd . 7 00
Hale &. Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake' M OOjStandard 3 00
Iron Silver 55: Union Con 17
Mexican IS 'Yellow Jacket OS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 25H
Call loans 2l4(J3 1 i Union Pacific 49V4
Time loans 3 Qi West End 93
Stocks — Bonds —
A T & S F 24% Atchison 4s Mtf
A T & S F prefd.. 70% N E Gas&Coke Da. 61%
American Sugar.. ..111 7 .4 Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.. ..113% Adventure .......... °2/
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June SK
Stmr Scotia, Walvl s . 30 hours from *-ur*£
Stmr 'Westport, Krlcsson, 20 hours from i>e-* r
"stm/'City of Puebla. Jepaen. ED hours from
Vi £°Ih1r. Crown of India. Winteawm. ISO d«»
from Hull, via K-wcastle. England 132 da".
Schr Ocean Spray, OUen, 14 hours from I%er-
Brothers. Wet«l. IS hours from
f£S?jS&?Sa Fontle. Jensen, IS hours frcru
F Sc k hr J John F Miller. Hanson. 10 day* ttO9
Grays Harbor. r-irs CaT-
Schr Monterey. Beck, 4 days from Covs i>ay.
CLEATtED.
Tuesday. June 24 _
Stmr Sasta Rosa. Ale.-tar.der. San Diego:
Goodall, Perkins & Co. _; , . r >n-!es
Strar North Fork. McLellan. Eureka. Chafes
* Stmr" Columbia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
roact and Nav Co. 1 »-«"«oii_
Brig Harriet G. Wayland. Kihei: Chas^*^
8
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 26.— The bull contingent
In stocks failed to realize their expectations
to-day, though the- chanpos at the close ehow
net Bains for the majority of stocks. Final
prices, however, were considerably btlow the
best an<l the market during the latter part
of the session wa» considerably unsettled and
spotty in spite of the sustaining influence of
i;ctable strength in home stocks. The opening
rise was in sympathy with London and was
tttriinited to the effect of the news from
China, of the relief of Tientsin. Later advice*
Fhowx-<i tbat Um periodical settlement in Lon
c.'H had disclosed an unexpectedly large bear
tecount in Americana and the London buying
v.as th<* OOriertnc ctf Khort contracts. It was
especially effective !n Kme or the Southern
railroad stwks. The New York market, how
ever, rtjowed itself indifferent to the progress
e>t event* Sn Chir.a, as it baa oozntetcntiy done
throughout and the opening advance was
largely lost. The Bret rally in the market fol
lowed the rharp break in the wheat market
end was most noticeable in the Southwestern
grangers, specially Burlington and AtchiFon
pr« f erred. Crcp iic-n-3 continued bad from the
epring wheat section ar.1 traders are evidently
impressed Ofjth the "iviHingr.oss of the farm
er* to tal:e the price offered and the wheat
market showed continued realization to-day
v.-:th a reverse rympaihetlc effect on grain
carryir.gr railroads, li wan evident that the
buying cf railroad BtoibkS fine larRi-ly from
the short Interest, who were willing to take
profits at a decline in prices, but who were
not pressed to tnke losws at the advance. A
further rise In the price of lead followed the
recovery of • yesterday and the strength of
cilvcr on a lar^e demand from Oriental coun
trir*. hed a tonic fffect upon all the metal
markets. Ku?rar was active and erratic, ad
vancing on the rise in refined sugars but re
i::r> -; :T.jj on proSt-takinz. Time money con
tinues to harden bc-~ause the call loans are.
Mil! very easy.
Son» of the speculative bonds show sharp
recoveries. !;ut the market generally was Ir
rc-srjJar. Total sales, par value, tl.070,000.
United States Zs (coupon) advanced '/» in
the bid price.-
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
*old. Flock— bid.
u-ti. 1 Atcblfon Y ... 24%
Chicago Grain Market.
Nezv York Grain and Produce
35 Makawell « 3-
10 Pacific Gas Imp 47 ,,, '"
KS F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
S Spring Valley Water <,5 eo
Street—
43 Honokaa 33 CO
KC0O Oceanic S S Bond3 1 -; , -.-,
JK-00 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds £B qq
Afternoon Session.
Board
20 Equitable Gas b 30 j 59
50 Giant Powder Con Sa .»
iO Hawaiian Cora & Su?ar Co 89 40
ICO Honokaa S Co 33 CO
10 Honokaa S Co &m
5 Hutchinj>on S P Co S3 iQ
110 Makawelt *& 09
10 Makaweli « .;:¦:
' 15 Mutual Electric Light U 7>
JCOCO Northerr. Ry of Cal 53 bcr.da ]'.; (Q
TO S F Gas & Electric Co 4- B^
Street—
13 Alaska Packers' Assn l'.T 73
100 Honokaa S Co C2 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
500 Caribou «
200 Home Oil 4 13
20 Kern River 14 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
223 Home Oil 4 3 I
MIXING ST0CK3.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morntrr Session.
300 Andes 0(5 20O Justice 0:
200 Challenge 151 200 Ophir 73
50 Con Cal & Va.1 53i 5^0 Syndicate 07
100 Con Cal & Va.l 60 3C0 Utah V.
200 Crown Point.... C3!
Afternoon Session.
E0O Bullion 03t so Gould & Curry 12
10O Caledonia 1 IS 200 Silver Hill 27
10O Con Cal & Va.l 53:
The following: were the sales la the Pacific
Stock Exciians^ yesterday
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 13; 700 GouM & Carry 12
600 Belcher 19 200 Ophir 75
SCO Challenge Con.. IS; 730 Ophir 71
ISO C C & V 1 37%' 10O Standard 4 U
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Be'.caer 26' 250 Ophir XI
100 Caledonia 1251 200 Ophir „ 72
S0O Challenge Con.. 15 ; 200 Silver Hill 3s
200 Con Cal & Va.l 60 ! 700 Yellow Jacket.. 14
300 Hale & Norcrs 27 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TTTESDAX. June 2S— 1 p. EJ_
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha C3 05 Justice 06 N
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 05 08 Lady Wash — T3
Belcher 17 19 Mexican ....... 21 22
Best & Belcher 25 27, Occidental U Ik
Bullion 04 03. Ophir 72 71
Caledonia 1 15 1 20 Overman 17 U
Chollar 13 ttjPotosl 1* 1>
Challenge Con. 15 16! Savage 17 IS
Confidence 77 SO Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.lso 1 eoSeg Belcher.... Ot to
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 2"? y>
Con New York 01 — ' Silver Hill .... 57 34
Crown Point... 09 10 St Louis — 12
Eureka Con.... — SO. Standard 4 90 •» l".
Exchequer .... 01 02; Syndicate 07 OS
Gould & Curry 12 12 Union Con .... 20 2l
Hale & Norcrs. 27 23 Utah 12 13
julla 01 02 Teilow Jacket. 14 IS
Continued on Page Eleven.
pi
> 'Tirr.# ixime lime Time
(
I
F
!S
»
1
2
2
I .
Ft. Ft. Ft.
i* w h w z. w n wj
~ B:« 1.0 12:50 4.8 5:181 S.2 11:3!
... «:23 0.8 1:32 6.0 «:11 S.2 .
H W L W HWl L W!
...I O:0S 6.6 7:001 0.4 2:121 5.1 7:04?
O:S7 B.I 7:37! 0.0 2:51! 5.1 8:00'
... 1:45 4.7 8:10 O.«i 3:2S| 5.1 9:0l!
... 2:3J 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:0j| 8.2] 10:(K|
... 3:31 3.7! 9:13 1.5 4:37! 5.1! 11:04!
i
•~T.
3.
Z
I
2
s
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Plfr.
I —
Columbia ..(Portland
Australia ..|HonoIulu
Orizaba jHumholdt
Coos Bay... [Newport
peni i\>tt Tnrt
Eureka ....|Humboldt
Corona iSan Dieso
City FwblaiVic & P«t Sd.
Doric 1 China A Japan
Nome c^y.|Cape Nome....!
Bcnlta | INewport
Pt Arena..! Point Arena..
State of Cal!Pcrt!.in-l
Newburg .. I Grays Harbor
Serapls (Hamburg
Arcata ICoos Hay
Santa Rosa. San Dle?r>
North Fcrk HumboUit
i
. June
. June
. June
. June
J.Tune
.(June
.lJurie
.UVB*
,!J-.s!y
.i.Iuly
.iJuly
. i July
rJuly
.tJuiy
.!July
.IJ»«!y
¦ iJuly
9 n. 11 amjPler 2
it'. 2 pm Pier
e 27. 2 prn! Pl*r
e !S, 9 am! Pier:
e »*. 12m!PM?-
? 23. 2 pinlPier I
s ±0, 11 am: Pier 1
I 30. 11 am! Pier
»3i>. 1 rmiPilSi
1. 10 am!
• 2. 9 am, Pier
• 2, 2 pmlPier
¦ 2. 11 am; Pi*"-:
r 2 !PMS;
I 3. 10 am!
f 3. 12 mlPler
v 4. 11 am| Pier :
,• i. »«a|Ptei
Steamer. I From.
>u-.
Wa«hten»w ...ITaooma
Willamette ....ISeattle
S«rapis j Hamburg
Curacao jUexlco
Crescent City... Crescent City
_ ;
JJur
.'Jar
JJur
• iJu:
.|Jur
Corona San Die?o
Nippon Mara .. China and Japan
jjoana Australia
State cf Cal Portland „...
Newbnrg iGraya Harbor....
Point Arena I MMid.-.dno
Warfleld Oyster Harbor...
Honita (Newport
Ccqullle Rlver.lOrays Harbor
Robt AdamsonlXanalmo
Orizaba IHumboldt — .....
Arcata !Cooa Bay
Acapulco New York
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget
Zealanrtia Cape Nome
Pcrtlnnd Cape Nome
North Fork IHumboldt
Santa. Rosa ISan Dl?«ro
Tellus Oyster Harbor...
Matteawaa ITacoma
Cocs Bay (Kewport
rSa
:¦>
s>
-.¦>
13
;;>
I
i
l
1
I
t
1
i
a
>
>
)
l
L
I
I
I
I
I
:
t
3
4
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Plfr.
I —
Columbia ..(Portland
Australia ..|HonoIulu
Orizaba jHumholdt
Coos Bay... [Newport
peni i\>tt Tnrt
Eureka ....|Humboldt
Corona iSan Dieso
City FwblaiVic & P«t Sd.
Doric 1 China A Japan
Nome c^y.|Cape Nome....!
Bcnlta | INewport
Pt Arena..! Point Arena..
State of Cal!Pcrt!.in-l
Newburg .. I Grays Harbor
Serapls (Hamburg
Arcata ICoos Hay
Santa Rosa. San Dle?r>
North Fcrk HumboUit
i
. June
. June
. June
. June
J.Tune
.(June
.lJurie
.UVB*
,!J-.s!y
.i.Iuly
.iJuly
. i July
rJuly
.tJuiy
.!July
.IJ»«!y
¦ iJuly
9 n. 11 amjPler 2
it'. 2 pm Pier
e 27. 2 prn! Pl*r
e !S, 9 am! Pier:
e »*. 12m!PM?-
? 23. 2 pinlPier I
s ±0, 11 am: Pier 1
I 30. 11 am! Pier
»3i>. 1 rmiPilSi
1. 10 am!
• 2. 9 am, Pier
• 2, 2 pmlPier
¦ 2. 11 am; Pi*"-:
r 2 !PMS;
I 3. 10 am!
f 3. 12 mlPler
v 4. 11 am| Pier :
,• i. »«a|Ptei
Steamer. I From.
>u-.
Wa«hten»w ...ITaooma
Willamette ....ISeattle
S«rapis j Hamburg
Curacao jUexlco
Crescent City... Crescent City
_ ;
JJur
.'Jar
JJur
• iJu:
.|Jur
Corona San Die?o
Nippon Mara .. China and Japan
jjoana Australia
State cf Cal Portland „...
Newbnrg iGraya Harbor....
Point Arena I MMid.-.dno
Warfleld Oyster Harbor...
Honita (Newport
Ccqullle Rlver.lOrays Harbor
Robt AdamsonlXanalmo
Orizaba IHumboldt — .....
Arcata !Cooa Bay
Acapulco New York
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget
Zealanrtia Cape Nome
Pcrtlnnd Cape Nome
North Fork IHumboldt
Santa. Rosa ISan Dl?«ro
Tellus Oyster Harbor...
Matteawaa ITacoma
Cocs Bay (Kewport
rSa
:¦>
s>
-.¦>
13
;;>
I
i
l
1
I
t
1
i
a
>
>
)
l
L
I
I
I
I
I
:
t
3
4
pi
> 'Tirr.# ixime lime Time
(
I
F
!S
»
1
2
2
I .
Ft. Ft. Ft.
i* w h w z. w n wj
~ B:« 1.0 12:50 4.8 5:181 S.2 11:3!
... «:23 0.8 1:32 6.0 «:11 S.2 .
H W L W HWl L W!
...I O:0S 6.6 7:001 0.4 2:121 5.1 7:04?
O:S7 B.I 7:37! 0.0 2:51! 5.1 8:00'
... 1:45 4.7 8:10 O.«i 3:2S| 5.1 9:0l!
... 2:3J 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:0j| 8.2] 10:(K|
... 3:31 3.7! 9:13 1.5 4:37! 5.1! 11:04!
i
•~T.
3.
Z
I
2
s
fc* NEW LOT.
25 HORSES. DRIVING AND WORK Rnp.wg.
FROM J. B HAGGI.VS RANCH
At salesyard 1733 Market st
CHASE & MEXUE.VHALL 'HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Pascoe. S Jose
Miss Lerfest, S Jose
R Harklnson, Antloch
J C Leopold. Sacto
L Shields, City of Mex
"W L, Norrls. S Mateo
E C Johnson. Portland
II Goodenoujh, S Rosa
S Hyman, Cal
J Gardiner, Pt Vesta
Mrs C II la Boyteaux.
Tacoma
Verona la Boyteaux.
Tacoma ¦
Miss Evans, ETireka
E Hawley & w. Idaho
C W Hodson. Portland
II A Jastro. Bakersfld
T P Fetch, Eureka
J Williams. L Anjr
H H Bell, Cal
M E Dal ley. S Jose
O Berg. Panoche
F F Davis. L Ane
B Dickinson, Cal
G Stevenson. N Dak
F Wehman, N Y !
II Greaves, Phlla
C T Reserve, 8 Clara
R W Vanderlln. Sacto
J M Mason, Chicago
G O Towle, Towle
J L. Walsh, P Robles
C Bedford. Fresno
A Shepherd. Fresno
1! Hunt. Jackson
I) S Fish. Cal
Dr H McCubben. Cal
Miss Daniels. Livermr
Dr C A Rueeles. Ptkn
K A Hundley, StocktOD
S L. Hocue, Fresno
E C Hart. Sacto
\V M Lowell. Sacto
J C Kills. Dayton
R H Hussey, B&kersfM
Dr P E Jenkins. Balto
V>t C J Rowan. Chicag
F Harrinsrton. L Ang
F" Lyman. Sacto
D C Clark. 8 Cruz
Mrs Lindsay. Cal
Mrs Carsin, Cal
J L Wrleht, S Crua
J Ball, Ben Lomond
D W Johnston, S Cruz
G A Buell. Stockton
R Lawsen. Stockton
C M Hartley, Vacavl
I>r C L McCracken. w
& c, Pescadero
Mrs A Owen. Toronto
E D Turner. Cal
R Wood &. w. Ala
F I.. Kins. Salt Leks
PALACE HOTEL.
TV R Wooden, Los An
F D Bates, San Mateo
E H KIttredge. Oakld
FA Bell & w, 8eattle
A J Johnston, N Y
Mr and Mrs K MLund
berg Point Loma
Dr R W Hall. Los An
W G Hunt Los Ang
Henry T Gage. L Ang
H H Lay. Westtteld
A Pollack. Chicago
Mr and Mrs W RRow
land, Los Angeles
Miss Rowland, It Ancr
Miss - XelUA Rowland.
Ixis Angeles •
W A Wilson, S Lake
C G Griffith, NY
Miss Griffith. N ¥
G Pach & w. N Y
WnA Pach, N T
C Davles, Honolulu
F Spranjcer, Detroit
D Westwater, Ohio
Mr and Mra L A Phil
llPF, N r
W Brode. Lake Bohma
O L Paine. Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
G H Bartlett. S Jose
C M Crawford, Fresno
Mrs H C Flnney, Sulsn
Miss I Flnney. Suleun
T MeaRher. Stockton
O Wilson, Rio Vista
W Hallahan & w, Cal
J J Gard. Kelneyvllle
J L Ross, Modesto
H Maxwell, Los Ang
J D Smith. Uklah
M Daly.'Colfax
C Anderson, Gilroy
A L Cook. Chicago
Store Burned Down.
MODESTO. June 26.— Early this morning
tho store at Rlverbank station, on the line
of the Valley railway. In Stanislaus Coun
ty, was totally destroyed by fire. The loss
Is $4000, partially insured. The cause of
the fire is unknown. A large field of ripe
barley near by had a narrow escape from
burning.
Plague Deaths at Rio.
RIO DE JANEIRO, June 26.—Twenty
five new cases of bubonic plague were of
ficially reported to-day. There have been
twelve deaths from the disease this week.
BARBER'S CHAIR
AS JUDGE'S BENCH
MILES, June 26.— Justice of
the Peace Richmond of
Alvarado dispensed justice
to-day from a barber's
chair in a local tonsoiialist's shop.
This unusual procedure w'as nec
essary because the town of Nlles
cannot boast of a court, and the
tonsorial establishment was the
most convenient place in which to
listen to the pleadings of the liti
gants. The; latter happened to.be
two Portuguese, who had fought
over the alleged trespasses of i a
large goat.
Several days ago Joe Ramos and
Mary Furtado, who are neighbors
"and who up to a short time ago
were friends, met at the fence
which divides . their respective
lands. In the row that followed
over the goat In question some
harsh language was used, and Ra
mos was arrested on a charge of
disturbing the peace.
The nearest Justice was Judge
Richmond of Alvarado, and he
was sent for. Looking around on
his arrival this morning he could
find no suitable hall, and finally
struck upon the local barber shop
as a' convenient temple of justice.
Taking up his judicial position on
the center revolving chair of the
shop. Justice Richmond opened
court. Witnesses were called and
examined and everything went
smoothly, except when the ad
justable chair attempted a few
gyrations on its own account.
The only persons 'who were
heard to complain were the sev
eral men who came In to be
shaved and nearly lost their ears
when the proprietor of the shop
became engrossed in the weighty
legal opinions from the judicial
occupant of his center chair.
The testimony in the . case was
bo contradictory that - Justice
Richmond could see nothing to do
but allow Ramos his liberty.
Entertained by Trainmen.
OAKLAND. June 26.— W. G. Lean, grand
first vice president of the Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen, was the guest last
evening of the local lodge of trainmen.
NEW HALL COMPLETED.
PACIFIC GROVE. June 26.— Tho new
assembly hall in this city is complete ex
cept a few details in the interior decora
tions, and will be formally opened on July
S next. It Is designed to meet the needs
of the various State and Interstate con
ventions that are held in this city during
the summer months, and will b« used
chiefly as a convention and concert halL
It has a seating capacity of 2000.
Fire at Santa Cruz Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, June 26.— Fire started in
the Santa Cruz Hotel to-night at 6:30
o'clock. The: roof was destroyed and tho
whole building deluged with water, caus
ing much damage. It is ono of the ol.l
landmarks and narrowly escaped destruc
tion.
Coal-Miner's Fatal Fall.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Alexander Nelson,
33 years old. a laborer, died at the Coun
ty Infirmary to-night from a fractured
skull. He was working In the Tesla coal
mines and fell forty feet down a shaft.
He was brought to the hospital last night
from Livermore.
Death of J. N. Patton.
ALAMEDA, June 26. — Jasper Newton
Patton. secretary of the Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company, died last even
ing at the home of his son. Charles Pat
ton 1119 Union street. Death was due to
heart trouble. Deceased was a native of
Ohio aged 65 years and 7 months. He
leaves a wife, Mrs. Sophie Patton. and
one son. His home was at 505 Cole street.
San Francisco, whence he was removed
two weeks ago for the benefit of his
health.
FROST IS RECAPTURED.
Evening.
Broke Jail at Oroville Last Sunday
BIGGS. Cal., June 26. — After an exciting
chase to-day Deputy Constable Williams
captured "Chic" Frost, better known as
"Kanaka Tom." who with William
Spangler broke out of jail at Orovllle last
Sunday night. \Vhen the deputy sheriff
attempted to handcuff him he made a
desperate fight, badly biting a citizen who
was assisting the ofllcer. He has been re
turned to jail and will now have to an
swer for breaking jail.
Youthful Thief Arrested.
j SAN RAFAEL, June 26.— Manuel Mor
ris, a boy 10 years of age, is under arrest
upon two charges of petty larceny. D. W.
Martin accused the boy of having stolen
a variety of articles, including the nozzle
from a nose and some hens' eggs. Hugh
Cassldy declares that young Morris stole
milk. The Morris children furnish a
strong example of youthful depravity.
Last September the boy was arrested and
fined $10 for stealing. On May 22 Maggie
Morris, his sister, was convicted of hav
ing torn a gold necklace from the neck of
a companion. About a year ago another
sister, aged but 15 years, was arrested for
larceny.
The parents of the children are Portu
guese and are hard-working people.
m
To Receive a Warship.
SAN DIEGO, Jane 26.— The Mayor has
telegraphed the Secretary of State at
Washington In reply to the letters giving
notification of the coming here of the Ger
man cruiser Gelr about the 27th lnst., ad
vising that the Ranger be detained here
and two more warships be cent here to
assist In the reception of the German
warship.
Bank Stockholders Sued.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, June 26.— The Union Savings
Bank to-day began suits against twenty
four stockholders to collect the $10 per
share assessment levied nearly a year ago
In order to liquidate tho Indebtedness due
the depositors.
Grizzly Peak Railway.
BERKELEY, June 26.— Several Eastern
and local capitalists, among them Baron
Alfred Barotau of Alameda and Dr. Wil
liam Real de Kraft of San Francisco,
have been inspecting the Scenic Tract
with a view of inaugurating a new elec
tric railway. It is proposed to build tho
road to Grizzly Peak something along the
lines of that which has Mount Tamalpais
as its terminal. Property owners along
the road will be accommodated as well as
the tourist.
A largo amount of money will be re
quired, but the travel will doubtless com
pensate for the outlay. A local agent has
been appointed who will take charge of
the Berkeley end of the project.
Board of Trade Broker Relieved of
S55,OOO Worth of Stocks and
Bonds by Pickpockets.
CHICAGO, June 26.— H. K- Duffleld. a
P-oard of Trade broker, ¦was robbed of
$55,000 to-day while riding on a Cottage
Grove avenue cable car. The sum was
In bonds, mining stock and deeds which
Mr. Duffield was taking to the bank. The
robbery is credited to professional pick
pockets, who, it is bf-lieved. have been
watching Board of Trade men credited
with making heavy profits on the big
bulge in wheat. Mr. Dufiield could give
the police no clew.
MAY END THE STRIKE.
Chicago Bricklayers' Union With
dravrs From Trades Council.
CHICAGO, June 27.— At 2:15 o'clock this
morning the Bricklayers' Union withdrew
from the Building Trades Council. It Is
paid this marks the practical ending of the
strike that has been In progress for
months, tying up building operations in
Chicago.
The Baltimore at Suez.
SUEZ, June 26.— The United States
cruiser Baltimore, with Rear Admiral
Watson on board, en route for home, has
arrived here.
Given a New Hearing on the Charge
of Having Murdered Mrs.
Mary Perez.
Epecial D'.Fpatch to The Call.
SALINAS, June 26.— Joseph Cole, who
over three years ago ¦was accused of mur
der, Is again on trial for his life. On May
16, 1S37, what was then characterized as a
revolting and fiendish crime was commit
ted near Castroville. about ten miles from
here, and Cole was charged with the
crime, the victim being his sister-in-law.
Mrs. Mary Pt-rez. The case came to trial
and a great many witnesses were exam
ined. The testimony developed the fact
that Cole and his supposed victim went
Xcr a buggy ride at night. Both became
intoxicated, and when Cole finally re
turned at 2 o'clock in the morning the
Perez woman was dead by his side. Cole
Ti-as accused by his wife with murder. He
Etoutly denied the accusation, claiming
Mrs. Perez had died from the effects of
crink. He was arrestc-d the next day.
As the result of the trial the defendant
•was F^nt^ncfd to life imprisonment. He
wns tancn to San Quentin. The case was
appealed and a new trial granted. The
<-n«nce for acquittal appears to be very
e light.
?
ROBBED OF THOUSANDS
WHILE ON A STREET CAR
JOSEPH COLE AGAIN IS
ON TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Isaac Marx Arrested in Los Angeles
on the Charg-e of Carrying Con
cealed Weapon.
LOS ANGELES, June 2R.— Isaac Marx,
who has been In the City Jail for more
than a week awaiting trial on the charge
of carrying a concealed weapon, is a more
interesting prisoner than the police at first
divined. According to Marx's own state
ment and from letters found in his pockets
he is a brother of one of the leading mer
chants of Chicago. The firm of Hart,
Schaeffner & Marx Is one of the largest
clothing firms in the country, and the
prisoner in the City Jail is a brother of
the junior partner of this house.
Yesterday the Chief of Police here be
came convinced that his prisoner is par
tially demented, and so telegraphed to the
brother in Chicago. To-day he received
a telegraphic order for $T>0. with a request
for particulars and a statement of what
further funds are necessary.
BEGINS FRIENDLY STJTT.
A. W. Gable Seeks to Establish His
Right as Partner in His Broth
er's Estate.
WOODLAND. June 26. -H. C. Gable has
brought suit in the Superior Court to es
tablish his right, title and interest as full
partner to the estate of Amos W. Gable,
deceased, valued at $100,000. The suit 19
an amicable one. Though for over thirty
years the plaintiff and deceased were gen
erally known as partners and transacted
business under the firm name of Gable
Brothers, there never was as much as a
written line between them to that effect.
The estate consists of thousands of acres
in this county, land in Shasta County and
shares in the Bank of Yolo.
POWERS TJNDER ARREST.
Charged With Complicity in the
Goebel Murder.
LOUISVILLE. June 26.— A special from
Harlan Court House. Ky., says: Captain
John L. Powers was arrested here. to-day,
charged with being an accessory . to the
murder of Governor Goebel. Powers at
once instituted habeas corpus proceed
ings. He holds a pardon issued by Gov
ernor Taylor while in office and was re
leased once before on habeas corpus pro
ceedings in Knox County. He is a brother
of Secretary of State Caleb Powers.
LADY SOMERSET RE-ELECTED.
Again to Preside Over World's Wom
en's Christian Temperance.
EDINBURGH, June 26.— The World's
Women's Christian Temperance Union
Congress re-elected to-day the president,
Lady Henry Somerset, and the other o!li
cials. Mrs. L. M. N. Stevens of Maine
was elected additional vice president. The
congress heartily approved the action of
the Women's Christian Temperance Union
of America relative to the temple In Chi
cago, and a greeting was cabled to the
two mothers of the crusade movement.
Mrs. Stewart of Springfield, Ohio, and
Mrs. Thomson of Willsboro, Ohio.
Catholic Sectors Assemble.
PHILADELPHIA, June 2S.-Leadlng
Roman Catholic rectors an«l professors of
diocesan seminaries convened here to-day.
The sessions will continue four days, and
the announced purpose of the convention
is to compare notes as to the most ef
fective method of arranging the curricu
lum nnd of managing seminary affairs
generally.
Fosse Ordered Discharg-ed.
ST. LOUIS. June 26.— Sheriff Pohlman
was ordered to-day by the police board
to discharge the posse comltatus forth
with, as it is regarded as being no longer
necessary to keep an armed body of men
to preserve the peace. J
Descendant of King Charles IV of
Spain Fares Poorly in Suing
a Newspaper.
LONDON, June 26.— An interesting libel
suit which has been on trial in the court
of I^ord Russell of Klllowen, the Lord
Chief Justice, resulted to-day in Prince
Charles de Loose of Corswaren, the heir
presumptive of one of the leading fami
lies of the Continent and a direct descend
ant of the Spanish King Charles IV, get
ting a farthing damages against a news
paper which had included him among a
list of alleged convicts wearing ©oronets.
The paper referred to, one of Wr George
Newnes' publications, said that among 2'>,-
KX) aristocrats occupying European prison
cells was De Loose. The latter sued for
£M«0 damages. Sir George Newnes paid
40 shillings into court as sufficient to com
pensate the Prince for any damage done
to his character, claiming that if tho
Prince was not in prison he at least had
been convicted of swindling lodging-house
keepers in Paris on the false pretense
that he was about to marry the wealthy
Princf-ss Demidoff.
Police officers from Scotland Tard testi
fied that De Loose had a bad reputation
as a Continental swindler and that he was
guilty of abominable practices.
BROTHER OF PROMINENT
MERCHANT HELD IN JAIL
ONE FARTHING DAMAGES
FOR PRINCE DE LOOSE
OAKLAND, June 26.— After two years
of waiting Katherine Kucks, daughter of
Charles H. Kucks of this city, and John
Montgomery have been married. The
wedding occurred at Portland, Or. It fot
lows upon a chain of Incidents which gavij
the courtship a decidedly exciting tinge.
Miss Kucka, Montgomery and his then
wife, Mrs. Jennie Montgomery, had a
three-cornered fight in a Market Btreet
restaurant two years ago. The morr.insj
following Mrs. Montgomery, according to
her husband, threw carbolic add Into her
husband's eyes and nearly blinded him.
In October of last year Mrs. Montgomery
was granted a divorce on the itruir.il of
cruelty. Now cornea the announcement of
the marriage, which had been delayed. It
Is said, mainly because of the Kucks' op
position to the union. But It is declared
now that the family objections had been
withdrawn before the ceremony took
place. Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery are
making- a tour of Oregon and Washing
ton. They will return to Oakland to re
side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 25.— Walter Wat
son, the alleged footpad and highwayman,
was to-day for the third time bound ever
to appear before the Superior Court to be
tried for highway robbery. His partner
In this instance Is Charles Jlllson, who
also was remanded into the custody of the
Sheriff pending his trial.
The Identification of Watson Is complete,
as a half-dozen witnesses picked the sus
pect from among the persons In attend
ance at the examination. Watson Is held
for an attempt to murder Special Officer
A. R. Copeland on the night of March 3L.
Watson cannot be admitted to bail owing
to the charge of murder that la pending.
KATHERINE KUCKS WEDS
JOHN MONTGOMERY
LOS ANGELES FOOTPAD
IS HELD FOR TRIAL
OAKLAND, Juno 26.— Assessor Henry
P. Dalton refuses absolutely to discuss
the challenges made by Grand Juror Ira
M. Wentworth in his open letter to the
public.
"I refuse to discuss Mr. Wentworth or
his letter," said the Assessor to-day. "He
(s too small game to reply to and I have
lot a word to say."
The Enquirer, which is the organ of the
Assessor, was very quiet about the mat
ter this evening. There was only a small
editorial paragraph, in which Wentworth
was alluded to as an "eccentric juror."
DALTON WILL NOT DISCUSS
WENTWORTH'S CHALLENGE
Falls Forty Feet From a Banister
"Without Even Breaking a
Bone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 26,— Harry Dodson, the
10-year-old son of Mrs. A. E. Dodson, had
a miraculous escape from death this aft
ernoon. The boy was playing on the ban
isters and slipped and fell from the fourth
to the second floor. He struck the banis
ter on tho third floor and bounded off like
a rubber ball. The distance he fell is
about forty feet. His screams aroused
the occupants of the building. His face
was terribly cut and bruised, but no bones
were broken. The chances of his recov
ery are good.
« .
DE YOUNGS ENTERTAIN.
Unique Outing of a Party of Ameri
cans at Paris..
PARIS, June 2C— The National Commis
sioners to the Paris Exposition, with
their famines, the California State Com
missioners, many other Callfornlans and
a number of Invited guests— a party of
ICO m all— had a unique outing to-day as
the quests of Mr. and Mrs. Michel H.
de Young of San Francisco.
They were taken by Bpeclal train to a
popular resort about eight miles from
Paris, where the dining-rooms are located
In the tops of trees and overlooking the
valley. Luncheon was served and the re
mainder of the afternoon was spent in
dancing and merry-making, the party re
turning to Paris in the evenlnir.
Native Sons Elect Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. June 26.— Tamalpais
Parlor, N. S. G. W. t held Its annual elec
tion last night and the following officers
were elected to serve for the ensuing year.
Past president, Emmett Hayden; presi
dent. Charles Dufficy; first vice president,
Daniel Haley; second vice president, E. J.
Connell; third vice president, Harry Hock:
recording secretary, William Magee; fin
ancial secretary, George Murry; treasur
er, Albert Boyen; marshal, Stephen Rich
ardeon: aid to the marshal, Louis
Hughes; trustee, Louis Smith.
Ends His Life While Despondent.
SEATTLE, June 26.— C. H. Bryan of Ban
Francisco, committed, suicide because of
despondency on the steamer Ohio while en
route to Dutch Harbor.
Enthusiastic Meeting at San Jose
Results in Execution of
Agreement.
SAN JOSE, June 26.— The California
Packers' Company held an enthusiastic
meeting in Hale's Hall to-day and ar
ranged with the California Cured Fruit
Association, the prune men's combine, for
handling the coming crop. The agreement
made some time ago with the Cured Fruit
Association was discussed and modified.
In the agreement executed between the
packers and the association modifications
are made which leave the percentage of
crop handled and fixing of prices in th«
hands of the association directors. A
change' consists of reducing tho bonus
from $3 a ton to $3 a ton on the domestic
trade and the doing away entirely with
the bonus on foreign exports.
BOY'S REMARKABLE
ESCAPE FROM DEATH
Within Two Feet of the Point Beached
in the Disastrous Floods
of 1894.
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 26.— The Fra
ser River Is still rising with unparalleled
rapidity at practically all points from the
delta to Ashcroft, to-day's reports Indi
cating considerably higher water than is
usually found at this season, even with a
sudden passing of the winter's snow.
The river is now within two feet of the
point reached in the disastrous floods of
1S34. The Chilliwac dyke will probably be
swept away and a large tract of fertile
country flooded.
All the streams throughout Cariboo are
pourlr.g into the valley of the Fraser.
Roads, bridsc-s and trails have been oblit
erated. All bridges are -out on the road
from Lillooet to the Bridge River mines,
nl«o on the Golden Cache road. Tho dam
age to property will be large.
PACKERS ARRANGE FOR
ENTIRE FRUIT CROP
Taking of the Testimony Completed
and but One More Address to
Be Made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 26.— The taklngf of tes
timony in the trial of Wong Kong,
charged with the abduction of Kim Quey,
came to an abrupt close this morning.
When court opened to-day Attorney D.
M. Delmas announced that the prosecu
tion had closed Its case.
B. A. Herrlngton, attorney for Wong
Fong. stated he had no testimony to offer
for the defense and offered to submit the
case without argument.
The prosecution refused to a submlttal
of the case without argument, and Dis
trict Attorney Campbell made the open
ing address for the people.
Attorney Herrlngton followed. He
claimed it was simply a characteristic
Chinese elopement and marriage, and the
crime of abduction had not been com
mitted.
D. M. Delmas will make the closinp
statement to the Jury to-morrow morn
ing, and the case will be given to that
body to-morrow afternoon.
FRASER RIVER IS
STILL RAPIDLY RISING
KIM QUEY CASE SOON
TO GO TO THE JURY
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WASHINGTON*. June 26.— The Secretary of
the Treasury will issue his third call on de
pository banks for $5,000,000 held by them as de
posits. The money Is to be returned to the
Treasury July 16.
WASHINGTON". June 28.— The President has
slened the commission, of Joseph M. Oats as
postmaster at Honolulu. The commission had
previously, through an error, been made la
the name of John M. Oats, the brother of the
present appointee.
PHILADELPHIA. June 26.— Seventy-one mil
lion sliver dollars have been transferred from
the old Mint on Chestnut street to the new.
Mint at Sixteenth and Spring Garden streets.
The silver vaults at the new Mint have a ca
pacity of 110.000.000 silver dollars.
DETROIT.^Mlch., June 26.— The twenty-first
annual meeting of the International Hahne
mannian Association began here to-day with
fifty members present. This society Includes
the radical homeopathlsts who follow the
teachings of Hahnemann to the letter.
CHICAGO, June 26.— Judge Hennessy to-day
overruled a motion for a new trial In the case
of Goll vs. the Metropolitan Elevated Railway
and entered a Judgment for J775O against the
road in favor of Mrs. Goll. who alleges that the
road has lessened the value of . her adjacent
property.
NEW YORK, June J&— The forty-ninth gen
eral session of the American Association for
the Advancement of Science was continued to
day in Havemeyer Hall, Columbia University,
and at the same time the annual meetings of
several of the Blxteen allied scientific organiza
tions were In progress in the various build-
Ings within the college grounds.
. HAVANA. June 26.— The yellow fever situa
tion at Quemados shows much Improvement.
There hove only been four deaths, two of
which were Americans, Including Major Frank
II. Edmunds, acting inspector general of the
staff of General Fitzhugh Lee. who died June
18. General Lee refuses to leave his headquar
ters, though he has given permission to his
staff If they desire to do, so.
pointing toward Its extraordinary desire
for haste, the speculation aroused con
cerning its motives can be set at rest.
Without jeopardizing and practically an
nihilating their case, the sellers of water
are bound to keep hands off consumers
until a decision can be reached.
rsefore the Supreme Court yesterday At
torney McCutcheon for the water com
pany made no secret of his effort to push
the suit. In his argument upon the ques
tion of Judge Hart's eligibility the attor
ney dcclartd that he was most anxious to
get to trial before July 1. He wanted the
case out of the way so that his clients
could collect revenue, which they certain
ly cannot touch during the litigation :is it
now stands. With the new rates in effect
the company will be unable to collect upon
any other basis unless the decision shall
invalidate these figures. There Is nothing
more desired by Special Counsel Hayne
than that the company shall make one
single collection under the new rates. He
would invite such a move.
A further difficulty which confronts the
water company at this stage of the litiga
tion is its apparent fear of summary ac
tion on the part of the city should an at
tempt h<- madv to eotiest revenue upon any
rates at all. Th«?rt is a distinot provision
in the central law of the State which pro
vides for the forfeiture of the franoliis'?
and the confiscation of the works of any
corporation which shall collect rates in
f xcf-5? of those fixed by law. It is inferred
from the complaint of the company that
som<? action in contemplation of this law
is feared, because the corporation has
charged that threats have been made that
an attempt will be made tn forfeit the
franchise. This • could only be done
through xho Attorney General of the State.
Attorney McCutcheon has declared that
he would try to enjoin the city from so
moving. On the other hand, the city's
counsel deny that any such move Is con
templated.
Tho situation Is such that it will be un
necessary for the city to act. The rates
•which po into effect on July 1 are legal
until otherwise declared by the courts,
t'pon thf-se rates the water company can
collect, but it has seen fit to attack them,
and thos is unable to collect without
smashing its charges into fragments.
The city has as=k»»<i for a reasonable time
in which to properly prepare to meet this
aitack. The corporation responds with its
remarkable rush.
OAKLAND. June 26.— The extraor
dinary zeal manifested by the
Contra Costa Water Company in its
efforts to force its attack upon the
water rates to trial has been In marked
contrast to the usual methods or corpora
linns In litigation. In nine cases out ol
ten in the courts where a great corpora
sion is a rarty the records indicate that
t-lothfulness is a marked characteristic of
its legal movements. The surprising
speed Jn this particular case has then?
fore been the subject of marked comment
by the cltlzerr% of Oakland, who are
watching, in common with the State at
largo, the fight which is on.
The reason for the water combine's ex
traordinary efforts to force a trial is
purely a financial one. The company has
by its own 'acts placed itself in a position
to be unable to collect one dollar of reve
nue from the water consumers of thi.,
city until this litigation shall be con
cluded. Should Jt attempt to enforce pay
ments upon the rates which go into effect
on July 1 the company would make the
admission that its own complaint in the
attack was false, for therein is contained
the charge that these rates were unlaw
fully tfxed.
This situation is a serious one for the
company and involves eerious conse-
Quenei's for it ties up a great revenue anJ
leaves the corporation without a chance
to collect a penny from either municipal
or private consumers. .
The attorneys for the water company
opened their fight just as soon a-<= Judge
Hart of Sacramento stepped upon the
¦bench to compel an immediate trial. They
huftled and battled. In the face of the
plain rules of the Alameda County Su
perior Court and In the absence of the
City Attorney, who is associated in the
trial with Robert Y. Hayne, special coun
sel for the city, the water company's at
torneys demanded that the trial be at
once set. They were met by the strong
legal objections of Mr. Hayne and further
they were confronted by a counter de
mand for the company's books, a demand
which Judge Hart has once denied and
novr holds under a second motion' for de
cision.
With every move of the water company
Efforts of Corporation to Rush Trial Explained
by the Financial Difficulties Which
Are Involved.
Water Company's Revenue Tied
Up During Contest About
CANNOT COLLECT
ON THESE RATES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, June 26.— Little Willie Clerk.
a boy about 6 years of age and the son ot
Mrs. E. M. Clark, was drowned in tho
Salinas River yesterday.
Early In the afternoon Willie, In com
pany with his brother, aged 7, and his
cousin, aged S years, the son of Mr. LaU.
left the house to go to the river to flsh
after having been admonished by their
grandmother to avoid the many deep
holes which abound in the river at that
point. The children contented themselves
with fishing and wading until about 4:30
o'clock. When they started to return
home and Willie, becoming thirsty, knelt
down to get a drink. It was a fatal move,
for the little fellow lost his balance and
slid into the water, which was sixteen
feet deep. One of the boys attempted to
to save the lad and as a result nearly lost
his own life. Another ran for assistance
to their home. The scene of the sad ac
cident was three-quarters of a mile from
the ranch.
An uncle went to the place to recover
the body. The water was so deep,
however, that he could not reach the body
by diving and a boat had to be procured
and the body recovered with grappling
hooks. Coroner Muller was notified of
the death of the child, but did not deem
that an Inquest ¦was necessary as no fur
ther facts than the above could be estab
lished.
Youthful Companion Very Nearly
Loses His Own Life in At
tempting to Save the
Drowning Boy.
Sad Death of Willie Clark,
the Five-Year-Old Son
• of Mrs. E. M. Clark.
CHILD DROWNED
WHILE FISHING
ON THE SALINAS
The Alleged Incompetent Resents the
Attempt to Show That He Can- V .
not Manage His Own
Affairs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 26.
When the application of Horace W.
Philbrook to te appointed guardian of
James P. Merrltt, who, he says, is In
competent, was called for hearing before
Judge Ogden this morning, Attorney Nus
baumer, representing Merrltt, moved that
the case, be continued until Judge Ells
worth returns from his vacation and can
take it up.
"We believe that Judge Ellsworth is
more familiar with the matter," said Nus
baumer, "and as the application for
guardianship of the Merrltt children
comes up on July 10, both cases could be
tieard at the same time."
It was at this point that Attorney Nus
baumer took occasion to attack Horace
VV. Philbrcok, the applicant for guardian
ship papers, and his remarks so aroused
the ire of his opponent that Judge Ogden
was compelled to Interpose.
"This action of Horace W. Phllbiook,"
said Nusbaumer, continuing with his mo
tion for a continuance, "against his for
mer client, arises out of spite and malice."
Here Philbrook made an objection, but
Nusbaumer continued to talk.
"I think," he said, "that as Judge Ells
worth heard the divorce case of the de
fendant and his wife, he is the proper
Judge to sit In this case."
"1 object to the remarks just made by
Mr. Nusbaumer," j interrupted Philbrook.
"If counsel wishes «to speak on what Is
of record let him keep to the records. If
he Is going outside of them, let him make
proper affidavits of what he says and
offer the proper proof. I object to such
scandalous statements. They are entirely
unprofessional."
At this Juncture the argument became
so heated that a personal encounter was
looked for. In reply to Philbrook's ac
cusation of unprofessionalism, Nusbaumer
retorted with considerable warmth:
"It is not necessary for me to resent
any remarks coming from this 'thing.' "
As Philbrook was about to reply to the
sarcastic remarks of his adversary. Judge
Ogden called for order saying:
"Gentlemen, I will not allow any such
remarks to be made in this court. It is
a violation of legal ethics which I will not
permit and does not show proper respect
to the court."
"I will not stand such remarks from
any one," said Attorney Nusbaumer,
"no matter who he may be. I beg to
apologize to your Honor for any breach of
ethics."
Continuing with his original motion, At
torney Nusbaumer said:
"I deny that James P. Merrltt is In
competent or that Philbrook has any right
to petition to be appointed his guardian.
I will show that the applicant is insol
vent and that his true motive in appear
ing in his present position is b. vicious
one. I will show that he Is not a fit or
proper person to have the guardianship
or even make the application."
¦ "I suppose that is Mr. Nusbaumer's
oral answer to my application," said Phil
brook. "It might more properly be called
a tirade. What counsel has said about
me in this matter is entirely without
foundation. I am willing to have this ap
plication heard before any Judge of the
Superior Court, but I wish first to Intro
duce some testimony. If this matter is
continued until July 10, as suggested, it
Is impossible for me to say what damage
would result. My petition alleges that
Merrltt is being stripped of his property
and I would like to take the testimony of
a few witnesses before this mattfcr goes
over."
At this point Attorney A. L. Frick. as
sociated with Emil Nusbaumer, objected
to the Introduction of testimony as such
a course would' enable Philbrook to file
amended papers to conform with the evi
dence adduced.
"What Mr. Frick- says is not true,"
sharply answered Philbrook. fin this
matter I am proceeding against danger
ous and cunning men and it Is necessary
that certain testimony be taken."
Judge Ogden stopped further quibbling
by postponing the hearing until July 10
lie denied Horace Philbrook's motion to
assess the costs of the action against
James P. Merritt on the ground that it
bad not been shown that he was incom
petent.
Attorney for James P. Mer
ritt Calls Would -Be
Guardian a "Thing."
WORDY BATTLE
OF NUSBAUMER
AND PHILBROOK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RICHMOND, Va., June 26.— Professor A.
M. Hughlett, formerly of Randolph Macon
Academy, at Bedford City, who myste
riously disappeared about a year ago. Is
on his way home from San Francisco. Mr.
Hughlett left home mysteriously on June
19, 1S9S, and for a time no one knew
whither he had gone.
The board of the academy and all those
connecltd with it had the highest confi
dence in Professor Hughlett. Year after
year the institution was managed with In
finite cere. Nobody yet knows— possibly
Hughlett does not know himself — how he
got behind in his accounts or whether it
was a ca.se of bad management, bad In
vestment, false friends, poor bookkeeping
rr what. He had never lived extravagant
ly, and, so far as anybody knew or knows,
had no bad habits. It seems established
now beyond question that he had no pui
pose to defraud or wrong anybody.
At the close of the session of 1897-93 he
was 510,000 short and was unable to make
the amount good. Then he disappeaiol,
nnd all kinds of theories were suggested.
Some persons contended that he was de
mented and others that he had commit 1 ed
suicide. His father-in-law promptly paid
the amount of the seeming shortage.
Intelligence has just been received here
that 3Ir. Hughlett was In San Francisco
and Is on his way here. He has raadj
enough while in the city of the Golden
Gate to pay up all of his Indebtedness.
A. M. HugMett Earns in California
Enough Money to Meet His
Shortage at Randolph
Macon Academy.
Missing Virginia Professor
Writes Home From San
Francisco.
KEPT IN HIDING
TILL HE COULD
MAKE AMENDS
OAKLAND. June 26.— In recognition
of his fidelity and bravery In sav
ing from disaster a tralntoad of
passengers In a wreck on the Ala
meda narrow gauge road Engineer Asa
T. French has received distinguished and
extraordinary honors from the Scottish
Rite Consistory of Free Masonry. For the
first time in the history of the Scottish j
Rite on the Pacific Coast the peculiar dis- j
tlnction of the full consistory degree ha3
been conferred upon Engineer French as !
an honorarium. The Masonic Veterans' j
Association of the Pacific Coast has also j
given recognition to the act of devotion J
to duty by making the faithful engineer ;
a member of that organization.
In celebration pt this extraordinary!
event the Scottish Rite of Oakland held a
united meeting last right, at which lur- j
ther were conferred upon En- |
gineer French. In behalf of the consis- !
tory he was presented with a thirty- j
second degree jewel, magnificently stud- '[
ded with diamonds. The presentation i
was made by Master C. L. J. WJ Pierco j
and the thirty-second lecture was deliv
ered by F. H. E. O'Donnell.
The recipient made a response and was
much overcome, the affair having been a.
complete surprise to him.
In the official record of the conferring
of the high degree upon Engineer French
the following tribute to him Is entered:
For manly courage and devotion to duty In
remaining at his post as a locomotive engineer
in the midst of danger and fatal catastrophe j
In the overturning of the engine through |
faulty construction of the rallroail to the Ala- i
meda Mole, and by fidelity to h!s post nt the <
risk of his own life in which he puftere-rbodily j
injury, he managed to prevent fatal <i I ouster j
to the passenjssra aboard his train. Though
Ms fireman -was nearly killed beneath the
wrecked locomotive, by Brother French's care
fulness and self-sacrifice the lives of his pa?3-
Distinction Conferred Because of Brave Act
by Which Trainload of Passengers Were
Saved From Disaster.
enters ¦were preserved and they escaped all
harm.
The act which called forth the enco
miums was in connection with the wreck
of the Alameda train on May 14. The en
gine Jumped the track near a curve on the
narrow gauge lino Into Alami-di at the
roundhouse. French stayed at his post
and was badly hurt by the failure of his
reverse lever to catch through the pound
ing and jerking of the engine over the
ties. He succeeded In stopping the train,
but went down with the engine when It
overturned. The five carloads of passen
pers were saved. His fireman. George El
liott, had hi3 skull fractured, but recov
ered.
French has been a locomotive engineer
since 1S37. He Is M years of ajre and has
been In the Southern Pacific employ for
twenty-five years. Before coming to Cali
fornia he was employed on many Eastern
and Western railroads. He Is a veteran of
the civil war, having served for four years
In the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers.
One of French's most conspicuous acts
of bravery was his work In saving a plcnio
train carrying 500 people at Bodle several
years asro from being rolled dnwn a steep
and high embnnkment through the care
lessness of another engineer. French had
an engine on the roar end of the train.
The engineer on the forward locomotive
was drunk. At a dangerous curve the
train was all but pitched off the track,
when French by skill and cool ¦work held
it with his engine. He received a tre
mendous receptldn from tha citizens of
Bodie for his courage.
French -was made a Master Mason of
Oakland Ledge No. 188 In 1S90. In 1S96 he
received the fourteenth degree in Oak
land Lodge No. 2. Scottish Rite. The
lodges which tcok part In his elevation
¦were as follows: Gthsemane Chanter No.
2. Rose Croix; De Molay Council No. 2,
Kadosh; Oakland Consistory No. 2. Scot
tish Rite.
Knglneer French resides at 1107 Mound
street. Alameda. He is married and has
thirteen children.
Asa T. French Receives Full Con
sistory Degree as Honorarium
From Fellow Masons.
HEROIC ENGINEER
HIGHLY HONORED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JUNE 27, 190O.
9
OCEAN TBAVEL.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
• Will Dispatch for
INO7VYE,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Pajaen.
ger Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST t.
For Passenger and Freight Rate* Apply to
KIMBALX. STEAMSHIP CO..
2J0 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Flr»t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKOSG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hcngkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf satltns-
BS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. Jnty 10. U00
83. AMERICA MARU «
Friday, August 3. 1X9
ES. HONGKONG MARU
'Wednesday. August 23
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
til Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agant.
COXPAGNIB G2SE3ALS TRANSATLAHTIQITE.
DIHECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. am .
Eaitinsf every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 133». at '-**^'#«e#>'
13 a. m., from Pier *J. North River, foot at
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. Jane M; LA
TOURAINE. July 5: LA LORRAINE. July 11;
LA BRETAGNE. July 19. First class to Havre.
|S2 E0 upward. Soccrd class to Havre, So* and
upward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 12 Broadway (Hudson Build-
ing). New York. J. F. FtTGAZI * CO.. Paclfla
Ccast Agents. S Montgomery avenue, San Fran-
cisco. .
0CEA>-IC 8. S. CO.-HO?TOI.in.C, APIA
AUCKLAND AN1> SYDNEY.
5 S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. June 27. J p. ra.
6 P* MOANA (via Honolulu) to NEW Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. July 11. 8 n. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS & B30S. CO.. Agts.. IK Montffonten
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight One:. 32? Market Si
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
nFSIiTA^frnilfAUEjar
Steamer "Monticella."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat- at 9:43
a. m.; J:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. nicht); Frt-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 13:30 a. rn., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mlaslon-straet Dock.
pier No. S. Telephone Mala UC3.
FAJIE , .,... M ,.... U tt«k
POSTTJM CEREAL.
DROPSY FROM COFFEE.
People Beginning to Lrearn About the
Drug.
'•Coffee treated me so badly that I
¦want to tell people about it, and if you
can use my letter I will be glad. I am
not a very good scholar, but want to
write a few lines, and if I don't write a
good letter I am at least honest in my
statements.
*"I am 45 j-ears old and drank coffee
all my life up until New Year's. I have
felt bad for years and did not know
what ailed me. I thought I had the
dropsy and heart disease. Sometimes
I v.ould have to press my hand against
my heart, I would be in such pain, and
I got so I could hardly do my work.
My head would feel heavy and dizzy; .
and rri2ny a time I have got so blind I
•would just have to drop down or else
I would have fallen.
"I felt bad all over. My feet would
fweil and hurt me and I am confident if
I had continued drinkine coffee I
wouldn't have been able by this time to
do anything. A friend of mine asked
jne to try Postum Food Coffee and stop
flrir.kinq; regular coffee. I tried the
Postum, but it was some days before I
pot hold of the right way to make it.
My heart disease and dropsy disappear-
ed and I pot entirely well.
"There is much in making it. That is,
it has to he. boiled longer than ordinary
coffee, but when I got it made good it
was fine, and now I wouldn't have cof-
fee in my house at all. I am sure the
Postum Food Coffee saved my life, and :
I am perfectly well. Oh. how much I
would like to see Postum in every
home. I can't praise it enough. I send
you here the names of about twenty
people that have been helped by leaving
off coffee and using Postum Food Cof-
fee. (Then follows a list of names and
addresses.) Hoping this vrill be of bene-
fit to some one. I remain, yours truly."
M r?. Onis Sipult, 808 E. 6th St., E. Des .
Moincs, la. • ... [¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a Steamers -leave Broadway
h^ wharf, San Francisco:
\cS—^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
wSf^Shc June 25, 30, July 5. Chang-- to
fiSkW?52*"*fc company's steamers at Seattle.
ItjSrB^*\'J?n F<> r Victoria. Vancouver <K
EQ&SSnHskl C.). Port TownsencJ, Seattle.
K^SS^^ai Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes.
f Hl'ffp}) and New Whatecm (Wash.)—
11 a- rn.. Jur.e 23, 20, July 5.
"^* and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's eteamers
for Alaska and O. N. R"y.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. Juns
22, 27, July 2, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro,
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. rn., June 24. 28, July X. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo lLos Angeles) — U a.
m., June 22, 26. SO, July 4, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay, San Joae de!
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OWM'K — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-etreet Wharf at 11 a. m.
HA DC £'2 First Class including Bert^
lAnC $3 Second Clasi and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June Tl. July 3
COLUMBIA sails June 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. -
E. C WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
llff YORK. S0OTHAMPT0S. L0HO0S. P13I3L
Stopping «t Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Et Paul June27|N"ew York July 11
St. Louis July i> St. Paul July IS
RED STAFJ HNS.
few Yorl< orjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westemland ...June 27] Noordland July 11
Kensington ..July 41 Frlesland July IS
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
SO Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S. B. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July Jl, August SO. For rates
and otber information apply to •
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
S3 Montgomery street.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
The coal mines near Edlna, Mo., have
been compelled to shut down because the
operators could not find men to dig.THE SAN. FBA^CISCO X3AHTL, WEDNESDAY, JUTSTE -27, 3 900.
10
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DERNAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell ; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
LAW schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland ; day and night; correspondence.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1S83; SO-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 3fi Geary, r. 34.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 MlEslon. nr. 6th.
ISMl'LOYME.Vf OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. ; domestic sen'. 417 Powell ; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese hfrlp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help rum.; tel. John 2121. S0OH Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farren at.; tel. East 426.
ES11»_OY»IENT WANTJtSD— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH girl, first-class waitress, wants
Bltuatlon at springs resort or institution;
wages $25. Write or tell MRS. NORTON, the
Swedish and German employment bureau, 313
1 Sutter st.
INTELLIGENT middle-aged widow, a stranger
In city, wishes position aa housekeeper; good
plain cook; or charge of rooming house. Call
820H Sutter St. • ¦
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do housework in a small family; good, plain
cook; best of references if necessary. Call
1738 Sanchez St.
PROTESTANT woman wishes light housework
and cooking in plain family; understands
care of children; references. Apply G. H.,
329 Sixth st.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by relia-
ble young" woman; city or country'; refer-
ences. Call at 233 Third st., afternoons.
TOUNG Birl Just from the East wishes situa-
tion caring for child; would like to sleep
home. Apply 116& Langton st.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do at home:
would take It every day If required. Address
621 Jessie St.. off Seventh, rear.
P.ESPECTAELE woman wishes any kind of
work by the day; good laundress. Address O,
7 Van Ness ave.
A SITUATION wanted; competent girl; to do
housework and cook, $20. Address B, 639 Mc-
Alllster st.
WOMAN wishes to Co out by tho day; washing
and housecleaning. 611 Turk st^
A WOMAN wants work by the day: washing,
• housecleaning, etc. Call 7S2 Howard et.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a posi-
tion to do light housework, with 2 or 3 in
family; moderate wages; references; no pos-
talB. Call at 1330 Grove St.
WASHING, ironing and 1 housecleanlng by thu
day or hour Call or address LTDIA R.
TODD. 226 Clinton Park.
TOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter; best references. Box 672. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-'
ket; 200 rooms; 23o to $1 50 niffht: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient, and respectable: free bus
and' baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia et. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A position; a respectable young
married man wishes a position of a respec-
table kind; not afraid to work. Box 1S18,
CaU office.
GERMAN mechanic, brushmaker. wants posi-
tion or work by the day for house or office
cleaning; handy in carpenter work and var-
nish inc^owntools_I_ojclS2iM7a^^
FTRST-CLAPS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience; strict-
ly sober- use no tobacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R.. ?69 Mission st.
FIRST-CLAPS pantryman wants work at once.
Call 32014 Si'-tter st. .
SOBER, steady man, experienced gardener,
with Al references; handy with tools; carpen-
ter, plumbing, painting, etc. ; can run steam
or casollne engine; wages $30 and found.
Address A. M.. box 1S01. Call office.
FIREMAN wishes employment: handy with
tools; Ions experience. Address P. HEL-
BIG. Dewey Hotel.
STEADY young- man. experienced as porter or
man about place, wants position In city. Ad-
dress B.. box 1S19, Call office.
WANTED— By young man aged 20, position
preferably in city, tiring steam boiler or run-
ning small engine; has fair knowledge of
j-team engineering; also understands dyna-
mos, electric motors, etc.; only very moder-
ate wages expected. Box 6S4, Call office.
SITUATION as bookkeeper- or collector: good
penman; quick flgurer; good references. Box
691. Call office.
SOBER youth of IS wants position ot soma
kind in city; 4 years in drug store; will work
very reasonable; good references. Address
P. O. box 101, Los Banos. Cal.
MANY years' experiencd Japanese cook wants
position; city or country. Box 1S06, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
EXCHANGE.
AN o!d-establ!»hed blacksmlthlng and horse-
ehoeins business, on account of death of
owner, for pale for cash or will exchange for
real estate nnd pay difference. 22 Cortland av.
EXPERT OPTICIAN9.
GEORGE HAYEKLE, German expert optician,
1O7U4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water. by mail, 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 2a7.
EYES examined free; epectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manage, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
PLATS TO LET.
100~FLATS, cottages, etc! A M. SPECK _
CO.. 607 Market st.
726 Bush; f., 4 r... $12 50' 3GB Tehama: f., 4 r..$U
112 Fell; f.. 4 r $16 3354 20th: f.. B r $11
132 Scott: f.. 6 r $1S 2S0^4 Tehama; f.. 5 r.$10
673 Geary; f., 4 r $3 C30A Jessie; f., 3 r.. $9
A— 8-ROOM fiat; corner; sunny: 2 bay window*;
sll modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
A — 3 UPPER sunny modern Hats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. ?C7. 973. 975 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA. 1410H. near Hyde— Handsome
lower flat 6 rooms.
CORNER; upper flats. 7 rooms and bath, $12;
u rooms and bath. $10. 4439 Seventeenth st.
FLAT, $13; also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; key
at C23 Second St., r.ear Mail Dock.
FLATS, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; off Howard St.,
bet. 12th and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard st.
FTJLTON. 225 — Flat of 3 rooms; rent $3.
IF you want to move get printed list flati to let
frrm BALDWIN ft HOWF.I-L. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Bay-window flat of *
rooms ; rent T12 50.
BUNNY upper ilat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $15. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
S.W. COR.. Just eomf^Wed, upper flat of 7
rooms; all sunny and up-to-date in every
particular, $35. 1617 Page Bt.
$S— UPPER flat: 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet St..
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath. 1718A Leavenworth
street.
FUHMTLRU FOU SA_H .
4^TOMS~furnished in oak foMMS CO. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FtlUMTURG \VA_NT__.
ALFRED^ WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
V?. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
IIELP WANTED-PEMALE.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S_factory, 32*£ Fremont St.;
no exeprlence necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
GERMAN girl for general housework; good
cook: small family; no children. S49 Fulton
et., near Fillmore.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; 3
adults; wages $15. 729 Golden Gate ave.
BRIGHT girls wanted to learn bookbinding
work. Box 633, Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages
$20. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 906 O'Farrell.
GIRL, wanted for light housework; good
home. G23 HalKht Bt.
WANTED— A lady barber at 316 Third st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in laundry and tend
office. Standard, 114 Hayes eL
?'.'¦' - --¦¦ ¦¦- ','¦>¦ i ' " " '
IIELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5.
.!.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, first-class city hotels, $20 and
$25; -waitress, Gilroy springs, fare one way:
2 waitresses, Cazadero. free fare both ways:
waitress, • Congress Springs; waitress Shasta
Springs, free fare both ways, see party here;
2 waitresses, Corson City, Nev., $:0, fare
paid; 2 waitresses. Fresno. $25 and found and
fare paid; 2 waitresses, Vlsalla, fare paid;
waitresses. Kapa, Stockton: 2 waitresses,
Bakersfleld, $30 ;> 4 restaurant waitresses, 16
and $7 week; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;
woman cook, small resort. $30, fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook for men, no family cooking, no ob-
jection to one child, ?30; house girl to go to
Grass Valley, $20, $25, fare paid; colored girl
for housework, city, email American family,
$20; house girl, Petalu'ma, $25; many others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSE girl, care of 2 children and do plain
sewing, good home, $.15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Gtary Bt. ¦
GIRL for light housework and assist with
children, Alameda, JIO: good home. C. R-
HAKBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
EXTRA waitress for dinner parly; $1 60; call
early. C. R. HANSEN — CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress,, summer resort, $25,
fare paid; restaurant cook, city, $25; Ger-
man cook, $35; 2 girls, housework, American
families, city, $25 each; French second girl,
city. |25; 2 second girls, $20 each: laundress,
resort, $25; 2 laundresses city and country
hotels, $20 each; waitress, hotel, Santa Cruz,
?20; chambermaid and wait one meal, city $20;
boarding-house cook, country, $25; ranch
cook, ?25. fare paid; cook, small private sani-
tarium, $25; housework, Santa Cruz, $25, 3 In
family; San Jose, $25, 2 In family. MISS
CU_LEN, 325 Sutter st
A COLORED housekeeper, country; $25. MISS
CULL. EN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED-Cook, plain wash, 3 In family, $30;
girl, general housework, Petaluma, $30: man
and wife for restaurant work, see lady at
of flee at 10 o'clock this morning, $43; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, $25; 2 waitresses, coun-
try resort, $20; waitress and chambermaid,
summer resort, $25; chambermaid and wait-
ress, nice country hotel, $„: cook, country
boarding-houBe, $30; girl, general housework.
Oakland. 3 In family, $25; cook, plain wash,
city, $30. and a large number of girls for*
general housework, city and country, nice
places. J20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT. 316 Sutter St.
GOOD reliable male and female help, with ref-
erence, furnished by MISS J. G. KELLY, 413
Powell St.. near Sutter; telephone James 1131..
SWEDISH or German girl for general house-
work; small family; no children. Call at
781 Dolores st., near Twenty-first.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
etate experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 1824, Call office.
WANTED— A lady, free from home cares, for
a permanent position as traveler. Address
box 1826. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced young girl for cook-
ing and general housework; 4 In family;
wages. ?20. 3740 25th St.. cor. Fair Oaks.
GIRL for cooking, housework, plain washing:
7 in family; wages $30. Call 56 Belvedere St.,
bet. Frederick and Waller. Cole and Clayton.
GIRL to care for infant of 6 months during
day. 393 Sixth St.. room 25. \
GIRL for lisht housework and assist with
baby. 10S Chattanooga st., near 22d.
NITRSEGIRL— young girl wanted. 1562 Post
St., near Octavla.
WANTED— Ironer for French laundry. 637
Howard st
COMPETENT chambermaid wlsbes first-class
work. S20',j Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman for cooking and house-
work. 26 Steuart at.; upstairs.
YOUNG girl for light housework and plain
cooking; small family. 2042 OTarrell Et.
GIRL for housework and cooking, $15 a month;
2 In help. 1117 Van Ness ave. -
WANTED— Girl for general housework in Ala-
meda. Apply 617 Washington St.. city.
COMPETENT cook, $23 a month. Call 2111
Pine st.. 10 to 11 a. m. only.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 629
McAllister st. '
LIGHT housekeeping; easy place; small wages.
Address or call after. 4 p. m. at 710 Lombard.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for place,
party havinc other business. 342 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. 635 Valencia Et.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
5C6 Castro St.; wages $20.
COMPETENT girl wanted: bookbindery. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 781 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
FolBom . et.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
IIELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 10* Geary st.
2C0 men for Coast Road $2 a day
Khlp dally Fee $1 Free fare
200 laborers, S. P. Co.'a own work $2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
60 men. railroad work, Truckee....$l 90 a day
daily -Fee $1 Free fare
23 four-horse teamsters, I* A. dlv.42 25 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
DO WOODSMEN and laborers, fare advanced ;
blacksmith. $3; blacksmith's .helper. $150;
ranch wheelwright, $35; miners, $2 50 to $3
a day; 10 farmers. $123 a day and board;
SO farmers. $25 and $26; milkers, choremen and
2 boys for candy store and factory. $4 a
Experienced egg candler, wholesale house,
$30.
7. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $100; second cook. $30; third
cock, $40; dishwasher, $30; all for first-class
6ummer. resort: cook, country hotel. $55;
German cook. - country hotel. $30; baker "and
pastry cook summer resort, $50; bread and
cake baker, country *hop, $60; cook and help-
er, country hotel, $45 and $20; third cook,
springs, $30; butcher, country shop, $40; 3
second and fry cooks, city, $60 and $45.
Walter and wife, country restaurant, $45;
10 waitere. different country hotels, $30; Ger-
man waiter, country hotel, $30; waiter, re-
port, $25; 6 restaurant waiters. $30, $35 and
$4C; carcri waiter and wash dishes, $35; wait-
er, mine boardlns house, ?20. ,
6 porters, different country hotels, $20; bar
porter, summer resort, $20; porter, city, $20.
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Shirt polisher, $40 and found; ironer, $40
and found: marker and distributor, $40 and
found; all for first-class summer resort, free
fare; washer, hand laundry, country hotel?
$30; Jaundryman and wife, springs hotel.
O. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
WANTED
Man about plaes and wife $40
Waiter and wife 43
Blacksmith, Oakland 60
Vineyard hand 30
Man to take charge of Centrifugal pumps
on large ranch.'
Back sewer $2 and board
4 harvest hands $2 and board
4 teamsters, loose hay $1 25 and board
6 men to hoe ' $30 and board
100 R. R. laborers, free fare, company work..
: $190 a day
Bread and cake bakers and bakers' , helpers.
Walter, country hotel ....$30 and fare
4 laborers for mine, no experience.... $2 day
4 milkers $30 and $35
50 farm Jobs $26, $30 and $35
Dishwasher for summer and winter resort. $25
Lunch counter man ...$35
W. P. EWEK & CO.. CIO Clay st.
3 MEN and wives for ranches and private fam-
ilies, $35, JiO and $50; farmer for vineyard,
$30; engineer who understands running steam
roller, $3 50 day; machinist, $3 to $3 50 day;
6 blacksmiths, %2 50 to $4 day; blacksmith
helpers; carpenter for mill; cabinetmakers;
man for poultry ranch. $20; stablemen, city
and country, $27 50 and $30 and board and $50;
2 buttermakers, $40 and board and $60; chore-
man and milker for resort, $25; woodsmen of
all kinds: laborers for mills, mines, brick
yards and railroad work and "many others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER and wife for country, $45; ranch
cook, $35; man and wife to cook for. 18 men,
$50; second lunch cook. $33: oyster counter
cook. $S week; cake baker. $18 week; second
baker, tountry, $40 and found; bakers' help-
ers, $25 and $30; 3 hotel waiters for country,
$25 and $30; restaurant waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628
Sacramento st. /
DRIVER for milk wacon, $50; can washer, $45.'
•J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacramento at.
A BOX to help wash dishes; $10. MISS CUL-
LEX, 225 Sutter st.
WANTED— Strong boy, 16 to 18 years old. to
learn nursery business. Inquire Pacific Nur-
sery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
BARBERS for city and country; first-class
wages. Apply II. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith helper. 316 Mc-
Allister st. . ; . ¦.- :
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
, 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. Oat ana 2d ets.
HISI.VKSS CHAXCES COXTIXFKP.
A— ?3O00~r7rr..............$3O0O *3000
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must ha\ - e partner; #loo much business for
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad depot;
all flirt-class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a rao.; books
open for Inspection: investigation solicited.
STKXBERG CO.. 925 Market st.
A— $750 $750 $750
THIS IS A BARGAIN
Corner liquor store and saloon north, near
Market st. : handfome place, dolnsr fine busi-
ness; well situated for 2 young men or a fam-
ily to conduct; carrying large stock of wines,
liquors, etc.; if you desire this kind of busi-
ness don't delay investigation; selling on ac-
count of sickness. STENBERG CO.. S35 Mkt.
A— J4S0; RESTAURANT: best block on lead-
ing etrcet; doing good business; meals 20o
and upward; estab. years; fine for man and
wife. STENBERG CO..: 931 Market et.
A— *200; 9-ROOM lodfrlng-house In center of
city; north of Market: owner leaving State;
must sell. STEXBERG CO.. 935 Market st
GROCERY and bar .with 4 living rooms for
sale; furniture If desired. Apply at 230 Mln-
na st.
FOR sale— A Etrictly good business; restaurant!
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon:
lodging-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
tleld. Cal.
GOOD-PAYING candy store, ice cream parlor;
established 16 years: principal street; easily ,
clearing $100 a month; finest chance in the
world for widow or two parties; full investl-
gatlon or trial allowed. See owner. 22 Sixth.
AN oldest established confectionery, candy. Ice
cream etcre parlor and large factory. 1"
Oakland; very best location; trial solicited;
present owner must go to Seattle. Particu-
lars 462 Tenth St., rm. 1L Oakland; no agents.
FOR sale cheap— First-class home bakery do-
ing cood store trade; sickness cause of dls-
popal; no agents. M., 10P6 Valencia st.
SNAP— Fruit store; suitable for man and
I wife; owner going to • Nome. Appiy 114
j Lan_ton st.
WISHING to retire I will eell by blacksmitti
fhop and tools at Blacks Station, Tolo Coun-
ty; It Is a good paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SAXDROCK, proprietor.
NICE family liquor store, with bar. at invoice
value: must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
st. Saloon, doing good business. In wholesale
Cistrict; price reasonable. Apply S01 Market.
$5000 WILL buy a flrst-clasg steam laundry .
doing a. fine business; trial given to any party
wishes to buy. Address G. ST. CLAIR, Santa
Kosa. Cal. '
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM. ,
HEXDRICKSOX & CO.. C14 Ca.Il bldg. , .
1X)X'T mifs the tripods and lamps at the
BACKt/'S STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargain..
CAXDT store for gale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent. 13S Hayes st. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. •
TV. CASWELL — CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
LODGI.\G-HOUSHS FOR SALbI
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1. nr Call bldg.
Many houses for sale. Tel. Black 1S03. ;
$1MX>— 26 rooms; nice corner; transient
$1400— 16 rooms; bon ton; permanent; income
1260. Several good small houses cheap.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOX S.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugg.es. carts, harnesa,
etc.. cheap. EAGAK & SON. 2117 Mission et.
AN A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, for salo
cheap. Call at 632 Mission et .
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts A har- \
ness, work & driving horses. lfth & Valencia.
CARPET BEATING ASD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work •
send to SPAULDING'S Plcr.eer Carpet-Beat^
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama t-t. ; tel. S. 4'J.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning And Dyeing Co., .
?42-344 McAllister £t. ; phone South 146. ,
j E MITCHELL Carpet-Eeatin? and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th et ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. :
STEVENS, mgr., SS-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. |
4o3 Stevenson st.. tel. South ?„; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c. i
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 'Mi..
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Butter Et.; !
tel. Main 254. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
griRITCALISM.
MRS MART EVANS" circle to-day at 8 p. m.. ;
10c;' readings dally. 142 Sixth st. •
MRS. DR. GILFOX, 120 Sixth et.. holds circle
to-nicht; test to all; 10c; room 1. ;
AT Friendship Hall. "35 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays included.
MRS DUNHAM, medium; readings daily; clr. <
Tues.. Fri.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS HOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G. .
tl. L. 50c; clr. Mo.. Wed.. Fri.. 10c 34 Sixth. .
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test.business
medium, life reader; sitting. $L 1104 Markf-t.
' CLAIRVOYANTS. :
MRS DR. CLARK, the well-known trance ;
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she ,
will show you how to overcome your enemies; |
remove family trouble?; restore lost affec-
tions: unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
Epecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
Et.. near Jones.
MME. LAXGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past. 1
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
Eecrr': Fhows picture future husband or "wife;
foe 2T>c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11G7 Market st., bet. 7th and Slh.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies COc,
gents tl; palm. & clair.: sit. ?1 SO. 120 Turk st.
MME. August, clairvoyant card reader: palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 2Jc & SOc. 1143 Mission.
MME SCHAFFEif, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st.. original gypsy
life reader; readings. "l>c; no Figrn.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Ft.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to crave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 9U O'I r arrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S ARcnfy — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. £27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
PERRY. 33 — Cottace 7 rooms; large sunny
yard; gun all day; rent SI'S.
. DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENT^AL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bidg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plat?3 our specialty: gold crowns,
13 DO up; plates, extractions free. $4 ."0 up; of-
fice hours y a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. \V. WILLIAMSON. M. Ii., Manager.
DrTlUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates .are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crown?. ?3; fillings. 25c.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth v.-ithcut plate. DR. H^ oT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG IIOSPITA—S.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for pale by all druggists
or at the hospital. &10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BLTZARD'S Dos lloepltal. Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine. 7ric; city visits $1 DO; all
animals treated; dagsN board ad. Tel. West C36.
DRGSSMAHKKS A.M> SEAHSTUEBSES
PARISIAN Orersrr.aklns, 3S7 Geary Bt.: dresses
made, (5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; ev. claxn. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter nt., dressmaking
: j school ; any pattern cut to measure.
S. V. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lr.g. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EUl'CATIOXAL.
; ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. RAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NEES COLLEGE. 123C Market et. •
AYRES', the, leading business college, T23 Mar-
ket Bt. ; life scholarship, J50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
¦ CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin St.:
• the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
. , . -. ¦- '¦ . • *
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
- THE best thing of the season Is a new style
Olympla Music Box. with double comb, for
- $50; the tone is as fine as any bex ought to b«
at double the price. MAUVAIS 1IU3IC CO
• 163 Market st. '
- UNTIL July 1 you will get mere than the Talu»
of your money If you buy a plaao. organ or
$&« r T , m !£! cal 'iwtru-ents of the MAUVAI3
, ML SIC CO.. 769 Market st.
> IF you want low Installments on any musical
Instrument, come to U3; If you want to pav
1 fash, come Just the same. MAUVAIS MUSIC
i CO.. 7C9 Market st
1 AS we represent the best make of piano* la
•• every grade from Steinway down to lo-w-
prtced makes, and as our Installment pay-
; ments are easier than those of other dealers,
, we are the people from whom you should
> E urc il a3#: new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
1 cnpoii".',." Pianos. »3. *4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN-, CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers
cor * 4>,. e , arny an d Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
PIANOS at cost; owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
r rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
clowed out regardless of profit: a better op-
!ft?Ji? y r$?Z? e T*ViJ"* n °««-<*d: terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. 18 O'Far-
• ABSOLTJTELY the oldest and largest house
5 i /BI^S.' 1 KOIILER _ CHASE'S.
• 26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell «.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
I .and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pWse and satisfy the
f customer.
AN" elegant upright piano, beautiful case Col-
' onlal style, three pedals; used three months;
must b« sold to close up estate- t_a ii
Flood building. ' *
» A FEW bargains In pianos of standard makes
• still remain from our dealer ou: sale rang-
[ Ing from $75 up; must be'sold by July L
i SPENCER' 3 1813 Market St.
BARGAINS — A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or in-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
BELLING cut regardless of cost — Entlr» stock
of pianos: star* to let; fixtures for sal*.
, JAME3 KEEFFE. 1019 Van Ness- ave.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ 1J
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Pacramento »t.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chlckering. $V"0; Installments
$5 to $10; rent $2 up; HEINE'S, 136 Ellis st.
SOHMER _ CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. KM McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new piano*. $3 payments;
for rent. $7 up. BRCEyX. 2C3 Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET."
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice, Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny B t.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE.
800 TO 600 acres green pasture, dorer and wild
grasses mixed, for^ horses or cattle. For
terms sjply A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER Is the popular hairdresser.
LedereT charges but 2Cc for the
Lederer fashionable hair styles.
Lederer sells El Perfecto Veda Rouge Me box.
Lederer's Quintonlca hair tonic is 35c bottle.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo Is only 5c package.
Lederer's Hairdresaing Parlors, 1C3 Stockton.
ACADEMY for the new science of heal Ins
without operations; before you undergo an
operation give us a call: consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post St.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
_c to $1 50 per night; tl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tfle ferry.
USE Ll!l!e Webb's olive oil soap; 10c at drug-
gists: agents wanted. CADOGAN & Mc-
CIXRE, 421 Market, r. 34; from 9 to 10 a. m.
AHLBORN House, 319 to 3C3 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up; finest meals In city, 23c.
AN e!e<ant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L, LEMOS, 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Elzhth.
{ WILL pay cash for c!d sealskins. Box 4313.
Call office. —
$2 E0 LADIES* shoes for $1 50 a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market St.. near Third.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all drdggl3ts.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader,
850 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; 2oc bottle; druggists.
C\ST-OFFclothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny st.
G". D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave.^
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FREE SAMPLES of Develoner. Backus Stu-
dio. 11 Geary. Etching Matte and Platinum
paper.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary st.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIAN AND SUBGEOSS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITm-^F-OH. SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. ' 633 MARKET STREET.
ON" INSTALLMENTS.
$SSO and upward — Fine level lots on Hyde St.:
cars pass; an unobstructed marine view;
southeast cor. Hyde and North Point sts.
EUILDER'S CHANCE— NO CASH REQUIRED
PAY WHEN YOU SELL THEM.
Three lots on northeast corner in Mission "Warm
Belt; sewer, gas and water connections;
electric cars pa*si: bitumen street. .
Also 3 lots near Park Panhandle: One marina
view;, level, cement walk: ready for
building; on above terms.
ONE HALF BLOCK FROM N_W POST-
OFFICE.
$1SOO— Lot 23x75 feet; old house; 7 rooms.
NEAR FOURTH AND BRYANT ST3.
$2000— 3 fiat 3 of 4. 3. 3 rooms; rents $23 per
month; lot SOxSO ft.
POINT LOBOS AVE. FLATS.
$2300— Make offer; flat and store in good condi-
tion on Point Lobos ave.. near Second
ave.; lot 23x100 ft.: rents tZ2 per month.
RENTS 1420 PER ANNUM.
$3300—2 new modern flats of 5, 8 rooms and
bath; rents $33 per month; lot 2SxlC5 ft.;
on Castro at.
FORCED SALE-TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$13,500— Lot 50x120 back to rear street: partially
Improved; rents $73 per month; on best
business block on Haleht st.
$:S0O-REDUCED FROM $6300.
$1500 cash, balance installments: 2 new modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; Clayton
St., near Panhandle.
$6730— Make offer; 3 modern flats of «. «, 7 roc— s
and bath: rents $600 per annum; lot 7$x
127:6 ft-: on Grove st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
C3S Market st
A. M, SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny St.
$32.000— Fourth St., near Townsend. 137:6x137:5;
near railroad and warehouses.
$2S,000— Vicinity Larkln and McAllister sts.; lot
65:9x120: 2 frontages: rents $310i.
$23. 000— Sixth st.: 73 feet frontare: 4 stores and
CO rooms above; rents S20O.
$13,000—1352 Post st., near Gough; magnificent
residence: every modern convenience-
cost $30,000. *
$12,500— Mission st.. near Sixth: store- and lodx-
ln;r house; worth $r7,00O; rents about
• $1100 annually. »«~u t
$13.500— Ninth St., close to Mission; 33 f ee t
front: 2 stores and flats. *
$12.500 — Steuart st., half block from Market-
brick buildlns. *
$11,000— Market *t. corner; modern bulldlne*
store and flat; rent $S5; lot f.^100
$6000— O'Farrell St. flats; rents $60; 3 frontages.
$7,230— Broadway. between Buchanan and
Webster sts.; lot 34:4^x122; choicest
residence site.
$S,50O-l_5 Bush St.; lot ,'30x137:8; hous« of 1.
rooms: must be sold.
$S,0CO — Powell st.: 3 flats; rents $82
$2,800— Rents $40; 5 Hats; 2 frontages- Vallelo
at. ; want offer.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
* a00 -^ O n ER? \*" room hous * tn choice location
S? t al l er "*•• "** r Pierce, l block from
Haight-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
lshed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
balance ?30 monthly. F. XELSON. builder.
FOR . SALE— Cottage 5 rooms: high basement:
sunny front: patent closet; city water; bar-
galn. 63 Serpentine place.
IV you have lots north of the Park In small
or lar K e subdivisions, and you want to sell
J. GUNN. 630 Calirornia st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UAIBSEN & CO.. 1* Montgomery.
PERRY, 202, near Fourth— House of 3 rooms;
rent $7: water free. Apply to O. H. UM3-
SEN' & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
$25— MODERN two-story bouse; 8 rooms. bcih
and basement; marine view. 2327 Leaven-
¦rt-orth st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
FINE team of well-matched black horses, 6 and
7 years old; gentle for a lady to drive; 15ft
hands high; can road along in 2:40; also a
latest style rubber tire buggy, almost new.,
with pole and shafts; this rig can be seen
• at the Stanford Stables. 303-310 Golden Gate.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate- ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hors« Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business atCANTY'S. 2170 Market St.; Castro-
6t. cars pasa the door.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
FOR sale — 2 extra. One carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL, Vet. Dentist. €05 Golden Gate ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
LOST AND FOUXD.
A LIBERAL reward will be paid for return to
2701 California st. of old-fashioned gold watch
lost June 2Cth, either at Market and Powell
ste. or on Devlsadero-st. line; watcb has
numbers on the dial.
LOST— 23th. pocket-book containing pagers of
no value except to owner; reward. 254 Steven-
eon st. __________
LOST— Male fox terrier, black spot on left hip.
Return 1C04 Pine St.: reward.
LOST— -Lady's gold watch; — _rked "it. M."
Return 847 Pine st.; reward.
LOST— On Friday. June 22, a rosary with four
medals attached. 1 gold, 2 sliver. 1 braes.
Return to 2614 Laguna et. and receive reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the w -orld-renow Tied
ladies' specialist; safe and reMable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. After all others fail
call on him. 1023% Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europa; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in H. K. ; maternity
home; low fees. lOO" 1^ Market st., near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
tjffice. $3; any aliment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER, 446 Eddy st., well known
and reliable: ladies' consult free;
home In confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladies' special-
i?t; treatment at office, $5; home in confine-
ment. 44G Eddy. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home in confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; iate sci-
entific methods; treatment. $5.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China: dls-
eases'of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento. cor. K?arny;ad vice free.
Y S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
I11S Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Maeon st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a lar^e stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-<
NAN 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth*; write for catalogue. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatterg. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
NO. 1 American flasr for sale; can be bousht
for half its value; owner has no use for It;
size 10x13; inquire 603 Eddy st. after 7 p. m.
J. J. SUTHERLAND.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER, 513 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Schooner about twelve tons; 4 years
old; cheap. J. HIATT. 783 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dress box 1S29. Call office.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington and New Under-
wood typewriter; bargain. L. _ M. Alla-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
SHARP watch dog; 19 months old: Newfound-
land. 1743 Noe St.. bet. 30th and 31st.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. EL S. WHITE. 516-513-520 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
$75; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE *uit, $10; drees pants. $2-75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at
iWE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
' PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; movlr.g
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and oecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.-, 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st,. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A sandwich wagon cheap or to rent
one. Box 190C. Call.
"WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 710 Market »t.
MONEY TO LOAN. ,
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big., HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to. obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at ln\v-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; teL Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1*4 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. UARSHBAItQKH,
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond.'!,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniturj and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BON'ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO P.weli st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S" and 69. Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery!
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. ¦ Merchants' Exchange. 431 Callfl
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgage, estates in pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 6C3. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security all husl-
ness confidential. Tousiey Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal- no
.commission; Private. LICK. IIS McAllister.
T 2 "S la £. ed men wlthout collateral or indorser.
S. P. Discount Agency, 143 Pbelan building!
HELP * WANTED — MALE.
A— MTJRRAT & READY.. PHONE MAIN 6843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
f.WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
BOO men for railroad work, reconstruction ana
new work on following divlslons....-v--i":-;
DUNSMUIR SHASTA. T i?V, r nko
State of Nevada wlft^rn an.i
all above divisions, free fare; office zee »i. »'"
other expenses -^'AWtV-c-'atJ^ *
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
,. ; to 35 sawmills, etc
No experience wanted .."•••••••'
EG3 men for 60 different Jobs, t ™* a , 1 r * b ?uf™vi%
run machines, wages from $20 to *40 per
month and found ,""""*m'"nmi
also lumber Pliers, bark peelers $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, bana
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgernjen. , m
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. *75, $S0. $120. $60,
$30, $40. $30 and found; 684 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found: some at mines.
. $3 *2 SO, $2, $1 60, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner shingle packer: 2S laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid. f»0 and found
60 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build
flume....... .....130. -$35, $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon driver, $2 a day and found; ZSZ
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men, etc.. $1 25, $1 60, $2 day
and found; come and Goe iij;iiri!U
STABLES. VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS
GARDENS ••••
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. J40. $3o,
$30. ?25 and found; buggy washer, $50.... ••••••
123 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30, $20
and found: 6 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30. $25, $20 and found; come
?ff. . IbAmiES,' ' cheese' " KAcroRiES.'.V. .'.'
39 milkers for different places, $35. $30 and
found: 5 butter makers, and run separators,
boss here $25 and found; 5 cheese makers,
different jobs, $35 and $40 and found: stable-
man, private place, $25 and found; milk
wagon driver, $35 and room
MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT
BERRY PICKER9
CO boyB and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, Dlecework, can make good wages..
ALSO 150 BEHRY PICKERS
4 machine miners $30
MECHANICAL HELP
Pipe fitter, $2 25 day; spool tender, sawmill
company, $2 50 day
Carpenter, sawmill company, $10 and found,
fare Dald <
cooper to make butter kegs. ...18 blacksmiths
and horgeehoers, $2 50, $60 $70, $45 and $30
and found
50 laborers, S. P. R. R $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE— MINES— BIG WAGES
33 laborers for mines, no experience required.
| you'll suit, $40 to $48 per month and -found;
29 miners, single hand $30 and $75
crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 £0, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. $33, :
$30 and found '
' Read these carefully
865 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50. $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other position come down and read
bill boards.
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50. $S0 and
found; coal miners, hard-rock men,/ drillers,
rock men. hammer men, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDY-MAKER ....COOKS
Candy-maker, country /.J40 ,
Camp waiters, $25 and $20; second baker, $40
and found; IS cooks, $35, $40, $45 and $C0 and
found
Butchers $35 and $30 and found
Cooks for ranches, hay press.... $30 and found
First and second bakers, $50 and $3j, fare
paid; bakers and helpers. $30 and $40 and
found; boy for bakery, $20 nnd found; cook
and wife. $10 and found: waiters, bakery,
cafes, hotels, resorts, $30, $35 and $40 and
found.
MURRAY & READY, CS4-636 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
..typewriter, large company, $30 and found.
, ; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH ORDERS....'
Coremaker, manufacturing company.. ..$3 day
All-around butcher $35 to $40 and found
Young man, run rip saw $7 £0 week
Manglers for laundry
Cook and wife or two men for a lumber com-
pany, see boss here 9 coopers, slack work;
3 pantrymen.". 3 men for private families;
13 laundrymen and a boy to learn same trade.
Cooks for mines $50 and $60
Carriage woodworker $2 50 day
3 brick molders. see boss here
Sheepherders, fare $1 50, call early
FACTORIES IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 laborers for different city factories. $1 75
day; exceptional good Jobs You board home
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS TELE-
PHONES AND LETTERS
Cook and wife, sawmill company.. $60 and fd
3 assistant bookkeepers, typewriters and
stenographers for vineyards, sawmills, etc.
Porter ond stableman, grocery store, fare 60c,
$40; 3 hotel porters, hotels and resorts, $20,
$25 and found
Cabinet makers, $2 75 day; brick molders;
8 markers for a laundry
Third cook for a mine, call early.. $35 and fd
Man to as3lst baker for a mine $30 and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME DOWN and get our list, containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
DRY goods clerk, country store, California ex-
perience, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY. (24-636 Clay st.
SUPERINTENDENT for large orchard and
Vineyard, north; California references and
experience; good wages. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MR. HILL, superintendent, please report.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for Jewelry
store: state references: steady position. Box
1S18. Call office.
ONE or two men with some experience in
quartz mining wanted to work gold mine on
shares. Address box 1£17, Call office.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced stock cutter for cloth-
Ing. 220 Bush St., first floor.
GOOD strong boy to learn carpentering. Call
620 California st.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
2 GOOD carpenters at 2329 Jackson St.; come
early.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
UPHOLSTERER wanted. Apply 1433 Mission
St., furniture store.
LUNCH waiter. 25S First st.
WANTED — Man and wife to work on a ranch
or a woman with a child. Call 315 13th st.
BUTCHER to drive a wagon. 233 Courtland
avenue.
EOY, 15 to 18, wanted in large law of flee; must
be good penman. Box 1S27. Call.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years: not less than 3 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
BOns who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Omce, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, ¦ Cal., or
630 K et., Sacramento, Cal.
YOUNG man to work 3 hours dally for tui-
tion. S. F. Bus. College, 1236 Market St.
GROCERY clerk wanted; no bar; German pre-
ferred. 2420 California st.
WANTED— An experienced can washer and
help around place. Address 1509 Broderlck.
WANTED— A No. 1 horseshoer, married man
preferred, to make himself a home. Inquire
at HOLT BROS.' CO., 30-32 Main st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale; owner to quit
business; price no object. 215 O'Farrell st.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale.' Apply on
premises, 14 Turk St.
WANTED— Engineer to run small engine and
eptce mill in wholesale house; give references,
experience and wages expected. Box 654, Call.
WANTED-! and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at E27 14th st., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; good lo-
cation; sell to go East- Inquire at 403 Pacific.
WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; give age
and references. Box 654, CaU office.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN" S'suits. to orUer, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
-:•- years* practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to' and from the ferry.
LINDELL House," corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1G96 Va-
. lencia st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillraore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1..
HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
SACK AMEN^r6T^6T9^icely~ furnisheST^modern
house cf 7 rooms. W.-B. HUFF & CO.
SAJf FHASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer ot Market and Third streets, open
ur.ti'l 12 o'clock every night in the year.
nKANVH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
COO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CCS McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. n.
C13 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l&U Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
r« Mission Btreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 d. m.
jo« Eleventh rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
1396 Valencia street: open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest comer Twenty-6econd and Ken-
tariry rtreeti; rjx?n until 9 p. m.
UEETIXG r.OTICEJ.
M~0^NT~MOUIA inCodc^KoTTiTF. and m
A. M-Meotlng THIS (WEDNES-__B«_,
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- Tt Jf
• ond degree- t^r '
THEO. FROLTCH. Secretary.
JExenivflOn Loire No. 1C5, F. and A. ft
M.— Special tneetir.s THIS (WED- __»V_
NESDAY) rVE-VING. June 27. at 7 Tfe_2\
o'clcck. Third degree. ' '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MlfSIOJ" Lodge No. 1CS. F. and A- A
M-— Called meeting THIS iWEDN"K8-Jr»- ,
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Vj^S
Third degree.
GEORGE P. FLACK. Secretary.
Y3:RBA BT"ENA Lod(re No. 15. I. ¦*&&_&&¦
ii. O. r\ — Initiation Thursday, §£22?5>i—
June CS. Vetenuis will attend In a
body. J. D. fiCHLOEN. N. G. ""^
YERBA BUF.NA Lodsre No. 15. I. _&___t_
O. O }\. will meet Wi:DNES- s^ZSasZ^S
DAT r'. 1 ;.. m. for the imr.^sc^SJ^JS^P^
of conducting the funeral of our •°^
deceased brother, H. F. HATES.
J. D. SCHLOEX. X. O.
AXNVAL Meeting— The re«Jlar annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Santa Fe Ter-
minal Company of California will be held at
the odce of the company, 521 Market St..
Fan Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 17th
day of July. 1900. at the hour of 2 o'clock p.
m., for the pun>ose of electing a. board of
director* to serve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
FELLING atrent wanted— Party to take produc-
tion of magnet wire factory as selling aaent
en Pacific CooFt and old Mexico: only those
who can handle large business will be con-
Riflered. Address P. O. box 1177. Providence.
Khode Itland : ,
WE •Rar.t a number of live, energetic men and
women; light out-door employment; genteel.
THE J. DEWING CO.. room 12. Flood bldg.
TWO solicitors for law and collection agency.
Box €35. Call.
ASTIiOLOGY.
MR?. Sadie Dunn, ccientiflc aEtrologiat. strictly
reliable or. all matters tiertalnins to life and
buy-ness: horoscope readings. $1. 2710 Sutter.
ATTOItXKVS AT LAW.
B W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market St..
room C27; estates, damages, attachments,
Iwinkruptcy. collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ppecialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty ct law. ?Z0 Market. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 IZarket St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
A CTO.MOPILES.
ACTOMOniLES— Fred WARD & SON.
Agents. 4t Fremor.t st.
PATH CABIN ETS.
1 EOBINSON $j. 4-pcnel folding; door opens; flnn
and sale. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
RECYCLES — For Sale or Eichange.
GOOD peccr.d-hand bicycles, all kinds and
Fizes at ALLEN'S. l-*73 PaEe gt.
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BELGIAN' IIAItES.
BELGIAN HARES'.'.
Ml the popular Ftrains at rreatly reducea
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda, Cal. •
1 ELEGANT line of imported does Just received;
from $a up: pe<5 ; Pree guaranteed; Yukon and
other strains. 2M Hyde 6t.. corner Eddy.
FOR pa'e— Very fine Ftock of hlsrh-ecore, pedi-
greed Belgian harts, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
I** 1 * butter St.. San Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Har* Co.. 2134 Fillmore St..
San Francisco, Cal. — Send 6c in stamps for
bock on care and feeding
A FEW left— Heavyweight pedigree does; must
be sold to-day. 1J5 Tehama st^
OOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..CCS Gol-
den <Jate ave.. B.F.. IW> rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock, reasonable.
Royal Iiabbltry. 214 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
HOARDING FOR. CHILDREN.
PRIVATE h^me for chilJron by day. week or
month; 1 day to U years; select neighborhood;
mother's care; sunny yard. 1204 post et.. cor.
Franklin: phone Larkln Z%~. two belle.
ULSINE&S CHA.'.CES.
A~DAY Ealoon doing a large business; mostly
iiijucr trade: fixtures, glassware, etc.; $".'00;
ftock at invoice. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
I'dCht Ke-amy £U
A — JC(K>; COF1NER grocery and bar on Brannan
pt. ; rent $25; living rwrtu: a good paying
tuslness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— I3C0; PARTNER wanted in coffee salmon
and chop house: close to Market St.; a splen-
did ofTer for the right man. Call R. O.
WILKE, 2S_ Kearcy st
A_$ioo : CANDY store and factory; close to
Powell and Market sts. ; rent $40; good pay-
ing bUE'.nesF; sickness cause of gale. R. CJ.
WILKE, 2CVa Kearny st.
,\_$40«X); CORNER grocery and bar; established
year* and known a« a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE, 25'i Kearny gt.
A— J1000: GROCERY and bar on San Bruno
road: living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
Ing for aji actKe youiig man; party wishing
to retire frora business cause of tale. Call
U. G. WILKE, ?SU Kearny st.
A— USttS COKMCH; wine and liquor store; only
one block from Market: rent JiO; horse,
wagon and a large ttock: er-lendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
caie. See Ii. G. WILKE. 26Mi Kearny st.
A— »650; EESTAKKAST on Geary et. ; close to
Chronicle building; rent cheap; owner em-
ployed in National Eank; must sell at once.
Oafl It. G. WILKE, 2C'4 Kearny st.
„•».— Ji !.'.¦••: IjHVQ store on Montgomery St.; rent
$4»; estab. years; knowledge of .business not
r,ec;-«>ary. Call It. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny.
Jk." tTflfflT: BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayee St.: no rent to pay; a splendid
chance. Fee R. G. WILKE, I6-4 Kearny st.
1^0— PARTNER wanted in a first-class Baloon
one block north cf Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
J1S0 — PORK ftore; ham, bacon and delicacies;
elegant business. LANE & CO., £C5 Market.
54G»-CROCERY and bar; well stocked; good
business: living roomt. Lone & Co.. SC5 Mrkt.
JTiV- BAKERY baking 3 bbU. a day: 2 horses,
wagon, harness; tine store trade; living
rooms: a bargain. LANE & CO.. S65 Market.
WELL-STOCKED grocery, fancy goods, candy,
cigars; established for years; sickness cause
of rale. LANE & CO.. fcK Market Bt.
CANDY and ice cream parlor, clearing JCO a
month. LANE & CO.. id Market et.
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market; rm. 1, nr. Call bldg.
Variety Ftore; clear? IffO; man or woman.JC25
Cigar Ftarnl and laundry office: old stand 125
* i *»t!onery and notions; nice for lady.... 3,%0
_>rlleacy store; central: (rood business.... 250
Dairy kitchen: good; dally Bales fl5... 200
Grocery ami delicacy store; Investigate... 475
Branch bakery and delicacy; clears $100.. 450
fl£3 — PAHTNEH Trented; light Indoor business;
tri'.l pay over $00 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market «t.
SM" CHOP and oytter house; great eacrlfice on
ai-oour.t <-f elckr.efcE. McLAUGHLJN &. CO..
TT7 ! i Market et-
t3A-PARTNEH in cosmetic parlors; lady or
gent: $300 per mo. Kredo & Dutton. 26 Geary.
trr©— HAIRDUEPK1XG parlors: 4 elegantly fur-
Rifhed rooms. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary.
JCO — SALOON, fixtures, etc: small stock: rent
cheap: 2 living rooms; good location. Apply
115S Mission st.
SALOON and f»t, 4 rooms; opposite railroad
uppot; cheap rent; sellins on account of sick-
ness; at a bargain. Apply 721 Davis st.
WANTED to buy — Goo^ saloon; give price and
location. Address box 1SI5, Call ofHce.
FOIt rent— Hf me bakery; even, tools and fix-
tures for sale cheap. 222 Fourth et.
KOH sale — Well-rtocked and good-located ea-
loon; gocd business. C17 Seventh et.
FOR tale— Fruit and oyster Btan<3. 1176 Market
et.; cheap If told et once. t
HALF business horseshoeing shop for sale. £20Builders' Contracts.
fnion Trust Company (trustees of estate of
Famuel Lachman. owner) with ' Charles A.
Warren (contractor), architects Hemenway &
Miller — Excavation, shoring, underpinning,
pumping, draining and sand filling for a con
crete brick and wood, construction for a 1-story
and basement warehouse on lot on SB line of
Brannan street, 275 NE of Fourth. NE 137:6 by
SE 275; I33C0.
Same owner with George Goodman (con
tractor), architects Earner-Concrete work for
pame on Fame; tll.noo.
Same owner with Rocklln Granite Company
(a. corporation, contractors) — Granite work lor
came oi came: T2150.
Sim« owner with James A. Wilson (contrac- I
tcr). architects rame— Brick and terra cotta j
work, etc., for same on same: $6965. •
Same owner with Biller & Qualman (con- j
tractors), architects same — Carpenter work,
etc., for same on same; $24,500.
Max Posner (owner) with Val Franz (con- !
tractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg— Exca- !
vatlon. brick, carpenter and mill work,- plas
tering. Elazinpr. tinning and hardware for al
terations and additions to a 2-story and base
ment frame dwelling on SB corner of Webster
street and Pacific avenue. E 100 by S 30; $1550.
Charles Luttlcken (owner) with O. A. Crae. i
mer (contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer '
—All work except excavation, brick and elec
tric work, mantels, gas fixtures and window
shades for a 2-story and basement cottage on
N line of Kighteenth street. 100 W of Church.
W 27:6. N 119:9%, SE 28:7%, S lU:9'.i; J1635. j
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 26.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. 77 hours from
Seattle.
Br ship Kinross-shire, McKlnnon. 144 days
from Antwerp.
Brig J D Spreckela, Rookes, 3S days from
Guam.
SAILED.
f Tuesday, June 26.
Strnr North Iprk, McLellan, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, Klhel.
Schr Gotama, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson. ..
Schr Reliance. Larsen, ¦ .
Schr Impossible, Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Eureka.
RETURNED.
i Tuesday, June 26.
Schr Rio Rey, Captain Johnson, hence to-day,
returned on account of carrying away flying
jib stay on the bar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 26, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles.
DISASTER.
Bark Alaska, hence April 14, for Cape Nome,
is a total wreck at Cape Nome, having: broken
in two shortly after she was washed up on the
beach. Cargo is pratically a total loss.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, which the U S atmr
Bear had in tow, was dismantled, and probably
badly crushed.
SPOKEN.
June S. lat 3 N, Ion 28 W— Br ship Pelus,
hence March 8, for Queenstown.
May 17. lat 11 S. Ion 32 W— Ger ship C H
Watjen, from Cardiff, for Nagasaki.
Per stmr City of Puebla— June 26, 87 miles
NW of Point Reyes, bktn Addenda, from Co
lumbia River, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
/LONDON, June . 26— Br ship Canada, from
Norfolk, via Melbourne, for Manila, towed Into
Freemantle dismantled in a gale.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UNALASKA— Arrived June 18— Stmr Port
land, from Cape Norn*.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 28 — Stmr Del
Norte, from Eureka.
ABERDEEN— Sailed June 2ft— Stxnr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 2«— Br stmr
Duke of Fife, for Manila.
Arrived Jun. 26— Stmr Cottage City, from
Skaguay.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 26— Stmr Cleveland,
from Cape Nome; stmr Cottage City, from
Skaguay.
Sailed June 26— Br stmr Duke of Fife, for
Manila; stmr Cleveland, for Tacoma.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 26— Schr Se
quoia, from Port Hadlock.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived June 28— Schr
Newark, hence June 25.
CAPE NOME— Arrived June 12— Stmr Dora,
from Seattle.
To sail June 15— Stmr Portland, for San Fran
cisco.
CRECENT CITY— Sailed June 26— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 26-Schr North
Bend, for San Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived prior to June — ,
stmr Despatch, from Astoria; U S stmr Com
modore Perry, from Seattle; U S stmr Hugh
McCulloch, from Seattle.
In port previous to June 16 — Stmr Chas D
Lane, from Seattle; stmr Garrone, from Seattle;.
Nor stmr Here, from Oyster Harbor; U S stmr
Lawton. from Seattle; U S stmr Wheeling,
from Yokohama; schr Ruby A Cousins, from
Seattle; schr Martha W Tufts, from Seattle;
stmr Robert Dollar, from Seattle: schr Edith,
from Seattle; ettnr Sunol, hence May 21, with
barge In tow.
In port June 12— Stmr Humboldt, hence
Juno 2.
EUREKA— Arrived June 26— Schr Maxim, hnc
June 18; stmr W H Krager. from Tlllamook.'
Sailed June 26— Stmr W H Kruger, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 26— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 25— Schr No
komls, from Port Townsend.
SAX DIEGO— Arrived June 26— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 26— Br ship Plnmore,
for Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed June 26— Stmr
Newhurg. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 26— Bktn Tarn o'
Shanter, hence June 15.
MENDOCINO— Arrived June I— Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 25.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 26— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 25-Ship Wm H
Smith, for Port Townsend.
SYDXEY— Arrived June 24— Br stmr Aorangl,
from Vancouver.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived May 30— Stmr Dol
phin, from New York, for Puget Sound.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 25— Br stmr Robert
Adamsnn, hence June 21. I •
Pailed June 26 — Stmr Aztec, for Port Los
Angeles.
CARDIFF— Arrived June 21— Br ship St
Enoch, from Portland.
HULL— Arrrived June 23 — Br ship Crown of
Denmark, hence Feb 22.
SUNDERLAXD— In port June 14— Br bark In
vernHll. fcr Newcastle,- Aub.
LIVERPOOL— In port June 15— Br ship Crown
of Scotland, for .
ANJER— Passed about May 26— Br ship Pyre
nees, from New York, for Shanghai.
ANTWERP— In port June 14— Ger ehip Alster
kamp. for San Diego.
QUEENSTOWN*— Sailed June 23— Ger bark
Birma, for Galway.
CENTRAL AMERICA-Salled June 9— Ger
stmr Octnvla. for Hambure.
SHANGHAI— Sailed June 24— Br ship Orella,
for Oregon.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 24— Fr bark General
de Charette, for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 16— Schr
Mildred, hence May 29.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed June 86— Ship
Charmer, for St Michael.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 26-Stmr Kal
serln Maria Theresa, from New York, for
Southampton ond Bremen.
Sailed June 26— Stmr Trave, from Southamp
ton, for New York.
SC1LLY— Passed June 26— Stmr Spaarndam.
from New York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON — Awtived June 26 — Stmr
Kalserln Maria Theresa, from New York, via.
Cherbourg and Bremen. #
Sailed June 26— Stmr Trave. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 26— Stmr Domin
ion, from Montreal.
MOVILLE— Arrived June 26— Stmr Lake Hu
ron, from Montreal, for Liverpool.
• GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 26-Stmr Ems,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed June 20— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm II, from
Genoa and Naples, for New York.
PLYMOUTH-Salled June 26— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 26— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, etc.
Palled June 26— Stmr Georgic. for Liverpool;
Ftmr Batavia, for Hamburg, via Cherbourg.
Arrived June 2&— Stmr State of Nebraska,
from Glasgow.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived June 26— Stmr As
syrian, from Glasgow and I<lverpool, for Hall
fax and Philadelphia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WENDESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
11
Will carry one of their renowned
Dining Cars between Stockton and
Bakersfield.
Have you ever tried them ?
The train leaves from Market-
street Ferry Slip No. 3 at
On the .
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY HT. Established
In JN34 lor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Loet Alan hood. Debility or
disease rearing on body and mindand
Skin Dfieasea. Tbedoctorcnresvrneit
others faiL Try him. Charge* low
riirr«itii»rnnlrri Callorwrita
Dr. J. a-'. «>inBUK, Box 11*37. San FraacUco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LiESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO 8AX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 3:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:35,
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. n. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:39 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 D. m-
SUNDAYS-«-8:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
5:00, C:20 p. rn.
BAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WJ3EK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. E:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 o. in.
BUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. rn.
Between San Francisco and Schuetren Park
earnc schedule as nbove.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.] San Francisco
Week I Sun- I !" 8un- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.) days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 om Novato. 110:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:S0am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 1 10:25 am
6:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa.; 7:S5 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:2S am
Healdsburp. :
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j 110:25 am
3:23 pm| S:00 nm| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:50 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm (:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:16 am 8:40ara
¦ ' and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
TTsb ami 8:00am| 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm! 6:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rnsa for Mark West
Bprlnjrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lyt,ton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Sprlnzs: at Cloverdale
for the Ooysers,: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. ICelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Rprlnirs. Stxla Bay. Lnkeport and Bartlett
Springs : at Ukiah for Vichy Sprlncs. Saratoga
Spring's. Blue L "ces. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s. Bucknell's,
Ranhef in Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Eprlnes. Mendoclno City. Vort BracK. West-
port. ITsal, Williu, . Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Iiell's Springs, ll«rrls, Olscn's, Dyer, Scotl*
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all i points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 650 Market it.. Chronicle bldg 1 .
H. C. WHITING, R.:X.,RYAN.
General Manajer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: April 22. 13oSt
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V<Ali.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. *S:30, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. '1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *S:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m. -
- EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00. •$:«). '3:00, •W:00. U:00. 11:39
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. •%:&. 5:C0. S:00. 7:2»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:35. •8:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:U a.
in.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *S:SO. 4:30. 6:30_p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 jk. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. »8:C0. •»:«•, •11:00a. m.; »12:0O
m.: 1:00. 2:13. "3:30. 4:30. •5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 1O:»
p. m.
Trains marked Cy start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:53 1:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:JO a.
m.: 12:35 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:05. 10:03, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1:20 2:30, 3:45, 4:55, 6:1*. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
: THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. ' weekdays (Saturdays exeepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. rn. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. '
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stattoss.
At Buffalo th« strike of the Ironworkers
Is still on. They were receiving- 27^4 cents
per hour, and they demanded 31^ cents.
charleston;s.c,
AND RETURN, Yia the
Santa Fe Route
Tickets gooJ for sixty days and
sold on
JULY / and 2.
Take the first train on the new
lirfe leaving San Francisco at
9 A. M. SUNDAY, July 1.
Ticket Office at 628 Market St.
•dtTT«Bn» PACIFIC COBPAIX
(r.*rino sxirrBM.)
Trains leave nml nr* dne te> arrive M
man n:uiiH(«, .
{Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LBATX — From SIat 13, 1900. — AUira
•7:00a BenicU. Suiiun, Elmirrn. V»c»»tH*.
Rumasj »u«l Sacrxmento. .. ....... *7i4J#
•T«OO a Shasta Kxprnw — D»Ti». WUlbai (for
Bartlett Spiiajj). WlUan, lied
BluiZ. I'ortUnd. *7i4Sf
•7iSO4 MarUnex. 8»u lUmoo. Y»Il«jo, Jf»p%
C»Ii»ti'!j%»u«lM»nt» Rosa *0il9r
•S:OO* DhU, WoojUnd, KuighU Lsadlcf.
MirT«i!:e. urotiilB. «7t«3»
•¦iOOi AUkntte Kzpress-Oedea and East *11:I3«
"»i::oa 3*11 Jote. LlTcnaure. stuck tmi,
lone. Hacramento. PI%C(-t»LIu,
MmriTlUe. Chieo. K«d llliitT •«:l»f
•«s3o» O»k<!<r>. ChtnoM (for TMemtteX
Bouora. Carters. MilSr
•0:00* H»jvrar.is, tiilm sad Way .Station*. •! 1 1 13*
•O-.ooa Los Annies Express — MtrUuM.
Tney. Latkrop. ritockton. M«reed
udVrmo •«.«»
•9ilttt Taltrjii. Marllnsz ami War 8Uth>ns *Hi ».lr
• 1 0:00 a The OTerUud Limited— Ojdea, Dm.
rer. Omshft. t.'hlcsj-) *Sllllr
•11:00* Niles. U»erin'.r*. .Stockton. Hacr»-
mrulr Mendota. Baufurd. Viaalla.
ForKrr»IH« .... •••••up
• I2iOOm lUywwds. Nile* and Vfxj SUtlous. 'i:IV
tliOttpaacraiuentolClrerSteaiiiBis t3:«'»*
•3:OOp Haywsrds. Niles ami Way 8Utlonl. *3» 1.1 r
¦l:i»«r Martlnsx. Hail llamon. V»l!eja.
N»i-». C*;uitn < ». 8«uta Itou ¦VllSa
MiOOr Donicia, Winters, BserttsaqMh
Wooilland. UnittbU Laadl-5*.
MansTlllr. Orof Ills a l«t4f4
UiSOr Nlln. Htn Jo.e.ud Sto<Jttoo *7lta»
•3t«M>pTha Owl I.lmlt«d— Trair. Freino.
8«kenaeltl. Manguj (or a»ut» Bar-
bsrs, L(ti Artfa.'as. *9iI3a
•atOOrFraso P»iurgrr-MiJrtinri. Lath-
rop, Stockton. Mereml, Bereada
(lUymond tor Ywwmiie). rre«no.. •13il»r
•JiIDr New >rlrai» Expxeas— UakantlsUI.
Hanta !;,niiAr«, l,cs Angelas, Para*
Ijij. Kl fuo. New Orleans *ud
East •••«*
•SiBer H»..t» Fa Uonto— AtlKiitio Ksptsaa
for Uo|»n kihI Rut •»lt-t.1»
•«iO9r n*;wir,l«. Niles aod Man Ja*> *?>4» a
(fttoor Vali«jo *ia.i»»
•ttiOVrOrlenUt M»il-Ot!en. Cbsyena*.
Omaha. Chlcagu *11*Ma
*e:eop Oriental Mail— Ogdaa. DooTrr.
"Oraaba, Chicasn. '-iiiar
I7tOOr Valicjo, fott Coita and War Bta-
tlooa I9t53p
•SiO3p Oregon and California Kipreu.ftso-
Miueitto. M«r»«»il!». ItoiMliis.
i'ortt..i.i. r..»«t so.i».i ».„» r»»» *S)«l»a
COAST T'lTIVIOS (Harrow Uav;e).
\ (FoottmAra«tStreel.»
(7*4Aa&ant& Crux Cicuralon (or Santa
Cnu and Principal Wa> 9tack>aa t«!«»»
•••I3» IT«wmxk.t;>iut<-rillle.HaaJu»9. Fulton,
BoiilrIerCrn9k.8sntaCntZBD<l Ws*
HUtloHS ••:»•»
|9il3p Nswaric, CWetTllIs. Cau .loss, N«»
Alntmfieo, Fitltor*. !E«>nl4lar Crvak.
Sanla t.[iis Ami l'riucip&l "VV »y
MtaMm>a f ••"»••
'liHp Newark. Nan Jo««>, LnaGatos •«:.¦»•»
al»l3f Clenwool, Ff!h»n. BaAa Cms ««t»tt»4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mails ra»»«SW— Tnl »t M.r«.l StrtiKSlnS) —
•7:15 uco Jl00».u. (1:33 *2:83 13:90
M:C3 I!:C3 '8:03 f.H.
rrt.OlIUID— rj.l »-gr.iJ»,f— '8 ; 00 8:00 10:00l.SU
tl3:00 M:C3 t3:C3 '3:63 tt<8 •t-.OSfM.
COAST IMVIMO.1 UtnuiMi»uj{«).
(thin) and ro.vniemi SU.)
KiUtOenul VJoir. Ho.ith «»u rraneiseo.. «••*•*
t?»O«A Han Joss »«.! Way Htaili.iia (Saw
«lniaU«> \\V.l 1 ,e«(i%y»t.i.lj) *li»e?
S7iS0a SumUj Excursion lr R»n Jos*.
Daat* Cri2, Pacific Grot* and
Prbuapal Way Stations ISiSSv
•».OO» Mau Juw. Tm Viium. Hiuita Ctv.z,
raeiUc ll^it. !"•*• Kiiblea. »»»
l.iii* Olnni'O. Untt, Lompoe ami
. Principal Way .Stalitms 'l:10f
•l».li», gag j,, 89 ,,,,| MTay HUtioua '"iMi
•lii;ic>» .s»ii.).,««,Lo S f:»v«.i...nv«jst»»ion» •SiMr
t»rl3r8an Matco, UmiTtood. Uenio Pit*.
r»lo Alto, Hanta Clara, Has Jiwa.
Tres Pino*. UanU Cm*, Salinas,
Mooterey and I'aeltlc Urott |I0:H(I«
f liiar Mu Joh tn<l Way Stations *?::inp
MslSr San Joaaaml Prtncipa! Waj Htatloua •»: 1.1 a
t3:oopa»a imp, Los Gatot and rrincipml
WsyKUtlons t»:OO%
*3:3»r flan Jots ami Principal Way Station* IAsS-I*
•et3»r San Joss ami WayHtations »«:«»»
*lli4.1r San Jwtm.l Way S>^ti.m» *~:.1Or
A for Mocnn.f p for AlUmnon '
"Daily. t Sunday excepted. I Mundiy only.
I Saturday only.
• SatoxtU* aad Sunday. « 3nndaf aad M»~<*-a^
CALIFORNIA HORTHWESTERH R'Y CO.
Lessee of San Francisco and North Paei.dc
Railway Company.
The Picturesque Route of California.
FOR THE
On TUESDAY anT WEDNESDAY,
July 3 and -4-,
Round-trip tickets will be sold from San Fran-
cisco to all points north of San Ra-
fael at the rate of
ONE SINGLE FARE
As follows:
Petaluma %l 00 Geyserville $2 B5
Santa RoJ>a 1 50 Cloverdale 3 00
Sabastopol 1 80 Hopland 3 SO
Guerneville 3 50 Ukiah 4 50
Windsor 1 95 Sonoma 1 CO
HeaJdsburg 2 25 Glen Ellen 1 20
Lytton 2 40
Return Limit. THURSDAY, July 5th. 19C0.
On SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY.
j June 30th, July 1st, July 2d. Round trip tickets
will be sold from San Francisco to all points
north of San Rafael at the following RE-
DUCED RATES:
Petaluma $150 Oeyserville J3 83
Santa Rosa. 2 25 Cloverdale 4 50
Sebastopol 2 70 Sonoma' 150
Guernevlllft 3 75 Olen Ellen 180
Windsor 2 95 Hopland 5W
H«»ldsburg ,. 3 40 Ukiah 5 0*>
Lytton 3 60)
Return Limit, THURSDAY, July Sth. 1900.
For further Information apply Rt ticket office,
650 MARKET ST.. Chronicle building, or TIB-
URON FERRY, foot of Market rt. General
office. Mutual Life building. 222 Kansome st.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agent.
H. C. WHITING. Oenyal Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Pan Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2:31 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN'.
PALACE HOTEL
Tbe high standard of excellenct main-
tained by these hotels Is recogntzltt and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
1 tldlous clientele who regularly make them
their headquarter* when In Ean Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesale
and chopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with tho further advantage of.
having street cars to all points of Interest
paes the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to Jl 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot"
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
room ; ' elevator runs all night.
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LVW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931. ¦.„ •-.; ./¦ -
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell,
Ean Francisco. ¦
KCAI. 7STATC CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
19 MONTGOMERY STREET.
ilARKKT STREET CORNER.
Near fity Hail; £7:?xl37:G; a pplendid oppor-
tunity; only 543.500.
H -STREET FRONTAGES.
Frveral choice lots on this thoroughfare at
rruxSerate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS nESIDENCE.
S2~.:.<(±— r.i<-<fic ave. repiJence; elecant modern
residence. IT rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for *n up-to-date homo; lot 37:€xi;2:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
*":.r.0O-Third ft. corner; 137:<:xl37:6; store «jid
Tats; coo<i improvements: rents tZIQ.
ST7.5Oft Polmatn rt. corner: manufcoturinR dis-
trict; 3 Ir^nuifcos: rents $17;?; lut i00xS7:«.
Ill.WXV-Kents SH3; Castro ft. coiner; stores
r.r.ci fiats; lot EOkSO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
T"C:^— Ritch bt.; a flats; rents Jtl SO: lotHxSO.
;r>uo— Rer.t* $6,*; Natorr.a Ft., near Sixth; coal
yiri and 4 flats above; let CTxTS.
RESIDENCE FKOPEUTY.
Q8.OT0 ' T*l i« ¦ reduced; Washington st. resi-
flcaoe with line marine view; laree garden;
y :r. all ''.ay; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fail to sec
t'lts property.
S2Tr, >— Richmond district; entirely new: 2 cot-
tarrs: modem in every respect; easy terms.
fXjyk ' fijnirt district; 2 handsome new mod-
"rrr. residence*, just t'cmrleted; C rooms acd
batb ii r : . ' :-,er.t; lot SSxlSt; cary terms.
14000— 6tetoer rt.. near niJis; cottage 4 rooms;
VACANT LOT?.
: " .."¦ SCesj ave.; corner; S2xlO3.
¦ :--=idio Heights; comer; 137:Cxl27:SV.
•¦¦:¦¦ view; choice residence let.
A COTTAGE IN THS COUNTRY.
-Miil Valley cottase. o !tx.ms and bath;
»:.;;;-¦ Caietiad attic; !ar»;e lot; will trade lor
rty. BALDVV1N <fc HOWELL,
It) J!ontc:cmery t-
AttGXXN ar.d Faerifice; 2 flats; nrst-
- .:.:i -roveineati; rents $31; pays 8 per cent
'•:••. Apply R. ilcCOLOAN. 1* ilont-
r;- ft., room S. -
< • -TUB cheapest buy in town; will more
:: doable the value inside of I 1 ) years: to
lose an estate vrill be sacrif.ccd notr; an ete-
l Mark^t-st. property onst of Valencia,
_, la r-nr street. Apply K. McCOLGAN.
:; Mflctsna>cry ft., rocra 3.
t •::•"•— THE fr^rt bargain :n the city: cost $13,093;
4 fiats, 2 motps; rents JSS. SE. Stockton and
Grewawich. Apply It. McCOLGAN. S* Mor.t-
(.r'r.v-y Ft., rocrrs 2.
!<¦:>¦ ijr.i'.S nouses and Cats buiit at lowest
jrlity; ;.i.ia? ari'l •"¦•tirr.atc-s furnished for all
t _!:<:>;• wr-k. CAMPKKLL. 1H7 Mission st.
*{l*\i. !;> fATlC— i;oL">'I'lf For Sale
F<MI SALE— Acre and cottage, Pan Rafael;
bcautiftil rlcw. C. HENDERSON. 3)4 Mort-
Bomcry et.
1 ' 'H J5AL.1-;— Oood-paying Investment; country
I tel: r«-r.'.M at J.'-f. Kcr particulars apply at
Ki:thT.fM wttPCT Eddy and Taylor st».
UUUUb FUU UOCSKlvKEriXG.
BUFII. *2i24— 3 sunnj - furnished rooms for
hooaekgeptm: bath.
i:i'i>Y. C"'4— urr.y suite of rooms, kitchen, pas
Ktove; rucalnc water; comrilo-te for boose-
: y-s- .
EDPV. 917— Very d^Flrahle housekeeping rooms,
furnished; no children: private residence.
EIGHTH, 1!>S— Sunny front room; kitchen;
ian?*>; hot and cold water; sun»y pcrca ani
s 'hti.'.nsrj" wafhtubs; ?12.
FlrTH. C r 3— Furnished flat, 3 ro^ms, $11; one
hnusekeTiinjr. $7; flr.Kle bedrooms, fi and S'o.
FIFTH. 3JS — i=uite of rooms furnished for
hrusekc-eping; cheap rent.
FO LS ( ">M. lot— Three unfurnished rooms for
hous=eke<Ting: hot and cold water; range.
iFOLSOM. ',76'i— 2 r.eatly furnished connecting
hous« keerir.j?" rooms; also 1 single room.
BAB1USON. 731—3 rooms, furnished complete
fn r housekeeping; large yard: rent »3.
J1OWAKD, lf>Cl— Two completely lumished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; running water
MINNA. 212 — 3 furnished rooms and bath for
housekeeping.
VIPSI^N. 1275—2 frost and 1 rear connecting
i-oorns; furnished; coal etove; running water.
JIIFSION. 1604 — Sunny front bay-window rooms;
kitchen; housekeeping; private.
MISSION. V3SPJL near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room; folding bed. stove, bath, laun-
<5ry; $5 a nacr.tfc. ', .
OAK, H-6snay unfurclshed aad furn'.Ehed
housekeeping rooms; statlonar?- tubs; bath.
OCTAVIA, 34C3. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow; mantel; caa burners for cooking for 2;
_ flO-
POLK. ?2r— Frrsished aafl ur.furnlehed house-
kecplr.g rocrr.s.
¦fILVER. 163. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen.
famished for housekeeping:.
€OCTH PARK. IS*— 1 or 2 IBBT front rooms;
r.ic*-iy furnished for housekeeping.
STUBK, f.43— Pur.ny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete f<;r housekeepirs; jas Ftove; bath; J3 25
a iveek.
CLASFIFIED aavertisements and rubperiptiens
rccrivp-l at Call branch of lice. 220" Fillmore st.
UOOMS TO LET I'urn. and Infarn.
A— ERVN'SWICK HOU?E, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 z*t night, $1 »5 to %i per week, and
light hou-sekeepir*; open all night.
BURNETT. 112S Market et. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nish. .-ir.f., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 545— Nice!/ furnished rooms at
reasonable rat«s.
ELLIF, E1S — >'ewlj" fumi«*i^d rooms for gente
or eents and wives seeking permanent loca-
tion. , ¦
FULKOM. *6o. cor. Cth O"be Oli\'er)— Newly fur-
'r.irhfd funny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOi:RTH7^2rWCiceIy~furnlshed bay-window
ari liaxl* rooros; moderate; quiet.
CKATIV. 4<» Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; «"Vit«Mi or single; travelers acco' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, routheast corner Seventh
sr.'J Mission rts. — Funny rooms, «>n suite or
sir.=>. Ic.'iloi* parior; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; eingle: tran-
f;T,;; rraths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SS9. cor. Cth— N'icely furnished Funny
rooms r*asonabie;_by day, we«-k or month.
»IINNA, «C7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
whiiow rriorn, fl pr week; transient.
IIIPPION. 122V n«-«r r.ow Postofflce— Nicely
furnished eingle front room, $5.
JCEW Arlircton. IC'IS Market— Nicely furnished
rct^mr; C.V a day up; T2 a week up; transient.
fiTAUREIX. 20 — 5unny furriished rooms and
otf.cfs; elevator: electric light? ; day. wk.. mo.
J'fif-"T, T3T'— Bohemia; finest Funny rooms in city
for fAmilip* and pfntlemen; all conveniences;
rf !'-r« lies from the be«t people In city.
KiWKLL. 121— L'.ght. clean rm«. ; suites or sln-
Cle; transient; rur.r.lr.g water; rates reduced.
HOP EDALE House.818 end 221 Ellis «t— Rooms.
right. £5c to II; week, tl 2i to $4; open night.
ROYAL TTOTrSE. l2«~Enli St.— Incandescent
tight, reading room, smoking room and lades'
jiarlor; rooms, per nicht. ZZc to Jl 50; week, $Z
to $?; month 15 to 120; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EIir.nMAS Apartment House, 28 Eighth tt7,
v.'Zr Market— F*umishe<! or unfurnished.
FIXTH, 31?A— Sunny bay-window rooms. $2 E0 a
w*«>k: also ningle rooms.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny front
bay-window room*; also sickle room.
71IE OAKS. Il» Third— A pood rooming ho-js«
for £¦ ¦: people. H. HUGHES, proprietor.
fLAFSIFIED &<5\'ertl*rment? and srjbsrriptlons
r«"^lved at Call branch office, 22(K) Flllmore.
- I i
1 too MS AMJ ttOAllD. ;¦
CALIFORNIA. SC7— An rrcellent opportunity to
f- '-ur* particularly d«:-Firable aecom. at mrxj-
r»fce»; sT>^rial rafen familip*: 5unny rms..
r-n Buite or Finicle: bc« tahle in Ban Franrl«cn.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND. 7S1 Sutt*>r-Choicest
1 cation; finely fnrnilhffl; superior table; *>!<»-
vaxor; Flngl* rcomc. with bo«»rd, $20 up; suits <
1n proportion. I
THE BltADBURT.JfC* California-New modern }
family hotel; excellent table: 100 beautifully j
fum'.fhed rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 27TL j
8* 1 " •¦•j-XTV-FIXTir. 2S77. near Mission — Nicely-
f jrr.ifh'd sunny rooms, with or without j
lx"'ard, at \ery reasonable prices. j
TRANKLIN. D^S. near Fulton— Sunny front
parlor; good board; bafh: ga«; J35; for couple. !
LAS r ALMAS. JS2Q Market St.— Suite of 3 or S
rra».: private; tath; Kin. rms.; board optional.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO.. <3S MonlEcrm-ry Ft. rooms 9-10; tel. i*S0. I
1
KEWnc MACHINES AXD SCPFLIKS.
ALL kinds bourht. nt4 and repairing guaran-
tf»d. Chan. Plambeck. 1<<15 Mission, nr. lith.
JIENTED, repaired, bought sold; machine k\3.v-
t.lies. Standard 'Agency. 141 Cth; r/honc Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, pcld. exchanged, rented;
rf|.-a:nr.g at lnwnt rate*. ?.& Fourth «t. !
STORAGE AM7~WAItEHOLSL:S.
WILSON BROS., storage and movinr; covered
van>. Tenth ar.d Market; phone South TC2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. 2TJ9 Flllmore *t.; phone Jack«on 2S1.
BKK1XS Van end Storage Co.. TlJTMiwion St..
tel. Main 1S«O— Packing, moving and storage, j
TYPEWRITERS AXD SCI'1'L.IES.
GREAT BARGAINS fN"TYPEWRITifRS^W r e
sell belter machines for Ies3 money than any
house in the oity; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Ksrhangc. ;Z5 California, telephone Main 2C6.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOI'SE 6 rooms: good condition: responsible
Party; SIP. 90S Eagia ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BLRKELEY COTTAGES TO F.ET.
FOR rent— Handsome furnished cottage, stable;
convenient local Berkeley. C. HENDERSON,
? r '4 Mnnt."orof ry St. _^^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 • BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUT DOWNTOWN FOR GOOD RENTS.
$2100 — Pays J2t per month; two flats of 5 rooms
each within two blccks of Broadway, down-
town; rays over 13 per cent; owner away and
anxious to sell.
GEO. W: AUSTIN & CO..
lftOS Broadway. Oakland.
$2750 — COMFORTABLE home of 10 rooms with
sunny front; only 3 Mocks from Broadway;
right downtov.n; will rent for ?35 per month:
suitable fcr two families; a big bargain and
u forced eale; look into this.
GEO. W. AVSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
1008 Broadway.
WANTED— Read this: Want an 8-room house
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will Kive J10CO
rarh and a Rood property consisting of an S-
roora flat worth $1000. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
BLOCK G4. must be soM. near 23.1 ave.. lTth St.,
East Ocklar.'i; a rarp chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
tp» r.th St.. nnst Oakland.
OAKLAND FT'RXISHED COTTAGES.
TO let for three months— Furnished cottage;
Highland Park, East Oakland; C large rooms;
pas. water, bath; delightful location; no fos
<t wind: near 2 car linos: 1 hour from city.
O'Hr.urkp & Jackson. lf*02 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLHXITL'HK l'Oll SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture rjpaler. nth nnd Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
St.. corner of Sutter— The Board of Directors
<iec!ar«»<l a dividend for the term ending June
SO, 1300. at the rate of three and one-quarter
(3^) per cent per annum on al! d<?po«it«, free
of taxes, and payable on and after July 2.
I* 11 ). Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rat» of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1. 1900.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
Hl'MBOLDT Pavings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st. — The directors have declared the fol-
lowing: semi-annual dividends: 3.G0 per cent
t per annum on term and 2 per cent per an-
num on ordinary uepoFlU. payable on and
j after July 2. 1300. ERNEST BRAND, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Saving* Bank of
San Fmncisco. 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June SO, 1900. a dividend has
b?en declared at the rate of three (3) per cent
per annum en all deposits, free of tax<»s, pay-
able on and after Monday. July ;, 1900
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 1M (fifty
cent? per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. S2T Market st.. en and after MON-
DAY. July 2. UN. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday. June 26. MCQ. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union. 5?2 California st., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1S00, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per
cent on term deposits and three (3) per cent
en ordinary deposits, free of "tax^s, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 2 1900
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. f>26 California Ft.— For the half
year ending with June 30. WOO, a dividend has
been d»clared at the rate of three and one-
half (3H) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY,
July 2. 1S00. GEO. TOUR NY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, Office o7~GeneraY"su-
perintendent U. S. Life-saving Service. Wash-
ington. D. C. June IS. 19C0— Sealed proposals
will lie received at this office until 2 o'clock
p. m. of Thursday, the 12th day of July, 1900,
ar.4 then pub!' ly opened, for furnishing sup-
plies required lcr use of the Life-saving Ser-
vice for the Si-cnl year ending June 30. 1901;
the FUi>plies to be delivered at such points lr
New York City. Grand Haven, Mich.. an<
Fan Francisco. Cal., as may be retired, anc
in the quantities named in the FpeciflcationF.
The supplies needed consist of beds and bed-
dlnp: blocks and sheaves: eordape: crockery:
furniture; hardware; lamps, lanterns, etc.;
lumber; medicines, etc.; paints, oils, etc.;
snip chanulfry; Ftoves, etc.; tool* and mis-
cellaneous articles; all of which are enumer-
ated in the specifications attached to the form
of bid. etc., -.vhlch may be obtained upon ap-
plication to this office or to the Inspector of
Life-yavinR Stations. 17 State St., New York
City: Superintendent Eleventh Life-saving
IJiFtrirt. Grand Haven. Mich., and Superin-
tendent Twelfth Life-saving District, New
Appraiser^ Stores, Ran 'Francisco, Cal. En-
velopes containing proposals Fhould be ad-
dressed to the "General Superintendent IT.
P. Lifp-savinR- Service. Washfnirton, -D. C."
and marked on the outside "Proposal for An-
nual Supplies." The right is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, and to waive defects, if
darned for the interests of the Government.
HORACE L. PIPER. Acting- General Super-
intendent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Jean B. Lande. 28. 5015 California street, and
Madeleine St. Faux. 2k <49 Jersie street.
Andr<: Mar?n, 41. 1»27 Sutter Btreet, and Ger-
trude L. Gould. 24, 3H Hyde street.
I™:. at?. Levy, 25, 1SH Post street, and Carrie
Harris. 2.". €27 Eddy street.
Mprry Hamilton. 42. 42 Turk street, and
Annie Douglas. 34. Strokton.
Fr'd C. fictirmann. 23. Dlmond, Alameda
County, nni I«ar>e!le Smith. 22. 1C3 Congress Ft.
Harnard McCaffrry, 33, Salinas, and May Mc-
Evoy. 21. city.
¦\Vllliam Ryan. 25. 2^11 Twentieth street, and
Johanna O'Brien. ZJ. 759 Brannan etreet.
Peter N. Anderson. 24, 2013 Folsom street, and
Marcella Fhannahan, 19. 73 Fourth street.
Louis H. Friedman. 24. 121 Russ street, and
Sarah Schnitzer. 21. 1307 Golden Gate avenue.
Jamp? Ralph Jr.. 30. 341C Twenty-first street,
and Annte M. Reid, 18. 3445 Twentieth street.
Harry B. Havens. 27. IS Mason street, and
Anni* M. McCarty. 18, corner Seventh and Bry-
mnt ttr~?ts.
Ixnjls B. OrallTU. 81. Sixth avenue, South San
Francisco, and Germalne Bose, 24, 1320 Stock-
ton etrret.
Theophile J. M. Carnus. 23. Sixth avenue,
Bouth San Francisco, and Victorine Feutrler.
34. €29 Third Mrwt.
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of. per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FROHMAN-In tW* city,' June 24. 1*00, to the
wife of Ht-nry Frohman, a daughter.
MACKAKLAN'K — In this city. June 24, ISOfl, to
the wife of William J. Macfarlane of Glas-
gow, Scotland, a son.
MAGNAN— In this city. .Tun* 23, 1900, to the
tofe cf Marcel Magnan. a pon. r^j
MARRIED^
iVOLF— ROLF— In this city, June 23. K-00, by
the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. John Wolf and
Carla Rolf, bnth or Sin Francisco.
DIED.
Andrews, diver Hayes. Henry F.
Jlnl'Jwln. T>av!d. K«*nnard, Eugene H.
Bayrr. Mfba C. Lee Gar Chin. Rev.
]5elshaw, Jenny E. McNulty, James M.,
H.-ar.ut. Bernard L. M. D.
Chisholm. Archibald Mahoney, Thomas S.
Conwav. Patrick Marshall. Elwilda
Cordano. Girolamo Patton. Jasper X.
l ; "cnn, Lymnn J. Pettls, Persfs H.
OallaRher, James Emith.Rarlow J..M.D.
Glascock. Mrs. n. n. Timlin. Theresa
OtinnlKon. C. Robert \Vein«. Robert F.
Ilarc<3»rn, Mildred 'Welsh. Ella
Ivanisevich, Captain "Wiiilamc, Frank J.
Tomaso Zilor. William
ANDREWS— In this city. June 26. 1900. Oliver
Andrews, beloved husband of the la.te Kllza-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<£ucresscre to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M;r.
rUXERAXi DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS,
M FUth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
AlcAVOY &. CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1233 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. g
beth Andrews, and beloved father of Mrs.
H. C. Grotheer, Mrs. A. L. Grotheer and Lin-
coln J. Andrews, a native of Maine, aged 71 ,
years and fi months.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. J. L. Alken. 11SS
Xoe street, near Twenty-flfth.' Interment I.
0. O. F. Cemetery.
BALDWIN— In this city. June 26. 1900. David,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Bald-
win, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
BAYER— In this city. June 26. 1300. Meba Cath-
erine, dearly beloved daughter of William
E. and Millie A. Bayer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months.
CyFuneral strictly private.
BELSHAW— la this city. June 28. 1900. Jenny
E. '.Belshaw. v.-idow of thf> late M. W. Bel-
shaw, and mother of C. M. Belshaw. a na-
tive of Herklmer County. New York, aged
ti4 years 3 months and 8 days.
CyFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her
late rpfidence, 1626 Jackson street.
BHANDT-In this city, June 23. 1000, Bernard
£>.. beloved husband of Emelle Brandt, and
father of Isauc B. L. and Louis B. Brandt of
Han Francisco and Mrs. Louis Liebos of New
York, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 76
years 10 :nonths and 7 days.
£5"Frirnd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1318 Sutter street, thence by 11:3*
o'clock train from Third and Townsend streets
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for cremation.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late vice
president, B. L. Brandt, this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, from his late residence,
1318 Sutter street. S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
CHISHOLM— In the City and County Hospital,
June 26, 1900, Archibald Chisholm, a native of
Neva Scotia; ased 60 years.
CONWAY— In this city. June 25. 1900. Patrick
Conway, clearly beloved husband of Annie
Conway. and father of Charles Conway, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 50
years.
tCTFriendfs and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend thq funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 152 West Mission street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, corner Tenth and Howard streets, for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORDANO-Vln the City and County Hospital,
June 26, I?00. Glrolamo Cordano, a native of
Italy, aged 52 years.
FENN— In this city. June 23. 1900, Lyraan J..
lieloveS husband of De-lia Fenn, and father of
C. B.. J. A. and L. J. Fenn. a native of New
York, aeed 70 years.
E?The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 40,7.' N'tneteenth street, near Castro. In-
terment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. June 25, 1S0O,
James, beloved husband of Ellen Gallagher,
a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
ICT Friends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 91S Bnxierick street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencingr at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-,
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Pleas'! omit flowers.
GLASCOCK- In Seattle. June 24. 19C0, Mrs. B.
B. Glase^ck. sister of Mrs. Richard Bayne.
GI"NNISOX— C. Robert Gunnlson. a native of
Norway, aged 6S years 9 months and 11 days,
HAGEDORN— In this city, June 26, 1900, Mil-
dred, dearly beloved daughter of Alwin and
MaKgie Hagedorn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 17 days.
EXXotice of funeral hereafter.
HAYES— In this city. June 25, 12C0, Henry F.,
beloved husband of Amy C. Hayes, and father
of Grace. Homer and Vernon Hayes, aged 60
years.
ETTrionrts and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:10 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15,
1. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IVANISEVICH— In Stari-grad. Austria. June
1, lWXi, Captain Tomaso Ivanisevich, beloved
hurband of Cornelia Ivanisevich, and father
of Mrs. I. V. Tadich of San FrancisCo, Kate
and Teter Ivanisevich. Mrs. NT B«?llch and
_Mrs. V. Viglio, aged 7S years.
KENNARD— In this city. June 23, 1900, Eu-
gene H.. beloved son of John H. and Lu.u
Kennard, a native of San Francisco, agei o
months.
LEE GAR CHIN— Rev. Lee Gar Chin of the
Methodist Episcopal Chinese Mission, In this
city, June 26, 1&00. a native of China, aged 43
years.
ICT'Frlends are resaectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the Methodist Episcopal
Chinese Mission. 916 Washington street.
McXULTY — Entered Into rest at Santa Bar-
bara. Cal., June 23. 1900, James M. McNulty,
M. D.. beloved husband of Anna E. McNulty,
a native of New York State. (New York, San
Antonio and Seattle papers please copy.)
IC?"Friends and members of the G. A. R.
and Loyal Legion are requested to attend tho
funeral services this day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, at the chapel of the crematorium,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In the City and County Hospital.
June 23. 1300, Thomas S. Mahoney, a native of
New York, aged 45 years.
MARSHALL— In Watsonvllle. June 24, 1900,
Elwilda. Marshall, beloved wife of Frank S.
Marshall, and daughter of Mr». J. Muhlbach.
a native of Pan Francisco, aged 24 years 2
months and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3112 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage;-.
PATTON — In Alameda. June 25, 1500, Jasper
Newton Patton, husband of Sophie Patton.
and father of Charles Patton.
CTFunoral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 1119 Union Ftreet. between Encinal and
San Antonio avenues, Alameda. (Narrow-
gauge ferry from San Francisco at 1:45
o'clock, stopping at Chestnut-street station,
Alameda.) Interment rrivate. .
PETTIS— In this city, June 26. 1900. at the hrrme
of h<>r daughter, 1110 Clay street, Persls
Hathaway Pettls, beloved mother of Mrs.
W. 8. Urmy and Edmond H.. John E.. Wil-
liam H. and Rev. Charles E. Pettls. and sis-
ter of Valentine snd the late Charles W. and
Edmond V. Hathaway, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 90 years 2 months and 22 days.
(Vallejo papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Methodlsr
Episcopal Church at Vallejo. Remains will
be at the home of Mrs. W. S. Urmy until 6:30
a. m. Thursday.
SMITH— In this city. Barlow J. Smith. M.D..
beloved husband of Augrusta T. Smith, and
father of E. Cotton Smith, Mrs. W. B. Ewer
and Mrs. A. H. Winter, a native of Wal-
llngford. Conn., aged 73 years and 9 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the chapel
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TIMLIN— In this city, June 2G, 1900. Theresa,
belrvvod wife of William Timlin, daughter of
Mrs. Johanna Orlffln, and Bister of feiamuel
Griffin, a nitive of San Francisco, aged 23
years.
WEIcS— In this city, June 24. 1300. Robert F..
beloved husband of Anita Weiss, father of
Juar.ita Weiss, and brother of John W. and
Th'ndoria Weiss of Boston, a native of Ger-
many, need 31 years and 10 days. (Boston
papers please cony.)
(TTTrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 713 Turk street, between Van Ness ave-
nue and Franklin street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
WELSH— In Watsonville. June 24. lftOO, Ella
beloved daughter of James and Ellen Welsh,
and loving sister of Richard, Maggie,. John
and James Welsh, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years and 3 months.
E7"Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. 21 Hardy street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
WILLIAMfc-In this city, June 26. 1900. Frank
J., beloved son of Frank J. and Tekla Wil-
liams, and brother of Evyllne and Florence
Williams, a native of Tiburon, Marln County,
aged 4 months and 3 days.
ZILOR-In this city, June 26. 1D00, William
Zllor, eldest and beloved son of Mrs. Eliza
Jesson. late of Fresno, a native of Kansas,
ased 39 jears.
CARD OF THANKS,
We desire to return to California Parlor and
to the onler in general of the Native Sons
of the Golden West our heartfelt gratitude
and thanks for their kindness and at'entlon
durin; the sickness and 'death of my dearly
loved husband, J. J. Jamison. Words fall me
to express my appreciation.
MRS. J. J. JAMISON.
J MRS. ROBERT JONES.
Ticket Offices
628 Market Street
And Market-Street
Ferry»Fell Into an Elevator Shaft.
William J. Humphreys, 11 RauscM street,
was walking along Grant avenue yester
day afternoon, and at Geary street he be
came faint and staggering fell Into a side
walk elevator 3haft. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that his left leg: was broken by the fall.
J. D. Welch. 1624 Turk street, "I was driv
ing along Twenty-fifth street yesterday
afternoon when his horse bolted. He was
thrown from the wagon at Hoffman ave
nue,, and when taken to the Receiving
Hospital It was ¦ found that, his left
shoulder blade was broken.
Injured in a Bunaway.
James Norton.
C7he Ray's £)ead
LONDON. June 25.— James Norton, prin
cipal of the Lakeview College of Chicago,
111., died at Southampton this morning.
CHICAGO, June 26.— James Norton was
principal of the Lakevlew High School In
Chicago. ; He left Chicago about the 1st of
June to attend the Paris Exposition. Com
missioner Peck having appointed him one
of the judges of awards in the educational
department. Mr. Norton was the only liv
ing male relative of the late Frances E
Willard. He was graduated from the Uni
versity of Michigan. .
Ex-Senator A. P. Hall.
SACRAMENTO, June 26.— A. P. Hall,
ex-Senator from Placer County, died at
his home in Penryn to-day. He arrived
from the East yesterday in a very feeble
condition. He was a prominent fruit
grower and well known in Odd Fellow
circles.
"Wine Is Hot Barred.
The first sljrn of grace on the part of
the Terras Health Board in regard to
the quarantine of California Broods came
Monday by way of an official announce
ment from Texas authorities that Cali
fornia wines would be exempted from
quarantine strictures. '
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents for Western Inventors and
Postofflce Changes.
Special Dispatch to_The Call.
.WASHINGTON, June 26.— The following
patents were issued to-day:
¦ "• California— Matthew P. Bong. Golden date,
filter presH; Edmund C. Burr, San Francisco,
sulfuratlon tank, also discharging mechanism
for measuring tanks for carbonators, also filter
press and pulp press; ¦ Ernest A. Faller, San
Francisco, manhole cover; Cicero M. Hobby.
San Diego, air pump; Thomas Law, San Ja
clnto. tool for slitting and cutting off well
casings; Mason S. Norton. San Francisco, mall
box time Indicator; W. II. P. Murphy. San
Jose, newspaper wrapper; Charles D. Smith,
Corning, wire splicing tool; David AI. Smyth,
Pasadena, signature gatherer; Anthony W.
Thlerkoff, Redding, Index for mechanical ac
count apparatus.
Oregon — George J. Friend. KIngsley, weed
destroyer and cultivator; Prescllla Stephens,
Express, keyhole guard; Marcus R. Yates, E.
P. Light . and E. Hlmebaugh, Pendleton, corn
planter. |
Washington— Wellesley R. Hampden, Spo
kane, stove; Charles J. Stuart, Puyallup. re
frigerator box. '^
The Comptroller of the Currency has
authorized the First National Bank of
Long Beach, Cal., to begin business, with
a capital of $25,000. J. M.. Elliott is presi
dent and C. L. Heartwell cashier.
Rural free delivery has been ordered es
tablished at Oarpenteria, Santa Barbara
County, on July 2, with >. John V. ¦ R.
Rockwell carrier.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Caroline B. Edwards, Presidio.
Chinese Vagrants.
Two half-witted Chinese, Ah Him and
Deer Sing, were sent to the County Jail
by Judse Fritz yesterday for six months
each. They have been a nuisance in
Chinatown, and were arrested by Ser
geant Mahoney's squad. Deer KInp has
only be<?n out of Jail for ten days. He ex
prfssed a willingness to return. Ah IJim
to!d the Judge he would prefer San Quen
tin, as the work was too hard at the
County Jail.
Case of Mistaken Identity Leads to
Coolness Between Two Peace
Guardians.
There is a coolness existing at present
between Police Officers T. W. Handly and
J. H. Crowley. which will not be appeased
by any amount of explanations. Handly
13 recognized as being the handsomest
man with stripes on his trousers on the
entire police force. This beauty won for
him a gate prize— a case of wine— at the
last picnic given by the Society of Eagles.
Handly's modesty overcame him when
the time arrived for the presentation of
tho winning ticket to Bendy Hay, a gro
cer on "Valencia street, who put up the
prize for the picnic. To get the wine and
still retain his modesty was a task of no
small consequence, but after thinking the
thing over for a few nights Handly ar
rived at a solution. This was to give the
card calling for the liquid to tils friend
Detective Jack Fitzgerald of the Mission
division. Fitzgerald handed the card to a
brother officer wjth instructions to have
the beverage sent to Handly's residence
at 4417 Twentieth street. Bendy Hay rec
ognized the order and at once dispatched
the case of wine to the residence, but
alas! "Handsome" was out on duty and
tho wine was left at the corner bakery
In the meantime Officer Crowley, who
lives at 4409 Twentieth street, arrived at
the bakery for his daily bread, and the
man who mixes the dough told him there
was a case of wine for him. This un
expected news filled him with Joy. He
picked up the case and carried it to his
home, and at once reported to his supe
riors that ho wished to be excused for a
week on very important special business.
In the meantime Handly wondered why
his wine did not come, and lost no time
in digging up Jack Fitzgerald for an ex
planation. Jack Is at all times ready to
explain, so he told the handsome man
of what he had done. It did not take
"Handsome" long to discover where the
nigger was in the woodpile. Since then
Handly^'has positively refused to be
Crowley's rear rank man on dress pa
rade. The atmosphere assumes a Klon
dike chill Just now as the two "cops"
pass each other by. Fitzgerald ¦ blushes
at his blunder in beating "Handsome"
out of the wine and sending It to a man
who took a week off duty to consumo it.
OFFICER CROWLEY GOT
"HANDSOME" HANDLY'S WINE
Automobilists Organize.
The Automobile Club Is now an estab
lished fact. A meeting of devotees of the
horseless vehicle was held . Monday In
the Parrott building and the following
i.amed officers were elected: President S
D. Ropers; vie? president. J. M. Wllki'ns;
treasurer. A. K. Brooke Ridley; secretary
B. L. Ryder. The purpose of the organiza
tion is social. An executive committee,
composed of Joe C. Saxton. Byron Jack
son. T. T. Williams. Professor J. B. Mc-
Chosney end Mr. Ridley, ¦was appointed
to frame resolutions and by-laws for the
club. ¦ -¦:¦ .
UNCLE COLLIS BUYS
LANDS AT MARTINEZ
Purchase of Tracts Near the Water
Front Gives Hise to Variety
of Rumors.
The Southern Pacific Company has pur
chased a tract of land near the water
front of Martinez, consisting of about six
and a half acres. This includes tho
property of the old starch works, the pas
works, the Rlum warehouse property and
the tract owned by Louie Strentzel Muir
The purchase price was $12,000. This gives
the road a clear right of way through the
town.
There is much speculation concerning
the purpose of this move. At Martinez*
there is a rumor that shops will be built
by the Southern Pacific Company at that
place. A forc.-> of railway surveyors re
cently visited Martinez and set the people
to wondering. They went over the tract
that has non- been purchased. One storv
Is that ihe Alhambra Cre^k will b> bridged
and that the move is to shorten the route
to San Francisco, to compete on more
oven terms with the Santa Fe. which has
a remarkably direct line to this city from
Stockton.
T MRS. JEXXT E. BELSHAW. 7
5^/^ RS. JEXXT E. BELSHAW,
//\(\ wldow of the late M - W - Bel "
II Mi \ fihaw an<^ m other of Assembly
man C. M. Belshaw, passed
away yesterday at her home, 1626 Jack
son street.
Mrs. Belshaw was possessed of an am
iable disposition and had the faculty of
making many friends. The announcement
of her death will be received with aeep
regret by all who knew her.
Mrs. Helshaw has been in bad health
since the death of her husband two years
ago. but no serious results were antici
pated until tiie last two weeks. Assem
blyman Bolshaw was notified of the sud
den change and with his wife came from
his home at Antioch to be at his mother's
bedside. MKsJM
Mrs. Belshaw arrived in California in
1F5S and settled in Amador County, where
her husband became prominently identi
fied with large mining Interests. Th*
couple moved to San Francisco In 1870
and selected as a residence the house in
which Mrs. Belshaw died. The funeral
will take place to-morrow.
A rather interesting bit of instruction
came from the quartermaster general of
the army to the local quartermaster last
week, and ¦when it was conveyed to the
bidders on the shoe contracts, for whom
It was Intended, it caused llrst surprise
end then protest. They intend to have
the regulation, for it amounts to that, re
bcinded, or they will make a fight over It.
In a circular of instruction to Colonel
Long, the purchasing quartermaster on
this coast. General Luddington. the quar
tenriasttr general, declares that Califor
nia sole leather is not good enough to be
"jsed in the manufacture of army shoes,
and he declares that contracts must be
bid uj>on witn the understanding that Cal
ifornia sole leather shall not be used in
the manuiaciure of the shoes fun::sned.
The regulation is made in the face of
the fact that California sole leather has
a rt'ijutiition widtr and more enaunug
than mat of tn« quartermaster general
:..:...-•.:. It js orie oi the fcta]>le products
of this Btate. and it nas been pronounced
by experts who nave devoted more unic
to the istudy ot tne article thai} tne con
tract cf which it lorms a part to t>e wan
out equal ar.ywntrc, aim iaey uaiiK ineir
opinion with iheir coin. In tne t^ast Cali
fornia sole leatncr vrm et-H lor lu per cent
more than sole learner from elsewhere
inertly txcause it has been made out here.
'j he tanbark here is better, the climate is
V-etter and the hides are better. Mne Kast
is Us biggest market, and every day thou
tanos vi nides are snipped to various jac
toncs beyond Hie KocKies. Tne men in
the Bhoe business and in any business in
which leather forms a part nave no hesi
tation in accepting Calilornia leather, and
they have no fault to lind with it. And
the best proof of their satisfaction is that
tliey are willing to pay more for it. lint
the quartermaster general thinks other
wise and has said that it shall not form
part of the chocs furnished the army.
There tnu*t Iw *ome reason lor tne ac
tion of tne quartermaster's department,
and what the merchants are aevoting
their energies to now is to find what
caused the Budden change of heart on tho
part of the <juart<.rmaster general. It was
iv>t long ago Hlr.ce it was officially de
clared that California leather was the
finest in the world for harness, and the
army would have harness made of noth
ing t-lse. iiut it 4ias suddenly been found
that it is not geoo. enough for the soies or
50ldiers' shoes.
- In about a month bids for furnishing
the army footwear will be opened. The
shoe manufacturers will figure promi
nently in the contest for contracts princi
pally because of the hard fight that was
r*-oently made in Congress in favor of
Pacific Coast manufacturers and in order
to get euch concessions from the Gov
ernment as would allow them to bid on
terms equal to those controlling the East
ern firms. It was only after a hard fight
that suitable terms were secured, but the»
good of it all seems to have been taken
out of the situation by the action of the
quartermaster general. It they cannot
use their own leather the California shoe
men cannot bid. so the result Is arrived
?.t by the Eastern dealers just the same
as ir no fight for the California traders
had ever beei made, and in addition they
have the satisfaction of knowing tha't
California has been passed a large and
gaudy pold brick.
By some of the manufacturers the regu
lation is credited to the. influence of the
leather men of the East* who have taken
that method .and this opportunity to rele
gate California's first class sole leather
to a s=eat In the second row, while their
own goes Into the army contracts without
opposition.
The shoe men have taken the matter
up and they will communicate with tho
In Defiancs cf the Trade Estimate,
the Quartermaster General Be
littles a Famous State
Product.
Peculiar Ruling by General
Luddington on the Shoe
Contracts.
NO CALIFORNIA
LEATHER IN THE
ARMY FOOTWEAR
quartermaster general, asking for his rea
sons for the discrimination and presenting
facts to show that he has been misled by
his leather exports, anvi that the discrlm
lnaticr. la unjust and uncalled for. Col
onel Long has ho (n interviewed by the
merchants, but he knows nothing of the
order except that >t Is official and to b©
rasped on to intending bidders.
The matter will lie taken up most vig
orously by the local merchants should no
satisfaction be obtained from the q,uar
tfrmaster general, for the regulation
mean? a prohibition against the securing
of anv contract by a Pacific Coast firm,
and the fight fnr trade made so long and
so stoutly will go for nothing.
MRS. J. E. BELSHAW
HAS PASSED AWAY
Died at Her Home on Jack
son Street After a
Short Illness.
The hiembers of Company D, Lieague
of the Cross Cadets, were the guests of
lgnatlan Council No. 35, Young Men's In
stitute, at nn elaborate banquet In Na
tive Sons' Hall last night. The affair was
a brilliant one in every detail and was
given in" honor of the victory of Compan>
D in winning the trophy at the recent
competitive drill in Mechanics' Pavilion.
The cadets, under the leadership of
Captain I. D. Dwyer. First Lieutenant
George H. Sullivan and Second Lieuten
ant Frank A. McCarthy, marched from
their headquarters at Tenth and Market
streets to the' banquet hall, where thej
wero assijrned to their places b>* the re
ception committee composed of the fol
lowing officers of the council: Edward B.
Thomas, president; J. K. Cosgrave,' fir.st
vice president; J. B. Queen, second vice
president; Charles L,. Ebner, recording
secretary; John W. McCarthy, financial
secretary; James N. Smith, treasurer;
William H. Hamilton, marshal; Dr. J. F.
McCone, surgeon; Frank J. Anthony, in-
Side sentinel; Harry C. Moffatt, outside
sentinel. Two hundred and fifty guests
in all sat down at several large tables
presided over by Dr. J. F. McCone.
After grace had been pronounced !jy
Rev. Father J. J. Cullen, the address of
welcome was delivered by President E.
B. Thomas. -who Introduced the toasimn>.
ter. Dr. McCone, In a. felicitous .speech.
Fitzgerald's orchestra played an overture
and then began a discussion of the tempt
ing viands. When the black coffe<? was
served Dr. McCone called upon the fol
lowing gentlemen to respond to toasts:
"Our Honored Guests.'' Captain I. D.
Dwyer; "The Y. M. I.," Grand Secrelar>
George A. Stanley; "Our Country," John
J. Barrett; "The League of the Cros-s."
Thomas IV. Fallon; "Jgnatlan Council."
Judge F. J. • Murasky; "The Ladies."
Frank T. Shea. The concluding toast.
"The Catholic Soldier," was responded to
by Henry Austin Adams, the distinguish
ed Catholic orator, who paid a glowing
tribute to the many Catholic young men
who had volunteered in their country's
stivlce. The rest of the programme con.
sisted of vocal solos by Charles K. Hay,
J. C. O'Donnell, W. J. Hynes and a reci
tation by Thomas "W. Hlckey. Among
the honored guests were Major Moriis
sey. Ii C. C, and N. M. N. G. C. ; Dr. P.
J. Farrell. late surgeon California Volun
teers; John Lynch, past grand president
Y. M. I., and Rev. Cornelius Kennedy.
The committee of arrangements was com
posed of J. B. Coffey Jr.. chairman; M.
F. Bray, John J. O'Toole, J. B. Queen and
Philip J. Lawler.
Eloquent Speeches and Pleasing Songs
Combine to Make a Brilliant Af
fair in Honor of Competi
tive Drill-Winners.
Guests of Ignatian
Council, Y. M. I.
Members of Company D
CADETS OF THE
CROSS AT THE
BANQUET BOARD
ONE of the prettiest weddings of the
season took place in Trinity Pres
byterian Church, on the corner of
Twenty-third and Capp streets, last
evening. James Rolph Jr. of the firm of
Hind, Rolph & Co., and Miss Annie Mar
shall Reid were the contracting parties.
Mr. Rolph is one of the most popular of
the younger business men in the commu
nity, and Miss Reid's friends are legion.
In consequence the church was crowded
to the doors and the universal comment
was that a handsomer couple had never
been wedded In Trinity. The church was
tastefully decorated for the occasion.
The bride is a direct descendant of the
old Covenanters, while the groom Is an
Episcopalian. In consequence the Rev.
Dr. Mackenzie of the First Presbyterian
Church and the Rev. L.. C. Sanford of St.
John's Episcopal Church both officiated
at the ceremony. The bride was attended
by Miss Jeanie Reid as maid of honor and
by Miss Mildred T. Rolph. Miss Gertrude
Slbbald and Miss Marion 'Cummlng as
bridesmaids. George U. Hind, Mr. Rolph's
business partner, was his best man, and
the ushers were Ronald T. Rolph, Thomas
Rolph, Archibad Reid, Robert Reid, James
H. Lyons. Henry H. Beatty, Archibald N.
Nason, Charles W. Haseltine and "William
E. Nicol.
Saturday night last Mr. Rolph bade all
his bachelor friends good-by at a dinner
in the Palace, and all of them were pres
ent last night to see him join the ranks of
the benedicts. If good wishes will do the
young couple any good they certainly re
ceived a measure brimming over.
Mr. and Mrs. Rolph will leave for the
Hawaiian Islands on the steamer Austra
lia to-day. They will bo gone two months
and all the points of Interest in the group
will be visited. During his stay In Hono
lulu Mr. Rolph will establish a branch of
the house of Hind, Rolph & Co.
Q "?-¦$v-*- 1 j>-*— $>-?— <!»>-?— <g> ? <$> ? 4 > -*~^ > ~ ?"
' £=3 VERY seat for the monster
r^ Sweeney benefit which is to be
' j held on Friday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house is gone, and
there are still S0O0 holders of exchange
tickets who will have to take their
chances at gallery Feats or standing-
"When the benefit entertainment was
first arranged the tiK'atrical managers is-
Fue<i 4000 tickets, 2(XW at which they gave
to the Fire Department to dispose of, re
serving the balance to be sold by them
selves. Such, however, has been the en
thusiastic zeal of the Fire Department in
the matter that they disposed of 10.000
tickets, just 1000 more than the managers
expected them to sell.
Last evening there was a meeting of
the various manager?, the object belr.g
to find a way out of the difficulty. At
first it was thought a double entertain
ment, one at the California and one at
the Gran>i. mijrht prove practical. Hut
after considerable discussion the man
agers arrived at the conclusion that a
double affair would not prove satisfac
tory. Artists would be latlyrued with
double calls upon their cervices, and one
of the entertaar.ments would necessarily
have to suffer at the expense of the other.
The most potent argument advanced,
however, was that even with a double en
tertainment all ticket lio!ders would not
be able to secure seats, and bo the propo
sition was abandoned.
It took just one hour and ten minutes
yesterday morning to dispose of every
eeat in the Grand Opera-house. At ex
ortly 9 o'rlock Treasurer Henry Camp
bell stepped into the glass-facd office
and sold the first benefit- seat, and at ten
minutes after 10 he pulled down his win
dow and announced the sale closed.
In ppite of the fact that there were sev
eral hundred ticket holders still in line
th^re were no murmurs of dissatisfac
tion. Thf people had pi von their money
to a worthy rau=e. and in the thought of
a noble dted well done they lost sight of
the personal amusement to be derived
from their contribution to the splendid
whole.
Yesterday the subscrlptionp to th» fund
Ftill kopt pourinpr in, and $1097 75 was do
nated, as follows:
P. A. McDonald. JT»; I»ve children. Berkeley,
Cal., fl; Indianai«jlls Furniture Company, JW;
Unity Lodge No. 27S. I. <). H. I!.. ?U»; L. U;
X Y 7.. 11; a ladj-. VK; Rita S. Salomon. XZ 50.
*
Baby Hymnn. $2: Ashlelgh Turner. SI: James
IX Lever. England, to; Dr. K. K. I^und. Eng
land, J5; cash, 5oc; Charlotte Kaufflng. $1; M.
Willard, $5: J. J. H.. SI; no name, 00c; Gray
IJovce, II; cash. $20; Catholic Aid So
cietj -Vo : «5; Mrs. William Willis. $25; Jo
peph S. Tobin. $ZZ; cash, JIT: Hale Bros.. $25;
Joseph Oops, J20: StuU Hros.. $10; Eleanor
Martin, t.'O; messengers of the Independent
Special Messenger Service, $2 To.
babrcriptlona received by Chief Sullivan yes
terrtay: From members of the Builders*' Ex
change, i-. H. Kent. ?0: Remlllard Brick Com
pany. $.V Mnrt'.n M. Fennell, 53; James A.
\VUrtttl $:•; Matt' Gale, $:.; Thomas Uutcher.
J."; N. Clark & Sons $.": T>. 15. Maedonalri. $5:
Ailam ltfck. jr.; R. Brou>. J2 DO; Allen &
Lnonoy, J2 :0; II. II. L»ir*on. *2 10; H. C.
Stevens. J2: cash, 12; Charles E. Upp. II;
Tfeom&a F.lam. $1; Fre.I W. Boole, fl: Charles
Dui.Ipji $1: Alex Minnie. W; James McCul
lovs-h, fl; n. P. Abraham*™, tl : T. A. Wil
liams, $1; E. H. Murrei:. tl: M. Keatlr.e. $1;
Gus V. - Daniels, fl: Daily Pacific BulUer. 12;
total, ff.9 f^t; cash. $2 2.": c^sh. J3 T.">; M. Moel
ler. "0 cent.«; F. Wild. 2:. cents; C. A. Muller.
2"> cents; H. Bach. 2.1 cents; 1J. K. Larason.
23 cents; cash, Jl 15; W. Hoehr. CO cents; F.
3. Trommrl :0 cents: H. Rosenberg, >"0 cents;
P. McMullen. 2." cents; J. Wilson. 23 cents;
n. O.. cents; P. Ironstone. 2.". cents; D.
Markowitz. 23 cents; It IXosenberK, 50 cents:
N. F. Frieiberg. 50 cents; H. Scnticting, - r 0
cents: F. Keryon. E0 cents; A. T. Love, 23
cents: E. Fteln. H cents; A. li.Tllnsky, 2."> cents;
H. Hoffman. 25 cent?: Mrs. Phalef, f»0 cents:
W. «;.. ES cents; M. no«er.hers. -o cents. A. J.
Ra<Ilee t 23 cents; C Kaughton, 50 centr; M.
Friedman. 23 cents: R. Werner, CO cents; (.'.
Offer. 23 cents; A. Ki:eh. 25 cents; A. Juchter.
2S cents: H. J. Oallagher Undertaking Co..
J23: Dunham, Carrigan & Hnyden. (2J; Van
derslice A- Co., J20; Tom C. Grant. J2.'.; Pacific
Coast Oil Co.. CO; a friend, fl; K. K. Ullenthal.
U3; Thcn-.as Pay & Co.. $.'J">; R^senthal &
¦U'i^e. $10: C. >". Frlton. $12S; West Coast Fur
niture Comnany, (5; American Tool Works, to;
Firft National IJank. SIC; Sima A- Morris, tl;
Irving M. Scott, ITflO; W. A. Alvord, f2; I'nlon
Iron Works. 12.".: .Tames E. Britt. fli; Dr. Ja^ob
wn. 12; two friends. SI ;0; J. O'Brien. .«1; Dr.
C. Buckiey. $:.: a friend, fl: Mrs. Price. «!;
Ix-.t:1e Golfi.'-tone. 40 cents; cash. ' J3; widow
lady, ."fl cents; J. C. Nobinnn. {3: D. Keefe &
Cn. t J20: E. J. Co'.eman. $20; Fulton Iron Works.
S2.%; ,a friend, s: ; Mrm. Edward May. $.".; T,
K. Griffen, ."n cents; Mrs. McCrae. 50 conts;
Mrs. Butter. .">n cents; T. F.. ;»0 cents; count"r.
23 cents; M. Vo.s:elsnng, $2 50; W. E. M'-Gill
*K>: C. Houdlan, fr. H. C. H: Tavlor. Adams
A- Prlchanl. V,; Rev. C. J. McDonald $5; K.
Cove. Crt cents; J. \V. Brj-an. M cents; C II.
Fhrrman. RO; Juclpe Coninn. $5; Sherwood &
Fherwnod, flO; received at F.n^lne Comp«ny Xo.
29. f32 SO: James Healy, J30: Richard McCann.
?*: previously acknowledged, f2-'^6 iZ; t"tal
ton s.-,.
The grand total up to date, not includ
l?f™ hc bencflt Performance, stands
5C009.30.
THEATER SOLD OUT
IN ONE SHORT HOUR
A meeting of the general committee to
arrange for the reception of Archbishop
Riordan upon his return to this city from
Europe was held last evening at the
clergy house of St. Mary's Cathedral.
The meeting was largely attended b,y
prominent Catholics, who are enrolled as
members of the committee. The special,
or sub-committee, which has held several
meetings, submitted a report In writing
which was signed by Judge Jeremiah F.
Sullivan as secretary- This, met with ap
proval and was adopted without change
in any particular. The report is as t fol
lows:
To the general committee on reception of
Archbishop Hlordan— Gentlemen: Your com
mittee of arrangements submit a report as
follows: We recommend that the reception to
the Archbishop be had In Metropolitan Hall
on some evening within the week following
his arrival in San .Francisco; that an addresst
of welcome be delivered by some prominent
Catholic layman: that the hall be suitably dec
orated for the occasion; that a musical pro
gramme embracing vocal and Instrumental
music be nrransod.
Of roursn, an address by the Archbishop, In
response to the address of welcome, will be
a :>art of the programme. Colonel Power of
the I-^as-xie of the Cross Cadets has kindly
consented to furnish a detail of the cadets In
uniform, to net as ushers for the occasion.
The selection of a rpeaker, securing of music,
nrn.1 the decoration of the hall have been as
signed to yperial rommlttees. The arrange
ment of the several numbers on the programme
lias been rlaoert In charce of our chairman,
Hen. John M. nnrnPtt.
The expense attendant upon the reception has
already been amjilj- provided for. Respectfully
submitted, Committee of Arrangements.
J. F. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
This shows that all matters connected
with the reception are well in hand and
that the details will soon be complete, in
suring a splendid welcome to the distin
guished prolate.
Expenses Attendant Upon the Occa
sion Have Been Provided For.
Selection of Speaker Not
Yet Announced.
General Committee Adopts
in Detail Programme
Recommended.
PLAMS APPROVED
FOR WELCOME TO
THE ARCHBISHOP
Army and Navy Parlor.
Next Saturday evening Army and Navy
Parlor No. 207, N. S. G. W:, wiU have a
"Might at the Chute3." It promises to be
a gala affair and an unusually interest
ing programme is to be presented A
number of war views from the Philip
pines will be shown on the animatoscope
and everything possible will be done to
make th# evening a memorable one. The
proceeds^are to be devoted to the 1900 fund
of the parlor.
In the Divorce Court.
Ida A. Tripp was granted a divorce yes
terday from Stephen Trlpp by Judge
Hebbard. Willful neglect was the ground
upon which the decree was issued. Mrs.
Tripp was given the custody of her minor
child. John TV Cummins has beten grant
ed a divorce from Mary C. Cummins on
the ground of desertion. Ella Edner has
secured a divorce from L. Lester Edner
on the ground of failure to provide. .
Suits for' divorce have been filed by Jo
hanna C. Chamberlain against Ferdinand
Chamberlain for desertion; Margaret L
Williams against William P. Williams for
cruelty; Mary Greenfeld against Isador
Greenfeld for cruelty; Sellna • Caprlco
against Edmond S. Caprico for desertion;
Jennie, Hatch against Augustus Hatch for
cruelty, and Lizzie Ryder against Albert
Ryder for failure to provide.
She Bequeathed a Valuable Estate to
Friends, Relatives and Vari
ous Charities.
The will of Henrietta S. Calef, who died
In Los Angreles May 23 leaving an estate
valued at $50,000. has been filed for pro
bate. Following are the bequests:
To M. Dlx. a cousin, $2C0O; to Sarah and Fan
nie Dlx. $10CO each; to John Calef of Haverjrtll
Mass.. $100: to Mrs. Rhoda Freeman of Ontario"
Cal.. J100; to Robert Crouch of Napa. J10.000 in
trust for Mabel C. Cooley. a grandniece:' to
Fred Schetter. a J1C0: to Mrs. Mary
Heyser. $100; to Edmund O. Schetter, $100- to
the Pastoral Aid Society of Trinity Churell of
San Francisco. JiOO: to the Old Ladles' Home
of the Protestant Episcopal Church, $200; to
the Protestant Episcopal Church of N'apa, $M0.
Decedent bequcath3 three-fourths of the
residue of her estate to Mary B. Crouch
and one-fourth to Susie T. Hackett. Rob
ert Crouch of Napa Is named as executor
of the testament.
HENRIETTA S. CALEPS
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
The initial outing of the San Francisco
Hay Association was held yesterday, as
suming the form of an excursion on the
bay. The officers of the association char
tered the steamer Zinfandel, on which
they entertained with lavish hospitaiity
some 400 guests. After steaming about
the bay the party were taken to the Mare
Island Navy Yard, where they disem
barked. All the wonders of the yard were
unfolded to the visitors by persons famil
iar with the many things of interest to
be seen.
The next stop was at McNears Landing,
a favorite resort of the yachtsmen. Here
the chief festivities of the day were en
joyed. Ritzau's band provided music for
the devotees of the waltz and the three
step, while those athletically Inclined
Joined in the more robust sports of the
field for prizes provided by the associa
tion. Luncheon was partaken of here,
and with appetites sharpened by the keen
air on the bay all did justice to the viands
placed before them. The return journey
was accomplished without Incident, the
party reaching home at 6 p. m.
The arrangements for the outing were
in the capable hands of Edward Aigelttn
ger and Herman Stint, who left nothing
undone which would tend to the pleasure
or the comfort of the association's guests.
President W. W. Miller and Directors
F. A. Summer, J. Magner and H. E. Ellis
were so pleased with the success of the
affair that they determined at once to
hold one each year. The members have
agreed to do their share toward making
the outings a greater success by agree
ing to close their places of business on
the day set for the reunion of the mem
bers and their friends. ,<n
First Visit Navy Yard and Then Go
to McNears landing, Where
an Elaborate Luncheon
Is Discussed.
Entertain a Large Number
of Guests on the
Bay.
DEALERS IN HAY
TAKE A DAY OFF
TO PLAY HOSTS
At the headquarters of the Republican
County Committee in the Baldwin Annex
gratifying reports ate received of the en
rollment of voters In the various Assem
bly districts. The rolls will remain open
until next Saturday evening. Active can
vassing is in progress in several of the
districts. Many well-known citizens,
who have not taken a prominent part in
politics for several years, have enlisted
for this campaign. In the Forty-first
Assembly District 200 voters have signed
the club roll. In the Thirty-flrst the en
rollment approximates 200. The Forty
third will organize a large club. Candi
dates for the Legislature are displaying
considerable energy in rallying their
friends.
Property owners and other good citi
zens of the party can secure conventions
of high character if they will go to the
front this week and join their respective
Assembly district clubs. It is expected
that delegate tickets to be voted foe at
the primary election, August 14, will be
put in the Held by the clubs. It does not
follow, however, that the club nomina
tions must be supported. If racetrack
touts, saloon loafers and other oxponents
of lowdown politics are put In nomination
for delegates to the district or State con
vention, their names should be scratched.
The bes-t way. however, to prevent the
election of unworthy delegates is to pre
vent their nomination. It is the plain
duty of every good Republican to join the
club of the Assembly district in which lie
dwells and then register in time to vote
at the primary election on the second
Tuesday of August next. Af all voters
must register anew in order to vote at the
general election for President and Vice
President next November, the sensible
plan is to register now and make sure of
the right to vote at both the primary
election and general election..
At the headquarters of the Republican
State Central Committee the work of pre
paring petitions is in progress. There will
be a meeting of the State Executive Com
mittee on July 5. The subject of cam
paign contributions may then be consid
ered.
Among the callers at headquarters yes
terday was J. D. MacKenzie of Santa
Clara County.
The Republican State convention called
to assemble at Santa Cruz on August 28
will nominate nine Presidential electors.
Each of the seven Congressional district
delegates will be requested to recommend
one elector, and the seven so recommend
ed ,will doubtless be chosen readily by the
State convention. Then two more elect
ors to make the complement of nine will
be chosen. These two from the State at
largo will head the electoral ] ticket. Gen
eral "\V. II. L. Barnes and Samuel M.
Shortridge are mentioned for leaders on
the ticket.
Yesterdav Jasper McDonald, chairman
of the Democratic County Committee of
San Francisco announced the appoint
ment of the following standing commit
tees:
Organization '. committee — A. B. Magrulre,
Samuel Uraunhart, M. C. Hassett, Thomas E.
Curran.- Dr. T. B. W. Leland, P. J. Tomalty,
George "\V. McGIlllvray.
' Finance committee — J. D. Maxwell, A. B.
Maguire. E. J. Brandon, John F. Finn, Dr.
L. D. Baclcalupi. . '
Resolution commlttw— M. II. Hernan, John
P. Renault, L: II. Moosey, J. J.> Donovan,
James F. Ford.
Naturalization committee — WMlnm T. Hess,
I>o Kaufman. John O'Connell, Edward Law
ton Patrick Lydon.
Registration committee— Edward I. Coffey,
John N. Much. Daniel Reardon, Bernard Blen
enfelel, J. J. Facan.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee, Seth Mann, chairman, will meet at
the California Hotel n.t 11 a. m. to-day
and probably fix the time and place for
holding the next State convention of 'the
party.
Doings in the Democratic Camp — Jas
per McDonald, Chairman of County
Committee, Appoints Campaign
Sub-Committees.
W. H. L. Barnes and S. M.
Shortridge Mentioned for
Electors at Large.
BEG ENROLLMENT
OF REPUBLICANS
FORESHADOWED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.
Trinity Presbyterian Church the Scene
of a Double Ceremony, but Only
a Single Wedding. .
SECURELY UNITED
BY TWO PASTORS
12
TWO OF THE STABS IN THE SWEENEY BENEFIT. 7
THE DOUBLY KNOTTED PAIR.
SPECIAL IN
FOULARD SILKS.
75 pieces of 23 and 24 inch FOULARDS (nure
silk), in new snades of Blue, Grau,
Violet, Reseda, etc.; reatllar prices 85c
and $1.00.
Reduced to 60c Yard.
Please write for samples of above five
dualities of Black Silks,
75 pieces 22-lncb Swiss Taffeta 85c Yard
15 pieces 23-inch Swiss Tafieta 85c Yard
15 pieces 22-incn Domestic Tafleta..$1.00 Yard
(GUARANTEED TO WEAK.)
50 pieces 26-incn Swiss Taffeta.... $1.00 Yard
20 pieces 24-incn Domestic Taffeta..$1.10 Yard
(GUARANTEED TO WEAB.)
— DC
DIFFERENT WIDTHS AND QUALITIES.
175 PIECES EXTRA QUALITY
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
c&pes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutler.*
We want Yon
To See
Our Prices
MX wlilch we are •elUnjr
China.
Crockery.
Glassware.
Come Just to See.
Great Amu IfflDcmm To Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
710-112 Grant At* (Bet. Butter ud .PmGL
f SI Market St. (0pp. PowtU).
140 Eixth St.
153 Hares St. ... T.i TUrd St.
1419 Poik at. • • en uontr>m«rr An,
»1« Mission St. ; 106 L*rt!aSt;
CCC6 Sixteenth 8t> 1S13 Devlsad-ro JSS.
141 Ninth St. 475 Halxht St.
M08 PUlmorv Si. t»S Mission St. \ !•, ¦
U Market St. 2712 Mtb St. :T\
OAKLAND STORES.
1CE3 Washington du (is E. 13U St.
K37 Broadway. 11S3 Sid At*. >
ttlA 8«T*ntb St. 1X45 Park 8U. Mi-nnrft.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Oar removable brldse work Is beautiful *a4
durable. 'Warranted 10 years.
'_<tTFI i r%»_ Our $5-00 Plates
«Jr -T-^^ji'Vi^t^^gr Pa'Oless extracting
used by no other
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
Painless Extraction .' 25o
Removable Bridrewcrk S3.00
Crowns $2.OO to f3.O4>
Pure Gold Fillings *1.<"»
Amalgam '><»«
Gold and Platina f l.OO
Silver Filling 50o
Mrs. Dr. R. X*. Walsh will att«ad to tS*
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. r«. L. \A/AI~SH.
$13% GEARY ST.. between Hyde and LarMa.
Office Hrurs— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sunday*.
3 to 12. Telephone Polk 11*5.
4- Room Furniture
FOR $9g,
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 Bocd Wire Spring. X good Top Mattress. X
Pair Pillows.
PAIILOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
»t»r^d Set. _ ..
DIN1XG-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Tablo,
6 Oak Chairs. „ _ _
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Btov«w t
Chairs.
No extra charge on cr*qlt.
— MAKE YOUR OWN TEKMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,
j 31310-112 Stockton St. Near Broad war.
Open Evenings.
<i A \£x flan ii if* tyyiUu O «%*
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES,- or POWDER
PtrU. .'. ESPiC : New York, X. T0CSX2A * U9
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARDERS. DAK-
iJi! U OiiilO bootblacks. bat»-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, f.ourmlits. foundries, laundries. pap«*-
kanKcrs. printers, painter", shoe factories. *ta-
tltmen. tar-roofers, tasners. tailors. «ta
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush .Manufacturer.*, 6O9 Sacramsat* SI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
III, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.