4 Two, thousand.- Boers are near - Ficks
burg. besides small roving "parties (that,
come j into 'contact .with the British while "
reconnolterlng. President Steyn was with;
these -Boers last; Monday organizing and/
inspiring, them and drafting recalcitrant* ¦
into the service. *•,".'. ' ¦ ¦ . ..
' "The railway." south': of Mafeking is- be .
ing repaired rapidly; the bridge at Taungs
can now be"; used. j ; Refugees from Mafe
king are passing through Taungs bound
for the Cape.'! .-• . . : „ •
• Cecil .Rhodes is at Beira, Portuguese
East Africa. Mr. Fuller, a member of
tho Cape Parliament.' who Is "supposed
to be, a" confidant of. Sir. Rhodes, said in
the course of a'speech at Cape Town yes
terday, when. proposing the health of Mr."
Rhodes, ..that 1 the latter was "working to
consolidate.. South. Africa from the Zam
besi to Table Bay.". . : . .
Baden-Powell- declines to-, act: on th*
.suggestions of, his friends that he should'
return to .England, for' rest. He Is deter- 1
mined to retain his.' active command at
the front. . v .. . \.
¦ 'Advices 'from' Mafeking. dated May 20.
say: "The Boers are Intrenching at Pol
fonteln, ten miles. east of Mafeking. The
Northern Railway Is now repaired to a
point within four miles of -the town. Am
ple supplies of food are in. Colo
nel . Baden-Powell, voluntarily gave- up
fifty-three Boers . eleven wounded to
the Bofr. commandant, who thanked him
for his kindness. '
Rebel Natives Attacked.
: "The Baratongs, stimulated by the Brit
ish ] successes,", attacked I the rebel natives
at Reltfenteln'-May 19 land : took ", much'
loot. They released Sani, the old chier
who had rendered good service to the
British In keeping Mafeking supplied with
news of the Boer operations'.
: Horse sickness is .said to have broken
out among General . Carrlngton's animals.
circulating at SO per cent discount. Beck
efs firm was giving £1 in gold for £3 ln :
paper. Krouz and Kllnke, ' the' engineers
who opposed the blowing up of the mines,
have been dismissed. Commandant
Schutte had been appointed to defend
Johannesburg and all the Uritlsh subjects
had been turned out. The Transvaalers,
fear ; that the British will blow'up the
bridge at Komatip'oor^ thus cutting . off
their supplies from Delagoa, and a com
mando ¦¦ of 500 ; is' 'guarding the bridge
against any suchattempt by, British raid
ers. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' " * - " ' -'¦
Kruger Will' .Retire to Lydenburg. ;
It 7 Is reasserted ;thatt President ; Kruger
will retire to Lydenburg when fighting Is
imminent at {Johannesburg nnd Pretoria. 1
Concern Is'expressed at Pretoria with re*-'
erence to the possibility that General Car
rington may' come 1 , down from Rhodesia
with 5000 men to ccKODerate with as many.
more entering the Transvaal by way of
Mafeking. " " .
This important strategic point lies directly in the path of General Buller's advance from Natal. Into the Trans
vaal. It is about two miles north of Majuba Hill and six miles from Volksrust, just over the Transvaal border. It
was the sceno of a British defeat In the war of 1SS1, just before the disaster of Majuba Hill. The Natal Government
Railroad, alons the line of which General Bt:!lcr is advancing, passes underneath the "Nek." through a long tun
nel. This tunnel the Boers have weakened with dynamite, and on the heights above have fortlfled themselves, with
a view c' making a desperate fight. To force tho position from the front will be a costly undertaking against the men
who defended the heights of Col»nso and Vaalkraantz, and the British commander will have to use his best In
genuity and strategic skill to avoid a defeat. Laings Nek is properly called the "Key to the Transvaal,"! as it la the
most practicable pass, over the Drakensberg Range, which here makes its lowest dip in many miles.. Flanking It in
the face of opposition presents more dlfllculties than "forcing direct passage. So, in any event, if'th« Boer3 show flght
Buller's task will bo a most difficult one. ; . - .
Laing-s Nek Tunnel, Where the Boers Will Stand for a Decisive Battl 3.
PRETORIA. May 25.— An official bulle
tin issued here says It Is reported that
the British have occupied Vredefort and
are advancing on Shoemans Drift.
General De Wet announces that the
Federals have occupied llellbron and
Potschefatrom. He reports that the call
to arms Is meeting with a noble response.
THE BRITISH HAVE
OCCUPIED VREDEFORT
of prosperity, and no other plank will bo
required."
DRiyTALMAGE PRAISES
;;:; the stand of America
NETV TORK. May 23.— A World special
from London says: Dr. Talmage. In an
Interview with a Chronicle representative,
spoke of America's attitude on the South*
African war and said:
"I have personally gathered from the
President and his Cabinet that they have
no Intention whatever of Interfering.
Apart from every other consideration.
America at present has her hands full
enough of her own troubles. Generally
speaking, the relations between England
and America are what they ought to be —
those of mother and daughter — and are of
the most cordial character. These anti-
English meetings are organized for pure
ly political reasons, the desire being to
form a party hostile to the President. The
latter, however. Is such a good, nonest
man that I feel sure he will be re-elected
as certainly as the sun rises. He Is alto
gether an admirable man. and his home
life is the admiration of every true Ameri
can. He will be re-elected on a platform
Lieutenant Roberts, a nephew of Lord
Roberts, was accidentally shot through
the right knee by a servant at Modder
River on Wednesday. H!a condition Is not
danzerous.
the colonial Government Colonel Beth
une's report of the loss of the mraadron
of Bethune's horse in the ambush at Vry
held. The report says that "thi3 regret
table affair was due to the Impetuosity of
Captain Goff. who was killed."
ing at Mochenenz. near Bethlehem. The
firing began at dusk. Why and with what
result Is not known at Maseru. Basuto
land, whence the ney/a arrived yesterday.
BOER ENVOYS ARE
GRATEFUL FOR SYMPATHY
CRUELTIES TO AN INFANT
IN THE INTEREST OF SCIENCE
.Washington:., May 25.— The following
statement was Issued to-day by. the Boei
envoys, who are in'thls city:
"Messrs. - Fischer, Wessels and Wolma
rans, who are representing the South
African republics In this country have
received many pressing invitations from
most of- the large cities of the Unlte.1
States to visit them, but owing to the
short time they have to spend in this
country it. will not be possible to accept
all. of the.lnvitatlons received. It is their
Intention' to return as soon as circum-
dated May 21, says:
"The Eighth Division has In front of It
commandos headed . off from the Trans
vaal which, while not willing to surrender,
do not know where to go. Their Joint
strength is estimated at from 1000 to 2000
men."
The Times has the following from New
castle, dated Thursday:
"The Boers are fortifying a very large
semicircle extending from Majuba to
Pongwana. Large numbers are Intrench
ing and six guns are visible."
General Buller has communicated to
LONDON, May 26. 4:30 a. m.— General
Rundle's division was still at Trommel
Tuesday. There ¦wan a small Boer laager
twelve miles to the north of him. and
beyond this there was a larger one.
A dispatch to the Times from Clocolan,
Common Councils and Mayors of a.num
ber of cities are urging: them by resolu
tions to make them a visit and It may be
possible that their stay in the country
may be prolonged a few days in order to
meet their wishes. The envoys regret
exceedingly that they cannot meet the
great numbers of people who are so anx
ious to greet them, as they would like to
do. They express themselves as very
prrateful for the many expressions of
sympathy heard upon all sides for the
cause that Is so dear to them and they
trust the fact that they cannot visit all
who wish them to do so will In no way
interfere with the full and free expres
sion of sympathy and good will on their
part."
COMMANDOS DON'T
KNOW WHERE TO GO
States,': timely- notification- of which will
be .given t"'.tho^ .who b have
hoh6re'T_,~;*i,pm 'tjlih invitations. '.' The
stances permit to their own country,
staying in Europe sufficient time to carry
cut their Instructions, but 'before leaving
they have concluded to yield to the great
demand on the part of the American peo
ple to spend a few more days in America,
and they have concluded first of all to
visit Baltimore, Philadelphia, Providence
and Boston during next week. After vis
iting these cities they are in hopes of be
ing? able to spare the time to extend their
visit ; to several cities In the Middle
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York Herald. Company.:. Republlcatlon of this
. dispatch- Is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United • States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, May 26. — The special correspondent of the Daily Mail sends this dis-*
VEREDEFORT, May 24. — Reports have been brought in which confirm the news
that the enemy have retired across the Vaal River. Burghers here declare that the Avar is over.
Free Staters in hundreds are daily surrendering. It is stated that more would submit, but
are afraid of being sent to St. Helena. Lord RobertsVill doubtless cross the Vaal on Satur
day or Sunday. French has left. Our outposts are near Erste Geluk.
LONDON. May 26, ?.:30 a." m.— The lat
est Intelligence from Lord Roberts'
headquarters at Vredefort station,
filed Thursday. 5:43 p. m., was that
the British were rapidly advancing.'
General Hamilton had effected a Junction
with Lord Roberts. The country in front
of them was clear of Boers to Vlljoens"
Drift. The Boers were evacuating all
their positions south of the Vaal River
and 5000 had already crossed to the north;
bank. Probably General French's cavalry
Is already reconnoitering the fords of the
Vaal. y^r-t 'r-^:-:
War Office observers expect that the
next dispatch from the field marshal will
be Gated in sight of the Transvaal fron
tier. Bennett Burleigh. wiring to the Daily,
Telegraph from Yrcdefort Thursday
morning, said that Lord Roberts would
doubtless cross the Vaal River on Satur
day or Sunday. The British outposts were
then at Erste Geluk.*n!ne miles north of,
Vredefort and .twenty-six miles south of
the Vaal River. The railway is much
damaged, . - ¦ . •'
While the British in overwhelming force
are thus rapidly approaching the Trans-]
vaal the movements of the Boers are 'en
veloped In. mystery. The last Pretoria,
newspaper .to reach Lourcnzo Marques
was a week old. .... ;
Boers Saidto Be Quarreling.
Even* one seeking to cross, the Pprtu- (
guese border from the -Transvaal ' is
searched • for newspapers and letters;
Dispatches and mall letters containing
even harmless references to the war are
suppressed. The only news that has
emerged from the Transvaal during the
last ten days has come by word of mouth.'
According to these oral reports yester
day the Boers were quarreling among
themselves. Transvaal paper money was
ANOTHER DAY OF
RIOTING IN ST. LOUIS
Canal Wreckers Guilty.
WELLAND. Ont.. May 25.— Karl Dullman.
John V»"alsh and John Nolin were to-day
convicted by Chancellor Boyd and a Jury
of having attempted to wreck lock 24 of
the Welland canal with dynamite and sen
tenced to imprisonment for life in King-
Eton penitentiary. The Jury was only five
minutes arriving at the guilt of the ac
cused. No evidence was produced as to
the motive of the men. although the
Crown claims that the plot was hatched
by the Clan-na-Ga<?I.
OBJECTS TO TOUSEY WILL.
Relative Alleges Millionairess Was
Ir.sar.e When She Made It.
NEW YORK. May 25.— A year after its
admission to probate the will of Mary
Bf ach Tousey. leavir.p upward of Sl.000.000
to churches -and charity, has been at
tacked on the ground of fraud.
Notice of contest was filrd to-day by
Mr*. 6arah B. Hohrer of Council Bluffs.
Iowa, the nearest livinp relative of Miss
Beach, who now claims the million. The
l>e<iueEts to churchps and charitir-s include
St. Clement's Church. New York, $10,000,
es well as a large farm in Los Angeles
Ccunty. Cal. In the papers it Is charped
that Mrs. Tousey was Insane when she
made the will. SKESS
PRIEST LEAPS INTO
WHIRLPOOL RAPIDS
Identity Is Unknown, but "Was Prob
ably Connected With St. An
drew's Church, New York.
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y.. May 25.— An
enkaevn priest, supposedly from New
Tork City, committed suicide to-night at
the Whirlpool Rapids.
He descended the elevator, and after
hcvlr.g his picture taken ¦walked out on a
rock, threw his hat and cane t>ack of him
and, waving his right hand, dramatically
Ehonted. "Good-by;" and leaped into the
rushing waters. He nraerf-d the pictures
e*r.t to M. J. O'Donadl. New York City,
who is said to be pastor of St. Andrew's
Church. He has two assistants—Rev. \V.
J. Steward and Rex*. Edward N. Leonard—
enfl it Is believed here that the suicide is
one of the*<-. The dead priest was about
&> years of ace.
Passenger en One of the Cars Struck
by a Bullrt Fired Frosi a
Cro^d.
ST. LOUIS. May 3.— Sympathisers of
the striking streetcar m^n were again the
medium of a riotous demonstration to-<Jay
and ss a result another name was iulded
to the long lift of wounded. This after
noon, as a car on the JefTerpon-.iver.'je
lire, running r-outh. approached Sullivan
ovpr.ue it was attacked by a crowd of men
and boys. Several shots were flred at the
car. The po'iornen on board the car re
turned the fire. In all about 100 shots
uere exchanged. . »>
P*ter Wells, a patrolman, who was rid
ing on the front pfatfortn. was hit in the
I«=ft armpit, the bullet producing in ugly
wound.
It Is not known who fired the shot as the
crowd scattered as soon as the men on the
car drew their revolvers. It was rumored
That two men in the crotrd were shot, bul
they could not be found" by the police.
The differences existing b^tweeen the
«ianaicn-.?r.t ot me tit. DB8U and Suburb
an Railway Company and the uoion men j
In Its «mploy -n-f-re eatisiactoii'y adjusted i
this afternoon and ell dar.ger of another
Etrike has been averted, at least for the
present.
Carmen Strike.
BERLIN. May 25.— The employes of the
Leipsic electric street car companies went
on strike to-day for hicher wages and
shorter hours. The strike at Carlsruhe
has been settled.
Hoanoke Sails for Nome.
SEATTLE. May 25.— The steamer Roan
oke sailed fo-nlght for Nome with 500 pas
?h nB v^»iF h f ls i he famou s solfl boat of
Trad^Com£nv? an Tra * s P°rtation and
Utah Debaters Win.
SALT LAKE. May 25.-Tho University
:>f Nevada track team and debaters ar
rived here to-day to compete with the
University of Utah. A debate on the ex
pansion question was held to-night, Utah
Ringing. The Nevadans did not question
the justice of the decision, but expressed
surprise at the ajre of the Utah speakers,
two of them married men. while the Ne
radans are all under age. The field sports
will be held to-morrow.'
Not to Be Considered.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— Chairman
Hull of the House Committee on Military
Affairs to-day stated definitely that ow
ing to the lateness of the session it would
be impossible to consider the bill to in
crease the efficiency of the annv.
LONDON. May 25.-£erious trouble is
threatening- between the British and
French residents of St. HHiers. island of
Jersey, owing to the, pro-Boer attitude of
the latter. Th^re have be^n several col
lisions, and this morning the troops were
forced to charge with fixed bayonets to
prevent demonstrators from Invading the
French quarter. Thirty arrests were made.
.The French Consul hajj reported tl)e sit
uation to the British Foreign Office. "with
the result that the latter ha? wired to the
Governor. Lieutenant General Sir Edward
Hopton, holding him personally responsi
ble for the maintenance of order.
TEAVELEIIS CKOOSE OFFICERS.
Bichmond Selected for the Next An
nual Convention.
NEW ORLEAXSJ May 25.— The Na
tional Travelers' Protective Association
ppcr.t the entire day in discussing consti
tutional amendments and balloting for
officers. Richmond. Va., was chosen ns
the next meeting place of the annual con
vention after a spirited contest. In which
Portland. Or., was {he principal opponent.
The following officers were elected:
E. C. Burrows, Peoria, 111., president;
M. D. Johnson, Philadelphia, first vice
president: Robert M. Simons. Denver.
Colo., second vice president; E. K. Drew,
Omaha, Nebr., third vice president; di
rectors—John W. McDonald, St. Louis; C.
S. E. Holland. Houston. Texas; B. G.
Thompson. Evansvtlle, Ind.
The delegates will to-morrow be taken
for an excursion up the river to the God
chaus* plantation, one of the largest In
the State.
SERIOUS TROUBLE ON
THE ISLAND OF JERSEY
Steamer and Three Convoys Wrecked
in British Guiana and Forty
Lives Lost.
LONDON. May 26.— A dispatch to the
Daily Express from Georgetown; British
Guiana. Fays that a steamer with three
convoys has boon carri''-d over a cataract
in the Potaria River. British Guiana, for
ty lives being lest.
BRITISH VESSELS GO
OVER A CATARACT
/"CHICAGO, 111., May 25.— Captain John F. Ryan, adju-
V^^tant Seventh Regiment, received to-day a letter from
Captain D. L. Daly, a member of the Hospital Corps that
left Chicago for Pretoria last February. The letter is dated Lor
enzo Marques, April 11, and gives details of the trip from Chi
cago to Cape Town. At Cape Town the party found that the
English and Americans alike believed there was an alliance be
tween England and the United States. The American Consul,
Mr. Stowe, was exceedingly English in his manner and svm
pathy.
The letter says that Captain Daly went ashore to buy
goods for the corps,, taking with him American gold with which
to pay for purchases. The gold being refused at the stores, he
tried the -banks, where he was referred to American Consul
Stowe, . where he could get the money exchanged. He re
paired to the American Consulate, where he stated who he was
and the object of the visit. The Consul dropped his monocle
and drawled out that he was tired of seeing American Red Cross
people about. However, he changed the gold at a discount of
The same day a meeting was held in the public square, the
object of which was for the annexation of the two republics to
Cape Colony. The Mayor of Cape Town was the presiding of
ficer. On the stage from which speeches were made were the
American and English flags entwined.. Among the speakers
was Consul Stowe.
Daly says Stowe urged Americans to join the British
forces, and promised all who did so would be well taken care of.
Member of the Chicago Hospital
Corps Makes Serious Charges
Against Consul Stowe.
URGED AMERICANS TO
JOIN BRITISH ARMY
[ OXDOX. Mav 2;. — A special dispatch from Shanghai
I savs advices from Szucnuan, province of Hupeh . report
that "Boxers" have destroyed two villages and massacred
many convert? of the French missionary stations. The general
\ ¦¦¦¦ - ' - 'ihf^ : lv,v*
commanding- at Shi Nan Fu. it is added, sent a' regiment to the
scene ot tne disturbances, ihc soldiers were ambushed by the
malcontents and lest twenty-six men killed. Reinforcements
have been dispatched from Ichang. .
WASHINGTON. Kay 2'i.— T?--e United Ftatr-s Government ha? taken n hand !n
the suppression of xhr "V.-::^r<" In Oilna. Minister Conner hap been instructM by
the State IVpartrTjent in iafjrm the CnJncze Govcremoij! that the Government of
the Ur.iifd Str.trs expects :t to stamp out promptly and thoroughly this society
end t!» provide pr^r^r suirantees for the maintenance of peace and order and the
protection of life r,n<l property of Americans In China, all now threatened by the
operation of the "Boi-err.."
There is r-<> Indication in the instructions as to the course that will he pursued
by the taritcO States !r. casr» the Chinese Government falls to observe the warning
converc-d "a iW* communication. Mr. Corner Is acting on parallel lines with the
representatives; of every European power at the Chinese court, but has not Joined
in try rnn^rt of notion.
PEKING <vt» Shanghai). May C>.— A force of Chinese cavalry that was at
tacferd l.y j'Boxers" !cst a co!cr>o! and seventy men killed an'l wounded.
LI Her? (hart; lias been eorfirmed in the vice royalty in Canton. Tan Chun
Lin. the former Viceroy, has boon ordered to remain in Peking to await employ
ment.
Further Acts of Outrage by the
"Boxers " Whom China Is Forcibly
Called Upoa to Suppress.
VILLAGES DESTROYED
AND CONVERTS SLAIN
BOERS EVACUATING ALL POSITIONS
SOUTH OF THE VAAL RIVER
While Lord Roberts' Force fe Rapidly Approaching tlie
Transyaal ' the Movements l;ol the Federals Are
' Enveloped in Mystery.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 26; 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXYII-XO. 1ST.
JAPAN PLACES LIVE TORPEDOES
AT THE MOUTHS OF HER HARBORS
i^T ALL HEADQUABTEES, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, May 25.-InformatIon has
ly been received here from reliable sources which shows that Japan has taken rather peculiar action
in connection with the naval maneuvers in which her fleet is now engaged. It Is customary to
place "dummy" torpedoes at mouths of harbors which are included in the plan of defense, but information
given me to-day shows that live torpedoes instead have been planted. This fact has aroused consider
able comment in naval circles, and has been accepted as an indication of preparations for war. '¦
In diplomatic circles, however, a different . impression prevails. A. well; known . diplomat, who
has just returned from Japan, said to-day that financially the Japanese Government was not in condi
tion to go to war, although he stated. that it undoubtedly was true that the Japanese people wereIwill
ing and anxious to go. to war with Russia, giving as an indication of their eagerness the effect of the re
port circulated for stock Jobbing purposes, the announcement that a Russian man-of-war had fired upon
a Japanese merchant steamer, as a result of which Japan was immediately in arms, the excitement disap
pearing 1 only when the alleged occurrence was officially denied.
The Russian Government is said to be pursuing a very _ correct attitude in the East at this time.
It does net want war with Japan, and its representatives in Japan and Korea are under instructions to
pursue a most pacific policy. The Masampho dispute has been amicably arranged, and it is reiterated that
there are at present no controversies between the two governments. _'.-
'¦.'¦¦.".-.. "T " "• ?
CHICAGO, May -25. — Application - for divorce by Mrs. Bertha Stecker from Professor
Heniy , T. Stecker, instructor in mathematics, in the Northwestern University, has
. out tacts that would startle a community it> the most heathen country in the
world. According to the evidence of close friends of Mrs. Stecker and admissions of members
of the faculty/Professor Stecker for more 'than eighteen months has visited on an infant son
most inhuman cruelties in the name of science. According to Mrs. Solon G. Bronson, an in
timate , friend of Mrs. Stecker, the mathematical process of. raising children as practiced by
Stecker was to allow a baby from birth to be fed but once every three hours during- the day
and but twice during the night. If it cried between times it was not to be humored, and if it
continued to cry it: was whipped until it stopped. This was the treatment when the father was
at home. He said there were enough children growing up wicked, and he proposed to train his
child to regular habits from -the cradle'. He would not allow it to sleep in the daytime. If "it
criedfrom hunger, which the wife insisted it often did, he would not allow her to feed it, but
whipped it instead.
Sometimes he became so angry at the child that he placed a hand over its mouth and
held it there until the child almost strangled. He would hold the" baby up by one ear and
slap it- until it bore marks of fingers for hours. Once, when the mother was bathing the child
and'it cried, he caught it by the ankle and held it out; Kead downward, and whipped its bare
body. The baby was covered with bruises, black -and blue, day after day. Neighbors pro
tested to Stecker-and were forbidden to enter the house. They then .made formal complaint
to President Rogers^.who investigated and. secured from- Stecker an admission of the truth of
the charges, and of reform. .He is said to have begun his torture of the child the
veryday of its birth and, despite the promises- to the faculty, to have continued k till the wife
left. him,: a-few weeks ago, almost. a mental and physical wreck, the result of being forced daily
to see her child brutally beaten. The co-eds to-day refused to attend his classes, and the whole
student^ body is in revolt against his .retention. President Rogers to-night promised that
Stecker would be removed at the end of- the present term.
The British are now sweeping the coun
try.far and wide,- seizing horses, cattle
and grain: Yesterday '^President ; Steyn
was reported i to ; be , at', Bethlehem with : a.
small field force appealing,- to ¦ the Free
Staters! to defend their freedom, and in
dependence. _ Apparently. -he and. all the
Free Staters : he .Scan: assemble 'will no\
Join: the Transvaalers,- but : will remain ' In '
the; northeastern -'section of the " Fre«
State.-''- -/i^'-V'^ — .--- -".-;- r ' -- •;¦$,?
V« On Tuesday there was heavy cannonad-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.PROHIBITIONISTS OF
OHIO IN CONVENTION
Plank Denouncing Cuban Offlce-
Holders as Boodlers Stricken
Out.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 25.— Rev. J. C.
Hallday of Zanesvllle was made perma
nent chairman of the Prohibition State
Convention to-day. After a bitter contest
the convention eliminated the expression
that the party would. wage war* against
the liquor traffic "in the name of Jesus
Christ." ministers of ,th** gospel N protestlng
sgainst the use of tlie words. - v
Another plank that' caused a warm de
ibate was a denuncintion pf officeholders
V» Cuba and the Philippines as "boodlers."
The clause w;is stricken out.
The initiative and referendum offered
by the committee on resolutions was also
defeated. The woman suffrage plank car
ried by a fair' majority.
J. K. Knox of Montgomery ¦ was nom
inated for Secretary.of State. J. 1^ Work
of Cincinnati and Robert Caldy of Colum
bus were nominated electors at large.
White Men Wanted.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 25.—The.Wel
llngton Colliery Company, at, the headof
which Is James Dunsmuir, a candidate
for Parliament In the election to be held
next, month. Is advertising for 500 white
miners and helpers, for the Wellington
extension and Comox mines, to super
sede all the Chinese now employed in the
mines.
Death of Mrs. Schuder.
Special Dispatch to The Call. f
WOODLAND. May ; 25.— Mrs. Mary
Schuder died at her home near this city
Thursday evening. She, was a native of
Tennessee, aged 70 years, and came to
Yolo In 1853. She leaves one daughter and
three sons, also four brothers j and three
sisters residing In Yolo and Colusa coun
ties. . ¦ .:-,. -¦ ...- ,:¦'.;. ... ¦ ::.¦
OCEAN' STEAM EH. . -
HAVRE— Arrived May 26— Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York. ....
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
PURSUING OUTLAWS.
Gang Has Planned Hob a Hailroad
Paymaster. ' "/>•/-
Special nlenaieh ' to Tb* Call.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. May 25.— A posse
left here to-day for the hill* in tho vicin
ity of Guernsey, where a band of outlaws
ufe in hiding. . . ; ., v *
The Federal authorities have been ad
vised that the bandits have planned to
ho!d up the payrraster ~%t the Burlington
Hallrcad. who will visit the track-layinf*
ennps on the Alliance-Guernsey line in a
fexr days. The robber* have also planned
to hold up the bank of Guerns-y. Should
they attempt to carry out their plans
they will be ?hot down-
Brakes on Two Cars Give Way on a
Steep Grade and a pisastrous
Runaway Results. :"j,
AKRON, Ohio. May 23.— Three men were
killed and a number of others seriously in
jured as the result of an accident to a
work train early to-day on the Akrcn and
Cuyahoga Falls Rapid Transit (electric)
suburban line. ¦ The brakes on two cars
loaded with gravel and carrying a dozen
workmen became disabled at the top of a
steep grade, The cars rushed dotvn the
incline at a 'terrific speed. Nino workmen
jumped from the cars as they sped- along
and were seriously injured. The others
Btuck to the cars until they jumped the
track at the bottom of the hill and were
hilled. The dead:
JACK McMAHON.
MICHAEL, PENDERS.
K. WELKER.
Among those badly injured are Noah
Updcjrraff and Jack Haley. The names of
the others injured have not yet been
learned.. >
— ?
Johnston Challenges Hackett.
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 23.— Robert
N. Johnston, the oarsman who has been
in active training for some time past, has
issued a challenge to row John L. Hack
ett, late of Rat Portage, but now of Seat
tle. The challenge calls for a three-mile
race with a turn for $1009 a. side, to be
rowed on Burrard Inlet on or . before
July 15. £ -.
William at Mayence.
BERLIN, May 25.— Emperor "William ar
rived this afternoon at Mayence, where
he was at the festivities. He then went
en board one of the vessel's torpedo fleet,
accompanied by General Count von Wal
dersee and his suite, and sailed down the
Rhln* to Mlttleheim. .the population lin
ing the shores and cheering.
THREE MEN KILLED
ON ELECTRIC RAILWAY
We have respectfully to present that, while
we »ir:'rove the legislation of Congress for the
txtradltion for trial of those charged with
criir.e In other lands, yet we percelva dangeroub
inconsistency in Us failure to enact the pro
posed legislation for the removal from one State
to another oV men Indicted In our country for
crin»es committed acainet Us laws.
It er«mi commendable to extradite those ac
cused of postal crimes in Cuba for trial in that
country, but while the greatest ha<>te is made
in 'expediting the removal of American citizens
for trial before a Fpanleh court It seems impos
sible, in view of the absence of the necessary
legislation, to remove men for trial charged
with the crimes of the highest magnitude, from
one miled States district to another.
We recommend to our representatives in Con
srep* to da all In their power to cause the
l>af«-age cf the law proposed by the Attorney
General, which will have the effect of compel
ling Judges of the I'nitfJ States courts to con
form to the ertablishcl practice in euch mat
ters. Surely It is no more important to remove
for trial from New York to Cuba men wno are
charged with peculation in the amount of $100.
000 than !t is to remove other men from New
York to Gecrgla who are charged with the em
bezzlement of more than «,«*). 000 of the Gov
ernment's mon p y appropriated for the benefit of
the people of this State and the South. •
Report Made by the Georgia Grand
Jury Apropos of the Case of
Green and Gaynor. ¦
AUGVSTA, Ga., May 25.— The Grand
Jury for the United States District Court,
now in session here, with Judge Emory
Speer ou the bench, made the following
presentment in reference to the celebrat
ed case of the Greens and Gaynors, whom
Judge Brown has refused to extradite
from New York for trial before the Unit
ed States Court in this district:
LEGISLATION NEEDED
* ON EXTRADITION LAWS
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 25.— The gar
rison at Esqulmalt is heing strengthened
numerically from month to month. A de
tachment of 107 officers and men arrix-ed
by special train to-day and later sailed
for Esqulmalt. They came straight
through from Chatham, England.
Special Dispatch to The Lau.
WOODLAND, May 23.— Expert Ame3,
who has occupied the stand for many
hours, says the ?10.000 note in the Johns
estate contest is genuine. The introduc
tion of three receipts not among the orig
inal exemplars caused a momentary tiff
between the attorneys, but Judge Gaddin
finally succeeded in maintaining order.
The attorneys for the contestants are ap
parently satisfied that the receipts are not
forgeries, and have permitted them to be
offered as evidence.
»
More Men for Esqulmalt.
Says Note Is Genuine.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 23.— An over
turned fishing boat was picked up to-day
off Point Atkinson under circumstances
which indicate .the holiday to have closed
with death for the former occupants. The
boat was floating on its side, the mast
stepped and the sail double-reefed, indi
cating that a strong breeze had been
blowing when it last received attention.
There was a sack of clothing under the
seat and all the arrangements of the boac
indicated that its occupants had been
thrown out to their death by the capsiz
ing of the craft in a sudden squall.
Overturned Boat Found.
B-IVEB BILX BEFOBTED.
Measure Includes Authorization for
Dredging the San Joaquin.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce, through Senator
McMlllin. to-day reported the emergency
river and harbor bill. The general ap
propriation made by the bill was in
creased from 52OO.0CO to $230 .fWO and the fol
lowing additional harbors, rivers, etc.. of
which surveys are to be made, were au
thorized: San Joaquin River. California,
from Antloch to Suinun Point; Colorado
River, Nevada, from El Dorado Canyon to
Rio Vllle; Columbia River. Oregon, from
canal at The Dalles rapids: Snake River.
Idaho and Washington, from the head of
navigation to the Columbia.
Lieutenant John Crotty. Fortieth Infan
try, at San Francisco, has been ordered
to the army and navy general hospital at
Hot Springs, Arkansas, for medical treat
ment. _
The following postmasters have been ap
pointed: Colroa. San Mateo County, Hi
ram K. Magoon. vice Jacob Bryan, re
moved; Palms. Los Angeles County, J. F.
Bryant, vice C. C. Wels. removed; Towle,
I Placer County. E. T. Roble. vice Lewis A.
Gould, resigned. Washington — Cinnabar.
Lewis County. William A. Boyne. vice
Lavlca J. Lovell. removed: Clyde. Walla
Walla County. Andy T. Cope, vice A. F.
Wiseman, resigned.
Washington: Restoration and Increase-
William D. Mesecher. Goldendale. $5. In
crease — William N. Alvord. Chehalis, $3;
William Stott. Walla Walla, J10.
Oregon: Orignal— Willard N. Morse,
Monla Villa. *>.
"WASHINGTON". Mar 23.— Th« following
pensions have been granted Callfornlans:
Original. Andrew Ness. Veterans' Home.
Napa, S3: John W. Lonnon. Pomona. $6.
Additional— Edward Court. Stockton, $10;
John A. Wheeler, San Jose. J10. Increase—
John Grady, San Francisco, $3; George Se
bastian. Norwalk. $8.
masters Appointed.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call. ¦ .
OF- INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions Granted or Increased — Post-
"The question of the enforcement of the
labor contract by injunction or contempt
in equity process is called a difficult one,
mainly made soby the abuses which have
arisen from injunctions carelessly Issued.
It is suggested that it might be well to
limit punishment for contempt to impris
onment for a brief .period, but equity
courts must not be deprived of tho power
to protect themselves and to make their
decrees respected. The practice of award
ing blanket injunctions against all the
world, or against unnumbered defendants,
as well as the practice of Indirectly en
forcing the contract 'for permanent serv
ice by enjoining employes from quitting
work, should be discouraged not only by
popular sentiment but by intelligent judi
cial opinion. .
The employment of children below the
age of 14 should be prohibited In factories.
Mne length of the working day in all pub
lic employment should be ttxed at eight
hours. Tne same time should be fixed for
workmen Jn underground mines, except
in cases of emergency. Employment in
mines of children less than 14 years ot
age and of all women and girls should
be forbidden. Congress might well enact
that no person under. 18 snould be em
ployed as a telegraph operator upon rail
roads, and that all engineers and switch
men should submit to an examination for
color blindness: also that it be made a
misdemeanor for an engtneer or switch
man to be intoxicated while on duty. A
simple and liberal law regulating the pay
ment of labor should be adopted by all
the States, providing that all laborers
shall be paid in cash orders without dis
count, not in gqods or due bills, and that
no compulsion, direct or indirect, should
be used to maJte them purchase goods at
any. particular store. .
Provisions for the fair weighing of coal
at mines before passing over a screen
should be adopted,- and the miners should
have the • privilege of; employing a check
welghman at their own expense.
"The subject of greatest public interest
to-day," says the report, "Is perhaps that
of the regulation oi' the hours of labor
permitted in industrial occupations, and
t'specaiiy n factores."
as Congress ftas no power to legislate
directly in this matter, the committee rec
ommends that a simple statute be en
acted by States regiuaiing the length of
the working day for all persons between
tne ages 01 14 and -1 years who work in
tactones.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— The Industrial
Commission in its report to Congress "on
labor legislation recommends Improved
legislation to the State Legislatures
rather than to Congress directly.
Would Make a Day's Work for Labor
ers Uniformly Sight Hours as
Well as for Employes in
Factories.
a Long Report to
Congress.
Industrial Commission Sends
RECOMMENDS
CHANGES IN THE
LABOR LAWS
"The history of the Army of the Poto
mac presents features which are very dis
tinctive in their character. Its record,
considering the numbers engaged and the
Eangulnary character of its battles, pre
sents a picture of martial prowess unsur
passed by any army ct modern, times. In
some of the battles in which this army
¦was engaged nearly a third of Us officers
and soldiers were either killed or wound
ed, while in the great battles of Europe
the losses seldom exceeded one-seventh
and In many of . the European - battles
which history describes as severe and
sanguinary the killed and wounded were
only from 5 to 10 per cent of the force en
gaged. The fearful casualty list of both
contending armies in the Civil War was
caused by the determined courage of the
army which attacked and the. stubborn
resistance of those who met and resisted
the assaulting columns. It was this he
roic conduct which brought out to their
fullest measure the splendid qualities of
American soldiers. 'Death is at all times
surrounded by sadness- and sorrow and
this is essentially true when the victims
are youthful, buoyant spirits who are al
ways first to obey their country's call to
arms; but the bravery of such men on the
field where their Hve3 are sacrificed Is
the most precious memory" In the history
of our country. Their martial example
is our pride, glory, safety and strength."
At the close of the ceremonies the Pres
idential party returned to Washington, but
the reunion exercises of the Society of the
Potomac were continued at night in the
opera-house, where addresses were made
by a number of veterans, including Gen
eral Joseph Wheeler, who said In part:
The visit of the President to Fredericks
burg was primarily in honor of the annual
reunion of the Array of the Potomac. The
town was In gala dress and turned out
en ma3se to receive the distinguished vis
itors. The President and party were wel
comed at the Courthouse, which was dec
orated with the national colors and the
various corps flags of the Army of the
Potomac. Welcoming speeches were mads
by prominent veterans from both sides of
the Civil War and afterward the Presi
dent held an Informal reception at the
home of St. George II. Fitzhugh, where
he was welcomed by hundreds of the
townfolk, both white and colored.
FREDERICKSBURG, Va.. May 25.— On
the very ground over v, Inch the old Fifth
Corps charged at .Frcderlcksburg Presi
dent McKinley. his Cabinet and General
Miles to-day witnessed the laying of the
cornerstone in a shaft 'which will perpet
uate in bronze and granite the heroism of
the ? Army of the Potomac. It was an
impressive ceremony and rendered the
more so by the fact that among the hun
dreds who witnessed the event were noted
leaders of botli the Federal and Confed
erate forces. The monument was the per
sonal gift of General Daniel Butterfield
to the National Memorial Association.
This in itself was a unique feature, as the
battle-ncld monuments heretofore have
been mostly the gift* of corporate socie
ties or furnished by popular subscriptions.
General Butterneld himself was present
and assisted in the ceremony, but owing
to ill health the committal of the monu
ment to the Secretary of War was made
by Colonel Hill, one of the veterans of
the Fifth Corps. The ceremony was with
due Masonic rites and at its completion
the Secretary of War accepted the gift
in the name of the. American people.
Ceremonies Witnessed by the.Presi
dent, Cabinet and General Miles
and a Gallant Addrsss Made
by General Wheeler.
Monument to the Heroism
of the Army of the
Potomac
CORNERSTONE OF
FREDERICKSBURG
SHAFT IS LAID
The now town of White Horse contains
a number of angry settlers, who were
compelled to vacate their homes last
week by Government officers. Last fall
they purchased lots of men claiming to
have perfect title. It now appears that
the townsite is owned by the White Pass
Railroad, except every third lot, which
was reserved fot/the crown. Settlers on
these crown lots were compelled to move
without ceremony. Their vigorous pro
tests were unavailing. It is claimed that
the men who sold the lot? have since left.
Indications are that four or five thou
sand men will leave Dawson for Nome.
Some of them will go on barges, taking
houses from Dawson and running the
risk of getting tugs to tow them across
Bering Sea from the mouth of the Yukon
to Nome.
These dispatches indicate that much ex
citement prevails at Dawson ' over the
early opening of the Yukon and the pos
sibility thus afforded Klondikers to join
the Nome stampede. The cleanup on
some of the creeks being nearly com
pleted, several thousand men were anx
iously preparing to take the first steam
ers down the river. They were making
bets freely that they would reach Nome
before the passengers on the steamers
from Puget Sound and other ports.
Dawson dispatches received at Skaguay
last Saturday state that the steamers
Flora, Florence S and Gustin had arrived
there from Lebarge. They were to start
back at once. ; N
-TACOMA. May Skaguay advices of
May 20. received to-night, state that nav
igation is opened on Lake Bennett and
the Yukon 'River Is now open clear to
Dawson, with the exception of Lakes Le
barge and Tagish. The steamer Alpha
cut through the Ice on Lake Bennett last
week and was followed on Sunday by the
steamers Gleaner and Australian, both of
which will carry railroad materials from
Bennett to Carlboul The Canadian Devel
opment Company will send the steamers
Australian and Bailey through White
Horse Rapids as soon as practicable.
They will then operated on the Yukon,
below Dawson. The extension of the
White Pass Railroad on White Horse
renders their use unnecessary on the up
per lakes.
Special Di^isatch to Th« Call.
Settlers at White Horse Evicted by
the Government From. Property
Which They Purchased in
Good Faith.
Miners Are Eagerly Rush
ing to Nome Gold
Fields.
YUKON RIVER
NOW OPEN TO
DAWSON CITY
of the tunnel was . carried in the men's
pockets and stamped in about the camp,
and so attracted no notfee.
intrenching ¦ tool -which had belonged to
thQ'Munater Fusiliers and had been sto
len'ori : bjbard : ship. The earth taken out
The Boer prison is inclosed by barbed
wire fencing. Sentries patrol around it
all thu time and electric lights make what
goes on Inside the inclosure as easily.visi
ble at night as in the day time.
Tho prisoners have been under the care
of the Sixth Warwickshire Militia. At
first there was only a detachment of the
regiment, under Captain Beatty, and an
attempt to escape by making a tunnel out
of tho inclosure. was luckily frustrated
by him. He had a suspicion for some
time that something of the sort was con
templated, from the demeanor of Colonel
Schiel, who was continually looking at
plans and making drawings on the
ground. Consequently a very sharp look
out was kept, but nothing was discovered
until an informer gave the information
that a tunnel was being made, which,
having its entrance in one of the tenth,
was to have its exit in some shrubs or
bushes on the sea shore, beyond where
the sentries -&ere patrolling.
The tents were struck and a search was
made; but so 'ingeniously had the open
ing of the tunnel been hidden that it was
only by chance that Captain Beatty,
prodding the ground with his stick, founo.
ft. The English engineers had told Cap
tain Beatty that it was perfectly impos
sible to make a tunnel In 1 the ground, as
without supports it would fall in. How
ever, it was made, and without supports,
and ran in a sort of zigzag fashion for
thirty-four yards. It was two and a half
feet under the ground, and about three
feet- deep, with just enough room for one
man in it. who worked at the end. the'
loosened' earth being sent to the entrance
by means of a little sledge trolly pulled
by a piece of rope.
The tools were a broken spade and an
but for n traitor among {hem, who
told tho commander of the guard of the
impending attempt.
HE recent plan of some of the
51Joer prisoners at Simons Town to
make their escape was very well
contrived and deserved to succeed,
as it would doubtless have"~done
Betpaped bfl an In
" former While Dig
ging the: Tunnel
Under the' Camp,
WASHINGTON. May 25.— Discussion of
the Bpooser Philippine bill was continued :
in the Senate to-day by Morgan of Ala- j
bama. On the general question of the j
ownership and government by the Vnited ;
States of the Philippine Islands he was In i
accord crith Senators Spooner and Lodge, ;
but he regarded the pending bill as un- \
wise and dangerous legislation because :
ot the great power it placed in the ha mis '
oi the t'rerio.em. .He was satisfied, how- j
ever, thut tht raeasnre would nut be j
passed h\ Congress, and declared that it j
was being uteu as a roil to tnrust aside !
::>- M' .iii'o-a canal bill. Mucu ot ms
i-peecn was uevot«-a lo me canal Dili, ana |
to denunciation oi tne eitoria to prevent j
us enactment at this se^sicja.
Morgan attacked the i'nniiiplno bill as \
concentrating an the power over the I
i^niiippsiics in tne Freti'jrjru of tne t'nitea
siaii-r. Jt m legalizing; absolutism ana
tooK. away Irom use senate the power to
connrm me appointments oi me i'resi- :
dent.
.Morgan made a long argument in sup
port ot the Nlcaraguan cinal us douoiy I
iiecessiiry. now «v« were in the Pniiip- j
pines, lie oeclared tiit-re was even now i
a revolution in tne j-tate of Panama,
which was Ixuig fomented, incited and j
aiaed by various canal companies, whicn ;
iiaa propositions belore me i_ intea States |
Senate lor its con^Weration. Iteferring i
to the suggestions that had been made to :
this Government by tnese canal cornpa- i
nies he inquired:
"I'd like to know how much of this kind ,
of Insolence the American Senate can j
stand without having its stomatn turned." i
He bitterly denounced the yynaicates I
which had oef-n organized unuer New I
\ork and New Jersey Iaw3 "tcr the pur- j
pose of controlling canal routes, on the
isthmus of l>arien."
"It Is an outrage on all public decency,"
he urged, "an open violation of the crim
inal laws of the Vnited States. While I
Bland here to rebuke it. the railroad com- ;
bination opposing the canal bill is to- !
day controlling tne ;>eople of tne Vnited j
States by a conspiracy and combination to j
compel them to pay lull rates charged at j
the pleasure oi tills great combination by |
which their industries are suffering to ;
an extent indescribable and which nooody j
has yet even attempted to estimate."
With earnestness and vigor he arraigned
the new Panama Canal Company for nav
ing beta instrumental in preventing the
passage of the Nicaragua canal bill at ]
the present session. :
"Never." he declared, "has the t'nited
States Government and the L'nited States
Congress been badgered and cuffed about
as we have by this new Panama Canal
Company, and the quiet submission and
eas* with which we take it can be ac
counted for only in one way. and that is
the Presidential el<*etion Is pending and
we are afraid to tackle any corporation
that bas, or professes to have, some great
powex."
Morgar. maintained there was no proper
reason why the pending Nicaragua canal
bill should not b*- passed at once. It was
demanded by the people and they would
demand an accounting from the politi
cians. He could not believe the President
was in leag-ue with the politicians, who
were antagonizing the canal bill.
"For," he inquired vehemently, "is it to
be eald here that the President is a party
to this ambidextrous and cross-eyed po
litical rascality?"
H*> did not believe either that the Presi
dent was so afraid of British influence
that he had an idea in his mind of aban
doning the canal project.
"As to the bill before the Senate." de
clared Morgan, referring to the Philip
pine measure, "it i* manifest that it can
not pas? C"ngrc«s at this session; indeed,
it can never pass this Congress. It is ir
rational now for Congress to legislate for
conditions so remote, unknown and so
hazardous.
"Th«» President, who is a candidate for
re-election." said he, "is in th«? hands of
his friends and his friends are the ene
mies of the Nicaragua canal. I hardly
know whether to cay I hope for the pas
6a«*> Of the canal bill at this session or
not. That depends upon two men on this
floor. Jf th*JT are controlled by a deter
mination that the revenues for Republi
can, campaipn purposes shall not be cut
off from the great raiiroad and canal
combin»tionR and syndicates the bill can
not pass at this session. , The responsi
bility, however, must rrst upon them." *
Allison then called up the- sundry civil
!*»>rrnpriation bill, which carries JfiS.S15.-
S"f'. or nvrr $4.W>.W> more than the bill as
it passed the House. . " • „
Pixty-flve of the 1" pages cf th» bill
were dippor-rd of. Some discussion was
pr^-cipitatj-d over a committee amendment
providing that thp Pecretar." of the Treas
ury should rresTibe rules and regula
tions for the enforcement of the contract
labr-r lnw and the Chinese exclusion act.
l»dpe of Mnrsachusert? offered an
amendment providing that th#» Commis
sioner General of Immigration should pre
pare the rulc-B and regulations and they
Fhould be enforced after the Secretary of
th* Trearurv had approved them.
Allen of Nebraska opposed the amend
ment of th<» committee, maintaining thru
I* was a practical nullification of the Chi
nese exclusion act and the contract labor
law. The whole matter, he declared, was
Jeff to thr ennrire of the Secretary, and
this, too. while rallreads were hurrying
into th» country thousands of Japanese
ror)trsct inbrrTf. Without action upon
the .imenrimfru the bill was laid aside un
til to-morrow.
GalHr.g^r presented a conference report
en the Mlt grrinti'-.jr to Mrs. Guy V.
Her.ry. widow ot General H»nry. a pen-
Fion. Thr- confr-rcji reduced t'ne. amount
of The pension from $103 to $73 a month.
The report was agreed to.
Speeches jn memory of Hon. Daniel
Krmintrout. lat^ a Representative from
P^nnpvjvanla. closed the day. the Senate
cdjotirnlnc at 5 p. m.
Says the Measure Will Not Pass and
Is Being Used to Thrust
Aside the Nics.raguan
Bill.
Morgan Fears That Too
Much Power ¥/ould Be
Given President.
DOES NOT FAVOR
THE PHILIPPINE
SENATE BILL
CITY OP MEXICO. May 25— A telegram ha* t>een received from W. J.
Grae* at Duranpo nnnotmcirgr that the Judge of the lower court refuses to
carry out the explicit order of the Supreme Court of Mexico to turn over to
him the Yacas, San Marcos and Bismarck mines, worth $20,000,000.
A military force will probably be necessary to enforce the order. Mr.
Grace Is the son of Mr*. Mary B. Grace of Syracuse. X. Y., formerly of Cali
fornia., whose ownership of tho mines has been established to the satisfac
tion of the Supreme Court of Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PENSION FOR
THE WIDOW OF
CAPT. GRIDLEY
House Passes a Bill Allow
ing $50 Per Month for
Her Support.
Talbert of South Carolina Creates a
Discussion by Making' an Assault
Upon Too Rapid Passage
of Measures.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— The House de
voted two hours to-day to the considera
tion of tho Alaskan civil government bill
without completing it. The session from
noon until adjournment was devoted, un
der the rules, to private pension bills.
Talhert cf Siuth Carolina, who aban
doned obstructive tactics a few we(-ks ago.
was npain in evidence to-day. After 1P0
lulls had been favoiably aoted upon by
thA committtp of the whole Talbert
Mocked their pa?.«ape in the House with
the point of no quorum. Among the bills
favorably acted upon to-day were the Sen
ate bills to pension the widow of the late
Captain C»ridl«*y. who commanded the
Olympia in the battle of Manila, at $50 per
month; the widow of the late Commodore
W. M. Meadp, at $40 per month, and the
widow of the late General M. F. Force of
Ohio, at $50 per month. General Force
¦was the Republican candidate for Gov
ernor of Ohio in 1>>".». Subsequently h»
was Minister to France. Since his death
Mrs. Force has falien into destitute cir
cumstance* and is now engaged in truck
farming near Cincinnati.
r>urln«r the consideration of one of the
bi'.ls Taibert of South Carolina made an
assault upon thp manner in which pension
bills were rushed through. He cited the
case of Arthur Dinsmore. an I1S00 depart
ment clerk, for whose benefit Congress re
cently passed a bill, increasing his pension
from J^l to $72 per month. Congress, he
paid, was so ashamed tit its outrageous
action after it discovered what had been
done that the till was recalled from the
President after it h«d pone to him for his
signature. Dlnsmore was a private in the
Third Michigan Infantry. Talbert charged
that in addition to his Government salary
and pension he was drawing 1100 a month
as secretary of one of the members of
the Invalid Pension Committee of the
House. S. W. Smith of Michigan.
Smith replied and said Dinsmore's condi
tion was deplorahle and prevented him
attending: to his duties, so that he had to
pay all pave about J2<X) of his pay from
the sneaker for assistance in doing the
work and had to lose three to five months
each year from the pension office without
pay.
Gardner of Michigan, who knew Mr.
Din?more personally, also gave the House
a trraphic description of his sufferings.
Every dollar of his pension money. $24 per
month, he said, went to pay doctors" bills.
Talbert said if these things were true
the pension office should grant Mr. Dins
more $72 per month.
Military May Be Called Upor> to
Enforce the Claims of W.
J. Grace.
REFUSAL TO TURN
OVER MEXICAN MINES
Mr. Price announces ih?U. his marriage
to Miss Eugenie Dyer, which was to have
taken place on Monday, next In the
Church of the Epiphany, will occur to
morrow at the bride's residence in this
city. There will be no bridesmaid, no
maids of honor and no guests. It was
reported yesterday that the marriage
would be indefinitely postponed because
of the failure.
When Mr. Price was asked If It were
true that a member of the firm, unknown
to the other partners, had speculated In
cotton, and if such things were not con
trary to the rules of the flrm, he said:
"in regard to that question. I. have ab
solutely no statement to make."
"If Mr. Crocker made such a statement
as that it was very unkind of him, as he
y» not thoroughly acquainted with the
facts. We sent him a dispatch at the time
of our suspension and ne probably was
irritated and drew his own conclusions.
This statement purported to have been
made by Mr. Crocker is a great injustice
to other members of the firm. Mr.
Crocker was not thoroughly acquainted
with the firm's operations up to the pres
ent time. Jt was but a short time ago
that he returned from Kurope. He held
an interest of 5500,000 aa a special partner
and seldom came to the office. Our sus
pension was as great a surprise to me as
to Mr. Crocker."
Mr. Crocker will leave to-morrow for
Florence, where he will remain for a
¦week. .
NEW YORK, May 25.— When Theodore
II. Price was seen to-night in regard to
the dispatch from Rome containing the
statement made by George Crocker he
said:
"In my opinion," said Mr. Crocker,
"the failure was probably caused by the
private speculations in cotton o£,a mem
ber of the firm unknown to the other
partners and contrary to the rules of the
firm, which absolutely forbid specula
tion."
To-day he Informed the correspondent
of the Associated Press that he was the
chief partner in the firm and that he had
heard of the failure this morning with
gTeat surprise.
ROME. May 23.— George *C. Crocker of
the firm of Price. McCormick & Co. of
New York, who on Thursday announced
thelr-inabllity to meet their engagements,
Is staying here at the Grand Hotel de
Rome.
A Member of the Firm Said to
Have Gambled in Cotton
Contrary to the Absolute
Rules.
Says Speculation Ruined
Firm of Price, McCor
. mick & Co.
GEORGE CROCKER
ACCUSES ONE OF
HIS PARTNERS
Won)dQ Was 111 in Bed and h\er
Husband Entered Room and
Fired Without Explanation.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 25.— Frank Reed, a logger, shot and killed his t
wife this evening and then shot himself. Reed is probably fatally wound- .
cd. r Mrs. Reed was lying on the bed in. a /rlend's room at the Cleveland
House and sent for her husband, complaining that she was sick. '
. Reed came into the room and after a few words of pleasant conversation
whipped out a revolver and shot his wife and then tried to kill himself.
The couple have frequently been arrested for quarreling.
FRENCH SENATE
BRINGS UP THE
DREYFUS AFFAIR
Discusses Alleged Meddling
in the Case by a
Detective.
Officers of the Army Are Warned
That They Must Consider the
Case to Be Closed
Forever. • ,
PARIS. May 25. — The question of the al
leged meddling of Detective Tomps In the
Dreyfus affair, which was warmly dis
cussed at the opening of the Chamber of
Deputies, was brought up In the Sonata
this afternoon by the Minister of "War.
The Marquis de Gallifet on Tuesday de
nied the existence of the Tomps letters,
and the Ministry, through the Interpel
lator, M. Humbert, flatly contradicted
him. The Marquis de Gallifet to-day ex
pressed regret at the fact that he had
misled the Chamber, as, he said, he had
since ascertained that M. Humbert's
statement was correct. The letters, he as
serted, existed at the Ministry without his |
knowledge. The Minister of War then an
nounced that the documents had fallen
into the hands of politicians, who had them
during the debate on Tuesday by tha
crime of an officer of the War Office, who
had divulged them. This officer, the Min
ister continued, had been immediately
cashiered. "The officer, as an explana
tion." said Gallifet, "made the unheard-of
remark that 'what I did was political.'
and he, aa an officer, dared to say this to
the Minister of War, when It is the first
duty of an officer to avoid politics." •
"As I declared before," continued the
War Minister, ''and since entering the
Ministry, the Dreyfus Incident, now thae
the Rennes courtmartial has taken place.
Is closed. All the army has been warned
and any soldier departing from this Una
of conduct knows what to expect"
The Premier. M. Waldeck-Rousseau.
followed and gave a lengthy explanation
of the Tomps affair, finally announcing
that Tomps had been transferred and that
the incident was closed.
The officer disgraced by the Marquis da
Gallifet is Captain Frltsch. who Is said
to be an Alsatian.
KILLED HIS WlFE
AND SHOT HIMSELF
INGENIOUS PLAN OF BOER PRISONERS
TO ESCAPE FROM BRITISH CAMP
THE SAN FRANC1SUU (JALL, SATUKDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
SAN RAFAEL, May 25.-The- body of
the man-who fell from the steamer San
Pedro, off . Drakes ¦ Bay," has ¦ been fully
identified as. that of. Thomas R. Jones of
Nevada City. His. brother, Andrew. Jones,
to-day had the body, removed from the
Morgue and It will be Rent home for in
terment. The cause of Jones' death will
probably remain a . mystery.' ¦¦ Some light
may be thrown on the affair when the
steamer returns from Cape Nome.
\ WASHINGTON. May 25.— Ex-Delegate
Ferguson and others ( from New Mexico
were before the House "Committee on
Foreign Affairs to-day in "opposition to tho
international dam across the Rid Granae
River at El Paso, Texas., A bill for this
purpose has been Introduced by Repre
sentative Stephens of Texas, appropriat
ing $2300 for the dam." which is designed
to raise the level of the upper Rio Grande
and increase the value of an extensive
area. The New Mexico delegation ob
ject on the ground that their irrigation
rights would be abridged.
Jones' Body Claimed.
Special IMsDatch to The Call.
Opposed by New Mexicans.
Retention of tha Rio Qrande's Waters
OBJECT TO THE DAM.
JOE GANS PUTS OUT
• HAWKINS IN TWO ROUNDS
Defeats the Californian in ths Fastest
Fight Ever Seen at the Broad
way Club.
NEW YORK. May 25.— Joe Gans of Bal
timore knocked out Dal Hawkins of Cali
fornia at the Broadway Athletic Club to
night in two rounds of the fastest fight
ing ever seeA in the clubhouse. The men
were scheduled to go twenty-five rounds
at 133 pounds and both scaled under the
limit. Hawkins assumed tho aggressive
at once and sailed in on his man with
both hands. He smashed the Baltimore
man with a left hook to the chin lust
after they put up their hands and dropped
him. It looked as if the affair was all
over, but Gans took the count of nine and
got to his feet. Hawkins followed him
fast, but Grins was all there with his
blocks and in a- fierce mix-up at tho ropes
sent, in a right swing to the Jaw that
floored Hawkins. • Again -it seemed that
the result was reached. Hawkins was all
but out. but struggled to his feet at the
count of nine. The fighting was furious
to the bell. .:¦¦.-¦ ¦ - .-•¦¦•. -. ¦
In the second round the men continued
their rapid pace. Gans had Hawkins
gauged, however, and easily, avoided his
terrible rushes and swings, and after one
minute and fifteen. -seconds of • slugging
Gans landed the punch that did the trick.
Smallpox at Anaheim.
ANAHEIM, .May 25.-What was sup
posed to be Cuban itch In the family of
John Hiltzer, south of the city, developed
to-day into smallpox. Precautions against
the spread of the disease have been ta
ken. . .- ¦ • '. ¦¦¦ : '••-:
L.os Angelan Appointed.
MINNEAPOLIS. May 25.— Chairman C.
A. Towne announces that he has appoint
ed. J. C. .Campbell of Los Angeles ser
geant at arms for the. National Silver Re
publican Convention. .
(From the Daily Graphic.)
BOER INGENUITY— THE ATTEMPT AT ESCAPE OF BOER PRISONERS
•¦ AT SIMONS TOWN. ,;
Thecrosseg in the :<!/j*r picture mark the tent where' the tunnel began
and the point in the bushes on the right where it was to end. :'
2
Possesses the valuable remedial virtues of such
important ingredients as Sarsaparilla, Yellow Dock,
Mandrake, Gentian, Wintergreen, Uva Ursi, Juniper
Berries^Pipsissewa, etc., — all especially gathered for
'.a?; us at the time of their greatest medicinal strength— -.
all carefully inspected and ground in our own Lab-
oratory — all skilfully combined by a proportion and
a process peculiar t6 itself. By results you [ may
I : ; judge its merit. -Its cures speak for it ' It will do
you a wonderful lot of good if you take it now.
The ideal Spring Medicine. Best made apywhere
by anybody. Be sure to get only HOOD'S.
-CAPE ftOMADS* PEHHYfdYAlTlLLS
»*%«¦ km I I %ffi |#*Al**># **& a OrUI»«l « H J Only Ceaalae.
I WF will inrwef *.«r. ?« onr E3 I AM-iSSSk tor CHICHESTER'S KNGIJSIX
S WC V.ili interest yOU in OCC- £3 Ui*!&£\j(tfi\\a UED »a4 told B «utl!« bow t»».f.t
M fits anrl nrirM M J^ 3Er®3 S? u " ****** T»ke ¦• acker. Beflu*
r nu ana prices. « -|S «s» vvl ncseron. ¦* n b.uu.uo«« ..i imii«-
1 MORE thin that, We Will H W' Jf ««mp. *r P»rtJml»r«. Te.tlm»n!aU
M ¦ tell VOU VOUr OUtfit. M -A. r ~ «"r»M»U. » ».O'M» Te«um.>ni»:«. Sol.l by
I BECAUSE we have the U Vmam *"* ™"' M «<"— »«¦*". rmiXr pa.
a - things you want and can 8 JM^.- ;_
I : . make L price no one I
I ELSE can *ouch. I j ** E N TS^>|
i Weekly CaU,$1.00 per YearKangaroo farming is to be an estab
lished institution in Australia.
Must File Specifications.
The Board of. Public Works instructed
the Chief of Police yesterday to stop all
work on the building now beini* erected
by Millionaire Bradbury . on Van Ness
avenue and California street until -the
owner has filed specifications with th«
board. It Is alleged that Bradbury Is his
own architect and that the: walls T of his
building are not of the required thick
ness, also that the underpinning is inade
quate. ....
Higher education was the topic under
discussion yesterday by the Congrega
tional Congress. President David Start
Jordan of Stanford University and Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Berkeley
were the leading speakers. Professor E.
E. Brown of the State University also
contributed an able paper. Professor
Jordan spoke in the afternoon on "The
Higher Education of the Pacific Coast."
and Professor Wheeler occupied the en
tire evening eession in a discussion of
"The Qualifications of the Teacher." The
latter discussion was largely analytical
and highly instructive.
Professor Jordan declared that the
pressure of higher education is greater
around the bay of San Francisco at th«v
present time than anywhere else in the
L'nited States. It is showing the highest
development of the modern idea of edu
cation, as far removed from the old tra
ditional Idea as the time and space that
intfrvene. England and Germany differ
in their ideas of the university. The Eng
lish University was established lor the
learned classes, as a badge of superiority
and a training place for diplomats and
ministers of the established church. Out
of this arose the so-called higher educa
tion that had sway for centuries, the
study of I^atin, Greek and mathematics
being regarded as the one essential thing.
This sort of education was brought over
to this country and certainly proved of
value for mind training.
The more modern and truly democratic
idea is that higher education should b»
open for all men. It was first recognized
In the founding of Cornell College,
where Ezra Cornell announced that any
man could get Instruction in anything.
Now it is recognized that it is better to
get advanced knowledge in one thing
than to have a smattering of many
things; to study Greek for ten years than
ten languages for one year. Nowadays
a competent electrician is better educat
ed than a quack doctor, a preacher or
professor.
We in America rather follow the Ger
man university, which is chiefly charac
terized by its breadth. The German uni
versity is a place for original research and
the dissemination of knowledge. The
American ideal Is higher than either the
German or English. The German aims to
make a. man learned and thorough, the
English to educate him along certain tra
ditional lines; the American leads on to
acticn and enables a man to do his work
in the world.
The fault with our universities is that
the teacher does not • come Into close
tnough contact with his students. This
can be corrected by increasing the num
ber of teachers. President Harper of the
Chicago University has proposed that the
smaller colleges discontinue their work at
the end of tne sophomore year and then
send students to Chicago. Dr. Jordan did
not favor this plan, believing that the
smaller college ought to remain indepen
dent.
Professor Brown followed Professor
Jordan with an able address on "Religious
Forces in Higher Education." Both ad
dresses were afterward discussed by the
congress. Rev. R. C. .Brooks of Oakland
spoke on "The Bible We Use" and Rev.
W. C. Kantner of Salom read an able pa
per on "The Christ We Preach."
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler's ad- 1
dress in the evening was listened to with
marked attention. He said in part:
"The philosopher is a son of the East;
the student a child of the West: the
teacher a child of Hellas.- where a man
knew his world and lived in it. The
preacher is half prophet and half teacher,
without Inspiration.
"There are two ways of. looking at the
uses of teaching. There is a teaching
that fits the individual to make the most
of himself. Those teachers who think they
are teaching recipes are the most mis
taken. There is nothing a teacher can do
but to furnish proper food. The other
view inheres in the recognition that we
ar tfi m £ mbcr s of a historical society in
which he must learn to accommodate him-
"The first food for a child is to teach
it to fasten its attention on what there
a v°orL lt lvl V ach the , mind t0 hold to
its y.ork. What we make out of mathe-
m £ °h ¦}% <; ontinul ty ot action. It teaches
the child to steer its own mind. People
™n°n ar fv, n r l l0 * lcal are those who cannot
collar their own minds arid hold them
down to something. Nature study l" to
be commended from the fact that it
S'n'&f^Sn" a ' ld 1S '-damental
rnH^ ar V 1ud ? m : ent ls not ' al t°Sther ir
rational. Good judgment is the process
statue. The reasonings in life are con
tingent reasonings. We cannot form a
syllogism that is complete. We hav? to
jump at conclusions from incornnW..
data. There is nothing so good in P life
as sound horso .sen-e-the seizing of es
sentials in incomplete data s OI es
"We used to think it a great thing to
break a chUd's will. We have found the
greatest difficulty in our educated output
in finding men that can act. Wo have
men that know, but we want men "hat
can do. Any education that can bring
together seeing, attention, ludgment ami
action will be pretty thorough l " d
The most important thing is for a child
to form good habits. A large Dart nf
what a teacher has to do is to %Sfuva?o
fffeaW^^oS^th-e ta^M
ng r hT\ t f a ne C c 1 e l s d ar t ?. dlSObey - Make a
"Teachers must be taught and trained
people There has been too much reliance
on method, psychology, child studv and
pedagogy. We nro not goins: to get edu
cators until we get people who have the
real subiect matter in them. We mint
have teachers who are already tralnmi
and have the sulrjeet matter they teach
already a part of themselves "
T-he nrogramme for to-dav is* On m
"The Work of th* Church In" Winnie
Souls to Christ." W. G. Pudd"fo nt So"
ton; "Present and Future Methods of
Evangelism." J. L. Malle. LoV Ar! Tgel»%
"Sources of Power." C. S.Xash. Oak
land; recreation.
These names have been added to the roll
call of the congress: President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University Pro
fessor E. E. Brown r>f the University of
California. Pev. F. Yj. Manr" Redwood
City; Rev. F. F Pearse. Sari *%re° 7 ?o-
Ttev. Francisco L«"vson. Oakland- t?« v #
W. TV. Lovejoy. Oakland; Rev. H H Ken'
nedy San Mateo; Rev. A.. B. Mowbrayl
Orovllle. ¦¦:.',.'.,. •"
MODERN EDUCATION FROM
AMERICAN STANDPOINT.
David Starr Jordan and Benjamin Ide
Wheeler Deliver Addresses to
Congregational Congress.
James B. Miller, Joseph L. Gianella, Jo
seph P. Mott, William C. Mulqueeney,
Joseph M. Escobar and James P. Mar
tin.
The Archbishop's gold medal was pre
sented to Francis E. Michel, the Justly
gold medal to Edward T. Mallon and the
alumni gold medal to William A. Hughes.
The badges of honor were pinned on the
lapels of their recipients' coats by the
Rev. Father P. C. Yorke.
"Socialism" was the subject of an essay
by Robert Guichard: "The Diseases of
Nations," by Henry Guichard: "Irish Ex
iles." by John A. Lavelle: "General Jou
bert." by William F. Chapman: "The
Worklngman." by Francis Michel: "The
American Soldier," by Henry A. Senf;
"Political Aspiration," by William A.
Hughes; "Our Colonial Policy," by Ed
ward I. But'.er.
The papers were forcibly delivered and
shov.-cri careful preparation dn the part of
the youns men. Music was rendered by
the St. Mary's College Orchestra. There
was also vocal music by several of the
young men of the college.
done more for education and the training
of the mind than any of the public
schools.
"A man who would exclt:de from the
privilege of teaching all but those who
have graduated from the universities
would measure God's mercy with a yard
stick and weigh it on the tipping balance
of a Rrocer's scales.
"Rtmeraber that your soul is of more
value than success and that it Is more
honorable to remain unsullied and un
known than to gain fame at the cost of
your honor. Keep truth above all things
and you will learn that justice and purity
are rewarded."
Degrees Are Conferred.
Degrees were conferred as follows:
Bachelor of arts— Edward T. Mallon.
Edward I. Butler. William Andrew
Hughes, Francis- E. Michel, Henry A.
Senf. John A. Lavelle. •• •¦ ¦ •
Bachelor of science— Robert F. Guich
ard. William F. Chapman, Henry R.
Guichard.
Commercial diplomas were awarded to
Rev. Peter C. Yorke.
Mr. Stone is a man of family, having
four children, the eldest of whom, Walter,
is a student at the Mount Tamalpals Mili
tary Academy in San Rafael, while the
eldest daughter. Miss Emily. Is a student
at Hamlln's school for young ladles In
this city. Mrs. Stone Is the daughter of
Austin Wiley, who was one of the early
proprietors of The Call, nnd is now Post
master at Arcata. HumboMt County.
Both she and her husband hold a very
high place In social circles in this city.
the company's steamship Humboldt, ply
incr between this port and Eureka, Sub
¦eqnently he became a part owner. Later
he disposed of his interest and conducted
a commission business, after which ht»
was given the responsible position which
he now holds.
Mr. Stone has been prominent In politics
and served as p. member of the Board of
Education of this city. He was aggrea
plve and active and rendered excellent
service to the city. His energy gained for
him the title of "Pooh Bah." which was
be3towed by some of his less active con
stituents who were Jealous of hl3 achieve
ments.
During the recent Spanish-American
war Mr. Stone -was regarded as one of the
most prominent benefactors of the sol
diers. At the auction pale of the seats
at the Orpheum Theater to raise furda
to wHeorr.e the returning First Callfor
.nlas he bought one of the boxes, paying
jr,0O for It. On behalf of the breweries he
subscriber $10<)0 to the fund.
CHARL.ES B. STONE, manager of the I
San Francisco Breweries, .limited, j
is at his country home in San Mateo |
fo seriously ill that but scant hopes j
are entertained for his recovery. The j
family of the patient la at his bedslile !
sorrowfully awaiting the end that i? |
slowly but apparently inevitably ap
proaching.
Mr. Stone is suffering from Bright's dis
ease and a complication of heart trouble. I
Although for some months past he has |
been far from being a perfectly well jnan. j
yet his illness did not reach an acute 1
stage until a few days ago. when he was
compelled to take to his bed. The best
medical skill attainable was procured, but
naught that science could tlo served to
stop the ravages of the Insidious and re
lentless disease. The sufferer grev/ stead
ily weaker, until practically all hope it
now lost. ¦
Charles-'!?. Stone Is very prominently
] known . In this city and throughout the
State as well. , For over a decade he ha3
been manager for the breweries. He is
comparatively a young man. being less
than 50 years of age. He has led a very
active life, the success which he has at
tained being due solely to his own efforts.
When the old Humboldt Steamship Com
pany was formed by Robert Searles, W. \
J. Swasey, Mark Kalish and others Mr. |
Stone was given the position of purser on ;
Even if they restricted emigration, the
laws of Japan are such that the Govern
ment cannot 3top any who wish to go to
America and pay their own expenses.
*> perform labor in the United States, or
should they become public charges, they
will be deported to the country whence they
came.
There is, I understand, a movement on foot
amonn the labor organizations in the United
States to hold a convention for the purpose
of discussing Immigration matters only.
There is no doubt but that that body will
prepare and recommend to Congress a bill
having for Its object the restricting and
regulating of immigration in line with the
sentiment .of the laborers and mechanics of
the United States. The difficulty in passlrff
such a law pointed out above will no doubt
be considered by that convention. Very
truly yours, (Signed) T. V. POWDERLT.
JAPANESE LURED EASTWARD.
Statement of President Konda of the
Nippon Yussn Kaisha Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 23.-R. Konda.
president of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha
Company, in an interview here to-night
said the Japanese Government would un
doubtedly restrict emigration to America.
He had urged all Consuls to advise the
Government strongly to take that course,
and had himself wired them to that ef
fect.
• I do , not think that apprehension need
grow™ out of the recent admission of some
twenty-five Doukhobors. for. while .they were
evidently assisted there was no evidence
upon. which to prove that they were contract
laborers: their movements are being care
fully watched, and if It should - be deter
mined that they really came under contract
I am Informed, and I believe reliably so,
that the Japanese Government is opposed to
the emigration of Its subjects. If such Is
the case it is possible that that Government
would ,be wtllins to unite with our* in a
modification ' of the treaty of 1S94: but as
that is a matter with which the Immigration
Bureau has nothing to do I merely direct
your attention to It In passing, for It rests
with Congress to take the initiative in such
a matter.
Opposed to Emigration.
The agitation of 1377-7? to which you refer
was for the passage of a law to exclude the
Chinese from admission to the United States,
but it was found that under the treaty of
If 08, known as the Burllngame treaty, the
Chinese had. under article V, the right to
free migratlcn to the United States "for
purposes of curiosity, of trade or as perma
nent residents." The agitation to which you
refer having crystallized Into a sentiment
acalnst further Immigration of Chinese.
Consress authorized the President to ap
point r. committee "to negotiate a modifi
cation of the existing treaties which shall
not be in direct contravention of their
.spirit": and following that came the treaty
ot 1SS0 with China known as the "Immigra
tion treaty." Since then it has been possi
ble to enact legislation which has been ef
> fectlve In excluding Chines* laborers.
It would appear that wMle the treaty of
1SS4 with Japan remains In full force and
effect, no 'law, except such as would apply
alike to persons of all nationalities belong
ing to the same class or classes, can be
made effective. ;
"The citizens or subjects of .each of the
two high contracting parties shall have full
liberty to enter, travel or reside in any part
of the territories, of the other contracting
party, and i»hall enjoy full and perfect pro
.tectlon for their persons and property."
\ The concluding paragraph of article 2 of
that treaty, which deals with commerce and
navigation, eays:
"It Is, however, understood that the stipu
lations contained In this and the preceding
article do not in any -way affect the laws,
ordinances and regulations with regard to
trade, the immigration of laborers, police
and public security which are In force or
which may hereafter be enacted In either of
the two countries."
In the treaty between the United States
and Japan concluded November 22, 1S94, and
ratified by the President February 15, 1S95, it
is provided In the first paragraph of article I
that: *.
Treaty With Japan.
The courts have so Interpreted the alien
contract labor law as to require that evi
dence of a contract, having been made
abroad, must be produced in evidence In
order to bar an Immigrant suspected of be
ing a contract laborer. The courts have not
us yet ruled upon the alien contract labor
law considered in the light of the causes out
of which it grew. Up to the present time
the attorneys for the Government, In trying
cases of violation of the alien contract labor
law. have declared upon the existence of a
contract and have endeavored to prove that
a contract existed, instead of attempting to
Bhow that the object aimed at in the passage
of the alien contract labor law, to wit., the
protection of the American workman from
competition with cheao foreign labor, was
belntr frustrated. Under existing law and
decisions based upon It It Is difficult to re
ject those cemlns In violation of the alien
contract labor law. and as the Japanese oc
cupy the same position In the eye of the latv
as citizens and subjects of the most favored
nation- they cannot be rejected when apply
ing for admlsslcn unless it is shown upon
special Inquiry that they belong to one or
the other of the foregoing excluded classes.
An evidence that Japanese immigrants are
Instructed or "coached" is found in the fact
that nearly every one comes provided with
$30. which he terms his "show money." The
Impression that the sum of 130 is necessary
is entertained by more than the Japanese,
but as a matter of fact no amount of money
Is required.
Section 1, act, of March 3, 1893, requires
that Immigrants shall state "whether in
possession of money, and if so. whether up
ward of $30, and how much if $30 or less."
The act does not specify, however, that fail
ure to produce $30 shall be a bar to admis
sion, for In passing upon the right of an im
migrant to land all the facts bearing on his
case shall be considered. Immigration offi
cials at San Francisco, at Puget Sound and
at Vancouver, n. C, have reason to believe
that the emigration companies of Japan
provide each emigrant for whom a passage
is secured with WO; that this sura Is either
turned over to the agent in this country on
the admission of the immigrant or subse
quently paid by him from his earnings here;
and there is little doubt but that the "show
money" of the Japanese immigrant is, as a
rule, provided by another In order to secure
his admission to the United States.
Evidence of a Contract Essential.
In order to check as far na possible this
influx of Japanese the department has given
the Collector of Customs at Port Townsend
authority to employ special Inspectors and
those already stationed along Puget Sound
have been Instructed to exercise greater vig
ilance. Another regular Inspector has been
detailed for duty at Port Townsend. and
the Supervising Special Immigration In
spector is now Investigating the coming of
so many Japanese, the causes leading to the
recent Increase In Immigration, the destina
tion of said Immigrants and the parties to
whom they apply for work; in addition
thereto he will ascertain and report upon
the most suitable points on the border at
which to station additional immigration In
rpectorB.
Difficult to Keep Them Out.
Under the law, as at present framed, it
is very difficult to prevent the admission of
alien contract laborers or assisted Immi
grants who may be of the excluded classes.
Section 1 of the act of March 3, 1S91, speci
fies that the following shall be excluded:
"Ali Idiots, Insane persons, paupeis- or
persons likely to become a public charge,
persons suffering from a loathsome or a dan
gerous contagious disease, persons who have
been convicted of a felony or other Infamous
crime or misdemeanor Involving moral turpi
tude, and also any person whose ticket or
passage is paid, unless It Is affirmatively
and satisfactorily shown on special Inquiry
that such person does not belong to one of
the foresroins excluded classes."
Many are under the impression that a
"person whose ticket : is paid -for with the
money of another, or who Is assisted by
others to come," may b«-excluded because
of such assistance; but if. it is shown on spe
cial inquiry that such person docs not be
long to one of the excluded classes above
mentioned such assistance is not to be con
sidered a bar to his admission.
The above gives, In brief, an outline of the
methods which were employed a year ago,
and I have reason to believe that the Japa
nese emigration companies are more active
than they were at that time. Hut. profiting
by part experience, and In order to elude
tlif vigilance of immigration officials at
American ports, are sending the bulk of
their human freleht to Canada, where, I
have no doubt, they are taken in hand by
agents of these companies and carefully In
structed how and when to gain admittance
to the United States.
Taken First to Canada.
Our immlsration officials at Vancouver
report that those landing there, not tlck
•ete.1 to the United States, disappear In a.
very short time and that no trace of them
can be found in that neighborhood. Advices
from Consular Agents and others go to show
that 90 per cent of the Japanese landing in
Canada eventually find their way into the
Copies of j the contracts and affidavits
taken at that time, at the port of San Fran
cisco, Fhow how these Japanese emigrant
companies manage to secure the admittance
of their people into the United States. On
the return of Mr. Rice from Jai»an instruc
tions were . l3»ued to th» officials at San
Francirco and alens the border to care
fully examine every Japanese emigrant.
This resulted in the sending back cf a num
ber In whose possession contracts with emi
gration companies were found. Since then
the form ot contract has been altered tn
crder to conform to tho Immigration lawa
of the United States, but in every case
where a contracfls produced the Immigrant
has be*-n ordered deported. At the present
time, owlnp to the vigilance of the Immi
gration officials, the Japanese emigrants
landing at flan Francisco, or at Vancouver
cr Victoria, destined for the United States,
do not brins a scrap of paper with them,
and while our officials may be morally cer
tain that they are coming under contract,
they can find no evidence on which to ex
clude them under our laws. During the
month ot April. 1900, there arrived at Vic
toria €092 Asiatics, nearly double as many
as during the three months preceding.
Contract Holders Deported.
tioned against repeating a word of the in
structions given them, or volunteering in
formation oi any kind in answer to in
quiries. .'
SENATOR GEORGE C. PERKINS
has been looking up the matter of
immigration, . and . particularly the
problems that present themselves
In tho immigration question on the Pacific
Coast. Ho has been in communication
with, the Commissioner General of Immi
gration at Washington and laid before
him the conditions at present existing on
this side of the continent, calling his at
tention especially to the mass meeting
that was held in Metropolitan Hail in
this city on May 7. He asked what was
being done to prevent the entrance into
this country' of laborers coming within
the prohibition of the law*. In reply he
received a long and . detailed statement
from the Commissioner General, which
'statement he immediately forwarded to
Ed Rosenberg, secretary of the Labor
Council of this city. The statement In
full is as follows:
Emigration Companies of Japan.
OFFICE O F COM S OSKR.G E NER A I.
WASHINGTON. May 17, 1900,
•••»«., r-onrep C Perkins,. United States
<=e"a?or Washington. D. C.-Dear Sir: I
hive yours of the 14th inst.. in which you
dfict n"y attention to the fact that "the
laboring People of the Pacific Ooast are
fast RrninK into a frame of mind similar
t« thnt of 1S7T-T5. when the aggressive
action began which resulted In the Chinese
exclusion bill": that "they are becoming
measures be taken," etc. I note that you
SSueit that I make mien reply as will
Jnow what the immigration bureau ii . "do-
In* to exclude contract and sen lie labor In
thl way of appointing Inspectors at A an-
C °Tne r emlKratlon from Japan of aped, In
firm or incapacitated is practically . pro
hibit <»j' owl&rto the fact, that, the Jap.
an"** Government requires that the wib
lertntJDlvinB f°r a passport shall provide
two "uretle" "that the applicant will not
become a public charge or fall .Into dts
treVa for the term of three years." To the
exigence of this law is, due no doubt, he
oreaniratlon of some -twelve, emigration
Sanlei each of which undertakes to
provMe the IntendlnK emigrant with the
two TfuVuos upon, which his passport will
be If sued. The files of this office will show
that the emigration company not only pro
vides the sureties but that the officers of
the company act In that capacity them
selves You will- observe that the Japanese
law 'Which was intended to restrict em l-
JTrStlon l.y--makln« It difficult for the In
tending emigrant to secure his passport,
called Into existence the em!i?ratti>n oom
r.anv, which provides passport and "urettes
as well. While there is no evidence In th a
bureau to fhow from what source the emi
gration company derives its revenue It is
reasonable to assume that It is not actuated
bv unselfish or philanthropic motives. The
emigrants are obliged to s?ll whatever prop
erty they may be possessed of or else their
relatives nnd friends go upon their bonds
to secure the company which procures their
passports. From the Gelbi Nichl Nlchl. a
leading dally paper published at Hiroshima.
Japan, I quote as follows:
Generally of an Ignorant Class.,
"The emigrants are generally of the
ignorant farming classes, and belnK Igno
rant of the way to obtain Government per
mission there were started a number of
emigration companies. The said companies
charged them very high prices for SBi-vices.
and when the emigrant arrived at n's
destination agents of these companies took
them to bad boarding-houses and charged
them very -high t prices..' and roosrt of all,
9ald agents would not secure them tne
'promised work." ' :
It would appear from the foreROlns: that
the emigration companies of Japan, acting
upon the advice of their agents In foreign
lands, stimulate emigration and do it
through advertising In their newspapers as
well as through their agents, who are In
many Instances the officers of the villages
and towns (I infer as much from the con
cluding words of th<? editorial which ap
peared In the same issue of the paper
above mentioned): after commenting on the
hardships imposed upon the emigrants by
the said companies the editorial concludes
with these words:
"The managers of such companies are, of
course, very bad, yet the . officers of the.
villages and towns who stand In with such
companies are to be more condemned."
Mr. Rice, ex-commissioner of immigration
at Vancouver, B." C. went to Japan In No
vember. 1S9S. under instructions from this
bureau to Investigate the causes of Jap
anese emigration, and while there secured
, much valuable Information on the subject.
From various sources he learned that the
emigration companies are officered by in
fluential and wealthy Japanese, who en
deavor to make it difficult for an intending
emigrant to procure a passport if he does
not do so through one or another of these
companies. It is claimed that by taking
the ordinary course it will require from
pIx to nine months to procure. a passport,
but through the instrumentality of an emi
gration company it may be procured in
from two days to two weeks.
City Officials Solicit Patronage.
Mr. Rice reports that the emigration com
panies do not employ traveling agenvs, but
rely upon the officials of cities, and towns
to solicit patronage, "examine candidates
and Instruct them as to necessary prepara
tions and correct fees." They also, "ad
vertise in local papers. Bend out- circulars
and use bulletins which are written In large
characters so that all may read."' . ¦
Mr. Uice had an Interview . with a .Mr.
Totsumoto, manager of the Nippon Japan
Imln Kaisha. one of the leading emigration
companies of Kobe, who reluctantly said:
"We have no blanks. When emigrants
ar» wanted we send out agents and collect,
them. The emigrant business Is a small
part of our business. • We send no emigrants
to th* United States or Canada. Ves, the
steamship companies do allow commissions
or discounts on their rates. The amount
of this discount depends upon the number
of emigrants offered. . We have no agents
in the United States or Canada." ¦';
From the official Gazette, a publication
Issued by the Imperial Government, Mr.
lilce copied the following, which would in
dicate that -Mr. Yotsumato's memory was
a "On March 13 permission has been given
from the Department of State for Foreign
Affairs to Mr. Hachltaro Hamnnka, man
ager of Japan Emigration Company, that
Mr Masataro Mito shall act as his agent
In 'the neighborhood of Victoria, British
Canada. The address of Japan Emigration
Company, 85 Sakalmachi Nichome, Kobe,
Japan."
Free and Contract Emigrants. 1
The emigration company herein referred
to is'the one for which Mr. Yotsumoto acts
as manager. Japanese emigrants" are of two
kinds— free and contiact. The contract emi
grants, according to a statement made to
Mr R'ce by an American, who has resided
fo-" several years In Japan, but for pru
dential reasons does not care to have his
name made public, are bound to the emigra
tion company for a period of three years,
and while we have not beer, able to procure
such evidence as would prove the existence
of a contract with a person, firm or corpo
ration in the United States, every circum
stance attending the coming of large num
bers of Japanese points to the fact that
agents of these companies, in the United
States are actively engaged in securing em
ployment in advance of the coming of Japa
nese emlsrants. The gentleman whp vol
unteers the Information to Mr. Rice paid:
"Both free and contract, emigrants are
alike soliclK-d and induced to go. The free,
however, are much less in number than the
others. The • companies have agents In
Canada, America, Hawaii and Australia.
The' acent abroad rets orders from con
tractors and sends them to the companies
in Japan. The contract laborers to Canada
aro rreater in number than in the United
States, the latter being few. The contract
to Canada Is for three years. Free eml- ¦
grants to Canada do not know beforehand'
the character of their work nor the amount
of their wages.. It^ls difficult to find contract
laborers coins to- Canada or America. The
emigrants are loth to answer questions
• aboout their Bolmr. etc."
Go F*rth Blindly.
You will obseifve that those going to
Canada are not Informed, previous to their
departure from .Japan, of the character of
work to be performed, or wages to be paid
to them, and the fact that- they were loth
to answer questions as to their probable
destination wouln indicate that the Inten
tion was to ev»<Je our alien contract labor
laws by crossing, over to the United States
' after landing In British Columbia. This
gentleman Informed Mr. Rice that he was l
an eye-witness to a meeting held in a pub
lic place between an official of an emigra
tion company and a number of Japanese
laborers, who had been assembled prior to
thalr * derarture.' , and he beard them cau-
Sarcastically Refers to Opinions and Advice of
Presidents Jordan" and Wheeler on Edu
cational Methods and Matters.
Denounces Policy of Slaughter in
Philippines at St, Mary's
Commencement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. May 25.
"ipNEV. PETER C. YORKE was the
\^J) guest Of the evening at the gradu
< i£\v ating exercises of St. Mary's Col-
N ~ lege to-nisbt. At the close of the
school exercises he delivered an address
to the graduates, in which he made sar
castic rereronoe to President David Starr
Jordan's recent address upon small col
lopes, referred to the fact that Benjamin
Ide Wheeler was an ordained minister.
made several remarks upon recent moves
by the presidents of the two big univer
sities and added something about liberty
in the United States, which she was ex
emplifying: in her for^'.prn possessions. The
iaCdrcFs v.as full of striking statements.
The- Macdonough Theater, in which the I
< xcrcises wore hold, was crowded to the |
doors, and the exercises wore very inter
esting. After the presentation of the med
als and decrees tho Rev. Father Yorke
was Introduced to the audience. He said
In part:
"It gives me great pleasure to address
thpfe who have be-on for s<> many years
under the instructions of the eood Chris
tian Brothers of Pt. Mary's College, and
I hope th.it I may be able to give you
tome good advice. Good advice is cheap.
ar.d I suppose that is why it is so freely
given. The essays r^ad this evening have
treated on many subjects, but in not one
was there recognizable the cant and hy
pocrisy that characterize the age we live
In.
An Age of Hypocrisy.
"To-day we are In th« twentieth century
where Europe wa9 In the seventeenth.
It Is surely an age of hypocrisy. We
stand up before the world and talk of
liberty and freedom and the stars and
Ftrlpes and all that they represent, while
at tho same time we murder and rob
those whom we have come to set free—
rob them as they never were robbed
by those we were pleased to call their
oppressors.
"In the name of humanity we shoot
down men whose only crime is that they
are defending their homes and native
land. Because we are manacled with
chains of pold we look upon the greatest
crime the world has ever seen without
an effort to prevent the terrible slaughter
that is going on. We worship the spirit
called liberty, but it is only what we make
it ourselves. A fetid corpse is patriotism
and her hand when gxasped has a clammy
feeling.
"It is a good thing that the admiration
cf the old virtues is not extinct. Better
liberty in poverty than the world when
you have to fall down and worship the.
spirit of gold.
'•This is the season when the public
school teachers meef^n institute and at
tempt to tell the world how to run Its own
affairs This is the season when the col
lr-ee president is running at large, w e
are told of the defects of the present
school system and of how the small col
le Sp£id&? David Starr Jordan tells us
how the education of the future must be
'rom the great colleges and not from tne
fnall colU ; ses. He would make the great
private college at Palo Alto the same in
'titution in education as the fctandard Oil
Company is in business. L«»t us remember
that education is not a matter for the
State What is one mans business is not
that of his neighbor. The education of the
children is with the parents and the
• bllcation with the parents. It is neces
narv to keep the school close to the people.
Some of our learned public educators are
of the opinion that the principal danger of
civilization is from the interference of the
politician in the public schools. The cry
of 'Take the public schools out of the
hands of the politicians' is dishonest. It
simply means 'Take it away from this ele
ment "and bestow it upon those who fa
vor us.
Presumption of College Presidents.
"The presidents of the two great educa
tional institutions, the University of Cali
fornia and that great private plax-e of
learr.ir.p to the couth, the Iceland btanrord
jr. . u*ii%-crsity. iJ«v« declared, that tae
pupils of our schools should be taught
j. >*•!>• by graduates from their universities.
Why should this be so? The schools were
built for the pupil and not for the teacher.
The San Francisco School Board has sug
gested a new system by which it claims
only the trulv good may be realized, and
in order that their scheme may be carried
out get Presidents Jordan and Wheeler to
rrepare plans by which the teachers of
the future are to be chosen. The teachers
cf schools should be selected by the rep
resentatives of their own districts, and
not by men who are called from afar.
"It is high time for the public schools
to co out of business when they put a
monopoly upon education and the sole
mpplic-rs of the teachers in this State are
the two great universities.
"The rireeident of Berkeley is a clergy
man. Suppose a priest was appointed to
any T>osition in the university, a howl
¦vm'uld go up that would shake your heels.
There is only one way, and that is for
Catholics to have their own schools and
colleges. President Jordan of Stanford
tays: 'Give a ten-dollar boy a hundred
doiiar education and it won't make him
a better man.' Give a ten-cent professor
a SUMO khIhtv and it will not make him
worth a b'.t more.
Insult to Catholic Schools.
"I criticize these new departures in pub
lic education. It is an insult to our Cath
olic schools and colleges, the careful in
structors of which you see before you
here to-nipht. Are incn or women to
have no chr.nce for th*»;r daily bread un
less they have praduated from one of two
preat univerF'ties? The condemnation of
the. small college by the presidents of
California's great universities has no
foundation whatever, ihc small colleges
are the m^st potent forces in our educa
tional faciltk'S. They hnve been known to
make some of the brisrhte?t mert of our
American history. £t. Mary's College has
FATHER YORKE SAYS THIS
IS AN AGE OF HYPOCRISY
Outline of the Situation as It Affects This Coast
Sent to the Trades Council of
San Francisco.
He Has Received a Statement
From the immigration
Commissioner.
PERKINS IS AFTER
JAP IMMIGRANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
Physicians in Attendance State He Cannot
Recover and End Is But a Question
Incurable Malady Attacks Mana
ger of San Francisco
Breweries.
CHARLES B. STONE
SICK UNTO DEATH
The Japanese coming across, he said,
are lured to America by the glowing ac
counts of their own countrymen, who are
sadly betraying them. He found hundreds
whose money had all gone when they
were landed and who were penniless and
in a deplorabie condition. Hundreds of
these destitute were to be shipped back
to Japan. The best remedy to stay the
influx. Mr. Konda said, was for Americans
not to employ the Japanese, for as long
as employment was given them they
would continue to come in. The steam
ship men were not to blame for the in
flux, he said, as had been reported. Th«
Japanese were misled and duped by their
own people residing on this side. They
Imagined that this coast was a place
where a fortune could be made in a brief
space, and rushed here like the Ameri
cans to Cape Nome. The Nippon Yusen
Kaisha Company will next year put on
two new large passenger vessels, he said.
Struck by a Bowlder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS OLIVOS. May 25.— Samuel Lyons,
a prominent citizen of this county, in tho
employ of the Alcatraz Asphalt Company
at the tiisquoc mines, was struck by a
detached boulder of asphalt which was
loosened from its bed on the upper slopes
by the heat of the sun. Lyons was
knocked about twenty feet and suffered
a serious fracture of the right leg -near
the hip. He is receiving every attention,
possible at the hands of the company.
Charles B. Stone, Whose Life Is Ebbing 1 .
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fMnfj lite rubpc.
There comes a time to most women
when they must face the future of wife-
hood and motherhood. What that future
has in store for them depends largely
upon themselves. To a healthy woman
t | _ M the obligations
'i-:k-- : i:^^-.- :^^\ ant l consequences
[^•¦^r-^'K^^^i'^H-!:^- of marriage are a
:'-l!:^:J:.'^r i; ::;^pjg^^: lasting happiness.
_'- •'¦ ,' |i ]&&&$ T° a WOCian SU f"
¦^K-f^tpS J^fft fering from irreg-
£':-" ; l-: : -:'2->s!s -ft"*]? *'¦ Or °ther
-'¦ : -Z : -''M%£Wki£jGri'' : ailments of the
: ji}^ sex, marriage may
; ii^r^**^\ ANS*^-' P rove a niockery
*/t>f£\ N\\aI^& an( * motherhood
Hf i^Pr** a misery. Where
I a^ »' <»£^^nH? s 1100 irregularity
/b l^i^RV exists Dr * pierc ? >s
aVfi$|yV\v\\ F flvorit e Prescrip-
•*£(£i ©W\ \\>\ S, ticn can be used
•^1 \T<\\ V w^ th tbe assurance
— \ Yi\ ' that health win
i;H;A l : speedily be re-
j^% \ stored. It is the
: f \ : most reliable med-
• *\M \\ \ icine known to
;; medical science
'•- *\PA\\\\ ' for the cure of
" ; :V\. V \\\\\\\\ '.: diseases which af-
Y V \\J| ;i: feet the delicate
:^ ; : J\ \ \ W. ¦}¦ womanly organs.
* " ' : ¦'¦ — • » lJI «Favorite Pre-
scription " is a non-alcoholic medicine
and is also free from opium cocaine and
other narcotics. 'L'i~.
"At an early stajre of married life," writes Sirs.
Flora Arn. of Dallas. Jackson Co., Mo., "I was
greatly bothered with painful periods, also a.
troublesome drain which rendered me very weak
and unfit for work of anv kind. I became so
thin there was nothing left of me but skin and
bone. My husband became alarraed and rot
we a bottle of \ Favorite Prescription.'" Alter
lie saw the ¦wonderful effects of that one he got
me two more, and after I used those up there
was no more pain, aud I be«m to pain m flesh
very rspidly. I owe all praise to Dr. Pierce and
his wonderful curative iaeduiq.es."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay cost of mail-
ing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for
book in paper covers, or 31 stamps in
cloth to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Often /)4f^©i
2 Why they feel tired, why the appetite fa poor, why the head aches. n
why they have the "blues," nervousness, costiveness, skin eruptions rag
and stomach derangement. Not only do these distressing symptoms H
interfere with the present life, but they lead to chronic diseases, and Eg
your future life will be Intense suffering if death does not 'overcome £5*
Impure Blood Is the Cause |
WTien your blood is In a disordered condition you are more subject -g
to disease. "Purify your blood and prevent disease. There is no rem- £*}
' edy that acts so quickly on the blood as ' Bs
ELECTROZON'E removes all Impurities, giving the blood richness, 3
purity and nourishing power. The result ls bj
A POSBTIVE CURE. |
In obstinate cases of Acute or Chronic Rheumatism, Kidney and hi
Bladder Ailments. Female Complaints. Stomach Troubles. Catarrh and fcj
all Blood Diseases ELECTROZONE has effected a permanent euro g!
when. all other remedies have failed. ' Cq
At Druggists*. Send for pamphlet to m
}l bottle. ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco. fjlECHOES OF THE DOG SHOW
There is -little likelihood that the pro
posed match between teams representing
the San Francisco and • Oakland golf
clubs, for a trophy offered by the direc
tors of the San Rafael Golf Club, will
take nlaee. When the offer was made
the San Francisco club at once accepted
it and undertook to make up a team of
any number of men from four to eight,
but the Oaklanders have continually post-
I poned the acceptance or definite rejection
of the proposal. The reasons assigned
are the absence of some of their best
players and the impossibility of getting
together a strong team. The match will
be abandoned, at any rate for the pres
ent.
Secretary R. H. Gaylord left San Fran
cisco for Nome City a few days ago, and
GOLF CLUB ORGANIZED.
Warden Fallon's Salary
The application of James J. FaJlon fora
writ of mandate 'to compel the Auditor
to approve his demand against the treas
on in° r iS£ Iary ns E" 1^ anrt War
den in 1S30 was submitted for deei<sir.ii
L?for d F^inn Uorn / y^ Ioreen «^ coun
sel for ballon, made the point that as his
client was appointed under a statt law
he was entitled to salarv for the entire
term, notwithstanding th« fact that he
Joe Hart, the versatile comedian, accom
panied by his wife and "Fleurette." the
Kraceful dancer, reached this city "Wednes
day niRht and are registered at the Pal
ace. They are to open at the Orph«»um on
Sunday. June 3. Mr. Hart and his beauti
ful wife will appear in a sketch which
promises great enjoyment to the theater
goers of this city. He has introduced a
number of new novelties that have scored
a decided hit in the East. Mrs. Hart will
wear some stunning Parisian gowns. She
is said to be the handsomest : dressed
woman In vaudeville. Mr. Hart explained
his early arrival to the fact that he need
ed rest and was desirous of enjoying the
hospitality of his brother, who is a resi
dent of Berkeley.
Comedian Hart Arrives.
Deputy Vogelsang had his hands full in
arresting M. J. Bateste and Davis' lees
were too short for a long race, so the
sprinting fell to Deputy Kercheval who'
pursued the fugitive "under full- head of
steam. Vincent was about to escape into
a house *when the deputy, in order to
frighten him,, fired a shot over the fish
erman's head. Vincent dropped as thouch
he had been hit and submitted to arrest
The two offenders were taken before Po
lice Judge Mogan later in the mornlns
where they pleaded guilty and were fined
$20 each. ¦ , _;¦¦.¦¦
Barly yesterday morning Deputies C. A.
Vogelsang. Davis and Kercheval repaired
to the locality and watched from a hid
ing place until the boats began to arrive.
After one of the boats was tied to. the
wharf and partly unloaded the", deputies
made a rush and found that nearly all of
the cargo was bas? of unlawful size.. A
Vincent. 1 one of the .fishermen, attempted
to escape and made a run for the end of
the wharf. "- - .
Fish Commission Deputies Create Ex
citement Early in the Morning '
Near JFishermen's Wharf. • !
There was^a lively time for a fewmirt
¦ utes yesterday morning at fishermen's
wharf in which a pistol shot and a foot
race cut no little figure. For some i time
tha Fish Commissioners have been aware
that bay fishermen have been landing un
dersized striped bass at that place, and
a number of efforts have been made to
catch them. The location and length of.
the wharf made capture difficult, how
ever. * . . .• •
PISTOL PRACTICE
AFTER A FOOTRACE
On Monday afternoon there will be a
meeting of tne California Cricket Associ
ation in the office of R. B: Hogue for the
purpose of presenting to the California
Club the pennant won by them as the
champions of 1SD9.
To-morrow the Californias will . meet
the Alameda team, which will be made
up of R. B. Hogue, J. J. Moriarty, G. J.
Baugh, F. J. Croll, V. Seebeck, W. G.
Fortman, H. Ward Jr., F. A. Stahl, C. J.
Murphy. J. H, Saunders and H. Bird.
The, California eleven will be chosen from
the following: A. Dickenson, E. G. Slo
man, E. J. Loughtnan, W. .Reeves, J.
Guild. W.-Read. L. Schroeder. A. Willis,
C. Roberts, B. Bromfield, J. V. Bird and
C. Banner. . , \ ¦•:-.¦., ,-.¦¦/
In its first match of the season the Cal
ifornia Cricket Clnb was lucky, for, had
a few minutes more of play remained it
would almost certainly have been beaten.
Seven wickets were down for only .20
"runs in the first innings of the Califor
nlas and the whole side would have been
out for less than 40 runs (the score of the
Pacifies) had it not been for L. Schroeder
who made 26 not out. As the match waa
not played out it was decided on the first
innings, and so went to the California3
by a score cf 54 to 40.
ON THE CRICKET PITCH.
Fifty-yard dash, Juvenile*— J. Laird. P. Sun
herg. P. Lockwood, H. Forst. L. Hanlon O
«.7har!e«,-O. Rudomick, W. Rummers. F. Carroll'
W. Wollbeck. J. Johnson. C. Shillinir p"
Louie, G. Chllds, M. Cormody. Special 50-yard
race between F. A. Wolfe and R. Rid in" be«t
two oyt of three, for a valuable trophy' from
tho manasement Futro baths. Tub race— G
Wallace. R. Dahl, V. O'Brien, C. Augustus F
Kames. F. Taylor. L. Davis, L,. Smith. H Linl
coin. E. Wells. K. Klpp, L. Doud, L. Baudali;
F. Carroll. \V. McCormick. G. Kelber w Ja
cobs, P. Sunberg. Trick and fancy springboard
divinjt-U Haywards. P. Bogen. O. Misner L
2?£ ie ' F^ T ?. r . ry - l ' Hansboro. W. Harrinir k'
Riding. G. \\ ainwrlgrht. E. Epperson, T Gen
neti, C. Lundin. J. Hanton. E. McKenzfe.
The amateur swimmers and divers will
have an opportunity to distinguish them
selves to-morrow at Sutro Baths. The
entries for the various competitions fol
low: ::-: ::y
WILL DIVE AND SWIM.
. G. B. Hayward and J. J. Canavan vs. W. If.
Sleberst and P. Ryan: B. Barry and D. Regan
va. J. Kirby and T. Foley; B. R. Glldden and
J. Pearson vs. J. Peacock and C. W. Glidden:
n. Smith and T. Leach va. A. McVicker and J.
Condon: N. J. Prendergast and E.- Lynch vs.
K. McponouEh and D. J. Sheehan: G. McDon
ald and H. Racoullet.vs. P. McKinnon and L.
Carralne; E. Toy and R. Hausman vs. W. Ma
guiie and E. Curley; M. Dillon and P. Kelly
va. E. Maloney and P. Hutchinson: J. Harlow
and J. White vs M. J. Kligallon and J. Collins.
The customary games of ' handball at
Phil Ryan's court will be between the fol
lowing adherents of the old-fashioned
pastime:
HANDBALL MATCHES.
This ls the opening of the tennis tour
nament season and all the old players art.
lining up for the matches which may or
may not bring prizes. On the California
Club courts this afternoon George and
Robert N. Whitney will play off the first
class of the hantJlcap singles tournament
which was begun la?t Sunday. The win
ner of this match will be the winner ot
the tournament.
On Sunday afternoon there will be an
other handicap singles tournament ployed
at the California Club courts. The same
conditions and terms will hold in this
tournament as in the preceding one.
The great tournament of the month will
be held on Decoration day at the Califor
nia Club courts. It is to be open to all
players in the State, and a large number
of entries are expected. As the tourna
ment will be a championship singles every
player will be put upon his merit and the
matches should be of the best, especially
among the upper class players.
The second annual lawn tennis tourna
ment for the championship of Alameda
County,- gentlemen's singles, will be held
nt Centervllle Decoration day. Valuable
first and second prizes will be given. The
champion for' 1899. R. G. Hunt, will play
in the tournament, and the winner of the
final match will be declared the champion
for 1900. Preliminary matches will con
sist of two out of three advantage sets,
and the final match of three out of five
advantage sets.
The Whitneys and the Hardys have re
ceived no definite information as yet
about their proposed trip to Chicago and
are still in doubt whether or not they will
compete in the Middle West championship
tournament.
ACTIVITY ON THE COURTS.
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety held the third race of the season's
series last Sunday from Siskiyou, approx
imately 300 miles. There were sixty com
peting birds in the race. They were lib
erated at 5 a. m.. the weather being re
ported clear. The race resulted as fol
lows:
John FHmer's Rover A535 arrived at 12:43:30
p. m., distance 2S8 miles 672 yards, average
speed 1111 3-100 yards per minute.
The second bird in was H. C. Worth's A13 at
12:54:30 p. m., distance 194 miles 567 yards, aver
ape- speed 1093 79-100 yards per minute.
Third— J. narnen" A2494 arrived at 3:44:S0
p. m., distance 193 miles . 235 yards, . speed
806 45- ICO yards per minute. The birds of H.
Meyer, G. T. Marsh. G. N. Marsh, W. Hartery
and J. Smith not reported.
On Decoration day the fourth race of
the series "will -be held, the 'birds being
liberated at Drains, Or., the 400-mile «ta
tlon of the homing society. In the threfj
races alreafly held the birds from the loft
of H. C. Worth have been close competi
tors in each finish, and in the coming 400
mile race the chances are about equal as
to the first arrival at Mr. AVorth's loft or
at J. Filmer's. Both lofta will fly their
best birds. J. Filmer's A 555 being a. strain
from birds having a record of 560 miles.
H. C. Worth's A 13 is a strain from birds
having a record of 572 miles in one day.
This bird was second in the 100-mile race
and also in the 200 and 300 mile races,
showing a speed of 1309 yards per minute
from Redding. In view of the- good rec
ords of both birds an interesting race is
expected when they meet in the race from
Oregon.
HOMING PIGEONS' FLIGHT.
Two victories in three games played last
week on the local diamond sent Sacra
mento further away from the other teams
of the league. Nearly 100 per cent sep
arates the capital city team from the
Stocktons, and that club tops Oakland
with almost the same advantage. San
Francisco, a surly tailenderi trails the
column some 300 per cent behind the
champions. , The standing ,of the teams. to
date is: , » i I k ¦ s. •.!¦¦» i'*i . ', ? i i
The cup of bitterness of TTncle Hank
Harris has been filled to the brim. With
a crippled team he had to face the eham
pions of the league in three straight
games, and managed to pull out just one
victory. The probability is that he would
not have secured that if it had not been
for the fact that one of the Sacramento
twirlers was indisposed and refused to do
a double turn in the box. Harris la intent
upon infusing new blood into his aggre
gation, and if he accomplishes all he con
templates there will probably be a decided
change for the better. | He has begun by
relegating Henry Krug to the bench, as
Henry has not been playing in his old
form. In fact, he has been playing in bad
form and has been a sore disappointment
to his old-time admirers. His place will
be filled by "Jimmy" Sullivan, who re
turned from Kansas City recently with n.
maimed hand. Sullivan played good ball
fpr Kansas City and has not been re
leased, but prefers to play in his native
city. He will be seen in the games this
week. He will go behind the bat, while
Schwartz will be sent to shortstop.
Schwartz has played in the infield in the
East and is confident' he will make a suc
cess in his new position. The youngster
has made a hit with the public and Man
ager Harris regards Mm as a valuable
player. ¦¦; He intends to improve, his team
still further,. but though there are players
on the market he does not wish to make
any haphazard selections. He says he
will n<^t J sfgri a player unless he is* quite
sure he is : a decided improvement on some
man whom ho is prepared .to release.
This* week- the Stocktons-, will make the
trip to .this city to play three games
against the locals. By taking two games
from' the Dudes last week the Stocktons
jumped -into second place and are only
two games- behind the leaders. On Dec
oration day a regular lengue game will be.
played at Recreation* Park by the Oak
lands and Frlscos, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. The line-up for to-day is as fol
lows: .
'San Francisco. Positions. Stockton.
Sullivan Catcher Pace
Fitzpatrlck Pitcher .TVhalen
l'abst First base Strelb
Rcilly yecoml base Babbitt
Peeples Third base Moore
Schwartz Short stot> Lockhead
Levy Irfft fleld Courtney
Hrockhoft Center field.. : . .McCarthy
Hildebrand Right field... ..Moirow
Harris Expeririients With the
Hope of Building Up the
Tail Enders.
LOCAL NINE
NOT YET IN
FIXED STATE
I dates on the schedules of the San Fran
! Cisco, Corinthian, Kncinal and California
| Yacht clubs, but several yachts cruised
! up to Paradise Cove and dropped anchor
! there. Some of these sailed into Tlburon
j Cove during the afternoon to afford those
on board an opportunity to see the boat
races. Thi-s afternoon the San Franctscos
wlfl cruise, to McNeaxs Landing,, where
they will anchor for the night, returning
to-morrow. The Corinthian, California
and EncinaJ programmes have nothing
j KCt duwn ior to-aay and to-morrow.
On Decoration aay mere will bt> *two
annuct regattas— mat of the Corinthian
Yacht Ciuu over the regular cnannd
course and that of the California Yacht
Club over the club course from the
Aiamtda mole. 1'he Calitornia event is
the seventh annual class nag regatta.
Trce regatta committee of tne Corinthian
Yacht Crab, consisting of Commodore 11.
D. Hawks (chairman;, J. H. Hopps, Dr.
K. s. Kmmons and ex-Commodore W. A.
stringer, has adopted a slightly different
ciassmcation of tne yachts irom that fol
lowed in previous years. The fleet, will
i>e divided into fix classes, of which class
1 comprise* alt craft having a greater rac
ing- length than 3ij feet. Inls will include
the sloops Clara. Nixie, Speedwell, Mis
chief. Hover and Harpoon. Of these the
rloops Rover and Nixie are doubtiul etari
ert. and the Harpoon is for the tirst time,
owing to recent changes in her ballast,
included in the big cUss. Only working
sails wiil be used. In the 56-loot class,
comprising all yachts more than T-0 and
not exceeding 3t> feet ractlng length, are
the sloops Kmma, Freda, Queen, Kdna
and Neptune. In the 30-foot class are the
sloops Aeolus. Truant, Mignon, Amigo,
Presto. Halcyon and Sans Souci. Tne
racing in this class will he interesting, as
it includes several speedy boats, and the
Truant, in her new trim and rig, is more
or less an unknown quantity.
The yawls and schooners will be placed
in a special class, which will include the
schooner Wave and the yawls Arcturus
Naiad. Nereid and Spray. Only cruising'
sails will be used. Among the 23-footera
are the flagship May and the sloops Cupid,
Ceres, Phoenicia and Merope. The 20-foot
class includes all craft having a racing,
length of less than 20 feet. The yawl
Kittiwake and the sloops Venture and
Dart may start in this class.
The little yawl Kittiwake has recently
made a long and comprehensive tour of
the bay and the rivers and creeks con
nected therewith. Probably no boat so
small has previously visited so many
places in eo fchort a time on the bay. On
Saturday, May. 12. Frank Bartlett sailed
up in the sloop Queen to Vallejo. where
he joined Percy Burr and C. Dobie on the
yawl Kittiwake. A start was made on
Sunday morning. May 13. the wind being
light until Montezuma Slough was
reached. From Collinsville to Rio Vista
there was a stiff breeze, necessitating the
rigging of extra preventer backstays to
keep the stick in the little craft. Rio
Vista wa« left on the morning of the 14th
A fine trip was had through Steamboat
Slough and Courtland reached. The Sac
ramento River was high and a strong cur
rent ran, but Sacramento was made at
noon on the 15th. After spending a day
in the capital city a start was made at "8
in the morning of the 17th. Courtland be
ing reached at 12:40 p. m. Left Courtland
at 1:50 p. m. and made Walnut Grove at
.":SCi; passed through Georgiana Slough at
7:25 p. m. and the Mokelumne' River at
S:20 p. m. At 10:30 at night tied up at
Jersey Landing in the Sar. Joaquln River.
The party got under way at 9:30 on the
morr.irg of the ISth. made Black Diamond
at 11:35. entered Sulsun Slough at 2:30
p. m. and made fast at Sulstin wharf at
4:50 p. m. On Saturday. May 19. the mari
n*r«> drove out to Green Valley Falls .ind
visit<*d some fruit ranches. Left Suisun
at 7:30 on th<» 20th with a light wind and
reached Martinez at 3:30 p. m. At 5:50
p. m. got under way for Vallejo. and on
the 21st visited the navy yard and the re
eelvlng ship Independence. Reached
Napa Citv on the sume day. and spent a
little time ashore. On the 23d Napa City
was left at 8;S0 a. m.. and efter a hard
sail through a heavy sea in 8an Pablo
Bay Petaluma was safely reached at S-30
p. m. During the whol? trip the partv
slept on board, but cooked almost all their '
meals .i.shor,e. According to Frank Bart
lett'p letters to his friend W. Dixie, all
are badly sunburned, but have enjoyed
themselves immensely.
LaFt Saturday and Sunday were open
Corinthians and California
Yachtsmen Will Hold Deco
ration Day Regattas.
CRACK CRAFT
TO RACE FOR
CLASS FLAGS
A trio of imported greyhounds ax** en
tered to-day ax T'r.ion Coursing Park.
Rural Attist is drawn ssainst Palo Alto
r.r!d should receive a trial which will leave
no doubt as to h!s Epeed at the present
tim*. Lundin L'.nks meets J. Dean's
little Conn, by Connemara, while Golden
Nurprt Is drawn against . King's Eor
derer. In the tapling smke arc twenty
four groj hounds which have never start
ed. The majority are by noted sires, and
it is possible some new champion in em
bryo may make his first appearance.
Th? dogs in the chamr-lon rtake- which
will be run to-mormw afternoon are:
Luxor. SIsquoo. Theron; Master Clair
l'alo AUo. Kural Artist, Whitehead, Her
sch<Ts ¥ride. Flying Fox. Ireland, War
ehii» and Narcissus.
In the optn stake are Golden Nugget
Candflaria. Overture.' Metaiiic. w ila
Jrai«, Sir Pasna. Bowery iJoy. For
Glory, Forest <jueen. Apaaeninon, Ladv
Clare. Beauty tipot. Olua., Kid McCoy
L*rXir.gu>n, Hrutus, Thornhill. Blackett'e
Bohe, Plough Boy. I'ncle Fuller. - O K
Capitol. Sara. Hot Ha»te. St. Anthonv.
Olaplc. Wait-a-Iiit. Vuican. Shvloek Boy
Forest Kir.g, Rock l^'.and Kir.^ Crawford
Prairie, Cavalier, Lundin Link?. Rock
Island Bojr, Auckland, Forget, Carmen.
cita. I>otti(? M, Ulucstcne, McKir.ley.
: Coursing viii commence to-day upon
the arrival of th«- 11 a, m. train. A holi
day FtaJte will »>»• run en Decoration dav
i'his weeks card at Ingleside Park "is
made up of an open stake. The entries
include: loung America. MaJd of Bail
Golden Rule. Oliicago Boy, Kemu«! Be
rjicia Boy. Prince Hal. Morning (ilorv
I-irm Foe. B?ts=y Barrow. Mercy Mai-
Minerva, Hawker, lik-nzi. Romulus p«s
troniuss Terrona, Olympus. Terronite
Strand of Gold. Victor King. October
\\ oodeock. Miss Penman. Liiy of the
"West, FroFty Morn. Mayflower, Master
Lawrence. Go On and Challenger.
( The sport will commence to-day at
12:30 p. m.
Preparations are under way to publish
volume six of the American Stud Book
G. \V. Heintz. the official keeper of the
book, being nfsisu-d in the work bv the
California Coursing Committee. "This
years edition will tx- a most ambitious
effort as compared with former works on
the prime subject, being large and con
tair.ing a wealth of data which will in
tcrest all men in any way attached to
The Bpott. All greyhounds will be regis
tered under the names of their sires
hence the progeny at any dog may be
ten at a gjance.
One portion will be 'devoted to the ped
igroe;; of the score of dogs imported from
England, Inland nnd Australia during
the past year. The pedigrets of the old
< aiitornia Ftock. not previously regis
tered, will be collected for the first time
the intention being to show the color aei
and brooding of tvtry deg that has run
in public in this Stat«\
Statistics are being prepared regarding
the loaning feires and dams and also of
the most successful crosses. ¦ With ah
These features the volume should easily
be the most comprehensive over put),
llshr-d in America on the sport of th*
ka^hrmn. The officials m charge esnect
to have it ready for circulation in August.
M. J. \\ clch has received two Ken
tucky-bred greyhounds which are expect
ed to cut <4i"t«< a n^ur« when they have
rousded into form. Milldale. a seventy
two pound drp. is entered at Ingle side to
daj^. *1° ha 5 bPen tri ' d in Private and is
credited wi:h having made a B ocd show
ing. He is one of the largest dogs on the
coast. Lowe & Thompson s Prince Hal a
heventy-thrc-e-pounder, holding the palm
Mercy May, winner of the midweek
stake at Ingieside Park lart Tuesday, was
§urchKsr-d Mme weefe«= tlnre bv O'Shea i
rot hers from \\\ F. Hobbs for $30.- Sh* I
is 6 years old and was intended for breed
ing purposes. She was piven some train- :
ing and won herself out the first time she
ran.
Mrs. George Mac<Joupa!l of Butte Mon
tana, has been a frequent atlcndant at
the local coursing park? recently. Mrs
Macdcugall Ls an enthusiast on oonndnc
and o*ns a number of celebrated gr<?v
hounds. among them being Twister Her :
husband has promoted the pport in Mon.
tana for years under difficulties, as hares
are hard to pet and othor conditions are
against the sport.
Pafha Kennels' Sylvia has a fine litter
of nine p«PPics by Gold Hill. The latter
is»a brother of the. Curtis crack Ixixor
and much is «?x;>ected of the litter
Fiery Face, among the recent importa
tions from England, whelped five nun
pies U» Koyston last Saturday at Ala
meda.
The imported dog Fetter Free has b»en
mated with Curtis & Son's Cash and also
with D. Toland's Twilight. The latter is
a fu'.I fistcr to Skyrocket and is 11 years
old.
M. MeLeod's Royal Fan has been bred
to Pasha Kennels' imported dog Firm
Krlend.
J. I. O'Hrlcn has mated Good Times
with his dog Statcrman.
Will Thompson cf Ingleslde Park has I
received pome new dogs from Kansas of
which great things are expected whet
they become acclimated. The recent - im
portations of Russell; Allen & "Wilson are
also being wound up gradually for com
petition. When all tfiese new ones, are
in the running the bettors will be at their
wits' end to ;ilek the ultimate winners.
Golden Nugget, Lundin Links
and Royal Artist Start
To- Day.
ENGLISH DOGS
WILL COMPETE
AT UNION PARK
Olympic ladies' day in Belvedere cove
was in several respects a highly success
ful opening of the rowing season of 1900.
The weather was bright and warm, there
was little wind in the cove and the water
was consequently smooth. Ail those who
had entered started, and the event at
tracted a notably large crowd of specta
tors. The four-oared barge race brought
¦ out fl« crewj and was t a pretty and well
contested event, though tbiiAIameda crew
tind. rhe Alnme.ia* rowed sthe rapid ex
tremely shore Stroke which has become
characteristic of them. They got away
with a lead, led up to the turn and were
never pressed. They won, however, not
because tneir stroke is a good one but
because the crew was well together and
able through its excellent physical condi
tion to follow the heart-breaking pace set
fiv . Lewis. The shortness of the course
W m rt was ]!? rob abJy not more than one
mile 440 yards at the most, was in their
| favor. The. South Ends secured third
i Place. The Olympics, though athletic
I men in good bodily condition, were not
1 ™ rSm i?,.H' 1 n , d finished 1" fourth place.
The difficulties of racing were considera
ble in a cove where so many yachts and
arks lie at anchor, and even when the
yachts themselves were not In the way of
the oarsmen their moorings and pickups
were serious obstacles. The yacntsmen
showed themselves quite willing to pro
vide a clear course, but the officials in
charge devoted too little time and atten
tion to this all important matter. Then
nve barges required five marks to turn,
and though the regatta committee had
been specially warned of the strong cur
rent running near Belvedere Point and ad
vised to provide marks with sufficient
holding power to resist it, two out of the
nve marks drifted away. For five boats
to attempt to round three marks is to in
vite disaster, and as the Alameda barge
was rounding one of the buoys the Dol
phin barge came up to the same mark,
striking the Alameda boat full amidships.
Though rhe crew was not compelled to
retire from the race, considerable "injury
was done to the barge. The Dolphins
after the race protested on the ground
that the Alamedas had rounded their
stake, but the protest was not allowed.
The race between Stanley Adderlev of
the Tritons and George Baker of the Dol
phins was won easily by the latter. Ad
derlry was slow in starting and did not
steer a good course. After the turn his
steering was still more erratic, and Baker
won without extending himself. The ju
nior outrigger skin* race brought out five
competitors. Charles Wilson of the A'rle^s
though he pulls an uneven stroke his
right hand being much stronger than hN
left, won easily. He wandered over the
course so much that he ran great danger
of being fouled while in the water of, one
of his competitors. In the consolation
barge race between the Olympic crews
one and two the crew stroked by Alex W
Pape contrary to general expectations,
failed to win. Tape, though a good oars
man and hard worker, would do better
service in the waist of a barge than on
the stroke thwart. The whole affair was
quite interesting, and should prove to the
railroad companies that the oarsmen can
draw a crowd. "
The following have been nominated for
the various .offices of the Triton Swim
ming and Boating Club for the coming
year: For president. D. L. Everett- can
tain. Stanley Adderley; lieutenant' cap
tain. I. Citron; treasurer. \\\ e. Hctv
financial secretary, c. Cook: ' recording
secretary. George Blum; trustees D J a
OKeefe, John Peat and J. P. Hellbronn
Stanley Adderley would likV to mee{
George Baker sgain in outrigger skifT«
over a course with which both are equal"*
familiar and having no turn Guild nt
the Alamedas is also%ut with a cha lengl
to any. .of Ma competitors in the junior
outrigger skiff race. Possibly an arranee
rnent might be made for several ?unf oY
skiff men to meet at th* proposed Joint
regatta to be given next month by the
members of the Ariel and Pioneer rowing
a hand W the S ° Uth Ends " *» ?akf
Marks Drifted and Course Was
Impeded by Yachts and
Their Moorings.
OARSMEN TALK
OF LADIES' DAY
AT BELVEDERE
on the San Francisco Trap-shooting As
sociation grounds in competition for the
valuable silver trophy offered by Edward
Donohoe, a wealthy patron of the sport.
The shooting will be at twenty-five birds
on a handicap basis. The marks on which,
the competitors stand will be allotted by
a committed mad? up of Dr. S. E.
Knowles. M. C. Allen and J. J. Sweeney.
The handicap rise will be not less than
twenty-six yard* and not more than thir
ty-one yards, according to the conditions
under which the cup was offered.
A special tournament has been arranged
to bring together on one day the members
of the clubs which use the San Francisco
Trap-shooting Association grounds. Ingle
side. These include the Lincolns. Califor
nia Wing-shooting Club, Olympia Gua
Club ana San Francisco Gun CIud. Her
bert Kullman haa offered a silver cup to
be shot for at live birds and to become tht»
property of the winner on that day. It
will be on the "miss and out" plan. Tha
date selected is July L In addition to the
shoot there will be a bullshead breakfaat
and clambake as an additional ineentfve
toward a large attendance.
The directors of the Olympic Gun Club
have found it necessary to abandon their
deer and duck preserves. It was found
that the club could not provide all it3
members with this luxury for $2 a month.
It withdraw* ftpm thru pariicular field
now rather than make a complete failuro
some months hence. The directors de
cided that private individuals wl'h un
limited means coul'l do on a small scala
what the club could not possibly do for
its large membership. Preserves without
ducks were useless, and to attract duck*
meant the baiting of ponds and other ex
pensive improvements. A number of
members of the club are prepared to taka
over the preserves for their private shoot
ing and have organized a club for the pur
pose.
The Olympic men will smash bluerocka
at Ingleside to-morrow, while the San
Frjindsco Gun Club will shoot live b!r<1s.
The crack pigeon shots of the coast will
meet next Wednesday, Decoration day.
Live Birds the Targets and
Decoration Day the
Date.
DONOHOE CUP
FOR THE CRACK
TRAP SHOOTERS
will be away till the fall. Andrew Car
riffan has been added to the board of di
rectors and chosen secretary of the San
Francisco club. On Decoration day. on
the links at the Presidio, there will be a
tournament over thirty-six holes, medal
play, with handicap, in' which the two
men making the best net scores will re
ceive prizes. The new instructor, John
son, arrived last Sunday and expressed
himself as much pleased with the ap
pearance of^the links. He is from North
Berwick. Scotland, and is a friend of Da
vid Stephenson, who recently returned
home to Scotland. He is an expert club
maker, and about 25 years of age.
The Sausalito Golf Club was organized
last night and will hold its opening tour
nament on Decoration day. The com
mittee of arrangements submitted its rev
port and officers were chosen for the
coming year. The committee consisted of
A. Starr Keeler, A. T. Marvin and Colo
nel T. W. M. Draper.' A course has al
ready been laid out on the military res
ervation at Sausalito, near Fort Baker,
by permission j of General Shafter, The.
course is a nino-hole one, about HfiOO yards
longr. • The Club has no" lease of- the
ground and will not be permitted to put
up any buildings on f tl Tents will be
used as dressing rooms and clubroom.
In addition to the committee on arrange
ments already named Charles J. Foster,
C. T. Hamilton, E. S. Sheldon, Major C.
E. Kilbourne, A. B. Costigan and A. D.
Shepard have worked hard to form the
club.
R. D. Hume has bought from the Stock
dale kennels the pointer Two Spot, by
Sam's Bow. out of Fannette. Another
pointer has also changed hands, the cele
brated Ashhury having been purchased
by Mr. Aubert from Otto'Feudner. Among
the many fox terriers recently brought
from the East is Norfolk ,Vic. by Cham
pion t Norfolk-Veracity, out of Stardale
8unb*»xin... A-:R.-Guy ,of Seattle Is". the
purchaser, and as he is about to inaugu
rates large kennel this acquisition -may
be regarded as a good foundation. Vic's
blood lines being of royal quality.
Leon S. Greenebaum has presented his
bulldog Harry to his sister. Miss May
Greenebaum.
officiate at both. There is talk of holding
la-bench show at Tanforan Park during
I ihe autumn, but nothing has been den
| nitely decided as yet. The great stumb
ling block seems to be the difficulty of as
suring a successful financial outcome.
A. D. Pately has purchased from H. H.
White the fine young St. Bernard dog
California Eboracum, which took third
prize at the recent show in the open
class. Mr. White has resigned his mem
'bership In the St. Bernard Club and Mr.
Pately has been elected to the position or
vice president iri place of the former gen
tleman.
WELL-KNOWN FLIERS DRIVEN BY AMATEURS ON PARK SPEEDWAY.
THE members of Golden Gate Park Driving Association, who arc doing so much to develop road driving in this district, are just now
devoting all their energies to their annual race meeting: on Oakland track. This will be held on Decoration day, and as no fee is exacted
at the trate there is always a large attendance of appreciative spectators. The speedway has been comparatively deserted for some days
past the amateur drivers puttiap the finishing touches on their horses at the track over which they will race. The officials^ of the meeting
will be: Judges. James G. Chesley, E. D. Sachs and G. L, Swett; starter. T. J. Crowley: timers. Fred Vetter and L. E. Clausen; marshal.
I. B. Dalziel: assistant marshal, John Denny; classification committee, J. C. Ohlandt. Daniel Mizner and Frank G. O'Kane.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
whiclfThi 1 £ frl ? an o^en the tulip plant.
?«n*po&n. beMt " er^»y devour, is a
The Usual Trips
To El Campo to-morrow of the big steam
er f Ukiah. No overcrowding; no roughs
The only family picnic resort on the bay!
A movement has recently been started
by a number of society women of Wash
ington to establish an art exhibition mod
eled after , the Paris Salon.
Ordered a Dog's Execution.
James Carty, a plumber at 1304 Mont-
T^^r. 81 ! 6 * 1 - Was char Sed' yesterday in
viciouV rfnJ"^ 3 * COV t rt . wlth allowing a
mcious aog to be at larep Tho dne a
KEmWJ' blt , A ,f" Cn>2?£ ftlr*
nnd w ? a t£ ge '. res!<Iln 5 Rt 15 Alta street.
?n* shot rw Inslst *d on the animal be
kmi VhJ t.S? rty ex Prp«sed his willingness
SnV^SSSTng"^. 116 " 8 " 0 ' ° rder
The Native Sons of, the: Golden West
baseball tournament committee has ap
pointed a sub-committee, composed of.
L.: A. Colton. A. S. Groth. W. A. Deane
and G. G. Fraser. to formulate rules to
provern the tournament. The organization
is expected to be perfected shortly and
the tournament started early in June. It
Js expected that the parlors throughout
the State will be represented in the new
league. N •
Native Sons to Play Ball.
The directors of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club will close their office at 23S Mont
gomery street, at 5 p. m. to-day, not to
reopen it until the time approaches to
prepare for the fifth annual bench show.
All those prize winners who have not yet
received their checks or medals nre re
quested to call at the office of the club
to-day between 3:30 and 5 p. m. and re
ceive their winnings.
It is probable that Charles Mason will
be invited to judge the show to , be held
at ; Oakland at the end of August. The
show will be governed by the rules of the
American Kennel Club, and as it will be
followed closely by the Sacramento show
in September it is possible Mr. Mason will
4
SPORTS
CLUBS. * i '•" I
I Won;
<I.»sl. ; Pet.
Sacramento
Stockton
Oakland "...
ian Francisco
12
10
8
i «
1
1"
7 19 .631
8 . 1* .655
9 17 .470
12 J8. .3J3
CLUBS. * i '•" I
I Won;
<I.»sl. ; Pet.
Sacramento
Stockton
Oakland "...
ian Francisco
12
10
8
i «
1
1"
7 19 .631
8 . 1* .655
9 17 .470
12 J8. .3J3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 reliaeeWcdrT
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is tSe safest
and surest pile cure on the market, be-
cause it contains no mineral poisons nor
opium nor cocaine, but can be used with
absolute safety and certainty of cure.
Many physicians are now usins tha
Pyramid Pile Cure In place of surgical
operations, belnp painless, .convenient to
use, and the patient can attend to hl3
daily occupation while the cure is beir.sj
made, as it is used at night and no addi-
tional treatment is necessary.
Dr. Wharton says the Pyramid PileCura
will prove a blessing to mankind, when It
is remembered 'that heretofore a surgical
operation- was considered the only cure
with all its danger to life. Intense pain
and an expense of from ten to one hun-
dred dollars, to say nothing of the possi-
ble return of the trouble. The Pyramid,
Pile Cure costs but fifty cents at any drug
store and does the work quickly and
safely.
We Cure ihe Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lest Manhood.
Varicocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Rupture
Bladder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO..
gpedilists-Esttb'.ishid He»rly 20 Tttr»
73/ MARKET ST., S.^j
A visit OR- JORDAN'S s«atJ
JHOSEOH OF flMTOBY)
\ \Sf The Uiten Anatomical «"«¦»¦" lb « \
A 'f-Jfc World. Wesine-wr* <* * : » c<*tra«?U 9
*L $vVi$3 dns.«e|»Mtlwflyearea.''ytheolasst T
\ 1 (Safe C«J««rr?tfon frco *nd Jtri-tfy prWtte. \
A I jKPfi/ S " f '• «»»<»• portonaJiy «>r b» letter. A M
\ I ff "W ' T '*¦•"•• <Vraiuc»«iTC» i<:uaileItake »- \
A r I II » w "«= '<* 8°° k - s* H t^onarnv «f 4
"" II " MAnr.JAOKi MAtLEO ?EBS. i A f
2i li U. nhubla booh for tarn) X
9 DIS. JORDAN & CO.. HIM Market St. ft. F. ¥Commissioners Reappointed.
Special Dispatch to The Call. s
V SAN JOSE, May 25.— William H. Oster
man and ; Dr. F. L. Finlgan have been
reappointed Police and Eire Commission
ers bv Mayor Martin. The term of office
is for four years.
Eagles to Meet Here.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 25.-The next
grand session of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles will be held at San Francisco May
14. .1901.
STUDENTS IN FARCE.
Entertainment Given by the San Ra-
f ael High School "Well Patronized.
Special PUDatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 25.— The San Ra
fael Opera-house was well filled this even
ing to witness two farces given by the
students of the San Rafael High School.
Colonel Shakespeare had instructed the
students. The pupils who participated
are: Sadie. A. Wafer, Florence Blumen
thal, Kathleen Parlow, Professor Stephen
Shakespeare, A. C. Blumenthal. May
Chlsholm, Mamie Mclsaac, Laura Sartori,
George Day, Fred Crip, Leona Herzog,
Irving Magnes, P. Lafranchl. Miss C. G.
Jacobs, Ed j Day, R. S. Roy and Miss O.
Jacobs. •¦¦•¦¦¦¦ ' . , ., . ' .,..<¦
CHINESE ARRESTED
FOR INCENDIARISM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 23.— C. T. \V.
Piper's sawmill, on the north arm, was
burned last night. The loss is 120,000. This
afternoon a Chinaman named Hing Quonc
was arrested for Incendiarism, and other
Orientals were taken in charge to-night
It is alleged that in revenge for the dis
charge of all the Chinese and taking on
of white men last Wednesday the Ori
entals lired the building. The only tracks
traceable In the vicinity arc undoubtedly
those of the arrested Chinamen.
Engineers Elect Officers.
MILWAUKEE. May 25.— The Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers to-day
completed the election of officers In the
selection of J. C. Cousins of Norfolk, Va,,
as third grand engineer. Norfolk, Va.,
was chosen as the next convention city.
The convention will probably adjourn
Bine die early next week.
BOTH APPOINTEES PRESENT
CLAIMS TO SENATORSHIP
Congress as Yet Has Taken No Defi
• nits Action in Relation to Mon
tana's Senatorial Muddle.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Senator Car
ter of Montana to-day presented the cer
tificate of Governor Smith appointing
Hon. Martin Maginnls Senator to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation
of Senator Clark, and to which position
Mr. Clark also had been appointed by
Lieutenant Governor Spriggs in the ab
sence of the Governor. The- certificate
was in practically the same words as
Acting Governor Sprlggs' certificate ap
pointing Mr. Clark to succeed himself.
In accordance with a request made by
Senator Carter, the certificate was laid
upon the table. As soon as this dispo
sition was had of it Senator Chandler
presented a resolution providing for the
reference of the credentials of the rival
Senatorial claimants to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections. This resolu
tion also was laid on the table, the under-
ROOKERIES BURNED.
Dsstroyed.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
Half Block of Chinatown in San Jose
SAN JOSE. May 2.V— A half-block of
one-story brick buildings on Six th atree t .
Chinatown, were destroyed by tire at an
early hour this morning. The blaze broke
out in a number of wooden rookeries on
Seventh street, between Kearny and Du
pont. and spread to brick buildings on
either side.
The places destroyed consisted of opium
Joints, gambling dens, a barber shop and a
lodging-house. The occupants saved only
their personal effects. . The loss to the
Chinese will foot up- probably Jiono. The
structures were the property of John
Helnlen. who owns all of Chinatown. His
loss is $3000. Insurance covered the full
loss. The cause of the fire is unknown,
but it is supposed to have originated from
coals In a fireplace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, May 25.— The final session of
the California Grand Lodge, Knights of
Pythias, was held to-day, and the cele
bration, which is conceded by all who
have attended it to be one of the most no
table in the annals of California Pythi
anlsm, closed with a grand ball to-night.
The festivities, as well as the lodge work
of the week, have been well nigh contin
uous, and the Sir Knights and ladies go
to their respective homes to-morrow
rather tired but none the less pleased with
all that has been done for them by the
hospitable people of Salinas.
A few delegates went away to-day, but
by far the greater number stayed- over
to see the close of the week's festivities
The scene at Armory Hall to-night, wher*
the grand ball was held, was brilliant In
the extreme, the dress uniforms of the
Uniform Rank Knights and the elegant
gowns of the ladles combining to make
a very picturesque ensemble. Rawllng's
orchestra of this city furnished the
music for the dances.
The first business session of the day
was called to order at 8:30 o'clock and
continued until noon, the body convening
again in the afternoon. Tho work was
chiefly disposing of unfinished business
and the last net of Grand Chancellor
Arndt before retiring from the chair was
Installing the newly elected urand offi
cers. This ceremony was very Impres
sive and was full of meaning to the Py
thlans who .witnessed It.
ADJOURNMENT
OF THE PYTHIAN
CONVENTION
Grand Chancellor Arndt
Installs Its New
Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— The Grand
Jury, which has been in session In this
county at intervals for several months,
late this afternoon returned a report criti
cizing in several respects the conduct of;
county business and bringing formal ac
cusation against William Curtis, chair
man of the Board of Supervisors.
The accusation Is based on the action of
Chairman Curtis In personally proceeding
in the matter of having repairs made to a
bridge at Orangevale under what the
Grand Jury claims was the unwarranted
assumption that the repairs constituted an
emergency requiring immediate attention.
The Grand Jury finds that the condition
of emergency did not actually exist and
that the action should not have been
taken without a notice to contractors and
the award of the work to the lowest bid
der, In compliance with the county gov
ernment act. The District Attorney J*
directed to press the accusation In the
courts.
The city prison is declared to be unsafe
for further use. The report condemns the
practice of "floating'* the petty offenders
out of town by withholding Judgments of
conviction, to become a burden and terror
to the rural population.
Friends of Supervisor Curtis, who comes
from a country district, assert that the
other Supervisors who authorized his ac
tion In the bridge matter should have
been held by the Grand Jury equally re
sponsible with him If tho action were In
fact illegal. They also claim that Curtis
Is an usplrant for re-election and that the
Grand Jury contained three rival candi
dates from the same district.
Friends Are Indignant and Allege
That the Accusations Were
Made for Political Pur
poses by Eivals. 5
Grand Jury Criticizes Acts
of the Sacramento
Supervisors.
CLAIM CURTIS
ACTED WITHOUT
DUE AUTHORITY
Fire at Santa Ynez.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
LOS OLIVOS. May 23. — Green's restau
rant and a cottage adjoining were de
etroyed by fire at Santa Ynez last night.
Every business house on Main street has
been destroyed by fire during the last ten
icars. Cicendlarism Is Buepected. -
Mount Lowe Hallway Sold.
T.OS ANGEI.Ei5. May 25— The Mount
Lowe Railway was to-day sold by Valen
tine Peyton and associates to the Ix>s
Ar.g'Us Hallway Company and will be op
erated in connection with the local lines
nnd the Los Angeles and Pacific Railway,
ell three bHr.g r.ow under one ownership.
<l. P. Huntingdon is cne of the principal
owners.
Mrs. Bryan Fails to Get Possession
of Her Daughter.
Fr-^cia! Di«tr>atrh to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 23.— The Bryar.s are
occupying th* center of the stage again.
On the 17th Ube court i. c suc<3 an order di
recting S. A. tiryon to restore to his wife
the daughter he had kidnaped and se
creted. On tho i3<l, the order not .having
b^«-n ob<?vod. the court Issued a bench
warrant for Dryan. Hc5 arrived with the
child Thursday afternoon, and having
made pnvlovs arrnr.£fJnont for a hack
pot off the train on tho oppcslto side of
th«- depot and the hack was rapidly urlv
lr.g away wh'-n it w;is discovered.
Mrs. Iiryan 3tid .*< Criend followed in a
tuppry. Under Sheriff l?rown. who was on
a wh<-fl. soon overtook the hack, and
wh->n Hrynn toU3 him ho would not de
liver the child to the mother, put him un
der srrest. Tho hnokman took the child
to the house and the mother failed to get
possession of her. Bryan was subse
quently rcleasr-d on ball.
I>at<? last evening Bryan further compli
cated maters by fillr:/? a supplemental
crf.«s complaint, charging his wife with
Infidelity.
FIGHT FOB, A CHILD
6r*"'.al IMniatch to The Call.
FAIRHAVEJC. Wash.. May 25.— The
American Fisheries Company, incorporat
ed in Now Jersey with $&*),(*>) capital, will
begin the erection of a large plant for
the preserving and shipping of fresh
salmon ajid halibut to Eastern markets
as soon as a site is secured on Bell'ng
hpm L5ay. Koland Onffroy of Falrhaven,
who Just returned frosn "completing the
orgr. niratlon of the new company, is the
pr.*f Kicr.t. T. J. Gorman, president of the
.iJlue Mountain Company of Portland. Is
vie? p.-esiSent; Jinv-s S. Watson, presi
dent of tho Porter Brother* Company,
fruit dealers of San Francirco and Chi
cago, is treasurr-r: John Adanis. treasurer
of Porter Brothers. Is secretary, and
Krcnk C I>nts of Chicago is director.
The concern has purchased the cannery
end all the- fish traps at Greys Harbor,
Wash., the thr*e best traps on Puget
Sound, and mrai twelve more first
class locations besides other large prop
crt: not yrt made public. It will have
steamers with refrigerating equipments
running to the halibut banks and use re
frigerator cars to ship tho fresh product.
?
WILL SHIP FBESH FISH.
Plant to Be Erected in Washington
by American Fisheries Company.
the coir.plalnts at the hearing of arraign
ment. Charges of prejudice were made
against members of the Grand Jury be
cause Chairman Wilcox and other mem
l>ers of that body had contributed funds
to the prosecution of defendants for par
tldp-tion in the Palo Alto outrage.
Th<" entire Grand Jury was heard as
witness?! in the arraignment. The court
h'-'.d there wore rot valid reasons to show
prejudice. All three of the defendants
then «-m«-rr-<i plea* of not guilty. The trial
of Harris and Dyer was set for June 25
and that of Wong Fong for June 20. Dyer
and Harris an? out on bail, but the Chl
riese still remains in jail.
SAN JOSE. May 21— Justice Dyer of
Palo Alto. Deputy Constable Tom Harris
and "Wong Fong. charged with kidnaping
Kim Quey, the Chinese girl, at Palo Alto,
will have to stand trial in the Superior
Court. Judge Lorlgan to-day overruled
demurrers and motions for dismissal of
tteinurrers and Motions for Dismissal
of Cases Overruled by Judge
Liorig'an.
Fpecial Pispatch to The Call.
ALLEGED KIDNAPERS
MUST STAND TRIAL
Believed That the Wrecked Cruiser
Was Pillaged by the
Natives.
SEATTLE May 23.— During the last
voyage of the Ohurruca from Aparri. ac
cording to Manila Freedom, the steamer
touched at the island where the Charles
ton was wrecked. Several American civ
ilians went ashore. a:id In the houses of
natives found the searchlight of tho
cruiser and numerous other article?, in
cluding a ca^e of surgical instruments-,
the property of the Charleston's medical
officer. No arms were found, and the sup
position is tt-.at it any fell Into the hand?
cf the natives they were taken to the
main land, where the rebels might uso
them.
A Fhort time after the wreck an expedi
tion failed to 11 nd anything of the ship,
and tho was she had sunk in
deep water. The theory is advanced by
tho&e responsible for tho latest discovery
that the natives contrived to cut off the
masts of the cruiser below the point sub
iriorsed. thereby hiding the hull from the
Govi-rtiniHit and paving the work of sal
vage fur their own time. The hull of the
Charleston was barely submerged at low
tld<» and would be easily accessible. There
5s no doubt that the native? have been
bupy at work on her since last Septem
ber.
— ¦ ?
PROPERTY TAKEN FROM
THE CHARLESTON FOUND
METHODISTS
SELECT MANY
SECRETARIES
Choose Also Editors for the
Various Papers They
Publish.
cies to Charitable and Reli
gious Institutions.
General Conference Protests to Con
gress Against Taxation of Lega-
CHICAGO. May 25.— "With but four ex
ceptions the Methodist General Confer
ence to-day elected to serve during the
next quadrennial all the secretaries and
assistant secretaries of the church benev
olences and the editors of the various
official church papers, present officers be
ing in most instances re-elected. The ex
ceptions were one secretary of the Freed
men's Aid and Southern Education So
ciety, the assistant secretary of the Mis
sionary Society and editors of the Central
and Western Christian Advocates. Tho
conference also took up for final dispo
sition the report of the committee on the
state of the church In regard to the at
titude of the Methodist church on card
playing, theater-going and other prohib
ited amusements and the prospects appear
favorable for an exceedingly lively debate
on the subject to-morrow before It is
finally disposed of. The majority report
as presented by Governor Pattlson of
Pennsylvania favors the removal from
the penal code of the book of discipline of
the matter bearing on this subject and
placing it in the advisory. The minority
report favors no action. Many of the best
debaters of the great Methodist body have
announced their Intention of speaking on
the subject.
The committee on state of the church
recommended that no action be taken in
regard to the licensing of women as
preachers and this was approved by the
conference to-day.
A formal protest against the taxation
of legacies to charitable, educational and
religious institutions was made to Con
gress. The protest, which was introduced
by W. J. Welch of the Wyoming Confer
ence, characterizes such taxation as "con
trarv to public policy, and as practically
taxing directly the Institutions which do
most to aid the government and benefit
tjhe people, and is. in fact, taking money
dedicated to public uses."
The conference refused to reverse the
action of the Colorado Conference in tho
case of J. K. I'assmore. who was expelled
from the church and deposed from the
ministry, charged with making bitter at
tacks on ministers and bishops of the
church.
At the afternoon session the result of
th<> balloting for secretaries and assistant
secretaries of the church benevolent so
cieties and for the editors of the various
ofHcial church publications was an
nounced as follows:
Millenary Society— Dr. A. B. Leonard re
elect»-<j.
Church Extension Society— Dr. W. A. Spencer
re-elcctci; Vr. J. M. King-, elected assistant
secretary.
Freedmen's Society (two secretaries)— Dr. M.
C. M. Ma«on (colored), elected.
Baud of Education— Dr. \V. I<\ McDowell, re
electfd.
Sumlny-FChooI Union and Tract Society — Dr.
T. IJ. Neely. elected.
The result of the first ballot for editors
of the official church papers is as follows:
Methodist Review— Dr. \V. V. Kelley. re-
Chrlistian Advocate— Dr. J. M. Buckley, re
elected.
Western Christian Advocate— No choice on
first or second ballets.
Northwestern Christian Advocate— Dr. Arthur
Kdwards, re-elected.
Central Christian Advocate — No choice on first
or *econ<l ballots.
PittsburK Christian Advocate— Dr. C. W.
Smith, re-elected.
Southwestern Christian Advocate — Dr. I. P.
Ecott, re-elected.
Pacific Christian Advocate— Dr. A. N. Fisher,
re-elected.
Christliche Apologete-43r. A. J. Nast, re-
Haus'und HertJe— Dr. F. Munse, re-elected.
Kpworth Herald— Dr. J. F. Berry, re-elected. .
The committee ! on episcopacy fixed the
SUISITN. May 25.— After a lingering ill
ness G. W. Hall, a pioneer resident and
prominent farmer of this vicinity, an
swered the last summons to-day. De
ceased was a native. of Massachusetts. 68
years of age.
Death of G. W. Hall.
Holletsville. Tex., reports a cyclone last
night in the southern part of Lavaca
County, which did much damage to prop
erty. Many farms were swept clean. Tho
academy at Mossy Grove was destroyed
by the wind. No casualties are reported.
DALLAS. Tex., May 23.— A wind and
electrical storm Is reported to have oc
curred at Mineral Wells last night. Gen
eral property In the farming section suf
fered severely.
Winds Do Much. Damage.
Electrical Disturbances and High
STORMS IN TEXAS.
standing being that it will be called op
next Wednesday.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— The most impor
tant features of the afternoon session of
the Presbyterian General Assembly was
the bobbing up again of the Peoria over
ture, which was thought to have been
given a rest by adoption at the morning
session and the appointment of tho creed
revision committee. One of the Xew
York commissioners offered two amend
ments as substitutes to the sections of
the Peoria overture, which provide for
the. number of members of the standing
committees and the appointment of chair
men. The substitutes provide that an ad
ditional member shall be on each commit
tee and that the moderator shall appoint
the chairmen of the committees, j Ac
tion will bo taken on the amendments
before nnal adjournment of the assem
bly.
The greater part of the afternoon was
occupied by reports of committees. Dur
ing the discussion of the report from
the committee on temperance, Kev. Hugh
Lamont of the Presbytery of Puget
Bound offered an amendment protesting
against the existence by official permis
sion of liduor selling in the canteens of
the army of the United States.
This caused a heated debate. The com
mittee had announced that It had aimed
to draw up a temperate report and be
cause a canteen section was in the report
made by the committee last year no allu
sion was made to it in this year's report.
The standing committee rested on the
declaration that "while deploring the ex
istence and the evils of traffic in Intoxi
cating liquors in all parts of the United
States, we heartily commend the efforts
of the Government to suppress Intemper
ance, and urge that the Immoral traffic
be restrained and as rapidly as possible
be abolished by all legitimate means in
all places under the Jurisdiction of the
United States."
Dr. Laraont's amendment was adopted.
Moderator Dickey named the following
ministers and elders as members of the
creed revision committee:
Drs. Herrick Johnson of Illinois, S. O.
Nicholls of Missouri, D. W. Fisher of In
diana, George B. Stewart of New York.
William McKibben of Pennsylvania,
Samuel P. Sprecher of Ohio, Benjamin R.
Warileld of New Jersey and S. \V. Dana
and Elders D. R. Noyes of Minnesota, E.
W. Humphrey of Kentucky, W. R. Craft
of Pennsylvania, John Parsons of New
York Benjamin Harrison, former Presi
dent, of Indiana. Ellsha Fraser of Michi
gan and Justice John M. Harlan of Baltl
' Dr. Charles A. Dickey of Pennsylvania
was appointed chairman of the committee
by the assembly. -
Amendment to Temperance Commit
tee's Report Protesting Against
the Sale of Liquor at Army
Canteens Is Adopted.
WILL REVISE
THE CREED OF
PRESBYTERIANS
Committee for the Purpose
Is Named at General
Assembly.
episcopal residences to-night, assigned
the Bishops to the several fields and
adopted a report mildly censuring general
superintendents for soliciting funds Tor
particular Institutions at. the annual con
ferences over which they preside. The
session was protracted, lasting until near
ly midnight. The friends of. Bishop Hurat
and the American University fought hard
to have the report tablfd, but it was fin
ally adopted by a narrow margin.
Few changes were made In the location
of the episcopal residences and the Bish
ops assigned to them. Thoy are as fol
lows: Chicago, Bishop Merrill; Philadel
phia, Bishop Foss; Washington, Bishop
Hurst; Denver, Bishop Warren; Minne
apolis, Bishop Joyce; New York, Bishop
Andrews; Boston, Bishop Mallalleu; Zur
ich, Bishop Vincent; Cincinnati, Bishop
WaMen: Buffalo, Bishop Fowler; Shang
hai. Bishop Moore; San Francisco or Los
Angeles, Bishop Hamilton: Portland. Or..
Bishop Cranston; Detroit, Bishop Xiride;
Chattanooga, Bishop Goodsell: St. Louis,
Bishop Fitzgerald; Topcka, Bishop Me-
Cabe.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. May 25.— The con
ference cf Pacific Coast students,
which opened in this city to-night,
is the fifth annual gathering of col
lege men on the coast, and is one
cf the largest as well as most im
portant meetings yet held. Men are here
from all parts of the Pacific slope, all the
leading universities and colleges of Cali
fornia, Nevada, Oregon, Washington,
Idaho and Utah, representing a greater,
number of institutions than have ever be
fore sent delegates. The largest delega
tions come from Stanford, Berkeley, Po
mona College. In Southern California, and
the University of Nevada, Berkeley lead-
Ing all the rest, with thirty-one men in her
delegation.
During the past few years these sum
mer conferences of college men have
gained po high a place In the estimation
of students throughout the United States
that the student bodies of all the Insti
tutions of learning are growing more and
more to see their Importance as a means
of carrying forward the best phases of
lntereollesflato work. Every year larger
delegations are sent and more colleges are
represented in one of the four student
conferences held In the United States.
Normal schools are also falling Into the
work, and this year quite a number of
the more prominent ones will send dele-
new men' have been added to what the
students designate thu "faculty" of the
convention.
Conference athletics, which are to be of
considerably more Importance this year
than ever before, are in charge of a com
mittee of students made up of men who
arc leading athletes in their respective
colleges, and many of those who will con
tost in the field clay sports and tonn'.s.
bas3ball and footbnll'- tournaments are
well known upon intercollegiate fields,
hero and elsewhere. Some form of rec
reation is indulged in each afternoon, and
the students arc thus kept In condition
for the harder and more eerlous work of
tho morning and evening.
The delegates are housed In the Pacific
Improvement Company's cottages and
El Carmelo Hotel, and these quiet sur
roundings have, since the advent of so
many college men. suddenly awakened
into the busy, breezy life of a college
campus, rival college yells splitting the
air at Intervals, and the constant irre
pressible jollity of youth being every
where apparent. There are about three
hundred of them altogether, and when the
united lungs of the entire conference give
the conference yell—
Hoom-B-lark-a,
Boom-a-lark-.i.
Nick-a-hlgrh-aaa.
I'aclfle CoaBt Conference,
Y. M. C. A.
It sounds like a young tornado sweeping
through the town. The convention, which
is to continue for ten days, closing June
3 is under the direction of Chairman H.
XV Ro?e of Chicago and Vice Chairman
H. J. McCoy of San Francisco.
gates to the conferences of their re
spective sections.
The plan of procedure carried out nt
this Pacilic Coast conference Is to give
the morning hours, from 8 to 12. to busi
ness, lectures and addresses by prominent
professional men; the afternoons are oc
cupied with athletic sports of all kinds,
and the evenings are devoted to what the
students present denominate life work
conferences, that Is. informal gatherings.
In which the college man Is enabled to
{ elect the profosrior.. business or career
for which he believes himself most fitted
to be followed when he leaves college.
Men of note In all the various walkss of
ilfe address these Informal bodies of
young men. and by giving thorn the bene
fit of their own experience endeavor to
assist them in settling upon a career.
Amonc the •well-known Callfornians who
will addreps the conference at various
times arc Rlfcht Rev. William F. Nichols.
D. D.. Bishop of California; Rev. Dr.
George C. Adams of San Francisco, Dr.
E. S. Chapman of Oakland. Henry J. Mc-
Coy and \V. M. Parsons, both prominent
In Youne Men's Christian Association
work In San Francisco; Dr. II. C. Mlnton
of San Anselmo and President G. XV.
Wadsworth of Occidental College. Others
who will looturp are Gates M. Fisher of
Japan. F. "YV. Anderson' of Toronto. Can.;
George W. Leavltt of Purdue University,
Indiana; II. XV. Rose of Chicago, Interna
tional college secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association, nrd Stuart B.
Hanna of Walla Walla. Wnsh.
As the Rlze nnC Importance of the con
ference Increases from year to vear more
leaders nro needed In the various depart
ments of work, and this year a number of
Where the Conference of Students Is Being- Held.
jiiaoeu in me isoiid S5torie~wu!l of the smull
court ct the outer quadrangle, and by ap
propriate exercises given over to the col
lege's? heroes.
Aftor icmarks by Professor A. G. New
comer. Cecil M. Marrack "01 was Intro
duced and made the presentation speech.
In which the trials and dangers which the
soldier boys underwent during their eight
een mcr.tns" campaiKn in tr.vj fliilij-pnu.-d
were vividly portrayed.
Tl»e pla.te bears the na^nes of eighty
two soldiers, olghty of whom were honor
ably discharged from the service, while
two— Harry M. Boutelie and liaiph O.
Coates— were killed In action.
In the afternoon, from 3 till 6, President
and Mrs. Jordan received the seniors In
the parlors of Roble Hall, which were
beautifully decorated for the occasion.
Music was furnished by an orchestra of
ten pieces, while refreshments' were served
by members of the junior class.
Tills evening: the seniors were enter
tained by the Knciua Club at Its club
rooms.
Large Delegations Are Present From Leading Goast
Colleges and Unusual Interest Is Being ff
Taken in the Work. :
CONFERENCE OF STUDENTS
OPENS AT PACIFIC GROVE
I>r. and Mrs. Jordan Receive Mem
bers of Senior Class in Roble
Hall During tha After
noon.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 25.—
The commencement exorcises at Stanford
Unlver-lty have been formally opened.
The round of pleasure, whloh will last a
•week, was ushered In last night, when the
gl<»e and mandolin cIuds gave their fare
veil concert.
This morning the volunteer memorial
plate, the gift of the Associated Students
to the memory of th* Stanford men who
served In the late war, was dedicated.
The handsome bronze tablet, cast by stu
rtents in iho engineering departments, was
Volunteer Memorial Plate
Placed in Position and
Dedicated
COMMENCEMENT
WEEK USHERED
IN AT STAMFORD
Major Peyton C. March of the Thirty-
Third Infantry Is Leading the
Chass Across Very Moun
tainous Country.
MANILA, May 25.— Major Peyton C.
March, with a battalion of the Thirty
third Infantry, and Colonel Luther R.
Hare, with another part of the Thirty
third Regiment, report that while scouring
the country northeast of Bcngeur they
struck the trail cf a party oi Filipinos
traveling in the mountains- and believe
they are escorting' Aguinaldo.
Major March Is continuing the pursuit
across an exceedingly difficult country be
yond the -telegraph lines. •
SergcaritVBa'rry and. four privates of
Company B of the Twenty-seventh Regi
ment rescued the daughter of the Presi
dent of San Mateo from some Iadrones,
who had abducted her. Afterward twelve
Iadrones ambushed them, killing the ser
geant. Three of the privates stood ort the
band, while the other secured reinforce
ments. Seven ladronps were killed.
Lieutenant "W. P. Elliott of the cruiser
Now Orleans died recently at Cavite of
apoplexy resulting from sunstroke..
General Young's Report.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— The second
installment or General S. M. Ii. Young's
report upon his operations In the Philip
pines was made public at the War De
partment to-uay. It aeals with the pur
suit of Aguinaldo throughout Northern
Luzon, the release of the Spanish prison
ers in the hands of the Filipinos and the
recapture of Lieutenant Gumore ol the
Navy and his party.
On the 17th of November last General
Young wired General Otis from PosorruD
bio'to the effect that Agulnaldo was a fu
gitive, seeking escape to me mountains
or by sea, ana immediately set out In hot
pursuit. The chase was a close and ex
citing one and at times the Filipino chief
tain was dangerously mar capture. Agui
naldo and Tinio, alter being pursued re
lentlessly as far as Cangon, separated, the
former making for Lepunto by the moun
tain trail ana the latter going north to
defend tho pass in tho Tangadan Moun
tains. Major March was thereupon dis
patched with his battalion of the Thirty
third Volunteer Infantry to continue the
chase after Agulnaldo, while General
Young prepared to attack the Tangadan
Pass, which Tinio boasted would never be
taken by American troops. After a spirit
ed engagement. In which Colonels Hare.
Thirty-tnird Infantry, and Howse, Thirty
fourth Infantry, were conspicuous, able
and daring, Tinio's prediction was set at
naught and by nightfall on December 4
a clever detour by a Hanking party into
the mountains to gain the rear of the
enemy had Its effect and Tinio was again
in full retreat. Meanwhile Major March,
in pursuit of Aguinaldo, had met and
routed General Gregario del Pilar's forces
in the Tila Pass, General Pilar receiving
his death wound in this engagement.
Continuing as to the further pursuit and
final recapture of both American and
bpanish prisoners the report says:
Tlnlo used every device he was capable of
to mislead the troop9 and cover the trail of
the prisoners he had, who had been sent on
with & force of two officers and ISO men as
a special guard. At this Juncture Lieutenant
Hayes, of General Young's Btuff, received the
surrender of Major Xatividad. from whom
much valuable information was obtained.
Leaving Captain Rollls with eighty foot-sore
and shoeless men from the two commands to
guard the mouth of the canyon against the
forces of Tlnlo and Xatividad. those iron
nerved officers. Hare and Howse, who had
consolidated their forces of «-gually daring
men. pushed on with fierce determination to
overtake the prisoners and. their guard.
There Is sufficient evidence to show that
Tlnlo had jriven orders that prisoners falling
out from exhaustion should be bayoneted.
From time to time unmistakable evidence of
the presence of the prisoners was found along
the trail and acted as an additional incentive
to both officers and men to redouble their ef
forts to overtake their unfortunate country
men. About 4 p. m. on the 16th a signal from
the advance guard warned them that they were
In the presence of a possible enemy. A recon
noi&sance developed a party of insurgents, and
In the rush five of their number were killed
and ten taken prisoners. 'With this detachment
were McDonald, Fitzgerald and Farley. Ameri
can prisoners who were recaptured. Lieutenant
Gilmore had leit the place with the rest ot
the prisoners early that morning, but when
overtaken the following day. the 17th, had
been abandoned by hla guard, who had learned
ot the proximity of the pursuing forces.
On the 17th of December, General Concepclon
and staff, consisting of five officers and six
enlisted men. were captured by Major March.
On January 1 ARulnaldo's wife and sister, two
sisters of Colonel Leyba, wife of Colonel
Sltayer. the wife of Lieutenant Cristobal.
Colonel Sltayer. Lieutenant Colonel Paez, three
offlcera of lef-ser rank and ten or twelve ser
vants, all belonging to the retinue of Aguln
aldo, were sent in by March.
Then follows the first official mention
of the exploit of Second Lieutenant Mun
roe of the Fourth Cavalry, who while in
command of a small detachment tele
graphed -Into Bayombong that he was ap
proaching the town in large force and de
manding tho surrender of the place. The
ruse was successful and the vastly supe
rior forces of the enemy laid down their
arms. Continuing the report says:
Castncr's Long March.
Lieutenant Castner. with his detachment of
IxDwe's scouts, marched on Bayombong, where
lie found Second Lieutenant Munroe of the
Fourth Cavalry In command of a small de
tachment, negotiating for the surrender of the
place. Lieutenant Castner generously deferred
to Lieutenant Munroe and allowed him to re
ceive the surrender of General Canon, his
aids and the forces garrisoning the town. In
this connection It may be stated that the
march of Lieutenant Castner's detachment,
covering a period from November 10 to De
cember 21. la one of the most remarkable on
record, and It is probably the longest con
tinuous march made during the Insurrection. !
.Captain McCalla of the United States navy
received the surrender of General Tlrona and
the .Insurgent forces In the province of Caya- '
gan at Aparri.
On January 5 Lieutenant Gilmore and the
recaptured prisoners arrived at Vigan. At
San Icldro the first Spanish prisoners Joined the
column and from then on others at almost every
town through which tho troops passed. The
advance was so rapid that It was not possible
to make lists at all places, but It Is believed
that the total number of Spanish prisoners
released by the command was 4000.
In conclusion General Young extends
his thanks to the officers and men of the
navy for their cordial support and of the
troops of his command, and says:
They clung to the main purposes for which
the campaign was Inaugurated and pursued
the course laid out for them with a tenacity
of purpose and a physical endurance which
1 think, far exceeded the highest expectation
or belief of their country as they certainly
did that of thPlr general.
Belief Expressed That the
Rebel General's Trail
Has Been Pound;
AGUINALDO IS
ONCE AGAIN IN
FULL FLIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
5
I TH*: EMPOBITJU.
_f J»u
I To close out several small lots of Cigars, half price\
*or less, tc-day only: $
g950 Censrai Arthur, 2 for 25c Cigars -5 for Z5c\
g3750 La Felicidad, 2 for 25c Cigars _? for 25c*
J-1200 Rosa de Santa Clara, Clear Havana Cigars. ..5 for 25c x
$2000 Grand Republic Scintillas fO for I5c'%
$ S3?* As quantities are not large xve limit #
tf purchase to 50c to each customer. 5
% Men's $2O Imported Black Clay Worsted Suits— i
jjf Sacks or Cutaway Frock, balance of a retired manufacturer's stock:«
g tc-day only $13.90$
K If you want a b!ack suit as good as a merebmt tailor would mak*
£• you /or $ 55 or $40, see these. 5
$Boys' $5.00, $6.50 and $7.50 Vestee and Sailorl
v Suits, for age-? 3 to 10 year?, pretty cheviots tastefully tr'mmed.'*
tt newest styles, to-day only $3.95%
sfiflca's $4.00 Pants— Silk mixed cassimeres, in waist measure*?
$ 34 to 42 inches, balance of a special purchase, to-day only $2.29*%
% . . . - - _______ jj
' §5?&i*iM»45 Men'd B.ack Calf gg(Tb<tolfc<SZ We offer for this dwfr
|«)^IICI^ La Ca a nd Congress e»V3i&K& only 5000 volume, of «J
' t* <? "P . , 4—>^_ — — standard work? — V
\Kxpj£m B 6 m Shoes, new coin and dS%9Cm 20O choice!*
%" Yale tee* and tips, fV . ,. , t *** : ° s ' "Cndingj
§> ... ar , Mr J. t the beat books of DickensDnmas, Scott, -S
K fiT^ft Goodyear welt Cooper, Carey. L-aU. Muhlbaeh, Corel-S
¦ », jXf*/ I sewed ?ole?, a Ii and George E'.iot— books for young-J
jf f7°/ \ good value $3.00 an l old— fiction, poetry, essays and{[
& i\ ehoe ; Saturday juveniles— printed on good paper, large £
tf Jv'fiU^^ ftn! . „„_ „„•_ tT P e « P° od cIot - bindings, publishera'-g
*T /GfrJrJi " P P price 75 cents, To-day* n %
K y^^%C^ _!»__? 17 on/ y- - ••• 29 c*
K J\ _T' A , , . Bargain Table—Main Aisle. -5
| » C »>^^y ' First Aisle — c
! *L ' ' Right of Entrance. ~~ S
I K&MS*f& A lucky chance put FSSfoSidgj b it b o "|
£&l_fe_r 3&> us in possession of iPJ)_- # >*?£*« three- pleceS
S/P2V* ?. d0M r i?^,T B*Oti? <&&Cm fly or bait >|
f. £ M &• Cre?e Golf Shirts * rod , 10 f ee t5
& __£— tx and about 100 Neg- long, extra tip. nickel mounted, tie*
*f JterrS§!^ *' Keo r ° P ° guide3 and rilk wrapping, cork grasp, %
fc" yMSl/^5^ Shirt3 at about reel 3eat below the bani - Tn93 » rods «
* l'///ffli&ffl$$£\ haIf their nar ' are pnt n ? in a wood form « with cloth- 1 *
$ JiWf^ ketTaIll " Tt^ ba S- Ifyon need one for the coming '3
X Mm'^iiiWMWy^ 6 the most vacation, buy to-day, as this offer X
/ M^ vopuhTBrivameT will not be repeated. Com- — -» .«
£ "^mmmMM^ hirt nad8 - The p !ete ioT 66c*
K /#S*w''( l l'W 8tri P«» and B&Bf*VWf*Sch Solar Gm Lamp,*
IfilHffiwiW Chec ** P inks - B * M **jF m *lG -1900- model, all*
l^wllill^^S Lamps. ™S
&- ImJi ¦' , ! l .? wM?! §£ 7 steadily and fl jt
$B®MS*gS®M Lmon^C- S2.33 '«S^ $
KtoW&tSarHlLr** BourbonWhis- Second Floor^ .g
KWWMSSSSSym ky, for which Dg^nSff^ Special in'*;
* our recrular Br 8 4jr S S * 'fey ducements'%
S cut price is 8Dc bottle, to-d3y....65c a a for thin*.
I Main Floor-Rear. L&3S?QfaiB§ a d ? y £!$£
$$&6&B9*^ Good valne $ 3 -°° Devilod Hatn-l*, 8 'o7d tv^rJ-J
tiBVaZSBB *9 Hits, our line of where 5c per tin, to-day 3 C %
xtiU9*T&a* Mea ' 3 Fedora3 that Petted Chiokon— Van Camp'a J*
we sell every day at tins to-day _ „ lOc*.
&_£>47 Oifft $2:f9 ' the newest Saline Snowflako Crack-*
X&&3a&lU?m Fedori blocks in ors— regular price 14c lb., to-davl*
tl^ pear!, brown and „ IOg*
X cedar, on special sale to- SimSO Bar> Cakes— Freshly made rejr- %
* day only, each w W1^ uiariy 12c lb., to-day 8o*
jf Fourth Aisle— Right of Entrance. Grocery Section— Rear. """" •*
** j»
j^£3»£?_?. pfoP^ and $2. 50m -S
Ssk v r hl9 epe - cAL.POR.Nu-s t^^^S!SSrSS^^ m sn!!iss&^^ ss«s
_>' g
IT TAKES THE CAKE!
What docs? Why, our superb laun-
dry work, of course. Our establish'
ment is a smile factory, and the re-
sults of its workings are found all over
town. Our customers are all pleased
and happy, and as our work is always
good they never have reason to be
otherwise.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco 1004 Market Street,
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 4O9 12th Street.
For Cape Nome
Al STEAMER
NEWSBOY,
Sailing - - = Jnne 1st, 1900.
For Tickets and Freight Space
Apply to | • : Apply to
CHAS. CON KLIN & CO. J. O. McCAU, A CO..
667 Market Street. I £06 Market Street.
OR TO
WALTER SCAMMBLL,
413 California St.. Room 33.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
gieat Mexican remedy; Btves health iM
•tr«-st_ to a«xtt_t erf aaa. Deceit, ill MatImcNot only did he win fourteen, draw five and lose but one of these twenty
games, but at the close also remembered the details of every play and corrected
several mistakes which had been made In recording them.
NE of the moet extraordinary feats of memory ever known •was that of
0 Henry Nelson Pillsbury, recently the American champion chess player,
when he played twenty simultaneous games without seeing any of the
boards. One blindfold game Is far beyond the power of ninety-nine out of
a hundred chess players, but Mr. Plllsbury succeeded in the colossal task
of remembering for several hours the constantly changing positions of 6M
bits of wood.
MHfflGbUg °F MSMORU.
There you have it in a nutshell. Generosity for the
Boers, patriotism for Georgia and money for the rail
roads. What more can be expected of hospitality?
The Boer Commissioners should go to Atlanta, and
spy out the land. It is too late for 'possums and too
early for sweet potatoes, but rice birds are ripe and
watermelons are about due. They will find any
where from the Cherokee Ridge to the swampy isl
ands of the coast fruitful sites for the location of
happy homes, and old Oom Paul could not do better
than remove his mighty family there and teach his
great-grandchildren how to run for office.
Having thus explained the situation the Constitu
tion, with a glow of enthusiasm worthy of the gifted
Grady, says: "Here's a chance for Governor Nor
then and for the railroad companies of Georgia. Will
they send at once a delegation to Pretoria and make
known the claims of Georgia, that she offers them
freedom, liberty of conscience and land which will
yield to them every return for their labor? Send
upon this commission a couple of our sturdy Salz
burger citizens, who, standing eye to eye with their
brethren across the sea, can assure them of a welcome
which has some heart in it. The suggestion is one
which should be taken up by those who are inter
ested in the development of business resources. There
will be money in it for the railroads, as well as pa
triotism in it on the part of the State."
The offer was made originally, we believe, by an
immigration agent, but the Atlanta Constitution has
taken it up and extended it in the name of all Geor
gians. Our contemporary declares the Boers are of
the same kind of men "who in the^Salzburgers formed
one of the sturdiest and strongest strains of original
Georgia colonization," and that being now sur
rounded by forces "which doom them either to immi
gration or to subjugation to a race which has proved
their enemy from the first, thousands of them have
declared that rather than accept the alternative they
will pack up their household goods and seek 'new
homes under happier auspices."
SOUTHERN hospitality comes to the front with
an offer of homes and fortunes for the Boers.
From that section of the Union there has been
issued a cordial invitation to all the valiant men and
women of Dutch or Huguenot blood in South Africa
to come to the Southern States and find refuge from
British tyranny.
A WELCOME FOR THE BOERS.
A grand bazaar opened in London for the purpose
of raising money for the relief of British sufferers by
the war in South Africa netted $50,000 on the first
day: but in the meantime the relief fund for the
starving people of India languishes at a mark far
below what is needed. Evidently the spirit of war
relaxes the purse strings a good deal quicker than
humanity can do it.
Summing up the conditions and prospects of the
; famine districts the correspondent of the London
j Chronicle says: "Given fair season the Indian
i peasantry recover from the effects of famine with a
¦ rapidity little short of marvelous, but two conditions
will this year test their recuperative power to an un
usual degree. The first of these, a fact which cannot
be too often insisted upon, is the occurrence' of a sec
ond drought before the traces of the previous one
j had been eliminated; the second, the unprecedented
j mortality among the cattle. Millions of acres in
j Guzerat and Rajputana will lie fallow next season
j from the lack of means to plow the soil. On a san
[ guine estimate six years must elapse before the centra]
: The monetary loss caused by the drought is enor
! mous. The net cost to the Government, counting
! the diminution in the revenues and the increase in
j expenses for relief, has already exceeded $50,000,000.
] It is estimated the people have lost $75,000,000 on
! their food crops and $35,000,000 on their cotton crop.
j Even more serious, however, is the loss of cattle, for
I that means not only the loss of the value of the cattle
themselves, but a loss of ahility to plow and sow the
fields when the rains come. Millions of oxen have
perished, and in wide stretches of country it is said
upward of 00. per cent of the cattle have been swept
i out of existence.
It is to be noted, moreover, that the figures cited
do not give the full measure of the horror of the
situation. They show the extent but not the intensity
of the famine. The London Chronicle says: "The
great feature which distinguishes the present famine
from all which preceded it is not the unprecedented
area and number of people brought under its in
fluence, but the circumstance that it follows hot upon
the footsteps of a period of unequaled scarcity. This
has shaken the self-reliance of the peasantry, and
broken down the feeling of repugnance to accept Gov
ernment aid to an alarming extent. Formerly the
sturdy ryot. or Petty land-owner, regarded the relief
works with much the same kind of dislike that the
British poor entertain for the workhouse, but this
prejudice has given away under the severity of the
strain. Familiarity with famine has brought in its
train familiarity with the idea of state aid; the relief
works in some centers are crowded with a class of
landowners who have never previously sought aid."
THE FAMINE IN IND10.
WITH each successive report from India the
story of the great famine becomes more and
more appalling. It is by far the greatest calam
ity that has befallen that country since the beginning
of the century. In August, 1877. just before the
drought of that year broke up, the total area affected
was 250,000 square miles, with a population of 58,000,
000. The famine of ten years later, when at its
worst, blighted a district of 303,000 square miles,
with a population of 62,000,000. The drought
of this year is not expected to break before
August, and yet it has already affected a region
containing 445.000 square miles, containing a
population of 90,000,000. Lord George Hamilton
stated in Parliament last Thursday that slight showers
had fallen in some parts of the affected district, but
that nothing but the monsoons could benefit the
country, so parched is it at present. Thus the
suffering must increase rather than diminish for
some time to come, end it is impossible as yet to set
the bounds the calamity will reach.
I'.uena Vista Parlor. Native Daughters
of the Golden West, held services last
Thursday In memory of the eight members
ot the parlor who have entered eternal
rest since its organization. Mrs. Lucia
Neubarth, the president, delivered a
touching address. The members of the
parlor sang- a song appropriate to the oc
casion, Mrs. Genevieve Baker read a pa
per on memorial service, expressing In,
well chosen words the touching tiihuta
that Is paid by Native Daughters to those
¦who have been summoned, and Past Pres
ident Miss Mollie Long offered a prayer.
Buena Vista's Memorial.
Kaiser William's contribution to the relief fund
bazaar in London was characteristic. It consisted of
a large number of photographs of himself adorned
with his signature and a brief sentence in German
written with his own hand, j Such. a donation, cost the
thrifty Kaiser nothing, but at thesame time ad
vertised him to the British and brought in lots oi
money for the bazaar folks.
mere of San Jose Is at the Netherland;
John Marsh of San Francisco Is at tho
Savoy.
CAXITORNIANS IN NEW YOEK
NETV YORK, May 25.— Fred A. Whlt-
WASHINGTON, May 23.— H. M. Avery
of San Francisco of the Toyo Klsen
Kalsha Steamship Company Is at the
Raleigh.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
It is fair to assume the sentiments of the statesman
who ieads the Conservative party of his fellow coun
trymen are widely shared, and therefore if the Aus
tralians stand out against the Chamberlain plan they
will have a strong support among the Canadians. 1
Such being the feeling in the two colonies, it is clear
that imperial federation will have to wait.
Speaking for himself, he is quoted as saying: "So
far as my life and my opinion go I would never con
sent that England herself or any other country in the
world should ever be empowered to impose a dollar of
taxation on the people of Canada. We are a free coun
try and we have conceded to us the entire manage
ment of our own affairs. At the same tirrie. whenever
the interests of the British empire should be at stake
Canada would be found ready in the future, as she
bns been in the past, to do her duty without any com
pulsion whatever."
The Canadian protest comes from no less a per
son that Sir Charles Tupper. leader of the Canadian
Conservative?. In the course of a recent address on
the past, present and future of Canada Sir Charles
decbred the federation scheme would be of advantage
to neither Great Britain nor Canada. It is only a
question of time, he said, when Canada, Australia and
South Africa will contain a larger population than
Great Britain. When that day comes, if the federal
scheme be carried out. Great Britain will find herself
overruled on imperial issues by the representatives
of colonies lying far from Europe and but slightly
Efircted by conditions on that continent which might
menace every interest of Great Britain itself. Federa
tion under such circumstances would be injurious to
the mother country, z.tid in the meantime so long as
the British are strong enough to control the empire
the colonies would suffer by the federation.
Looking at the question from a Canadian point of
view. Sir Charles pointed out that in the existing
situation Canada's military and naval expenses, aug
mented as they have been by contributions to the
South African war. r.mount to about $46,000,000.
U'hile Scotland, with a smaller population than Can
.nda. has had to pay upward of $70,000,000, and he
expressed the belief that very few intelligent Cana
dians would be willing to change the present status of
Canada for that of Scotland in the empire.
The plan, it will be seen, affects Canada, India 'and
South Africa as well as Australia, and therefore the
statesmen of those colonies will have to be consulted
r.pon it. As the people of India have little or no
voice in the management of their affairs, the desires
of the Ministry will of course be acceded to in that
colony. South Africa at present is not in a situation
to act with much more independence than India. In
Canada, however, the sentiment of the people will
determine what the Government does, and already
there has arisen in that colony a voice of protest
against the Chamberlain scheme.
BY way of inducing the Australians to so amend
their federal constitution as to admit of appeals
from the Federal Court to the Privy Council
Secretary Chamberlain has promised on the part of
the imperial Government to admit Australia, Canada,
South Africa and India to representation in the
Council. Should his plan be accepted and carried out
the Privy Council would then constitute the nucleus
of a governing body lor the much discussed imperial
federation, and woul.i go a long way toward bring
irg about closer relaticns between Great Britain and
her colonies.
fl PROTEST PROM CANADA
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
PRIVATE CO RPO RATION— F. S.,
City. A private corporation is an asso
ciation of Individuals united for some
common purpose and permitted by law to
use a common name and to change Its
members without a dissolution of the as
sociation. In other words. If there is a
simple copartnership and one partner
wishes to draw out, there must be a dis
solution of that partnership. In a pri
vate corporation an Individual who holds
stock in it may dispose of It without dis
arranging the, affairs of the corporation.
COIN VALUES— F. A. C, City. A dol
lar of 1799 commands a premium of from
25 to 50 cents; If It is one of that date with
five stars facing to the right It commands
a premium of from $1 to $1 50. A half-dol
lar of 1815 commands a premium of from
75 cents to $2. There la no premium for
half-dollars of 1S13, 1S21. 18=6. 1S27 or 182S.
nor for a dollar of 1S41 or dime of 1823 and
1S25. A dime of 1S14 has a premium of 15
cents.
FUNERALS — Subscriber. Middletown.
Cal. The section of the California code
which exempts from payment of toll per
sons going to and from a funeral and
funeral processions is still In full force.
Under that law a tollgate keeper has no
right to demand toll. In regard to the
case cited In the letter of Inquiry, you
should lay the matter before the District
Attorney of the county.
FREIGHT OX DRYGOODS— H. C. M.
Bodega. Cal. The rate of freight on dry
goods from Chicago to San Francisco Is as
follows, per 100 pounds: Calicoes, $1 50*
blankets, $1 50; comforters, II 59; cotton
sheeting, $1 25; canvas, $1 90: drygoods not
otherwi.se specified. Jn cases *2 60. In bales
*3, released or in cases >2 60. All rates are
on less than carload shipments, In bales
released or In cases.
PREMIUM DIMES-G. City. Dimes
coined in the following years are the only
ones for which dealers offer premiums:
1TJK5, 1797, 179R, 1800, 1901. 1S02, 1303, 1S05, 1S07.
1809. 1811, 1822, 1828 with large date, 1846
and 1394 with the Jotter S.
PHOTOGRAPH T-C. City. One who
desires to become a first-class photog
rapher should apprentice himself to a
first-class photographer. ,
PARMA COLORED SATIN DRESS.
The dress represented is in Parma vio
let colored liberty satin, made entirely In
narrow pleats and cut horizontally by
bands of yellow guipure. The scarf Is of
black tulle and the hat of mauve straw,
with black feathers.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James A.
Alexander has been ordered to duty In the
Department of Matanzas and Santa Clara.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Mollneaux
Turner has been ordered home from
Sagua Barracks, Sagua la Grande, Cuba,
for annullment of contract.
Dr. M. R. Suarcz has been appointed
assistant superintendent of the Depart
ment cf Charities and Hospitals In the
division of Cuba.
First Lieutenant Robert M. Brooktleld
of the Eleventh Infantry, stationed at
Porto Rico, has been granted a leave of
absence of one month, with permission to
visit the United States and apply for an
extension.
Leave of absence for one month has
been granted to Acting Assistant Surgeon
M. E. Huphes, stationed in Porto Rico.
Second Lieutenant F. M, Jones of the
Signal Corps, U. S. V., has been ordered
to perform the duties of signal officer of
the Department of Porto Rico, acting
assistant quartermaster, acting commis
sary of subsistence and officer in charge
of telegraph lines, during the absence of
Major William A. Glassford. First Lieu
tenant F. K. Bamford of the Fifteenth
Infantry, after proceeding to New York
on the transport Crook in charge of pub
lic moneys, has orders to report to the
commanding general of the Department
of the East.
Second Lieutenant Fred Van S. Cham
berlain of the Second Infantry has been
detailed as collector of customs at the
port of Trinidad, Cuba, vice Captain John
Conklln of the Fifth Artillery, who will
be relieved at his own request. Captalr>
ConklSn, after being relieved, will have a
month's leave and will then join his bat
tery at Fort Hancock, N. J.
So much of the sentence of Second Lieu
tenant Arthur F. Cassels of the Seventh
Artillery as reduces him in rank has been
remitted by the President and he has been
restored to his old place in the line:' Ho
was court-martialed for being Intoxicated
while on duty with his platoon In Ma
nila. .
Leave of absence for one month and a
hnlf has been granted to First Lieutenant
Spencer Crosby of the Corps of Engineers.
An ordinary leave of absence for one
month, to take effect upon the expiration
of his present leave, has been granted to
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Jackson of the
Fifth Cavalry.
Major Theodore E. True, quartermaster,
has been ordered to proceed from Wash
ington to the Frederlcksburg National
Cemetery on business of the quartermas
ter's department.
Major Charles A. Williams of the Sev
enteenth Infantry upon the expiration of
his leave of absence will report to the
headquarters of the Department of Cali
fornia.
Captain John T. Thompson of the ord
nance department has been granted leave
of absence for two months and a half,
with permission to go beyond the sea. .
Captain Frank U. Robinson of the Sec
ond Cavalry has been granted a leave of
absence for two months, with permission
to go beyond the sea. His place on re
cruiting service in New York City will b*
taken by First Lieutenant Walter H.
Bean, commissary, Second Cavalry.
Captain George L. Baker of the Forty
first Infantry, having tendered his resig
nation, has been honorably discharged
from the service.
Captain Harry F. Jackson, acting judge
advocate (first lieutenant of the Second
Artillery), will be relieved as Judge advo
cate of the Department of Havana and
Plnar del Rio, to take efEect when Majoi
George M. Drum, judge advocate, U. S.
V., reports for that duty.
First Lieutenant Campbell E. Babcock
of the Seventh Infantry has been ordered
to proceed from San Francisco to take
station at Vancouver Barracks, where his
command, Company C of the Seventh, Is
located.
First Lieutenant John J. Haisch of the
Thirty-sixth Infantry, having tendered
his resignation, has been honorably dis
charged from the service.
Bids Opened for Sprinkling Streets.
Bids were opened yesterday by the
Board of Public 'Works for the sprinkling
of streets In various sections of the city.
Bids ranging from 26% cents to 50 cents
per each 1000 feet were submitted, but as
the sprinkling will not be done till the
next fiscal year, if at all, the board de
cided to postpone acceptance.
The enterprise displayed by the people of Kansas
City in this emergency is of a kind that our people
delight to honor. It is one of the chief factors in our
industrial and commercial successes. American
bridges were furnished to the British army in the
Soudan because the Americans contracted to get
them to the place where, they were wanted at the
time they were wanted, while British and other con
tractors would not undertake to do so. It is a little
curious that the Bryanite hosts when they meet to
denounce American manufacturers and capitalists and
to howl calamity will have in the hall itself an'evi
dence of the value of the things they condemn. If
they seek a monument of American prosperity they
have only to look around them.
The work has been carried on under serious ob
stacles, for the labor troubles and strikes in St. Louis
and Chicago have had more or less effect in Kansas
City, and it is said a number of agitators have tried
to induce the workingmen there to profit by the
emergency to strike for favors. Moreover, the high
est prices have had to be paid for all material used
ir. the construction of the new edifice. A recent re
port says: "The convention hall committee to se
cure the structural steel for the hall was forced to
pay about $30,000 more than it cost in the original
building, owing to the fact that the market was at the
highest notch just at the time the contract was made.
It has gone down considerably since then, but all
material was bought at the high figure. In addition
to this a bonus of $9000 had to be paid 'to the Car
negie Company to have the roof trusses ready in
time."
The expense of course has been great. At the time
the bid was made for the convention it was believed
$100,000 would cover all the expenses assumed by the
city, including the $50,000 guaranteed to the national
committee. It is now said to be evident, however,
that the city will have to stand an expense of $250,000
to have things in readiness in July, and, furthermore,
that sum includes only the direct outlay.
J /OANSAS CITY did not add anything to her pres
|\ tige or to the repute of her people for good
¦ sound sense when she and they pledged $50,000
to the Democratic National Convention in return tor
the honor and profits of entertaining it. Therefore,
when the hall in which it was intended the convention
should assemble burned down there was no particular
attention given to the subject outside of'the city her
self, except in Minneapolis, where a prompt offer was
made to take the convention off the hands of Kansas
City and thus save her people from embarrassment.
Just now, however, Kansas City is winning praise
from all parts of the Union, and deserving it, too, for
the vim and vigor with which her people have gone
to work to have a hall ready for the convention show
characteristics which we are fond of regarding a3
typically American, and which certainly are not
equaled by any other people on the globe.
To the offer of Minneapolis to take the convention
a prompt reply was sent that Kansas City had no con
ventions to spare. Before the flames which destroyed
the big hall died away amid the ashes money had
been subscribed to erect another and a better edifice
in its place. Plans were drawn for a structure de
signed especially for convention purposes, and it is
now said the Democratic gathering will be better
provided for than any other national assembly of the
kind in the history of the country.
KANSAS CITY ON HER METTLE.
©ire -1^111^5 QTidPL.
SATURDAY MAY 26, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!l Communica ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Mnrkrt nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main IS as.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 5tcTen«on St.
Telephone Main 1S74.
DeltTered by Carrier*. IS Cent- Per WeeU.
Single Copfen, 5 Cent".
Term* by Mall. Inrlndlne I'ontacei
DAILY CALL 'Including Sunday), on* year t < 00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3-00
DAILY CALL <!nc!udinr Sunday). S months I-o*>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «*•
BL"Nr>AT CALL One Yeer J
WEEKLY OALL One Year 1M
All poatmaatera are nnttinrlied to receive
¦ all script I on*.
Bmciple ecpie» wil! be forwarded wbca requc-sted.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Brondway
C GECHGE KRO3NES3.
Mene^er Fore ; gn Advertising, Varquette Building, Chicigo.
iLor.K Dl»t*noe Telephone "Central 2613.")
NETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEWS STAND8:
Eherm*n Houne; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Ikuk; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wal4orf-Attc.ru Hotel; A. Urentano. SI Union Square;
Murray 11! 11 Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C.I OFFlCt Wellington Hote
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRWrtl OFK!rE«-W Montgomery, corner of Cl»y. open
•jntli 9:30 o'clock. *M> IIsyeB. open until »:J0 o'clock. 633
McAllister. op**n until *:S0 o'clock. IIS Larkin. open until
$:J0 o'clock. 041 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen ur.iil S o'clock. 10P« Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 10« Btereath. open until 9 o'clock. N\V cor
ner Twenty-* »c<->n<l and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Southside citizens have emphatically protested
against the transformation of Columbia square into a
children's playground. The small boy individually is
fearfully and wonderfully made, but in numbers, in
one locality, he is competent to put an army to flight.
As The Call pointed out some time ago, the people
of the Eastern cities were prompt in taking steps to
assure a full count of the population of their com
munities, and we may be sure that hardly a single
name will be missed in. the count of those cities which
are our rivals for rank in the Union. It behooves our
people, therefore, to be equally vigilant and public
spirited in assisting the census officials to get a full
count in San Francisco. California is a holiday land,
and perhaps a larger proportion of the inhabitants of
this city go to the woods or seashore for vacation
than of any other community of similar size in the
Union. It is certain that a very large number of our
people will be out of town during the first two weeks
of June, and the danger of a much smaller showing
in the census than we are entitled to is consequently
imminent. The Census Bureau has provided a way
to guard against the danger, and it now rests with
the absentees themselves to follow the instructions
?nd assure the counting of their names.
It is to be hoped the request will be complied with
universally, and that not a single inhabitant of San
Francisco will be lost from the enumeration when
the count is complete. The matter is one of impor
tance to the community in many ways. In the first
place, since representation is based for ten years upon
the records of the census, the political prestige of the
city depends upon the accuracy of the count. In the
second place, since capitalists seek growing and vig
orous communities in which to invest capital, and
enterprising young men choose such places when
selecting a home for life, it is evident the prosperity
of the community will be largely dependent upon the
showing made by the census of growth during the
last decade.
"In all cases of contemplated absence the head of
the family is requested by the Census Oflke to com
municate with the Supervisor of the district in which
he lives. He is also requested to leave information
regarding his answers to the questions which are to
be asked with some responsible neighbor who will
agree to see that it reaches the enumerator on his
rounds. Such information might better be left as
a memorandum in writing, as in that case it is less
likely to be overlooked. The questions to which
answers are desired apply primarily to the population,
hut also to all farms and manufacturing establish
ments. They are being published from time to time
in the press of the country. By taking this trouble
the absent citizen will do justice to his locality and his
State, and materially aid the Census Office in the
performance of its duties."
The means by which absentees may assure the
counting of their names in the population of the city
«re thus set forth in the circular:
rROM the Census Bureau there has been issued
a circular directing attention to the fact th'at the
enumeration of the people is to be made during
the month of June, and that within the cities it is in
tended the count of population shall be made within
two weeks, beginning with the first of the month.
As the people are to be counted at their place of resi
dence, and as many city people leave home in June
for the summer vacation, there is danger a good many
may be overlooked. To guard against that the circu
lar has been issued, urging all persons who are going
away from home to take precautions to have their
names enrolled.
THE PEOPLE AND THE CENSUS
It is a much observed fact that man's
general speech Is colored particularly by
the profession or occupation in which he
Is engaged. The following la a conversa
tion which adds Its Instance of proof to
the general law:
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific, and G.
M. Richardson, master of transportation
of the rame beneficent family, meet on the
steps of the yellow building-.
McCormick (hand extended) — Hello.
Rich, how are you?
Richardson— Oh. pretty well. How are
you. Mac?
McCormick (still grasping) — Not so
good. My throat Is sore. Need a drink.
I guess. Not enough traffic for the road.
Richard3on— Reverse throttle, Mac. You
mean that there has been more traffic
than the road would bear.
Then there was a parting of the ways.
"Anyhow," said Belasco afterward. "I'll
have a nice feed in the morning for my
chickens."
McCopmlck Has a Sore Throat
A theater party at the Alcazar intro
duced a new wrinkle last night an.! hai
Doorkeeper Henry Belasco so bailiy rat
tled for a few minutes that some small
boys managed to slip past him before ha
could recover himself. There were about
twenty young folks in the party. They
arrived just when the crowd was thickest,
floating out of a bunch of hacks and
alighting upon Belasco like a cloud with
a deafening rustle of silk skirts ami daz
zling display of glistening white shirt
fronts. The leader of the party thrust
a biscuit into the outstretched hand of
the ticket-taker and brushed by him into
the theater. Before the astonished ticket
taker could recover from surprise suffi
ciently to speak he had a whole armful
of biscuits and buns.
"B— b— b— but where's the tickets?" ha
finally managed to stammer.
"Why, inside of the buns." was tha
laughing reply » of the last man a3 ho
slipped Into the door. And so it proved.
The crowd that had enjoyed the door
keeper's discomfiture had to stand out
side and wait until Belasco had r.roken
open all the buns and extracted from
them the tickets.
Tickets in a Bun.
E. T. Blackmor of San Diego Is at tho
California.
a! J. Pillsbury, the Tulare editor. 13 at
the Grand.
Rev. Horatio Stebbins will leave for tha
East June 13.
Dr. C. L. Guild of Palo Alto is registered
at the Occidental.
B. A. Tapscott. a mining man of Red
ding. Is at the Russ.
O. P. Widaman. an attorney of Lc3 An
geles, is at the Lick.
J. A. Johnson, an attorney of Crescent
City, is at the Grand.
Dr. G. A. Lung of the United State3
navy is at the California.
¦William Thomas, a well known rancher
of Chico. is at the Grand.
Rev. R. Neale. accompanied by h!3 wife,
is a guest at the Occidental.
Dr. F. W. Steddon and Dr. C 7. Kerns
of Los Angeles are at the Lick.
H. W. Ramsey. ,a mining man of
Phoenix, Is registered at the Russ.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may have as communications of e*neral Interest.
To the Honorable State Boarrl of Trade— Gentlemen: The attention of the un
dersigned was directed to an editorial In the San Francisco Call under date of May
14 or 15 in relation to unsurveyed lands In California. The article referred to Is
timely and a step In the right direction, and It asks that citizens who are cognizant
of facts relative to the subject make them known. We are deeply Interested In
the subject und beg to present the following? facts: i
. In the redwood belt In Mendoelno County there are seven and one-half sections
of land, all In township 13 north, range 16 west, that were surveyed a number of
years ago, but the survey was rejected. Immediately after the survey we, the un
dersigned, and a number of others located claims, built houses and In some in
stances set out orchards, built fences, made roads and other Improvements neces
sary for a permanent residence.
The survey being rejected, we were debarred from cutting timber, peeling bark
or engaging in any business on our places whereby we could earn a living, conse
quently could not keep our families thereon. We have complied with the require
ments of the law relative to claims, and have visited ours at least once a month
and remained one or two nights each time.
A short time ago we learned that a party named F. M. -Hyde of San Francisco
had plastered a scrip (obtained in exchange for-Mand in Nevada, which Congress
had converted Into a reservation of some kind) v upon our land, no notice of any
kind having bf en given that the land had been put on the market.
Another singular fact in* connection with filing or plastering the scrip on our
claims is that our cabins have been burned, fences destroyed and many of the Im
provements demolished. A few weeks ago six houses and cabins were burned
within a period of a few days. We have forwarded a petition to Hon. J. A. Bar
ham, member of Congress, at Washington, detailing the facts arrd asking hl3 ad
vice and assistance in dealing with this glaring fraud.
We are citizens and taxpayers of Mendocino County and can substantiate all
of the assertions made, and we will gladly furnish any and all details. Trusting
that you may do something toward assisting us and others in getting our legal
rights, we remain, yours very respectfully,
F. W. SLACK. . CH. B. KLAMBT,
J. M. BROWN, A. ANDRAE,
PHIL LOBREE, CROSBY CURETON.
W. R. GAINE, JOSEPH BISHOP.
San Francisco, May 25, 1900.
Mendocino Settlers Who Are Suffering Under the Land
Surveys Described by The Call.
CLAIM THEY HAVE BEEN
OUSTED FROM THEIR HOMES
provinces return to normal conditions; the Deccan
is in the same case; s in Guzerat and Rajputana the in
terval will be even longer."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
The delay of Roberts on the banks of the unford
able Rhenoster has given the Boers time to fortify
themselves and say their prayers, while the British
are singing "One more river to cross." -. .
The footpad and burglar who pleaded guilty the
other day had at least one saving grace. He was thor
oughly convinced of his own worthlessness and had
the sympathy of the public in his conviction.
Some of the Supervisors are of the opinion that if
the officers of the telephone company were arrcstd
every day for violating the local licence law the city
would still net get its dues. Somebody must have
been revealing that business principle of the monop
oly that it is better to be in jail and not pay your
debts rather than out of jail and be honest.
The failure of the big firm of Price, McCormick &
Co. in an effort to bull cotton beyond the point to
which the genera! prosperity of the country carried
it is another warning to the sanguine not to overdo
things. This is a bul! country and a bull year, but
all the same there ire limits beyond which a bull
cannot toss a bear even when he has both horns
under the bruin.
hm£&%m 8eqUt>nCe - ChanEe the ---fo^^pee^
Memory Is an exceedingly complex thine Tr u ««? ?»,-. v» •.
function; and it is noticeable that this power" of 5J5£lu£?» !f ' tyP °^ meDt£l
of abstract thought grows. P Ot vi8uallj!l ns decays as the pow B r
These systems are like crutches— they help up to a certain point and then are
more apt to hinder. Visualizing Is simply a matter of concentration and develop
ment of a- certain pictorial quality of memory- Those who are most likely to
excel are those who devote themselves entirely to one mental pursuit Thev de
velop the faculty of becoming oblivious of all that takes place around them
I once knew a minister who memorized his sermon by this method of visual
izing. He would reproduce in hla mind the manuscript just as it had been writ
ten, so that wherever it was blotted he would have difficulty in remnnb-rlnt
It. Most of us have this power to some slight degree, and it may be cultivated
One of the simplest methods of strengthening the memory In this l'ne is to en
deavor to recall what we have seen duriner a walk through the streets
Some people seem to be entirely without this power of mental rhotoeranhv
and the following story is eometimes used in classrooms as a test- The stoAr S
lates that when Napoleon was visiting one of the military hosnital* In Paris L
stopped bjvthe bedside of an old soidier who had lost both an n 'and a leg
The old soldier in an ecstacy of loyalty sprang from the bed, and drawing hia
sword cut off with a single blow his one remaining arm s
If Pillsbury were to be told this story he would see its absurdity at once, but
KTSStaiSSiST ° f rePrCSemlng We " " PiCtUres -u^elieTit to
There Is nothing abnormal in a feat of this kind, and it need not be regarded
as an" enormous strain upon the mind. Abnormality only appears when one fac
ulty EtultifH s all the others. Tho probable, fact is that PHlsbury has discovered
a better method of playing chess than others, which makes a hitherto impossible
task comparatively easy for him. I am certain that he could not have played
against twenty tables by the aid of any artificial memory system.
"Wonderful as this is it need not alarm Mr. Pillsbury's friends with fears of a
mental breakdown. He has merely given the world one of the most remarkable
examples of what we call vlsualism— a peculiar and rarely cultivated function of
memory.
6
Neglect your hair and you lo«e It. Parker's
Hair Balsam ren«ws the growth and color. %
Hlndercorrn. th* best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Dr. Slegert'i Angostura BJttera. Indorsed by
physicians and chemists for purity and whole-
Marmaduke Jones-Courtney Smith acts
as If he were the whole thing- .
Wllloughby Brown— The whole thing?
He acts as If he were the whole thing and
half of something else.— Puck.
Really, Mr. Donnelly. It doesn't matter
who wrote the Shakespearean plays —
there's nothing in a name, and the plays
speak for themselves— that's what.'— At-
lanta Constitution.
Like Women
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping? Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1043. ?
Look out for 81 Fourth (5c barber, gro-
cer); best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
By mall to Cape Nome — Townsend'g Cal.
glace fruits In tin boxes, 70c per lb. 6C3
Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
lb.. In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets.
Palace Hotel, 635 Market street. •
Delicious Roman caramels at Townsend's*
Palace cream taffy at Townsend's. •
Splendid alacuma at Townsend's. •
New peanut crisps at Townsend'a. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alrarar— "The nutterfll*^!."
Orjihoum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Th«> Tyranny cf Tears. 11
California— "The Amazons."
Tivcll-"The Wlxard Of the Nile "
Grand O|>era-!!ouse- "The l,a<!y Slavey."
Olympia.. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternocn and
erralnx.
Fischer's Concert Hall — "Faust."
Kapp Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
• ••¦• r»»Tu.r Park — Baseball.
Sutro Bath«--Oj>en nxats.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Laynjj— Monday. May ZS. at 11 o'clock. Horses.
8t Til H> ward street.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERYjmd SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
l/nnru Were successful at Nom» last
KnUUII yar. All ethers failed. In opera-
IUWV tton dally. » Stevenson St.. 8. P.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
la operation dally. «2S Sixth Street
BYRON JACKSON,
DaEDaiNd PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are coin* to Cap* Son*.
*r* you? Better buy one; Just tha pump tor
gravel: has Interchangeable parts. W. T,
GABRATT A CO.. cor. Fremont and Natorna-
~~ DWEDOINO PUMPS.
OH. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. CentrtfussJ Pumps,
Engines* Boilers. HendyMach.Wks.. 40 Fremont.
~ OOLO SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tlon; In operation Z6 Beale at
~ E.-VGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. icasollne: full ltn#: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 10 Fremont.
SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATrS
F. TV. BELL. Central P'.atlnr Works. 5o2 M!s-
slon si. 8. F. Phone Jessie Ml.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. »
Beal« «t. t 3. F.; 8<3 E. Id »t.. Los Angelea.
TB>TS.
TENTS. Tents. Tents. Awnlnirs and Covers.
F. THOMS. 1133 Mission st. Phone Howard 933.
PORTABLE rOUSES.
BtHlNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., S. F.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES. prnvlMon*. tents: packed, shipped
free. 8BARBORO A CO.. Cl Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO • .JESv*
• -^ — 4Friends' of Dumb Animals.
At the last regular meeting of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals Secretary C. B. Holbrook's re
port showed the following business of
last month;
Number of cases reported. 235; Investigated.
232- prosecuted. 6; animals taken from work,
156; animals involved, .Mil; animals relieved,
212: sick and disabled animals killed, 21.
Fifty-five new Bands of Mercy were formed
forth* month, numbering 2093 members. The
total membership at this date is 27,452. J, A.
W'agrner wa* appointed a district officer of
the society.
Bunko Man Decamps.
Charles Crawford, alias Rounds, a well
known bunko man, Is a fugitive from Jus
tice and a bench warrant Is out for his
arrest. He was accused, with William
Russell, of fllmflammtug A. Baer a to
bacconlst. out of $5. Crawford was' out on
cash ball and falk-d to appear Thursday
or yesterday when the case wan called In
Judge Mogan's court. The case against
Russell was partly heard yesterday and
continued till May 29. "leraay ana
Will Debate Philippine Question.
A public debate will take place at the
Young Men's Christian Association lecture
hall to-night at S o'clock. The subject Is
"Resolved, that the United States should
retain the Philippine Islands." Admission
Is free and everybody Is Invited.
In the Divorce Court.
Helene Streckfus was granted a divorce
from Charles 8treckfu» yesterday on the
ground of willful desertion. Edna E. B.
Leifchton has been granted a divorce from
Ellington I. Leighton on the ground of
failure to provide.
Suits for divorce have been Hied by Ida
Carson against John CarBon, on tho
ground that the defendant hne been con
victed of a felony: Sarah L. Rolph
against James M. Rolph for desertion;
May I>. French against Hervey R. French
for desertion, and Margaret M. Dunne
against Maurice Dunne for cruelty.
The Desecrators of Mrs. Murphy's
Grave Still Elude the
Police.
' Captain of Detectives Seymour and his
men are still searching for the Rhouis
who desecrated last Monday night the
grave of Mrs. Margaret Murphy in Cal
vary Cemetery In a vain attempt to ateal
her body. According to Assistant Super
intendent Nolan, who Is Incensed at the
publication- of the story of the attempted
grave robbery, the husband of the dead
woman visited the cemetery Thursday
night In an Intoxicated condition and fall-
Ing to find the watchman he flred a shot
In the air.
Two men are employed In constantly
watching tha grave, as the relatives of
Mrs. Murphy fear that the ghoula will
make another attempt to get possession
of the body.
GHOULS OF CALVARY
ARE STILL AT LARGE
gives me great satisfaction. Here, 3500
miles from where Is his Excellency's
liomti and many thousands of miles more
from Rome — here, in this far away city, a
Catholic Truth Society i« nourishing, ex
panding and carrying that universal truth
which is in the custody of him who sends
to you an apostolic delegate. And his
Kxcellency has seen and heard enough to
know to-night that here, as elsewhere.
Catholic truth is thriving. He has seen
much of men and has traveled much, and
knows that Catholic truth is a shining
light perpetually. Travel wherever you
may, a Catholic spire and a Catholic cross
are telling of that truth which in unpol
luted stream flows from Rome. It is a
matter of gratification to me also that to
night we shall hear of him who rules on
the papal throne. I give way to Mr.
Adanif." •¦ -¦
•Hearty applause erected the closing
words of the speaker and welcomed the
lecturer of the evening, Henry Austin Ad
ams, who spoke at length on Leo XIII.
Mr. Adams sought to tix the place of Pope
I^eo in the thought and progress of the
age, to detlne the spiritual and intellect
ual relations between the pontiff and the
people he rules and to appeal for that
principle of synthesis In thought, religion
and morals which Leo XIII represents in
opposition to the intellectual anarchy of
analysis which unrest and unbelief are
using to destroy institutions and systems.
While the lecture was neither the best
nor the most characteristic which Mr.
Adams has delivered In this city. It was
thoughtful and eloquent enough to win
the attention of his hearers and the re
ward of their applause.
As a preliminary to his discussion of
Leo XIII, the speaker traced the inci
dents and world comments which accom
panied the death of Pope Pius IX. The
non-Catholic world, the speaker said,
predicted that with the century the
Papacy would die. the church of Rome
had seen its last Pope and that if another
sat on the Papal throne he would- be but
the ghost of greatness, the shell but not
the substance of power. New thoughts
were agitating the world, they said, and
new problems, with which no Pope could
deal, were demanding attention. The
doom of the Papacy, the doubters said,
was at hand. They did not know that
men come and they go. Popes live and
die, but the Papacy lives forever upon
the everlasting rock of Peter.
It is an intellectual age, they said, or
what was worse, they thought it to be,
but forgot that with the times comes the
man to meet the times and as successor
to Pius IX came Leo XIII, the sreatest
Pope of the century, the great, cen
tral, Inspiring figure of the intellectual
and spiritual world. Into this swirling,
restless age of spiritual anarchy the
calm, guiding genius of Leo has entered
to combat the acid of analysis, the soph
istries of false logic, the snares of Im
perfect information. Into this world
Pope Leo has come to lead men away
from the foe banks of yearning and dis"
quiet and the ocean of doubt and despair
into the foothills of faith and thence to
those spiritual fastnesses where reigns
the peace and goodness of God.
To the Intellectual world, he said, Leo
has been a liberal Pope. He has fostered
the learning of men. He has opened the
• treasures of the Vatican to the inquiring,
i Incredulous glance of the world, for he
knows that nothing of truth can harm the
stupendous, awe-inspliing fabric of which
he is the keystone. Those that hate the
truth he teaches love him, f^r he has
lighted the lamp of synthesis In the dark
ness of an analytic age. He. has given to
?p^ciallzation its proper peace, but that
which solidifies, which deepens, which
quiets the thought of man has a greater
I and a nobler place.
And then, said the sneaker. Pope Leo
must be seen In his relation to the Scrip
tures. He must be known in his battling
I against the most Insidious enemy of all
: faiths and all creeds— that unbelief which
I is undermining the earnest, sacred truths
of the Bible. When, millions of souls aro
nfioat on the ocean of doubt they will see
the rock of Peter and upon It find refuge.
And can we forget him. said the lec
turer, in his contact with the painful
pulsating work world where men laboi'
and suffer against the power of greed
and lust and Jealousy? It has been told
cf him that he has said the only sane
thing that has ever been snid In all po
litical economy and the world Is bettei
and purer and happier because ho, has
Faid that In the brotherhood of man will
we find the solution to the fearful prob
lems that threaten to wreck the world
And in Leo XIII the Catholics of America
see a light from heaven, a pillar of fire a
man in the glorious fulfillment of his high
destiny. * '
speech and spt-aktr became only incidents
in a celebration in which the Papal leg
ate remained the central and most con
spicuous figure. In. his honor the secre
tary of the apostolic delegation at Wash,
ington. the \ ery Itev. Dr. F. Z. Rooker,
was made president of the evening.
In opening the meeting the Kev. Philip
O'Hyuu said that the Catholic Truth So
ciety felt deeply grateful that the official
representative of Leo XIII in the Unltea
States had honored the society with his
presence. The distinguished prelate, h«
said, had come opportunely to hear from
an eloquent lecturer words of praise of
the glorious pontiff who now sits In th*
chair of St. Peter. With these words
Lt'Hyan introduced the Very Rev. Dr.
RooKer as chairman of the evening.
Dr. Rooker spoke at some length, con
gratulating his hearers on the spirit they
showed in their faith and in the fidelity
in«-y Moved to Catholic truth. In both
spirit and fidelity he found another grrati
tylne oxamplf ot thi- worid-wiiio Tact that
in every community around the world a
Catholic spire and a Catholic crows herald
the living and everlasting truth whpae
perpetual fountain is in Home.
"1 suppose," he paid Jocularly," "that
Father O'Ryun expects me to give than.ta
for being eho?en to preside to-night, but
if I entertained a thought of doing so
I will give it no expression. Whatever
light there may be comi'iR from me Is
a reflected light from the prelate who is
the actual president to-niyht and whose
proxy I am. I suppose, too, that I am
expected, as well as is his Excellency,
Monsignor Martlnelll, to express astonish
ment at your wonderful development In
this city and on this cojtst. I have watched
his Kxcellency's face, but it has betrayed
no sign of astonishment; neither has
mine. We are gratined, Indeed, but not
astonished. There Is no reason in the
world why you should not have made the
splendid progress which is now to your
credit.
"Are not the men who made this city
inspired by the same sentiment, the sime
blood, the* same ppirlt ap were those men
who have built every American city?
If success rewarded striving and stress
of endeavor in the East, why not in the
West? What you have done Is greatly to
your credit. But we are not astonished;
we expected it.
"Of the many things which have struck
me on my visit here one in particular
ing a splendid tribute to the reigning
Pope in the presence of Leo's personal
representative In the United States, and
to one of the largest audiences ever gath
ered in Metropolitan Hall. Deeply sig
nincant as the tb-me was and eloquent
as the speaker has proved himself to be.
Grand Jury Formally Charges the
Man Who Bobbed the Crocker
Residence.
The Grand Jury returned an indictment
yesterday against John P. Hill, formerly
butler at the Crocker residence at Bur
llngume, who took, it is alleged. $3500
worth of diamonds belonging to Mrs. A.
M. Easton, a guest in the house, and
fled the country after selling the jewels In
this city for $310. The indictment charges
Hill with bringing stolen property into San
Francisco and fixes his bail at $10,000. As
no trace of Hill has ever been found and
as the stolen Jewelry "has been returned
to the owner it is not likely that the mat
ter will ever be heard of again.
Attorneys J. S. Mitchell and James Na
gle were before the- Grand Jury to ex
plain their connection with the case of
M Eckenkell. the street car man. who
lost a suit for damages against the Sut
ter-street Railway Company and now
wants to Indict his attorneys for alleged
confiscation of $114 put up as fees in the
case. Attorney Nagle showed that they
had acted honorably in the matter and
the case was dropped.
SIGNIFICANT of the marvelous
strides of Western civilization was
the business transacted yesterday
by the State Sportsmen's Conven
tion at the Olympic Gun Club's rooms.
Fhe trend of action was to pass sweep-
Ing restrictions, almost reaching prohi-
Dltion. upon the. killing of wild birds and
quadrupeds. Members of the gathering,
still young, could remember when these
low scattered denizens of forest and field
?xisted almost in primeval plenty and
?ould be killed with ruthless Indiscrimi
nation, So rapidly has man encroached
upon the reign of nature that sportsmen
tire fearful lest the valued birds and
beasts be entirely exterminated, and
hence this convention, marking an era in
California's history.
Some slight friction between urban and
suburban interests was noticeablo yester
day, but the general desire was to pro
pose laws that would be satisfactory to
all sections arid not meet with opposition
in the Legislature by which it is hoped
they will be adopted.
From the talk It Is evident that the
main discussion before the convention
when It reconvenes at 10 o'clock this
morning will be on the "possessory
clause" relating to birds. How sports
men can be prevented from having more
than a certain number in their possession
at once, and dealers, hotels and restaur
unts can be accommodated in the mat
ter of keeping quantities on hand, will
probably arouse an argument bordering
on a light.
The report of the resolution committee
on open and closed seasons was awaited
with expectation. It provides that black
brant wild duck, rull. Knglish or Wilson
snipe, curlew, ibis or plover may be
killed during any three -consecutive
months designated by the Supervisors of
the various counties between October 1
and March 1 and that if the . Supervisors
express no preference the open season
shall be from November 1 to February L
Doves and wild pigeons may be killed
during any three consecutive months
chosen by the Supervisors from June 1 to
Januarv 1. or from AiiRust 1 to January
1 if the' Supervisors fall to designate.
1'artridee. grouse, mountain quail and
sago hens may be killed from September
1 to November 1 and gray or tree squirrels
during the same period.
Male deer are to be legitimate prey for
hunters only during two consecutive
months from July 1 to December 1 if the
matter Is regulated by the Supervisors and
if not from July 15 to September 15.
The killing of pheasants, Chinese or
Eastern quail, bobwhltes and female deer
is prohibited altogether, as Is the slaying
of game during evenings, nights and early
mornings and hunting with blinds. It was
provided that no person should kill more
than three deer in a season.
The "possessory" clause provides that
no person shall take or have in his pos
session at one time more than twenty
live quail, wild duck, snipe, curlew or
ibis; forty doves, twenty quail or eight
The birds that might be killed ot will
were enumerated and Included the
meadow lark.
The question was raised at once when
the "possessory clause" was read as to
how dealers and eating-houses were gn-
Ing to operate under it. The suggestion
was made that dealers be allowed to have
more in their possession than hunters.
II. T. Payne said this would be special
legislation and unconstitutional.
"The clause will never be passed by the
legislature- unless the dealers and hotel
men are protected," said C. M. Belshaw
of Antiocn.
John Burns of Sutter County Inter
posed here a plea for the ducks. He said
they were Just as thick in his county as
ever and ate the grain, and that the
farmers would kill them anyway. He
made a plea, too. for the hunters.
On motion of Professor Jordan the pos
sessory clause was referred to the judi
ciary committee with instructions to
amend It fo no hardship v/ould be placed
on dealers and eating-houses, and resub-
One delegate thought the Indians were
INDICTMENT AGAINST
BUTLER JOHN P. HILL
being unjustly treated because of the nar-
T' w deer-killing limit.
"It is because of the Indians that the
law should be made strict," said R. T.
Johnson. "Up in Del Norte the Diggers
slaughter the deerjerk the hind quarter*,
sell the hide and throw the rest away."
The secretary read a resolution fath
ered by Merton C. Allen and following the
lines of the Maine law, providing that
every person wishing to kill deer should
pay a fee of 50 cents to the Fish Com
mission and receive three tags, the limit
of the number of deer each person should
kill, one of which was to be attached to
each animal slain.
William West objected to its adoption
on the ground that It would be difficult
for those In the country to get tags. F.
1J. Naylor of San Diego said his people
would have to travel or send 600 mllea
for tags. C. M. Shortrldge Joined in the
opposition.
"This would be clearly a city law." said
W. E. Gerber of San Diego. "The condi
tions are different from those of Maine,
where people from New York, Pennsyl
vania and New Jersey hunt."
The resolution was voted down.
John Staack objected to the protection
of curlew and plover, which he said
were not of value for food and furnished
sport.
"The sportsmen use them though,'*' said
Dr. W. B. Cook of Eureka, "to furnish
a pretext for hunting ducks out of sea
son."
The birds mentioned were left under
protection.
E. C. Tallant of Santa Barbara said
meadow larks should be taken from the
unprotected list.
"The farmers complain that the larks
eat most of their grain," said Dr. J. W,
Hayes of Grass Valley, "and they don't
want them protected.
S. C. St. John objected to enumerating
the unprotected birds. Many that should
be exterminated would thus be by infer
ence on the protected list.
"There Is the destructive butcher bird,
which is not mentioned." he said. "They
should be shot at all times. These birds
eat the contents of thousands of doyes'
eggs and leave the shells hanging on the
fences,"
1 In response to a motion by Belshaw that
the names of all birds not classed as
game be mentioned. Professor Loomls
said there were over three hundred of
them. Mr. Belshaw hastily withdrew his
motion.
It was resolved that game wardens
should be provided for. their compen
sation to be $100 a month in counties of
the second and third class, $75 In the
fourth, fifth and sixth cIhes counties, $60
In the seventh, eighth and tenth class
counties, and $50 In all others.
W. C. Kennedy of Merced was very an
tagonistic to some of the proposed laws,
and said none of them would "stick no
how" in his county.
MARTINELLI SPLENDIDLY
WELCOMED BY CATHOLICS
Thousands Throng
to Metropolitan
Hall to Greet the
Prelate. , ._
m
Henry A. Adams
Delivers a Lec
ture on Pope Leo
XIII.
R ONSIONOR MARTIN'ELLI, Papal
//OT Legate to the United States, re-
Jl A& y> c f l ve> d a welcome last n'ght rrom
the Catholics of San Francisco.
For the first time In his life, and perhaps
for the last, the distinguished prelate paw
aryl heard with what warmth and gener
cs-ity. with what enthusiasm and hearty
good will, the members of his faith greet
thoir leaders. Metropolitan Hall was
crowded to the very last seat In the gal-
U-nos. Men and women thronged the
aft-les, encroached to the railing 1 of the
stajce. swayed patiently and with eaper
tii'fs a.r.6 anticipation in the lobbiow. They
lined the walls and occupied every avall
a! le (a the bip building, • The hall,
with its thousands of people and Its brtl- I
flant 6tar-spar.g1eJ dec.-.ratlonB of red. ¦
white and blue, was an inspiring scene
when the music of the crgan heralded
the comin? of the purst of the right and
the two score of prients and laymen who
acted ts his escort.
By common Impulse ever}' one in the
great assemblage arose as the Pupal
l>"?ate. In the crimson robes and beretta
pf his hich office, appeared. The flutter
ana hustle of thousands of moving forms
c<ased as the crimson-parbed flpure
moved toward the post of honor in the
front and center of the stage, and as the
Legate took his seat the throrjrs in the
a - j«Ii«;nce rraillimi theirs. - Then the ap
plause in irreeting thundered through the
place in deafening sound. It win a
Fpler.-iid y.elcome.
The incident which gave Mnnsignot
Martlndll the opportunity to meet
1-ublirly the Catholics of San Fran
cisco was the third lecture in the
fries be;ng given by Henry Austin
Adam?. In reepect for the occaFton
Mr. Adams chone as his theme "Leo
XIII" &nd he had the fsatisfaction of pay-
To Limit the Number of Birds in Hunter's
Possession and Save Dealers and
Hotels Is a Hard Problem.
Sportsmen Suggest Strong Action
to Do Away With Danger of
Extermination.
PROPOSED LAWS
TO C"AVP frAMP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
MR. ADAMS PAYS TRIBUTE TO
THE REIGNING PONTIFF.
7
AMUSEMOTTa
COLUfiBIAfe
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY. FAREWELL TO- NIGHT!
cim ™ JOHN DREW
IN
THE TYRANNY OF TEARS
T\T/-k»T»pT Mr. Drew wtn appear at th*
llvF 1 !_• Macdonough Theater, Oakland.
Saturday night, June 1
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
N. C. GOODWIN
riAXINE ELLIOTT
In their great success.
WHENWbWtRETVVENTY-ONE
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATUBDAT). MAT VS.
Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
lCc, any part.
BEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IX AMERICA.
MACNANI FAMILY,
"The Musical Barbers."
w«k d o? EZRA KENDALL,
The Talk of the Town, Everything N«w,
MLLE. BARTKO.
THE "WILSON FAMILY
And Twenty Others.
9-BIO AOT3-9
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
EXTRA— TO-NIGHT !
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE
CAKEWALK!
THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
BLADDER CONTEST ON TflE LAKE
Order Seats by Phone. Park 23.
TJ__ 1 The covered paasage-
lH.l3.C6 wa y connecting theaa
M. %«AV»WW twQ lj I j men8e S t rUC .
' tures places under
one management 1400
n yi Si rooms. 900 of which
dllU. have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
— — —— -^— ers from every section
f<\ j of the world recogrnlaa
¦ xPJJTlfl and appreciate the
v-x **aav» comforts and convenl-
____——— ences offered by thcaa
hotels.
TJi"\TQlC« American plan. Eu-
XlUtCld ropean plan.
— <%». m R!* « la • non-roi»or.o'*i
««^8£'*-' >^^»i5 r ° ra9d 7 tor Gonorrhcf*.
OJeet, 3j>«rta»torrh.*v
jESS? ia I to J ««t«-\1 Wbit«i, unnatar*! II*.
BvjSJW dairM"*** B ch»rg»», or anr inflc-nm*'
PC% eot to nrkun. T" tion, , irritation or ulcer*.
MDUtn. tlon ot macoat men*.
KWVH££«m CHEH'CH Co. branes. 5oo-Mtrlna«Be.
Mgj&ciNSiiuuT!.o.ESH *° ld bJ **«*yi*u,
C. ". a J&gTt* ient to P 1aJ o wrapper.
7*S3mu ' JatfnS "7 express, prepaid, fa*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists MaOol
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
P. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. E0» CM.. Cnial* by.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IROX
T r Till CnV & Ct\ *0° Battery StrMt.
J-t« UlLOUil S Ul>» Telephone Mala UH,
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Sopt. H. BL.TTH. IXkt.
C VC CM1TH Fhi O Plumbing. Steamboat and
\r n • 3j1I1U> Ship Work a specialty. M and
IS AVtihlntton at. Telephone Main MU.
FRESH AND SALT MRATS.
I4C nnVEC £ m Shipping Butcher*. 104
JAj- PUlC3 tt VV'Clay. Tel. Main U?i.
PHI.NTINX
F« C- HUGHES* m Sanaome »t.. 8. V.
2 STATIONe* AND PRINTR!?.
Tal SaS? 10 PARTRIDGE tt< ffffT 1 *
WIUTE A5B STEAM COAL, SSTSlaHE
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO^ at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. U the Best Coal la tiM
toarket^ pttca and Yard*— ttt iUla itrttU
¦ " — .¦—.¦¦ — .¦•
I REMARKABLE BARGAINS;
| ON SALE ]
S LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for $8.00, !
g will be sold at $5,00 !
1 LADIES' NOVELTY SUITS, Tan Shades, regular j
© price $30.00, marked down to $20. 00 <
• LADIES' NOVELTY SUITS, Tan Shades, regular j
o price $35.00, marked down to $25.00 {
J LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new designs, value for |!
• $1.00, will be sold at |5o !
8 LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new colorings, value for !
2 Si. 50, will be sold at $|00 !
• LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in white, at J
• SI.50, S2 and $3.00 ]
J LADIES' FANCY SHIRT WAISTS at J
g $ 2 ' $3i up $5.00 !
I EXTRA SPECIAL! j
• 2ooo LADIES' WHITE DUCK SKIRTS, neatly Sj
• braided, value for 75c and $i.oo, will be sold at 35C {
jj.O'BRiEN&CO.!
g 1142-1146 Market Street. !
AMUSEMENTa^
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Magnificent Production of Rice's Famous
Extra vaganxa,
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAY NEXT.
DECORATION DAY.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mati-
nees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
*T1VQLB*
FINAL MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2,
And LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success.
THE WIZARD
OF THE_NILE !
NEXT WEEK— The Romantic Comic Optra,
THE THREE GUARDSMEN.
(Founded on Dumas' Novel. Music by Varney.)
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone Bush I.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
AKD TO-NIOHT LAST TIMES OP
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY IS **
"THE AMAZONS"
Next Week— FAREWELL to the N*1U Com-
pany in the following repertoire: Sunday, Mon-
day and Tuesday Nights and Wtdnesday (Mem-
orial Day) Matinee— "IX)RD CHL'MLET. 1
Wednesday and Thursday Nights— "A BACHE-
LOR'S BOMANCE." Thursday Matinee— "CAP-
TAIN LETTARBLAIR." Friday and Saturday
Nights and Saturday Matinee— "CAPTAIN
SWIFT." Comlnr-Dunne & Ryley 1 * "ALL
STAR CAST."
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
Henry Guy Carlston'a Charming Comedy,
THE
BUTTERFLIES!
NEXT WEEK— Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
THE SUPERFLUOUS HUSBAND.
MATINEE (WED.) DECORATION DAY.
Coming— FLORENCE ROBERTS as SAPHO.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
San Francisco
rO-DA Y AT 3 f. M.
SUN DA Y AT2:3O f. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
17KJPWP'R»C! CONCERT HOUSE*
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AXD
BIO. ABRAMOFF. tn Acti From
—"FAVORITA" AND "FAUST."
MIS8 SANDOLIN IN ENGLISH SONGS.
Reserved Beau. 25c. Matinee Saturday.
CONCERT HALL-THE C F-KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERT NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday night.
ADMISSION FREE.
SUTRO BATHS
OF»EIN NIGHTS,
Ooen Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
, Bathing from T a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c; Children, Ko,
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
are ailing women* When
a woman has some female
trouble she Is certain to
be nervous and wretched*
With many women tho
monthly suffering is so
great that they are for
days positively Insane,
and the most diligent ef-
forts of ordinary treat-
ment are unavailing*
I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
comes promptly to the re-
lief of these women* The
letters from women cured
by it proves this* This
paper Is constantly print-
ing them*
The advloe of Mrs* Pink-
ham should also be se-
cured by every nervous
woman* This costs noth-
ing* \ Her address Is Lynn,
Mass*
Don't Go To
The Country
Until you see the Outing
Number of
S. F. News Letter
To-day, Saturday. Tory
pages, illustrated through-
out, With mUCh frank de-
Tea and coffee are positively
poisonous.
Cof-Yariii
is pure, nutritious and health-
giving. Now which do you
think you should drink ?
Your grocer can cet Cof-farln for
you if you insist upon It, as you
should.
____^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . . . —
¦ . ?
Saturday Specials in
Hosiery Department.
i ••> . # r^C"\ The most durable Host mads i
1 (111V C Hlirjl fcn=Slf for boys" rotieh wear, ma'i*
, InirLC.'lVliCL. As* « j of ' h ' b ~" auaitty combM ,
, », T~ ¦•••—•» »».••*» S / tnaco yarn thrr.ughout, with I
IPflTHPD STfirKINA JLJLSr>^ ¦ a-thread knees, heela and,,
tfMinCK JIUWnifiU.^^^r/p\ toes, sizes 5',i to^ 10 |
" t/euncut sd&iX aE$blmBQl A nne traiie lustrous lisle +
' lYLnUjnA «^££J* »£j3r«lar "*?) finish for misses, sizes ?,' 2 #
JJaKP i^*i-* •¦, ' l2-\S *^l\ 4*\ <*"" Cel^br&tPd School Hose"
1 trtllt « «^^^X-^.^wPW?A'» for Boys - : - t " rt ' 1 " 1 mae " "
a BllVk T«\V* f&& V-3ls**^^5«2j»VSC\ * peariless. srlioM h^-ei? and "
? VIM.niai Xjfe^ Pg_\jtt^*fijO*Jv ¦> tc * s - suarnr.t.^.l fast blaok ?
i "i£^2!l!5-/!fc'«H &^«f^ V* *o'd"oicn""ladi'es f ~Frenca Black ,,
! *rv;»vHS^iae^\v;<?^3¥*'|iii:* /' r'ar.tei fa^t blaek, regular ',[
' j£$£xfil£mX$fo'™ii flu' < / ' *.1 ilJC v a!u ? . for to-day only.. (l
' *<r r r^ttfjffir'JJwf. i &?*' w Sy i jv{ y u> j ' 25*doi*Ti Boya : Heavy l>m-h *
1 "* *''»»¦• „¦ i xi .*• "*"_» '* Ribbed Fleeced Cotton T
' Shirts and Drawers, made t
• with flat elastic seam throughout: shirts with wide French ruchedneck: •
1 all sizes; eood value for 40c; special to-day only at 2I7c per garment ?
c: curtin;
;; 911-913 MARKET STREET. j
i
i ...... ;The semi-annual meeting of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Association, a3
represented by its executive committee
and advisory council, at the Palace Hotel
last evening was interesting and progres
sive. Upon the strength of a statement
made by President William Thomas that
while the association had money enough
for present purposes, but had signally
failed to get members and that members
were needed more than money, it was de
cided to make the membership fee only
$1. On that basis, Mr. Thomas said, it
would be possible to get 10,000 members
this year. The constitution of the asso
ciation was amended accordingly and the
membership committee was authorized to
pay competent persons a commission to
secure members. Mr. Thomas reported
the list of subscribers of funds. The total
amount subscribed is $10,300.
J. B. Llppincott, representing the United
States Geological Survey, and Elwood
Mead, representing the Irrigation Inves
tigation of the Department of Agriculture,
reported. ' 'In total there is $24,000 available
to be expended in the field work this year.
Both thought that by the middle of Sep
tember a report could be made concerning
water supplies, water rights, reservoir
sites and other questions concerning the
Irrigation of the dry counties In the State.
Both said that had it not been for tho
Water and Forest Association's work
there would have been a deficiency In
their funds this year and the work in this
State would' have met with delay. To
this Mr. Thomas said that the credit was
due to Congressman Kahn.
Generally speaking the substance of the
report has been anticipated, but Mr. Mead
had some new facts concerning Cache
Creek, on the west side of the Sacramento
Valley, and he urged vigorously that ex
ploitation of that stream should be in
cluded in the programme of field work
this season. He said that he hoped that
the assistance of lawyers might be had to
frame legal recommendations -in Septem
ber.
A general discussion followed in which
all the civil engineers took part. Among
those present were: Chief Justice Beatty,
Professors Soule and Marx, respectively
of the State University and Stanford
University: W. G. Sanborn of Berkeley,
Marsden Manson, C. E. Grunsky, T. C.
Kriedlander, Surveyor General Gleaves,
Will S. Green and Colonel E. A. Denicke.
Civil Engineers and Others Discuss
Problems Connected With, the
Proper Irrigation of State's
Broad Acres.
WATER RUNNING
TO WASTE WHILE
LANDS ARE DRY
Elwood Mead So Reports
to the Water and Forest
Association.
Jennings Will Contest.
Jennie Seabrlght Drady filed a contest
yesterday to the will of her aunt, Emma
F. Jennings, who named George I. Ives,
a friend, her sole devisee. As grounds of
contest the petitioner alleges undue in
fluence and unsoundness of mind on the
part of the testatrix.
Hit Her With an Ax.
Clara Ochoa. who conducts a boarding
house at 345 Brannan street, swore to a
complaint yesterday In Judge Cabanlss"
court for the arrest of Manuel Aranda, a
marine fireman, on tho charge of assault
with intent to- do bodily . harm. Aranda
had been paying his addresses to his land
lady and because she rejected his suit he
hit:her,Thursday night on the side of the
head with an ax.
Large Number of Folders to Be Dis
tributed Telling About the
Excursion.
The executive committee having In
charge the Bunker Hill day celebration
met last night. Judge Belcher reported
that an Invitation had been extended to
Merton C. Allen to deliver the oration. It
was also announced that Miss Eva Ten
ney would sing "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner."
Five thousand folders describing the ex
cursion to Glenwood will be distributed
Monday, it was stated. V. F. Northrop
was appointed marshal and Robert Van
dercook floor manager. It was reported
that nineteen valuable prizes had been
donated by merchants for distribution to
winners of the contests.
The next meeting will be held Thursday
evening.
MARSHAL APPOINTED
FOR BUNKER HILL DAY
The British bark Dominion, on which the
underwriters paid 65 per cent to reinsure
their risks, reached Sydney, N. S. W.,
prior to the 25th inst. The vessel was the
subject of a great deal of speculation on
the water front, and a number of people
have cleared up quite a respectable sum
on the gamble.
The Dominion left Tacoma on March 4
with 907,262 feet of lumber for Sydney, N.
S. "W. The day she passed out through
the straits of San Juan de Fuca it was
blowing a gale, and the bark got the full
force of it. Nothing was thought of this
at the time and no fears were entertained
for the vessel until the steamer Willapa
arrived on the Sound from a cruise along
the Alaskan coast. Her crew reported
that a name board with the letters "Dom 1 
nlon" on it had been picked up at Cla-oost
by the Indians, and that at Eucluelet a
red-painted boat, badly smashed, had
come ashore. There was no name on it,
but it was provisioned with canned goods,
biscuits, a water cask and a demijohn
containing some liquor. The oars were in
the boat.
Excursion to Alaska.
As soon as this news was made public
the reinsurance on the Dominion was
started at 10 per cent. It remained at that
ligure for a ¦while and then gradually rose
to 25 per cent as no news came from the
lumber vessel. Then the halibut steamer
Edith arrived at 'Seattle with the news
that in Wrangel Narrows a lifeboat
marked Dominion had been picked up.
This caused the underwriters to at once
raise the rate of reinsurance to 50 per
cent, and as the discussion over the ves
sel's chances went on this offer was final
ly advanced to 65 per cent. It was still at
that figure yesterday when the news came
of the arrival of the vessel at her des
tination.
The Dominion is an old vessel and has
had a number of narrow escapes from de
struction. It was this fact that made the
underwriters fear for her safety. She waa
once owned In San Francisco, but was
taken to Sydney a few years ago and sold
there. She was afterward condemned, but
finally got a new license. On her next
voyage, with a cargo of coal from New
castle, N. S. "W., to Honolulu, she sprang
a leak and had to put into Sydney in dls
tress
More Vessels for Nome.
The steamer Newsboy, which arrived
yesterday from Hueneme, will be put on
the berth for the gold fields just as soon
as her southern cargo is discharged. She
has been purchased by Walter S. Scam
mell from Robert Dollar. No expense will
be spared in order to make her a first
class passenger ship. She will take away
about a hundred gold hunters and all the
cargo she can carry. A considerable quan
tity of the freight is for Charles D. Lane.
Some of his men who were left behind
Thursday will follow him to Nome on the
Newsboy. > ¦ ', •-¦¦•.••
The steamers Valencia and St. Paul are
to sail for Nome to-day. The Valencia
will leave Howard-street wharf No. 3 at
10 a. m., and the St. Paul will get away
from Fremont-street wharf at 2 p. m. A
large crowd of notables will leave on the
St Paul, while "Lucky" Baldwin and his
dancing girls aro booked by the Valencia.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Almost Given Up as Lost by the Un
derwriters, Who Were Paying
Sixty-Five Per Cent to
Cover Bisks.
The Heavily Reinsured Bark
Dominion Reaches Syd
ney, N. S. W.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
has arranged for excursions for the com
ing season that should prove very popular
with the Biehtseers and plove-trotters.
First of all there will be a trip from San
Francisco to all Puget Sound ports. This
will include stops at Victoria, B. C, Port
Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Vancouver
and Nanalmo, B. C-. and one or two other
ports. The passengers will live on the
steamer during the entire trip. Next there
will be the regular yearly trip to all Alas
kan points, including Glacier Bay. Then
there la a trip to Skaguay by steamer, a
ride across the White Pass railroad, then
over the lakes and down the Yukon to
Dawson, down the Yukon River to St.
Michael and then back to San Francisco
or Puget Sound by way of Cape Nome,
Cape York and Golofnin Bay. The last
trip will be on the palatial steamer Sen
ator, which Is scheduled to leave Seattle
July 21. Sitka, Prince Williams Sound, the
seal islands, Kodiak Island and all points
of interest. in the vicinity will be visited.
A short 'stop will be made at Nome and
St. Michael on the way home. Pleasure
seekers have thus a variety of ways in
which to See Alaska, and every one of
them a most delightful and inexpensive
outing.
News From the San Pedro.
The gold hunters who left here on the
San Pedro are having a hard time of it,
according to a letter sent to The Call by
one of the passengers. The vessel put
into Drakes Bay and from there the let
ter was sent to this city. It is as follows:
DRAKES BAY, May 19.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Please advise
the traveling: public that the passengers on the
steamship San Pedro for Cape Some are packed
aboard like hogs and fed in a like manner, set
ting six tables and sixty at a table, with no
system whatever. Everything Is confusion, and
we are in the hands of Inexperienced hands bo
far as food Is concerned. One of our passengers
committed suicide last night by drowning. His
name . was Jones. Please protect the public
against euch schemers. Yours, etc.,
W. H. ORR,
Of 10 Annie street, city.
Water Front Notes.
The Mexican steamer Ignacio Mariscal
arrived yesterday from Mazatlan and way
ports. She will have new boilers put In
here and will go regularly into the Mexi
can trade.
The steamer W. H. Kruper arrived In
port yesterday with the hull of the new
steamer Eureka in tow. The latter vessel
will be englned here and will take the
place of the Weeott on the Eureka run.
The ship Guy C. Goss arrived yesterday
at Philadelphia from San Francisco after
a remarkably fine passage of 116 days,
considering the circumstances. - She dam
aged her rudder head in the South Atlan
tic and had to make the rest of the way
north under a jury rudder.
Steamer Newsboy, the Latest Addition to the Cape Nome Fleet
POPULAR COUPLE
ON WEDDING TRIP
WH. PERROTT, a prominent
merchant of . Eureka, Hum
boldt County, and bride ar
. ° rived In San Francisco yester
day on their honeymoon. The bride was
Miss Bernetta Moffett of Visalla, and the
marriage took place In that city on Thurs
day. , The ceremony was performed in the
First Presbyterian Church, which was
beautifully- decorated for the occasion
with cut flowers and smilax. Only tho
relatives and Intimate friends of the fam
ily were present.
After the ceremony the happy couple
departed on a wedding tour. They will
make their home In Eureka.
The groom is well known throughout
the State and Is very popular. His bride
is the daughter of a well-known orchardist
of Vlsalla, of which city she has been one
of the leading belles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
8
'+ 4-
A. -. - /TK _>nii_.
¦?" TO
i PHILADELPHIA I
t AND RETURN t\
t VIA. f
A* •+¦
I Santa Fe |
! Route. *
-?> • 4-1
-?• ¦ ¦ ¦?¦
'& ¦ +
J Tickets sold JUNE 12 ani %
-4- 13 good to return 60 days. +
-?- • +
1 Office, 628 Market St. +
CAL1F9RNU NORTHWESTEBN EY. CO.
ZjESSEISI
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfctxron Perry. Poot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:39. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 1J^5,
8:80. B:1O. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:80 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at l:J0
and 11:30 n. m.
BUNDAT»-e:00, »:», 11:08 a. m.; 1:30, *:S0.
6:00. 6:20 ». m.
BAN* RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK OATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:80, 11:10 a. m.: 11:45.
»:«. B:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and 6:35 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, lino a. m.j 1:40, 8:40.
8:06. 6:25 p. m. J_
Between Ban Frandsoo and Bchnetien ParK
game scheJule as above. ;
Leave J In ETfect. I Arrive
San rranclsco.' I Apr. 16. 1SOO.| San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Bun- I We<sk
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 em Xovato. 10:40 am] 8 :«0 am
1:80 pm f :80 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm>10:26 am
6:10 pm t.OOpm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm| »:» pm
Fulton.
T:SO am Windsor. 1C:2S am
HealdBburr.
Lytton.
OeyservlUe.
<:SOpra IMtm Cloverdale. 7:B5pm S :20 pm
7:*>ara| j Hopland i 110:25 am
S:30 pm| t:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| fl:10 pm
7i") am 110:25 am
8:00 am Ouernerllle. 7:85 pm
8:S0pm 1^ t:20pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
:. • "' and
C:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:S0«un] 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
S:30 pm] S:00 ptn| Sebastcpol. | 7:85 pm| 6:20 pm
Staires connect at Santa Rosa'Tor Mark 'West
Eprln»rt and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Sprints: at Cloverdale
for the Oeypers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, I^okeport and Bartlett
Springs; at TTklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
3r rings. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley"s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal, Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Raterl at half rates.
Ticket office*. «0 Market St.. Chroniole bldr.
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Mancger. Gen. Pass. Agent.
~~ WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicngo, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest thi ouch . train service, with pollt* aad
courteous employes. Stop-oft allowed at ta«
Fails. ROSS C. CUKE. P. a P. A*t,
Ix>s Angeles. Cal.
C. S. CRANE. O. P. A«t..
BU LooU, Mo.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC ¦ RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday,
April 22. 1S00, : via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m., 1:15
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.,
9 a. m.; 10 a. m., 11 a. m., 1:20 ?. m., 2:30
p. m. Wednesday, May 20 (Decoration day),
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausalito Ferry, north
end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
. Vet st.. San Franci*eo. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco, $1 40.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific rrethod applied to the sums. So
sleep-prodv.clns agents or cocaine. -¦"-» -
These are the only dental parlors tn Kan
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply ?ol1
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for tan years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full sat of
teeth tS, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings. $1. Silver fill-
ings. Me. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 11 to JO years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell yon In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to 8: SUNDAYS. 11 to i
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
NEW WESTERN j HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $S week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
II 8 FT nnilll c °r n « Fourth and
OWL nUIRL^o^j-sa
Valises checked free.
OCEAN TBAVEIfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
fa^_ wharf, San Francisco:
W^Ba^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
La^SJ^ Ma> * J(;> 31> Jun> * 5 - Change to
Irei'vSSrfl^* company's stpnmers at Seattle.
Kn kc5\«S For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
c .) f p ort To«n?cnd. Seattle.
RnirWW"^'^ 1 1 T" 3 - 00 " 13 . Everett, Arvicortps
r^^^B&^Su and New 'U'hatrom (Wash.) —
* ~Wl|Tnl 11 a. m.. May 26, 31. June 5,
and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — ID a. m.. May
28, June 2, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. May 27, 31, June 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — n a.
m.. May 25. 29, June 2, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a, m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
:-?:'•- ¦--•¦¦-:' 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R, Ft, n. OH.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
FARE tiV rSt 5^. SS '"eluding Berth
I ni\\. $8 Second Clas< and A\eal3.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
COLUMBIA* SAILS.*.". ".'.".*. "."." iiiV 23* *June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane'. Butte
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets, to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO? Market . et -
Superintendents.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
PLY <parTs1 and'ham'
TWIN-SCREW PASSENOER U1 SERVICE
LYM 1 °c^ T 5v^? IERBOUR O AND HAM.
AND^/mbSrcP^ YOUK TO CHERBOURG
HAM|UR^K^ tC L^l^^w.y. N.T.
PARIS HOTRI. ACCOMMODATION
x«r^'^71?/i^ 8 '5, ur * d befor « '"'oarture.
,A?r R ,»°° .* CO " °* n - A«s. for Paclfla Coast.
4<n California St.. corner Sansome. S. F.
0 C f &E£ C r 5* S. CO.-HONOI.UI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
a e"\7:V»VA~ edneida 3 r . May 80. 1900. 2 p. m.
.8 S MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zsa-
• *, an(1 a an<J Australia.. ..Wed., June 1J. I p. m.
Pier 7. Foat Pacific St. FreljWoijce.*2? M«kat 8t
— OCEAN TBJLSVEl*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»Nome
v DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SE2STATOR
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma June IT,
July « and August 27. The SENATOR, sail-
ing' July 21. will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing at Nome
will continue north thro' the Behrlng Strait." ,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing Into the Arctta
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect tha
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, aa her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the flrst-clajis
accommodations on. most of the steajners ad-
vertised for Nome. The Paclflc Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running Its Kteamera to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 yean and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
Information Inquire of J. F". TROWT3RIDGE.
Ocean Dock, Seattle. ¦\Va*h.: J». POSTOM. M
Washington et.. Portland. Or.; W. PARRI9.
124 West Second St., Los Angeles, Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. A?ts.. 10 Market
»t. TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery St..
San Francisco. • .
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL. DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and moat
popular boat In the Alaska service,
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SA1LINO
WEDNESDAY MAT »
FROM STETTART STREET WIIARF at J
O'CLOCK P. M. SHARP.
Booking now being made for second sailing
S. 8. ZEALAXDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
Office '*"• .
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 139 Post St.
, AMERICAN LINE.
HXV TOSS. BOUT3AMPT0.1. LONDON. PAHIS.
Stopping 1 ' at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 15 a. m.
New York May 30f New York June 20
St. Paul ...June 6j St. Paul June 27
St. Louis June 13i St. Louis July 4
RED STAf* LIN-
New Yortr, orjd Arttvmn.
From New York every Wednesday, U noon.
Kensington May 30! Southwark June 20
Noordland June 6 Westernland ....June 27
FWesland June Ui Kensington July 4
tMPlRt LINE.
8 9. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. oallln«r at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS HONGKONG MARC
aa. X1U.-.U1W Thursday. June 14. 1«*>
"nIPPOn'maRU Tuesday. July 10. 1900
SS] AMERICA X^-fMZrAmt'i'**
••••¦¦••¦ y| a Honolulu.
P.ound-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freieht and passage apply at company s offlce.
41 Market street, corner First.
4.1 aiarnei »\y n AVE RY. General Agent.
COKPAOHIE 6ESERALE TIIAK3ATLA5T1QTJB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^j^
Saliln«c every Thursday Instead of <&Mjj
Saturday, from November 2, 1S9!>. at ->>*»«*•
10 a. m.. from Pi««r 42. North River, foot of
Morton «t. LA TOURAINE. May 31: LA
UBETAONE. June 7; LA LORRAINE, June 14;
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21 First class to
Havre. $60 and upward: 5 per rent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $43: S per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND CAX-
ADA, 33 Broadwar (Hudson buildlnr). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"Till S. HAVY YA^TmALLEJoT
Steamer "MoatlceUo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE .'.flc
§^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
3 625 HEAB.VT «T. Established
M in 1834 for the treatment of Private
V Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Mk disease Tearing on bodyandmlndand
Gil Skin Diseases. The doctorcnreawhfn
« others fa)). Try him. Charge* low
afure.tnarniiifrl. Callorwrlta,
Dr. 4. * , ulBlto.V, B«x lO57,S*a ftaadacu
KorTnr.ni pacific cohpait.
(rACIFH; vtbtkm.)
TiniB. Iwn i—t •»«•• «Im* (• orrlv* mt
N4N HtOti1(».
(Main Lit*. Foot of Market Street)
i.r »vc — From Mat 13, 1900. — akkiti
•TiOOa Beiricik. Buiann, Elmir*. Yacar&le.
KuuiS^X and *-acr»mento *7«O»
•7:00 » £h*»t* Erprow-DarU, WiUUms(for
Btrtlett Bprlssi), WiUows. lied
BiuH, Foruaud. # 7j45r
•7:3O» V.n- :!i,~7. S»n Uamon.VaiJejO. S»t fc.
¦ ..,-!-,-k:i"'-'>ili:»Ku» •0tl3r
*8:O«a D*tU, V. i^-i.a-id. KnictJU LfcuUiog,
MarriTilie, oroTlll-. »7s«3p
«* :'.»n» Atlantic lixprws— OgJeu aad Bast *11:45a
••:30a Saii Joc«, Lifermure. Htocktjn,
lone, .-Anrt-iKMiui. PiaecTTiUe,
Hu^>QKOUoa, i^xl RiuS *4iiar
*d:S»A < •-.kr.M~, Chinese (for Yoeemite),
B jnor». Carters. «4:15p
•9:004 H-j« ¦»? :i. .>.!¦¦« md Way HtAtloui. *1 I:Oa
•»:OOa Los Anptle* Eiprett — Martlner
Tim--.. Lutiti ;, niocktou, Merocd
and Froeno ••«45p
•9:3OA V ;¦.:;.,. 1».-tii,.i anil War Station ••:«.tp
• IO:U«« Dm CXerlaud Liinited— O»don. Den.
Ter. Uiiiahs, Chi»r> «• •OflBr
*11:00a BQos, LWoruiore, Stockton. 8acr»>
n at:.. M -iid-.u, liADford, Vtealia,
PonerviUe MilSr
•I«:<M»M IlajKar.it. Xlleakud Way Stotiont. m 9:4»e
<l:!liir .Surramrtito Him we«wi« 13:OOa
•t : o«i i H.j-war :-, Mln an<l Way Htatlona. *3l4Sr
• |-<it»r !.l r: : li.r-, San IUidou. Vaileju,
Num. Ualtctaga, Ktntt Rota *0i1Sa
•4iOOr Beuicia. Witters. «a«Aiof rJa.
Umxliand. Ki.^hle l.iDdjgg.
M.rjMi.:., Oro»I!le ". •i«s«l»a
•4:»up Nl!p«. .San Joaeaix! Stockton *?il>»r
•5:«0j>Th« O»l IJKlted— Tracr, Freeno.
liar, -rf !>". J. h»np'H for Santt Bar-
bark, Isa Acj.-'".*-* *9i«5i
*3:OOr Fresno l'awenger— Marti art, L«th-
rop. Stuck too. Merced, Berenda
(Harmond for yoeemi««), Kr»«iio.. *ia:13r
•aiSOrlfew ir\<*.vu Exprees— Hakerttield,
Mutt Uarhara, Lou A tif »'.?». l)em>
ti:g, El fan. Ken Orleknt cud
Baat 'SxtSA
•5:S»r Santa Fa Route— Atlantio Eiprna
for Mojafe an<t If—t *«t-13p
•6:«v0r P.iynrCf, Kiie* and baa Jact *7t4OA
10:*Or Vk!!»]<. 'latlSp
•0:OOr Oriental Mhi!--OfJen. CberenB*.
Omaha. Obicagu *Ht43A
•«rt>Op Ortctit&l Mail— Oeden. Deoter.
Omaua, Chioaco «4:lSr
;7:«Or Vailrjo. Port Coatt and War SU-
tlou« • joiarjr
•StQSr Oregon and Ca!'.forni» ItipreM.MAe.
rauirutii. *.',at)rvi!>, ISeilillug,
I'ort l.n.l. Pii^ft So'ii.ii ail J V.trt *»:13a
COAST HITIKIOX (Narrow Uaage).
(Foot r,f Murkvt Street.l
t?i43A hacu Cruz Eicurtion for Hanta
Cruz and Prlu«i;>a! Vf%j Statiotit !St«Sr
•8>I3* Kr»»ik.i -!.!»:. i..».>.»n .'.»¦•, fl-lt on.
Boulder Cr>-ek.ftar.taCr<izao<l Way
8lati.». •e>2t> r
tS>l9pS!«irark. <>:.t»n!!'. f;an Jo«e, Kew
Alniadet], Feltot:, Huu'der Creek,
Hanta I'm anil I'r'.ncir&l Waf
St»Uoi.« t •»:»•*
•4tl!»r Newark. «an .loie. txwCatoe -S-.a^A
a4:t3pGieDwood. Fflton. Sacf Ona cM:3«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnsi Sl» fnthC CO -rcl cf litrktt SlmUSIJj ».)—
•7:18 S00 i:-00».»t. 11:C3 «2:00 t3:03 ,
•4:C3 J5::S CtZr.m.
fitmOllUJt— foM« . BrM«w*?.— "»:00 8:00 ]0:00t.M.
112::: 'I:;: 12:53 »S:S3 14:03 •S:COr.tl.
COIST DIVISION <ttroad (.Aujel,
(Xtilrd and lownocud Sta.)
••¦!•* O«tu View. South Nan Francisco.. t«"»«F
t?:*O4 Kaii Jouc *...! V. ?> hutimn (Kew
Aliiiadvu HV li ci"1»)-i.r.ii) *I:SOr
JT:ao* Btindar Excursion f r Han Jof&
Hauta Cruz. Padfie Orot* and
Principal Way StaUoci }9:33r
•¦••«A Kan J<««. Trea l'lisw. Hauta Cru*.
Faci(:c <lro««. Tana ItM/.i. Sao
Lull Oi.iKixi, Surf, Umipoc and
1'riiicliMtl Way SuU<tn» *4:l*r
•l«i««i Ban Jiw and Way Htatlotu •»i33a
•Iliao. hauJoitr.LocGatatiandWarSUlloiit *5<3ur
1*i*Zr San Ma:-... U^dwood, Menlo Park.
Halo Alto. 8acU Clara. Kai< Jn««.
Tres Plaot. Huh Una, Saltou,
Mootprr) and I'aeiRe Orott flOiSfl*
tB:3*r San Jo» and War Kta«lot!t •"•»•»!¦
t4:l»p 8aDJoaean<irr<i>clr«l Way Ctatlont •9:43*
1i:oep.-.:,i Jo»«. Loa Gatos and Principal
Way Statioos 1O:OOa
•3:3«r iki. .iw-.i, -i l'rloclf a! Way Htatlont f^^A
*a-.z»r Ran Josfian.t W«y 8Utloni tCi'Mi*
«ll:43r San Autr and VTay 8»-atloo« ,. »?;8<>r
A for Mormnj 1* for Afternoon.
•D»i!y. . tfiuiMay *xpent«l. I -Sunday onlT
tPitur.Uy only.
• SaturrtaT arnt *¦•• '"•• '««'i.Urin4Moni1it •
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F*rry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
TROM BAH FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAiiET
AND 8A-\ RAFAEU'
WEEK DATS— 7:00. 'S^O. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.J
12:45. •!:«. 3:15. 4:16. 1:li. 6:15. 6:«0 p. m.
EXTRA THIPS— F'or Mill Valley and Saa
Ralael, en Mondays. Wedrx-aajr*, Saturd&yi
and f.uniare. at i:00 and ll:S6 p. m.
SUNDAYS-^7:00, »S:00. *9:0fl. «10:00. 11:00. ll'JO
¦I. ra.; 12:t5. 1:S0. 5:£0, *Z:iS, 6:6b. 6:00, 7:20
p. m.
:i:00 a. jsl does sot run to Saa Rafael San-
¦!«)•«.
Tn'.ne tr.artied (•) rca to San Quentln
mOM SAN RAFAEL TO KAN CTIANCISCO
V.-KEK DATS-t:3S. «C:SO, 7:50. 8:40, *10-i! il
i-a.; 12:30. !«. 2:15. '1:30. 4:;0, S:50 p. m.
TXTP.A TltlPS on Mcndays. 'VVe<lnesdai-.
cr.d eaturiays at »C:4S isl 19:20 p. ra,
SUNDAYS— «:«.. «8:&0. 'S^O. nirOOa. ra.- »12-OO
¦a.: 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30, »;:45. 6:45. 7:20. lo!20
p. ra.
Train* marked <*) rtart frcra San Qaentln.
rnOJA MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO
WHEK DATS— 6:S3. «:«. S:00. S:55, l»-»» i"
rr..: J2:S3 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 6:29 p. m.'
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
Saturdaye at 7:10 and lfl:20 p. m.
HUNPATS-C:25. S:C5. 10:05. U:1O a. ra.; ll:ii
I-23 IM. 1:45, 4:55. 6:15. ',:<*, 10:2» p. m..
TnnouoH TRAixa
!¦:",». c freek day*— Caradero and iray sta-
tiooa.
.:. p. m. Eatnrflar*— -Caraaero and way sta>
C-.15 ». n. treekfiayi <Satarda7« <xceptad>—
p«tBt Eeye» *nfl waj 1 stations.
f:Cti a, ra. Sundays— Cazadero and fray at**
!2:45 p. m. Sucflars — Point Rej-e« and way
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
?.T. • L. W. KNAPP. M.D.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.
W. Knapp, 1689 Hull bldg., Detroit, Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous otter . and the following extracts taken
' from, his dally mall show what men think of
his generosity:
"Dear Sir:— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been ; extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
• <Dear Sir:— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and viaor have • completely returned and en-
largement i» entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir:— Yours was received and I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say it is a boon -to weak
men. I am greatly improved in size. ' strength
and vigor.",, . , "
All ¦¦ correspondence Is strictly confidential
mailed in plain sealed envelope. The receiDt is
free for the asking and he wants every man to
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
MB C? V
. I. da I- Mo. 2.
I h»ve gltea personal Inspection to the worklnsr of M. I. S. T. on the human sjstera, and
must say that It entirely meets -with var professional sanction. V
D. H. LOOM 13, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CoHefa.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loop standing- Any case of Inflammation of the Blad*
der or Enlarcred Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to aa*
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of I .in potency that can be cored, and permanently restore yonthfnl rigor and
vitality. It Is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will enre anj case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remoT* en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
*.& addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotot
Alaxia, Spinal Tronble aad apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. baa been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of snff-
3-ers. It is prescribed by leading physicians allorer the conntry. It is pleasant to take and
£SE9 ESSfe ££23 £3H3 absolstsi; safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
ML. MJ9 n^ H_ lieart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease yon are nrpred to
rP B*tl l^~ BP" write to us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines yon
1$ i B EBB Bob have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
That yon may jndgre of the Talne of the Great Specific for yourself,
we will send you one large case by mall FREE, only askingr that
wn«n cured yourself you will recommend It to others. Write confidentially to oar medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Addrest M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
AD V-EKTlSEaTENTS. -
"absolute security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /^wsg^
V«jtt small nrnf n» easy
Co tftkeM RgB&
SFF If* a D-rro'ci" 111 headache. crn
SLfi GARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 3EC
Wf , MTTTHf , SiilTTnr FBR BlUOUSKESS. mmxm
GENUINE IWiver for torpid liver. OENDINB
P PILLS F0R GOHSTIPATIOH.
WBAPPFR 1 -M fm FOR SALLOW SKIN. WPAPPFR
"KAmiK j^di IrORTHECOMPLEXIOH WlMnT*
'^TZJOSTT^nD CD1<T I^EP PAPER."
SAILBOAS TBAVEL.
&. .^_-^^____ . mm— _ _^__— ... __ - S
| 1 QFFICIAL ROUTE or the jjj
I •;: California S
I • DELEGATION |
PFMW^YI - T0THE §
| PtMbYL- REPlBL , CAN §
I V AIMS A NATIONAL g!
I SHORT CONVENTION. g
;> TO BE HELD Ar v S
I 1 IWFS PHILADELPHIA g
v LSIiLUi • JUNE 19, 1900. g
» Round-Trip Tickets $88.50. g
v Eor Sleeping Car Reservations call at S
•$ 0 » Southern Pacitic Office, No. 613 Market «
3 • Street. A
§ * A. S. J. HOLT, §
«£ Pacific Coast Agent.
8 No. 30 Montgomery Street. i£
¦> I £A butcher and a professor of languages
are both retailers of tonsues.
iMniiTiiiTiiwflinrfir- ' * '
LONDON. May 25.— At the second day's
racing of the Doncaster spring meeting
to-day Richard Croker's bay colt Manhat
tan Boy, by imp. Galore-Martha Wash
ington, won the Fltzwllliams stakes with
L.. Rein* In the saddle. L. Relff, also cap
tured the Corporation stakes on Gereon. *
Croker's Colt "Wins.
¦ Every time a man tries ¦ to show off
something Is sure to go wrong.
R J Fletcher, who claims to be an ex
soldler. was "arrested yesterday for-driv
ing a horse almost to death. He hired the
animal at Peterson's stables on ¦ New
Montgomery street and gave what, pur
ported to be a check on one of the banks
as security. It is claimed that he beat and
abused the horse until it Is almost worth
lees Officer Hooper of the Society for. the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals made
the arrest. V ¦ ¦;¦....> ¦¦¦¦ ¦•
Buined a Fine Horse.
The California Northwestern Railway
wIU run an excursion to Uklah on Sunday,
May 27. The fare will be only ?2 for the
round trip. Each ticket sold guarantees a
ecat:~ "- 7. ".¦ " ' ,*""¦ '
'.A'- comfortablq s<*3t and. a quick ride
through Marin, Santa "Rosa. Russian
River and Ukiah Valleys, affording a pan
oramic view of this most picturesque sec
tion of California, will make a most de
lightful trip.
-There has not been a season since -18S0
so favorable for the growth of every
product of the soil. All plant life this
year is exceptional in Its development and
beauty.
-"As there will be more than four hours'
lay-over In Ukiah there will be ample
opportunity for drives in the surrounding
country. The livery stables will be pre
?ared to drive persons to Vichy Springs,
ndian . . Rancheria. Asylum and, Fish
Hatfchery of the California Northwestern
Railroad and other, interesting points for
a. reasonable charge.
The time of departure from Tiburon
ferry, foot of Market street, will be*8:30
a. m M and from s Ukiah on the return at 5
p. Ira; » The train both ways will be a spe
cial and will not sto^nt towns In transit.
Excursion tbUkiah.
» AmoDK the middle-weights there Is "Ap
proval, who did a fast trial 'yesterday and
made his owner think he had a chance*
lo win.' Box Is always dangerous if ho
can be got off in time to join his field
The three-year-old of the lot. which on
the Belmont stakes of yesterday would
seem to .have a chance, is Petruchio, and
with 90 pounds on his. back he ought to
fiy along. , . . .
Owing to ¦ the fondness for mud of the
Metropolitan handicap winner. Ethelbert,
and to the fine trial he went yesterday,
he is likely to be one of the strongest fa
vorite* ever, sent to the post in this evert.
Next/In ; favor, to Ethelbert probably will
come h!s gTeat rival, Jean Bereaud. . -It
will be his. . first-routing this year, but;he
has been trained to the hour and is fit to
run for his life. '¦ .- v 7 •'
Imp is the top weight, and if her owners
are right she has no chance whatever.
They have always said that she does not
like a. heavy track, and this has been
their experience when she- has been
beaten by common cattle in wet weather.
Batten is a good one and has made a
record for himself In the past and. ¦will
have some following, . for he likes the
heavy going and is speedy. Kinley Mack
ran^many a good race last year and will
do it again, and as he has had a fast
trial he will have some of tho rail birds
on him.
A Valuable Publication.
N. VT. Ayer & Son3 of Philadelphia have
just Issued their 1900 American Newspaper
Annual, containing a carefutly prepared
list of newspapers and periodical* pub
lished in the United States. Territories,
and Dominion of Canada, with valuable
information regarding their circulation.
Issue, date of establishment, political or
other distinctive features, names of edit
ors and publishers and street addresses In
cities of fifty thousand inhabitants and
upward, together with the population of
the counties and places in which the pa
pers are published. Also a list of news
papers and periodicals published In Ha
waii, Porto Rico. Cuba and the West In
dian Islands, compiled from the latest ob
tainable Information: a description of
every place In the United States and Can
ada in which a newspaper is published,
including railroad, telegraph, express and
banking facilities, and forty-six colored
railroad maps of the United States and Its
possessions. Canada and the West India
Islands. The book also gives the vote of
States and counties at the Presidential
election of 1S06 and a list of the newspa
pers of the United States and Canada ar
rcnged by counties, with a description of
each State. Territory, Province and coun
ty, giving the location, character of sur
face and soil, chief products and manu
factures, forming a valuable guide to the
judicious placing of any line of advertis
ing. There is a separate list of religious
and agricultural publications and the var
ious class publications and newspapers
published in foreign languages, omitting
those which do not Insert advertisements:
the press and editorial associations of thu
United States and Canada, with their offi
cers, etc.
Miss Bertha Chapman of Stanford Uni
versity will address the Child Study As
sociation this afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. In
the California Club rooms on the "Value
of Nature Study." The meeting Is tree
to au.
Child Study Club.
United States Internal Revenue Agent
John C. Lynch has been notified by th*
Internal Revenue Commissioner that the
Internal revenue laws will take effect In
the Hawaiian Islands at the beginning of
the first hour of June 14, 1900. Articles ex
ported free of .tax. but not reaching: Ha
waii until June 14. are subject on landing
to the tax Imposed. Special taxes are tr»
be collected for the year beginning July
1, but not for the month, of June. •
Revenue Collections in Hawaii.
Principal Bush of the Polytechnic High
School received a letter yesterday from
William Greer Harrison, referee of the
tug-of-war contests last ¦ .Tuesday. i n
which ho announced the
of the victorious L,ick team. At the same
time he awarded the Webster trophy to
the i Polytechnic team. After winning
the' championship the Lick School boys
ran away with the rope in which the
Polytechnic School anchorman was en
tangled. He was severely injured, and
it was for this conduct the team was dis
qualified. Principal Bush declines tp re
ceive the trophy on* the ground that his
team was fairly defeated. He will return
it to tho Teachers' Annuity Fund Associa
tion, to be disposed of 'as it^ officers
see fit.
Tug-of-War Team Disqualified.
Tho person*] property of several delin
quent tax payers ni prized yesterday
and room of it was putiseqtK&tly released
urKir. payment of the texes with the pen
alty and expenFep added. Those who felt
ihe iron hand of Assessor Dodge were:
Vl>y?#>rn Tub* '"omTiany. Mills building; H.
A. Brown. 12 Montgomery street: R. H. Kav
nnaurh. MS Kntk^t Mr*»t: W. MxtthoTvc. fi32
Market ftreet; F. F. Ekkw*. 134 Sutter «re«;
William Orant. K'4 Sutter «trr>*t; J. an<l E. B.
<"!<»m* l nt, 4A» Montjmmery Mreet; George F.
<>r<icn, U Fanffme street: A. Liebert, 126
K«-£rny etr**t : Mr*. Carrie Mallock. 203 Pout
ttr<>et: K. S. Ijoryea. 222 Pest *trp«?t: Georgre
R. Merrill. 2<2 Stockton «re*t; Lyman I.
Motcry. 6°4 Commercial street.
Assepsor Dodge says the seizure party
will resume its merry work to-day.
ASSESSOR'S DEPUTIES
RAID DELINQUENTS
Breaks His. Hand in the Sixth Round,
hut Gamely Fights on to
the End. :'
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., May 25.— The
twenty-round go between Kid Parker of
Denver and Jimmy Lawler of San Fran
cisco was fought to a finish to-night at
the - opera-house. There was a large
crowd.
In the sixth round Lawler broke his
hand, but stayed with Parker until the
close of the twentieth. Both men fought
at 134?i pounds. Parker was given tho
decision at the end of the fight.
Kid Bennett, a local favorite, was
knocked out in the fifth round by Kid Lee
of Victor in a six-round go.
JIMMY LAWLER LOSES :U
TO PARKER AT DENVER
A Committee Is Appointed to Extend
Aid to the Imprisoned Idaho
Miners.
At the meeting of the Labor Council last
night among the questions under discus
sion wpre the proposition of aiding the
Idaho miners now in prison and Sergeant
Crawford, who is serving thirteen years
at Alcatraz for some infraction of military
rules while on duty at the bujl-pen. A
committee, consisting of Charles Schupert,
E. Keeny and A. Sten. was appointed to
co-operate with a similar committee from
the Building Trades Council to visit" the
priFoners and expend certain suras of
money for thfir comfort.
A circular letter from the Iron Molders'
Union has been pent out asking for a 15
per cent increase In wages.
The French bakers, who had some trpu
ble with their employers, have organized
a union and have sent East for a charter
from the International Bakers' Union.
Secretary Rosenberg reported that In his
Interview with the Sacramento managers
of Welnstock. Lubln & Co. regarding or
ders given to MeyerR Brothers he had ar
ranged a conference with Meyers Brothers
regarding the. settlement of the boycott
placed on that firm, the result of which
was that the orders were withdrawn from
Meyers Brothers.
It was reported that J. O'Brien had
placed some orders with Meyers Brothers,
and also that M. Friedman had placed
orders with Simmonoit & Co.. both of
which houses are on the boycott list. - «f>.
The proprietor of a dancing school 'on
Larkin street was reported as hiring scab
•musicians. \ ,
The trouble over the Caledonian Club
picnic printing has been amicably adjust
ed.
Statistics from the. Hawaiian Islands,
rrad at the meeting, show that there are
in the islands 21 .61« Chinese. Of these 15
are doctors, merchants and traders num
ber 822. including three women: 135Q are
clerks and salesmen. IS of these women:
of mechanics there are 220,, mariners ; 15
only, fishermen 294. drivers, and team-
Fters 105. In the country, \ part from
Honolulu, there are, 36 Chinese cofTee
planter*. 98 ranchers. 718 rice planters.
two of them women: of farmers ana aKrt
culturis=ts J27S and the laborers number
10,941. There are no Chinese lawyers.
LABOR DELEGATES
DISCUSS GRIEVANCES
NEW YORK, 'May 25.— There # is every
probability £or a heavy track 'for the
Brooklyn handicap, which Is to be run at
the Gravcsend track to-morrow after
noon. In consequence- mud horses will
have the call for the big race, and it may
be that there will be some added ones by
po.«t time. The entries sent out this aft
ernoon, with the likely Jockeys, are as
follows: • •
Will Be Heavy. Ethelbert
Is Favorite.
Ov/ing to the Fact That the Track
ENTRIES FO^ THE
BROOKLYN HANDICAP
The Bonheur lodgings In Paris were In
the sixth story of a tenement house.
Here Auguste painted. Isadora modeled,
Rosalie sketched and taught her little sis
ter Juliette. The father, now that his
children were self-supporting.resumed his
painting and supervised the efforts of the
industrious family, happy in their congen
ial work. Flowers and birds beautified
the home of these Attic philosophers and
a docile sheep served as an accommodat
ing model for the entire family. Occa
sionally the strong Jpadore would carry
their four-footed friend down the six
flights to the fields below and after an
hour's grazing would carry him up again
to the roof garden. This little incident
but serves to show the happy family
spirit for which the - Bonheurs were al
ways noted. It was always a grief to
Rosalie that her brother Auguste. whom
she thought unappreciated by the art
world, should not nave received the Le
gion of Honor until two years after her
self.
At 19 her pictures were first exhibited.
Two years later, 1847. the twelve can
vases which she submitted were flanked
on either side by pictures from the brush
of Auguste Bonheur and 'his father — the
first they had ever exhibited. Henceforth
several Bonheurs were represented in
every salon catalogue, their work prov
ing the excellence of the early training
given them by their father. -
After Rosalie received the gold medal
for her "Cantal Oxen" In 1S49, her fatner
was made director of the Government art
school for girls. He did not live long to
enjoy this honor, and was succeeded by
Rosa.' who took her sister Juliette as as
sistant. The new director, quick to dis
cover talent, praised - or reproved with
equal abruptness, sent the ungif ted fly-
Ing back to more prosaic occupations, se
verely discountenanced the unnecessary
wearing of masculine attire adopted by
her enthusiastic votaries and expected
others to work as untiringly as herself.
The necessity of frequenting the great
slaughter-houses of Paris In order to
study untrammeled the, animals Immor
talized on her canvas led Rosa. Bonheur
to adopt that boyish attire which she
wore In. a modified form during the re
mainder of her life. With her hair cut
short and attired In the convenient
blouse, this younar woman used to seat
herself upon a load of hay, spread out
her paints and work away as oblivious to
the respectful admiration of drovers and
butchers as In her girlhood days she had
ing instruction in drawtng and painting.
Rosalie's aversion to school life now be
came as exasperating as it was amusing.
Truant trips to the woods and fields
alternated with keen caricatures of the
teachers, mounted on the schoolroom
walls with a putty made of chewed bread.
These spirited sketches her Instructors,
with mingled chagrin and enjoyment, af
terward gathered into a scrapbook.
Falling.so signally as a student, she was
next apprenticed at a sewing school,
where her lack of achievement confessed
pronounced deficiency. She pined so for
fresh air that she finally became III. and
in despair. M- Uonheur let the unhappy
child come ln;me. While the puzzled
father was trying to decide what to do
with Rosalie she developed such an apt
ness In handling his art materials that he
was startled into a perception of her
great possibilities. lie therefore took
great pams to teach her the rudiments ot
drawing and correct perspective, and then
sent her to the Louvre to 'copy the old
masters. Here she worked with /such
happy assiduity and complete oblivious
ness to aught but the work in hand that
the merit of her copies brought ready
purchasers.
At 17 she tramped the country over, often
hungry, drenched to the skin, but buoyed
up by the beauty of landscape or model
and her increasing ability to worthily rep
resent them. At this time she had a pref
erence for landscape painting, but s a suc
cessful picture of a goat led her to make
animal paintings her specialty. In her
youth she also evinced a decided tendency
for expressing her artistic impulse In relief
as well as in color, for some time these
twin gifts of sculpture and painting
struggled for the mastery, but color ex
pression finally won the day.
When the Prussians entered Paris in 1S71
her studio alone was unmolested by the
soldiery in compliance with the special or
der of the Crown Prince. Utterly unmind
ful of the way the world swept by her sho
worked away, sunny-tempered and gen
erous-hearted, until her seventy-seventh
year, dyinir just at the close of the cer.
tury to which she had contributed so
much that was illustrious. Rosa Bon
heur's best portraits have beon paintei
by her devoted friend. Miss Klumpke. a
younp American woman, to whom she be
queathed all her paintings, sketches and
art treasures. These portraits show tho
same alert, delicate beauty that charac
terized the aged animal painter's earlier
portraits, the same delicate hand, the
same noble mind and the same Intelligent
eye. undimmed by the strain of over
three-quarters of a century.
After Rosa Bonheur's death Miss
Klumpke. now In America, decided that it
would not be right for her to accept the
benefits accruing from her friend's gener
ous legacy and has recently announced
her Intention of selling the great artist's
effects and of dividing the proceeds
among Rosa Bonheur's nlecea and
nephews.
obliged to work himself to death, she nev
ertheless felt that he erred in trying too
hard to please the public. She therefore
decided to paint only such, pictures a3 na
ture prompted her to paint. Invariably re
fusing all orders and selling none but fin
ished work. '
Gratifying Statements of the Finan
cial Institutions Throughout
the State of California.
Several weeks ago the Bank Commis
sioners made a call upon the banks of the
Ptat** for statements of their business at
the close of banking- hours on March 31.
The interior comm?rcial banks were the
'.aft to be compiled, and annexed is the
Fiaiement. which shows a pleasing condi-
Uon of affairs:
REPOT'RCES.
Btnk praoteea Jl.T25.0J9 57 j
R*-al ei=t»t# 5,810,308 78 j
t r.lted Ptatf* bond*, miscellaneous
bonds an<l Ftocks. etc 4.S27.402 «1 I
I^ians on real estate J4.401,S7i 71 |
Iyrens on stock*, bonde and war- i
rants 2.SS2.04S 4*
I-^ans or. rth^r Fecurities 2.E?8,92S 87
I,oans on p«r«r.na! security 21.60S.S95 16
Money on hand 4.S93.437 04
I'u<» from bank* and bankers 10.iCS.179 77
Other ee?»?ts l.iX'».<62 €7
TotaJ r»scurre« ...$«S,62S.81« 66 J
LIABILITIES.
Ccpita! pa!4 in coin $I«.3Sl.K64 53 I
nwn' f-jnii 7,0T.5.fiC3 49 •
Due depCFitors 41.47I.15S IS
Dm bank* ami bankers 1,7S3.9"S 49 i
Other liabilitiM 714.S27 16
S'.atf. county <t city money 212,373 7S
1>tal liat.ilit!** $6«,«<?.S16 6<5 j
COMMERCIAL BANKS
MAKE THEIR REPORTS
fornia and Buchanan streets. After a
business meeting at which the graduates
of 1SO>1 were admitted, a delightful lunch
eon was in order. Covers were laid for
guests. During the service of an
f-Iaborate mTiu reminiscences of school
riayp were exchanged. The officers of the
alumnae ! are: Prt-sldent. .Mrs. Anita
Boole McKee, "S3; vice president. Mrs.
Grace Goodyear KJrkman, '87; secretary,
Miss Maria Louisa Lucas. 'S3; treasurer.
Miss Florence Adele Smart. '94; execu
tive committee— Mi*s Hattle G. Jackson.
'•y<; Miss Amy E. Gunn, 'S»4; Miss Miriam
Hall, '«.
The Alumnae Association
of the Irving Institute
Enjoys Its Annual
Luncheon.
The alumnae association of the Irving
Institute held a pleasant reunion yester
day afternoon at the school, corner Cali-
MET ROUND THE
FESTAL BOARD
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, presi
dent of the University of Califor
nia, fittingly closed the session of
the Teachers' Institute yesterday
with a common sense talk to the members
of the department. He was the last
speaker to address the assemblage and
his speech proved to be the piece de re
sistance of the entire session. The bril
liant scholar gave the teachers a "heart
f ¦ 1HE sessions of the San
| Francisco Public School
Teachers' Institute that
have just terminated have
promoted a broader knowledge
of ths science of education
and, to some extent, a better
understanding of methods em
ployed. It is only as questions
are stated from different
points of view and as larg-e
masses of experience are ac
cumulated that hope of avoid
ing mistakes and of making
educational practice conform
to the dictates of. common
sense can be realized. Many "
citizens are unaware of the
great strides that have been
made in perfecting a rational
theory in education and in
adapting that theory to the
young. Convocations of teach
ers such as that which has
just taken place emphasize the
fact that richly endowed
minds, disciplined by long
study and experience, are con
stantly bestowing their best
thought and energy in per
fecting the system of public
education. This is giving a
vast impetus to every plan
which is designed to exalt the
people in their moralj intel
1 ectual^and^^aterial-lifeP » ' * *
Our teachers are to be con-"
gratulated upon the fact that
educational themes were at
tractively and effectively dis
cussed, and their appreciation
was manifested in their
marked attention and respon
sive interest.
The institute was a success
and those who contributed to
instruction and entertainment
have won the grateful senti
ments of , the teachers.
B. H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Schools.
The speaker said he was opposed to lec
turing. He thought it was not only use
less but a loss of time. He said a teacher
ought to be 'right among his pupils and
by sympathy and encouragement show
them that he is interested in their prog
ress. He said the university of the future
would be changed into seminaries and la
boratories. It was his opinion that what
was paid to a class in a lecture could just
as easily be read in books. He also said
teachers must have composure and pa
tience In the schoolrooms; that they must
have faith in God and feel that he is reg
ulating things. He advised his auditors
not to go on with teaching if their diges
tion was not good. It is not safe, he said,
"Don't be afraid to teach good habits.
The habit of attention is of prime import
ance in the schoolroom. It is the teacher's
mission to stimulate attention. When I
was teaching night school in North Prov
idence I went there the first night with
the idea that I would convey information
to hungry souls. I accumulated a number
of things to tell my pupils, but I had not
been there a half hour when I discovered
that the chief function of the teacher was
to throw pupils down the stairs until such
time as the remainder thereof were at
tentive and obedient."
"I don't believe In giving a child the
reason for things. We want obedience;
we want children to do what they are
told to do. If thev don't do it, well, find
a way to make them do it. The first
thing a child needs to know is that it is a
member of society and that it must con
form to the dictates of society; that so
ciety has substance to if, that It is built
on granite. We have too many law
breakers among us who are made so by
feeble mothers and teachers, who are
made so by people who tell them things
and argue with them. Obedience is a
habit acquired by obeying: disobedience
is acquired by disobeying. It is the home
that Is to blame most of the time. I
would advise you, of course, not to tell
the scholars to do too many things. I
would not Issue any orders that from the
nature:: of.: things could not bo;. fulfilled.;
Every 'case of disobedience' dates ¦from"R
lack of ' habit. Criminals .are a kind of
an anarchist, agnostic or people who de
test to go the way of the world; they are
people who do not think about traveling
on tracks. ¦ They do not like any of these
conformities with the usages of society.
When introduced to the large audience
the State University's president was un
able to proceed with his address for sev
eral seconds because of the hearty greet
ing lie received. The teachers had listened
to his brilliant lecture on "Greece, the
Home of Greek Hlhtory," the night be
fore, and his brilliant efforts were still
fresh in their minds. When the applause
had finally subsided President Wheeler
facetiously remarked that one of the
chief qualifications of a teacher was to
go home from a teachers' Institute and
remain oneself. He said he had a number
of nostrums to deal out, but adjured his
auditors not to take any of them home
for their own consumption. He advised
the teachers not to believe what a peda
pog-ue told them until they had tried it.
He said there was no doubt that teaching
was an art that had to be acquired as Is
painting, telegraphy or stone carving. He
touched on the necessity of having willing
pupils and said the first thing that was
absolutely necessary -was to have a child
mind.
to heart" talk, which evidently struck a
responsive chord in the hearts of his
auditors, judging by the amount of ap
plause which greeted each well turned
Fentence. Professor Wheeler's address
was full of sound advice. His subject.
"The Qualifications of the Teacher," gave
him every opportunity to expatiate on the
vital needs of the educator of the rising
generation. • ' .
Incidents of the Final Session as Seen by Warren.
Resolved, That the teachers assembled in in
stitute hereby emphatically condemn the prac
ticn of handing a warrant to a friend Etand
injr in line to have it cashed ahead of Its proper
order. We recognize no essential difference
between euch act and the act of stepping into
the" line at that point, and we regard it as a
grcsi- imposition on those already In line, and
an indication of low ethical development.
Mrs. M. L. O'N'eal. principal of the La
puna Honda School, discussed "Local
History in the San Francisco Public
Schools." The paper was excellent, but
the lady's voice was not strong enough
to be heard by the whole assemblage.
Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark sang a number of
song8 which were ,?reatly enjoyed. The
institute adjourned to meet again in De
cember in conjunction with the California
State Teachers' Association.
Whereas, At the bond election held in thla
city in November, it was voted to issue bonds
for the erection of. needed new school bulld-
Ir.g?, and,
Whereas, the legality of the bond Issue has
been called into question and the matter Is
new In ,the hands of the Supreme Court t>t'the
State,; awaiting its decision; and; ' V '
Whereas.' It is ror the best educational in
terentR of the city that these new school build
ings be erected at the earliest possible date
therefore, be it
Resolved. That we. the teachers of San
Francisco. In convention assembled respect
fully request and urge the Supreme Court to
give this matter immediate attention and ren
der an early decision; and, be it
Resolved. That the City Superintendent of
Public Instruction be requested to forward a
ccpy of these resolutions to the State Supreme
Court, and also another copy to the Federation
of Improvement Clubs, with a request that
it Indorse and forward the same, with Its In
dorsement, to the State Supreme Court.
The following resolution was also
adopted:
to educate human souls unless they had
digested their meals. Souls and stomachs
do not have a relation.
In concluding he told the teachers they,
could not lift their pupils toward heaven
by dimming God's light. He appealed to
them to take hold of the good in them
and lift them up by both hands. He asked
th a m to be optimistic, eat healthful break
fasts and digest them 'and then go to
school with faith in God and the deter
mination to do their duty.
The morning session opened with a .song
by the pupils of the sixth and seventh
grades of the Everett Grammar. School
under the direction of Miss Cora Galla
gher. This was followed by a. paper, by
George M. Stratton, associate professor
of psychology, acting head of the depart
ment of the University of California, on
"Imitation and Growth of the Individ
ual." Professor Stratton spoke at length
on the subject of imitation and its influ
ence upon the pupils. He gave the teach
ers sound advice as to how they should
make use of the power which they pos
ses^ to set a pattern for those whom they
were engaged in teaching.
.Robert Lloyd followed and sang popular
selections. "The Use of Music in the Pub
lic Schools" was discussed by Frederick
Hurk, principal of the State Normal
School. After naively admitting that he
never sang a note in his life the speaker
said music was not a luxury, because If
it was it would be wiped out of the
schools. "Music." he said, "should be
; used for the inculcation of patriotism, re
ligion and love in the hearts of the chil
dren. .The way to do this la to teach
the pupils a great number of melodies.
Only one pupil out of twenty should be
trained to be a musician for music's sake
; Let them hear lots of music— plenty of it
— and fifteen or twenty times a day."
When the applause had subsided a recess
was taken for live minutes. Upon recon
vening Chairman Webster read the fol
lowing resolution, which after some de
bate was adopted:
The year after Rosa Bonheur received
the gold medal her "Plowing In Nlver
nals" and "Haymaking in Auvergne"mado
a furor which reached its climax in 1*53.
when the artist, then in her thirty-first
year, completed the celebrated "Hors©
Fair." This picture was painted on tho
largest canvas ever undertaken by any
animal painter. It took eighteen months
to paint and necessitated biweekly visits
to the horse markets. A pet horse put
his foot through the canvas and thus de
layed for some months the completion of
the picture. The English love of horses
caused Englishmen to greet this picture
with an enthusiasm which soon spread
to America. A. T. Stewart then bought
the "Horse Fair" of its English purchaser
and it now hangs In the Metropolitan Mu
seum in New York. When Landseer. whi>
admired the artist even more than her
canvases, first saw the "Horse Fair" ha
said: "It surpasses me, though it's a little
hard to be beaten by a woman." After
viewing this picture the Paris Salon ex
empted thenceforth all the work of Rosa
Bonheur from examination by the Jury of
admission. Napoleon III shared the pop
ular enthusiasm over the "Horse Fair."
but hesitated to violate the conventionali
ties by conferring tho medal of the Lesion
of Honor for the first time upon a woman.
So Eugenie, careless of Imperiling her
popularity and determined that honors
should be bestowed where most deserved,
drove informally to the fine old
place near Fontainebleau ar.d pinned the
medal upon her working blouse.
Utterly unaffected by the highest honors
which could be. showered upon her Rosa
Bonheur worked as Industriously as ever
In the seclusion of her forest home. She
said that while she believed that her fa
ther would have become one of the great
masters of painting had he not been,
been to the thronging tourists in the
Louvre. The oddity of her practical at
tire never brought any indignity upon
her. though many and comical were the
predicaments into which It brought her.
All of these she took in good part, put
ting her shoulder to the wheel when por
ters, mistaking her for one of their class,
asked her assistance, and passing off
with &. Joke their slighting remarks about
her weak muscles.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
This successful thinker inherited her ar
tistic Impulse from father and mother, both
of whom possessed Just enough skill to
make a painful living through their teach
ing rather than through their handiwork.
When Rosalie, the oldest child, was but 7
years old her overworked young mother
died. Then Raymond Bonheur brought
his four motherless children to Paris,
where he paid for their schooling by giv-
The alert biographer, searching for some
adequate expression of the source and
method of Rosa Bonheui's art, nowhere
finds a clearer statement of It than In
that artist's own words: "I have studied
art," she writes to a friend, "since I was
10 years old. I have copied no master
and expressed to the best of my ability
the ideas and feelings with which she has
inspired me. Art la an absorbent, a ty
rant. It demands heart, brain, soul, body,
the entireness of the votary. Nothing
less will win its highest favor. I wed art.
It is my husband, my world, my life
dream, the air I breathe. I know nothing
else, feel nothing else, think nothing
else. My soul finds in it the most com-
Slete satisfaction. • • • I only seek t<r
e known by my works. If the world feel
and understand this I have succeeded.
• • • If I had got up a convention to de
bate the question of my ability to paint
the 'Horse Fair,' for which England paid
me 40,000 francs, the decision would nave
been against me. I felt the power within
me to paint; I cultivated It and have pro
duced works that have won the favorable
verdicts of great judges. I have no pa
tience with women who ask permission to
think." .
While -Mme. Le Brun. In her eighty
seventh year, was putting the finishing
touches to the pictures which crowned the
close of her life there was working around
the abattoirs of Paris a boyishly clad
young woman destined, to rank with the
lirst artists of her century.
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
XV. ROSA BONHETJR.
(1822-1839.)
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Olive RiflTl. 2215 Sacramento street, tes
t .:ir-d ; that she was the paid secretary of
the dub and handed over all- the money
ph» r»r«»iv«»d to Mrs. Bradley. Lewis C
Miller. 222 Fifth street, a stockholder, was
und<=-r examination when the case was
continued sill June 1. to enable the books
of the ciub to be produced in court.
The money was to be deposited in the
Columbian Bank as treasurer. When the
day of reckoning came it was alleged that
inetesd of $T«K> feting on deposit In the bank
there was only about $3!K>. Out of the 25,
000 shares n.HOO had been taken up, but
s^me of them were not fully paid up.
There were a number of" women stock
holder? in court yesterday v.'h*»n the case
was called. They were very bitter against
Mrs. Bradley. "Mrs. Mabel B. Andrus.
manappr of the Oakland branch of the
<"!ub. who resides at 14 ;| S Tenth street. Oak.
Jand. claimed that she had paid for SXXi
; Ethel M. Stewart, 21 De Long
avenue, paid for 608 pharos. Others were
more or less out ot pocket. Some of them
got positions, but th*»v did rot last long.
Herbert Wentworth. the complaining
witness, who resides et Ellis street,
testified that ho was manager of the
men's department. He had purchased 2003
shares. Mrs. Bradley, although not of
ficially appointed treasurer of the board
of directors, assumed that office and was
purposed to deposit the money in the Co
lumbian Bank. There was a deficit of
about $39rt. but he admitted that no de
mand had b^en made upon Mrs. Bradley
tor the deficiency.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Elfeda Bradley, president and business
manager of the Woman's Business Club,
?37 Market etreet, was commenced yester
day before Jud^e Cabanlss. She is accused
in the complaint of embezzling about $39-}.
Th<» club was Incorporated last Febru
ary en the co-operative principle. Through
advertisements in the papers a number of
women and a few men were Induced to
call at the office. It was explained to
them, by Mrs. Bradley that there were
25.000 shares, <?ach of the value of 10 cents.
Every applicant for a position was re
quired to take shares, when a position
was procured for them they would con
tribute 10 per cent for office situations,
fjch as stenographers and typewriters,
and 5 per cent for domestic positions. Sev
eral ct The applicants pot positions in Mrs.
Bradley's office.
The Club Was Worked- on the Em
ployment Co-operative Principle,
but the Stockholders Got
No Returns.
President and Manager Are
Charged With Felony
Embezzlement
AFFAIRS OF A
WOMAN'S CLUB
ii A GAD WAY
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
NEW YORK. May 25.— To-day Columbia
field (was crowded with the finest lot of
athletes ever seen together. ¦•.No. gooo.
times were made. owing to the slow track
and also the fact that. the competitors
work to-day was to simply qualify for
the finals, which take place to-morrow.
In nearly every event tne winner loafed
in the finish. Kraenzlein, Pennsylvania's
star was in excellent condition and did
not have to exert himself in any of his
events. Irr^an inferview^ with Christy.
Princeton's trainer, he said:
"Kraenzlein is in excellent condition,
but I am afraid he will collapse to-mor
row He has entered in too many events."
Wilbur J. Duffy. Georgetown's crack
sprinter, did. not compete, as Princeton's
protest against him was sustained by. tho
executive committee of ttte Intercolleglatb
Association. This leaves Jarvis of Prince
ton the strongest man in the hundred.
Hutchinson did not enter to-day, owing to
the unwillingness of the baseball man
agement to release him from, playing his
role as third baseman in the game with
Harvard to-morrow. Cloudman, from
awav ud in Brunswick, Me., will nave a
loort chancVto win the 220 yards/ He is
aperfect giant. He is 6 feet 2 inches tall
and weighs 200 pounds when in condition.
The- winner of the quarter-mile It is
difficult to prophesy. I»ng of Columbia,
Clerk of Harvard and Boardman of Yale
all showed up well.
In the half-mile Cregan. Princeton's
popular captain, simply played with his
men and won easily. Grant of Pennsyl
vania also ran a fine race. It looks as if
the Tigers will win this event handily.
Cregan- has also more than an' even
chance to win the mile.
¦ Kraenzlein is entered in the broad jump,
100 yards and both hurdles. His hardest
race will be the 100, which he will prob
ably lose to Jarvis. He should win both
hurdles and the broad jump.
The shot-put and the hammer-throw
will be events in which California will
score a few points. Plaw and Woolsey
will most likely be accredited with third
and fourth places in the shot-put. Plaw
will win the hammer-throw easily. Five
minutes before the competition began to
day he was warming up and tossed the
missile 168 feet. If he can do this to-mor
row he will", break the world's record, '
BY" f\. m. WALSH,
Probable Chance in Finals Against
Twenty-Eight Other Colleges
Represented.
BERKELEY* TEAM MAY
SECURE FIFTH PLACE
Third' heat — Won by A. C. Kraenzlein, Penn
sylvania- second, C. W. Wilson, Cornell. Time,
:16 3-5.
Fourth heat— Won by W. P. Remington,
Pennsylvania; second, W. B. Fincke, Yale.
Time, :16 3-5..
In putting the shot F. Beck of Yale estab
lished a new Intercollegiate record with a put
of 44 feet 3 inches. The former holder of the
record was J. C. McCracken of Pennsylvania,
who had 43 feet &Vi Inches to his credit.
• Quarter-mile run, first heat— Won by W. E.
Drumheller, Pennsylvania: second, M. Wt
Long. Columbia. Time, :51 3-5.
Second heat— Won by W. O. Clerk, Harvard;
second, S. Metzger, Pennsylvania. Time,
Third heat— Won by. J. J. Moynahan, Holy
Cross ; second, D. Boardman,'- Yale.. -Time,
Pole' vault— Trial heat, the bar being placed
at 30 feet 6 Inches. The ; following men qual
ified: E. A. Klnaey, Cornell; A. W. Coleman,
Princeton; D. S. Horton, Princeton; B. John
son. Yale, and W. Adrlance, Yale.
220-yard hurdle; trial heats— First heat:
by R Woolsey. California: second, J. W. Hal
1-iwell. Harvard. Time. :26 3-5
;?.»cond heat: Won by J. G. Willis, Harvard;
second. H. Wheeler. Princeton. Time. :26.
Third heat: Won by A. C. Kraenzlein, Penn
sylvania; second, E. S. Tuttle, Brown. Time,
"Fourth heat: * Won by W. P. Remington,
Pennsylvania; second, C. W. Wilson, Cornell.
220-ya'rd ruii— First heat: Won by J. K. Mul
ligan. Georgetown; second, A. Cadogan, Cal-
Second heat:' Won by D. R. Boardman, Yale;
second J. E. Halgh, Harvard. Time, :22 3-5.
Third heat: Won by M. W. Long. Columbia;
second, R. A. Waite, Syracuse. Time, :23.
Fourth heat: Won by E. W. Jarvis. Prince
ton- second. W. G. Clerk, Harvard. Time, :23.
Fifth heat: Won by I. Richards, Yale; sec
ond W. G. Warren, Cornell. Time. :23.
Sixth heat: Won by H. H. Cloudman, Bow
doin: second, W. D. Young, Cornell. Time,
:H 4-5.
Kunning broad Jump— The following five men
qualified for the final: A. C. Kraenzlein, 22
feet lO 1^ Inches; M. Prinzatein, Syracuse, 22
feet 714 inches; W. 1'. Remington, Pennsyl
vania. IS feet; J. H. Steirk. Harvard. 21 feet
0>i inches; C. W. Brown, Brown, 21 feet 2
inches. , .
220-yard run, trials for second men in first
trial heats, the winners to take part in the
semi-finals: j ' •
First heat won by J. E. Halgh, Harvard.
Time, :22 2-5.
Socon.i hoat won by R. A. %Valte, Syracuse.
High jump— The following five men qualified,
clearing 5 feet 9 inches, and they will com
pete In the finals to-morrow: AS N. Rice, Har
vard; C. M. Rotch. Harvard: S. S. Jones.
New York University: N. C. Carroll, Princeton,
and G. P..Servlss. Princeton.
Throwing "the hammer— The following men
qualified: Plaw, California, 154 feet 4H inches;
Hare. Pennsylvania. 13S feet 3V£ inches; Mc-
Cracken, Pennsylvania, 138 feet 14 inches;
Boat Harvard, 129 feet 9'4 inches; Boynton.
Cornell, 128 feet 2»z Inches. v
Second heat— Won by II. P. Smith. Yale; sec
ond. M. Grant, Pennsylvania: third, J. M.
Perry. Princeton. Time, 2:16 1-5.
120-yard hurdle race, first heat— Won by W.
F. Lewis, Syracuse; second, J. W. Hallowell,
Harvard. Time. :16 2-5.
Second heat— Won by P. H. Potter, Williams;
second. H. W. Wheeler. Princeton; third, T.
Hamlin. California. Time. :16 3-5.
Third heat— Won by A. C. Kraenzlein. Penn
sylvania; second, E. S. MatthewBon. Cornell.
Time, :10 2-5.
Fourth heat— Won by F. W. Jarvis, Prince
ton; second. C. Colt, Cornell. Time, :10 3-5.
Putting the shot, trial heat— F. Beck, Yale,
distance 44 feet 3 inches; J. C. McCracken.
Pennsylvania, 42 feet l\ inches; A. Plaw, Cali
fornia, 40 feet 104 inches; R. Woolsey. Cali
fornia, 30 feet TH inches; I. G. Melendy, Brown,
3S feet 1 inch; L.. E. J. Fourbach. College City
of New York. 34 feet 9*i Inches.
Half-mile run, first heat— Won by J. F. Cre
gan, Princeton; second, II. K. Hastings, Cor
nell; third, J M. Scraftor, Syracuse. Time.
2:03 2-5.
100-yard -run, trial heats, first heat— Won by
T. B. JtcClaln, Pennsylvania; second, J. E.
HalKh, Harvard; third, E. S. Tuttle, Brown.
Time. :10 2-5.
Second heat — Won by Meyer Prinzstein, Syra
cuse; second, C. D. Young; Cornell. Tune,
:10 3-5.
made by the heavy-weight division, and
one of them for a short time was dis
puted. In the shot put F. Beck of Yale
created a new Intercollegiate record of
44 feet 3 inches, the best previous one be
ing held by J. C. McCracken of Penn
sylvania, whose throw was 43 feet S%
inches, which he made last year. In the
hammer throwing contest A. Plaw of
California took the honors by throwing
the missile 154 feet 4Vz inches, which beat
the previous record, held by J. C. Mc-
Cracken - of Pennsylvania, by several
feet, and the collegiate record, also held
by McCracken, by 9»£ inches. Following
Is a summary of the events:
NEW" YORK, May 25.— The intercolle
piate ' amateur athletic championship
games were begun to-day on" Columbia
Field before a meager crowd of specta.
tors and under weather conditions which
were anything but promising for a good
afternoon's sport. The cinder track was
soggy and fully two-fifths of a second
slow, and the infield was practically a
quagmire. Pennsylvania gathered in
enough' positions this afternoon to war
rant a prediction of victory for the red
and blue striped athletes to-morrow.
Their supremacy can be attributed to the
prowess of A. C. Kraenzlein, who quali
fied in four events to-day and has a big
possibility ot scoring first honors in the
tlnals of three out of five of these events.
Two intercollegiate records were bro
ken in the trials, and it is possible that
with good weather and a dry track othei
records may be broken to-morrow. The
records that were broken" to-day were
California Athlete Wins Further
Honors at the Intercollegiate
Championship Games on
Columbia Field.
ThTows Hammer One Hun
dred and. Fifty-Four Feet
Four and a Half Inches.
RLAW SETS A
NEW RECORD FOR
pni i rpisTro
1 cAljnbKj ifNo 1 1 1 U 1 c A
VERY BRILLIANT SUCGES:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26/ 1900.
9
ROSA BONHEUIt.
HOUSE. , Jockey. |Wt.
Imp Clawson I 12$
Jean Bereaud .'. Turner ,:.: 127
Ethclbert Msher ;.. 127
Batten ' Winkfield- :..„ 124
Klnley Mack ........'.- McCue ......: 122
Prince McClurg 118
Box ....'O'Connor ...' 118
Raffaqlo 'Jenkins 113
Ixrthario Shaw ............... 107
The Kentucklan .'...... 107
I^itson .....luuipfleld .......... 103
Walt Not i. .'...*...'.'.. JBurns - :... 103
Survivor ; Bullman 100
Knight of the Garter... ! J. Slack 100
Herbert : v [MltcheU 88
Strathcona ..'. i. .'.' ¦..:..'.,: vHenry S3
Petruchlo .;.....'..'...;.„ lUaush : 90
Approval .:....... .1:.... 'Spencer ............ 89
HOUSE. , Jockey. |Wt.
Imp Clawson I 12$
Jean Bereaud .'. Turner ,:.: 127
Ethclbert Msher ;.. 127
Batten ' Winkfield- :..„ 124
Klnley Mack ........'.- McCue ......: 122
Prince McClurg 118
Box ....'O'Connor ...' 118
Raffaqlo 'Jenkins 113
Ixrthario Shaw ............... 107
The Kentucklan .'...... 107
I^itson .....luuipfleld .......... 103
Walt Not i. .'...*...'.'.. JBurns - :... 103
Survivor ; Bullman 100
Knight of the Garter... ! J. Slack 100
Herbert : v [MltcheU 88
Strathcona ..'. i. .'.' ¦..:..'.,: vHenry S3
Petruchlo .;.....'..'...;.„ lUaush : 90
Approval .:....... .1:.... 'Spencer ............ 89
POSTUM CEREAL.
SIGNS OF PARALYSIS
Can Be Discovered in Time.
"Numbness of the hands and arms,
with premonitions of paralysis, kept by
me while I was using coffee. I finally
discovered it was caused by coffee;
when I quit the coffee and began drink-
ing Postum Food Coffee the numbness
ceased entirely and I have been very
well ever since. At that time I -was un-
able to sleep, but now I sleep perfectly.
"Husband was also troubled frofn
lark of sleep while he was drinking
coffee, but now he uses Postum Food
Coffee with me. and we both sleep per-
fectly. Our little boy had peculiar ner-
vous* spells and I stopped the use of
• offee with him and have been giving
him all the Postum Food he cared for.
He is perfectly well now.
"My sister was troubled with nervous
headaches while she u?ed coffee. She
found how greatly improved we were
from discontinuing it and using Postum
Food Coffee, so she made the change
end is bow. rid of her nervous head-
aches, We are naturally strong advo-
cates of Postum." Mrs. J. Walford,
Ca»taUa, Erie Co.. Ohio.Bradstreet's on Trade.
Conttnued on Page Thirteen.
; NEW YORK. May 25.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Trade is. If anything, quieter
and prices are lower than a week ago, while
efforts toward i a readjustment j of j productive
capacity to present conditions are noted in
several lines of Industry. • notably iron and
steel and lumber. Unsettled conditions In the
cotton trade . and a large failure, due malnly
to overstaying the bull side of this staple, has
tended to weaken quotations in several lines
of speculative business. Rather better cron
reports and the backward demand for cotton
goods are of course portly responsible for the
shp.rp break., but statistically the staple re
mains very strong. Crop, reports are aa a
whole good except for wheat. As regards the
latter It may be said that ln the Northwest
some much-needed rains have fallen, but the
claim Is made that more moisture 13 needed"
Winter wheat prospects in the Southwest re
main good, but foreign Inquiry lias been on
a reduced scale. Practically the entire corn
crop has been planted under ' favorable con
(lltijnn and reports from the " oat* . crop are
likewise good, but a slight shading of quota
tions, due to backward export businec 8 Is to
be reported for these . cereals. Hog products
are also lower and. the same is true of choose
petroleum, .' hides and leather, , copper i and "a
number of Iron and steel products. Perhaps
for the most ' favorable report ' of the week as
to distributive trade comes from the. 1 grocery
business. In which the sharp advance ¦ ln re-
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6 £id ef stock.- ' Cgrt-r
4SS Atchlison ,-V
n,MI Atchlnon r'refd £|v
2.U6 Baltimore &- Ohio.... £g
Canadian Pacific V.V.V. ' ?4
Canada Southern '" r«
*r,r> Oie Fa peak« & Ohio .'..." »7»;
R10 Chicago c rent Wenern.........'. J2H
1 -J12 ££! raBO ' nur l!n*t°n &.Quincy..... "125T4
100 Chlcaso. In<i & Louisville......... 23
Chlcaco. Ind A Louisville prefd. 52
•'""" Chicago & Eastern Illinois [102
100 Chicago & Northwmern IC'U
i£2, Z&ft £&£*»?.* Paclflc «•
700 Colorado Southern JI.'IIIIIIII 6#
NEW TORK. May 25.— The stock market
wa? intensely dull to-day. There was no ap
preciable outside demand end professional
traders preferred to hold aloof pending more
definite o>v<-!epDwnts regarding the affairs of
Price. McCormick & Co.. whoce failure was
announced yesterday. There were not many
trarifartior* un<W the rule on the exchange
to-day for the firm's account, but there w#>re
indications of large transactions in accordance
with private settlement*. Thus In the earlv
<Jealin*« there wi. * «n«. o f a 3000-share block
</f Atchison preferred, the same house bclne
both the buyer and the seller. There T f .s also
a report current that large reparchai.es wer.>
ma-le for Chicago account of block* of Mo'-ks
Bold yesterday for the failed firm. The Atciii
pon transaction vet, explained as helng^a mere
transfer of an account. These operations 4oubt
lws rppnwntM the rrogrets cf a settlement
cf the firm's affairs. The prices at which they
were made Indicated thai th« buying of the
rtocks was Intended to be about at last night's
cloFing prices. The fact that euch settlement
could b« iwcured helped to Kuntaln th* market
and prlc*« ruled for the greater part of the
day at or above last night's level in «>piti> of
the almost stagnant condition of the market
Later ln the day the curtaining Influence was
less effective and prices generally declined be
low lart night's level. At the rant time the
rumors wej-e <1! *oem1r.ated that other houses
*-rr* in financial difficulty, but nothing de
veloped IWore the clcse to warrant Ui*5e
rurr.ors. The undertone of the market was
rather depressed in spite of the support. The
extent of the failure affected sentiment ad
versely and the collapse in cotton was looked
to as materially altering the prospects of the
cotton section owing to the d»creased price
of the article. It was pointed out that the
invariable result cf tnith efforts to establlj-h
abnormally high prices ls a relapse to ab
normally low prices. The disposition mani
fested in Liverpool to extend the bear move
ment ln cotton instead of turning the buying
tide at the decline disappointed some ex
pectation. The prospm of a large Increase
ln the cayh reserves of the hanks in to-mor
row s bank statement seemed to Increase rather
than relieve depresrlcn. In rplte of the racier
money rates abroad there was no disposition
to Imy American Mocks to-day.
The bond market continue* dull and the
changes in price rmall and mixed. Total
sales, par value, fl.310.000.
..« rnit T <1 ,f ?ta - f '" "-'"ndl"* 2s. when Issued, ad-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 25.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
May 24, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— ' Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $922,604,752 .... 28.2
Boston 110,163.917 16.5
Chicago 125.S45.223 2.0
Philadelphia 92.378.52S 11.8
St Louis 30,381,830 5.5
Pittsburg 32.559,052 10. S
Baltimore 18.121.380 .... 22.7
San Francisco 1S.4SS.S51 11.9
Cincinnati 13.942,500
Kansas City 14.353.438 15.5
New Orleans 8.216.S49 22.4
j Minneapolis S.938.673 .-... .G
I Detroit 7,960.364 ....
I Cleveland 10.199,497 11.2
I Louisville 7.4C2.032 .... 1.1
Providence 6.333.SH) 13.4
Milwaukee 5.JP7.4S1 3.0
I St. Paul 4,868.4o8 21.9
I Buffalo 4.S26.159 14.9
' Omaha C4C4.S62 54.0 ....
i Indianapolis 6.145.1S3 4 24.4 ....
i Columbus. 0 5.355.900 * 6.6 ....
i Savannah 2.833.C61 43.5 ....
Denver t 3,733,766 27.3
Hartford 1.9J4.0S9 .... 9.9
Richmond 3,408.502 24.2
Memphis 2.065,741 20.4 ....
' Washington 2.41&.C42 3.3
I Peoria 1.724.SS3 10.1
I Rochester 1.SCS.175 9.3
New Haven 1.29S.36S .... 8.2
Worcester 1.222.091 .... 20.8
Atlanta 1.294. 505 1.2
Salt Lake City 2.17C.265 9.2
Springfield. Mass 1.170,474 .... 27.9
Fort Worth L 925, 052 20.9
Portland. Me SS5.634 .... 32.1
Portland. Or 2.7SG.46S 12.7
St. Joseph 4.620,679 33.6 ....
Los Angeles 2.6OO.OS1 57.4 ....
Norfolk 1,187,443 10.6 ....
Syracuse 1.051.201 2.2 ....
Des Moines l,iS4,0:.l 22.3
Nashville 1.22S.5C8 8.9
I Wilmington. Del 877.5iy 16.4
i Fall River 733.511 24.3
j Scranton 1,207,424 1.0 ....
I Grand Rapids 1,2SS.658 17.3
Augusta, Ga 630.092 1S.1 ....
Lowell 556,178 .... . 1S.J
Dsyton, 0 999.016 3.6
Seattle 2.4C3.192 16.7
Tacoma 1,120.575 34.9 ....
Spokane 1.116.23S .... 14.9
Sioux City 1,211,083 37.4 ....
New Bedford 320.067 24.1
Knoxville, Tenn C14.4S3 .... 25.1
Topeka 721. hZ9 6.4- .;..
I Birmingham 777,124 8.9 ....
i Wtchita 407.21S 10.7
! Blnghamton 34".,400 5.5 ....
j Lexington. Ky 334. 12S 4.4 ....
! Jacksonville. Fla 232,419 ....
! Kalamazoo 330,304 10. 0 ....
j Akron 4.i9.9OO 20.1 ....
Chattanooga 437.812 5.5 ....
I Rockford. Ill 408,878
! Canton. 0 267,900 17.1
I Springfield. 0 26G.035 26.7
i Fargo, N. D 212. 06S 11.2
1 Sioux Fall*, S. D.... 129,574 1.5
Hastings, Nebr 176,131 4o.4
; Fremont, Nebr 134.731 22.7
Davenport 842.204 13.4
Toledo 1.7G6.65O S.6
Galveston 5,250.000 9.8 ....
Houston 5,n;s,6fi8 7.4
Kvansville 781,141 . .
Springfield. Ill 37ft,207 .... 4.3
Saginaw 32S.592 21.0
Little Rock 427,167 37 7
Helena. Mont 601,756 . 4*i
Ycungstown 230,639 .... 24^2
Totals. U. S $1,524,704,071 .... Is!
Totals outside of
New York 602.099,319 1.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $31,518,702 .... t;
Toronto 7.S61.681 1.8
Winnipeg 1,766.931 24.2
Halifax 934.088 5 8
Hamilton 613.110 .... *9'6
St. John. N. B E72.103 12 3
Victoria 732,599 4 •> """
Vancouver 710,014 63 '.4 '...'.
Totals $24,799,148 7TTI ~Tti
XEW YORK. May 23.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Speculation continues to be very
restrictive ln character, public Interest in the
market being small, while transactions are
principally the result of professional traders'
activity. This has, however, beeo an Interest-
Ing though disappointing week for Wall street
and Involved one serious disaster ln Stock Ex
change circles. It began with more or le"'s
renewal of bullish feeling on the part of the
speculative community, caused by the an
nouncement that the New York gas war had
been brought to an end. also by the news that
Secretary Gage has called the $25,500,000 of ex
tended 2 per cent Government bonds for re
demption, thereby tending to prevent any un
due accumulations in the treasury. Last'Sat
urday the advances were general and on Mon
day the market opened with a further display
of strength, which, however, did not continue
as there seemed to be a decided disposition to
take profits. Prices accordingly receded ir
regularly, though bullish manifestations were
kept up more or less ln special stocks like
Sugar. Tobacco. Atchlson preferred or Vorth
em Pacific, and the market, while dull, was
not a weak one. London operations ln our
market were mixed and at one time exag
gerated reports about the presence of the
bubonic plague at San Francisco created a
disposition to liquidation of American stocks
in the foreign markets. Some attention was
paid fo the crop situation, and although re
port* of drought In the Northwest were heard
the general situation was favorable to the
granger railroad prospects. The decline of for
eign exchange and the lowering of the Bank
?, f I AS an<1 . J rate r, rende red the shipment of
S1.2-jO.ooo gold to Paris on Thursday a matter
of little consequence to the street. In fact the
end of the gold movement ls generally con
sidered at hand. The only other Incident of
general importance was the failure of Price
McCormick & Co. It had the effect of renewed
liquidation a^id weakness In securities the
whole Hat on Thursday selling oft to a ce'rtaln
extent. ¦¦&:'2T
Beans and Seeds.
There is no life to anything under this head,
and quotations are largely nominal.
¦ BEANS— Baj-os. $3® 3 20; small White. $3 25£
The situation remains as previously reported
MIDDLINGS— J17S2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, ' J1S@17 pe r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 126027; Jobbing
J27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake. $20621; Cora Meal
$23; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed Sis sn
$25; Cracked Corn. $23 50; Mixed Feed. "$15 50
HAY — Wheat, $7@» for common to good $3*30
©10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, S74T9-' Oir
J6SS; Barley. $5@7: Alfalfa, *3#7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, |4 50@5 GO; Wheat
$6©7 per ton. . -
STRAW— 25®37Hc per bale.
Hay and Feeds tuffs!
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4<>#3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@8 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows., usual discount to the trade:. Graham
Flour. J2 75 per 10O lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75- Rve"
Meal. »2 60; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, 'ti ! 50-
Oat Groats. 14 50; Hominy, S3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat 13 23-
Farina* $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3; Rolfed'
Oats (barrels). $Gfj7 25; ln sacks. |J 75@7- Pearl
Barley. *5; Split Peas. $S; Green Peas, *5 50 pei
100 lbs.
Flour and Mil Is tuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales
Informal Session— 3:15 o'cylock— December—
2000 ctls, 70>4c
Second ' Session— December— 6000 ctls, 70c; 6000
70Hc. . -
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Business is dull and prices show no
change.
White. $1 IOiSI 30; Red.' Jl@l 20; Gray. « 07%
®1 15: Black. $1®1 07H. ' **
CORN— Eastern Eastern large Yellow 11 13a
1 20 per ctl; Eastern White, Jl@i 10 per ctl
RYE— 95@97%c per ctl, V '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 20
000 ctls, 99Hc. '"
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, S3V4c; 12,-
Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
Afternoon Se'sslon — December — 34,000 ctls
99'4c; 56.000. 99 Vic. . '
BARLEY— Prices are a fraction lower again
and tne market ls very dull. .. ...
Feed, 70@71Vic for No. 1 and 65@67>4c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades 75ftiS0c-
Chevalier, nominal. . . "
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris opened firmer,
but closed weaker.
Chicago was firm, with a good Inquiry, but
few sellers. The advance was caused by re
ported crop damage. Broomhall cabled that the
German Rye crop was in bad shape, and that
Rye was now higher than Wheat in that coun-
In the local market futures declined, but BDOt
quotations were undisturbed. • ¦
_Spot Wheat-Shipping, 9O@91Uc; milling. 93%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... {4 gjiu
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gs & i
Sterling Cables — 4591;
New York Exchange, sight — i->iZ
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60H
Mexican Dollars <s% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Mornlnj Session.
Board—
1 13 Cal Safe Deposit 105 po
50 Contra Costa Water 71 r>
30 Giant Powder Con 83 <y>
5 Giant Powder Con g| gTH
10 Giant Powder Con 83 i->i_
5 Giant Powder Con $5 25
50 Hana Plantation Co .... 7 7",
% 60 Market-st Railway «2 £0
30 Pacific Gas Imo Co 43 50
10 S F Ga» & Electric Co 46 73
$20CO S F & S J V bonds ... . 12Q 23
Street— "" "" ""* ~
60 Equitable Gas 2 CY2
Afternoon Session.
Board
so Giant Powder Con $3 50
10 Giant Powder Con 85 00
lo Giant Powder Con 85-5
J5 S lant Pow der Con $5 00
ICO Oceanic S S Co, b 5 . . 93 no
130 Onomea Sugar Co . "" *7 75
5 Pacific Gas Imo Co '.'.'.'.'.'. 4323
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnj Session.
Board—
300 Caribou 15
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 15—8 p m.
Bld.Ask Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eault G h Co. 2H 2%
4s quar coup.. 113 116VL Mutual El Co. 91* 11
4s do reg 115 118U O G L & H.... - 4t>
4s do cp new..l34H135 Pac Gas Imp.. 4.*»i —
3s do coupon.. 100 l all0 Pac L Co 43 44
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 46 47
Cal-st Cab 1S..1WH— San Francisco. 4H i%,
C C Water 63.108% — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 8s..l28'* — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 116 — Firem's Fund.227Vi —
Geary-st R 5s. — 199 Bank Stocks—
11 C & 3 5^3.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 83 Br^
D 0 5 S IPS — Bank of Cal. ..410 —
L A Ry 5s 104 104^ Cal S D & T..10J%108
L A L Co 6s... — — First National. — 290
Do rntd 89.. — — Lon P & A....132H —
Do gntd 5s.. 100 — Merchants" Ex 15 —
L A & P R 59.102H — N«v Nat Bank — —
Market-st 6s.. .127 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M os.11314— Ger S & L...1SSO _
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L,.. — _
N R of Cal 63. — 116*4 Mut Sav Bnk.. 45U —
Do 5s 117 — S F Sav U 503 —
JJ P C R R Ss.lOlHlOZ 1 * Sav & L So 74 75
Do 5s 108 10SH Sec Sav Bk... — _
N Cal R R 6s. 113 — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s... 117^120 California 121V.123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 ' —
Oceanic S Co.. 107 107H Market-st Ry.. 82U «2\i
Om C Ry 6s. ..IIS — O S L & H — ait
P & Cl Ry 68.103 — Presidio is _
P A O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ISO 170
Sac L & G R5» — — Giant Con Co. 84*4 83
S F A. SJV 59.120 — Vigorit 2% 514
H Ry of Cal 6».lHVi — Sugar Stock»— ,
S P of A «$.... - U4H'Hana 3 P.Co.. 7% T>;
Do (1905) lM%U0H'Haw C & S Co S3 91
Do (1906) 111V4113 Honokaa S Co. 33H 341,
Do (W12) — 122Vi,Hutch S P Co. 28 2GU
Do 1st eg 5s. — — IKtlauea S Co. 2f!*4 2iw
S P Hr 6s 123H131 IMakawell S Co 47% 4S
S V Water 6s,.114*i — Onoraea S Co.. 2TAi *s
Do 4s 103'«103% Paauhau S Co. l\\ J3
Do 3d mtg...lO2*i — Miscellaneous —
Stocktn Gas 6s 93 — Al Pack Assn. 117 " —
Water Stocks— iCal Fruit Asn. ii\i 99U
Contra. Costa.. 71 72 Mer Ex Assn.. 100
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 93 94
Spring Valley. 95 — Pac A F A.... i —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.143 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 1H —
Cent LAP.... 3^4-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Beyond a slight Improvement in Giant Pow
der at IS4 S74'<| S5 23 there was nothing new
on the morning session of, the Bond Exchange.
Business was quiet.
In the afternoon there were sales of Oceanic
Steamship at 193 and Giant Powder at !S5@St>.
Dullness continued to prevail.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Save for a little spurt of activity early corn
was dull and generally under the Influence of
whf-at. The weather was favorable for ' the
crtn> and Liverpool was steady. • July closed a
shade under yesterday, at 37%<if38c. .
Oats were dull and easy. -July closed %@\c
under yesterday, at 21140.
There was not much of . a. provision - market
and the. range was narrow. Hogs were firm
early.' - but : weak later, forming a mild in-
CHICAGO, May 25.— The cool, sequestered
valo of life which the wheat market placidly
trudged along to-day was only He in width.
If the expression may be used. The Northwest
was - still - without rain, of the sort neede-3,
though Winnipeg, Grand Forks and Fargo got
a little moisture which was sufficient to de
press prices here a bit. Before the news of
these • showers reached, here the market was
firm on . the Liverpool , steadiness, the . dryness
hereinbefore referred to and the damage claims
from • Kansas and Illinois. The majority ¦ of
traders are inclined to wait something definite,
although it is generally believed here that rain
in the Northwest would at least be of some
benefit. . Trade was light both for caah and
ln ;the speculative article. July wound up
steady. %c lower at 67f67Vfec. ,
NEW YORK, May 25.'— Advices from abroad
were rather unsatisfactory and [in sympathy
with this factor, together with the continued
larce recelDts of tin. caused a drop of some
2r, to 37V4 points, 1 closing in a demoralized con
dition at J2S 62V4@29. Lake copper, while lower
in London, was quiet here, but prices were fully
sustained at $16 75. Pig Iron . warrants were
very weak; Northern No. 1 foundry ruled
very weak and unsettled at J20@22., Lead con
tinues dull and unchanged at $3 0T>i®i 02',4.
Spelter was a shade firmer on a good export
inquiry and closed firm at $4 50@4 5714. The
brokers' price for lead was $3 80 and for cop
per $1C 50@16 C2>i. • .• "r.
New York Metal Market.
WHEAT— Receipts, 13?,750 bushels; exports,
89,604. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77%c elevator
nominal; No. 2 red, S2c f. o. b. afloat nominal;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 75c f. o. b. afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth. 76Tic f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options opened firm on dry weather
reports, but through speculative neglect and
disappointing Paris cables did not sustain the
Improvement. Active selling for short account
ensued, and with small clearances, a light ex
port- trade and heaviness in corn made the
afternoon market particularly weak. It rallied
a trifle on covering and closed steady at Vj@Uc
net decline. May. 71 5-1C371 9-16c. closed 7U4c;
July, 72V4@72 ll-16e. closed 72*ic; September,
73H"&73Hc. closed 73Vic. " ' -
HOPS— Stead".
HIDES-Steady.
COFFEE— Spot, firm; No. 7 Invoice, 1%c:
mild, market quiet; Cordova. fiUClSHe. Fu
tures closed steady at a net advance of 5 points.
Total sales. 16.500 bags, including: May, $6 70;
June. $6 75; August. $6 SO; September, JG 850
6 SO; December. |7 15; March. *7 Z<X§1 35.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4c; cen
trifugal. 96 tpst, 4>£c; molasses sugar, 3 13-16c;
refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5035 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. lfi'/aS^OHc; factory, 14@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8099 packages. Firm; West
ern, loss off, 13 1 ,2'314c; Southern at mark, 10y£$
12c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet but about steady at unchanged prices.
California dried fruits dull and featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4V4ifI5c; prime. 5&<3 6c; choice, WSlc; fancy,
7%frSc. ¦ ¦¦• .
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3&@8c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APP.ICOTS— Royal, 12H<gl*c; Moorpark, 15®
18c. . . • , . -,
PEACHES— Peeled. 16520c; unpeeled, 7@9c.
NEW YORK. May 25.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
11,750 barrels: exports, 17,893. There was a fair
demand for spring clears and patents, but only
a slow trade in winter wheats, with the under
tone steady.
Nku York Grain and Produce.
Dairy products remain about as they were
last week.
Poultry, and Meats show little chanjs. Sup
plies of both are rather larger than they have
been.
The fruit market Is steadily being increased
by the addition of summer varieties, and prices
are getting lower. Green Corn is added to taa
list of summer vegetables.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel t ©13 00 Geattle $3 003
Wellington .. ©10 00j Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington —€19 CO
ton C10 00[Cooa Bay — -®7 CO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr...35®40i Ranch Eggs, per
Do per roll 30©35 dozen 17£23
Cheese. Cal 10^15, Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. .17^20 round 12515
Cheese. Swiss 20333 Do, extracted...— «£10
Common Eggs — '«13
Meats, per lb—
Bacon .' 12ai7IPork. salt 12215
Beef, choice 15©20lPork Chops 15&13
Do, good 10©12|Round Steak 10^:2
?orned Beef — @10 Sirloin Steak 150—
Ham. Eastern.. 16@17^ Porterhouse do....2C#2i
Lard — @15 Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton 10<gl2 Pork Sausages. .12U'<{'->
J-prlng Lamb 12S15 Veal 12S15
Pork, fresh 15®^)
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50©75| Turkeys, per Xb...1Z<Q2<i
Young Roosters. I Ducks, each 60@73
each 50@75;Gees9. each.. $1 2552 00
Did Roosters, ea..50r<j 601 Pigeons, pair 4oS5i>
Fryers, each 40<??30 Rabbits, pair 40K50
Broilers, each 30@40|Hare. each — <©20
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per lb... 5® 10 [Oranges, dozen.. ..10033
Alraonua, per lt>.. liy20l Lemons, dozen 10(320
Apples 5<9 SlLImes. per dozen-lO^lJ
Bananas, dozen. ..10 l g20 | Plums, per lb.... 8^10
Blackberries, bsk.lo#25 j Raisins, per lb S.aU
Cherries, per It>.. 5©10, Raspberries. bskt.l52C0
Cherry Plums, Peaches, per lb... 5@12
per lb... BtJlO I Strawberries, per
Currants, dwr.. .. 30^50 1 drawer 30250
Figs, per lb 40250 1 Walnuts, per lb,..— <«ii
Gooseberries, lb.. 8®10,
Vegetables-
Artichokes. doz....30<360 j Lettuce, per doz..l33 —
Asparagus, per lb. 4®10 .Onions, per lb.... 3® i
Beets, dozen 12915 Okra. dry. per lb.— @50
Beans, white, lb.. B&— Peppers, green, n>.lD'2 n Q
Colored, per lb.. 4 a 5 Potatoes, cer lb.. SQ 5
Lima, per lb —@ 8 Parsnips, per doz.loct
Cabbage, each s#10 Rhubarb, p«r lb.. *:i& «
Cauliflowers, each, 5310 ; Radishes, dz bchs. 10^12
Celery, bunch 5@— I Sage, dot bnchs...25«3'>
Cress, doz bnchs.. 20^25; String Beans, lb.. 4@ g
Cucumbers, per Summer Squash.
dozen SOc^IJl 00 per pounds 5@ S
Egg Plant, lb 10@15 I Thyme, per lb 2ix#3u
Green Peas, lb 3'rt olTurnips. per doz..mai3
Green Corn, doz...— -3— Tomatoes, per lb. S213
Lentils, per lb •*# 8
Fish-
Barracuda 15<a— JShad -....15Q
Carp 10@12 Sea Bass — m—
Codfish — «15 [Smelts 13®—
Flounders 12@15jSoles 15<ft—
Halibut : 15'tf— jSkates. each 10^15
Kingflsh — <ai2;Tomcod 15® —
Mackerel 20@ — [Clams, gallon 50'cJ—
Do. Horse — © — | Do hards hell. 100. 40@3O
Perch lS^^), Crabs, each 1<1@15
Pompano — $— Do softshell. iz.Zi'gtt
Rockflsh 15<^— Mussels, quart 10012
Salmon, fresh 15@— Oysters, Cal. 10O..40g5o
Do. smoked — fi'20 I Do Eastern. doz.25m40
Ehrlmps 8®10 I
WHEAT— Spot, steady: No. 1 California. 6s
U4d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 9^d. Futures
quiet: July, 5s 9»4d; September. &s Sd.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, 4s Ud
Futures, quiet; May, nominal; July. 3s 9T»d"
September, 3a 10Hd.
LIVERPOOL, May 25.— Wheat, quiet: No 1
Standard California,- 6s ld(S6s 2d; wheat ln
Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris, barely
steady: French country markets, quiet. •
COTTON— Uplands. 5d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Hay 25.— Consols, 101%: silver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 10c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers indifferent operators; car
goes Walla Walla. 2Ss; English country mar
kets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 23.— Market dull and quota
tions unchanged. Bluestem, 54c; club 51c, both
for exi>ort.
PORTLAND. May 23.-WaIIa Walla and val
ley. 61©52c. ¦ : .¦•,.¦
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May 23.-Clearings, J253.143:
balances, $21,572.
Portland's Business.
,J^ XD0N '' iIay 23 - Th « third series of the
11 SaleS ° l0Sed t0 - da "i w «th offerings
of 82S5 bales. The selection wJs fair and met
with arood demand at firm prices. The bulk ot
the offerings were taken by Yorkshire. The
third series of sales opened with an average
nnf,^", 011 , Of , 1 ?' per cent ' *^ ln S most pro!
nounced in Inferior and faulty stock. Mer
chants, considering the statistical situation fa
vorable, would not accept the reduction, and
withdrawals were heavy. Upon the announce
ment of heavy curtailment competition became
more animated and widespread. Medium coarse
crossbreds throughout were in better demand.
Inferior greasy and poor fleeces were hard to
sell until refused an additional 5 per cent, of
the off erlng8 during the series. The home trade
sec "£S d 70 ' 000 baIes - the Continent 50,000, Ameri
ca 3000 and 157.000 bales were held over
London Wool Market.
*, > ! H^£ P 7' Recelpts - 50CO - Sheep and lambs
f& ift- V° Wer \, . Good to choice wethers. $4 75
sheen ?« «£3- C , h - olce m[x , ed - $1 20 ® 4 *>: Western
sneep, $4 85<g 3 i 0 ; yearlings. $505 30- native
lambs. $4 B0@7; Western lambs. I&S7.
Wheat LIVERPOOL.
c{ °»' n s :::::::::::::::::::::: i $ It*
_ PARIS.
t -' 0slns 26 75 23 55
Chicago Livestock Market.
in^Jf AG S» May 2S --CATTLE-Recelpts, 5000.
Including 400 Texans. Steers, slow. 10c lower
butcher.' stock. lOc to 15c lower. Natives^
Best on sale to-day, one car. $5 43; good to
4 e "d' b U e /fers^nVr^^ W 75^ 4 5 "° W6 »M®
Url ?a ?' w 3o ® 5 10: canners, $2 40@4- bulls
be? t on ° B a a l V « eSl t ¥ 6 5 °- Texans-Recelp s.400 9 !
Dest on sale to-day, one car $5- Texas t*A
Bt tf"U**% & 15: Texas bulls. $3 2S®3 75
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20 000- to-morrow p«
higher* Ton 00^ 1 "7* 'J™ > St™nTto Thade"
mgner. Top. $5 3a; mixed and butchers' 15 10
heavy * tt\m- ™° lC f, avy ' * 5 25 @^ 33? 'n&h
sa?es y '$5 $5 25ef a 30 2 ° : "^ * 10 ® 5 30; buIkof
Failures for the week have been 1S5 In the
United States, against 142 last year, and 20
ln Canada, against IS last year.
The movement of breadstuffs has now ma
terially chanced, Atlantic exports of wheat
flour included, having been ln four weeks
10,405.397 bushels, against 8.G57.165 last year.
Pacific exports 2.791,791, against 1.932.703 lost
year, and exports of corn i3.917.631. against 10 -
ii)i,662 last year. Prices have changed very
little, the excitement being concentrated upon
cotton, which declined 7-16c.
The nominal price of Bessemer pig ls held
without change at Pittsburg and without trans
actions. Bessemer ls offered much below the
?24 90 asked by the association, while prices
of finished products of iron and steel have de
clined more than IS per cent within two months
without any reduction ln rails, structural
shapes or ln sheets. No. 1 Lehlgh pig Is
quoted here at $21 and the best anthracite $22
at Philadelphia. But doubt about sufficient
supplies of steel-making Iron for the coming
months seems the one impediment to renewal
of activity. Tin is also a shade lower, with
copper and lead unchanged this week. Sales
of Connellsvllle coke below prices recently
quoted exhibit in strong light the change in
the iron manufacture. „
Sudden and extensive changes are now re
ported ln leather and boots and shoes, ap
parently resulting from the unyielding refusal
of many dealers to place anything like their
usual orders for the season at prices recently
asked. Concessions are now reported at 2Hc
to Sc per pair ln leading grades for which
such reduction was not reported a week ago.
?o that the general decline averages above
3 per cent. It was doubtless based ln part
upon considerable concessions in leather, as It
now appears that subsequently all staple
grades have been sold at prices >4c to lV4c
below those recently quoted, the fall averag
ing about SVi per cent. •"
Weakness in wool, as yet not enough to
prompt heavy buying, has hindered free pur
chases of goods, without doubt, and there ls
of late somewhat more compliant of cancella
tions and of slow collections. Rut the market
is waiting rather than unhealthy, and with
quick adjustment to a lower range of prices
for material might soon become as active as
at any other time for years. The silk manu
facturer Is helped bv reduction in prices of
raw and the decline ln Manila hemp also aids
a manufacture which is beginning to accom
plish more than many realize.
NEW YORK. May 25.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Transition to a more natural range of prices
after a time of extraordinary buying, specu
lation and rise ls not wholly delightsome, how
ever needful it may be to business health.
But the gradual change this year, though
wearying, has given opportunity ln various
branches to avoid loss. It ls nearly six months
since the highest prices of pig Iron were
reached, November 29, and of wool, December
1, while hides reached their maximum Decem
ber 13, leather and iron products January 10,
boots and shoes January 24, wools February
21 and cotton goods March 21. The tables given
by this paper have shown that the highest
point for all prices was March 16, and after
two months of slow decline the range for all
prices was but 4.6 per cent lower May 14. But
the past week has added Its full share, a fall
°f *hi per cent In cotton, 3 per cent in pig
Iron, 1.5 per cent ln iron products, 2 per cent
ln hides, 2% per cent ln boots and shoes and
3V4 per cent ln leather. 2\k per cent in petro
leum'and a little in many other products.
The decline ln cotton was rendered sensa
tional by the failure of the firm which had
most, strongly resisted it and for some months
had led: the campaign for higher prices ln the
belief that stocks fcr the rest of this year
would scarcely meet demands with the next
crop ln doubt. The course of the market for
some months to come cannot well be predicted,
as provision for the future has been made by
spinners on both sides of the ocean.
Charters.
Tie Galgate loads wheat at Portland foi
Europe, 40s C2.
Exports of Lumber.
Exports of lumber from this port during th«
first four months of the year were S.loLOOC
feet, i-altied at 1172.400, against 7.219,009 feel
at $172,200 for the same time in 1899.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports of salmon from this port by sea
during the first four months of the year were
167.340 rases and 3213 packages, valued at
S65S.CO0. against 110,200 cases and 3721 package:
a.t J4:s».C"0 ln the same time last year.
Sugar From the Islands.
The official returns cf exports cf sugar from
the Hawaiian Islands for the first quarter of
the calendar year compare cb follows:
Pounds. Value.
1839 164.S79.4':'2 J6.S13.207
1S00 153.4S5.077 6,O95,7S1
Prunes Advancing.
The New York Commercial of the l?th say?:
"The markrt was stirred up early yesterday
inominj when it became known that one of
the largest prune sales ever transacted in New
York had occurred. Santa Clara 40-iOs, 25-lb
boxes, were immediately advanced to •iHc. and
the wh-.le market became quite firm. Evap
orated apples are weakening, prime declining
*mc Some sales of future apricots for de
liver}' in July attracted attention. There ls
some doubt as to whether the sellers will be
able to deliver them. The general feeling in
arrf'-otF. though, ls toward a decline."
Under date of the l?th the same pap«-r Bavr:
"•Prunes still hold chief interest ln the dried
fruit trade. The big block of seventy «-ir-
Icads taken the other day by a local syndicate
has Influenced the market greatly. The feeling
ls very firm and further advances from the
present outlook are to be expected before the
new (roode come in. Many export orders have
been received, which, taken tosrether with the
shortage in the berry crop, denote a good
trade during the eummer."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCSO. May 25-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall*, ln the last 24 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Station**— hours season, season.
Eureka 0.14 4S.T6 33.61
Red Bluff 0.00 22. K7 20.42
Sacramento 0.00 20. 2S 14.11
ten Francisco 0.00 18.42 16.10
Fresno 0.C0 10.14 7. IS
Independence 0.00 3.66 1.21
San Luis Obispo 0.00 17.30 16.41
Loe Anreles 0.00 7.83 5.01
San Diego 0.00 5.SS 4.S6
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
Gl decrees; minimum. 4S; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weathe»
prevails over the northern portion of the Pa
cific slope and fair over the southern. Rain has
fallen along the coa« from the vicinity of Cape
Mendocino northward and over Washington and 1
W^t^rn Oregon. The rainfall over Western
Washington has been quite heavy.
The iTfssure has fallen rapidly during the :
cay over the northern portion of the Pacific
flopr. but haE again commenced to rise ever
the coast this evening:. The storm is central
ln the British possessions north of Wahington.
The temixrature has fallen in Western Ore
gon; elsewhere wen of the Rocky Mountains it
ha* risen.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcure ending midnight May 26:
For Northern California— Generally fair Sat
urday except showers along: the extreme north
ern coaFt and fog along the central coast at
Eight: fr*>fh west wind.
For Fouthrrn California— Fair Saturday; fresh
ww wind.
For Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday; contin
ued warm.
For Utah— Partly cloudy Saturday; continued
warm.
For Arizona— Fair Saturday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Generally
fair except fog at night; fresh west wind.
O. H. WILLSON. !
Local Forecast Official. >
Prime mercantile paper. 3>i@4 1 / 4 p«r cent.
Sterling exchange heavy, with actual business
ln bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand
and at S4 S4H&4 84% . for sixty days; posted
rates, ii &H64 SSM; commercial bills. {4 S4@>
NEW. YORK. May IS— Money, on call easy
!¦ Hi©Hl per. cent; last lean. 1% per cent.
New York Money Market.
Colorado Southern 1st prefd O
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16H
Delaware & Hudson 11SH
r Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. .177
Denver & Rio Grande 18H
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd , 67 l 4
200 Erie UV4
200 Erie 1st prefd : 35H
£30 Great Northern prefd 153\»
Hocking Coal 15
: Hocking Valley 87H
' 400 Illinois Central 112
t 100 Iowa Central 17>-4
Iowa Central prefd 45
Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 17
239 Lake Erie & Western I6»i
j 120 Lake Krle & Western prefd 91
j Lake Shore 212
U 1.P63 Louisville & Nashville 79%
. ! 2.V.H) Manhattan ElevatPd S?»i
i 2.545 Metropolitan Street Railway l^
1 300 Mexican Central 12^
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 61V*
J Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
! 8,215 Missouri Pacific 06
120 Mobile & Ohio 39
! 1,420 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10H |
. I EtO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd S2>» j
,1 100 New Jersey Central 116»i
! 2.26.i New York C-ntral 131'*
ICO Norfolk & Western 35
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 78^j |
7,100 Northern Pacific 60
400 Northern Pacific jrefd 74^ .
Ontario & Western 21'i
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42 ;
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76 !
I 4,400 Pennsylvania 123»4 ;
6C0 Reading 16H
• j SCO Reading 1st prefd i:>'»
I Reading 21 pr*fd 2H*
j Rio Grande Western 17
1 Rio Grande Western prefd S"H I
200 St Louis & San Francisco 9 7 * \
St Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd 6S 1
100 ft I/-uis & San Fran 2d prefd 32»4
100 St LouiF. Southwestern 11
200 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 26'i
10,770 St Paul 113^
165 St Paul prefd 173U
I Ft Paul & Omaha 112
8,837 6outh»rn Pacific - 33^
900 Southern Railway 12 1 *
1.110 Southern Railway prefd 54 l s
100 Texas ft Pacific G-'S.
12.945 Union Pacific 53»»
; 2,4fK) Vnlon Pacific prefd 73\
ICO Webash 8
i 2.7C0 Wabash prefd 20"i
j . 520 Wheeling & L E 9 1 ; j
J ion Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26»i ¦
s 300 Wisconsin Central sVt I
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American .' 143 |
United States 46
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 3?i
American Malting prefd 21>4
425 American Smelting & Ref 37V»
American Smelting & Ref prefd 8S'i |
American Spirits 2^4, j
American Spirits prefd 17 |
470 American Steel Hoop 20>£ j
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 69>'. '
10.550 American Steel & Wire 33% !
4.6G0 American Steel & Wire prefd 73H
American Tin Plate 22^ 2
American Tin Plate prefd 74 I
11,600 American Tobacco 92 !
American Tobacco prefd 130 !
Anaconda Mining Co 41 Vi '
13.513 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71 I
190 Colorado FupI & Iron.... 3CU I
$.245 Continental Tobacco 23-% I
3.140 Continental Tobacco prefd 77 1 
7.2*0 Federal Steel 33=1 |
310 Federal S-t*el prefd 66'] I
j General Electric 33\
525 Glucose Sugar 46\i
I Glucose Sugar prefd 99U,
1.210 International Paper 22 " !
E10 International Paper prefd 64 I
Laclede Gas 68
2C0 National Biscuit 29
National Biscuit prefd 80
160 National Lead 19
National Lead prefd, ex dlv 94
410 National Steel 2S',i
National Steel prefd 86
New York Air Brake 123
North American 14%
Pacific Coast 471^
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 80
... Pacific Coest 2d prefd 57
£65 Pacific Mall [ 2 S'
6,365 People's Gas 9<)i_
200 Pressed Steel Car ' 4314
Pressed Steel Car prefd 76'
Pullman Palace Car iso
Standard Rope & Twine 5»:
3S.7C3 Sutar 1 313
Sugar prefd *ni
6.C95 Tennessee Coal & Iron 721',
l.fir.0 United States Leather 10^
460 United States Leather prefd 68
-. United States Rubber 2S>4
United States Rubber prefd 9*
8*4 Western Union 79^
310 Republic Iron & Steel Co U
RepuhHc Iron & Steel Co prefd 50>i
pect st Louis :. ;; i-s *
300 Third Avenue „ 113^
j 2C9.SO0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. ;
U S 2s refunding M K & T 2ds C8
(when Issued) 104 M K & T 4s 93
K I 2a rf el* t(>wl " N Y Central lets... Ill
I, S 3s registered.. 1»',» N J Cent gen 5s 121
L fi 3s coupon Wju. North Carolina Cs..l30
L S new 4s reg....l34«i North Carolina 4s..lO<
U S new 4s coupon. 134'j Northern Pac 3s... 67V
V' I °! d 4s ree m ** Northern Pac 4s...lC4'i I
I. S old 4s coupon.USH NTCAStL 4s. ..106 '
y b Ss registered.. 113»i Nor ft W cons 4s. 66^4
I S i.s coupon in?. Nor & W *»n 6s... 131 1
DiFt cf Col 3.65S...121 Oregon Nav l«ts 111 •
Atchison gen 4s... .1C0T4 Oregon Nav 4s... 1041; 1
Atchison adjust 4a. S4 Or Short Line 6s.. 129
Canada Sou 2.is....'.C6«i Or S L cons 5s H3U
Ches & Ohio 4>4s... 9»T» Reading gen 4s.... SS
Ches & Ohio 5s 117 R O Wesiern lsts. 98% i
&? * n- F Oeb 3s - U9 i St J - & S F gen 6s.l24^
Chicago Term 4s... 93 St Paul consols.... 170%
Denver & R G lsts.lCl'4 Pt Paul C & P lsts.120
Denver & R « o... 99S St Paul C & P 5sTl21V4
K T Va & Ga lstB.103 {Southern Ry 5s.. mu <
M W (-. DC lsts.. 12% Tenn new set 2s... %u. :
£«> Electric :»> 120 Texas & Pac lnta..H4^ 1
GH&hA6*.' m Texas & Pac 2ds... 67
G H & S A 2ds 10S Union Pacific 4s. ..10571 I
Houston & T C 5s.H0 Wabash Ists 116 1
H & T C cons 6a. .111% Wabash Ids 102
J? w , a r, CenlraI lsts - ln -4 West Sh °re 4s 11* i
K C P & G lsts.... 71 I Wis Central lsts... 90% •
La new cons 4s.....iOS'.4, Va Centuries M 1
L & N unified 4s... 93>A| Va Deferred « i
Southern Pac 4*... S3 J Col & Sou 4s ...'.'.'.'. S6% I
MINING STOCKS. :
Chollar 17;Ontar:o 795 ;
Crown Point 07;Ophlr " ti
Con Cal ic Va 1 30; Plymouth """" ?J '
Dcadwood 5." ¦ Quicksilver 1 v!
Gould &_ Curry.... li Quicksilver prefd'.'.' 7 SO
Hale & Norcross... IS Sierra. Nevada 28
Ilomestake 50 Oil Ptnndard " "" ? en
Iron Silver 67. Union Con 1?
Mexican 2j : Yellow Jacket....".'* 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND P>ONDS.
Money— ! Union Pacific rati
Call loans 2^3 West End .. 91
Time loans ZAi; Bonds '
A P T°* k W rai ! *\£ ? as \ Coke 5s « '
AT&SF 2->, t Mining shares— «
A T & S F prefd... 69V Adventure ... 4 (
American Sugar ...113 iAlloucz Mining Co Hi ,
>>rtn Sugar prefd. ...lim imaig Copper K7V
««11 Telephone ....SOSV S ! Atlantic ... """ »i'* f
lloston & Albany.. 241 (Boston & MontanaW' «
Boeton El-vated... lSOH^Butte & Boston 61 t
Boftra & Maine.... 1J3 Calumet & Hecla"7i7 t
CB&Q .: in»i: Centennial . ... ' Jcu
Dominion Coal 42'/»; Humboldt ... "*" in
Dom Coal prefd 116 (Osceola %£ 1
Federal Fteel 33«s! Parrot "" iSiA •
Fed Steel prefd.... 66'tiQulncy ...... ,3^^ !
Fitchburg prefd....U2'iiHanta Fe Copper!'.* 4%: ,
Mexican Central... 12H Tamarnck iss ,
N E Gas A Coke... lC^iUtah Mining . " Se !
Old Colony- 206 jWlnona ' '3
Old Dominion Wi Wolverines "' 371/ ,
4 S4\J. Silver -certificates. 6O@61c: bar silver,
60Vie. Mexican dollars, 47'/4c. Bonds — Govern
ment, strong; State, inactive; railroad, irregu
lar.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances, exclusive of the $150,-
C0O.O0O gold reserve, shows: Available cash
balance, JH3,S71,246; gold, $09,697,657.
London Market.
NEW YORK. May 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quietly steady for
a while, but weakened finally in sympathy with
continued depression ln Westrallans.
American dealing* were microscopic. There
was Liverpool buying ln the morning, but the
close was dull, in sympathy with New York.
Copper shares were heavy on the fall in metals.
The bank bought £10.000 gold in Australian
bars and received £5000 from Malta. The Bank
of France reduced its discount rate from 3',4
to a per cent. The Berlin bank is expected to
follow suit.
CLOSING,
LONDON. May 25.— Atchlson, 26; Canadian
Pacific, 96K: Union Pacific preferred, ion;
Northern Pacific preferred, 7G*i; Grand Trunk,
7H: Anaconda, 8H: bar silver, 27%d per ounce.
Silver declined. New York Exchange lower.
Wheat futures and spot Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and dull.
Nothing new in Hay, Beans and Fecdstuffs.
Potatoes, Vegetables and Onions in good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry market still oz'eisupplied and dull.
Fruits of all kinds plentiful at fair prices.
Prunes better cleaned up than for several years.
Nothing doing in Provisions.
Meats quiet with ample spot supplies.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Increased experts of Salmon.
H h t n .i? ere ls every Inducement for carriers t->
seek this port, extreme rates outward If or £J\
clu d sl l U e?i b<! , r h»r d >? UlOk dl »P atch - Itshows^
ciusively that it our port was permanenrR
closed against the Importation of EnK and
Austra lan coal, it would cause no fuf famine
*hio^S°T,J aid now rendered to us bv
tne oil product throughout the State Cahl^..
have been received this we»k notfrylne all
buyers that Colonial coals win be advanced
inn£JX tOn after Janu "y 1. 13C1."
RICE— China mixed. $4^4 85- Ch'na Vn. 1
l4 2:t4 70: extra do. tsd ' &• 'n w »Hi 1 \-k
bL GAR— The Western Su(? ar XleRri',^ rnrr,
Pany quotes per lb ln lCO-lb bags- Cubef a"
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5s£" PowJe'red*
520c: Candy Granulated. 5-Mc- Dry GrVnn'
Receipts of Produce.
ct™, FOR fr IDAT. MAT 25.
mi ipi= i
s ::::: ifaTBc= "J
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 20.8S-tp otatoes k __
Oats. cUs IW Bran .lij « iS
Wheat, ctls 1.05-rM?d" : iag S S ."»k,V;.: M>
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 1,343:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
fluence for the guidance cf the P« du ?h. d J 2 U^
pork closed a shade over yesterda>. lara £*<?
lower and ribs unchanged. „__...
The leading futures ranged as follows.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 62@65Vjc: No.
z red, 72ig72>4c: No. 2 corn, 37®37%c: No. 2
oats. 22!522ijc; No. 2 white. 244S23»ic; No. 3
white. 24y 4 @25c; No. 2 rye, 55H(§a6^c; No. 2
barley, 364c; No. 3 barley, 3S@41c; No. 1 flax
seed, $18!); prime timothy seed, $2 42V4@2 43;
mess pork.' per bbl. |10 30*311 45; lard, per 100
Ids «6 1 75<Sj6 S2i4: short-ribsides (loose). $6 40<3
V°: d 7 salted shoulders (boxed). 6'^<ns%c;
?m . c - ar Bldes <boxed), |7@7 10; whisky; dis
tillers finished goods, per gal, fl 23.
market wf. r ° d , UC % Exchange to-day the Butter
Su.W?i. %K 8teady , : cre amery, 15® 1954c; dairy,
fresh, li^f e> 8l0w> 8y »@ 9^ c - E «sa. steady;
fined sugar, due. It is claimed to the enhanced
price of the raw material and not any settle
ment of the trade war, has stimulated demand
m other lines, notably coffe* which is also
higher for the week. Advices from the dry
goods -trade arc of * backward demand at re
iftl' arfe , ct 'ne orders in many lines, but cot
ion goods production is still heavy. Wool
h>>i^i Weaker - nnd manufacturers are still
holding off. The boot and shoe mar
" J>" e still- dull, with manufacturers lirm, but
with Jobbers asking for lower prices. Lumber
iin«.»ti * wh ° le weaker, partly owing to the
™ f I conaI tlons in the building trade and
nn«hi^ V • th . e>Xeelln « that Prices have been
?«,»«. ° hlKh * and thls feeling Is likewise
l^tHi °.i a P umb *r of other lines. In iron and
steel the deadlock still continues, buyers and
it n !? eln S apart, while the drift of values
;' Mr « business is actually accomplished Is
toward a lower range. Nominally Bessemer
Pig and steel billets are unchanged and this
JL£ J* c } ae far as large producers are con-
ZzSr 7/ but outside offers are at considerable
reductions rrom quoted values. Notable weak
ness exists in- the prices for Iron and steel
oars, for plates and for some grades of East
ern roundry Iron. Almost the sole supporting
*^ at . ure 's the strength of export, but late
mart ? wouW Be «m to indicate that foreign
£nL kets may follow those of America toward a
»<j"er range. Almost alone among iron and
!! eeI . Products structural material 1b firm and
much Is hoped for In the direction of new
business. The weakness in cast-iron pipe is
inducing some curtailment of production, no
nL at the South.
\\ heat, including flour, shipments for the
?¦£ k a ?*r e ir ate 3,698,968 bushels, against 5.178,
4.. bushels last week, 3.198,319 bushels in the
fso r « re^?1i ng week of 1S99 - <-309.133 bushels In
J i«li 81l i 26 bushels in 1S97 and 2,064.953 bushels
in 1S96. Since July 1. this seaaon, the exports
SnsTro^ a^regate 178.383,436 bushels, against
ZOS,4G9.309 buahels last year and 210,g&6,969
bushels in 1S97-9S.
Business. failures for the week numbered 157
in tne Lnlted States, as compared with 155
i as i«5' ee <£' ? 58 ln thU week a y ear s b°' 23i
in 1S99, 257 in 1S97 and 227 in 1896.
in the Dominion of Canada ¦ business failures
lor the week number 17, -as compared with 24
last week.
"During the week there have been three coal
arrivals from British Columbia. 11.C67 tons'
two from Washington. 7360 tons; total. 18.427
tons. Deliveries must be made more freely
or the stocks In yard will be entirely depleted
Our deliveries for this month will average less
than 2000 tons per day. whereas our actual con
sumption hast been fully 13,000 tons more
fortunately our recent spell of sultry weather
has diminished the domestic demand ereatlv
In tho past three months there have been onlv
five cargoes of foreign coals come to hand
one from Japan, three from Australia and one
from Swansea, in all . 14,530 tons. In other
words, the total foreign fuel delivered In ninetv
days Is equal to less than four days' actual
consumption locally. Thl» la most .insular
,BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6V»c; Wool Bags. 2S%®32Vic:
Fleece Twine. "He.
COAL— Wellington. |S per ton; new Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington, JS; Seattle «•
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsenu". J8- Ca
operatlve Wallsend, 18; Cumberland J12 la
bulk and J13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke its
per ton in bulk and ttS In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. JS 45 per 20C0 lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
General Merchandise.
Slight changes In Veal and Lamb will be
seen. Otherwise there is nothing new, the
market being well supplied.
BEEF — S'fiViic per lb for fair to choice
VEAL— Large. 6@7c; small. 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 6H®7c; ewes, 6«6yic per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8c per lb.
FORK-Live Hogs. 5%®5?4c for small and
medium and »H©o%c for large; stock Hoes ajid
feeders. &*»e5V*c: dressed Hogs. 7©S;ic.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 13H®17c; Northern defective. 13
©13c; Middle County, free, 13@17c: Middle
County, defective. 13S13c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. 12«S13c; Southern Mountain, freel
7 months', ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10iS12c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 20@21c; Nevada, 14017c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6®llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10@10%c; medium. 9®9V4c: light. 9®9Hc;
Cowhides. 9@9%e; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 10c;
Calf. 10c;' Dry Hides, sound. ISc: culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16@17c; Dry
Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. lSSSOc
each; short Wool, 35@S0c each; medium. "OSdOc;
long Wool. |1©1 50 each: Horse Hides. »2#2 50
for large and Jl 23® 1 75 for small; Colts. 230
60c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall
cr medium skins, 35c; winter or thin ekins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5e per lb; No. z.
4IT4V4C; refined. 6c; crease. 2H"ffSc.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7jg8c per lb for com
pound and S%S9c for pure; half-barrels pure
9%c: 10-lb tins. 9»ic: 3-lb tins. lO^c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%@S%c per lb; half
barrels. S^es^c; 10-lb tins. 9<4c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. He per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14^c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13H'S14c; Mess Beef, |12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family, 414: extra Prime
Pork. 114 5WJ15: extra clear. $19; Mess. 116 50-
S,moked Beef. 12>,4S13c per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts, S@9c for Standards and tQ
10c for softshells; Almonds. 11Vj©12c for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 435c for hardshell -
Peanuts. 5%<a63«c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7H3$c; Filberts. 12SliVic;
Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. U%@12c for bright and 10^9
lie for light amber: water white extracted 7Vic
light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark, 5',i'u6c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24526c per lb.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks, 3^-340 for
40-30's. 3Hc for 50-60' s. 3c for 60-70" s. 2^i@24c for
70-SO's, 2c for S0-90 f s and 1%3?1%c for 90-lOO's;
Apricots. 9#10c for Royals and lO'gllc for Moor
parks; Peaches. 4H@4%c for Standards. 5c for
choice and 5i4*j6c foi» fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10
«al2iic: Evaporated Apples, 5H@6c; Sun-dried,
3'{74c per lb: Pears, 3M>@4Hc for dark and 7®3c
for bright halves; Black Figs. l\@2c; White
Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, 7%c; unbleached
Plums. 6c for pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard. Sc; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb. S^c; choice. 7Hc: standard. 6Hc;
prime. Gc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 30 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
The Prune market in Xew York is active and
hardening, as will be seen In the first column,
but the local situation is dull., At the same
time, the demand has been so good during the
past several weeks that stocks are now
smaller than for some years, being from ISO
to not over 200 cars at most, and these will
probably be clean?d up before the new crop
appears. One or two more sales like that re
ported in the first column will completely ex
haust the supply.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHERRIES— 30*3400 per box Tor red and white
and 30@60c for black: Royal Anne. 50<g73c. In
bulk, 3V4®5c for black and 1%<33V»c per lb for
white, and 5@6c for Royal Anae., Receipts were
3672 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Jl 50#2 73
per box; Seedlings. $1^1 73; Valencies. J3®3 50;
Lemons, Jl@l 50 for common and $2^2 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, (4 S&@5: Ba
nanas, J2S3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 6004 per
dozen. ,
- A P« IC OTS-35<g65c per box for Pringles and
' aVvt ££ S^ edlln S 9 a** 75cSU 25 for Royals.
.~ ii PLES-Green Apples. 50@75c per box for
boxes f ° r Red Astracnans . lar S e
and Jh^S for small berries.
.n^°?A EBER ? 1ES ~ 3S3c per lb for common
and 6fiSc p<?r lb for English.
RASPBERRIES-*6<£10 per chest: New
castle, Der crate. '
BLACKBERRIES— $3^15 per chest; Covlnas
per basket.
J£S AN «ERRIES-J6«10 per chest.
Ct,RRANTS-S2 50®4 50 per chest.
PLLJIS— 75c<g$l per crate.
CHERRY PLUMS-33S50C per drawer.
FIGS— From Palm Springs. ; from Ari
zona. ?232 23 per box.
PEACHES— 50cSU per box. A fancy lot or
two sold at Jl 23.
Apricots were also easy. Plums were neglected.
Oranges are decidedly weaker, as the new
fruits are leading now. Two cars were auc
tioned as follows: Standard Navels, $1@1 49;
?To?M^ s . Sl 75c ®* 2 : fancy Mediterranean Sweets.
$2 2o«2 30. A car of late Valencia* sold in
open market at $3 2333 50
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cherries were slightly weaker, though re
ceipts were comparatively light. Peaches and
the week, as will be seen by the quotations.
Berries were firm, as usual at the close of
Apples and Apricots arrived In baskets from
the river and brought 50®60c per basket.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is nothing new. All prices stand the
same. All descriptions are slow of sale and In
good supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17@iSc; seconds.
16@16^c.
Dairy— Fancy, l6316Hc: good to choice. 14®
15V4c; common. 13Hc.
CHEESE— New, 7H©S*4c; Young America. 9®
9%c: Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lh.
EGGS— Quoted at 13gl4o for store and 14016c
per dozen for ranch.
stock.
POUL.TR?— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25©1 Mi Goslings, U 25@1 50; Ducks. $4 50S3
for old and J5S6 for youn*; Hens, |4g4 50;
Toung Roosters, J5@6; Old Roosters, $3 5094;
Fryers. $4#4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and
$1 75®'2 50 for small; Pigeons. W 73®2 per dozen
for old and $1 T5@2 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
The market Is kept dull and weak by the
unsold Eastern, and by liberal receipts of local
Poidtry and Game.
Asparagus. Peas and Rhubarb are dull and
plentiful.
There Is little change In Potatoes and Onions
New Garlic is still lower.
POTATOES- Burbanks. 35g«0c per sack; Ore
con Burbanks. 50@70c: Xew Potatoes. 50®73c In
sacks and GOc@fl in boxes.
ONIONS— Xew Red. 73®95c per ctl; Austra
lian. *3®3 50 rer ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 20c per dozen;
Rhubarb, 3o@75c per box; Asparagus. 2ZcQi\
per box for No. 2 and $1 25@1 JO for No. 1 and
Jl 73 for fancy large; Green Peas, SO^Soc per
tack for common and |1@1 25 for Garden; String
Beans, 2>i@5c; Refugees. 6c; Wax Beans. 3H-&:
5c; Cabbage, 4<Xg5flc; Tomatoes, $lgia ; F.gg
Plant from Los Angelas, 5®7c; Dried Okra,
32V»c per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
6@10c: Dried Peppers, 8#lCc; Carrots, 25'gr>c
per sack: Summer Squash, 50@75c per box for
Vacavllle and Jl 23®1 50 for Alameda; Cucum
bers, 40<j?75c per dozen for hothouse and II 23 V
1 50 per box for Marysville; new Garlic, 3V£tJ4e
per lb
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
3 45: large White. $3 10S3 20; Pink. J2 50@2 90-
Bed 13 2503 60; Btajkeye $3 5004: Butter.:
nominal; Llnr^ fc» 2o@5 30; Pea. J3 4003 50- Red
Kidneys |4@4 aO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal* Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. Ji 90 S2 »; Canary "£[
per lb for California, and 4c for Eastern- All
SbthT?^ Rape - as*? «-* « c:
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2 25; Green. $1 90
THE SA1S FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
Bradstreet's Financial Revieiv.
Chicago Grain Market.
Family Retail Market.
ARTICLES.
Open. High. Low. Close.
¦Wheat No. 8—
May
July
Corn No. 2—
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May :
July
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July
Lard. 100 lbs—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September !!.
66»,i 66% 6SH 66%
67% 67* 66"* CT **
36% 36Ti 36H 86*
37H 37% 37 3«v»
37% 3S 37U 37%
21% 21% 2.1H 21%
21% 21»i 21% «H
20% 20% ZO'.i 20^t
11 45 11 47% 11 40 11 «
-
6 97^ 6 97% 6 92% 6 924
6 95 6 95 6 90 6 92%
6 67H 6 B"H 6 55 6 57^
6 65 6 67^ 6 62^4 6 57'.*
ARTICLES.
(Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Hour, barrels g oco
Wheat, bushels 2s OOO
:orn. bushels 1I7000
*? b US he| 8 ::;;; g^
rty«, bushels
3arley. bushels *.*.'.' 'js.'ooo
8.000
23,000
2S0.00O
10.000
1,000
ARTICLES.
Open. High. Low. Close.
¦Wheat No. 8—
May
July
Corn No. 2—
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May :
July
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July
Lard. 100 lbs—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September !!.
66»,i 66% 6SH 66%
67% 67* 66"* CT **
36% 36Ti 36H 86*
37H 37% 37 3«v»
37% 3S 37U 37%
21% 21% 2.1H 21%
21% 21»i 21% «H
20% 20% ZO'.i 20^t
11 45 11 47% 11 40 11 «
-
6 97^ 6 97% 6 92% 6 924
6 95 6 95 6 90 6 92%
6 67H 6 B"H 6 55 6 57^
6 65 6 67^ 6 62^4 6 57'.*
ARTICLES.
(Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Hour, barrels g oco
Wheat, bushels 2s OOO
:orn. bushels 1I7000
*? b US he| 8 ::;;; g^
rty«, bushels
3arley. bushels *.*.'.' 'js.'ooo
8.000
23,000
2S0.00O
10.000
1,000
ADCTION_SALES
£v AUCTION SALE! £.
MONDAY MORNING | ? .^ May % m
_. . , • . At 11 o'clock.
The highest bidder the buyer regard'eia ni
Prtce. Stock Is now at saleiyard
HORSE EXCHANGE.
w-?T H ?7?, rd ~ Street ' near Third.
WILLIAM G. LAYNO. AuctioneerBen I. Salomon, chairman; Charles H. Hol
comb. vice chairman; George A. Folsom, secre
tary; F.A. Jennings, treasurer.
Liberty Lodgo— B. I. Ealomon, Thomas Bll-
THE local lodges of the Knights of
Honor have arranged for . a grand
excursion and picnic at Glenwood in
the Santa Cruz Mountains on the
30th inst. In addition to the usual events
on euch an occasion there will be intro
duced a vaudeville programme In which
James E. Donohue, the Bennett sisters.
Professor Rocksberry, little Ethelyn Cra
mer, MIbs Lottie Galsing. Harry .Niemann
and Charles Orr- will present their spe
cialties. Ben I. Salomon, A. G. D.. will
deliver an address J of wdcome and
Charles F. Curry. Secretary of State, who
is a supreme representative of the order,
will deliver an oration. The entertain
ment committee, is corrfposed of Fred
Raabe. A. Morris. B. E. George, William
H. Howard and F. W. Gilman.
The following named compose the gen
eral committee:
llngslea, Jamee A. Johnston, W. J. Lanestaff
\V. H. T. Berrlll W. L... Fursman. B. E.
O«orgfe. R. A. A. Summers, Charles P. Curry.
Friendship Lodge— A. O. Lyle. William Helen.
Saxon Lodge— F. L. Archibald, W. P. Archi
bald. H. F. Marsh. R. Holselght, J. B. Grif
fith. W; M. Statham. John D. Learned. Union
Lodge — Charles G. Schaefer, C. S. Muttlng, T.
Tomlinson. Norman Lodge — N. H. Hlrshf'eld
J. Morris. W. J. Kelly, F. William Zehfuss.
Eureka Lodge — I. P. Behan, George F. Denning
A. Carl. Ivy Lodge— Thomas Corbett. A Bar
thold If. Schwartz, H. Wanhold, w. Van Ronu
Jr.. Charles A. Garthorn. Polar Star Lodge-
Thomas Learned. E. C. Housley, • Dr. W. Z.
King. Yosemite Lodge — George A. Folsom W.
D. Uaddeley, H. Magner. American Eagle
Lodge— P. J. Smith. William Desney, L. Axt
man. Germanla Lodge— B. Mangels, Charles
Lampe, John Wrede, A. Stelku. Yerba Buena
Lodge— M. L. Crow. Thomas Johnston, C. B
Wedekind. A. M. Maepherson. William H. How
ard. Robert Sweetman. T. Martin. S. J. Thomas
Keystone Lodge — E. F. Joy, Fred Raabe, F A
Jennings, James J. Maher, John W. Cramer,
Andrew Olsen, E. T. Minnehan, U. J. Tuska,
Charles H. Holcomb. ¦ Leland Stanford Lodge—
J. J; Berau. R. J. Sands. E. P. Thyes, A. Mor
ris. ¦-- San Francisco Lodge— Adam Loh A. H
Voigt. W. S. Lane, G. A. Wanamaker. H. L.
Farrier.
Bincon Club Will Entertain.
The Rincon Club, which has been re
cently organized, will give Its first dance
and entertainment at Union-square Hall
this evening. The affair promises to be a
success. The committee is working hard
procuring taieoU Tte members of Com-
Volunteer Native Sons.
Thursday evening. June 7. Army and
Navy Parlor No. 207. Native Eons of the
Goiden West, will give a promenade con
cert and entertainment in Native Sons'
Hall, on Mason street. The object is to
raise funds to purchase a banner and a
flag for the parlor to display at parades
and public functions. There will be an in
t'-resting programme presented, the mus
ical numbers alternating with the dances
Tho grand march will be at 8:45 o'clock"
The commlttcf in charge Is composed of
II. F. MoOurrr-n. M. A. Nathan. It J
Ciine. M. W. Wilkins. George Carr, Henry
Bucking. James Foley. ¦ 8. A. Newman.
Gf-orpe T. Balllnger, c. R. Detrick. H.
Dftrick. F. S. Drady and H. P. Leonard
Army and Navy Parlor Is formed of the
Native Son members of the First Califor
nia Volunteers and of those Native Sons
who served in other organizations in both
army and navy during the Spanish wax
KNIGHTS OF HONOR TO
PICNIC AT GLENWOOD
WILL OF JOHN HUSTON
IS FILED FOR PROBATE
Decedent Bequeaths Valuable Estate
to Friends and Relatives — Har
riette Cowell's Testament.
The will of John Huston, who died at
the Lick House on the 21st lnst, was filed
for probate yesterday. Decedent be
queaths an estate valued at about $250,
000 as follows: To Isabella Martin, a cou
sin, who resides in Philadelphia. $18,000,
of which $2000 is to be paid to her sister,
Margaret Johnson; to Thomas Huston, a
cousin, residing in Philadelphia, $12,000;
to Kendrick B. Soule of the Lick House,
J.VKX). The residue of the estate is de
vised to his nephew, John Pollock, who
resides In Victoria, Australia, and his
niece, Mattie "Wright, who resides In New
Zealand.
John R. Whitney, James Simpson and
Kendrick B. Soule are named as execu
tors of the testament. They are to re
ceive $1500 each for their services In ad
dition to the commissions allowed by the
court. The will bears date of June 16,
1S91, and is witnessed by A. N. Drown
and Homer P. Saxe.
The will of the late Harrlette E. Cow
ell, who left property exceeding $10,000 in
value, was also filed for probate. De
cedent bequeathed her estate to her chil
dren, Isabella M., Ernest V., Samuel H.,
Sarah E. and Helen E. Cowell.
Caledonian Entertainment.
The spring entertainment and dance o:
the Caledonian Club in Scottish Hall las
evening was one of those pleasing func
tlons ever given by this association. Thi
attendance was large and it greatly en
Joyed the excellent programme preparet
by A. M. Maepherson. F. F. Finlay am
A. McNair, the literary committee. Th»
numbers presented were:
Bagpipe selections, Nell Lindsay: Highland
dancing (in costume)— Miss Sheila Smith. Miss
Georgia Bacon, Mies Tlllie McDonald and Miss
Marian Sidney Smith: a few harpy moments
¦with \V. J. Hynrs: selections. Mission Mando
lin and Guitar' Club; Shakespearean recita
tion, Panlel Edward Hanlon; Scottish voca!
selections. Mrs. M. McGlade: sword dance (Ir
costume), Master J. Prosper Forest; something
to please all, James Donohue.
Under the supervision of the floor com
mittee — Andrew McNair, J. E. MacCor
mack, J. Bradford Mathews and W. W.
Finlayson— there was dancing until a late
hour.
''Red" Raynes Arrested.
Herbert, alias "Red" Raynes. a well
known character of the tenderloin, was
arrested last night by Police Officers Clark
and Joy and charged with grand larceny.
He met R..T. Clifton, second mate of the
schooner' James G. Garfleld, Thursday
night and after drugging him robbed him
of $35. He divided the stolen money with
a woman who is known as Violet Brooks
She was also arrested and booked on tht
same charge.
Young Men in Trouble.
John Nesbltt and Joseph Winn, both
young men, were arrested last night by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and charged
with burglary. It Is claimed they broke
Into the room of John McKenna In the
King House, at Fourth and Howard
streets, last Tuesday night anfl stole
clothing valued at $75. The property was
found in a pawn shop where it had been
disposed of by the two prisoners."
St. Mary's Alumni.
The annual meeting of the Alumni Asso
elation of St. Mary's College will be hel<
at the Sacred Heart College at 2 p. m. to
morrow.' Election of officers and othe:
business of Importance will come befon
the meeting. Next Tuesday evening 'thi
association will hold its annual reunloi
and dinner.
1 Canada Is prepared to take a liberal
slice of the British war loan. The Domin
ion is sending her sons to South Africa,
and she is also willing to exchange her
gold for the war bonds of the British Em
pire.
Two Venturesome Youths Captured
While IVaiding the Hare Corral
at Ingleside.
Albion Erlckson and James Gorman, two
industrious youths, aged respectively 11
and 14 years, took it Into their heads to
have rabbit stew for their meals for the
next week. This very laudable ambition
might have been realized but for unex
pected interference with their carefully
laid plans. The youthful strategists had
succeeded in gaining an entrance into the
THEIR DREAMS OF RABBIT
PIE RUDELY DISPELLED
corral of the Ingleslde Coursing Park,
where the hares are kept until turned out
for the dogs to kill on racing days. The
boys barricaded the escapes and with long
poles succeeded in killing eight, hares,
when they were detected by the watch
man. Police Officers C. M. Shore and W.
King of Captain Glllln's troopers were
summoned and soon effected the capture
of the raiders. They were lodged behind
the prison bars on charges of petty, lar
ceny.
De Keercheiter without any further
pnrley struck Byrne on the face, knock
ing him down. He jumped on him. and
planting his knees on his chest continued
to strike him on the face and body. De
Keercheiter is a tall mnn, with long gray
whiskers, and Byrne managed to get hold
of them with his left hand and twisted
them till he yelled with' the pain. "".*
"When I asked him for the rent," said
Byrne, "he wanted two rooms repapered
and painted. I told him that the land
lady was sick and it would be better for
him to wait for another month and she
could look at the rooms. He said he
would not pay the rent unless the room?
were attended to, nnd I said he knew
what he could do if he was not satisfied.
He could quit."
mICHAEL BYRNE, a collector of
rents, told Judge Cabaniss yes
terday that when he next called
upon John de Keorchelter, 2
Himmelmrnn place, ha would arm hirr-
Folf for the fray, lie had occasion to call
upon De Keercheiter Tuesday night for
his month's rent. De Keercheiter is a
scissors grinder and perambulates tho
f-trrets with hi.s apparatus, while his wife,
a little woman, plays a hand organ at
Sutter and Kearny streets to get nickel3
from tho sympathetic, as she says she i»
the mother of three children, who depend
upon her for support. Byrne says that
at no time that he called at the house
did he ever see any children.
Byrne was so badly shaken up by th*
fiffht that h«» was unr\ble to leave his
houre till yesterday morninjr. The Judg«>
instructed the warrant clerk to issue a
warrant for De K?*rchriter's arrest on
the charge of assault with intent to com
mit mayhem. The penalty 1r from one to
fourteen years* Imprisonment. '
"Let go my whiskers." he shouted, but
Byrne held on. De Keercheiter grabbed
hold of Byrne's right hand and inserted
his teoth into the fleshy part. Byrn*
pcroamed with pain, and in his despera
tion wrenched the whiskers so hard that
a handful camp out. De Keorcheiter got
Byrne's forefinger and middle finger into
his mouth and bit clear through to the
bonp. This ended the fight, and Byrne
hurried to a physician and had his wound
ed hand dressed.
TORONTO, Ont.. May 25.— The track
was faet. Results:
Five furlongs— King Carnival won, Hapsburg
second. Royal Salute third. Time, 1:09.
Five furlonr»— Flicker won, Goose Skin sec
ond Litigation third. Time. I:CCV6.
Hunters Flat handicap, mile and a half— Joe
Miller won. Dryden second, Abbotsford third.
Time 2:51.
Six furlongs— Expelled won. Flying Bess sec
ond Prince Plaurible third. Time, 1:18H.
Steeplechase, two and a. half miles— Master
Fred won. Charlie O second, Angus third. Time.
6:11.
One mile— MaJdstone won. Eln second. Kittle
Regent tbLrd. Time, 1:4.6.
CINCINNATI, May 25.— AVeather clear,
track fast at Newport to-day. • Results:
One mile— Philippine won, Sarilla second, Rice
thiid. Time. 1:42.
One mile aad seventy yards. sellinK— Dandy H
won. Flnem Regplce second, Headley third.
Time. 1:47.
Five furlongs, selling— Telephone Girl won,
Volkman second, Irving Mayor third. Time,
'fiU furlongs, KelllnR— Oconee won. Agitator
second. Osmon third. Time. 1:14H.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Frtesland
won. Beana second. Village Pride third. Time,
Six* furlongs, selling— Uttle Veronica won. The
Grinder second. Oily Oamln third. Time. 1:15.
Five furloncs, srlling— Benson Caldwell won,
Battue second, Ben Majren third. Time, 1.03%.
One mile and seventy yards— Ennomla won,
Orion second. Donnle third. Time, 1:47%.
Four and a half furlonirs. selling- — Clnara won,
Krtith Q eeconrt. Scorpolette third. Time, :5S.
One Mile — Major ManMr won, Wax second,
Elsie Venner third. Time, l:43Vi.
Five and a half furlonzs— Madam Gerst won,
Irma S second, Moneyback third. Time, l:09^i.
Ore and half mil<»s, gellir.K — Admetus won,
Holil Ur> second. Julius Caesar third. Time,
2:37%.
CHICAGO. May 25.-Weather clear:
track good at Lakeside to-day. Results:
ST. LOT-IS. May 25.— Results at th*
Fair erou n d3:
Six furlongs— Tom Gilmore wen. Ruby RUey
second. Miss I^oretta third. Time, 1:15%.
Seven furlcr.KF— The Siirite won. Glen Lake
second, Unfflfd third. Time. l:2S*i.
Five furlontf-Fmall Jack won. South Breeze
pecond, Fr«>d iierels third. Time. 1:03.
One mile, i.uree— The Monk won, Skillman
recond. GotoV>ed third. Time, 1:42.
Sir furlongs, purse, selling— Vaci Vance won,
Hinncker second. Bertha Nell third. Time, 1:15.
Seven furlongs. nellln?r— Hariie Floyd won,
imp. Cl<,ns!Ila second, Myster>- third. Time,
l:2»»i.
Results of the Races Throughout the
AT VARIOUS TRACKS.
Philadelphia and Brooklyn Increase
Their Percentages.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club!«— W. L. Pc. | Club.«=— W L Pc
Philadelphia IS « .(K7 Ft. Louis 14 13 .BIS
Brooklyn 1* 11 .•C'Clnrlnnatl ...12 15 .444
Chicago 1<> 13 .MJKew York....? 17 .34C
I'ittsburB ....IS 14 .$3", Hnsto n 7 IS .2S>>
CINCINNATI. May 2:.— With two men out in
the tenth innlngr Pc'tz hit for two bases, and
Scott, who had struck out twice before, hit
the left field fence, pcorir.fj Pritz with the wln
nin? run. It was a nitchers' tattle. In which
8*cott excelled. Attendance, 'W. Score:
Club-— R. H. E.
Cincfnr.arl" .: V.. ..;..:.;.....-. :. 2 6 5
Boston 17 0
Katteries— Scott ar.d Wood; Lewis and Sulli
van. I'mpire^ — Swartwood.
CHICAGO. May 2S.— For five Innings to-day
the rame was the prettiest kind of a contest.
Brooklyn lx^an hunting in the sixth and the
locals went to pieces, four errors and five hits
frivlng the champion? seven runs. Cunningham
then replaced Garvln and was pounded for five
hits and four runs. Attendance, 5700. Score:
Club*— R. H. E.
Chicago , 3 8 4
Brooklyn 12 14 1
Batteries — Garvln. Cunnlnrham and Donahue;
Dexter. McGinnity and McGuIre. Umpire —
Emflie.
ST. LOUIS. May 2S.— Philadelphia won to
day's pame on a fluke. Thomas* single and
McGraw's error of Slagle's grounder put two
nr>n en the bases In the sixth. Delehanty sac
rificed. Lajole hit to Keister. The latter tried
to cut off Sla-ele at third, but threw wild.
MrOraw was injured In the melee and three
runs crossed the plate. Attendance, £100.
Ft. Louis 16 2
Philadelphia S 6 0
Batteries— Jones ar.d Criger; Bemhard and
McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
PITTPBURG. May 23. — An apparent over
cinfidpnee was responsible for Plttsburt losing
to-day. Hawley worked hard to defeat his old
club 'mates nnd kei>t the hits well scattered.
Attendance, 2400. Score:
p£fe t H s E 6
New York < » 2
Batteries — Leever, Waddoll and Zlmmer;
Hawley and Bowerman. Umpire — O"Da.y.
American Association Games.
BUFFALO. May K.— Buffalo 4, Kansas City
DETROIT, May 23.— Detroit 5. Milwaukee 2.
CLEVELAND. May 25.— Cleveland 4, Chi
ra jNDIANArOLIS. May 25.-Raln Interfered
with the game to-day in the third inning, with.
' Ind'anapolis 1 run to Minneapolis 0.
LEADERS ADVANCE.
Daniel McCulloiigh, hotel keeper of San
Francisco, filed a petition in insolveney
jresterday In the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $1056 and his as
sets $1010.
Bankrupt Hotel Keeper.
NEW YORK— Magistrate Z-IIer. in the Jef
ferson Market Police Court, held seven persons,
offimrv and director?, afainst whom tum
mtnfes were lrsued as rrganlzers of th<?
Annerican Ice Company for violation of the
lav.s r+\ztir.sr to mono;>oly. In $Jf"CO ball each
ft-r th«^ Grand Jury. The action was taken on
the waiver of an examination by 'their coun-
LOP AN'GEI-ER- A. T. Tean-on, a th»«trtca:
rranajrer. rorrrserly In charsrc of the Burbar.!:
Theater here, has filed a petition In bankruptcy
la the I'r.Itf-d Ptat»s Circuit Court here. His
I'feb'.Iitlefi r.re I'laced ct $51,000 and his assets
rr» $;w worth of clothes, which are exempt.
IVarfu ow<»« Richard K. Fox of New York
J-V-00 and 113.'^'') to oth«>r New York parties.
DENVER. Colo.— The apartments of llrs F
M. Betts. v.ife of a well-known rhysiclan. at
ZT.z; Court p1»c«>. v T f entfTi'l by a bureiar
an<1 dlamTi'ls am! mh»r }ev.t.lry valued at
C3M0. were stolen. Rny Prock. a youn»r man
ItTfSC in the house. hm« tjee n arrested on sus
t.;cion. but none of th« Ftolcti articles have
b«vn recovered.
LOS ANGELEP-Cartain J. J. Meyler. enjtl
r.err ir; charge of the Pan Pedro harbor work,
t^-day it-ceiveil notifl'-ation that hi«i rvcommen
datl^-n that the \.id of the CnHfornla '¦onstruc.
tion Cnrrr*ny for th« completion of the work
et Pan Pedro b* accept M has b»rn ado.,t<><l b»
the War Pepgrtmer.t and th» contract awarded.
CLKVKLANn-Hort#rt Noyes. a l.roker. who
t.ss shot while wtlk'.ng <>n Euclid avenue,
Qied without havinir rrra'.ned conswIouFne's.
It was at first believed that Xoye* had b«en
*?taclte<i l,y fnntpsd«. but the j«M!e« are now
incl!n*-<l to think otherwiso. There U much
Tnypt^rj- surr^un^ir-r the rase.
WASHCfCTOIC COT-RTHOUPK. Ohio— An
r-xrln*ion in the varnlfhlni? room of the Wa*h-
Ir.irton chair factory caured a fire that d»
ftroyed the establishment. The Joss ig egtl
mfited >>t |.v».0«>. with t20.000 insurance. Over
Y^ men are thrown out of employment. The
factory *ill 1* rebuilt.
EUSIKQ PT'N. In<!.— EflwanJ Carver fhot and
V:iIIe<i Wi!::«m Patterson fn a political quarrel
at the Republican primary at Florence. Carver,
¦who raf a candidate for Fh«riff. has fle<l t'»
Kentucky. If carver is caught the extrai-litinn
Question between Kentucky and Indiana wFil
couht'esf be ro-ised.
LOS ANOELE?-The ly s Anrelep City Water
Company to-day filed a suit apair.st the city ot
!,-»* Anrele« In the Vnited Ptates C/lrcuft Court,
»:!>klm? for an injunction f> prevent the enforce
ment of the <-ity ordinance flxlns water rates.
The company alleges that the city has no right
to Cx t-e rates.
VITTPTU'RO— The Rev. Dr. Richard Lea. the
Oldest PrefbyteriRn mir.ister in Pennsylvania.
uri rrobably in the United States, I? dead
af his home In New Alexandria, Pa. He had
t>~~n m only a short time. Or. I>>a vat M
yars of age and *u ordained elxtjr-four years
EVANf=YlLI,E. Ind.— Joseph Ke'.th and son
Were arr*s--t« i d at F.lberfield. chare"d tilth Th«
nmrder of Nora Klfer, vhnse body was founl
*.n the rlvt-r here recently. William Clark,
¦nh'- came to Evansvllle. March 2S. to marft-
The frirl. vw also arrest'*'! as a witness.
FVRACT.-FE. N. T.-Mr». I^uise Foster was
trardered iv the Collins Bl'>rk by Ernest Hccht.
He first r^or.ed her an 1 ! then attempted to
tske h;f> own life. He confessed the crime.
« hlr.rnf<-.rm »«s the means by which Hecht
roteooetf the »-om«n.
UnrtLIN— Albert Zl<"then. who, thoug-h now
believed to h» innocent, was enrnietf-d cf mur
t r-\ has alrr-ady served fixtef-r. years under
Fdttcsce of life imprisonment, ha? had an
ther rr. -Aon tor a new trial denied by the
ourt.
C<~>T,L"MJ3r"S. Ohio — Richard GsMbt. «<•
rcteed of <-utr»p!r.sr and nuri»r;ng little Eth»l
Lone la tbia county, was broncbt here by ;rain
irom Ather.f. where he came near belnj?
lynched nt n.'.dr.-ght, and placed In the County
TIE? MOTNES. Iowa— The last day of the
Xaticoal ccr.pi-ef:,: "f Mother* wa» marked by
th« ad-^pti^r. of resolutions of a simple char
terer and devoid of cer.satJonalism. Woman
FuJTrace was ignored.
L ATTON VlLLE, Cal.— Government Purveyor
I. Vf.rd of Washington is here with a staff
of ten assistants. They pror*- 1 *" taking up all
fractional parts of ur.fjrveyed grazing and red-
v ¦•• A tirr.l^-r !an.Js.
ETNA, ''al— On Monday last William Klein,
en o!d tr.ir.T of Eddys Gulch. Sisk'.you County.
t<-"k ect of hi? placer claim two nuggets of
F»*a— one ralued at J5S and one valued at
PHILADELPHIA— eignor Giuseppe del Pu
erile, the widely known barytone, died tud
<Jt-n!y at his fvrne In this city. EH»eth -was due
to apoplexy. He we* €0 y»-ars of p.ge.
ly.">Nrw\v_ William Waldorf Actor has sent
B r-h.-. k f r inr.r;-' to the Maidenhead
Rorpltal in celebration of the coming of age of
hi* eldest eon.
WIN'-NA. Ind.— The vault of the Har.k of
Dover, u adjacent town, was blown open by
burgle-* nr.d ti'-r-n taken. The bnnslan escaped.
ATHHNP. Ohio— Richard Gardner, the col
<r?<3 prisoner, who so narrowly *-scap»d iynch-
Ine. vai teat tn Columbus for pafcke^p'.ng.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS .
IN CONDENSED FORM
Alexander N.imbos, a steamship fireman.
was arrested last night on a charge of as
sault with a deadly- weapon. lie Is accused
of cuttinp Refupla Oampo, a woman re
siding at 21 Hinckley alley. He pays she
fell through a window, and she says he
assaulted her with a hatchet.
Cut by Window or Hatchet.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Commandery in Chief, with
th«> FugTireptlon that It request that similar
action be t»k»n. not only by each commandery
of the SoHetjr of American Wars hut by all
kindred American organizations; and also that
tach body to whom Fuch suceestion is made be
requested to furnish a copy of the resolution
so n<jor>je<1 to the newspapers published In Its
vicinity that the pr*ss may l»nd Its aid to the
eftaHlshmer.t of this most desirable custom.
HENRY GLASS. Commander.
WILLIAM HHNRY ANDERSON, Recorder.
Resolved. That !t be the duty of the Com
ranions of tbe California Commandery of the
Society of American Wars to preet the Ameri
can flae with uncovered h*ad whenever it Is
borne as the einhlem of the republic; and be
it further
The following resolution, proposed by
Archibald J. Treat, has been promulgated
by a rirrular by California Commandery.
Society of American Wars:
SHOULD BARE THEIR
HEADS TO THE FUG
Committees Meet and Settle Minor
Matters for the Observance
of the Day.
The Memorial day committees met last
night at the California Hotel and com
pleted arrangements for the celebration
on the 30th.
The line of march will be as follows:
p ew Montgomery street to Market, to
Kearny, to California, countermarch to
Market, to Golden Gate avenue, to Van
>ess avenue, to Lombard street, to Pre
sidio.
The organization and formation will be:
Grand marshal. Colonel Tharles Boxton:
chief of FtafT, Charles H. Minn: chief aid.
J. C. Currior: al<ls to Krand marshal— W. J.
\\a»»=rn. j. m. S.h!aud<»rker. J. Kioman. J.
A. ¦\Vhit«M<W. -I. G. Gi^stlni;. D. O«»ary. Jo»?p!i
Knowltcn. O. V. Huli^r. Krank Warren. John
Murphy. G. \V \rburkle GewtW Stevens, S.
M. larr. iharlce Tild<?n. Abbott A. Hankc
Alfred KeUrher, P. J. P-rkins. William dolly;
Chief c,{ P«l!re f.n'i po!!ri» fnrres of San Fran
rtsoo; Mayor, R..nr<1 of Supervisors and city
official?: "band: iirtarhments United States
srrr.v: First R"e'rr>» > nt, N. O. C. ; Fignal corps,
N. <J. C. : nav.il militia. N. G. C: cavalry
troop. X. «;. C. : han.1; Veteran Guard of Cali
fornia. G A. K : AFFor|at»d Vet? raris . of the
Mexican War: T,!n<-Hn Port No. 1. G. A. R. :
O^rcc H. Thonwi Post No. 2. G. A. K. : James
A. Garfield PuFt No. 34. rj. A. R. : Colonel Car?
P.'ft No. 4?. «"} A. R.: 'iTifral George G.
Mead" Pom No. 4S G. A. R. : Liberty Post. No.
IX'. G. A. n.; band: Garrison IMJ Regular
Army and Navy t'n'.on: Army and Navy Parlor
No 2"7 N S. G. W.. Veterans of the Spanish
War; Columbia Park Roy* - Club: drum corps;
P->ns of the American Revolution; other mlli
t.->.ry end ctvi<- organization*.
MEMORIAL DAY PLANS
ARE FINALLY APPROVED
WtTH the letting of the contract
for the. foundations of the
eleven-story building to be erect
ed by Alvinza Hay ward on the
northeast corner of California and Mont
gomery streets It Is realized that the con
struction of the building is close at hand.
The debris Is nearly cleared away. There
has been some progress in the past week
in connection with the plans for the new
building- to be erected where the Mer
chants: Exchange building stand on Cal
ifornia street. As mentioned exclusivelj
in The Call two weeks ago, the consent
of the stockholders In the Produce Ex
change is practically unanimous. Tht
value of the California-street property
has been estimated by the appraisement
committee for purpose of sale to the new
organization to be formed at $290,000.
The most Important sale of local realty
during the week was that of the Calvary
Presbyterian church property, Powhi
and Geary streets. The land only was
sold, the churcn people retaining tne
uuiiaing, which is to be removed after six
months. A. S. Baldwin of Baldwin &
Howell was the nominal purchaser. He ia
supposed to represent New 1'ork pnrttes.
The lot brougnt *.4u,uu0. It fronts 9/:t> leet
on Powell street and 137:6 on Geary. 91.
4- Gunst some time ago paid $l»4,oOO for
the southwest corner or Geary and i*owetl
streets, c5xl»2:6, with a brick building on
it. The land for which the church will
receive $24u.ouO cost $17,000 In lib*. The.
Spring \ alley property on the southeast
corner of Geary and Stockton streets,
which was sola in 1S75, brought JW.0W.
That is a whole 50-vara.
In addition to the Calvary Church sale
Thomas Magee & Sons have within three
days sold $1.5,Gw worth of property below
Market street to one of the largest man
ufacturing establishments In ban Fran
cisco. They have also sold to another
local firm a piece of property also below
Market street for $55,00u upon which a
factory will be Immediately erected. They
have also closed a sale on the south side
of Eddy street. 137:6 feet west of Mason.
55 feet front by 137:6 feet deep, for $58,300
No details are given out yet. The Calvary
Church sale was the most important ever
made around Union Square.
Easton & Eldridge report the following
sales for the past week: Rivers Bros, to
H. C. Sutro. hotel of thirty rooms and lot
40:4x100 feet on the south side of Twenty
sixth street, 100 feet east of Mission, $7000:
Thomas estate to F. W. Noltemeir, two
houses and two flats on lot 27:6x120 feet,
on the south side of Bush street. 165 feet
west of Polk, $6500; Columbia Building and
Loan Association to , stores and dwell
ing on lot 137:fixlO3:"6 feet on the south
west corner of Baker and Jefferson
streets, $650"}; estate of Grace Captthorne
to Minnie Lucchessl. two flats on lot 25x
100 feet on south side of Howard street,
3126 feet east of Twelfth, $5050; \V. F.
Lapidge to L. O. Adams, lot 30x100 feet
on northeast corner of Nineteenth and
Lapidge streets, $+>v». For Mrs. Minnie
I'. Shotwell, routheast corner of Dolores
and Twenty-second streets, r>]xll7€ feet.
$12,500; east side Dolores street. ?1 feet
south of Twenty-second. 50x177:6 feet.
$1700; northeast corner of Twenty-sixth and
Bryant streets, 140x100 feet. For Dean es
tate—West corner of Twenty-ninth street
and Tiffany avenue, 48x7 feet, $1300: north
side Twenty-ninth street. 40 feet west of
Tiffany, 2Sx90 feet. J70O-, north side Twen
ty-ninth street, 60 feet west of Tiffany,
25x99 feet. $700. M. Meyerfeld to - Mar
quard, lot on north line of Waller street,
32:6 feet west of Shrader, 25x100 feet,
$1300.
Among the releases of the past week
are the following: Antoine Borel to
Adolphe Schneider and J. V*. Bretonnel,
property on Jackson street, west of Du
pont. and corner of Freelon and Fourth
streets. $20,000: Humboldt Savings and
Loan Society to Fernando Nelson, prop
erty on Noe and Twenty-fifth streets,
$9000; German Savings and Loan Society to
William Hinkel, southeast corner of
Washington and Hyde streets. $13,000: Hl
bernla Savings and Loan Society to John
L. and Thomas F. Norton, southwest cor
ner of Polk street and Pacific avenue. $10,
600.
The larger mortgages of the week were
as follows: Belle McLea. Mary Hoens and
Annie Eaton to Lewis Dusenbery. south
line of Mission, east of Fourth street, $10,
000 for three years at 6 per cent; Adolphe
Schneider and Jules V. Bretonnel to Ed
ward J. Le Breton,' north line of Jackson
west of Dupont street, and corner Fourth
and Freelon streets, $15,500 for two years
at 6 per cent; Jane E. and Charles M. Bel
shaw to the Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, west line of Beale north of MIs
eion street, $55,000 for one year at 6 per
cent: Louis Zeh to the Security Savings
Bank, west line of Van Ness avenue south
of Fulton street, $9600 for three years at
6 l i per cent: Ellas J. Baldwin to the 111
bernia Savings and Loan Society, on prop
erty on Market. Webster. Fell, Oak. Cali
fornia. Stevenson streets and outside of
the county, $75,000 for one year at 6 per
cent. »
Deeds have been recorded as follows:
William H. L. and Mary M. Barnes to
Frank A. Losh. residence property on
Sutter street, S53.0S8: Arthur McLea to
Annie Eaton et al.. south line of Mission,
east of Fourth street. 50x100, and the cor
ner of Bu3h and Dupont streets. 2Sx22.
$40,771; Peter Dean to the Peter Dean Com
pany, various pieces of property in the
Mission and Western Addition, $45,500; es.
tate of Charles J. Behlow to Louis Zeh.
west line of Van Ness avenue. 45 feet
south of Fulton street. 23x109:9. $16,000:
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to
Henry E. Bothin. property on Clay. Mont
gomery and Sacramento streets. $,)0.000.
Builders' contracts are on record as fol
lows: Dr. George W. Merritt with George
Davis & Son. contractors, to move a frame
house from northeast corner of Mason
and Sutter streets to Washington, between
Buchanan and Webster streets; A. Aron-
The License Committee certainly cannot bar
den the taxpayer and real estat? owner with
such taxes as would naturally retard him
from owning property. There ar* but few
pieces In the city that are paylnr sufficient In
come on Investment after dejuctlnsr the taxes
and Insurance, and to burden the owner -with
these additional taxes or licenses, we would
consider unjust and unreasonable. Light
well? are benefl'-lal to the health. simDlv he
cause they ventilate the basements of bulld
lnes which as a rule are dark and unhealthy.
I think !f you will look Into this matter before
having this license ordinance passed yrvu win
find you will be doing the property owner a
sreat Injustice and a detriment to the real
estate Interests of this city. I trust that you
will modify this. *o that. If the city is com*
pelled to get a revenue, a tax of & few dollars
a year on the light wells you will find will b»
sufficient and right and not $2 a foot.
The recommendation of the License
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
for a schedule of licenses on sidewalk ele
vators, projections on sidewalks and light
wells Is the topic of lively discussion
among the owners of business property.
H. P. Sonntag has written to Supervisor
McCarthy claiming that a license of $2 per
foot on light wells or gratlnsrs on the side
walks wocld Impose a tax in many in
stances that would exceed the assessed
tax on the property. He Instances one
building upon which the license charge
for gratlrg would be from JfiO to $w> per
year. The gratings, he says, are mostly
on old buddings thaf were erected thirty
to forty years ago. Part of the communi
cation, which is of general interest. Is a3
follows:
The Calvarv Presbyterian Church eon
gTrgatlon will at once erect probably the
finest church structure on the Pacific
''oast on the lot purchased thre*> years
ago on the northwest corner of Fillmore
and Jackson streets. The lot la covered
by two-story buildings, some of them in
flats.
A. M. Speck will start for an extended
Eastern tour next Tuesday and will be ab
sent from the city about two months.
The Laymance Real Estate Company of
Oakland will offer at public auction at
their salesroom. 460 and 4fi2 Eighth street,
on Saturday. June 2. at 2 p. m.. a choice
list of miscellaneous improved and un
improved Oakland properties. By refer
ring to The Call columns a list of the
property can- be secured. The recent In
formation of Mr. Grant of the Santa Fe
Railroad Company Beeuring control of the
California and Nevada Railroad, which
now enters Oakland, has created quite a
stir In real estate circles on the east side
of the bay. l~: '.: •
REAL ESTATE IS ACTIVE.
son with Vulcan Iron Works, extractors,
for a concrete, steel, and brick building
on the north !ine of Geary street.- 62 feet
east of Jones; Charles S. Mann with A.
Dahlberg. for a three-story and basement
frame building on the south line of O'Far
rell street. 192:6 west of Larkin; H. J-
Lyons with Peterson & Person, for a two
story and basement frame building on the
north line of Filbert street. 123 feet west
of Steiner; L. A. Bouteiller with A. Hur
there. for alterations and additions to a
two-story frame, building on the west side
of Twenty-second avenue, 125 feet north,
of. Clement street: Grace M. Anderson
with Weissman & Whiale. for alterations
and additions to a two-story and basement
frame builrling en the wpst line of Ashbury
street. i;#:9 south of Waller street: Anto
nio Luiale and Giovanno Ghiotto with
Luigi Cuneo and Norio Cavaglia, for a
two-story and three-story frame building
on the north line of Jackson street. 1S2:8
west of Powell: Hannah Nelson with J.
\V. Miller et al.. for a two-story, basement
and attic residence on the west line of De
visadero street, 66:3^ feet south of Broad
way: Mary E. Baldwin with John Wiren.
for alterations to a fonr-stnry building, to
bp moved: James <*. Penri^ with J. C
CaldweH. for n two-story frame, building
on the south line of CVFarrell street. 1S7:«
feet west of Octavi.i; G. MarsUli with P. A
Antoriplll. for a two-story and basement
frame residence on the north line of
Chestnut street. 68:9 feet east of Jones;
Josephine Cockrlll with Daniel Einstein,
for a two-story frame building on the
west line of Scott street. 77:Mi feet south
of Washington: Alvinza Hayward with
dishing. Wetmore & Co.. for excavating
and concrete work for area wall!* and
footings of walls and piers, ano. also for
all sidewalks and arches, for an eleven
storv and basement ofn>o building on th«
northeast corner of California and Mont
gomery streets, total IT.TOrt, architect O. TV .
Percy: F. H. Wutzen with Eastman
Brothers et al.. for a three-story frame
building, to contain six flats, on the south
line of Twenty-third street. 1*5:« f*»et east
of Fair Oaks: T>r. Albert Abrams with
Hannah Brothers, for alterations and im
provements to residence on the southwest
corner of Van Nes<» avenue and Califor
nia street, to eo?t JXW): Warren D. Clark
with A. Howklns. for a two-story, base
ment and attic fram* on the northwest
corner of Clay and Laurel streets.
Under a decree In partition In. the- suit
of John Curry vs. Thomas Graham e X,
the prooertv on the south line of c: ' a 5
street. 223 fee'- west of Kearny. 20x«0. and
the northeast corner of Fell and Buchan
an streets 12nx«2:<>. is awarded to John
Curry, and the property on the w^st line
of Sansome street. 93:4 north of Bush, to
the estate of Nathaniel Curry.
The property belonging to the estate of
Mrs Frank Pixley has been ordered ?old
by the executors. J. F. r». Curtis and the
Union Trust Company. Shainwald. Buck
bee & Co. have be*T» appointed sales
agents and are now engaged in subdivid
ing the property preparatory to disposing
of It. It comprises the old homestead
block on Green and Union streets, be
tween Fillmore and Stelner, and sums
other lots on Pteiner. Filbert and Green
wich streets. The executors, who are de
sirous of making a speedy sale of all the
property, have ordered the old residence
torn down and removed and have put
prices on all of the propertv. so that
within a short time the old Plxley home
stead block will be a thing of the- past a3
an pnttrptv.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. May L5.
Mrs. Mary F. Hilburn. who ¦will answer
to-morrow before Justice Morris of Ala
medt on a charp£ of petty larceny pre
ferred by Mrs. Joseph Maristany. Is a de
serted wife. She ¦was married at Vallejo
y*ars apo to lieutenant Howard Hil-
I urn at the cruiser Charleston. The next
. > the ve(=5cl left the harbcr for Japiin.
and ore of Us complement of officers was
Lieutenant Hilburn.
Fcr two years the young wife received
an occasional letter from her husband.
UEtO one day ghe was abruptly notified
13 that he would never return to
> was the last Mrs. Hilhurn ever
i from her husband. A few months
af> she employed attorneys to bring an
n for a divorce. This proceeding is
: o» being held in abeyance, she havinsj
neard since that her husband died at
irlte about a yar ago. Until this re
; " is investigated no further action will
: ¦•• taken In the divorce suit.
her desertion Mrs. Hllhurn has
been «"mploy«»d in several dry poods stores
n the capacity of saleswoman, and sev
eral months ago she went to work for
Mrs. Maristany at the latf-r's store in
A:ameda. About that tlm* Mr?. Maristany
. ::d her aged husband separated, she po-
Ing East, while he remained in the Encl
nal City. Wh^n Mrs. Maristany left she
risked Mrs. Hilburn to collect a bill of $23
ar.d forward it to hf>r by mail. On her
return a few days ago she had the young
•woman arrested on a charge of petty lar
ceny because of her alleged failure to ac
count for the $23.
Mrs. Hilhurr d<>r:lp«: the accusation and
claims that Mrs. Maristany is making
the charge in order to reinstate herself
in her husband's affections.
by Mrs. Joseph MarisUny, Is
the Wife of * a Naval
Officer.
Sad Story of a Young Woman
Charged With Petty
Larceny.
iirs- Trlary Hilburn, Who Is Accused
WAS DESERTED
THE 0111 AFTER
HER MARRIAGE
SCISSORS GRINDER MIXES
IT UP WITH A COLLECTOR
nl™ 5 " 6 8* the Cross Cadets, who
?fM,in,^ ,u cxha «sted their funds in
Sh P £n? thc «» se »ves for the competitive
fho'emertalnrien^ 6 Pr ° CeedS IeallZed by
THE SAN FRANCISCO UAJUIj, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
Curiosity Saves Life.
I A package marked quinine was secretly sen
to a bright woman, but being curious she tool
it to a drug-gist, who said It was not qutnlm
but arsenic. A like Inquiry. Into some of thi
medicines offered will certainly' detect the rals<
from the true. For half a century Hostetter*i
Stomach Bitters has been curing Indication,
constipation.- 'dyspepsia.' .liver -and klJnej
troubles and has never once tailed. Try It U
yqu rtel weak and tired. . . .
East.
11
The Chairman, Vice Chairman and Secretary of
the General Committee.
Slight Misunderstanding Between Landlord and Tenant.
THE MASSACRE OF
TAWI TAWI.
Thrilling story of how American soldiers
were slaughtered.
I I HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF
I I FROM A FOOTPAD.
SUNDAY" CALL
theI S all. "RUSHING" THE FRESHMEN
'm 11 mm h AT STANF0RD -
Exciting story cf the pranks played upon
;.-i the new students.
"OLD PARIS" -AT THE
EXPOSITION.
By The Sunday Call's special correspond
dent, GeneTieve Green.
jjj SUNDAY'S
*• CALL*.
EVOLUTION OF THE YACHT.
Told by an expert yachtsman.
OUR SOCIETY WOMEN AND
THEIR FADS. \
THE CALIFORNIA HORSE. iiJJ
p.i/ce
His many types frcm "Cayuse five cents
to thoroughbred. # cor*Y.
HEAD IT.
WILL THE BOERS, DEFEATED, "TREK" 1 I ( IT
TO GIRMAN SOUTH AFRICA?
TYPICAL SKETCHES BY THE
COW-PUNCHER ARTIST.
Life in Old Mexico as pictured by a cow
boy who has turned artist.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1900.
12
BA.N FRAXCISCO CAM*
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ran Fraac'seo
Ca.ll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 13 o'clock every rlsht In the year.
DXLAXCa Onil'll ti Iff? MoTitgromery street,
corner Clay: open until ?:S0 p. m.
£fO JIa:.es rtrert; oj>en until 9:30 p. m.
C29 MeAUHter street; open mrtn 9:30 p. m.
C!» Lsrklr. Rtrect; open ur.til 3:CD p. m.-
JMl Mission street: open until 10 p. ra.
J^Ol Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til S p. m.
JCO Eleventh street: cp»n ur.tll 9 p. ra.
I00C Valencia street: open ur.tll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
fjckr streets: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICE5.
REGULAR meeting cf the Past fA
Masters' Association, F. an;i A. £jvl
M. of California, win b* beld at if
Masonic 'Temple on SATl'R- /L^-A 1
DAY. Hay 26. 1&00. at 8 o'clock /Q^VtX
p. in. 1-iy ord«r of the Prei-i- #\*Jf\
dent. PKTER T. BARCLAY, fi *^V^Jv\
Secretary. StijJd3j>^V
Oi'CIJiEXTAL I^!.?e No. 22. F. an* A. jft
kk— THIS (KATCRDAT) AFTERNOON _^R_
¦t I 0'CiOCk; also 7:30: th'nl <i*gree. T^J?
tU«t(T Masons cordially invited. Uy t Mr
order of th^ W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, See.
EXC3SLSIOR I^odce No. 16G. F. and A. * I
M. -Special meeting THIS fSATUR- _£%__
DAY) EVX2OKO. May 26, at T o'clock. J22?
Third degree. THEO E. SMITH. Sec. '" x
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. i ( ±ffl8g3_
I. O. O. F. — Regular meeting =®S*S2&
THIS '.SATURDAY* EVENINii.
Third decree. -^y/»\«*~-
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its £ <y >_
thirty-fourth annual Fathering and 3V, £> uj
na.xr.es et Shell Mound Park on "i&Xx*
WEDNESDAY. May 30. The best ta£?fe
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over SCUO will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to V
p. ra. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
t... :.. :c. Over forty events on programme:
«,-et one. A Highland welcome with a full
day of pleasure to all. Buy round trip ferry
ticket? for £>he!l Mound Park. Admission to
grourOs. edults. &0c; children, 25c.
THE QaUfomJa Dcbtla Commission, having re-
ceived «i>rlicationn to mine by the hvdraulic
rroc^ss from Robert Hill. In the Uardners
'oir.t mine, near Port \V,ne. Sierra (."ounty.
tn dep-Fit tailings in Sawmill Ravine; from
Charles- Hilton, in the Dry Gulch placer mine.
u<^r Pleasant Valley. El Dorado County, to
deposit tallsiips In rjfjr Creek: from L. Kess.
!n the Woodchuck mine. In Gold Lake Mining
LMetrlCt, Sierra County, to deposit tallincs in
Woodcfanck Ha vine, and from the Golden Hill
Mining Company, in the (Joiden imj mine,
mar Hcwfl|t..n. Hutte County, to de;K3slt taU-
Ir.ps in St r:»\-lne. elves notice that a meeting
vi;i I* held ct room 59. Flr-.od builrlln*. fan
Francisco. CaJ.. on June It, 1300, at 1:30 p. m. I
A XX UAL mcetinjr— The regular annual meet-
loc of the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be h*ld at 227 Market
rt.. San Francisco. California, on MONDAY,
the rtth day of May. J300. at the hour cf 3 p.
m.. fcr the purpose of eltctir.g a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction cf roch other businesa as may
come befor* the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May IS. l»00. at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSOrc. Secretary.
AXXt'AL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Independent Elec-
trtck Llpht and Power Ccrrpany will t* held
Kt the f.fflce of the corr.tany. HI Market nt..
fen FraTT-isco. Cal.. en MONDAY, the 2Sth
day cf May. A. D. l!>00, at the hour of 11
o'rlo'-k a. rr... fi>r the purpose of electing a
koard cf flirectorB to eerve for the ensuinr
year and the trans-action of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting: trans-
fer book* will clo«e on Friday. May 25, liKK).
t; S o'clock p. tn.
J. M. TATT^OR. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTKD.
AGLnN'T, meTi or woman, to handle new book;
Fa'.cry «n<3 rcmmlissliii. Apply 611 Montuomrjr.
ASTROLOGY.
KCOr. A. MAPEHT of Egypt, greatest astrol-
• r '¦ and palm:«t In the world; satisfaction
iruarsr?e«><i. 55 Powell »t.
6CIEXTIFIC astrol-gy: readings. BOc; mail. Jl; j
horoecopfa. PROF. MOXBOE. IS Turk .
ATTOIt.NEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE be*; divorce la^r a specialty ; private:
r.o fee without rucceFs; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law. 850 Market. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. ?:: Market St.. room 62T; ail
rarer: no advance charges; call or write.
AI»VICE free; no charjre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S"27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bid?.. J27 Mar-
ket st. : consultation free: no fees tn advance.
M'.lll CABtXKT HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON Ji 4-parel folding: doer opens; firm
ar.l safe. \v. p. nP.OWX. gen, agt.. <:6 Ellis, j
UKLGIAX OA&ES.
ioOiTOO t WASST^ BEZX3IAK i HAaEsTiS
If so voulu It net j.ay you to buy hares that !
have been passed upon by a disinter* fted |
Judge?
SIRS. A. M. BUSH, who Is undoubt-d'.y the 1
bett poorer to be had, has scored all our hares :
up you get a score card signed by her with
your hare.
llar.y arsons have paid dealers large prices
fcr hares ar.<i u;«5n having them scored by I
Mrf. lii.sh have found thoy were not up to '
what th»-y were repr«>ser.tPd to them. '"A word I
to the wipe." etc. California Belgian Hare As- !
fclatii n, GEO. A. YOl'XG, manager, Ala- j
tn»-<la. Cal. :
BF1/SIAX HAKES— Saturday, Sunday and j
MooCay or.Iy at tuch prices: Lord Kdln- ;
boin 0>>»». ccore S^. 5 does 5*4 month?. Yukon |
Etock, tZZ toe"ther. or IS each; bred, choice i
of beck, a few Lord Uritalr.s at sacrifice; '
cn» BrtUSb Sovereign doe, 5 young, J1J; Joes '
tired. V, up; bucks, all Ftmlns. rf-asonable. j
Itemerr.b^r these prices hold good to Monday j
evor.ir.K only. Visitors Invited. 27 Valencia, j
AT THE HEAD OF OUR STUD— Imported j
FASHOPA KiXG. by Champion Fashoda. out
of dye b>- Pride of York. Choice pedigreed j
does, j-jft received, st reasonable rates. Our !
trwcieliy. rabbitry supplies of all kinds; nurse
<3o»^< rer.:<"<l. Onldrn <Jate B<;!eian Hare Co..
O>T'-C:] GMdon «ate aT». : tel. South C5L Oprn
Bundara & evenings. Ira Baker Da'.zl"l. prop.
TBOBOCGUBRED Belgian copy, bred to Hoyal
Hoverripr.. J10 to 520: to Emperor of Xorfolk,
J2 f - to toO; :i Ajas (highett-scorlng buck In
America). 339 to V.0: youngsters, all strains. 6
w*-fk«. li :.-:•: 10 »Mks, ?3 r,n ; a months. J3 and I
V :0. Kenwood tUbbttty. E30 »th St.. Oakland. |
6AX PAIiLO AVE. KAnP.nnr7~VJ> San
Pablo ave.. f takland— Thoroughbred Yukon I
youngsters. t2 .V> x<> i:. i^-r r-alr for few days !
to miik»' r<xjm. TOM V. Dt'TTON". manager. I
CLAREIIONT IWgian Hare Association— Does
bred to FashV.a Prince and Koyal Rochdale.
J10 to CO; beet strain youngsters, %i to f IS. ]
«:O6 Teiegiaf.1-. avo.. Oakland. ;
BKLGIAN Imrii. ai; sTzes. ch«-ap for a few
<lay« to rr.t:ke room: Yukon buck for service.
214 Golden Gate ave.
LORI) Fnphoda CV.'.ef. Imported March. 1000; !
score. Vii~; fee. !lt>: breedir.e do<»s and does I
with litters. EUT.EKA KABE1TRY, 1€!6 Turk. ]
TRFMON'T Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore «t..
fan Francisco, Cal —Pen d € cer.ts In stamps
Tor book en care and feeding.
BELGIAN hnre?— Partner ncnted; established
buslr>e.-«: p-rcat opportunity. Box 2S5S. Cell.
» ntCVCUSlj — For Snie or Uichnii;r.
NEW Cleveland bleycies; better than ever; {40.
LEAVITT & BILL. $09 Larkin Et.
GREAT burcatns In second-hand bicycles; from
$3 \H>: rend for list. LHAVITT & BILL. 309
larkin St.. Fan Francisco.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN*.
A PBTVATJS home for children by week or
month; one <!ay to 15 yeaia old; select neigh-
borhood; mother's care; tenr.s Jow; sunny
yard. 23«4 Part Ft.; tel. I^rkln 587; 2 bells.
GERMAN laiy wishes to beard children, near
Krliool: t-rmr read.: Hurry yard. 434 M'nrm.
DOOKS XKW AMI OLD.
SCHOOL POOKS r»5urht nnd exchanged.
Holmr-s TtrirM Co.. 7C< Mission st.. near Third.
ItOOT AXD -Mill: BARGAIN'S.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children'* shoes : drum-
tners' samples mfg. cnyt. ICohlbechcr. 141 4th.
lllSIXKSS CHAXC12S.
A^-?U?0?~sfATi6xEnY and ririety storT;
liroruinent etreet :.«th of Market; owner
there ovt-r lu years: living rooms; low rent;
Fteady business. STEXBKP.G CO., SU Markt.
A— tZTO; LAUNDKY route clearing $50 a month";
good horse and wag<.>n; full investigation and
trial eoliiited before buying; splendid oppor-
tunity. STENHERG CO.. B35 Market st.
JXO— BRANCH balterr. grocery and notions; 4
blocks fr"m Market st-; 4 living rooms; rent
only $13; bargain. STKN'BERQ CO...S35 >Ikt.
A— DRlTO store; fine location; good chance for
doctor or druggist. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A — COKNJ'R; downtown saloon: great sacri-
fice; sickness cause. COWING & CO.. 71S Mkt.
CIGAR store; best In the city: near The Call
building. COWING *^CO.. 7» Market tU
LIVKRY and boarding stable; good location:
cause, sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
fl75 BUYS paying «aloon: mast sell: golnz
Cart; a map. WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market.
FOR sale — Candy cad Icecream parlore; good
opportunity. No. 230 Ellis et.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
TO my customers and friends — I have removed
my real estate and business agency to 26'4
Kearny Et., rooms 9 and 10. Thanking you for
pan patronage, I assure you that all orders
will be. ns before, promptly attended to. R.
G. WILKE^
A— $275; cigar store on East St.. opposite the
ferries; low rent: a small Investment but a
bargain. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1230; SALOON, elegantly fitted up; es-tab.
years and Uolng a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease;
lnrge stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
R. O. WILKE, 25U Kearny st.
A— $330; COFFEE faloon and chop house, with
10 furri'.f-heil rooms: rent low; <lally receipts
$35. Call It. G. WILKE. 2GU Kearny St.
A— $3.'.O; CORNER saloon; rent $15; choicest lo-
cation south of Market st.: place doing a good
paying business, hut pnrtl»s can't agree.
Call It. G. WILKE. TG'-^ Kearny Bt.
A— $*r-0; CORNER brunch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary st. ; low rent
ar.d good raying business; a rare chance.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26i* Kearny Ft.
1 A— J<ro; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many yeor« and rood paying place; on Sixth
Ft.; low rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V6 Krny.
A— $S.V: CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
1 and Stocktrrc «=t«. : net rent $G3; a good payinij
and c.id-ejtablifhed business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2014 Kearny st.
A—$30M; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; 6 years' lease;
place kept by owner 11 v*ars and clears above
$300 per month: a splendid offer. Call R. U.
WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
$175— SHOOTING gallery, making lots of money;
owner roing to Paris Exposition: a French-
man. See R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
ASTONISHING opportunity (T5000 will handle
it)— Grand 3-story brick hotel; 75 beautifully
finished rooms; all elegantly furnished; bar,
etc.: corner lot, 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
crowded with boarders and $2-day transients;
best city In State: cost and worth $60,000; free
of debt, but owing to peculiar circumstances
Is offered for J12.500; better Jhan stated; lt'a
a fool who deubts without investigation.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 10 Geary.
A— tSOO SSOO $?00
First-clase dressmaking establishment, includ-
ing 8 handsomely furnished rooms; splendid
new carets; nothing asked for good will.
6TENBERG CO.. 935 Market St.
To rent — F6r coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stElls: rent only $15: water free. In-
quire WM. IIENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call I
building.
Jir.O— PARTNER wanted: light Indoor business;
¦will pay over $61) per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7771.4 Market st.
JSr.O— FINE candy. Ice cream and stationery 1
store; (rood fixtures: fine location; a great I
bargain. LANE & CO.. S53 Market st. ¦
WANTED — Good delicatessen or grocery store;
"cash." ALBERT TROSETTS, SIS Jessie st.
$300— RESTAURANT: no night work; eld stand.
239 Eighth Ft.
RESTAURANT for your own price: going to
Nome. Apply 1 Fifth St.. room 10.
$500— PARTNER In the country In a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
Investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. Geyservllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard In this
city for sale. Box 2S61, Call office.
$S0— A SHOP, all new tools, with stores for
vestmaker. rent $7. Box 2569. Call office.
GOOD bargain; fruit store: pood locality; party
going to None. 212 Gouph st.
Al FAI/DOX doing excellent business, for sale
Immediately: central location; price $1400;
no agents. Further particulars, box 2S50, Call.
A TRANSFER corner saloon: north of Market;
e!rkne?s. Address box 2854, Call office.
SAWMILL and site equipped for running: a
fortune for $15C0. W. P., box 2«46. Call office.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, pay-
ing drug store In a good mining town; cash
trade. Call at 730 OT'arrell St.. city.
FOR pale— The Central Hotel Jn Napa. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal.
FOR sale — Saloon In wholesale district. Inquire
&WICHMANN. LUTGEXS & CO.. 31$ Clay st.
$430— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 llvin? rooms;
account of sickness. 1111 Hov.-ard: no asents.
tisro CASH: corner grocery and bar: fine stock;
good location: no agents. Inquire 30 Lily ave.
SALOON for tale, cheap. Apply 1003 Howard
street.
$100 — CIOAR Ftand: pood locality; rare opportu-
nity. Inquire S2 Minna St.. during day.
MILK route for sale in San Mateo. For Infor-
mation Inquire at 431 Pln» st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lenrli ct.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
"V ROOMS AND BATn:~EDDY AND........ .
ELLIS MUST SELL
PRICE ?:30 I
DECKER. 1020 Market st. !
31 ROOMS ON MARKET ST.; ONLY J90t» I
23 rooir.s on Bush; rent $03 9.13
3j roome; In payments 1S0O |
S-r<v>m new fiat 409 j
110-room hou=e; best on earth 4500!
12 rooms on McAllister Et 4<W
16 room?: fine corner; clears $loO iox> j
16-room houFf on Turk st TZQ \
10> rooms en Jcncs st. ; clears $S5 4.X) I
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission st 430 |
11-room ho\!Fe; new furniture 2(V) I
12-room house on Post st 400 j
10 mom* on Mason st. : payments 430 1
MONET TO LOAN ON AXY HOUSE.
TCT.EPHOXK JOHN Cl.
H. C DECKF.K. 1020 Market st-, opp. Fifth.
A— ROOMING house: great money maker; :
heart the city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
jjtry, — r.C ROOMS', all rented: Koari location, near
Mark»t: r*-nt. : rent l"w. BASILS. 3 Eddy st.
CAR1UAGKS AND WAGONS.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, ;
etc.. cheap. EAGAX &. SON. 2117 Mission «t. ¦
NEW & 2d-harsiJ wasor.s. buggies, carts & har-
ness. work ft driving hrr?f«. 15th * Valencia.
j CARPET IlISAT&Ci AM* Cl.KAMAO.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
¦end to SPAVLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
t ing Works. 3;.3-307 Tehama St.; tel. 3. 40.
i SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
j 342-344 McAllister et.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th ft. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth et; tel. South 250.
i J. McQt.'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
433 Stevenson Et. ; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie ?44.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
! tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CO N K LI N'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12C.
Sl'iniTUALlS.M.
WYLLIE. the Los Angelas photo medium. 330
Ellis st: JO a. m. to i p. m.
M RS. C. J. MEYER. 333 "McAllister; readings
daily; tests to-night, 10c; bring questions, etc.
MEDA HOSKINS. Fplritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. lOth and 11th; dr. Mon.. S p. m.
EDWARD I2ARLE, 330 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day ar.d Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
GO to Watson, the luckiest and truest occult
medium nnd palmist; 25c. 1581 Market. nr.lSth.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; fitting. SI. 1104 Market.
CLAlllVOYANTS.
A— HH— MRS. 'DH. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
et.. may be consulted on all affairs of life;
Fh»> will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections: unite the separated: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; tend ttamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205
Turk Ft., near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has tbe greatest Egyptian
secret; shows pictur* future husband or wife;
j fee nc and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
I Sundays. 31C7 Market *t.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MRS. A. E. IJROWER. psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 220H McAllister et.; hours 2
to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m.
MME. HANSON." palmistry. 10c; card reader;
part, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., r. 14.
MME August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 2Jc & 50c. 1143 Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German speken. P2U4 Mission, op. Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. $23
Mission st., near 4th. rm. 3^; 2.'>c up; ring bell.
MME. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212*4 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Rt.. original gypsy
life reader: readings 23c; no sign.
litlE. LENEMAR — Fortunen by planets; pre-
dicted steamship disaster '74. 810 Mason st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth at.
MME. SVBILLE — Crsdie to grave; future hus-
baud'» picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Ftrrell 8 t.
IIKLP WASTED — MALB.
A— MURRAtT RE ADY .... PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M.... •••••••'
Help for all parts of California, Utah, V. ash-
mgton. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 545S MEN
FREE FARE and office fee and no other ex-
penses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara dis-
tricts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and o:M
P. m., for the S. P. R. R., laborers and team-
rters, «2 day. FREE FARE
HAYMAKING AND HARVEST
2S9 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men. etc.. $1 25, $1 SO. ?2 day
and found, COME AND SEE
STABLES. VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS, GAR-
13 stablemen, city and country Jobs, J40, $35.
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands," $35, $30, $2C
and found; 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
man, all for private families. $30, $25, $20 and
found, COME SEE
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
83 milkers for different places, J33, $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and- found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent Jobs. $35 and $40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO S3 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
£53 men for CO different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fnct we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $75, $90, $120, $60,
$50. M0. $30 and found: 5S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50, $2, $150. $1 and 73c cord
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day, $60,
$70. $45, $35 and found: also 5 helpers. $12
week, $C5 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers, $3, $2 50 day, $40 and found; circular
sawyer, feo and found; 2 boilermakers, $3 CO
day; carriage painter, stripe and letter, fare
COc, $10 week and found; tool sharpener for a
No. 1 mine $00 and found
6crew tender, $52 and found; 3 carriage paint-
ers
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE... MINES... BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
YOU'LL SUIT. $40 to $43 per month and
found: 29 miners, single hand $90 and $73
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
Porter for a country grocery store, boss here,
$40; 3 milk wagon drivers. $30, $25 and found,
city jeba; teamster for wholesale house, city,
must speak German, $C0. references, call early
planer hand. Sawmill Co $00 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare, $2 50, $34 and
found: 6 rr.en and wives for ranches, $40, $33.
$30 and found
..MEN, YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
•;; READ THESE CAREFULLY
3€o laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
?2 50. $2. $1 75 day. many city Jobs, to board
homo
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $; a day
lnborera $2 a day
Free Fare F ree Fare
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A-COOKS BUTCHERS WAITERS
8 butchers, different shops, ranches and
slaughter houses, $30 and $35 and found; 8
bakers, city and country Fhops. $40 and $50; 15
_ cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding
houses $35 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
EO RAILROAD laborers, company work, free
fare: 40 laborers for mill and woods. $28 to
$40 and found; 13 farmers, $1 25. $1 10 and $2
day and $30 month; 10 milkers, $30; teamsters
for ranches and contract work; machinist for
country. $3 day; edgerman, $30; tricimer, $50:
2 machinists for city, $3 to $4 day; sash and
door maker: boilermakers, $3 75 day; chore-
man fcr institution, $23; blacksmiths: black-
smith helrerr; engineer for mine, ?2 73 day;
man and wife, private family, $50; farmer
ar.d wife; 2 men about place, $30; choreboy,
$10; miners; muckers: stnrcher. $50; ar.d many
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sac-
ramento Et.
WANTED— Man and wife, cook, $HgJ cook,
country, $40: second cook, $9, $7 week; baker,
$40, S30; broiler. J50: porter. $20; dishwashers.
$6. $5 week. J30, $25 month: vegetable man.
$2".; bell boy. $13: elevator boy. $4 week: other
restaurant and hotel help. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED
200 laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.. $1 60. $1 75
a day and free fare
Cook, for Honolulu, $100; gardeners, country
$25 and $30; vegetable gardeners, $25; laundry-
man, $35 and found; 500 men, haying, harvest,
milking,, farming, bean ranches, laboring,
teaming, $30, $33 and $40; blacksmiths, J30,
$40. $30. AV. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
GOOD gardener for country place; wages $25.
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth et., Oakland.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
m>nt. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
MAN for eumrr.er resort; take care of grounds
i and make himself generally useful: good
i home; light work,; call early. 1S32 Pacific
I ave., Alameda.
WANTED— A wheelwright who understands
woodworking machinery. Apply to BE1IEXT
A- DE ROWE. Redwood City.
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladles' cloaks;
musfhe able to use either long or short knife.
MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
BOY or young man; experienced and references.
VAN DER KAACTS rhotographic Studio. 623
Union st.
A FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; ti SO. 12&4 Pacific st.
WANTED — A barber from 12 o'clock Saturday
and Sunday: wages $4. 416 Hayes st.
BARBER wanted. $4 50, Saturday and Sunday
j 920 Battery st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
1C5 Fourth st.
EARBEIt wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
715 Davis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 3142 Twen-
ty-fourth St.. between Howard and Folsom.
BAKBEU wanted for Saturday ar.d Sunday $4
guaranteed. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday, and If sat-
isfied a steady Job; wages $4. 3'M Sixth st.
BARBEIt wanted for Saturday nnd Sunday
1SS5 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday ami Sunday
1612M: Folsom st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 1111 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
BA'RDER wanted for Saturday. SCSH Howard
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; olso one with
1 or 2 years* experience. Box 2S62, Call office.
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 723 Fc«irth
st., San Rafael; telephone Red 15.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale
cheap; suitable for 2 ladles or 2 gentlemen;
parties going to Cape Nome. 427 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland. "
$230— 3-CHA1R bnrber shop; main street. San
Jose; established 12 years; must soil; sick-
ness; 13c shop. Box 2S03, Call office.
BARBERS; good paying shop In nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 E11I3.
PLATEN pressmen: steady Job: state wages,
experience. Job Printer, box 2S75, Call oflice.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E.62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted for general work. Ideal Under-
wear Company, 23 Stevenson St.
WAITER wanted. Myrtle Bakery, 204 Sixth
street.
FOURTH hand on bread. 336 Third st.
STRONG boy wanted to help in blacksmith
shop. 1221 Webster st.
WANTED— Bootblack. Apply at Oak Barber
Shop. Ill Ellis st.
COOK wanted at 1012 Battery «t.
WANTED— Experienced blacksmith's helper for
wagon shop. 1192 Folsom St.. near Eighth.
WANTED— A good bootblack. 34 Fourth St..
Modern, j
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to COc. '62 Mission St., bet. 1st and ?d sts.
BOOKKEEPER; thoroughly acquainted with
mercantile books; state age, experience.
r.alary desired. referenc*s. Address in own
handwriting, box 2S6O, Call office.
WANTED — Grocery clerk acquainted with
the city, good rustler; small salary to begin
with; state references. Address box 277S. Call
office, Oakland.
BTRONG boy at Hermann's Safe Factory. 417
Sacramento st. . -
GOOD shoemaker wanted.' 224 Taylor st.
WANTED— A general blacksmith. Apply J.
O'SHAY, Seventeenth and Vermont tta. ,
A NO. 1 barber wanted, sober and steady.' to
take charge of barber shop; wages $8 per
month and found. Address box 10. Wads-
worth, Nev. . ' ¦
WANTED— Experienced j lunch counter waiter
with good references: wages $30 to $5T> per
month and found. Address "Reception,"
Wadsworth, Nev.
FURNITURE of a 2-chair barber shop for sale;
cheap. Apply 1043 Mission st.
TWO errand boys. 236 Sutter st.
CAPE NOME.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will sail May 28. For passage and freight
apply to 418 California St.. room 32; telephone
John 1151. -¦• - - .¦¦-.-!'•* -
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charpe un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market Ht.
COTTAGES TO Lli'i'.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage. 7 roomst
bath, garden, stable; will be put In periect
order. Apply ills Unicn st., 11 to S o'clock:
cheap rent.
PROSPECT ave.', 15—14 story, good grounds
and view; take Valencia cars to terminus
ar.d inquire; nent' reasonable.
|J— COTTAGE of 2 large rooms. JCey 1S23
Broadway.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottsce, 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins St.. near Geary.
DK.NTISTS.
A FULL eet of teeth on rubber plate. $3; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate, $23; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; tee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
anil stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillines, 50c: crown?, }3 f>0: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 00 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. ra. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 year*.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns, J3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
'¦* silver. 30c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. J63 Mission, cor.eth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: eld plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.-
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full pet of teeth, $4; crowns. $2; .fllilngs, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
I DR. CREEL Y* 8 C. P. doe soap creates a
smooth. Kilky coat; fnr sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510. Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice nnd medicine 75c; city visits *1 50: all
anirr.als treated: dogs boarCed. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dre<=sroal--
ing and ladies' tailoring: eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, S30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Von Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. ; Creases
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect, fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinkinsr. 121 Port. overO'Connor&Moffatl.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts; call or s»nd for 'catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical nnd mining enKln-
ALL student* but two taking lull course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12?6 Market ?t.
AYRES*. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship. $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.;
the coming school: thoroueh; up to date; all
branches; positions eecured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil. el»c. mining, mech. sur-
vey, as^ay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1SG4.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporter* "best teacher.
b«>st system." IS. C. BARRETT. t02 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. "10 Golden Gate.
PROF. MERK1, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1003 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEVXE Art and Crafts School: modeling.
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine at.
THE only watchmaking school on tbe coast for
I?d!»« and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writin*.
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 102J Mission, nr. Cth.
j A WKF.TC'S news for a cents. The Weekly Call.
j If, rafTf-s. !n wrapper, for mallin?. SI per year.
EMPLOYJIEXT OFFICES.
I A^fApTNESE^iriN^ES^C^tra^To7^nd~^m^
ployment Office (urniftbes best laborers and
: domertlc servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
; r«-ll. b«-t. Powell and Mayon: tel. . Black 435t.
j A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Po=t st.; telephone Bush 133.
! ORPHEUSI Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese he!;>. 426 Powell, nr. Sutt?r; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese ftnployrnent office:
b<><=: liolr. furn. : tel. John 2121. BOWj Stockton.
CHINESE and Jo-ianece Employment Office—
; Pf-yt Iip'p. 4 1 1 'A OTarr<-ll ct.: t*1. East 423.
EJH'LOVJ1E.\T WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG widow would like a position as com-
panion to an elderly lady coins to the coun-
try or to take charge of one child from 3
years old up; fond of children and can make
herself useful. Address Box 2873. Call office. ',
AMERICAN ladj- with tent and camping: out-
fit wants to find congenial pnrty for moun-
tains or coast, or would travel as companion
to lady. Box 2S72. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing and
Ironing: $1 a day and car fare. Apply at
234 Natoma st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few more
engagements; will take work home; perfect
fit guaranteed. Address 23S Ellis st.
NEAT Japanese arirl wants a situation to do
housework and to help cooking. Christian
Woman's Home, 1427 Pine St.
YOUNG Scotch woman wants position as
housekeeper: has little girl. Call or address
1X47 Turk st.
NEAT colored girl would like position ai- nurse
to Invalid to children or la'ly's maid; $23 to
$30; experienced. Call or address 917 Powell.
LADY wants p»winc and mending to do at
home, or would ro as housekeeper, city or
country. Call at 116 Sixth St., room £.
LADY wishes position as seamstress, house-
kee-K*r or cook; city or country. 132 Sixth
st., room 5. .
A YOUNG woman will care for children or In-
valid for expenses to Paris. Box 2S56. Call.
YOUNG Swedish woman, first-class references,
would like to take care family house, over
summer; If necessary cook for 1 or 2. Ad-
dress box 23SS, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th.rd St.. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 23c to $160 nlffht: $150 to $C
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED odvertlsementu and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlone has been established Et 10S6 Va-
lencla et.
EMPLOYMBXT ' WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Position by reliable man as ac-
countant or assistant In some business : per-
manency rather than large salary. Address
box 2S76, Call office.
SHEET Iron and tin worker, first-class and
experienced In all branches, will accept very
low pay with steady Job anywhere. Address
box 2113, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man, understands care of
horses, cows, etc.; good driver: handy with
tools; well recommended; city or country.
Addre5« box 1SC7. Call pflice.
STEADY* young man. understands v horses,
cows, carriages, harness, etc. ; good worker;
references. Address box 2SGS, Call office.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general. Jobber-
Screen doors and windown, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboarde made and repaired by the day or
job. Address Bailey block, room 2. Dwight
way stctlon. Berkeley. - ¦
GARDENER, middle-aced; skillful In treat-
I ment and management of horses, cows, etc.;
moderate waces; first-class city recommenda-
; tlons. Box 2S51, Call. \ ¦ '
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man; experi-
enced with stationary boilers, engines and
dynamos; references and security If required.
_Box_2S47, Call.
¦ A GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and shoer wishes
steady situation: city or country; reasonable
wages. Address F. A. M.. box 16, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
timekeeper, assistant bookkeeper or any gen-
eral office work: six years' experience; best
of references. Address P. O. . box 4i2, . Oakland.
EJIPLOYM-JNT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG married man, with good references, .
would like to accept a position in any busi-
ness In San Francisco or Oakland. Box 2S34,
Call office. ¦, v
.WANTED — Bv a first-class cheese maker, a
position. Address box 2S26. Call office.
MAN* and wife wish situations: man under-
stands dairy work wire to do cooking or gen-
eral housework. - 431-433 Pine st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla st. " . ••'
EXCHANGE.
FOR sole or exchange— Belgian hare rabbitry;
established business; ISO pedigree stock; ex-
change for house and lot acro£3 the bay.
Apply 21.' Sansorr.e rt., room 2.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE German expert optician.
1071H Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. SOc. Phone Mint 257.
FINANCIAL.
FOR highest paying safe Investments: cash or
Installments. Coll rr write room I. 36 <~!°nry.
FLATS TO Lli'A'.
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvements. 417% Third st.
CLAYTON, 752 — Elegant, sunny upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; modern.
FLAT— Modern Improvements; half block from
Union Iron Works. 913 Illinois st.
FLAT of 6 rooms: bath: cellar; yard; rent
cheap. 1419 Bush st., bet. Polk and Van Ness.
FLAT— Three large, sunny rooms; yard. 113
Fillmore «t.
FLAT. 3 rooms and bath. $13; flats of S rooms,
$7 and $8. Key at E24 Fell st.
FLAT of 3 rooms; stable if required. 824
Twelfth Bt.
FLATS— 3 and 4 rooms, bath; off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.
1131 Geary st., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
NEAT sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms and
bath; $25. 1014 Eroderlck st.. near Turk.
NEW Funny flat. 6 rooms and bath: yard; base-
ment; modern imp. 1931. 1935 O'Farrell st.
$15 — I.£>VELY (lat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement St.;
take Sutro car.
UPPER flat: 6 rooms and b^.th. 1120B Turk st..
near Laguna.
] PLATS TO J,ET PtIUXISHED.
CLAY, 241S— Modern, newly furnished flat; new
piano: sunny; with garden.
FUUXlTUItE KOIt SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only In use 3
months, for ',4 price; rent $10; can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth et.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 rnn;r<». King Furniture Co.. 11Z7-1131 Market.
FUHMTUUE WASTED.
CHAS.' LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
klphest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mi??tcn: tel. icod 32.M.
1 — » 1
' HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
A— SECOND cook, private boarding-house, Ala-
meda, tSS to $30, see lady here at noon to-
day; waitress, same house, $20: restaurant
cook, city. ?2o; cook for men, $2,">, pee party
here at. 10 a, m. to-day, no objection to a
child; cook for small hotel, Mariposa, $25,
fare paid; cook, small hotel on the coast, $30;
dishwasher, acrcss the bay, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, R25 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT young grlrl; second work; family
. of 3 living in San Rafael: $25; see lady here
at 8:30 a. m. to-day. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
IRONER. city. $30. MISS CULLEN, S25 SutWr
street.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 head waitresses, $2.'>. 530 and $33; 23 wait-
resses for springs, mountain resorts, water
resorts, $20: 10 waitresses, commercial hotels.
country. $20; 10 waltresEpa, city hotels: 6
waitresses, restaurants. ?7 week: 2 hotel
cooks, $40; 2 pastry cooks, $33; 6 fancy lroners,
$30 and $33; pantry i*irl. $20. .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Girl for general housework and. plain cook;
nurse Kirl, same house (see lady here): 2 jrirls.
same house. Sacramento (see party here); 2
ranch cooks, $2j and fare paid: 25 other places
for house girls. C. R. IIAXSEN' & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED — 3 fancy ironers, $30. city and coun-
try; cook, $30. San Rafael: cook, $25, Mon-
XPzey; 4 cooks, Germnn style. $28, $30; 5 sec-
ond girls, $20. $25. city and country; 12 hot?I
waitresses, $20, city and country; ch^mbsr- !
maid wid waitresses. $20; restaurant cook, !
$3fi; restaurant waitresses, $fi, $7 a week;
kitchfn helper. $1S: houseglrl. Belmont J2.'.
Vallejo $25. Menlo Park $25; cook, resort, $25,
$30. J. F. CKOSETT CO., 316 Sutter St.
MEAT girl: eeneral housework, plain cooking,
assist with children; $20. Call 233 Third ave.,
Richmond District; take Sutter or Geary cars, j
3^ LADY retouchers. Apply BUSHNELL'S
Photograph Studio, between the hours of S
and 9 a. m. '
FIRST-CLASS trimmers and salesladies for
millinery; will pay fair wages; steady posi-
tion. 130 Sixth b^
COMPETENT pirl for general housework; no
washing ; wages $25; rets, required. 1 Scott st
OPRATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Call after
11:30 a. m. at 103 Taylor st.
GERMAN or Swedish eirl to do housework.
Apply at 612 Octavia st.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table; restaurant.
2E3 Sixth st. ,
WANTED— Young girl to wait at table and a
woman to work in kitchen. 130 Second sL
FIRST-CLASS waist hand; Saturday morning.
1C49 Howard Ft. ' ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED waitress. . U. S. Hotel. 123
Eddy st. ¦¦¦ . ¦ . ..
WANTED— Woman to do. cooking. 323 Larkln
.. Ktree^ * .
GIRLS for handwork' on corsets. 231 Powell
street. .
GIRL for housework, assist with washing;
small family; $13. 3336 Twenty-third st.
WANTED— 200 women for work during coming
canning season. Apply Immediately. U. S.
FRUIT PACKING CO., 1110 to 1150 Harrison
6t.; entrance In rear.
TWO first-class experienced foreladies for fruit
cannery. Apply U..S. FRUIT PACKING CO.
WANTED— German slrl for housework and
cooking for small family; must have good
references. Apply 2442 Jackson St., near
Steiner. ' • . *
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32V* Fremont.
GIRL for housework. Call at 74 Harriet st.
WANTED— Experienced millinery salesladies,
maker and trimmer. 1323 Stockton Bt
WANTED— German girl for bakery store. 331
Fourth. * ;;¦-• :
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; blc money.
136 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8V4 Antonio St.,
¦ between Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
' FEW young' ladles to Join night school: low
1 rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an«l subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
; lencln rt. ' -
' HELP WA.NTEU S1ALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
; married men. of good character, between the
agen of 21 and 35 years; not le«s than 5 f?et
4 Inches and not over C feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further tn-
- formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.. or
' ¦ C30 K St.. Sacramento. Cal. ' . ' .' : '-' ;
; WANTED— Active men of good character to
deliver and collect for old-established whole-
sale and exporting • house. Bona fide salary
of $300 a year guaranteed with expenses. -No
I experience required. References exchanged.
F.nclese self-addressed stamped envelope to
WHOLESALERS AND EXPORTERS, third
¦ floor. 334 Dearborn st.. Chicago. ¦ . ¦. ¦¦:--v.
i MEN wanted to learn barber ¦ trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day, and evening
class; special inducements this season: only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
: free. MOLER'S BAP.BER COLLEGE, 635
Clay Bt.
HELP WANTEO-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN~&~co7s I..... 104 Geary st.
Wanted for the Coast rail read.... Free fare
Teamsters r> a dav
Rockmen h * 5**
Laborers ~VJi".V.l j> a day
FREE FARE FREE FARE.......
10 railroad section hands, II 60 to SI 70 a
day, free fare '_
25 men for sawmills and woods, spooltenders,
woodsmen, cros?cut sawyers, yardmen lum-
ber pliers and laborers. $28 to f_ and found
see boss here; 20 laborers to bui'.d ratlroad
in the woods, $26 and board, see boss here-
miners. $2 ZO; muckers, 52: farmers for o--
chard. $28 and board: farmers for hay'.ni
t\ 25 and Jl 50 a day; 2 sack sewers, thrash-
lrg machine, S3 50 a day; 6 milk«rs. $P,0; man
about place, $00; choremen snd others
HOTEL I) EPARTMENT
All-round laundry-nan, for an Institution. J10
and found; Iaundryman, springs, f3">; second
cook, mountain resort. $40, sec party here;
second cook, country hotel, *S5 and fare nd- J
vanced; pantryman. $30: dishwasher. $2r>; pot- j
washer, $25. for summer re«ort: baker ami I
pastry cook, $."0; butcher, city. $12 a week;
30 dishwashers and kitchen h*nds, $20 jr>
and $30. C. R. HANSEX JL CO.. 104 Geary Ft.
A— BLACKSMITH for railroad camp. W a diy
nnd free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 2 first-clssR collectors and solicit-
ors with first-class references. Box 2S43, Call.
PORTER for drug store; give name, addresa
and reference. Address box 2S57, Call office.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; biz money.
136 Ellis st
COMPETENT, hustling organizers: best frater-
nity on earth; sal. F. F. Roose. Pres., Omaha.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELA^CO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
.that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, Z17 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $! per week.
MEN to learn barberlng and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. SI per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer; 1*
years' practice; Examiner bM*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Houff, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l>-ncia st.
HOUSES. LlVK STOCK. Kcc — Kor -Sale
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from J20 up; 6 blacks. »
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
St.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wajons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN* & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 6C5 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LEAVENWORTH. CC6, near O'Farrell— 2-story
house. 6 rooms, alcove and bath; In i-ood
order; key at grocery. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents. C30 Market st.
PIERCE. E. side. bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-story bay-window, 6 rooms and
bath: neat house; nice neighborhood. Apply
to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents
6C0 Market St.
HOUSE of 5 rooms; good condition; healthy lo-
cation; rent $3. 1JC7 Kearny Bt.
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms. In San Ra-
fael: large garden and stable; no children and
references required; rent J-iO. Postofflce box
C14. San Rafael.
$20— ELEGANT sunny bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath; large yard, basement and
laundry. 2S70 Twenty-fourth St.. nr. Sanchez.
BUCHANAN. 2713 — Pleasant, 'sunny nine-room
house: marine view; low rent: tin? ne:shborhU.
HOUSES TO LET — FUUMSIIED.
EDDY. 1979 — Modern 8-room house, completely i
furnished, 4 months from June 1. Responsible 1
LOST AND FOUAD.
LOST— A solitaire diamond rin; was lost by a
young lady In the partilng-rocm <rr the Twin
Bros. Milling Co. on Wednesday, May 23; th<*
ring, slipped from her fln«T when filling a
package of Twin Bros. mush. A reward of
$20 will be paid for th« return of this d!timon<l
ring to the TWIN BROS. MILL. 12 Halleck
st. This ring Is valued by the young ladv.
as it was a wedding present to her grand-
mother 65 years ago.
LOST— April 5, large Maltese cat: name Toby;
$10 reward. Return to 7lC l i Valencia st.
FOUND— Lady's bicycle: owner can have same
by proving property. 2S20 San Bruno ave.
FOUND— A pocket-book In Metropolitan Hall
containing money; call at Langham Hotel.
MISS M. KIRBY.
LOST — Case containing eyeglasses. Finder
please return to 416 California st. ; reward.
LOST — Red BDOtted cow from Nineteenth and
Noe sts. Reward at 614 Noe st.
LOST— Pair of binocular rlass^s on Mill Valley
train; liberal reward. T.C4 Stanyan st.
MEt^iCAL^ '
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe ami
reliable cure IS; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 1£ years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low; fees. 10O7Vi Market *t.
DM. G. W. O'DONNKLL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; aati: and reliable; haa prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousand* of ,
races successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Writ* or call at
1023H Market st.
MRS. PR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. S42 Pc»t St.. bet. Hvde and Lurkln.
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at office. $3; consultation free. 1!I2
Market st.. between Mason and Taylor; office
hours, 0 to 5 and 7 to 8: Sundays. 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1C35 Market; ladies' spe-
cialist: treatment at offlce, $5: consultation
free: hours 10 to S. Phone Jessie 117.
DR. ami MRS. DAV1ES. 1223 Market: lailes*
physlclan; chronic diseases treated: ut*
. scientific methods; treatment. $3.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton, China: d»-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny:advlc« fre-.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom «t., MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladies' specialist*.
HIS Market tt.: every case guaranteed; $3 up.
MRS. RCHWAUTING. midwife: private homo
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private hom»
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
Dn. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
3IISCELLAXEOUS — FOP. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery, lie-
INTOSH tc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second band: we always
have a large etock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we tan ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1M7. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid, $3 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice the
price could buy no better; mall order* sollc-
Ited. F. EPHHAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
PEERLESS pipe machine, cutting to 8-inch,
and u-horae power electric motor; a snap for
some one. Address box 2S32. Call office.
FOR sale — Pair cf English bull terriers: cham-
pion pedigree; recently Imported. Can be
seen on board British ship Marechal Suchet.
I Unlon-st. pier.
8-POUND «»el T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
STINE BROS.. 534-638 Brannan st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. SI 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 3Zb Kearny St., nr. Pine.
A FINE suit. $10; dr?«s pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FINE new launch bull cheap for cash; engine
If desired. H. T. Bradley. 3C4 14th. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 51S Examiner bids.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 SO.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. DULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1227 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
JIISCKLLAN'KOrs I'UIl Mm.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
J100; concert records. J2 50. BACIGALCPI.
833 Market ft.. San Francisco. ¦
PORTABLE ensine?«. boilers: irf.n and wood
planers; iathes; 2d-hand- J- Curke. 130 B^ale.
A NEW gtanrtard Typewriter; latest model;
cheao. Typewriter Exchange. 400 California.
NEV/ and second-hand ?Iot machines bought
and sold. XV. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burs-
lar proof ?afe. 216 California »t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-lC: Sacram^ntii st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof 'ife: 1 fire and fcurs-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main tt.
SAFES— New and s«-?rnd hand: all sizes. Til 3
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market st.. Sai Fran.
ONE 4-»lded -tlck-r; I planrr ard matcher; I
air corrnre«»or: S locomotives. *:>) Kr»-nnnt.
lllSCELLA.VEOl'i AVA.VT9.
WANTED— S soda tanks. _J36 Elim tt.
WANTED— Second-hand uprisht t'lano foe
r S! .h. II. L. WHITEIfEAD. IT1Q Market *t.
3XOMSA' TO LOAN.
HEi;Ts~to^unsettled~estates in probate can r».
ceive cash at once; also Hrst or second mort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: n^>
charge unless loan Is granted. EyL I TABLE!
LOAN CO., room 603. Examiner bul!d:ng.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mcrtsages. estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. O. EU
(U.KKX, room 18, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estata In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my term* before doing business els«-
wh'r?. R. MfCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Lean Office. 1*
Fifth St., are transferred to W. J. Hesthal.
10 Sixth st.. where th» business will be coa-
tlnued. T. LUBELSKI.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and or*
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO . !!8 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture anil
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BOXELLI. Conservator?- b!dy.. 130 Powell »t.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable private
place to bcrro— 7 on watches, diamonds : lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and piano3 without removal ; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Room*
63 and 63. Donohoe building. H'O Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at lMs p*r cent; also
loans to salaried people. HAKSHBAKCER.
'ill Ellis st.. room »4. >
MONEY loaned salaried people without s»curtty.
HILL. nn. 44. Merchants' Exchrge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all bual-
nesn confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lr.dorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON" furniture, pianos. without removal ; no
commission; private. LICK. 114 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
mere money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market s;.
TO salaried men without collateral ur indnrser.
B. V. Discount Agency. US Phetan bulMln?.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— At once, improved Income city
property. $i:w> to J"00'». for cash, at SPECK
ft cn.'S. «S7 'Market st.
MUSICAL 1NSTUUMENT3.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other A *a.*"r-*.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, $i ca.sh. IS per
month: other pianos \3. ft and |5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter ats.: San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
THE "Baby" Deckers are wonders: smalt la
size and price, large In tone and quality;
large stock Just received at MAUVAIS'. 78»
i Market «t. ¦
WE are having a great "'Spring Clearance
Sale" of planes; prices are way down- coma
soon, as the sal* is nearly over. MAUVAI3.
76!) Market st.
ANY of our musical Instruments can b<» bought
*7& Market"™.. 3 MALTAIS?
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest hou«<»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
!6. W and 30 OFarrell »t. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of alt grade*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing r>o«<!lble done to Dtease anJ satisfy tija
customer.
AX elegant MC0 Curtaz mahesrany case: a beau-
tiful $C.n Vose walnut case for l»ss than half
price, slightly used: others ro. J*>. UK J1S0:
ea?y p.-»ym-nts. BENJ. CUKTAZ * SON. IS
O'Farrell st.
BARGAINS In second-hand squares and np-
rlehts: alfo el-sant stock of new pianos.
THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
WANTED — Ten square piano* and six organs
for country schools. BYRON MAUZT. COS
Pest »t,
AUCTION prices— Pianos nt your own price fir
storage. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market »t.
A— STEINWAY uprtsrht: fine condition: verr
cheap. BRUTTNN. 208 Post st.
•1:0 CASH will purchase a fine upright; call
at once. 1011 Van Xess ave.. room 7.^
A STEINWAY. *IS5: Installments 13. 13. $7. $10;
rents t2 up. HEINE'S. 116 Kills st.
SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 303 to
312 Pnst st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ. U
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla P»ank.
W. G. BADGRIt. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and HaUett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR vioHns. zithers. oM and new. ST
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 l^athim &laee.
PAL3IIST11Y.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Collesr* at
Palmistry: reads 1 to 1 81* G»ary. ar Jon»».
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Ouintonica ia what your hair
needs. 33c bottle; his Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg..
thoroughly cleanses the scalp. 123 Stockton.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vlce. S.*,o Market St.. second P.oor. room 37.
75c— BABIES' sho<-3 for : J - r .c a pair ot the Be»
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.. nr. Third.
LEDERER dresses the hair In any style you
desire, simple or elaborate., 25c; he u?e» SchniT-
ler's Coloring. 75c box; restore* the grayest
hair to natural color. J?3 Stockton at.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Thlnl St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
!ac to 51 SO oer night: $1 SO to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN elegant suit for XXO 7."> firm Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. I.EMOS. 1117 Market nt.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off c!cth!n?
call on B. COHEN. 137 Third: teL B'.ack 412J.
. PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3^7 Jessie st.
LADIES' and gents' castoff clothing bousht and
*old. Sllverman. 95.4 Folsom; tel Folsnm 1101.
i FULL-DRESS and ether suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential; secrets
Inviolate. Address box 430. Call office
HAIR quickly curled or -vav»." by using Tal-
eott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
CAFT-OFF clothing, old gnUl anl sl'.ver bought"
»end postal. '"OLKMAN'S, 506 K»firny st.
PHOTOGnAPHlC SUPPLIES.
"WF. loan kodak V free: photo supplies. Ka~k-js
»tudio. 11 Geary nt.. ground floor.
PHYSICIAN AXD SUUGEOXS.
FREE treatment for one month given all to
TCO^ Turk MTsfj^Call"-
PJ_1C.\C, 0-DONNELElofnc7an(l r«l.lence."
l'.SlH Market st.. bet. SUth anJ Seventh.
CH 2°^ IC "•"- <<thf>r disease»~pcsU!velv cured.
DR. GORDIN ••M«_Pjne__t 1 . near Kearny.
DR. STYAN'S llhfuMtlJm Cure «; free to
poor every Wednesday, zn Geary st.
RHAL ESTATE— CITY~iFOft»AwR.
MUST be w>ld at once to close~»n ettate: no
reasonable off»r refused- lot ZixilO: house >
rooms and bath: bitumen street: cement »ide-
waJ ' l , ;^Twentieth St.. near Oaerr*ro. Ai-ply
It. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery xt.. room »_
lr tiJ cu . havo Proi>*rty corTrT^t th* Park, or
Hcrner » Addition and the Mission, ttwi yc>»
'.?": to tlfpet* of, then call on w. J.
1.LNN. £30 California* st. ___
MODKRN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission »U
COTTAGE for sale. SC3 Pierce st.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sophie Chaquette to Margaret, John J., Je
rome, Mary and Catherine Donegan, lot on
NW line of Perry street, 350 NE of Fifth. NE
25 by N'W 75: $2900.
Daniel W. Marden to P. P. Chamberland, lot
on N line of Lizzie street, 79 E of Mission E
27:3 by N 70; $10. ./
Same to L. L. Bondeli, lot on N line of Liz
zie street, 106:3 E of Mission, E 27:3 by N 70
$10.
V. L. A. Ploche and L. L. Robinson to J. c
Bernstein, lot on S line of Shields street 60
W of Orizaba, W 25 by S ICO, lot 30, block 55
City Land Association; $90.
William H. and Arvllla Barkhurst to M. Bal
lln, lots 1 and 2. 'block 34. Paul Tract Home
stead Association; $10.
Andrew J.Clunte (Trustee) to Henry Sutllft
1241 d 264, on SE corner of Munich and Russia
streets. S 75 by E 100, block 92, Excelsior Home
stead: also lot on W line of Prague street
112:6 N of Russia. N 37:6 by W loo! block 91
same; also property outside of county and all
the estate of said Trustee In Henry Sutllft
insolvent; $ .
Adolphus and Lilly Busch to Charles A and
BaUctte Zinkand, -'lot on N line of Pacific ave
nue, 55 E of Franklin street, E 63:6 X 100 • F
47:6. N 32, W 20:6. S' 4:4%, W 94:9, S 127SU
quitclaim deed; ?1O. •*?. °T,
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
B. Hochstatler, lot on W line of Devlsadero
street. 137:6 S of Geary. S 60. W SO, S 7-6 W
45, N 93. E 45. S 27:OU, E 90; $ . ' '
Johfr and Charlotte Brumund to Christopher
and Margaretha E. Speeht. lot on N line of
Camp street. 110:6 E of Guerrero, W 26 by N
Estate of William B. Carr (by Lizzie Carr
executrix) to L. Peterson, lot on SE corner of
Guerrero and Twenty-fifth streets. E 1"5 W
123, Is' 2:5; $75. " '
Lewis Peterson to, George H. Lent, same;
William and C. T. NIcol to same, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-fifth and Guerrero streets S
2:5 by E 125: $10. '
John J. and Rose Coffey to Charles and Ber
tha Otx>rfeld. lot on E line of Noe street BS
N of Day. N 28 by E SO; $10. '
Annie M. and William Linden' to Mary L. and
Laurent Selller, lot on.S line ot Jersey street
185 E of Castro. E 23 by S 114; $10.
Rosa Badaracco (Podestai to Giovanni Ca
purro. lot on N line of Broadway. 160:6 E of
Kearny. E 23 by N 60; $10. . -
L. M. and Minerva D. Kellogg to Christian
Froelich, lot on SW line of First street. 45 NW
of Howard, NW 40 by SW SO; $10.
Louis Jaunet to John A. Jaunet. lot en-SE
line of Clara street. 116:7?i NE of Sixth NE
20:10U by .SE SU; gift. • ¦ ¦:' - :•/, > '• ¦ :
Annie Palmer to John O'Connor, lot on NF
line of Harriet Ptreet, 100 SE of Howard SE
25 by NE 75; $10. , : , ' . • - -<V.r
Lewis, Cornelia and Le Grand Morse to
George F. Lyon. lot on NW corner -of Twenty
fifth (YoK>) and Mississippi streets. X 400 by W
10O; JIO. .
Marie Soulages (wife of Alnhonse) to Lars F
Hammer, lot on W line of Moultrle street 375
S of Eugenia. W 35, S 93, SE 35, N 95, lot 213
portions of lots 207 and 212. Gift Map 1; $10 '
I John Xolthenius and Hichard Kummerlander
(executors estate Margaret B. Beck)* to Peter
Jchnson, lot on S line of Green street, 159-6
E of Oetavla. E 26:6 by S 137:6; $3S75. "
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Sarah Cohn
(v.'lfe of May), lot on N line of Sutter street
S7:fi E of Buchanan, E 23 by X 112:6; $10.
Bertha anj Charles Cellarius to Frank H.
PcweiB, lot on S line of Vallejo street 100
E of Buchanan, E 37:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Marie L. Mitchler and Pauline Martin to
Robert H. Pratt, lot on N line of Union street
CO W of Devi&adero. W 70 by X 137:6; $10.
Thomas H. and Helen M. Day to Jens P
Xissum. lot on E line of Baker street 30 S
of Fulton. S 70 by E 100; $10.
Llna Benz (Stoffcl) to «». F. Terschuren, lot
on N line of Clay street, 107:6 E of Spruce
E 30 by X 127:SVi: $10.
Josephine P. and H. X. Jaudin. Clara Tjrre
Bsptistine^A. Bretonnel, Beatrice and Ophelia
Turre. Cecelia M. C. Taylor (wife of Wallace),
Sylvia M. Karl (wife of Adam) to C. H.
Warnecko. lot o» S line of Twenty-first street
122:6 E of Folsom. E 25 by S 95; $10.
Ga^parrt Garncau to KHen Garneau. lot on
E line of York street, 2l« S of Twenty-fifth
S 40 by E ICO; gift.
John and Augusta Hedqulst to Mary and
John Dinmore Jr.. lot on N line of Twenty
pftventh street, 1X3 E of Dolores, E 25 by N
114; $10.
Mary Powers tr> Katie Power»» lot on S line,
of Twenty-seventh street, 344 ' E of Church,
E 24 by S 114; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothin, lot on S line of Clay street. 137:6
W of Sansome. W 34:1 by S 59:i>; also lot on
W line of Montfromery street. 40 S of Clay
R 29:6, W 67:6, X !>:•>. W 2:6. X 13:9. E 60:
also lot on N line of Sacramento street, 60
E of Montgomery, E 30 by N CO: $50.0CO.
Isidor and Bertha B. Raphael (Braham) to
Leon Kauffman, lot on 3 line of Eddy street
167:6 W of Mason. W 23 by S 137:B; $10
John Pforr to same, lot on S line of Eddy
street. 137:6 E of Masgn. W 30 by S 137:6; $10.
Frank A. and Mae G. Losh to William J.
Dingee. lot on S line of Sutler street. 1378
E of Leavenworth, E 137:6 by S 137:6; $10
Mary Matthews to Mary J. E. Cryan' all
Interest in block bounded by Third, Harrison
Folsom and Hawthorne streets; $5.
American Surety Company of New York to
Herman Scholtcn, lot on NW line of Clary
«n?et. 160:5 NE of Fifth. NE 22:11 by NW
SO: $W\
Pacific Improvement Company to Southern
Paclilc Company, lot on x line of Marlposa
ptreet, 25 W of »Mlnnes«>ta. if produced N K
205. N 25, W 140. N 75. W 65. S 100; also' lot
on NE corner of MaH.jbpa street and Glass
House Tract, being 33:9% K of Indiana street.
N 6 degrees 24 minutes, E 237:914, X 69 de
grees 58 minutes. W to : center line of Indiana
street, S to center of Mttriposa street, E 73:$H,
being all of first party'. 1 ? Interest in P. N. Sol
and 378 and all Interest'ln above streets; $10.
Samuel H. Boardman to Milton R. Crone, lot
on B line of Sixth avenue. 184 X of D street
N 25 by E 120: $10. . •
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Levl D. Peacock,
lot on S line of J street. 57:6 E of Forty-eighth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10. . .
Same to Alzura Peacix-k. lot on S line of J
• treet, R2:6 E of Forty-eighth avenue, E 25 by
S 100; $10. . \ • - ¦. : ¦
Same to Edward Wilson, lot 216. Gift -Map 1;
$10. . .' -
David and Elisabeth Lynch to-Josenh and
Edmond D. Lynch, lot tin XE corner of Ran
dall and Dame streets,' E 100. by X.10O. Mock
2S. Fnlrmount Homestead: $10.
Joseph and Edmond. Lynch to Elizabeth
Lynch, life interest, same; gift. .
Estate of James G. Fair (hy J. S. Angus, T.
G. Oothers and W. S. Goodfellow. executors)
to Robert Ktlrrat. lot on S line of Cortland ave
nue. ISO E of Bennlngton- street, E 25 by S
112:6; $450.
Alameda County.
Sarah O'Connor (wife of P. J.) to P. J.
O'Connor, lot on NE corner of Brush and
Twentieth streets. N 60, E 118, SW 66, W 79
to beginning, block 298, Oakland: gift.
Harriet K. D. Palmer (widow) to Ella M.
Glass (wife of Henry), lot on N line of Ban
croft way. 199.S3 E of Piedmont way, E 100 by
X 148:1. being the S 148:10 feet of lots 14 and
15. Benton property. Berkeley; $100.
Maria A. Platt to Susan H. Nyp, all Interest
In the following: Lot on W line of Shattuck
avenue, 110.41 S of Channlng way, W 117. N
to 8 line of Channing way. W 45, S 135, W 17:8.
S 135, E 167.72,* N to beginning, being & portion
of block 3, Barker Tract, Berkeley; also lot on
SE corner of Rujn>ell and Florence streets, S
130 by E 360, being lots 1, 2, 16, 15 and N 30
feet of lot 14, block C, Claremont Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
¦Ha»t!p and Frank 'Miller to Frederick A
Dodge, lot 3. block B. Map of Fanny Davenport
Tract, BrooMyn Township; also lot 38, block B
same, Brooklyn Township; $»0<V).
Hiram Davis to Osmon O. Sl&yton, lot 9, In
Centreville. Cemetery. Town of Centerville
Washington Township: $12.';
J. J. and Jennie T. Maloney to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot oti
KE line of Redwood avenue, 184. W NE. of Tobler
street. NE 23.40 by SE 125. being the NE 25 40
feet of lot 27. Frultvale Park, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. ¦ - -
H. C. - Morris to Carrie. J. Greene -(wife ot
Sf.wnrd A.). lot on SE line of Bay View avenue
100 NE ot Cherry street. NE CO by SE HI. being
lot 15, block 19. Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; ?10. . . : .
Benjamin Chaboya to George Sllva. : . lots 3
and 4, block F, revised plan of town of Pleas
anton. Murray Township; $10. . i
Louisa E. J.F.- Harms to August H. Harms,
three-quarters of an acre of lot on N line of
Rose -avenue at SW corner of 2-acre tract of
Gj-een estate, thence N 208, W 157. QB. S 208 E
157.06 to beginning, town of Pleasahton. Mur
ray Township; $10. . , .
¦ 8. C. Bigelow.and A. A. -Smith (trustees
Hester A. Dart) to Edgar A. Mathews. 643 D
824, lot 11.' block K,- Map. of Oakland Heights
trustees', deed: $1694. • -. .
Edgar A. and Katherlne D. Mathews to Har
riet E. Corliss, same; $10. : . .
• George W. and Alta G. Farwell to Frederick
M. Farwell., lot on south line of Eighth street
7>'E of Franklin, S 100 by E 44, being lot 9and
W 19 feet of lot 10, block 78; also lot 11 and a
strip of land 6 feet wide and 100 feet long off
E, portion of lot 10, block 78. Oakland, subject
to a mortgaee for $2000 to the Union Savings
Bank; $10. j .- .7
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to L. M. Wil
liamson, lot on E line of Shattuck avenue, 135-83
S of Center street. E 106.54, S 23.75, -W 109.535,- N
24.36 to beginning/being portion of lot 3, block.
B. Map of Berkeley property, Blake tract mans
1 and 2, Berkeley, $100. - v
State • Savings Bank to Georgana. Whyte, - lot
on'NE line of Monroe or East Sixteenth street
476:9 NW of Adeline. NW 69 by NE 125, being
portion of, " lot 12, block B, Oak Tree Farm
Tract,- Brooklyn Township; $10. ¦
Xarcissa Hubbellto Richard Evans, lot on S
line. of Ninth street./ 75 E of Clay..E 40 by 8
100. block 90, Oakland; $10. • (
Jacob and . Eliza Voeel to Peter J, Thorsted;
lot on E line of Fruitval4 avenue, 70 N of
Bellevue street, N 10, E 18!.65, SW 9, W 1S2 to
beginning, belns portion of lot 2, Bellevue
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
, Louise Toulouse to Albino Toulouse, lots It
and 15,. block. 23, Beaudry and Peladeau prop
erty.Oakland; also-all Interest in the estate of
Bernard Toulouse; gift.:
¦ San Francisco Savings Union to Mary Lang
try (wife of Richard), lot on W line of Mag
nolia street, 1S1.6 N of Third; N 25 by W 133.3,
being lot 39, block 476, Brlggs Tract, Map 2.
Oakland; ?5.
Same to California Flax Mills (a corporation),
lots 1, 2. 3, 11 to 14, 40, 41 and 42, block 476,
same; tio.
Mary and . Richard Langtry to same, lot 39,
block 476, sameyflO. •
Emllie G. C</ien to same, lot on NE corner
of Third and Union streets. E 103.3 by N 106.6.
being lota 7 to 10, block 476, Briggs Tract. Map
2. Oakland; $10. .
Charles S. Weston to George E. Pratt, lots 8
and 12, block F. and lots 3, 17 and 19. block G,
map of resubdivlded Weston Tract, Oakland; 11.
Lewi3 C. and Lizzie J. Snyder to same, lots
5 to 8, block 2097, Alden Tract, at Temescal,
Oakland; $10.
Edith A. Whitney (wife of Frederick E.> to
Frank Soule, lots 44, 45 and 46, Klmball Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Rhoda A. Loomis (widow) to Delia N. Nel
,ion, lot 20, block 603, map of Gibbons property
at Oakland Point, Oakland; gift.
Jajnes Leon de Firemery and Adele V. Van
Loben Sels to Gcove Investment Company (a
corporation), lot on W line of Washington
street, 65 N of Central avenue, N 110 by W 100,
block 176. Oakland: «00. •
Manuel Golsalves to Joaqulna Roza (widow),
lot on W line of Willow street, 50:7Vi S of At
lantic, S 37:8 by W 75, block 4t>5. Gibbons
property at Oakland Point. Oakland; gift.
S. C. and Isabel O. Blgelow to Karl II.
Nickel, lot on SE line of Howe street. 316 SW
of Amethyst, SW 90 by SE 125, block B. Ther
mal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland;
*10. •
J. W. Havens to Edward D. and Alice E.
Carroll, lot" on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 77
N of East Seventeenth street, thence along
Fifteenth avenue 33. thence E 100. N 30, E 50,
S 40. W 50, S 23, W 100 to beginning. East Oak
land; $10.
Cyrus V. and Annie Bunco to Mollie C. Rob
inson (widow), lot on E corner of East Four
teenth street and Thirteenth avenue, SE 181:2^,
NE to a point 150 SW from SW line of East
Fifteenth street, NW to SE line of Thirteenth
avenue, SW 130:l>£ to beginning, block 64, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10.
L. and Melissa Atkinson to John Squires, lot
17, block 1?. on amended map, blocks 5 and 6,
Barker Tract, Berkeley; J10.
Viola W.,Haswell (widow} and Frederick W.
Haswcll (son) to Mrs. J. B. Buckelew (widow),
lot on X line of Brown street. 116 K of West
street. E»50 by N 120:8. being lot 28, block D.
map of property of Central Land Company, for
merly the Brown Tract, Oakland; $5.
Domenico and Rosa Muzlo to Giuseppe. Gio
vanni and Davlde Trufelll, lots 9 and 10, on
map of subdivided lot 8, block F, Vernon Park,
Oakland; ?«oo.
Alfred A., J. A. A. and Elizabeth Sander and
Thomas Prather (by W. S. Harlow, commis
sioner) to Home Security Building and Loan
Association, lot on SW corner of Paclilc and
Willow streets, W 232:11%. SE 43. N 70:3 to be
ginning, block 436, revised map of Gibbons
property at Oakland Point. Oakland; $1539.
Susan P. Orr (widow) to S. J. Pelton (sin
gle), lot on E line of Linden street. 157:6 S of
•Twenty-fourth. S 31 by.E 125, being portions
of lots 7 and S. block H. map of survey north
ern extension of Oakland: also lot on S line of
Twenty-fourth street, 100 E of Linden. E 50
by S 107:8. being portions of lots 9, 10, 19 and
£0. block H. same, Oakland; $10.
Julia B. Gale to Citizens' Building and Loan
Association of San Francisco, lot on NE line of
East Eleventh street. 60 SE of Twenty-fifth
avenue. SE 140 by NE ICO. being lots 17 to 21
and portion of lot 22. Knowles & Potter subdi
vision of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
California Realty Company (a corporation) to
Bridget McEvoy (widow), lots 24 and 23. map
of Elmhurst Park, ; Brooklyn Township; S10.
Hans A.. Johanna M. and Laura K. Thomp
son to Miller & Lux (a corporation), lot on E
line of Bay street, 100 S of Eagle avenue. E
125 by S DO, being lots 13 and 14. block E. Tay
lor & Page Tract; also lot on W line of Park
street. 50:2 N of San Jose avenue. N 50:2. W
108:11, S 50. E 104:6 to beginning, being portion
lot 9, block R. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Ala
meda; also lot 25, block A, Oakland View
Homestead, Oakland; also property in San
Francisco; J10.
Jane A. and J. J. Harron to Gustav Gutsch.
lot on S line of Clinton avenue, 225 W of vvmow
street, W 50, S 100, K to a point. X 105 to be
ginning, bein* a portion of block 78, lands
adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
T. M. James to Leah F. Mott, lot on SW
corner of Stanton street and the Powers Tract.
5 M:6 by W 2S7:8. Alameda |1O.
SW corner of Hawthorne avenue and Webster
; street. S SO by W 150. being a portion of lot
19. Buena Vista Homestead, Oakland, to cor
rect 463 U, 207 (quitclaim <l«>ed): $10.
Constance A. Meeks and ' Blanche Thayer
Heath (executrlces of the estate of William N.
Meeks) to William R. Van Brunt, lot on SW
corner of Vernon and Diamond streets,. S 200 by
W 200, Oakland; $300.
John A. C. and Edla G. Brett to Emma S.
Greves (widow). lot on N line of Lincoln street.
16G.3 E of Wood. E 23.9 by N 135. block B.
¦ Oakland Point Homestead Tract. -Oakland: $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Fred S. May
hew lot on S line of Walnut or Twenty-gecond
strfct. 35 E of Franklin. K 33 by S 100, block
3, Pacific Homestead, Oakland: $10.
. H. J. Hill to William Corbin. lot on N* line
of Joy street. 158.80 E of Telperaoh or'Hum
boldt avenue, E 40 by N 100, block G. map of
rosubdivislon of Roberts . & Wolfskill Tract.
Oakland: ?10. . • . -.
John Davidson to Charles Nauman. undivided
one-thtrd interest In lots - 14. 15 and 16. block
C. Know'es & Potter subdivision of Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Sarah F. and A. V. Saph to Cora E. Ruggles
(wife of William), lot on S line of Cedar street.
150 W of Euclid avenue, W 50 hy S 124.26, block
6 Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
Ida and Theodore Wagner to George J. Wag
ner lot on NE corner of Alcatraz avenue and
bou'ndary line of block 1, Central Park Tract,
N 100 W 40. S 100, E 40 to beginning, being a
portion of block I, Central Park Tract. Berke
ley (subject to mortgage for $1650); gift.'.
Syndicate Investment Comutny to John H.
Hynen. lot on NW line of Tevls street, 150 SW
from W corner of Tevls and Putnam streets,
SW 47.4 W 126.S. NE 25.89, SE 123 to beginning,
being lot 15, block 753, on map of Syndicate In
vestment Company's subdivision of blocks 751
to 754 and 769 and 770 of Levy and Lane tracts,
Brooklyn Township; $600.
Leah F. Mott to R. I. Hepburn, lot on SW
corner of Stanton street and lands of M. C.
Marvin by deed ot February IS. 1*63, and dis
tant 403:3 S from point of intersection of Stan
ton street with S line of Railroad avenue, N
42. W 150, S 12, E 150 to beginning. Alameda;
»io. -; •
Builders' Contracts. v
Dr. George W. Merritt f owner) with ! J. J.
Morehouxe (contractor), architects Reid Bros. —
Lathing and plastering for building, on N'K
: corner of Sutter and Mason streets, 37:6x87:6;
I $1878. >
Mariano Tortorlcl (owner) with Luiei Cuneo
and Norlo Cavaslia (contractors), architect No
rio Cavaglia — Concrete, cement, carpenter and
mill work, plastering, plumbing, painting, etc.,
for a three-Btory and basement frame building,
on W line of Brannan place, 117:6 N of Green
street, N 20 by W'58:9; $2300.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H J Warner. Denver I
Miss McClatchy. Sacto J
W S Smith, Cal 1
E E Smith, Sacto I
H Collins & w, S Jose \
A PennlnRton, Ukiah J
G G Byrne, Sta Cruz 1
DrJ Clark. Gllroy 1
P C Black. Oakland ;
J T,ow». SaiiPRllto I
J F Baker. Auburn 1
C Schmidt. Nev City A
W Thomas, Chlco
E E Bush. Cal 1
A J Plllsbury. Tulare I
J M Royco, Stockton J
J J Gardiner, Ariz I
Mrs F C Stanlford.Cal
J A Johnson & w, CaliJ
WE Wfnshlp. StanfrUjy
C P Early, Muss r
Martha A Hathaway, t
111 f
Kate D Hathaway. Ill 5
F B Hathaway, 111 |»
W Schmid, P11 v n
Mrs T H Barnard, Cal
tflso J Barnard. Cal
r H Haydon. Stanford
¦j J Laundry. Seattle
A' S Cole. Keser
I H Pattee. Keser
'j R Beckley, Sacto
3 B Qulgley. Auburn
V S Benloff. N Y
P O F.llenwood. Stdfd
r N" Moon, Stockton
iV E Beck, Watnonv
A' J Kohler & w, Cal
tV Bell & w. Hay wards
P H Connolly, Omaha
V-J Lalson, Lodl
C O Roof, Cal
.IIss A Doujrherty, Cal
Miss J Dougherty Cal
U Stuart, N Y
1 Haydock. Los An?
T Hermann. S Jose
' F Foster, Corning
>Irs J F Renner. Sausa
£l»s K Booth, Spokane
V Wood 5i w, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Kel'.ler, Ky
A Alderdlce. N Y
J B Llnplncott. L Anc
,T W Cattey A w. Eng ;
W F Harding. Boston
R Doble & w, Vlsalla
H D Hachet. Plttsburg
A Alexander. Pa
8 A Alexander, Pa
H J Schroeder. L Ang
J B Martin. Boston
C W Barney. Boston
CD Robblns. Plttsburs
Mrs H O Patch. Pa
A J Stelnman. St Louis
D F Sellers. U S N ,
W E Gerber & w." Sac
C I- Merrlman. Stanfrd
B Mayaas. Tacoma
VV E Eldrldite. N Y
Mrs J Boms, Colusa
W A Majrary. Redlnds
R R Jack, S Luis Obs
E E Wright, New York
Mrs J E Wrijtht. N Y
Miss R Wrizht. N Y
J E WrlKht. New York
Mrs M Smith. Riversd
T E Traherne, Sns
J Carroll, Singapore
Mrs Carroll, Singapore
K Gensbers, N York .
T Pec!c. New Yorlc !
W L EIrlch. Stanford
J P Mitchell. Stanford
W E Ebbs, New York
L Lyon & w. Mass .
T H Means. Washlnjrtn
J C KemD Van i Ee,
1 Hodson ,
II B Adams. S Roka
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L P Smith, OJkdale
C FriberK, Madera
B F Sanders, 8t Louis
V C HlscKlns.' Sta Rosa
J B Watson, Chlco
P Anderson. Vallejo
C M Smith. Sulsun
Fl Powers, Modesto
B T Marshall, Cal
H , Ii ' Sherwood. Colo
N M Morrison. Ariz
D A Ppeer. . Los Anjr
A' D Mclntosh, Canada
Mrs METextaman, Cal
R II Boyd. Los Angr
O Flanders. Chicago
-I L Joyce. San Rafael
r Richardson. Tacorna
0 L McCarthy, NY
Loving Service Circle's Social. "
The Loving Service Circle of the King's I
Daughters gave a sacred concert last
evening in Franklin Presbyterian Church.
The programme rendered was as follows:
j Piano .duet, .the 1 Misses Boazell; soprano solo,
Mrs. -Wallace Wheaton Briggs: contralto 'solo.
Mira'Cecllla Decker; tenor snlo, Csear Frank;
trio. "Ave Maria." Miss ' Hlbberd. Miss Fon
tana.'Mlss' Beaaell, ; Miss Lange, Mrs. Hripcs:
banssolo,- George Finer; violin wlii MIm
Gertrude Hlbberd; contralto, solo. Miss Ida
Lanere; barytone boIo, "Nearer. My God. to
Th«w," Wlllard Young; organ voluntary,
F.letcher TUton ; ; offertory. -
Some men seem to be troubled with fatty
degeneration of morals. ]
DESERTEa WIFE
THROWS VITRIOL
OVER HER RIVAL
Mrs. Charles Iverson Sav
agely Assaults Miss
Lizzie Burgess.
Tracks Her From Mendocino County
to This City and Claims She
Eloped With Her
Husband.
Mrs. Charles Iverson threw the con
tents of a vial of vitriol over the face and
head of Lizzie Burgess last Thursday
n'ght in a lodging house at 1033 Mission
street. The latter was badly burned.
Mrs. Iverson. continued her attack upon
Miss Burgess by administering several
severe blows with a small whip which
she carried concealed about her person.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Iverson she was recently deserted by he*
husband, who eloped to this city from
Ukiah with the woman upon whom the
wronged wife made a violent attack as a
partial satisfaction for the wrongs she
had suffered. The Iversons were married
in 1897 and lived happily together until a
few months, ago. About that time Lizzie
Burgess, who is said to have been a cho
rus girl in one of. the local theaters,
went to Ukiah and was taken Into the
Iverson household. The strange woman
repaid the kindness of Mrs. Iverson by
eloping with her/ husband/ who had suc
cumbed to her wiles. Besides his wife,
Iverson deserted a two-year-old baby.
Last April Iverson and the Burgess wo
man engaged housekeeping rooms at 10K
Mission street. He gave the name of
Burgess and introduced his paramour as
his young wife. Mrs. iverson suspected
the couple, tracked them from Mendocino
County to this city and finally to their
place of abode. About 6 o'clock Thurs
day evening she went to the Mi3sion
street house and inquired of the landlady
for Mr. and Mrs. Iverson. She was told
that no such persons lived In the nous*.
She then gave a description of her hus
band and his companion and the land
lady said: • i*:='.
"Why, you mean Mr. .and Mrs. Bur
gess."
Mrs. Iverson then remarked that the
woman had been married before, and she
was then directed to the back part of
the house where the guilty couple had
two rooms, one of which was used as
the kitchen. The landlady went about
her duties and presently low and excited
talking was heard in the little kitchen.
"You will take my husband from me."
shrieked the infuriated wife. "Take that,
then, you little hussy," and with that
she emptied the vial of vitriol over Miss
Burgess. The liquid ran over the lat
ter's head and down her face, and she ran
shrieking through the hall. Near the
front door she was overtaken by Mrs.
Iverson and was thrown to the floor.
Mrs. Iverson then began plying the whip
over the face and shoulders of Miss Bur
gess, who lay writhing under the lash.
At this juncture the landlady and her
daughter rushed ».o the rescue and suc
ceeded in wresting the whip from Mrs.
Iverson's hands, savin? the prostrate
woman from further bodily harm.
As soon as Miss Burgess was set free she
ran into the front parlor and locked the
door to prevent further harm at the hands
of the angry wife. The latter then sta
tioned herself behind the front door of the
house and told the landlady that she
w^ould wait for her husband and give him
his Just deserts. The landlady, fearing
that she had a pistol, tried to quiet her.
and at last prevailed upon her to leave
the house on the plea that her husband
would not return for some time.- and that
when he did he might harm her and there
would be no one to interfere.
After Mrs. Iverson went away the in
jured woman was taken to the drugstore
at Sixth and Mission streets, where Dr.
Nusbaum, who was summoned from his
residence, treated her for several burns
on th/> face. The most severe Injury was
done to her left ear. from which a large
piece of flesh was burned off. The vitriol,
however, did not reach her eyes, but spat
tered all about her face. Her waist was
also burned In several places, but no other
injury resulted from the flery fluid.
After her wounds were dressed she went
back to her rooms. *li*^ *he was joined
by her paramour, and the pair packed up
their belongings and left for unknown
parts. The landlady thinks they went to
Oakland, as th*y had oft«»n expressed
their intention of doing so. All she knows
about Iverson Is that he was employed
in a wholesale house downtown. The
woman studiously avoided everybody in
the house, but conducted herself prop
erly. Inquiry at the local theaters failed
to elicit any information regarding Miss
Burgess,' who Is said t«* be a chorus girl.
Mrs. Iverson has also disappeared, and up
to a late hour last night Detective Cody,
who has been put on the case, had not
succeeded in disclosing the whereabouts
of the actors in the drama of domestic
difficulties. '
American Guild of Organists.
A special festival^ service under the
auspices of the American Guild of Orftan
ists will be held at Trinity Church next
Tuesday evening:. ! Dr. H. J. Stewart's
prize anthem, which; gained the Clemson
gold medal In a recent competition, will
be sun? for the flrfjt time on this occa
sion. The musical selections will also In
clude a new Magnificat and Nunc Dimit
tis. by Wallace A. Sabin, organist of St.
Luke's Church. and Mendelssohn's
anthem. "Hear My Prayer." The united
choirs of Trinity and St. Luke's, assisted
by members of other choirs, will' render
the music. The service will be given with
orchestral accompaniment.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
75 Caribou 40
5ft National O & D Co 6 37^
100 We«t Lake 73
. SCO Yukon 100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Kern River 11 12>i
Street—
200 Yukon 105
25 Kern River 11 23
MINING STOCKS
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchance Board yesterday:
Mornlne Session.
E00 Chollar *»l 20O Sierra Nevada.. 32
200 Mexican 231 2<x> Union Con 21
100 Ophir 53! wo Utah l<>
500 Potosl 21! 100. Utah 03
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 2s 700 Mexican 27
4tf) Belcher 22 400 Mexican 2«
200 Best & Belcher. 2» W0 Ophlr' M
50 Caledonia 1 M 100 Overman 19
100 Choi lar 20 200 Pctosl ..A V>
300 Gould A Curry. 15 700 Savage 13
300 Hele & Norcrs. 21 afO Sefr Beleher o:
50t> Hale & Norers. 23 100 Sierra Nevada.. 31
400 Hale & Norcrs. 26 100 Union Con 20
500 Justice 02 250 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
800 Andes 0*1 300 Savage 12^
20*) Best &. Belcher. 29) 200 Sierra Nevada.. 32
200 Chollar 20 300 Sliver Hill 30
ISO Con Cal & V.I 47H 40O Utah 11
200 Mexican 25 TOO Utah W
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & V...1 45 [" 200 Ophlr M
R00 Con Cal & V.I 42Vs 200 Overman' IS
300 Hale & Norcrs. 231 BUO Savage 12U
200 Hale & >*orcrs. 211 TOO Sierra Nevada.. 31
200 Ophlr 33 I 200 Yellow Jacket.. 1«
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 C3 Justice 03 or.
Alta. 03 03 Kentuck 01- 02
Andes 05 07-Lady Wc«h..... — 05
Belcher .....;... 23 24 [Mexican ...... ... 28 " 27
Best & Belcher. 28 23 Occidental 11 14
Bullion 02 01 Ophlr. J7 55
Caledonia 1 15 1 20 Cn-erm&n 18 2f>
Chollar 20 21 Pntosl J) 21
Challenge Con./ 14 15 Savage 13 j 14
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — ' 02
Con Cal & Va.,1 40 1 45 ?e«r Belcher 02 OT
Con Imperial..'. — 01:Slerra Nevada- 31 J2
Con Newy York. 03 0»!Sll-er Hill...... 2* *»
Eureka. Con..... — 10 St Louis.. — 11
Crown Point.... 09 l"» Standard f 00 —
Exchequer '...., 01 02]8yndicate< — 0i
Oould & Curry- 14 UiUnlqn Con...... 2i> 21
Hale & Norcrs. 28 WjUtaK.'. 0* 03
Julia — 02|Yellow Jacket.. 15 15
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XT. S. N\. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cul..
May 23. 1904.
The time ball on the tower of the net; Ferry
building was dropped at exactly. noon to-day—
L e.. at ooon of the 120th meridian, or at 5
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKrN3.
Ueutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ana low waters occur at
tlie city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at J>oth places.
SATURDAY. MAY~2G.
Sun rises \;Z2
Sun sets 7:21
Moon rises 3:O» a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ti.les
the early moraine tides are irlven in th«. left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. Tno
second time column gives the second tl<le of
the day. the third lime column the third tine
and the last or right hand column sives the
last, tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the d«ptn Kiven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May K.
Stmr Colambi*. Doran. 53'i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Koint Arena. Hansen. 18 hours from
M«ndoclno.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Xcwsboy, Wahijt, 50 hours from Hu
eneme.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog. 75 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jensen, 73 hours from San
Pedro, In tow of stmr W H Kruger.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, "i hours from Newport.
Mex stmr Ignaclo Marlscal. Bowen, 11 days
from Mazatlan. etc.
debr Guide, Olsen, i'- 3 days from WlUapa
Harbor.
Schr Fannie Adele, Ristine. 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 23.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Warfleld. Pattle. Chemalnns; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Br stmr Energla, Chapman. Port Townsend;
California, and Oriental 9 S Co.
Schr J M (VI man. Llndholm, Nome; Alaska
Exploration Co.
SAILED.
Friday. May 23.
Stmr Geo Loomia. Bridsrett. Ventura.
Stmr Alcatra*. Carlson, .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Dtevo.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Ctuz.
Strnr Whitesboro. Olsen. .
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, •
Br stmr Enerria. Chapman, Port Townsend.
Schr Winchester. Soderholm. codflshinr.
Schr Western Home. Daerwltz. Coos Bay.
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman. Waldnort.
Schr Reliance. AnOmtsen. Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 25. 10 p in— Weather
foggy; wind NW. velocity S miles.
"MEMORANDUM.
Per Mex stmr Ienacio Mariscal — From Cape
St Lucas to Ensenada encountered strong head
sea and wind and from a little north of Santa
Barbara to Point Sur a still stronger h«ai
sea and XW wtnd and cold. Passed stmr W
H Kruser towing stmr Eureka about 10 mile*
S of Point Sur at 4 p m May 24. Met stmrs
Pasadena. Navarro and Geo Loomis.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PHILADELPHIA. May 24— Bark Guy C Gos»
arrived and had rwMer damaged, on voyage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAY3 HARBOR- Arrived May 23— Schr
Beulah. hence May 16; schr Esther Buhne, hnc
May 12.
BOWEXS JUAN DING— Arrived May 21— Schr
Corinthian, hence May IS; schr Newark, hence
May 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 25— Stmr Ruth, from
Skasuay.
Sailed May 24— Ship Occidental, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Dirtso. for Skaguay; stmr Bruns
wick, for Cape Nome.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 24— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
Sailed May 25— Schr Louise, for Umpqna.
SAN DIF.GO— Arrived May 2i— Schr Wawo
na. from Newport. »
EUREKA— Sailed May 23— Schr Mary Buhne.
for Kahulul; stmr Pomona, for flan Francl»ct>.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 25— Stmr State of
California, hence May 23.
TACOMA-Salled May 23-Bktn Katie Fllck
lnger. for Honolulu; bktn Quickstep, for Hono
lulu.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 23— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived May 23— Schr Bender
Brothers, hence May 18.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 23-Haw
stmr Aztec, from Nanatano.
Pall .••! May 25 — Stmr Navarro. for — — .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to May 25— Haw ship
Star of France, from Hastings Mill; Br bark
Dominion, from Taeoma.'
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 25— Br ship
Crown of Scotland, hence Jan w.
DUNG ENESS— Passed May 25-Br bark Banlc
lelgh. hence Jan 25, for Falmouth.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 23-Br ship Galena,
from Oregon.
COLON— Arrived May 22— Stmr AIHanca, from
New Yortc.
Sailed May 23— Br stmr Alamo, for New
York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 24— Br solo Bute
shire, hence Jan 14.
PANAMA— Sailed May 9— Stmr City of. Syd
ney, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 14— Stmr City of Para, hence
April 1$.
KINSALE— Passed May 24-Br ship Crown of
Scotland.' hence Jan 10, /or Queenstown.
COMOX— Arrive*! prior to May 20— Ship Glory
Of. the^fieas, hence May 4.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL-Salled May 23-Stmr Cymric,
for New Yorl*. « ' * .
GLASOOW— Sailed May 24— Stmr Lauretlan.
for Xew York.
STETTIN— Arrived May 22— Stmr Thingvalla,
from New York, via Chrlstiansagd.
GENOA— Arrived May 25— Stmr Ems, from
New York, via Narlea.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 25— Stmr Kai
ser FriedCTrtch. from Hamburc.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 25— Stmr Colum
bia, from ¦ Liverpool. . • ¦ >
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived May 23-Stmr Cam
pania, from New York for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 2J— Stmr Kaiser
FrleUerlch. from Hambur; and Southampton,
for New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAL.L, SATURDAY, MAY >26, 1900.
13
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
O Time Time Time Time!
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
« L. W H W L. W H W
IS ... 3:331—0.3 10:2c 4.J 3:04 2.g 9:Ig s.3
27 ... 4:13—0.9 11:23 4.7 3:32 2.9 10;09 «.3
M ... 5:12|—1.1 12:18| 4.7 4:V> 3.1 10:51 « ;
29 ... «:00— 1.1 I:d9| 4.8 5:29 S.I 11:38 i.l
20 ... 6:45-0.9 1:53| 4.9| 6:21 3.2
II W. L W • ill W L V,'\
31 ... 0:22 5.7 7:30|— 0.«| 2:4S 4.S 7:19! S?
1 ... 1:11 5.3 8:13|— o.2| 3:S2! 4.9 8:23| J.3
Steamer. | Prom. Due.
Wastnenaw ....jTacoma May 29
Pomona Humboldt May !«
North Fork IHumboldt May K
Tellus Oyster Harbor May IS
Corona San Diego May 27
Queen Victoria & Puset Sound May 27
Kmpire Coos Bay IMay 2T
Arcata Oregon Ports (May 27
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 23
Gaelto China and Japan M-ty 29
Honlta Newport , _ May 23
Curacao Mexico.... May K»
Willamette Seattle May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May W
State of Cal Oregon Ports May 30
Luxor Hamburg May 3ft
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Crescent City... Crescent City May st
Pro^reso Tacoma May Si
Mattrawan Tacoma.... May 31
Mariposa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Coos Bay Newport June 1
Point Arena.... Mendocino June 1
D*l >Torte Oregon Ports..... June I
City of Sydney. Panama June 1
Cojumbla Portland June 4
Prom
I Due
Steamer. Destination. Satis. Pier.
XTmatllla ... Vie & Ppt Sd. May M. U am Pier »
St. Paul.... Cap* Nome.... May 2S, 2 pm Pier 3»
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 24. 10 am Pier I
Coos Bay... Newport May 17, 9 am Pier It
Colon Panama May 23. 13 m PMSS
Columbia .. Portland .. May 3S. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 23. 2 pm Pier J
lg. Marlscal Mexico May 28. 4pm!PlerU
Pomona ....Humboldt May 28. SpmiPle" 9
City Peking China A Japan May 29. 1 pm PMSS
Corona San Dle*o May 23. 11 am Pier It
North Fork.IHumblodt IMav T*. 12 mi Pier 3
Arcata |Coos Bay |May 29. tO amlPler 13
Noyo [Cape Nome.... May 29, Jpm|Pler 2
Australia ..IHonoIulu May 3<>, ! pmlPler 7
Humboldt -ICap* Nome.... May 30, 3 pm Pier 2>>
Bonita ...... Newport May 31. 0 am Pier It
City Puebla Vic & P«t Sd. May SI. 11 am Pier 9
Newburs ... Grays IIarbor;May 31. Jpm|
State of Cal Portland June 2. 11 ami Pier :»
Santa Rosa. San Dietco June 2, U amiPter 11
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. Jun* 2
Han Jnae '<"ap* Nome I I
O Time Time Time Time!
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
« L. W H W L. W H W
IS ... 3:331—0.3 10:2c 4.J 3:04 2.g 9:Ig s.3
27 ... 4:13—0.9 11:23 4.7 3:32 2.9 10;09 «.3
M ... 5:12|—1.1 12:18| 4.7 4:V> 3.1 10:51 « ;
29 ... «:00— 1.1 I:d9| 4.8 5:29 S.I 11:38 i.l
20 ... 6:45-0.9 1:53| 4.9| 6:21 3.2
II W. L W • ill W L V,'\
31 ... 0:22 5.7 7:30|— 0.«| 2:4S 4.S 7:19! S?
1 ... 1:11 5.3 8:13|— o.2| 3:S2! 4.9 8:23| J.3
Steamer. | Prom. Due.
Wastnenaw ....jTacoma May 29
Pomona Humboldt May !«
North Fork IHumboldt May K
Tellus Oyster Harbor May IS
Corona San Diego May 27
Queen Victoria & Puset Sound May 27
Kmpire Coos Bay IMay 2T
Arcata Oregon Ports (May 27
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 23
Gaelto China and Japan M-ty 29
Honlta Newport , _ May 23
Curacao Mexico.... May K»
Willamette Seattle May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May W
State of Cal Oregon Ports May 30
Luxor Hamburg May 3ft
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Crescent City... Crescent City May st
Pro^reso Tacoma May Si
Mattrawan Tacoma.... May 31
Mariposa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Coos Bay Newport June 1
Point Arena.... Mendocino June 1
D*l >Torte Oregon Ports..... June I
City of Sydney. Panama June 1
Cojumbla Portland June 4
Prom
I Due
Steamer. Destination. Satis. Pier.
XTmatllla ... Vie & Ppt Sd. May M. U am Pier »
St. Paul.... Cap* Nome.... May 2S, 2 pm Pier 3»
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 24. 10 am Pier I
Coos Bay... Newport May 17, 9 am Pier It
Colon Panama May 23. 13 m PMSS
Columbia .. Portland .. May 3S. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 23. 2 pm Pier J
lg. Marlscal Mexico May 28. 4pm!PlerU
Pomona ....Humboldt May 28. SpmiPle" 9
City Peking China A Japan May 29. 1 pm PMSS
Corona San Dle*o May 23. 11 am Pier It
North Fork.IHumblodt IMav T*. 12 mi Pier 3
Arcata |Coos Bay |May 29. tO amlPler 13
Noyo [Cape Nome.... May 29, Jpm|Pler 2
Australia ..IHonoIulu May 3<>, ! pmlPler 7
Humboldt -ICap* Nome.... May 30, 3 pm Pier 2>>
Bonita ...... Newport May 31. 0 am Pier It
City Puebla Vic & P«t Sd. May SI. 11 am Pier 9
Newburs ... Grays IIarbor;May 31. Jpm|
State of Cal Portland June 2. 11 ami Pier :»
Santa Rosa. San Dietco June 2, U amiPter 11
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. Jun* 2
Han Jnae '<"ap* Nome I I
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL klrds bourht. sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency. 145 «th: phone Mint 45.
ALL k»nds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at |owe»t rates. 205 Fourth St.
STABLES TO LET."
23 STALLS: suitable for milk depot; $25; water
free. ;f2Q Mission »t. 4
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 MUsion st..
tel. South S3S— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cqr. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23a> Fillmore at.: phone J&ckton 281.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES;
SANTA CRUZ.? one &block from JiSeal Beach
Hotel, elegant new summer villa: large lawrs
.and macnincent view; $100 to $150 per month;
r eferences. Address box 2S5S. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AM) SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BA^OAINT^TYFEWRITERS^V'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53S California, telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND .NO TICKS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 105 (fifty
rents per share) ot the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, S27 Market 6t., on and after Fri-
day. June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26. 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
W. D, K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKUA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— FINE lot: north side Alameda~ave.. near
Morton et. ; 50x150; a bargain.
$20<y> — SE. corner. 50x145. with good cottage.
$45<»— Fine northwest corner. 100x150. with
! handsome house of 10 rooms : a irreat bargain.
B. D. JL'DD CO..
j 1114 Park st.
NEW modern house of 8 room*, bath and base-
ment; choice location; JIO'X) cash, balance
terms to suit. $1000 — Good cottage. 4 rooms; I
larpe lot. J. H. YOUNG. Owner and Builder. I
l'-+Z Park at. |
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-flfth cash; bal-
ance In 1, 2, S or 4 years, Alameda Savings
Kank.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— House of 6 rooms, bath. etc.. furnished
or unfurnished; large garden; stable; low
rent; location brond-paupe station. Park st.
Call R. a. WILKE. ;6V- Kearny St.
HOUSE, furnished, for 1 or 2 months; rent
*M. 15T1 Railroad ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NOW IS THE TIME TO INVEST IN BERKE-
LEY LOTS.
We have lots in the siKhtly HlllegBy!" Tract.
50x160. for $900; street Improved; sightly sites
i in the Pcentc Park adjoining the university,
from *i*>0 and upward. O. G. MAY & CO..
Berkeley. x
FOR sale — New, modern houses as follows:
$3700— On Durant ave.; 7 rooms and bath;
wire for electricty; piped for gas; close 'to
college. O. G. MAY & CO.
: $3500— LOVELY new home of S rooms In the
Scenic Park; street improved: terms reamn- i
able.
$1200—50 foot on Atherton St., near Channing I
way.. >*. •«, • i
$S50— Neat 4 room cottage: windmill, tank,
brick foundation' cost $15<w): party e*->lne Eu-
rcpe. O. G. MAT & CO.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ONE or two sunny front rooms In new modern
house, with small, private family; m&Kniflcent
view; convenient to train or cars: hoard flirt
class; optional; old person or Invalid find best
of attention: references. Address M. B.,
Berkeley P. O.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
\r auction! J ' ; ¦'¦'¦¦' c-': " :: '
AT AUCTION. ••
- -_-;;- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Faturday, June 2. 2 p. — .
Saturday, June 2, 2 p. m.
Send for Maos.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 KiKhth st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — One of the prettiest .new homes In
Oakland; $1000 to fLW) cash, balance to suit;
7 roon-.s: latest improvements; best construc-
tion. W. H. CORNELL. 1070 B'dwy. Oakland.
BLOCK 64. roust be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth Ft.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRMTDRB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements.
SAN LEANDRO REAL ESTATE.
S400O— ORCHARD of S acres, with cottage, barn,
etc. near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. San Leandro.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Christian Baur. 34, 1244 Howard street, and
Sophie Gruenlnir, 36. 1153 Mission street.
Archibald Mel. Alexander, 35, city, and Jo-
sephrne A. Brown. JW. city.
Albert W. Small, 30. 24.'4 Mission street, and
Blanche C. Jory, 29. 1306 Masonic avenue.
William T. F. Stewart. 22, 2724 Folsom street,
and Etta P. Kasmussen. IS, 2724 Folsom street.
John Gordlno, SI, Salinas, and Ella Wenzel,
13, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAHTS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to ha\ # e the eame published.
BORN.
GOLDSTONE— In this city, to th» wife of
Henry Onldstone, a daughter.
LANG-In this city. May 22. 1900. to the wife of
Lando Lane, a son.
LYONS— In this city. May IS. 1900, to the* wife
of David Lyons, a daughter.
ROSENSTOCK— In Alameda. Cal.. May 19, 1300,
to the wife of C. W. Rosenstock. a daughter.
SCHAPIRO— In thin city, to tb« wife of B.
Schariro. a daughter. . *
DIED.
Ayens, William H. Leavltt, Clara A.
Baehr. Augusta Leonard. Patrick
Bainex, Olive McCarthy, Mary
Buswell, Hu*la T. McPherson. Lola
Cleland, John Mackay. John 8.
Cumminps, Mary E. Morgan, Rarah F.
Demartini. Andrea Morton, Thomas
LVppe. Madeline OMalley. Dr.W.II. I.
¦ Dorg-an. Alice M. I'ratt. Knoch H.
FeniinandM>n. Georee Kyan. Margaret
Gunther. Isabella S. Schllchtinfr, Margar-
Johnson, Charles etha M.
Johnson, Mary V.> Beellg, Gabriel It.
Johnson. Theodore L. • Thrasher, .Harah'M.
Johnson. Wm. R. A. White, Cnrlion K,
Jones, John Williams. Margaret
Karatar, Louise Woodls, Maria
Kennedy. Julia M. Woolcock, William J.
AYERS— In this city. May 24, I9W. William H..
t>elov«d husband of Catherine Ayers. father
of Alex and Charles Ayers, Mrs. J.H. Brlck-
wedell. Mrs. F. H. Heyers and the late J.'C.
. Ayers, ' beloved son of Maria D. Ayers, and
brother of John C. and Alonzo F. Ayers, Mrs.
M. Woods. Mrs. O. Boulett and Mrs. J. WH-
ljamf. a native of Baltimore, Md.. aged &3
years.
BAEHR— In this city. May 24. 1800, Augusta,
relict of the late Ferdinand W. Baehr, and
mother of Mrs. C. C. Bush of Reddin«. Mrs.
Emit Rofcte, Mrs. Lillla Spccht. Mrs. J. W.
•Whalen, Mrs. H. F. Lange and Louts F.
Uachr, a native of Hamburg. Germany, aged
77 years 1 montti and 25 days.. -
.ryFuneral services this day (Saturday), at
2 o'clock.- at the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. J. W. Whalen, 860 Geary street. . Inter-
ment private. •
BAINES— In this city. May 25, 1900, Olive, In-
fant daughter of Charles and 'Margaret
Datne*. a • native of San Francisco, aged 2 •
tncnths and 3 days.
BUS WELL— ta this city, - May 25. 1900, Suela
Thorn Buswell, widow of the late W. F. Bua-
, well and mother of Alexander- T. and George ¦
F Buswell, a native of New York City, N.
Y.. aged 67 years 4 months and 5 days.
G7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Sunday), at 2:M o'clock, from Calvary
Church, corner Powell and Geary streets. In- ,
terment Odd Fellow*' Cemetery. '
CLELAND— Ma^y 25. 1900. John Cleland, beloved
husband of Hannah Cleland, father of Annie
Cleland. and stepfather of Mamie J. Lloyd,
aced 70 years.
CL'MMINGS— In this city. May 24 ,1900, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Henry K. Cum-
mings, and mother of Kate M. Cummings, a
native of Boston. Mass., aged 64 years. ¦
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from : the mortuary
cha;*>l of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KNIGHTS and Ladles' of Honor— Grand Lodge
and members of the order. will meet at 2423
Mission street to-morrow (Sunday), at 3
o'clock, to attend the funeral of past pro-
tector. Sister M. E. Cummings.
Z. T. WHITTEN, G. P.
h. w. Qurrzow. g. s.
DEMARTINI— In this city. May 24, 1900, An-
drea, beloved son of the late Antonia De-
martini, and brother of Luigl Demartini and
Mrs. Maddalena Cuneo of New York, a native
" of Italy, aged 65 years 10 months and 20
days.
tGTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, for services. Interment I. O.. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DEPPE— In this city. May 24. 1900, Madeline
Deppe, beloved wife of Bernhard Deppe, and
mother of B. W. and Phil Defepp-, a native of
ISaytrn, Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
23 days.
EyFriends and acquaintance!" are respect-
fully invited toi attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S17 Ninth street, "between Folsom and
Harrison. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. "
DORGAN— In this city. May 24, 1^00, entered
into rest, Alice M., beloved grandchild of Mr.
and Mrs. William Dorgan, and dearly beloved
niece of T. W.. E. J.. Kittle, Annie and Eliza-
beth Dorgan, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years.
ttyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral thi3- day (Saturday), at
9 o'clock, from the family residence, 466
Minna street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FERDINANDSEN— In Point Arena. Cal., May
21, 1900, (Jeorge, dearly beloved son of Annie
Ferdlnand.«en, a native of California, aged
19 years and 11 months.
GUXTHER— In this city. May 25. 1900, at her j
residence, 519 Twenty-ninth street, above Mis- \
sion, Isabella S. Gunther, widow of the late |
W. G. Gunther. and beloved mother of Ed-
ward W.. Arthur L. and William C. Gun-
ther, a native of Long Island. N. Y.. aged 59
years. (Xew York papers please copy.)
JOHXSOX— In this city. May 24. 1900. Charles,
beloved husband of Mary Johnson, and father
of • Gertrude, Charles,- Audit and the late
George Edward Johnson, a/natlve of Sweden,
aged 55 years 1 month and 21 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Elchth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
remetery.
JOHXSOX— In this city. May 25. 1900, Mary V.,
dearly beloved daughter of Vashtl Johnson,
and f=:?ter of Grant, Dell and Charles John-
son, a native of Eugene, Or., aged IS years
1 month and 12 days. (Eugene, Or., paperB
please copy.)
(tyXotice of funeral hereafter.
JOHXSOX— In Indio. Cal., May 23. 1900. Theo-
dore L,.. beloved husband of Mary E. John^
son. son of Mary J. and the late William
Johnson, and brother of C. 11. and J. William
Johnson and Mrs. H. L. Livingston, a native
of Halfmoon Pay, San Mateo County, aged
33 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from hl» late resi-
dence, 2225 Filbert street. Interment Cypress
U«n Cemetery, by carriage. I
PACIFIC Parlor Xo. 10. X. P. G. W.— The mem-
bers are hereby requested to assemble at 222$ |
I I-'ilbert street to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 I
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Th«o. L. Johnson. By order of
T, P. MARTIN. President.
J. C. MILLER. Secretary.
JOHXSOX— Xear San Jose-, Cal.. May 23. 1900.
William R. A. Johnson, beloved husband of
I^avlnla ! M. Johnson, a native of Virginia,-
«B»d 5S vears. (Xew York and Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
C^Xotlco of funeral hereafter.
JOXEP— In this city. May 23. 1900, John Jones.
beloved hu.sband of Jessie Jones, and beloved
father of Mildred. Edward and Gerajdine
Jones, a native of Wales, aged 62 years 1
month and 15 days.
KARATAR— In this city. May 24, 1900. Louise,
beloved wife of the late Marc Karatar, and
beloved mother of Henry R., Mathilda and
Angele Karatar, a native of Alsace, ujsed 65
years 6 months and 17 days.
(ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 307 Polk I
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. :
KENNEDY-In this city. May 25, 19C0. Julia!
M., beloved daughter of Josephine and the j
late James G. Kennedy, and sister of Thomas '
G., Josephine, Helen. James and Cora Ken- i
nedy, a native of San Jose, aged 26 years and
* . months -
C7 1 Friends, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:30
o'clock, from the family residence, 2607 Clay
street. Interment private.' . ¦'• •
LEAVITT— In this city. May 25, 1900. Clara A..
• wife of the late Charles M. Leavltt of Kf-
flngham, X. H., ¦ and sister of Mrs. Frank
P. Doe. a native of Parsonsville. Me.
(T7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
'tend the funeral «£rvloes this day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 2002 La- i
guna street. Interment at Dover. N. H. •
LEONARD— In this city. May 24. 1800, Patrick,
beloved husband of Bridget Leonard, a na-
tive of County Klldare, Ireland.
C~FrIend8 and .acquaintances are lespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 312 Lily avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ¦»
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 24. 1900. Mary
dearly beloved wife of Charles McCarthy, a
native of Moran Abbey, parish of Ralaughna-
mona, County Cork, Ireland, nged 78 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the foneral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Chesley street, between Seventh and
Eighth, off Harrison, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McPHERSON— In Santa Roea. May 23, 1900,
Lola, beloved daughter of James L. and Lll-
lle- McPherson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 5 months and 11 dayp.
MACKAY— In this city. May 23. 1900. John Stu-
art Mackay, beloved husband of Alexandra
daughter of Colonel de Clalrmont, a native of
Scotland.
Cmie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from 2S02 Gough
street.
MORGAX— In this city. May 25, 1900, Sarah
Frances Morsran. beloved mother of Robert
L., lizzie, and James P. Mylar and Tennle,
Oori<\ Lucy and Mof?e Morgan, a native of
Missouri, aged 52 years 3 months and 3 days.
MORTON— In this city. May 24, 1900, Thomas
Morton, late of Ulue Lake, I lumnoMt County
brother of Patrick and James Morton, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 62 years.
O'MALLEY— At the Presidio. May 23, 1900. Dr
W. H. I. O'Malley. U. S. A., beloved son of
Austin and Rebecca O'Malley. and bro'her of
the Rev. Facher O'Malley.
in?" Funeral from his parents' home, 1114
Hyde 6trei>t. this (Saturday) morning, at 8S0
o'clock, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
solemn requiem mass, commencing nt 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRATT— In this city. May 25, 1900, Enoch II
Pratt, beloved father of Mrs. Ida Rutterfield
Mrs. Oetavla Wardlow and H. A., F. F. and
Caddie Pratt, a native of Massachusetts, aged
70 years.
• t^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RYAN— In this city. May 24. 1900, Margaret
Ryan, a native of Ohio, aged 42 years 9
months and 26 days.
SCHLICHTING-In this city. May - 24. 1900
Margaretha Marie Sehlichtlng, beloved daugh-
ter of H. V. and the late Christina Schllcht-
lnc, and beloved sister of H. F. Sehlichtlng
Jr.. a native of San Francisco, aged 2« years
6 months and 15 days. A member of Wal-
halla Rebekah Lodge No. 130.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 917 Bryant street. Interment I. O O
F. Cemetery. .
BEELIG-In Victoria, B. C, May 24, 1000.
Gabriel I!., beloved husband of Fannie Seellg
father of Hugo and Milton Seellg. and brother
of Oeonte H. Seellg- and Mrs. I. E. Gilbert
of Modesto, a. 'native of New York, aged 45
years.
THRASHER-ln this city. May 24, 1900, Sarah
Murray, beloved wife of Dr. Marlon Thrasher
beloved mother of Carroll Thrasher, and sis-
ter of Charles A. Murray Esq. of Denver,
Colo., a native of Geneseo, N. Y.
C7 Interment private.
WHITE— In this city. May 23, 1800, Carlton E..
beloved husband of Alice G. White, and
father of Charles L. and Fred C. White, a na-
tive of New York, aged 52 years 6 months
and 12 days.
(C7 Relatives and intimate friends are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral this
day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from' the resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. J. S. Klmball, at
Seminary Park. Seminary avenue. Oakland.
Conveyances will meet Haywards electric cars
at Seminary avenue at 1:30 and 2 o'clock.
Interment private/ Mountain View Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Plymouth, Amador .County
May 25, 1900. Margaret Williams, widow of the
late JoseDh Williams, a native of Cornwall,
England, aged 6S years. < ,.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WOODIS— In this city, ; May 24, 1900, Maria
J HENRY d., GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South SO. • .' '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
. colma, San Mateo Co. .
OFFICE. 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
Woodis, a native of North Carolina, aged SO
years.
lC?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Zlon A. M. E>
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOOLCOCK— In this city. May 25, 1900, Wil-
liam John, beloved husband of Florence M.
Woolcock. father of Ethel May Woolcock,
brother ot Mrs. Peter Organ and Peter Wool-
cock, and son of the late P«ter and Mary
Woolcock, a native of Star City, Nev., aged
27 years 5 months and 15 days. A member of
Court Seal Rock No. 45, Foresters of America;
a member of Court Diana, ¦ Independent Order
of Foresters, also a member of Abraham Lin-
coln Council, Junior Order United American
Mechanics. /
ItyFrienils ahi. acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner Guerrero and Twen-
tieth streets at 2:30 o'clock.
nEAt ESTATE— COCXTIIY For Sale
A T<IO Wr^Tf MTTITo^eTTa^rpIr^
'^¦"f'ron""?/ "£" , Vac »vilIe : 3 minut-;--
pv-rn^r '' R ' depot - Address J. W.
HAKLR. Iflfc. Center st., Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA TrTctTian" Pablo ave.. a miles
north of l^rkeley. near Eant* F» Rall-oatf—
Valley land by tn« .ore. »13O to V» CaU for
mats, etc.. en O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Call Vt!
1< KTULTE^
r.O£S Valley lots^SOxVnn. j5n. or larger piVf^a
in j-opordoo; P,n Rafael water syTtetn; fine
view; riinnk.ed roar!?; 5 minutes' walk from
nrw station of Kent. \n minutes from Ross
S-tation; flier and all trains stop at these stn-
SrtwiilR.^ 1^' Kent «*«on. or C. H.
SIANGAN. 31 Market ft.. San Francisco.
MEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED-Hou<>e and lot fUuatT*ln
I^aoh; price about 12500 to liOOO; must be In
pood condition: no agents. Apply at room 803.
nxaminer buildlcsr.
UOOBIS FOR HOl'S_IvEKPI.\G.
CLAY. S421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
roorac: yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY. 917— Nice sunny connecting rooms;
furnished; tplenfiid location; private resi-
dence.
EIGHTH. 10$— Front room; kitchen; hot. cold
»ater: f'.nk; stationary tubs; sunny porch.
ELLIS. SSO— 2 email sunny furnished house-
keeping room* In rear; ti.
FOLSOM. 834— Large sunny bay- window room;
kitchen; closet*; bath; everything prlv.; t» IS.
IOI.SOM, S34— Jl a week; larjre tunny furnished
room; closet; bath; running water; private.
GOLDEN GATE. 404— Large sunny Iront and
tack rooms; bath and gas ranee; $16. $1" 60
»25. S32. Call bet- 2 and 4 and 7 and 8 p. m.
HATES. 461— Bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
bath. I3i ; or »<?11 for JiOO.
13— FMALL. light, unfurnished room; 3 rooma.
(JS: location central. Particulars at 342
Kearny St.. .
I*ARKIN, lOlSH. near Post; telephone Putter
247*-: rooms; complete for housekeeping:.
LAFKIE. 27. bet. Eichth and Ninth, oft Mission
— 4-room. eunny flat. complete for hekpg. ; $12.
SIAI'.KKT. 1431— Furnished housekeeping rooms I
and single; gas; bath; laundry; 8-11 a. ro ... I
4-6 r>. in.
MARKET. 1'3«. between fcth and 9th— 3 sunny
rangre. water, yard: quiet place; $12.
MARKET. 1ST4— Front suite, sun In. both rooms.
gut range, rent $15; single room, folding bed,
rer.t t$.
MASON*. r/<2— 3 conne<-tir.(r hcusekeeplnr rooms;
also sltiple; new ma-nap-cmt. : newly renovated.
MISSION, P45— Kitchen and front room, with
foldinr-bfd. compiff for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1121— «'hanp*>d hands-: renovated:
r., v :>• fumiFhed :¦:>.'¦'*; e rms: euitee. single.
XATOMA, rM. near Fourth— 2 frotft furnished
houseketpine room^; 'water, sink, closet.
ICATOMA. C4.'-2 or Z funny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; low rent: housekt-eping.
OTARRELL, 742—3 nicely furjiinFhed house-
keeping rooms: parlor floor. tlS. $20.
OAK. 3S— 3 cozv unfurnished housekeeping
ro imr ; cheap, ?11.
rZRRY. 1SI — 4 tunny housekeeping rooms, with
bath; $10: investigate.
6COTT. 1654— First floor of i unfurnished
rooms; bath, parden; $16; adults only.
6ECOXD. 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
also einirle rooms: $9 up.
SvEKTEENTH. 8630— A snap; $12: rooms,
with cas and bath.
SIXTH. 1WA— 4 connecting roo-j, furniEhed
for housekeeping, with piano; also other
rooms.
CTnVEXSOX. WI. bet. 7th and 8th— Two fur-
nifhed housekeeping rooms: bath: central, j
TENTH. 123. near Market— 1. 2 or . i sunny
roon-.s; complete for housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 122 — Two eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 27K, near Dolores-3 eunny
bay-window rooms; nice and neat.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
— «eived at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH of3c« for Call advertisements and
fUbscrlrtJons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia rt.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infarn.
A^BKL : NS\\ ICKHOUSE, W~ Slxth^Rooms
25c to tl per night. J! 25 to $5 per week, and
U«fct hotsekf^ping; open all night.
BCR.VETT, 1426 Market et. fold No. 13S4>— Fur-
nished rtnit.. suit«s. einsrle: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
• ve — gunny corctr; well furn. ; rms. <t offices.
EDDY.- 20V 1 fc— Sunny; upstairs; German family.
ELLIS. 702 — One sunny furnished, front room.
ruitaHe for two.
FiFTH. 107— Pleasant, runny, unfurnished
rooms to let. , ¦¦¦ t
FIRST. 2S — Nett outetde furnished rooms to
rent; Jl oer week.
FOLSOM. £34— $1 a week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; running water; private.
FOLSOM. 9£5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 eleeant
fur.nr coiner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. 985. ccr. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nlshed eunny rooms, single or suites ;reasonbl.
GEARY. 4CS (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single: travelers accom' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
i-r.d Mission ste.— Sunny rooms, en sQite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. TS1 Mission st.— Select
family rooming bouse; II W to J! per week.
HOTEL Francisco— Elepant suites; single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, K4— Neatly furnished eunny front
room, suitable for two gentlemen: also large
housekeeping room.
HOtVARD, K»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to Jl right; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. SC7— Bunny furnlFhed housekeeping
rooms.
JE^PIE, 4*5— Larg-A sunny furnished room,
rh«ap.
JONES. 117 — Nicely furnished large sunny
room: I closets; urate; running WaXer; private.
LARKI.V, 1702— FurniFhed room to let; $5; 7n
private family: lx>ar<i if pr<= furred.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth-New furnished bay-
wjndow room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 6S4. near Third— Xewly furnished
sunny front room; reasonable; for gentlemen.
OCTAVIA. 2. near Market— Nice large sunny
front bay-window room, nicely and newly
furnished; pri\-«te. family; rent cheap.
OFARRELL, 20 — Sunnjr furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
PINE. S5«, near Taylor— Large funny unfur-
r.i?h«><J room with bath; new; rent reasonable.
POST, 223— Finest transient rooms In the city;
hot and cold water: elevator. ¦
PQtVJSlXh 121— Light, clean rooms. In suites or
«ir?le; transient; running water; chfap.
KOFKDALE House. 818 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.ljrht, 2£c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOL'EE. 126 Elite et.— Incandescent
Jipht. reading room, emoklng room and ladles'
r«.r:or; room*. p*r night. 85c to $1 £0; week, $2
tr> $*; month. t% to $20; elevator en office floor;
rooms with not and cold water; baths.
fc'HEKMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
r.ear Market— Furnlehcd and unfurnished.
THE OAKS J1J Third— A good rooming house
_ror rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
V>x NEFS ave.. 4f»lB— One or two nicely fur-
r.iyherj rooms; corner; eunnjr upper flat; every-
thing modern; central.
CLAF5IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r^rtvt-q; at Call branch office. 2200 fillmore st.
A IH1ANCH office for Call advertise— ents and
ratacrtpUoaa has been established at 1CM Va-
I'-.'-fn rt
BOOHS A\D BOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter sU.—
neutot eanny single room sand suites, with
_E5*H j _ nrg *-c'-ats. with every convenience..
HAIGHT, 232— Sunny"roomfl. with board for 2.
;u> i^rr month; al*o parlor suite for 2, $60.
LAS PALMAS. 1220 Market «.— Suite of 2 or J
rrat.; private; bath; sin, rms.: board optional.
NEW family hotel; exceptionally Rood In every
particular; taaacr rates. 8C7 California Et.
Van NESS ave., :«4 fThe Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
A WEEK'S news for S cents. The Weekly Call,
K rag'-g. in wra;-p«r. tor mailing. $1 per year.
ROOaig WAOTED.
B|r 8lrtM> «nd brother, by the last
f«£.« c V. i 1 2 mo ? tn - on « larfe, sunny, plainly
furr.lFhed houwkeepln* room, within walking
ril re .w f w wn> not far out : n< * t0 exceed $S
Ad^'"M : n « *S U^ wm "" m *»n ¦» th- time.
Address MRfc. K. n.. box 2S74. Call office.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BA .?, tPn »n*« ejected f^TTT^ollectlons made:
CO S *= ou . ntrr - PA CIFIC COLLECTION
to - 4i " Montgomery st.. roogis »-10; tel. 55S0.
Ji<^.\^ P»Dered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
tasting done. Hartican Paint Co.. «9 Third.Insane Han Prom -Honolulu.
A well-dressed man attracted attention
yesterday, morning on .City Hall, av'enne
by, kneeling on the sidewalk "and i praying.
He was taken hf Policeman McGragan to
the insane ward in the Receiving Hospi
tal. He is a man about 45 years of age
and ' : from papers. In his possession It Is
supposed his name Is Max Nelle or. Nelble
a chemist from Honolulu. He was a guest
at the Lick House for three or four days
recently. The police are anxious to learn
if he has any friends In the city.
Belgian hare news every -week In the Park
News. Get a cop7. An authority.. • ¦
Well-Known Contractor Passes Away
¦ John Stuart Mackay, a well-known
builder and contractor of this city, died
yesterday as the result of an attack of ap
pendicitis. Mackay was at one time a
man of considerable means, but unfortu
nate speculations wiped out the accumula
tions of an industrious lifetime and the
man's own stout sense cf honesty prevent
ed him saving anything from the wreck.
He commenced all .over again and had
within sight an opportunity to rehabili
tate his fortunes when death overtook
him. ¦ j ¦....•.- »
Mackay did a lot. of work " for . the late
The Marion Due To-Morrow.
It was expected that "the United States
steamship Marion, assigned to the Naval
Militia at this port, would be brought
from Mare Island last Sunday, but the
matter was delayed. To-day a State tug
will take-over a crew of officers and men
of the Naval : Militia' who will bring her
down to-morrow. -She will in future be
anchored in the /stream. The vessel has
been completely overhauled and is now
in fine 'condition. — ¦;•;,"•-,. ¦ \
Must Pay Accident Policy.
Justice. of the Peace .Groezlnger gave
Judgment yesterday for $275 in favor of
Joseph Leudan. who sued the Fidelity and
Casualty Company of New York for that
amount. Leudan claimed that he was
accidentally asphyxiated about a year
ago in the Lick House and was incapaci
tated from work for eleven weeks. He
had an accident policy, calling for the
¦payment of $25 per week in. the defendant
company, which ¦ refused to comply with
its terms. Leudan proved that the as
phyxiation was involuntary on. his part,
and the exemption of liability on the part
of the company only applied to cases of
suicide. ••¦--.•*.' . • • .- — ... :
PHELAN'S MUNICIPAL: v
FLAG A TAX EMBiiEM
PERTINENT communication was ; sent .yesterday , to the , Board . of
/M\ Supervisors by. Otto turn Suden, an attorney ot this" city,. In .which the
It —^new municipal flag adopted by Mayor: Phelan, comes j in for much sa
- tlrical reference. He'suggests that all flagpoles be taxed with-the ex
ception of those flying the Phelan phenlx flag. The communication says: i
"Permit me by. way of suggestion .to supply an omission In your, proposed
order taxing encroachments on sidewalks by means of a license tax. "While
you have taxed nearly, everything Imaginable, ..you -have overlooked -the
flagstaffs. Flagstaffs obstruct the air. -the dust and ,the wind, : and where
they project upon sidewalks are properly subject to a ; license tax.
"I would suggest that only those flagstaffs which fly the flag of. the United
States be taxed, and those which patriotically fly the new "municipal Phelan
flag be exempt. As students, of American history, you; are Caware that the
flag of the United States is the symbol of protest- against the burdens of un
just taxation, whereas the new municipal flag. Is an emblem : of taxes and
more taxes. . ... ¦ .. .:
t "It is therefore eminently Just that those . back numbers of our citizens
who still dare to fly the flag of the United; States' and, therefore .continue to
emphasize their protest against more taxes should • be taxed. Those' who
humbly and with a proper spirit of deference to the'powers that be hoist high
the Phelan phenlx should be rewarded by not having to pay for this precious
privilege. Very respectfully submitted, • 'V ';^ OTTO TUM SUDEN.
Mrs. Cra ven' and 'justice, Simpton were
not arraigned . for ; perjury' before . Judge
Cook yesterday — Mrs: Craven because she
was too 111 to appear In' court and Simpton
because the proceedings before the Grand
Jury In his case: have not; yet- been writ
ten up. Both cases went over for a week.
Mrs. Craven. Is Not Arraigned.
This city is rapidly gaining a reputation,
both at home and abroad, for Its excellent
private hotels. Travelers pronounce San
Francisco . the best city In the United
States for good living, and the Royal now
steps' to.' the front and claims precedence
over them all. The house has been en
tirely remodeled and as It, now stands It
Is a fireproof modern building, with every
added Innovation suggestive of comfort.
An extra story has increased the rooming
capacity by" fifty new apartments, with
hot and cold water and electric lights in
each. On the ground -flDOr a new office,
smoking and reading room have been
built, together with the latest model of
elevator. The ladles' parlor Is situated on
the second floor, and every room in the
house has been renovated and newly fur
nished throughout. Guests will find the
"Royal" the most comfortable and cen
trally located house in the city. 126 Ellis
street.
LATEST IMPROVEMENT
IN HEART OF CITY
Wanted' for \ Embezzlement.
A complaint -.was sworn' to yesterday In
Judge Cabanlss'- court upon. which a war
rant, was Issued 'for' the arrest of F. H.
Gpttwals on the charge- of felony embez
zlement. Gottwals leased' a : team and
wagon from Albert and.C. G.Strlppel and
sold the rig to'J. S. Spauldlng, 1140 Folsom
Btreet, on an alleged '.fraudulent- bill of
sale. The Strlppels secured a' search war
rant to recover possession. of 'the 'rig and
Spaulding did not 'contest .the case on be
ing Informed of •¦ the -.facts. Mrs. E. A.
Kneib of .the Sherman House also swore
out a warrant for Gottwals'. arrest on the
charge ' of misdemeanor .embezzlement.
She. stored some .furniture with Gottwals
and alleges that he has sold It.
FIRST REGIMENT WILL . *
DECK HEROES' GRAVES
Members of the Organization Ask for
Flowers to Strew on Besting
Places.
The following orders have been issued
for a parade by the First Infantry, N.
G. C, on Memorial day:
Headquarters First Regiment Infantry. Second
. . ' Brigade. N. O. C.
• SAN FRANCISCO. May 24, 1900.
. General orders No. 4.
1. Pursuant to general orders No. 2, head
quarters Second Brigade, N. O. C, May 22,
1900, the regiment will parade In campaign uni
form on Memorial day, Wednesday, May 30
1900.
2. The field and staff (mounted), non-commis
sioned staff. First, Second and Third Battal
ions, will report to the regimental adjutant at
8:30 a., m., at the regimental armory, 25 Page
street.
. 3. All ex- volunteer officers are requested to
parade. ' . .
• 4. Enlisted men who have no uniforms will
report at the same time and place and parade
In civilian dress.
'First call. 8:3t) a. m.; assembly, 8:35; adju
tant's call for formation of battalions 8M0;
-adjutant's call for formation of regiment. 8:43.
* By order of
ip, * LIEUTENANT COLONEL DUBOCE.
iALPRED J. KELLEHER. Captain and Adju
tant. ••
,The members of the First will visit the
National Cemetery at the Presidio. Lau
rel. Hill, Calvary, Odd Fellows', Holy
Cross and other cities of the dead for the
purpose . of strewing flowers over the
graves of those members. of the gallant
California Volunteers - who passed
away while in the service of their coun
try. The members of Army and Navy
Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
composed of men who served in the First
California, will take part In the parade.
The officers and members of the regiment
request that any one having flowers to
donate send such on the 29th and the
morning of the } 30th to the armory at
Page and Gough streets.
'.$1 -50 misses' kldlshoes for 50c a pair at
the Beehive Shoe .Co.. 717 Market st. •
; Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey Is used at all the
principal hospitals In the United States. Why
ls-U? ,•
Judges Morrow, Hawley and Ds !
Haven Will Decide the Injunc
tion Case To-Day.
United States Circuit Judges Morrow
and Hawley and United States District
Judge de Haven sat In bank yesterday
morning In the courtroom of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to hear
the arguments In the matter of the ap
plication for an order restraining the City
Board of HeaJth and Federal Quarantine
Officer Kinyoun from injecting with the
Haffkyn prophylactic the 25,000 Chinese
residing In this city. On behalf of the pe
titioner. Wong Wai, appeared the law
firms of Reddy, Campbell &-Metson.-Ma
puire & Gallagher, Samuel M. Shortridge.
John E. Bennett and Robert Ferral.
Charles L. Weller appeared for the City
Board of Health and United States Dis
trict Attorney Coombs for the Federal
Quarantine Department.
It was conceded. at. the outset by the
attorneys for the City Board of Health
that there Is no bubonic plague, real or
suspected. In this city. at the present time
and that there had not been even a sus
pected case since May. 15. 'It was stated
that the germs of the plague die after ly
ing Idle from three to sixteen days'; and
that the city board was unwilling to desist
from preventing any Asiatics from leav
ing the city until the expiration of the
sixteen days.. * r :
The ca.«e for the Chinese was argued by
Judge James O. Magulre. John E. Bennett
and S. M. Shortridge. Mr. Coombs and
Mr. Weller spoke against tho Issuance of
tho proposed injunction and raised the
Issue that habeas corpus would have been
the proper mode of seeking the redress
sought.
A similar petition from the Japanese
residents was filed and will be determined
by the decision in the Wong Wai case,
which will be rendered at 10 o'clock this
moraine.
BOARD OF HEALTH SAYS
THERE IS NO PLAQUE
Respectfully yours, •
' M. C. HASSHTT. Chairman.
JOSEPH PLTJN'KETT.
THOMAS B. CURRAN".
JOHN F. ftENNAULT.
WILLIAM T. HKSS.
* • Committee.
On motion of John A. Brown, secretary
of the Board of Health, the report was
adopted.
Chairman McDonald stated, that the
place of holding the convention would be
unnounced later. .. . . ,
It was stated that State delegates would
be selected In each district and their
names presented to the countv committee
men as a committee of the whole.
"Isn't that anticipating the work of the
convention?" asked T. J. Gallagher.
"I presume It* Is," said Chairman Mc-
Donald, laconically, not caring to bring
on a <flflpd of oratory, .and then he de
clared adopted . a prompt motion by
Charles Fav that the committee adjourn.
Fire. Commissioners Grady and McKirt
,stry- find .-Police Commissioner Mahoney
are .disqualified' byjthe charter from sit
; ting ¦ as delegates. £?•* s 'i •.."-.-; .
Convicted of Grand Larceny.
Frank M. Stocuttl was convicted yes
terday by a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court
of grand larceny. Stocutti stole $23 from
the person of Kdward Roblson while they
were drinking In a Grant avenue saloon.
Blerwirth Acquitted.
ruitv nf , h lrth has been ad Judgwl not
IHJllty of the murder of Arthur Brown
by a Jury sitting in Judge Dunne's de
p" Ie .« Brown In a Howard-street hotel
jSy &&?,£ ° n thre ° ° ccaaloM **
COMMITTEE IS'
UNMINDFUL OF
WAND FILE
Managers of Local Democracy
Constitute Themselves
a Convention.
Will Meet Next Friday Night to
Name State Delegates — Pro
gramme Executed With
Nsatness and Dispatch.
The delegates to a Democratic county
convention were chosen in less than twen
ty minute? at B'nal B'rith Hall last night.
The operation simply amounted to the
Democratic County Committee of San
Francisco, with the exception of three
disqualified members, resolving Itself Into
a county convention to elect delegates to
the coming State gathering at Sacra
mento, although the result was attained
in an indirect way.
The committee of five appointed to
formulate a plan to choose delegates to
the local convention made its report at
the meeting of the county body last night.
Chairman McDonald called the gathering
to order at 8:40 o'clock and an adjourn
ment was taken at 9. The report sub
mitted Is as follows:
To the Democratic City and County Con
vention r.f the City and County of San Fran-'
Cisco — Gentlemen: Your committee, appointed ¦!
to report a plan for the election of delegates!
to the Democratic State Convention to be held.;
at Sacramento on Thursday, June 14, 1900, rec- '
ommends that the following named persons
constitute a city and county convention to
elect delegates to said State convention: t \
John J. Allen, M. J. Brown, John Behan,
J. II. Bloom. Bernard Biencnfeld, W. S. Bonta,
Louis de F. Bartlett, Dr. S. D. Baclgalupi,
Samuel Braunhart. Lawrence Brannan, ' John
A. Brown, E. J. Brandon, T. J. Cleary, Georne
Cullen, Thomas E. Curren, John. Connor, J. M.
Campodonlco, E. J. Ooffey, Charles A. Cassasa,'
Thomas Dempsey, Daniel Donovan. J. J. Dono
van, V. Demartlnt. Georffe Dahlbender, T. F.'.
Egan, Logan Erwln, James Farrell. James O.
Flynn. P. H. Flynn. 1'. J. Flnl^an, John F.
Finn, James F. Ford. T. J. Fitzslmmons, -tVil
11am Finnigan, J. J. Fagan, .John ~ Fecriey.-
Charles W. Fay. T. I. Fitzpatiick. C. J. ; Gal
lagher. William Green. J. J. Greeley, H. Gut
stadt. Patrick Hayes. Thomas Htekey, ¦ John
II.. Hansen. D. T. Haley. M. C. Hassett, -C.
W. Hayden. "William T. He«s.: Curtis .H 11 Iyer.
M. Hernan J. L. Hart. P. J. Hajferty. John
M. Klein, Leo Kaufman, Thomas KIrby, ;Ed
ward Lawton, Joseph, A. Lynch, Dr. T.'B.-W.
Leland. M. E: Lally.-. Maurice Lowensteln, P.
Lydon. Charles McMenomy, George W. ' M6-
Levghlln, J. T. Monaghan, James T. Mooney,
A. B. Maguire. P. J. ¦ McCormlck, Charles W.
Meehan, Jasper McDonald. George W, Mc-
Glllivray. P. H. McCarthy, Thomas Murray,
W. G. McGee. L. H. Mooser. Hull McGlaughey,
J. D. Maxwell, A. G. Magulre. J. N. Much.
W. J. Nixon. J. E. O'Brien, Thomas O'Nell,
John O'Connell. William Ortelll, Joseph Plunk
ett.'Emil Pohll, Max Popper, = Howard Park,
John F. Renault. Edward King, T. P. Riordan,
on the fences and the unimproved prop
erty on which they are erected paid but
"The newspapers of San • Francisco."
said Mr. Martin, "employ the best union
labor, pav out $175,000 monthly, use rtfty
tlmes tho' amount of paper and Ink used
bv others, and we think we are entitled
to a little consideration. I submit this
because it has been said that this is a
newspaper fight, and therefore a com
parative statement of the assessments of
opposing Interests is in order. \N e have
no desire to injure the blllpotnerF. I fall
to see, however, where their loss could
be They have a monopoly of the entire
business now. We are governed largely
bv a desire to be fair. We believe that
the beauty of the city demands a reduc
tion in hefght. I have been informed that
only 10 per cent of the business of printing
posters is done in this city. I believe that
there would be large profits in ten-foot
fences and it would be to the interest of
the printers, because the sign painting Is
done on the superstructure, or above the
ten-foot line."
Mr Martin denied the statement that
the cutting down of the fences would re
sult In Increasing the Income of the news
papers. Objections were raised against
the unsightly structures because they are
a detriment* to the city's interests.
Supervisor Connor thought the news
papers had exhibited commendable enter
prise in voluntarily withdrawing all their
bulletin boards when the agitation against
the "freak" advertising had been com
menced. .
Attorney Miller, representing the bill
posters, argued at length for the twenty
foot fence and L. Owens of Owens & Var
ney read protests from a number of firms
against the proposed change.
The committee postponed further con
sideration for one week.
Big Transportation Companies to Dis
cuss Plans for Handling Expected
Big Increase in Tourist
. Traffic This Fall.
E. O. McCormlck, passenger traffic man
ager of the , Southern Pacific Railroad,
will leave for the East next week on
two Important missions. In New York on
June 6 he wlll.be at hand to furnish in
formation to Collis P. Huntington on pas
senger affairs when the meeting of " rail
road presidents of the Western. Southern
and Southeastern lines is convened. After
the adjournment he will go immediately
to" Chicago and there attend a conference
which will fix tourist travel on Southern
Pacific lines for the coming year.
At this conference will be representa
tives from the Southern Pacific Railroad,
the Western Railroad of Alabama, the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad, the
Illinois Central, the Baltimore and Ohio
and the Southwestern Railway. As a big
increase in tourist travel is expected plans
for the enlargement of the present field
of operation will be prepared.
-All the companies Interested expect to
put on extra tourist train service in th«
fall of tho year and will draft their plans
accordingly.
GOES TO ATTEND
CONFERENCES OE
RAILROAD MEN
E. 0. McCormi'cfc^ Preparing
for an Important Trip
East.
Scotland. f ase and a na "ve of
WHAT threatened to be a serious
fire broke out last night in the
pattern department of the Oc
cidental foundry, at Main and
Harrison streets, owned by Steiger &
Kerr. The blaze was discovered by Pat
Touhey, a watchman, who turned In an
alarm from the auxiliary box stationed in
the foundry. By the time the fire en
gines reached the scone the pattern shop
was enveloped in flames. Fearing a gen
eral conflagration, Chief Sullivan turned
in a second alarm, shortly afterward
followed by a third. By hard work the
firemen succeeded in confining the blaze
to the pattern department, although for
a time it looked as though the entire
blcck was doomed.
Adjoining the foundry on the Harrison-
Street fide are two three-story wooden
buildings, which were partially damaged
by water. One Is occupied, by Joe Kane,
a" member of Engine Company Xo. 9, and
the other by J. Dean, a drayman. Mrs.
Dean was in bed at the time, suffering
from a severe attack of pneumonia, but
with considerable difficulty she donned a
wrapper, and, standing on the porch, or
dered one of her husband's employes to
release a half dozen horses which were in
the barn In the rear of the house. Her
command was promptly obeyed and the
horses led to a place of safety.
When the fire was about under control
fifteen sailors of the French cruiser Pro
tet. under the command of -a lieutenant,
appeared on the scene, anxious to lend
their assistance if necessary. The corn-
mander of the vessel, which is .lying off
Harrison-street wharf, saw the flames
and thinking that a serious conflagration
was in progress ordered all his available
crew to go to the scene. A boat was low
ered quickly and the willing Frenchmen
reached the wharf without delay. Some
were armed with axes and others carried
chemical extinguishers. As they ran up
Harrison street toward the scene of the
blaze they were cheered by the admiring
onlookers. The fire by this time was un
der control and as their services were not
needed they returnr-d to" their ship.
The fire started on the roof of the pat
tern shop, and was presumably caused by
a spark. The putterns which were de
stroyed can be easily replaced. Captain
Comstock estimates the damage at about
$5000, which is fully covered by Insurance.
Scene at the Fire in the Occidental Iron Foundry.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on Ju
diciary and Streets heard arguments pro
and con yesterday on the proposed or
dinance limiting the height of fences for
advertising: purposes to twenty feet. A
large number of industries interested in
the measure were present. Many reasons
were advanced why the structures should
be limited to ten feet.
C. A. Murdock of the Employing Print
ers' Association argued that the ordin
ance r.ow in force allowing fences to be
twenty feet in height was a fair one. If
thty were reduced to ten feet business
would be cut in halt and the printers
would suffer. He ?ald that there shvuld
be certain restrictions or regulations
where the fenws interfered with any
body's sunlight or fresh air and to protect
the lives of pas?ers-by. The compromise
of fifteen feet was Impossible, as the
paper used was cut for ten feet spaces.
W. J. Mar'in, business manager of the
San Francisco Call, asked Mr. Murdoch
what percentage of the printing was done
by the jobbing printers. Mr. Murdock was
unable to answer, but L. D. Owens, a bill
poster, replied that 85 or 90 per cent was
printed in Saa Francisco, including the
cigar posters. Louis Roesch said he print
ed a large number of cigar posters, but
admitted that many of them came from
the East. Mr. Martin said he would show
how much was invested la the newspaper
business and asked that the billposters
give similar figures. The latter, however,
declined to give out for publicity any
jigures relating: to their investment, but
promised to give them confidentially to
the committee.
Mr. Martin pointedly asked If any gen
tleman present would stand for the state
ment that 83 per cent of the cigar poster
printing was cone in the city. No cne re
sponded.
Mr. Sterett, who Is exclusively In the
poster business and employs seventy or
eighty people, said if the upper ten-foot
fence was taken down it would necessi
tate the painting of signs on the lower
lence and he would sufler losses In con
sequences, as less billposting would be
done.
Thomas Boyle of the Evening Bulletin
contended that the printers would not be
injured by making the fences ten feet
high, but the sign painters, who were not
among the protestants. might suffer. Mr.
.Hoover of the Krancis-Valentine Com
pany argued for twenty-foot fences, and
to a question by Martin replied that his
:irm did not print any posters over ten feet
high.
At Supervisor Comte's suggestion the
committee decided to hear the protestants
against the twenty-foot fences. and
Charles Ulrich, who represented the news
fajtens. addressed the committee. Mr.
'lrich said:
¦•While newspapers are largely private
interests, you must admit that they are
vitally interested in the city's welfare and
always strive for its advancement. The
twenty-foot fence retards the growth of
the city and makfs it a provincial town.
The fences should be cut down, because
they are in maaiy cases monstrosities.
Only the Silurian allowed his vacant lots
to be surrounded with high fences, be
cause he is not progressive enough to
build on them; but the unsightly struc
tures probably paid the taxes on his un
improved property. Any one coming to
this city and seeing the outrageously high
fences would dub it a-s a third rate town.
"If the statement that the billposters
have $275/»n> invested is correct, then it Is
peculiar, because I have learned from
official records that Owens & Varney are
assessed for $1100 and Siebe & Green for
J1175. Now, the newspapers are assessed
for 82.oOO.Wirt. They pay out, mainly in
Falarie.<=. 113,000 monthly to 3'JOO employes,
iicainst the seventy-live men emploved by
the billposters.
"Only a few days ago Mayor Phelan or.
dered the removal of certain unsightly
fifrnF in outside districts on the broad
ground of beauty, and for the same rea
son the towering fences in the heart of
the city should l»e abated as nuisance?.
Now. wo want those fences cut down; tlic
public wants them cut down and there are
emphatic protects against maintaining
them/'
Brandenstein stated that he was satis
fied that from an esthetic point of view
high fences wrre objectionable, but he
w.i* averse to sacrificing the various in
dustrk-F that claim they will be ruined If
the fences are reduced In height.
"Th*re are over ten times the number of
employes directly interested in the cutting
down of the fences that there are who op
pose the plan." said I'lrich.
F. C. Selfridjre of the Central Improve
ment Club j^aid that twenty-foot fences
are a danger and a menace to the lives
of the pa5sers-by. He paid the fact that
the Hoard of Public Works would have
pupervisifin r<f their orectdlon would be of
little avail in oases of high winds: and.
furthermore, the fences became weakened
the longer they were maintained.
I'lrich contended that the danger from
a twonty-font fonce was twice as great
as a t<*n-foot fence and that a death had
once resulted frnm the blowing down of a
fence on McAllister street.
Mr. Martin contended that the city is
not deriving its fair proportion of taxes
from tho lirms who claimed they would
puffer a loss of ESiO.Oiin if the ten-foot limit
was adopted, as Owens & Varney were
asseFsr-d for but $1400. No taxes are paid
Arguments Regarding Unsightly
Signs Considered by Super
visors' Judiciary and
Strset Committees.
All Twenty-Foot Advertis
ing Structures a Detri
ment to the City.
MM PROTESTS
'AGAINST HIGH
BOARD FENCES
The constitutionality of the civil service
chapter of the charter was argued before
Judge Cook all day yesterday and there
still remains much to be said.
The case before the court is on the de
murrer of the city to a petition for an In
junction to restrain the Civil Service Com
mission from holding competitive exam
inations. Attorney . P. F. . Dunne repre
sented the petitioners and City Attorney
Franklin K. Lane, George Lane and Gar
ret McEnerney represented the city.
Lane opened the argument. He de
scribed the application for an injunction:
as an attack upon section 12 of Article
XIII of Chapter XIII of the charter. It
is that section which provides that ap
pointees shall not be discharged without
written charges filed with the Civil Ser
vlco Commission and after trial in their
presence. It was claimed by the petition
ers that this was a restriction of the
power of removal which was vested in the
heads of departments by the constitution,
and In that the section was unconstitu
tional.* And further that as section 12 was
a vital portion of the chapter on civil ser
vice tbe whole fabric must fall If the sec
tion be declared invalid. .
Lane touched but lightly upon the ques
tion of constitutionality, confining himself
to this point: that even should the section
be thrown out it is a subsidiary provision
of the charter and so the remainder of the
chapter might stand without it. He cited
several cases which bore upon the point
that when a part of a law, of secondary
importance in itself, has been declared
unconstitutional the remainder of the law
Is not necessarily affected by the throwing
out of the one section.
* In the case at bar, he said, there was
a complete and legal feystem of civil ser
vice provided for evea without the pro
vision of tenure. With that eliminated
there would still be, he . said, sufficient
left to establish the system effectively,
for he contended that the tenure of office
would look out for Itself once the merit
system of appointment had been estab
lished. There would be no use In dis
charging a competent man, he claimed,
if the appointing power could not put in
his place a man he had personal reasons
for appointing; and therefore the tenure
of ofnee provision, while important, was
not of the first importance, and should it
be thrown out should not necessarily ren
der the, whole law Inoperative.
. George Lane followed his brother on the
method of remedy. He claimed that the
proper remedy for suoh an injury as al
leged by the petitioners was not by In
junction but by mandamus.
Dunne took up the argument when court
convened for the lift.' rr.oon. He opened
with the contention that Injunction was
the proper remedy, for proceedings by in
junction were proper In ever}' case where :
a man's property was affected; and in this
case he claimed the petitioner's property
was affected, for he appeared as a tax
payer and lie had a valid claim that his
money was being used bv the Civil Ser
vice Commission for an Illegal purpose.
Continuing on to the question of valid
ity, Dunne argued that as section 12 was
In his opinion Invalid, he considered the
whole chapter invalid on the rule that if
a vital point in an act falls the whole
must fail with it. As to its being a valid
point, he contended that the essence "of
the civil fervlce system is the lnsuranpe
of a life tenure, or one during good be
havior, ¦ and such a' tenure, he: claimed,
would be in violation of that section of
the constitution which declares four
years to be the extreme limit of service
in office in a subordinate position. It also
restricted the power of removal, he said,
because the theory of tbe constitution is
that the removing power is vested in the
appointing power, and while the charter
expressly stated that the heads of the
departments should appoint, it fur
ther provided that the Civil Service
Commission should remove, or at least
that the system as outlined in the charter
amounted to that.
Arguing further, he called attention to
the provisions in the charter relating to
the" heads- of departments, and how in
each instance it stated <hat "ho ap
point" a certain number of subordinate".
In the civil serv'ce chapter, he continued,
It isset forth that the Civil Service Com
mission may pubmit one or two or three
names from the eligible ;ist from which
the head of the department in which the
vacancy to be fille-1 exists may choose.
Statutes, Mr. Dunno continued, should be
judged not by what may be done under
their provisions but by what can be done,
and In the section clt?d it was under this
idea clearly allowable for the Civil Serv
ice'Commission to submit but one nam<?
for the head of a department to choose
from; a sort of legal gold brick or an of
flcial Hobson's choice." In that case he
claimed the appointing power was clearly
the Civil Service Commission, and the
power was directly at variance with that
conferred upon the heads of the depart
ments by the charter and consequently
by the Legislature. ¦¦
McKnerney wanted to know if that con
tention did not fit with his— that the com
mission had the power of removal and so
brought the two together again in the
manner contemplated by the Legislature,
but- Dunne spent no time upon tho ques
tion.
He claimed that the proper way to es
tablish a civil service was to amend the
constitution in such a way as to provide
for it: but he considered the charter. a
legislative enactment that had no power
to run at variance with the constitutional
provisions regarding the four years' ten
ure of office and the relation of the ap
pointing and the removing power.
It was well on toward dinner time when
Dunno concluded, and so the case went
over to 9 o'clock Monday mornlngr. At
that time Mr. McEncrney will argue In
support of the civil service provisions.
Attorney Dunne Claims That One Im
portant Section Being Invalid
the Whole System Must
.- iFall With, It.
CHARTER CIVIL
SERVICE UNDER
LEGAL ASSAULT
Arguments Before ' Judge
Cook in Bauer Suit for
Injunction.
FIRE IN AN IRON FOUNDRY
DESTROYS COSTLY PATTERNS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 2G, 1900.
Cornelius Rodden. Daniel Reardon. John J.
Sullivan. E. O. Sullivan. R. A. Shepston, W.
G. Sanborn, A. H. Fchlmpf. J. AV.<Shanahan,
P. J. Tomalty, John F. Twigg, J. F. Tyler,
Joseph B. Vlzzard, S. M. Van Wyck. A. T.
VoRelsang, James F. Walsh. R. V. Whiting
and Or. T. E. .--human- — Total 109.
Your committee further recommends that said
city and county convention meet on Friday
evening. June 1, - 1900, at S o'clock, and then
elect 154 delegates according to the apportion
ment made by the State Central Committee,
as follows:
Brass Instead of Gold.
S. I* Solomon, ICO Third street, was ar
rested yesterday pn a warrant charging
him with a felony In obtaining money by
false pretenses. The complaining witness
Is Peter Conley, a laborer on the South
ern Pacific Railroad. Hewent into Solo
mon's auction rooms Thursday and bought
a watch for $28 that was represented to be
gold. Conley later learned that the watch
was made of- brass. — ~ *...,,...... .,
14
Appor-
DISTRICT. Total tlon-
Vote. merit.
DISTRICT.
Assembly District 28 1621 8
Assembly District 29 1941 10
Assembly District 30 1733 9
Assembly District 31 213S 11
Assembly District 32........ 1551 8
Assembly District 33........ 1740 9
Assembly District 34 2171 11
Assembly District 35 .- 141S 7
Assembly District 36 2363 12
Assembly District 37 2123 11
Assembly District 3S 1721 . 8
Assembly District 39 ; 1840 9
As-fembly District 40 1«88 8
Arrrmbly District 41 1561 8
Assembly District 42 1259 6
Assembly District 43 .1178 6
Assembly District 44..... 13C3 7
Assembly District 43 11S3 6
Totals 30,649 134
Appor-
DISTRICT. Total tlon-
Vote. merit.
DISTRICT.
Assembly District 28 1621 8
Assembly District 29 1941 10
Assembly District 30 1733 9
Assembly District 31 213S 11
Assembly District 32........ 1551 8
Assembly District 33........ 1740 9
Assembly District 34 2171 11
Assembly District 35 .- 141S 7
Assembly District 36 2363 12
Assembly District 37 2123 11
Assembly District 3S 1721 . 8
Assembly District 39 ; 1840 9
As-fembly District 40 1«88 8
Arrrmbly District 41 1561 8
Assembly District 42 1259 6
Assembly District 43 .1178 6
Assembly District 44..... 13C3 7
Assembly District 43 11S3 6
Totals 30,649 134
MARKS^BROS.
A chance buy enables
us to offer the following
values :
HOSIERY.
LAPiner iiermpdokf black lace hose;
others a^k 50c; our price 5If»e I
LAIJIKW KILK and LISLE HOSE; D !oln or ;
ribbed; < tfcors osk 40c; our price 24c '
LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE; full finish; i
douHe hc*>! and toe; others ask 20c; our j
price 12<ic
LADIES' COLORED) TOI> FANCY RIB HOSE: \
full finish: others ask 2Sc; our price — !<• i
SADIES' ALIv-SILK HOPE; U'.ack only: others <
esk Jl; our price 4«»c
CHILDRnN'S HNE RIBBED HOSE; double
ka*^-, \\f-(\ ciA toe; others a«k *0c; our
jirice IS Vic
BOYS 1 UICYCLE nOPK; extra heavy; rull
ierrth; others ask our price 17c
R. & Q. Corsets. P. & N. Corsets.
A Corset that others ask ~lc
we will sell to-day for COc
A Corset that other* RFk J1.00
we will fcI! io-<lay for 73c
A CarcR that others afk $1.25
w* will iu»ll to-<lay for Sfl.fK*
A Corsot tliat others u«k J1.50
we nl!l pell towiay for 91.25
A Cortict that others ask J1.75
we v.-lll ne!l to-day for 91.25
A Conet that others ask R.00
we will fe!l t<*-day for Sl.r.O
A Corret th«t other* ask $2.23
wp will sell to-<lay for $1.73
A Corset that other* .iFk J2.S0
we will tell to-day for ?2.<>0
A Corset that other* i»!c $3.00
we will poll to-<lay for ._|>2^>O
CHILPUEN'S FERRIS CORSET WAISTS, nil
sizes 22c
D!SJ Inducements offered to Iroyeni of LADIES'
KNIT UNDERWEAR Jn wool, cotton
and silk threads. ¦ .
ON' *aie to-<lay. GRASS LIKEN', DUCK. COV-
KllT CLOTH OVKll^KIRTS. from :»>€•
to ..¦¦¦¦.., S2.«M»
Will fell to-day LADIES' VrRAPPERS. made
«if best rnaterlalR. trimmed with braid* and
lice J»^cand J*l.2:t
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet Taylor and Jones.
'ITecial bargains
Saturday and Monday
EXTRA FRUIT SYRUPS, qf bot 25c
Raspberry, Strawberry. Grenadine. Re*. <0^
Singapore Pineapple, s£l£c. n 20c
In heavy syrup. Regular 30c.
BEST ftffir- EGGS, -doi....l7ic
Finest Creamery Butter, 3 sra" 35c
Don't delay. Now Is the time to pack
.Butter for •winter. Regular *0c square.
CHOICE RiV, BUTTER, square 30c
Ghirardelli's 5sr k - Cocoa, 3 £? 20c
Regular 2Sc.
Imported Sardines, 3 cans — 25c
GHIRARDELLI'S fESS- Ji b 25c
Regular 30c.
JAPAN HEAD RICE, Ib 5c
HEW MILD CHEESE, Ib 10c
Regular 20c Ib.
Irish and Scotch Whiskey, &.. 95c
Imported from Belfaat. ReguUr fl-B.
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gal $2.50
5 years old. Regular t3.K>.
HEADQCARTERS FOR
CAPE NUME SUPPLIES;
¦W'e Know What Ton Want and How to Pack It
AT LOWEST CVT PRICES. ,
Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. "Phone S. 2!tt. Xo Branch Stores.-
We want You
To Sec
Our Prices
At which we are •elllng
China.
Crockery,
Glassware.
Come Just to See.
Grat Aierton Isuortlns Tea Ca.^'
MONEY-SAVING STORES. >•
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
881 Market St. (Opp. Powell). t«f .
140 sixth St. •• •¦
353 Hayes St. Xli Third St.
1419 Polk St. m MontJcom»ry At*.
2516 Mission St 70S Larkin St. . •
tOOS Sixteenth St. 1S1» Devisadero St.
14« Ninth St- 475 Hal zht St. ¦ a ' j ;
2008 Flllmore St. ' ' KS5 MUston St.
£2 Market St. ': - 2732 S4tb St. "I. '
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washlnston St. (IS R. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. . tIS5 23d At*.
1510 Seventu St. . . . 12S3 Park St.. AIaa*to.
Hale'B. J 525!^
y^^X (JtS^sVJA in advertising a store like this-^- WA
/a?Yi&R S R s^^ > 1\]' \r\ a store which is brimful of things g
II I ll^«(Jil \3 V^VV economical to talk about— a fa
It I iK^VvSl %swft V'-tt store wn ' cl1 * s focusing the eve |4
// / /i!K\yj*\ P*U l W ° f ever y famiI y u .p° n '. t9 * rowth P
\\ I / F\rSsl3&^ x^*" X'A — some one department only can fcj
11 I ll^ajisS^^'^ir*^ I $ be treated of in each advertise- Ks
\ V^£T"~-^-^ \\ \ J Jl its the P°P u ' ar Saturday store. lg|
J&Pjy -o'clock adds to our popularity, g|
X<N,>L besides giving our employes rest t|
m sss 5^ vapatinn Hudnut's almond meal. &3
Hggggg lauauuii for tan and sim b urn , jVS
ll nlntS keeps the pores open gi
pj catlirriav Hale's double warp and far better for the complexion
HI ' t. * " sheets, bleached, very 'han soap 25c £g
Km SnOBiS heavy and durable: an Hudnut's cucumber cream, a skin £*§
HI unusually good sheet for long ser- food, builds up tissues of the face ||l
El vice: ( we will send you a book, "All pa
S| size 64x90 in. (note the stie) each.... Jjc about the Face," free for the ask- IJ
E3 Size 63x90 in. (note the size) each..a2£ic j \ KM
B Size 72x90 in (note the size) each.. 5. He b ', ...5°c |Q
pa size six90 in. (note the sue) eacn..62H>-- good strong vacation trunk, .10 54
m trimmill2S our new yo buyers height of trunk, iS 1^ inches. EJ
m »I"»>"»B» have just sent out Hale's price $^.87 &§
m some elegantly .rich all-over st rcng, fiat top trunk, four cleats CJ
E2 spangled nettings, 27 inches wide on top> u nen ,- aced> two trays^ «
B per yard $2.50 goO( i i oc k ; i ncne s lonsr. . .$8.2.> if
II nilllPV no one feature has so extra strong trunk, with two j~l
H l 11 popularized itself this trays, linen hned, four cleats on §1
m DBltS season as the pulley belt. fop. brass bumpers and straps; 32 g]
EA we offer two-strap ribbon pulley inches long, 22 inches high. $10.00 fid
Eg belt with ribbon shield in back. fjj
HI regular 38c value, in black only SUI103Y nere we on?cr ladies' 2- §¦
H 25c ff j nV p/ clasp prime lambskin §3
II notrSnh iust in— new ostrich b IU!Ci gloves, perfectly made, gj
I S StriCh fSJh e rboa.7Jn]yiuV™r- carefully stitched and nttin K as g
H bOaS rived, but bought before f°°* tVhXt^rlt '^ 4
M the big advance in prices; these range includes green, blue. red. rJ
E§ prices are unusually low for such ta "' mod .\ , b [ own - K !f/\ pea^ M
M high grade boas: whlte and bIack; sizes & \° 7^ M
M 36-inch ostrich feather boas in * per pair 75c ||
fi| black for $7.50 § _ ft!
[51 45-inch ostrich feather boas in V/31StS taffeta and satin hi
Eg black for $9.00, $11.50, $15.00 j e i-} r i c waists, nicely tucked Eg
FS| 45-inch in light gray, solid color.. Qitu SXIllS down front and back; Xq
fc|j $1500. $17.50 body lined, high collar, flaring ||
H boys' and girls' 120 , d 0 z e n heSope. iLt orlS m
H hn<5IPrV boys and girls* inally sold at $6.00 and $7.50; now <1
H nOblciy seamless rib- each $^8' iil
|1 bed fast black cotton hose, nar- good, serviceable, "separate dres^ ffl
H r i 0W J lb i extra . he ?. vy a ?? eIas - tic; 5kirts ' in fine ch eviot cloths, good H
H double knees, high ankle; sizes quality percaline lining; skirts fd
m 6 to 10; unusual value for ?hat sold up to this date for $5 00- M
HI X 5c pair now $2.89 5|
g| "the six o'clock store." SI
HJ monday. tuesday. Wednesday, thursday. fr/day. yes and Saturday/ gSj